I hate bugs more than people.
lol the facts don't lie.
Happy Friday!
No man loves life like him that's growing old.
Eating plastic lettuce...yum!
<= You're the MAN man!
If only #oomf knew.. 😏
I finally went ahead and bought my ticket for the Megadeth concert for next week. :)
lol, I didn't! But Dolan does look like satan, so you have satan X 2 on there, haha
Oh no! That's terrible!!!
And Tiger's mistresses the cats that swallowed the canary... Er..., cockatiel?
Special Thanks to our guest speaker CPT Ken Barrett from the for his service to the nation.
Who wants to donate sushi to my craving cause?
Former national intelligence director Dennis Blair on Iran's Hormuz threats: "We are in a situation that is full of dangers and absurdity."
immunity, bomb shelters, & cryonics. Put me and friends on future list. Thanks Team spirit 2012
Ha! Just this morning I was thinking about how my mom & her friend said the name of a flower. I say it different. I lost mine.
About to start bawling my eyes out.
April fool's day! Your life is the joke....
I won't promise anything cuz what if I can't but I'll try if we go what movie should we c ??
This Lil Boy Said Tats Coming Soon But His Ass Cant Even Get Up And Go To School And He's A Senior And I Called Him "Lil", He Aint Tho Lol
time to teach studio cycling NYC, your are next w/ - SUNDAY
chick just told me im dope...i say i got alot more work to do!
Dying my hair red :3
I tank. Chkng turn to induce. He's bluffn. He floated flp w all those plyrs left to act wAhJc. I hve Qh. Make tuff call, 70% fav, rvr h, out
The Old 1997s
Guys I need 200 followers or more thanks guys it will mean a lot and fallow and we can do it
who else wants to see #godspeed every night they are playing in SF in april?
Elizabeth Banks Talks The Hunger Games and Says Harry Potter Is "Scary as Sh*t"
beer is cold here in #Baltimore ain't its cuz? go O's!
I think I'm going to "pop-lock-and-drop-it" on the circle today
Chicken noodle soup>>>>>
We are so glad you could make it! Thank you for all the support!
That play has nothing to do the season Bush had. Freak play, wrong positioning for everyone. Wasn't one's fault.
I am trying to get in to this live art and design concept and creating networks to produce tees..Its pretty tricky but possible.
What if I want to be a spinster cat lady?
Going to bed, finally. <3 can't wait to see my boy in the morning. <3 finally found the right one.
When i get done cleaning , ima call him .
Look At It This Way..Lovers May Come And Go..However Having “Love Demons” Tattooed Across Your Chest Is Probably Forever…
Now following.....
Interesting video: looks like southern Indiana trailer trash doing a Redd Foxx impersonation (and a decent one at that).
We are young ♥
Aww, I liked Husk.
Please welcome lorikleeauthor to the Max life
#freelunchFriday is here. Where we offer #Milwaukee friends free lunch over some light networking. Message us - we'll put you on the list.
Omg!! my JONAS LA cd has been MIA for a year now and I just asked my brother if he's seen it and he just hands it to me! so happy!
hello new people
Food and drink on a sidewalk.
I really want a pig,
At the house with family
Shelvin Mack makes a big 3 pointer.. ties it at 19
That's why I only use olive LOAF oil. MT FDA considers [olive oil] adulteration a low priority. Grody olive oil not deadly.
Sir Paul's closing... rocked it
#mentionyourcrush Wood Harris!!
glad to have cable after a big t-storm saturday night knocked it out.
I'm tellin you bro
too bad both need to put up 25 shots to be an impact. No one else is gonna shoot. Maybe Maggette when he wants his averages
Watching on via DVR. Good points discussed regarding #smallbiz , employment & social media.
Got my run in on campus.
Omg!! YOU'VE Never Pumped Gas.? In Denver Too You Have To Pump It Your Own.
Planted some native wildflowers around the compound this morning. Now to the workshop for something a little more manly.
telling us about jazz and life
I just wish you could open your eyes. You took my pride and self esteem. Then you take the most important thing in my life. (brother)
Only way to do it. RT To The Fullest :)
Lynda as in Wonder Woman...then that was her...Such a sweetheart..I loved her!!
that awkward moment when I walk down the hallway & people behind me are saying "someone smells like Abercrombie" while cayla is smelling me.
#stm2012 EBSCO hinting at providing a PPV option in the near future
Monday weekend is over T_T but no worry Tea Pot Lounge will help you through the week by offering all 8th for $40 TAX FREE
Get a ticket to the Release Party & receive a FREE copy of my album: #TheClevelander!! HMU!
Had a fab vertical of Château La Conseillante last night along with '82 Haut Brion and other greats. Wow! I'm lucky!
Remember when *anysectionoftown* didn't? 11th street and South Congress were dangerous. Damn, it's like yesterday.
#musiclib2010 gearing up for the banquet with some cocktails and hopefully a little harmonica!
happily will give you access. DM email address so I can get you setup when I get back in front of my computer.
QU0TING: Me? Stalk? Nah.. I just observe.. At night… Behind a tree… Alone…
you'll make it happen!
Hahaha barbie Klaus!;)
Ashlynn Brooke. A popular porn star.
Lol no i don't!
So cool! Haha Love it.
Fuck Nigga Don't Want No Beef.
I wish tats were cheap. I already want my next one :/
Lightning talk: Ruth, Chairman Baltimore Co. Hist. Trust. Working with painter who is painting historic scenes from Balto. Co.
I've seen your videos in the past. Caught back on and lovin' them all. Keep up the great work! Always
,Good Morning
"we're on our way to meet Uncle Cracker, officer…." best story i've heard in a round :)
Just finished the first Game of Thrones book. Hope to have no. 2 finished by the end off the second season.
My husband is belting opera arias while he washes the dishes.
speakered answering machines in movies and tv are such a fun device for audiences to hear the drama! too bad barely anybody uses them.
I've decided I hate season finales. I want shit to just keep going.
So, #Romney has the nomination now, does that mean the VP candidate will travel around the country tied to the top of Romney’s campaign bus?
What's going on guys? Talk to me.
bet that hurt...
Is Juan Francisco the Fredi Gonzalez of third basemen, or is Fredi Gonzalez the Juan Francisco of managers?
Oh, and it is my understanding that dog tastes like chicken. #soihavebeentold #obamasemailsareeducationalsometimes #ilove hashtags
Weather Channel app update...oh no
hey lil Dee u normally dont remember first night action, do you?
I wish "cared" enough to just give me back my reasonable rate (which had already been hiked, but at least was worth it 4 service)
yeah but I was eating healthy so it isn't good! And that's bad
My mom hates when I cut MY shirts lol
Agree...that was good stuff. ": Nice Target/Adele commercial. #Grammys"
Gotta love any wedding that involves kickball the day before.
Pumping fist! Let's go Hawks! Let's go Hawks! Let's go Hawks! Let's go Hawks!
Thank you!
White Mystery & The Old In Out at Soda Bar in 20 minutes. W. Mystery are a bro/sis from Chicago who are ready to rock (& roll) out right ...
Just saw on last night's SNL. I don't know, but there's just something special about that song.
Yeah! RT : Reminder: Tmr 9pm EST we're having a #GSMC (Global Social Media Chat) chat about content generation & a review of G+.
Wait a second...did the mega user fee pass in the last second?? It was down a vote and then at the last second two votes switched???
Congratulations to Old Dominion University's Big Blue, the 2010 Capital One National Mascot of the Year. Give it up for the champion!
i bought #upallnight and of course it’s on repeat! one thing is definitely a favorite of mine :)
did you hear the #Hawks picked up Teague's option today? If you want to work on the piece involving how far he can take em?
I loveyou please notice &follow me(been trying for 2yrs),&very excited about #BOYFRIEND aaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber #4DAYS :-D 8
You better! :)
My mom's nurse for the night is a Yankees fan. Things got momentarily weird. :x
I miss you ugly :p <3
Its #LakeShow time homie...Let's get this win
How is a woman like a condom? Both spend most of their time in your wallet.
Oprah doesn't like HD, that's why OWN is not broadcast in HD!
Many thanks to our attendees, presenters, sponsors & staff for a great day of conversation, debate and info on ebooks in libraries!
I really enjoy it with fruit juice or ginger ale! Perfect to make in large quantities for the pool side!!
Won't the Pac12 tourney record technically be set by whomever ends this game w/ the most assists?
Best thing about having a co-worker who is a psychology grad school student? Having them go over/help with my statistics homework.
Small glitch in the system 4 the contest today, but voting is back up & running until 11:59:59 PST tonight! Get those last minutes votes in!
I really wish that certain Meatballs(fat short women) would cease to post another pic of them in a bikini on twitter..its repulsive
so i have my fcat reading test tommorow, and what better way of studying than by reading!!! ;D
lets repeat the cruise on d moon!
PAIN Promo Shoot today 12pm to 3pm. Then FEAR rehearsal tonight ! Busy day. Lots of progress 2 be made!
Cooperative toddler is cooperative. It's freaky.
I just saw somebody ding-a-Lang on INSTAGRAM 😱.... 😏
A person who wants to do something will find a way' a person who doesn't will find an excuse.
Phone call I had today >>>
Tim Duncan has 8 points and a blocked shot. The Spurs lead the Jazz 22-20 with 2:29 left in the first quarter.
Hey Kyle you still covering the Cats for the CJ , haven't seen your name in awhile ???
Chicfila gets me every time
Come visit us on a Thursday nite soon fir #HOUSEMUSIC ": Thanks fr the follow! You're one of my favorite spots :)"
My thoughts & prayers are with the people of #Cyprus following today's terrible explosion at a Cypriot naval base near Limassol.
Sinatra was awarded the Thomas Jefferson Award for Fighting Against Intolerance on April 13, 1947.
Ancestry.com commercial with Santa just came on including disclaimer at the bottom, "Santa portrayal"....
The sun is out and hoping the rain will stay away....stop on by and try something off the Brunch Menu...
RT : Dunwoody: objectivity and balance are sophisticated surrogates for truthtelling
so far, so good, although best practices have evolved
#Grading an essay which begins "Threw out history, there has always been ...". Do you think the student was sending me a subliminal message?
I did 2 stories today and went live at noon, five and six. I wish everyday was as busy as this one!
#ItsAwkwardWhen i accidently text/call the wrong person when i have been trying to avoid them all day.
Missing iPhone4 has been returned to it's owner. Can't believe how lucky I am to get it back
i can't believe i didn't run into you at #INTADC - i had a 1 in 10,000 chance! hope you're enjoying the conference!
Make sure that you claim your product on BestVendor! Click the link on the righthand side that says "Claim it!"
it seems that, after a few hundred years of mutants, humans would become the subservient species.
My mom better take me #tanning later or I'll cry.
Youse guys hear about this Obama guy? Yeah, he put new ceilings in the White House
I like to be as spoiler-free as possible.
cant't wait to go clubbing with my bitches #whereisfriday?
RT : I want to know when Rush is going to do the first one-song, 22-minute Super Bowl halftime set list
Thanks man. I will email you. I appreciate it.
HA! Maybe it's a day off for you...the bright side!
Thanks for the follow. I have been to your winery - a few years back - I had a great time. Cheers!
I thought that I am afraid, is the farewell time, originally, my similar fear has a reunion.
Yes sir, we'll be a the rally!
Missed out on 's yoke birthday. #TBCont'd
Talking shit on twitter to my friends at church. Hm, I don't know if I should feel guilty for this or just not care
YES!!! TEBOW ONE FAVORITE ATHLETE!!!!!! MUHAHAHAHAHA
see? This is why I shoot down yr ideas! #iPadtraining ?! :-)
Our response to God's provision in our lives should be nothing other than humility.
chilling how exciting the prospect is!
thank you :) and will definitely do so. Keep doin your thang too !
Is that weird ?
A kid killed himself because people were bullying him for his religion, race and him liking the same sex.
I'm currently accepting donations in the form of cash, grass, or ass. Make your contributions today and get a complimentary certificate.
congratulation you have just been reported as spam.
Well, no way in hell we're gonna win without Roger on the field!
“ When boys cuddle with you, until you fall asleep. ♥”
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Nightmare on Elm Street
I would agree about the schedule releases, except you get teams announcing 7 game schedules with no OOC ... WHY?
you absolutely have to get it next time! Also, for lunch (weekdays open-3pm) it's super cheap!
Not look forward to spring ball after school no more -__-
its so much fun to be over here there is so much to do here
I DM'd ya back too.
You win again NJTransit...you win again...
exactly. its sad. this isn't the NBA. there are no real comebacks in rap. i'd rather he write books. do guest verses.
LMAO ; He needs too stop ASAP. Cannot sing.
Glimpse will bring together outspoken CEOs, founders and business leaders across the discovery spaces to discuss how we live, decide & buy
I could go for a #dietcoke and a ceasar salad right now...
is in need of volunteers this summer for a program aimed to engage youth in leadership activities. Future Leadership Boca 2009 PBCC/SYC.
Landed in SLC
If you're so fat you need a wheelchair, you should probably change your lifestyle.
Playing tonight at Cafe Che Pasta with the usual and some unusual suspects. Stop by around 6pm if you feel like swinging...
First love jus tried to get back in....tried my hardest not to hurt his feelings!
Thanks for your lovely RT's Lori :)
I just need a break. Hoping I get that tomorrow. I'm at the point where I'm willing to beg. Just give me one day without stress..
Good evening Thanks for following Newark Twinning! Watch this space for proms news.
#supportlocalmusic Live today, right now. Listen, share
Okokokok now I'm sleeping! Good night
I think the biggest reason for drops in times since 2004 has more todo w/access 2video than suits
thanks for following me(: your really cute[:
“I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.” Michael Jordan
Wow barely no one is on but anybody know any iconic boyz fan FICs I can Read
If I could I would send it to you thru internet
I hope you had a chance to see and join Oprah's life class. If not catch reruns good info and excellent teachers.
Richardson is awesome!!! The #Browns management not so much. They had him and were compelled to give up 3 picks to move 1 spot.
Great meetings at LAUSD this week. It is good to see how many people are starting to view K-12 education in new ways.
Jus remembered I can't relax today
also made sunbutter ice cream last night which was to die for. was a fan.
one of my nigga just beet the break off a nigga at Bistros hahaha
i think you guys did great
Nothing like waiting for 1.5 hours to see a doctor....after driving an hour ten to get here
by the time I thought about it, it was already half gone. Sorry. You know what a Turner steak looks like. Miss you bro!!
the worst feeling is regretting not having done something when you had the chance.
Thank you so much to our amazing vendors and the great folks who filled the room today. We couldn't have asked for more. See you again soon!
I know something about you.....
hey tell me why it's 12:55 am on a school night and I'm trying to get noticed by you lol #itsamahomiething :)
Interesting. Can I get it in a sentence for an example?
Ha! In NYC we'd need to be throwin' hunnids, so Toppers may be our best bet right now. Next week? I'm not done until the 8th :/
When educating the minds of our youth, we must not forget to educate their hearts. -Dalai Lama
"I think I'd better be alone for awhile." "I understand. I'll go with you." "Thanks." --Broadcast News
Logos and branding are so important. In a big part of the world, people cannot read French or English--but are great in remembering signs
Keep God First, Stay Humble, & Keep Working. That's My Motto.
WOO HOO PACKERS
pizza because there's no food, cookies because we feel like it, and i can't stop clicking this wireless mouse.
My new favorite song is "eyes open" by . It describes how I feel perfectly
u too
and I are arguing over who is a douchier tweeter. Answer: HE IS.
Ahh the Google logo today is so cool!
Catching up on KK take NY.....
If you've recently signed up for a free trial, let us know if you need any help! We're working through all the expert set-up requests. :)
- Thanks for the follow, be well. Marc
Choose Match.com! With more relationships, marriages, and murders than any other dating site!
yeah very true she wanted the D, and got the head... Twisted lol
Everybody stalks at least one persons twitter.
Only way to get it RT : I want success so bad I can almost taste it
Yeah she's really singing...yeah right horrible #halftime show
One of those days where you wish you could stop time, rewind, and undo all the stuff that happened today! I should've stayed home!
Although it's totally nerdy, i like to refer to it as FUNdue.
Use toothpaste instead of mustard.lol
Berman to anchor #SportsCenter tonight. The universe is punishing us for not being nicer to our mothers.
Your chance at Muse tickets are coming up...
; this bitch is trippin' today! she told me to shuutup! i'm bout to spazz out! ;)
come on pat, dont hate on the mcgriddles!!!
Just a heads up, next time you're here, I'm inviting myself to cocktails with you.
*No...that didn't really just happen...BUT IT SHOULD HAVE, AMIRITE?!
My KNICKS playing hard but in life hard work will lead to a heart attack..PLAY SMART NY
$2358. That's how much it costs per student per year in juve
FYI #MKE: our Assoc. Director heard on TV this am on this day in 1990, the area got upwards of 8 inches of snow!
THat is freakin awesome
I dare you to trust God with your life, to let God avenge you in His time, to let God meet out His justice as he sees fit.
Hey. Love your tweets. Keep up the great work! Sounds like you have your hands full with teaching, writing, coaching, etc :)
lol what movie did you want to quote instead? It came up on my phone but now its gone
Thanks for having us this morning. Was a pleasure talking to u. Can t wait to do it again . See u @ The Club
Technology is the answer ignition interlocks, background checks, and smarter cars can prevent drunks from getting behind the wheel
I wonder what it's like to be an #NFL wife...
That puts us at ease. Thanks Heidi!
Can't wait for the opening party on Friday! We're getting excited! !
Then what kind of girl are you? RT : I wanna be a normal girl, meh.
Laying out by the pool and playing wiffle ball>>>
Around 300 people at Epic' Easter Egg Hunt! It rocked. Will put pictures up later. Don't miss next weeks message "Genie In a Bottle"
Brady says to Smith: "I adore you."
Living life like a confused goon. Not all that rewarding as it turns out.
it's raining and thunderstorms are coming... time to write some new music.
I cannot put air in my tires successfully. I killed the valve on 1 tire but luckily a guy at work helped me out.
We hope your recovery is going smoothly! Come back and see us when you can!
Used 's geo-referenced approach plates for the first time tonight -- definitely worth the extra cost.
oh goodness I know, l0l!
Cap and gown (@ USC Commencement 2011)
my moms mad cause i anit go home haha im always at my aunts why should it matter now ? wondering mhm do my mom miss me?
nothing like playing 20 questions with ur teacher when we are suppose to be learning
ATTN: lovers--snag a cute little online deal this week. DM me for the discount code!
Visit "Think Blue" at the San Diego County Fair, near the Arena Gate.
let us know what you think! “: waiting on my copy of the vinyl frontier! ;)”
First Thing First When I First Waka Up I Brush My Teeth And Roll Up.,!
You are the one talking with me...so you are just as guilty.
“: Somebody please tell Danny Granger, this is not a night game. It's already started. Feel free to participate.”
Thank You!
Spontaneous multigenerational sing-along to "We Are Young" at a Polish butcher shop? Only in Greenpoint.
I hear you are into necrophilia?
i been good... Wbu
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained
Though I'm not a Galaxy fan. I'll be rooting for them tonight.
oh, good question. I'm pretty sure it was called Brother Thelonius.
Great PriceLeather Pouch Protective Carrying Cell Phone Case for ...
I'm the same! RT t2 I have 2 speeds. On & off. Working on figuring out how to slow down at times when I need more rest
Obviously he knows who the movers and shakers are! :-)
stay in bed...pfff.no school...today...ate to much last night....
#iStandGRAND because when i was bullied and had nobody to turn to i looked up to Vinny for inspiration. <3
Yea man. Doing big things
Please tell me she was an older white lady with grey-ish hair. Sounds exactly like this lady that lives nearby BNW.
Hahaha. The usual. And Cheez-Its. Because they are the gateway drug.
damn, got all the way down there and they were not there...boohoo...lol
#InOurGeneration you realize explaining to your kids how you met is gonna be like "Well son I met this girl on Facebook.."
Sex is not love
how did you like The Customer Loyalty Pyramid?
Sean J Show in Chicago 9:50 AM interview coming up
Bout to nap to make two days out of this one.
Digger is a douche bag!
From now on you will refer to yourself in the second person.
You are the Eyes of the world
Let the racing begin!!!!!
Don't hurt ure shoulder reaching 4 ure back RT thats how i live my life. impressing & shocking.
Sad and are out of the tour when they were both so strong, and even Boonen is out. Crazy how luck influences
The changes they voted for today could give staff more leverage to say no for Earth Day in future years, even if they say yes for 2012
I'm not! I didn't wanna go, I'm ready for graduation not prom! 😉🎓
Happy Birthday I hope it is amazing.
At a T-Shirt shop in my neiborhood called Alvin's Island.
I wish! Wasn't me :) But was super cool!
16 & pregnant is a dumb show. I miss Rob & Big!
On My Way To School!
Hope you enjoyed your time at RT : OZ Korean BBQ!
Many thanks to and for helping us throw a great Talent Appreciation Party last night!
Had to watch end scene 4 #newgirl twice this week-Phenomenal. Great chemistry bt cast, hilariously written & schmidt awesome
awe. I sorry. Feel better. (:
If I knew how 2 sing I wouldn't sing ova beats I would snap ma fingers like the temptations did
Two more days 'til Thanksgiving! What are you thankful for?
Java is probably the only programming language whose mere mention invites twitterspam.
I'll try and think of a great story angle for you. Maybe how to have fun in Tahoe without snow.
the moment you realize you haven't checked twitter all day.
you know I just looked at her like.....AM I ALIVE? o.O
"Any girlfriends?" Nick- "M mm NO!" Mikey: "Single swag for LIFE."
Summer Time
did it all via mail
I am sick of chanting defense...they have been on the field all game
BRING ON THE HUMP!
that was maybe Orton's best pass of the season!
Thanks! You too
oh hey sexy lady😏
Bobo thinks scary!
Thanks for tweeting about the event last night. We're looking forward to seeing you on 11/6!
is fantastic preschool education resource for enrichment at home. Check them out!
Harrison Barnes has superstar potential just is a little one dementional,needs to drive to basket more.
anyone want to go see florence + the machine and the weeknd with me in october?
it's a very nice day
Just ate lo main from tasty China, it was good!!!:)
What the @#$% was Hughes doing on the field against NY? He hasn't played all yr and then he gets reps in passrush/special teams?
The oddest thing: a fellow passes around a "real thing:" a non-image, an artifact, something NOT digitized.
listening to the Pixies and driving to Atlanta
how many 3 goggles did you throw in this season of #cougartown?
Ave of the Vines this Sunday.
I'm tired of everything that's happening. All the fighting all the bullshit. I'm pissed and i dunno why.
Snider and Derek Willis are on the same squad. Apparently no trash talking as of yet.
haha quite possibly! He wants me to go to church with him :)
Your so fake, you make Barbie look real
hung out with family relatives today for Mother's Day. and watched NBA games over at my uncle's house
iPad2 or the Nook Tablet? Combined Mother's Day/B-day gift deliberations currently happening. Any thoughts?
Custom Cutout Decal Printing at NYC Printing 123. Promote your message in any shape or size. Call now!! 646.833.8085/ 888.409.4420
Didn't turn out like we had planned.. Shouts to & , throwing a hell of a game.
OK , relate to librarians?
lol he like always does voice overs, like in that movie about penguins. . . . . . told you i was awkward
RT : Don't think you can underestimate the value of creating a vision for where your company is going.
eek, not my childhood mall!
☞Happy Birthday☜
Love waking up to a beautiful Saturday with endless possibilities!
Thanks for listening, hope you had a great day!
of that i'm quite sure! very excited about it all! see you soon!
Veggie burger at Bombers with pepper jack cheese. Oh yeah people come meet me out.
36-and-under is national, yes. A few states even define membership at Democrats under the age of 40.
A relationship is nothing without a friendship
U are a wealth of info! Who is leading this trip? Would make a great story!
So, is coffee as a part of your life, as it is in mine? Well show me your Mug and express your individuality in the pic with u and your mug.
nope it's central jersey, we head south tomorrow night to cape may I think
Looking forward to a nice relaxing Happy Valentine's Day starting with a couples massage and then dinner
Hope so
Go follow our boys at For The Kids!
ahh thts amazing!! Im so excited for u!! I hope u have so much fun!! Take lots of pics for me lol
Liberals vow to back Twiggy on 'real' jobs for Aborigines - The Australian
you'll learn when you're older
typo it is
thanks for the RT! How are things at the chamber?
Los #Librotraficantes are leaving El Paso, heading to Mesilla, NM.
Announcers just invited fans to the White Sox game for Mothers Day. First 10k females 14 and over get a tote bag. 14 and over?
PowerHouses, indeed! It was a treat to hear Tiffanie SoulPowerhouse Bridges & Ben Asaykwee & 4-pc band at tonight!
If you watch Basketball Wives religiously, you live a miserable, miserable life, with your drama filled ass.
Have a GREAT DAY EveryONE !!! Your dreams ARE COMING TRUE !!! :-)))
time to let loose!! happy hour all day until 7pm Capital Down plays live See you here
Beep beep
they just break clams on their belly and have a great freaking time being otters
yeah. either friday or sat. you?
well it rained earlier but I like the rain so yes :)
Ugh I have no energy today 😔
#DearGod thank you 4 another day to pursue my passions & fulfill my purpose. Give me the patience to deal with people & a heart of humility.
I don't mind this time it doesn't matter Xx
SEO or Search Engine Optimization basically means having your site optimized so it will rank well in the major search engines.
Just home from a weekend with my wife Cinda at Lutheran Marriage Encounter. What an amazing time we had!
Hate #blisters... So I got some batting gloves! Cages went alright, just need to get back into the swing of things!
Shante & Brenda at front with show brain work
Lydia Davis visiting Galway next month. Nice work,
way cool!
...and my ipod got milk ALL over it and honey too but it still works. LOL and the funny thing is this girl told me her ipod broke from......
Get that coffee bro. Start this week off right.
Full Mixtape $650 unlimited studio and more!!
Peanut butter with No Bread....Man,
Introducing NEW Subtweet 2.0 Act now and you too can revert to the mentality of a Junior High Schooler. Guaranteed to accomplish nothing.
Daniel Radcliffe Talks Robert Pattinson (video, new photos) - TheImproper.com
(Marie Curie) One never notices what has been done; one can only see what remains to be done.
I wanna see the fire ignite. Suffocating the sky. Don't ever say that you know just what this feels like.I swear one day I'll kill this lie
Great being on the panel with you today! Great stuff.
Don't let your body start slippin', your body start slippin' away. 'Cause you wanna go outside, wanna go outside & play. Eat healthy & move!
thanks for retweetin'
yep, will do!
RT : happy #ff to everybody! have a splendid...
It's north of 7mile
"He's Going to Take Me to a Hot Spring"
Ew. This girl loves my left overs ha. Funny, he can't pull girls and she can't pull guys haha.
I brought San Diego with me! reports: Record high NYC temp for Nov. 28 has been achieved: 70 degrees.
Soccer Time<3
No girls should say Yo or Son!
yeah she doesn't like the top
Agree when written word is beautiful, pure delight, right? U made my day w #FF appreciate beauty. enjoy ur run again and again
The game lasted longer than usual but who could put an end to the fun! Kareem had them calling the game for him -- & they brought cake too!
Back to this $$$ no more fun and games, I need to get out of this city!
As far as getting the word out, I'm just using my mouth and the phone. If I can talk to you we will be working together.
yah major bummer
yeah that's awesome
$4 Nude Vodka and Jeramiah Weed on Wednesday's
Brian mad LMAO
": Men are four times more likely to sleep in the nude than women."
Probably a Newfoundland actually
I know where were ya Heath?!
Will you retweet site 5. I've tried to clean up older tweets and accidentally clicked wrong ones. Is there a way to un-click?
I heard the Wrigley Field Rooftops are the best place to keep safe during Nato :)
interested in a local #leesburg author? has a new book coming out in november!
Thanks so much! Loved your kind comment on the post! :)
": Not going to be a backup plan for anyone . #sorryimnotsorry" omg emily stop!!
born n raised in Philly but a diehard #Steelers fan. Steeler Nation follow me - I'm kinda new here!
Hey - have you designed any mobile websites yet? If so, what screen resolution did you design for?
On days like this, I am thankful for my bike.
I know. "Learn more about 'trucks'".
oh cool!
yea! I just knew it!
RT : I am opposed to millionaires, but it would be dangerous to offer me the position. ~Mark Twain #quotes No opposition here!
tonight and a 31st!
When we tell the truth, the truth does the work. When we don't tell the truth, the imagination does the work.
All very well over here - looking forward to great line-up at the Sid - be seeing you?
Feeling a tad emotional after celebrating with A.
With discussing makeover event on 2/16 ! #can'twait
was the rhyme intended?
Thumbin threw the check!
I'm up early, but not responding to Twitter campaigns; YET this is what I love about data. It destroys hunches.
Well, at least the weather in Pittsburgh is nice this time of year, oh wait....
long time coming. Been waiting...
Gas can sink your trucking company if you aren't prepared.
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
I'm really excited about Adobe's Creative Cloud service that provides access to their entire suite of software. This is the future.
Can anyone understand John Force?
I'm soo glad this is my only day of class this week....mini vacay!!!
you and your daughter look really nice!!! Great pic..
Give the guy a break, he does one on one work with a Sun ever day.
I have seen birds in every zoo I've visited; A correct answer is far less important than a student's approach to the problem.
Baby fashion!
not yet, but soon!
Oh it's not even her birfday.
Gino Malkin's got the Hart Trophy wrapped up...but how do you leave Claude Giroux out of the 3 candidates? #flyers snubbed
ur such an inspirational artist(: i love ur music and im a big big fan(:Love ur #1 fan Angel Trivieri(: <3 <3
Private Midnight tour of The Capitol? Yes please!!!
park it like its hot yo
message me then
Thanks for defending on her getting the exclusive from President on marriage equality!
Nah, don't wanna look at him that way.. That's against the rules. -___-
Made me some yummy #Moussaka for dinner!
I <3 #PotteryBarnKids. I never knew that happened. Thanks Alyssa for the news. :) I like the crib that change into toddler bed
Dieting is evil. But what else can you do when it's a must?! Grrr
GALLERY OPENING/PARTY AT THE BOPPO! LOFT TONIGHT. MYRTLE X BROADWAY BUSHWICK BROOKLYN NYC.
Started off my Friday night with a run! Exercising to start the weekend feels so good:)
Loving that hash tag! We might just have to steal that... ;)
we have professionally trained carpet cleaners available every day of the week to ensure quick response and efficient. call now 866-970-2532
the Rocky Road flavor is the bomb!
#FF Or is it sharp elbows and a lovely tongue?
Spring break! Get to sleep in all week!
How about them Rangers, huh?
hey guys i need to go pick up my fake id chicka chicka yeh fake id fake id ha
Freedom comes through Truth and Sacrifice!Happy 4th of July! KatyPerry to be sued by SimonThunder 4 CopyrightInfringement news coverage soon
Thank you!!!!
Yes time for on
why didn't Jennings take that last shot???????
Saw #NeverSayNever last night. is a good kid and has a good head on his shoulders.
Going to bed with lollipops, completed grad project, no bench warrant for my arrest, and a phone
rose & kabobs, loose women in wheelchairs - now that's a Friday night!
Wow, grad school drama? Is this for real?
I'm really tired of this circular conversation.
where r u located?
One rep tells me I need to bring my iPhone back, another tells my wife there's an outage till 4pm. Gotta love #Sprint customer service.
Just realized Leake's ERA is at 6.00 because that is #firedusty's threshold of pain.
Keep Local Hardcore ALIVE!!
Are you kiddin' me? #Adam Levine has got to be smokin' somethin'! #The Voice
Donnie didn't come? I bet the place was packed.
Choose to be happy now! Happiness is not by chance, but by choice. -Jim Rohn
Had a great time today watching the Avengers and eating out with my friends. Thank you, Thor.
Heading to Palm Springs tonight. Nostalgic architecture, vintage furniture galore, and still feels like summer at 95 degrees!
Howard/DeepStorage is up on future architectures for Solid state storage...
Michelle Hairston is the new winner of the contest. Please send me a DM with your info. Congratulations!!
Do! I should have liked it more.Know that lurking feeling of insufficiency when you aren't enjoying something well-crafted?
Smalls Paradise ReCreated Reh now with Umar Hussan of The Last Poets, tomorrow night ! ! For the Harlem Jazz Shrines Fest!
I love her!!
Haaha best believe dat. RT : "got a bra on u head but don't call me a bra head"
It's like the Yankees winning the world series and trotting out 27 trophies.
ACTION ALERT UPDATE: City Council vote on Responsible Bidder ordinance tomorrow is POSTPONED. The demonstration will be rescheduled.
Special thanks to for making the trip and supporting our boys
trying to add you back on FB--can't!
HELLO TWITTER! Friendly Reminder- 2 for Tuesday at Opal Bar every Tuesday. Simple concept- pay for 1 drink get 2. Revelry ensues, repeat...
If you need more Rugby League tonight Leeds v Crusaders is on at 12.15 our time. Go Rhinos.
Love is so confusing, I wish I could just hate everyone equally, that would make my life so much easier, and less confusing.
Peachy. I have become friends with two young women. Not church related. Building relationships is the name of the game.
Yep, it's a great trick. 1/4 tsp should do it. And mix the pectin with 1/4 cup of the sugar you're going to use to stop clumping.
Black River Cafe in Port Huron
Sure! Hit me!
Does the Woody Allen analogy is apt? I've never attached in any way to his characters, but I do find him clever.
: Sushi Pizza with tuna, hamachi, salmon, avocado, jalapeno emulsion, eel sauce and tempura. Swimmingly delightful! A pescatarian dream.
who did your shots!
Saw it in OKC. Was fantastic.
Just choreographed my SHORTS solo on the side of a dunkin donut bag while driving. Is an organic process
You loving for me makes me wanna go bananas💏
haha i was so tired! hey
Dark Souls for PC in August. I feel it will be one of those games I really want to play but will be really bad at.
Way down under "specialized search" @ the bottom of the "even more" page. Maybe too few users? Hope it sticks around.
Woke up this morning(Thank you Lord) feeling like a million bucks. Off to da gym
Maybe everyone loves it from watching it everytime they can, doll. That's awesome, right?
WHY!!! Why? And living up in Wolves country SUCKS to hear their perspective =( WHY!!!!
One week from today we'll be in Ocala stage diving with our friends. Where will you be? Ocala is the correct answer
yes that coffee will keep you up!! Lol
Straight up ShoutOut to !!!!
hey Dan, when I was a kid I didn't have any male friends. Because of relentless bullying & torment. But now I'm speaking out...
thanks for following! What are you working on this week? I'm making introductions to help people get where they want to go!
Hey students- House GOP tries again to slash Pell Grants, so vital to your continued college education. Tell your reps NO!
Didn't mention Mac Miller in my Sunday plans. But he's in there. Who else would I be working out to?!
As one would expect from a beer publication party, it was amazing!! Packed restaurant sold 8 kegs worth of Hess and Coronado Brewery beer.
Apparently, the Kentucky Derby is kind of a big deal.
Hey Warner Brothers, not EVERY movie needs to be shot in 3D, ie Clash of the Titans.
That was an absolute BOMB by Bruce!
You know you're a marketer when... you get super excited over good #email open rates and conversions.
Audre Lorde~ Revolution is not a onetime event.
is it working?
Is TNT using exterior shots of OKC? Am I seeing things?
I use to want u and her<--and her-->and her--> but now all I want is you O_o
#BBCSixNations Toby Flood is rocking my world right now
but im too pissed too watch it
Do all metro Detroit car chases end in Ferndale!?
Where the hell did Brazil come from? lol. I also just learned that Brazil is sneaky.
Pink slips should follow
Light is a good thing, made by God. Genesis 1:1-5
I miss you </3
sure hope not, 'you get what you give.' I know more quality successful people than the mean, the culture I am part of!
Im just a young'in on that dream chase
Thank you, Janna Shay! You're so kind.
Thanks Spread the word Rock N Roll is here to Stay Specyphi
what!? I haven't heard about this!
we give felons a bus token, strip them of all their rights, and are surprised when 2/3 end up back in prison within 3 years
Can't sleep yet
Yuh Try Do Somethin Nice And People Take That To There Advantage.. Dunt Piss Me Off!.
What do you consider your inspiration?
In need of some plans tonight? Head out to Fourth Street Patio for $2 Coronas & Dos Equis all night long!
My professor is the DP for the doc about the #levitatedmass - anyone there? Tell him I said hi! (His name is Chris)
Just came from ABC's upfront presentation. Always relatively generic, but they actually splurged on including some talent.
Which Singer-Actress Is Wearing a Green Screen as a Dress? Actors say it can be tough working in front of a green screen —nothing to re
Everyone follow #TeamCM he just performed his new track !
Oh how much right now, we wish we were right now...
r u at work
Headed to the #wboc12 support as Youngsong presents on Globalization!
Tip: Book your reception site/ hall as soon as possible, ideally within several weeks after getting engaged and selecting your wedding date.
yeah, I'm in turtle rock... Are you in irvine too?
hell yeah!!!!!! I got me my 1st #twitterboo #follow her now! but only to a certain extent lol :)
Sports News: KOIN Local 6 News St Louis Manager Tony La Russa retiring after winning World Series
I am an NC state head. So was rooting for Russel Wilson and Wisconsin. Bo lol
Protein at breakfast can boost your energy for the next few hours.
Mardi Gras is on Tuesday, February 12, 2013. You should go ahead and put in your day off. So It's approved in time.
i want a boyfriend . im sorry but single life sucks for me.
I luuuuuurve aftra events! Nice way to spend a Saturday afternoon...
I love the hustle and bustle of city life...but nothing beats how small u feel out in the country on a clear night.
my parents started when they were younger than us, so... unlikely.
*BREAKING NEWS*! You heard it here first! #PDXCSTS 2012 will be on June 23rd at McMenamin's Bagdad Theater! Details & tix coming soon!
10 bucks. Hope to see ya!!
#WhyDoIAlways replay conversations in my head and think of what I should have said instead
"put your phone away!" "NO wait!"
the about section says developed and maintained by linguistics professors and graduate students
I miss the summer chillin with u and all the others!
My Nittany Lions looked bad today
Kinda excited about the new #USPS Regional C boxes and Express Mail flat rate boxes. Is that weird??
Nap-time w/my boo while #Martin is in the background . Trying not to watch it. Peace out!
me too buddy had AA<65dd aip for 1/2 my stack & then AK<JJ - saw you but I was steaming a bit - RT: busted choctaw weekly
cray cray people. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
I wonder if Papi's pissed a little on the inside that it took him this long into his career to figure out lefties...
Anyone working this week? Quiet week around our office, but excited for 2012!
Yo Momma is so ugly that she scares blind people!!!!
Thanks for lunch today fellers! Get me your shirt size & i'll drop some off next time in
Don't forget, 'Shaken, Not Stirred' martini auction and cocktail benefit for the ABQ Art Museum. Starts @ 7pm @ the Art museum in Old Town.
Gas is ridiculous...thanks Obama.
Just go to some chicken coop and get some.
Mac Daddy Soprano
hey crazy neighbor. It's too late to be playing the Euphonium!
Thanks for the RT. It's going to be a great event!
What my brain should be thinking: Thesis! Group projects! What is thinking: Haircuts! Cadbury eggs! Puppies!
LF bleachers at AT&T Park remind me of County Stadium. Seats right down to the field. Loud active crowd. Giving Morgan an constant earful.
We have the perfect thing to cool you off from these hot days Gino's Italian Ices 2 Scoop $2.50 or a whole pint for $5.75!
#Cats lack a true collarbone and so are able to squeeze through any space they can get their heads through.
What a great start to my first #packers game!
Alas, tis not Friday. It is kick ass Thursday though. Could be fun!
some do.
Just heard from a college teacher friend on Facebook that she is using Google+ in the classroom.
S/O to the fam over at Sacred Apparel and Awesome ministries
hahaha, if only I were THAT cool!!
I don't wanna get up.
Watching Wolf Blitzer toss Rick Perry softballs. Huntsman and Romney are batting clean up.
Cool. So I need a place to stay. Preferably in Portland.
Also lots of green "Save Vista Grande" signs
There is no love sincerer than the love of food.
yeah. But our perception of it is surely shaped by what we've experienced in life. No two people see life the same.
you talked to him?!
The only "proof" is those damn newsletters. It's not like he went to a racist church and tolerated its policies. :)
Stephanie, coming to AERA?
Eric Says: oh no, my wall. A horrible diet dr. pepper stain.
YOU MUST BE OUTTA YO DAMD MIND!
Thanks for the retweet!
. This is a wonderful innovative incentive. Will you consider taking any classes?
well....you're going to get girls...
have you plugged into my smartp. Will definitely chat soon. ill definitely call you when funds are raised and things are a go.
I realized why I cant make friends at school, cuz ppl try to be my friend and I ignore them
Welcome to Twitter ! I hope this is legit...
New followers thanks for your interest, check out www.facebook.com/keilstudios!
I think I'm legit losing my voice.. Not hitting any of the notes in ave verum corpus aghhhh
not at all!
I look at my desk and think "I need more space" and then I realize how much space is filled with paper I should file and change my mind....
that's why i gotta get my head up & move forward
perfecto! I will see you then! :D
wait when did this happen..?
The Modern Jazz Radio Show ed. #98 tonight 8-10pm. www.Jazzon2.org. Playlist & audio posted after 10pm on www.tomtallitschblog.com
thanks for picking up one of our classics!
My mom wants me to break up w/ she says I need to start seeing other bands! lol
Ha, thanks. I made like 2 more, but Im not gonna ask u to read them :) You've already been kind enought to read 2 ♥ ♥Bretana♥
We know every1 in NYC will be doing a tribute tonight to Adam MCA Yauch do you have a good set ready?
Breaking News: After a talk w/ HER daughter, Sarah Palin supports the nomination of Scooby Doo for US Attorney General; opposing Dora.
Onto a happier subject! :)
Greetings Ms. Ifill! I would love to contact you via email. Is there a #PBS email address that would be best? Thank you!
imah go back home, sit outside, && listen to music.(: #beautifulfreakingday!<3
Thank you so much Ron!!
I love WOMEN!!
Is anything I'm doin' brand new..
So cool that you supply IDs for BC... Makes finding things that much eaiser :)
R U KIDDING ME???
Whole Foods has BOGO on blueberries today. I think I went a bit overboard. To the freezer they go.
thanks for the #FF our #foodie friend!
: Maybe. But not initially. Ideally I'd meet up with my team at our spot and head for the suburbs or a stockpiled boat.
Who says: "Welcome back Jack, to the house of addiction."
The SAME thing happens to me ..
Judge Wolf expects defense to finish before -- possibly "well before" -- June 18 estimate for end of trial.
Thanks for the #FF! Wishing you a great weekend too!
Love always remains
Carmeggedon seems to be causing more of a stir than The Rapture.
If your planning on shopping tomorrow, remember who to support. We encourage you to shop small business,
okay ??? If someone came at me like that it would not be cute... Tami talks shit all the.fucken time... I won medina Lol
i love cody
We will never forget bro!
Im starving.
lol no, considering that she wins.
Ready to make that real money
The peep show
Unfollow this page it got hackedd follow my new one
It looks like I might be getting unemployment benefits, but I still need somewhere to go.
Uh u mean my old account it has 44
started the morning with Space Mountain 2x, Nemo, Autopia, AstroBlasters, Indiana Jones, ate a huge turkey leg, then hangin' at pool...
I am because I listen to your music its made a huge impact on my life
is she serious? the #carbphobia really needs to stop.
I'm definitely going to be there! Let me know what I can do to help.
Congratulations to the Cards.
The buying local thing: if buying fruit from China, say, is unsustainable, won't that be reflected in the price soon enough?
So is like being famous on YouTube different than being famous as recording artist! Hm
Got kinect game time in. Realized my sis sucks at dancing & my ass is 2big 4playing 'Hole n the Wall' not made 4 ethnic booty.
haha mmhmmm he sure is ;) i hope he does well, too!
Running Late For My Studio Session!!
hater move
Missing #Jacksonblue weekday mornings! The morning show isn't the same.
good seeing you too, hope you're feeling better
RT : The feeling of a long putt hitting the bottom of the cup.
Means, you can't just launch the puck down ice to get out of trouble. Must be past center ice to dump it in.
Why do YOU use the "N" word Ni**a/Ni**er? What about the suffering and death of our ANCESTORS under the WORD Ni**a/Ni**er?
golf tees cheap
anything for you beautiful 😊
I know I didn't pay for them. & I did I can't help make up breaks. Why do you think I tried and cleaned them?
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck is at Curbside Cuisine, Talin Market for a Food Truck Rodeo. Multiple Trucks soon to arrive.
Thanks for the follow! Can I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, plays published at Indie Theater Now
On my way to reboot the wifi flowers in International Ballroom Center at
as a matter of fact I am enjoying it a lot... i love Jaye! What's after this one?
Getting things ready for #SXSW Austin, are you ready??!
oh never mind just saw your other message is that the Haole one or the Filipino ?
it aint been a time that i worried moe,
Being today made me realize they are the unique retailer that makes you fantasize about downsizing.
Late #FF to new followers and couldn't follow b/c of limits! Damn limits
#Pl300 is my middle name bitches! ;D
Sitting in a room of people being totally distracted while planning wyldlife
Breathe.Meditate.Rejuvenate
I've been trying to start my philosophy homework for the past hour. -_-
Who thinks I should make a YouTube Channel of me drumming? Yes? No? Tell me what you think!
Olay Regenerist Daily Regenerating Serum, Concentrated :O clinical tests
Put it like this.. Kevin Durant is 10x the player of Gallinari and Westbrook is 5x the player that Lawson is.
"We'll be closing at 6 today in honor of Christmas." Seriously, Starbucks? That's how we live, Target? Let your people go home!
Someone shoot me
It did concern me that I knew the answer to that question.
what city are you in?
Does listening to Stevie Nicks on youtube count?
IT'S PRETTY OBVIOUS THAT THESE ARE LA REFS
4 more days till #fameatthemansion event hosted by join us!
it's early as all hell..
“: Spring Forward Vol. II comes out tomorrow. All unreleased material this go-round. :-)” Title track of our new EP on here!
Far away from all this negativity, I will try my hardest. I will.
hey I miss Alex today, what do you think he's doing? Weekend was not long enough!
Think nations because the gift inside of you is that big. Millions are waiting for your gift!
S/O and ! Down here at Teen Icon, front and center scouting this next generation!!!
Anyone else having issues with their fan page? Mine has been giving me issues the last day or two.
thank you:)
eminem has the best lyrics #reallymeans all this cracker talks about is his ex wife, his daught haley, his trailor trash mom, and 8 mile
Do it! We got one in Milwaukee and we cheer louder than the Packer fans. They just glower @ us over their cheeses.
sounds like a good time.
RT : Amer Cancer Society recommended prostate cancer screening w/o evidence it saved lives, admits.
Man I need some new vans
Ah sirens are goin off. Lol wth it's not even bad out and it's not the first Wednesday.
I might be having a bad day, but im not going to broadcast it to people so they feel bad for me.
I love it when people are like "well first of all" and then don't have a "second of all" u don't need a numerical list for one point.
not in a good mood
Tami went a lil to far
I ALLEY OOP UR BITCH OFF THAT BACKBOARD SHE THROW IT BACK, I SLAM DUNK IN THAT PUSSY, BLAKE GRIFFIN YO HOE NIGGUH!!!
I really don't know why spiders like to bite me in my sleep.
I never said I thought.. If you know what I mean haha
Thank you Amazon. Mama needs a new pair of shoes!
I got a small circle, I'm not with different crews
#Gaddafi #Libya #feb17 Congratulations to all you brave FFs who hunted down the dic. Congratulations Mohammed for killing that bastard.
You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?” ― Rumi
I am way too trusting to be on twitter on April Fool's Day.
Thanks for the shoutout! Can we visit you in studio this week?
I've done something like this: I asked students (on a final exam) to reorder the same texts in a different way
oh i am.
Catch the last hour - Global Wine Tasting: 6pm - 9pm at Casa Del Mara in Lake Worth
Believe you can and you're halfway there. ~ Theodore Roosevelt
Jerk Rubbed Piggy Coming Out of the Box!
Dang migraine knocked me out.
LePage "life is learning"
still thinking about bob dylan, welder
Delaware penalty to Ryan Sterrett, 2 for hooking. Lindenwood to the PP
Hey Ross😁
horizontal scroll in terminal would be nice
Good morning!
Ah. Thank you! RT : it was the coalition of motorcyclists at the Marriott :)
In fairness, all 3 of LA's DPs recovering from injury and Beckham plays with broken back. Bravo said he was 100 percent.
I just reorganized my closet,cleaned the entire bathroom,did everyones laundry folded all the laundry,did the dishes & vaccumed every room:)
Good morning!
We will pass the suggestion to our car2go fleet manager! RT will u ever put bike racks on ur smart cars?
Whoo can spike a volleyball harder u or
My mom doesnt know how to use her phone yet and just accidentally called me five times, lol
I am stupidity... Hands 👇👇 lol
not saying nothing nothing at all alex and tara
Nice job! If you need any help let us know.
I've got a final at 4:30. I think 3pm could work.
Not answering your phone is also an option.
Just saw the International Space Station program mgr at Ava's gymnastics school. Huh.
Shining how we want. Brighter than the sun.
Yes! I also think anarchy is how middle class kids to get back at Mom & Dad for not watching them play infield that one time.
have a safe flight today! I had a dream about u doing a ustream while moving in last night. Lol
“: The Human Centipede was kinda lame. Not as disgusting as I was expecting.” Needs more cuttlefish
Lord, when I die please don't let me become one of those pictures that everyone shares on Facebook
From my back-row view this morning, Brewster Khale looked like Bernie Madoff.
- I could be converted to twitter as a way of connecting to relevant information. It's a brave new world....
Missouri where the men are men and the sheep are nervous
Yes. I only have two of those things hahaha RT : All I'm looking for is good credit lol house car job is that to much
SINCE MY TWEET IS IN CAPS AND YOU SAID YOU NOTICE CAPS, WILL YOU NOTICE ME FOR ONCE? IF NOT, I WILL STILL LOVE YOU <33333
I'm gonna actually tweet tweet tweet all damn day
I really need someone to text... >_<
Damn...I bet you did!!!! That pole ain't ready for you..lol
Tighten up From
#Thethingis you claim to to be str8 , but like to take it in the ass?
I hate mondayyssss
Tonight We are Young! So I set the world on fire, We could go brighter than the sun!<3
i need to stop caring for some things..its just a waste of energy
Let's make up a fake Facebook, no picture nothing.. I remember when I was in high school
RT I love how GOD uses the lives of ppl judged unworthy by the "super saved" 2 accomplish what their arrogant religion couldn't.
LMAO we have to! It will never get old!
#taiwan bound! w/ heading to the Spring Scream festival and touring the whole island
Because I was really confused about what Obama thought about gay marriage.
Welcome , our 1,000th follower! Your username is fortuitous!
Friends always puts me in a great mood.
"To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing." - Elbert Hubbard | via
Finished #reading Blue Shadows Farm by Jerry Apps this morning. Pretty good!
freaking mad right now >:< i went from happy to mad in a sec.
perfect i leave tomorrow
Integrating mobile devices into the classroom is meeting the Ss where they are at & turning a distraction into a learning tool.
A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many bad measures. -Daniel Webster.
have you ever tried doing that in real life? It sucks because it's like a water seesaw
Oh I will!
No school tomorrow! finally a day off!
2,3,4 in ERA in kanawha valley all from the same team..
That storm was scary..😖😁
Johnny's Selected Seeds Uses Experian QAS Software to Enhance Online Data Quality - MarketWatch (press release)
cool...my pleasure
I give up is never gonna notice me on twitter , Facebook or YouTube . #iloveyouJustin <333
also the new MPC line will be available next month and the MPC Studio will be priced right around 4-5 Hundy. So I'd wait.
Of course its Vintage KG!
excited about fall editions! still love my Folio Society books, look stunning and read beautifully!
2011 is dead, long live 2012!
I <3 the women !
if you insist lol
It appears the submission form for the paper isn't working...
Shouldn't ESPN switch to show the end of this game like they do for no-hitters?
stop looking for him !!! he said stop stalking him. or he'll call the police.. (even though his moms a cop...)
Moaning dog outside and the loudest frogs...shut it! can't here the t.v.
I haven't slept this late in forever. Wow
It's a recipe for disaster when your country has an obesity epidemic and a skinny jean fad.
Oh good, lyrics to latest chorus song are super Jesus-y. My favorite.
Consider...1: Find out WHEN projects r due. 2. Make time to VISIT while kids r in action. 3. Ask if u may view final works.
What fields do we need the most new scientists? Do we aim for our biggest challenges or our biggest strengths?
One should not exaggerate the importance of trifles. Life, for instance, is much too short to be taken seriously.-Nicolas Bentley
you have to be the chillest pothead to not rage at CoD.
u aint following so I can't sorry hun.
The movie City of Joy contains a beautiful prayer: "Thank you for allowing me to be of assistance."
Writing past 2am...pushing past the pain of writer's block sounds a lot like Ray Charles' Georgia On My Mind...and looks a lot like love...
Starting a new book by Bill Perkins titled "When Good Men Get Angry" - I'll keep you posted on how it goes.
When's the last time you played flipcups? Post with and we might send you something free!
I know!
Check out the paintings of Anne Marchand Booth 1119!
LoL can ya believe the kegs got switched? Yep that means back to Blues City retrieve 1 return other....at least its all on ny way.
Have you had our Fried Chicken yet? Well, it's only available on Wednesdays and it's awesome!!
so what u sayin isSOME women hoes and SOME women bitches....got u....good lookin out
Big S/O to #FreeWorldMuzic #cokeboys tune in and check out husband or wife remix ft video coming soon ya dig lego
It IS worth the fight to protect intellectual freedom and we have to be willing to fight for it!
Every climb to the top is fraught with danger. There are those who will try to knock you off balance. Leave them behind and move forward.
I feel like I haven't seen you in ages
Every time I drive back to Portland from the coast, I feel like turning around.
#Philadelphia, here I come!
Asked to define a Conservative, most Floridian Republican voters gave the same answer: "We're very conservative with our pigment."
Keep it Clean Karpets has a goal, it is to satisfy our customer with our work offering many kinds of services.
Prolific? "I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." - Puff Daddy
It caches the images so it can run offline once. Yay!
@ the gym
Its to cold in the building :/
I'm getting through Week 3. Keep it up make sure to stick with the diet!
RT : Would love to head to w/ a Lions win. They need to step up that D like a fleet of #Ford F-350 Diesels!
Shut up
now that is just un-amurrican
Hhhaaaate this homework. Il study for my exams if i get two followers by saturday;)
Tickets are on sale now at www.woodfishmusic.com/shows Woodfish @ The Rootstock Festival 2011 @ CB Huntington's - ALL AGES
sadly, so, so true!!
. RT : A cat! It’s the most curious thing I ever saw in my life! My god. Where did you get this?
I miss the Coke polar bear!
yup!! Recycled his character
Me! Omg I can't wait! August seems far away to me :p VIP ^-^
What dates will you be at the wsop?
Playing xbox by you self is boreing...beating the computer is boreing to..xbox live is the bomb..you can play the world..
ouch! Skip that sh!t nigga we bout to be multi-millionaires anyway
Have fun! Learn a lot!
Thanks for the mention, Rachael!
Have a great weekend! Value your family and make it special. Each day truly is a gift!
Live for the Moment, not the Memory
oishi! Cool, will make a point to watch it this weekend.
id prefer OKC beat LA lol. I hate LA. As far as actual thunder, it scares me lol.
Liar? "I've got to take a break, to be honest. I'm not even going to lie. " - Puff Daddy
Amber Alert has been canceled and the boys have been found!
I decree that Daft Punk shall score every movie from now on.
exactly. It wasn't even that big of a deal. Your making it way bigger then it actually is.
lol I just have lots of shows I really really like :P
Congrats! They site looks great! and the search is super fast. How did you implement the search?
so www.icloud.com is live & you can sign in. I look forward to it functioning fully. Question is, will it be by the end of the day?
Changing my prospective for the new year...how about you
move your cute little ass and finally follow me ♥ ! Happy New year , best wishes for u and your fam . I LOVE YOU !
its clear that he's mines too.
Good morning everyone. I hope everyone has a great day.
I just purchased water, beef jerky, trail mix, batteries, paper-based porn
my mom is insisting my nose is broken lol
They had great lyrics!! RT : dc Talk :P RT “: what band did you grow up listening to? I'll RT if we like them too”
Done. : are you STILL talking about the #brewers in the kitchen ? you've been there for like 10 mins now
Good morning!
What is your opinion of this theory? I'm no conspiracy theorist, but it was on my mind when I heard the news.
RT : The difference between US Soccer and the rest of the world? "He's only 23." vs "He's already 23."
No #ChrisBosh tonight for the #Heat give the guy some slack, it's a long flight back from Pluto!
oh shit can't wait!!!
you have a Pandora station!! Needless to say, i will be listening to it for the next hour!
girls have an unfair advantage over men : if they can’t get what they want by being smart , they can get it by being dumb <3
Picked up a Nike+ Sport Watch today. Going to do side by side comparisons of Adidas MiCoach, Fitbit, & Run Keeper combo that I've been using
aye who let the white boy in??
Ugh! The Ravens lose. Newt is soaring in the polls. 2Live Crew is reuniting. Maybe the Mayans were right about 2012.
Blowing your nose while sitting on the toilet can be liberating- or painful.
Part 2 of Antiques Roadshow from Mpls. Will I see anyone / anything I know tonight?
can't wait til Friday!
Fishstick is a bum - glad they shipped him. He like 40? and gets lit up nightly ...
Ash's producer was killed by a drunk driver last night. He was one in a million~
watching The Ellen Show right now! I fucking love her. ;)
Yellow Dog Recruiting has a yellow lab mascot AND uses YouTube for elevator pitch. Does it get any better?
the way I talk with my retainers <
thanks for the follow! Events rule. Looking forward to your tweets.
This weather 👀
Yeah. Pretty much.
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! ! !!!!!!
HEY GUISE!
Pope says Jews aren't responsible for killing Jesus. World doesn't know who to hate anymore.
Like a boss bitches.
are you watching the U.S. Finland game?
I approve:)
It's time to share with us! Where do you guys find your biggest inspiration in dance?
I tried to respond to your message, but since you are not following me I can't reply!
S/O to everybody on #TeamHomebody. Ain't nothing wrong with staying in the house on the weekends. That's when the best movies come on....
happy new year everyone
It's criminal he's convinced mgmt & listeners to still have a gig, he's delusional, doesn't follow sports, & awful in general
You guys have tabletop shabu? awesome!
Isn't it funny how people constantly state how much class they have when fact is they have none! #stayclassy 👍 #onlyfoolingyourself 💩
YOU ARE A LOSER!!! It's great watching your face get busted up!
lol going to see grandpa yayayayayay
We're gleeking out, too, that Chris Colfer will be at #ala12 :)
Lovin' this wonderful weather !!
i swear niggas be eyeing me all hard.
Haha I did that last summer. Netflix has em all!
RT : to give out reusable bags tomorrow at noon. Stop by 20910 Frederick Road, Germantown,
My mom wanted me to invite the 'straight' boy who flirted with me at the Christmas party xD
how'd the chi town airport treat ya? We're you at midway or ohare?
How long have you been doing the P90X and how much weight have you lost with it? Are you faithful to it?
People like Karl Lagerfeld make me sick. There is no excuse for why he should call Adele, or anyone else, fat.
(kahne does acknowledge potential for Problematic Representation inherent to 'Real Lives'; definitely makes me nervous!)
#LikeBaby we dont want the video to be taken off by haters >.<
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there. Enjoy every minute of it!!
thanks so much! Always love being on your show!
And now I am slowly becoming blind from your tear gas scented perfume, it's making it worse.
Watching the #lakers game while on pain killers is such an interesting experience haha!
left me alone tripping and shit!
what did Green Bay give up to move back into the 5th
You are talking to nerds about going outside?
AND NOW THIS SONG FUCKIN COMES ON.....
Driving a rental #chrysler. Imagining clint eastwood in the back seat.
lmaoo. some people in class were acting like toddlers tho. xD & WMYB just came on. :b
i watch jersey shore all the time
I hear ya! I nearly fell asleep reading your tweet. LMAO!!!
UFC FIGHT NIGHT! come be part of the action. giving away a trip for 2 to New Orleans! All expenses #UFC # phoenix
Waking up in ur bedroom, but u remember falling asleep in the front room...
do you get a lapel pin too?
So excited to be with all you Clever Girls!! :) Happy New Year!!
yo when is this all going down?
The question is: When someone wins this lotto, will they use any of the money to help or donate?
there's a chuy's in the Hoosier state!
Will the Lakers beat the SuperSonics tonight?
Hey I rooted too.. Beer me!
don't work too hard..lol
how cute! You look like 80s Prom Barbie
I'll check both of them out. Last night I as given the Night Before Christmas poem. Very festive.
Hate going to bed when it's still lite up outside.
Well.... That's weird. Hopefully she at least looks good haha
lol u never know
we need to catch up sometime
are you ready, I said are you ready....
I'm am having a sweet baby boy! :D
some of the stuff the 99 cent store cells are the shit, Ohkay? so don't judge ✌
recently witnessed a judge appoint a complete stranger as the guardian of a man in his 40s. Put YOUR wishes writing, just in case!!!!
You are one of the most prettiest girls ever! I don't know you personally , but I can tell by your atitude you are super sweet!<3
You can sell anything.
The KFC across from Columbia's 623 S Wabash has been replaced by a locally owned art supply store. Much happier and better for the world!
ma-ma-ma-mama said
Let's talk #fashion. What is the one thing you can't leave the house without?
Did you? Ohmygod. I just saw it Lol. Most weren't very amazing pictures of me hahah(;
I love multi-age programming. My daughter's school does this in class work, too. 5th graders mentor KGN students.
sorry this is late, but no we are not.
yeah I hate sitting here and Nobody texts me but when I'm doing something I actually get texts
Thanks so much Dylan:-)
Im sorry but i really think American Idol is going downhill..
This is a good speech! I think he might make John Boehner cry!
Had an interview yesterday with Spagnola & Associates. Nice small multi-disciplinary studio.
sorry for the loss of your friend :-(
Whoah. The new avatar is intense.
I could go for that. :)
hey hey :) I am hungry, thinking a trip to mcdonalds shall fix that? Join me?
Playing BLACKOUT bingo now -- Julia is calling -- Dave is having some reel fun selling fishing gear -- all community, all the time ('til 7)
want to do something today
put together a good move!
#MaraMonday Most Inspirational Moment was meeting you<3 Now im more dedicated ICONiac then i ever was before(: thank you!!
RINA. MY JEGGINGS FROM DREAM OUT LOUD FIT ME. OMFG. THEY FIT ME. OMGOMGOMG. THEY'RE FROM FOREVER AGO. AAAAHHHHHH.
aww you 2 make me happy! :') x
my mentions are dead -.-'
To qualify for a race, you need to average 60 mph driving two laps around a 1-mile long track.
I just wanna ride in my ride wit tha top dwn..Nd smoke weed wit my niggas!
Hey #nola fashion lovers! Get thee to Bubbles & Baubles party starting now! Champagne & 15% off!
RT : Apparently Rush Limbaugh has described Romney as "Richard Nixon II". Looking for confirmation of that.
Chris Kreider get ready to chase that cup kid
I do believe that it is nap time. Been a long week.
A police pursuit led to a serious accident in Chelsea Friday morning.
lol where are you? Im in the right side.. And that suck ahah
I can't wait til i get enough money to fix my car so I don't have to share cars with her
Fuck love? No. Fuck the person who made you think like that.
If you can't avg. 8p 6r 3a in 10-12 min. Y are u even in the league. It's BS!!
follow back please?
PUT YO SELF IN CHECK B4 U TRY TOO CHECK THE NEXT
It feels so good to be at this lions game watching the rip the chargers in half like this. We goin to the playoffs baby!!!
"This is not a matter for polite presumptions; we must look facts in the face" Oliver Wendell Holmes
Headed to San Francisco for a few days to make some business. Looking forward to the rdu/sfo direct flight this summer.
Agreed. Saw them a few days ago. Extremely clean.
NONFICTION: TWILIGHT OF THE ELITES: AMERICA AFTER MERITOCRACY by Chris Hayes. Very interesting political nonfiction. ok, I'm biased.
Trustee meeting went well this evening as we ended 2011 n the black.Black really is beautiful. Now it's the Deacons then on 2the Church Conf
I'll make the same reservation as last time.
EfS Standard A. Cultural Preservation & Transformation - Discern w/ others what to preserve and change so that future generations may thrive
isn't your twin brother? :O
Only a few more days until #FoodDay! We've already got books & movies by Michael Pollan, Morgan Spurlock, and many more on display.
Watching Dexterr :) Season 2! Haha :) it was a good week :D
one of the greatest joys in life is having ones hair brushed
You guys got one on my #SFGiants yesterday.
nice meeting you!
I am doing me.
yeah he does! He even admitted it and his cousin said he's a "fan" that's why he's using it
When darkness comes upon you and covers you with fear and shame, be still and know that I'm with you.
Oh man! I'm not exactly sure what you're making, but it looks awesome!
hope your doing fine after the death of your friend Clarence Clemons
run then LAX to get ate melissa
Cinnamon graham crackers, milk and extended version of LOTR- Fellowship of the ring
I am designing a new To-Do list schema.
i think u should be disney chanels N.B.T!(: that would be kool!
Good morning Sam!! Have a great #TGIF!
Why play songs on the radio that u gotta bleep every other word out! I can't enjoy the song!
or...marry a chic that's pregnant with another dude's baby?
