But I guess things change when you start hanging out with different people and become a typical douche bag...
Ha! That little whippersnapper needs to shut his mouth!
it's true, the heat are soft and flop all the time Vogel is right, wade just fell down reading this
pink dolphin? .... Oh my. Austin I love you.
Thanks - hope you have a marvelous week :-)
i miss my baby girl!!
I'm opening a bottle of wine and drinking the whole thing
The letter that I got from today was awesome
"same ones who be talking dirty about me,be the same ones who hiding and buying my albums"... Lil Kim
You're never alone with us! How was everything? RT : Having dinner alone.
Did U select ur TWITTER NAME 2 reflect your #GOP agenda&policies= Rob Way= #GOP Rob from Americans 2 get their Way!
- thanks for the follow!
im so confused! :')
2nite kicks off #rtbguesthost week.Brittany Tucker will be keeping 's chair warm talking w/ Jennifer Nelson
"Music is my life" - but don't let the business of show frustrate you!
Ha! But of course. What’s your amazing news?
damn the lakers cant take getting ran at all
There will several screenings every day starting on the 7th. The future depends on people like you.
yea, don't forget.
Being bored and tired is a bad combination!
My block stay hot.!
Tonight I am 'officially' a producer. I just got a packet of headshots and resumes at nbc/universal showcase
wat it dew
Today's break tweet is about the horrible tend of re-makes. I dislike them. I am no longer watching them be they Film or TV. (1/2)
Thank God for unions!
Anyone know when the 2010 Packers "americas game" will be on next.
ATTENTION PLEASE follow
Damn I got on the bus and didn't think twice. I wanted this so bad so I went and got it.
how old is Quincy Acy? dude looks #GregOden old... love the beard though.
Jus Because She Wifed Up Dont Mean She Can't Be Snatched
Sometimes I wonder if I'm someone's "dream girl"...
.. #gameplan revisions are always a must ..
Loving this simple caprese salad recipe from --
cool if a local band comes down and brings you their ep tonight? Wink nudge.
hopefully the weather improves for you. Austin rocks! I'm outta here soon ...
If I don't remember signing up for your email list and your blast is hideous, I'm not coming to your theater.
i bet you did smh but its all good though i'll get my revenge
Who washes dishes at530 am you ask....... a fuck nigga.
hope a new job on my horizon works out so I can give my new parent company minimal notice. Any recomendations 4 cleaners? Hair too. Thanks
may have ordered the #BinLaden kill, but his record re fighting #terrorism has been atrocious. #gop RT
Yay! We knew it! Mr. Lessmore it is!
Old dog, new pranks.
And while we're talking scheduling let's first look at it from the teacher's point of view regarding prep & prof learning
Being from #Alabama it warms my heart to see Alabama & #Auburn fans come together for common good #BoBikesBama #tornado victims
#CBS Boehner to reporters: when asked if leadership was quashing Issa attempt to hold Holder in contempt, he wdn't take contempt off table.
haha I would have loved to see that final 👍👠💃👏
Nabi: There are clearly people on both sides of the fence. There is no middle ground. Let's find something more appropriate.
I haven't sent you any messages until now. I would never tweet anything negative or vulgar.
Why does google translater amuse me?
when you see your friend from the gym again, will you please tell him I say hello :) clearly him and I go way back
Neat idea. I could do any month except July. My summer camp with the diabetic kids comes first then. It's my brain vacation :)
funny. Right now I don't even think I have $4 in my pocket..if I win the lottery I'll pay the whole thing
Me: "Have you heard the "no, me neither" joke? Friend: "No" Me: "me neither" Friend: ( .____.) LOOOOL
is Facebook and LinkedIn combined.. It looks 100% identical.
Jordis Unga definitely my favorite on #TheVoice girls got power in her voice!!
Don't worry; I'm sure that all of the Phish bootlegs will still be there for you to download when you're done.
At The Hidden Studio in H-Wood laying down tracks for my new EP! Also, catch me performing at BMI's Acoustic Lounge May 2nd @ Genghis Cohen!
Thank you for your support! ": watching ! you guys are leggit ;D"
Goodmorning<3 have any good dreams? :)
In the Canby area? Come by Raceway Car wash @ 851 SW 1st St. (Hwy 99 between Taco Bell & Burgerville!) All new equipment & chemicals!
Give a follow this morning and bid her farewell as it will be her last morning on
so pretty!
So glad to hear that you got a galley of GLASS!
Even tho women change.. I will always love dimes
LETS GO RED SOX!
WHAT BANDS?! if you say big time rush we can't be friends.
ikr, just been caught up!
Can't wait for the High School Youth Conservatory to start on Aug. 1.
sorry for not being sorry that I'm crowding your mind.. Maybe you should stop thinking of me
congrats to and for willing social media award. Hard to tweet with trophy in 1 hand (via )
omg forever jealous of you!! Lucky:)
Come to Bedford, our weather is bipolar!
high five
😃 you rock! Thank you oh so very much!
You bet! Just announced today
omg Colleen hahaha. Men's jean shorts = JORTS
I wonder if it'll be too hot for a hoodie
have you filled out a bracket?
Great question. RT : How has reading a live-tweeted program been meaningful for you?
If you're too nice people will walk all over you and if you're too ignorant people will want nothing to do with you.
feeling good about tonight? What are the chances of being back in Salem for two national championship games in 4 months?
Hughes! Bone
Sure, but our schools never banned nuts. The article is about current young people whining. Gen X has been there, done that.
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow I'll bite before I bark. Whatever that means.
you know it! Behave yourself this weekend!
Stay connected to what is happening at Summa Institute by becoming a fan on facebook.
SKC meant well but this 90-plus minute stand with nothing to view is stupid
Guess who's coming to San Diego...? Ashley Judd! She's the keynote for the YWCA's In the Company of Women event, April 16.
Ya, watch his cover of LMFAO
welcome back to twatter now get a picture
That's a bit extreme
Warning to all Industry folks - Russell Hess is bad news stay away!
Please RT! i just watched all high school musicals!
argh, damn predictive text. He's one of my faves *not* faces!
Think I'm the only 22 year old who goes to the bar alone... Wtf is wrong with this picture lol
Neither episode has aired yet.
Really enjoy your sound. Saw you guys on #purevolume ! Keep up the good work!
Thanks for the follow.
Digging the Beastie Boys Tribute at Riot Room
What is your favorite family activity while on vacation?
Since why am I cat??.. I wasn't laying on the floor with and injured paw
Don't love giving suckers to kids at stores, but it is brilliant at liquor stores. Kids are satiated and I get to time to pick good beer.
you don't?
Lmao “: I haven't received any mass text yet saying "wishing you and your family a happy women in the process of giving birth day".
Oh yes it's ladies night, and the feeling's right!
Injustice could be removed, but human clashes and natural constraints cannot be eradicated.
this dude in front of me is following
- aw, nuts! we missed it tonight! but we're subscribed now so can't wait to get our hot little hands on some Power...
Check you out with your Friday night, on-the-scene live action shots. That's dedication.
Those fruity ice pops you put in the freezer >>>>
Today Should Be A Good Day !
i love watchin myself on camera
You ever get a pre booty call? Like at 10pm? Yeah, that'll put some wind in your sail.
Ladies, men love to get head, but if you're not committed to giving an extraordinary blow job,don't start.
I suggest a drive, let's take the back road Let's get lost, let's lose our minds
Great day yesterday with at #Empower2012 in SC
I'll try and make it out :)
You sounded great tonight! :)
The ability to turn ideas into millions genius
Bumpin Between2Worlds driving from #FtWorth to #Dallas everyday make the 45 minute commute so much better!
Save the date! April 28th we will be hosting a Mother-Son Date Knight.
One more final and then I'm out of here!
>hilarious fire montage for lame #mittromney scare tactic trying to tell people his corporate cannibalism is coming for thm
Thank you! But it's almost over! :(
thanks! Lol. -Greg
all my followers be doin music i gotta get back in the game
I just got really drunk and hid my credit cards around the house so I couldn't find them... Voila! No more spending.
The kid Diaz going to be a good fighter
The ONLY antidote for worry is action.
still kicking it down south in the mia as usual..why did u leave so soon without tellin?
I go school, I'm in college majoring Child Development.
There's rumors that 2K will boost his rating even more, but right now he's at 75. Not bad.
It was really cool seeing today ☺
Why would someone straight up RT a Tweet I posted about them, dissing them? Lol retarded
is a pussy bitch
The way you ignore me is cute af.
It amazes me how my book has a life of its own. It gets sold on Amazon/Kindle to strangers and I realize it's not really "mine" anymore.
Are you joining us for dinner tonight?
20-30 dragonflies swirling around the canopy of a coast live oak outside my window for over an hour. What are they up to?
Prediction: The only thing clever or interesting about #Oscars tonight will be all the joke tweets mocking it.
lol I will
I'm so glad your whole family loves Grab The Gold! Thanks for sharing!!
Yep, lovin' it up here in WI! Lot's of snow right now.
Facebook has now turned into a press release spam filter.
oh sry for late reply. I have one question for you :D hmu when u get this :)
Y'all in love with the Raven Symone that was on the Cosby's.
LRT lmao I love Garnett. Not a player like him
10... Guys that treat you right :D <333
Good luck to and tonight -- UFC 145. Bring it home guys -- I will be cheering and watching through my fingers!
I've got Hot Sauce Committee Pt. 2 on right now.
knew you were Marxist
Trying to get some inspiration on writing a story.
I was dead from when they went to the water park last summer. I don't know what I am now.
I think we are ready for SEC ": today's title makes 38 conference championships for Texas A&M
Oh you cheated on your boyfriend. Your a real nice catch.
Just like tires on a car, improper alignment of feet can cause wear & tear 2 other parts of the body like knees hips & lower back.
Terrible call!!! Tt
are you working on a new record?
Really wish that I didn't cancel plans to try the singpath @ #PyCon #protip test your app under load and in firefox before making it public
I'm assuming it hasn't been working...
We are currently in search Commercial Litigation Associate with 3-5 years experience.
Really? That's pretty cool.
all the bitches love me!
Can't wait for the end of this month
: hi hon just had to walk out mother & sister on the warpath. Their screaming at me is too much
I already miss and .... so wish they had one year left!!!
tx 4 sharing v interesting & has similarities to Lutheran LIFT.
"Our Famous Fans can do things in one take as well as any actor." Tony Pace (SUBWAY)
girl I had a blast in DC and am going back Monday morning. Then to NYC.
Your job sounds cooler.
btw, I also just picked up SW3 about a month ago. I have done everything but Muramasa Castle, unlock the Muramasa guy (dunno his
gonna play defense
Have you been reading ESPN's predictions? haha. Nearly EVERY analyst said the same thing!
Good morning. Going to start my day off with finishing up some of Mr. Zombie drawing thing....then well, go to school and draw more O_o
Christian just cuz your my brother and in Seattle dosen't mean I won't MURDER you for calling me a bitch! -_-
Shocking. I can't wait to start!
Do you think about me still ? Do you ?
3-legged pit bulls are the cutest sweetest doggies in the whole dog park (except for my doggie of course)
My '91 Toyota Corolla, Shadowfax, died today. Rest in peace you beautiful, problematic, tiny car. Rest in peace.
Aw, I've met them before and my friend was with them so Liz called to say hi! :)
San Jose looks strong...
So tired
Umm... I hope you are having a great day. Mine fucking sucks.
decaf or regular?
Got burned playing kite-sand-football-frisbee on Pajaro Dunes Sat. Next time wear a hat & SPF 50 even tho it's 69 deg & overcast.
Advantages of Outsourcing Bookkeeping Services ... - The Coal Blog
Will you be in NYC at all?
Ribbon Naturals will be donating 100% of all internet sales for the entire month of November to help save the Dolphins of Taiji Japan.
I shoulda fought him today...STILL PISSED
Its great to see that Arain Foster is so humble about his new contract.
"Above all else, deep in my soul, I'm a tough Irishwoman." -- Maureen O'Hara
Okay who do you think will end up as Marilyn on ? I'm hoping for Ivy. No spoilers from the East!
I just want you to know you trully are a good friend :)
please define affordable...If by that u mean >B$800 debt, w/ >B$270 30days delinquent or more, then yes you are correct
rings of war?
bummer :( it's usually me missing it though. Weird twist of fate that this was a kidfree night.
been doing fine ! Good social media sessions!
you're welcome
Just finished a great call with Keep an eye out, she's got some awesome things on the horizon...
Goona pass Nadal for 2nd in the world rankings
make sure you follow too!
Pastry in las vegas
Thanks for the RTs! & have a great meeting.
Don't we all? “: I wish I was Jeremy Lin.”
Breaking News - President Obama says he will never release the photos of Osama Bin Laden's Corpse.
When People Trust You... ♥ #Confident , #Love , #Happy ... I'll be there for them when in need ♥ Muah!
Final Pre-Draft Thoughts: The Draft Isn't For Window Shoppers - Mile High Report (blog)
I'm drained.
easily my top 5. Up there with Refused, Ghost of 1000, Torche, Minor Threat etc.
yup and I typically dread getting up for school but here I am lol
I am ready for the snow!!
june 1st but def im gonna spray tan for prom !
thats where I need to be!
If you have a strong enough "WILL" anything is possible real talk
Thanks, Lisa, love you too. Speaking of inspiring, are you coming to Listen to your Mother?
cirqa is coming to NYU and Pace! Stay tuned!
Yes it is! what a disappointment ! sweet dreams or try at least after this series lol
- I figured Jorja... just being a smart..um...you knw what! lol!
"Like" this if you're also guilty of ordering the exact same thing every time!!
Listening to tree frogs, breeze in the palms, water through the sand. Rastafari
Sacrifice is something we must all do if we want to reach our goals. It really doesn't matter what your goals are.
I agree. is sincere and is taking steps on infrastructure. Not all media/marketing. We need to applaud champions!
thats not nice!!
Little kids are great because you can laugh at their stupidity and they have no idea you're blatantly laughing at them.
Envisasearch is looking for web designers in the Cleveland, Ohio area to join our team. Ask about it at .
Woo let's have another debt ceiling standoff. Love those.
#truth RT: Studying during #MarchMadness = Potential midterm fail.
great article, thanks for sharing
how is it legal for Netflix to do this?
Anyone upgrading to a nook SimpleTouch with Glowlight?
I miss you too Carrot Top! Lol RT : I really miss you, Freckles!!.
We NEED Old Toys, Kid Clothes, Dress Up Ware, Dishes, Youth Books, any Scratch Paper, Newspapers, etc. All donations WELCOME. see website
Anyone else see Dangerous Method? We watched last night. Loved the script and, as a psyc nerd, the politics (Spielrein!), the acting less so
Little late for the frist workout but let's get it ya'll! This is NOT a game people!
I love you so much, I'm gonna let you kill me.
well, now you gained a piercing and i gained another embarassing story
Going to Glen Allen, Va. today to play at a wedding with our group, Third Stream Giants!!! :) www.3sgiants.com! Facebook-Third Stream Giants
i wanted to see obama :(
I absolutely love this coaching battle tonight two of the best in the game. Doug Collins and Doc Rivers.
Ain't NOTHING like a GOOD WOMAN
OK so due to peer pressure from and I am now back on twitter!!!
cuz u got tatted w/out me
When u get too big 2 show #Respect ur probably 2 small 2 know that's a
try CPR cellphone repair. They work with all kinds of electronics
TY : Great 2 c U last night at #SDMNOMothersDay! Have a great mom day!
Smh @ #ExtremeCheapskates. A mom took her kids to the park to pick 'wild chives' for a salad...those aren't chives! That's grass, stupid!
Ready to clock in
3-10-12 Be in the Streets 2 join the #Tibet supporters to gather outside the #Portland City Hall on @ 11AM to commemorate
Oh how funny! Another Renee posted and it sounded like it could be you!
hahahahaha yes I can't stop singing the song.
please follow ;)
Finally seeing #avengers. Hope it is good.
And here comes Arthur Rhodes. The guy that wasn't good enough to pitch for the o's.
It's funny how no matter how different our stories or situations are, we all can relate to quotes and each other.
Yea I Went To Get The Shoes This Morning
We Are
Rise and grinds peeps... Don't put off til tomorrow what you can do today.
We just got a new shipment of TOMS shoes! Come in and check out the summer styles!
I think that should come to Greensboro this weekend
omg imma starting to like school.......... :S
Thanks for the RT, hope you're having a great week!
I'm putting it all out there believing you #hope I'm right
shut up and get in that kitchen....
May you both live as long as you want, And never want as long as you live.
how so? It actually *just* quit opening...
thanks for the follow guys+Maggie. tonight?
You're welcome :]
RT Williams: 0.73 sacks PG last 5 seasons, only D. Ware, Jared Allen have higher avg among players with 20 sacks since '07
OMG I'm done with my finals I'm done with this semester I made it though my freshman year of college yay. Time to get hammered!
Think ~ "Deal first with whatever is causing you the greatest emotional distress. Often this will break the logjam in your work and free yo…
Sometimes people with whom you had talked for hours now and do not remember you.
Not only is timing of Chicago and IL contract bids harmful to providers, RFPs are sloppy, with contradictory instructions & lack of clarity
We're looking for great #bookstores in L.A. to read at. Any suggestions?
ah, thanks for the help.:> lol
when it comes to looks your bumping big time one bad chick
Thanks for the hospitality ! Get notes from the workshop:
It's sad. You always have my support and a friend in WV you know anytime you need me I'm here. Hope you have a great day. <333
game night get ya twig right
Haha i know!
Too late...
I love The Root Cafe in Lakewood OH, despite the fact that they play The Magnetic Fields non-stop...
time to lead my first Cbeyond training on social media! woo hoo!
Free Event today Raw Vegan Potluck and Talk by Ken Rohla
G'day! I really enjoyed it. Jumped up & took on TT subject. Lol. I will be joining. All very supportive and interesting. ;)
My luck: caught my first virus/trojan yesterday. On my Mac.
hey I found us a place for fabric! On 14th. It's exorbitantly expensive but I like it so whatever.
You Aint Gotta Love Me or Like Me.Hesitate, being funny, mean aint gonna get nowhere in life but being unsucessful. Judging people is wrong.
what a cool site!
“: Good selection of brands...if I do say so myself!” Thanks!!
So true but so hard to do!
you have turned me into an east coast girl... Hello NYC! Have a fun night on the mainline
That cat is a boss!
Right up there w/ being a black woman. RT : Being a black man is one hardest things on the planet to do...
I'm trying to get some interviews when I'm in Hawaii! Lol..but really though "Scuba Dive Guide" just sounds so nice!
Keep it simple stupid!
Sweet dreams my friends.
The day is nice. Luvin the sun..
Hmm i wonder if will follow me
Thank you Metro Center for a wonderful lunch!
Someone stole our mailbox. Thanks, neighborhood. So glad to be back,
you know me too well <3
it IS pretty offensive. LOL!
lol. That guy.
the art of submitting to journals is a complex one, that's for sure....
I hate it how we can text 24/7 but when we meet it's so awkward
gotta be the fan mail
If change is happening on the outside faster than on the inside the end is in sight. Jack Welch, CEO, G.E.
I love Matthew Perry.
Every year I think that the crop of new shows couldn't be worse. Then I get to the next year.
RG3 #HTTR - Next up, Lines (O & D), Then, Receivers, Then CBs
Listening to music that matches your mood even when you know it doesn't do you any good.
Where is the party at this New Year's Eve in #Arlington, #DC, and #NorthernVirginia??
Dammit. It feels like a Friday. Right?
on my way to laszlo's iron skillet
Imma squeeze ur face with happiness
Commonwealth Governor&#39;s Students visit NSWC Dahlgren, build miniature Electromagnetic Railguns
Happy Good Friday everyone. We're very thankful for what's happening at the new IISA! Much love to all our great customers!
Goodnight! Going to the fair in montebello tomorrow c:
laughed at the xbox 720 product placement in Real Steel. Very funny.
Switching from the awful and watching a winner. Go ! #IBelieve!
Don't tell the story, the character doesn't know he is in a story.
I saw last night...love the blonde dreads! #random tweet lol
lol better be!
where did you get that?
you're welcome! And thanks for checking us out. We appreciate that.
Good morning Family! So many amazing Easter stories shared from across all campuses. Post your story!
RT A #Taurus girlfriend will always be faithful.
#idol - IMHO Phillip wins round one by a hair over Jessica.
pre ordered your new book this weekend! Can't wait to get it!
Goodnight and god bless you all.
james? X
I know the feeling man .. Not begin able to sleep right it the worst ..
Great to meet you too! Hopefully the next time we meet, I'll be less overcome by library acronyms.
Working on week 1 of my #projectlife album.Trying not to overthink things but an awful lot happens in a week! Trying to find a good balance
God gives; No More than we can handle and No Less than we deserve.
Pay down high-interest credit card debt
starting against brownsburg tomorrow in the county championship. my job is just to give my team a chance to win. so do i plunk sampen? jkjk
#swib11 Nano-publication: breaking insights and assertions into atomic triples with provenance
damn thanks for that tweet i was about to head that way !
Got to work an hour late. My punishment....making a run to the local taco restaurant. Lol.
Mark, it was a pleasure meeting you at the event on Monday. Thank you for your insight & time. Best, TommyWu
perder o show do four year strong
20 more days till i see you again dying
Get out and enjoy this beautiful weather #Columbus!
Goodmorning hope everyone has a good day
Nothing I can tweet. Do you rep any celebs?
I may not actually be Jewish, but I have the complaining about a draft in a restaurant thing down pat.
Gah, I love you so much.. youre such an inspiration... <3
Can't wait to see this film!
If everybody is an artist then nobody is. Pursuit of artistic spirit is what we need to encourage.
Happy birthday to my cousin !
I was so fuckin nervous bro haha
just saw your mistletoe cover you tweeted mee...lol. great job!
Body feeling good this morning.. Think I will get that am workout done
Finished up a Kush ad for our friends at Southwest Alternative Care
So cool to see Scott Winslow onstage-congrats to Winslow Group for being a top Americas partner. Thx!
I'm OK...just get ready for work
Let's keep up the NYC spirit and run 10K- #WorkOutTime I'll let u know if I'm alive after the first 3'
Any good alternatives to listserv yet? What year is it? I used to like Google groups, but they're becoming difficult.
Our Frenchman is better than their Frenchmen!
Why does everything seem so hopeless...y can't I just get ahead for once
Adam Lavine is sexy.
Dinner in oven, kids playing...excited for my meeting with Avery Close tonight! \^^^/ the future is bright bring us some shades!
pshhhhh college is kicking my ass -__- I dunno about that anymore lol
lol....he is doing really good. My dude puts it down. Curtis is very happy if you couldn't tell.
DUI Checkpoints Tonight in West Chester (747), Colerain Ave, and Rt 28 in Milford, never drink and drive! Get a Designated Driver!
That's the only way to do it!
Correct use is "gray" when used as a color. "Grey" is a traditional last name.
Smh at Kyle Korver smh where are you.....Somebody inform me when Rose come back this is the most dissapointing season ever.
I guess its cause I beat mine up before lol
ncaa 13 is looking amazing. Will def have to get that too. Soo much good shit comin out this year. Lucky 4 me my wife play ...
#FF #G4TV She's so beautiful!! :^)
Wait till you hear d tape my nigga! #GAS RT : Heard that off the ground by that's a hit bruh
Just booked a co-star role on a new Disney channel show! Happy Monday
#AmericanStories opens today! Includes 5 patent models & more invention objects. We’ll share w you in the coming days.
Preparing for our first delivery tomorrow to Koopers in Fells Point.
Thank you!
‎[Campus Bulletin] Now that Paul Hewitt has been fired, we are pleased to announce Chan Gailey will be returning to Tech to take his place!
Almost just died...
No school for me tomorrow! 👍
pin up
JUST BOUGHT ME AN ALL BLACK PAIR OF KSWISS!!!! I HAD TO!!!!
haha ok. oh by the way do you have dini??
ur sexy just the way u are babe
picks for the women's final four and national champion?
Newark is open today from 8-5. No appt needed for glasses and new patients get a 30% discount. 100 HIgh St. Stop in and see whats new
Life doesn't get easier, you just get stronger.
Thanks for reading! ": great article post!"
Sorry i haven't replied on your tweet last time :( i shall be with you soon.. coffee place on tuesday?
Off to Newark!
Very cool! Giving out candy I assume?
okay so twitters not as bad as i thought i kinda like it :)
& we love you! RT : I just have to say I love love love your brunch menu! FF has been my top choice 3 yrs running!
Don't have too many Leesville Memories
Since 07-08 season, the Caps have gone 3-0 in Game 6 situations when trailing a series 3-2. And since '10, they are 7-3 following an OT game
what u mean ? & thank u
No girl! Trying to get it like you. Proud of you!
And size 13 too! OK, now I am beyond insanely jealous. I am hallucinatory jealous.
I don't like the school bus anymore
i'm with ya, girl! 5' is beautiful, señor, don't wanna hear it!!
Never let your memories be greater than your dreams. - Doug Ivester
Failure is never an option but unfortunately it's always a possibility.
ah...nice to have a couple days away from "real" life!
True shit RT : The rarest thing in the world is a woman who is pleased with photographs of herself.
Me and Sophie are UK Mahomes, We want him to come to the UK so we can meet him:D
your tweets lately have been so
i didnt skip out! Feeling good! Time to go do the waitress thing. Burning calories!!
SAFE TRAVELS , I WILL MISS YOU A MILION.
I'm in the mood for some salt. Popcorn is a good vehicle!
omg you still remember that? Hahahhha art class used to be the best and mostly because i used to do my work plus yours -_-
Karen Mills cites Kaufmann: "entrepreneurship down in every region except in New England". It's up a little in NE.
Thanks 4 the compliment. Dig your beats. Let me know when you need some guitars on a track. I want to do them!
Ok Donna Summer 's "she works hard for the money" vid jus came on and I feel the need to stand up and start spinnin around in circles
Workin on a remix of "I Beat the pussy up" rite now.
You realize that you guys are just making yourself look extremely classy? Are we still in high school? You know nothing
STOP PROMOTING YOUR CRAP on Twitter and respond to your customers.
cool name dude love it! X) u rock
Yes I will be tweeting throughout the #goldenglobes with quotes all night!!!
why did i date you? omg.
oh.. if only you people could see me now. i look like a freakin' moron.
Eileen Brady concedes to Jefferson Smith... I'm sure we haven't seen the last of her! What an inspiring and strong woman.
When #camron comes up on shuffle....the best.
Just when you got used to writing 2010...BAM!!! 2011 shows up.
That one cut deep,
happy birthday rick!!!
Cool! Um, why do you look SO mean in your pic? (Like Suge Knight's younger brother lol)
Avengers was awsome!!!
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe foreclosure.. :( It makes me feel guilty for people
:( Oh no! Hopefully it won't last long. Turn the music up in the meantime? :D
Latin Jazz - Josh Jones Group at the Cigar Bar in San Francisco, Sat pm, May 28th
#thingsthatgetmeupset when Ur friend is nosy when u get a text message
No matter what part of town or time of day you can always bet to see strange people in waffle house🍳☕
I feel bad about the way I treat some people its jus something telling me to be mad and evil
very, very cool. :)
Please help me with my production!!!!
Allen Iverson was and is still my favorite basketball player
Keys to SUCCESS ~ "When you dare to dream, dare to follow that dream; dare to suffer through the pain, sacrifice, self-doubts and friction …
since i do not follow either teams, can i set the rules for the friendly bet?
I won the Kiss giveaway!! Love u Kiss! Thank You!!!
Great dinner tonight at Becco with my new colleagues. Looking forward to the BOG meeting tomorrow!
Morello closes w/"This Land Is Your Land"-the most underrated class war ballad of the century. All the good parts edited out.
Come on Miller miss this one
Just spilled coffee all over my favorite study bible:( Using a blow dryer on it now and praying it isn't ruined.
Q5: store assistant or in-store beauty consultant
I love Josh. He is way too funny.
WorldatWork&#39;s Alliance for Work-Life Progress Announces 2012 Work-Life Rising Star Honorees
Looking forward to a god #weekend!
Wonderful folks
So Tru! RT : I wish love was like volleyball...you call "MINE!" and everyone backs off!
Today marks the one week coundown to giant FLUKE!!!!! May 1 7am! Also we will begin our night porgy trip on Fri May 4!!!
#hategettingtold I'm so glad we are just friends.
Foster's fine.
but but but....
yeah how was ur day
#NASCAR is so good today. I'm running out of nails to bite. Love how Harvick gets penalized for speeding but not running a guy over. LOL.
Bath & Body Bistro will be at Los Ranchos Park (on the corner of Rio Grande & Chavez Rd.) today from 2-6pm. We'd love to see you there !
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit. —Aristotle
Great time at La Rêve thanks to - Amazing show and magic. So nice to meet a real worker and a sweet person.....
yeah I played a 20 hr session, not sure how many hours I player seemed like 10-15 hrs a day
Thanks for following us!
Catalina Island is heavenly.
"The legacy we will leave is the footprint we had in believing."
Oh yay. Wasted sorority girls in ugly green tees.
Omg i knew it
miss you too! I'm about to DM you my new #
smoke sumtn bitch!RIP PIMP C.....kush burning
I love you baby ur the greatest!!!!
He was boss in Boston & responsible for historic collapse this season! Explain that? Left club in total shambles!
Why Should You Decide upon Granite Worktops? | Bernadett&#39;s ...
RT : 2.572M (20.6%) unemployed LESS than five weeks. Here’s hoping they find #jobs FAST!
WHO misses Southern summers? Seriously.
I'm taking a mental break from #mlanet12 and watching AGT
fantastic -- lots of great features in the works. Would love to hear about new concepts you're working on, too!
good luck!
Fear God
A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving." -- Lao Tzu Best of luck, good traveler....
Oh yes. He's the most awesome cat ever. Big and fluffy and maybe just a wee bit bitey.
Back to the drawing board busy day for me after a nice get back to good break ;o) Anyone watch the Royal wedding?
On so many levels.
HBO's Treme is set in post-Katrina New Orleans during same period as RACE. Hope this will generate interest in looking back as we near 5th.
thank you!!
It has been a wild summer so far for us! Looking forward to our corporate events at Wisconsin State Fair! Just around the corner ya know!!
That sounds delicious! I love pomegranate juice.
yeah yo, once my battery died it wouldnt turn on even if I charged it.
i need so many hours still for nhs, and i need to read that stupid book
I've been watching soo many movies recently
Plans for tomorrow .
Happy 51st Birthday to the Greatest Entertainer of All Time - Michael Jackson
Tomorrow is 4-20! Are you ready?? Stop in and see us we will have what you need! Open till 7! Enjoy the Holiday ;)
not too late.
STILL CRYING OVER ED AND TAYLOR
We Party All Around The World.
Come see us on our Facebook Page and find out about how you can win a free Massage Heights Gift Card from our Valentine's Day Contest!
Putting the word out for clients needed - I specialize in small and home-based business accounting and business management. Prefer San Fer…
Our play Game #5 tonight! Retweet this if you think it's the end of this series!
Blu is already on the agenda! Good call :)
Man, this smoked duck, shrimp, oyster, andouille, and tasso Gumbo sho' is good, top ten!! Serving it up all week.
we go to wmcc
that legit suckss
that looks like trouble! Hope you're having fun!!
Nancy Grace has my vote, & her dance partner is good looking 2 :)
omg! Ik..I would be bad too. Nagging them!!
Really? It's awesome here - miss you kiddo!
Oh, and Miller Park Greinke just hit a double down the LF line.
Power outages are stacking up. Xcel now reports nearly 17,000 Customers without juice in the metro.
I can understand running because of the fast pace. What if you walk with ur hands in ur pockets?
Love will last forever for GOD is love..
#SusanBoyle 14 Million Albums sales in 14 months and is nominated for a Grammy award & on category of Best Pop Vocal Album.Amazing
For over 250+ years the Aldridge's have fought for NC. We start again today. Right ?
Found out from pharmacist that poison I was working with in book two won't do it. Fortunately, he gave me an alternative
in stoppage no less!!!! Thanks to that jerk Joey Barton adding time.
ill try this again. Uh you guys do know theres only 1 week of school and we havent hungout right?
Can't believe Charger legend Junior Seau passed away!
At city museum in st Louis. Kids r having a blast!
Q2: camping, swimming, bbq's
The snow won't stop us! Something fun coming from at 10 today!
im freaking done.
Just don't play Need You Now! Ack!
Honestly. The show better be FREAKING amazing.
I think I just confused the crap out of my phone....heehee
Jesus I love You! Just wanted to say that! <3
10TV today - The president, Arnold...behind the scenes at the Columbus Zoo...and some karate-chopping grandmas...check it out this morning!
Thanks for posting. This is truly a valuable and necessary partnership!
Change your thoughts and you change your world. N.M. Peale
One hour lunch breaks are a gift and a curse 💤
RT : When a grocer tries to charge me 5¢ for a bag, I tell em "go to hell" & just stand there eating my groceries until they're gone
Headed to meet for dinner. I'm a lucky lady.
RT : You have to think if Peyton Manning was playing it would've been a totally different story. I say at worst 62-21 final.
Finally in bed, sleep time.
how about you actually send someone to my house like you said you would instead of making my family wait around all day!
Austin, Texas! :D
nicely done!
Did the #Patriots game start at 8pm or midnight? Cause #TebowTime's missing his glass slipper!
Movie recommendation is Alfred Hitchcock's "Psycho"
I ll miss you all :,(
so freaking pumped \m/
in both cases whether separate or responsive by css
Well I consider this season a success although we got more ball to play my goal was to get out the 1st round and we did. Great job sixers
Japanese coworker has taken to praising me in Japanese after finding out about me being a fan of anime and manga. I will allow it!
when people say they want more followers what they mean is "i want more listeners, ppl paying attn to me"
Thanks to and for a fabulous event! And thanks to the 160 of you who came out. Look for recap, pics tmrw & Friday
One Time For My Partner On That West Coast Fineness!!!
Would be lovely if you could.
Where The Hell Is !!!
Dsney world = fun
I've had a million beers today. Almost all of them were from Wisconsin. Win.
Well, as long as they are feeding you and you like it is all that matters. Have a nice weekend! xoxoxo
"Does Blues Clues still exist?" "No, they took it off the air because you liked it." Oh Daniel, 13 years of being a delight...
Spanish commentary? Shiit why not?
Congratulations Julia G - you just WON a $100 gift card to !! Watch for an email soon.
Just got water balloons thrown at me... Gonna miss these seniors
Simpsons just phone it in these days.
If I could make it back to Chicago, I would. Work back at my old job I miss u.
our sexy new song "Okay" has a release date!! April 6th kids!!
Oh....monday
Ain't nun but really black ppl in dat audience nd dey bring out sum old ass white man WOW, ain't dat sum
I know
Bring on the storms ☔☁💙
Thx 4 following...hope to get a chance to work with U someday!
whoa yeah that has to be way off
just found my pasta machine is not working. I am will have to roll my raviolis by hand tonight grandma style
So cool I want to do it all again....
Shitty.Dropped my Ipod and now its cracked aint that bad tho. But i blame cuz she made me run!
they started it!
lol I heard they so petty now but edith always been like that, jordan told me they got yall on timers for 15's smh
But there is such a thing as the Olive Garden.
My Lil Cousin Came Home Yesterday =] Chillin' w. him & tha Twin
It cost 7 million dollars to build the Titanic and 200 million to make a film about it.
now I know your high:-)
Just seen the movie the
Making a banger
Working on some pretty great stuff... I hope I can handle all that is coming my way in 2011.
Where is everyone spending their Friday night?
Ignore the risk, and take the fall, if it's ment to be, it's worth it all
wait, THE vanilla ice? RT Excited 4 free shows on AE Stage: Love&Theft, David Nail, Green River Ordinance, Vanilla Ice...
Beer > Women
Bryce Harper coming up!!!
It's #Friday. Let's conquer this b*$^%.
my brain would miss the workout, too (I like exploring)
Put on a beer label...I'd buy it! Thanks for the follow!
today is apparently international kissing day. heyoooooo
Thanks for the FF!
Davinci Virtual is celebrating #MobileWorkWeek road warriors love virtual offices and Davinci has the largest network of centers in the USA!
#Pirates looking to make it 4 in a row and pull to .500.
I'm gunna show yu im alright
Just voted in my first midterm election. It really was me an a bunch of old people
Microwave minutes are longer than normal minutes.
Horrible ending to #ExtremeRules #BrockLesnar should have won. He was beating the daylights out of Cena.
A recruiter is like an elephant. They never forget. #jobhuntchat #recruitment#
Do you have a museum bucket list? Some on my list: State Hermitage Museum, Fashion Museum, British Museum, Cairo Museum, Van Gogh Museum...
Rubio would miss London Olympics too RT Yikes RT : Ricky Rubio has a torn ACL in his left knee, a source told SI
I'm bringing my 16-month-old daughter for part of it, but I suspect she's much more easily entertained
she tweets all het fans. ill be tweeted one day
Thank you for RTs. we'll follow you back tomorrow.... already used up total of 5 that #twitter imposed on us. #censorshipmuch?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northboungld I-35 at Caesar Chavez
leavin 2 El Salvador 2morrow.. gunn miss Dallas a lot
RT : Need plans tonight? How about a Local Holiday Miracle? $10 sketch by 2 very funny local ladies. 8:30pm!
visiting family in mission viejo. sunday afternoon boat ride.
Midnight run in the rain
thank you to all who have joined in my string plz get to your messeges and add me as a friend!
Think Like A man >>>
some can u please explain the jinsu sitch to me whatt going onn??
I went through trying to call MA Unemployment not too long ago - best bet is to go to a walk-in center, believe it or not!
love u mah....u keep it so percentage
Men In Tits #ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits :D Lolling xD
Jamming with Sarah Campbell = Highlight of the day
Im not about to put up with for much longer #fukin heated
Teachers union, CPS agree to call in 'fact-finding' panel for contract talks - Chicago Sun-Times
": I checked my Google privacy settings. Google Ads thinks I'm a 25-34 year old male. I'm okay with that." Umm, I'm not.
Not to self: just because I don't have to be at school by ten, doesn't mean I don't need an alarm.
fridays are usually the best day of the week somebody hit an apd motorcycle cop... Nobody is safe
Miss my touring times!.. Have to plan one...
swear.... I'm the best (and most good looking, may I add) creep(; love you to!
Same to you! Hope the weather treats you well : )
I use to wish i had you, but think again none of my wishes come true :/
"Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle, and the life of the candle cannot be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being sh
i like igloos. ive always wanted to make one. sadly it doesnt snow on the beach.
Since when are white guys criminals and gross
#Remix Mashup Monday
Hataz gonna hate...ballaz gonna ball!!
yes he is, girls are TOO catty. LOL
I generally believe corsettery serves to accentuate exposed collarbones, but I agree. I love that lapel look. Oh, decisions.
Great book John Maxwells book: 5 levels of leadership
Try Me Hoe
I love my life:))
so cool!! Congratulations!!!!! Will tune in!
Session presenter, U.S. Chief of Tech & asst to Pres. Obama.
lmfao!!! I feel yas on that one. What r u doing with yourself?
pep talking
Every year it's the SAME results
you're not fucking cute. shut the fuck up.
Happy happy birthday ! I hope it's a great one!
Welcome to Cleveland Trent Richardson!!!
People wearings coats in palm beach - it 75 degrees!
come on! lunch is almost over! I want to watch charades!
#CXO I could use a cookie over here.
just kidding we are gonna chill everyday
My dads bitching about you smoking & btw he's a CPS social worker 😳
also heard on Marsha you were sick & hope you feel better!
#Rammstein easily gave me one of the BEST concert experiences of my live. They are incredibly talented and engaging!
#amahighered social media content plus authenticity makes cents.
nick?! Schmidt is where it's at! Nick is too sad for life. Epic show though.
good place!!!!
I love reading articles about the drug wars in Mexico. Is that weird?
Thanks for the retweetage!
Eh.. Your rapping was lacking.... 😉 RT : Rappin to my girl,
Great closing keynote by details coming soon!
nice rebound. Are they for real ?
Without a arm I spit, Without a arm I spit, Without a arm I spit
I met a lady on Saturday who got a Chinese symbol tattoo on her coccyx. She thought it said "Mysterious" but it actually says "Constipated."
In the studio working!!!
When I get my paycheck tomorrow I'm spending a good bit of it on nail polish. I'm such a girl. 💅💗🎀
One kind word can warm three winter months. ~Japanese Proverb. Warm gloves help too. Need warm gloves 4 men wsccenter.org/donations.html
IKR nobody should do that! :(
Ugh, my stomach has definitely expanded from the holidays! Ate my morning protein bar and I'm already hungry an hour later.
ha, if only it unfollowed the right ppl...and moved to unfriend some on FB, too! :)
sounds like a military state to me!
I know? #Laura is definitely slow...
RT : Engage customers in meaningful dialogues to better understand not only what they want, but what they value!
is your date in school
The guy who interviewed Joe on The Edge yesterday was very rude.
Maybe I missed something but how did the initial comment even come up in conversation?
damn usher dies .... Dats crazy
Ink it on your calendars, Congresswoman Susan Davis will speak at the March 13th Hillcrest Town Council meeting, 7pm.
Healthy Heart will be at the Sankofa Farmers Market today! There will be kids exercise activities: jump rope, hula hoops & more!
sounds good! I have a lobster dinner coming!
everyone get hype for the NFL season :D
i can't let the day go to waste
I'm not in Louisiana Filming #endersgame ?
Happy with are progress as a team; everyone #YouKnowWhoYouAre #ATE-ERA ETC
i gotta see what time ima be done with my workouts tomorrow and see if i head over there
I just had the math final is tomorrow and I haven't been to class all semester dream again. Gross.
Minnesota has 323 million dollar surplus
you're so precious :')
Maryland. It's about a 1.5 hour drive (although we went in traffic), but we had a blast! Right at Arundel Mills Mall
One of my greatest regrets is not going on a cross country road trip when gas was cheap.
Try Cooper's Tavern, The Old Fashioned, Sardine or Delmonico's. Hope you had a good wknd back!
Done: Church, brunch, #HungerGames To Do: #Target, laundry, Salmon dinner
Bout to see what this Netflix is talking bout
Todays just another day for me ^_^
Yes, definitely email her, she's extremely quick!
Thanks to for spreading the word about The Monuments Men, heroes of civilization!
Team Twist been busy!!!
Yes Sir... RT : as much as I say thank you derek fisher :-)
Testing… this should work
Huntsman seems to be a good guy with good ideas but is the GOP establishment ready for changes?
Cliff diving at the ICA? Yes please.
FDA alert: Skin Crms Soaps Lotions ... If mercurous chloride,“calomel,“mercuric,“mercurio,“mercury listed stop using product immediately
I miss you so much. i havent seen you in 7 hours, i might have a mental breakdown.
These texts, ah :) haha.
Thanks!! :) I know :c Next time I get a piercing or tattoo you should come with!! :D and I love it! It's great lol
I have now less than a week and then Im 30. Why does it feel like Ive accomplished nothing?
sorry4delay on the fb friend requests! Just got tired of dirty old men and the most random people so I stopped acceptin requests for a min!
Jean-Claude Bradley: "There is no such thing as a trusted source." Woah!
Is it National Dance Like A Chicken Day b/c chickens want to avoid being served w/this? RT : Happy National Buttermilk Biscuit Day!
Our competitors hate #puppies. Shame on them. #awesome #shirts www.TuesdayTees.com
To the equestrian lover in all of us, this unfortunately, REALLY happened to me: "Hello 'boss', I have to take a sick day today, a horse ...
where you going north town?
Candles & accessories for your home - deal available thru 1/12/12. Perfect for cold days. New customers save an extra $5!
I hear you! I definitely have a weakness for shoes :)
I can't be at #Coachella, but I have a pretty good idea what the air smells like right now with Dre and Snoop on.
White watch wanted for my 21st birthday please. 🎁
Fat free ranch dressing + cucumbers = best invention ever. :0
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.-Anais Nin
The View from TX is spectacular
is my best friend! :)
I adore the Tin Tin books
YAY The centaurs just took Delores Unbridge!! Power to the people....well, half-people anyway.
My allergies are slowly killing me.
Hugh was never the OC. Only QB coach.
Headed to Toronto. But first--really looking forward to a quick trip to Niagara Falls before digging into work stuff tomorrow.
don't you hate it when your trying to go to bed, but you have so much on your mind that you cannot sleep. ugh! #CantSleep hmu :D
RT“: #Broncos will land in North Carolina around 11am for Peyton Manning's workout”
Double foul? Wtf?
Ah I wasn't thinking dirty, gosh, cochino!! Just kidding never mind, idk how to explain what I meant
..studying for my last day of finals.. after tomorrow I'll be stress free from school 'til June!! -AMEN
At the volunteer tent on Rich St between S Third & High St downtown! Free coffee and donuts. :)
oy that tweet went out with a broken link...and so did the last one GRRRRR
I'm not even a professional yet and I have the same experience. There are only a handful of thought-provoking writers, IMO.
Yesterday WTCC 90.7FM broadcast my recordings of "Don't Get Around Much Anymore" & "Body & Soul". Aloha Springfield, MA!!!!
So...much...talking. Must...start...doing...
The Adamouski competition is pleased to announce that an extended deadline will be available to artists for the current competition-
Must suck to not be able to have an intelligent football conversation without being vulgar.
just like #hittingiscontagious, apparently #suckingiscontagious as well.
come see us in 311.
Hoya Saxaaa!! #Georgetown just tipped off in the Verizon Center and we're ready for a win
Hanging at cafe moustache. Trying to do hw and blog for I need home internet; I'm dying.
There are 1,792 steps to the top of the Eiffel Tower
Caleb gne call my phn at damn near 2am like its G ! ewww, wat did i tell u boy !?
Disappointed by the #Greys Anatomy finale.
The people who control the #library money are not necessarily friends of the library.
Pizza or Pasta? #Pizza is the best!
Um... #newguysarecute That is all. :)
Treadmill time - then downtown :-) Lookout, Austin - hot women heading your way!!
Ready to discuss 's FLATSCREEN at 's book club tonight. Just a head's up, I do not take criticism well.
you make being bored look fun...
i couldn't care less
Black Sabbath, Chili Peppers will play Lollapalooza
Re-energize your routine! Stop in for FREE copies of Muscle & Body and mags. Tons of great articles, health & fitness tips.
LOVE your blog!! :)
Yes I'm aware I have stitches on my face. Thanks,
Awesome 4th of July weekend. Plus, I don't have a #hangover ;)
YUP! Very....Flowers in the Attic.
Since then, I've been waffling endlessly to find a title that would be fit for my album. I looked at all lyrics, song titles...I was stuck.
Some guya were wit the gun on that trail robbing ppl RT : what?
Drop in tonight for Ladies’ Night specials! Countdown to Shilrington’s Oktoberfest extravaganza: 17 days!
having a film marathon this weekend...can't wait!!
You nonprofit guys are always fundraising!
for you maybe haha
Congrats on the win today!! Going for the sweep tomorrow!!
Bruce Irvin, 6'-3, 245 pound DE, ran an unofficial 4.43 40-yard dash time. QB's will have a tough time outrunning that.
Love yourself to open your mind to the world.
why is your poker down? Particularly disappointed using the service when yet again.
Faith is deliberate confidence in the character of God whose ways you may not understand at the time.
Ill give anyone 17 dollars if they bring me a big box of hohos
84-page packet for tonight's Board Meeting. Thinking it could be a late night.
Oh yeah, those are raindrops. Twisting the cap open now.
😱<- this lives in that room. You know I'm right.
I don't have one. Not sure why I came up.
Just found out that a very popular blogger is opening an Etsy shop with almost the exact same name as mine at almost the exact same time.
Its Mango season!
hell yea they some fuck niggas
that one drink messed me up. Did u ruffie me?
UC Irvine, Stanford set to make cases for volleyball Final Four
Just one of those days.
Yes, would've been good if the Prez could've evolved a day earlier :-) At least he's in time for Clooney's bash.
or bored,same thing
BBQ: Franklin. Enjoy Austin!
Yes. Britpop Mondays starts tonight.
I swear to God I'm never taking anyone's word for anything if it aint in action I don't believe u!
I miss My Reed :( He was probably one of thee most attractive guys ever!I woves yew My Fairy Princess :( <3 P[eace]L[ove]U[nity]R[espect]<3
Been reading Tami Roman's mentions. 95% of tweets are blasting her behavior. Other 5% think she's "keeping it real". WTF? That's sad.
Ran out of night. "Dinner" breakfast at 7am. Now it's time for bed.
#ces show floor is starting to take shape, booths are coming together nicely. Amazing how much effort goes into the exhibits
yeah, I am glad they closed the school for the weather, people generally don't handle weather events like this well.
Actor, Film Producer, CPA
Best part about game was 's goal. 2nd best part was when a dude proposed to his girl in the members club
Yess! Next class will be my last class then i get to go home!! :)
I will file that tidbit away in my travel notebook. GL if you are playing today. Lemme know and I will virtual rail you. :)
we have a #MarchMadness group special for $25. Includes bowling, food and drink!
it's the guiltiest of guilty pleasures.
On the 4th day Christmas has for thee…A FUNday package of drink specials and their stylin’ new t-shirts for 4!...
RT“: Webster stole Elway's lines ""looked comfortable throwing'' and "another important step in the process.'' Come ON!”
Ran into my mom's neurosurgeon & NeuroICU nurses #awkward? Or #awesome?
Sometimes we forgo being in a relationships because the friendship we have with that person is too important to complicate.
RT : A picture may be worth a thousand words, but like the picture, it's the quality of the words that matters.
Who's all going to The Great Games in Cougar History during Spokane Week with Doba, Derting and Kegel?
Thanks! RT : If Hollywood wants to go there, then let's see a docudrama for "Dark End of the Street" by Carmen...
Apparently the phones didn't work for Ron Washington. Asked for a pitcher and got a belly itcher.
for free!?
DC: Jonetta Rose Barras the queen of propaganda! Where is that article on DOMESTIC VIOLENCE I requested??
Nice karma guyblow. . . You said it wrong its shiloh
#blessed indeed!!!
keep me posted. I'm too cheap to order it and too lazy to go watch it somewhere else.
Tweet me!
“You break it, you buy it.” Hell no. I break it, slowly leave it there & awkwardly walk away.
Hey I'm the magic 36 and I had a surgery when I was 17. Haven't been able to throw since, hopefully your procedure goes well.
BLACK MAMBA!!!
notice me Ari??? Please follow me! <3
Day was ok, even my night was fun until I checked facebook & then everything went downhill from there. So im going to sleep
Thanks for the RT!
It seems to me that, in every culture, I come across a chapter headed Wisdom
I'm glad SWS is doing a different hockey movie! I'm your Buddy. that's just my game!
in a lost generation, you have to find yourself
i know right
kins getting lucky streak sucks!!!
People that eat Vlasic pickles.
first thing first is drums..lol that's the big thing.. the singing part will come..
Why is this happening....
You don't see my wishes coming true, with no ginny meng.
Just finished volunteering, and just got all soaked. I gotta go get something for lunch now. Happy Tuesday!
13 yr old kid ran onto the field. family will be fined 3k.
Still moving today! Womp
her music its the best
Don't know when I'll get over red home Red Wing jerseys.
I find it odd that our Great Dane is more active when she's sleeping (dreaming) than at any other point in the day.
Cause I'm not :b
RT : “: I need a Illustrator or a cartoonist. Any referrals” <--- Thanks babes! I appreciate you!
good night
gimme a goal for Nagbe instead of Jack and I have the exact same prediction.
I will rock that harder than hard
Use 22" wide screen monitor with no tabs open or extra tool bars for the full effect
GREAT Job on #GoodDeeds! Good emotional story line! Wishing for #1 in the box office.
While they are all gems, I think I will follow this Olentip today! “: At work? Leave early. #OlensTips”
Anyone interested in booking a vacation right on the best lake in North America? Contact now for deals at Jewel Bay Resort!!!
Great chat with this morning...stay tuned for some exciting news!
Screw You #cardinals v
Today is gonna be a good day! No more letting my problems get the best of me!
You too Preacher!
MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN aha yeah you know : )
was thinking Parrot AR also
Frankie just handed me "The Shizzle"
Being home alone is so boring.
Fuck porn and porn stars- Cheese and wine turn me on the most.
RT : RT : Cool down & think about Holiday Pops! Choose seats for Boston Pops at www.bostonpops.org
I love that song!!
Think I'm gonna make my homemade sweet tea for all the guests attending the St. Bernard Charity event this Wednesday. -Britney
Vancouver's star rising on global special effects stage - Vancouver Sun
I don't know...I like trance, but these are pretty bad. Think you're better off without in this case. :)
on air with Vincent Bugliosi as he talks abt new book "Divinity of Doubt: The God Question" on radiokolamerica.com - call in 818-691-3243
Fun times with
Now if I can find an creative outlet for my love of photography, music, comedy, and cooking, this will be a comprehensive week.
Had another good day...even though Gabe gave me a scare...he`s all better!
Think I missed a subtweet...neva been good wit that.
Today was the best it felt all year... Hopefully tomarrow will be the same...
I really want to know what this big announcement is..
luxurys car looks much nicer stock than "hooked up"....
There is no right or wrong..only right and left. Choose whats right for you or take what's left.
SOMEBODY TELL ME WHY LIFE HAS GOT TO BE SO DIFFICULT ! WHEN U HAVE DECIDE BETWEEN STAR BURSTS AND NUTELLA
me either, we should do something later tonight!
I don't know why people don't get that messing around with fracking is so dangerous, toxic fallout aside.
No. It's my father's travel agent. I usually go through him because it's easier, and my parents still like being involved.
I don't understand why KU fans seem not to appreciate Bill Self. He's fantastic!
867 5309. hey i just met you.. and.this is crazy, but heres my number so call me maybe
I really hope Jelena didn't break up .. i loved them together they're the best couple out there .. <3
Eating ramen with a spoon is the greatest fucking idea ever!
your invite made me sosososososososo excited for this weekend. Is it Saturday yet?!?
who winning
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
#lol I could never hate you!
On my way in a few minutes. First Time and I live in VA. lol
Fuck yeah Ryan!!!!
thanks for following me! I look forward to showing more of my art with you :)
Check out Destinationstravelmagazine.com and the article "Avalanche on Lhotse" for an adventure travel story like no other!
People of CA: The right called Jerry Brown "Gov Moonbeam" because he was early supporter of geosynchronous satellites, used today by GPS etc
Nice to see that has received the Twitter "Verified" checkmark of approval.
it definitely put a smile on my face as I dreaded the walk to my 8 am
YOU ARE WTF
you were awesome today!
High court's stance could spur immigration laws - Austin American-Statesman
Sounds like a great day.
Why is it before I even saw the picture. I knew what it was.
Fat ass nigga
Sauges: the "place" where you learn is becoming much less important
Couple weeks left as Lead Pastor of The City's Church Las Vegas! Would love 2 see u on Easter Sunday. God has done wonders in the last 2yrs
I've always thought the girl on the box of thin mints looked like Cuba Gooding Jr. as Radio.
funniest man alive
Its so humiliating when somebody catches you staring at yourself in the mirror...while u have sex with them.
The hardest thing to accept is loving someone and knowing they’ll never love you back.
Right, because Rush is such a sex god himself.
Awww Follow Me
i wish school would be over already ugh!
Me mom and dad fight today!!! War
Wonderful picture... very nice looking couple! Hope you both had a great Christmas! :)
Fla is SO waitin on u buddy!!!
Went to Annie's Cafe to eat with my neighbor. Had my favor waitress wait on us, Dani is a great waitress. Had a good time, she a lot of fun.
:-( Brooklyn a little too far
Particpated in event this week: Nic Donofria from IBM Dr. Lakhani from Harvard and talking about innov
Single is the life 👍
Cedar Point on the 25th.... #hellyes!
Doing great, thanks Dana, another day of work. Hope you have a good b-day!
Yes! followed me! Wisconsin cheese is the BEST & it's too hard to find in Cincinnati. We get bland, bitter Vermont cheese here
Free concert-ALAN JACKSON,, ERIC PASLAY set for Sept 21st !! 4th annual Capitol Street Party on Demonbreun!!!!
Not FOX News: What fiction are you relaxing with this weekend? Tweet us your picks with the tag
My son has Tetralogy of Fallot. What heart defect does your son have?
Home from latest jaunt (this one to DC). Tired and trepidatious about what may be waiting for me at work tomorrow.
i'm tweeting so that i can say i've tweeted thrice!! hi taylor (:
Farewell to our very own mike heslin leaving for where else: land of milk and honey. no, not goshen but #sanfrancisco. you rock, sir.
please don't cry! Just remember all the memories we created :)
what type of filming do u do?
Way to go ! Hope all is well in your neighborhood.
no doubt!
we hope to see you tonight for LIVE MUSIC ft ZachWade & DanHarvey 9pm! Food & drink specials!
Thanks for the suggestions - We'll keep you posted with the development, are you Android or iOS?
Building my summer course syllabus and coding some interview data. Yet, it doesn't feel like work at all.... :)
Shouts to this guy--> good morning love
New Promo Coming Today! Stay Tuned!
just tell me if he's asian or not! DM me!!!!!
Off to Phoenix for the next gateway course success institute.
great panel, it's all about the love.
Outta sight , outta mind ...
It is May Day almost everywhere in the world except the US. My projects are all global. Might as well have taken today as a holiday!
Just 11 more followers & someone gets $20 of free cleaning!!! Bring us your tired, your huddled masses, your dirty clothes, 200th follower!
Awesome. Super talented musician.
I'm the new Rowdy Burns. You don't even know!
At Groves we provide evolving levels of care to suit both highly functioning residents as well as those who require more intensive care.
Thanks for the review!
Frankly I think all these misogynistic homophobic Teabag types are closet K, wanting to step up the white baby factories.
KU basketball on #ESPN, replay of Georgetown KU game on ESPNU....
": I will cross the ocean for a Big Mac" wtf! you wont making eating that shit
Now at Fred Jameson's talk on aesthetics politics&the singularity. responding with the UCDavis pepperspray incident to start
Where was Bo Queen to call that post up illegal screen on Vandy?
Stop in LUCI all week and pick up our FREE NEW REWARDS CARD. Great for discounts and freebies everytime you shop! XOXO!
Thanks for the follow friday, Tony. Hope you have a great weekend.
Old friends at webseries premiere last night-Hot apple cider in union sq-diner w/Arti-m NYC I see you soonly.
Do not lose heart and despair if you don't succeed in fulfilling all the good that you would wish: if you've fallen,try to rise up again
Well, billboards aren't going up yet… The lawyer will fight us on appeal. Deep pockets but no taste.
first week of May. A's and O's.
RT Jury selection starts in one hour. No phones in the courtroom, so no tweets til lunchtime. See you then.
I've already dubbed Doss as Boldin's successor. Didn't get much playing time last year because of his inability to play special teams
ughh i need my backpack from marias house !
Amen beautiful!
I really don't. it wasn't Hatley though. it started with an S I think
via twitter.
Carrie underwood is the most beautiful being on this earth lol
Betta got get sine back up get up.
m yes keep booing kovy
Sub dis period & nxt, great way 2 end the day
still working on my lit term project and I haven't started math
Rosacea. Not herpes. It’s rosacea.
but how many overtimes? #OTMonster is hungry.
I thought you was gone call me back!!
yes my love!
Sleeping all day, waking up feeling like a noodle.
you are now the Kueen of Twittergraphics!!!
in Chicago last night... speechless! <3
♥♥Yay! Im all happy now!♥♥
Congrats! “: 6 VA Wineries medal in San Diego - Barrel Oak, Gray Ghost, Ingleside, Jefferson, Keswick, & North Gate! #VAWine”
i stopped pounded hookers
Looking forward to IMATS next weekend! Can't wait!!
Thanks for taking time to follow~ Would like to learn more about ur books~
Make Sure you Follow Our Official Twitter
nah i been extremely busy ,between music and moving
These ppl in my hood r so ignorant. Can't get out off there car to call someone. They just keep blowing there horn.
this means our ticket will ONLY be available on the I heart app. no other app will work :(
Visions incomplete are finally being tuned; awaiting the second phase of realization and the advancement of conceptual representation.
Bad hair day? Lol
Boats are zooming down new circle.........;)
Seriously excited about this NFL draft! What will do tonight? Can't wait to see if there will be trades in this first round!
I don't like it when people talk behind ur back(;
Listened to on Week in Startups podcast. story was pretty good when I heard it in the dorm room; even better 5 yrs later!
I want unknown
YOU ROCK. Give Roby a punch in the arm for me lol.
i just tell the truth so if you cant handle that ,then so be it
dilemma dilemma....
“: Craving the feeling of jumping through freshly raked leave piles. #autumn #fucksummer” autumn is the best season.
Who Put the Bop In The Bop Sh Bop Sh Bop?
Making preparations to launch CareerOyster ... stay tuned for more details. The world is your Oyster...be the pearl!
Shooting comp card stuff today with Dominic. I always love shooting in the rain.
time to go in......get there
yiy ready now
oh god !! it doesnt look like you :P love ya !! ♥♥
Gig tonight was great!
that's 6 against 1 Emma, that means nothing. I watch it on every road trip. Like call Amanda.
For sure there are alternatives. I wonder if anyone will actually use them and totally forgo Google products though.
Feels empty.
loves life :)
Boosie Actually Got A Verse On Birdman And Mack Maine Song Called #TheFam.#FreeBoosie.And Its Really Him Rapping 2 He Went Hard.Problems.
Have a good Friday everyone :D
Justin Notice Me ♥
Make relaxation and renewal your New Years Resolution! Come by Riviera Spa today!
Beak trimming bc too close quarters. Killing males bc they don't need them. Those are the final 2 pieces.
“ “ If you fuck with me then pray for me..... I don't ask shit from my friends..... Just pray.””
Went to sign up for a new ISP and their website is unable to complete online orders, live chat also "unavailable". Nice
So many great opportunities just wasted. -__- I couldve met the when he was in LA i could've gone to #WangoTango and Justin...
Glad to hear it!
Lol yay Ariana is tweeting from my twitter.... My tweets are gonna go up!!
I think tami just need some good dick!!!
Cool! Per your meeting today?
everyone knows orange is the best. followed by yellow.
We've been on a panel together and known each other for a while on the "antislavery" circuit.
Just bought a bb app for £2, it didn't even install & it hasn't given me my money back?
remember: YOU control the machine. It does not control you. ; ) (awesome pic)
OK, let's try that again. Honestly, I thought that last instance came up way too fast.
I should have the chance to try one in the next few weeks. Very interested, especially at the price. Will report once I try it.
great thanks! you? xx
please tell me you're gonna come see us at Analog Bar for their industry night Nov 28!!
Tonight was actually a dream.
Nina asks: "Are you greedy or generous?" Ideally, you should be both, if "greed" is to find ways to make museums engaging.
What a 9th inning! I went for a smoothie, and the #Royals scored 6 runs.
