please follow me I love u so much! U r so talented!
Why was the little bear so spoiled ? Because its mother panda'd to its every whim !
"Q: If a motorcyclist runs into a woman, who is to blame? A: The motorcyclist is. He shouldn't have been riding in the kitchen? "
...there are certain experiences you share with someone that should NEVER be shared with anyone else under ANY circumstances... lock & key!
Going to C 2nite in Philly. Hoping 4 #41!
Hanging out with some old friends today and picnicing at the park. :)
#PacerNation #IndianaBasketball #Playoffs Let's GO!
You are my African King.... The boy of my dreams <3
May is finally here!
#FlyMeToLondon DROP TEXAS ENTOURAGE T-SHIRT'S..
so i heard my ex is with a really fat chick now ... i kinda find it funny lol
Thanks for the follow. Looks like you have a nice venue!
Chillin wit my boy
why do you want a boyfriend
RT if you like --- it's FREE pretzel Saturday, come to Tacoma Mall for your pretzel!
Isolation Doomed the Tasmanian Tiger The Tasmanian devil could suffer the same fate as their homeland cousin -- the extinct Tasmanian tig
Finishing off outstanding retouching over the long weekend. That extra day will really help.
Unbelievable game..
I must say I am really interested in trying your kettle bell workouts.
i hate when people stop texting me in the middle of a conversation
Surround yourself with people who will uplift you
We are either masters or victims of our attitudes..who we are today is the result of choices we made yesterday.- John Maxwell
Prize #5: $100 J Crew Gift Certificate
I'm looking for a job while in the same time I am preparing for my CPA examination.
I'd take June or October, too. RT : I wish I were born in April so that my birthstone were a diamond.
did i say that:)?
Very sad to have been shut out of the programming for 20s and 30s session :( But learning about a lot of programs from San Diego
If you have dust mite allergies, encasings for the mattress and pillows are an absolute must according to most allergists....
Why I love my friends... Me: "Last time was such a shit show". : "I know. I can't wait."
So...Dana Spiotta. Really, really good.
Off work now. Talk about a gorgeous day. Headed to Directors park to write and relax for a bit. What is everybody doing tonight?
MY WAY OR THE HIGHWAY!
you'll do fine!!! You're a really good dancer, plus hinshaw loves you!!
You're my wish... Why can't you just realize...?
yo I better see you this Weekend!
is my social media hero!
word. Thought that was weird.
Network with your writing peers tomorrow at Cherrywood Coffeehouse, 6:30.
NVM! I have the song ;D
'In one end and out the other' is a little song I like to sing when I drink water and pee at the same time.
I'm tired I'm Gunna go and listen to my iPod and think of a better place,, nighty nite
Callback just confirmed I have a meeting tomorrow with the Director for the film here in Atlanta....
call us for support, if we can assist you in any way ask for Kenny or Latham! It's free
Interested in studying in Paris? The American Business School is holding an infosession tomorrow noon-1pm in Alter 556! Hope you can make it
Bummed the Packers lost.
Yandy tried to teach Chrissy how to act like a lady, but I guess you can't teach hood chicks anything.
Wearing a dress to school tomorrow.... D: never done that before. im scared
I think we should get a group and go. The fish pedicure is just too bizarre NOT to try. Fancy cameras required.
#csa12 Russell: Academy seems to discourage use of twitter/social publics, yet encourage us to study it. Why limit our potent. intervention?
the 8 min "ovi sucks" chant is much better than simply "ovi" - just sayin
Go check out !
Don't worry... It will be okay...
Cleanser>Micro Derm>Night serum>Moisturizer= Bed time
#NextStupidRealityShow You can sing (or something stupid with MORE singing)
What will win this game, great offense by the Patriots or a strong defense by the Ravens?
My phone is probably gunna die while im at work. Thats what i get for not charging it for 2 days.
lol when kids have no idea what they're talking about.
Ann, Thanks for following.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when u are having a conversation in ur head and u realize u are making faces that go along with the silent conversation.
That's what I thought. I got an email saying "we've added you to our database!" Stuff like that should be OPT-IN!
So much fun! Very nice meeting u too. Hope we have the possibility to play together again. Enjoy Miami! Send me all promo ;)
About 2,500 people here now. Q manager Mike McSweeny says he expects more now folks are getting off work.
Congrats to UK on sweeping Alabama and taking over 1st place in the SEC. They're a Miss. St. sweep away from a school record 21 SEC wins.
Under the mistletoe is AMAZING I'm so proud of you love Santa claus is coming to town :)
Rushing to change before Robb and Harold get here, lol
Let your heart be light, from now on our troubles will be out of sight...And have yourself a Merry Little Christmas now!!! Merry Christmas<3
My two favorite letters in the alphabet right now are V & C. Bless their generous hearts!
So this is awkward -.-
you can call me if you dont (:
Went to a great concert this weekend! Can't wait until the next one!
Thinking about you when i don't want to >>>>>
Twitter is reality...TWITTER IS REALITY!!
Follow and
Whenever I put together IKEA furniture, I think of how much McNulty and Greggs hated it. C'mon, it's not *that* hard.
If we used our minds more wisely, we would not be placed in the embarrassing position of being forced to change them so often. -Manly P Hall
Wonder if the CPD will start chanting the catchy "The CPD are the 99%!" The rhythm is infectious.
I don’t want a broken heart because I’ll lose the pieces
Wow 30 Rock, Community and Parks & Rec all cancelled
will there be a graduation party?
The Silk Tie likes Gus! Our ties are out of this world with your wrestling ability. thesilktie.com
Congrats Blk film critic Wesley Morris on his Pulitzer! Told him 11 yrs ago when he was a newbie at the SF Chronicle that I was his no 1 fan
looking for good comfortable shoes, not necessarily for running as I'm still recovering from surgery last Apr. Can you all help?
Butler: #fairuse prctice mks prctic...i can tell u all this stuff, but if u dont USE IT, will die on vine #erl12 best talk so far, thank u!
Haven't seen one pitch or highlight of the World Series.
Welcome to Twitter! Liked the pic of the lake--now I will know what you mean when you talk about "your bay".
i think i saw professor on the news this morning while i had a double espresso
ANYMORE QUESTIONS?
Nigger you did not just tell me to calm down.
OMG! That is awful!! Better now I hope!
girl, yes!!!! brilliant!!! brilliant!!!
illegal tattoos?
When someone has a tragic event in their life.. first thing they think to do is tweet it?? lol
I like Cassel as a top 12 QB this week. I'd pick him up over starting Tebow
: oh blowout on Thursday all because I told sister to sautee her own dam green beans. I cook for me only
Trick question. No way you played JV let alone two years!! Good luck vs San Antone.
prestwick is ten times nicer
Whatever, Knicks needed that win 😂
You'll have everything else on Thursday, tonight...have TACOS!! Half price tacos & Evan Christian performing live at Charro!
shut upp, im wearing it
Any #streetfood vendors kicking off #StPatricksDay celebrations this morning? Show us your photos!
Vampire Weekend - Taxi Cab - 09:23 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
RT : Federal bill would prevent Milwaukee Soldiers Home campus development (4:44 p.m. 7/10/09): The U.S. House of Rep.. htt ...
Best Boss EVER!
S/O to all my real niggas
Achievement brings its own anticlimax ~ Maya Angelou
Why is NYC killing the parks over-populated geese to feed the homeless? Why did the homeless have to be singled out as the recipients?
The American Legislative Exchange Council will be having a meeting in New Orleans in August, and on the 5th we are going to #protestALEC!
loves fermented raccoon anus, but won't touch walnuts or horchata. Give him a break!
Good grief those special effects are CRAZY! RT SyFy is airing the true story of our local weather
: Rock, are you working on the #Bears broadcasts this season?
The perfect #valentinesday present? Asking your significant other to be your beer pong partner
I'm pretty sure claustrophobia is the reason I can't keep a beard on my face for more than a few weeks
Still getting used to the time difference - relying on caffeinated iced tea to stay awake 'til non-elderly sleeping time!
What an Icarian night
Cum Laude by the Velvet Teen is an awesome drum record/the best bummout record ever.
Lmfao. Aubrey almost broke hers in half..
Living life to the fullest; watching hilarious interviews of #OneDirection :)
fun stuff! Enjoy!
He grew a nasty mustache, I know that!
sup man? :D
I know I haven't made a youtube video in a while but I've been busy with this annyoing thing called life. I promise I will make some soon!
So hopefully one of those helps you out. Good luck!
Even Tom Izzo must think this game is unwatchable
RT : Congrats to the entire cast of !! Break a leg, ! I know you'll be fantastic!! :D
O, that has alliteration! LMAO!
I think my summer job will be selling bottled water on street corners.
This is kinda dick but.... Penis.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.-Coach Darrel Royal
you should check out my client textweek.com - the largest clergy portal in the country. Reaches 300k faith leaders a month.
It's a beautiful day!
When I grow up, I want to be a gay man.
While other fans are getting tweets by , im here still waiting :-/
Did you know #Portland’s first streetcar started in 1871? It was horse-drawn and ran along 1st Street.
Thanks! Hope all's well in Boulder :)
ending my night/early morning with Fast Five :)
Alright I'm changing my password
RT : Prepping for tomorrow's brown bag at "So You Think You Want to Write a Book?" Tough truth, optimism 4 writers.
Horny Tacos.
What you dress up
Chris Paul is always ready to fight.
rep your old one in destin for the triathlon
This just n Fantasia is not pregnant she read the results wrong
LOL!!!! Terrible ": People saying I look like B.o.B. now? If y'all don't get the fuck..."
Immigration Issues, Voting Rights Draw Thousands To Milwaukee May Day March - The UpTake
Whenever you're in trouble in science, go stephanie style. BAHAHAA.
That's just not fair
thank you for always being a really great and amazing means alot
PCAA ED shares more accomplishments than space to twitter.
Friendly Reminder #kubball fans: set your DVR. I forgot to in '08
Zoe blames herself when one of her friends faces a health crisis & she didn’t notice the symptoms = #HartofDixie is ALL NEW TONIGHT at 9/8c
So much shit to get done online and my computer keeps freezing up..NO.ME.GUSTA.
Listening to some classic George Strait
We broke our goal! Thanks for helping us raise over $10,000 in just 5 days. The progressive movement is strong thanks to people like you.
Gonzo's path would be cleared to Mex Nats, World Cup. Step up. RT : Is that lateral move? Not much of step up as in years past.
is goin to hate me for this tweet but I will forever annoy him wit music cuz I love his songs
morning beautiful
that's scary kayla
Smells like jail... LOL.
I remember the days of trying to avoid the rain ruining my hair. These days I welcome the rain!
Uncle Maddio's Pizza Joint Cumberland - Akers Mill Team Trivia tonight at Uncle Maddio's. Hot Pies, $2 Draft Beers, and lots of LOVE....
beans and rice with an occasional grilled rodent when I can find one.
Maya Rudolph is stunning in #johannajohnson, just beautiful!!
Second #superbowl features industrial designer. Felling the LOVE
ok, Q&A over. thanks to and for joining (at least my end of) the conversation! really fascinated by this stuff.
- we're moving to west hollywood in 3 weeks, dude...come check us out!
On our blog you will learn more about us and what we have to offer when our website is done with construction.
Game of Thrones is on.
Counting My Blessings. Alive And Able.
It's on like... a box of Ding Dongs!
bad link for nelson blog post today
What's good tonight...
How about Stuck
Did you see the ricochet? Yikes.
congrats on the Traditional Home award!
she is a sinner
Thank you for giving us some sweet tunes! Great event!
6 Christian Sister's dancing around the kitchen table to "sexy and I know it" it was a sight to behold!
man hit meh up
Just so ya know, today is paperback pub day for THE HIDDEN GALLERY. It's so cute! And it has the beginning of THE UNSEEN GUEST in back.
feels unloved by :'(
we're focused on the US right now, although we've though about going international. If we do, it won't be for a while...
Mowing?! Um.. me mowing? You're making me laugh.
since I follow tons of historians/the follow me, I just got a good historically specific answer to that question, so ha
Good morning everyone! Did the Easter bunny make a stop at your home last night?
Thanks Maybe not chocolate, but cute gifts instead?
what your car wanz is Quanz!
call it a premonition...
First to tweet me their favorite product wins a dining kit!
Brain full. Going home.
Food News Round-Up
So Miz couldn't beat Santino during the Pre-show last night but he can beat Santino now?
yes, so good!
My dog just scratched me down my whole leg
Happy Mothers Day!
We had two great photography shoots at our studio this weekend. One staring a member of a major Las Vegas Show. That was fun!
Who else should be immortalized in the halls of the #FlopOfFame?
AH! I really want an electricity yellow jersey after I find one I'll be going on the hunt for a cheaper
Don't Bogart that bottle. RT : - Table next thought Pouilly-Fumé was a smoked wine; I recommended Cigare.
RT thanks to for these great numbers!
Stick with it - put a sml jar with the vinegar concoction IN the worm factory. Flies go in, worms don't. Works eventually!
Lol you already have Tattoos! :p ...I don't I'm slacking D;
Um glad u feel like dat u just let me know wats up..anywho not gone worry bout it..bumping this music get up wit me
im definently reeling a #randomtweethour to go along with the
RT : It is better to sleep on things beforehand than lie awake about them afterwards.
for some #holiday fun
RT : Also always attribute it to Bucky Fuller. RT I feel the word "clusterfuck" is unfairly ignored
just checking out some of the work people are doing summarizing research findings through video. any recommendations of good ones?
26% Of Working Americans in 2011 did not have sufficient health coverage according to the Commonwealth Fund Health Insurance Tracking...
Baseball, baseball, baseball, when the season starts, fans are gonna be even more crazy than usual
Interesting quote from the new SI article on Kobe Bryant & his father Joe Bryant:
I hope so! Otherwise all that paperwork to turn "14" on my 13th birthday was all for naught.
Thanks for helping us get to 300 followers. Stay posted for more info regarding the free issues!
#thingsiamgoodat eating sandwiches
she is going to be on the final episode ;D
When I was in 6th grade Kids were NOT bad like this. Holy cow. Bad ass kids
The O'Malleys...the only former Dodger owner that are beloved.
Wadt kind of sister im ii yes ndd deed
Congrats to Jon Papelbon of the Phillies -- records his first save of the season!
I guess
How's the atmosphere with you're former Postal Employees?
This is very moving.
excellent time playing tons of new songs at Millersville Univ. - thnx for listening and taking me home (in cd form!)
Thanks for the RT. How was Austin?
Bout To Call My Sis Back
Thanks ! Great to see you too!
I find it easier to write if I'm not trying to preach or teach, ya know? Pressure's off completely.
sure is talented but boy cut that hair!
Love 's yummy tiger chai tea!
oh no! Do you feel naked w/out your phones?
Cool! I shared this with the sci dept at our school. Is there a video of the product in use?
Driving from #Albuquerque to #Farmington #NewMexico is so beautiful...
To date, I have not seen any proofs. Perhaps we need to set a deadline for ?
The more presentations I listen to the more convinced I become that education is at the center of every piece of what we do.
Ok so where do you begin? Start with the DECISION to change your health/fitness status. Make up your mind. The rest will fall into place.
Read the twitlonger and tumblr post! x
Wear Liberty will be selling shirts at the Craft Bazaar on May 12th and 13th! come out for my first ever event!
"I can't resist the sexy slither of a snake"- Barry White in a episode of The Simpsons 🐍
Try using a computer
thanks dolls!!xoxoxo
Nice shot. Source? Photographer?
happy mother's day... waiting on the spawn of jaid 2 bring me a gift *hint hint*
Ha! Do I really want to see it live, though? (Well, yeah.)
Gym time aka staring at bitches in yoga pants from the treadmill
haha ! I don't think I ever will be able to
someone slams the fuckk out of our door everyday and he freaked the fuck out today
Im going to be 24 in a month. It feels weird
The move to Baltimore is just T-5 weeks away.
great article to wake up to on mother's day. congrats on the exclusive!
I WUBBB YOU <3 M O R E!
idk anyone tht has it though...only one other person besides you:)
Chloe Moretz is so pretty :)
Has anyone ever heard of a gay racist? Hm
#EBUS118 Class will start in five minutes. It will go for two hours. There will be tasks to complete in Twitter about every 10 minutes.
I think suits not nerds is why there were so many standbys allowed on my escape from Chicago flight yesterday.
Hundreds of Victorian era photos of homes, mansions, rail stations in Yonkers, NY. No ads, No politics, Just photos. www.VictorianSource.com
Any questions or feedback? Email us at:
he's been in locker room with Kansas team throughout tourney. Hard to turn backs on them now, due to UNC matchup
THAT WOULD BE SO TIGHT! XD
: RT : #Avengers IN F'N Credible!!!!! #teamHULK/// Will see it on Saturday for sure!
Cotto fought the best fight he could - Mayweather knew what he was doing by not knocking him out early - HE WANT ANY AND ALL PPV MONEY
Marquez hoping to win over Pacquiao by knockout | The Chinese ...
So excited to head to seattle for almost 2 weeks on wednesday! Looking forward to spending time with my soon to be in~ laws:-)
Test post from FB to Twitter
Hey help spread the word! Today is #nationalblackAIDSday. Tell everyone in #Nola to get tested
#FridayFightAgainst smoking. My grandfather died that way :(
To the gym I go.
that's hilarious! my rep is 'traveling' - not my problem!
Only at the super bowl can you see Michael douglas, pat Riley and cal Ripken waiting at your hotel elevator bank at same time.
Interesting "innovations" from journalism symposium: demographics driving broadcast news content (!) and lots of reliance on G+
SHOULD FOLLOW ME IM TAKING A TEST AND IF YOU DO I WILL JUST SCREAM I DONT CARE IF A GET A 0
can or cant?
Happy birthday !!
Because we let them. :-(
thanks to you there were no poptarts left.
TAKE CONTROL NOW…before wondering why your jeans don’t fit anymore! Join us TONIGHT – wkshp -‘How to Eat, Drink & Still Shrink Over the Hol…
Should I be afraid that a standup comedian is now following me?
Hardest part of dyeing stuff with acid dyes: waiting for the water to boil.
Everyone in #Denver has changed the channel #TeamLakers #Purps~N~Gold All Day
: Do not put in the new meters in L.A. people across the country who have these meters are having heart problems.
Carrot Top so I could see what he look like with out make up.
Kim Minseok is so cute, I cannot even. Don't. No. You're not 22. Shut up.
We're at King Street Blues in Crystal City! Sitting in the back off to the right of the entrance.
Soccer time!
#dbacks injury news grim: C Young out for more than 15 days; D Hudson shoulder impingement = never a good thing.
Super Grande? Red Head Spider Girl? What
Can we disagree to disagree? And then go get a daiquiri?
RT : I love the sunbeam when it is baking. Corner of Washington Ave. and Studemont.
Books are like a mirror. If an ass looks in, you can't expect an angel to look out. - Arthur Schopenhauer
boo I'm there weekend 2! ah well - lemme know if your hot shot journo skills get you to nyc soon :)
love it when do we sign up? “: Hey check out ! Just what we've been looking for! Follow them and ...
RT : I think it's time for the #armytenmiler! I need a new goal. cc // registering tonight!
Without new experiences, something inside of us sleeps. The sleeper must awaken. ~ Frank Herbert
having another concert in the city !! #bestnight #needtickets !
The only downside to watching #inkmaster is knowing you don't have the cash for a tattoo right now.
Loyalty does not come through hazing.
Went to see TURF #turfindy today. Can't get it out of my mind. Kudos to IDADA for a brilliant exhibit. Indy artists rule!
Neither toxic fumes, fires, nor closed streets can stop the powers of HR and Talent from convening in Boston @ #HCM2012. Day II starts now!
Thanks for the Tweet-Out, John - what are YOU doing up so late???
BURGER NIGHT
Happy Birthday, Ian MacKaye.
TL Question: Rebecca from our team needs a colorful fiesta dress for Cinco de Mayo! Do you have any suggestions?
thx. it's my first #ITC12 ... a bit disappointed in twitter participation here so especially grateful for tweeps like you :-)
- My pleasure, John. U R prolific! Many great blogs
I am who I am....created from the steps I have taken...walking towards a destiny shared by us all
got a cushioned chair. Suck on that
Only two shows left? NO WAY. #firstprize www.kefproductions.com
Being President is NOT A TEAM SPORT. Santorum is an empty suit. Romney is a liberal suit.
I would love a Torch. Is it really worth the headache of using AT&T? How's the coverage? Any hidden fees? I use to use AT&T.
Mrs. Ciaccia is a fucking bitch and I hope she dies during child birth.
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Say U'll be my Deruler (say u'll be mine)
The Jesus I know is the most liberal person in the New Testament.
Well, duh! Tweet me before your next visit!
Just started it last night, definitely digging it so far...
A good government remains the greatest of human blessings, and no nation has ever enjoyed it.
relax... Not u
Blah.. I'm sleepy. Going to bed soon; School tmrw; Then hanging out with my baby :]
Your Annoying Me Go Play In The Free Way
I absolutely love Powerade! :) so refreshing!
Can't help but think a new British government would have been formed by now if Dumbledore was still alive.
If we wait for the moment when everything, absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin.
WILL YOU WISH ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!:)
By all means, move at a glacial pace. You know how that thrills me.
So because someone is keeping score, this fundamentally alters the equation... how?
that was obviously my house, because I have a picture of Louis and Angelica in my home.
I was thinking May, but I might be leaning towards Cotto.
hello! what's up?!
Social media is about dialogie, not monologue
thats great now u hav to get it off ur mind ill tell u more in a hour kk i gota get sleep
"when youre broken, and youre shattered, love will save you from disaster."
looking forward to seeing you too!
will u follow me plz and HAPPY HALLOWEEN
he said he wasn't gonna make another on because this is the second time he got hacked
you on facebook?x
Thanks for the FF!
You two kids don't actually believe in Sasquatch, do you?
Thanks for the inspirational blog on NPR
not really sure how the two go together.
Got a ShopVac? Put some paper towel in the bottom if the canister and hope for the best?!
Need a question answered quickly? Post it to
sorry I spelt your name wrong in my last tweet! I hope you saw it though! The movie is so good and it won't get old until..never!
Am I the only one who sees a resemblence between John Tortorella and Dennis Miller?
Sad news; me too. RT : Just heard that the Cumberland Cinema is closing. Very sad - saw so many good movies there over the years.
agreed! : Love it! RT : "How do you know when an idea is innovative? When it scares the hell out of everybody."
Glad to be off work heading home
did he?
So excited for the MSU/Mich. game. Get ready East Lansing...here I come!
Huh I hate being lied on!
One swallow does not make a summer.
Lol ikr same here sis.........he is still adorable love ya greyson
#TEAMYCB IS BUSY AT THE MOMENT CREATING AMAZINGNESS ... WILL BE BACK SOON
follow me!?!
It's picture week @ my daughter's dance studio. I am tweeting from my car in the parking lot. It's utter chaos in there
We once reviewed the code to discover when a particular design started but the audit information was not particularly helpful-more curiosity
I Never Missed Houston More Than I Do Now...
US urged to complete probe of 2010 border death in San Diego after video surfaces via
haha i say that on the daily. I always forget I can' answer my own questions with Google :-)
Got some great ideas about collaboration from Lamonia Brown at It pays to open your mouth and say what you're up to in life.
tell your mom I said hi beautiful
Ready, get set, go...directly to BullFish on Friday, May 21st for the 24-hour wine sale.
Had a great time at the USD vs SDSU game. I can't wait until it gets hot again!
Thank god for yo gabba gabba! I'm a good friend, I can say that with confidence! :-)
My iPod is letting me do everything but crop a picture. Every time I try it turns off. The picture is of myself.
i like austin mahone
People Hit You Up Like Follow Me and Follow My YO'S but none of them are Following You? WTF is That?
are you that uneducated and trashy that you can't express your thoughts in a respectful way?
How awesome is that? Very cool.
On my way to Boston for the weekend with my baby : )
followed you back !! (:
Tex mex breakfast is always an option! what say ye? You did an outstanding job !
Loving the official app! It rocks.
Saturday, March 31: Man City v Sunderland, 9am, ESPN2/ESPN3.com Aston Villa v Chelsea, 9am, FOX Soccer QPR v Arsenal, 9am, FOX Soccer Plus
the monotone voice of disapproval 2 women & the high pitched "im excited" to meet you voice for guys?
could've gave me a quick hug -.- or hi!
There is next season and TIMMY will be better!!!
er...normal sized? I have no idea how to measure a bike.
I can't wait to see the Hunger Games. Omgomgomg.
My mom is so fucking annoying.
Can't pump your own gas in Oregon. Didn't know that until this morning.
Finished watching through Six Feet Under. Now starting The Walking Dead.
HAY TWEET MY NUMBER 1234567890. LOLOL COOL.
This is gonna damage my angry rock chick cred, but kinda loving "Girls". , awesome as always.
To anyone who has prom... Um, it's gonna rain, bring an umbrella. Oh, and have a good time. xx
LOVING your pink blouse! xx
It's just not my week..
Check your DMs. This isn't about you.
I got a hangover to cure, point me in the direction of the nearest bloody Mary.
going to HEB to procure beer, milk and beer.
ha I'm trying but yay we needa talk I feel like we haven't been sistery like in a while
One reason a dog can be such a comfort when you're feeling blue is that he doesn't try to find out why. ~Author Unknown
ooh love the box idea!
*Boone's Lick
Cody Simpson, you are beautiful. I freaking love you. :)
EVERY American should pay MORE in taxes. That's why you need to vote for us in November!!!
This is annoying my iHeart radio isn't working.
Dont feel like going to work :/
Going to St.louis today for a band competition! Fell asleep at 1 in the morning and I'm already up and ready to go!
thanks for the tip. Turns out the all-on-a-page layout of whenisgood is what I needed this time.
Test, learn, adapt! Prove the ROI in two cycles. More companies need test budgets AND marketers who can measure!!!
Hashtag use appears to be a common problem at museum events. Lessons: 1. No hyphens 2. Put lots of signage up and make announcements.
Is there a place with more info? When and where? We'll let people know!
Nothing gets more archivists in a room like the words Digital Dilemma
so what r u gonna do on #cincodemayo?
So funny you should say that. I have a Ford truck parked at home that I don't use. Lol I rode a bunch of hills to get to that..
lets go to the northwoods one!!
Isn't it great to find you're really worth nothing?
Now that Mike Vick is released from Federal custody, and served time in full, & lost sponsors and NFL pay for 2yrs - is a new start fair?
I like your pics on your twitter home page
"Bubba, you want a shirley temple on the rocks?" "No! I'll get fat!" Lmao
I've always assumed it was OS cruft, greater memory use, etc. But clean OS install can still be slow.
: I dunno. There's always a line. Sometimes people toe it, sometimes they cross it.
has to be the most entertaining tweeter. He is the man!
Haven't had a chance to test out any of your tricks yet but I hope to soon!
it is me and my sons bdays this weekend. Hope u have tons of fun. Lots of love to u. Have a safe holiday! Twugs!
joking of course
excellent software :) Putting together a next-gen radio show prototype and this is ridiculous. Holy fucking shit, kids. Who_Oah.
I was born ready for this talent show!!
She wanted everybody to notice her, now she got every disease out there
taking care of my little nephew! <3 :D
Loiter Squad in 20
Purdue & Mich are out. But BigTen still has Ohio St, Indiana, Mich St & Wisconsin in the Sweet 16. Not bad.
Will try to follow #chartership convo but tricky at work. Good news... I registered & contacted mentor last week :)
Everyone has a plan... until they get hit... George Foreman Heavy Weight Champion
I love it babe
Lunch with my nieces
lmaoooo YAY you guys found me...and why did my followers go up hnahahahahah
tonight. the sweet sounds of will penetrate your ear holes ever so gently on kiss fm. its not his first time
Space - the final frontier! Can't wait to play! Next up: under the sea?
congrats! sounds like a fun new job with a great group
I'll like to see it :]
My mom was the master of that!
where in Cleveland are you gonna be?
Been happening for about 45 min. It has everyone all jacked up who uses #GoDaddy &
Gosh, it would be great if people stopped breaking our windows!!
A cookie is just a cookie, but a Newton is fruit and cake.
Looking For A New #Team --> (=
My allergies are crazy right now. Sniffle..
aw feel better!
Seiries is now 3 Dallas Mavericks Miami Heat 2!
Nothing funnier than getting called ugly
Thanks for the follows
does hunting season open today!?
You're probably right. Why didn't I guess that! You are the best, don't forget.
#Knicks won 7 in a row without Melo and now they have lost 6 in a row with him.
Appreciate you homie!
Just a rumor
EndNote should consider a work-around other than the use of groups for the systematic review exclusion process
hey chris where can i see your portfolio?
It's only ironic that my should've-been anniversary today fell on Friday the 13th.
Any guess on who the #Packers take with their next pick?
Yes the NBA has fewer markets that have the ability. Some cities have no business having a team. N.O. CHAR off top of my head
I wanna party tonight I'm in that mod
You're FRANK-tastic!
Time for a resurrection.
you're in...good luck! #JLB tomorrow night at the Bayou in Mt Vernon NY if ur around :)
just call me Dr. Joe....
SpiritSky11040 I have friends from all over the world. I have 2 from Croatia!
Atlantic City, here we come!
thanks for tweet!
the link just takes you to some girl's twitter?
watching doctor oz show!!!
just watched "Becoming Jane" preceded by "Jane Austen Book Club"... either have 2 re-read all 6 books or go 2 sleep in state of melancholy
It requires students to be responsible for their digital network. Fights at recess could be on a global scale!
#Then on Tuesdays I would go to BestBuy and buy the hot new cd and dvd #Now I strictly download music and Netflix or Redbox my movies
If you call errbody yo friend you can't hang with me
Happy New Year everyone! My Resolution is to lessen the number of syllables I speak, so 2012 will be hereby pronounced
sounds expensive
#caedu 70% of CA residents don't have children in our schools. They vote too. Get the word out!
defeated by a 3/4 done memo. perhaps I will be more brilliant on Monday morning.
Did just fucking everyone forget their manners today?
Everyone who is following me please send out 5 tweets to your followers to follow me...Thanks in advance :)
LOSING WEIGHT:
I know people who make good money and still have no home internet. They only use smartphones - the ones with wifi hotspots.
Hey global warming - tornado watch in Ohio in November - wth?
Again, some people never learn!
ha! Oh whatever.
#AFS11 but. . If we call folklore something else, we lose its focus
I still i dnt kill
... oh & the only girl actually WATCHING the game
I wrote it down, but idk I sorta didn't get it, but now I do. Thank you :)
Great Time !! Loved the impromptu get together! Stay warm and have fun!!
A school tour is going through the studio, doing my best to look miserable.
as for me gonna finish ASU next semester unfer a communications degree. Then on to the entertainment biz hopefully. :)
Part one of Bucky's Very Bad Day a success. #mubb Go Sparty!
Good Morning
loves this!
36 Vegetarian Recipes for Dinner. Roasted Garlic and Smoky Greens Soup - CHOW Love the 36 vegetarian recipes for dinner on CHOW today
>>>MLM News! Invado International( New Company Listing )
Exercise is associated with reduced incidences of heart attacks & other cardiovascular events in post-menopausal women.
Time to review: Did you do your absolute best today? What could you have done differently? What will you do tomorrow?
On my way to see Leanne. :)
New BG thanks to >>
No roommate = sleeping in my underwear tonight.
It's not a dress, it's a kilt, sicko! ;)
Thanks to whoever called my 91 year old grandmother this morning pretending to be me saying I'm in trouble in Mexico, please send me $3000.
omg. Why?
Wish I could join you guys but can't escape work. Ah! Stand strong, brothers and sisters!
he just postponed his decision ..
Thx for the #follow Follow my friend - they
nice videos!
hi:) Can't wait to see you at eyecon!!
Yellow Cab Magazine voted us: Best Place for late night snack.
Seemingly healthy menu items are oftentimes not. 1 Applebee's Oriental Grilled Chicken Salad at 1,250 calories = 3 and 2/3 Applebee's...
BO #aztecs... replay doesnt show the T.
me ether but i have to go nd if i go u gotta go
About time girl!!! Welcome back!!!
What's goin on tonight?
Not bad, you?
"Why don't you put your pants back on,......is your screen name BirdManXoXo" -Chris Hansen probably
I'm chillin'.
Duck dynasty is funny aF
this makes me wanna cry!
Happy Birthday to my Grandma Baker. Today's her 21st birthday. She's finally of age.
haha, good trip, time to catch up on sleep, how are you doing?
#thatawkwardmoment when someone gets a solo at church and you think to yourself, "THAT'S WHAT YOUR VOICE SOUNDS LIKE!?! ew."
What your mom said: "Get a job. Make some friends." What you heard: "Get money, f*ck b*tches."
thats the way its always been :)
Accent Question 2: What is the bug that when you touch it, it curls into a ball? Me: I have no idea! What do u guys think?
I Will.
“: Just one month away and Wavefront begins!”
what u doing up so early lol
that's for following and being a fan. how CJ doing?
3 days, 13 hours, 42 minutes & 20 seconds until Christmas. Are you ready?
glad you thought it was wack too Kat. This ish has to stop!
I believe that you're referring to gamsification. ;)
SA is lovely!
RT : Pettitte used to always say Berkman was right after Jeter in most clutch hitters he's ever played with
Was thinkin up business ideas in my sleep. No lets put em to practice
Can't wait to see everyone tonight!
By, "I need to pake another tiss" I mean i`m good on drinks for now.
Still laying in my bed in the dark. My dog is snuggled up with me. My phone hasn't gone off all day. #Single girl problems
Shut yo mouth!
Eva Mendes will you marry me?
it's sunny over in seattle - how's your day going ? (:
please wish my amazing best friend a happy birthday
Ohio Bobcats: valiant effort vs #1 seed N. Carolina. Bobcat Nation is standing proud.
Isn't it the oil with which Mary Magdelene anointed the head and feet of Jesus? I may have some details wrong!
Summerfest date announcement soon !!
Be patient. How bout B Jennings?
You can mix it with a tiny bit of water and it makes PB for break, or use the powder in a shake! Awesome w/ Chocolate Shakeology?
Blaise luvs lounging on her sofa with her growling monster
& go follow them they follow back who ever mention them & promo will get for more followers
Get ready for game time! Where will you be watching the game?
I believe in you.
Being pregnant and working in a theme park is tough...I want a hot dog, nachos and a funnel cake so bad right now.
Nobody likes a bitch.
Q: who *doesn't* have a google account? No one raises hand.
Follow your heart, but be quiet for a while first. ASK questions, then FEEL the answer. LEARN to TRUST your heart.
Happy Easter!
Happy Valentines Day :)
#Microsoft is bringing it. Not sure how to monetize #photosynth but It's pretty darned cool. Guess I'll be binging it later
Guiliana Rancic on Nicki Minaj's Versace Grammy Outfit: "It's too much fabric for me, I could wear it, my whole family could wear it."
Find what makes your heart sing and create your own music
I still have hope for something I ended.
Department of Redundancy Department
Must have the ability to work effectively as part of a team.
I can't tell One Direction how much I love them with only 140 characters.! xx
Thanks, Ericka for my word of the day:
hell yes! :D
Meet Paul Teller of the U.S. House of Representatives Republican Study Committee (RSC) today at SPA drop-in advising, 3:30-5pm, Ward Lobby
#IDontPartyBecause my names Luke
Me and Ryan Gosling at FunFunFunFest! in case you missed it. Azz Everywhere!
this classroom is so quiet & the rain is so soothing :) whaddup naptime!
Getting ready for "Wizards" at #DualDuel with Zip, Zap, Zoltar.
Stress level is extremely high right now :-/
Do I hate the heat yea. Do I hate waking up this early yea. Do hate Fridays hell naw its juicy time tonight !! Flashback tonight
Loyalty & Being Real is hard for some people.
#ronpaul on the deficit-I would cutting a trillion dollars in the first year. *applause* What happens when he cuts programs u support?
• This should not be gender specific. I don't want to see nasty man toenails either.
sushi in the shape of a birthday cake
Ignore people and multitask! ;) Jokes.
Broccoli Samurai live at the Grog Shop this Friday with Don't miss out on the party!!!! Tix $5 in advance, $8 at the door.
Hello great site
Hit my driver's side window on the garage door... Oops.
I agree, you still disagree with me on Amare? Meaning knicks better all around without him?
Should I write to you here for the Free Reading? Nancy
so can I get your digits
love it!
About to have a chilli dog. My mind is so heavy right now.
So what we get #drunk. So what if we don't sleep. We just havin fun. That's how it's supposed to be
Why are we still on this? If people so upset w/Obama, why not find smthg else? Maybe b/cause there is nothing else?!
Really?? Ow! Still going to TFW like that?
lol I've not been to Happy w/ them but I'm not failing either. Ugh, I want this to end. >.<
Hey, come on now, at least get it right. Bobcats! ;)
i like the brown better!:)
Terrible officiating! “: yep RT : refs are not calling the game fairly.”
Same to you guys, let's get together soon! : Congrats to you on a great issue! Happy Spring!
All I've eaten today is Pasta and Bread for all 3 meals. I'm not complaining... It just feels like there's a brick-o-wheat in my stomach.
Leverage other technologies into email, i.e. reviews, recommendations, social comments, etc.
Awesome, congrats to your brother #JazzDay #Represent! (:
you know exactly what I mean lol. You made the face
Injuries are the worst part of loving sports. We should all be able to enjoy our favorite players without them missing games.
Scared & sacred are spelled w/the same letters. Terrify & terrific. Every negative experience holds the seed of transformation. ~ Alan Cohen
please DM your contact info. Thanks!
left side-nose. 3 holes on left ear.2 holes & cartilage on right. I did have industrial but it got infected, i had surgery
Lmao damn bro bout to get it started lol!!!!!
\(°o°\) - when i know an answer in class.
u know ur nephew jaison bday is saturday...so what u gettin him???? im sure itll be nthn at all
Bruce Chen has to be chewing on a Everlasting Gobstopper doesn't he?
" military family resources helped my kids & allowed me to relate to my family" says Major Nico Marcolongo, served in Iraq War
Home. sick :\
#Colts reunite Andrew Luck with his TE Coby Fleener.
#10ThingsIWantToHappen I want to be happy.
Pregaming a wedding reception. I don't know if this classy outfit is going to fool anyone. I'll be the one at the bar and/or on a groomsman.
can yhu send me all the parts
I thought so too!!
watching animal planet and having coffee in the morning is the shit!!!
guess which one supports the POV to support Zimmerman
the things whispered here seems to be the things best heard.
i miss you already :/
So strange...Soldiers in da bus?Wtf?!
of what a guy who just wants in their pants looks like - and avoid him. Many women have
just auditioned for Cedar Point Mountain Man
how much of my holiday weekend will "the post ALA stuff I couldn't get to because of work catchup" take?
Congratulations you go girl!!!
You should not have problems now. We are humming now...RT : Why can't I sign up to Blastoff?
#BuddyMediaTL Padvertisement is the next big DOOH business breaking out in 2012. Our product will bedazzle the tablet advertising world.
... lmao yea, :( ... I did some misbehaving. I said I wanted his lil asian cock to just relax in my mouth. :)
R.I.P. Dick Clark
"I'm so bored that I'd be entertained even by a stupid fuckin linoleum floor,linoleum floor.Yr lyrics are dumb like a linoleum floor"
Hells ya we are!
and so the doodle jump battle is on tonight
Damn #BrunoMars knockin this one out the park!!
Um.. I accept.;) Hahaha see the thing is, these guys who always ask me are never attractive, personality wise or physically.
Its too cold in this classroom >.<
Voice dictation, a "touch of Siri" apparently. RT : #Apple welcomes #Siri to "new iPad"
Oh, I suppose, but I have always had a perverse soft spot for Pete Campbell, incidents w/ Peggy and Swedish nanny notwithstanding.
Great #quote! -> “Patience, persistence & perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.” Napoleon Hill Translation - HUSTLE HARD!
Does every good date start with a nap? If so than so far I'm doing great.
where can our crew out in Indiana cop that Kid Cloud Design? Plndr..kloop?
So envious! Wish I was going! RT : sending out ARCs in advance of BEA! cc
Just seeing umbrella now? Love it!
RT: Touring Ohio explorers the vibrant community of #Northside with ! Only On Demand Channel 411.
Preach it! RT : T1 HONESTLY....ITS THE PATIENT WHO IS MOST IMPORTANT! Not the nurse, not the doctor, not the hospital
uh my crazy ass if I was there!! So not fair and so jealous
oh...o.o well im glad you didnt xD
I . Need. Dirty Work !
peanut m&m's are in my future..too bad I don't have any. :(
Spending all your time responding to others? Turn off new message alerts and you might just find you have time for a workout.
I know. I think you would choose the "More than I can count" option which is how I answered.
I was thinking the same thing. did you ?
Steve Blake I'll be seeing you
i know haha. Saying he needs to. They need to get someone better than that chump
Gave project url to 1st researcher yesterday: hope for positive feedback during the user process...
Chimpanzee trailer. >>>>>
Lets help Alex reach that goal !!!!!!!!! Come on Acons
went from rails 3.0 to 3.1. test suite became 2x slower. changing gem 'mysql' to gem 'mysql2' fixed it!
I don't know why you follow me. I just don't know!!!!
It's actually eleventy billion thousand times better. RT : Hyperbole is a thousand times better than exaggeration.
yea my sister dragged me to the Bright Eyes show Z it was free I couldn't complain!
March is Natl Athletic Trainer Month. has 62 LATs and the ONLY P200 in Indiana.
has one more pair of tickets to see win them around 5:30!
messing around with Sitegrinder 3 demo. seeing how clean this code is..
can kill 150 people
Chris, I'm praying that God will work a miracle and heal you. We know He is the great physician and can do it.
life sucks so i roundhouse kicked a random dude into next week youll see him next friday
great joke! Its picture day, we might have to use that to get students smiles!
Please RT our previous tweet to all of your followers ... thanks in advance!
I'm on hour 2 of a Hoarder marathon on A&E and I've been drunk 3 times and have tried committing suicide twice and I have 22 hours to go!
what the hell!
Love this! Merci beaucoup! >RT Get on the river! Check out Above the Falls Sports: kayak tours on the Mississippi near DT
just made this twiter cuz i love DRAKE!<3
RT : RT : “It is better to risk saving a guilty man than to condemn an innocent one.” Voltaire
Tomorrow Whole Foods Market will be donating 5% of the days profits to Briarpatch Runaway and Homeless Youth Program.
-- evening temple bells / stopped in the sky / by cherry blossoms #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
Happy Canadian Thanksgiving to all! Off to celebrate with and other cool cats
what kind? pomagrante or the mango one?
until $ is out of politics and our version of capitalism better represents externalities we will be functionally voiceless
please please go follow it would mean so much to her! 
Time fucking flies
Happy Bobby Valentine's Day!
"Pray without ceasing." Just make sure your prayers are about preying on others.
im tellin ya
is my hero
follow me! Im a new street team member, Tasia kester told me about it. (:
Wondering if #11 could add express buses, like I've seen w/other routes.
Ok so...last night was killer! My band The #MapLegends ripped it! The crowd was so amazing! I had the time of my life at CBGB!
Congrats to Tami on winning the Vegas Sweepstakes! Thanks to all who entered! :)
much appreciated, my friend
Wow!!!!!!!! I'm speechless just thinking about it!
ok see, see, now you found yaself a nigga..you was lookin for a nigga? nigga here now!!
you know it, how's it going dude?
let's play!
Waiting at Starbucks while Su and Jennifer renew their PRC passports here in Houston.
Come to HU Tonight for the NUL's State of Black America 2012 town hall event!
RT RT if you miss someone.
we will see you tomorrow. will be celebrating a clients birthday! Can't wait!
Don't miss Scouting for Girls perform in Lincoln on 3 Sept with Glee inspired G*Mania and Lulu!
Agreed. Dancing dude + egg guy + Doug from Seattle = heckuva premiere! #liveonkomo cc
A.B.N. reunited I know my nigga Clip smiling down on tha fam
Groupon acquires online retailer Mertado (buy the competitors)
what's up with that!
“You have to see it to be it. Picture your objective and achieve it.”
No, No symbols have been loaded for this document for YOU
Thanks for the RT! Please, let us know if we can do anything for you.
Im lost can u show me something
They all became democrats???
YOU GUYS ARE TAKIN' UP MY HOME PAGE D:<
#dead RT : ": Just inhaled my first cig #YOLO" you now have lung cancer congrats
YEAH AUGUST. I WENT THERE!
When my love ...goes bang bang bang ..u better run for coverr u sweet little thang lol (in pops voice)
i don't have many problems in my life, i just come to twitter for them. :)
starving... I desperately need some nosh..
I'm still trying to get images to load...it's been a long day so far.
Thank you!!
thanks for the #FF!
Just remember that I'm through all your shit I'm the only one that's still by your side ....
I'm a cowboy fan, however, watching the skins game... Are you not allowed to hit a quarterback anymore???
“: Was this at Courthouse?” The haze yesterday morning - @ Courthouse & then in pm haze/mask @ Farragut West.
I appreciate the Follow Back. You're correct! Thanks! Hope you have a
Xavier's dance concert is June 23 @ 6pm. Grp rate tix are $20 each. Wanna go? If so, how many tix?
RT : I support -- so much that I'm going to donate $1 for each RT of this post. #Obama2012”
Good for you brother!
Did My Make Up In The Car. Ehh"/
: Do it RT : people who say it cannot be done, should not interrupt those who are doing it.
are you thinking earthquake?
At long last, you'd get to see TF Masterfoce the way you've always wanted to: with crisp sound and clear video.
yea I will be there Saturday. Can't go Friday cause of this school thing
Today is the perfect day for our most popular item- Strawberry Chicken Salad w/ mandarin oranges, pecans, feta, & strawberry vinaigrette!
If my writing is bad-blame twitter. Between abbreviations, a few words i say "wth" instead of "i am very displeased with what has happened"
Cancel one. And do the rest.
Happy Mom's Day M!
Lakers show the Clippers who owns Los Angeles!!! And of course Kobe was clutch at the end! Lakers #1 KB 24 MVP!
My abstract got accepted for publication in A 's Anthropology News !!!
these niggas playing football on the court
Hey why don't you go look yourself up on wikipedia
Will be sporting a jersey for Super Bowl - like you brought out your hats for the royal wedding?
Get Rozzell back involved!
Don't start anything you can't finish
Burning Man at the Conference on World Affairs Fresh off her well-received (and lightning-speed) talk about Burning Man at The Economist
"We may run, walk, stumble, drive or fly, but let us never lose sight of the reason for the journey."
"Charles Barkley always droppin names, aye baby shoutout to you baby aye..." lol at Inside The NBA
she thinks that happiness is a mat that sits on her doorway.
Say it ain't so???? What ever is this world coming to? No mobile food picnic spot with trees, tables, umbrellas and chair's
#Ferrari is sitting in 4th place in #F1 standings going into the Spanish GP. Do you think Fernando Alonso will have a successful homecoming?
I know a great band! DM your email and I can send info!
Today is pi day!! What is your favorite pie?? Mine is Apple!!
Yoga is the most natural and free way you can enjoy and live life, try it ;-)
There is nothing to eat in my Fridge :(
Reconciliation through repentance over justice and purity does not sound like Menno status quo.
Visitors can expect to see Chowder and Clementine teach their offspring to swim, play, forage for food, and catch fish.
I forgot Ofest the following weekend.
fucc pretty riccy stop sending us stuff about them niggas
Me too, too!
Doing taxes today...
Steal their Starbucks and lunches... cc:
Pinterest has consumed my life
what is this referring to?
stay out of my account your not funny or I'm just gonna delete my account
its not quieter, just angrier lol
RT : have thrown my hat in for
Its so hot!/:
Hey there ! You're right--about those #crazyeyes. It's a scary cover indeed.
Today we fish where the fish are
Watching the original Batman with my daughter and she just keeps asking when he's going to get his suit on.
I love being stranded at the mall
I think I'll go to bed for a while, after all its Sunday! hahahahaa
RT Emery says McClellin is a defensive end in Bears defense
If you're not busy, listen to our song! You can hear it on our facebook.. Like us! facebook.com/stoneatlantic
ROB ZOMBIE ROB ZOMBIE ROB ZOMBIE!!!!! I got my eye on YOU!!!!!!!
Siri is useless.
“To acquire the habit of reading is to construct for yourself a refuge from almost all the miseries of life.” W. Somerset Maugham
Flight for life en route to cycle crash in Brookfield at Moorland rd
re: "sponsored by X" though I know better, I'm still slightly wary. Can't wait to hear what others say
Your killing me smalls.
If I was at home, today would be a holiday.
K his voice is amazin he da 1 who went off durn french
- your team is off the hook, thanks for a stellar tasting!
it is, especially if you are connecting theories of race to imperialism. Also covers human zoos... Kids liked it.
Our cat hospital's network (patient files & xray machine) are all connected. No net, several PCs go down
Notice me please, I love you
💨💨💨💩👍 this is going in the library of congress
omg thts how it is :{
Am I asking for too much?!? It can't be this hard.
yoooooooo mad intense. I can't imagine how Moza feels. Haha
Fun time with Mickey Amelia & Spiegel (& Scott) this morning, plus some good wedding advice from The Queen! Great way to start the day!
did you like the edukators?
Hey hey. How are you doing this week? On the road for work already?
In #nycschools, attend drops in May and June: 5% in elementary, 7% in middle, 10% in high school.
Wait? Kobe got in the game? Metta murdered someone? I should have skipped class today.
i did
A week from today I'll be on my way to sunny San Diego - sad to leave Milwaukee but excited for a new adventure :)
ERRYBODY GO & FOLLOW ----> FOR THE LIVEST MOST MINDLESS TWEETS EVA!!!
Anyone using Final Cut X now after the crash and burn release it had? Thinking about booting up my copy and finally learning it.
Dear Twitter, Why do I have to express my feelings in 140 letters or less? love, the girl that always sends 3 pages for one txt
I met a boy named Chelsea today.
Ugh i hate walking without my ipod
Totally true. Either did
If I ever leave Boston (for whatever reason), I want to take the Riverwalk with me.
You Welcome!
Thanks Nanette I appreciate it.
- www.greennote.com can also help students with #college expenses. Donor campaigns can help pay for books, lab fees or ??
Forecast for Rest Of Tonight: Cloudy. Scattered showers with isolated thunderstorms late this evening. Lows in the...
i'm going to attempt to re-pierce my earrings by myself :D
Score! Thanks B!
THE BASH IS COMING! THE BASH 2012 - DMSC'S NEW YEAR'S EVE
Thanks! I think these will be fun this Summer :D
Congratulations President!
And then you will make a killing in syndication.
haha just try lol it's easy for a guy to do it then a girl
oh :p lol duncan loves his hamster!
First in line at the panel, natch.
Ugh I think I messed up my back like it seriously hurts in desperate need of a massage :((
I've been listening to the same song all day.
Some dreams stay dreams, some dreams come true!
I decided I wasn't going to come down. I was going to fly. I was going to stay up in the air forever. Jesse Owens
1st census lists a widower & his 9-yr-old; kid's listed in an "orphan asylum." 2nd, the widower is dead of consumption, no son
- the best shows out there! I'll be busy acquiring tomorrow...
I hate that guy haha
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!!!!!
I was in the ER all night cause i broke my hand from punching. Sucks
Half the lawn really needs a mowing and the other half is yellow from no rain. What to do..?
I'm tired. Learning all the things is hard.
seriously-that's insanity. But glad you are now on board with the awesomeness:)
We are about to announce the giveaway for the Jason McCourty Autographed Photo. Who's ready?
i saw most of mirror mirror today it was cute!
Lol bowling was mad fun !
What a throw by Manning!!
Boy, some of these MW schools will not be happy. New Mexico 0 scheduled TV games. Colorado State has 1. Wyoming has 1. Ouch.
Ugh I'm missing him like crazy, and he won't wake up lol
its my birthday today do you think I can get a shoutout? Its my 16th :)
Havent seen much return on it....doesnt keep my attention. But I am a true Google user..latitude, gmail, voice etc.
These laces are untied, but my feet are still walking away.
u guys gave us in Milwaukee a hell of a fight. The outlaw will rise again
Had so much fun last night! Rachel is super sexy and sweet and the music dominates heavily! Thanks again guys
Now you're just being mean
I'm so glad you tweeted this. I love the New Species series!
he will ONLY come back if he considers her as his "home"
Hopefully gonna get some mixing done after work tomorrow for the new MSF record :) you guys will love it!
Anyone know how to get rid of an annoying cold
Um, Carlota, the shoes are great but consider the fact that you have to negotiate NYC terrain.you'll be
#NW national security (:
Right now my dear friend visiting from out of town is playing out in the sun with my toddler. And I.... Get to enjoy faculty senate.
This RT : A&T gets on my last nerve!
Sorry to hear about your grandpa. Big Blue fans in Dallas thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
When random people come into your house 😱
Son is playing games and I'm out front relaxing from yard work. Busy place today! I'm in a red space shuttle t-shirt.
they all look horrible!!!!
Did Harrison just get fined again?
The problem really is the catalog. It would be great to have parts of the website made mobile, but w/o the catalog, it's nada.
Thanks Amy! RT :
I really really hate being bored...so im just gonna draw.:p
Smile... It confuses people
We would love to hear the feedback and sorry about the registration yesterday. We'll get that sorted for next year.
Heading out to the king for a dominican tasting
Let's end the season the way we started it with a win over Kansas!
Cause iam the bomb lol u was the queen of twittet..RT that's when I started February 2009 idk how I even found u.
I hate being an only child. I'm always home alone.
Chillin on a dirt road..
cause the eggs you suck on are too rotten TWOgs
Are you playing safe? We offer #imprinted condoms. www.BNoticed.com
Be interesting, be enthusiastic, and don't talk too much. ~ Norman Vincent Peale
Thank's!!
I hope who ever coined the term word play is run over by a skool bus
i thought they were angels. They turned out to be ambulances.
What a fun day! With thx to all who attended today's Creating Powerful Radio workshop here in Vancouver!
Glad to follow
There is a girl that looks just like #caseyanthony in
- glad you agree! I was going to, but kept thinking it would be overkill. I have a 5 month old so for piece of mind -I will do it!
Three more class sessions done. Much thanks to the instructors and students of #comm509, #comm704, and #comm346. You guys rocked!
What kind of people do you expect to attract with an ass for an Avi and a Username with "wetlips" in it?
#incaseyoudidntknow, I don't know either
thanks for the follow! Listening to vinyl tops our favorites list as well!
I would never have amounted to anything were it not for adversity. I was forced to come up the hard way. -J. C. Penney
": Never stop Believing !!!!!" Yes indeed!
To be cut off after NINE YEARS because your people want to talk shit about me would make anybody bitter and miserable.
Lightroom 3 has been rendering 1:1 previews for over 24 hrs now. Maybe time for an upgrade to the ol MacBook.
Aw! It's just like I'm six. :)
you birthday coming up?? If you want to throw a party at any of these venues HIT ME ON THE DM!! Societe--Halo--Allure--Privilege--Apostrophe
Thanks for the recommendations!! I'm looking forward to trying them out this week!
I didnt see that to now! I wish I were there
Intellect >>>>> Emotion
I don't hate you. I'm just not necessarily excited about your existence.
Hey I just followed u i'm in the v 103 room
UK / L-ville Baseball Game on Louisville TV?
fixed thanks
i really dont give a shit about the nfl. played tennis golf soccer track bball darts baseball racquetball volleyball kickball flipcup &on...
" the quality of the restaurant is many times different, and almost always better than in the United States." True.
and how you know im not a stalker and live in yo area...lol
Tues/Weds storm may bring a mix of sleet and freezing rain to Milwaukee and Chicago...stay tuned
Mom comes home soon. #yay #NOT 
I think it's because you have a certain tv service that not everyone has, I have direct tv.
hope you're feeling good chris!!
Excited for the weekend. I GET to write a paper & attend The Truth About Choice at Dominican University.
thank you! i'd love to see those red dirt roads! came up with a rockin' backdrop for this song. can't wait to finish it!
"I was in a punk band called Death!" I can see voters responding well to that.
Great day 1 in New Orleans! Looking forward to our talk tomorrow from 11-noon in room 252. Stop by, you'll see Speech Buddies clinical data!
RT Prosecutor says #yeardley survived for two hours alone on her bed badly injured by #huguely before she died. Strangled.
did you forget there is a penalty for being Matt Cooke?
He'll learn the difference between "your" and "you're" at Vanderbilt. And he won't be at risk from pedophile coaches.
much love fam
*shakes head, laughing under my breath* if only all men could go through it. *keeps going*
Excellent point. Right on! Take what you learn and give it a try. Jim Rohn said do not let the record show that you did not
I got three for $100!
FourBarrell: Sea of hipsters worth the coffee and donuts.
ill b down the way next weekend...u in the city or carbondale
Kenya scared lmao
if we can't teach acceptance we need to teach tolerance. I agree. I will RT.
I don't think I've said it on this account yet.. So HAPPY EASTER
#BieberTaughtMe how to sing like him and r kelly
in school?
follow me
Talking about how much you love her, hate her, and all that bullshit on twitter ain't going do you know good
yep #feelyourpain I am teaching again... Decided on projects... Just wrapped up book fair got some freebies tho
Thought you diddent have any media shit? And yes i listened to it. It was gold! I replied to ur comment on utube as well.
did i maybe leave my phone in your truck? i've looked everywhere for it!
Austin's new icon is flirting with me♥
I'm proud of President
But I Imagine Everybody Goin' Out Tonight .
and ur band
A fan is a fan good and bad, idk where these bandwagoners came from
Heat has to play solid D for 24 seconds. Indiana's balance scoring is hard to defend.
If you're a fan of Seinfeld, you wanna tune in to this morning. We have a cast member in our studios!
Yo all my peeps
Never thought i could like you so much
My son dont feel good..i have to pick him up from school than go to work..jo jo is my baby boy he means the world to me..
not yet but I guess I better start before the movies come out :)
Thanks, yall! Can't wait for you to see it!
Every class I have canceled today. What a great Monday!
Tonight at 7:00pm, poetry by Elizabeth Austen, Katrina Vandenberg, and Kristin Naca. That's three poets for the price of one!
I guess I should attempt to go to sleep now.
3 min left and 4 goals =)
:D hope you had an amazing day!!
I can't wait untill this weekend!! I'm super excited
EVERYBODY COME VISIT OUR MOVIE WEBSITE WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM this film is funny & going hard for 2011. songs are just about selected !!!
This aint to regular season! Were comin for it. Once you fall alseep on the #Blazers, we come back in the forth quarter!
Woah nelly, Amy. That's quite the stack. It would probably look thinner if they were digitalized.
Most people can look go back over the years and identify a time and place at which their lives evolved significantly.
RGIII is about to come out with some Redskins socks on or some shit
I wanna party and bullshit, and party and bullshit, and party and bullshit, and party, and party.
The man says that there are worse things in life than are going on right now . When you're 90, how important do you think this will seem?ndw
Cont'd: US Air force officers working with air force personnel dealing with post traumatic stress and many other areas. Incredible work.
Which do you like better?: A. Swag B. Swagge C. Swaggie D. Non of the above
This sun makes me want to be out on the water. Anybody else?
how would you like it if your pension were the one getting raided.
people that cant drive because its wet
Which pizza did you enjoy today? Hope it was delish...
Love #SMASH!!!
I always get shaky when I do them
have you ever seen me around chilrdren? the answer is most likely no...because I'm not qualified.
Thank you for the #FF! TGIF!
Not feeling so great..
On book 1, Channie seems very nonchalant about cursing (nasty word, that) those she's angry at. Juvenile? Or just human?
hey! U are who came up to me and asked was a Bre friend?
wish I could be there :'( come to kokomo or Lafayette :-) then if tickets aren't to much I'll be there!!! :-)
My #yellowlab is silly, he pretends that he is hungry to all of us hoping that he will get 2 helping of food
It's bcuz your soo beautiful(:
Listening to "WeWishYouAMerryChristmas"--BEAUTIFUL! You are heroes to me. Merry Christmas and bless you!
Jessica Sanchez. You are amazing.
Be sure to stop by our Backyard BBQ from 12-4pm tomorrow! is cooking up all you can eat burgers, pulled pork & more for $15!
I've had one of the best manhattans ever
I blame television and processed foods.
Don't be so focused on His will that you forget about HIM!
Note to self: stop wearing "Chairman Meow" t-shirt to favorite Chinese restaurant. They don't find it funny the first or second time.
right ? Don't worry it goes tomorrow too it was pretty fun wanna go tomorrow
So tired
Really want to be sleeping
Goin to see my boys play baseball....
Thx 4 the idea What other ideas like this or #parenttrigger give parents real voices in their kid's education?
Waiting on that #richforever from
Black Ops 2 MW3 and the Kinect Sports & Adventures and idk what else I really only play MW3 & Black Ops
Like Peter?
Seems RavenDB Studio doesn't allow me to create a database when I miskey my user name. #pickypicky Thanks for the tech support
no problem - if that was my bulldog i'd be a hysterical mess!
Creative methods of getting in the consumers mind to think of you first is your job as a marketer.
I found the conclusion of Bachelor Pad highly satisfying. You?
writing out sketches for more studio baffles. Trying to decide whether to use Owens Corning 703 or 705 in conjunction with MDF..suggestions?
JOSIE COTTON Convertable Music is super good and timeless
I don't get why nonprofit marketing pros focus on what OTHER nonprofits are doing. Who says it's right? Let's focus on data re the market.
Yep 😁😚RT ": When I Roll Up 🎶 that girl be smiling and taking my pretzel M&M's -.-"
r u related or friends with Christian beadles
but whipped cream would make it even better
I'm all for this. You're cute, and I mean both of you. I'll treat you to a steak dinner and even call you the next day.
Just got a puppy for my fiance's b-day, now trying to pick names... any ideas?
its called ”Love This Life” , good song.
You can add to your screenwriter database.
I love getting compliments from strangers after fashion shows :)
Sheila Roher, Leonardo Blair and Jeanelle Roman will answer your questions on ageing in the next 60 minutes (2-3PM). Use
That red would look perfect next to my double ghost. Is it even possible to get one?
Also, that was a great article that "led" to Ovi's resurgence. Definitely a difference in him recently
Apart from growth and change caterpillars don't become butterflies! DM
Iono if I'm in twitter jail or what? Can't follow any of my new followers? For that I apologize, love yas all!
*SMH* no booty pics posted doe
I guess some people will never know..
Save the date: Our next #DASER is on Thursday, May 24 at 6 p.m. at the Keck Center, 500 Fifth St., N.W. More info is coming soon!
Only 4th? Would have thought closer to 1st.
Yeah Baby I'm almost sing My man on Death row
Happy Birthday to me!!!!!!!
If you are accepted, Dr. Quinn Capers, IV, will begin making calls to all accepted applicants after 7:00 p.m. EST on March 28, 2012.
Works for 'Comic Sans' too.
Cannot wait for the new Arthur movie to come out!! I Adore the original, and Dudly Moore..
“: ". I believe is still going to have a problem selling himself to American women." - on #AC360” ya think? Douche
❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ Mentally dating a celebrity.
Have you ever had the feelin that you was bein had?
Last chance to qualify for a Super Shopper loyalty gold card on July 31. See for more info on how you can win.
I wanna change mine too. I'll steal yours and become sir Beto lol
it's too relaxing.
Audition Saturday. Time to hit the books. Gotta a script to read. Looking forward to this audition. Happy Thursday!
lifes a bitch naw better yet a dumb broad #classic weezy
#Whatmakesfrenchbeautiful I immediately thought of 1D. -le shrug-
Don't go by the number on the scale, measure by how your clothes are fitting.
