Making Paul McCartney's spinach tart for dinner tonight, courtesy of Somehow I doubt he's making Joanne Lessner's tacos.
oh wow! :-D non-profit and what other one? I wish we could be there. Were going2 J&Beyond next week & couldn't do both
Finish freelance work-chk. Go to gym-chk. Record some basslines-chk. Drink a bloody mary-dble chk.
I love to dream :(
Romney gets two big endorsements
So do Business students!! ...any student!! Awesome companies
I can be reached via email at
Panama city
where the fuck is global warming?
can u come by our radio station CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO IN ATLANTA,WHEN U COME TO ATLANTA,WE ARE STATION AM1100,
It's neither right, nor wrong...it just IS.
i think the better question is why DOESN'T he need a laser.
line up needs to come out NOW! :)
the antlers are brilliant. By far one of the most underrated bands.
Knowledge is power and enthusiasm pulls the switch.
Thanks for the follow !
I'm ready for my weekend to be here now
.'s quit wit, "You're losing votes, Bob," always plays well. NF smart, quick, and a friendly leader.
#MyCelebCrushIs but she's a Kansas fan, so unfortunately things would never work out
haha don't say that
I've had the same nightmare before.
sold out of girls medium in the LOVE tee! will be printing more for the Art Star Craft Bazaar in May
: How are you enjoying Paris?
it sucks when the one person you want to talk to you can't...i seriously hate people
it always does
Truly blessed.
That's funny! Thanks! I think other people probably thought the world would end more than the Mayans ever did! :-)
needa rap name.!! V-Man? Maybe?
I know I know! I was thinking the exact same thing this morning, but the flax keeps me regular
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Evangelical neighbors: Why do the bios of your "pastors" always mention their favorite football teams?
amen!!!!! This probably won't help my coffee addiction but oh well! 😁
end of term stress? cold weather? Seems like more people are suddenly ignoring the smoke-free campus rule.
I know. But we have to start with even those we think are on our side.
Answer to Monday’s trivia question: The Spice Girls.
yess i think its my turn. dmx has only one volume and it is the maximum. inside voice means NOTHING to this dude
HAPPY NEW YEAR BIG FELLA! GOOD LOOK!
WHAT!!!!!!!!!!! thats awesome! best decision ever haha
The pants of just called me without his knowledge again. I yelled a few times, but his pants muffled my screams.
Day is going gud
thanks for keeping people up to date with Indy Jazz Fest 2011
Lol, Mitchell just called himself the school slut.
Klout believes I am influential in "Titanic". Well, I did watch almost every Wizards game this year, so, yeah I guess I am.
Long-time Bonita Springs rec center teacher nancy Ranke retires
Damn I'm miss NY 😞
lol FINE! I'll try to incorporate it in there (x
god damn my sisters are so fucking annoying
Who dark chocolate man, yummy
Not fair! Will you be spooning with it? RT : I got to keep one!
Thanks for the RT!
I kept seeing people on canal st at 11pm still wearing their badges. Let it go....,
My mom was supposed to be home at 6 and it's almost 8 she's at a rave
I'm loving Jokers.The setup of the show of improv in real world situations, really brings a lot of freshness to hidden cam shows
Making music w/ MonicaBehan, ClarencePenn, JamesGenus RussTittleman. Side Project w/ a Different Flavor #goodmorning everyone
Getting our ass's wrecked 4 real smh
hey, are you guys down? I've been having problems accessing your website? I can ping it, but can't see it in browser.
There's a lookalike at the #m83 show.
thanks for the follow!
Whats your favorite time to hang out at Spanish Fly...pool parties or nightlife?
Ok done with English class time to work on something fun.
...dude found out we're cousins....Caroline America Hanks is my great Grandma.......sister to Nancy I believe......
Bring a knife to a fist fight, a gun to a knife fight, and a M134 to anything else
T-minus 30 mins to crabcake ... salivating glands on stand-by <over>
After "k" I don't respond
nice... Any cuts with any artists, tv or film?
hey grow a pair! RT : "Do what you know in your heart to be right—for you'll be criticized anyway." Eleanor Roosevelt
Good seein' u last night man!
lmfaoo you would(:
hahah I'm 2 hours early to even go to the airport. Once I get here I'll still have an hour. Hahah
I wish you could apply for jobs on behalf of people because I found the most perfect thing ever for my top lady
I'd have never thought you to be a nerd. :o :D
Im just glad Trump picked them because the played with honor
Very sad. RT Living near a schoolyard is sometimes sad. Saw three episodes of bullying today.
I have four, 22oz Prime, Bone-in Ribeyes in the freezer...That number will be reduced to three in approximately 72 hours. That is all.
Getting ready for a productive day!
remember: marriage is the number one cause of divorce.
I thought I should let you know that someone is using your picture and pretending to be you >.>
i havent even been on it lately
I'm getting the same thing with firefox lately... it is odd
MATHE: mental abuse to human
Giving us a bad name :(.
so damn true.
no problem :)
Love Demi Lovatos new song and ist stuck in my head.
alittle :p but the game had helped alot with answering the questions
Darth Maul's noncombatant cousin, Shopping
When the ball gets rolling, the only one who can stop it is you...haters can't stop what's meant to be...but u can steer ur own destiny
Ryan Braun first hits one to the opposite field power ally at Petco. Now he smokes a line drive to the third deck of the Supply Co. building
Perfect. MT : we can make a trilogy of names: The Ivy Joe Hunter Games, Catching Irving Fryar, Mocking Jay Schroeder. Boom. Done.
what'd he do?
We talk about food at dinner.
Eating Reeses Puffs 10 minutes before my first exam for the win.
Yes, I do know that! Thank you ladies, you're very sweet!! xoxo
Holy shit there's a bird tornado! There's thousands of birds!
I just wanna fucking sleep man..
Have you scheduled your workouts for the week? Very important appts to make, health is not an option, it's a priority!
Every time I see a reference to the movie 'The Dictator' I assume at first they're talking about the Charlie Chaplin film.
they are pathetic. But that doesn't take away from their entertainment value haha they piss me off but I always watch!! Shame lol
I think I've stumped him.
Milwaukee's online news sites are pretty bad. Only WISN has anything about the Tosa shooting posted.
I am very satisfied with Lenovo computers. I recently purchased two thinkpads for my grandchildren for Christmas. Sharon -Lee Washington
We're eager to provide financing for your new car, or we can assist in used car financing.
Big Q from partners/shareholders: How do you know what is being said about our firm? How do we know it's our clients? cc'
A car alarm is really going off right now??? The sound is fading... omg I think someone just stole a car lol =/
Operation #GetTheFuckOuttaBeebe is a success. We are clear to return to base. Over.
Yay new adventure time!
good to see & at #netstorming today!
We are here!!! Kings dominion
lol Gosh u love to compliment ppl? 😊
The Bypass Lane is going LIVE tonight at the University of Georgia's Stegeman Coliseum!
hah actually that's me. Surprised it garnered so much attention.
My babe wasn't at school today /: I had no one to talk to in class today. I was a loner ):
You do good work, sir!
Funny! My little guy has discovered that the best way to wake up his mom in the morning is giving her many wet kisses on the face.
We're looking to put 1,000 Entertainers back to work by 2013'
An old friend will help you move. A good friend will help you move a dead body. - Jim Hayes
UR Hollywood's doing a massive following because we're looking for new talent to put on our new blog underway! Lookout April!!!
Meek mill
So Wright goes 2 for 5 in this game and his average goes down. Step it up.
How did Bosh make the all star team?
: too busy is always a great problem to have
We wone in the boxing game
I asked T to take out the trash. He turned and said, "But I don't WANT to take out the trash" and went back to playing.
True love does not come by finding the perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly and that is
& Somebody Give Me The Tea On This Gadsden County Inmate Thing
meh. Not one for replicas, lol. I always wait til the real thing is available to me.
iknowwe he's adorable
dear breakfast: Please stay where you belong, in my stomach! love,
WOAH! haven't been on twitter for a long time :O !
Within each one of us a genius is trying to reach out into expression. Tom Johnson
Hears "take this job and shove it" at 745 am... Must be time for the WTJU Rock fundraising marathon!
“: got me up in publix trying to get some crab legs steamed lol” lmfaooo! It's only right!
We agree! 😃": I need my friends to start listening to so we can have singalongs in my car."
What l love most about ski resorts is the music.
Illuminate the skin for a more radiant tone with Mary Kay® Mineral Highlighting Powder in Pink Stardust. It also can be used as an eye color
Going too see
All this time I thought Blue Oyster Cult had a staunch anti-drug message. Turns out their afraid of farm equipment.
Madly finishing my Drupal talk for #il2011 next week... mad, I tell you! MAD!
I do!!! Just if he says he's not coming back then I doubt he will!
thanks! Pushing onward
Instead of the death penalty they should have the Laundry penalty- where u have do wash n fold everyones clothing n da County.
Huge day for my teams in red. LET'S DO THIS! #MUFC #49ers #PLEASEDON'TBREAKMYHEART
hey you misspelled my name on your tat. It's spelled Ashley, not me
lol ya pushing it..just a friendly hug..is all :-)
asks why put your tongue on the roof of your mouth while doing #sit-ups?
hahaha. Too funny.
"Homer no function beer well without." ~ Homer Simpson
that would be epic. If you streak through mine, I will return the favor
sorry not gay
They say good things come to those who wait...
soon young jedi...
When you enter a password and you know its not incorrect.
Already stocking up for big little Never too early
Tell your promoter there's money waiting on you in Louisville, KY... don't miss it.
are you feeling a little overly emotional tonight?
In case you missed it earlier... RT : A few Drake tickets were just released for tonight's show!
and strikes, and outs, and pretty much everything else that has to do with the game
Verlander embarrassing Nelson Cruz.
It feels good to finish and record a new song. I will sleep well tonight.
Watching . Story. Of. My. Life.
just ones that keep my erectile dysfunction away. lol
So excited about this. If I were in town this weekend I would be first in line to buy these!
“: This is all amazing!!!!!!”did you go to TMC?
We're bringing #DebraDean to #ROC in March for #IfAllofRochesterReadtheSameBook. Does she have a twitter?
setting up fb
I love ! I love and even more! I want you guys to win! So inspiring :)
Became friends with people I used to hate.
Life is good when you can live in your pajamas.
UK with absolute domination. I saw it coming.
The Magic City - MIA :)
I love you more.
I'm pretty sure I'm Val Chmerkovskiy's biggest fan. Not sure how I feel about that though. Haha.
The trouble with most of us is that we would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism. -Norman Vincent Peale
Wake up and smell the #flowers! Stay tuned to see what we have in store for you...
By The Way! It's Day 15 BABY!
Never re-use disinfecting solution or top it off. It must be discarded and replaced with fresh solution each time the lenses are stored.
not if it results in a job!
Aww! Cheer yourself up by remembering that scene on GOT when aqswde totally told that guy off and your were like ONSD!
haha ... You're merely time-zone tough, sucka.
GS silver 5 series black on black
Here and now
Hey #EMAC! We're hosting a graduate student social Sept. 30th at 6 pm in MobileLab. Meet other EMAC grads & hear from faculty! Food aplenty!
shot w/ miss this afternoon...gurl always be askin me bout love
RT : i learned to sing listening to ...now i get to sing with them. alot to be thankful for.
I actually have keynote already.
dont bother i wont die.
TWO reports of white powder are being investigated right now... one at the Port of Portland office and the other at the Hilton downtown.
baha, that's an adorable name. Lucky Guinness. He's living the good life
We also submitted our song "I'm sorry" for the
People who smoke in front of gyms deserve to have their Kools replaced with those exploding cigarettes that you see in cartoons!
White Chicks is on omg :')
How long will you be there? RT Mb3's balls are rolling to Hubbard & Wells... our truck is on its way too!!
drink water , stop laying down too much and get active
excellent opport RT : part time Internship open in Customer Support send your resume/cl to jobs at mindtouch dot com
That seatbelt enforcement trap that got me 2 months ago? 4 cars pass by, only I don't get pulled over a block later. Cue FF victory music.
God is good. db
HAHAH. i just peed a little.
THANK YOU to for that more music/commercial free hour!!
You guys opened in April of 1927. I can't remember the day off the top of my head. Did anyone else guess?
Now at Winghouse in Orlando, getting ready for
cake. definitely!
Sorry to hear, RIP to your Father. =)
RT : Come join Perlick and Lakefront Brewery for an ice cold beer (seriously! It's 32 degrees!) at Saturday!
Silent Nights uses nanotechnology developed by LifeWave communicates with the body’s energy meridians similarly to how acupuncture works.
Going Green? Our new affiliate www.GreenGrocerBags.com is waiting to hear from you. Save on shipping with your order and membership number!
RT : I love that is following What a weird world we live in.
what's that?
Great ID touches the mind and the heart. Via
headed to WinStar see to bring in the New Year and celebrate my 2nd anniversary with #winstar!
Make it nasty
Is this Chicago or Charlotte??? Damn #okc is good
So tired.
I can't get any sound :(
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Dallas County until 12:15 PM
Don't know what took so long but finally hopped on the #glee bandwagon thanks to
i sent u my # cuz
You guys should definitely cover "Can't Stop" or "I Swear" by !! Id be in love:D
Rooftop parties. Empire State Building is Columbia Blue. Nights I might not remember with classmates I'll never forget
We're experiencing some technical difficulties -- if you can't access the site please check back soon! Sorry for the inconvenience.
Wow! Yum!!
If you love something, let it go. If it comes back to you, its yours forever. If it dosent, then it was never meant to be."PicPerPic:)Text?
oh followers you should follow ! meet your new favorite band!! ;)
I am honest and sincere, what I am is what u see, what u see is what u get. No more no less. TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT
“: I used to be a huge Orton fan..”me too now he almost seems like John Cena. Always getting the whc.
Kentucky Derby, first round of Triple Crown! You? RT : Happy #Friday. Do you have any weekend #travel plans?
shoe hook up?
you were 100% right on everything you wrote! Advertisers DON'T understand women! We are not all the same!!
": When your to busy living your life to the fullest! You rarely can find time to Hate on other peoples action #JustSaying"
No! Please No!!
Thank you, man! You ate awesome!
be reppin the
My (uninformed) sense is that University services for the visually-impared could benefit from a little creative brainstorming. Thoughts?
Seth has a cold, napping on the couch + I'm SUPER HUNGRY x (don't want to wake him) = milk jug, cereal, spoon components now in the bedroom.
Today's the day
hey have u ever herd of the VanDeusen castel?
#FF Austin locals -
it may take courage to give up crutches in your industry/company, e.g. a certification that conflicts with your values
Gotta head up to this mall. Before all the rats come out. If they haven't beat me there already.
I am finally heading home... it was great to hear #marymountu student presentations on c18 novels, but I am tuckered!
I'm not racist at all. I fucking hate everybody.
I was experiencing connection problems the other day on #888Poker #888support and my wife #Roxxy6 got an invite to the 15k 5FR
It seems that the cycle from "no way is Greece leaving the Euro" to "start printing new drachmas" is about 7 minutes.
A big thanks to everyone that came out to last night! It was a lot of fun! More shows to be announced soon
Sister-in-law: How can kids learn words like "Decepticon" but they can't form full sentences?
so grateful to & !RT : Ecstatic to see featured on this evening.
What does FDR and Terrell Carter have in common? They both need a New Deal. Too bad FDR couldn't go on X Factor for it too.
how did i miss that lucien freud died? now i really need a breakfast taco.
What are you doing tonight? Going to the #IUSUW meeting? That's right! 6:30 in BH233!! #LiveUnited See you there!!
thanks for the intro. feel free to call me anytime!
Lets Go Cano!!
The Cards beat the Rangers 3-2 in the first WS game last night. Go Cards.
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
Okay, this RP is screwing with my head. Every Tike moment I see is "aww my parents are cute" -_-
Well, not really lol (about the previous tweet)
Eating at Chauncers in Addison, TX.
Love the friends who make your whole insides fill up with joy simply by being who they are....amazing!
Looking forward to seeing Aoki own later
AM - M16 said we learned how to add and subtract fractions with like denominators.
go to the Queen Victoria Pub and say "I Love the Queen Vic" and get a free Queen Vic larger
well nice try Texas but my boys from Bama represented tonight.. good game but all in the end. ROLLTIDE!! hell yeah BAMA!!
it's 7 CDs of the same. No filler, just 4 nights of incredible music. I read an article about it. Didn't have the other.
Helping out at AA/PG library today. Great to see familiar faces and books after a 10+ year absence!
HEY WAKE UP
Great weekend of racing. School just ruins everything
It may amaze some people at how many people go into making concerts and shows take place.
I love it best when my house smells like summer. 75 degrees in NYC!
22 more days :O
The only I know of in South Florida are in Fort Lauderdale & Boynton Beach. They're all over the place up here.
Doing algebra... Mathematical! :)
The old running around for a reporter who needs a photo ASAP then doesn't use it bit. Never gets old.
Haha, the few I've scanned have only taken me to horribly mobile-disabled sites void of engaging content. Maybe I'm unlucky?
is building.... thoughts?
and right now, I'm mad at Don Draper. SERIOUSLY?
We're super excited too! RT : #Oliolove Our CEO's speaking engagement at Seattle ! She's looking forward to it in June!
Cool Fact Shaun!All I want is 1 hetero, monogamous gentleman w/chemistry.Time to start lookn outside r Galaxy?Hope not
#UNC....really? You're prob just like a chick, like the baby blue. Haha
The jacket to hold your tags & tokens should have had a pocket to store poems in, too. Best place to keep poem is in yr heart!
The lack of mention for that ridiculous church on the news made my night.
The translation of that statement for dog people is "I woke up with a headache." Try that, works every time for me!
Anti Bully Show times coming up!
Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
you can not just have a 45 minute documentary on #Messi and expect me to get anything done today.
I am making a commitment to myself. Life is too short not to pursue my largest, grandest dreams.
don't let a few bad apples spoil the bunch, man.
>>hangin with fam..hittin Long boat key for a few days
missin my big girl ! wishin i was at hilton head with her instead of saying all these goodbyes :(
Who is coming to Knock Out Addiction tonight?!
that was one wild fuckin ride!
heyy little red :D
Ready go night night nigga
not bad... need a few things to work.. and you ?
! and what is wrong with it? Seems very bitchy
I liked them. Remind me a bit of the Hunger Games. I have Graceling if you'd like to borrow...but it's old fashioned pprbck.
I better get an A on this take-home final. this shit is hard.
IM JUST KIDDING
Penske remains perfect in 2012! It's with his 3rd straight win overall and 3rd in Sao Paulo as well. #awesome #detroitgp!
But this way you can be home when they come to fix it. ;-)
It's finally the holidays!
Welcome! Have a great day!!
Hm, interesting.
This is getting me all excited now!! Only 24 more days :D hdfgadfsjchakdbgr
you already know I hit that note!
can i be part of the lyric video please? :)
almost #friday ? any big plans? So Lake Union block party??
First gig of 2010. Forgot my new reeds at home, but my old one from last year :) should do just fine. Here we go...
hm OH DARLING!
The Derby is today....
OH NOTHING JUST CREEPING ON MY IDOLS(; & YOU!<21 RT : What's everyone up to??(:
What do you think about my website as an avid book-reader?
^_^ I had left. Bro I didn't know I was leaving g
Today is going to be busy. Make this dress and getting ready for #MissKitty's
Early to #B2Bexpo - well, early as always. Bring on the festivities!
Eli time?
Damn rite! B's gonna look at her mentions n be like wtf!?! Lol! We luv ya b!
Just finished Exit Through he Gift Shop... So good!
with no need for a label, why do you use the language of capitalism in your name Mr. Trademark?
Happiness sailing with the Captain and my in-laws!
for skilled maint. positions....yup....warehousing and other positions nope
"A Valediction Forbidding Mourning" was one of the first poems I got a kick out of ripping apart into mini analytical chunks. RIP Rich.
The patient person grants everyone the right to free will. They may not agree with an individual, but they do NOT impose THEIR will on them
Day 2 of cleaning...
All right, bring on the ninth
You know what is the opposite of awesome? That the trash from *a week ago Tuesday* is still in our #emac classroom.
shoulda come to blcc you woulda heard all about that r kelly shit.
I literally jumped out of my seat for New Directions!
RT : At Center for Fine Arts at UBuffalo for last big conference for New Woman International book, Fri 9/16,10-4
Watching Mission Impossible & way excited the Swedish(& best) mikael blomqvist is in it. All I need is somebody from #thewire to show up
Who score better Lebron or Carmelo ?
Take control of your night life
anyway bout to go eat fried chicken. #FAT and HUNGRY LATER *high fives*
God damn pats
Any #highered or #comm_college tweeps I should be following for #SOTU commentary?
How do they get a deer to cross at that yellow road sign?
HOT coffee. Like really, really hot.
"No one should come to [THE INTERNET] to live unless he is willing to be lucky."
there has been a lot a crap this year; but we should not be hoping for incidents. Every1 waiting so they can say "told ya so"
I have accomplished a huge deal today. None of it what I originally set out to do, but still.
Sounds like you are #winning on this business trip!
I would it it if u follow me back
Chasing the magic.
You did the right thing, you didn't miss any sort of scoop. One article you just won't have on your resume.
DCIS is a sea of purple in honor of Serena. May comfort be found at this time of loss.
I miss acting like a child with you (:
only thing shipping might be a problem because its in the UK and the conversion rate might kill hah
it's gonna be a tallywhacker parade, HOLLA AT YO BIG MOMMA
:) ya ya baaayyybaaayyy!!! I'll be seein yoouuu. Except... We might have to go to a park.. I need to spend time with wrigley
Is so bored right now. I kinda wish i was somewhere else right now.
Shout out to
Dang bro, you had me, then you took a left turn on the one way street
I love the mason jar recipe's!
Chipolte just ruined my crumb
": It's Monday in case you didn't know." Unfortunately I do.
Clooney was robbed.
God I hope Mourinho comes out in the Popemobile.
hey guys follow my new twitter ! my old account has gotten hacked. go unfollow that one.
Thanks for the shout out!
we love green smoothies & offer some delicious ones!
oh Jo, I had too much retail therapy today I got some color blocking essentials!
Much appreciated Mike. Hope u are enjoying ur wkend!
sure! I'd love to be a #TWInsider !! :)
Bummer! U ready for baby's first Christmas?
Alight Planning Unveils ROI Calculator to Quantify Value of Planning Software
I really think it would be good use of model minority & stress process - thanks for the tip
ew, i see how it is, wife. i message you and you go offline.
I don't do house parties no more
thanks for joining the bears!
Thanks for the follow. Back at you... you've got a wide selection of information running through your tweets. Keep up the watch.
Red velvet hash cupcakes coming soon!! Who's excited?!
uh thanks for the newsflash sherlock. I realized that a year ago.
Just presented a lock of Douglass's hair yesterday to a group- didn't touch it though- not for me!
To all veterans, those who protect and serve today, and their families for their sacrifices and selfless devotion to the USA-thank you.
have you seen the despecialized editions?
Ur good,ur bad,ur annoying,it's sad.Just go away!I luv u n I hate u u stupid voice in my head!at times ur good other times ur evil.Help me?!
we're not sure what's going on, but it sounds awesome
thanks girl! :)
It's time for Newt to get out of this race.
Dick Clark & great memories!
#odd arcane laws: In Michigan, it is against the law for a lady to lift her skirt more than 6 inches while walking through a mud puddle.
Olathe South Wind Ensamle got all 1's at State Contest! :D
just thinks the process of voting in Congress is a Joke
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle journey to the center of the titties
hee hee. Keep guessing, I wont tell. :)
I can see why! We need to get with it over in America. How is business doing?
Because eff you that's why.
SpiritofChicago Pier is holding auditions! Looking for Wait Staff who sing&have dynamic personalities&ability to capture audiences.
I have a lot to say about the alcohol one. Actually, more about people bitching and never doing. Back up yo' shit-that's all I ask :)
Scouting for Girls, Lulu and Glee inspired G*Mania are just some of the performances you can look forward to for the Co-op's Birthday Bash!
Our Eggs Benedict is the best around! Show up this morning and take the hollandaise challenge. We'll beat all takers!
Going to 's class in the cit!!! So excited<3
just followed everyone back who followed sorry for tha wait guys :) !! -anna
True believers scare me on both wings of the spectrm. Like the dentist: no q we need them but I want 2 spend as little time w/ them as I can
Happy birthday to Ketil Bjørnstad, 60 years old today.
Only thing out here is a bunch of fucking coyotes and shit
15 minutes and I'm out of here! One step closer to the weekend.
At for the Indy wedding ideas!
After an argument I always think Of awesome things I could have said
Hey , I can't get your app to work on my Macbook. Help!
its the little things :).
What is your biggest worry? Why?
Ppl play too much at d wrong time....
there used to be but it was discontinued I believe
YAY glad you had fun bday love! we did too!!!!
is at Hilton New York they have tons of gveaways and sponsors will send you stuff to review
he's the Knicks' AJ Burnett. Punching things and having an albatross contract
When you are lying in bed, almost asleep and your leg jerks it is called hypnagogic myoclonus
Thanks for the kind #FF mentions!
We're open at 11!
have u seen "The Artist" yet?
I think we could debate the "upgrade" aspect, but....
Wow, hard to believe.“: Tennessee's Pat Summitt Named Head Coach Emeritus, Holly Warlick Named Head Women's Basketball Coach”
in da house
hey thanks for your tweet I showed my audience how Twitter worked! It was a great "live" illustration :)
is the official this is an unofficial I just try to keep it as accurate as possible ;)
And I'm so sick of love songs. So tired of tears. So done with wishing, you were still here! Love this song<3
The perks of being bipolar: you're left with online friends. Nobody else. Since you pushed everyone away with your negativity.
Why Not Slut
Congrats to Bon Iver from Eau Claire WI for winning a Grammy!
loved seeing you too! Your friends are really cool :)
Ugh Omg someone come save me.
When I grow up I wanna be a Dallas Cowboys Cheerleader. And by up, I mean lose 50 lbs, get some fake boobs, & learn to do the splits.
Please join us at Tropical Smoothie/Westchester Commons on 12/7 from 4-8 for our fundraiser. Details: www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
I'm finally a licensed driver. Went to Starbucks and Price Chopper by myself today. No big deal.
The aspect of out-of-fashion clothing/grooming that looks silliest is always the manner/degree to which they obscure the shape of the body.
#dontactlikeyounever secretly envied me for having such a sweet deal. $170k salary, company car, gas paid for, even clothing allowance!
Just got convienced to step out. 😒 dont try to get me drunk. But it is $1 Drinks.
At this point in time every Person in the world is Haitian. let's donate whatever we can to help our people.
The Central East Portland club is funding school furniture for Niger. Niger is one of the poorest countries in the world.
alright u do that ha
hry did u guyz hear that the president was on jimmy fallon last night? crazy!
McDonald's AA's have been announced; you might actually know some of these kids and have seen them around
You've taught me all the what not to do's.
How was everyone's New Year?
Wildfires in Arizona...I hope we don't get smoked out again. #NM I hated all that smoke last year.
I have a buddy for 's movies in the park this summer....also, it's gonna be a good one ;) #summer #summertime #Porgy&Bess <--opening #
I don't like when people try to control my music volume, bitch I'm wearing headphones already.
Yes I just let that 18 wheeler cut me off in this dan ryan parking lot. I need the good karma.
Sometimes it does feel like Barkeeper's Friend has genuine affection for me.
yay! That will never happen for me at this job :(
we needs hit the studio today!
Nothing worse than when you pay to go to the game and get a six year old screaming SHOOT! in you ear the whole game
Just submitted my talk proposal for SpringOne/2GX on Roo add-on development. Keeping fingers crossed…
LMAO I'm surprised Future even knows how its spelled. An exec probably had to tell him
wtf duc shut up ;( that's so not fair
Rochester is white like Tony Montana's nose
Thinking the Fates might be meaning my library career to lead to one in writing. I wouldn't mind that a bit.
Hey thanks so much, Derek! I really appreciate all of your support! :)
I had to temp. take down my 10 pg. web site. Remember: "Without the Silence the abuse can not go on! It will be brought back up shortly.
Gotta get STAT back in the groove, but without a doubt it's
Went for a walk on my break, the wind gusted and then the temperature dropped about 10 degrees. Yep, stormy weather...
replied to me!! That's really a good day! :)
What is the #iPad cover you guys use? Any recs? I want to make sure she is warm & cozy
That is sharp. Nice work from the people in costume/wardrobe.
Ah, Groundhog Day, the day I always watch one of my favorite movies over and over and over. I'm talking about Police Academy 4 of course.
Call me ;D
Just don't feel like doing any work anymore...no lie
Hello all you snow bums. Want to be a part of our shows? Email us at Sales @ SkiFever.org and we will get you information.
Am stopping by Keste party tonight and UPK prod mgmt dinner. Will prob be at OOW sometime Monday too if anyone wants to catch up...
You can afford to bundle up with 50% savings on ALL SWEATERS this Saturday!
Ready to uninstall #McAfee. 30 min w/ tech support 2 wks ago assured me problem was solved. NOT! Still changing my Chrome settings randomly
Paradise Buffet for first time wit and Ahhmeeed
Glad it worked out! :)
You know my name, not my story. You’ve heard what I’ve done, not what I’ve been through. Stop judging me.
Droppin a new joint very soon. "Be There" Live. JazzThugs x Decent Men =
In spite of the sleepy telecast on , this v tilt is good stuff!
Vote for Project Tomorrow for Cox Cares Nonprofit of the Year! www.cox-cares.org/grants/finalists
Labor costs are diminishing in emerging markets. Africa, South America and North America are resources to look at.
Hopefully Ill hang with my nigger best friend tomorrow.
#liber2001 Farewell to LIBER tweeps! It's been loads of fun all week. -Jackie
I really wanna wake up early so I can get a haircut
Doing well - trying to close out a big print sale, Friday is my marketing day. Hope to get back up in the mountains soon!
That awkward moment when 4Cars approach intersection @ same time & some1w/ natural leadership qualities raises hand!! Occurs ea. Day4 me!!
- I would likely GAIN sleep over it...
Save the date and get ready for one of the largest Gourmet Expos in Southern California! Perfect for all you who love the Gourmet lifestyle!
since ISTE i joined twitter n made my qr code!Proud girl!
Trinity Hall?
Ah haha! Yes my man! Thanks for the Bat Signal...ill be calling for details soon...Congrats!
We have more in common than we do apart, so fuck all that hating on bullshit.
Tyler the Creator sounds like Sticky Fingaz (Onyx) when he goes into his alter ego.
Hi Alan, Looks like order placed on the 25th did not ship. Asking for order to be replaced. Will keep you posted. Thanks, LM
yo this Joel holla at me
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results. - Willie Nelson
Phew. I am not familiar with his work, but I remember the accident.
Now the thing to remember boys... Flies spread disease, so keep yours closed! ~ Band of Brothers
lmao right really though wore my shit out
i mean, WHO still carries cash?
I record at my crib bro
i want to forward that one to chris... this mod is a criminal...
RT : Tonite, childhood dreams come true, all the sacrifices pay off & a new journey begins for 32 guys. It's a special day.
Thinking about skipping work to build my arc. #thisrainiscrazy Stay safe everyone!
#5ThingsICantStand arrogance insecurity jealousy dishonesty & brussel sprouts
I said to a fat girl today, "You're a big girl!" She replied, "Tell me something I don't know." I said, "Salad tastes nice"
Why is it called 'after dark' when it really is 'after light'?
In all seriousness please let Hossa be ok
Oh!!! Lol, my bad! U mean breakfast! Im talking bout church! ;) RT : I will take you all there
I already got a hot black/indian woman nah im good...
Yes, we lost to The Cartel in 's Harold competition. So sad. But on a positive note we lost to one of our favorite teams! #lose/win
Make your home the best looking house on the block, not to mention more energy efficient, with premium windows from Statewide!
All i ever think about is how to make you think of me and everything that we could be<3
dude i have to find a internship fast!!....
Is that the 5th ST:TOS movie?
Mos wanted crew >>>> any other crew on this season.
I respectfully disagree. I found Hoptimum a little cloying actually.
I think i'm just gonna fling myself off a building idk
Thanks so much! So glad you could visit us last week!
no kidding, we need to get something planned soon. Maybe revolving around special drink so we can win
With the Hollywood cap park, Caltrans laid claim to any air rights money, so it'd have to be built with grants and bonds.
Stay getting Thanks for da follow
You really need to differentiate how you handle shit.
thank you! You too Sarah!
I'm paying dearly with my nerves for this island painting commission...very tough revisions...hope to please my client with her new concept
": If you don't know who you are .. You leave yourself OPEN for someone to create who they think you should be .."
Exeutive Catering hand made pizzas---$10-$12 All pizzas are 16”thin crust U-bake --Get your order for the superbowl in Today!!!
this just broke my heart..
Love doesnt need reason. It speaks from the irrational wisdom of the heart.
We all know talk like this is just positioning you for a VP nod!
:D that would be amazing!!!
You can send us an email and we'll get back to you ASAP.
That makes my day a bit better. :) Now if we could only get the 70+ degree weather. I'm done with this cold.
I am getting sick of people not letting do what I want to do
you look sexier with dark locks :)
What a beautiful day to move into my apt. Hopefully I can move everything before I catch a cold from being wet
will you be live-tracking signatories? Would love to call with thanks
My new goal n da office is 2 quote Dolly Parton alot.. like “I have got lil feet b/c nothing grows n the shade”
Today is what we like to call #alfresco dining at its finest! Who's with us?!
There's always more to a picture than what is presented.
All report loud jets, lights above london what?
Apparently I'm Generation Y.
I'm pretty sure I met you last night..now I don't exactly remember. HOWEVER!... Ava is the cutest thing in the world.
Yay! reached our goal for the
Proportionally, if a flea were a person, that person could jump 1,000 feet high. How high can you jump?
When you do, just add me to a circle and I'll introduce you to folks like and
Who surfs the Net by pecking at the keyboard?www.oody www.oodpecker.
Uhm who is Ridge macking on in the background?
Great show this week!!! I love watching you in PLL! I wish my cousin would introduce us b/c ur friends with him!
lol, gotta save that for my transition to glutton-free
RIGHT :-) I think I might need to move you from my Pro Chefs list to Sports list with - loving it!
What is everyone doing for Fat Tuesday tomorrow night?!
I wish I could go but I live in Florida. :/
Chris must have been rapping with his grill on in Mercy remix..
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 14
Okay! OMG I LOVE YOU!
En route to lovely Sun valley, Idaho where tthe snow isn't falling and only 30% of the slopes are open :) xx
looking forward to my autographed copy and kudos to you for speaking out, it is badly needed in our community
Which rad #RockOfAges memory is YOUR fav?! The whole show! and Joel Hoekstra handing me a guitar pick during finale (i was frt row ctr)
well deserved - congrats!
Ok bro I'm out , talk to u tomorrow
that person should be me since I've been asking forever now.(:
AWESOME video! Its great that everyone gets to see the passion & love he has for baseball and his hometown.
Love it!!
I owe you lunch
* BRILLIANT! * RT "Condoms should change colors when they come in contact with STD's"
aw well I'm glad she had a happy life.
I can't with some of you
I will check it out. I'll go on your blog. My net is acting up for 3 days now. :(
story of my life at school. My mom always thinks I'm sick when I come home bc ill sleep hard for days and nothing else lol
If i dont get this early acces im just going to have to play gears anyway
BecauseICanHelp.com won a water station dedication at the 2011 LA Marathon for raising money via CrowdRise yesterday! Who hooo to us!!
Law & Order: FDA busted a company for a make believe clinical trial...tisk tisk.
I am always, always at the airport far too early.
Wow! Lol sorry you couldn't sleep in. It's a Saturday. Suppose to sleep in. Haha
Baker "About 30% of an #ISV expenses are often spent on customizing or maintaining their #software platform."
Who's the girl in your pic? I used to love her! Still do. #CHILDOFTHE 80'S
You NEVER eat at home. RT As I do often, I say Both ;-) “: Turkey Noodle Soup or Big Chunk Chicken Noodle Soup?”
HA! #legallyblonde -- you need to come out with and I sometime!!! :)
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Sunday nights are back! The Killing and Chinese food
Dad & I loved that tour! RT CAF tour "Modern Skyscrapers" not as popular as historic tours - esp among Americans.
I won Skullgirls! Hopefully I can climb back up from losers in marvel
follow too
That video was all that & a bag of chips 💗
My suggestion for Romney veep? Kaiser Soze. As unbelieveable as the GOP.
rectal route often is useful when oral ingestion
pause a part, rewind over and over until memorized. RE-THE-FUCKIN-PEAT.
As funny as Brian Williams is in that video, doesn't it undercut his/#NBC News credibility a bit?
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.
Athletes are given money through scholarships and represent the school but if allowed could expand to others. Slippery slope for privacy
": that's funny. Sorry for bring #2 in one of those categories. We suck." I blame kelly
Those are just images then. And why DO they want to switch to Prezi. I'm back to all slides.
Unconfirmed reports that Junior Seau has committed suicide.
I owe lunch, so I'm in
watching Tyler Perry's I can do bad all by myself I love Tyler Perry's movie's..
. incorporates healthy lifestyle habits into its treatment program to help women sustain long-term, healthy recoveries.
haven't tweeted in some days
Spontaneous Oakcrest fish fry!
Ive made a million errors in my life, but if you're a professional baseball player.. Field the fucking ball. Nunez is embarrassing to watch
It's about time gonzaga hit a 3
Hello friends.I'm smoker. And you?Which cigarettes you like to smoke?
I really need to start reading my horoscope as soon as I wake up, not after I went through half my day.
So on my birthday I get crappy presents. But on mothers day momma gets nice expensive presents? But whatever atleast i got something.
YEAH3 MALAYSIA THE WINNER
a rapper lol
What the fudge?!?!
If You're going to stare, at least say something.
Joint resolution on local aid would help city in planning
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE x6 *head to the sky* I guess nothing will ever top that lol.
Yeah! So I've (hopefully) got 2 years and 4 months (but who's counting).
Don't expect if you call DWU at 1pm after 4 days without water that you can make an appointment for 3. You'll have to call back after 2:30.
Can we join you?! #sprummer RT "Ice Cream time."
As a Baylor bear, I want to thank RG3 for pulling our program out of the toilet. Mark my words, NFL hall of famer. Vick with a brain.
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
Defensive battle ends with 5-4 Big 10 Pub victory vs Dexter's. Dexters led the majority of the way before 3 run A's rally in the 6th...
At this point in my life I'm so happy nothing an Noone can Change that God is blessing me everyday an I continue to smile;)
DePaul has left the door open. Raiders have the ball, down 3 with 27 seconds left. Drama at the #OSC11!
A #BFHistoryLesson - today in 1837 #Canada gave black men the right to vote.
ok so um that new rihanna and chris brown tune badddtuhrassss!!!!!
#ECET2 is Standing with you. Remind pols. that teachers dream of a revitalized and elevated profession.
"True courage is not the brutal force of vulgar heroes, but the firm resolve of virtue and reason." - Alfred North Whitehead
thank you for following me today.
I see #globalhistory or "Big History" as a destination instead of a path forward.
they should rename the block you live on to Cuffing ave
Why can't I stop eating small children??
Followed bbz! Glad I made your night :)
RT : "firms and individuals who are motivated to learn about different cultures can improve the bottom line."...
nah man im radiong this shit
Beautiful day in Dallas. I'll be back in LA tomorrow to select my headshots for printing!
This bitch just popped out some heelys
brisk sunny day in NOLA. Commanders palace for brunch and the Riverboat Natchez this evening....jazz is in the air.
No Chris Bosh? Yeah the Heat might be out.
Is it really that hard to find your seat on an airplane?
Working at 12:53AM = when goes away
hey..I love you :)..& now a little more..& now even more! This is the most Ive loved you,& the least ill ever love you again!! <3
RT to kill battery RT i'm fina put my cell phone in my pussy so i can keep my battery full.. yall be eeeezzzz..
Its been 1 month I haven't tweeting. O.O
lol at people who can get on twitter on their phone but not text you back. I find that hilarious.
no kidding! Very bizarre stuff in there in Clintonville.
A pair of socks..
Gah! You staying home?
Sweet! Jealous.
Considering a short sale? Get the answers to your questions at http:tinyurl.com/3rl4goz
Thanks for the retweet! You guys are awesome!
Can you follow back? Please!:)
I can't do that
Either way there's still always a back man aside :p but this is the best worst idea I've had.
That's funny. The next thing you know, you'll have to pay treble fines for overdue books at your local public library.
Well Mom is finally discharged from the hospital and doing well! She has been there since 10th Feb! Thanks for your prayers! God Bless!
crashing hard from too much caffeine
Luke: Are you alright in there? Me: Yeah, just rehearsing my lines for tomorrow. Luke: Fake crying again? Me: Uh, yeah. Luke: Just checking.
RT : “: Rally Falls Short - #SFGiants Fall 5-4 to the #Rockies and split this 2 game series”. Uh, understatement ...
Next Show this Sunday at 123 Pleasant Street in Morgantown, WV.. All ages!! Be there or Beheaded!
Never underestimate the power of the internet, a good or bad review can significantly influence your online reputation.
with closing remarks.
Yep RT : Anybody ever had this conversation before, "OK if we get caught, here's the story..."
Looking for a close place to lift? Look no further than ! Come in for a 10 day free pass!!
Senate Education Committee voting on bill making access to vacant district buildings to charter schools. Bill passes 7-0.
Watching on Icarly(:
How about it just closes and e-mails bookmarks to all the open tabs after half an hour of inactivity? PTNT PND!!!
I'm about to listen to brian mcknight b4 i watch my movie... Lololol
You got a fish?
Ball: "We know that the knowledge-practice gap exists." How will we bridge the divide in education?
Great rehearsal today for 'Gershwin' concert. Fresh, interesting arrangements and superb musicianship. Yeah!
I don't believe in jinxes, but wow.
reading #theseptemberissue of any fashion magazine gets me so excited for fall<3
I concur RT : Hahaha! I hate bridges!! BEST TYPO EVER!!
dear tech "journalists" arguing about instagram photo quality on iPhone vs. Android. a) get a life and b) no one cares. love max.
No sleeping for this girl tonight cause I'm voting for :D <3
Hey David, good to meet you! Cheers mate! How's filmmaking treating you?
hahahahahhaahahha jaykaay (: when am i ever going to use this?
Im sick,
What's happening on torch wood
what's ur Skype name there's three different Chloe maslows lol
IMMIGRATION!! You just keep talking about the subjects I love, Barack.
Nice job by #Rockies Alex White not walking a batter tonight. Bad job by the Rox bats.
you had a bad week coming back from DisneySMMoms?! #onlyalittlebitjealous ;) cc
Time is moving so slow.... I know what I want, I just don't know the right path to get it
I prefer a girl to tweet something like"I cant roll but I will pack you a nice bowl not only cause idk how to roll but its also healthier!"
that's why they invented Hulu. With college kids in mind.
lol. Pretty good source.
Watch out Watt kids: prediction of earliest and worst allergy season. Ever.
Good morning. Thunder chased the dog back in. :D
Omfg howard is terrible!.
“: Two goldfish are in a tank. One turns to the other and asks, "How the hell do you drive this?"”
#Isles and #Bruins under way 3rd period
CMS utilizes the MC65 to give our customers real time information
I'll talk to her pops
's bday party, prolly gonna be as lame as he is lol, happy bday bro
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. - Jim Rohn
i got an A in ancient greek philosophy! whoop whoop! but i'm still highly upset about that B+ in texas archaeology.
Funny tweets at
Thanks for the RT!
a #healthysmile tip from Kravitz Dental: Replace your toothbrush every two to three months.
If you are grown af and you are excited for a regular day such as, 4/20 you need to grow up!
Absolutely HUGE game today for my #Bearcats ...can't lose at home to a fellow bubble team...let's go UC!
My mid-life crisis will probably involve alot of Funions and Cake Boss.
My guess: poorly. RT : Wonder how well its being promoted locally...
Details on how to see it coming soon scott RT : how can we see this? Can't find in theaters...
Lol, well played!
i just saw this.. How rude!
Have the kill bill theme stuck in my head... good times :P
February 18th Baby!! Can't wait...I have an idea but it's a secret so follow me and I'll dm it to you. #PrettyPlease :D
and the Mormon Walrus is a great talent evaluator. He could find a gem down there.
Glad I'm not having to deal with light rail after the game.
So am I the only one hooked on #Scandal ??
Ravens are going for it on 4th and 6..Wow gutsy call by Harbaugh..
plz follow me u are totally funny and cool and I think apple products rule hey that rhymes haha lol
Watching Ball State Commencement on WIPB TV!
Chillin here in the home office.
Bet the nation is bubbling with excitement for this Warriors vs, Blazers game on ESPN tonight
Great Lakes runners. We're having a #DNation info session for all local(ish) runners on Dec. 8th at 6:15-Follow us to learn more!
Build #SM profiles. Build your network. When writing online content, write for people, not search engines. on
Honored to have been the 1st Latin American host to cover the Behind The Scenes of #SleepNoMoreNYC Thanks to everyone who made it possible
yes I do and I know I can't wait
New crepe restaurant going in on Railroad near Gaines.
That awkward moment you have no clue if your follower is gay o____O
you should listen to www.gloryholeradio.com
writing an essay for english...my journalism instincts are kicking in :]
How many entrants? How many seats? Good luck..
yea. Being a writer im still stuck in the 18 century
I'm in need of a handsyman for various fixes around my house.
Playing Wii with the kids...... Rockband? Mariocart? What ever happend to pac-man?
With rumors of the Vikings coming to LA, Los Angelinos should be happy w/ the move they did today. Great talent coming in with those picks.
Feelin' Kinda Down All Of A Sudden. G'night
thought of the day part 4: i'd rather find that audience with investigations and analysis. the other stuff has very little future.
There is a devil in every berry of the grape.
May need to see Rango now. Best animated film.
Last night saw the Avengers, tonight going to see the Cirque show LOVE. What fun things are you doing this weekend?
Bless you :) RT : May u always be blessed in all u do:) Blessings always sweetie:)
Church really helped me realize how blessed I am
Just spoke to my Granny. I don't know what I'd do without her
OH MAN OH MAN im so tired gonna take a nap
M, I love that place!! Noms.
no problem! and seriously im crying of laughter rn
Awww, shucks. That IS pretty darn cute. Thanks, Alicia!
- Joss is so easy to love.
$10 buckets and free pool today!
besides the perfect one? I'd love to know too! subdued #style in
the world is spinning all to fast and i can hardly catch my breath I'm just hoping this can last
just finished rebuilding the booth... yall know whats next!!!!
If I wasn't going to the sixers game, we should've gone to WC on friday to meet Matt Smith.
My 5 year old daughter Skye loves Dance Moms and MacKenzie the best!! :)
I haven't tweeted in a while
Yes !!! Are you coming too ?
Jus Woke Up To A Lil Boy In My Face, Tf '. Accidently Hit Himm In His Face.. My Badd Kid , My Badd.
thxs for having mindless b on Sat I was there it Was the best day will u every have them cum for instore again plz do
that's part of what I loved about it!
There is something about listening to #JamesBrown on a Friday that is very enjoyable. It makes me want to "step back and kiss myself"
So THAT'S what it feels like.
I Love you tyler hoechlin i love yoe colton haynes i love you tyler posey and i love you dylan o'brien ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
could be
Humility and submission, the two prerequisites for true power, can never be separated. - Ruth Harvey, The Shelf of Life
sounds like a party! I'll try to stop by!
Everything being equal deadline wise, I prefer to get the heavy lifting out of the way first.
read that he was involved in headon collision in France while converting those heathens; in coma for a few days-new
Today was the last day of school.My kids are so happy.We are headed to the beach.They have never been before.
It's 2pm...and we've officially premiered our #newmenu! Join us tonight for a first look, and of course, cheese and wine.
If it wasn't for my Rock Boat playlist, it would be unbearable! I miss my friend The Rock Boat! K.I.T. JB
SPOIL yourself with THE moisturizing candle, that leaves your skin feeling and smelling wonderful. www.miajoycandles.etsy.com
I thought you signed off.
Locally, might be Sparky. :)
Hey you know what u should do I'm just giving u some Ideas? Can u please follow my Twitter sister please!<3
Meeting: what value does this buy us? 'It's like kissing a unicorn while sitting on a pot of gold'.
Still accepting resumes for an entry-level FT Marketing Assistant position in a FUN & growing company! Send resume to
I have a new addiction to Fresca sodas! Not for much longer.....bummer!
What happened to ?
It's a GOAL! It's a new-born baby GOAL! Let's go #Caps! Up 3-2, 5:48 left.
My sweatpants are super snug today.
Hey guys, it's Saturday! What's goin down?
thank you :]
Dam it!
Would follow us back? Our new Boston sports store is in Fenway. Come visit 186 Brookline Ave
that sounds exciting! Took my ma and pa to Oddfellows today for some breakfast. We had a great time. It was packed!
time?!? Cause you knows I gots stuff to do plus ESPN been getting on my damn nerves lately lol
One Word To Describe Your Day...
notice he not answering
I used to have Uverse. loved it! the only reason I have TWC now is because there was supposedly a deal through my apt complex.
MT : Talk Tiny Bubbles..Wine Spectator Taste Like a Pro-this Fri 6pm & Sat 12.30pm - start w
This old woman next to me on the bus is reading bible literature which I find ironic because I was just praying to God that she stop farting
Can't believe how fast march is going already
But I think this is an inherent part of the psychedelic experience for many people. The question is why?
Thank you :)
yeah thats what i thought BUB.,
New job combines my passions for entrepreneurship and networking. If you're into startups,check out and plz spread the word!
ahhaha never give up on someone you care about... wat type of shit is that... LOL
#Pet Safety Tip: Always keep an identification file for your pet, which includes recent photos and a detailed description.
All you need is love :) Kickin' it at the office until you get here!!! Woot!
Good Afternoon! Twitterers ..
Thanks for sharing!
I think those suggestions are meant to be ironic. They never make any sense.
Most definitely agree!
Wis. elections board unanimously says recall election against GOP Sen. Scott Fitzgerald can proceed
It's been a sad and painful day for me on all fronts.
love the shirts! see ya there!
..bet you think my tweets be about you, i say i bet you think my tweets be about you.. lmbo
That's me!
I'm doing my natural science project it about biodiversity
Happy New Yr recommended I get in touch with you. Looking for some short #Drupal training assistance on a project.
Gasol thought he won the game with his first bucket
y u so cute
I Have MCAS for the next 2 days please wish me luck <3
#NB Violin to viola is so bad because it transcribes a 5th down aka INTO THE WRONG KEY. You're talking a new level of awful.
The bigger the bullet the more that bitch go bang!
Senior is on the top prospect list for todays Supplemental draft
Good luck with that (and your Phillies). Happy birthday.
Today, come and meet us for Jazz Brunch at Oro Pomodoro at Rockville Town Square. Kids eat for free all Sunday.
All these Ferrari cars flying right now.
Fighting the urge to celebrate too early. Less than a minute to go....
Sweet, just won some bucks @ #sactweetup! If only I had them on the Qponomics app...
My friend of nearly 20 years tried to insult my wife! Not a friend anymore.
Jimmy Kimmel: "There's a term for guys like President Obama. Probably not two terms." Hope he's right.
- I'm embarrassed to say how emotionally invested I was in that game. You are the Kathryn Bigalow to my James Cameron.
Good luck Stanley!
RT : GREAT! I love being a Marketing major at #FIU!! :)
Hahah yeah, i am. Just like a ninja (which i love) or Batman C: and nope, guess i aint. Score.
What do guys notice first on a woman, hair or boobs? Reply to us with #hair or #boobs to vote!
can you feel the party coming on?...humm, by this time tomorrow...you should be day-dreaming of the ruckus we'll be causing 9pm++
A confused orange is a happy orange. C:
Oh my goodness! That sounds like fun. I love horses..I've never ridden on one before, Well, I did once but it was a pony ride!
Yeah :/ he's had that dog forever
haha I'm saying bro! I took a picture of it but it won't upload on twitter for some reason
"this looks like a sharks game". Wtf #Flyers looking awful
Date Night with + 1
I think I might just bike to work this whole summer instead of drive. Cos I really do NOT wanna be out of shape by the time August comes...
OMG i don't wanna go back to school but i miss my frands love you guys
Ok, I have to work on app design! ;)
Hey all how have u been pimp me.
Sorry to be so late, but thanks for including us!
What's worse on stage: a burp coming up when you're singing, or dropping your guitar pick in the sound hole?
do you say that #ouch lmao
Mobile swiftly moves to core of all brand communications. www.zesmo.com
happy travels!
"business orientation, expectations, political connection, cultural adaptation." and in midst of all that, get some work done!
#TeamGod Every day & every night ❤🙏
#sla2010 in politics today, we're self-validtng our beliefs: Carville
really liking the Jerel Worthy pick
RT - Go Brady!Go Patriots!Go New England! I've come back to twitter
Watching Shattered Glass. Love this movie.
Disappointment: being favored in every game but one and going 6-6. Leadership problem, not a playmaker or officiating problem
the best Bento has to offer from Portugal, or does he only want men who will say yes and march to his tune?
THEN IMMA START RAPPING SOME DRAKE SINGING SUM C.BROWN && SINGING SUM NIRVANA!!!
❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ Missing Somebody.
I'm originally from western NY, south of Buffalo. Good luck w/ your stateside move.
I remember working All Hearts! Are you nominated for any student awards?
The Dream Talks Cheating on Christina Milian, Writing Hit Songs, Working with Kim Kardashian and More with “The Breakfast Club” [VIDEO]
I never realized it, but since I have a finger mustache I'm part French now...
I've been hating Drake long before it was cool. Just another r&b singer
Do you mean when our score projections differ by more than 10 pts from the game spread and total?
Sigh... I'm so far behind on blogging and other social stuff. Busy stinks sometimes =/
MT : I less than three for bringing me an italian sub from all the way to my work on his day off.
you love me, so hush.
is playing softball. :D
how deep is ur love for me druhill
lol sounds good to me
I've had Jameson antithesis a pickle back! Let's go it's Friday cheers!
The best way to avoid arguments with your children is by talking with them in age-appropriate ways. Use words they understand.
Week 3 and Latisse eyelashes are finally showing...longer, darker and curling up! It works !
libraries as trust (or distrust?) institutions -- can we lead DH for the people? weighs in.
Hmm… It's 2012, and I still think Office 2003 was the best Office release they ever had. Not exactly progress.
Treat your girl with respect and she might do the same lol
Exams going on in my outer office...trapped!!!
YES RT : Words can't describe how excited I am to see everyone in Chicago tomorrow! :D
Anna Chich Jewelry will be worn in the Snow fashion show tonight in SF! We are so excited!
Congrats to on her prize! Signing off of
I know Facebook is hella whack but people need to make their own, instead of going on mine.
I'm so ready to be successful!My own CAREER!My own condominium! My own BMW! My own 6 figure plus salary! Ready to start the rest of my life!
aw thanks so much hun!! It was a lot of fun to make, though I wish I Nessie was in it...looked weird though when I tried
This is my day for walking (for about an hour) in Central Park.The low temps and wind chill have nothing to do with it.I need sunglasses,tho
thanks Nancy! Have a great weekend yourself.
I'm in section 209 !
Getting some beach time in after our Sunday night Rehoboth beach show
Its fun Going to random weddings and yelling "Don't marry him, I still love you!"
Spring Green General Store!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the mothers, aunts, sisters & the rest of the village who have stepped up & understood the call to mother.
aw, man. THAT is busy.
That's where I've been for almost 11 hours now.
Wishing I was heading to Paris...
I guess were going to go into Yemeni now. Troops fired on protesters there.
There's an Ikea opening in Centennial in Fall 2011! Hallelujah!
I know!! I'm sorry. That was an example of why one should read before she tweets! , when r y'all coming to Austin?!
Saving Gotham City from Dr. Hugo Strange.
hah, 'constellation prize'. i see what you did there.
I type like SUCH a girl >__<
Getting a few good #blackfriday chaos pics. If you got em send em. Showcase is tomorrow.
I gotta admit, my wife cooks very well and it is a big +. However, maybe he'll cook for you instead? ;)
We are one of the few places that still have #Hopslam. Tonight is our wet bar. 3.95 gets you steamed shrimp, oysters or mussels!
I was told to stay away. Those 2 words I can't obey. So now I dance in the flames. I love you crying & screaming my name.
more missions to come
im doing good just chillin at home we suppose to be gettin more snow how u doing
and the Five Heels love the pink soccer ball!
congrats!! We're excited to have you!
SWEET! Were doing pretty well for a couple of girls, hey? #hnh2012!!
Thank U! Yea jus a lil dwn but I'm shakin it.
“ “ Time to take down the tree, because every year should start with a menial, depressing chore.””
Ran into an old friend and the first thing that came out of my mouth was "my birthday is in a week!" i get my smoothest skills from
hey plz tell them to give me a shoutout !!!!! Lol if u can u don't hve to if u don't hve time!! Lol
Are you looking to buy/sell a home?
Summerfest booklets are now available at the City Center Concierge desk!
In your opinion, what is the worst/messiest dish you could order on a first date? Ribs? Saucy spaghetti? What do you think??
I think rob and tosh just need to team up and create ridiculousness.0
Our main business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at hand. Thomas Carlyle
I just wanna be up north, laying on my dock, and looking up at the stars.
And if you're there to see #art, check out Buff Elting's new work at Space Gallery. RT Santa Fe District in
Yep! My Jomadado shop is where the shirt is from. Made it in 2009 & it took off in Dec 2011 thanks to Kidd Kraddick.
#Ignite- for daily thought leader nuggets www.smartbrief.com
Crap, Flying Colors is only doing one east coast show in NYC during the middle of the week. Tough for a college student! :(
I love talking to him😍
#winning RT Pantsless driver arrested for alleged 6th drunken driving offense, police say
No matter what you've done, you are still the apple of God's eye, Fantasia. Repent, forgive, love yourself and move forward!
how does the instant replay CONFIRM a clear path foul?? Barnes clearly tripped!!
i know omg i'm so worried like what if
Glad I have at least one person excited about my live tweeting! Follow my Newborn Class thoughts at #BabiesAreScary :)
watching kick ass lol :)
Well I've seen you suffer, I've seen you cry for days and days So I'll be your liquor, demons will drown and float away...
been busy but doing pretty good. I have a new boyfriend and am so much happier
Thanks Astrid for the great tweet!!!
Share with me your data! i.e Apple,and it's decision to hire slav labr n China And get Tx brks.2 chg $500 4 a 40$ tool.
weekends shouldn't be so short..
This Saturday at the Columbus Civic Center. Lost On LeMans and Ice skating + food and drinks. ONLY $5 :)
I back Lars if such a throw down were to happen :)
study session tmwr same place as last time?
Who else has pink eye double time? (both eyes) Oh ya, no one! Cuz everything always happens to me! #Pain Like people say #NoPainNoGain :(
Steal ideas from other libraries as well as people outside of libraries.
I thought this was the bulls year, hopefully Derek Rose has a speedy recovery.
You don't understand me, The way I keep us here.
I just did a search for #Downton, and saw that you posted something. How weird. Love that show...
I'M SAD MY DREAM DIDN'T COME TRUE YOUR NEVER GONNA FOLLOW ME BUT YOUR STILL AMAZING AND I STILL <33333333333333333 YOY SO MUCH
#oregon band looks like pizza delivery guys
Hey I ment to tell you that you looked cute in you dress tha other day:)
Quote from new PatD song: "ever since we met/I only shoot up with your perfume/it's the only thing/that makes me feel as good as you do" wow
Mandatory overtime just killed my weekend trying to come up with plan B some people will be upset
Caged Wisdom
hello weirdo :p im bored so i decided to twitter
Go USA Soccer!
Wouldnt it be awesome if followed me that wouldnt happen though:( but ill always keep believing maybe one day it will(:
in honor of #FF, please welcome my first graduate student to join twitter:
yep, i am new here :D
THEY COULD SING DREAMER AND HAVE FLOATING TACOS ABOVE THEM LIKE THEY DREAMIN ABOUT TACO BELL TACOS!
You got it.
the force be with you, it may.
I agree but a lot of fans hv acted to me like he's the second coming (to which I reply: "Do U even WATCH basketball? LOL")
Thank you so much. <3would you please tell your followers to vote for Germany too? It's our biggest dream. And you've a big acc.
Thank god for blessing me to see 21 a lot niggas don't make it this far
RT : #1 barrier to get mobile implemented at the SMB level is automation. Interesting point from So-Lo-Mo panel
Just let the Orioles savor one sweet moment at the top, alright? I'm sure it's fleeting... :P
Avoid John Nolen Inbound, Dane Co dispatch tells me there is a multi-vehicle crash causing delays.
we're definitely getting ready, lots of new shows in the works! #cancersucks indeed.
Sometimes times u end up losing yourself trying to hold on to someone that doesn't care about losing you
Kathleen Jones, Kindezi school founder: Beauty of charter schools is you can try out different things.
Thanks for the follow
I just realized that I have 2 wisdom teeth coming in...kill me now.
no prob at all. You should come out sometime we have good food and horny hour is a great deal
ima take him to your moms early that ok?
Texture. Something that crayons can cling to.
is back
and or glitter may i ad ;)
i think i need a chocolate stash in my desk.
RT : My wife said she wanted to "do it in public." Why would she want other people to see her cook?
2 presentations, 2 papers and an exam just before finals just isn't fair
is this real life
Just saw a guy on a Harley with a yoga mat on his back.
in the last pic, im the girl in the white skirt(:
for those keeping score it is Whitlock-1 and The World-0
That's a hidden gem of a wine. The regular Grignolino is a terrific spaghetti wine, too.
Having a little issue with the server, hopefully the site will be back up and running in no time!
Alert the press! Fritz has two working tail lights now!
Best head shrinkers in town!
I failed my German test and Now is singing.... oh German class hahaha
That's crazy. Whoever is doing this needs to be caught and severely punished. That stuff isn't funny at all.
my staff just told me dropped out of the prez race y'all. Good thing he did it before he made a FOOL of himself
goodnight jessica
THIS DAMN GAME IS NOT OVER\
we r always there!! :-) come stop by
puppy party play dates?!?!?
Looking forward to the Tequila Dinner during Jan 2010!
wtf you doing
why do you constantly tease my hair? You must be jealous.
yea "Taking pictures wit the president..told em for health care my music is the medicine" GET EM BABY!!!!
Gregg popovich might be the best coach in sports.
true but what are y'all chance at winning this series? Y'all in trouble lol
happy Pi Day all!
#FantasyFootball fans... Week 9 sleeper picks are up at www.hottubsleeperpicks.com
One thing I will NOT tolerate is a thief.
I noticed whenever i take a nap, I always wake up to my sister doing -____- something always has to REALLY bright or REALLY loud >.>
You try to be cool, you look like a fool to me....
More first reactions: Watching derby with someone who’s skated and reffed raises fascinating discussions of strategy and tactics.
The first Chen Award goes to & for "Apps for Kids & Parents". Congrats!
You are the BADESS bitch on the block!!!!! :)
gonna be in lex this weekend skidz?!
thank you for the quick response.
ahahah! I go to matt whats up, he goes in the shower u ? i go texting in the shower?! lmfaoo
2012, supposed to be end of the world, maybe we all get eaten by the giant earthworms
I tweet my feelings because I'm scared to tell you how I'm feeling .
Totally in love with all the huge dangly statement earrings that wears on she def has personal style!!
oh cool! next up get you out west :)
U.S. appeals court overturns a 2010 decision that absolved from having to police for media content that violated copyrights
Finally getting the hang of driving in Chicago
Congrats, Kevin!
is it ok if I make a band called "Mitch Canada" from last weeks game scoop?
#Design enables conversations and ideas that can solve the world's most pressing issues.
Flogging Pancake
It was probably me. Good memories!
we are in! #statebeer. when I am in sf next weekend, I wasn't planning on drinking any non-Cali beers anyway!
I learned it by watching you, Kate. I learned it by watching you.
and my dad said "No honey, that's a BOY lion. It has a mane. See?" So I said, "Then HIS name is JENNY."
Burnt to a crisp.
i goto take a shower i feel like i am nasty!! lol
Leveraging the market&#39;s new normal
ha nope! new album is just great. not like their old stuff...i'm sure there's legions of (still) melancholy fans who hate it.
o hai Jeff carter
and Religious Extremists he criticizes have much in common.
Outrageous! I am perfectly qualified to teach #DH or medieval lit with DH. I use Twitter, Hootsuite, and Zotero with Worldcat
First taste of real sunlight in a very long time.
