#truthis im trying out for x factor next year.
#Celtics survive without Rondo!
nope lol Im never angry with you :)
it's Quaker steak too :). Love this olace
#oomf is stupid
Million dollar leadership question, "Would you be excited about following you?"
Actually finishing a playthrough of Terranigma sounds like a good idea.
We love you THANK YOU
than* and I can still see where you're tweeting from #stalking you till I getcha bitch
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone to...
The #ict2dc team has been e-mailing plans and arrangements back and forth like MAD today!
ha only 6'2, I thought I was kind of short actually XD, well bro I got to catch some sleep see ya around
We're headed to the for a tour and then the game tonight!
My fucking mom !
that's for like the Boyfriend video I think. Lol
You are a transplant! You don't say "hella!" Sip your siphon coffee from Blue Bottle, eat a quinoa scone, & stay strong friend.
lol apparently you did!! Haha. I'm done next week!
yeh I am but I'm bout to leave cuz my rents r on their way dwn frm nova and I gotta clean the apt lol n aw I will nxt class :)
Be yourself for as much of today as possible.
xoxo, Gossip Girl ;-*
#SMWcampiagn: says #socialmedia has self-correcting mechanisms for crazy, contrasted to email chains <--I hope so!
Thanks lady! You and I should do a workshop soon.
My Big Brah Shake said, My nigga! You need to get in that studio A.S.A.P!! You ain't saying nothing but a word big brah.
Find Laura Vogel!
I dream until they crashh..but I never give up
#jimmandich #mandich #maddog #miamidolphins A universal loss to sports by a universally loved man. Will keep dolphins winning, Jim Mandich.
": Got the word a lil while ago. Just got called up to #Orioles." Go gett'm Bill!
"Stupid people are blissfully unaware of just how stupid they really are." -Patrick Star
if I try to enter Muay Thai fights by the time i'm 40, I might not live to see 50 :)
99% of the people I work with have no idea im a big bearded, heavily tattooed guy.
TO THEM: HIP-HOP CROWD EQUALS "BLACK & BROWN PEOPLE". OH SCARY! WHAT WILL PEOPLE THINK!
Hey Trina how is your day goin?
Sunday with no football = #reddeadredemption, food and of course sharper focus on
RT : NEXT WEEK: in Seattle hosts "Health IT: Innovation and Opportunity in a Changing Market" REGISTER:...
I still ship Annie & Troy dude.
kay, I'm chillin' with my bestie ;)
HEY I HEARD YOU WERE A WILD ONE!!
Watching futurama feels like having a weirdd dream.
thank you for the #FF , pending tdlr we will be having a show in lubbock on January 28 please help spread the word!
Bout damn time
Selling stuff on Craigslist is weird. I don't want ppl coming to my house!
miss you
Eager and ready for webinar!!! Join us!!
RT - I hope this hurricane fucks up New England's Patriots stadium .
So... CJ0K is off the block, huh?
Isn't Pinterest just flair for people who don't work at Chotchkie's?
#TheBestFeelingInARelationship is when you cuddle<3
I LOVE IT! it hurt when the piercer put the jewlery on the needle in my belly...but the needle itself didnt hurt too bad:D
I'm still in shock!
On the way to the new gig. First day at
We've hit 900 followers! Please let all of your followers know about us. We want to make a life changing film. We can't do it without you.
Ugh I still can't believe she got me sick!!
Your smell comforts me, that's how i know i'll be okay at night.
Yep. Also part of some bigger improvements planned. Hope you like them Bruce.
I feel like turn signal lights have become vestigial structures.
Very cool. Can you pick the voice for the 'Read-to-me" feature? James Earl Jones reading 'Dilbert' would be so sweet...
I love weddings -- just might be more challenging with a baby...
Nice to see you here! Btw, I linked to one of your stories (about microbes) in my latest blog post.
Bored someone text me
Nice pic...looks like a great place to hike!
Brand new whip for these niggas like slavery
RT : #FF - nurse by night, social media star by day (check out ) recent addition to...
Missin' all my on-campus #schmedia guerrilla Tweet buddies. Mad love to y'all from Chicago!
Skip Bayless says Colts making big mistake by taking Luck over RG3, adding that Luck is a safer pick for Indy if playing to Colts fanbase.
#Shuttle flyovers remind me more and more of a funeral procession. We no longer can get into orbit by ourselves.
Were you fresh as a daisy?
Famous Kites. Bono Oprah Stephen King. It's big time global influence energy
The test for whether or not you can hold a job should not be the arrangement of your chromosomes. - Bella Abzug
Take your time, I am insanely behind on mail and do not deserve prompt responses #snailmail but look forward to it!
wow! So you got a job down there? Where r u working? That's so great!
I dont pick up the tab for a motherfucker who hasnt done a damn thing for me...break bread, make it a fair share...work for this shit!
You up there?
All the seniors at school are graduating tonight awh
Covering Goodbye First Love, by Mia Hansen-Love, aka the woman Olivier Assays calls mon amour. Sadly, she's not got her fella's touch.
Good Morning!Artistic Quote::The world today doesn't make sense, so why should I paint pictures that do?-Pablo Picasso Create your day!
way to support:) thanks dude
Lol, I love you too Brittany <3 By the way... you are my 1,000th tweet
Thank you for the RT and for the kind words. :)
Deluxe Adult Wolfman Costume
bet these shows will b outa this world PRINCE 4 EVER
Thanks, you too!
I'm guessing credit cards or sugar daddy
well, there was that 75 minute period back in 1998 that repeated in 2005... the exception that proves your overall point.
I'm so incredibly happy for you and your family... I'm so excited!!! :)
Will you guys ever come to Florida??? :)
In the ground in Tampa... And starting to head south... Kids searching for pirates and parrots. I'm searching for a beer..
Starbucks happy hour!!
Vote Today! Please remember to bring yourself and a few friends to the polls and cast your vote for Bill Stanley for VA20 Senate. Thank You!
I don't think y'all mean that other "UC" in California lol
GOAL GOAL GOAL!!!!!! Sweetness
Watched a show on TV last night...hence the following...AGAIN! Ladies, Your wig should not look like it's a wig! www.drwiggys.com
follow backk please?
pretty cool so far. Can't wait for dinner and sleep tonight.
Getting a rave review from your boss does wonders! Employee #Satisfaction!
Game is not over yet “: Curious: How many Packers fans do you think already booked their Super Bowl trips to Indy?”
Looking to fill two Senior Records Manager openings in the DC area. Looking for candidates with 3+ years supervisory experience as well as …
#rochmn aaahhhh the exotic sounds of Bolero...at the RSO rehearsal.
My summer has officially started! Last exam down! Woo!
hahaha what happened when we left? :o
Hello Kayvan, Thank you for following us!
are you still doing the picture thing for the video? oh btw followback please(:
Time of day?
Waitin on my friend ta get off work so we can go ta da mall..!!
text me! I lost my numbers!
I'm trading politics for an evening of volleyball. See ya!
what I worry abt is students demanding last min support from u when an assignment is due at 2am
Drugs: Legalization or decriminalization? Which would you prefer?
Wish I could just be with him right now.
#chipolopolo! #chipolopolo! I wish I was back in Mwiniglunga or Solwezi celebrating. I can only imagine how happy they are in Zambia.
OTW my home let's go..
I was so upset when you swooped in on him.
DID YOU KNOW? 150 chemicals found in home are linked to Allergies * Birth Defects * Cancer * Psychological Disorders *
Christy's invitations are going to be GORGEOUS! Thank you, A Printable Press! <3
RT : Hey coach, when are your open gyms? (Saturday mornings at 9AM. We go every sat, June 2 last day)
if they will I'm killing THT whore...I kno ppl who are friends wid her...time to get her killed quickly mawhahahaha
Good stuff, thx. Funny you mention that, my old show was called... What's Brewin'
lol.. maybe not you but a lot of other people. When I feel this way it feels like sixth grade all over again.. -.-,
Thanks for coming to visit us. Sounds like you were quite a hit among our crowd - both for delicious and educational reasons!
TEMECULA: Schools get desserts of Taste fundraiser - Press-Enterprise
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 50
Do you know of any in app payment tutorials? I want to create an interactive sci fi story and take payments for in story items
:-/ RT : So is having a show on Aug 27th. There is no way in hell I'll be able to make this one.
haha so I hear...hail to the twitter hackers
"SCREW 'EM!" omg love it
My recent tweets are about music, wine, music, wine, more music, and then wine. I'm seeing a trend here.
your eyes resemble stars burning through the universe.
Sometimes I wish my life was like Jersey Shore. Then I watch 6 seconds and realize what a disgusting disgrace they are to Mankind
Hey thanks for the follow! Your blog is great
Can't believe you haven't invited those Harvard boys to road trip to the Cave. Yet.
U dont have it write a novel u can start by writing down your thoughts everyone has to start some where
i was so happy a week ago! what the hell happened!:/
ILL CUT YOU
I'm not the jealous type, but remember we started as friends too.
Sorry to miss tonight! Hubs is out & I'm about to put the beast to bed.
Team Phillip all the way!!!!!!
Look at Bron
Damn mama.!!
Hey joe really u r going to blame a field? Rivera is 43 maybe his time is up. Should've retired
morning to you
I woke up this morning to my family singing and breakfast being made! I love having them in town!
Dentist appointment this should be fun :/
has the most swag as a kid than anyone!!!
“: HP get ready to sue Samsung!” what happened?!?
love you darling 💜
end of name, though we do own line as a coding standard in PHP at work
#ConfessionNight sometimes i feel like the ugliest person in the world & i cry.
Needing some live sound in nov? Hit us up, we still have a few open dates!!!
Snow falling.
That makes it sound like you woke up and found yourself accidentally feeding a baby.
Start your resolution to learn to play guitar! Sessions at the Green Valley Lib. starting 1/5/12 @ 6:30. Release your inner musician!
RT : I'm going to NYC at the end of the week. Is there a bus tour yet???
Thanks Have a great monday!
Boys > Homework
I LIKED IT!!!!! #HungerGames Worth staying up for!!! 👏🎬🎥
HAHAHAHA! "...Benny the Bull and four portly Matadors could probably beat them"
always one step ahead of me (;
Perfect timing to announce May 12th "guest bartending appearance" by George #Kottaras at ! Details to follow. RT PLEASE!!!
I don't know but someone promised me there would be donuts...
My pleasure! Yes I do. Happy Friday to you too :-)
TCGD STILL GOING!!! up 3,600%... This is a monster!!! Slap the ask!!!
Where will you watch the sunset tonight? We'll be on our top floor!
the day someone takes a swing at MC, I am there to watch!!
Reese looks awesome!
Love the zipper Google doodle today.
Can someone tell me what radio stations have the packer game on them?
followed follow back?
Prepping for a presentation on Orphan Works and libraries, archives and museums. 15 minutes of fame? Think not.
What a pass by Lebron. Some things you just can't teach.
Called into Gallery 3 because of a lizard on one of the paintings!
Thanks for the retweet! Not only is the film covering a new concept but the whole article from The Spec had interesting points
nope u're not :D
I will manage my anger when you manage your stupidity.
found ya!
we will be checking out ur album. Thanx
Fire alarms going off at #KOK #awesome don't worry no problems :)
#np Hurt - Crux
Had one of the best birthdays! Had a great time with friends and family!
says Tequila Party, non partisan, is targeting Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio next.
Entertainer of the Year I am always proud of you girl.
How is it that I always spend a hundred dollars at the grocery store no matter what or how much I buy?
how u doing doggie?
Hey whats up Nathan its your nephew Daniel, I am following you now, we just got twitter for our company Teens Coaching Teens :)
Science gives too much power to publishers because of old perception of print publication as complex in new digital world. Adam Bly
'not caring' doesn't factor in all the structural, environmental, and access issues that contribute. y'know? anyway...
$40K? Then it is even worse.
. Presenter then suggested Elsevier could buy/found a university. More likely Google. Google U would break application recor ...
too many girls want attention, and not respect
Where do they do that?
Looking forward to a great day!!! ;-)
RT Follow ==> Chicago's West Loop art, food & business district. #ExploreFultonMarket Join us May 12th 12-5pm. Be there!
This morn I had a fab jog with a friend Emma. We ran on the NYC river walk & bike lanes, seen boats. It was awesome! I'm happy thankful! :)
Jack's Mannequin Radio on Pandora. Yeah, Pandora's still cool.
Amy is scheduled to at the Cowboy Palace Saloon in LA to make a series of videos with the Chad Watson Band.
Naive as hell. Thank God Obama has wisdom, patience. Ignorance goes right & left. Only a fool aids the enemy.
lol I just woke up. I'll get ready now
I wish I knew how to play the hammer dulcimer.
Coupons flemington outlet
Join us for our tailgate on May 7th! Tailgate starts at 5pm and game is at 8pm! GO POWER!
To do list: (1) Buy a sword. (2) Name it "Kindness." (3) Kill people with "Kindness."
hahaha. Well who doesn't like spending time there?
There goes my babyeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
At this point, no more excuses..Won't except them..I realize I can't make 'em..God will guide but will u, I, we follow..100% or nothing!!
Hurry up, fag
RT : It shouldn't take 20 minutes to re-schedule an appt. with What internet provider do you use in DC?
omg lol take it easy!
Neck is throbbing? Ouch.
Just went for a GREAT run! Now it's time to cook dinner and watch today's races!
That awkward moment when you don`t know how to smile when someone is taking a picture.
Today's User Group sesh ft. Our Lady of the Lake College is at 1pm! Don't forget to register before noon to ensure your space in the webinar
Absorption from the oral mucosa has special significance
You should see her in nothing but a flannel shirt and a cup of coffee in the morning (there will be no further details)
same boat. Im clueless.
gargle lukewarm salt water. Works like a charm:)
can you RT #IfSoccerTrendsDuringSuperBowl we are trying to #GrowTheGame in U.S. off the back of the great game this morning!
Drs who want to be rich have their priorities wrong; but their reasoning is probably based on the crazy hgh cost of med school
YES PLEASE!!!!! Tripple shots of expresso.
I need more good nights. I can't wait to be in Btown!
Someone through flour on kim kardashian at a red carpet event? LMAOOOOOO...talk about frying some chicken.
i do too
Funny how it's called truTV yet all the shows are so obviously scripted. Hardcore Pawn is by far one of the worst shows on tv.
I wish, the boy maybe but the career not even close unfortunately :(
Busy week- heading to Los Angeles this week to film a movie....
": I feel like Ill never be able to successfully communicate with you."
very cool website. I look forward to reading regularly:)
im so done for saying that.
Hit 2345 in 3s last night running RMP. (First night playing, not bad!)
#MyBiggestProblem is finding a good bf(:
Beliebers Are Unstoppable..We already knew this(:
an he smokes, Lol that's why a blood test is a no,no🚬🚬🚬🚬
oh! well yeah I agree with you!
same here haha
say hello to the pilgrims for me!
I hear you, I'm in Frisco with my son's AAU team for the weekend so I know your struggle!!!
Just an FYI if you want the LATEST NEWS, follow Great journalist, great guy and is a down-to-Earth person who I respect greatly
#MarchMadness is here again. Who do you have in your bracket? Any tips on some sleepers?
,is simply amazing.
On 01/28/10 - The Village at Manor Park will be at Music Under Glass at the Domes. Music & Free admission for troops with military ID
Like , I am gratified to be recognized by academic spammers for my "expertise in marketing researches."
Sacramento howe avenue tailpipes coupons
Its not every day you help catch a drunk driver! that #fucker almost killed me, and !
Seeing as any link on the site redirects you to fake-a-wish.com I'm going with fake.
You still playin??“: at hoots in lex currently”
Alot of rapper goin broke and owe the IRS#and we thought you was ballin
Haha. Not.A.Fan obviously. Kit Hoover & Billy Bush fantastic together, for how little I watch those shows. Lopez & Barbaro? No
there is no such thing as too much sriracha.
all done :) please follow me back on it?
made lunch for myself and then forgot about it.
WOW--you knew I was getting married!! How I wish I could click my heels and have you appear, DJ J-Flex.
Halftime show is always a desperation attempt for entertainment!! Any idea for the show ??
First time for everything right? lol. Glad I could be there for the concert in the breakroom hahahaha.
I never said any of those things -She
did you see it?
Will be serving between 6th and 7th on Walnut.
Fast replies make me feel like you actually want to talk to me. But slow replies make me think you're talking to someone better.
you talking bikes or horses? Ain't never seen those thing go thru stirrups.
thanks! We're digging it!
Big day tomorrow!! ;]
Having a bad day. Including having to turn down my dream job because I'm slack in every other aspect of life. Gonna meditate on
Will you ever follow me? <3 x3
My mohawk > your life.
Yummy in my tummy haha! RT : Garlic and Herb
They say love is in the air so i hold my breathe till my face turns purple.
Getting stoked for my first class tonight. Excited + nervous to be going back to school!
Good morning! We'll be posting more information soon about our upcoming concert to benefit Haiti. Save the date: 2/11/10!
Have you used the Software? Im thinking about trying it
Sleeping in the bathroom and I didn't even go out drinking!
Relay for Life
I checked out your blog. Sounds good.
X games is lookin pretty good so far! To bad Levi isn't in it :/..
Don't forget to be the way you are
why are you not following me
I'm so confused.
Amazingly enough, there are some good comments, too.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I don't love myself my daughter, and my family100%
State Competition is coming up Feb 23-25! If you're a current paid DECA member - we're working to make your attendance and travel fees free!
Not searching.
So far Google Drive is exactly the same thing as Dropox. Google, why didn't you just buy Dropbox?
false! "dammit i'm mad." is the same in reverse
yep! Pool, golf carts, yummy food, and tasty drinks! haha im being corny right now.
oh I hope so too I hope you get down to 0 GO HAWKS!
I am not perfect.. But I love my wife...
Not to listen to Backstreet Boys, even though that's the first thing I did.
The Fox Tucson Theatre in Tucson AZ will be presenting Cab Calloway Orch. Jan 13 @ 7:30pm. This is not a show to miss!
A "sharticle," if you will.
Delivery day for newest draft of #ThePiccoIncident -- still time for 1 more pass on it, right ?
hahahahahaha ALL THE DADDIES ARE BAD
ewww, skid marks can stay home...puhleeze!!
dszsdvrrthes » Blog Archive » At&amp;t finds love with android - China ...
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be. Einstein
re-reading *subject to change*. many good ideas to work with. especially in framing conversations with clients. what are you reading?
Heard about lots of great upcoming books from our fabulous editors today #HachettePrev! So great to chat with so many librarians.
There may be a new style king on the Nats with JJ's arrival...
Our Party Wall , CRACKING !
thanks for the #ff missing
thank you :-) Happy Hearts Day to you Too!
Today is a beautiful awesome and blessed day!! :) Hope you alls day is filled with health and prosperity!! :)
sry ive bn "under" 4 a while - was in China fly back soon...
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed the talk. It was a pleasure to visit.
This song is my life right now.
Wall street is look,ing for trouble, we the people of New York city will give them hell. I for one will join in the fight.
Happiness is going barefoot on the first day of work
greatly appreciated!
Thanks for the shout out Justin. Good to see you last night.
Getting ready for North Side Leadership Conference meeting for NS sandwich week. There will be great food and events.
oh yeah... no one fucking cares.
"This time, like all times, is a very good one if we but know what to do with it." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
That was a great piece this morning!
Question 1: why do people jog? Question 2: why do people jog in the street?
Anyone ever had a few pints at Kochanski's? How was it?
Pixel Mix (post-production and motion graphics meetup) is tonight at 7 at Caribou Coffee (corner of W Market and Hawkins). You should come.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards
nope that wasn't me, but good guess as to which show I'd listen to
Nice track! Abdu, we all need to chill!
Looking! :P
Twitter, you let me down on the Inglourious Basterds thing. No one had any ideas of where my DVD could be.
good mornin baby
honored to be selected to speak alongside the greatest women on Earth! April 28th Make sure to support this amazing organization!
Hey Joel, how are you doing? Follow me on twitter if you want
Shift work can be a bitch.
well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya....a little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
thank u <3
Bummed to be missing today's #techtribe meeting/lunch with et al.
Emerald adheres to proven methodologies in the identification, recruitment, screening and retention of legal professionals.
washington, minnesota, ... what the hell though anythings better than hanie
My room looks like a tornado hit
hey my beautiful niece can u help me get 2,000 so i can follow my new followers plz :-)
i'm the oldest i've ever been, but i'll never be this young again. #whoaperspective i'm officially 22 and ready to take on the world. :)
I get so happy knowing I've gained weight and need to buy new pants
- Oct 27: Can You Handle This...
You only have one life and you only have one chance. Two things you must remember.
The Pancake Zombie Says: "I just fell down the D* steps!" The Red Baby Says: "You need more balance, Mother F*k"
FALSE! ... Mainly bc she abandoned me last weekend!
May I never be that much of an adult!
Watching my -unty show on nbc betty whites prank show
The twitter Q "what are you doing" changed to "what's happening" and now to...? Did it disappear?
I'm there!
Uber rich fucked it up my friend.
Ok, ok, we get it, killjoys -- it doesn't change anything. But can those that need to just have their moment of joy?
note 2 SUN: thank you for being here, even when i can't see you, you're here warming my soul and nourishing mother's bed in which i lay.
Elephants love to have their tongue slapped. --
"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work" until later xoxo
The day "Eye of the Tiger" no longer motivates you is the day you need to question your life.
#ragemode to start Thursday
My dad did not like black women...he said they smelled like a hamster cage.
Kings rolling over the Grizz. Night keeps getting better for the Rockets.
There is an army of us dedicated to the promotion of justice. We'll get there soon enough. See you at the finish line.
it was lost long ago
Looking to buy or sell a home? Visit us today at www.TheOertelGroup.com to learn how the current market will affect you.
I got a show out in hollywood opening up for you should come check it out!
But never HIV positive. RT : Always be positive. :)
I know, she really needs some help, I think that is a cry for help I hope her family hears it.
Instead of going Topless, it would be great if Ri Ri would use what's on Top of her head - Her Brain- That would be Great!
off to austin for
wow...surrounded by people stuck in madness!
Thankful 4 the people God has in my life.. I keep a close circle of honest, true, sincere & loyal friends! Value the great peeps in ur life!
tell lucchino he's awful at his job for me! We need a SS, a wholesale outfield change, and a bullpen!
Lin is exhausted......to many minutes played D'Antoni tins his players to the ground......
keep moving
About to present on Coke in the 1960s to The Collectors Club convention. Should be fun. ^JB
Where we're you last night 😳 😉 “: lmaoo last night was worth it tho”
My room is SO MESSY!
Ooh...spam number that calls my cell phone AND leaves a message!--which is 2 min of silence. Well played, evil.
Trying to make something happen tonight
Hey, stop being modest. They great! :)
Toshiba Debuts Monstrous 13-Inch Tablet [PICS]
"Sort of" usually means nothing. But in some circumstances it means everything. Like after "I love you" or "You're going to live."
I wanna come.
RT NOAA: Radioactive tsunami debris in AK highly unlikely
indeed! It was my first Jewish service. A good experience.
Hackworth: "crucial stretch for Seattle"
I miss you too! RT : i miss
you love me too 
Lenny Kravitz was so amazing as Cinna in the hunger games 'We're here to help you make an impression' :O
Thanks so much for the shoutout!
Hey, it's actually a cool song!!!! :P :L But seriously :D <3 x
Sometimes people don't notice the things we do for them..Until we STOP doing IT! -__-
#loyal love ;)
me either haha
THANKS Jen, it's still kind of sinking in. Amazing day!
Why is everyone telling me it's too late.
hahaha! I had to go look that up, but it's great!
I heart cupcakes! Love!!!!!
that would be better at putting me to sleep.
Booksigning and Gallery Walk TODAY with grafitti artist Cynic: Thursday, July23 at 2:30 in the Galleries. Free and open to the public.
My day is berly ending.. -__- Damn what a day
Turning my phone off
ken_rosen - brand needs to be seen to help product, no matter how good product is..
Went to the park, got some icecream, bought a ninja, ate some sour candy. With my best fwend <3
cool. Can't wait to see what you're making! Which jersey did you get?
I LOVE PUSSY! DA CLEAN KIND!
We've changed our name! Famous Case!
Praying I get through this weekend without falling apart.
So cute!
Awesome, you going straight up the hill or finding an alternate / flatter route?
My income is considered poverty level according to the government.
holla at me fam ur niece in canada told me u lolkin for new talent hit me back I got u ima R&B singer songwriter lookin for work
Been hearing that there is a press conference at 2pm about getting Seattle a new arena. Hopefully they can bring back the Sonics.
Happy Saturday! If you are looking for lunch, we are open in our Cudahy location today and smiling faces are there ready to serve you!
Seems to be working fine for me. I could use an outlet, though! RT : #SMSS anyone else having internet issues?
i have to get pastry shoes if i wanna meet cody :(
Since we gulped down the mint iced tea in no time, we get to try another: iced tea brewed with fresh lemon verbena - faux Arnold Palmer!
I'll go ahead and assume that they know how you like your burrito at chipotle as well.
Great connecting with and today. Thanks boys!
Yes sir...
I rather cuddle than have sex o:)
Lmaoooo, imma remember that comment the next time I see you!
Well, I can't complain about the weather that's for sure! Im just working on creating my own web series to keep creative! You?
RT : RT : believe that 2 way value proposition alters relationship > customer is righter than ever
you met Sammy Miller?
RT good night solley's grille, comet cafe, palomino, turner hall + oak leaf bike trail, Milwaukee.
thanks for the follow, you've got some real passion in your tweets. Heroes - VIllains... it's all about interpretation isn't it?
People often ask me what I put in my hair when I wash and go. I go through a liter of Aussie moist conditioner in something like a month.
so you have three outcomes. which one do you think is most likely to happen?
I beg to differ.
Chico's 'Deal of the Day' for January 17: 40% off Travelers. Stop in for details or call 808.891.1647.
5/10/12 will know for sure where #Christie stands on #obamacare. I wonder what thinks abt this...
Great program on cnbc inside Facebook,
Get in a car. Jump a Train. Hop a bus! Do Whatever! Winter Festival of WONDERS in Bmore 2.10-12. $1 off w Fringe Button!...
I HAVE AN INTERVIEW AT SONIC TOMORROW! <3
Tan skin, salty kisses, sandy toes
I need handles and a 40 inch vert for Christmas
Contentment is realizing that God has already given me all I need.
Dear god, YES. I will cook the shit out of everything for y'all and booze you guys and house you and love you
. says replacing #CFB with club sports would remove many scholarships.
may I have a follow back even though I am certainly not worthy? :)
Sister. You see me with my earbuds in, watching Family Guy. Don't talk to me.
Badger fans in Madison here at our favorite bar, hoping for a big win...
Settling down with you isn't settling.
Everyone meet my at Rave 16 at 7pm tomorrow to see the movie #Avengers ! See yall there <3
Inning over Big Papi! You've just been Cooked!
I'm on that same type time.
Hahaha “: KD called OKC's four turnover performance doing "decent" in that department. Related: Kate Upton looks "decent."”
Exciting news! We just launched a special in Austin, LA, Seattle, Kingston, Halifax & Ottowa!
pretty cool and scary at the same time!
That one person that ALWAYS catches you doing something weird...
OH: quality time? Bite me, what do I want with that?
thank u
I think it was a fail on Dish Network's part. I'm just glad that the game is on now. I'm just pissed that it doesn't happen again
Wrestlemania weekend starts now my brothers!
How was your weekend? Did you see any amazing magic shows or campy giant reptile movies?
Hey i got my white Iphone4S its so cool :D
so boring
the Jets think that move sucks
It warms our geeky hearts to hear this, thanks :)
Not really. I don't see much of an ego. They know they have to work on live performances and they admit it.
Oh how I hate Finals week!!
Hey Matthew! Thanks for following!
What's your vote for weekend activities - see the shows at Arnold Sports Festival or Gallery Hop in the Short North Arts District?
thank you for the RT and hope to see you on Facebook!
The 2nd make-up class is almost here. Dec16th from 6-8! Get the day to night look you've been wanting. It's free ladies! Call and sign up!
Happy Monday! It's gonna be a great week! Who's stoked for our Red Solo Cup party this Saturday? I am!!!!!
lmfao true that
Ha. This is true, but PSU knows how to get down all year round. And not just during football season.
is a suprising actor in the ant farm what will happen next........... follow/retweet this post
is awesome. XD
1st panel of day @ #sxswi:Brand Journalism in the Real World #brandjour w/ :editor 4 twitter, contently, eloqua
This is my chance to get a nap!
pretty sure I have about 20 years of personal experience that girls are very stupid
When arianna wakes up and I'm really tired, I give her a bottle and go " this is all a dream " 😂
RT : Elena Thomas or anyone that knows her...If you're at #convio11, come by 4th floor registration to claim your prize.
Thinking about making my profile picture a picture of a cat. Kidding of course, can you imagine?
Testing testing...
Much prefer Jack Curry as on-field reporter than what's her face.
welcome to The Big Blue Nation Ryan!! Rodney, hope you're next!! A badass backcourt with you and Ryan..
The Great Muppet Caper is definitely the best #Muppet movie. Is it wrong to think Charles Grodin is cute in it?
says internal comms focused on msg develpmnt, training & leadershp endorsement to get employees focused on Quality
OMG, that's hilarious!! And also reminds me I haven't posted in a while.
I think everyone should follow me... Just because I asked nicely! Plz & thank u!
#truth RT Every day is a good day. It's purely our reaction to the events of the day that make it a bad one.
I Keep It G
haha, lots of words like that! Thanks!
The book is going to retail at around $25, and it's yours along with a subscription to our production journal @ the $25 level.
can I touch your face when I see you? Lmao
This weather makes me wanna...smoke a blunt outside, cuz it's nice out and we can get high!
The four core business values for Garda armored car company: Cash, logistics, technology, and.. Smart? What the fuck is smart?
Oh my lady, pack your bags, this place is not your home, nor was it ever.
Rammstein concert tonight!!!!!
At Urologist office. Still haven't seen him an hour later. Does he not know I declared today #BallDay ???
Criminals shoot out dozens of windows in at least six metro cities. How police caught suspects at 9.
That moment when I'm telling the truth, but then I smiled. Now, everyone thinks I'm lying.
I love how you don't think your fatt :p I see defending his mcnuggetsss
It's finally Friday! Any plans for the weekend?
i hope there is no link. That way I don't have to continuously click on it lol.
Man in his current state, has fled from internal divinity into an external reality industrialized by common themes.
I love how half my twitter feed is #superbowl and the other half is #DowntonAbbey live tweets. Wacky.
GM twitter it feels go to be ur boss in the book industry I feel everyone has a story to tell so put it on paper
I hope got home safely?? lol
Shopping with and Christine <333
yeah. Sounds good.
LOVE THIS: Lonnie Bunch: #culturalmuseums don’t need to try to become community centers, rather centers of their community.
Her booty, i grab it. Her titties, i grip it.
So excited to hangout with
Ehh, as long as is okay.
You're welcome! more special for me is helping fulfill a dream to a sister always Rusher would do this and much more!!♥ C:
Awesome! Same here. I hope we both get to meet each other there. #SanFran is calling!
Johnny Cash & The Beatles play on every Pandora station.
The six day Chick-fil-A WinShape Ride for the Family comes to an end THIS Friday, October 14, 2011 at 11. Come out and show your support!
i have a iphone5 :)))
madrid about to clinch the la liga title!!
Let's do it!
The "super early" registration rates end this Friday (18th)...you'll save $100 if you sign up now. What are you waiting for?
im going on record saying that i back and his nnamdi tweets
So proud of for pulling off another incredible Muse. #Muse2012. Collapsing now:)
Setting up at MOTR!
What!? Why?
I want to see Weaver master the hidi hidi hidi hoo song
The Mariners=children RT : Wedge on his relievers on the catwalk at the Trop: As long as they are not hanging over the side...
Yea he's cool, no Martin short tho. I missed it 2 n View was bummer RT : Kelly has Daniel Dae Kim today! I love him.
Way to go Monty nice goal. Due time... Due time.
hahaha RT : "When it comes to Norman Mineta, you SHOULD follow the Norm." Haha.
So regarding this 5D Mark 2 are you referring to the Canon photography camera?
my iq.
Why stoop to her level? We're so much better than that.
is it a year today that Macho Man died?
Don't think I've ever seen Jon Davis do a Moonsault.
Good luck next year!!
Great choice!!
Oh i didnt know fool..lol..ill call you sometime today.
Let's start the takeover!! Start trending on Twitter...
you can take that as an insult, (I would) or maybe go book a "healthy, happy young mom type" commercial $$$$$$ muahahaha
haha it wasn't to hot :) and that sucks!
Pretty much tired today, just relaxing at home. Gonna work on my book and blog 4 a bit,g rab a cheese pizza a little later. Met this nice
it better be a new re-visioning of C.H.U.D.
yea I kno shit hurts too, lol Courtney came with me too, I was chilling @ Jcp earlier today, its then changed for real
Hopefully! Our bread factory needs to be going at full capacity by then. Crunch time!
don't worry D.R. all celebrities go threw these fake rumors. it will all blow over. you just have to put your faith in god.
Got my mommy The Lion King&Forrest Gump for Mother's Day/her birthday c:
Sry of I keep saying who birthday it is over and over again I'm just hyper now and wide awake ok I'm gonna try to go to sleep
For some reason, I woke up this morning with Ace of Base stuck in my head. Now I'm contemplating why life is demanding without understanding
Happy New Year!!!!
#Trump is probably making #SashaBaronCohen 's sides split w/ laughter w/ his venomous diatribe about #Dictator #redcarpet incident. ROTFLMAO
That shit made me actually laugh. RT : you better have not used any water. And just let that mother fucker burn
"I thank my car that I didn't get into accidents"
: of course she will, sweet cheeks!!! We all miss each other!
is going to the gym for the first time in months tomorrow!
New study finds: staying out of the sun and using sunscreen is not a guarantee against Melanoma. How to protect yourself, next
“: Techno music in the kitchen...nobody wants to hear that shit during prep... #kitchenpetpeeves” ?
where u applied at?
Take your time. Finding the right relationship takes both time and patience.
Terrell Suggs graduated from Ball So Hard University and now goes to Ball Too Hard University.
been singing the same song in my head all day long!! and every other time it rains on Sunday.
In a bit of a funky mood....
I've found myself writing a lot of natural health and beauty articles. Guess I like them!
My mom left the world 9 yrs ago ... among things I'd tell her today ... "yes, mom ... Kurt Busch has a little brother & he's a bigger ...."
We actually have seen people put cars on their #NoBadGift wishlists before.
then ask him
sounds like you had a good one last night? Haha
Cure for Yeast Infection System. This system
thanks for the RT! Happy Building Safety Month to you!
I'm watching it just for you guys, aha.
this link isn't working now
“ I want sum ice cream.”
thank you! I sure think she is! :)
i can't wait to graduate.
i really gotta get these scarlett johansson nudes off my phone
We love our QB! and of course you Torrey ;)
#DPortNinjas going on tour in 2014
wth he need to carry a million with him for lol. Floyd just be shittin on everybody
shhh it's a secret
bro my phone hasnt working since January 17th lol..ima hit u tho my new phone is outta mins. you need international calling..
Is that one of your pick up lines
Insanity for 60 days then p90x for 90 days. The result of that should be me 60 to 80 lbs lighter in the best shape of my life.
These tweets are making us hungry! RT Visit, taste some of our really tasty evoos, balsamic vinegars. We have over 50 infusions!
Rage clean
We still have some excellent deals on balance bikes at www.balancebikeshop.com.
10% off all Bee Mine Products in stock and 20% off all other products in stock.
now that's soo rude.. Who would do that to your family? :( probably a hater.
Damn. I kinda want you.
I <3 my sister ! -- Follow her. She follows back.
Of course I will muppet ps I expect two LOWER case kisses for that horrible thing on the end of the last tweet x
Still no ETA on when the service disruptions in Kew Gardens? It's been almost a week and internet/cable is coming on and off.
you very much
sad I didn't know about this since I live in PG
Not yet!
I am passionate about sprinting
guess who called this morning...imani!! i promised them a visit from us :)
Thanks for the shout-out, Susan.
Family guy
Hope you enjoyed it bro. RT : My bday over in less than 30 !!!!!!
"lions avoid the run like Mel Gibson avoids O'Doul's" - Nice Work.
such a great night out! thank you
Cloudy with showers and thunderstorms possible this afternoon. Highs close to 80. Sunday through end of next week looks great!
is a fucking spectacular band and that'd be pretty great if you listened to their music and #follow them ;)
she say im pregnant he say is it a boy or your getting a abortion smh
Let us know when you're in town. We'll get together for supper or something.
Let's play eat as many edibles as humanly possible! Rdy, set...... GO!!!
FYI, Clearwater, Kansas. 1/4 to 1/2-mile wide tornado approaching the city.
The awkward moment when you fail at being mad at someone because they make you laugh.
He fine af
Why did it take me 3.5 hours NOT book a #Eurostar Paris-Cambridge trip yesterday?
watchin "Hurricane Season" diss movie make me sad :/
Things Qwop Apart
Just saw #TheAvengers best #Marvel movie yet!!!!
Good times Good music Good memories
Hate WashPost slideshows too. 96% of the time, ad before doesn't play, which means no slideshow.
Hey (: How are you?
followed you!(:
Congrats to on his first (of many) WHL goal. League newbie has eight points in first month-plus
Nothin beats a failure but a try
At the denist for a crown
This session on librarian-faculty collaboration is blowing my mind!
this is a guy to follow... Interesting filmmaker! Todd Hicks WTMJ 4 Milwaukee.
that is terrible news. Spent many falls/summers working at Moundville. His work was instrumental in understanding the site.
no doubt!
on the same level as "Cake or Death," huh?
sweet! do you have anything posted? =))
Pretty girls who get who ever they want>>>>>>>>me :(
Okay, serious question: how old is Jose Contreras? Guess...no looking at baseball reference either, even though it's probably inaccurate.
what's that? You find twitter annoying, lol?
It aint true love until yall smoke a blunt together
Need a NBA playoff party fix soon!
SIRI DOES NOT WORK LIKE ON THE COMMERCIAL
Bye twitter! But if you need anything, tweet me because im on that account more often! Bye (:
for the mau maus to communicate to the large white population, they need 1/16 to help connect to them.
Wow... Reminds me of Troy smith vs penn state
A lot of people who've amassed great wealth haven't had that as their target at all. Wealth is only a by-product, not the motivation.
no word on the MVP shoe yet
Tomatoes warm from the garden, basil right off the plant, fresh eggs and butter=breakfast. Eat your view.
u can get them at the door too!
Jamming some new tunes
oh that's freakin brilliant! you should have taken a pic!
Follow Back ?
I'm on a self-imposed vacation. Going to DC to meet up with old friends tomorrow.
#metquestions Can I keep that dress after your done wearing it? ;)
And now for the final class of the week!
Nothing like cleaning to the sound of Couldn't get any better!
Next week works for me!!
Flipboard. It was the first app I tried that made me like my pad.
Very impressed RT ": Folks, Special prosecutor Angela Corey is no joke. She's not rattled at all by nedia #trayvon martin"
iight i got you in the am. Im about to knock out lol
I was born in 1986 and that's exactly how many twitter followers I currently have
Selling back books is such a beautiful thing.
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity. – Peter F. Drucker
and I are trying to get down there before she starts grad schoolin' it.
Love you 😍
No thank you! Look forward 2 getting more acquainted...don't hesitate!!!
If you could fly or breathe under water what would you prefer?
hello what's up cali
was I suppose to be tagged into this? :p
And u been watching RT : This nigga been sittin in front of the t.v. all day playin #2k , shame !
58degees in California. Say word!
ABSOLUTely Sister. Love you!
It's snowing quite heavily, almost a whiteout, I'm kind of glad winter finally showed up.
your bio is a tad more specific than your brothers check it out.
Rockies catcher Chris Iannetta coming up next hour! Until then your phone calls, 303-297-1510. Mile High Sports, AM 1510
Soft foods like tomatoes and breads...
Can't sleep.
I may be just one person, who none of you have ever met. You may not care but I lost respect for a lot of you. I would be embarassed myself.
as it should be
What up homie! Still working on tracks?!?!
Dance time! <3
Thanks for the Trig pile up worksheet! Looks fun!
New location lol(;
=P i wish haha
This is the 3rd time at UK that 3 players have scored their 1,000th career point in the same season (1983-1984 and 1991-1992 are the others)
Thanks for connecting people with us #FF PeggyNoland
you are the best. Miss ya dearly
What? o:
Doesn't mean I'm not open to it being brought to my attention. PS.
wow alright then lol
okay great goo night.
Down at University Blvd at a post game block party. Go Cats!
Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. Dwight D. Eisenhower
A word of the wise: do not make someone laugh while they are brushing their teeth. They will cover you in toothpaste snow.
super busy today slowly following a sunspot on the floor.
beautiful and true words.
because he is the most exciting athletes and sports
You know what that means 😉😏
Whatever your goals are, aim beyond them
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. ~ Wayne Dyer ~
The guys in my school care freak out about shoes more than the girls do
It is NOT Ariana Joan Grande. I don't know who you're talking about. It's Ariana Grande-Butera.
Thanks Christian, hope all is well. We are following back.
lol I know huh
Omg his dogs name is batman
yup just about to pass st.Louis
well maybe not because everyone I've asked said they didn't see my name.
Watching BBC report than Spaniards pulled €1bn out of Bankia in the last week. The likelihood of Greece still being in the € next month? Nil
Looking forward to tomorrow's wine tasting at BullFish
It's never too late to begin branding
If anyone is at all interested in contributing to our show, please let us know! Email:
☺Read study and learn about everything important in your life
I can't stand this!!!!! I need to get out of this place!! I swear I'm going to die
SS excited for Million Dollar Listing: LA to be back on!!:)
Stick around.
I'm so excited. My wife is going to be home for the next week and a lot closer for the entire summer!!!
Tom Brady looks rattled.
Agents 4 motivating factors abbreviated MICE - Muscle, Intensity, Charisma, Endurance!
Today is going to be beautiful - I've got Irish blood so you know what that means...plus #sxsw fun tonight!
If I could go back & do it all over again...
Temple Run is on the Android Market now. :)
put me in my place w/ blond stereotypes. She continues to crush celebrity poker tourney. Sorry Angel!
I was listening. Outstanding performance. RT : Tune-in tonight at 7:30p to hear 's mesmerizing in-studio session!
I stopped complaining about my tattered shoes ever since I met the guy with no feet.
well that will explain the pick
We're in the library!
Was a good run while it lasted. (sigh)
is back in Georgia!
Stopping by in Amsterdam by any chance? Proud of you, senor writer! Maybe Europe is your new market!
packing ... leaving oahu and moving to maui
Mad at and for getting my hopes up I would see them and then them not come after all..shame on you two
Thanks for the RT/shout out! :)
Continually grateful for having to take those stupid typing classes in high school.
one of the only reasons i get on here is to stalk , yeah i know im weird but i love those 3 men
am sure someone is out there trying to license Elvis, Jimi, michael, Amy etc as we speak....
Like a G6
captain price (me) gets called for missions everyday so i have to finish all my work here before i go to the mission
Buttermilk-Blue Cheese Dip Recipe from Bon Appétit
Ford Recalls 280000 Pickups
To provide a running experience for all individuals who want to participate regardless of their abilities.
daily #homeschool tip: autie,add etc kids are kinetic learners. if they r moving they r #learning. if made to sit they learn only how to sit
#ImThatPerson who might forgive you... but never forget what you did.
Good luck with the home tour this weekend! We're sure you have so great stuff to show off!
I just heard my mom telling one of her friends the modern day meaning of "cougar". I couldn't help but laugh!
AW SHIET. ;D
Thanks for the follow Vinyl Judgement is looking forward to your tweets.
any plans to add more cars in East Boston?
Girls have so much obsession
well then thank you j.o.n 😏👍
That's a terrific photo Nica, but I can't figure out what those are, deer, antelopes or something else. Fun trip eh :-)
Yeayuh Red Sox! Way to win that NY Series!
u having that fight this weekend?
This is the inner beauty of sports and competition, and it can serve us all well as adult athletes
HAHA dish washing at the restaurant on friday #gross can my own dad fire me? lmao
Deep purple bangles and cuff coming up soon.
and yesterday THREE 34 buses driving together. what's the point? where's the accountability?
Agreed, I live a few blocks from there, love to snag them now and again.
You may find the worst enemy or best friend in yourself. English Proverb
Jeff van Grundy and mike Breen announcing/announced both the miami and warriors game today.
I like those colors too !
If you love your then RT this to get country groups to perform for our troops at Fort Hood #Texas. Follow
Yay Central Ohio! Central Ohio Music Scene
this is simialer just with more weights like p90x is a lot of pushups and jumping around lol this one uses a stability ball.
Reaching for the stars taking everyone with us!
watch your back whitty.
My tweet count is at 666... Had to change it
' An the thing I hate the most is him only saying shit wen he mad . . . .
Demi's next stop on her tour: Rio!
It's going to be hard to find people tonight
“: Just seen a dude rockin yoga pants and uggs-__-” hahah me and saw him too!!
Being lactose intolerant sucks!!..especially since I still eat dairy 😖
I've got plenty to say!
Nice!! RT : It's official -- #1WTC is the tallest building in New York. Did you watch that with me? Awaiting live newser.
Sad day.......lost my Dad.. Love and u will b in my heart 4 ever
which school was it that had their own version of kickstarter?
First parts admitting, second parts commiting, third parts living.......
well. Ok
Damn anotha broken heart
I most definitely am!!!
“: Immaculate Misconception cover tonight.” dual cover? :3
LOL! RT : Now where was this when I was in 5th grade and failing?
Try these #acupressure pts before sleep. Rub right above your inner eyebrow and on either side of your nostrils. Stimulate & rejuvenate skin
Who tryna match
just told me she forgot that she had a twitter! what the heck is wrong with her hahaha
Bummed I can't make next week's presentation w/ and in #NYC!
Beautiful Monday morning , shouldn't fall always be like this?
RT You might as well substitute "not seeing vaginas" for "call of duty" when you say "i'm really good at call of duty"
Tiesto and Deadmou5 at Studio Paris! just happy to be part of it all!
In order to succeed, you must first be willing to fail. ~ Author Unknown
Your golf clubs miss you! Take them on a vacation to remember. Golf packages at unbeatable prices. Everything you need. www.FreeXpedia.com
Make sure your bags don't have any straps or hooks sticking out that could get caught on something and damage your bag.
thanks kell!😊😊❤ love u too😘
#tedxuchicago I am looking for geography, sociology, anthropology students to collaborate w/ my classes on a neighborhood project next year
Let's Go Showtime!!!
sad to see the Packers lose even though i am not really a fan I was rooting for them.
can't wait for this weekend and SO glad all the festivities are at Bird's!
Happy birthday!
I love you<3
I just want everything to be ok.
"Hope is tomorrow's veneer over today's disappointment." Evan Esar, quoted in the New Brunswick Daily Gleaner
tomorrow mother day bt my old g been trippin on a nigga over the most little things smh
And now you alter my plans for my day off of work thx alot
Wow RT : I only hope I see few shots in Cotto/Mayweather as good as the straight right I saw in a 16U game today.
It's always a little sad taking vegetarian friends to food events where they can only eat the sides. Good on ya.
Skypencil's Dream
Yea..U dnt learn untill u see for ur self.
That's just a pure Mona Lisa...
Your the #ONLYONE I'd really want a realasionship right now<3
hello avril how are u?
Indeed you're right- correction noted. Thanks!
Q1: What famous country music singer owned a home along the Pithlachascotee River from 1979 until 2002?
In dreams and in love there are no impossibilities
is gonna eat rock n' roll noodles and watch Medium :-)
because John Thompson Sr no longer pawns his players to him.
Last day at #WON12. Excited to hear Phily Mayor Michael Nutter speak!
Today is the 6-yr anniversary of & my 6-yr anniversary being with the company. Our future looks brighter than ever. Great ride!
#win RT : nope. I'm in town for a friend's bday party. I will be sporting my earrings though.
Lebron got engaged? At least his wife will get a ring.
I missed the bus -_-
Feel very caught between the worlds of data visualization and designing products for consumers. In love with both.
RT : provides good eg of best practice from disciplinary societies in supporting researchers
37 downloads you shouldn't miss this week
I live in Orlando. What are you specifically looking for help with? I'd love to chat if it's within my area of knowledge. :)
I've got a 7:00 am flight Sun am and would love to share a cab. meet in the lobby? what time?
there is always tonite !!! First Friday food truck event!!! You can get a spud And a slice o pie..old national center
Thanks for the follow. Finally, a 100th follower that I don't have to block for porn spam!
Sushi #Friday date night cooking class with Phillip!
#smalltownusa lunch tweet. Easter is taking over my store. Aghhhhh
Double it. Add six. Half it. Take away the number you started with. Your answer is three. Mind=Blown
your photos in are stunning.
Great, thanks! Glad the parking laws are relaxed.
YOU LOVE YOUR ITALIAN FOOD!
I am ashamed and hurt to see that coming from someone I've known my whole life.
“: As a joke, I would love to stand in line at ATM machines, and when people put in their PIN, I yell “Got it!” and then run away. #TD”
good morning! producing a hot track rite now
are we sure the injury wasn't caused by Rafael Soriano hitting the ACL with a steel chair?
I took a walk by a clock, so I passed the time
Thank You :) <3
first drink of the day?!?!?!
WE´RE JUST TWO LOST SOULS SWIMMING IN A FISH BOWL! YEAR AFTER YEAR. Wish You Were Here ♥
What type of things would you suggest in a song that i'm writing?I'm naming it,"Life with you".Its for a special girl I know.
And the vendor bitching begins.
It's Friday tomorrow, so , THERE'S VIDEOS HUH? :D
Imma fa real eat nothing but fruits and vegetables for a week.
haha, In San Francisco, u can't even be in an efficiency w/ $50K/yr
awesome as hell
One Direction -
I got my White glasses on and I'm feeling like a tool right now...yea.
I know you already selected a winner. I think he's saying don't worry y'all I won't hit the jet dryer truck!!!
60 to 0 in a matter of minutes.
this is my last tweet for the night see ya guys i luv u
My worst DC fear came true today...going to the wrong airport. Let's hope that's the last time.
Noting better than a lazy Sunday
#3WordsForYou play in traffic
The amount of chocolate and peanut butter I've already consumed this week is borderline inappropriate.
FEWER! Do Fat Candidates Get Less Votes?
“: Z-bound > Z Cavaricci” Bravo,Tony! My favorite tweet of the night!
Thanks for sharing.
You are awesum Erin. RT : I do what I can
also shouldn't it be faster? especially for the price premium. :-)
Raspberry fans, we've got your flavor! Doesn't chocolate cheesecake with raspberry sound good? M...yummy!
The #reds have this in the bag unless Bill Hall somehow parachutes in.
nope now I do tho :) lol
Dear potential furniture buyer from Craigslist, being an hour late is not cool. I had plans today, jerk!
Same here :P ha
God Morning Twitter!
Be ready for Spring storms with a battery-operated backup sump pump system!!!
Oh man, what happened?
a fan no matter where..if true, blessings in NY, brother!!
My first #ff my friend love her blog about life, family and jumping with your fingers crossed
RT : The Meet is on Sunday, April 15! A "social media" event that costs only a smile! Come!
someone got their smart phone! Nice avi!
you're impossible to find.
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." Wishing everybody a fun safe New Years!!
Rain rain go away!!
I'm totally next door..lol
I am strong in Christ. In prayer my mind is open to ideas that are strong and true I feel an inflow of strength.
eek! scary suprise. i like my greek yogurt with honey.
Hot date with my sicky self tonight.
you're so cuuuutttteeeeeee.
Rephrase on the celebrities needed for casino night...the event is Jan. 23rd. www.midatlanticvolleyball.com.
i went from 294 2 301 and u guys r ALL awesome for gaining for me
Black Friday is the day that launches the christmas shopping extravaganzza.
"What are you listening to?" "The Psychedelic Furs." "Who?"
I wish frost killed crows like it does insects.
The Expendables 2 Releases Awesome Posters - WebProNews
I'm done with this half-cold that's been hanging about... you're either in or you're out...either way, let's just be DONE.
I think I'm in love with this new girl who's lives across from me :( why must I fall in love so fast
I love tryin to bake shit and follow recipes and stuff. But I don't have money to do it anymore :(
I wanted to ask is your podcast on iTunes? :-)
Setting arms today (most important part for it to hang right) I can have the next two days for wiring video cam & laser sight :)
A spark of confidence changes a moment. A spark of love brings out the moment.
Student requests: More of 's Babymouse, Haddix series, & books about origami. I can do that!
Oh. May 22 is a good birthday. I wouldve never been drafted during the vietnam war...(; Joining anyways
Ehhh, I'll do it tomorrow
Glad to know is a member of #SigmaNu fraternity! Well done, my Greek brother, from a #DeltaZeta fan!
Perseverance... keeps honor bright: to have done, is to hang quite out of fashion, like a rusty nail in monumental mockery.
Just Because We Share Blood Doesnt Make Us Family...
I only charge $15 for a lease . Plus a 3 for 2 deal .
ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE
No problem!
Thanks to everyone who supported Lovesick Clothing during #onething11 we appreciate the continued support.
You're a graphic designer, too? When I'm not writing shirts for Jomadado, I am a freelance graphic designer. Free shirt if you want
Our convo's >>
Are any non-EU citizens out there #TEFLteachinginWestern Europe? Tell us how you're doing it and what it's like, please!
Look for me in the opening montage of "The Sing Off" premiering September 18th at 8pm on NBC!
welp. i failed that test. #ohwell :/
": Oh, your engaged at 16? I'm sure you will have a long and happy marriage." did I show u this already? Lol I forgot
Is PR your major? My school doesn't offer that.
hm....is that all?
I believe I may have found your debit card. Tweet back if you are missing one.
here Go Three O clock
idk lol. They get an attitude whenever i bring it up
#brewers bullpen has to be gassed.
that's what I thought
Oomf = one of my followers. Wtf are you talking about.
No matter the case, always on the outside.
Thanks to and for donating items for our #100bowls auction in May!
So although I was in mad traffic this morning, im definitely glad I didnt get caught in this hale! :-\
he's expecting her to act a fool, walk away, Tracey Edmonds got her own money
Old ppl shouldn't have e-mail -____- they click on the most stupid links
At a restaurant? I have mixed feelings on that.
This might not be news to some, but . . . Seau is the eighth Charger to die from franchise's 1994 Super Bowl team. All under the age of 45.
welcome. awaiting tweet
Until then I'll sing my song
love ya and mars too ...
The future big data role for fed libraries? Big data sets with analytical tools. Young
True, but I bet Gomez heard "you aren't good enough for my team," even if that isn't what PV said or meant.
I miss you guys!
I wanna meet u so bad I love u Charlie ur the shit can I please meet u tomorrow I'm ur biggest fan!!!
I mean, only reason to have physical loc code in e-journal record is if you have print/e- on 1 bib. And I spent days splitting those up!
Q3 Book displays on computer screensavers
U can transform the ambiance of ur home. 4 inspiration, fill the air w/ a fragrance that reflects your personal taste
Lisa and Johnny Radio Show TONIGHT! We missed you guys! Chat, Call in and listen!! 8:30pm PST Killola.com/radio
I trust him with my life... Any pitcher for the Tigers is a winner in my book
i follow can u put me into the contest thanks
So what's your "Cheer up" plan?? Make my day, come on!! you know you wanna.... ;)
thanks for the follow!
he averaged less than 4 ppg for his career and 12 mpg at UofL? Who by your standard isn't a "star"?
love you too! Miss you!
"look through my glass, open yourself to me, captured by my silver soldiers"-
Bored bored bored layn n bed
TSOI-NJ got his mits on LCD System tix for Monday.
I really miss you :'(
mama, remember me? :D hehe<3
yes. Thank you so much. You're an amazing person
oh a week of #vacation is coming! back home to Tennessee! then more gummy focus, work has been kicking my ass. :-)
gotcha some dresses up east Texas in ft worth.
Most wrestlers are! RT haha so far these 'wrestlers' sound more like comic book characters than pro wrestlers.
"I'm not going to lie to you, I've been listening to a lot of Sleater-Kinney lately."
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking to network with other actors. And find a mentor in the business. FB get rich or die trying
When the person you are texting falls asleep <<<
It's day 2 of #NYintern Project Semi-finalist Interviews. Entrants will interview with and
would certainly improve court stories on TV by a zillion levels
I get up early to try to get a ticket or 2 for the homerun derby, and of course my luck they were gone by the time I got to the order screen
Theodore Herman Albert Dreiser~ Religion is a bandage that man has invented to protect a soul made bloody by circumstance.
you rock!!!! thanks for all you do!!! let's get the stars to drop by. :)
That story on the little fan at getting visit from 2 players-coming up after
but it's the only way to see myself in the mirror with my eyes closed.
I think Newt is just going to sit there and fester all night long.
&& I am never really alone, I just always feel alone
call me!!
The saddest thing in alpha dog is Frankie was the only one who Could of helped the kid and he didn't .. That pisses me off
Sometimes I get really confused when Im the only one home... I thought I was the popular one?
Cars are made by factories, and eggs are made by hens. Rain is made by clouds, and kung pao is made by Chens. Order some in tonight at...
Damn tonight is dragging
Ok that is awesome!!
Thanks for the follow, Steven.
Frank Isola of NYDN with the lede of the week on Knicks and Amar'e: It wasn’t just the Heat, it was the stupidity.
I think you hit the nail on the head there, my friend!
Saw a moth on d floor,had an injured wing,was determined2 keep moving his wings so he could propel himself & fly again. #Inspired,DontGiveUp
Walks the bases loaded. You stink Ubaldo.
I probably didn't center the picture, but the black box is from coloring in the dark grey areas in MS paint. No photoshop.
Ya Boy M double O B- Day 4/22 Pourin Up Showin Up & Showin Out
#mhsm supporting suicide prevention
When did 'Outer Space' just become 'Space'?
oh ya go micky mouse
Futures are down right now.
love this pic. Makes me laugh. It's looks we're getting ready for a lineup.
Sounds like some INTENSE HAIL outside. Hope it's not too painful and our house doesn't sustain further damage!
I wish we'd chatted more too but lovely to find u here all the same. Hope u took a scone for the road.
is one of the best writers I have read in the DR space. Very well organized and articulate.
thats great .. love it
If you want the rainbow, you've got to put up with the rain.-- Dolly Parton
I beez in the trap.
Kennedy at AU in '08 for Obama it ain't.
I want to hear everything about your parisian life please!
Love the Love/Hate, but did it get cut off? No hate in the NL West other than Latos?
I think Nashville would be fun
Boots. Not much better than military issue spike proof black and green. I could walk through a scorpions nest no problem.
I would like to exchange follows/support. There is a free promotion site for more followers on my site. FREE!
how do i do shoutouts?:o like what do i say?:0 sorry im stupid:o
Just not gonna do anything
have fun and as grandpa would always say to us-don't lose the tickets!
Great article in this months on keep up the great work Matt!
I have had my full email on websites for years and don't receive any noticeable spam. Ok, do your worst :)
Thanks for the tweets!
Miguel's Art Dealer Chic mixtapes are on point.
Better real than plastic
Nice job Sam. RT Congrats to for being selected as one of the Downtown Council of Kansas City's 2011 Urban Heroes!
Pop an Addy now or later?
And I HOPE they don't think I wrote a salutatorian address, cos they definitely didn't tell me nothing.
True Minnesotian, but being a beach gal, (although I can take it) anything below 40 is glacial. Ha!
I'm out and about. Haven't had time to watch any playoff basketball today. Heard about D. Rose though.
and of course wickedly worse tasting
Jingles for Truvia are like nails on a chalkboard to me. Yuck.
i want to watch a really good movie, but idk what to watch .
She can prly swing a batt better then me :/ lol
Yes! Agree! And whole table was trying to swap out their "normal" matzo for mine at our Seder last night!
ugh ii never stand yu up.
Helping out grad students is awesome! Follow then share what YOU think is awesome.
Again thank you for the entries. We are allowing late submissions into the contest until the 23rd!
RT : Q1 via Do you usually go with package tours? Why or why not?
Long live the drama llama
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much. Oscar Wilde
Asked Sandals what Q she was stuck on...said she was just checking it over...too bad..was gonna give freebie...bad move sandals, bad move
what was the context
each highschools amount of students determines the size of the school and small schools like I went to were jus small proms
Except we actually have fans. Phoenix has the worst fans in the NHL, and that's an actual fact.
what's up dude
Dancing Wasabi: late night sushi for half price.
To me, the gut-level "why WOULD we do that?" is similar, as well as the usual "well, it's always been this way" rejoinder.
What is going on #superbowl #XLV #CAMERA MAN DOWN !
Le Bryan Nash is playing like its an AAU game.
me too. Im leaving as soon as ive worked 6 hours. I am tired and want my bed.
BoA: Too big to fail. Must shed 30K emps; must be too big to succeed. What's left? Maybe they will turn into a pumpkin!
lololololol. Thanks I did. Bout to get on Tha second wun :-/ here we go, btw good luck on the mcats!!!
When you play a game and only one other player on the team scores more than 5 pts. That ass is in trouble
I'm not angry I'm just saaayyyyiiing, sometimes goodbye is a second chance #NP 👋🎶
i would actually love that <3 I beleive i am available Wedensday. Would that work?
