Done and done. Changing the world one iPhone at a time!
we wish you were here in Baltimore as well. Shall we send the BmoreJS G6 to come pick you up?
I miss when Austin did Ustreams. That was the only thing that would get me through the day. I would look forward to it all day at school.
Heading to the U with #GoGophers!
Thursday night time to quench that thirst. #yes to the weekend!
lmfao that's great that's great omg i love itt hahaha! and what did mr. bonehead corey do!
RT : STICKER LAB SNEAK PEEK! Want your brand humanized? Use robots. Behold Project Bionic and 250 digital die-cut......
Big welcome to our President ! Thanks for the follow! :)
RT : It's on! The Pop-Up Shop We're here along with
You know, i sat there switching it between I and E and couldnt figure it out lol <-Kelsey xoxo>
Got 2 henna / some other wierd named tattoos! Gotta love the fair
I'm great, just working and keeping busy! How are you? How's LA?
Just counting down the days til California
New Shows for Feb 22nd and 23rd are booked with our friends, "Onward, Soldiers", who are on tour from NC. Hope to see ya at the venue!
Sick show in San Diego! Thanks to everyone who came out! Tucson, AZ get ready for Attaloss tomorrow!!
ok master!
Midnight showing of Harry Potter Deathly Hallows .. So excited .. Wearing my griffindor house scarf too ... Woo
:)) RT : Shoutout to my new follower
LOL is that even a real name? who cares! I LOVE IT! lol
Guess what I wear as a hat? A lentil!
Terrific Tuesday art world. Hope you're creating a masterpiece.
The much needed rain has put us in a holding pattern. No repairs scheduled for today. We will schedule repairs for later in the week.
Sterile, neutral, art fair art...though still some great things here and there.
I believe that dreams can come true.....Oh..."How I Miss You".
Had great morning spending time with our friends at Evanced as well as meeting lots of new people in our booth
shit I got a new texting number but you can message me on Twitter
Thinking about road tripping to #Kentucky this weekend...hm is a 19 hour drive worth it?
To catch a fish one must drink like a fish.
love to meet up. We have 3 matches (May 5, 20 & 26). Make it happen! is even better live!
I believe she cares about the tourists that were endangered on St. Patrick's day. Does that count?
*Asian Someone's a dummy \^_^/
Good Morning twitterverse!
Where's the entry-level jobs at people? My generation needs investing in too!
Wow ok just ok so you think you have it all but you don't because you don't have me (; haha that sounded mean and also nice I think
ATTN All NFL teams: I am available to meet with teams today and tomorrow. Please contact my agent
Clapping in an airport bar. And the one loud drunk guy
2 commercial auditions today (yay)! Had to find a place to change clothes...1st time ever to change in Pavilion's Grocery Store bathroom! :)
Goin hard on whoeva and da champs who we be...envy me envy me
Broken Bells is awesome.
"BIG ANNOUNCEMENT" - YEAH. Not like i'm a few thousand miles away...so...sorry...but...NOT BIG AT ALL.
Let them get hype is still early
STOP SLAPPING YOUR FUCKING FLIP FLOPS ON THE GROUND REPETITIVELY OR I WILL KNIFE YOU IN THE FACE REPETITIVELY.
NEW COUCH COMING TONIGHT IRRATIONALLY EXCITED
are you gonna be in this weekend bro
fine ill deal with the miles but I still can't make it in time. :/
If the CIA comes after me, it is probably because of my google search history.
The few the proud
On way to #RIS11...Facebook here we come!
CHRISTINA, STOP TRYING TO GET PITY VOTES OK
wow thats exciting. nice to see others doing their part in making this world more beautiful for others. Pass me your link 4 it
that doesn't surprise you, does it?
morning run 👍🏃
Lol ! Weren't you supposed to be in school?
Love what you're doing with
it was a good game!! but we all kno who won.again. lmao and ur rite i will enjoy lls
"Please don't use that type of language please!"
At the studios meeting Burbank CA,
I got 2 final classes during the summer then hopefully politics
You're welcome!!:D Hopefully time goes quickly:) Haha!
Thanks to everyone who came out for ART!! We are gearing up for our next show, "Rumors" in May! See you then!
I raise my glass and salute your efforts!
hey babe
Why oh why does Orland Park have worse traffic than the city?
Fosters Australian for #beer, good looking dad . If MKG doesnt get you #hyped idk What will
hello big sista
Single loads the bases with one out for Bluff. Press box expert wanted runner to come around, but single was hit too shallow.
LoCote St Records better ask somebody!!!!
it is akkas :-)
gotta a link for me? I'd love to learn more!
rights&that single malt is actually discussed by Cornyn in Nov'11-he says that US cant afford the SS cost of gay couples
What do you think helps you connect best with people during promos? Your eyes or your smile?
Only 1 Easter hat at sunrise service. It's hot pink! #easter. Maybe more at next stop.
Sorry, but I disagree! is. RT : London Metro: Lee Valley 2012 Olympic canoe course is world's best, says GB team chief…
Austin's performing his first real concert in Houston soon! AH! SO PROUD OF HIM! <3
my frieND WANTS TO SELL ME HIS TOEWS JERSEY BRB
NGO points out construction flaws in Games Village flats
#AtABlackChurch Communion is red drink.
Redid my blog for #mdst3703, and took 's advice and custom hosted it.
If you could do anything with your day, what would it be? (keep it clean :))
You think ever? I'm not so sure. Nobody wants that contract and they don't have an amnesty.
yeah only because I resisted it for so long then gave in.
Finished a beloved cover... Working on a stars cover
Everyone enjoying the streaming live show?
Merry Christmas from your friends at Meitrack.
easter leftovers = technicolor egg salad. also sirnaya pascha, but that's the color it's supposed to be.
I wonder do anybody still be on Facebook
k was planning on coming down tomorrow anyway so that works out fine... I'll hit ya up skidz
Yo New York city this summer cant wait
Lovin' the Target commercial with teen rendition of #adele "rollin in the deep" along w/ bus ridin' backup singers synchronized seat dance
that wats up i hope they win it will be a big one if they do
Eric christen: PLAs discriminate and rip-off taxpayers.
followed, follow back ? ;)
Pill swallowing training at the Michalisko home... "No Ben you will not choke to death taking this pill... I PROMISE." But if u do I g ...
Break in the foyer (by the registration table) at 12:15. Enjoy a bite, see old friends, meet someone new. Welcome to CNI!
First parking ticket...
haha I know bro I got that cheddar for you.
He be pullin them hoes tho RT : Craig Sager's suit game <
we'll do something else next time :p
Loooooool u mean
its a songg loll sorry gurlly
So, Battlefield 3 looks pretty epic, but what about CoD: MW3 ?? Seems like a war is about to break between which game is better.
Congrats! Do a whole year if you can! :) RT : I can FINALLY study abroad in PARIS. Semester or whole year !!!!!
please start tweeting witty one liners and random observations about your life. Please?
Super stoked to spend some time with founder today! Sharing the vision of the future for youth sports.
“: i need to start jumping down sets again but the older I get the more scared I get it sucks I was never scared as a kid”
Welcome as an official bar reviewer for ... once she un-protects that twitter account. ;)
Hope Ashley Judd is at the game tonight when she is at a game UK always wins when she is not well.....
Having an intense Dance Gavin Dance jam session.
What ?? Fuck this shit.. #cancer sucks...
is rocking with dj'in get here!
Athletes hydration needs will be higher than non-athletes because of fluid losses during exercise (sweat & respiration) be sure to hydrate!
So proud of my sweet love, <3 Wish I could be there with you, princess. You have all my love and support.
#michigan wow!
Maybe I'll be ready to come back by Sun...
you are so cool sweetie !! i love you ! ♥ you are my new sister ! hahaha
actually watching the world cup
just had another hop rising. Taste great.
Really enjoying Sufjan Steven's new album after his amazing concert Saturday.
TIME TO NUT UP OR SHUT UP
Want to become a Michigan dairy goat farmer? Contact Aubrey Thomason of Creamery; now presenting plan to support farms
Nerf really really really should have licensed the name "Noisy Cricket" for their Jolt handgun.
We already knew he was brilliant!
Feeling Blah!
I Love You Guys ! You are Amazing ! <3 :)
Have a blast with Saturday Retro Night at Club Aura!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the moms, grandmothers, aunts and like-a-moms out there!
Aw. Thanks for the love! Perhaps we should distribute recordings of "studious background noise"!
You're a man of broad shoulders, use your magnetism.
Spend your President's day thinking about the event at THIS Thurs. with #DNation and !
Training for the sake of making money is a job, not a profession.
He saw you. He wanted you. He liked you. He got you. He had you. He loved you. He got bored. He left.
Yes, we have an online app and here's a link to the Showcase day registration. It's free and we would love to see yo...
Ok well this is dumb.
Half of the decline in the #unemployment rate came from the 315,000 Americans who dropped out of the labor market last month.
. awesome. And i can def beat tosh. His standup sucks. I'll get a helicopter. Lets get it poppin. Roc's dream couple.
Register now for the 2010 Crowned Prince & Princess Charm Pageant--Early Deadline Dec 31. Save #crowned prince & princess charm
My thigh is twitching. Either I'm stressed or fat's trying to escape.
RT good morning// And a good morning to you, too!
Recently woke up naked on my futon. Normal. Yet somehow still had red high top sneakers on. That's how I found out I'm a wizard Harry.
Leave the bitches for the bitches we countin riches and catchin fishes girls doin the dishes Stoner missions
Yes! Only two more to go!
How long will it take for the ball just knocked into the middle of a backyard to show up on eBay?
All this smoke up in here.
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation so much coming up!!!
Those reacting to the news that Rose had torn ACL/MCL. ask yourselves, how did NBCMiami get this news first?
An evil and adulterous generation seeks for a sign, but no sign will be given to it except the sign of Jonah. -Matt 16:4
Can you spread the word or us? We're compiling a memorial book: What were you doing on Sept. 11? Proceeds go to charity.
Thanks so much for coming in to check out the new location! How was everything with your visit tonight?
Google must be a woman, it knows everything
Has anyone heard if Nyassi got an extra suspension yet?
lol good luck :)
Dr. Sylvia Hill #Southern Africa Support Project is also amongst the special awardees at the #freedomday awards.
I'd like to see Noel do a follow up interview with Mario now.
Like really u dont like one direction but u have the nerve to like niall andHarry just bc I do??!!! Not cool -.-!!!
All the wealth of the world could not buy you a friend nor pay for the loss of one.
Under my chest I feel something pounding, clawing; trying to escape the walls I've caged it in
I be agreein' wit ya. Social nets seem to bring back memories of school w/the little cliques. Couldn't stand it then either
En route to Pepper
I think teams that recent had same problems (raptors and bosh) and (grizz and pau) they both had problems advanceing in plyoff
article I read said Heckert wanted Weeden to contact Cooper & convince him 2 sign. BW forwarded text from Heckert to Cooper.
yep, I just said, "We seem to be going backwards here."
we know
can't wait to see your new hair
Just another scoreless outing for Ubaldo. Coors Field is Ubaldo's yard, we're just paying to be in it.
Sadly, there are too many fools who watch only #Fox and believe all they say as gospel. They have no clue about UK
Glad to know the car jacker had since enough to flee and let that baby make it home safe.
It's been a long day!! Relaxing with Bruce!! He always puts a smile on my face
Thank you! GR8 day to you!
Walker assessed activities on how much staff facilitation the required when other family feedback (good or bad) wasn't helpful.
Hockey fights are #intense!
Thank you! RT #FollowFriday Fabulous Friends
What does curating your life mean?
love it! thx for posting!
I'm preparing to move my office downtown.
Helping with math...who knew this day would ever come. 😁
Tessa and hold it and kiss it
...and how we imagine ourselves normal through the spectacle of their abjection
The collective noun for a group of rhinoceroses is "crash" or "herd". Isn't language fun?
Morning Rockstars! > I failed my way to success. - Thomas Edison
Hey! Can I get a follow back? Please?♥
I'm so glad you enjoyed it Tony!!! Thank you so much for your kind words :)
San Diego, California Weather :: 62F A FEW CLOUDS: 62F A FEW CLOUDS
Great another power play for the , will they take a shot at the goalie this time?
lol they found a crack head under the couch hahaha!!!!!!
Long day at the office, then a long night in the kitchen. Who else preps for thanksgiving today? :-)
"Dueling Chainsaws" seems to be the neighbourhood soundtrack today.
OMG GOP WTF? golf does not equal health care. mT : Obama: played 23 rounds of golf b4 inviting a woman to join
Getting dolled up ;)
I'm tryna go c nd @ Ibiza tonight. Who else tryna go???
Thanks for the RT during #Tchat - was an interesting topic.
you are mean, haha...that is why I only take cabs to & from the airport, lol
Somebody make me pancakes.
Freddie, teaching the fiance (marrying in may) how twitter works, can a fan get a retweet?
I utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it wrong.
Get your Bhangra on tonight! U.S. Dept of Bhangra's monthly party is tonight at ! We're doing a FREE dance lesson at 9:30!!!
We're going to have some exciting news to announce soon!
Database platform changes institute new usage counts; does COUNTER account for this?
I'm sleepy af
People were eating dinner outside at Big Star in JANUARY!
Thank you for my email! Hope to work with you soon!
Time to celebrate the sunshine with $5 Martinis all day today! Good for all regular and specialty martinis.
googled. its a winter squash. butterNUT is too? now im lost. can i have my 1c max on days i wod? thats what i needa kno ;)
Likewise! I didn't realize Cotelco was a joint venture between and Syracuse, very interesting stuff
good night Debbie John boy already is a sleep! Lol
Post and comment on informative links. Check out relevant hashtags (e.g., #edreform, #edchat). Be friendly.
Hoping today is a good day, doesnt feel like it though
ola amigo. The future is coming!!!!
someone tell me what's an Avi ??? :O
shut dat up
I don't care what Louis CK says, I'm going to smash this phone to the ground.
finally on way home.. been a long day
Congrats to at Evanston TS HS in Chicago for a huge win tonight. Goodluck on Tues against Chi Simeon! Keep on chuggin'!!!!
you good young brother? What's upcoming?
Pierre McGuire > Don Cherry "Seidenberg's skates just make a funny noise." Because they are German, apparently.
can u detect if appblade profile is not installed and tell user just that, now it says ambiguous msg that app can't be installed
Yep. I'm in love with libraries and a big pink RAT. Old-fashioned girl, really. Hee.
I don't worry 'bout what other people think bout me cause it can't be half as bad as what i think of them
Obama, Republicans Ransack Reagan’s Record, Come Up Empty
Thanks! ;) I appreciate the feedback!
RT : Football >>>>>>> any sport , any activity.
Still cool wid my ex girlfriend. . .
May all the sweet magic Of Christmas conspire To gladden your hearts And fill every desire.
bout too watch tv till i fall asleep !
Thanks, Kim! I hope you have a wonderful week. Stay dry, it's raining.
Start booking your appointments now : February Special * $15 off a make-up application* Have a glam Valentines Weekend!
...and saying "half" is generous~
Life is too short to waste a second, embrace it. Take what you have and run with it!
Me and my mom singing just chillin
Yes! How's your playoff beard?
"Whenever something bad happens, it just means that something better is gonna come along"
boo. I will buy you a cup of coffee if you tell me what you don't like about Heartbroker and how to fix it.
ex-wife ashes maybe?
What a beautiful day in the neighborhood
I need somebody who's down for me all the time, not some time
If you can't keep the hits coming that's what happens, I also love her.
FUCK NO. mrs davis is our principle next year... OH HELL NO.
.....Some people just need to get out of my life.
Two listings in two days. Todays was for 1.45 million. Boom-Shaka-Laka, he's on FIRE!
Orchestra Software Directs New Sales with Social Media
I wish I could see the super moon..it's very over cast in NYC
Who is ready for an extraordinary day? Tell me what you are most looking forward to today....
you and me both! “: Foster retiring because of back problems makes me feel like an old lady.”
check out my latest interview for College Underground Radio! Feedback? Suggestions for future articles? <3 .
It was the shorts.
what channel is it in San Antonio?(:
hi lil sis pia~ good morning~ love you so much my dear lil sis~ have a great day and take care <3
8 bit tie? Check. Pet shark? Check. I think you're ready for the #FreakinCatalytic party!
I was "immersed" for batman and robin in 1997 and that was more than enough for me. Back row from then on
We LOVE our local #SanFrancisco fans. Especially #Changemakers, like !
Is it bad that I am ready for Lost to be over so I can focus (soon) on True Blood?
Happy memorial day every one
yeah i have it. Its only like 1 or 2 new songs i think. But i think its just an effort to do pr for the show also.
finally broke down and signed up for Twitter
I dislike all NY teams so I will root for the Buck tonight ! I will root for any team playing a NY team.
Then rise and grind, good sir!
it's a week later and I still have "Beautiful Girls" from Follies in my head. Grrr!
In a couple years my names Gonna be on that Saints jersey. Then I'm gonna make you bitches pay.
RT : Happy feel-good Friday! FF other fab peeps like
Half-price haircuts today and we DO have openings this afternoon/tonight. 614.447.2600
Hasbro audition was a callback. Vry cool. Was headed 2 Newport Beach 2day for some catalog thing, but punted. Don't do The OC in rush hour.
Glad to hear you'll be working it again! See ya there!
Wow. Nail bitter.
I want to be playing but I must.be.productive.
What a beautiful day in Seattle! It's starting to feel like #Spring is actually here!
u n the office all by yourself m
is this who I think it is :0
Good morning Twitter!
lol I'm just kidding, can't nobody use mine's either
You're welcome! Have a great weekend.
ALways looking for the next gadget Research and Markets: Honduras - Telecoms, Mobile and Broadband - 2011: Political Interference Keeping
Good Morning Twitter! Please don't forget to vote for me in the #AbsoluteFuel contest! The link is in my description! Thank you!!
Cody, You are The Pan!
I know i miss you too, you should come here to maryland and visit
I'm hoping his guy brings me to sxsw I'd bug but pray for the best and let the wealth rain on us
enjoy the weather
Some stop working today, not me, busy last day of the year.
Just update reroute.it to support #opentripplanner. Now we just need an Austin instance of OTP.
Now they're saying it was a suicide call to Junior Seau's house?? That makes even less sense.
It's a cavernous cave
Always can all me at the office, see my phone number
I don't feel so well.
me too!
agh it's windows only! I'll figure it out…
please buy the Padres. Thanks.
That's a pretty good deal. I may go for that.
Just watched the Grammys.. Bruno Mars killed it !!! Literally flawless from start to finish! True Artists #Adele #PaulMcCartney!
first week of p90x 2 complete. im on my way
If only it was nicer outside so i could read and get my tan on
Then he would think ur the clingy type lol RT : I would so pass out if I met him. Or I'd hug him and not let go, lol.
hey can y'all go follow my GERL group its called n we Finna do a live ustream with ray ray on theph
Oh Sam Rockwell, take me away.......
honestly, how do you like living in Tremont? ...considering buying there & looking for takes from actual residents.
Poni wins it for the
nothing is 100% true
This funny and true at the same time RT : Know what else is waging a war on marriage? Flannel pajamas.
thank you! i mean c'mon - giving birth and raising a kid is just REAL LIFE. ::eyeroll::
Happy Mother's Day:)
THIS RT : When Perry has a huge game I'm gonna remember that said "Who?" about him. Go work on your receiving skills.
Every time we have time, we shouldn't waste it
Twitter followers, y'all so sweet!! Thank you for the Hash tag #HappyBirthdayVinceLlaguno I'm giving shout outs today RT This.😊😊
Up next from intel talking about how to scale social media interaction on facebook.
either your account or mine has been hacked Sorry for any inconvenience
Next I tried to ask Siri where I could order a hooker. It thought I said "I want to order a book or a cat".... OMG! DOES IT KNOW ME?!!
Last day at Disneyland with the fam, so of course the lines are long and it's hot! But we still have a few areas to explore.
happy Friday! Hope it's one of the best :)
That is $10 and you get about $16+ worth of merch!
To recuperate from this weekend, I will need 12 hours of sleep that I'm NOT going to get.
Good Monday Morning! I Hope everyone had a fantastic weekend! :)
Privacy Iphone Screen protectors FTW!
miss my blondie!
glad to have you follow me Sarah palin is also one of my favorite people.
RT : RT : Who here is ready for #matchday? Are you ready? Nervous? A little bit of both?
Same goes for works of fincher ep
EL CENTRO, UNT, UTA, SMU, & THE ART INSTITUTE. Everything about any other college, TRASH :)
:-) The article should really have had Bob Dylan's photo since he was the one who wrote the lyrics.Very cool though. Happy New Year!
Just so you all know... Working on next week's savory special, and you all will be very pleased... Yes, very pleased indeed! ;-)
Did I miss something? Is the "Questions" tool now gone?
#StopKony2012. Spread the word. Let's create peace. We all can do something to help❤
If I started a #skeptic ska band it would be called Pareidolia and the Skaptics.
why the hate on a local girl actually doing something?? Shame on you.
Thanks for the help. Found one near Symphony!
At work thinking about alot.....
I went to the same damn school for like six freaking years
lol! My bad. I notice I've curbed doing that and I only skip when I have a lot of built up tension
How's everyones day going?!
“: preparing.....nervously.....for my first ever TRADE show. fish out of water~~~~!! sigh.” Good luck!!! Where?
Adrienne Maloof in the building.... LAX
Lol okay don't believe me
But, keep everyone posted in the climate change news coming out. It is Amazing - Btw, I was sorry you lost the Presidency. A
We'll get it there as quickly as we can! RT : next shipment is on the way. Woot
We haven't been this excited for a show in a long time!
All I do is win win win, no matter what.
I'm running out of time, where is my runaway love?
yes ma'am
morning Michael
I wonder how old Cee Lo Green's hand donor was. I'm guessing 9.
misses the days of playing red rover and catching lightning bugs.
Prom tonight!!! Thanks to for getting me sick the day before!
Tom Brady dissing Buffalo hotels makes me wish even more that he was watching my then-girlfriend and I diddle in that La Quinta Inn in 2003
Pwahaha, u aint ever lied lol! Ok, we got Drake & JCole now... who gone last?
Taking the Stanford Online course in NLP right now, it's been an interesting experiences.
Keep my inner circle tight af cuzz niggas be on some other shit
Fall back FALL BACK !
Why Groupon said no to Google's $6 billion - Business - U.S. business - msnbc.com msnbc.msn.com/id/40574999/ns… via
"If you dont make a goal, Im not feeding you for the next 24 hours!!"
Let's get it Rangers!
40 points off the bench #6th man of the year !
A-ma-zing photo! I wanna go there!
Use power to curb power. Power is developed from within.
It's like a choose your own adventure book but instead it's Choose your own Punishment.
thanks for the link to the wild fermentation book! just bought it
The Surgeon General says that #Stress is one of the top reasons for sickness and disease. Everybody: there's a Natural Solution for stress!
gotta visit my lady. I am def applying at WOB!
amen amen. Hope you are doing good. I miss you toots! :)
im doing well..and you?
FAR TO GO by Alison Pick (5/11) may gain book club traction, Cdn literary WWII Jewish family saga; reminds me a bit of FUGITIVE PIECES
~Carol Burnett~Everyone thinks of changing the world,but no one thinks of changing himself
anytime. :D
the & Baba band will!
Downton Abbey fans, Dan Stevens (Matthew Crawley) will be joining Jessica Chastain in this fall's revival of !
The #Bronocos and #Colts do not meet this year.
And he has a book. I'm going to get it.
Texas Home & Garden Market Opens THIS Friday!Attendees receive a free goodie bag w/ coupons, samples & PRIZES!www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Having to try and figure out someone else's fan/A.C. on a hot night with a hellish sunburn, should be illegal. At least in most States.
Every time I go to speedway I always get a slushy
too bad she's too old for us though... fuck :/ lol
If I was out shots would be on me as sweep the night 5-0 4-0 in #MLB and 1-0 in # NBA get on the list I am working
RT : Two more days to submit recipes for our ebook, so tell your foodie friends! Details here:...
I just use my desk as a nightstand, then again I have no earrings to lose :p
but Wright just selected by Titans. Unless they go for Hill?
The secret ingredient in Weight Watchers Dark Chocolate Cake recipe: pureed canned sauerkraut. What?
No, it's all good.
Yeah come back to me.... Jk Fuck Off!
Contest ends midnight on Tuesday! Good Luck!
Major thanks to the 5mTKO crew for having me as guest this week. Enjoyed talking #timbers with old skool TA!
Vote today #Indiana!
Getting ready to relaunch the Kickstarter project (scaled back considerably). In the meantime, I am looking into making an Android app.
Working with a few of the Spokane Shock players today.
Beware of spiders my friends. Their webs are deadly.
RT #NickiMinaj please com bck to twitter..we miss U
www.retronaut.co = my favorite place on the Internet right now.
Thx to all my new follwers. Good Morning.
That's cool! I've always wanted to go to Finland. Yea, I live in California but wasn't born there. ;)
Must sleep. Hope I dream of u...
yeah, she has plenty of medications. Her doctor prescribed them to her.
#alreadytempted to bounty hunt the arsonist. and his oddly shaped feet
LMAO RT : What's going on here???? I'm just waiting for Ashton to jump out and shout "you've just been punked!
I sometimes wish I was Blonde, or I look like Ariana Grande so that Austin would like me..
I really must find more interesting things to do with my hair. #Igottadobetter :)
Thanks for following! Want a Stranger tee & Vintage Deck of cards? Tweet DO GOOD to win!!!
glad you both are okay
I almost did that before RT : This is pretty bad. I think I've developed a habit of depending on NyQuil to fall asleep at night
You just took our pock for the #cmlounge event at Bess, thanks!
She said. . You ain't no good , but you feel so good. She said.. what if I could.. but I gotta leave you alone
WORK HARD STAY FOCUSED YOU WILL WIN EVERYTIME
follow back search Boston your people I am sure like gourmet coffee
obviously we laughed through the entire recording session!
RT : If I fall, can you let me down easy. -Billy Currington
Swag template, niggas copy then they paste !!
Mighty in battle now my Victor be Death has no power when You hold the key :: Be Thou My Passion
hahah that's the stuff they are putting on tv for kids these days smh...haha and ya those babies were straight gangsta
Hurry up and read A Year in Tyr by Eric J. Swensson, now in paperback - you'll be glad you did!
It's crazy how long girls will stick around for good sex though.. Until they find out that doesn't mean shit.
You'd think they would get a quarterback right when the lockout was over, "COME ON MAN!"
Man my red griffeys are done super muddy o well time to get new ones
i agree w/ this completely. went to great public speaking workshop today & saw many examples of interactive lecture
RT well, this totally made my morning :) : Happy Valentines Day, Less than three :)
I'm listening to king Kong right now
Don't forget is at Walmart in Ft Wright at 11. I'm gonna pack up the wife and kids & see my man and grab kyvan!
Thx! RT: : hope u enjoyed the oyster tacos, gorg weather & views!
Belated #FF (Saturday edition) to the amazing and talented
How was that a foul on Jeffries?
*sighs* Sorry, . I don't follow until I am well amused & proper contrition has been made (or you write a book i like )
Always funny to see a highly touted Norte Dame team having a tough go of it against an unheralded underdog. Their coach had to get cute.
May the odds be ever in your favor!!
But im so hungry
“: Thanks for the awesome time at #OnDeck fans.” we should thank u my fellow Canadian!
Right on! RT : I’m amazed when I see these little 8 year old kids with iPhones. You know what I had when I was 8? Imagination
Pastor Eddie Long, one guy, possible shakedown, three men accusing him of having a sexual relationship, while n teens. Getting interesting.
the locals at #KingField welcome #MURFC with open arms....Tony from the park made an effort to shake hands with everyone at practice today
Looks like XOMBI No3 is out today. I'm gonna go learn more stuff!
Ride it, my pony! Then ride it again!
oh yeah....it is awesome
where you at?(: lol
hey Megan thanks for following us! :)
No longer can I walk around looking like nappy roots
I AM
Congratulations to Mr. & Mrs. Kleitz. Team Enso wishes you the best of luck with your future endeavors.
Junior Seau rejoins the Patriots
... that if I order right then they can ship it today (wed) so that I'll hopefully get it by Fri. Of course it didn't ship wed.
Mention "The Black Out II: The All Black Gala" & recieve up to 30% off all black suits, dresses, tux's, & accessories at Darver's Fashions
I ended up not registered after my signature got rejected in 2008! My signature really isn't worth ANYTHING!! ;)
Grohl is a GOD!
are you okay? :c
okkay i followed
omg. Lucky.
Hey I am curious, what is your go to restaurant in Rochester?
Just recorded some segments for 93.1 JAMZ with Fish Calloway. I love how he always makes everyone laugh!
"marketing broadly is not marketing"
Hello! Pleased to [temporarily?] follow you! You from NOLA or just obsessed with it like me?
anyawy best of luck ;)
When "experts" are on Twitter--that's the best way to connect w/them. #globalclassroom came to our classroom.
Boston #getittogether! -_- I'm done with this
RT : When you think of "Seattle Celebrities" who comes to mind?
Miller Lite #punchtop can? Can someone inform me why this is cool?
yeah, yeah yall got the W,but its a 7game series and my squad are those young grasshoppers learning more from each game
Last time the Pacers closed out a playoff series at home: May 4th, 2000 vs the Bucks.
miss Bacardi girl days! Hope the promo goes well :)
Thanks Hash!
#RoseFestival! What are you doing to celebrate?
I keep having too many Paradise Fears related dreams that involve me waking up sad. :c
Clients that pay on time, and ahead of time are the clients you want to keep. Always nice to have a grouping of those. :)
Nature, you scary.
are you alive? Wow that is low!
doing some test syncing of tweets from Twitter to the course website....
As #barneystinson would say; this #tshirt is legen...wait for it...DARY! Check it out
What would you do without music?
Hoping to deck out my naked new Lightspeed at the Twin Cities Bike Swap this Sunday
Over 70% of our Social Media Bootcamp participants use but do not maximize Facebook for business purposes
Just got in from my show, I'm wit you brutha!
Much appreciated! :)
Busy day today. Music video client meeting. Luxury watch photography. Dinner/nap. Then we begin the 24hr film competition.
is working on programming a key for a Chevrolet Cobalt.
i triple dog dare you. they have some yard gnome zombies eating flamingos on etsy. i think jessica's yard really needs that :)
definitely. Thanks again. Couldn't have accomplished so much without your help.
I absolutely love that moment when a book goes in a completely different direction than I imagined.
Nerve impulses for muscle position travel at a speed of up to 390 feet per second.
Back from guitar lesson had a big Mac from Micky d's now nap time lol
N' im up out to the Car wash Behind my house..
Expect shameless, inquisitive tweets to follow. Be blessed.
I didn't bring my book to school today. Now what am I supposed to do for an hour?
Thank you! > : once again. You are fabulous.
I thought i couuld be strong threww this but i just need someone too cry and talk too...
... and maybe making funding more interesting is a very good thing. We agree on that.
Barack spent all night tonight reading "his" jobs bill. I asked him how far he got and he said, "Let me be clear, I got about two pages in!"
Day 3 of no caffeine: tired. Go figure. Thinking about no liquids other than water all of next week.
...and now Lubick has two fouls, but it looks like he's staying the game. 15-11 Georgetown leads
Nothing in Tahoe RT : Didn't feel it (did I mention I'm in CA?) RT : USGS: 5.2-magnitude quake in E California, W of Reno
Stuck in traffic!
smashing pumpkins afternoon
Just got done watching the #CBJ game, still get goosebumps seeing out there in the final 3 minutes!
THS SAT. WINDYCITY SOLE SUMMIT 2230 S. Michigan 12-5pm all ages. BUY SELL N TRADE YOUR SNEAKERS. TICKETS SOLD AT DOOR $10
whats up man!
Stay tuned...
"Your love is like bad medicine. Bad medicine is what I need." ;)
Mark Twain
so Beautiful
that sucks balls dude!
lol! Go to sleep,twitter isn't right for you haha
So stoked! First album sounding awesome! 2 months in the making. Almost done. 2012 should be something! :)
Yeah, but what jersey will he be wearing?
Np. I'm pretty sure that's due Monday as well :)
But spaghetti is so easy to make!
Brew City 4 Life and Bee Bus Line...lol.
Make you feel my love by #adele on repeat.
What techniques do you use to get your ADD/ADHD child to pay attention?
Currently wondering how flexible the term "recommended dosage" is.
rest, sweet crow
WOW! That was... Amazing.
Looking for some new dubstep recos, share 'em if you got 'em...
#edt246 i liked how his family joined the cause helping him to read, forming a new community of practice around that instead of appalachia
Since when is washing your hands after using the bathroom optional?
I'm Vic. you are?
I also wonder how much patience users have for dealing with that kind of an interface on the web.
making a tumblr account, i have no idea how to use it "/
Come to the NYC zombie prom June 9 with GWAR and enter to win a page from the walking dead comics. A real hand drawn pg from Charlie Adlard
how good is this little gem of a wine/cheese shop? tasting here - Le Ragnaie Chianti is killing it
was BOMB at CEO Space today
3 days to go...
People are always calling me asking for advice On anal sex.
successfully was in the sun for 3 hours today without getting burnt. thanks indian river for getting me tan
i am going to love this tweet ing when i head out to cali.
Congrats Jessica!! We can't wait for you to come in!!
All day, all night I got the lights in my eyes and I'm falling for you keep cool, stay young I'm just having my fun wit the lessons in love
great meeting tnite! thanks for all who came. stay tuned for more details about thursday night and monday's trip.
VISITAN LA SALSA DE URGUARY, PARAGUAY,CHILE,PERU,ARGENTINA, VENEZUELA,EUADOR,BRAZIL,GUATEMALA,MEXICO,PANAMA,VENGA ,A CHATEAR LATINO
Up early making breakfast
I KNOW
Coffee Stout hangover remedy is not coffee.
Its Follow friday!! Check out our friends
Ran into some random guy with a shirt on today! He had it signed by What a cool kid :)
oh abraham. Ru serious? You guys could pull diamonds out of your ass u r so up tight. Who does he hate?NAACP pres says not a racist.
they just don't understand simple economics. Something is only worth what someone will pay for it.
The name of the has been spoken aloud on Twitter three times. He shall now appear!
Happy #CincoDeMayo! Stop by Beta for one of our #tequila cocktails like La Santa Maria w/ jalapeno & pineapple infused reposado!
vert jump, 40 dash, pro agility,bench press or push up then punt pass kick
So excited to be part of the band All the Little Pieces! Rehearsing a lot and getting ready for some shows and recording soon!
yes im excited :) i miss him soo badly, well you know the feeling.
Really blessed and loving life.
lets talk
No way! Julie Chen is not out! U r crazy!
is he wearing a suit on his face?
How are we all getting down there? Do you know?
Got the break room rocking
No not right now. Keep following us and we will tell u when": what do you mean? Just listen to the radio? Like now?"
For example, Ray Bradbury's biographer is going to be here Wednesday at 7pm to rock the house.
was amazing tonight in miami!! She did a full performance that blew me away!!! Love you Taylor <3
The President assured me that tomorrow he will be offering state of NC up for auction, he hears Iran needs a new territory..
RIP MCA. You've changed the world and will be remembered.
I have to get mentally prepared to study for finals and finish reviews
I miss you a lot. Sometime, most of the time, I don't show it. But I hope you know my heart breaks everytime I breathe
Yep!! I've seen that too with the gas prices in Green Bay!! It's crazy!! You really can't go anywhere anymore!!
agreed. Even a small investment in Jan wld hv helped. Wonder if that was reason for changes in front office.
One reason we don't pray as if everything depended on God is because we don't believe it does.
Had a Great training session with , a few more days till his fight every1 check it out May 15th
A quote for the day: (with a smile on his face) "come on though, you can't tell me Bill Gates doesn't have some Apple stock"
: Off to Austin!
Woopy Do. Valentines Day-.-
What good thing did you do for yourself today? Don't forget to push that chair back and breathe once in a while
I love shows with ridiculously hot women. Settle down.
that's dope, super nice chef
OK I will do that
Most people only see what they want to see. Unless told otherwise...
Any day!
Can’t you almost smell it? Today on #HealthfulIndianFlavorsWithAlamelu,Yogurt Rice, Asparagus Poriyal and Fish Kulambu. At 12:30 on MPTV 10.
o damn!!!! That was your blunt.. I thought I got lucky. I found it the other day cleaning. I was like
That's what I'm thinking based on resources. A weekly blog is probably the most that will occur and FB to fill in
"A poor man's hovel is another, wealthier man's tax shelter"
Aaron Koppel Quartet's "Falling Together Falling Apart" is on the Grammy Awards Nominating Ballot for Jazz Instrumental Album, please vote!
t.r.u. women too!
If you live to love you will love to live Leonard Chitunhu
"Your what? Tin roof, rusted!" Have some fun tonight at home with the B-52's Live in Athens tonight on MPTV 10 at 10:30pm.
Screw the growing up. #Suh needs jail time!
Guess I can do my hair...a silk wrap w/feather curls would be cute
Real RCY tho all we had was each Otha I swear
Scallops make any Sunday better!
Note to self: Never ride with :-0
that looks so yummy without the eggs lmfao
I'm going with Punk, Cena, Taker
The enemy of good is great.
. is there a reason why the banner image shows up as two photos some of the time and for other photos it only shows part of it?
#InCaseYouDidntKnow Schools Almost Over (:
the bands 1st guitar player Guy Davis is moving to Oregon! we wanna wish him all the best Guy played with the band from 2007 to 2010
RT : That works SWELL for me.//I'm in stitches envisioning the ways a sombrero can be decorated.
Hey! They actually make me look good!
I have a horrible memory!
On the menu today: commonplace books, poetic miscellanies, and chocolate covered almonds. But not at the same time, of course.
Hopefully EXCITING!! ;) RT : who thinks #OscarFashion will be boring? exciting? predictable?
Recipe please!
how u doing im doing better
El Bulli: Cooking in Progress will open 7/27 ! PPR and Community Community Screening licenses available same day!
Hi I don't know what happened...completely forgot about twitter for a couple months.
School Was Kinda Fun. Now Its Time To Eat #MidDayMunchies .!
Okay, that made me laugh. I want to win the contest you're proposing. O, look, I did!
RT "Allow yourself just one struggle today, so you can go past it and float through the day with ease and amusement."
I should've lasted longer with my boyfriend, now ima be one of those singles that ask themselves out on Facebook on Valentines Day...
Hope you put them in their place. Haha
“: "Wow! Nice car, Mr. Duroseau. Somebody should STEAL that jawn..."” nice
Wheres is the good in goodbye? #summer ill miss u...
wait..how does the school know u skipped
all about the money and the bigger market plus he will never win a title with svg
Yay! Let's plan another Brewer outing for this season. At least one.
didn't tell me her abilities
I hear you Nate. That's why we can't put all our Social Media eggs in one basket ;)
If I have one bottle its Shiraz, if I have two do I have Shirazi? Shirazes? I don't want to know, I'm going with Shirazi no matter what.
Also,new covers is coming this month!!So excited to get all this started!- Shunt'e!
dude its to ealry for you to be screming at the top of my street go back to bed
or do you like this orange best?
Damn you whole foods! I knew there was a catch.
I'm totally on the next plane. see you in 16.
Could someone explain to me how Free Fallin' is number 68 on Spotify's Top 100 in Sweden?
jeez I didn't know you hate me that much
You. Me. Elf. Next october. It's on.
We are excited about our CTC forum this Thursday, May 3rd, featuring #CA52 candidates: Scott Peters, Lori Saldaña, and Brian Bilbray!
please, please write this rant. I want to reference it when attempting to set expectations.
had so much fun clubbing last night =)
Thank you Shannon! :) I'm gonna miss u to!!
“: clear discharge no fever, sneezing, itchy eyes in spring usu. allergies if fever,phlegmy discharge, maybe infection #latism”
Raise your hand if you ... want to raise your hand.
I am so sick of hearing about the Dallas Cowboys already!!
Michael Jackson Is Our Hero :)
Somebody in my office is walking around whistling Crocodile Rock.
Tickets for JUNE 30th Extreme RETURNS 6/30 at the Armory in Philly WILL BE AVAILABLE ON SALE tomorrow starting at 9am CASH SALES ONLY!
So tired!
Starbucks' Gluten-Free Valencia Orange cake is surprisingly yummy!!
create a Flickr group for members to submit photos
confusing! but i fixed the tweet ;) thanks!
That awkward moment when you go to kick something, and you miss.
What is this challenge, how many burpees do you have to do in that time?
Wish I was seeing at tonight. Something tells me I'll still find a way to have a good time.
Watched far too many interviews of today. Came to realize that I have neglected there albums far too much lately. Time for change!
live 10pm at DAR in Washington, DC tonight - ROW 4 in the center!! So excited, hope she brings me or my fiance on stage!!!
I represent, where them killas hang 3rd Ward Calliope projects we got our own thang
": Love with no action is love with no meaning."
Aww, thank you! You are so sweet! :)
Rappers are good at fishing because they know how to use a hook.
"Rebels" thought they fooled Obama by making false claims of indiscriminate killing when it was proved that less than 3% were civilians.
Happy #February! Can you believe our first month of 2012 is already over? It's about time to start planning your spring trip to #Plano!
We are excited too.
Don't tweet much but good to see you here. LUV
Thanks to for paying us a visit!
Madness I say, madness!
. reports fastest plausible trip: Good Hope/Naylor to Anacostia Lib in 1:58. 21.94 mph down massive hill.
Sew in clip or patch label on the sleeve & bottom hem of the shirt we can do it.
hopefully she'll give me an extra day 😒
This new season of Mad Men is alot like third love.
Help me.
ok how do I do it
aw that's sweet but none for me?? jk
I heard niggas was mad because they aint get nominated for the categories in our yearbook……YOU MAD???
Barney with the big knock.
Afraid to lie near the window. I don't want to see Elmira Gulch or any flying cows out there, much less meet members of the Lollipop Guild.
Search for ASTD EVENTS in app store
Keep it a 100 wit u niggas actin like females
I Love Steampunk and Love the Great Inventions and Ideas out there but seriously... why are you so hard to draw!!!
I hate this class....
awesome! Giving this all full attention after crazy valentines is done! Ha.
School will be the death of me.
I NEED CHOCOLATE!
So glad to hear that the 17 yr old girl hit by an SUV in Hermitage while catching her bus is going to be OK broken arm and hip injuries
I will agree with you there Diana. It was a great to hear your insight on Fox.
Gonna revamp our music page this week and work on another remix. Should be a fun time!
perfect. And I can crash there when I want since I live downtown too :) haha
I remember a time when $30 of Walmart makeup could cover all the zombies...
Totally Agree! RT : DTC is da BOMB. Basically, read everything she has ever written. You won't be disappointed.
there's no place like home!
Plenty of good options out there but all I can say is the Duluth is a pleasure to own. Well worth the cash outlay.
Hell yeah I like it too :)
Oh your welcome!!:)
At gym, good thing someone forgot their bodywash
Hey Jay... where in New England did you grow up? I'm from the North Shore of Massachusetts.
Hey Washington, listen up: please, for the love of God, don't start any more vast projects with half-vast ideas. We've got enough problems.
I kinda like how she's on the down-low right now. I think she does, too. :D She'll be back with a hit.
I never realized how racist this movie was..lol
OMG R U kidding Me?
The novel is just days away from completion
Music fairy just appeared outside my window playing Harry potter on the violin.
Find a way not an excuse. Emphasize this every day. Simply do not accept excuses.
Good morning everyone!
Who else had that one pen with a 4 colors, and tried to push all the buttons at once.
I would do it, but YOU don't follow me :p
I am so disappointed A Game of Honor didn't record properly. I hope it records tomorrow.
Ugh I hate when I see something and it makes my stomach feel like its dropping to my feet!
Get your tickets to Wicked at the Plaza, and spend an extra $5 on a scary movie-- TOMORROW! plazaclassic.com
I wonder if I should make generic 4 chord pop-house tracks for vocalists...
yes Claude I really want it. Im gonna get it:)
nope , Merion mercy academy :) get at me , bro ! Lol :) I felt as if I belonged there and the best school so yeah :)
laying down watching Tosh.O
I cant decide whether to go to Temple for
Excited For New Jonas Album 12
Isn't there an entire circle reserved for ALL senators?
fifty shades for the guineas?
Last night's scary kid moment: text from 14 yr old son right after school: "Do we have any condoms in the house?"
Thanks for staying connected to the network that works in 2010 we are looking forward to 2011 starting up with 3 million RapTV members
ah cant watch grammys damn i cant stop watching wish i was on it :(
Come brave the snow and shop our Odds and Ends Sale! Everything in the sale is 30-50% off!
pshh that 98.5 station was NOTHING compared to KROV! Was it just me, or was like 80% of it commercials?!
RT : when do you arrive in chicago and ??? get ready to get your drink on with me tonight!
Follow me back! is a Awsome account related to Porn!;P
The Vanilla Raspberry Wheat did need a blow-off tube. Only thing was the one I had was not air tight. Luckily, I had a backup.
I love Jay Leno's
I saw the montage a couple months ago that included the Pack. Sucks if they got rid of it
Which video/page isn't captioned?
I know I'm crazy, but shouldn't we find it refreshing that the BCS committee has an allergy to making money?
My dad made it through Irene unscathed, but he said that the Hudson and Mohawk Rivers are the highest he's ever them.
ROMNEY DID NOT INVENT STAPLES BUT HE FIRED A STAPLER ONCE
Foot cramps are the actual worst things in the world!
So many things to get done in the next week and I don't even know where to begin.
San Diego Police Department knew 15 years convicted sex offender Arevalos was sexually assaulting women. Cops & DA did nothing to protect
Word of the day: polyamory (n) - participation in multiple and simultaneous loving or sexual relationships
the pictures are just too important
Jazz-up song for the day: Helix Nebula by
i keep a list to remind me where my notebook is.
At #Columbia in NYC to watch the Documentary #DEMAND: An End to Trafficking.
: Get those extra servers ready. The trade is about to go nuclear on you.
Settle down big homie
sponsor'n some dope little league teams... soccer moms will screw face...
They introduce the jockeys the way they introduce the football players on Sunday night football. Love it!
Create your future from your future, not from your past.
sex is not the answer to all of life's problems... sex is the question! yes is the answer! and i always have the right answer...
Re: On offense - Do it 27 days from now & see if U set them off again. Timing is everything ;-))
So in love with the Too Faced Natural Eye palette right now 😍❤
I can laugh at my own past :)
Life without caffeine is really.....
that hurts :(
A view from our kitchen window: October 3
Awesome! Love you amiga!
Thanks B. Glad I took your advice.
you better not forget about the people in Indiana now that you moved.
oh yes on friday! :) tahaha NO! jk :)
yep I love muzic an football
RT : My 2 year-old just called an overpass a mountain. Native Houstonian.
Come on down! The coffee's ready! RT : On my way
This guy RT : 90% people wets the toothbrush after applying the paste.
no sir, I have some other things going on today. Hope you have fun!
At Carnival Chicago Tech w/ The show is going to be bananas. Come celebrate dance tonight at Joes!
Haven't heard "Never Let You Go" in so Long ! :((
ima always show da attention u need : )
My 19 year old brother has hot friends.
bro this new south park is hilarious lol
this year needs to be over... so it can be our turn to run this damn school
Away from Denver but nice to have a few minutes to listen online to and on talk to
Hey Patrick, are you mad? "Yeah." Why? "Can't see my forehead."..... Hahah gets me everytime
Thank you for visiting this evening, and welcome to Chicago.
I leave on June 16, which is far too soon. So much to do. I hope your grading and end-of-term work goes smoothly. Summer plans?
then message me on facebook, because i would like to know.
Just when stuff starts to look bad
What happened to that promise you made me?
Nuthin sweeter than u, KTG! RT : Always a crazy time at ... and ... All those sweets! I can't!
Just read synposis of 's hockey movie "Hit Somebody." Isn't Seann William Scott in flick called "Goon" w/ EXACTLY same plot?
that was, I think, what one of the comments suggests, that the author was given an ultimatum to get traffic or move on.
Dominating :) And it looks like startupgrind is too!
Glad ur happy bo!!!! RT": Its feels good to be loved & happy"
First sweep of the season
My first Romance Novel...."Lost Lady" by Jude Devereaux....I was hooked there after. Not one of her books I haven't read to date!
NFL Rumors: Updates and Info on No. 4 and No. 8 Pick - Bleacher Report
When nobody wants to be in class until your teacher says I need volunteers for a party and you'll get mad credit if you do
I'm so happy I get to start my academic internship with next week.
Hello Fellow bikers. I have been building bikes for 20 years. Have a look www.spcarbon.com #bicycle #carbon fiber #road bikes
you should eat your prizza on your broat or jetski... that would be cool
When will I become popular enough to have a fake twitter of me? It can give out fun cleaning tips.
I wanna go out and do something else aside from laying down and doing nothing
#SchoolMemories getting good report cards
game day pumped up !!!! Let's go giants !!!
Thought for the day: Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thin
Glee - Black or white (Official video / Full performance)
Sketched up a web page wireframe on my iPad using Adobe Ideas. I can use it as a template for some quick design ideas with clients.
Fuck you Eli Manning so much more hatred now then I did before last night I hate him more then Peyton.
NBPA will hold a mandatory meeting tomorrow to update player reps on next steps since they wont be accepting the owners offer.
Sorry I was too agrivated yesterday to post yankee gold glove winners...oh wait, there were none.
“: new shirt should be nick Johnson's stash.” I concur.
Beautiful day today!!! Enjoying cocktails with the friends on 3rd Ave in Bayridge!!
It's because we fear we're not as good as we sometimes think we are and one day the world will discover the awful truth!
I've got my fingers crossed for you. Hope the damage estimate isn't too high.
The better part of one's life consists of his friendships. A Commitment to Honor: A Unique Portrait of Abraham Lincoln in HIs Own Words, 76
That terrible moment when you're enjoying a burrito and suddenly it's crunchy.
Thank you for the support!!
Talk to me when it gets 40 C there like it will here tomorrow.
#J202 Remember if you use all your good jokes in the practice, have new ones in the final presentation.
so tired. been cleaning since late last night. my house is going to be the central locale on this grad weekend.
Party in full swing!
I'LL make my job at publix fun so I'll make money & not have a shitty time.
In exams, we look up for inspiration, down for desperation, left and right for information
You know you want CURRY for DINNER...the only question is LAKEVIEW or the LOOP!!!
"If we don't win for these kids, then we gotta get real. We gotta come prepared to fight more," says
lol just woke up
you have an army of doggelgangers.
ha ha you need to tweet those actors/actresses and see if you can be an extra in it! ha
who says I DON't have feathered hair?
Hello to you as well!
SERIOUSLY! Marc sounds like he has downs, I don't even follow Eric, and Jared team hops as much as he changes his underwear.
Linking to outside sites is a huge change for us
Incredible D tonight for Milwaukee so far and the Twin Towers aren't even in yet.
you mean you aren't moving back???? :-)
nebraska is bringing the rukus! Don't be hating!
make sure yall go download #skyyjones 2 just released today
Spread the word about the Alliance Facebook page. Encourage your friends to like us!
I think with any of these types of things there has to be care taken before bashing a point of view
AGP IS NOW PUTTING TOGETHER BEATS FOR THIS MIXTAPE WE NEED YALL TO CONTACT US ASAP 7047284808
For the same reason I think of you every time I see a 40oz...
Yes i do fill like i could be a freak! It been a long time 4 me!
FinancialBreeze planted seeds yesterday.............!
that's so nice!
What's everyone thinking on this #Chiefs draft? Decastro? Kuechly? Trade Down? Trade up? Let our time expire & be the renegade of the draft?
Just a reminder that we will be closed tomorrow for the holidays - Monday July 4th. We hope to see you on Tuesday when we re-open!
i know right!!!! #NSN3D is getting better when u keep seeing it!!!!!! ive seen it 20 times already!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Reunited and it feels so good!!
What really struck me this year were the number of picture books by African-American celebrity authors -- 25%
Its time to release the beast!.. Where the eff is my Monster?!
We do that too, lol! Sad, wish more docs would at least have them try it for 30 days-what is the harm?!
Getting batteries for my watches-Time will be ticking away soon
#TwitterLogic RT : Everytime I don't see the game we lose
that's right!
Damn I'm just catching up on more tv news. Looks like I lost 3 more shows PAN AM, RINGER, and THE RIVER. I'm going to stop watching tv :-/
ok im done with that
Although going to the gym would have been great, watching Gilmore girls was satisfying. :)
Congrats to the Murray State Racers for punching their ticket to the big dance!
good wheels make all the difference. Weight, aerodynamics, more giddy-up! <3 <3
Faithful follower on twitter and xm, please sign me up for the S3.
Drive home flipping thru the radio, 104.3 was playing Ja Rule... needless to say I didn't change the station
Happy Holidays from the mphoria team!
One of those days. 😔
I noticed there's no "print" function in Wave. :-)
If Yanks sign both Ibanez and Chavez is Nunez out ?
This sucks!
Yes, Only Loaf Can Break Your Heart
My good buddy wrote this terrific play. Please share/retweet and go see it this week!
ahahaha you stalker(;
Want to make quick, easy cash? BookHolders is hiring on the spot! Come in to the store today!
. Legal pot's pretty popular. As for crack advocates, why should they be only activists to advertise their unpopularity?
yaaaay:) love you too dear
not positive on where I'm going to go next, probably 92nd and Beloit though!
Omg this got me soo excited lol
#don't share your twitter id and Password any one, any site, if you give may be it hack by another person.so be careful.
Great job today !!
I'm wasted & this is a bad fit. Stay the course CLE“: #Indians are already very left-handed. Johnny Damon is one more lefty bat.”
What do you think of #Walmart being in Bellevue?
you sure missed it! Let's get together with Wes soon to discuss the rough cut.
always had a soft spot for the early Ez of the teens & 20s, "the Pound era." He was downhill all the way from there, alas x
I own too many yellow accesories
so true so true.
Heavy is the head, Lisa... Hah :) How are things in Oz?
Wow. #smallbizchat is 3 years old! I've only been tweeting a year.
The wyman smells so bad today 😣
um, this conference has free coffee. love.
Last few moments of glory? Lets be serious hahahaha
where the heck are you ? COME ON BARDUEX IM WAITING !! just pulled into office !!
Lololol I crack myself up
At the Ricoh arena listening to former 400m european, commonwealth & world championship gold medallist
John's Homemade Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Ice Cream is done.
#OneThingIDontLike stupid people
Great to see you at #iabcseattle Morning Manager at Microsoft store. Looking fwd to on 18th!
copy and paste haha lol help me
private insurers demanded double-digit premiums increases every year.
I HATE allergies! I'm miserable today!
Melo realizes that STAT isnt reliable
Yes without help, just saying he's not gonna stop rondo from doing his thing all the time - i beleive ET will get Ray?
miss you so much!
Wendy, thanks for the follow!
Now your just somebody that I used to know.
Hope your day gets better!
our producer described us as Metallica meets Queens of the Stone age, we're okay with that haha
I had a good time at #MingleMondays. My brothers always take good care of me. I love you guys
#listofTurnons A great personality... Ha ha ha jk
"Ashton Kutcher playing Steve Jobs in a movie? That should be really good!" - absolutely no one on the fucking face of God's green earth!!!
your funny
TUNE IN Radio Freedonia on WTJU TONIGHT at 11pm as members of invade our studios to spin heady jams and talk nonsense
no excuses. just have to step up. a hockey team with their backs against the walls is a dangerous thing.
I already did
If you have a hangover today, it is the world's way of letting you know that you aren't really Irish.
Gordon Beckham swings at ball #4 & #5. Good job asshole...
no way! I'm not some low-class alcoholic! Pfffttt!
eh nothing good on tv tonight.
And at least we can all agree Aliens is great, even if it's not the favorite
Do you think the alternative slogan for "Getting Lucky in Kentucky" was "Let's F**k in Kentuck"?
Commitment to a big dream always brings reinforcements.
Awful busy today, can this wait till tomorrow?
Corruption is not necessarily tied to the people that make up the government, but the institution itself.
m good morning
well heck I,m so proud of you Sara your just so sweet & healthy I think your trending very well ..haha
You and the rest of your crew need to come to NYC and have a workshop :)
Ok then
Do not use a high-gloss glazed tile in rooms that are prone to get wet such as bathrooms or kitchens cuz of the slippery nature of this tile
I've been getting really good cod parking lately.
no, i forgot all about it. we should look into going next month though. i'm still interested too.
Thanks for sharing - have a great weekend
I would like to add turn off the light to that SHUT THE DOOR recording.
I would say the global message of all ads on this bus is "CONTROL" diabetes, terrorism & the flu. But then there's the #wmata ad.
still too much to do. sometimes i really want to just stay planted
Reading reading reading writing reading reading...
i would really love a king missle reunion show!
First night was cool! Seen my old hoes!! Had a great time👌!
21sr century librarian help people navigate info ecosystem; 20th century librarians were gateways to information.
sure, Wednesday?
#JustRemeberThat I will always be here for you no matter.. unless your a slut
This is a great site on #LGBT related news and the Arab world. Thank you for sharing
Been watching Parenthood on Hulu and it's been making me cry, though I was probably an easier target than usual today.
Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing. ~ Warren Buffett
My reaction to THE AVENGERS? I saw it 3 times on opening weekend and plan to see it again this weekend.
Thanks for the segment.
Need more creative thinking 2b successful in business according 2 D. Pink. Interesting 2 me b/c teach dyslexic kids.
We pride ourselves on customer service. How was your recent experience with ?
I have no shirt to put on today <
": Vision is not enough; it must be combined with venture. It is not enuff to stare up the steps; we must step up the stairs."
Coach payne is at my school.!
see I'm the chick that didnt think Robin hood prince of thieves was good either.
It s the one everybody disqualified, that God calls to the front of the line.
- What sort of items are you trying to have appraised? The link requires a login.
right? Inspiring on so many levels.
i will when i get home! <3
Got to agree w/ Bill on a broader level, tho I def listen to music from that TH period more often. Love Talking Heads!
": I call u hoe lol RT : Got blue dream in my blunt...wanna smoke" no you didnt
Got my trippy kit ready! Off to party with and !
Having to take a cold shower<<<
Just saw a Benz priced at $299,995, and thought, "Hm, one tire could probably pay for a year of UT for my son..."
man you are so beautiful ;)
My apartment seats 8 comfortably but there's not one person in their seat, standing room only!!! HOOK'EM HORNS!!!
currently listening to: Beatallica rehearsal demos....
Keep your hopes up high and your head down low
Lounicorn!!! You're using twitter! And playing the JCard game! I miss you!!!
Yep, same one!!
my mom hasnt given me and answer yet! :/ but I dont think it's going to happen, since I have finals all that week
I Think More Women Would Talk To You If You Stop Introducing Yourself As “Cool Breeze”
wow. Thats great. And yeah very fast. What do u like about Denver? Besides me. :-P
some of us appreciate the realness
#Cheeps 2 weeks in advance....
RT: “: Tonight: Heading to Juilliard (oh, fancy!) at 8 to hear trombonist 's recital.”
not sure if I told you but my bday was awesome. I'll try to write you soon or something.
i wanna see
Lol, I said this once and I'll say it again. That case sent bad messages to the world about abuse in general.
LeBron has to take the last shot...
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Announces First Quarter 2012 Financial Results Teleconference and Webcast
... Justin V. Plays 4 the " Detroit Tigers"
When you're stressed, You eat Ice cream, Cake, Chocolate & Sweets. Why? Because stressed spelled backwards is DESSERTS. Mind = Blown.”
I'm sorry....did you say something? ;-)
You may have history with her but you have chemistry with me.
And now I cry... because I understand now.
I say love, it is a hunger. An endless aching need...
UH YEAH SMH RT...do yall think its wrong to like other people while your in a relationship??
thanks :-) lol did you do the sonnet ?
I know me and are bout to! I need that 640 million haha
full night of sleep is a pipe dream anymore.
Happy birthday to sam and grace. 11 today and a blessing!
Its impossable to write a story during school when "You Da One" by is stuck in ur head!
Why was I soo tired today?
is that a pickle?!
RT Ditto! It's on mobile devices, too! I'll be watching on my iPad at the office!
Agreed! Gonna go crazy..
Primary elections are around the corner. We interviewed the mayoral candidates! Check it out at www.kylexingtoncommons.org
You're a little behind, its 5-2
and you kissed me like you meant it. and I knew, that you meant it.
Amazon doesn't pay taxes, preys on publishers, destroys the book industry. What else?
gotta be a center and guard.
Thanks for the folo and your common sense!
Spring has ARRIVED!!!
ok follow me too please
Off To School! :)
work, work, and more work
Find a fabulous fit TODAY, Saturday May 5: Shoes in women’s sizes 10.5-13 and men’s sizes 14-16 at 30-50% off regular prices.
You would copy us, copygram. You would. ;)
No Newt is good Newt? Not here yet. Lots of Palm Beachers.
don't we all ..
I wish I could've gotten it on video. The guy sounded like a horse.
Now off to see , Denise & Carly...gonna b a GR8 night w/ more GR8 friends who r really family too :)
Vincent IT completed eBook application for IOS to provide custom made book reader as Apple's app iBook. It has all features like iBook. One…
Loving everyone from this show and the show.
everything is most excellent! :)
Spray paint and fedoras. Must be time for Halloween in
I wonder if I have hw.....idk.....how can I check?????leaves me wondering
switch90 is one of many scammers.. beware!
Start your weekend off right!!!! 10% off by mentioning Twitter or FB at Mr.Bill's. Offer excludes cigars, tobacco products & Kratom.
It's just a jump to the left!
Anyone want to go skin up #alpental tomorrow?
#dhtrial someone said I think " was she happy" man emerged from the room who I saw with the parties earlier.
Such an early morning! wowza! result of bedtime at 11pm!..yes 7am is early for me...
Are you going to see Cinematic Titanic at this weekend? Valet park at Beta and stop in for a cocktail before the show!
if its not success, it didn't catch my eye. sawry.
Thank you Mr. Gordon! We hope to see some of your work in the festival this year.
Did you photo come yet? You would think if I got mine you'd have yours by now.
i love your chocolate and am inspired by your story.
There should be a coffee table book of the stuff people do to the posters in the subway station. Best pop art I've seen in yrs.
sorry can't help you on that
happy birthday!
I just ousted Obama as Mayor of Our Nation's Capitol
Bobby Light brings the heat!
#FromThisDayForward I shall go out into the world and make a change! No. I lied, I'm gonna continue stalking Justin on my computer.
Feeling inspired. Art time it is
I'm so sad bout Whitney.i want 2 say Gone too soon but i no: our steps are ordered by the lord.. whitney Elizabeth Houston - Well Done! RIP
the bulls game is on dog.
It's been good Tennessee... Heading to Florida tomorrow! Time to get my tan on :)
you are sending me the same message over and over
That's dope, she'll love it!
"And I will hide you when it gets too rough. I'll be right beside you."
Dang half of our City smells like delicious BBQ.
I will be on QA Sat--2pm?
Just arrived in Las Vegas. So excited for #ASW12!
Thanks for seeing it that way, instead of as a sign of creeping insanity... :)
thanks :D
Ain't Nobody Got Time For That....
gtg to damn skool...it should b an illegal form of torture
#NowPlaying My favorite “Zoe Wants to Sleep vs. The Nice Day” Only one can win!
#What2ChainzWouldSay My Phone I got mad hoes $$ Long Like a jews nose Got 10 Fingers & 10 toes yo Season Over Like Derrick Rose
aww your perfect. So perfect. ♥8
Would surprise me if UCLA can get Peterson from Boise St. for $3 mill a year considering he turned down same $ from Stanford a year ago.
good morning!
Trayvon's mom. Wow. What a courageous and admirable woman. My heart breaks for her.
#HappyMothersDay to my mom and all the beautiful angel mothers in heaven! Xoxo
bot to wake tha kids up!!!
Tomorrow's issue features a special eight page section for the 's 120th anniversary. You don't want to miss it!
hit his own trainer man! Heavy weight division needs something to light it up. This might be it
