Forgetting you is no easy thing, each night for me always ends the same.
at the MABPA luncheon for my internship networking and learning about the education challenges at both the k-12 and university levels
thanks for the follow! Have a great weekend with your little guys!
Snatching defeat from the jaws of victory (or the other way around) derived from a game just like this. Ugh.
I'm equipped with the best of Disney princess movies! 👑
Stop sub tweetin so we can box lol
bahahhaha shit would have been funny if he really said that lol
it IS erotica. But people have no idea what is in a lot of books these days.
what happened to u?
the winky face is making me think sarcasim
You too! Cheers :-)
Any time is a good time for cupcakes, my friend! I'm seizing the moment.
Thanks, Bryan. Would have enjoyed it, but spent a great weekend with old friends. Maybe next time. Glad it was a good one!
why not bro?
If Google had *really* blacked out all of its services in protest, now THAT would be a statement
A6: actually thought sports was slow to adopt. Entertainers were quick to embrace e.g. Jimmy Fallon
Had any one heard any thing on drew
Give me one more follower and I'll follow one more person....I hate uneven numbers. Sounds silly but I'm dead serious.
Is Doris your constant?
That packs up my schedule though :p oh. my. god.
Dear God! My eyes! But I still love you.
Matt, theres a 25% chance this falling #satellite hits Fred Smoot; he covers the 25% of earth not covered by water
needs to post that pic.
I want pink denim!! Totally have been on the hunt.
#Depression mode activate...
have a great day! and thanks again for extra
In the basement of the Historical Society. Love these quiet corners surrounded by dusty pages. Researching: Beaver Magazine, 1934-45
“: RT : Chaz Bono to be grand marshal at 2012 " so proud of you!
lets do it manager man!
Not sure its worthy of that ringing endorsement, but thanks!
Damn! Rainbow In The Dark, yo.
happy bday ugly
yes you should lol
Happy Earth Day!
Some hippie thing about trees or some shit?
My reaction to each new episode of Downton Abbey remains pretty much the same: "Poor Mr. Bates!" And also: "Where the f**k is Lady Sybil!?"
just saw this tweet....I guess ricky martin likes me too
I turned it off in the third inning. It's easy w/ no
AND I gotta get up early and get this work done in the morning smh
Im very comfortable in my skin. . All my gfs saw me butt naked b4, becuz I dnt care & I use to flash them ctfu
Great book! Also, thanks for the great set of music this year at One of the fest's highlights for me.
yeah I can't wait to write letters :D and that's an awesome saying just like
I think they made a song about that thing that your doing
I wussnt n the mood two beqin with then my fuckinq dad makes it worse I had two qet the fuck away from him.!
NFL Draft... Got my mock set up.
thanks Jamie. Still have to seal the deal on one of them though haha.
I was hoping #TheSecretCircle wouldn't get cancelled it was my favorite show on TV. Wish it could be on another network. :(
oh my gawd! Too much cute-ness!
Appreciate the FF Alex!
My girls' new favorite app on my iP is Bee Bot. They will patiently & with great perseverance work through all of the programming levels.
Congrats on finishing. Where are you going to teach?
I know huh? Lol. They are nothing without the little people.
RT : Where you at Houston we're right down the road in Pearland at the Badfish Bar & Grill! COME PARTY!!!
6 adaptations to the education labor model that schools can use to improve learning and save money. See my New Schools VF preso for more.
Going to be getting my horn cleaned today! Been kind of stressing with things again, trying to feel better. How is everyone today?
New song: a thousand years, christina perri (really hit close to my heart )
How balming is that, for everyone?! Weepifyingly. And then celebrate moms all the more.
hopIng you'll do some special guest coahing appearances at BTBC ;)
Eventually, I guess you find out who people really are
It was the greatest. Green, with yellow letters. I think the league has switched colors to white and navy blue now :)
Karmin aggravates me.
Ah yeah, I was referring to the corporate-speak style one, not a reference to the toilet.
Retailers can also prompt people across media with an exclusive offer to them which can then be measured at checkout
I do that twice a day tops!!!!
In the little box on my profile it gives people who are similar to me: (Yayy!:) (...... yay?)
time to visit the church of fitness... the gym.
when will you be in NY?
For God's sake, don't turn around. Uh oh!
You flying out tomorrow, right?
Utah-made rocket motors to power new space system
yeah it was! I think he thought he was invisible!
Retweet if you're thinking about retweeting this tweet :D lol.
Headed to the Cricket store to get a hustler phone
Does anyone know a truckload carrier that will move household goods, or a good van line??? I had to fire my moving company, and need to fi…
RT : Which is better ? Sex or Food ?<< Sex but since I'm celibate till marriage food totally does it for me.
When guys lead you on but then you realize that they tell a lot of the girls they talk to, the exact same thing they say to you..
But it's wednesday, baby why you calling?
We love the Moon. RT : Hey, Raleigh peeps, check out the Isis moon right now. It is amazing.
he was awesome with the orange men
RT : Countless waves, honks in support of #farm #workers, Fair #Food from the ppl of
It is pretty hard to figure out how to delete stuff in Sharepoint, I have to say.
it's just one thing ! haha
I was really busy this week. what about you folks?
Add bananas into the mix and see what happens.
Don't blame me for that speech last night! Barack changed up some of the syntax and his cadence was WAY off! Plus the teleprompter was slow!
Nothing like eating oreos and milk while watching a movie on a Wednesday :)
Can't wait to hear President, speak at BIS 2011! We are sure it is going to be an amazing event!
And forcing a free man to sit still in a room is usually considered evil. Unless he's in prison?
I am a hair stylist and we lost our water, not power. I called the nearest salon and asked if I could use there sink.
I am keeping Time Warner. You are already ripping off fans with outrageous ticket prices. I guess I'll root for the Brooklyn Nets
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars. - Gary Allen
thanks jo :) been crazy but very exciting!!
~ for show! Great performance !
I'm gonna pee my pants when I hear #GladYouCame on glee tonight!
We invite everyone to visit the wonderful, wonderful on 45 Bond Street to sample authentic Catalan food in NYC
Oh , love how you just tweeted a photo doing Edward 40hands like it's it no big deal. Standard.
Now watching Garden State. There are so many just really deep scenes in this movie Great Story scripting Cinematography never gets old
Why can't Jon Gruden be like he is on QB Camp on MNF? I like him joking & rippin guys not gushin over how great everyone is.
Shake that healthy butt
If I hung out with Dale Thayer and Cole Hamels, I could see Cole trying to kick a cat for fun and Dale like, "hey, dude, no. Cats are cool."
that it's all a fantasy. But now that the lines have been drawn and "reality" is starting to permeate the
Sunday night celtics and your boy?
Not like u could've checked validity of photo before ruining ur credibility commenting on it
There is a reason my Senior year high school quote was a Biggie lyric.
Ninja Warrior is at #FIU and I forgot my ninja gear!
well, that is definitely a bonus. but it's the spice house!
yeah that's true too...
Then how come I'm not making $507,540 a year?
Cannot wait to talk to my babe tonight(: most exciting part of my day.
We will thrive if Jumpstart stays the course. We must make bigger investments in programs like Jumpstart DC.
1916 rebel music...
Austin already follows me
nope, I had to miss that one, but i'm glad to be coming back!
it is nt dat serious... Cut it out...
How well do you feel your sales and marketing depts communicate?
na Camerons best one is in his dads office with tight jeans flannel shirt and a cowboy hat lmafo!!
My cold abated enough for me to return to the gym this morning!
Today: Intl. Paper Session-hear about successful literacy initiatives in libraries around the globe. Hilton Riverside-Rosedown,1:30pm
The blade there begins as a deadly rollerderby weapon and becomes a part of her. She becomes her own signature weapon.
bruh.. the one TRU key of wisdom in a relatioship is..
wow!!! yes it is sunny and very warm lol...when does it warm up there?
it's about TIME. love the show. ok.
Zimmerman arrested?
he's ADORABLE
Don't forget about our free custom guitar strap giveaway. Go to www.guitstripsguitarstraps.com to enter
#bednarz Like the 3-part approach. L to R good idea. Good use of color coding.
Who else is watching Terminator Judgement Day??!!
The should have voted off Jessica "Beaver Teeth" Sanchez & J-Lo from American Idol!
I Capture the Castle (Dodie Smith). Eccentric family in 1930s, teen narrator, by author of 101 Dalmatians
pierre retarded!
In my opinion Scott has one of the best voices period!
Day off. What to do?
MT : Amid hoopla re: TIME cover, I was most struck by the fact that they still publish TIME! Imagine. [that's where I am LOL]
Thanks, Mason! We had fun! RT : was fantastic at tonight. So much fun.
Fully functioning Hospital Floor and st floor walls up in Poccent Virtual Hospital
RT : #utilities should sponsor an interface that lets you pass marginal savings on energy to social causes via Facebook
I'm hillarious I swear lmao
Yeah, but does he have the hair for it? Its all about the hair when you go Travolta.
Sorry! That was a total faux-pas. I got momentarily desperate in a moment of PM low blood sugar. FroYo for everybody!
3-3 #GOPACKGO get some of this.Clay sack Eli twice.Bring it.
#partay, indeed! Can't wait!
"I made John Mayer a star and created Uranus"
I'm going on a run & if isn't at my house by the time I'm done my #crazygfprobz are gonna kick in & I'm gonna punt a small child.
Trying to understand why I attract all of the whack jobs.... What did I do to deserve this??? My karma should be good
Use scar creams like Keloid Care after a surgical procedure to help avoid keloids.
Upward Motion Personal Training brings ‘Weight Loss Coaching’ program to the weight loss battle in Albuquerque.
Check it our Who
Will do!
Um.... #SMASH ???? That finale was #themost and not in a good way
The weak ass Lakers wants no problems with KD. Period.
Let's go New York Football Giants!
Better than when we improvise like we're the only one who has a script.
took our age difference into account and decided to upgrade me, not A humane company :-)
not really but yeahh
First draft FINISHED! Party dance, party dance!
One time I got trapped INSIDE my prof's office because the door knob fell off when the door shut behind me.
Obviously, she's never been on #Howell Mountain. Her comments are an indication of what she has been "smoking" not drinking!
not too late to win Tix to Summer Social 8/24! be rewarding community leaders for feedback. bit.ly/rhPsFt
The world according to Mitt: "President Obama didn't create 249,000 net new jobs. He just made them worse."
my stomach feels like its about to explode!
If you would read your email u could have called in an order or just given me your cc. Have u finished your wine list yet?
LOVE the bubble wrap on !!!
You are gorgeous and I love you very much!
Thank you for the follow d00ds!!Digging the sound as well ,keep it up:)
got ya babe
any info we can find on the Yowie ancient past legends articles or news websites etc we can read up on?
no you don't. and be quiet!
Looks like ABC is the winner
Just kinda wondering how the US - the largest arms dealer in the world - can with a straight face try an arms dealer ...
You charged me just to check my balance at an ATM? Goodbye , I've had enough of your horrid service.
Roses were a "no show" at the Rose Garden during last year's Rose Festival...different story this year. Next on 11pm
LOL...have I ever told you that you crack me up? I did eventually haul myself out of bed. Make myself useful? Debateable!
thank you! Well catch up son
just finished watching the last ep of #gameofthrones It makes me want to learn to use a sword little the little girl :D
nice I miss my pool @ the apartments.
??? I don't get it. Maybe I missed the photo. Hope everyone is okay. I like that you visit Station North so much.
PLEASE tell me you saw the last #Revenge !
#ItGetsBetter, but we have to keep fighting for the progress!
GM randy
I was listening to Delorean and thinking "wow, this is bad." But their songs make me happy and want to dance. :D
Also and I just disagree on whether guilt justifies lynching but I still feel morally obligated to say it doesn't.
Where's my mistresses <33
Good morning!
Worry about tomorrow just enough to be moving toward your goals. Worry about how much effort you put in today for everything you do!
i've never seen it happen at this scale, Twitter is against it in their TOS. It's obv not illegal...
After yesterday's loss to the Twins, the Brewers are 9-8 and still in third place in the AL East.
thanks for the feed on the mixtape bro preciate it
Darn. Boston has a ferry to the airport as part of its metro system. And I took the lame subway. So ist das leben.
Nine Inch Nails = NIN and Jane's Addiction = JA put them together and it is the NINJA tour as they are touring together
I love you :)
Can i use your wireless?
I'm watching hills have eyes and I thought I saw you in it singing the star spangled banner!! So weird.
AHAHAHA.. miley cyrus is just one freaky little girl!
Follow me back? ;)
not having to put up with peoples shit & complains , there negativity & bringing you down . I HATE my life and ending it sounds like i would
I can't wait to lol.
Getting very busy! Send over your rush orders. No extra charges. Rush Orders Normal Turn Around: 4hrs. Email:
☼ Keep true to the dreams of thy youth. Friedrich von Schiller
#CATDADDY + #CLUCK = HEAVEN
Only a few more hours until the madness begins. Wherever you are, let the Hoosiers feel your energy!
o thats incredible- i will def start working on it- is it possible to have him send me the lyrics- if not thats fine-
Perfect day for yard work. Not too hot or cold. Not too sunny or cloudy. Another nice KY day.
RT : Complete this sentence: My favorite spot on a ship to watch sailaway is _______.
The relationship in a story can lead to more meaningful learning
I'm loving it @ wk watching Norfolk St. do their thing beating Mizzou
let's move back Cal!
shoes or chocolate covered strawberries lol. They r yummy huh. U got vday dinner too. J missed out.
Every time I see that car commercial with Braxton and his confidence I laugh
“: I think I wanna go to O.A.R. concert, but I don't listen to em enough.” You will have a BLAST if you go. Guaranteed.
Bergen Record: Kids get ready for camp & homesickness issues in The Record 4/14. Discusses book, Bug Bites & Campfires by Frank J Sileo PhD.
"Be who you are and say what you feel. Those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind."
hey girl you dressing up for Halloween???
Pacific joining West Coast Conference, leaving Big West. WCC will now have 10 teams.
Thank you!
great! Gn sweetheart.
wow really? Seems like they would "bee" everywhere haha. His body was as big as half my thumb!
CLUB ALLSTAR TONIGHT
1/2 price taco salad today from 5-10 and Bongo tonight at 9:30! $$, prizes and beer!!
Going to sleep because I'm upset and when I'm upset I sleep.
I am sad an unhappy with things that are happening in my life right now but,greatful for my life .
that is great you got more points off Coach Remen, he is a hall of famer and an awesome racquetball player.
God morning!!!!! Happy Friday :)
forget that last tweet
. with offseason program, doubt Shields isn't back to where he was year 1 and hopefully improved.
he wanted me to walk him, feed him and pay attention to him!
Virginia Street Bridge Design Review Committee starting -- choosing recommendations for aesthetics to recommend to public and city council.
damn false alarm
Museums on Us>>Free admission for Bank of America card holders during the first Saturday and Sunday of each month.
Santa ate all the pizza we left out and left us a stocking of sausage! Merry Christmas pizza lovers!
RT : This Thursday, mention APA while dining at any of Mama Fus restaurants they'll make a donation to the "no-kill" cause
why run to the internet & talk about people when you can just address that person face-to-face ?
YOU KISSED MY HAND(:
we're promoting in new york this week, hows new york this time of year? what you think about Caliburr Records?
so if i keep speaking that truthful ish....i could br the young oprah
A cool grand!!!
Stop living in a fantasy world people. At the end of the road of life your fantasy life means nothing, just time wasted.
No Problem.!(:
Band Practice tonight. Love it !
At an actor networking event and Dog The Bounty Hunter is outside! Phew, I just slipped through! :) he is a big little guy!
Sounds great, in theory. Could be just a bunch of laser hair and salons.
Only getting 3 hours of sleep <<< #damn 
we're running into problems with audio and powering down
Two 1hr sessions of negotiation...I'm done.
#BestHorrorMovieDeath The Leprachaun when the pot of gold is inside the old dudes stomach.
To be fair of course, #stlblues underlying numbers phenomenal this yr. LA 3-0 lead still surprising even if teams closer than seed indicates
Lately, PETA has made me want to go back to eating meat on principle.
i'm fine. just tired of riding in a car.
Last day to post a video telling us why you'd go Mad for an iPad for your chance to win an iPAD 2! 4pm is the deadline
RT NOT one to read in public! Needs brown paper cover
is AWESOME! He IS the winner of The Voice!:)
I think this might be love.
Is about to do some homework
and you suck. Onto coffee number 2..
bless up Goddess
IT´S OFFICIAL! has partnered with the to bring you the best program to date! Join us before tickets sell out!
Post instant location-based classifieds on our free app & update SD on your happenings! We can show you tomorrow @ 57degrees
JSCre8tions , create a memory not a dream ! THE BRAND COMING SOON!! #FREE your mind now
Last night with Sad
soon as we solidify our director dates will be announced, but most likely early to mid fall: )
#dolphins Still deserve lap dances on me ....... Or with me ;)
SUCKS....GOTTA WRK TMRRW...DAMN WISH I CLDA WENT TO DA 'A' WIT MY SUPERMAN...DAMN..GOTTA MAKE DIS $$$$
Haha Dammit she may be right but I also got pictures to back up my point at least.
Third place secure for the Arsenal. Sun shines just a little brighter today, friends.
My sentiments exactly! Heart of the order RT : Remember when you felt confident with Crow coming in? That was awesome.
Sick of stress.
Cool. I want to see it!
"The most lasting Honors of All are those which your own Family Bestows on You." --O. A. Battista... I am so Very Grateful for My Family:)
Bastyr University is opening a San Diego campus this Fall! I want to work there in winter. I could start up a Detox deliv biz for you?
Tree of Life wins Palm d'Or!!!!!!!!!!!! Happiest Palm d'Or decision in years!
I meant baited
Andre Miller has the most stealth lob pass in the league. I bet he could sucker punch you before you knew you were hit.
Looking forward to seeing on
RT I miss house music. You can only listen to "the Irish rover" a few times.
Wade Phillips = dead man walking
Very proud, Janet, and I will indeed say hello to Norm and Elaine from you. Hope you are well.
&#9755; Great Deals on Computer Speaker Camera Protect your Liberty
The real problem with QR codes is that you don't know what to expect, a website? FB page? What will be on it, ads?
We still have 60 left! Hurry and grab your coupon code before they're all gone! www.blastoffnetwork.com/deal.aspx
MERRY CHRISTMAS hun
that early morning text was meant for my cousin abt church!!! Hope I didn't wake u! Show me love :-)
in multiple ways!
(JaclynNorth), thanks for following us on Twitter!
What's happening what's up got Gatorade n my cup! All day marketing baby #fashion #dope threads
Will totally get more details to the email addy! At a marketing conference for the next 3 days so it might be a bit delayed. ;)
everyone should read those torture memo Bush Cheny Rumfeld were having psychological moments what happen to manhood the law has been broken
So happy to be home!
bro...you CAN'T be serious. That's just insult to injury...
a Stanford boy with all them gators lol
Ha RT : Rams take CB Janoris Jenkins with 39th pick in the draft. Will Jeff Fisher call him "Pac-Man Jr."?
"Art is dangerous. It is one of the attractions: when it ceases to be dangerous you don't want it." Duke Ellington, born 4/29/1899.
I agree 82% is low. Abstract mentions " women are more likely to friend based on knowing someone in real life", so males r 2 blame?
get behind me, Satan!
hello there. Lol
Andre Miller looks like a bunny 
Wisconsin's Groundhog Day (ala Bill Murray) ends when Walker is ousted. We'll finally quit reliving hate and oppression each day.
Admittedly, not yet, but in 10-15 years we'll probably all be wearing Web 4.0 social, battery-charging iThongs.
Ready to have a great night 🍺🍸
hand is by far raised. :-)
: Oh my. In a weird way though, it does make me miss the Lincoln Park Trixie Society… Reminds me of "Chad"
what's up with the color on the screen?
Then We Buy Fajitas.. Anbd invite Ray.. Cuz he Said " NO FAJITAS.. WE LIKE TACOS"
We're hoping to get a pitch spot one of these days.. stay tuned!
Oh my god. I think my neighbors bought a karaoke machine.
yeah thats very true.
Anthony Bourdain makes sense about Paula Dean,cold to come out after 3 years when you have an endorsement deal.Just true!
yeah, that's a little weird. Are you sure the site still exists?
I can't do #BandsILove in only one tweet. Need more than 140 characters for that.
Attended the national convening of families and advocates working to end life without parole for juveniles in DC
82 Americans are killed by gunfire every single day. Today over 80 families are mourning a death that could have been prevented.
was, yet again, wearing running shorts and a vneck. Good day, good day.
That makes two of us--good luck and have fun!
Lovin the sun:)
we put subtitles on a film and thats how they spell it, and shes says it all the time and you typed it horrible.
I just saw a lady wearing a shirt that said "Swagga Mom"
Candle lovers you gotta see these! Hottet new thing in candles!
Have you heard about Coloci? www.coloci.com?
nahh, i have a box of pizza with me
of is the highlightnof #aapindie w NYT Bk of Wine & the World Atlas of Beer & Wines of Southern Hemisphere
My parents left me home alone again this weekend. o:
Justin & Beliebers Justin
I will give u guys a task next week! For now, we have to try to get the page to 1,200 :)
I-I love like a love song baby. ♥
Jorge's big camera has moisture issues. Not currently working.
ever play axis and allies?
my house!
Paul Gatza has the most glorious unironic Kenny Powers mullet I've ever seen.
Its hot
Throwing your cigarette butt on the ground or into the harbor still counts as littering FYI
6 days left to be a part of CONSUMERS. After that, you're just a consumer.
-So Excited for you!!! Big things love! xox
Pretty bitches can only get in my posse
javier of corse
what's going in at i4 -hwy 27 west bound off ramp
They have quiet cars? That is like a study in the lunch room. You are in an 100 ton vehicle with 150 decibel horn.
Do something today you've never done before.
are you our presentation leader.??? Because I know Bradley isn't lol
Be The Change In Your City! Follow us and let us know what needs to be done to better your city, we need to hear your voice
Badging (recognition) for product review writers increased # reviews by 5x at one co. -
Totally agree. Let's every player and coach they will be held accountable.
The Aquifer tonight, dj Kaoss and myself in the mix.....
the message you just sent me changed my whole mind about you
adding different layered sections, so that no all are doing the same thing!
I agree with you! Really cool idea, and so nicely done.
Oh what a day when we unite as one - Bob Marley - Beautiful morning!! :)
TRS welcomes the 2012 New York / New Jersey Superbowl!
Watching a doc on photographers of National Geographic. I want that job.
Can't beat this stupid cold and day or night quil is not working or musinex.....I need help dang it!!
*waves* Quiet in the archae lab, students off for holiday week. Wishing a muse would inspire me back to creative writing.
I wish 2Pac was alive...I just wonder what kinda fire he would be spittin' today .
“: lilq824 Plus they haven't finalized their AHL contract yet with the Hershey Bears..” Forgot about that..
Happy Valentine’s Day! We ❤ every single one of you!
also, CAN WE TRAVEL TOGETHER ALREADY. gah.
Outlook for 2012 for San Diego. Cautiously good. Weak growth, new jobs added, but still 9% unemployment. Gin.
had an informative and productive meeting with one of newark's finest this afternoon Thanks for your commitment to our efforts
working on a new track
Maybe it was an accident, sure, but if it wasn't it was a selfish thing for him to do.
I want to live the healthiest life possible.I want to feel great. I want to be strong and look and feel good.
I am hyper but tired. Weird!!!
And thank you! Hope you're having a wonderful week :-)
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. - Lily Tomlin
I just realized I have ONE day till my bday.... WTF
Would you watch if I was in it? And have you taken a practice test yet? Let me know if you need anything while studying.
Listening to a mixture of bands(System Of A Down,Rancid and A7x) while drinking pepsi. Then cant wait for raw to come on at 9:)
It's 5:18 am maybe I should consider going to bed at some point.
Lovely to be on bike today in 70 sunny degrees
i love the way you make me feel about myself ! luv ya austin ...
You know you have too much to do at work when you can't focus on your book during break cuz of all the stuff when you get back.
I hate Lou Williams, he is on par with nick young in the basketball iq department #Sixers #
RT : There are 90 events happening in 42 countries, during the wknd of Universal Children’s Day Nov 19 - 21 for
Sitting outside on a bench at lunch, lady sits down next to me, despite plenty open benches around, then lights a cig in my face! SO RUDE!!!
BLACK is beautiful
Lance Armstrong called (via Twitter) the TT route “EPIC” from the Tour of Italy. Most of this course is on a virtual cycling DVD from GR
Hello and team at on Boylston St, Boston. You always amaze me with your passion for the bean :)
Bitches beefing, that's cool just give me mine w/ red wineweda_beautyiconwe
Today Jesus died for me and my sins! Today I live for Him!
Ugghh bleach spilling in your trunk is no bueno :-(
Oh how I empathize. You free on 4/21 at all?
yea but its a fact lol no1 will ever top an adele song! And thts an FACT.
New movie idea: Man wakes up...Man goes to sleep...Can someone say Oscar?
can you please email your question to ? thanks!
Can you guess which famous celebrity our chef cooked for back in the day (hint: he lived in L.A.)
Al Bundy is a true American hero
oh no Sue, that's no good! I haven't been on much so hadn't spotted you missing
is contemplating the necessary apparatus to get a penguin airborn.
RT There's no "creative" way to arrange 29 sponsor logos. Let it go, walkathon t-shirt designer.
I finally caved in at the suggestion of my fellow Don G cast members and am now playing draw something. I'm Akloc. Start a game!
Introducing our new and improved AEGIS GlassHandlers! These “cups” feature an ergonomically-designed, lighter handle that gives you...
According to this infographic, the need for speedy information has made Americans quite impatient. 50% of mobile users abandon the page...
I only check my voicemail to get rid of that annoying little icon
Welcome to twitter. I just joined on Wednesday. Apparently all the cool kids are doing it.
Wait til you hear what did with Record is amazing!! If you don't know Itch you aren't nearly as plugged in as u think
That's cause you're not a lady
Orange & purple ftw
I'd like to know if any of my followers are my age or older. So 17 or older...
im finna get a bike when i get back
it as porn and lol cats what else could you need
Joe's a good QB, just not the best.
Do I win anything for matching one number on my mega millions ticket? Ha.
yeah* not tag haha
Good friends don't let you do stupid things...alone.
I received my vogue catalog & there is a white pants outfit in there, I want to make into a skirt it awesome
i don't think the maintenance he's citing would include all re-landscaping after unforseen events like a line break
“: #Bullsfam who is your favorite all time #Bulls player? Favorite all time #NBA player?” RODMAN
haha, I submitted that update a little over a week ago actually.
trying to decide what to do next
Man harley davidson be makin some clean choppas..but I think I'm to tall for a motorcycle
Soo My Crush Is Going Out With The Shortest Girl In The 8th Gradee -.-
A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost
Have you created a profile on www.knowledgesafari.com? Connect w/others, read/write reviews & more!
hey umm what type of info you need me to give you for my prize.
Sometimes when I use other people's computers, I forget they don't have Greek set as one of their languages...
we aren't worried about you stepping up :) #mux is gonna be lucky to have you.
"The Roots of Obama's Rage"--Read it, today!
lol when should we hang out?
GOODMORNING WONDERFUL PPL ON OUR TL!
Tough loss last night, but a great effort by Manny Harris, DeShawn Sims and the rest of the team!
haha well congratz, do i get an invite to the wedding?
Snails are moving faster than me today. I blame the ice cream cake.
thx mane for those words
Pretty good day back at Hco. Glad I can get that cash coming in!
just found your stuff. Awesome. Props.
I follow
Come visit UNMC College of Public Health booth today!
Closing night! 8pm!
u got it. we need ta kick it again
Is that Eric Cartman chanting "Go Kings Go"?
That iHop hit the spot. Shopping around waterfront.
You can now borrow preloaded e-readers at the !
Call me, We'll talk. :D
thank god for that@!
god I miss playoff anything in cleveland so much
unless someone witnessed the guy hitting my car, I'm SOL. CMPD said he was only knocking on your door; thought it was his home
You, too! Thank you!
Come on dude. Lmao.
And congratulations!! Yay, babies!!
Soo ready for summer :)
hey fellow tarheel fan I talk to you.BH
I'm not an adventurous eater. My mom ate pickled pig's feet for lunch; I had to hold down the vomit. #grossfoods #pleasedon'teatinfrontofme
responsible for what she asks?
Who the HELL is THIS!? #weet!
Welcome to my world. I'm doing accounting, in between my social media addiction. Ps. I got some dates in July, too.
NHL playoff OT games are just wild. Sometimes they go until 2 AM; other times they last as long as
wish i was at
Just about busted my butt in mr ogles room from the sweat off 's Camelback!!
RN, MBA. Extensive healthcare analyst background. Certified in EPIC OpTime with Perioperative charting, certified in 2 interface engines
NEW MUSIC!!! "GO LOVE" youtu.be/upYf4UPM4oo
I'm going to #lollapalooza !!!!
Thanks so much dear! You're awesome. <3 you too!
"Make Better Mistakes Tomorrow" was one of my favorite & most inspiring reads- but this claim is pushing it, even tarnishing it
Being a cavs fan u gotta be stupid to think that I'm rooting for the knicks
yeah it is the facts. If things continue based on past results I see 10yrs and my weak heart is going to stop.
Birthday shoutout to ... One year closer to the good life! I owe you a drink and a dessert!
Keep at it, you'll get them!
my husband want you to look at our desktop.
text me back, fool!
wanna hear a joke? :)
I want to visit some time.
YES! I had to check.....I need to get them soon
funny thing, I'd call in to work for a spurs game...but I wouldn't skip class. Is that weird?
Ah it looks like the queue starts around 400 concurrent requests?
My dad went to park to play disc golf. Home alone
“Success is uncommon, therefore not to be enjoyed by the common man. I’m looking for uncommon people” Coach Stoll-Tony Dungy's college coach
so can we now call our LBs the "Trojans of the Tundra"?
When chasing cars plays when denny dies in greys is perfect 
I need your spring class schedule ASAP!
I love sashimi!
. . .and here's the rain. Big lightning, too! Poor puppy, but happy garden.
do you mean NO clause?
i smell like oranges.
I don't want to leave! I love being home :)
yea...touchdown!!
I see that #spark inside you.
Days like today make me wish I had a motorcycle
Though I suppose if they have a good enough season, the tickets will be easy enough to sell.
I hope E. Tangradi will have a big game and Simon Despres will show why he SHOULD be in the lineup all the time. Lets Go Pens!
Yup! There it is!
arrest count up to 13, one fought with police
Sometimes u have to talk quieter to see whos really listening
Expert advice & property and casualty solutions from Linton & Associates can protect what you have worked so hard to build. 505-247-1530
One of these things is not like the other: Scott Rolen & Babe Ruth tied for 48th all-time in doubles. #Brewers cruising 8-3 in bottom 8th
Yipes!! *GULP!* RT : Gotta be Bastardo or Papelbon. Has to be an injury, or Savery wouldn't be eligible to return.
i want another round.
Why can't the #RedSox have a game where every aspect of the game plays well....
The Constitution which is the highest law in the US defines blacks as 3/5th of a human. Is it a surprise that they kill us with impunity?
Unofficially yours...officially great movie!
An ounce of practice is worth more than tons of preaching. -
who's ready for some #contagiousbehavior tonight at and with very special guest throwing down another killer set
Love it when Tweeters say they are going "off the grid."
WHO WANTS MY NUMBER?
I bet I can safely ignore any tech article whose title starts with a number.
you can pick them up at any point today. The east box office is open right now.
Being lied to, cheated on and having my heart broken, makes it harder to trust people, believe in and or fall in love.
To sign up for the new recycling carts in Decatur, email . Starting 4/1, you won't have to sort your stuff!
USF heading into overtime with Syracuse. Huge second half for the comeback to tie Let's go Bulls!
Listened to a podcast and discovered one of my favorite comedians went to the same junior college as me.
Btw, every picture I post of a tattoo has been done by me! :)
love and miss you summer time were hangin even if I have to get a job at McDonald's for a day
Dex: Dogs vs. kids: puppies grow up into dogs, which rule. Kids grow up into horrible horrible ADULTS who listen to Coldplay. Dogs win again
Wasn't even considering it
small business marketing on the rise at Talkbiznow.com.
Well here we go
Nigg ian in no rush and it.pop Up on mi fone
That's exactly the nightmare I was afraid of!
cracks me up when I see some people who went to my hs act all "gangsta" or hard or whatever...geez hun we are from Clarksville get over it
the only harness she fits in is a kitten harness lol, at least for now until she gets a bit bigger
They're talking about there being a better way of life and how we shouldn't be so focused on this life�there's another world.
no worries. Easy to be fired up about hoch
Thanks for a great brunch event in support of !!
What A Joke. You Don't Even Have A Working Phone Number.
Karaoke Wednesday 2night @ Seven Ultra Lounge 1270 N. Milwaukee 7pm-12am FREE entry, $4 & $5 drinks, no dress code & crazy fun!
Iv been sick for almost a week!! So lame.
RT if you relaxing at home. -- Destini .✯ ()
. , -- I guess I've caved to peer pressure? via
Local organization that supports HIV/AIDS patients needs volunteers - KVOA Tucson News Local organization that supports HIV/AIDS patients
I can't agree with you more!
Be prepared to answer "What have you been up to?" every time you audition. Include life info and career info
wateva it is,u deserve it ...cool
Destroyer's use of alto sax is the realization of my fears with respect to Bon Iver's "Beth/Rest"
It has begun. Visit www.plazaclassic.com.
We meet people to serve a purpose in each others lives. Be wise on what you choose to accept!
Congrats to who won a pair of #RedSox headphones in our giveaway!
": congrats! How'd u do?" Thanks! 1:52:54 in the half. It was windy!
thanks for the follow - look forward to tweeting with you!
So proud to be apart of the #belieber family!
#TheBestFeeling is being in a relationship where you know you're not being taken for granted, and they feel the same for you as you do them.
Thanks Buzz Williams for your clarification and self serving comments tonight..Good to know.Didnt know u had to get ahead of it # marquette
yea o was thinking the same thing lol I just accepted the gift and smiled :-)
#florida in 2 days :)
*Yawn* give me somethin else to argue about
Need a window cleaning estimate? Residential or commercial. I will keep it affordable and I will keep it simple. DM me.
I seldom reply to DM's, you gotta be fine as hell lol
Share an example of how you seek out & act on both internal & external feedback.
Angels what the bleep are you doing....dumbasses
The value of books are declining! Reason being...Amazon allows people to post for sale books at .01 cent; some books are worth more than...
and isn't it kind of effed up that NOW when u hear it u be like "that's that song from 'The Cosby Show' episode"???
The writer just doesnt get why this is an injustice.
❤ That awkward when you read "moment" yet it was even there 😄 (;
Dropping my grandma off to the airport.
I just used some NDC in my BanKeurig! Cooperative Drank? M taste the polymers!
#NorthCarolina the owner was not regarded as having committed a crime, because -- after all -- the slave was his property
But We Already Knew The Tour Was Coming So Its Not That Wow They Could Have Tweeted that But I Aint complaing
check your email
Listening to Phoenix. (:
our baby sister shes 5 her name is Alana dnt u got hella guys in ur fam? Ours is mostly girls
is in Chicago today !! Too bad I'm in school & only 200 people get too meet them UH
IN DA LAB!
Salsa Wednesdays is so much fun! Really thankful for this event! People dance, drink & truly enjoy themselves...
ooh ok ah u have a sweet mom. Feel better
Jessa: "So you want to go out to eat? And spend money?" Casey: "Yes. I cut my nails today and I'm feeling purdy."
“My faith comes by hearing, and hearing by Your word, God.” - Romans 10:17
Hey Ashley, sorry it's taken us a while to get back to you. We'll get on it ASAP.
Let's do some shows this Summer..Let me know Seattle, Eugene, Ashland? Bay? LA? SD? holler at me AZ? let's go!
It's #FF time! Suggest to your friends on Twitter for a chance to win a free copy of the #RethinkAfghanistan DVD.
Wait egyptians used to hunt ostriches? Are they native to egypt or did they import them?
Hope everything goes well this weekend at #veida12 Shabbat Shalom!
To all those attending #Avengers this weekend, remember to REMAIN SEATED during the credits for a great lil' something afterwards!
what are the options to pick up the tickets from you? Also, in advance, Thank you!!!
Indian Massacre in Orlando-available at Smashwords.com today!!!!!
always down... Only thing is I have bronchitis :(
Hm...GoogleDocs thinks I don't have permission to access your new survey (either from Reader or your web page).
Clyde Stubblefield's health is fading. He lives in Madison, WI. Reach out 2 him, yall have benefitted.
So My Graduation Gift to Myself is..... Is A Belly Button Piercing. So Excited.
A lack of sleep leads to a "stream of unconsciousness" Thanks cc
Kush only (no sticks no seedz)
I'm like y am I so irritated right now
noble work you do at #Ford! Yes, I'm on Linkedin.
My state rates 48th out of the nation in school proficiency so I'm glad for this option. Try my darnest not to be goofy. :)
Acknowledgement for good work or coming to work? Big difference
Kobe better player, Tim Duncan better career
I'm fitn' get on the floor and bust wide open.
ha I would but I'll be working the fair
referred to Newt's three marriages as a "hat trick." Beautiful.
you can be my fire man any day ;)
Got any leads I can follow up on? My email is Thanks!
Please DM him my twitter name!!!!!!!!111
Happy Hour in the D with
You are amazing and alive (in every sense of that word)! Love to you!
I am so excited, it's gorgeous. I kind of want to steal a copy for myself.
“: I think it's funny how many people have asked if we set a date yet..." I know the feeling! Next: "Do you have your dress?" :/
Who forgive and forget!
It takes guts to get out of the ruts. ~ Robert H. Schuller
Viva Puerto Rico! Viva Cotto! You did a great job papa!
On my way to the NYC Gamewatch. Go ! Beat the Bobkittens!
#LT And no boyfriend, not that I'm used to that xD
Big white zig zag, I fill you up with my bag, let's have a party! Proceed to party!!!!!:-)
Congratulations I love your songs i love you too
I'll be in Disneyland that day! I got off work.. I still NEED tickets!! :(
We at #Sonasoft hoped that everyone had a very happy holiday. Drive and migrate safely into #Microsoft Exchange Server 2010.
Um no. Still is a "generic" mascot. Name another school that is the Cheesemakers!
I am feeling good about 2012! We are going to make a new record! YAY :)
which one? I think they both stay strugglin lol
where's my music bro
just coming back from an injury you don't want to do to much.
I Did.
I haven't tweeted in months, but Chilean wine is bringing me out of hibernation tonight
Jessica a beast! #americanidol and she only 16 smh
Another day, another __________.
Once A Belieber Always A Belieber you cant just stop being a Belieber bc he is happy w/Selena. U wouldnt be a true Belieber if thts the case
I helped implement their ordering system, among other things. :)
My Make a Wish Foundation wish is: Bring back the Firefly series w/, , ...PLEASE!!
music video, but I was the original "girlfriend"
Cold coffee before work._.
dude if i give you more details on that character then i'll pretty much leak part of the inside story $D
That awkward moment when you like someone and then realize their taken -_- FML
Trying to figure out what to have for late night dinner. I don't even know what sounds good.
10 miler this morning. 45 degrees and a slight mist.
TREE INFO-plan b4 you plant! make sure the tree you like won't b 2 big for your space or rop fruit on your walkway. Do the research!
hey i love u too J <3
Expose Exploitation. Now available in black (on sale right now at Dirtbag Arts until 9PM in The Crane Building see below for directions).
bite your tongue! He wouldn't listen to the whack shit!
Rt - “: Hey Twitterverse, let's try a little TMZ social experiment here...”
Waiting to hear back from a friend!
Maybe Hurdle should take note what happened in that AB.
any hints???
I'm #prochoice too, but your reasoning implies that fathers shouldn't be a part of the conversation. I reject that idea.
oh twitter... how i miss you dearly <333
good, thanks! Finally got some sun. Heading back tonight
"I'm on 150 Milligrams of Meth and I'm here for all your money" "Sorry dude, I'm on the phone"
Yoga classes tonight at 5:30 & 7pm. New students: 1 week free of unlimited classes and 1 free private pilates class! 620 Eighth Ave. 92101
I'll go with the cheaper way, I'll just stop by when you're in town. when will that be?
Wa! I don't like Jason Wilde! Grab a tissue, ya big baby
47?! Wow, that's a ton of cons. When did you start going to them?
Why is a bra singular and panties plural?
I don't remember ever being as excited as he is about his #hackweek project
Need creative/not spendy idea for kids' bday party in Oct in Conn. She'll be 10, he'll be 8. Could be combined or separate. Thanx.
my day hasnt got any better..
go to Marshall's for cheap dress pants
I don't like just one person I like 2 ugh why is my life so complicated and filled with so much drama? :/
Thanks once again!!
if you can't print, you gotta plow
remember when bravo showed independent movies?
Good new doping stories appearing? There must be a grand tour starting today. Hard to keep up on doping w/o grand tours to spark stories.
oh he got me, no i never seen, no one like him, damn hes everything. girls they want him, guys they wanna be. who's that boy?
Glad to see you!
Why is your store special??? Make it fun! Be special, add value! Tell friends to get deals too!
Mother, Brother, Lover: Selected Lyrics by Jarvis Cocker – review
NOTICE*** we changed our twitter name to IN instead of IS ;P
Pls 4low me 2 n gimme ur Email 2 get mo info on THE BOY IS MINE Da Movie 2 STAR u n
Not having the right tool is one of the most frustrating things.
Quick 9.6 Mile #Bike + 2.3 Mile #Run on the Erie Canal Path... >>
17 years Ago Today we lost a Young Star may she
is deep in thought!
home.....nothin like it
Hahah not you!
Very relevant to client research I'm conducting. Thanks! RT New editorial by Dr Anna Demming 'Big challenges and nanosolutions'
The apartment is so cool and great use of space.
have fun tonight! See y'all tomorrow.
Niemi goes to the Sharks
I'm goin out full hipster tonight.. You'd be so proud lol
My circle get smaller everyday
Finals plus job hunt is depressing. Even in college applications you're rewarded for "community activities." But now: don't rock the boat.
I need a hot chocolate and a cuddle buddy.
running in the rain feels like freedom.
Please check your email, Mark. Your shirt was shipped on the 17th.
#OT/TIME
Crud - Oberon beer is seasonal. Who knew? Off to find a suitable game beverage.
I was planning on bringing soju!
Lambert Field. Homeward bound
Going back home to CLT. Had a whole bunch of feminist philosophers doing some serious dancing last night.
ref Joey Crawford is officially out of control. He needs to give himself a technical!
I'm just ready for my Boaz! Where's my Sampson to tear down the pillars of my loneliness?!?
It is so great to connect to another Fort Wayne. I have to get over to the New Tech here! You guys are awesome!
*BOY RT : I'm a girl with ambition, but I tell no one my plans.
and ~ Thanks for the mentions!
Tiger and Mad Men, back on the same day. Coincidence?
I think I need to try this! #JustHadToSayThatToday “: Marshmallow milk is the new soy milk. #trendybeverages”
well, if what someone saying really is offensive enough it needs to private, it will get out anyway, so why bother.
“: lmmfaooooo n I looked hard as hell too!” I can only imagine.
Thanks for all of your #FF's!!!!
Who wants to hang out with the #Pittsburghsuperhero?
I need more sleep!
Having a strategic plan in place really helped us
We'll be featuring our Extraordinary Carrot Cake on special at our Balboa Park location tonight! Served with Pineapple Mango Ice Cream. Yum!
So Universal is suing That seems silly. What's the hope? What could Universal gain? Asylum is harmless moneymaking fun.
I miss you😒
Started feeling down again... Fuck no.
Do for five years what most people don't do, and you will spend the rest of your life doing what most people can't do!
These days many people have turned for the worst. It's sad to see because most of the tine it's someone you love.
Well now that the Dolphins are looking grim, (change of subject), what do you think about investing in the Iraqi Dinar?
New fav game while at IUPUI library is professor or homelesd guy game
Gaming time
that guy couldn't get laid in a monkey whore house with a sack full of bananas !
your standards are too high :P
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant" ~Robert Louis Stevenson
hell no, I told you were the one that cheered me up ONLY & it worked, cause youre a boss c':< thank you franciona<333333333333
got to! Ain't settling for nothing less.. Text me though
cause as soon as big boobs happen.. you gotta tell the world!
remember the original?
Two Stepping Extravaganza / Dance Party / Costumes Welcome
I like the missed squeezes
#ff our #AFT director (also director of Broadway's Godspell!)
We are here in LOT 13 with our grill and green beer! So come on down, the rain has finally stopped!
She Calls Me "Monster" Cause I Make Her SCREAM IN THE DARK !
Trying some french food, & trying to not say the only french phrase i remember, which is, 'ou est mon port monnaie?'
Yea Knicks won.
thanks for sharing!
I absolutely love Hawkeye!
getting a feel for it. Thanks! -Raph
our 3 yr old adopted pit, Carson. he's dumber than rocks but the sweetest thing in the world.
tweet me!
l0l bet you dont look that bad
I love your hair streaks it's so cute!!! You and Justin make an AMAZING couple :)
InsideTheTargetCar Gorgeous OhTheLetGo! HometownHoliday at The Shark Tank Can't wait to party in Tallahassee!!! Come bro with us!
Great day! Hope the rest of the week is like this!! #happytweet :)
incredible morning, nice and cool... I love it!
Getting ready for a Posada with . Is that better ?
I still have feelings for her, but she said no and it's been awhile now. WHY?
“ n janyia coming over today we fin to have fun”} call me when u get off love
Veggie Flautas Thursday! Fresh spinach,ancho roasted potato,mushroom,rolled into a corn tortilla crisped. 5 flautas with choice of two sides
Talk abt a glass ceiling. SMDH!
Where all the #Lifers at ????
what you been doing sis
hahaha, very true
i love your positivity my man!
Goodnight kisses>>> 😘😊
Finally getting started on our 2011-2012 Educational Catalog. Let us know what you want to see featured!
Local philanthropist & business woman, Jillian Jacobson, launches in Chicago August 25-26 will email u more info
Not particularly. Just want a nap!
In the studio for the rest of the week:)
thanks for following me. Good luck with your new venture in Ft. Lauderdale, great socializing spot. I can do a book signing!
Its annoying how a shirtless guy comes on TV and everyone looks at me...
I can work on something for ya if I do I'll send you a link
when will you come back to Philippines??????
why do i find it weird that i love tfera, and my sister kathryn likes aileron? o.o okay we're switching names kathy
Lots of people talking about Derby Kansas today. Weird.
Students at a school able to get the morning after pill from vending machines.Details on our news in 15 min
follow me i need to DM you something please:)
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Indiana Jones and the Titties of Doom
YOU LOOK SO STUNNING XOXOXOXOXO love you
What's up?
hit on by black senior.
u draw good
Imma post them in little but dont worry we'll get you a really good part ! :D
Finally home. This shower and bed is about to feel SO good. Good night beautiful people
Pt2 (from the film) I mean, the reporter just called up the White House library and the librarian was ready to check records. Inaccurate!
Does it say the batch on the bottle?
Im going going back back to Cali Cali
we heard has a funny side that's hiding under the surface.
Is this the new thing now? When you are introduced to people, you attach the "she is in single." What is that about? Anyone else?
Alexander's in North Park--was jumping Sat nite; but with a reservation no prob. Kudos: sea bass special & great corner table.
I wonder why
yeah cause first off, your bullshittin tryna say that was a joke.
Happy Birthday to my Absolutely, Wonderful, Much loved Beautiful, Fantastic Niece!!!
Hey, thanks for the follow.
Remember that a government big enough to give you everything you want is also big enough to take away everything you have. — Barry Goldwater
My mom attempting to select a new ringtone at 8:30 A.M. sounds sweeter than a symphony. I'll have you know she picked the X-files theme.
Haha, w/ his milk shot.
June ... this time she tweeted stately stride
The best part about Thursday #VampireDiaries ❤
probably caught it from Cano RT : Probably just getting someone else sick. Germ spreader.
guy wearing a vest way to small=douche hole. XD. ^_^ <3 you Shane
I'm would love a legit body massage when I get home...
Let's go Caps!
Back to the basics!
iN sTATISTICS cLASS. i gRADUATE iN fOUR dAYS. i'M sO pUMPED!@#$%
cc w/r/t his amusing micropublished anecdote re: chasing down pickle truck, very much on mind as I was blathering to dude (3/3).
today we got booze, blunts n boobz :]
my universe will never be the same... I'm glad you came...
I love the game LOGO QUIZ, shit is complicated
O where is your search box...???
🏧🏧🏧🏧🏧 RT : The mouth of a jellyfish is also the anus.
Burp then eat more ;)
I wanted to say if I un follow anyone anytime soon it's because I hit my follow limit, don't take it personally.
Bulls proved tonight that regardless of missing their two best players (in my opinion), they still have solid playoff experience as a team
Guys, the Spurs shots aren't falling, what do we do?
Decided to put home first instead of work this weekend. Its feels great!
You're going to need to change your password for twitter and other accounts. Seems that you got keylogged.
Glad hit that free throw. Shut LBJ down.
Replenish your body with fruit juice and water.
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
TRUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU CANT wait till the summer corn dick
let us know what you think Duch is on the Recess song..
Blazers might have lossed to the Raptors but it sounds like Jerryd did pretty good at the point guard position.
Remember to #pause and reflect on your journey. Being #intentional will change your life.
Finally got a fire going. Haha (:
maybe. But if you have to earn yourself a draw you probably lost.
Who has tomorrow off of work? Come see me
eww! Never in a million years!!!!!!!
She was a New York slave who became a speaker on abolitionism. What name did she choose for herself? Find out at www.AmericanLegacyMag.com
Building Wealth for Healthy Hair by Racheal products®
starting basketball next week :) cant wait !
Follow me at iluvme_1st on instagram
Counting down til happy hour starts. Need. Frappucino.
#palamino Digital project still part of this? Ah--great at the end. One reason I have you leading off session today.
1001 followers! It took a while, but we're here. Finally. Drinks are on me.
Now entering Georgetown 😊
This religion Class is about to put me in a comma.
Lmao what tweet?
VonChurch congratulates Eric Walle on his new role with Firxas studios! Another good person, another good job!
Are you still in school?
lol. Didn't know it still exsited. Never hear about anymore.
Please check your email for latest details.
Hey Aly! Where did you order your tent for Warped Tour from?
I can't wait for new episodes
your always away from someone you love, its torture. -Lady Gaga
the lemon grass noodles and shrimp at chin chin is to die for , lordy !
Thank you.. it's all the bird!
What do you think about the Government monitoring our Tweets and Facebook Blogs? They will be looking for key words in our blogs.
On way home from NYC, back on Monday for Law and Order SVU!
don't think about all those things you fear...just be glad to be here... - FC Kahuna
It was an amazing day to go to the beach with old friends <3
Getting organized for ALA Midwinter in Dallas! Will I see you there?
they zoomed in on it and it was huge!! Sometimes severe contusions are more painful than a break. So I was worried about u.
Headed to BB Kings in New York... Show with let's get it!!
At the Sunshine Sachs Newsmakers event
Awesome drums done 4 light fantastic and evileye
Could have been a nice play with the Asik touch pass, but he should have passed it to Gibson if he really wanted it to work
You fucking douche. You just proved that all guys are douches. Bye.
Where are my #starwars fans?
if but some reason Community gets canceled by NBC, Comedy Central better pick it up!
nyti.ms/o1Q02d Interesting story on enhanced ebooks in today. Books with a soundtrack.
House Repubs plan vote today on reauth of the Violence Against Women Act. excludes the new protections for LGBT already passed by senate.
": If LeBron's hairline recedes any more, he'll need a third headband and a yarmulke" now even bob is in on the jokes!
Fuck the system.
I'm gonna have to try shoes, love the rave reviews!
where is it??? I wanna go!!!
where the f are you???
Even if you got killed in Texas Chainsaw,
If you are prepared, then you are able to feel confident.
you and me go fishing in the dark
I don't blame you...it's gold!
Today is a mother daughter dayy ❤(: Then tonight with myy girls , sounds like a great dayy 😁
iTunes on Windows. Oh, my. Hopefully no sharp objects are nearby...
:: Who Said I Was Baby Sitting ? Lhh They Wss Here When I Got home . THey Old Enough , One Of Them is 7 and the other 5 .
thanks for the clarification Drew haha
Hello to all the new followers!
HOW DO I GET SOMEONE AS AMAZING AND ADORABLE TO FOLLOW ME IT WOULD BE A WISH COME TRUE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW.ME BACK <333333333
Thank you for the RT. We appreciate your support!
BOOKED a Geico spot shooting tonite. Looking forward to working with The Caveman!
White Rabbits are using Twitter... hell
Aw . He said dang man I MISS YOU !!!
Aww thank u! :)RT : And a good morning to you! Have a fantastic day today! Remember how awesome you are!
Freaks take questions from the studio audience with Annie working the mic.
New update: once our twitter page reaches 10,000 followers we will officially launch!
great, will do!
Girl! I almost gave up on that one!!! :-)
oh that works both way ,
Scary - just heard thumping and banging, thought the rapture was early... Wash machine out of balance
TEAM 301!!! Domination!
Metta's logic is "If Kobe turns it over, we all turn it over." Good to know they respect the coach that much.
haha where is it located. I need to go there.
...meanwhile, it's snowing in Lynnwood
everyone complaining about 420 needs to stfu and smoke a blunt and celebrate the holidaze
great color from Kristin and cut from Maxine.
Massive headache for real though!
Coughing! Can't sleep! Pickers and Pawn Stars keeping me company.
Oh for Christ sake! This should have been an easy 10-point win. You motherfuckers!
RT : Do you have a story about Frank the "pepperoni cannoli" guy? We'd love to hear it.
Love justin bieber new song Santa coming to town
just saw this now..lol
Can I have ur number
Tired of hearing about
HAVE FUN! Maybe I'll actually be able to read for fun in the summer? crossing fingers!
We love & , but we are very excited to try for the first time tomorrow!
That's a great idea...will it ignite if the N is removed quickly?
It's crazy how people insist that they are in love even when they're unhappy. MAYBE just MAYBE you're not really in love...?
I plan on sleeping the rest of the day but knowing my parents that probably won't happen......
Theere's always a fight in my second period... At least once a week.
i bet
thnx for the mention and RT!
Um... That's not good
Running with !
Yeah, definitely feeling your track. It's real.
not even amazed by the numbers. Know them well.
Happy Mother's Day Mom! Many Thanks to everything you do for your family!
#caps tie series with #rangers has highlights. RU looking at #supermoon ? has that and tomorrow's forecast on News4
brand-spankin-new macbook sitting in my chair when I got to work today! Life is good!
I love Jacob.
I can accept failure, but I can’t accept not trying. You don't fail until you quit.
Kids fall asleep anywhere & everywhere! LOL!
Today in 1976, the first known elephant to come to the United States arrived from Bengal, India.
are you leaving wme???
this is super nice, but $$$, we need to find a cheap solution
Remember Kyle from Road Trip? Actor was beaten by a Vancouver police officer last night for doing absolutely nothing.
31 days i got .time i got ...money ,well thats the goal..lol
Nicki Minaj on #Ellen-"I would love to give birth on your show!"
C'mon, Packers, keep bringin' it! Time for a sack o' burgers!
Looking at this pretty rose someone gave me :-)
you should read it... it's good in an f'ed up kind of way. Although just mostly the first book.
hell naw!!! lol I will see if we can order some RT : can I get a secret sunday shirt my friend.. please my friend
There are some nights I hold on to every note I ever wrote
So after I find a do it yourself carwash god gives me a free rinse cycle from the heavens
just woke up but it's 10:10am :p haaha. (Messenger?)
y'all should come over and play with her :)
Nice to meet you the other night. Hope to see you around Berlin more this summer.
"But I promise I will never let you go."
A shooting scare.... Why would someone do that and why wouldn't they tell us what was going on inside?
What I lack in confidence I make up 3 times in flop sweat.
Yes, I found this on Drunkduck years ago. I'm not sure if you remember the user Peipei, that was me :D
We're getting so delirious that has decided to show off his dance moves.
thank youu! It might be the hardest I've worked for anything.....haha
Starting book two of His Dark Materials... only four years after I finished the first.
Finally I can rest..... Yes!
#NFL It was nice to see the Saints org feel some pain for their thuggery. Too bad the NFL didn't strip them of the undeserved Super Bowl win
iGomezGang deleted her acct bcoz ,she was getting hate tweets as selena replied her..CRAZY PPL !!
That's ridic.
That makes me sadder than no more eggbeaters. We'll be your family.
Hello - what can we help you with?
Going thrifting and I only have $85 on me -.-
Bruster's is literally below my house, why have I not been here more in my life...
loverboy, you played us up like toys. don't you feel bad, don't you feel bad?
omg I would hit her
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a drink. The bartender replies, "For you, no charge."
30 minutes till new !! Monday's aren't so bad!
Wanna go see lil wayne ... idk yet !!!
no idea but i can tell rating will be down for tonight
Things you don't see everyday at work: Car parked in spot next to you starts to back out of parking spot and no one is in said car ...
Be the best that you can be!
can we go if we are an alum?
I like this photo. I eat dinner with #TheBubs today.
So very excited for #chapter2 for the Nashville Campus! Some kind of exciting!
OMG!! This song is amazingly awesome!! Its wonderful! Great job Drew! Can't wait to hear other projects and to see elixir!
Why don't we just turn the universe over to Google and our planet over to Facebook and be done with it?
im sorry about the turtle being stolen :((( hopefully you will get it back!
Our great pleasure! More member perks to come.
Keep an eye out for CAPSEE at major conferences. Stay tuned to our website and twitter for conferences, workshops, and pubs.
If 1 out of every 4 churches would help someone #adopt 1 child from #fostercare there would be NO MORE #foster kids waiting to be adopted
Scott Peters appreciates the endorsement. He'd love yours as well.
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Holiday Cookie Trays today at Acme Hotdogs! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
What is your problem girl?
thanks for the RT! Hope you are well!
I think I'm in love with she's incredible.
The rice is so needy, so very thirsty.
Rip Hamilton is a piece of shit
Self organizing FTW!! RT : Per 's orders, the official shenanigans hotel is the Westin. Book accordingly.
I`m crying at the voice finally and it`s the first episode i watched, lol
There was a documented case if a potential cured AIDS patient this year! & deaths fell from 2.2mil in mid2000's 2 1.8mil in 2010! Beautiful
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match
A Laker fan plays for San Antonio. Oh no no no..he will get BOOED at every game.
Cold and dreary out there, warm and bright in here -- come see us: 7916 SE Foster (enter on 79th) -- work, play, create at Foster Indy Mart
1 in 5 relationships are sparked from online matchmaking websites. Translation: 80% of those seeking love aren't completely desperate.
You're too kind. Hope you had a great weekend.
Today is International Moment of Laughter Day is...After all, "laughter is the best medicine". Share if you agree!
everytine I try to download your song it doesn't work
I felt like an army was coming in to defeat me!
It comes down to how pau gasol play
RT : "Restore Civility Now! ... or at your earliest convenience." ||
Still up working on Finances.
Lackey takes so long Going to be a long game
Thanks so much...and thanks for the follow too! : )
THANKS! :D
#wheniwas26 I was a 2nd Lieutenant in the Air Force, stationed at Patrick AFB, FL, and just starting my exploration of the World of Beer...
It's cold AF in my room right now..
wow ksenija, we've been dating a year now and you're doing this? Really?
Well it looks like I'm not going to tolo anymore...
Who wants to be my baby :) ?
ITS A DOGGY DOG WORLD....WELL SOMEBODY BETTA PUT THE BITCH BACK ON A LEASH.....HELL U MEAN
Sex alleviates tension. Love causes it.
Fantastic speech today at Legal Tech by Don Tapscott... the new generation, innovation and how they affect EVERY business model!
I left an answer to your blog question. Have you considered alternative ways of promoting using blogs?
Paul Cebar was great
I will miss you zzolo. Hopefully, Joe and I will make it to the Twin Cities to see you soon.
#np 'Le Long de la route' ZAZ
Stand up for what you believe in!
I, for one, had a lovely time hiking through the Amazon. Now, what is a browser, again?
I live in Hyde Park and didn't know about IRA?! Looks so awesome, but kinda expensive. Sad to miss etc. in person.
and a host of others down the line...
As I'm reading someone's newspaper over their shoulder on the train, I get mad at them for reading slow and not turning the page!
3 elephants at #thatcamposu : Some but not much discush of accessibility or diversity, and reductive binary of hyperattention v. deep att'n.
Senators sitting on side of chamber doing the wave during discipline debate.
Awww, that guy totally is getting laid tonight.
It would be so confusing if I had a twitter name and I had a picture of Adam Lambert.
Tu Holloway's got nothing on
same boat, here. MG girls can be more taunting than high school.
I think I disagree for her 18th...maybe 21st????? Lol
Mixtape :"Blow Up Like Da World trade" Drops Sep.15 Fuks Wit It.New Features nd Promotions Soon To Come.Yee! www.myspace.com/Baddassmug3000
There r sources to rely on. The question of full Redemption of the Jewish People is not IF... but WHEN. It's a matter of time!
how about we get Audioslave back together? I miss good rock. Anyone else in agreeance?
Accept what you cant change. change what you cant accept.
Joe Tamburino weighs in on Amy Senser verdict on FOX 9 Morning News @ 8AM
Dude, great to see you down in Australia...hit me back...
Sending out the Friday Funnies.
ima say nicki bcuz u gutta shave ya hairline to wear a lakefront 😂😂😂
if you got the beef man put it in the skillet
Holy Moly- she's on Twitter! Unbelievable. And also unbelievable how far down you made it on my timeline to respond to that!
Oh how Ive missed my dolls!!!
My night would be made if eric church sang springsteen #ACM's
This Wednesday, Security Bank is offering to put $1000 towards your closing costs!
certainly young man. I'm an addict. Try. Shut-up, Stop whining and get a life. I love Larry's books. Almost bought some boots
What was it?
That's my wish for every party. It's a shame I have to miss it this time.
What is up with the lame tornado drill today?! All I did was sit down and talk to people on the other side of the room!
Regionally, I can't get behind this Final Four. Do over, please.
Since when did you become Snooki?? Lmfaooo I LOVEE YOU!!~ Now do you want a pickle hoe.
whats good bro, its ayo ( ) we should build about collabing on the show like we talked about.
I would say Food ranks first on your list followed by GSP
I almost cited Paul deMan controversy to begrudgingly defend Ron Paul until I realized deMan was early 20s, not in his 50s!
I wanna nap but I already have #fuckedupsleepingschedule as it is....
Have you guys heard sing?? She was on Idol, too!
#Sweet16 here we come!!
"We're here we're Claire get used to it!"-
omg all day in my head it's either I Will Always Love You or Rolling In The Deep.
who must have special skin product infused in his "medicine"...dude always looks like he just had a facial
Coughing infront of smokers to make them feel guilty.
You must have been there, Nancy. I was a Nemov fan growing up, thought he handled with class (from what I saw on TV).
was good bro i got ya back
I drank my milk and I'm still really small.
oh and last name too. hahaha sweet. *highfive*
I'm crying right now my mon was rushed to the hospital.omg 😢😢😢😪😪
Hate hearing how Junior Seau went out,
