love u back
the credit business has turned into a rackett to a degree; thanks for the follow
I'm under a very, very similar crunch. Gotta have this house clean/painted before an 83-year old Asthmatic visits on the 1st.
gyeaaaaa. I know you gon do it.
All-hands meeting preparing our #iPad launch events. We're hoping #ripple is among the top 100 apps at launch. Fingers crossed!
I swear guys, if I ever start sounding like a raging douchebag on my Twitter, ration my use of @ and
Slow it down, slow it waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyy down ... Sleep/Bong/King Tubby-dub down. :)
#20topfavouritesongsever Fiona Apple - Sleep to Dream
Rolling In The Deep
LMAO! U crack me up.
a reality tv show called "my mom is obsessed" / the mother's obsession? "freedom"
This is so stupid!! why say that!?
This class is SO boring !
it's a pleasure, glad you liked it 
talks about how important it is to decide where to put one's time, but these choices can be quite complicated in practice
*love* the new look!
"no, the one with the pig nose" -____- you're kidding me, right?
Enjoy baking something other than brownies when I have the chance. Will try some of your cupcake recipes.
What hours do we have?!
We got raised on the turn? Fold -JC
you as well!
I wish. I would say OR after work. 5:30ish? Uncle Floyd you're invited too.
Great Career Transition Workshop group this morning -- 8 job changers with impressive professional and personal backgrounds.
John, we nd ur support. This campaign empowers parenting teens 2 continue their education & make safer decisions. Pls share.
got out the red bull. apparently it's ketel one o'clock!!
My iPhone doesn't like the word "boobs"
If my heart was a house you'd be home <3
His game plan: "Oh shit, I have to give a speech about how awesome Shitty Light is. Better throw them a bone."
#FF love bc now that voting is almost over for Shortys I'm happy w 11th place + hope Mud Baron beats the boy band
No problem. Glad to hear you're enjoying what we're brewing. Cheers!
Thank you!
Grrrr! You sprained your ankle? That sucks! I would be really mad cuz I skateboard so I need my ankles! LOL :3
What an amazing day in Tucson. Going to cool off a little the next few days before it heats back up. Great time to get ready for the fall.
The breakfast club is on. :D
#SnapbacksAndTattoos S/O to my fam and Driicky! On Board!
The church let out looking like a party let out lol
one of my friends almost died retweet and comment if u would pray
A lot of those little things that I really like doing are just moments of cool articulation
I see u boyeee!!! Keep grindin'
Ew I should of straightened my hair.
Lemonaide & sweet tea blended..
University of Wisconsin gets their time now, their second consecutive appearance.
Oh man, the SCTV era of our fliers was pretty rad!
I could sit here and watch classic Looney Tunes all day long.
Let's make sure we do one together!
so who's invited??!!
For the man having an affair with his wife's sister, cause, well, it's just easier.
God people annoy me with the want of attention and not shutting up over stupid nonsense.
waffle loyalty=waffle royalty
I've found a few places here that sell Stone, but nothing compares to the mecca in San Diego. See you there in Feb!
Raw aesthetic gets a luxury relocation - The National
Responded to FIRE @ 718 E 232nd St, Bronx, NY 10466 and helped 5 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Hey, happy to hear it!! Thx for the feedback!!
nice, I'll have to check it out. I'm getting ruffus wainwright new cd.
Work not worm pfffffffft
so is Justin Bieber the father of the baby cause they never said if he was after the test he took to prove he was the father.... um :-\
Natalie imbruglia just came on my shuffle...
First, a burger with and at the ! How blucy is your lucy?
my mom took my phone don't call!!!!!!!
I use fabric. Wrote a layer on top to manipulate remotely or locally :)
"Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off the goal"
oh damn lol what U doing all the way over here in KC ? Just visiting family ?
I have a reality show idea in the works. Anybody out there interested in hearing it? let me know
bhahahahha poor you :P
I have been voting all day!
This girl in the studio has butt implants gone wrong swear I thought she had a pillow in her skirt smh gunna try and get a pic lol
Just like a car needs to be tuned up for better performance so does the body and mind. Give reading and exercise a try.
YUMMY WHOPPER!
Heather omg do u realize I had *just* deleted socstardom twitter acct like 1 day b4 u tweeted this! LOL
episode 15 it was. It's not finale
Perfect weather for #Christmas shopping in #NYC !
With my main bitch !:)
Always try to maintain a high level of motivation and spirit by remembering the reasons behind your painstaking to lose weight
for the boyfriend one she said 'stranger danger' and for the love one she just said 'im sorry ._.' I send her hella more tho! xD
The waiting game its all it is and I have more patience than a pregnant lady!
Booyah! Who just usurped Rusty Jenkins as mayor of the methadone clinic on Foursquare? ---> This guy!
I would still bet Greg Oden and the win a Championship before OKC.
I love you austin
Thanks, Joanna!
I'm not sick...well mentally yes, but its more of a physical thing. Not a psychic thing. Which I am both.
Those look awesome!:)
I miss u in class today :,(
Half way through season 2 of Mad Men. I've got a long way to go to catch up. *sigh*
nothing we haven't already heard.
Tune in tomorrow morning to Vancouver radio morning show at 9.50am!!! Im going
you are now aware that when you swallow, you hear a weird noise..
Pop-tarts and water for breakfast
when is City of Lost Souls coming out? Cant wait!
Totally just won a contested lien strip with a very adversarial creditor. PLEASED WITH SELF.
following u if u r a Mom Happy Mothers Day
I blame the wave.
Me & the Rza connect
Andrea Cabral on Romney's Obama strategy: It's straight out of Karl Rove playbook. Take ur enemies strength & turn it into their weakness
God forbid you have to walk a mile in his shoes, then you really might know what its like
why you so BEAUTIFUL, im jealous :) !! i hope to meet you 1day !! lots of love<3
my highest score is 771,480. BEAT THAT. (:
u guys play cypress creek tuesday?
Just now waking up and all I want to do is sleep because I feel so sick. 😷😨
I miss the old degrassi.
In the last 365 days, how many Biz Opportunities have you been apart of? Its time to get serious.
Looking for a sooper deep V for this weekend
I love getting sunburnt on my lip and having a huge blister. It's my favorite.
I stuck to my guns. I didn't join and Vic for beers.
seriously man -_-
Guns N Roses @ HOB Orlando $101/ticket. A lot of money to pay to wait for Axl to show up two hours late. Bad photo contract too.
Starting a new painting that is a totally different direction than I've ever gone before.
haha I knew someone would ride by and be like "what in the??" ha but thank you everything is fine :)
Wherever you go, and whoever you see, you can now tell people to #text your name to 90210, the most recognizable #shortcode in the world.
got homecourt tonight and the way the boys played tonight makes me and my project calendar smile!
Can't do Montpellier either - y'all have a great time - Laissez les bon temps rouler! xoxo
A snarky part of me wonders where the lightning sculpted glass figurines are.
thanks too & gonna play some
Voted absentee. Mailed it. Awesome.
The NBA without brad miller just isn't right.
What are you doing about the Portland Beavers ballpark? We want them back in Portland for the 2012 season!
Getting away! Definitely. Everyone needs a mental break as well as some Vitamin D.
Nope, but it works today! thanks ^KG
Finally recovering a bit from an amazing (but long) night at #wurelay12. Thanks to all my friends and family for your support!
If God is no respecter of persons, then WHY are we?
It's perfect weather. I love the smell of crisp new England air on a spring morning mixed with the sun on my face.
See ya 105 temps! RT At San Antonio airport. Portland, ME/Cape Breton/Prince Edward Island/Acadia NP adventure about to begin.
Power Yoga on Magazine Street tomorrow at 7:00am. It's worth the effort.
back in town ! Out to lunch tomorrow TDameritrade and Towne centre drive!
entering contest :) because im too broke to buy stuff xD
Going to see Kink Ador tonight! Be safe and have a great time you all!
Great fly day! #MSL launched safely, great am NASA TV! Morning hike: grebes, whimbrel, mergansers, BRPE, porpoises, scoters
Yes I'm wearing Jordans but I'm not a JumpMan
Last night without air conditioning. I can do this.
im jus saying if wade a 9/10 ..AI is a 8.5..dont forget how good the man was think back shit was amazing
I'll try not to miss u too much
thanks :D
The ineffable joy of forgiving and being forgiven forms an ecstasy that might well arouse the envy of the gods
Congrats to and all of the LOCs for enabling an awesome $83.5M economic impact on #Colorado! We can't wait for next year!
I agree, I love the song though xD
hopefully trent lockett will fill one of the scholarships. who do you think will take the second scholarship?
Manny's first AB results in first 6-4-3 of the spring.
thank you!! Thanks, also, for braving the nasty rainy weather to support us!
you are our artist spotlight of the day on SoundGarage Mobile. Thanks for the amazing sounds!
Let's work on rearranging these, please. #pointless RT : Deck chairs on the Titanic.
your night looks like an 8th grader that's been left alone for a few hours. I'm jealous.
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says "If an emergency, please notify:" I put "DOCTOR". What's my mother going to do?
hmm, it does bring up the interesting challenge of getting manually sent articles to customers automatically. (So far, magic!)
Anyone have a good book recommendation?
I went to Woostock 94 on crutches.
Tonight I am doing our taxes. Because, as my husband put it, "not going to federal prison is a noble cause."
well instead of a huge comeback it was a huge choke at the end. Everything really is bigger in Texas.
About to edit my first process video for a tee design I did.....Here we go!
yes. 4th gets us a gme of lone wolf. Any takers?
Time is running out for the April Teaching Carnival on Do you have something to include? Tweet asap. (Pls RT)
Costco run with
hit me when u get off bro
is cute af
Also feel less bad about it when on other games team sells tickets for under your price paid as a STH.
That was sweet of her. :) so soon. Goodness
need really easy2setup bulletin-board style online civic engagement tool for one-time government initiative. suggestions?
Google glasses for augmented reality experiences coming soon! says at
Thank you for sharing my dear Manfred!! :) <3
most definitely
done and done
everyone is copying with the kitten stuff!!
Oh damn, I don't ever want to be on that site, either!
should have followed back
Cutting the grass is one of my projects for tomorrow...if it's not still raining that is!
Turkey Bacon >>>>>
Dog ass niggas , miss me with this shit
Jodi, thanks for following. I am on twitter follow limit right now, so I'll follow you back as soon as I can, PEACE
Happy Weekend Ladies!
when is it???
that awkward moment when you keep nodding and saying yeah to your crush when theres nothing left to say
He just called himself fat..&he has a six pack..what
Word, son.
#Ucla it is Bazz
Just met with Elliot Abrams at tonight's AIPAC dinner in San Diego!
i will do shoutout for shoutout. but instead of shoutout this acct, can you shoutout ?
Y I NO WAT?
I agree. A lot of public company CEOs are overpaid. Let's focus on wealth, not income. That's where the real gap is.
Madison, Appleton, Chicago... But what about the beautiful and fat city of Milwaukee? We like movies. We like Doug
Yes! I love 's new cd!!!! Ahh its amazing.
Bet austins gunna be late for his reservation at og.
Can you help spread the word? We're compiling a memorial book: What were you doing Sept 11? Proceeds will go to charity.
Never mistake kindness for weakness
Looks like many central Texas freelancers woken by the storm are getting some work done at 3am. Good morning, friends!
done, follow me (=
Is this how you do it these days? Have I just been out of the game that long?
I like that idea ;)
Interested in doing an interview for my radio show?
My entire music collection has been upgraded to 256K AAC encoded and DRM free. Thank you iTunes Match.
drown'n in the upmost of dope shit... fuck'n with the deep end...
I'm looking for your best tips on how to become a successful blogger.
Molly is falling asleep to Bon Iver and my dad says he enjoys Bon Iver's music.
And every single time I look in to your eyes, I see a little bit more sunshine, I feel a little bit more like me <3
I could live w/ a Depp cameo, but no more starring roles for him in a Burton film!!
Peeps are getting lots of ❤ on our Facebook poll. Aged/cured is trending. What is it about stale #peeps?
lol youre a jerk. I was like ohh jeez. Oh well. I have my music preference. That line i quoted i made up anyway lol.
have fun and b careful =)
*WELLINGTON haha wow. I'm lame
I once spent a year in Philadelphia, I think it was on a Sunday. ~ W. C. Fields
Only Dead Fish Go With the Flow...Xx
Great time in NYC, saw 3 shows: "How to Succeed", "Anything Goes" and "Sister Act".
It's such a nice feeling to still get fan messages from people in Iran, I had no idea my shows made such an impact.
"It's a sign of your own worth if you are hated by the right people."
So, you didnt mean anything you said? Uhmm...then why'd you say it?
greatt right when i come back from break i have a science test and i havent even filled out the study guide and its hard
douche me!
Oprah is seriously knocking her final talk show season out of the park. As only Oprah can.
Leach is no longer "a coach"....he isn't coaching.
thank you kasey!
'BIG Thnx 2 and 4 multiple mentions!! ALSO and 4 mentions! You guys rock!' You're welcome!
I FOUND MY WALLET OMG. THANK YOU JESUS. <3333
They are used in preparing cakes, cookies and brownies, and can be used alternatively with sweet dark chocolate
I WANT PANDA EXPRESS. WHO'S WITHH ME?
when your professor's shirt comes unbuttoned and she is accidentally exposing a wide portion of her belly to the class...
Real time vital monitoring will change our healthcare Topol
thanks man! If you like that you'll like our new project for sure! Pre sales start tomorrow n you get a free download with it!! :)
You know I stay blunted SHIT so big she felt it in her stomach
We are new here...Thanks for the warm welcome! :)
you're 12. No one stalks you. Stop being shady!
what do you mean?? :/ hahaha
i don't really like the work "trending" if we're talking about something other than twitter
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Eyes of any color
": A little surprised UK has Miller taking the ball out. I'd think he's one you want to have shooting the FTs." Y he hasn't done mu
You can always count on me....to climb over a seat.
yup you got to put it in the Crock Pot and make a Pot Roast
I love the old fonts on those signs. The subway looks awesome. Post more photos! : )
Happy Halloween. We played a party on friday. It was great!!!
where is this? I'm exited for my birthday bingo at Sandia on Tuesday.
I haven't heard the response yet, I've just heard my Mother facepalmed
Personally my favorite #DrSeussBook is The Cat In the Hat but #TimTebows is #GreenEggsAndHam that story makes you #Hungry lol
RT : Downside to citizen activism via social media?Nomore open mic night at the city council meets. That's comedy gold!
yes, sir! Whatcha wanna do? :-)
Looking to connect with #bozeman biz leaders! Getting back to #MT today
if I can't call someone a dumbf**k on your Fb page then get blocked, why are you letting someone call Lohan a crack whore?
I can if they in different conferences!
I don't just want, I NEED Transformers tickets!!!! When will you be giving more away???
done c:
The snow is coming down in northern New Mexico!
great meeting with , now at a photo shoot with !
financially it's not in my budget but professionally I have to. Work is at a standstill today.
It s a long break.
Fire that lawn mower up!
Did you know people are getting paid to mention products in their Facebook statuses? That's as crazy as the discounts at Dave's Furniture
- even w/out bounty program it will & always happen.
No no no no no
Bored A'F And Still With
Try our Ancho Chili sauce on your hamburger tonight! We promise you’ll love it!
I kno. He really needs to get a life and grow up. People have opinions. Get over it. It's really not this serious
That's what's up Obama... good move yo.
Sometimes I feel all alone in a crowed room... Gathering thoughts.
Thanks for accompanying me to #sdaff tonight. All those celebs, and your ink gets all the attention. You rock.
Sleep time! Starting my summer class in the morning 😚
like my joke about inventing beaches? Sometimes I'm funny...sometimes.
Sinatra & Basie At The Sands performs Oct 8th @ The Smoot Theatre in Parkersburg West Virginia. Show time @ 8pm.
he likely has a cold. Its a Hall's.
And the ovation! Fantastic. I can only imagine what will happen tonight for Stemme, Kampe, and Jovanovich!
Grt! RT : What have I accomplished for #WomensHealth thus far today? Mentoring, philanthropy and project development!
Knicks + Rangers + Yankees + RAW = couch potato Bindel
Still awake and drinking beers with
FALLEN ASLEEP...SMOOTH!!! Will add to my collection!!!
good morning
Working/traveling to NYC. We shall see how this goes on 3 hours of sleep.
So they take a guy who can't stay on the field in passing downs? RT : New #Packers DT Jerel Worthy is a perfect fit:...
I used some videos produced by another clinic and have limited rights to distribute the supported conv. tutorial
you too!
Never Been In Twitter Jail ( :
feel better! That bug has been going around.
I need another
Your mind has 450 words then filters and only speaks 150 of those words...your body language reveals what u are NOT saying
To my dear niece : I TOLD you about Austen. Took you long enough!
I wish Austin had a Spurs bar
You can do it!! I'm going in about 45 min RT : Definitely not going to make it to the gym today - bummer!
he tweets like Samuel L Jackson talks too loud really
Wait, not free, but still an RDA webinar. Sorry
TY for the RT. My mom just got more excited over that than my b-day!
Watching the Year of the QB - mmhm Luv Timmy time
what happened to the youtube account you made?
They are gorgeous!
That guy just got knifed!...thats forked up... Too spoon?
Thanks for the RT!
thats an interesting name how old are you?
This whole Jeremy Lin story is overrated...if ESPN wants a REAL come out of nowhere story I've got a lead for them -- Seth. Sinovic.
Worried bout yo followers u betta get yo dollars up
My field laptop smells like its been sitting in a barn for weeks.
thanks for following back!! Let's chat about the bags. Love your site!!
Hoping this #Gophers season is a new beginning and not a one and done
I'm at my second hockey game ever. It's really too bad San Diego doesn't have a team.
What is your favourite thing to do when you're sad, that will cheer you up.
AiNT NUN ON TV..iM FiNNA TRY TO GO TO SLEEP...
You're both coconuts. And I love you. And you're crazy. And I love you some more.
crying kids irritates me
Trail run, making salsa, bbq, a little vino...que bueno!
it was great chatting with you too. Looking fwd to more interactions :-)
“Fiction is a lie, and good fiction is the truth inside the lie.” ~ Stephen King
sweet band at la grange in deep ellum if you are looking for something
E! Good luck!!
well played RT : "Thats what she said!" RT may the fourth be with you, get your lightsaber out?;)
Stop the presses: Aaron's teeing it up in the Pro-Am golf tournament at Pebble Beach -- I'll be glued to the Golf Channel through Saturday!
My character's name in Skyrim is Me So Horny....For Justice!
Senate to vote on 3 nominees today. But Senate has more work to do to end judicial vacancy crisis.
Some people are so fucking annoying, shit the hell up!
gotta turn it on...gotta be #boobiemiles wit it
If they had called it "Repeal 4th Amendment Act", people might not have voted for it
I try to find the beauty in all work but sometimes it's tough when the bathroom has to be cleaned :-)
follow me soulja, U THE BEST ALIVE no doubt. we love you
Hey girlie girl, congrats on your new job, that's so exciting!
I'll make sure to do that, since you're also known as the boss and all. ;)
Clearly I need to start making office calls... (RT ladies at work discussed today how cute the garageband instructor is.)
omg i step is so boring....
Welcome to the Rams!
Damn Austin! You don't know what you missed
send me your address and I'd be happy to transcribe that seciont it for you.
remember to set your clocks forward tonight. it's spring forward time.
the Spirit in which we accomplish something is what truly defines the Journey <3 Make today beautiful for yourself & those around you~
Yeah I agree nowaday you have to give your 1&2 reps bec with injuries and the way we play in the SEC you never know!
Heading to San Diego. Early morning flights are the worst
#False. Collect your seeds and do not support seed manufactures unless they are non #GM and
BOUT TO CHANGE MY NAME
I never got it
today was my last final exam for the semester :-)
That's what I hoped, and can't disagree. Great book, though, and continue to love your bubbly recs. :) Cheers.
When will twitter let me type more than 140 characters
Jen Vernon showed Women of Troy, an awesome docu-poem illustrated with stunning photos.
I honestly dont know why i love em iconic boyz so much!~<3
if we did people might start realizing that "contributors" expect a return on their money
OMG! Haven't tweeted you in FOREVER. Whats up? You excited for #BTWB in Sydney?
Never watched Dancing With the Stars before, but Jaleel White might get me to start...
It's gabby's graduation! Congratulations
you not here with me
bring me a plate!!!
Christmas Eve, guess I should put illustration work aside and enjoy the holiday. Workaholics have a hard time separating "work" and "enjoy."
Never thought they were better without Melo. Amare plays no def, clutters & stalls offense
God is Good!
Is that a joke?? Its has to be, right!
I feel like Twitter has been a little quiet lately.... hm.
since we like the same TV shows: have you watched Scandal?? Amazing.
“: Oh, so you say the dress makes you look fat? Silly girl, the fat makes you look fat.”
Thanks for the feedback - glad you like the stand & the show - we love the special performance by du Soleil too
call me when u have the chance
It's the dream of the 1890s!
this huge ass beetle was hanging on to my sweat pants i was like GET THE HELL OFF MEE. and my dad was like "no fear factor for u'
I just can't get over how grouchy Gload looks 24/7.
Dropped off my 7th grader in a room full of 11th graders to take the #ACT. He's understandably nervous but well-prepared. Go Ryan!
Don't wait to get to work until you see the evidence of God's blessings. God gives you the faith to get started.
I know me and Kari were like, but he was never in Florida... But someone told us so we googled it and we didn't find anything..
I saw you today.
Come on , put on a sale. I want to go home for Memorial Day!
if you follow me my life would be complete!!!
Got my order of Tall tees from They fit so well I almost cried. Not just longer--they are proportioned. Shoulders, waist, length.
no clue if I can my mom wont do anything about it.
praying we can make 30 more followers today!! =D
Worked on the Sauza Tequila Commercial today... I LOVE acting!! Sometimes, the work is just fun!!
SHOW TONIGHT!!!! BE THERE!!!!
I've got some issues that nobody can see and all of these emotions are pouring out of me...
Dust caked on sweating bodies.
I don't understand why people get so angry when a dog barks...? Like, aren't they supposed to do that? M
Catching up on Revenge
@ work. Soaking up the rays in sunny California.
3,400 + new students at Sharyland High School. No wonder my son had 15 schedule changes.
#cultofmacrules great contests now
ebay ;O Most popular "balding" auctions
great hit hamilton
Well, at least tonight's 2 bad games had 2 good endings & some decent-ish basketball from old or young guys.
btw, ur suggestions helped. Had comp drying, took it in for repair. $200 later, working again! Sticky keyboard. Suggestions? Thx!
Thanks for the nonprofit of the day shout out!
109 more days until #Bonnaroo2012 I cannot even begin to describe my excitement :) :) :)
In your opinion, who are the biggest corporate producers of educational media, right now?
Think Local - Act Local
hey louisville .. I am coming for ya!
Preparing for open sourcing a few apps on the 14th @ www.androiddevla.com and www.iphonedevla.com respectively. (via )
2 thumbs up if you think the Bears are making the play-offs.
There are a lot of smart people at #WhatsNextDC if any of you are looking for a job, please come find me in the continental ballroom!
you're .. Fail type
I hate that u play at Belly Up. They have dissed #LGBT community which u care about by supporting vehemently anti-#gay acts
Angie is quite a talent!!! xo
Drank about a gallon of water for my pre-employment drug screen and now they're making me wait.
Glad you enjoyed!
If you plan on purchasing all the PANTERA tracks, we are putting up a coupon for that later today. I would wait.
There is NO such beast. Believe me.
For every act of evil a person does i believe there is also a person who is willing to go above and beyond to do good.
Happy Halloween
That was back when he cooked all the time... my obsessive dieting in 2001-2006 cured him of that. :( He says he had a cooking "addiction."
#AskMeDoICare what people say, I'll say no
Nice life. El Presidente ... that's their beer ... and it's delicious!
Kobe Bryant is going to put Steve Blake in a bodybag
Lock of the playoffs bro...Celts tonight!
well it's too late now!
I cant right now Cuz im on follow Limit, but Ill try when I can.(:
Will there be copies of Bloom on vinyl for sale at The Orange Peel tonight?!
ty for the follow! Love your new song!
-> RT : Stephen A. Is now saying the Heat would consider trading Wade and/or Bosh for Dwight Howard if they lose to the Pacers
The Talmud~ A person will be called to account on Judgement Day for every permissible thing he might have enjoyed but did not.
o sweet old Frenchmen! Lovat place.
aww thank u. im very blessed(:<3
I feel like taking a history field trip today, but I'm feeling kind of uninspired.
good question! Maybe this wkd?!?!
So why is it OK to bring up what Obama did as a young boy but not OK to bring up the violent bullying Mitt spearheaded in high school?
oh yeah, that's a god show! (I like it too)
Like us on Facebook!
Los Alamos fire chief: Conchas 92,7000 acres; spreading 'aggressively' northward and onto Santa Clara Pueblo lands
IMO Bogut's top 4 center and we didnt get enough value for him. Plus, once you have a center you hold on for dear life. - now what-sanders?
Why did you copy her tweet?
John you always take it to the next level lol
It's may and I haven't been wake boarding yet. I wanna cry...
I really love Boston....
Very cool, thank you! I hope you enjoy it.
Good things come to people who work their asses off and never give up.
If you start using God for your agenda, He may stop using you for His.
Good afternoon
Cory Baker(Drums) and Alvin White(guitar) last night ripped it.Talked to Dana Hawkins @ the gig.Dude is a music encyclopedia.
Elizabeth Warren really likes pie. Her secret? Lemon juice.
Any1 in the world of fb...check out the Art Stormm Show!¡!
Game face on, bus to Dallas Conv Center, so it begins
- Burt's Bees has a poison ivy soap that works-
Happy bikini friday! Enter to win a cowgirls espresso ://ow.ly/1MohaG
Hi! Do you ever send a rep to an office w/ a pro subscription to give a tutorial? Would be much appreciated. Let me know. :o)
We will be displaying some new material soon that we have just finalized, but first we still need your help spreading the word about SL!!
I might -- nah, was thinking about 4square. No. Not yet another thing.
thanks for following!!! (:
Fuck you too bitch call the cops, imma kill you and those loud ass motha fuckin' barkin' dogs.
How are you guys doing on need for Christmas hams? Last we heard many more were needed; still the case?
asks all the right questions
HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY I`m being so annoying / /
Loving my #klout topics at the moment. New to the list? Typos! I hope they mean that I hate them.
loners and hoes seeking for attention
Small world ! Thanks for the follow. Let's keep in touch.
Really cool stuff. Keep them coming. :)
Had a great spring break. Now I'm ready to get back to work.
Dang!!! What a day in apc!!! A great workout if ya ask me;)
Congrats to lucky follower number 1,000 - ! Prize is a free Offer to - 4 tix & a bottle of bubbly! :)
This week all Robbie wanted to watch was Star Wars so we watched IV and V. Today all he wants to watch is Care Bears. Bo!
Roofies... getting the Jersey Shore pregnant one girl at a time!
March already came and went in case you didn't remember. 2012 National Champs.
I'm at the farm and have all my things unpacked. Figuring out what to do now. Don't have orientation until 11:30am tomorrow.
same. Let's go and drink and be merry.
Should i put on my tin foil hat? RT Lots of radiowaves! RT I count 16 satellite/microwve trucks 4 Knox Arrival
thanks for watching! So happy to hear that the videos help.
uqh! in skool! uqh but happy im in computer class so i can qet on my twitter!!
Good morning to all you beautiful mothers out there! Nothing but sunshine in our way today, 68° inland, 58° lakeside. Enjoy!
Yea man. Hopefully it's hot
Back to the studio for the first time this year!!!
What? :p
tweet! It was fun seeing you guys! Let me know when ur in town again ;)
Only in Philadelphia does the Flyers flag sit on the flagpole as high as Old Glory.
I don't know what I look forward to more. Sundress season or Christmas?
Baby I hear melodies when your heart beats Baby it sings to me like Fa la la, fa la la
If you can't get someone out of your head, maybe they are supposed to be there.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life
yes<3 If you look back things have changed so much compared to now. It's so hard for me to keep up.
Seen the video of LeBron James' mother allegedly losing it on a hotel valet. Story coming up on 7News at 5:30.
thanks for the invite mr. morcelle its great to c the clubs still goin strong, id love to come but i dont hav a way to get to SF
Federal Gov employee his whole life rails against benefits while receiving unconstitutional dual benefits
Our guest speaker is June Vining from Traumatic Interventions Program about what to say to someone who is facing a traumatic event
She is so cute
RIP Vaclav Havel, bright bright light.
Always a disappointment.
whatever, you communist.
Ronaldo is sexy ;)
how are your workouts going? i hear we have the same coach! i'm only in month 1 but loving it so far.
No sleep 😱
The weather is going to be perfect for tomorrow's MOVIE NIGHT! Join us on our patio for a special showing of The Princess Bride at 7:30pm!
FOCUS: ON FILM: THE AVENGERS WAS REAL GOOD & DIDN'T HAVE HARDLY ANY MUSHY STUFF WITH GIRLS ALSO HULK SMASH
"Grandma, just because that woman is wearing #yoga clothes does NOT mean we know her..."
drunk ppl run stop signs high ppl wait for them to turn green
you can get me at jtaormino (at) berklee (dot) edu
Excited that Season 3 of my Smithsonian 'Metro Mambo' Latin-jazz lec/dem series (launching 3/24) moves to Mus. of African Art in May.
Shawty Go Head
Blue Magic just came available for the night of Saturday February 6th! Contact us for details on how to book! 447.2446 www.okcpartybus.com
sometimes i see the world for how fucked up it really is, I tell myself I'll be the one to make a change in it.
"i just like feeling loved."
I am mad at every sf radio station that took turns playing the crappy train song that's stuck in my head now
yeah im back in action
The rain storm seems to be not quite as dramatic as forecasters warned. Sunny and windy with rushing clouds.
All SNOCLOTHING™ T-Shirts Purchased Through www.SNOCLOTHING.com Come with a free SNOCLOTHING™ Wristband!!!
can run all while tweeting more than Sounds like someone needs to step-up his twitter game!
On my way to Cianjur.. *blessed
long time Sis, wat is up with you, how are you???
I was just trying to use Sherry's white laptop. What's a good alternative for OSX?
Watching Penguins/Flyers. Love playoff hockey!!
You can only hide shit for so long
a nice ass
Jim died what no :(((
forgot that I own a tv. it's used more for decoration than watching :)
,its a rainy gloomy Indiana day,I'm thinking mindfreak marathon!!
download eAudiobooks free via Atlanta Public Library or DeKalb Public Library systems
Yes! #Giants win! I have no fingernails left, but it was worth it.
It's been a day of reading about necronyms in old Hingham and Concord. Now, to go dream about 'em.
no kidding MT Gingrich: "We are looking at the abyss"
RT : IM game tonight.. Gonna put up at least 12.. And by 12 I mean 12 turnovers
Advantage Micro Computers Repair Security & Networking Tucson’s Computer Repair and Service Specialist for Over 39 Years 520-290-0595 We
I got preverted when i knew wass! ;p
Today we're at Fedex Trade Networks International Transport & Brokerage 2349 Aviation Drive Indianapolis.11-1:30
just caught Kendra Hollywood story on E!, touched my heart! You really r a true gentle and fabulously handsome man!!!!
SERU 2.0: eILL: there is no consensus on e-book ILL. May need an FAQ re: issues you might want to discuss in arranging ILL in a license.
Thanks. Channeling it into making sure we defeat the amendment here!
Hey AUPeeps! Click on the Monkey on our FB page to sign up for our e-news!!
"Jealous of the Angels." :) The Title Track is "Change."
hey guys please follow my other account since i have hit the follow limit
Thanks so much for RT!
Sitting next to a Zimbabwean woman who isn't interested in small talk with the Brazilian guy next to her. Next leg to Beijing
Muses is one week from today! So excited to ride!!!!
"I don't really know what I'm doing with my life, but I'm okay just doing everything." ..I feel ya Carlen. Same thing here.
I gotta become an early riser
Nothing much now.. Just trying to calm my mom down Wbu?
yeah that's a tough itinerary. I'm glad you could make the trek.
Had a fun night @ Lucille's.. lost of new friends and fans!
no problemo! its sounds super yummy... RT : Thanks 4 RTing Coffee house article. Hope you are able to get on their schedule!
I keep losing followers I had 58 and now back down to 48:/. Guys if u gna follow me follow me but don't unfollow me an hour
Make it crispy
starting now.. Let's do this
M gravy
Congrats on your weather victory...
= The New Tumbler Version of .... ugh, my ears!!...please, go away!!!!!!! Lost mad respect for
My nephew just ran out trying to scare me and locked himself out the house lmao
thanks fool T>T>
Do or do not, there is no try. Yoda, Empire Strikes Back
You know you are a Social Media Expert when you have to figure how to use the #newfacebook for work.
lml i be going in ; guys these days -.- glad my tweets can relate to you ^.^
hey I just met you
At least I didn't leave my headlights on in the car! RT : So happy I got to see since she showed up late ;P
RT : Think i am officially burned out on facebook.
I don't know. The grades were supposed to be up on Friday but...they weren't -___-
no... Maybe it's a sign. Your phone is fine. :p and done w/ what?
It's always nice to have someone in your life who can make you smile even when they're not around. ♥
Infinitis (I don't care what model) are not cool no matter what age you are. Seriously. Their TV ads alone should tell you that.
All in the session will complete an Audit on their own #Learning Transfer practices; we will discuss & share results
I do too. Of course, I'm a nerd that is fascinated by job titles and some of the strange surnames of film crews.
In honor of the Lunar New Year, join us tonight at StreetFood Asia at 6pm for the Lion Dance by Quang Minh Buddist Temple
DK Publishing Donates $95,000 in Books on Behalf of 501st Legion and Rebel Legion
is super cute
Going to be a bit toasty in the aircraft this afternoon
Would you have started Kadar if you were Pardew though ?
That's an awesome quote!
Omg lol RT I legit just threw up on my floor when I saw Allison Wonderlandd's profile pic in recommended friends on Facebook.
It really makes me mad how difficult it is to control monitors on a Mac. I want to play games on my 2nd monitor only. How hard should it be?
hey clarence! I've been good. Miss yall
Plato's 21st Century Metaphysics: Updated for Today's Business and Technology
CM Morrison moves approval of creation of solar committee. Mayor concerned about the fact that CMs don't all have direct appointments
"If we have to train people on using our intranet, we've failed." Needs to be intuitive.
So, my landlord can cash my checks but ignore my emails/text messages/phone calls? Bitch.
Many delays at DIA. Southwest Airlines has suspended all flights through 4pm.
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings
come in to BDW today! and get a green chile cheese dog combo for $5.99. Just say you saw it on FB...
I Need To Go Now See You Later :/
the awkward moment when you miss your ex-boyfriend and you fix him.
better check Austin and Rusty... they probably snatched it as the refs entered at 1B!
That may be the most embarrasing 63-27 win, ever
Everybody’s at war with different things…I’m at war with my own heart sometimes
My daddy is bringing me home sonic in about an hour! :DD
Halftime has mercifully arrived for Illinois: Wisconsin leads 31-18. That's a season low in any half for
I HATE TWITTER SO MUCHTHIS IS MY SECOND TWITTER BECAUSE MY OTHER ONE DIDNT ALLOW ME TO FOLLOW OTER PPL, & OTHER IS ACCOUNT IS DOING IT?! FML
Albie is SEXY
RT : The healthiest response to life is joy ~ Deepak Chopra
lateral files, classroom tables and chairs, dry erase boards and more...almost anything you would need for an office or classroom!!!!
I love that I have the option to "blacklist" someone in my text message application
haha that guy is a joke...
I rep only myself and love ones till the day I die. No hood, gang or city.....
bravo! Clever,scary, mindbending, and funny. Amazing!
People..it's a great reward to a job you love, because then it's not work at all...
So anything amazing happen since I left? lol via
Cartoon Network's 'Level Up: The Movie' now available on DVD - Plain Dealer (blog)
Statute of Aaron at Miller Park. Also Hank Aaron Trail. Henry Aaron is a Milwaukee sports icon in Atl. uniform?
Stick to country Music please. Lol.
unapproved on the forum at this time until I get some kind of formal go-ahead.
I want a henna tattoo from you! a cute little heart, <3
Can u please follow
Sachal Vasandani tomw night at the Jazz Gallery wth his commissioned piece called "Shoot the Messenger", tribute to a Russian journalist.
Can u feel me reading ur tweets? It's like a touch from god but not really.
MTV studied us "Millennials". We take smart cuts, not short cuts. We play fair, or you are fair game.
- welcome back big homie. - Rome
Wowza...allergies going nuts. Never good when it burns to breathe!
For #emdm tomorrow - is African business source gaining traction? seems like a good idea with daunting challenges.
Already misplaced my SGA name badge. For all the rotten luck...
Having some fun !
Some are BNSF, not sure about Union Pacific. Next time I'll check.
Innerneh can resurrect Arrested Development - can it get us the French Paraboot brand shoes in the states?
The tag team match between MVP & Matt Hardy against Finlay & Mysterio was a damn good match. Just thought I'd throw that out there.
I believe Ravens are a close 2nd in the rankings. Good "call." :-)
It was great! RT : Thank you , , , , for an amazing night!
Oh local commercials you so silly
We are going to be releasing 2 songs off our forthcoming album this summer before our US tour,
thanks, I can learn stuff from this :). Appreciate it.
Has anyone else ever notice how messy Justin Alamia's bathroom is. Lol
looks good! Does he keep it on? Ours spends 20 minutes trying to rip off his "Holiday Outfit"
Idc! I need pizza!!! Hahaha :P
You're not the only one.
sorry. Meant to say let's firm up plans on Sat or Sun. isn't Sunday the day you give bikini carwashes?
Finally going home after a great trip to D.C. and NYC. Posts to follow!
Sorry haven't posted my story yet, gonna do it in a bit :)
Someone having a bad day... a vehicle in the pond across from the snake river inlet off Swan Mt rd. Only a ski rack is visible...
new music dropping today tweet #burghorlandoami and help us trend!
I hope that local guy in findlay gets that smug CEO's job.
haha yes it actually is :)
I didn't think Phila would be Boston at home they got they win they needed ... They have to protect home court
#22 The Departed
Yep club me please omw to a photo shoot lookin chinese
Congratulations inductees, especially Charles Banks Wilson, recipient of our 2009 Oklahoma Humanities Award!
do you know how much is guaranteed?
btw - I really like the KEXP Kurt Vile set, I just wish that it had been broken into separate vids for the songs so I could rip them.
Feature: Smashing Pumpkins: &quot;I&#39;ll have the last laugh&quot;
We've got two new shows booked, Feb 12 & March 3, details at www.thescrams.com
No riding today, but did get to shovel the drive twice. Hopefully I get to do it again in the morning before work!
Oh no I'm drunk
The Papercutting of a Salesman
u play sim 3
Wait... I just re-read that last tweet. Apparently I'm 14.
Post Veterans Day trivia... who, from the Shenandoah Valley, earned the Medal of Honor?
Im boutta watch tv there isnt nothing else to do
Indeed, volunteer software -- I'd love to show it to you if you have a few minutes.
Linsanity continues! This dude is unreal..
arriving Monday afternoon. what's the plan?
I'm stending drunks to twitter
Congrats to for being our 100th Twitter follower! Find us Tweet us a hello.
awww thanks. I look tore up from the flo up in that pic haha
#preswk12 also harvesting digital video on YouTube. Not sure if accessible due to licensing and difficulty contacting content creators
powerful series Authority of a Believer - Sun. Pt3 The importance of ur words ~ Blessing & Cursing don't mix!
Studio flow .
BRB:D
I love She makes me happy. c:
Wish I had madden '12.
Today is a wonderful day to treat yourself to breakfast!
Mind goin' crazy, should I stay or keep goinnn'
| Our Downtown is coming alive! Let's support all of our Phoenix Suns!
Welcome! RT a few of my fellow service members & I r dining at your downtown Elways restaurant,right now. U should swing by
I need a fix. I need a Chilis.
Thx for all the birthday wishes. Great day. I'm undeservedly blessed. Thx to my lovely bride. Also, great lax win last nite Panther Select.
You ever play Undead Nightmare x box 360 what about MW3 call of duty?
I feel that the #republicans are in the dark kind of like when you email someone and they call you back instead of emailing. WTF?
Man: We've seen dysfunctional board after dysfunctional board. Gone through superintendents like crazy. We're tired.
Thanks for the retweet sweetie :)
I was never a 2chainz fan. But lately that boy be going I'n. He killed that mercy. -give credit when it's due...
The album comes out TOMORROW!
Nice. Looking forward to seeing your new direction.
Thanks god for letting me get up this morning
At the game. Its now sunny
Somebody take me to the Elsik after parties! 😁
A big thank you to all that took part in the filming of the TV spot. We'll let you know when it is up, so you can see it.
": The worst part about being lied too, is feeling stupid u believed it"
free = yeah doe!
"Sell your soul to the devil" - WTF!!!!! :o
Money talks, and unfortunately mine only can say "goodbye!"
uh no u stay away from Alex :) I lov my car too!
Sitting in lunch having chex mix and a water..
Goodnight Andrew!(: <3 Have a good sleep.. ^__^
of course s'mores would be awesome right now; at what point in life have you ever thought, "s'mores? nah, that'd be terrible."
Up bright and early. All emails returned.
Too bad your not you lol
oh no glee didn't, yes they did , did Chicago..
I like the fact that you guys are busy reporting.what the game is about
Dealing with DNS feels like working in slow motion. "Wait 24 hours for this propagation", "Wait 15 minutes for Linode DNS to refresh". Grr
Dawn used to be cool. Now she is a whiny hoe. GET OVER YOURSELF.
#this RT : William Levy ... You are beautiful not only on the outside but inside as well wow
Are you a Maintenance Technician or know someone who is in Indy? I've got a job for you. DM or email
Exhausted after three day laser meeting. At least it was in San Diego. Thrilled that was able to attend!!
Ma girl just got her Twitter page rock she need sum #followers >>>>>>>> #ff #teamfollowback show her how we roll
One of our girls is in the Military! Doesn't get much hotter than that!!
i wish i had the money to go to 's nyc show in june :(
Watch them make Chicago look better than it is.
Thanks for sharing. They were beautiful.
killed it last night...thanks for the grey goose shots
yea me to doc got me on a diet
New on the tweeter thing , what's to it
LOL, dude that's cool. ": my mom thinks that if she leaves food at my desk randomly that I'll just eat it. What am I, a stray cat?"
you are the best! thx! Although now that we are friends...we've got a fridge to move, do you have a truck?
I am so sorry guyzzzz i havent been on twitter 4 a long time :(
USA Network talking social with One of the best networks in the social space today.
I don't know whether to laugh or cry...maybe both are in order.
#TNWIC women celebrate computing in beautiful Tenneessee
my ole buddy John Edwards goes on trial today. Seems like just yesterday we were laughin' it up at Jim Black fundraisers
I listened to all your lies and sweet talking. I trusted you. I gave you my all and you let me down. I hope you're happy.
We have a splendid selection of edibles. Minty-O's, Cheesecakes, Carmels and savory items too! Where are you at?
It's been a hectic week. So I bought my first HOT DAMN! I will not tell my husband about my thing for MacKinnons
No rule on that-I just think he's been more valuable and won more games
Bienvenue au Twitter!
funniest two words in the game industry "innovative shooter"
Hey, you sing VERY good, can you give me a follow back?
i remember screaming my head off in the 90's during Bills playoff games saying "Biscuuuuuuuuuuuuiiiiiit!" BEAST LB!
GREAT question. RT Timing question: How long exactly until New Girl simply becomes Girl?
Just asked my mother to make roasted brussel sprouts for xmas eve dinner. Her response? "you need a boyfriend."
You must be a Mizzou fan
New York State's Comptroller announces audit of Long Beach, NY, to begin soon. Focus will be on summer programs.
Season's Tweetings: “He sees you when you’re sleeping”? Yeah, nothing creepy about that.
BTW, the director Stanley Kubrick married that actress. I would've too.
how ya been?
Casting call for Midwest fashion week is on August 20th, from 4:30pm location into salsa dance studio...
wow. never thought about the lesser of two evils in quite the same way...
when will you be here?
made it home to sweet puppy kisses! How's your boy?
FUCK BITCHES GET MONEY!! FUCK BITCHES GET MONEY!!!!! FUCK BITCHES GET MONEY!!!!!!!!!!
you will. Believe in yourself and work hard and you will make it! I study business economy
Last time I checked I was single... Don't be calling me months later nigga talking about where u been...
If only were here!
Power out in neighborhood and i am working from home. This means no internet. Don'want to go to work...
Lehrer: But I am optimistic. We have a tsunami of information available. That's a great thing.
PASSED. Get ready Basic!!!! Woohoo
Lmao(x ": I'm at the mall and I'm looking for something that says, "Hey I'm not a stripper, but I will put out.""
heading down to the #accordion fest. gonna be a great day!
hello, okay followed :)
... Phillip Phillips!!! 👌👍 you joined the AI train just in time for the good part :)
S/o f4f
has five of the top ten singles on iTunes. What??
Says the guys who think EoS contains his best material.
#FREEDEMRADIOPARTY Lets go!
Yeah I'm clapping along at home with john adams beatin his drum at the #Indians game
Few things can kill a soul faster than meaningless business speak. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go facilitate these deliverables.
Stomach hurting shawty. Its gotta be from a cum deficiency!
Rick Santorum speaks about his passion, poor black children. Oozing sincerity.
let's go! Haha
Thanks For that WISE U tube Very GOOD Bob
I ordered the fuel band medium - its been few hours and still no confirmation email. What gives?
by those same college grads who could not afford health care now can!
OAuth clearer, looking forward to #devexp improvements to come.
no I'm not
What I admire about someone is not what they do, but who they are, and how they are being in the world. That is the impact we can all have.
I don't think I ever rest....
RT": Restructure contacts get Osi!! Is this viable or am I reaching???"they play diff. positions and he costs way too much.
Here we go again..
i promise you'll love this band called poema!! ! they are awesome! :)
My favorite keys are black
You too!!
At home bored no ones home..need someone to chill wit
Let us know how it goes!
Also, the Pixies.
Really don't like this limitation that twitter has once you reach 2000 followers. You have to get more followers yourself, to follow others.
Thx to all the happy folks who came to the #SBVillage and wonderful volunteers who staffed more than 100 hours!
Oh look, 100 followers...let's throw a party...and did I mention the UWM Post interviewed me yesterday?
Missing the beautiful beaches of San Sebastian.
I'm very sorry to hear about your dad. Hang in there. You have my thoughts...
I've been reading your updates... just not commenting... I'm changing the way I use twitter!!!
I'm so ugly, I freakin' hate it.
Today I completed a flowchart and tracked down an executive order on the distribution of HIV treatment in Africa by former Prez Clinton.
Got me nap in... Now it's time for some Grand Prix racing from China...
Top Gun?
my condolences bro
Sourwood honey is better than the wildflower honey. It's killing me how delicious this is.
I need weed. And I need this day to be over. The vibe of today is complete and utter SHIT! So fuck this. And fuck Wednesdays.
I was thinking he same thing! For me, and now that you bring it up, you too.
Thanks! I'm curious which ones you voted for.
Even 3-0 is too early to celebrate with this team. Groan. Shoulda heard the volume in BAC when Cats scored tying goal. Wow.
o you knw what sounds good right now chocolate lol anything chocolate #ThatsWhatIWant right now
ok MS Word, it's time for me to figure out the gritty details of how your page numbering works.
twitter gm's errrrrywhere
Listening to all damn day. Headphones on blast
I have an awesome "work permit" from Germany in my passport.
Feel free to let them know that companies like mine use that bridge almost daily servicing out customers!
Painting tonight
Damn man what the fuck
"If you can't be with the one you love, love the one you're with."
Levon Helm- God Bless So sad
Truly - to a one, everyone in that band has an impressive solo career. Fairly awe-inspiring.
Creeped out a little bit because I found a random twitter account that's only following me & Justin Bieber .__.
Blah blah blah
to get myself outta trouble fer springin news on 'im like that without a "if you please"
Noone has found the secret message on our Twitter page yet? You kidding me?
and an hour later, still no coupon...
Tweetin in the treetops all day long blah blah blah blah singing my song
Good luck to our junior crews traveling to Dallas this weekend for their first competition of the semester- S.W.E.A.T. (indoor rowing)
Huge congrats to all the Ovation winners!!
RT : Thanks for following me here! [Thanks for bringin us the City every day Francesca!]
Yeah it's a great piece and Shadid's death is such a loss to the world and Packer nation in particular. Glad you enjoyed it!
How fast can you add graphics to a car? Match 2.2 of the Wrap Cup Masters is underway!
I see that it's a special date & today we celebrate. Not for cat or rat or even a moose but today it's a birthday 4 a doctor named
Shopping Cart Manufacturers: did you know u need a new cart? #IHaveAnIdea ! It is useful and easy to use. It would be so much better. 3112
Although it IS my "beat" (I'm on drums and production), I'm not claiming it as my own. It's jus a remix. LOL!!
Don't worry about a thing cause every little thing is going to be alright (:
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid is where I wanna be! Like Snoop & Wiz sang: Young, Wild & Free!
Talk to you in 90 minutes.
everyone experiences trauma in different ways. It is a derailment of the normal relationship between mind/body/food.
RT : #Cancer's have a sweet nature.
Rejection is direction!
Editing photos and trying out some new techniques
what's up
oh wait he ran off
oh. i thought you actually cared.
Keep you beneath the stars.. Won’t let you touch the sky.. ♥
When I grow up I want to live in Brooklyn.
"I will ask the owner-- Stop using this excuse "
Graduate to the next level with this week's Custom and Micro Beds! Check them out now on #productionvault!
We're wrapping up this six-month project, and we'd like to thank all our community members and partners for their participation.
She plays Barbies. Of course she does.
allright now let's look 4 it :D
Hahaha i love laughing with my mom :D
very jealous! :)
We're still offering the Bangers and Mash Omelette, Fried Oysters and Eggs plus Mulligatawny soup....
Welcome to May, otherwise know as Membership Drive month.
Mass was so long Omqqq
Ohh, and Christina, that, "...he's a real man who doesn't put down women.." really?! Just shut up!! What you did was ridiculous. Ugh!
Time to eat
hey bro! Tried to follow back but was forbidden! Lol!
Boy o boy
agreed, bad idea. I say a combo of Kohl and the Potawatomi Tribe build it (or maybe NML). thanks for the follow too
best tweet ever, this just made my weekend!! Wish I was there to recreate this one year anniversary
no wonder she looks puzzled
Fuzzed out mindz from fuzzed out kindZ
Other Area Division 3 teams at Deerfield Classic include: Princeton/Green Lake, Fall River & Madison Country Day, which is co-oping w/ ALC
Ah, Charleston...it's such a nice feeling to wake up in Charleston.
: I want it all
I'm tryna play the clock like dat
no but i want him too
keep on doing what you do to keep the music living and breathing. Appreciate you!
I have the bestest staff ever! Happy birthday to me :)
Don't forget the KPIG sticker, which is rarely seen next to the "W"
LAX'N with colldog soon
Another day another plane . . . Going from Detroit to Norfolk for a symposium
Tafur vs. Kawakami 5 5 minute rounds. They seem to be the most feisty.
Abuse of your #freewill is like getting high on your own supply.
my parties are 99.9% gay men because they are always down to rage!
You know someday you're going to design something amazing for me ;)
Love when he doesn't get the sarcasm or the joke and then ALL of the sudden he does. :) #slpeeps He does a great job.
Stop attacking kids, The children are our future!
oh, yeah. meant to ask if you'd converted your desk?
awesome! thx!! the reposts and curating of #cxcw will be the jam!!
Pretty sure Jordan is just making all this up as he goes along. This shit ain't planned.
My butt hurts
Adam Yauch RIP
Really mad at my twitter app right now, just discovered three tweets I thought I posted that were never sent.
It's raining Atlanta come Park at Indoor for Outdoor Pricing. Please stop by the outdoor booth attendant first to park Indoor for $6.99/day!
So done with this class. It's about that time.
NO! Well, maybe its not so bad. we can open a franchise taco cart, do better than them and buy them out :D
Go follow honestly he FOLLOWS back !! #TeamFollowBack ..
I don't like Mark. I haven't for a few seasons. I want Donald to go to finals. I think Derek and Maria will go though.
haha no not yet! I don't think she will be very happy!
Anytime Its Truee I Won't Okayy(:
I should probably go shower.
your most welcome tie stealer!
I hope TEC is ready for C and Z! Oh, and: that's a long way from a baptism in the Harding fountain...
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.~Sri Chinmoy
Thnx for the #FF's & Right back @ ya & I hope you all have a great weekend!
#NDSA Y. Stickler on why projects fail: never tell anyone, no history/proof of concept, unrealistic expectations, 2 much biz 2 li'l passion
in that case, you could do something silly to relieve the stress, like adding "with a moose" to the end of every sentence.
For example, combining health & environment sensors, can correlate asthmatic symptoms with air pollutant measures.
Procrastination = my worst enemy
Go to bed
yes it does :)
#Watching horror movies!
why the hell not?! 😡
my fantasy picks have been pretty good lately. had Kuchar, Singh, Simpson and Day at #Barclays. gets tougher w/ eliminations for FedEx Cup
i wish for that too.
What did u guys think of #Wrestlemania28 ?
Happy Birthday
My doc will also get the disks.
I just asked a guy for a light and he said with a big 'tude "nope! Sorry!I don't touch cancer causers" - I hope he gets cancer and dies.
therein lies the crux of my frustration w/everything!why will NO one, Dems included, call the GOP out on their obstructionism?
Playing 12-2 at the grand opening of Fox Auto Superstore in Nicholasville today. Stop by and check it out-BH
I'm glad you agree. :) cc
of course you can! ill give one right now!
yes indeed!
The most marketable to young boys... And the most beefy ones.
We're out of waffles. My morning is ruined.
Dear immune system: can you please start doing your job and get rid of this nasty feeling I have, before I get full blown sick! Thanks.
Eek, less than ten minutes till Vampire Diaries! I can't wait! Happy Thursday!
whoops, I sent PC tips. Can you check your Temporary Recordings folder under Home\Movies\Camtasia 2
New Prince CD came out yesterday sold only at Target. I went to his concert on saturday nokia theatre la live it was great.
skills pay the bills! Great fight
Caring my phone eveywhere I go.
any reason for this years cancellation?
think just friends. Browse around the website.
Just cause your my girlfriend dosent mean I have to agree with you..
watching videos, an hour later.. hmm i have homework...
Totally normal. The new normal, that is...
We will have to do again. Can't get enough of your fig pizza and awesome wine list. #delicious!
so long Vegas. thanks for taking all of my money.
It's like we have the same brain! My thoughts exactly!
Exciting work!
#YouKnowYoureBroke when you can recite your EBT card number by heart...all 19 digits
I wish a certain someone saw that
ok and then after that we can have a race and see who wins that.
is attending the 6th Annual Silk Road Conference on July 20th in Chicago.
Prosecution has made some points as well, but how well Hardin does tomorrow v. MacNamee is going to be make or break (cont)
Bowling later on..? I think so.(:
In addition to our Career Fair on Wed., we have our Monthly Mega Networking Event at Johnny's tomorrow evening!
you get over this step... and then there will be freedom. =]
How was your St. Patty's Day Weekend? Are you still recovering?
The only work tweet you'll ever read from me: On time, under budget, and unanimously approved.
I have the same vacuum.
Every week I'm blown away by what God is doing at To our team: You guys are incredible! Love doing life with you!
it's not like a movie, it's not all skin & bones!
so am I off your shit list? Lol
i love #FoodSleep&Music
great to be home after a long long trip don't forget the plastic duck.........
Come to the Grackle tonight for some good music and free beer... us, Ume, Life & Times, Magnet School. Art Vs. Science... So many bands
Tomorrow night will be our last show for about a month. Don"t miss it. Doors open at 7 and music starts at 8.
Same here. It's been a long week. -____-
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION!! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?x :)
Add me ,, berry's 2265CC6F
Anyone else planning on distributing through ?
Hi sweet friend! How are you?
SOUPS ARE ON LIKE DONKEY KONG! We have New England Clam Chowder, Cauliflower Pepper Jack, Roasted Veggie Lentil, French Onion &Corn Chowder!
We told u about Alberta's eugenics; #Didyouknow it happened in the US too? NC committee recommends $50K for victims & educational exhibits
Mitt gets question about RomneyCare, slams a dead Ted Kennedy to get a rise, awk pause from audience. Fuck you Mitt Romney.
unfortunately it's not very optomistic
I hate to badmouth anyone I've never met personally, but I find it impossible to respect Lars Von Trier as a filmmaker or a person. -JO
oh okay good Lol, shit my phone dead :(
please do!!
im working but sonn i will retire using the opportunity here on peoplestring
No problem at all. This is Malcolm by the way :)
Back at home sweet home goodnight everybody !
Was curious to hear your thoughts about real-time operational intelligence. Speaking with some folks at Red Bull about this
“Freedom begins between the ears.” Edward Abbey
Certainly a legit point, but without vote from legislature or electorate, those in favor will just have to wait longer.
#InTheSummer niggas gone lose they mind seeing all these half naked females walkin around
open invite to our morning show!! anytime. right,
is teaching an advanced social media class! Wish you were here!
Lime putty mortar is more flexible than portland-cement based mortars - and not just for restoration anymore....
Deep Fried Twinkie's ya'll.
i want to go to bed, but pintrest won't let me.
You say its long-distance but I like to think of it as "geographically-challenged". ;)
7 minute commute home from work. AMAZING.
Even if not sued Brewster is setting norms for how copyright should work. When one can't change the law start with the norms.
This guy is DONE.... let the celebrations begin tonight!!!
Sorry for letting you down :(
it's getting hot in here. Go Wings!
RT : "LaBellaBooms Haha its cool im just mad u aint tell me ur husband followed me lol" <~ my fault. Oops. 😉 ;)
We are excited to check out your new spot! See you later! RT : Excited to show off our office today...
If you want you got it, You got that Va Va Voom.(:
OH: "The error is wrong."
- As an Arizona resident, imagine having to live with Brewer, McCain, Kyl and Pearce. Even the sky is red here...sigh
Good evening....love the new pic!!! How are you????
Tweet me ANYTHING and I'll pick 1 winner that will get a DM to Austin :)
RT : Are you in the Richmond area? If so you MUST stop in LeenaLu tomorrow for a Sassy Shoe Gallery surprise!!
DAMNIT COWBOYS, Can't y'all do ANYTHING right!!
Ok im off to the Ridgewood Country Club have a blessed say Tweople
Done with twitter...I'm tired. Nighty night friends.
just love who you are right now, the happier you are with yourself, and your situation the more people are attracted to you
High 5! RT : Thanks for the support &
Oh No! Paul Motian died today. An unbelievable jazz presence has left us. One of my favorites.
I hope this doesnt turn into a dr phil episode : Join #lrnchat tonight at 8:30 EST. tonights topic? METAPHORS
hi DAMN BOY u got insane abbs!!!!!!! Lol
talk to u later baby. i love you q
Sometimes the detours and interruptions turn out to be the point of the journey...slow down and listen today.
Manhattan is the last place you wanna b with your tank on E!
Leaving 2mro for tiny island off coast of Maine w/barely any cell reception...oh yes + a hurricane called Irene will be there too. Yay!
Moments away from a super awkward Saban Gatorade bath. 20 seconds of "bonding" with players then back to recruiting trail.
If you didn’t see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears, don’t invent it with your small mind & share it with your big mouth.
Classes that can't be time shifted are so 90's
As a Pastor, I fight for the right to practice one's faith without government interference. Let's restore the American Dream!
thank you love!
ap student: "i have an ap test and not math ap math and i need my ap calcutor and ap lunch ap everything."
People should not be rude to people who handle their food!
TGIF &THANK GOODNESS FOR THE SUN! Enjoy this beautiful day with a warm, juicy beef burger or one of our delectable veggie burgers! Opentil8!
Im pretty sure i used to see one on campus between classes all the time a couple of semesters ago!!! lol
RT #QuitActing like you don't want it (;
Twitter reenactment?
NEVER TOO COLD TO GET YER TITS OUT - signed, Everyone from The Generation After Ours
Casting call this Saturday for "Losing it With Jillian." See www.sdfilm.com for more info!
im lame haha
To build an on line community that loves the NFL Draft as much as I do. Additionally to educate Draft fans with my experience.
People should stop interviewing Ted Nugent he's obviously off his rocker.
Congrats to #Enes Kanter!!! What a year it could have been at #UK. Thanks for the UK love
FUTURE IS BETTER THAN LIL B ! Who Agrees & Who Disagrees Lol ? Anybody ??
Sammy Watkins Arrested: Clemson All-American Receiver Busted On Drug Charges
Have you seen the gallery display of glass orchids by the amazing artist Debora Moore? Only on view until April 8!
Hey chris can u do a shoutout to zayan from chain of lakes middle school
has a CALLBACK today for the supporting role of Mitsy Lyon: a fashion-obsessed, high-octane, kooky suburban mom - in Columbia Thesis film.
Plugging away at the new novel! Sit tight and you'll have it in your hands soon!
Every town needs a knitter, right?
woah make the ground move that's an
on Disney xd marvel master spiderman vs venom U need to check it out ...great job again!
#followWednesday Thanks so much for the #shoutout - very much appreciated! Have a SUPER day.
Caffeinated Quiz! First to answer question and win ! Ford Motor Company indicates that X% of every vehicle is recyclable.
We're a little busy at the moment :) It's on our list though /cc
Whitespace = draw own conclusions "A good presentation is a conversation. The audience needs a chance to play their role." via
Starting our first antihistamine free day as we await a new round of food allergy testing next week.
Back to business tommorow!
appreciate the insights was wondering if you wouldn't mind sharing some more thoughts can you email me
Good ass weekend ☺ back to reality tomorrow.
Follow the Constitution and make everyone pay taxes. Cut spending now. Not decrease in increase.
Don't hide behind parliamentary inquiry. The principal of independent judicial inquiry is established in law.
<3 that show
Please share info re personal workflows w/me!
Damn i miss the old Justin i know some of you are gonna wanna go off on me talking smack but i really miss the old him :(
Thanks Ed!
Hahaha! You typed! :D N me mad at you?? Nigga please..
#80Degree weather today,
Who was the first to see a cow and think "I wonder what will happen if I squeeze these dangly things and drink whatever comes out?"
Any specific new spas or boutiques? And events in March or April 2012?
#nowplaying Walt Dickerson, "I Love You".
30 is just scary. I certainly wouldn't want him as a dad.
#AGirlDeserves a guy that will keep all the promises her ex broke.
thanks for letting me know that. I love the feedback!!!
Your vote is noted :-)
Our shirts make awesome funny gifts for any young #armo you know. #imjustsayin Xmas sale, 25% off code: xmas25 expires january 6
I understand myself
I was just spaztastic just like you!!!! :P
Filling up the gulf 1 gallon at a time
Love it!! “: I want to bake a million things until there's no more sugar in all the world because I made frosting with it.”
i will follow back if you ask♥
your ad bar is shit. Quit fucking with my
that is the most awesome way i've ever heard anyone describe that!!! Yay!!
people are so overrated
#parkwayclassic done. Boom! I just finished a 10.2 mi run with a pace of 9'16"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
There are those who know how to treat God's people. Everyone is special in God's eyes. God is sick of elitism in His house.
GSA is the single best thing that has happened to FHS.
Don't blame the marketing department. The buck stops with the chief executive. John D. Rockefeller
i love takin a project bitch somewhere she aint neva been before (Gotti)
Walked today! Looking forward to tequila lime chicken quesadillas for dinner. Yum! Thanks for the awesome chicaken, Tischlers!!
Missing you already!
Wouldn't miss it! Your web-scraping sessions were a big hit last year, btw
Love you cousin! I'm proud at how far you're going (:
Who is ? In math: My solution. In history: My king. In chemistry: My reaction. In art: My heart. In me: My inspiration! ♥
your stalker (me) loves you! ;D
she can stay at my house.. I'll clean the dog cages just for her company. 😏
