Palladia is such a rad channel. Saw a super sick Soundgarden 2010 performance recently that got me inspired.
I like this one better though...
Thanks Mel. That *really* helps!
Real human beings In a real human struggle...if you have some light, please let it shine.
Are you guys ready for whats about to go down its gona be epic!
If you're rockin a smart phone don't forget to "check-in" on your Facebook app while you're here. Thanks Fuji fans.
Trust God from the bottom of your heart; don't try to figure out everything on your own. Proverbs 3:5
I hope they don't but it has been a bad day for 2's.
Talk to the hand, cause the face ain trynna hear it!
App is VERY buggy for me. Most descriptions go to blank pages. Would be nice to be able to create schedule by clicking on events
Hey my friends. Wells Fargo needs a some letters. Wouldn't let me use bathroom, let an eight year old boy use it. Going there 12 years.
happy birthday to youu!! :D
Thanks 4 the follow - if u know any arts mgrs interested in graduate school, send 'em my way! Would love some Aussie recruits!
My boyfriend does something really cool in a few episodes from now...keep watching it ;)
Put on the boxing glove and touch it. Or at least a pair of the white gloves they carry it with. BOOM TOUCH THE CUP!
Good Morning guys!! ;)
More proof that in Hollywood u're only as good as ur last project. DIsney film chief resigns over "John Carter" lackluster box-office. Boo!
YOUR ICON.
Deeply enjoyed hearing #KenBurns speak last night on the National Parks; going out to look inward, sharing the rediscovery of our roots.
ya esta! un latinoamerica best coffee day! Your vote?
I love Fight Club!
I am coaching the MP Tigers in the Richmond Little League. ANy love you
Sweet. I have to be at work in 4 hours and my tow truck broke down. Awesome.
Me and him gone fight lol
What happened to my copy of Blackout! 2?
So tired. got home at like 2 ... But HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to my amazing Mom ♥
hahaha aha(: you would go gay for him(; thats hella funny(: but he is grand(:
Throwing Candy When the Crew Locks up Home Field Advantage!
hell's, you crazy
#NCAAB my money on Kentucy..yes
Break time. Ice cold Coke in hand
I wish manic panic would ever stay in my hair but it likes to quickly depart
#Imagine Waking up in the morning to find Liam cooking. Liam:"Good morning babe! I made breakfast for you.'' *Smiles and kisses you*
After watching that video, I'd agree with you. You guys need less meth and more practice. Have any other good home videos?
Dude at school said man my freshmen yr the hoes out here were bad now the hoes ba Lmfao
Google Nails 2011: Portrait of a Banner Year
I did, what's the deal with that? I was in the excellent lot c, now I have to park in g for the playoffs!
MAC MILLER @ MY SKOOL THIS WEEKEND...PSYCHED!....Yea right youd have to pay me just as much as him to get in that gym..
Wtf dude just come to the freakin beach. Its not that hard
Just unfollow me, theirs no need 2 talk about it, just do what u do best.
Whoever's on here lookin at my page an seeing wat I put on here an run back to my girl an tellin her shit is a straight up bitch holla at me
At Watertown Bridal Fair - set up took WAY less time than anticipated - but good thing, 'cuz I forgot something...
New best friend <3
I always like how NYC subway stations are filled with yesterdays weather. Makes me feel like a time traveller
Leap day special western turkey with bacon,bbq,and fried onions. Roll the dice. Your total is 29 lunch is on us
Watchn TV .... Comforting
neither do I. Can she teach us?
just ordered flowers for my Nan and Mom.
A fun wine fact: red wine gets lighter with age and white wine gets darker!
hahaha yay coz I'm cool and in math :/
i think was talking about the windows of the banks
RT ":Ugh he curse too much for me.....next"<--I feel u
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that San Antonio people either like Dallasites or hate us
“: Laying down at camp next to communicating via twitter :x haha oh and #pumpedforthishike” #YES 💘😁
bring the fury fest was fun thanks for letting us play! :) any thing else coming soon to philly? Let us know please!
Sending supplies your way! Best pens in the neighborhood, we think. :)
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers8
Anderson: Critical Commons: searchable, downloadable, library of fair use clips, curated lectures and playlists
When #ItSeemsLike nobody cares, God cares. When it seems like nobody is there for you, God is ready to listen.
The biggest, most unquestioned answer of our culture is our relationship with money...
Oh my god. My night was made. <3
Only 4 more days until the #Rivoli cleanup on Saturday, the 14th.
no! leave it! thats so cute! :)
Global Veterinary Vaccines Industry
office? really? I'm getting TextMate for sure.
I am so not feeling the love right now.
Well, thank goodness for Spirit Day.
hey Mikey tell Wanda I said happy mothers day:)
that's too bad seemed like an instant classic.
Haha nothing mean about that comment. I know I'm missing out. And yes, AZ is making wonderful wine & growing!
ill prolly regret it later on but I really don't feel like playing. I will miss our kacie and kaycee moments though ⚽😢
Its gonna be a long day...
One other audience answer to "most important composer of the 20th century": Phillip Glass
hello everyone
Oh hello 14 text messages..
Where in the world is my mommy.
“Before you can learn a new way of doing things, you have to unlearn the old way. ... So beginnings depend on endings.” — Rick Maurer
Finished my workout! Worn OUT!
loveblove love house of Anubis ah it would b awesome.if.i met the cast
how has biz been?
Count Arthur Strong: 'Just a bonkers old bloke': Count Arthur Strong has been attacked for being politically inc..
We want to know....where do you plan on traveling this summer? Spring Break?
Great dinner tonight. Thanks to and the rest of the team looking forward to returning soon.
Memories take us back dreams take us forward.
In Heaven alone peace sheds her light; / There reigns pure bliss, / Calm happiness, / And one long day undimm'd by night. (1850)
#amwriting queries. If we had to send them all by snail mail, would that result in fewer queries to secure representation?
massiemendem529 (massiemendem529) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
When God moves... you just have to take a seat and watch him work.
I miss backyard hang!!! I migh
Estrada getting hit HARD to start the 4th.
Only 23 days til #graduation!! It's exciting stuff!
It actually means "bit of heart" or "touch of heart" so close!!!
Beautiful day today in Philly. Get out there and enjoy the fresh air before the next round of cold air comes.
Thanks for the follow. Good luck with your exhibit!
Hell yeah! RT : I like money and bitches and bitches wit money!
break a leg! :)
#arentyoutiredof doing all the cleaning yourself? call 586 663 0054 today! Leave the cleaning to us!
I am gonna buy a some #Vikings wearables tomorrow. #Voting with my dollars. Thanks #mnleg yes voters, #gov, #Wilf family, and fellow fans
fuck my eyelash in the picture looks like ****e's lmfao
I'd like to hear vs on "productivity" of wealthy vs the working poor.
One thousand gasps! The realization that H O U S E, M. D. returns on Monday keeps punching me in the face =D GLORIOUS!
Great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones surround us every day. ~Sally Koch
Is a new home smell comparable to a new car smell? I get excited all the same.
me neither sexy!
Sometimes we're good at giving advice, but not following our own.
Sure I bet :-D lol
The new social media tool that has 97% Fans that are women! Good to know
Shit's become so much more real to me lately, seriously follow me for some inspirational shit. Trust.
I won't hurt you, I just want your liiiiffffe! Dracula Dead and Loving It
Oh and a nigga who is 18 that wears glasses.
Hi Anne, we'd love to share our mustang song with you what's your email? You'll be one of the first to hear the album version!
man you must be getting old
We have Salad Reward Cards!Create your own chopped #salad, buy 7 get 1 #FREE Make em count, come & try today !
traditions gonna tradish
At the Radio Bar. Great place!!
Chk out the latest projects on the WAVE website....thnks to our clients who keep referring us, your such a great part of the story!!!
Packing gear for Last time I ran in Pen. St. Park was probably high school (trad. Mem. Day camping).
First time I saw the link. I think you are back in the lead.
Sign up for beach Volleyball. Woohooo .
Having options is optimal for media buyers
BH welcomes Illinois Craft Brewers Guild! ICBG reps outstanding craft beers 3 Floyds, Goose Island, Revolution, Half Acre, & many many more.
haha gotta love my giant windbreaker, it really makes me look pro
Thanks for the follow Johnny - we appreciate it. We generally suck at playing the #guitar, however.
Being at work tonight sucks .. 😒
OBAMARS DESTROYING THE ECON--er... RT : #Dow closes at 4-year high on strong manufacturing data. Nasdaq gains 0.6%, S&P edges higher.
What do Nick Diaz and Amy Winehouse have in common????
I'll be working all week on a new exclusive release I was asked to do.
If you own a property or know someone that does and we can help manage it let us know, we will increase your bookings!
#ThrowbackThursday starts now! $2 beers and $5 watermelon crushes while DJ Pumpin Paul plays your favorite 80s & 90s tracks!
Like this song..it sounds good & i started laughing:) && I saw on Brandons FB :D
DC, you look marvelous, Darling
"1617 White Street alone is worth the $25," said several yesterday. Today 10-4. 5 houses Mention this Tweet for gratitude. RT
What's your schedule like this week?
might be jumping to conclusions early, but its doubtful Jack Trudeau told Ron Zook to let IU jump to a 10-0 lead
It was a huge blessing to be able to teach parents on how to protect their children from harmful things online! Great job, Jeff Morrison!
who needs a nickel? I've got a change jar and I don't mind sharing :)
Respectfully my issues dont agree he extended Bush Tax cuts has us in a 3rd war and put social security on the table
Walk your broken heart through that door, sit to sexy ass on that couch, wipe that lipstick off your mouth I take it, slow..
I feel like a Swearengen moment is coming on.
that happen today? NeoN chick?
stop with the homework omg
lol i know right!
I kept out of my datasets and charts on a matter of principle.
Okay I'm getting up and get ready :)
doubt it.
Pretty much can't go wrong with #Pavement on a Friday afternoon.
already we passed a sobriety check point, this bus thing rules!!!
I am watching twouble with twitters on YouTube. I am hopeless.
#TeamMindless yall really need TO STOP !!!!1 please for the sake of mb !
Oh, I just meant there were many "linchpin" moments, reactionary policy & scandal, but none effected lasting outrage, change.
Love is above the law.
RT : #Cancer stresses themselves out by overanalyzing situations
I never see the fail whale anymore. Sad. Wonder if it has gone the way of the whales....
RT this if you see this because you got epic unicorn swag ;)
If you have an hourly job, who is in control of your wealth? How much does the owner earn off of your efforts? Capitalism?
Going to bed, goodnight:)
The #Pens need to fix their power play quick or the #Flyers will take more & more liberties w/o fear of the #pens scoring on the PP.
Sigh of relief. RT BREAKING NEWS: James Michael McAdoo will return to UNC for his sophomore season.
Mixtape dropping memorial day weekend!
": Give me a full body massage. #SoIKnowItsReal" i'm a pro at those :))
Twitter is such a great source of current news. Almost makes me wish I was watching #SNL to catch that #F-bomb. What were the reactions???
Lies are always the sweetest. Just ignore that bitter aftertaste. RT: : AT&T to media: "Isn't our bait tasty?"
Hm, still coming up for me...
I read this tweet before your earlier one; thought you were demanding a pinto truck. Not that I'd object to a Rancho Gordo truck...
I told your old bitch she was fucking a lame.
I'm really excited to be 17, I don't know why.
Tim McCarver really just said that he believes it will be proven that MLB offense is up due to climate change.
God’s design of you is intentional. You aren’t like your mother, sister or friend for a reason.
Justus Williams, finalist meets Mayor RT Met mayor Bloomberg. Sounds like a good guy. Shorter than he looks on tv
Testing out our "structure validation service" for checking chemical structure files for hypervalency, charge balance, absent stereo & JUNK
Also on the list of capitalists donating to the Malaysia Mission: Fannie Gamble, daughter-in-law of the founder of Proctor & Gamble
THAT'S THE WORST FUCKING THING
but the haircuts.
right on gabby.. & 3 months..
So true. It will be interesting to see how you deal with fraud. Keep us tuned in to those developments.
in the US?!
I think it's an amazing talent :) I seriously want to take a lesson from you!
Showing a woman how much you can love ......is the greatest thing...when its her... Kiss kiss amanda
OMG 13 HOURS I CANT DO THAT THAT SUCKS BIG TIME
and that Phillip crazy! What a loon!
are helping to
Huh. The wellness coach is giving the wrong date for the RIT CPD stress management seminar. She said April 17, it's May 2.
and the countdown begins..4 days and 5 finals to summer!!
Happy birthday
love love love this one
I wonder if people started to see the benefit of #opendata to evolve our government and increase citizen participation...
The ref saw the hit he flinched when a pad was going to hit him.
Not only is this line of rain coming through #Austin pretty heavy but surprisingly cold for this time of year.
Watch: The Best 2012 Super Bowl Commercials! -
Cloudy day...stop by and come get a cup of hot coffee.
"A parting lover whispered it to me." The best response ever to the question: "How did you hear about us?"
Japan scores again, take a 3-1 lead over Sweden. Not a good play by the Sweden keeper.
RT : Omg, can't believe [team name] picked up [player name]! Are they [emotional state]?!
Your jokes are weak, quit STALKING MY PAGE.
yess it would be!
Whatever you put up online, treat it as though it will go public
I am never, what was I thinking again. Dam memory.
Weird, isn't it? RT : I'm in a room full of LIS students. I feel OLD.
for those who enjoy old time country blues www.akzstudios.com/
We are in #Downtown #SanJose today! Don't miss out on a chance to eat The Food of Champions! We all know how healthy #ahi and #salmon is!
Have i been wrong this whole time? is this what i thought it was? i dont know...
A day filled with grant writing. Best Wishes to all!
Gee, I hope so, it would be really helpful as notes!
Bought an $8 dress the other day because of it's similarity to a Jackson Pollock painting..which sounds like a bad thing but it's quite cute
We'll see!
Good luck! I'll be picking up #Ektorp this weekend! Love the names
#FF Some great breweries -
I NEED FRIENDS IN ALBUQUERQUE.
Another day in the life!
no no no we can't use bond $ to pay teachers salaries.
Teacher- "Don't pack up yet! We still have a few minutes!" Students- *pack up slowly & quietly*
Category 22-a-b winner is Eric Sawitoski Aon
Love someone not because they give you what you need, but because they give you feelings you never thought you needed
I'm good for coffee sometime.
Readythe cards are thrown on the table I love you selena already decided I want to follow me in this life so complicated but inmy teens much
incredibly distracted by the glorious smell of people grilling outside the stud.
"Jazzhands" in Joel's voice
"Our Homeland and Our Country" is the theme of the Orpheus Male Chorus of Phoenix spring concert series - starting tomorrow. Get tickets...
nice shot!
- I just had my reply to you tweet disappear into thin air and i have no wine, so i win the Mess Contest ;-)
very nice! Are they letting you all check in the hotel yet??
Don't forget on the event during Club Crawl. Performances by and a couple more. 21&up.
Thanks for the great information #KunoFB , , , ,
To all following me and others, I am a journalist looking for a job, I hate my current work so if anyone can help me out message me
me and hickey and Cuz'n are like, "hahahahahahahaha!!" right now.
I pulled one of those once ..paper planes flying too high ..got that
yup! Feb is my detox month ( usually bc it's the shortest month ;) )
#ipad snap shield cracked after less than a week
These ladies are rock stars in central Ohio!! Stephanie & others featured in Next on time warner ch 362
Sure! You can have until Friday if you want.
RT Really good presentation by from #GitHub at ! Love the service man
are gonna be performing on Letterman tonight. Tune in or set yr DVRs.
S/0 TO cause I love you oh so much as well !!! (: & I'm now following back ;) muahsz
:( u missed pancake shape making day obviously I won this competition. We need special breakfast day when u get back
Farm bill doing so much damage, that tweaks won't do it! Brian Snyder
I refuse to believe this #loveaddiction show is real. This guy is too much of a mess....😳
Awesome, I mention the word thong in a tweet, and I get retweeted by a bunch of bots...
biz a usual -- little sleepy today.
that helps me relax and get calmer and eventually fall asleep xD i like that feeling
I knew you would love it! I'm going to make time to read it again very soon.
Friend: why did you become a mahomie? Me: why we need water, air, and food? Friend: for life? Me: exactly. Mahomie for life (:
I had a wicked slam while i was boarding down a big ass hill
Home dates against UW-SP and Hardin Simmons are awesome, but the home game against Linfield has to be circled on the calendar
iF YUh DONt WANt ME {NOW} i DNt WANt YOU {LATER}
Lmao ! And you hit me in the face with your gatorade later on !
Respond to the patterns accordingly.
what's going on?? Hope everything is okay. Hope you feel better.
Am I really watching Celebrity Apprentice...what is happening to the world...
Case's 2nd INT of the day/year is just as bad as the first. Big Baylor return to the Texas 11. Need a stop here,
We spend our days lifting people and companies up, not putting people and companies down. www.VelocitySolutionsLLC.com
BOOM : Did I just hear correctly Bryce Harper hit himself in head with bat? And I thought I was having bad luck.
yes deff :D
*laughs* sorry...
#twitterlesstim - I swear I didn't no where my was all week but it ends up it was in my wallet the whole time lol good one .
Wow maybe to you i could!!
Snow in Olympia, WA my hometown, I am really thankful for this streak of good weather we've had. Hoping it continues
"falling into place" is a good bullseye to aim for, methinks.
Headline:"RNC: We've only just begun to fight for Latinos"Translation: we opportunistically need latino vote, so we've just now begun 2fight
This young archives assistant on Jeopardy is my new hero! Go girl go!!
Jesus loves you
Hey Mark, thanks for the mention, we can always use the help. Stay safe!
hook it up!
Jeeze these last 40 min are gonna drag ass, especially listenin to a boring ass mofo talk about hairy men. Ninja go to your desk!
WILL you please follow me back? It would make my day 100% better :D
Didn't ask where but when. :)
Been there! Know how you feel. Enjoyed "Stop Coddling the Super" by the way. Fine piece of writing.
glad you like Remote Conductor! Inertial scrolling is on our list.
Nursing my mouth :-( Got my upper rightwisdom tooth out yesterday. OUCH!
Step yo game up
What are your #holiday plans?
You look like a dumb ass when you don't know that dumb ass is two words.
Thank you for the list love! :)
And now, let's move on to yesterday's action in the 5pm hour.
I'm gonna get a huge hat that says, "I'M MARRIED!!!" Maybe they'll get the hint.
girl at the park with dewayne
I would like to see this!
When can we join to be consultants for Layers? I can't wait to sell it!
Attention, people with abnormally long names: Get a nickname or something and stop breaking my page layouts.
yes, everything.
I just wanna see you strip RIGHT NOW !
Have fun!
Lmao. I just said, "Does that make me a stalker because I read the convo & knew it was me?"
5 hours of sleep. LIKE A BO$$ ;p
#QuoteOftheDay: "I can't breath, it's called asthma!" - "You don't even have asthma! It's called out of shape!"
Lunch? Why that's my favorite midday meal! Tues/Wed are best for me next week. I get filled up quick, so DM & lock it down!
Thank for the tip! I'll try the book.
U all do the same I'm going 2 b Chi-town bound in about 2 hrs :D RT : #hilarious yall have a good week.
Wearing false eyelashes and a discount thong in case anybody feels like being disappointed later ;)
can you please let know exactly what you were doing, on which client and what happened. thanks!
Another drop-in in front if 7
Two days before Christmas in Tahoe and there's still no snow?
Mavs-Lakers Game 1 watch party tonight INSIDE American Airlines Center. Party starts at 8:30 p.m. Tip-off is at 9:30 p.m.
Earlier we thought cops were setting up helicopter landing in the park; Now lifeguards cleared half the beach "for the President."
Why will you see this shirt at the Burnet Girls basketball team's regional semi? Story in a minute on
I don't think it's available on Nook :-/ Tried searching.
caused by what? those could be from a tick bite- treated by antibioitics, curable?
Gonna clean clean clean today ;o
I've been good(:
Whatever. Unfollow me. You don't deserve to hear what I have to say.
Sleepy and moody...
You're young. Things change, quickly.
he's great, working on new music. I don't get to see him often lately {pouts} lol {{{{HUGZ}}}}}
That moment when your best friend blows off studying to eat Panda Express and play MarioKart with you.
Know him into next season? Don't know what that even means, damn auto correct
Sometimes I see her smile and think "why did I stop loving you?" but I know at the end of the day its for the best.
no, t jack is a homeless guy's mike Vick
Working Hard for you.
Good #workout at #goldsgym.. feels incredible when u r done.
nighty night. Sleep well. The fun is coming soon. Lol
Thanks for #FF and mentions!
RT I thought of u today, yesterday and probably tomorrow too...awe THIRST cutee
Im turning on my 4G so if I can't wifi, I should be good. Only area might have probs is exhibit hall, but not worried w/ that
Couch potatoes, listen up! Team HIWI (one of 'em) on Great Day Houston tomorrow at 9 a.m. CBS channel 11.
you should check out Memo's in the U District, it's quite good... I told Jesse about it the day he left.
Yes Officer…Those “Are” 10 Kegs Of Beer…However It Was “Buy One..Next Nine Half Price.”
i went straight home afterschool! :)
He, or she, who is wise and mature learns to respect and honor the gift of life!
barbershop in the morn...cant wait for this..ish gone be craaazzzyy!!
LOL~! omg that must have been creepy. #PedoAlert . JKK
happy mothers day :*
Buona Pasqua! and what a beautiful day it is! We are open today 11am - 10 pm
I am, chillaxin before I go to work! Wyd..
grey goose
Rumi lounge tonight no cover all night ill be live in the mix tonight spinning the hottest joins arrive early 12730 NW Military!!
Oh a newbie what's ya nombreeee? I'll skip to CVS post longest. Day. Ever.
Kony.. YOU GOING DOWN
"You'll never turn the world upside down until you turn the Church inside out." David Pawson
he reads his interviews and seen all his movies lmfao he's just like me omg
In every mans success, hard work and determination always play a vital role
Hi Julie you're really bringing the family together. Lots of us going to Vegas! Aunt Eileen
Due to a highly insulated body that lets out very little heat, polar bears are rarely seen with an infrared camera. Take that, predator!
Just checkout out your VSL picks..Way Cool! Very unique and interesting.
There's actually someone with the last name "Wienerhole" bahahahahaha
Tim Mcgraw is so perfect 😍
I think it's actually up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, B, A, select, start. Swipes, that is.
Anna Loquacia?! Lmao!! :D Had a great night at the laugh factory with thanks for the best cookies ever!! <3
Bin Laden thought his attack would take down this country but the last thing he saw was one of USa!
wmyb never gets old
Tebow to teammates: "Guys, lets do everything we can to mess up in the second quarter so we can have another dramatic comeback. God bless."
Confidence is the certainty that attracts your support.
wait... Isn't rolling thunder on memorial day?
bp this weekend?
ha love that!
I've had students who lost family members to violence DURING the school term and still turned in assigned work. Other excuses seem flimsy.
sorry I meant how is ur youngans
Who needs a 40oz today? Only $5 at The Moct! Nothing but Old Skool til Midnight!
#who is ready for AX and Supercon #ANIMEBOY WILL BE ATTENDING ONE OF THESE CON'S
great info! We love giving Galleria shoppers exclusive offers and deals using QR codes! Keep scanning!!
He wasn't worth it anyway
thanks! Should have known to ask justin williams a food question...
polyester is where its at
Chillin in the cabana smoking a cigar
I don't like waiting in airports for my bags. Even worse, I don't like waiting in airports when my bags are lost. -Steve Waugh
Leaving mashable party, where to?
People don't know how to drive , oh ma gosh'
The crowd is filing in. John Waters starts in five minutes!
just got back from another great function and networking event at the Hotel Albuquerque-the Q Bar hosted a Hispanic MBA group
Good Game! Halftime can never technically go off without a hitch can it? Haha, can't imagine what a production nightmare that is.
Everyone go wish a happy birthday, especially ;)
If you see a students doing something wrong with SM, ask them "How's that working for you."
rocked the mic at Level 3 tonight. & I got a hug. What a great way to start my year! #LastKings BITCH!!!!
Lil Bitch called me on the bullshit, if you didn't want it to be screenshot, then DON'T PUT IT ON TWITTER!
just got to school a few minutes ago and i already wanna go home.
Float does give you the option of having things move if you resize a page. I like inline-block for a fixed layout.
Dont want to got to school but i have too it makes u SMART!!! N3RD is the W0rd!!!
Ah, sipping a Jupiter Cocktail after a busy day: 2 gin, 1 dry vermouth, 1 tsp Parfait Amour (Crème de Violette), 1 tsp OJ. Shake & serve up.
do y'all learn anything or why do they suck ! 😏
what song?! Lol
#Rays Longoria placed on DL with hamstring tear
My sister is one ungrateful person.
Have you read my last mess?? Ughh then something must be wrong with your memory if you have..
that's nice Chaz and Lexus are good cars..make sure u can maintain it and that it's affordable even if u have a drought..
Muhammad Yunus of Grameen Bank is receiving an honorary degree from Emory University this morning
I never thought we'd get that many followers in that short period of time.#NEVERSAYNEVER follow us?:)
A: what is being shown, what is not being shown. what colors recede + design concepts could be integrated into reading viz.
go to ihearradio.com and submit on the site!
Still snowing in
so talented. She worked hard for the money
moscow? I know it is cold there, lol
Rush on CPAC rules!!
If you do not know what time zone you live in please refrain from breeding.
Well I bought "The Thing", "Breaking Dawn", "Abduction", and "Happy Feet 2". Two out of those four were good.
whats up w car
love the name change. will this make u tweet more?
It can eat all the major donors it wants...as long as they're also planned givers.
and cue heart palpitations every time i open my email...i dont care what it says just email me back!
Dan LeBetard of PTI and the Miami Herald on The Score with Jim and Les right now! Tune into 1510 AM to hear more on LeBron in South Beach
Guess I shoulda asked 4 a follow b4 the vote RT Now that I've won "most likeable lawyer" award I can go back 2 being a total prick
has the best customer service line. Short wait to talk to an actual human being, who was extremely kind and helpful! :D
Supernatural has a twitter. BAM.
Do you like data? We are looking for a data entry volunteer. Email us at volunteer(@)cisaustin.org 2 hours a week.
I have so little left :-) and you had so much to spare. Oh well
O Morning Star, come and enlighten those living in darkness!
that's super creepy.. is there a smudge or something there
I don't like you wearin' shirts lmao
you're so nice;)
I'm honestly more shocked by people using evites than people using fax machines.
Watching "The Captains" on Netflix streaming. Man, I love Patrick Stewart and Avery Brooks.
I think that a lot of what Google has had to offer has diminished the role of a librarian & this just seems like 1 more nail.
you be Capt America; I'll be the Hulk. When are you this way again?
That was incredible ... one day, it will be a Brewer
Should we consider this a prime example of team bonding? RT : “: Nap time #z”___ can I join?
Your soo cute !
You haven't had a great Philly Cheese Steak until you've had our awesome version. Even native Philadelpians think it's awesome. Come try it!
Speaking about going Green. Call us 305-232-3344 we can help ur business, or home to go Green.
Uninstalling Adobe CS2 in preparation of installing CS5. 15 minutes & still uninstalling. Adobe, why are you such a bear?
Oop pass from Paul to Jordan with the posterize and the and one!
Thanks for the follow, went to the web site and I really like the 45 cases 995078 very cool.
When will we get some more expedition206 videos on the cocacola youtube channel?
Ran/walked 3.5 miles with my momma (: Trying to motivate her into running it all before the 5K in July (:
oh was it when I tried to faux-kiss evan?
gorgeous! a new project?
You are evil. Very funny, and evil. 8-)
Kim's my new favorite person to go to movies with.
When will I learn? Some shirts will never look good no matter how hard I try
well text me then silly...and ok :)
get use to the rain man ur in nola now..just be careful driving the streets flood fast
having a chill saturdayy at home with my boyfriend and the usuals :)
WTF with them misses all those free throws?! #Knicks U gotta make those. Its the
You just advocated your racist preference, condemning minority blue collar workers to unemployment. Amazing!
Isn't this the norm and typical. When is the public advised in advance of any important legislation or decision to challenge?
YES! We love Nerdy Girl!
Contrarily, "The Service without Hope-/ Is tenderest, I think-/ Because 'tis unsustained/ by stint" Dickinson
I know!!! all of the radio interviewers talk too much! it's annoying!!!
LMFAO louis like falls to the ground hahahahah omg im dead
haha I will remember yours too!(:
Well that was a first...
hahah did you have it?! yeah i was going to ask you to send me an essay hahah but turns out you haven't read the book :( hahha
Nothing destroys contentment like comparison. – Lloyd Shadrach
Aye did dope on #ChurchClothes !
What was your favorite thing about the NCPH Conference in Pensacola?
I do! I'm totally spoiled :)
And Overtones loves Thanks for the mention!
Brrrr! Why so cold Los Angeles? Are you going to rain or what?
Despite a attempt, still has the best deep ball highlight.
lol! Cookies and milk are a dangerous combination!
Deadline to submit proposals is April 27th.
That's shocking
text me it's important
I'm eating mine ad I tweet lol... They're addicting
Happy birthday to the greatest that ever laced them up! Michael Jordan!
Fuck living in la Mirada no thank you ,
"Well this sucks..." > What's goin on baby doll!???
En route to the gym...on foot...first 2.5 miles of the day-o!
What's wrong D:
So tell me what is your favorite book to read?
me hizo happy last night :P...I love you <3
oh, thank you!<3xxx
Agreed, but article is dead-on my opinion on the issue. It needed to be written but used awful headline simply for clicks
I thought it was pretty dope. if you are a comics fan, its great. lots of fan service. If not, its still great.
Sending out to majors! Time to get some placements!
Your only on my mind because l like you!
#ff RT Okay. Fine. I admit it. Gravy on fries is awesome. So good. Still. Ducks on the money? REALLY, Canada?
... Always a privilege ... Thank you K.
Stupid Auto correct !
Goodnight All ! :)
If you bully another kid just to feel powerful infront of others than go to hell.
You might just win a delicious artisan-made caramel by on our Inside the Loop walking tour.
we're coming for you chicago.
I wonder what will be doing at 1 PM today
I didn't know you liked technology and stuff. Thanks for the follow, yo.
Wonder if that goes both ways. RT : I'm seeing neg ideas about SMEs that we might need to reconsider.
Our Feature Showcase at #FAI12 is this evening (Thursday) in the Jackson Rm 6PM.
Channel some Bill Withers and make it "a lovely day"!
I loved the truth in that so much that I favorited it and retweeted it :)
i get those every time haha and an asiago bagel
I've wondered if it would work. Very excited to read it does!
It's not about how many times you tell someone that you love them, its about how many times you prove that you do
I'm not the same person I used to be, gotta admit alot of sh*t got to me. The past hurts, but you can either run from it or learn from it.
We are excited to launch our Twitter site for Mojo Marketing, a new concept company aimed at local businesses everywhere! Welcome!
Come on Buckeyes lets end this so we can watch the Cats
Life is like a bottle of goose, if u dwn to much it can fuck u up lol...
Samuel check up today!
Quote of the day: "Never delegate understanding." - Charles Eames
Remembering Philip Lamantia
... E.g. Waiting to see what suggestions are given for a particular typo instead if just fixing it and moving on.
#Colts hanging on to Mathis... only 3 days until the decision deadline #Peyton. The "Final Jeopardy" song keeps playing in my mind...
you make me :) ......except when you work at the butt crack of dawn
damn straight I agree!
I haven't seen THE AVENGERS yet , I want to see it so bad, why did I have to get sick last friday, ? -_-
I'm in much need of a day or hell... a week off. These 60+ hour workweeks are killing me.
James Collins on interdisciplinary work: 21st C science becoming more networked, computational, more adaptable in seeking sources.
I'm not feeling to happy today.
Great Pictures!!!!! Keep up the good work.
ok who will u kiss dude lol :P
Incredible play by Ishikawa. I want a replay.
me too, me too! Blrgh.
Free throws for the rest of the game. Down 6
Undertaker will never give I dnt think triple h will either
Ard I Will
Acquire more currency. Disregard bitches.
We may have found our bread ninja thanks to . Let you know how things turn out. Meeting next week.
That's just poor coaching!
- Thanks so much for the mention!!!
2nite on #speedbusters, brings the radar gun 2 a MKE neighborhood where some MFD firefighters are asking for help. TMJ4 @ 10.
And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it, and the imagination to improvise. The worst...
#Sooners attending today's gridiron match: Be charitable and help the Floridians with their homework. It'll seem easy, but to them it isn't.
what brought this on? (I miss you already)
well hello you!
Wow, only a triple.
Only the dreamer shall understand realities, though in truth his dreaming must be not out of proportion to his waking
Got my first jury duty notice today. Adding to the long list of reasons I'm glad I'll soon be back in NOLA.
Thank you so much! Perhaps I will play London someday!
haaha its ok.
I drive a pervertable, the top don't go down but the driver does
That Miley Cirus sketch on SNL was actually pretty funny.
what are some of the ways to make continuing education fun
my bff ily man
Kelly Price...WHAT HAD HAPPEN? #swole son! Gastric Bypass did that???
#cathedral #park in #st .johns is a must see for any
O's lookin good today! Especially JJ and Markakis....#Yum ;)
and best date night ever!
Oh I forgot how much I missed all of my Twitter friends- xoxo so glad to be back
#WhyDoPeopleThink they have all the anwers and keep talking, when they should really shut up, listen and learn?
ready when u r. Lol.
Call me maybe? STUCK IN MY HEAD!!
I love doing redesigns. Taking someone else's crappy design and making it awesome is so much fun!
Exciting cowrite with the sister! Using mobile twitter now!
Going to cozy up with some Turabian. Why do I always do this to myself re: footnotes?
Baby J & at St Jude Catholic Church - W Commerce & Gen McMullen! Los Despoz performing today for Coors Light Spring Fest 3 Day Event
Just because he says all the things you like to hear, doesn't mean that he is the one for you
I hate you
to see some booty
Always drove through the mountains, usually at night or early morning. Loved stopping and breathing in the crisp air.
Concerned about the environment? Learn how to identify consequences of water, air, and land prevention methods.
Mr. Henry Fuchs challenges all shopping malls to meet or beat his $1,000 Pledge! Thank you so much!
damn. Selena got killed by the president of her fan club.
Well duhh lol you going to work
As much as I love your place, thats just no fun RT : We watch the game with the volume off.
Happy Birthday Raymond Pinkston!
Alright DC, lift a glass at Happy Hour our President supports gay marriages!
Only if we can also throw a blog party. " Screw it. Let's just bring back block party."
yes sir, celebrating my acceptance into the league.
Oh how I love our president! He does so well with his fundraisers and makes it work!
“: Beyoncé has never met competition in her life.”
8AM on a Saturday--hello beautiful DC
sorry Amanda my account was hacked... I do apologize for this..
Sex with one person is safe sex with everyone is dangerous
Great stuff happening at this conf. in Detroit... RT : One goal: Reduce the meal gap in this country.
i'm slacking in 3 classes , but in the end , ima pass so that's why i don't panic
this court show thingy..? Lol there is like nothing on, I'm about to watch sesame street :)
Well at least I only got like five emails about foursquare day in Seattle this weekend.
Lucky. My Vikings lost today. :(
You know what else is gay? Starting shit with random people that you never talked to on Twitter. #madbro?
Feel the rhythm with your hands? :) So weird, just was about to e-mail you...
o yeah
O . Just excuse me from the convo
just a heads up for when you get back from Japan, Zumiez has a new pair of P Rod 6.0s that you would love.
you pretty tho...you have any videos of your work? We promote artists.
Loved your appearance on funny story about "Andy Roddick"
love to but all the pressers start at noon, feel free to come up here if you'd like
That bump just cost Boston Game 2. Rondo will get a 1 game suspension. Silly Rajon!
Going to be tough sorting thru all of the incredible musicians who have entered for the auditions! What an amazing band this is going to be!
I see people hating on , im a guy #mahomie if u got a problem say it 2 my face, if u dont do tht, keep ur mouth shut on here!!
Hey , you should probably hire cops that speak English.
# 1 catholic party school in the country
Zoo for mothers day (: with the fam(ily) <3
Wish my neighborhood had more people to hang with...its so boring here
Just got home, always nice to clandestinely arrive at an event, compete, and steal a medal!
Happy Birthday Golden Girl!
well well we'll see! lol
thank you!
THE NEW VIDS ARE UP #9-16 watch them on YouTube
time for a change
why is it that i've not properly thought of certain people in ages and yet they still show up unexpectedly in my dreams? #why?
LOL RT Don't you hate it when you're out with MC Hammer and he won't let you touch anything?
Besides I come from a LONG line of women who never ate. I get it honest! It's not too bad this time-only about 10-15lbs to go.
Toys for the holidays - stop in & check out what we have in our thrift shop!
its all good
awww, hope you got a wave from her! she always says hi to the tour peeps!
BEST. MOVIE. EVER!!!!
Hard to say at this point. We sure are having fun pinning some inspiring things though, so we hope that won't stop! :)
All instrument tracks are down. All vocal tracks except one are finished. On to the fun part!
Work from 1to 9 then off to #figure8 wit and my fellow #sockets :))
Out of a whole entire class standing ad talking I get picked out of EVERYONE and get yelled at....why me?
If you could see through the eyes of god the you would see a world filled with goodness
“: Hi Ladies! I hope y'all hit or surpassed ur #MamasKitchen pie sales goal!! #yum” thx!
Thanks Cory! RT I am excited about First minimalist shoe store in the Milwaukee area.
habibty I can love you without voodoo dolls, g'night bby
New Sessions of Young Rembrandts at our Art gallery inside Parmatown Mall! Stop by for a visit and see our great student artwork!
By a vote of 2 to 3, the mayor's proposal to extend bar hours is defeated.
2 guys trying to reach the ceiling and they can't!! LOL
Gorgeous summer day.
what?! Who do I need to eat up??
Trapperz choice on check it out PLease support
Thank you for your support! It means a lot.
#Ravens get 3rd picks of both 2nd and 4th rounds in trade with
No girl...still in season :/ RT are you back home?
Man this been the most burning saturday I had in a while.
Can't believe it's March already---7 months till the wedding, and so much to do!
ahh that was hard to do but felt great
I hate that feeling
Insights abound and we've just wrapped the first few usability sessions.
I'm coming for grad 🎉
Is there a GOP "Debate" this Saturday? I saw a promo on Current for a "Wrap up/Analysis" with Al Gore (and Fire Bag Cenk) at 11 on Sat.
I want some ice cream.
You waved, I waved back but you weren't waving at me, oh.
We play the best Country Music Videos all day every day!! Send us your requests and thanks for the tweet!
left field bleachers. Section 235 Row 16
Okay, here's the plan: Step 1. You give me $10,000. So far that's all I've got.
• To me it's about ESPN hiring someone they didn't know, see, or properly research. Also 'she' might not exist as such.
Kid Chef in the kitchen whippin up dinner for us! Eni need a mentor!
Didn't notice. :-)
Hope to see you all on Monday at the August Wilson Center!
Biden is just over 6' but the cameras add 7" just like they add ten pounds so he is listed at 6'7" supporting the possible theory
I'll put it up as soon as I can figure that out!
I hope my brother gets the xbox for his birthday so I can get fifa aghh
Finally picked up a copy of OPEN CITY by Teju Cole so I can further enjoy #Tob12. Have u read it, ?
Just because I'm your ex girlfriend doesn't mean you have to ignore me dick.
I hope you're tuning in tonight! RT Last #newgirl episode of the season is on tonight at 9/8c!
everyone go follow her nowww! She's amazing <3333
Damn he's gorgeous!!!!!
For younger ones (0-5), head over to Gibson Library tomorrow at 10 a.m. for Rhythm & Rhyme Storytime. Singing, dancing, stories! Oh my! :)
Although, I am disappointed about Starburns sudden death.
Haha, school is killing me!
I CAN'T FUCKING BREATHE GUYS I'M SERIOUS OMFGGGGGGGGGGG
Why does #charlesbarkley hate the Buckeyes? Go Bucks!!
do you do Netflix? The first 160 episodes are available on download. Totally worth it!
Watching some messages from last year thanks to The Life Church App.
Gettin Alexus and Halee ready for school...kidney ultrasound later for Raylin
Hey did you ever figure out what to do with those tossed salads and scrambled eggs?
But i guess it gives me something to tweet about
Loan Programs starting at a 500 credit score...Contact me for details.
hey :) its anna
“ Fear comes from the unknown. Discover & search out everything! Fear not! Remember! U can't fix what u refuse 2 confront'”
a little reimbursement would be nice, too! and i will STILL vote for the union. oh....i get it now...
You were created in the image and likeness of God. But who are you representing? You can't hide what's inside
U can't put in what God left out...
yooooo it's...amazing! Reminds me a lot of Miami actually,,except less women working in nightlife haha :)
It's Friday i dont care. I got my "thinking cap" on half tilt like T.i..
Carswell F16 guys are gone and now Colorado owns the North end of the base! Colorado flag flying high over Operations!
I think there is a Peter Burning......
My band Volcano Dolls is playing our first show!! Thurs/June 3rd/ The Viper Room in WeHo, CA/10:45pm. Free w password "Thats What She Said"!
And even in my sleep I am grinding at my teeth.
We have not heard the details but expect there to be a draft party and #JacketBackers plan to be there
Long slow kisses >>>
haahah kevin ? Can you follow me, or tweet me? ♥ plz .
Someday people will listen to my professional advice and not shrug it off because I'm just Rick.
thanks! Great to hear from you, as well, about what's working in your space. Cheers!
been saying that in Fla for years...no where to go though, bro...
such great news - doesn't get any better than that - bet you've been counting the days to pass that 1st trimester milestone
Inside && Out
nope. Can't say I am!
RT : How do you build a great brand? DS CEO Lauren Dixon & Founder Ann Rhoades tomorrow at 10 on
Go dolphins!!!!!
#Heat are a joke, is a joke, is a joke, is a joke. Beat an elite team, damn.
RT : "Social networks have increased trust among people, making it easier for collaborative consumption"
Today is National Ice Cream Day! What’s your favorite flavor?
which is why the state of Ohio has zero Lombardi trophies.
I miss my babe! <3
Going to see Juan of the dead tonight!
I will! My knuckles are all fucked up :l blehhhh
Finished The "At Home Studio"! Get ready for some music you never thought could come from Maine!
#Johnny, went 2 a career counselor 2 determine what field he should enter. After testing ...> Read punch line @ www.ICUGolfStories.com LOL!
definitely our summer...
I definitely remember the ice cream part from your vows.
You ever seen a...grown man naked?
isn't ur word with friends name, adesa27? U put it out there. Asking ppl. To play, so why the decline?
don't be too hard on yourself, lol
“: RT : Report: Lakers offered Odom for No. 2 pick, Wolves said no #NBA”<< dang why the letting him go!
Just feed the beer to her, she wont remember the game
You doing blog tonight bro?
i needa paint my finger nails.
I am BEYOND pissed/annoyed right now.
Thanks for serving! We hope you had a great experience!!
Since the middle of Dec. and it is cold today!
should of got a double
Follow me on #Instagram !!!
Amen :D
We had a second failure with our database server, we are moving the data to a different drive and hopefully should be back up soon.
Is your business doing well but you know it could be better? wondering where the holes are? We can find them. Boost Revenue. Save time.
well, good luck with that. hope you do get some sleep in. i think your gonna pull an all nighter. did ya get a nap?
bo RT : and the acct is already gone!!!
Thunderstorms are being predicted this afternoon. How is camp looking for weather preparedness?
My sister is running around so that Carson's pinwheel will spin around without her blowing on it...
lol it curious George lmfaoo u need to now ur cartoons
Writing an article on best practices on effectively delegating responsibilities to your team members. Looking for comms pros to quote.
RT : Fmr Sen Daschle warns intl affairs budget will remain easy political target for cuts.
Come to Korea. Girls carry big, ornate, vanity mirrors with silver handles in their purses, and bust 'em out in the bar.
So pretty! Have fun!!
I was a tiny child.
Getting hungry but saving the appetite for dinner
Thanks for the mention. The Holistic Homeschooler is a must read for homeschool teachers.
I'll give #thefrey credit for trying, but this was not the right venue for a soft, off key, acoustic version of
Got a book catalog from an editor today with a client's release in it for spring. Is time really going THAT quickly? Time flies...
oh ya I remember her how's she doing
follow me and no im not 40 lol
There seems to be a ton of that going on this quarter. We're off to a very unsure start.
Hi , How Was Your Day ?
Tim Dillard working Live On The Web! Check me out... and make music requests!!! www.justin.tv/timdillard NOW
Heading to #Portland Center office soon, packed day planned - behind on tweets :(
#mwc2012 what a show! Travel home safe to all!
i miss it!
Getting spammed on is one of the more annoying things in life.
finishing the Spencer's legacy records today!
hacking this page.... In the club rocking out #rich4ever :)
Just found water leak #2 in my house. Oh the joys of home ownership.
I hit up the steam room when that happens, sinus headaches are brutal, hang in there bro!
you guys win.
Forgot my camera again.. And prom is this weekend. Wow
Enjoy! RT : I have one tonight with Katy at Midtown. She rocks! Who do you go to?
Reminder tomorrow night from 6-8pm our first Mixer of the year! @ Coppia in the Pearl. www.womenwithmoxie.com for info/RSVP.
Is she cutting some teeth?
My teacher told the clAss to look in one direction...:) ~24days<3x~
Well, hello You should really check out our blog iamnothenemy.com/verlosser
Did you hear the funny clown music when they were all piling out of the van, too??
youtube just slapped me with a copyright warning in my email for a remix I did...
RT : Come to "Cover Girl Winner Party" Thursday, January 27 from 9:00 pm to 12:00 am. Come meet the Cover Girl Contest......
i bought them and I would live to send you a pic of me wearing them! Twitter pic or email best?
Thanks Google for letting me know that it's #CharlesDickens' 200th birthday. And to think, I would have forgotten!
That's the news... See me at the tonight at 830!
With wind turbines popping up all over the world, wind power is quickly becoming one of today's most popular renewable energy sources.
got you in the am!! Imma fave it so I don't forget it
We make many of our decisions out of fear. Fear is an emotion and living our lives based on emotions like fear will bring our lives to ruin.
For those of us covering Signing Day tomorrow, enjoy today. Today is the calm before the storm!
On the road again with .^_^.
I pop eyes open without eating me canned spinach
GOD made me like this so, take it up with him
I'm gonna love you like there's no tomorrow <3
The guys are discussing the Tigers meltdown last night and playing the blame game. 248-848-1130.
my opinion doesnt matter. my voice is just another in the din.
If men cease to believe that they will one day become gods then they will surely become worms.
I ❤ #Adele! Great performance last night at the #VMAs. Simple and beautiful!
At learning about nifty Neatline DH app, allows for geotemporal elements in digital editions.
aw no we're not :( but that would have been fun!
Used to live in Madrid, The Carlos V was a Best West. where my parents stayed. Good location, price, clean. Price range?
Who wtf why are people saying Harry is in Portland. Omfg maybe he is coming to Seattle to get some Dicks
Delicious brunch!
(im a day late) but Happy Birthday ! : )
When was the last time you gave a loved one flowers...for no reason?
Happy Mothers Day to all of you ladies and !
Been hibernating for the past 2 days: Compiling Federal Reserve quotes with detailed sources. It's a long and tedious process!
Women's leadership in Mphs. Is a women's networking event important? What benefits would you want at a WFGM networking event?
Join us tonight for Ladies’ night specials! Only 3 days left till Oktoberfest shenanigans...get excited!
JC Tran has been eliminated
I dont know what I would do if they didnt. Ur my fav Bucks player EVER. U remind me so much of AI. Take that next step BJ!!
New artist of the year... AyaNna Crawley
Woo going to see the rangers! Almost to Camden yards
yeah I seen it
Thanks! I thought it'd look good, but instead it looks AMAZING! I look forward to having you over.
true well shit just let me know when its gon happen.
I will never understand people with money xoxo
This new Twitter account is designated exclusively to my work here at the Crummer School of Business at Rollins College!
That was another great one. Aretha's voice = amazing.
Best part of Edwin Maysonet's #Brewers grand slam: His sly, post-swing, "Yeah, just did that" point-to-the-dugout reaction.
Trick or Treat Spa 2day & check out our last minute deals! Candy, Cupcakes,& 30% off all Arasys Packages!Today only! Happy Halloween!
Do You Like BASS On Your Mother Fucking FACE
It's that day again kids! #AztecMotto on blast getting ready for the game. Hope you're ready for a whoopin' Broncos!
It's raining in San Diego!! I'm kind of enjoying it. <36 hours till
Kid Fury cutting up lol!! RT : Oh, please die. RT : Nobody is born gay... thats a decision people make...
yup all the time
Why are Starbucks people always so darn happy?? It's kinda creepy!
Good luck!
I Feel Like a Monkey Without Ear Rings On...
+1! now to start training for next year!
After tonight's performances, we wish we could vote for Adam Levine to win #thevoice PS - 1 HOUR TILL
I will not be into work today because all my clothes were stolen off my cloths line.
ok, i'll take that back. The site is back up.
Always good to see one of my boys from the crib!
That's why we're here. Not just to go to work, but to do something better.
You aint gotta worry about this, this #BlackProblems ohh
Looking at your cell phone during awkward situations. HAHAHAH , everytime :)
Thanks for the mention! We appreciate your continued support!
Thank you very much! :-)
i am going to be up for a while.
Loves Wisconsin. I swear I have Christmas spirit already!
< Thank you sir
imma wait till 11 ' 30 tht's when he unully call thn if not my ass will be sleep .
RT “: More 30 for 30s? Looking forward to the one on Sarah Phillips, ESPN.”
Loved it, the show rocks!
Armie hammer was a douchebag at gma this morning. Signed autographs (for graphers not fans mind u) but would not pose for photogs. Not cool
“: *rewinds Avengers trailer*” as did i. looks awsome. (que wife lookin at me funny)
I find I have to make excuses/apologies for the "punk" syllable, so now that's what I start with--Jeter, play on "cyberpunk", etc.
Volunteer signup should be available mid-April. Stay tuned for the exact date!
Yep.. we're done.
Don't look at the new Prada Cadillac/Flame shoes or you'll never pay your bills again. Waaaaaahhhh!
Im going to see on july 6th IM SOO EXCITED!!!!!!! Maybe i will be that lucky girl up on stage this time.
Oregon Scientific WMR100N Professional Wireless Weather Station, Silver Get Discount
All right then!
I see punctuation on your bio. It struggles with the ampersand
Tapu Property Valuations – Investors Beware
With 2 blowouts yesterday....its setting up real nice for TEBOW magic in Denver.
In honor of July 4th: Quote from Ben Franklin "Reading makes a full man, meditation a profound man, discourse a clear man."
Turnt up after . Killed It tonight
I can't wait to see Shania this summer.
Nothing has ever bothered me as much as my recent realization that I have never seen bird testicles.
: but u r now
His holiness is on stage!
via : Thanks for following! I teach Civil War history. If you could ask your Civil War history professor anything you wanted...
On the plus side this is the 1st legit time in many many years I feel genuinely excited for the
Hero clix night... god, that sounds s uncool!
People that stand up in crowds and record something with their Ipads <<<<<<<<
that's so exciting! congrats!
The bright side of going home sick? Now I can lay on my roof and attempt to tan
Still partying where are you?
always shows me a good time.
Good morning everyone
America Gots Talent >>>
great picture...it is such a beautiful day today RT Don't want this afternoon to be over.. So gorgeous out!
heyy!! Take over my twitter lol I need some "tweets" I still can't get over ur 80K tweets!!!
best of luck to you- will continue to learn from you as you move to a new place- sounds like a great new adventure-
Mourning the loss of 7 Israelis killed in terrorist attacks near Eilat today. To the IDF show no mercy. Let no building stand in Gaza.
Ate at Sandia Buffet(prime RIB night)Had all the fixens(allmost)!Played at the mall security sUX(sucks).Period.
nm, just on FB and watching the band twitter lol
Oops! This is opening session, not keynote. JFW is full of great points.
I don't want a relationship where people say, 'They look so cute together.' I want one where they say, 'Look how happy they are together.'
thanks for sharing your dad's quote, he's not exaggerating we have lots of sizes! What a great way to start our Monday!
Stand in defiance knowing that the 99% are behind you.
I'll miss Palo Alto at the end of this summer. Mid-college crisis - should I have gone to Stanford?
ya! you go girl:Dlol
Spent a sunny afternoon in the shops and restaurants of Main Street, Littleton. A great day!
Another day, another dollaa ;$
I should've kissed you, I should of told you, told you just how I feel ❤
Can you imagine the level of a mind that watches wrestling?
GM! How r u today?
Finally after being sick back to the gym 20high stair master 10 bike then weights bosu sweat good
going to church for the new year. gotta start off in the right place!
Step 5 Record each topic in Audio Acrobat and use the email publish code or link to use in each autoresponder
Heck, Charles Barkley for Super Bowl halftime 2013.
Give ur home a gift...www.vcassociates.net
Examine the situation before you act impulsively!
Happy birthday!! Your great and I am blessed by your friendship!! :)
one month <3 thinking of you
my sentiments exactly. Feel the same way about Poetry, Unvle Senna, and Breaking Bad.
Why am i awake right now??
hahahahah this is why i love you!!! only harry edward styles would do something like that:p Xx
Junior Seau appeared in 268 games over 20 seasons, tied for 19th most in #NFL history
I am going to sleep night sexy and I hope you follow me and tweet me and DM me! (;
“: space is amazing.We like chilling upstairs listening to mick bassett.Super hip in pontiac”
Oh yes! Packer domination early! Lock it in,
No problem!
sundays, chruch, mow grass, watch baseball
ARE YOU SERIOUS?! I guess that means that I have a cousin that plays Harvard baseball
I don't know what to think about Homeless Hotspots down at #sxsw. What do you think?
Meeting workforce needs globally. MIchael Eskew, CEO for UPS, stresses that we need people who are: * Trade literate * Sensitive …
Dance breaks.
ha! i already own those
aw fun! Be careful driving it's a little icy
Watching Sex and the City makes me feel like I was a part of the clique.
LOL. I will bring some. But they'll be cold by the time I arrive. ;-)
why the word "pot" not cannabis! Derogatory!
“But man you're wrong and she's been waiting long and hard to kiss your head and hold your hands and hold you while you fall asleep”
slay it brother!
Thanks for the recent RTs!
Must see and before leaving the bottom lounge tonight
today's word is "automagically" :)
OH: I let you go hang out w your friends < tool >
u already have. well for me anyway. u inspire me everyday with your music and i appreciate it so much. love you. cme bl to NYC!
Why people get easily attached to me I will never know.
looks good!!
Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson first rehearsal! FUN!
Yoiks- all my grading, invoicing, and new Vocate episode done by 930! Now just coasting to Avengers with Geoff, , and Art!
NFL has received my internship application. And now I wait until April. Hate how I get internship notifications so late
thank you =)
Nothing is more attractive than ambition.
Chester French dropped some new music? Swag.
big brother updates followed me! they know I'm obsessed!
watching basketball cuz that's what everyone at home is doing. it's rather exciting. rooting against anything associated with Dallas = bonus
Cute but disappointing that emails aren't answered.
I love it! Great quote u have! I'm going to steal it!
I love that today's date only happens once every four years. #happyleapday :)
Checked out New Albany Church today where our friend Joel is Pastor- good stuff! Really enjoyed it!
I'm so lame I'm not even sure "distributor" is the right word to use there.
Just wanted to let ya know, you really inspire many people. Thank You!
plat on you better the light off.
Friday fishbowl of random tasks reminds me of McGreggor's Dept Store, as a kid. Where are the plastic dinosaurs?!?
Not very/this summer.
great new b&w photo!
Love why do you always come at the wrong time, and at the people who shouldn't?
DC: Desperation -noun: the state of being desperate or of having the recklessness of despair; the GREEN team..
Callin' it now. #Idol winner.
We have a headcase and a rookie up top. That's not a winning formula for me #Rapids and that's not a knock on cascio, because he's bright
Hey to all my tweeters...You can also hook up with me on Facebook DM me for the info would really appreciate the business. Peace!!!
": When I went through customs in Toronto they asked me So what exactly do you do for our government? LOL" what would Jack Bauer say
sorry, I'll yell next time(:
are there any outages in the 33014 area?
Today's weather >>>>
we finally eliminated it from our process going straight from sketches to html prototypes. Photoshop's on my last nerve.
I watch #Stepup3 again and again :D
Correction *hygiene*
only because I didn't mention the Ghirardelli chocolates. I edit carefully.
Good job Coyotes keep it up my friends
Aw, he thinks Emily and I are gay.
POLLY!!!!!!!!! Awesome, phillies are pretty much desperate for this win.
bahahaha that's hilarious
meeting as many fans as u do, I was JW do u ever remember any of them? DO U REMEMBER ME?? I showed u an email Susie sent me!!
No seats in the ion session
When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it happened or not. ~ Mark Twain
Fish, Fish and more Fish. Come in for our beer battered cod or walleye. Served for lunch and dinner!
don't do it, Valerie. I fear for your immortal soul.
My friend, we have just Lo-jacked the janitor
Hey, thanks for following!
I just closed a purchase loan in 11 days. Really. Call me for any of your mortgage needs 512-852-8883
that was one sweaty room but tons of energy, loved that class!! Fun day!!
Anyone else hope that the #Panthers finish off the #Devils tonight?
Last uniform day. Never ever have to wear this thing after today.
awesome! congratulations.
MG drops cheese makers by 5 strokes.
You act like I don't know you're lying to me
seem so desperate lol, no but seriously. follow me or i'll cry forever. :P U DON'T WANT YOUR MAHOMIES TO BE SAD DO YOU? >:D
lol :)so is it you on ur icon?
Thanks vote for me on waiting for their phone call within a couple of months.
That story BLEW UP. RT : The Bistro at Bijou FB fan page has gotten more than 5000 likes in past 24hrs from all over world.
T-minus 1 hour: my first big(ish) story on #TBI with and will be up stay tuned.
Just came in the crib from hoop-in at UIC
Learned how to take voices out of a song for my students to use for a cell rap.
Every generation needs a new revolution
call me
Apple bees with , , & twitterless
This guy is right on the money. Very articulate. I'm picking up his book 2moro. thanks for sharing bro ...
#ireallywant Austin to cone to England
I'm thinking about it! How many you have left?
that's an awfully wide gate- at what point are people responsible for solving their own problems/remembering the other 12 times?
It's job shadow day here- We will be hosting over 75 students from Columbus City Schools!
Ok. What's up with the #FaceBook this morning other than it being a worthless distraction with all it's quirkiness! Fix it damn it!
Headed to the movie theater. Avenger it is
A girl needs her beauty sleep
Damn Boston Market packed tonight. Oh well...
aww,you're welcome :)
Ok, sounds good. I will tweet you when I get close to ATL, and we can meet up there.
Unfortunately, we cannot fulfill mail orders. We only stock legal, CA cannabis dispensaries. Are you near one of them?
Funniest thing overheard today - "Girl, hold this while I put my wig back on."
Movie Review: American Reunion Bakes Up That Familiar Pie Humor Review in a Hurry: Jim, Michelle, and the rest of the Class of 1999 retur
Just a little bit stressed right now. Nothing a couple shots of vodka and a best friend can't fix.
i wish i could celebrate fathers day with my dad like other ppl..
they left me home alone
The glitch mob
Just got the fault in our stars,. Hopefully makes me cry.
"Stick a Norfolk In 'Em" might be ESPN's dumbest headline of the week...but certainly not of the month.
Love your posts and quotes, made me smile. :)
Fun fact, Dale once took me to souvenir city with a broken arm RT : Talking baseball w bout Appleton &
Attn all ticket holders, bring ur #gabf day-of tix to Oktoberfest #Denver for a free #beer. OKT party goes till 1 am Fri & Sat
how is that black?
Besides anything Michael Jackson or from the Breakin' movies? How about Jam On It
Looks like a fun day in the field!
Survivor- All women finalists, all time low for ratings.
Yup. Something is definitely wrong here #theworldwelivein RT : $8 for grapes? that's 40 chicken nuggets...
Nikki sit yo off ass down...
HahaewwRT : Is there one birthday card out there that doesn't sound like I want to make love to my dad?
Justice for Trayvon Martin!!!
anything chipmunk-related
What happens in Portland..... happens at Exotica
ur livin the life.. Happy Easter and remember to stay sideways when u throw out that first pitch....
Follow Me Please !!
Great game of madden #swag 24-25 quis wins let's go cowboys.
Chips,Soda,cookies
I now know what happiness smells like ...at least according to a candle at Target!
lucky! Me and and mackenzie are practicing right after school tm i totally keep blanking out on the motions
I know that roof! What's going on up there?
UPDATE: no rice, but a few bean skins.
I know it mayb bad to say this now.. buht to be honest. I'm not happy where our relationship stands nemore.
not in australia its 8:48 here ;) where u from xo
Hey if you'll go with me to the Mardi Gras party at the IMU Back Alley, I'll be your designated driver tonight after that.
I got to see Jerrod Niemann and Chris Young at lunch, today! I am one happy girl!
I read the new Action Comics #1. Interesting, more aggressive Superman...
North Korea celebrates Yuri Gagarin's first human spaceflight anniversary with rocket fireworks. Thanks, North Korea!
Indeed. We'll miss you JT RT : Tough break, Bucky. Great effort. Thanks for 4 great years, JTaylor! You'll be missed.
😭😭😭💗💗RT : Tod: “We'll always be friends forever, won't we?” | Copper: “Yeah, forever.” –The Fox and the Hound
oh, thank you!!! That's so nice of you. I'm flattered!
i went to walgreens today too go buy with on it and they didnt have any -_-
We passed the 100 mark! Thanks #Sactown! Now on to the next landmark! LETSGOFOR200! Please RT! ;)
Thank You for the RT!!!
YES! And do gracious... RT : So...is she as beautiful in person as on TV?
Marvellous Music in Cornwall
: Looping in and on these plans!!
Looking forward to continued collaboration and content engagement
UIS staff members have been scheduling lots of fake vacations to test the calendar.
whats in shanghai?
Fascinating insights about cost drivers of sales force iPad implementation in the back end integration - thx A.K. Kistner from Roche
thanks for being our fan!
off to sleep good night :)
Would you dance, if I asked you to dance?
One day will follow me and tweet me.
dunno except don't panic. Google tips, I get it rarely and try to ride it out
“: cut the BTN feed of the Badger game. Another Big Ten coach told him no one would notice. ”lol
Get TAN for Valentine's Day! 9a-2p Buy 1 Instant Tan for $14-Buy 1 UV Tan, get 1 FREE-Recycle your LOTION BOTTLE and get 25% OFF a NEW ONE
Awesome! Send me info at kristin (at) mycoffeeshirt (dot) com Will def take a look! Thanks for reaching out
back in the emerald isle sat 19th just ion time for the caberet,im excited!!! vino n wino tattoos soon? =)
going hard!focused motivated!and making it happen!www.reverbnation.com/slimgoodiecandy!
Are you back in LA? You should be getting your package any day now =D
I FINALLY FOUND TRUE BLUE. Can't believe it was at Best Buy.
Thank you all for the recognition! We love what we do!
": Never thought I'd say this.... But thank you #chp ! Got pulled over and the cop let me out of 5 offenses... Whew! Great job
1. When I played Super Mario Galaxy for the first time. There is something so beautiful about the gravity mechanics + music orchestrations.
if they were the same person, they'd have the same name
As an #anthro minor, might really want to follow #humanbeings!
Get up with me I'm Ready to get back in the booth !
Stfu go to sleep
I'm def NOT gonna be stuck in my dorm Tonite! That's a No, no!
Fwd: : Ah!! RT : proof that twitter is evil: add up the first 144 digits in Pi and you ...
I'm glad I'm not alone haha. But I really procrastinated on it
Nice to meet you all tonight!
For the record... , I have not embraced pinterest. ;-)
Ordered your Born theme and am having a hard time w/the Event Countdown widget and my upcoming ev are showing up as past ev
Color me CRAZY, but Marty Mcfly should have totally boned his mom.
Why is it so humid
Anyone else notice that people are honking a whole lot more in LA? I mean, it's like driving in NYC these days.
Just discovering the responsive layout work and those guys are doing on the bootstrap 2 branch. Great stuff. Thank you!
what time is the map pack gonna come out Tuesday anyone know?
Guess what? As leaders, women rule! Check out this article that talks about a new study that find females outshine their male...
