The highways jammed with broken heroes on a last chance power drive. Everybody's out on the run tonight but there's no place left to hide.
I think "At least it wasn't incest" is my new comforting line for most everything. Thanks!
cake cake cake cake cake cake
and there is a ray of heaven shining down on it!
glad you're back on the beer scene Jesse!
time to break out my mad bracketology
RT : So great! ’s brilliant monologue on the most astounding fact about the universe, adapted into a comic...
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me30
Played with Swift Tongues Saturday night at Hard Rock in Seattle. I love meeting new industry heads.
some of my stats are gone. Example: I've killed many baddies but starting with my 1st kill. How do I clear cache?
I'll call u.
And thanks to for putting on a great show and for talking with us afterwards. It was great meeting you! Hope to see you again!
It's here, BUNCO night at 9920 Fun, Food and Laughter!!! The 2nd Friday of the month @ 7:00 pm.
Ha! RT : There is way too much haiku & not enough cow bell on Twitter lately
Went bed late n up early
yea, i want somebody else to play sam.. but oh well
Other half went to sleep for the night and im still up...ugh!!
✌You know you eat alot if yo win a eating contest against haha i soo would i eat wayy to much not god!!!:p
I don't even know what the administration's current slate of proposals to improve economic performance in the short run is right now.
what the hell was i thinking
thank you so much! great to be here -
A lot of holiday magic happening downtown....I could have sworn I saw some elves.
Well, I got alot done tonight, very productive. I even made a few customers happy :D Going home for now
Big Projects in motion from N.O.D. Ent. stay tuned! www.nevaoutdoneent.com
RT This tues night we are having a Q&A, this is always a lot of fun!! We would love to see you at // can't wait!!!
dude how is TTT2 coming along? Release anytime soon? Big fan of Tekken btw been follomwing since "Tekken 1" :) you rock!
I study → I take the test → I pass it → I forget what I learned..
The intelligent actor will work through the preparation of a character differently every time, depending on circumstances....
RT : "I love the rain! Don't you? I think I'll drive more slowly so all of us can stay out in the rain longer!" -everyone in DC
The Gigs will be playing with Mss. at next Tuesday...tell yr friends...opening for Magik Markers. Gonna be dope.
So many sirens in East Hollywood tonight. A little smoke and it'd be just like 20 years ago at Adams/Vermont.
I was mere feet away from my dress and couldn't take it home!!!
#ChuckNorris built Rome in a day.
We'll look into it right away. How long has it been going on?
Im all up under him like its cold
"Praise with elation, praise every morning, God's recreation of the new day!" -Eleanor Farjeon
awesome, thanks!
cool I alwayz wanted 2 go there
Paranormal Activity, u know hes special
Our CEO, , is going to call the lucky winner re: the $500 prize. More details soon!
Some people. Need to get this book love for dummys
RT : Who is watching #USF vs. #Cinn? #Roc Jeff Anderson is officiating the game!! Hoping he does better than previous game :)
Yes sir!! And Dallas is down 30! Good night tonight!
Anyone has ever compile the cheesiest profile bios on Twitter? e.g. "I aim for the stars but family keeps me grounded" kind of thing.
yo did cliff tell you we suppose to be goin to columbia dis weakeand to get tatted
he's coming to kberrggg wedd?!?!
Watching 4 episodes of L&O:SVU on a school night?!
#Browns won! Enter promo-code, BROWNS25 at check out and RECEIVE 25% OFF YOUR ENTIRE ORDER! Go Brownies!! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
today I try to figure out how to create & change location codes for our ILS.
dont be a cry baby
lol oh okay
Pretty scared right now
It's a beautiful thing to pick who's allowed into your life.
Doh! This is what happens when I'm behind. Should've known would be on it!
Much thanks to all #themusiccity supporters! We are working to have new content up soon.
Good morning!! Up early for morning show, watch from 6-7 for Luvabulls
Whose worse Charlotte Bobcats or Minnesota Twins?
What is this bullshit about this morning? You not swaying anyone. Mitt is dead, Bush or Rubio, or Portman, etc.
Today is sleepy Saturday.
So If I don't get my account back soon, I am reporting you to the hacker place, also to the police
GONNA GO KICK IT WITH and at BROADWAY BAR for MARGARITA MONDAY !! $1 MARGS ALL NIGHT !! YEAHH BUDDY !!
Maybe this is just my inner diva speaking but Mr. Schuester was so not fair to Rachel in the beginning... or even the 2nd season.
We need some good Brewer Songs. The Packers get some great songs now we some for the
Brackets in...I have North Carolina v Kentucky in the final..w//Florida State a team to watch..
Thanks to for selecting us in your poster session for our cloud based #machinelearning system!
We are happy to share that Kristen Mahoney, ED for MD GOCCP and President of NCJA BOD, has been named Deputy Director for Policy at BJA.
I'm looking for great online exhibits but I'll settle for good
Follow us on Tweeter
best tweet to wake up to EVER!! :-D RT : Curve's the word, spin's the verb.
Wish Stonehill wasn't so much money because then I would definitely be going there & not have such a hard decision to make..
"No, I'm going home to watch #Community" - Me, if anyone asks if I'm going to the big #TFF party tonight. Also I wasn't invited.
Your Twitter account both disgusts and delights me. Unlike my beloved green line, which just scares me.
writer? Musician?
thank you I'm appreciative
That little girl & her daddy are so cute !! Aw
There's a lot more general silliness displayed when the Tigers are winning!
Playing tonight at Beer Geeks in Highland, IN w/ Pistol Pete. Looks like the after-show beer is a necessity here.
#Alaska new law: benefits claim for week of partial #unemployment can't be filed later than 7 days after claimant receives the week's wages
Everyone can c it,but him.He doesnt understand how bad it hurts when people say we'd b cute 2gether or ask if were dating& I have 2 say no..
If you want to hold it at the convention center, let us know when you have details so that we can submit a room request.
send her this way and I can make her dreams come true....lol
Woohoo! We can't wait to celebrate #volunteer heroes! Thanks for the shout out.
Why oh why is it raining cats and dogs?!
Thanks for the mention! Have a great weekend!
Wine on Sun is so appropriate!
#Vikings one yes vote away from new stadium
Loud and clear
And yes, I did add a few showers for Saturday. :(
low key eve my ass!!!
the only time I've had Yuengling was when I was in PA. Pretty interesting they have more share than beers with wider distribution.
The Vectors Workshop may cancel today without someone getting on the coffee "situation."
Do you have a website?
google 'mike d remix'
wow a lot of trees are down in my backyard thanks to Hurricane Irene :/
fitting... Sort of :)
good morning twitter!
#RejectedPromThemes Win a Date With Mark Sanchez
I couldn't agree more! What happened to this week that it's already #followfriday?! Hope you at least have a good weekend!
One more month and I'm moving (: YAY!
What's the new gig?
the spurs played a sorry ass jazz team! Who is even on the jazz?
Today is a huge day for me!! Beyond stoked! Stay tuned for news!! :D
Money does not make the world go 'round. Physics' got that covered. But it prolly will be the reason it stops. We've got that covered.
If you board the wrong train, it is no use running along the corridor in the other direction. -D. Bonhoeffer
Thanks for tweeting! Can’t wait to see your official video for #KONY2012 #StopAtNothing Please help make a difference!:)
Bye! Bye! China.
Reading and driving to San Marcos
the gloom did burn off! woo-hoo!
I thought he broke the record for position players.
Feeling good w\family!!
Help ensure no one faces breast cancer alone - Join us at our Corporate Breakfast - 11/5/09 @ 8 a.m. @ the Daniels Fund. Call 3033005158
me either
New quote from a client: "RealPractice/ReplyWise does a superb job designing a website and doing web marketing at a very reasonable cost.”
My class runs 4-5:15, so that's perfect. I think we'll use #FresnoDLD. We'll be talking about Louise Rosenblatt and literature
Mom just saw this...
Compassion may be the radicalism of our time, but my ultimate goal in life is to never allow it to be the radicalism of mine.
you getting fucked up aint you.!
Finally started "Mad Men." Two eps in and it hasn't really grabbed me. I get it, the 60s sure were sexist.
Melbourne Writer-Actor-Producer and creator of multi-award winning US comedy series, Vegan 101. Would love 2 work w/ u.
Lls wake his ass up!!! J/p zay over here doin da same thing! I'm good u kno I be actin if shit dnt go my way!!!!
no, I hacked it ;)
im supa thirsty....
He don't want you and NEVER will so bitch get over it..
Working a Greek wedding.... I really hate traditional Greek music. Ugh such a headach.
made an avatar on the slap THAT SITE SUCKS I THOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO BE AN AMAZING BETTER VERSION OF TWITTER!!! but no :( IM MAKING A SITE
hi I'm a big fan can u please pleas follow me or tweet me back please it will de amazing and wonderful please :)
huh babe!?
Dear Mondays, I fuckin' hate you. Sincerely: Everybody
If you’ve got a case of the Mondays,½ price beef burgers & Happy Hour from 4-7 would be just the thing to lift your spirits, see ya there!
#FF One of our top guys! Dallas Cowboy RT
That awkward moment when finds out the guy she likes likes one her bandmates in Call Me Maybe.
#Mac.Lingo: BE ROYAL IN YUR OWN FASHION; ACT LIKE UH KING TUH BE TREATED LIKE ONE.!#RealMaccinInEffect!!!#SQUAD!!!
PARM FOLLOW HEARD!!!! RT “: you are cray.....can I get a PArM follow??”
It's fun making an idiot of yourself :P
Last game of the regular season - join your fellow alumni
#TruthIs Things aint the same no more...
I want a house in the city
Nobody's Perfect..</3
Tres embarrassing yet concierge at the Devi Ghar seemed obliging! Best told over MANY drinks x
Where could we be collecting signatures this Sunday morning?
I guess I'll see you up there tomorrow dude!!
The weather has got work going by hell slow!
how's my song coming?
In need of xanax after watching mob wives last episode....like really so much yelling screaming and crying....love them but yikes!
#WhatMakesMeSmile is when I see that my mom is in a happy mood❤
Wow I'm in love with
Hey, thanks for the mention!
Huge win for the Reds!! Come up to tonight!! I'll be up in the penthouse with my homie on the main level!!
Unleash niagra falls
I'm going to try to not get a passed.
Microsoft, LGE may hold talks on smartphones
I take you up, when you're feeling down I make you laugh 'cause I love the sound
Oh, parents forgot to dress you properly for practice, I totally understand (; I'm sorry!
#IWouldDoAnythingFor concert tickets! ❤
Yeah, that's just an unfortunate event. Can't blame a guy for keeping in shape. #yankees v
On set of Monongahela shooting the diner scene - fantastic !
I LOVE Machine Head...they are too good. And to think I didn't know of them a few years ago o.O
“: stop by at #sxsw and get some info for me if you have time!” trade show part starts tomorrow. Will do.
This is the loudest thunder I've ever heard.
Hold on to nothing as fast as you can...
Thats why I supported #Prop14, much 2 the chagrin of R & D partisans. It gives everyone a choice :-)
your just hatinn cuz I can beat you upp!!
I admire your independence. A little solo can go a long way. Hope you find management that'll send you to Maine someday.
I love Adam!
Bangin' headache. The sun is shining in my eyes. Drapes closed. Hungover, must die.
"If the brain were so simple that we could understand it, we would be so simple that we couldn't"
Add heroin to any conversation to make it fun.
My brother drunk my last half and half so I just declared war.
No snow here tonight :( just strong winds and rain. Bah. Didn't get my snow day, so bummed. Could've used it to catch up on outlines!!
Today was a bad full house episode. There was a problem, someone whined, and then it was solved and everybody moves along.
The day of the move is upon us.
Best part about pulling an all nighter is catching all the Family Matters re-runs on Nick at Night
Preds go up 2 on the Wings! As my Uncle always says, I hate the Red Wings!
Hey did you hear about the Titanic Memorial Cruise for descendants of the passengers?
omh lunch was so funny
KU is still pretty fucking gay
Emergency Locksmith Services: 24hr Emergency Lockouts / Openings> Automobile / Car Entry Digital Locks reprogramming Digital Locks repair /
what did you have in mind?
Pulp Fiction has to be my favorite movie besides Bad Boys 2,Harold and Kumar, Scarface, Casino, and Goodfellas.
As Pinterest grows, more and more brands attempt to find a use for it. Do you think Pinterest will be an effective marketing tool?...
Patrick's yoga class at the Hollywood gym is the best! Good find, you guys.
720 followers to go! Let's get to 80K! :)
Can't watch Game of Thrones tomorrow nite. Go Hornets!!
No way - I'm kris all the way. He's got a funky Mraz kinda beat!
And don't even say "world peace" or something crazy like that.
Did she just ask for more debates and opps to answer more questions???
I was just being observant lol
I don't need no relationshit!
awww why you got to be so darn sweet. MAD love and respect.
Are we there yet??
My sewing machine arrived today! What should I name it?
MEXICO LOVE YOU When you come back!!!
Think I should be able to get to the Berkshires (MA side) tomorrow. Dreading NY traffic
"You're like a gay Yoda!"
Sounds like a new week! “: Enough shovels of earth -- a mountain. Enough pails of water -- a river. -Chinese Proverbs”
Geez. Hope they were all saved.
RT The more teenagers try to look serious, the more they appear to be pooping. My sense is that many are unaware of this.
MT : E-mail from Gtown Events says first Truckeroo on May 11 at by #Nats Park.
Thank ya sir! Roger that. RT : i like your music style keep it up
I feel like my brain is fried, and we haven't done anything at school in like a week.
#microstories I got mad because the monkey stole my banana, so it hit me. Another dream. Why do monkeys hate me in my sleep?
it is a yes or no pick
We love the way music brings people together.
Fucking texting and not paying attention on the streetcar and I missed my stop
hey long time fan here. I love ur podcast. When r u gonna get to Japan and USA involvement and pearl harbor. Thanks
Off to shoot our new webseries tomorrow. Good thing I'm sick. I hate when I have trouble working up a hacking cough to ruin shots.
HELLO #PDX!!! Happy Sunday! Just thought we should let y'all know that we are serving up $3 MIMOSAS today along with brunch - Cheers!
Crap just sent a text ment for to twitter
how come it just all of a sudden doesn't fit? RT : My work shoe won't fit on :
Mark-Shane Scale: new word - collaboratory
Is everyone checking out the massive waves is SD? That seems to be all anyone is talking about. Like they haven't seen an 8' wave before.
You can make yourself happy or miserable - it's the same amount of effort.
So I turned on the TV at a good time - Phillies-Giants 0-0. Bottom of 11th inning. Still could go long though. And I'm already sleepy. Oh no
Welcome to NTH Tyler Dawson (soon to be Dr. Dawson)! We look forward to having you full-time after the completion of your progam!
i'm the laziest person ever.. whenever i drop a pencil, i never pick it up... i just look at it and keep on going.. 😞😔
Keke Palmer Got Her Gap Fixed
RT : Tomorrow night Patti Smith will be in London talking about her life with Robert Mapplethorpe! More info here:...
Blessed to see another day! Plus it's Friday!""
I be so ready to cut my hair off & run around like the rest of y'all ass with mf hair to the middle of my neck!!
I FOLLOWED IT! :) RT : I am DMING 3 random girls who go follow my number!
Thousands attend Easter service with Tebow
Every Thursday Night at Fatso's Pizza is open mic night from 6-10pm. The longest running open mic night in the valley.
Apple's 'Revolutionary' Project: 7 Possibilities - InformationWeek
Conception to implementation - don't let it take longer than necessary. Nothing profitable about arrested development!
He would have a Statue here if that happens
There's great rum punch at Nipper's on Great Guana key
If I had to choose between breathing and loving Austin, I would use my last breath to tell Austin that I love him.
Today I have mastered the art of eating while driving. but it's not safe For your t-shirt :b
It is perfect for outdoor activities! But do not forget to protect your skin! Lather on some Aloe Mint Hydrating Cream Gel
already researching my next trip to CA. Birthday reunion?
shoot me an email address
Looking forward to coaching session with
I'm getting hungry....
Reading the #SteveJobs biography by Walter Isaacson, absolutely fascinating, I can't put it down
you are an incredibly ignorant/foolish moron. the ONLY reason to oppose gay marriage is because of your silly book of myths.
I swear I hate ignorance.........
do technical skills still matter in IT? Listening to two CIOs perspectives.
Ahh gotcha. Here I was hoping echophon would have bacon ready for me in the morning or something ;)
Great meeting with civic, legislative and #highered leaders in NH on aligning college completion w/ workforce needs.
My life is in tact. I have love, I have success, and I have too many amazing friends to count. Thank you for all your support...
A moment for life.
Extended hours today for the Arnold! We're open all day until 8pm, stop in for dinner
self-proclaimed "bio geek" - I wonder what I might be if self-proclaimed...hmm
yes we need to make plans!!
IMMA TELL YOU ONE TIME :D
Happy Birthday to America's Oldest Teenager -
There is a house , I think in Fla., that is built upside down.
Socialism. RT : The AL Central leader will be two over .500 at the end of today. No other division leader is less than 7 over.
Thunderstorms. Love it
Hey, don't use double negatives....
What if you actually had to buy all the things you put in your Amazon cart?
is ashamed of me :p
Hello hello! Thanks! Check us out.
heading back to NY for a week...see everyone in 2012!
I know ^.^ he's so talented o.O
thank you!!!!
The Open Government Partnership: stepping in the right direction in policy, governance and global relations
Hundred percent reason to remember the name
Looking to work with Hello! Mommy / Parenting bloggers in the New Jersey, Eastern Pennsylvania, NYC area. Send referrals our way!
what you saying straight up for
Thanks and right back atcha! Have a great day!
I consider myself an elite writer, but I still have those close to me take a look... Just to see how minds compare
Thanks for the interviews!
RT Calling all indie publishers! Join us in 15 minutes for #indieview, to chat about issues that matter to indie publishers
Film shoot tomorrow for "Three Tears on Bloodstained Flesh" in Evansville
1 more hour until I potentially, literally shit my pants.
“: $125, and that's my FINAL offer!!” high. Guess you lose
Packers overall depth on the line will not be an issue next year. #NFLDraft everything else is going to be competitive gravy
went to see you 2 hours before you got there...when are you coming back?? don't ever go to that place again
what?? what kinds of jobs/companies are doing that?
Help me,help me mommy put me in the big out room..
Where the weed at
tht dude said they look like sum #GhettoOscars ctfu
Is the weekend here yet!?
yeah i'm on my drum..
An amazing world we live in: where an actor is paid more than a teacher and talentless people can be famous for nothing.
What Makes Justin Beautiful the love for his beliebers
Watching Pacers vs Heat. Rooting for the Pacers.
“: If there was an opposite of the gold glove, Matt Garza would win it” He's also the worst bunter in the league.
We love you too!
View from my 1st apartment! on E. 6th St. Had an ale there once--just because (1 yr after they were forced to admit women).
People on nashville can not drive in rain
Thanks for the S/O! #googleplus is def opening doors for how musicians can reach national & int'l audiences! It's exciting! :)
Pfizer says on lookout for mid-size drug deals | Best Articles And News
Wait... So really really really really really? Haha ;)
RT : Rangers sign Ron Washington to 2-year contract extension through 2014.
Wow. You just made our day! RT : you guys are my favorite place in DC. Every trip.
damn! I fail again! WTF ;(
soo youu tryna crack jokes now!? Bedtime?? Who has those anymore ??
Today is the last day at #nws2012, we've enjoyed meeting everyone and discussing technology in education. See everyone next year!
great times at chipotle
I have to be a nicer person today in real life, now that I've been a jerk on Twitter.
Where u going nigga
"The key to being free from the stranglehold of past failures and mistakes: learn the lesson and forget the details." www.budurl.com/QuoteA
last 4 days of living with roommates...I will be surprised if I don't kill one of them before that time...
Coffee. Coffee. Coffee.
I've been counting down the days on my bedroom door.
celeb makeup artist what is your favorite tip for this season #nerdprom ???
Cinny Cin is doing MUCH much better. She is definitely on the mend. The vet visit scared her straight I think.
its been really good. Just in college and ready for summer!
While I'm complaining, I have to run in the evenings this week and I don't wanna. Wahhh. Ok shutting up now.
Listen to you dudes daily! And I agree with trading young talent. To me it seems obvious. Our system hadn't worked....
I'm pretty sure when they come on TV i'm going to fall out of my chair lol
same here ugh needs sometin to do :P
and need to go to panama!
Last homeroom party of the year = eating our weight in food like usual St. Agnes students.
Here they come
: I'm in the middle of reading it right now. It's very, very good.
Hey mami would be nice to hear from you
power cords for laptops
Grinds it out to make sure we all good praying for us all RT : Im the type of manager that......
so far. I live in tennessee
No! As an AF wife it will soon be MY TIME!
Understanding basic HTML can give you a head start when using Dreamweaver. Try our HTML Basics class @ 3:30pm in the Homer Rice Center.
Just got to sample a gift idea from 's Mom's Day story. To die for.Check it out 6:30 w/awesome producer
messy bun? huh ? lol
Zanbeel Art Unity Resource Festival theme is “Mind, Body Spirit” Gourmet Quickie. March 6,2011 1-5.30pm 2200 Virginia Ave Santa Monica, CA
hey, that's what school is supposed to be my man!
I am 120 pounds! D: you're fine. -_- and I didn't even mention my thighs! :O you think I have thunder thighs!!!!!
RT : Check out our homie at Kilroy's On Kirkwood tonight. One of Indiana's dopest dj's steady on merk patrol!
It is definitely a topic that many people ask about.
thanks for da support
Visit my website at: www.sloofies.etsy.com
Thunder and Spurs. Can we fast forward to the next round.
Mission impossible made possible!
Hw the hell u running late but u takin pics
I think I saw you there. My daughter was demanding lunch. So said hi to Randy Merkin, waved at the guys, then went across street to eat.
Another Superb Day in the 5280, Mile HI City.......
#Imagine You're about to kiss Harry when he pulls away. You:"Harry!" Harry:*Giggles* "Aw you're so cute when you're angry." *Kisses you*
My two favorite days of the year #OpeningDay and when #Dook loses in the NCAA Tournament
apt. Thank you.
Either way, you aren't straning yourself by doing work lol
Playing-basketball with devin
LOVE YOU ALL!
clips got this one
125k /500 z. Next table to break. Also, I'm hungry.
Yo, can't sleep without my blankey.
Ring of Crying | Alcabano
I forgive, but I don't forget.
Learning from about social media. I'm taking good notes!
Always fun to be bear wrapped. 😍😘
In winter!
seriously. he was asking around about apartments to rent. doesn't even know yet that he's my husband (running joke).
I want to see that ruby sparks movie and the movie people like us ( :
When's his gathering? do you know the date?
Any job in #socialmedia is a dream
Yup....and he was my backup QB anyways, so I think it's a good trade.
I didn't stay stop partying. Just wanna know when you'd feel awkward at a club
Not even joking, so many bands are following.
Tee Hee RT : #ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30s Waiting for your Hogwarts Letter. That ship has sailed.
Feeling good
At Pullman square gonna watch Breaking dawn ! Gonna be waiting for 4 hours! And I'm only gonna have 3 hours to sleep, poor me ! ;)
Florida court to make a ruling on Jose and whether he can practice law as an Undocumented Immigrant
snow bound in philadelphia with only one week until i move to pittsburgh and become a student again.
More rain in Chicago. Make it stop.......
Congrats Alexa!!!
the word on the street you a hoe,just a groupie on a world tour your a hoe,now i found out for myself your a hoe girl ya need 2 check yaself
I love you like a fat kid loves cake, you know my style ill say anything to make you smile.
Hoola hoop contest in the living room.
Your next follows will be Bill Ayers, Jeremiah Wright, and Keith Olbermann.
how was it? You are a lot braver than me!
Final show of #PhantomsGoDown. I love these peeps. Thanks all!
One of the worst things that can happen is being ignored by someone you still love <\3
look forward to hearing about it. thanks for taking a leadership role
Swag. Purple. Canada. Leggo. Never say Never. RT if you thought of Justin Bieber ♥
KISS is on Scooby Doo.....it must be the end of the world
If self-fulfilling prophecies tend to be "self-fulfilling", they might as well be positive ones, not negative.
Did you see
it's true. and i'm guilty of it also.
Yay! Thanks so much- really appreciate you checking out the tunes. How are things with you?
Welcome Obedience and Rally Enthusiasts! The doors are open @ Alpha K9 U! We are looking forward to seeing you all today!
roger wilco. I'll be there at about 11. Will tweet then.
thanks EME! I want to meet with you guys soon so we can make sure you are all happy and doing the work you want to do!
I got a call a while back about that duet show A WHILE back but i never knew what it was so i turned it down.
Why does make me plug in my SSN, BD, and ask if I want to speak to a representative -- only to tell me that they are closed??????????
I didn't lack confidence in my skills, I just hated having to always announce that & defend my presence. I knew I belonged.
Good Morning heading to work in a few minutes. Mid Morning call time
TY! RT : .'s Industry Night last evening was outstanding. Thank you to everyone who helped make it so.
Anybody that know me kno I care even tho I say idgaf
can we go
Go be a bitch somewhere else....
Yay! See you tomorrow! RT : The will be at tomorrow. See you there, #Seattle folks.
Ahh! #Jane Eyre is trending! Hurrah! For free access to selected articles on JE go to www.maney.co.uk/journals/bst & click on 'top articles'
Don't let the winter weather give you the blues. A little bit of exercise helps to rebuild endorphines that make you feel happy!!!
#in I will be at #PAWCon in San Francisco today. It is my first time to this conference
It's my belief that we're only one hit novelty song away from the nadir of Angry Birds Fever.
Mark Fantasia, Live, this Saturday Night at 9pm till 1am!! Come spend the night with friends at Scotland Yard Pub.
So God apparently has told all the Republican candidates to run. Don't you think he'd clear out a primary for you if that was the case?
My heart hurts .
There is a certain sadness flying around NYC today. It almost feels like an old song
Thanks for the continued support for ! Top country downloads today, #USA, #UK, #Italy, #SaudiaArabia, &
why does it keep unfollowing you wtf but i re-followed
are you at home?:o
Just bought a new computer
outdoor shower scene. zac efron. the lucky one.
Time for the truth. I'm listening to Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter from on my
Of course since 2day is my day 2 write, they're doing a loud construction project next door & turned the water off in my building :(
Move on over our we'll Move on Over You. - The Black Panthers..
Why oh why can't I write this stupid last paper of the semester? Staring at screen & stuffing my face with chocolate & nothing's happening.
Still trying to get workflow to sync B cam to a cut sequence edited with only A cam
Leadership Development training for a client in #OKC this morning. Talking "future & the power of unleashing their team's thinking."
Earlier enjoyed the with session on advanced by & the co-presenter
"you were coming of age sexually when your mom had her car accident and lost her leg" just that sentence alone illustrates the insanity.
you'd think I'd get that a lot in the O.C. Mostly people are trying to sell me mansions.
probably gonna start crying soon.
North Carolina you bastards.
Is PW's charge for announcing all that much different from Kirkus charging to review self-pub/POD books?
Don't be silly wrap your willy.
2day Iz A Great Day 4 A Bloody Maxi Pad Slappin. Any1 N Mind??/": Smile today even if u don't feel like it!"
if dancing like a fool to yelle is wrong theb I don't want to be right.
I wanna do boxing .
Ariana Grande!!!!!! I love you so much I dedicate my heart 2 u =D
Amen, Wilbon. Amen
The End of an Era, Dr. Arvind Phatak retiring from Fox School after 45 yrs. Pioneer of the IB Program & Temple CIBER, you will be missed!
thats a ? God even asks but yea sluts will be sluts
Those that can, do. Those that can't, teach. Those that can't teach, critique.
:o dang .. well hanging out is gonna be awk!
the cost is very dumb!
And death in their company is less bitter, less inglorious, perhaps less probable --Proust
no problem. Good luck with everything!
Bobby Womack on stage with
#lgovsm Which is why two way twitter is so good - instant response is possible:-)
yeah, I first visited for the Macworld Expo in the late 90s and fell in love with SF. Esp. during Maine winters I get Cali Fever!
it's emoji's.. for iphones/ipad/ipod... Basically smiley faces/hearts/little pictures you can't see on computer/android
Happy Mother's Day!! 😄❤
History refresher: #SanDiego voters rejected a 2.5% increase to TOT 58-42 in 2004. proposing to just do it anyways.
My new expression: "Innovative programs that are right in the hairy edge of #accreditation."
Phipp's latest hack? An app running on his iPod Touch that lets Phipps manipulate every subsystem of his car from across the parking lot
yeah, of course! definitely wanting to make it out...you've got a really good lineup on your hands!
"Be aggressive. Be more aggressive. Never be satisfied." - Pete Rose's advice for hitters, football players, businessmen.
where ya' been, dude?
If the first piece of advice from any life coach isn't avoid bears you're being scammed
not surprised
can't wait to see you both tomorrow!! I'm having withdraws!
they got a movie together lol
Was in a children's bookstore that was playing Tindersticks. Wow/Shit.
Look either i can send you a 1,000 tweets telling u my story or u can read my bio.. Pick 1 (no presure)
#rise&grind On my way 2 work. Up thanking God & #TGIF :)
it was great to be apart of it. :-)
A123 Systems Reports More Bad News
I think you most definitely draft on the defense 1st rnd. We desperately need anotherOLB. Only if we get a FA
I am so blessed to have great people in my life. Thanks and for a great night!
good, yeah yeah i kno but i've made my choice now and everytime we talk we fight And I can't handle that anymore soo bye forever!
Still not even close to finishing these shout outs :P
ZACH RANDOLPH: Primary pivot face-up (left-handed player = right-foot reverse pivot) every single time..He's very effective from 18 ft on in
Scratch that, my day isn't ruined, my whole summer is
shorty you a dime why you looking lonely
happy Wednesdy! Robin
#iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo to 2 of my favorite artists on twitter! & Check'em out! Great #artists & great live shows!
Two more finals then sweet freedom!!
Give 'em an F in Stats.
Still happy with a Mariner's W however...
Someone go to the mall with me.
thank u. I like the new AVI better btw :)
St patricks day is nuts. So this is what it would be like if slavery never happened.
u can get it for 200
Yes, boss.:-) I might be trying it tonight...will let you know if I survive to tell the tale:-))
Just gunna ignore all the forkin hate.. & like says ...Gunna elevate above the hate !
Tell to stop their #VeriGreedy practices and respect workers and customers. Call 800-229-9460 now
upload them doe
Faith comes in the shadow of hope.
RT : Ha, you know it :) RT : Waiting for the industry battle cries for a boycott of all NC events.
You can't have it both ways
Soo sick! Thanks for the support! :)
Thanks. We're good. She wouldn't dare do much worse, bc of her "music career."
Everywhere. Everywhere I go. Everywhere that I've been. The only thing I see is beautiful people.
Also, Kane is more of the assist guy....but when no one can score, well....he loses out there.
Happy 4th everyone! Today is: Louis Armstrongs "birthday" 1900 in New Orleans & Drummer Butch Miles born 1944, Ironton, OH: Smithsonian Jazz
Thanks for the Monday shout out!
Let me guess... The Inconceivables?
Been there, done that.
Gotta keep it moving. Dudes stuck on the same shit
sure did. went straight to that ol long voicemail of yours!!!!
check dm's
congratulations to Matt Balint of COJK for sponsoring Poker 2.0 then proceeding to win the tournament! It pays to sponsor.
damn, it's almost quitting time.. today went pretty fast
Now I know why the Jazz didn't pick Jimmer last year with the #3 pick. BC Gordon Hayward can play.
masters in Chicago hood rat psychology
Oh gosh... I seriously need to leave this pet store... I'm in love with this puppy :(
I'm sorry :| You wanna talk about it? If not, I hope things just get better! c:
and Moss Lake
he came to her house.. haha.
Merry Christmas everyone!!!:)))
Squidling Bros. Circus Sideshow is playing at Cafe Van Cleef on Sunday. I wish I could find more details about it.
HER last day should've been years ago. It was somewhat sad considering we had 1 of the first pay w/ your phone apps
She a hood girl but she a good girl :)
Yesterday, I got behind on my water. Neither Ryan nor the kittens were pleased. Starting early today.
A4 Physical galleys likely to be replaced by digital editions. Print promo material in general. Ads shifting to online...
Ew. Why do people share there twitter on facebook? Twitter is to follow people you DONT know and people you admire.
Blitz Comet on the scene You step to me and you're gonna get creamed Corn all up in your teeth, you reek
I am looking for some good online games/tutorials for MLA citation review...does anyone have any suggestions?
Highly addictive!
You've done a great public service with that.
Just dropped off my first ballot ever #AmericanDream haha Make sure you vote! Don't take it for granted.
please let me know your thoughts.
Tango: very nice device but expensive. If you won't use most of its functions, find something cheaper.
we had stickers made. it's not a big deal.
how many times have I told you?!
I can't wait tomorrow #zumba :)
Keepin up with hockey while playing a show too?! You're quite the multitasker! #AttaKid! :P
#sonic absolutely rocks
Whoo Hoo - the semester starts tomorrow! Welcome spring interns. For the procrastinators you still have a little over a week to register.
NFL = No Fun League
Like lion tamer! Bt more like flea circus. MT what term should we use?
loved the article by former GS quant. Just confirms my decisions & prob yours too.
addict by K's choice
RT : Users take more responsibility for technology when it's mobile - bob tinker
don't forget to tell your members about New Pro Night!
RT : : when you learn you teach and when you teach you learn.
I'm craving a chesters hamburger. I think I'm having more craving then my baby's momma
All About Uma Kisses!
Hey, are you peeps located in philly?! Thanks for following the most lip smakin' bbq in Philly (Hint: that's us!).
hi justin my name is devon could you come to parkside middle school and sing
this bitch done glued a crow to her scalp haha
Then you'd miss ALL my shows!
yeah really, it's like a red flag to NOT listen to them
what's on your rainy day playlists?! :)
so far 5 runoffs have been requested (GOP #NC08, GOP #NC11, GOP Lt Gov, GOP Supt of PI, Dem NC Senate 21) & 1 recount NC House 55
it really can't be said enough, Ron Paul is naive, ignorant and dangerous on foreign policy.
#coffee gods, can a skinny caramel macchiato magically appear on my desk? I lack the energy to drive to get one myself....please?
Gladys is so adorable!!!
"We have a big, safe & wireless fusion reactor a few million miles away. It delivers mega in just about 8 minutes."
#WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan is most likely a lesbian.
oh he sure did. cheeseball
its only 8:40 here we have time!!
i heard you got a ballplayer , but he dont excite you
Exercise your right and participate in the election. If you have not already, don't forget to vote tomorrow!
"So Far, So Kush", a film by Alex Duong is an Official Backlot Film Festival Selection! www.backlotfilmfestival.com for details --> PLZ RT!
I'm not hungry but Waffle House sounds amazing right now! Im on #Fatass mode.
Hope you all have a fall back plan tonight.
Thank YOU! RT : "Broaden your findability, narrow your target" => great content marketing advice from
you are welcome
Oh what id do to wake up with u..
is at Sweet Tomatos with Bebop!
We search for some of the greatest artists in the country and place their art in our store!!!
lol okay what you gonna do today?
RT : Ravens Insider: Ravens QB Joe Flacco's "boast"- he's damned if he speaks out, he's damned if he doesn't. The media sucks
Kiss me in D-A-R-K dark tonight.
becauseIcanhelp.com: Donate $10 in support of The Epilepsy Foundation as we run the LA Marathon and help us reach our goal!
Hurry up and quit.
Yeah! That's where I did it! :-D
Im the new chair of a local scholarship program;would u like 2 donate some items 2the contestants in return 4ad in program?
agree about short-term collabs, but seems like we need a flexible #pubmedia funding model to make it happen...
Nothing to tweet about because there's nothing to do in Solon, OH when you're a college student.
Can't wait for my run/pasta/fro-yo date with tonight!
He gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak. -Isaiah 40:29
So basically Battleship The Movie is The Transformers in water? What happened to the actual Hasbro game's premise?
to the #2012MAC crew, thx for the love today. I had no idea you were at the Amway in my home town!
Wats good twitter get at boy um doing me
Because the light at the end of the tunnel is Jersey. Rangers vs. Devils tonight at 7. Check it!
Looks like the Lakers are gonna lose
Won all our matches tonight.
You should feel excited when writing - like you are reading a book you cannot put down.
Oops! How could we 4get U ? A big THANKS 2 Sherry Swick & Kelly Tinsley (+ & Hull House) 4 DC!
FRIDAY NIGHTC DANCE PARTY TONIGHT AT WET ULTRA LOUNGE & NIGHTCLUB with POWER 102, WET HOTLINE 915-449-2066
Well, not too bad. Imagine being in Indiana or Utah? I can't believe those kids drive 6 to 8 hrs to go to a show!
ok im looking right now...
"penal reform was born at the point of junction between the struggle against the super-power of the sovereign....."
i do not fill good today i fill so sick and bad i cant even get up so i mite not be geting on chat today maybe and maybe not okay sorry :(:(
dance class is gonna be da bomb these few weeks
ATTENTION #TeamMuldoon please help reach 11K followers! He ONLY needs 313, so let's get to work tweeps!!!!
Appear to have ODed on this morning's philosophizing. Looking for signal in everything.
Colts to win big is not trending like early week. Line moving down towards kick.
what happened to the visit?
Today our goal is to increase our Joy. What can you do today that elevates your mood and brings you pleasure? Give that gift to yourself.
That was a great chat, thanks!
House of Tokyo
Need a Medical Massage and have a drs. prescription? I accept most health insurance plans. Call for verification.
I did that with MTV. We are getting old.
MR. BATMAN!
I'd support interspecies marriage if we found a species as or more intelligent than humanity, but we haven't, so I don't.
looking @ alternatives to Ning for some of our faculty who don't want to dish out the $. Anyone have suggestions/good experiences to share?
sorry your not feeling well.. lots of rest and fluids and Christmas treats..lol MERRY CHRISTMAS GH AND GHI.. HAVE A HAPPY NEW YEAR
Frick...wrong person. Hahahaha you all get to see what I told my sister!
Happy 30th Birthday to She seems like such a nice person. Totally someone that I could hang with if she was in
Erykah Badu got a six month probation got fined $500 for running down the street naked during her shoot for the video Window Seat last year.
People do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Boom! Crushed it! :) Next up... the gym
I didn't ignore you, I was washing my face..lol
you gonna decide to be social this week?
hi :D
I first read 'finances' as 'fiances'. I imagine that would be a disaster.
Kids may be our future, but for now you be the present, for they shall remember you in the future.
love you too Sweet thing! Let reschedule lunch PRONTO!!
Good workout but damn I know I'm going to feel it tomorrow!
TY so sweet of you to say. If you ever make it to Indy cupcakes are on the house :-)
What do you guys think of our cover of Cute Without The E? :3
#AGirlDeserves WHAT SHE DESERVES...
oh shit. What happened?
Dont commit suicide, if you need someone to chat with i'll be a friend at hand. kids taking their own lives and shit smh
#FF because if you don't I'll pour spaghetti on your head.
Do you still have your Reinhold Messner ID?
I'm going to get a mouse and name him Mickey...because I'm just that cool and original.
Everytime I see Evan Turner I think about how stupid the 76ers are that they didn't draft Demarcus Cousins. They would be so much better.
Thank you for the ReTweet!
Thanks for the follow:)
My favorite personality always loved you and still
I'd find the data really useful if it integrated with my nav apps. They mentioned this as a potential revenue source.
With vinyl and cassette on a huge upswing, we're curious... would you by music on 8-track or microcassette? What about mini-CD?
Wow!!!! Union Station you make us run. Thanks for showing your Ficelle love today!!
Tumblr guys are the best. ❤🎀
Look what you've done... Prob wouldn't have worked this hard has it not been for you.
How to unfollow a Facebook post after leaving a comment via
No matter how many trips I take it still never feels real until I'm on the plane, actually going there.
just love your new song #swagitout makes me wanna get up and dance!:)
maybe for you. For me, hot is a sick understatement.
um lunch is on you,,,
ahh.. in other words "she's following me bro. i'll tell you bout it later." ....i got u.
Interested in attending the next #TNI tweetup 6/8-11? Hit me up for more details! $100 Special Twitter Rate at !
Catching up on with the sis. I've missed the last two weeks! Love this show.
let us know what you think! You'll definitely have to make it back for that pork belly.
Can't tell if it's my pride,dignity, or self esteem, but I'm feeling as if I'm not good enough. Going to sleep at 2, can't think while sleep
So thankful to be alive right now. I'll live for God everyday. Promise ya that.
Yeah plus were not the only ones that is annoyed that trash like 90210 and GG got renewed and worthy shows get cancelled
sounds like lots of fun! I was without my iPhone for 3 weeks, first 2 weeks I was ok, but the 3rd week I was  lol
Haha but it's so damn catchy!
#Sharon Needles
Special #FF to and for keeping my calendar packed and belly full while in
I've never felt so sick in my entire life and my ass is in school right now.
Need help w critical office issue: Please send recs for decent, affordable coffee. Thanks!
omg I'm glad I didnt give up! I meant some cool people! :)
and if you're going 2 dream, dream big. The of one is amazing thing to see “: DREAM...Then DO.”
Rev. Long, Rev Long...
but guess what
#startuphealth very elucidating. "yes, people ARE allowed to have their entire medical records under HIPPA."
Yeah, that would be fantastic.
Two college games on tonight: UH (11) v. Tulane and Virginia Tech (10) v. Georgia Tech (21)...which one will you be watching?
AH your observant....
#ThosePeople who always correct other peoples grammar but yet the cant even spell a word right btw it's "or" not "er"
Damn! I wasn't prepared for that one!
No, those days are long gone. (Gone with my 20s.)
He was kicked out... You know what for? He was night putting, just putting at night with the fifteen-year-old daughter of the Dean...
i also tweet inspectiv from a completely different app..too easy to tweet something off-color if on same app
The new Air album is really sweet.
OSU! I've wanted to go there since I was born hahaha
Miss World Chairman Julia Morley signed the contract that makes Indonesia official host of the Miss World 2013 and 2015 competitions.
Royal Flush - you know it happens to you. Sometimes you need access to a clean #bathroom when you are out in the
they should run smartOS!!
The has some stuff from time to time.
lol it's like he's singing to me! 😍
I dont understand why im getting the attitude (x
So ready for Game of Throne to start back! I heard it's this coming Sunday. Hopefully that's not a lie!
"I'm not a Homophobe... I have a Gay Friend" is the new "I'm not a Racist... I have a Black Friend"...
OK. Godaddy is back. Must have been your magic touch. Thanks!
Tip of the day: If you dont want to wait then alls you got to do is show up not on time.
thank you and congrats
OH SHIT! That's so exciting I am so happy 4 u mamas! YAY PARIS! Damn Lina you never cease to amaze me!
i know! Me too
Learn about how UCAN helped people during the holidays on Perspective this Sunday at Noon.
thank you for the heads up on the hacking issue earlier...: )
talking points for later: specialist presence on stage. 2) Ability to be mobile on stage. 3) new positions opening up. Maybe more
Oh wow! Thank you! There is... it's available on Amazon
“: Ahh I bet it was a riot! I can't wait to see the highlights! :) ” it was cray!
Brian likes One Direction, awh. I love him even more.~
Hey Wat's up
Not enough hours in the day.
Every where I go they show me love
great talk today at #uxsconf!
Congrats #Dodge! All that hype you've created and the new #SRTViper looks exactly like the old
And now onto the 15th. Or is this purgatory?
Movies with Thomas later :)
Pilgrims came to America because in England, the king made a law that if you live in England you had to believe his beliefs.
They're selling boba at school tomorrow right?
thanks so much for the RT!!!
Practiced disinterest.
Christ is born, give glory; Christ is on earth, be lifted up!
I still wanna go to outlook over ezoo
was it honey boo boo child!?!?!
my parking spot in San Francisco costs more than my monthly rent for my college apt.
I might actually be productive tonight. Cooked dinner, washing clothes, taking a bath, and writing
#EBUS118 Put #EBUS118 in the search field on the top bar.
“Your premium brand had better be delivering something special, or it’s not going to get the business." -Warren Buffett
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DR. SEUSS!
Time for smackdown!
Don't know how Harden doesn't have a concussion after that hit from World Peace.
Dragonite rolls and Spearow kabobs for the high rollers and only fried Magikarp for poor people
Hey. I miss you.
So where's the 5 o'clock happy hr near convention center? Won't make it to newseum, but can probably afford a quick drink b4 LOY event
Massage is great for your health!
thanks for a amazing time I'm still smiling today
oh yes It's amazing I do both but I prefer snowboard. Powder Mt. is killer. Did you try Solitude? I like it 'cause it's rustic :0)
Barrera's motion passes. Most schools will not be closed!
Man o man... Iam gettin my moneys worth at work today.....
We're having our #MTG Avacyn Restored Pre-release on April 29th! Two flights of 54 players. Come down and open the helvault!
Duke basketball: Looking ahead to next year - Fayetteville Observer
*Alive to opportunity* is an apt description
"How to Succeed" opens tonight!! Make sure to get your tickets!! :D
thanks for the pic choices. They always make the nights end a good one :)
i am lookin extra in all of the new clothes tht i got today luvin them <3
thanks for the 4x$5 gift cards!
I'll be in LA the 17 and 18th.
“: Who the hell is the unit?!?! #JerseyShore”
S&P to downgrade Twitter to 120 characters
We wouldn't have it any other way. ;-}
I will be performing tonight at The Barn in Sanford Florida with The Hope to see ya there!
Omg I swear its to much arguing.
Hey Marysville! Come to TKAM house! Rock and roll is totally really happening right now!!! 851 W 5th St in Marysville!!! $3
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. - Mother Teresa
Wonderful chat with Kindred spirits, dog mysteries, Laura Levine books, Starbucks...
All men are created equal some work harder in preseason
Off to work. Txt me
Never read the Rev Curtis Black series, but it sounds super juicy!
yea...but not a lot...prolly hit MJQ tomorrow...wat bout u?
FCC Disses AT&T, But Lets It Drop Its T-Mobile Merger Application ...
Great Monday! Made some Smoked cheese in Boise today, everyone loved it!
": Sex on the kitchen counter <3" sex on anything <3<3<3
Ah. Im tired.
great opening, ~40 characters, can't remember any name, awesome ost, nothing happened, yet can't wait to see what's next.
Hi vinny have a grand night :)
if you haven't seen the movie "drive", make that a priority.
what's good zamara rivera this is precise manager redell drakeford,i just forwarded you with the dj pack
I recently put the kitty treats in the fridge to prevent thievery. Now every time I open the fridge I have to remind myself not to eat it.
HIGH FIVED right in the face. Jk I love your idiot disease. It makes things interesting.
HOOT by Carl Hiaasen
sorry to hear that i just had a doc give me a ole 2 finger salute and he didnt even offer to buy lunch lol
I rock and I roll sweet Susie!
Limit 5 domains to transfer?? I have 189 on That Registrar That Shall Not Be Named.
no, , offline life and self-presentation is ongoing and relentless, too.
Just had a Guiness with
If you're in Allston tonight, hit me up.
If you don't like someone, don't waste time hating on them, because then you're wasting your own time.
Hubby & I took an airboat ride in the everglades. VERY cool to see gators in their natural habitat.
Oh hell yeah new music thursdays
What matters is the job you do not where you do it gr8t thought when uou think abt hiring
Get creative with your burger. Pick your toppings and dipping sauces only at ABX!
enough of this mood already.
that 5 dolla should get you here!
Thanks for RT!
A mom giving comment: 'this road has not been easy to ban bags. Businesses are complying and there have been no complaints!"
Y can't I tweet jonghyun :c is it because I'm black :C? I need to keep in contact that's my only way to Taemin UGH.
Since 1974 the #Yankees have visited the #Royals at Kauffman stadium 5x on games played on today's date 5/3. #Yankees won 2 of those games.
p.s. I can't wait to be that girl who comes in a bathing suit smelling like sunscreen.
good morning fellow earthling :)
I will be there STRANGER!!!!
It's so fucking hot outside
The name for the sign '&' which represents the word 'and' is ampersand.
Shoot, I didn't choose to rhyme - rhymin' chose me.
Bought new sports bra/booty shorts for dance :)
Happy Valentines Day!!!!!
i got this fart machine!!!! omg!! beware peoples!!! >:D
At Fenway. If a lefty is up you might see me.
Get a Netti Pot! I have allergies used it and clear breathing!
Why are all these youngins rushing to graduate high school. The real world BLOWS enjoy it
Here we go! WPT Jax bullet #2! Just sat down and my friendly neighbor asked if I just won the sitNgo. Obv I replied "sure did!"
I am hungry and tired and i really dont feel like waiting in this waiting room i just wanna get my physical and leave!
Wish I coulda went with today but my funds are pretty low.
Happy Children's Book Week! Celebrate by reading a book with your kids!
you and will do
I miss being on tweeter , and reading 's Tweets , mann do i lovee you ! <3
u ok cuzzo?
No question about that, darling!! ;)
Love your portfolio. You have a new fan!
I know I need to take my but to sleep
next week
thanks for reading! Great conference, my first time here.
- I sprinkle salt after I put them on the baking sheets & don't use parchment paper. It cleans easily enough without.
Tweet dreams.
Happy Hour on our Patio 4-7pm! $2 domestic taps, $3 rails..Tonight is SIN Night! 2 for 1 Rails, 1/2 off Taps, & $3 Root Beer Bombs!
Get that seat warmed up for Sunday!!!
Did you try it on or buy blind? Either, way, very luck!
Would Like to thank all my followers. I have reached 500 today <3 Keep it up and Stay tuned for company news and announcements. Hit me up!!!
Truth. I am personally glad he's gone. Canucks are already hated for much more, don't need another reason to be hated.
i guess you could say its the day everyone who smokes pot skips school and gets blazed
I'd appreciate that. I'd send 2 copies in that case.. I want you to have one
Is this national pick your nose day? Everyone I keep driving past is really diggin. Lol!
i will seriously bring you one right now
Omg crying now he is so sweet and amazing
I have the opportunity to miss the bus and read sparknotes for 15 mins or getting on the bus without reading at all....hm
The downside of the internet is that people read a few things and think they know something.
Where is Avant? I miss him.
Ha! Well I guess that makes sense ;) At least it's prefixed...
New DirectTV commercial?? Wanna-be Mr.Chow.
Open Mic Night tonight @ 7pm! Come support your fellow AU friends as they show off their mad skills.
I don't own an my place of employment, I only work here. If entire airports are closed for 2 days. What do you think I can do for you?
I can't wait till the heats in the 90's so we get out of school early. But we have air conditioning, so it's even awesomer
I know, I know.
just finished a 15 page paper. It was either today or tomorrow...
Hope everyone is having a great summer and getting excited about next year!
dude, we inspire each other bro..
Its on my calendar!
"I haven't seen you in ages, I find myself wondering where you are..." LOVE that song!
get the waffle tower if you're feeling brave.
I hate when people say they miss me when they clearly don't ! I'm not dumb
got it thanks!
We got news for ya Arlington! With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine!
#ILoveMyMomBecause of her cooking
First He Say Some BullShit then he say " My money to long nigga My weed to strong Nigga, FUck everybody, Im in my own zone nigga
and the WINNER is...congrats. You won a deucebrand watch courtesy of High School Hopefuls...DM me your address
ditto. #forrealsies indeed.
9:30 and 76 degrees! Why don't you and hop in your car and come down to the big D! We can look for !
Children in female-headed families are also disadvantaged because they are less likely to have highly involved fathers
You know what the NFL should do about all these injuries? Expand the schedule to 18 games..
Playing the Red Horse Cafe Park Slope, Brooklyn one week from today. Drummer Chris Benelli will be joining me for an evening of good times!
Subway sub with lays potatoe chips >>>
RIDE (ride) SWERVE (swerve)
just covering all my bases here but congratulations Kevin! Really happy for you man
#NewNicknameForMettaWorldPeace - The artist formerly known as 'Ron Artest'
But hopefully just as captivating. :) maybe one of the cows on the ranch will attack our camp site or block the trail. :)
I just hiccup-sobbed through the last ten minutes of Rashida Jones' ep.
On a sunny day a leaf on the ground is a warm leaf... put that sunlight through a magnifying glass and... its a leaf on fire.... thats focus
Open hearts & eyes see the party. Take a step home! #prodigal. Celebration Worship this morning Tell it!
yeah I know... psh you never said goodbye to me:( I will miss you cause I won't be seeing you in a while:)have a good ride home
Thanks. Yeah. Seems to have lots of useful information.
Up and at it —
not next year but the year after...they might actually be fun to watch now!
Only 21 more performances to see Tony Award nominated Judith Light and the cast of LOMBARDI!
dam thats where i was gona take you to eat for prom! xD
Nice to meet you Mark, have a great weekend!
Very cute outfit - well done with the polka dots!
Seriously! little brothers are pests
Sometimes, even though you try, you just can't be nice to everyone... Sad
My Son Got A Mean Attitude Problem Haha
Dump trucks are crushing personal property; media is barred from area; protestors hit with batons, digital media confiscated..
Another day down! Another opportunity to do better all over again tomorrow! Tomorrow we succeed! Tomorrow we win!!!!
So happy 3 Doctor Who eps are up for a Hugo! Way to go Community as well.
There are a ton of short codes that will help with posting by email.
Both #China AND #India visas are now complete. This only took 5 business days. Since when did bureaucrats become efficient?
We look forward to seeing you!
Miss T rite here bruh (ImmaQT)
Gardening accident.
The only way a Chinese man could get a whole peanut out of a monkey's bunghole was to use his mouth... for an hour. Ya never go
Lets go warriors!!!
wow youre early lol time to have fun with that Beemer rear wheel drive . . .
Not true. Dragged way too much. Matches lacked heart and practice. AND its fake. Give me UFC.
you know it! :D.
You are not even human fucking beings! *Marine Corps DI*
Ur welcome boo just want u to get well... cuz being sick is no joke
can't smoke shit .... where the pussy at lol
Tune in to today's DeWitt Law Review as we discuss small business entities. Give us a call with your questions 1-800-329-5858
whew! I was about to get quite jealous.
did you just get hit by a bus???
ok been giving next steps some thought - you guys going to be at teavolve 2nite? If yes what time?
Take the jump. Whatever your scared to do do it, who knows when you'll have another chance?
Nothing better than cruising around Baltimore in a shiny clean car. 30min until we pick 3 lucky winners. RT to enter.
Contact the instructor directly for the grade. Email: and we can direct you to help with the grant
I wish but my pair just broke and I don't have money for new ones
Red Mortgage Capital Leads Nation as Top FHA Multifamily Lender Per HUD Fiscal ... - Virtual-Strategy Magazine
#RESPECT RT : thanks for you effort tonight...
The Stay Home and Read a Book Ball (#stayhome&readball) launches this week, and we got our first donation! Thank you, Rebecca!
Nothing better than an amazing hug from someone genuine. It can bring me to tears.
or "too much education debunks my ideology/faith"
hahaha me too! :)
I don't care for flowers but from a guy, I'm a sucker for flowers!
I hate the itchiness of this shirt
yay!! Wanna come party with me on Saturday?
RT : RT : USDA Invites Applications for Grants to Provide #Broadband Service to Remote Rural Communities MORE:...
Have you ever been to Florida? you should come here soon!;) follow me?
oh we are in and filling up our bags!
no apologies needed!!
Walking to 's annual dinner & the city is living up to its nickname.
*cough* no life *cough*
Discipline yourself so others don't have to - lovin that quote from bill Walton
. If you have to freeze a cookie to make it taste better, you're already losing.
Cardinal's are playing home this Sunday. Accent is here to transport you to and from the University of Phoenix stadium in style.
Feel ur pain. Same here. RT : not eating out or spending $ for a few weeks. Christmas kills me! #ramennoodles it is for lunch.
RT Watch the plan take effect. Helping the family discover substance abuse in the home. FB coalition for a drug free home.(Like it)
Hey there, #JoeBlow. Why don't you come in off the street?
OLLU Softball - Won 8-1 over University of the Southwest
My #FaveAvenger is Iron Man...as Tony Stark. Or Thor...yum. // RT : Who is your #FaveAvenger? Use the hashtag to tell us!
I want something else to get me through this semi-charmed kind of life.
I rly <3 that when I restart my phone bc it froze, it automatically sends msgs it perceives as undelivered to various contacts.
CongratsWang Her on your 2nd Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sac franchise owner. We value our partnership with you!
loving you is easy because your wondeerful
Daughters tend to have labors similar to their mother.
What makes miley beautiful? euum let me see.. BITCH SHE'S BEAUTIFUL BECAUSE SHE'S BEAUTIFUL.
5-7 page argument paper, MLA format on a topic of our chosing
GO FOLLLLLOWWW FOR A HUGE SOLO SHOUTOUT:)))))))))))
Go to Mungerart.com and see Roseann's art work. You are going to love it!
the site looks nice!
“Today, you have 100% of your life left.”....... Tom Landry. Yes, that means there's still time to achieve your dreams. Now get to it :)!
Heights of serene contemplation
you sure?
tell paten that he wishes that he was this cool
Before my nigga die he wanted a old skool wit 24" and make dis money wit me and his bro fuck all of.dat now.u in a better place
“: NOW: spox: We still have every expectatn #civilunions will recv vote fr full House. It's right thing to do" #COleg”
Haha when he's sees me he's gonna wanna get it in right then & there!!! O i can feel it!!! ahahaha XD
"Perhaps its human nature not to admit there are things you can't do."
Guess I'll keep ALEX IS AMAZING an CHRIS BROWN IS A LEGEND a TT while Watching Elf #thingspeopleshouldnt do watch Pineapple Express
Flight for ALA reserved.
Wait...when did About Two Ferns get a TV show?
your a lucky mother fucker thats why !
sorry to hear that.. GoIceCaps!
Why not provider-to-patient direct transfer of #DigitalHealth info rather than via single Internet portal? #PDA12 #AHA2012 RT
Hey all. Molly here from Chicago...city of hapless sports fans..I can't wait to learn from & others.
just in case you missed the memo-- tonight we are premiering "Patterns & Perspectives"-- a new architectural exhibit from our permanent...
My friend cheated on his gf not nice /:
Just got my digital recorder working at the END of this cool Civil Rights panel. So much for my tech diva credibility. *sigh*
done follow back
is singing the Captain Planet planeteer themesong (he remembers all the words too!) Is Whoopi Goldberg doing voiceovers?
I bet that will go really well.
We'll have the link to the new song on YouTube within the hour!
I'm not done. It just feels like it. LOL
cubs sox are all good!! As long as its Chicago!!!! That's where I grew up!!! ;)
you bringing some of those Armenian ass kicking skills down to Tampa for ?
Great pics! better step up his game in the photography department.
Relaxing in the sun! Got my sunscreen on :) #protectyourskin ☀
Another #blessed day is here
It's my go-to topping when I make pizza at home (though I use medium...)
Did you take pics?
oh, i miss chapel hill, especially this time of year!
Thanks for the ice cream, YUM!
Your not a necessity.
Presentation Preparation
Thank-you so much, that is very kind. I really enjoyed doing the Q&A.
So is your face
Had so much fun this weekend that I am wishing I had another day off!
Xbox "Update in Progress" ME "wtf is taking so long, i just wanna shoot some shit"
No Problem!
Begin to see yourself as a soul with a body rather than a body with a soul.
Thanks! I sent it along to my math teachers as well. The graphing calculator is awesome!
This thing is exploding....Watch this and take the FREE tour here if you see why I am so excited. Next stop is the world!!...
Bout to watch underworld awakening.......randomn convo wit
Can I touch your legs? Do I make you sweat?
this is the only way to do it when someone else is playing the property taxes :)
To fit in place with Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8.
I just assume that's how the British spell it.
#AISM why r blogs a special category of SM?
Yes!!! I almost never make it to games so it was still fun but disappointing
I'm the fire warden for my floor. We do annual drills. Building told me we should bring street-clothes disguises for Friday.
Can't leave Columbus without getting something new at the shop.
Penalties & turnovers killing drives - and extending drives for Denver. Can't win playing stupid football.
Another brand built to perfection by Joseph & Vanderpool...we are proud to work with the team at Greenbriar . Clair . Motlow
When the hour is upon us/And our beauty surely gone/No you will not be forgotten/No you will not be alone--ROB THOMAS
So let me get this straight, you take off work the day that's before your birthday but come in today, your actual birthday....riight
Hey nice pic
New Client: United Calvary Church - Website design, CMS, & Photo gallery. Stay tuned for updates and domain info
Harry potter on Friday! Hooray!!.
more like #isit6yet :-(
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers.
I learned something very important this weekend, I can't dance.
Genghis Cohen was a blast as usual! Thanks to all who were there! More to come + thanks for following!
RT "Man is not made to till the soil. His birthright is dominion, not subjection." Mary Baker Eddy in Science and Health,...
It's Time by Imagine Dragons is my new favorite song!
cool cupcakes!
HEY :) Thank you for the follow!! :) - Ava & Loretta
what do you mean? Like a phone number?
So ready for the lady vols game later!
The Descendants left me itching to visit Hawaii. Startling to see Clooney puffy and worn, w/ out his sparkle. Really liked the film.
psh what are you talking about....mine never left!
Thanks for coming out and joining us for Damsels! We've still got room at Rocky Horror tonight. Or join us June 2nd for next one
Got to work on a car with my dad =D
this is the prob with idealist theory. It never recognizes the tech conditions for its own practices and discourse.
I'm tired,I'm part of the staff in our school play and I'm egsosted!
TYSM! You have been a great cheerleader!! So happy!
If you love me! Here's what I'll do, I'll take care of yooooooouuuuu!!! ---->
Is your heart so hard that you know longer feel a prick (conviction) ?
"Melvin Mora, numb nuts." - a ten year old child
Bored to death in school
I wish I was at Pluckers right now :(
haha I live that song!!
Thanks much for the following us.
Yes I do! :D #iloversyew<3
we saw Da Bear's Greg Olsen at zoomanity tonight.
Beauty , Whats Your Youtube name , I LOVE YOU !!!! FOLLOW ME PLEASE !
With your help! Thanks for the support.
We are attending a show and a #JAPANDROIDS show on consecutive nights. Gonna be rough. Easier when they billed together:)
10) Look at the solutions, not at the problem. - From Donald Trump’s 10 rules of success.
I hope I see you this saturday or Im gonna be SAD :(
RT : Two teens holding another boy down & hacking his hair off his head because they think he is gay is not a prank. It's assault
": " that kid is so cute, he's like a ginger harry potter!" "
Don't worry, I won't!
#DoubleRainbow RT : Thanks to the The New Mexico Fan Page for sharing Red River's photo and the great sentiment that goes...
You are dirty. Go shower you hoe. You're on my badside, goodluck to you.
HEADLINE: Name of Kentucky Derby Winning Horse Confirms Last Drink Was Not Enough
guys that dont know how to hit on girls... " i saw you lookin at me ;) " " ...but i wasnt... "
#YouAintHittinItRightIf I fall asleep during it
Hm, it kind of alarms me that ethics aren't inherently incorporated into ALL MBA courses to address repercussions of decisionmaking
If BN was trying to give Nook buyers some confidence, they're failing. Regretting my choice right about now.
trynna hop on da men's league team? Gotta submit da registration by da end of the month
Northbound 94 closed at Ryan Road. Detour: exit at Ryan Rd, East to Howell, North on Howell to Rawson and West on Rawson back to I-94
congrats! I still have to get a 50-miler in sometime
I love getting free food at the Cafeteria.
People are really making it hard for me to be happy
Makin the bed rumble n the morning... It's like electric shock therapy for my partner!
yeah he is just looked it up I like his skills
Dear well-meaning people, Please don't add me to your Facebook group. If I want to join, I'll do so myself. Thnx. Stephen
I need more help with the simple situations!
In Sifu Restaurant now. Waiting to serve so hungry :( mood: hungry :(
I know. RIP Aaliyah ❤ 🙏
:B thanks. i basically died when he did x)
debating adding a cello part to one of our studio tracks. anyone play the cello, live in ROC and want to record a short section?
Worry is a cycle of inefficient thoughts whirling around a center of fear. ~ Corrie Ten Boom
Analysis: Sharks circle McClendon's Chesapeake confident it criminalizes homelessness in Turkey
how bout your favorite game
Dude my followers rock. Thank you guys for always being there :D
I miss you too! College Alegbra is kicking my butt...think I failed my last test! AH! Let's! :D
mike stuffing his face again! Gonna be an early bedtime. Happy paddy's!
I will be attending #BiteOfLV tomorrow. Great music, great food. Super excited! -Ap
My bedroom. Time for a renovation and new linens!
Bose + Pioneers = Relaxed with my cast foot kicked up
Trying on pairs of $300 shoes because I can...'t afford to buy them.
We're just a couple of straight dudes that enjoy small dogs, Pinterest, and "My Super Sweet 16." Any questions?
our own twitter mini-sphere...just like playing shows in Athens
I actually love that they still do that :). It's the English major in me.
My dad almost ran over the cutest little puppy :(
I feel like walking around school with my nuts just hangin' out
Did I make it in time?
Can't wait! That campus is a blast!
that may take a long time. I know A LOT of people ;P
I kinda thought so. Thanks for the info. Are you still in Israel?
