How did I ever plan a shoot without Siri?!
i have so much homework and 1 hour before i've to be asleep. but i'm lying on my bed staring at the ceiling
may have to consult a physician, its been 4 hours since my workout & I'm still #pumped &
I wonder if is studying right now
Marathon book design work-day: 10 hours and counting.
Have a safe drive home, Anita. :)
I miss you already!!! Saddest week ever 😢
Thanks for the #FF!
Watchin Transformers 3 tonight reminded me why and how much I live Bumblebee. He's amazing and all out adorable! x3
safe travel to okcity
Sadly, not watching this AM but do love the #TheBlackKeys & their live performance :)
thanks for the rec !
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!....
but I would call her "shy" (chi) as her nickname...
Had a movie-nerd film fest at home today watching "These Amazing Shadows", "Reel Injun", and "Trumbo". Recommend them all.
I'm so hilarious lolz
Thanks to all of you who came to Playdate with the Bearcats yesterday! Very fun and lots of good press!
MT : Setting a record for mike checks? RT : 6th disruption of Verizon meeting taking place
My feelings exactly- great location, mediocre (but affordable) city. Still, I'm amazed at how deep the roots grow in just 7 years.
My grandad driving* its a 20mph school zone, so he slows down to 20mph. And I'm like, its a fucking sunday, who's going to be at school?
off to work!
I will now cont. my adventures n cooking www.myrecipes.com Such a helpful site! Normal combinations, not a million ingredients, & coupons!
Just woke!! Feeling like a boss!(;
If i decline, do u inquire on where i spend my nites at?
Don't take it personal
Just completed service activity at Thurgood Marshall Academy. Always amazed at the talent and determination of our young people.
So you haven't figured it out yet either?
I know, its because your always mean to me when I see you
This is a luxembourg shout out to my many followers!! Love you dad and Dale :)
bring them too!!
I don't know why but that picture really made me laugh!
so sorry that you miss him online he said he was taking a break maybe he will come back online later :)
asks, best/worst of 2011 for workers? Feb. in Madison. Walker's budget and people's direct action to stop it. Started new mov't.
such a simple yet profound reminder that One has choice in the story we tell to self and others
Wtf J.R. Smith move back to China fucking up our highlights
Layover in Seoul. Gotta say, Incheon airport is totally fantastic - they even have massages! How cool is that? (Didn't get one, but still!)
Hah! True! :) RT : Of course it does - you're paying for consulting!
no idk if thety are or not i was askin u
ah...yeah i would agree and im not even in the class.
Tracking drums for Dugout today.
#follow for more info
Just I say faggot doesn't mean I'm talking about a gay person
#ifiwon how much would it cost to wrap a bus with clever one-liners?
Very sore from the gym!!!
Police department won't let mereord their training that is open to the public.
Globalizing revolution through hip hop…I can't wait for this to make its way to textbooks.
yea I wasn't approve for my best buy card but in about a month
TEE AMOO♥ FOLLOW ME!
Only eating half of a sandwich is your way of telling the world that you are a loser.
ugly schedule. Pray for 2-1 outta last 3. Hope one win is against state!
No matter what I’m doing, where I am, or who I’m with, you’re always on my mind.
it was all I could do to stop myself from doing that tngt but if I don't get a live link to the game up soon, I may have to
M..I cant tell how is gunna win?? On
Lakeshow got the win no suprise now let the all nighters of studying begin
kinda reminds me of the scene in Jaws when they catch the tigershark or when the water helicopter lands in Jaws 2..........
*takes a look* he's....cute. *quirks eyebrow* what is it?
absolutely love the new swype release! u guys are awesome!
Join #loopabroad on facebook at "loop abroad 2010 thailand"!
damn 15yrs the game will never be the same
Marv Alberts had no idea the game was over. Brilliant.
haha yea he's garbage I play with him sometimes. He pumps balls into the woods
Why can't the men switch places with women so they feel are pain
I was raised by drunks so I became a drunk
What time will the interview start?? I don't want to miss it!!
Got all my mothers day stuff together faster than I thought phew
Did Creed just say he loves ceramics on #TheOffice season finale? I'd love to see him guest star on Antiques Roadshow.
The good news is, if you bet; "Fab Melo will be a worldwide trending topic in March" you win.
Where did my day go, pls?
Waiting for a dentist appointment on Monday to tell me that I have to get my wisdom teeth cut out...aren't I too old for this!
in front of the metal bars that you should be melting into usable metal for......well.....um......see you at work.
Can you send me the link to triathloner with Lymes, please.
Downtown Los Angeles; Major law firm needs 3-4 years of law firm experience in corporate transactional matters
while Michelle Obama was giving commencement speech in G'boro, NC Dems were extending their mess involving the party chair in G'boro
Loved meeting you! Hope to talk more! Jazz on!
RT : Q4 if people cannot find the assets, or the process/technology is too complex, youve failed. people wont adopt
Many thanks for the follow!
Best cinco de mayo: Mavs got swept, Spurs win, beat storm home.
It's 6 degrees outside with a wind chill factor of WTF?
hey, I just met you and this crazy, but heres my body, fuck me maybe?
“: It's never too late to change who you are.”well then do it!
I love Walmart, I've been 5 mins and I've seen a chick in clown makeup and a mullet.
I love having coffee with ! She is awesome.
going to bed :)night
Hi hon, disappointed that Octavia & fassbender weren't nominated :( What about Owen Wilson?
TWO more shows left!! Are you coming today at noon? If not, the only show left is at 8:30 PM on Sunday and the house is almost full!!
Baylor plays like the type of kids that will get pissed off toward the end and get someone hurt. Hope Cal notices.
low key, a nigga always wanted 2 b a pornstar
Watched Outlaw Garage again and can't wait to finish my car. Then OCC came on and strangely I had to shit. Ccrapmakecrap
Had no idea. Thanks!
wwait, so youre really going to prom?
wat u get first in
Quote: "I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is to try to please everyone." Bill Cosby
I wonder what happens if someone blew on your belly....
Lots of newbies in spin class this morning!R u a group exercise newbie? Why were u scared to go? Or, do u still not go? Or do u not like it?
New initiative: make workplace naps socially acceptable
Thanks for following! Make sure you sign up at nyfocusgroups.com
only 2 days left at the beach /:
Guys that hold open doors for you. >>>>
Back in FL for a few days. Lovin the sunshine, the smell of fresh flowers, driving and of course Publix.
It's pretty sad that even 11 runs up, we didn't feel secure in a
I really am going to miss when we both go off to college, #RS!
Anyone see Ivan Rodriguez's throw to 2nd base last night? The man still has a hose!
aww thank you so much for that pic I will send it to my friend
All I kill is beats and pussy...still ain't went on trial for it.
- very funny designer feed. For you non-designers, google his name if you need help getting it.
im down ypu loose weight fast and take out your anger
That's because it is! :) RT : #peekanalytics looks awesome!
has anyone heard of or met Rob Mulligan?
Having grown up in the publishing industry and seeing the possibilities, IMO TR's product and approach are to blame. Not apps.
RT : Bioware's new IP #CommandAndConquer looks underwhelming.. I'm just saying
Do u ever feel like you give SO SO much to everyone but yourself? I feel like I'm losing my identity.
Concerns about privacy with lending through Kindle and Amazon -
This guy smells so good.
You have to set high standards early in life when you do something do it as if the whole world is watching and make it count.
Haha! Does your mom give u something at the end of the appointment? lol! my dentist gives me toothpaste -.-
just gotta persuade my mom that itll be a late birthday present and an early xmas gift for me lol
follow back on my birthday would be AMAZING Please!
Morn'n All! Everyone have a great week!
do you know if there are any UK sites that will stream the match on Saturday?
If games are won in the offseason the Eagles should be cleaning a super bowl trophy off right now
Today with and outdoors , was very funny with you ♥
good morning ms case, hope your birthday week has been spectacular :-)
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.- The Buddha
Cooking at Home: Strawberry almond tart
Love hearing about positions. Are you in touch with our Careers Office? Feel free to contact or
Are you available 3pm EDT today? If so can you message me via twitter with a contact # Thanks!
Sad news from Took a chance on a kid right out of , honed her skills and introduced her to the finest PR folks around.
Got the Tees in production. Apparel is gonna look nice this year along with my overall win again.
Cleveland is have a good one too. But when you are starting from scratch it doesn't take a lot to improve.
WOW! cant find Junior Seau reports anywhere, not , not , looking , nothing. This bigger news than bounty Saints
on Season 3 of The Wire for the third time.
thinkng about you :)
IT'S MY BDAY. I'M AT THE 4731 (GRAND RIVER) GALLERY TONIGHT PERFORMING. 9PM. I WANT TO SEE YOU THERE!
busting my butt at church totally made my day.. So funny. 💜👆🐭.
Hashtag #prettyprogressive while twitter chatting during the show, every Friday at 11AM CST.
NYJER MORGAN, YOU ARE MY DOGG.
I just saw the trailer. It looks kind of scary. That mouthpiece might just haunt my dreams.
you're the monster underneath
I swear I should tweet some of my text messaging conversations
Colts' tie record with New England Patriots for winning 21 consecutive games, How about THAT!
is such a hottie!
"Valentine Date Ideas" What I am doing for my man is steak dinner,sex,video games,sex,snack,movie,sex. basicly anything he wants.
Everyone on #TheVoice killed it tonight except Lindsay, but that's not unusual since she is terrible. How did she make it this far?
You really shouldn't eat that. You probably know where 's brain has been.
I love this show! So much talent!!!!!!!
Working some magic on some tracks today, and already miss Australia...It's so cool there...
#BadArt is art is art is art. That's all that matters.
#Quote from "if you’ve hit rock bottom there are only two ways to go…sideways or UP!"
It was just pointed out to me by a close female friend that I've known her half her life.
i know thats right wanna keep it real
come an visit
Thanks for following!I would follow you right now back but I have some technickal problems.Don't worry I'll follow you!(:
What are your plans for your special hardworking Mom for mother's day?
that is precious!
hmm...no. However, I always nuke my stuff in covered containers.
what are you guys doing this weekend?
Please pray for Holly Bobo's safe return. Abducted Wednesday morning from her home in West Tennessee! RETWEET PLEASE
are re-workin a few tunes 2nite.
This poor hunny child girl has a belt on with sweatpants. lord hellp her
I find myself often dreaming of Lady Pirates.
Ditto! ;) RT : thanks bro! “: congrats on another gr8 edition of ! #trulytalented”
Can't find my glasses.
lolololol right! I hate
good luck man. Hope it works out for you. U did alot for this community and the bucks organization.
Go see tomorrow at Vinyl Renaissance in KC on 39th at 4pm!
Inside I hope you know I'm dying With my heart beside me In shattered pieces that may never be replaced
Hmm "Rock of Ages" looks good but I CAN'T STAND Tom Cruise ... What... A conundrum
It's that special time in Earth's orbit when the glass building across the street creates a solar death ray in my library.
If there was such a thing as spilling coffee on yourself insurance, my premiums would be through the roof.
The next show is going to be on August 21st!
*sexually frustrated teenager
May I suggest on your next flight, car ride, or bored moment - You peep out They wont disappoint! www.skeetones.com
I agree tho she and I have been out every night this week! Where u been?
Great Q&A interview with on his The Dreyfuss Initiative in today's Worked w/ him on a Tourette Syndrome Briefing
1mon at the gym 6lbs, 1inch of waist and boobs, 1/2 of thighs.. I guess I we won't break up with the trainer!!! He's lucky!!
God be with me so that I do not fall over from shaking knees or drown in my own sweat from nerves. Thank you for this opportunity!
Much props to Denver - they played hard man.
Finally watched 's Conviction piece. Powerful & disturbing insight into our justice system. What's the latest, Luke?
I like having 10 texts when I get off work. It mAkes me feel important.
I have trust issues.
I'm hoping the prices fall the closer we get. Greed's a bitch, sometimes the scalpers get burned. I'm a buyer at 90-100
Opening day for the Mets!! They start their run to the World Series today!
cool. thnx. i read someplace that u have specific criteria on what makes it into the happtique store. i guess all health apps do?
she's great I'm bed
Sucks to be U
I hate that I'm missing all of this good ol' GOP entertainment tonight. They're more comedians than they are presidential material.
Remember how Jackass had all those warnings before the show started? Does Teen Mom have those same ones?
u should txt me :-)
I wanted today to be just like the rest, do naturally, I'm late AF
So awesome...watching rock the first of two sets at the Troubador. Place is packed!
Good morning! Looking forward to a busy day and UFC tonight at the UC!!
It's difficult to teach politicized material without a bias, and it's hard to teach without admitting and countering my own.
good morning
it is but got to live my life
Thunderstorms and naps go together like beer and pizza. And they all go together on Sundays.
Off to Pasco WA!!!
"Above all, be true to yourself, and if you cannot put your heart in it, take yourself out of it." - Hardy D. Jackson
Today's BTU inspiration: "Everything you can imagine is real." ~Pablo Picasso
Sweet Tweet connect on Manta given it up to Liz Laquerre. Keep the social plug going. I accept
TB All The Way
is setting up and maintaining accounting procedures and books, developing budgets, auditing accounting records, preparing financial stateme…
can't wait!!
I shall call you squishy and you shall be mine...and you shall be my squishy.
any plans friday night after the dinner?
American mannie was saying he visited a town called wick to his friends. So I decide to scream out me IM A WICKER :D :D :D.
friday is my bday!
It is what it is !
: Sending some love to my new friend
By Love and Art Scarred the motion picture just got an Award of Merit from the Los Angeles Cinema Film Festival of Hollywood!
Thank You to 11 companies pledging gifts for Giving Tree today, Johnson Controls, Micheal, Best & Friedrich CH2M, more! 1,000 closer....
: We gotta sort out our next Drinking About Museums! No more table taps. ;) Thabks for rec'ing MCN. Amazing. Still spinning.
My phone is sendin txt messages so fast right now
Hey, can't wait to see some of your work.
Unguarded, tormented and tortured And got nothing but scars and grey hairs to show for it..
Who likes ? Tell us where you are from and we will try and get them to a city near you !
Honestly? One of the better weeks on record :)
“: "here's my email adress..." aka i like you just not enough to give you my phone number...”
Paper idea: "Wikipedia as Doxa."
By the way...score is 19-0. 2:28 left in second Q.
Welcome to reverbnation..come have a listen to 1 of my tracks..hit the "like" button if you like what you hear..Thankyou:):)
sliced cucumber + lemon pepper = crazy delicious!
RT : Most effigy vessels from Colima are "huggable". Are your decoys Paiute?
Joan's first class is on current awareness, e.g. "IP blogs: the pocket parts of the future!"
No Prob ;D Thanks for the follow back!
Clean the lint filter in your dryer after each cycle. If lint build-up is severe, give us a call so you don’t damage your machine.
Trend trend
Biggest lie you ever told. [: I remember hamburger with just the cheese. First dinner date, hahaha.
Who's Brett Favre? Don't you mean Brett Pevre?
Virginia strands 2 runners in the bottom half of the 1st. NC State leads 7-0.
#CollegeDinner is a trending topic lol i know you got some good ones "The Grease Bucket" jajajaj
I just started crying....
are you home???
God's Love... it never fails... it never gives up... it never runs out on us! Come on somebody!! That's GOOD NEWS we can REJOICE in!
I am in LA! At a hostel!
Creepy asian staring at me...
Church janitors wearing headphones and singing louder than the vacuum >
Ratchet ass tweets on my TL. LOL
Glad no class in the morning today!!
You can do it if you believe you can! - Napoleon Hill
I'm so confuse. Are we doing the 4X4 or no
So, if we somehow get trapped at the party on Saturday, we have enough drinks and food and dessert to keep us happy for a month...
Glad to hear it. I'm grateful for our break from the biting cold too.
see ya guys there!
Heading up to Vancouver for a bit. What's new to see/do/eat/etc... since 2010?
Let's hope to god, that time flies like they say
Bah! This is on a higher plane of existence than monetary concerns! If want go, go!
Going to Carmelo's for lunch with the family. The Yelp reviews are making me a little uneasy though :/
idk, but it's the last molars you get. Is that what you are meaning?
Tighter than Dick's hat band.
No!That satellite needs an impact smart hard drive.
Everybody loves the gangsta twitter bird created by out my page to see it
excitings news?!?! you two are having a baby together? Awesome! ;-) super powered ghost finding baby.
yea, but flying pigs sure are cute
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew.
Blackman Kallick is expanding! We are seeking a skilled accounting and finance recruiter to join our team. Please message me if intereste…
TY for following! Let me know how I can help Gatz - Dr. Gottschalk
You are not dumb - you did a good thing for the day. Now, you're off the hook!
Learning about how bad we faculty are-like STUDENTS!!
"She's like a combination between Molly Shannon and Chris Farley." -Billy Bush on Melissa McCarthy
I could literally stab a driver that slams on their brakes for no reason.
#AGirlJustWants some1 to love thm 4 who they r & wht counts on the inside not on the outside :)
excuses, full of excuses.
go to haverhill ma!!! maybe you can help me with something on my list(:
The Batman axes are sweet! I play a bit, but I've only got three at home. So I'm a bit jealous.
LOLOL. Danika and Lisa fighting is funny ;).
Everyone wish our guitar player a happy 21st birthday!
We're dropping some cool developments this week. Stay tuned.
Any comic book fans buying digital comics over hard copy? What are you getting?
I have a ton of homework -__-
Children are playing with hail thinking it's snow... :)
Finally got my belly button pierced!
nope...unless Super Bowl
What are your holiday/Thanksgiving plans around South Florida? Tell us about your favorite Turkey Day tradition!
Chaos is the score upon which reality is written. -- Henry Miller
Another grind at work. Can't wait to be done. Day off with my babe tomorrow. First in a long time and I can't wait
Yes, unicorns and rainbows are a packaged deal.
What did you think of "Anansi Tries to Steal all of the Wisdom of World" read by ?
Roofie & lemon drops! RT : I will tie her up or roofie her like Alan did in...
it's great to see 's tweet activity increasing.
Sup Weep Woop!
Imma start throwing things!!
Thanks to and for the new follows - Keep watching for #Design tips and #Contests coming soon
I think im bout to change clothes again....
Daddy got lex the DEADEST flowers
Our bestseller is Cherry Almond. Other combos are Lavender Patchouli and Orange Cinnamon. What scent combo would you like to see us make?
Economist article today-wakeup call for western multinationals. Emerging market multinationals are catching up, and they're good!
just doing my self-appointed job
"Education would be much more effective if its purpose was to ensure that by the time they leave school every boy and girl should know how m
I'm not feelin' today ...
what are some good movies to watch??????
Heart Attack - Trey Songz.
Driving home from the Y... Lucy says, 'can we hear Daddy's song?'. It's ok to have favorites, right? www.noisetrade.com/danclark
Date night with my 4 fav boys!!
I'm not single. I'm just romantically challenged..
Happy Law Day! Three years ago today I learned I passed the Bar Exam.
During detoxing you should drink at least 2 quarts of water daily.
(c) I'll try to be on more please forgive me<3
I'm falling asleep in the car!
#JustPromiseMe u will always stay true to me
Thanks to #rbtl for bringing the team out to Scotland Yard Pub tonight. Appreciate the support.
The organizers were worried that Mothers Day and rain would keep the crowd away. Ha! They do not know my mama. SRO!
Jeff - we should have it back next week. We will let you know when it arrives
RT : Today in Dublin,1904; Mrs Purefoy goes into labor. She'll have a long four days until
My mom showed me The Civil Wars... SO PRETTY
Great presentation on FB content strategy at
duet for anachronistic #percussion; Sunday Times ripping folding crumbling hitting; glossy magazine turning pages; allow for generous rests
I love <3
lmao sorry Leland /:
,haha we need to plan a day to hangout and yay! :)
they say only the good die young. I truely believe that. try and keep your head up.
See, vegetarians are nuts. Those damn things would be everywhere if we didn't eat them!
Just had lunch with Working on some hot new outfits!! Love being creative and her ideas! <3
Sike!!! Everyone knows that I'm that nigga
If u are open to working w/me on a side project to make extra cash completely outside of showbiz plz DM me asap.
extremely productive today even without my little helper. maybe there is something behind this eating breakfast thing.....
A woman is like a tea bag. She only knows her strength when put in hot water.
I'm ready for school to be over, too much work
OMG this dude got a quad MOAB, didnt spawn trap, and won the match in 6v6 Dom! What a beast!
I'm going to marry a white guy one day just so my Save the Dates can say, "Love tripped on an Oriental rug by a happy Occident."
For God so loved the world, that He gave His one and only son, that whoever believe in Him will be saved and have everlasting life. -Joh ...
Ahh yes, the classic childs song, Puff the magic dragon.
Hey everyone, Jared here! I wanted to let everyone know that I have 3 tickets for sale for the Warped Tour Kickoff Party in LA tonight!
Any chance you put the mktclt Prezi online somewhere for me to show some folk internally?
HAPPY B DAY TO ME LOL BLOWIN MONEY LIKE A CANDLE BLOW!!!!
You should seriously check out Rugby World Cup 2012. The demo makes me want to get the game.
Those late night cry sessions where you just let it all out.
Josh and I are so excited to do the cover and interview with you guys! Can't wait till next month xx
I hear One Direction every time I get in the car, and the more I hear it, the more I love it and more I hate myself.
Very!! Wrote this a.m. like a girl on fire.
I just tweeted about this. Haha too good.
HAHAHAHA RT LADIES, for the record, enjoying sex does not make you a whore. Enjoying facebook makes you a whore.
let every boundary be an opportunity to cross over to the next big thing - 19,000 tweets - yessirree!
The World lost Whitney but kept Bobby's ass....
I want (NEED) some starbucks coffee right now! Smh I just wanna do something...different today...
dear lord i'm still so fucking excited for the devils
Afraid to hand out tickets to the gun show ;) RT : What's with the jacket....aren't you hot?
Good morning. What size? (Smile)
RT - The Miami dolphins #TheyNeedToBringBack a miracle + dan marino
Gearing up for another round of intense rehearsals tonight. Let's kick this Monday where it counts, shall we? :)
#elprofe316 Are you going to be tweeting #SOTU?
I haven't tweeted anything clever lately 😒
Can't wait to watch on punk'ed tonight at 10:00 pm. Especially because it's my birthday :)
Justin Bieber admitted to drinking beer.
i want to take your writing workshop! this summer?
just casually perusing in preparations for travel in central mexico...
Hope everyone had a Merry Christmas. Rest up for those New Years festivities!!
Talk takes an unexpected turn toward Alan Berkman's denial of care for lymphoma while incarcerated.
...wearing a dress YOU design for me!
are you still recording records
Job description for Sr. UX Designer that says "writing production ready HTML/CSS/JS" more than anything about design or UX…just hire a dev
My sport tweet of the day - ESPN really, really sucks!!!
BrioWave Technology Approved for Financing Under California&#39;s PACE Program
OPEN for Labor Day Monday 8am-4pm
#Trivia What year did U.S. Cellular Field open?
Totally agree. Unfortunately, I know plenty who won't watch this #SoTU "On principle." Not sure what principle that is, really...
If u want to know anything or everything about Colorado Springs, #FF ! Funny and smart, too. :)
I can take you higher
The average person falls asleep in just seven minutes. Think of all those poor sheep that are not being counted!
Good thing its a team sport & not 1 on 5 RT Gasol and Bynum are the reason why The Lakers have a chance against OKC, not Kobe
Rocking with my new beats (headphones)
Change of plans guess I'm heading to memphis I get to see my mommy after all today :))))
The girl that ran on the floor of the Nuggets game last night lived four doors down from me in the CU dorms. Yes, true story.
You can say that again ... and while you're at it, I'll have another.
aye bro where'd you go? I didn't see you 6th.
Britney Is Our Criminal..let's keep her up there army!
It's funny how a melody sounds like a memory.
When you replay my life, take a shot each time I say something is cool, but don't actually mean in.
In the third paragraph he discusses his views on Christianity. You should recognize a very significant quote of his in there as well
what's wrong?
whats the best combo for linking s media apps 2 maximize exposure
Why are there so many blonde jokes? Becuase thats what red heads and brunnets do over their weekends while the blondes are out having fun xP
#Cowboys are getting
no tour right now! we are working on all new stuff and hopefully touring soon after :)
"Just Saying!" If it is important enough for you to say something...then you need to be "Just Doing!" Stop dumping on others!
I think u have one of the best styling for your shows!
Yo doo is my song good enough for you to officially produce it?
The family is changing not disappearing. We have to broaden our understanding of it, look for the new metaphors.
here comes Mr. Peer Pressure
yes sir especially if its worth my time
I bet you do.
After today will be Thanksgiving Break! Have a good one, IUPUI students. You've earned it!
i love dueces
Rebecca black and Miley Cyrus would be fun to get baked with.
#Wewantromo we do we do we do-oo
If you can't get someone out of your mind, maybe they are supposed to be there
A rising tide lifts all boats.
if by crazy, you mean brilliant I agree!
Friday night at the gym. Such an exciting life i live.
No scoopers. It's self-serve. Does that count?
Not cool, not cool at all
does any body else notice that a <3 looks like a ball sack
how old r u nigga
A torn jacket is soon mended; but hard words bruise the heart of a child.-- Longfellow
estoy aburridaa !:((( someone plz save me frm this near death experience of boredum mention me !
Clearly deserving to be cuffed. #barneyfife MT : Montee Ball was cited $428 for being on a porch in presence of alcohol.
how was the episode? I can't wait to see it
I have literally seen every single minute of Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball GT ever made...episodes, movies, fillers, and OVA's
So the boy I like my cuzon likes 0.o o noo :( I have to let him go!
.... i feel like i typed my feelings out on that picture of you for no reasons /////wrists
I know. But at least I only need to redo one portion lol
By outfitting Kemba Walker with jersey No. 1 and Biyombo with No. 0, the Bobcats are re-launching around a simple binary code via
Free Viet Khang and all Vietnamese activist who are imprisoned! We demand human rights, freedom, and for their safe returns back home!
"A Savage Affair" is now on until 7 PM!
Ron Rash and make North Carolina almost as scary as the news presents it.
Congrats to Excited about his future as a leader for the
It's a fair question. The tight clothes didn't make us gay married or anything.
Pay it forward. You got a degree, now help someone else attain theirs.
#15peopleilove He's the most amazing friend you could ask for! He's so sweet and caring to thanks for being and awesome friend!
Having one of those days where everyone I see I think I know. Ew.
Myers' RBI double puts the Cajuns on the board first for a 1-0 lead.
#FF client and friend amazing food there!
shows the critical failure of corporate conscience in this country, root of the OWS effort. Sad, very very sad..
RT : Just talked to Brock. He's pumped. Seems like a good dude.
good for you :)
Seriously some people are so cold hearted!
What took you so long?
Thank you!
don't worry, I do that all the time.
"oh shit this is awkward" *hopping away* ahahaahh
#pcpgh6 anyone know of a good setup to record skype phone cals from laptop for phone interviews?
how could we have been so blind?!
If the product or service you sell is not good enough for you're friends and family then why are you selling it. Zig Zigler
WTF is wrong with people these days
I really really really want donuts with some nice cold milk.
I can sorta of draw when I actually put my mind to it!
I bet you are doey!! we will get some in October!
Engauge Hires Tony Sharpe and Pat Harris into Senior Creative Leadership Roles - MarketWatch (press release)
Still trying to figure that out, but Plato's will be packed
you bet!! We will definitely meet up!!
The song "Lay Lady Lay" is just awful.
FNBJSMGXQIF - how you describe love when love is indescribable.
never give up? I don't even know that spice girls song. Goodbye My Friend wld be mine. But we're talking about Madonna
JTrek Daily Tip: When walking to your vehicle, have your car keys in hand, before walking across the parking lot.
It's...it's possible that no matter how awesome the name I coined for it--Jar Jar Drinks--it was still a bad idea.
ATL's been rained out since Saturday with no end n site. Overcast right now. More rain on it's way.
Quotes of #MauriceSendak's from interviews
That's impressive. Where can I find your mystery series?
nurse joy, chef joy, merch girl joy, nigga joy, but no mama joy. okay... okay...
On my way to school its super cold outside!!!!
Waiting to turn myself into a workaholic
Good times 4sure RT : Flashbacks of good times in PR. Shoutout to , , ,
my mom telling me i could go to hoot fest in july! you better be there! #psanderettememories!
So i woke, stretched, went back to sleep, woke up again, and i still feel tired.
Darlington Nagbe is a BEAST!
Hello Ottawa!!! #TwSIG "Twitter unites the World"
Awesome!! So excited they'll be there, I've never seen them.
I told someone just this week you can show up at the airport with an empty carry-on and buy whatever you need to go anywhere
i only see your retweets too...until this tweet.
double checking a gig date that is two weeks away, we each had it written down for a different date. hm
4th period locker room talks >>>
I would but I have a feeling my penis would turn black and drop off if it came close to your foul reproductive organs.
maybe, maybe not
Still confused on why this happened.
My sister is baking cookies for "homework". Louisville girls catholic high schools...
stuntin dont even sum it up. I feel like i have put in too much work to still be going thru changes wit these ni99as
we love you too! Great job!!
You seen the doc?
Happy Record Store Day
We are your Auto Glass Experts in the Milwaukee area. Call for quotes, advice or appointments. 414-409-7263
It's thundering hxc... atleast will be in my bed with me tonight.
I went to VS today & blew money on yogas and a crop top. Why? Bc I have a money spending problem.
tip for a bit of success is live a little and take risks
Just started following ... wow, great posts!!!
"you calling my bluff?" "no. I'm calling you beautiful"
Wine and a day of deep cleaning the apt...
HEY EVA.. I AM DOING TWO.. GLAMOUR GIRLS & INTERNATIONAL FRESH FACES. GG IS THIS COMING WEEKEND & THE OTHER ONE IFF IS IN APRIL
I swear #jimcaveizel channels #clinteastwood in #personofinterest - main reason I watch.
Quick question, do you think Mitch would have been on Twitter if he was still alive?
so you're the bitch that told the bitch that i'm a bitch.Well listen bitch it takes a bitch to know a bitch bitch
Jons always kicking his symbols, and he broke the snair drum stand yesterday, ya were really working hard for this show saterday!
It means like rock out. Lol.
Ah shit was straight singing my ass off in the Taco Bell drive thru while they had me holding.
althought I love that all your tweets for have been to me haha
Want to talk to a current American U. student during the admissions process? Tweet a question at us and we will tweet back!
I wont a down nigga a true hearted grounded nigga I don't what a fake in your face cause I don't trust you nigga
What's gotten into the Seahawks? This is amazing!!!
what is wrong with blondie? what is she blabbling... #Growth coming on
Such confidence and style on stage. Great job!
A composer is a guy who goes around forcing his will on unsuspecting air molecules, often with the assistance of unsuspecting musicians.
love ya bromandude!
I've got now I don't care about next -Jay-Z
One these days theses niggas will see tht i dnt give a damn no more all i need is a bottle and tht paper feel me.
wow, that is disappointing! We need to keep these one of a kind places around!
Wow! Thx for the cool shout out!
can you bring your charger to work pleasee.?
i get shot
maybe we can check their other sites, fb or something.
Writing, writing and writing some more.
I hate when people pronounce my last name wrong
I apologize for the spam everyone received. I WAS HACKED. Let me know if you recieve any crap about many a ton of money in a day. Thanks.
Got it. Not jealous. Go Pack!“: I'm not actually there! It's a worldwide check in! You can too! I'm in Drew's basement...”
It is so good!
Ah, but it was (I saw a mosquito, too!). Ticks as well. Blech!
I'm here if ya'll need me. No bribes required.
2011.10.01 First bad omen / tap beer now costs 8.50 / lame souvenir cup
I can only throw building blocks at my subconscious by living an interesting life; I cannot write the story of my dreams.
anything that has John "Uncle Jesse" Stamos getting headbutted is #1 in my book
nice background, sir. lol
Tell me, baby is it yes or no.
I have Tuesday off who wants to hang out
it is impssible!
on resisting the instrumentalization of the university.
Looks like Phil was the one blowing up today...and Rory is still playing like a boss.
Thank you Brian...
Food then work in an hour...
God please protect me from bitch ass niggaz... Bitch ass bitchez too. - P.Diddy
: I agree about Nirvana. As far as Bowie goes, it's "Life On Mars" all day long for me. Love. (also: the Labyrinth, b/c I can.)
1 ply sucks.
Urgent: Congress is rushing to deregulate Wall Street—pushing a cynically named “JOBS Act.” This bill could pass as early as Monday.
We're more in love with you RT : in love with :')
It's over for the loins!!
So who has picked up "Icon Of Resolution" on RockBand so far?
hey! you're living in a minority speaking country now. say it right!
Please Understand This isn't just goodbye this is can't stand you this is where the road crashed into the ocean and rises all arround me
LMAO "The ringleader pulled a live crab out of his pocket and threw it at the cashier"
A. Identification. Scope of Project. A payment plan.
": is this a regular holiday ritual? Lol
You have a business line or email...? My name is Carolynn Le
I love tweeting about my bathroom experiences.
Taylor may not be around , but she lost the moon while countin the stars ;D
#uppers Right. We are viewing them through Amer-centric eyes. Or, Betty Davis eyes..........I'm not sure.
Someone is on an Arrested Development kick
Blitzkreig in the schwarpunckt of the zeitgeist. Lollypops sunshine smilies and butterflies. nonsense blah hate twitter
I actually am not as bad anymore. #AdeptMagic helps my life out a lot. #FireballForTheWin!!!!!
We also ask that you share ANYTHING YOU MADE !!! just submit the pictures or send through dm with a message !! <33
whatre u doing in Phoenix #OpeningDay is in #LA! ;) Hola backatcha RT : Greetings to from your fan in
I like facebook for the groups
Go Thunder!!
U did it we live it !
After this week, no more microbiology ever again! Not listening to anymore academic counselors. "Oh this class is relatively easy." MY ASS!
Isn't that always the way? I hate it when that happens.
I don't think you should...
That was in the late 90's. I was shocked. Couldn't believe it. We tried to help the dude, but he died. It was fucked up.
Thank You Very Very Much =) I Appreciate That A Lot =) Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! :)
Justin: "Shes Beautiful." Ryan: "She has pretty eyes." Chaz: "She has a nice smile." Justin: "& shes reading this now."
Sorry. Tara Kelly. See, I was excited to cite A.S. King.
Man my heart hurts.
is squirrel a majestic beast?
I feel lonely. I wish I could just go home and go back to the way things once were. :-(
Tenacious Cleaning & Admin Services: "Where we Sanitize and Organize your Home and Business with Integrity"
You simply cannot be bored in this city! ;)
So we're off to Portland, Oregon tomorrow for our screening, any tips for what to see & where to go?
Today, I watched Child's Play (movie 1), went for a swim and now a the Library thinking more about candy than my studies.
I know! He is so grown up and mature. And so sexy haha
I love you! Thats all...xD
fine example of those that wouldn't see Irene coming directly at them...
I love iPods. Now I have emoji and everyone else can't see it. Unless they have an iPhone or iPod 😄❤🎶💤🔥✌🐨<---- koahla bears are awesome
Wait. People are making threats against Blake and his wife because his missed a 3 at the end of the Lakers game?
its my birthday in 3 minutes!!!
Eat Pray Love
Omg stfu you know nothing kid
The applications are rolling in! We're thrilled to have each & every one! Special thanks to for hustlin' today! LURVE YOU!
for a little while still. come on over!
Kudos to everyone who helped Lotties Lounge raise $300 and 300 pounds of food for the Rainier Valley Food Bank!
I would say yes, as it shows a kind of approval of them. But I'm not one to speak for my wifey.
has some dope ass tweets lol
gotta thank god once again for wakeing me and still keeping me
another great W!! Love the atmosphere. Can i get a pic between games.
The more I'm finding out the more disgusted I get -.-
Sounds promising....
Why force something u know it's not meant to be
RT : In AZ we must now all ask ourselves, "What would a wise Latina do?" #ocra #tcot> go south as fast as possible!
I still got them winning game 7. But it won't be easy.
just read your book! Loved it! So uplifting and encouraging just at a time when I'm bogged down worrying about test scores..
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead can I name followers I have that I know have given head, cause damn.. I got a few.. Smh.
Line dance event will benefit Drew Michael Taylor Foundation - Chambersburg Public Opinion
Joe Frazier has left the ring. :(
Somebody at Facebook is getting fired.
"We are the fetus of our higher consciousness." Jean Houston at the
sorry to hear Pepper moved away
"How about be clear?" ~The Universe Loves Specificity!~
Cher to Wisconsin - "Snap out of it!"
I want to meet you!!! Come back to Austin!
I like the whole show - tremendous
Nasty stuff going on with Blockbuster stock.
Yaay! Tomorrow is friday! (:
I don't know any Riot Grrrl organizations or bands in Latin America but I do in South America.
People love 2 see me miserable.
we jus sent you an email we look forward to chatting with your team
that's a GREAT epic night!
Hi. :-) Thanks for following.
Tweeting a lot today. Sorry tweeps, I'm at the
Adding some sweet lil New 2012 Designer Skin lotions today!
Egyptian women used to use henna to lighten their hair.
I'm a bad instagrammer. Not my fault there hasn't been anything worth snapping in a min.
Eric Dawalt jr, I love you child! I don't ignore you I say hi ALL the time!! :o we need to hangout sometime because I miss you!
small business ideas here
make a wish babe(:
we like experienced teachers!
Yeah I'm no angel, I'm just me But I will love you endlessly Wings aren't what you need, You need me
What's that? Oh, you know...just a screen door.
In need of a back rub...
“: #2omf have the same twitter name” lol really?!
that's when I think the weirdest stuff
Just finished washing the dirt out my scrapes. Despite this snafu, still sad to say
double. dogg. dare u. D O Double G
you should follow and look him up on YouTube and he sings BOYFRIEND by his name is Dylan Hyde!!
I wanna o go-kartin
I had Somebody tell me I fall off ohh I needed that!
Appreciate it!
Why didn't they use #GEWorks as the hashtag instead of #Whatworks?
Lol yes, really!! How am I supposed to know? I've never been to a game..I've never even seen one on TV lol
So true!! RT : The two best ways to get to a #Cancer's heart are great food and good jokes.
Advice of Day: Don't get discouraged because of the next persons opinions, Live your life by YOUR standards , not society's!
We (javelins) have continued making progress, on our fuzzed-out pop song. only 10 more to go.!!! here's to 2010
#churchfolk do not make any sense at All! Their actions always always contradict their words!
The matter of our love blooms more then ever before.
If I don't see you tomorrow, have an awesome Mother's Day!!! You deserve it!!! And your mom too!!
just Shapses Hananel and Orell , on the beach right now, house is amazing. Still time to come!
pray Hun u gone b ok
This image is 28,800 pixels wide. No big deal. O.o
Hm... you like it? I was thinking you as a iPad man.
There is only one pretty child in the world. And every mother has it. - Chinese Proverb
back to the office whirlwind after #dusaconf. pretending i am sitting in stillness with pico in rural japan. it's nice here....
Thank you to Sylvester Middle School and Heidi Gleb for having me speak yesterday. I had a great time!
Hey todays hot deal we have Red or Green chile cheese dog fries and a drink for 6.75 all day
Visited Citycenter. You know thank goodness for that place! Because if Vegas is short of anything.. It's casinos, hotels & pricey shops. ;O)
ha ha yu funny but I ain't hear my fone damn bitch calm dwn
Check out see Gods work through music
Today is #nationalrunningday...get out there and move those feet! :)
why strange? Eagles have no heart and can't finish. Let it go, bro. Why is media so fascinated w/ Philly.
spam subject: 'order vulcanizing equipment for the one you love.' this will remain one of my life's lesser mysteries.
haha... Same thing happened to me when I installed that app.
Love my Ipad. The newest update allows folders! Finally!
fact r facts. Carrie rocks
doing well. I am home with family and friends right now, which is absolutely amazing.
I'm sure MLK would disagree with you.
Lol, don't trip my dude!
My boyfriend cheated on me....when? Valentines Day!
Working on presentation for classification workshop at
i love you to austin keep going when push comes to shove!! :))
RT : Empower your employees to do what it takes to make ppl happy
Next time someone suggests indoor skydiving, run don't walk! - the ringleader, -the catalyst, - the natural
Time to get back to my characters' roots... Dead Rising time!
RT : I will be up for the next couple of hrs only to nap for a couple of hours and wake up early for a project... >>
is being laughed at by an anole who has been watching her try to start this pressure washer. he is an asshole anole.
and don't worry, i have an extra fixie & a 90s style thermal, so we can ride after the event. well listen to The Thermals too.
Eating Chinese...thought of U ~ 2012 will be an #EPIC year!
work with me you say??? Careful what you wish for...lol.
Looks like weather fit for a duck at Yankee Stadium. Seagulls taking over the Wrigley outfield.
Well-put. And as long as people believe the "Every game matters" lie, it's not going anywhere.
When #oomf calls me baby >>>
WE SAW PATRICK KANES PARENTS !!!!
Wow - it's been a while away from the virtual party 'cuz I've been so busy with real loves of music and artist lady. Lucky me & best wishes!
you too :)
perhaps one day! Didn't get to try it out though
follow me please! i love you!!! <3
OR AG Kroger tells that agencies should face mandatory deadline to release records.
RT : People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.
#BellaandEdward are across the table from us!!!
Just heard at #WHSummit #Columbus- The US spends more to mow grass along highways than on public transportation.
Have you seen the "good girl gone Badger" shirt yet?
Do you talk w the tapeworm you got in a foreign country, too?
Awesome, thanks :)
I'm still drowning... Drowning in your love..
all you had no jam
You can never have too many Thug Life tattoos.
no come here :)
Live streaming the new york city st.patricks day parade! My sister is marching!!
oh wow, really? Awesome! :D
Magic tied 1 -1 with the Pacers
Twitter is my blocker today.
Yo mama's so stupid that she burned down the house with a CD burner.
This makes me miss my Uncle so fucking much, I already know he'd be here with us right now.  Why did you have to go and leave me...
I couldn't be more happier with how things are going right now.
Thanks Nancy! Hope you are well!
I am! Ready for everyone to join in tomorrow. :-)
RT : If Tim hudak is so concerned about the economy, why is he going to cap minimum wage and stop CTB?
Thanks Louise - fingers crossed for a big shout out this weekend at least. Watch this space.......
Have you found any interesting images?
Hi Holli! How's Emily doing? I know she was really close with Hayley as well. I've been praying for all of you.
Just be happy
very good analogy, in deed.
wait why scream?
The poorest man is not without a cent, but without a dream. -Unknown Author
": When life brings you on your knees, you're in a perfect position to pray. ♥"
another morning at Zanzibar Brews finishing a categorical grammar final. Then computational linguistics...and finally Winter break freedom!
Every things good till it goes bad, and you gon tell all the people about the fun you used to have.
Cant wait for towin im gonna be jumping up and down and probs crying happy tears
hey just said UK will lose in the SEC tourney.
I can't remember how I can't remember why I'm lying here and i cant stand the pain
Ya'll bro it out or what?
The sun is so nice after a storm
Bad call ref
Happy monday:) but school again-.-
Idk what I'm watching but there's so many hot white guys.. I think I'm drooling
Today, till noon, get your veggie groove on at the Farmers Market...
Now ,not sure WHY ya'll so willing 2 rush headlong 2 that particular mousetrap ,but the divorce lawyer association of America welcomes U !
I promise myself that everyday I will be creative in some way 😊
how did you get any work done?!
Cuz im a lesbian . But its okay :) RT : why the face? lol
Girl, u got me rolling! 😂RT : Two sad bitches Pau&amp;Kobe both on the bench together.
awwwe i feel so special bff love u 2
can i ever get a tweet from you?
Loading carbs, made some delicious garlicky tomato sauce and quinoa pasta for dinner.
Stop looking at the world to tell u what your voice should be... LOOK UP.
It doesn't say a lot for the world of music when 2 of the main stars in attendance at the World Music Awards are Paris Hilton & Peter Andre.
Wake up. Throw up. Feel better. Go back to bed. Repeat.
def not a nigga that cheated on his girl, got burnt, burnt her, and look dumb af #gtfoh bro
This morning I feel like I am understanding when ppl say "I think we should have another child"...
thanks for the #RT!
are you having okra with those ribs? I miss okra since I moved to the NE
I cant wait earn my insanity shirt... Gonna take before pics tomorrow
Also, sick during finals week. No freakin' thank you sir.
Rocking out in lunch to the moody's point theme song with pals (y)
Im going on Americas Goty Talent tomorrow!! What should I sing?? Tweet me!!
Free promotion? Get more for yourself at the site on my profile. You will thank me :) do you follow 4 follow?
great speech, thanks for the appreciation of Mo and his wife.
Went on a six mile run. In other news, I'm painfully out of shape.
preparing for the cult show!!!!! This Friday Cult-Baltimore will be presenting a fantastic event @ 11 w. chase st. gallery opens at 2.
100% of patients report their dentist does not perform blood pressure checks & blood screenings. Fight heart disease. www.closys.com
if SCOTUS overturns #HCR can the proceeds of your next book go to covering those of us who got insurance then lost it again.
ehhhh... Ok i guess. I just hope my scores are good
Yippee!!! “: So, Ray Allen will play tonight. Glad my sources came through for me. Enjoy the game tonight. #Celtics #Hawks”
Defying all sorts of logic, reason, and common sense, I still appreciate Valentine's Day.
Imma get noticed my just watch .... (:
thanks for rt
Yesterday, I survived the 1st day of 5th grade and today I tackled the 6th with success! So happy to teach my students both old and new!
one problem is narrow defintions of #pubarch some think its only CRM or teaching kids
At the book signing! :D
Gee, I wonder why Romney issued a statement today of all days - and only after POTUS remarks
Has anyone ever heard on yogurt called " YoCrunch "?
Have now eaten four sloppy joes today.
Who's goin to river riot?
T. Mills is playing in fort Wayne tonight and I'm not going. Fml.
Do for one what you wish you could do for everyone -Andy Stanley
I have Blues, and rednose pits for sale. they have their shots ans papers ready 2 go. Rita 404.454.1494
:) I just did a WOLVES IN THE WALLS adaptation. It's been a Gaiman summer.
Coe Hall will be open on July 4. Enjoy the museum and park on our nation's birthday!
If you donated, grab your shirt from the 1st floor registration desks before going upstairs for lunch! Shirts for all after lunch. =)
You obviously just never met the right gay boy. I love all of this! I basically want 's job.
I'm curious to see what you think about our offerings. :) Please let me know.
Awesome, thanks! My goal is to blog more... so that's one way to motivate me to do so! :)
Wow. A guy threw his 7 year old son in the ocean?! What is wrong with people these days? Its sick.
All I want for Christmas is for #SJDK to come back to DC. hint hint.
i thought all of the iconic boyz were gonna use the same account...
HighGlitzLounge is searching for current title holders to interview for their fabulous blog. Email for details
Reading the conversations re lecture and immediacy in classroom Two English comp infolit classes today=good practice.
thanks for the follow! looking forward to #leesburg info. i have a potential story for the magazine. who should i contact?
the lights on Cinderella's castle
Summer camps right around corner. Boys HS Team Camp is full for this weekend but others have openings. www.transycamps.com
Do we really have to listen to these jokers? Give me a break.
good look Fam
“: Fireworks! May I ask why?” Because why the fux not?!
iight, I'm in that bitch.
-- waiting for my 'non compete' to expire! Start anchoring KOIN's 4pm news next month
Perfect planning! RT : Spending the day relaxing at Tudor Place in georgetown and at the monuments
I'll whoop ya Sunday. Look 4 me. Ultimate Warrior. sec 150 Rw 9. I play rough!
Had an amazing day with ms gabby schlife and ms Paige ward can't wait to party all weekend long : ) 6 weeks left til I move : )
not if you get the security guard to drive you around in the golf cart.
Count down until off work. Had a deep tissue massage last night so I'm ready to go kill back and Bi's
Austin LOVES Italian food! RT if you do too. (:
GOOD MORNING! Make it a GREAT day!!!!
Haha, listening to you guys while chillin in computer animation class!
If you not on my level please stay out my way
I'm so there tom morn! : is doing free tune-ups at Alterra on 1st all week long; 7-9am; free coffee & food!
Matt Chandler's sermons on Ecclesiastes were solid and helpful and worth looking into.
Just finished the Pinterest challenge.
Did you make another profile?
That is so awesome to hear!! I'm excited for you and keep positive ALWAYS!!! :D I'm believing for you as well!!:))
RT - The player rep for free agent QB David Garrard said Wednesday that his client is not signing with
it is of­ten in un­ed­ited mo­ments, mo­ments in which we hes­i­tate and stut­ter and go si­lent, that we re­veal our­selves to one an­other
Hearing KFMA Day lineup makes me cry inside
do they ACTUALLY have one direction cups at milkshake city?
Analyzing &amp; Accounting for Search Partners
MY DOG ATE A FREAKIN SQUIRREL OMG EW.
I can't with you lol
Ocean Acidification... in a nutshell
Layin down some vocals in the studio then off to write with Keith Burns
I love you baby :)
did you enjoy it last night?
you tell 'em!
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn When she is texting him when she is with you.
#IfWeedWereLegal i would be legal
I return in a couple days for like a month so we will be raising hell a lot! And let's take a trip to see :D
Books on learning/change: Switch by Heath Brothers, Change or Die by Deutschman, Influence by Cialdini
LOVE that song.
That sounds like a good time all the way around...
That show is the worst, even Maggie Smith's hammy Edith Evans impressions can't maket watchable
can you say Richard? And by Richard I of course mean Dick.
Come to bdubs!!
he barely acknowledged me told me ty didnt sell that item and turned his back to me. No customer service skills at all!
Prom and teens tanning not a good mix. As bad as exposure to mustard gas cigarettes and arsenic. Tanning beds huge cancer risk
Love that phrase!
": Over 3k followers.nice. playing star fox on Nintendo 64 who remember that" awesome game played that too much haha
Yeah and fever and my throat hurted. my throat still hurts though. xD
Have you given much thought to what kind of job you want after you retire?
When it take 4 minutes to get up 3 floors in an elevator you know it's bad
Umm so would Kerry Wood, Mark Prior and Edison Volquez. Dusty fried all their arms
my bad lol I felt bad for him
#BoilerUp for Purdue Baseball RT : Boilers up to No. 19 in Top 25 & up to No. 22 in Collegiate Baseball.
Shoutout to the beliebers who have been a belieber from the start but haven't seen Justin in person yet. I'M WITH YOU.
Yes!!!!! Hahaha we need to drink soon!
For a showcase. Here less than 24 hours.
& how did it get this way? My philosophy: if one book=good, 27 = better! + the Kindle is a total enabler. No tough love there.
Preds game! Hoping they don't play like shit again... #ComeOnPreds :)
Sneak Peak at our NY eve specials at George's Chop House - Bone-in Ribeye, Lobster Dinner, Tenderloin and Lobster.... M!
thanks for the follow! We're in an awesome industry. #Crowdfunding is the way to go! :)
lookin' mighty spiffy today!!
We didn't create Ptales to encourages kids to read. We created it so kids could get more out of books. We assume kids want to read.
HA! HA! You're right! Who needs #twittermovie script when you got =D
happy birthday babe:)
"I imagine you're extremely pleasant to mount."
Audrey Hillyer is on the struggle bus today haha
My episode of General Hospital airs the 16th @ 2pm on ABC // 10pm on the Soap Net !!
...visit their booth at the #Big10Expo to find out more from MAJ Christopher Dalrymple.
The text just sent me >>>>>>>> lmfaooooo
is that funny?? Lol
all my blunts look pre-rolled
Just watched #GodistheBiggerElvis. Amazing documentary about starlet who became Prioress! #WhatSistersMeantoMe #HBO Watch it!
Wishing everyone a L'Shanah Tova!
Thanks, Clifford the Big Red Cornell Dog
The downside of the "fall back" -- 11:46p and I'm still up.
I could have told you billy crystal doesn't have enough jokes
Dis lady jus amitted she was cheating da whole time even when she brought him on da MAURY show fo cheating #WatchEm' women be
might have messed up ... but remember everyone makes mistakes...but atleast they kept it going.
follow back?
Am I the only one working today besides people at the grocery stores?
“: I made it to work.. #wow” I'm speechless lol
lol.. I think we all wish that no?
What about private money, which is dontated to LAUSD for Social Media Position and not to classroom?Analysis too simplistic!
no sightings no update yet
I have often wondered why it seems to be such a bad thing to tell someone that you're interested in them....
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing
Or plans to open any restaurants in the south, like DALLAS? Dallas LOVES you Tyler! ♥
My post office closes at 5, not 4!!
Check out the Denver Daily deal! W.denverdailydeals.com
Same to you!
MT : While cranking Aerosmith's #LivingOnTheEdge RT #Blago back in volvo & going to prison...we think.
Hunger Games has finally been ousted from the top of the box office, with Think Like A Man at no. 1 last opening weekend....
Happy Birthday, Mark Martin!!! (:
Best tip for SM: Be Human! “: Go Justyn! RT : Up next is Justyn Howard, #SocialMediaContest4SmallBiz”
Maybe Kobe Bryant can relax a bit in Vail after this loss. Oh wait.
RT : Always healthy tension between academically rigorous research and community based research? At odds?
Excited for the show. Been a good week for Pittsburgh live music with St. Vincent/Shearwater and now you &
"Hasta en el infierno hay más diablos" (Even in hell, there's too many devils)
Unless the favorites are clanking also!!
nice picture! Is it great being away from it all for a while?
What? That's crazy!
"Yeah i'm in shape.......shape of a sphere!"
now the lambada I remember lol
so he sent pat summit?
this ducky was being a bad boy!
Taking 3 Drugs At 1 Time, Ducking 1 Time, Can You Niggas Stop Hating On Bug$y For 1 Time
can't sleep. gonna watch "dog eat dog" on #netflix. nite <3
They judge me before they even know me. That's why I'm better off alone sometimes. –Shrek♥
I can see it but I don't dare give directions. It's on a main street, don't recall name. Locals would know it for sure
Hello to you as well! Glad we found you.
Get lost and get right with my soul.
Back is on the mend. That's the last time I accept free tix to SPIDER-MAN: TURN OFF THE DARK.
Are you sticking around for the Public Digital Humanities Roundtable at McGill on Monday? is speaking
I love you too.
yeah I hear you on that ..be so awesome to see him!
Man I'm so sick I got ambulances pulling me over and shit
when i waz finally able to breath sense my brother waz chancing me all over i saw tori and andre tasting/liking their hands weird lolz :)
Eh maybe I try too hard lol. Sure if you can. Don't really know actually cuz I'm not sure what I want.
True. But it's the Giants' only trip to NYC this year, so I'm bummed to have caught only one game. Food is a consolation, tho!
It's days like this that make me wish I could work all the time .
Major props to and for spreading the word about us!
#sun7 sharia law -if he & his followers hate our country & the way we do things so much, then why dont they all move back 2 the middle east?
Anyone using eBackPack? Working well for you?
#codeacross Bonnie Dumanis, San Diego DA in Viz Center ---candidate 4 Mayor, promoting open-source software, savings, accountability, future
y no tienes que ir a tijuana!
Happy bday to ya!
Imy..... Where have you been all my life?
appreciate and enjoy
I think he compares to a less heavy Ahmad Bradshaw. Thoughts?
that's why I went there lol
glad you got on!
I find it fascinating that most folks plan their vacations with far better care than they do their lives.
I agree with ; maybe 15%....if we are lucky.
I can't wait to see Gangster Squad.
"It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction." ~Picasso #quote Do you love your work?
I wonder if #oomf ever keeps a straight face in any pic... Or at least a smile..
Call 513.621.ARTS to purchase tickets for Friday May 18th concert with Kirk Franklin.
We meet again - I am #nowfollowing you on
Dexter rerun is almost on! Sweet jesus
"You just got punk'd Bitch!" - Miley Cyrus LOL Miley! I love you even more!
get a hold of this kid jutz
Almost done with work. I'm so tired.
& - Thanks for the RT!
i dont have a phone.
RT : Why don't WI Gov. Walker & State Senators/Reps cut their own generous pensions/healthcare. Better than what teachers get.
Above all else, guard your heart, for it is the wellspring of life. - Solomon
RT : Monday Office Talk: recap of the absolutely amazing #cincodemayo Mexican feast by and the kick ass team of...
Some one needs to man up and stop crying about getting hurt
Im done with this
Can't believe I ever thought you were ok...
best team to follow
#whenifirstmet he wanted to buy my jersey number from me...still remember that one #44 is mine Pepco
Fire at the dance studio
: For law enforcement & consumer protection, T Ridge & L Freeh back online #poker licensing. The #PayrollTax Cmte should too!
You're almost as tall as his hat!
"tight jeans, DD"s, making me go WOO OHH"
The things me and do
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure. - Confucius
Fat thumb syndrome -- design mobile sites differently, include space, no flash, easy to read, don't make the user zoom says
Hopefully nobody jumps the shark during the book!
If u need info from cleveland clerk courts dont call it take less time 2 drive down in person & wait in line bring food water
Brad Gilderman, Jamie Muhoberac???? Stop all this psychic madness!
time fly's when you're avoiding homework :)
I am officially out of hazelnut creamer. Coffee-drinking cannot and will not resume until a trip to Trader Joe's.
Thinking about the question i got asked yesterday
World Football - Top Portuguese team plays with eight men
DiamondRock Hospitality Company Beats First Quarter 2012 Guidance And Raises 2012 Outlook
im excited for her to come to QU!!
95% of jobs lost were of women jobs ... that can't be true ... killer man ... silent war on women is an under statment...
see you soon!
Just talked to HIlton and they are tier matching me as a dimond member for 2012. Take that Hyatt
I wanna visit the "middle of nowhere", maybe life is better there
RT : Tweet #GetAmbushed by Friday 4 chance to win a tkt to our 10/22 fashion/art spectacular! www.ambushevents.com
I love it
Thanks so very much to , , , Minna from and guests! We had a lovely evening with you all.
lol, accidentally responded with my personal account, how's that for human touch ;-)
...i like badgers.
The life of a music fan comes full circle: Interveiwing WESTON today on XPN2!!!
Make sure that you install a tracking app on your phone BEFORE you need it!
MAY DAY MARCH IN SOUTHWEST HOUSTON AT 150 AND COUNTING..
It's awesome that they're making two top movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords picture at the same time.
holy crap that thunder just shook my house...#ThunderInFebruary?!
tell him to listen to his voicemail. I called him on Sunday
is she looking at a fortune here? Have you seen her stash?
so sorry girl!! This takes everything. But strong we gotta be. Are u waiting for transplant/
So, this fella can drive a racecar
As long as there are men, there will be war
Brandon Randolph put on a show for the Santa Clara asst.coach and his mom had the crowd rocking to nite as he goes for 30
Finally my turn to drive.
make babies
It is way too cold SoCal! I want it to be warmer :)
I've called hotline 2 hrs before game before (as I was leaving my house) and there was no roof update. Kind of hard to plan
Maybe a giant cup-o-coffee and a double-chololate-fudge-espresso cookie wasn't such a great idea. Watch out !
sebt this morning homie sorry for the delay!
She actually said she had to "whip the crack" instead "crack the whip" when it came to Lindsay working...
I can see why it is easy to remember...
will do!
I like having good days! :-)
Happy Friday thanks for the FB!
so glad I stumbled upon the show. Changed my perspective forever
Mazzi Maz follow me because I am awesome.... simple-but effective
Things are going pretty well; I got a scholarship to the NASIG conference, and the semester's almost over. Beatley misses you!
I disagree. “: Apple considered putting a real keyboard on the original iPhone. 📱📱📱 oh what a mistake that Would have been.”
agreed. You'd think all that techno know-how used for rides and shows could be applied to online dining reservations
Hm well I might do that then
#Lebron should be fined...throwing a shoulder on a guy sprinting is downright dirty. Doesn't he usually miss things in the 4th quarter?
Today is garbage plate day at the Newdigs office! Our only vegetarian, , wasn't here to protest.
Only an hour and 35 minutes till halo reach comes out! WE WILL BE RECORDING IT FOR EPISODE 4.5!!! :D
I've never seen people actually read the instructions on what to do of the plane is crashing. The people next to me are taking it seriously.
Samples and Drops are where the party is at! Check them out, up now, on #productionvault!
same to you rajjjo rani :)
text me
“jobanni vente a comer", “hay voy". You look dome when you do that!
Good point. I bet statistically there is no difference between either strategy.
What is your greatest challenge reaching customers?
who's this raul Martinez? He sent me the most disgusting pic I've ever seen lol
hey do u remember me? :)
RT - the indians get too play on national tv now we in there cleveland lol
"There Might Be Giants" More like "There Might Be Morons"
Debating about the "talent" of Channing Tatum at 1:30 in the morning instead of writing papers
Lots of them- but not that one..
fixed the follow thing.. What a bad bug.. I will give a look at the dates.. Thanks.. see you at beer thing?
A bird just flew into my window, can't breath.
Morning! We really need u please hurry & get home lol!
Just tried-doesn't work-removed on all versions RT : Try it, but according to Twitter it away because it takes the spirit of Twitter
IM SO PROUD I CANT WWAIT FOR YOUR ALBUM TO COME!!!!!!!:]
By the way...I'm #Floating s/o to
Educators must believe that all [students] can learn - principle #5 <<college admins and faculty must also remember this
Shout Out To , Go Follow Him Now :)
np! Thanks for the follow...or following back...or however it went...lol I'll look for you on fb!
got most of paperwork today calling tomorrow to schedule..I will let you know but it probably won't be while u r there:{
M can't wait.
Angel Cabrera just withdrew from the Player's Championship for "personal reasons". Which means it's happy hour at Hooters.
i know exactly what you mean :/
S/O to my new follower thanks for the follow sweetheart!!!!
This week's #FF goes to of Octagon. Great follow for sports and celebrity endorsement analysis.
Doing my older brothers homework should I make him get an D or a C!????? Bahahaha
RT Anyone need a website done contact !!!!
Welp that final didn't go to well...
Can it be tomorrow so I can leave for NJ?
have so much fun! I love that event.
Is it really that hard to be nice ;p
That new record playing on right now is a problem.
i picked ODU, but Butler's success is indirectly vindicating my bracket. Mostly by wrecking everyone else's...
Daft Punk and a cup of Coffee it gets me going
I'd just like to say.. You are fffiiinnneee!!! 
haha he jus walked up n here i wuz like ha wuz good..bang some big krit ha
Bout to upload some bids of me flowing on my tablet
Time to go back in!!! My shoot schedule is lining up!
not everybody's rich enough for HBO .. LOL!
Public lobbying via Twitter is fine, just not in the middle of a hearing.
Dissected owl pellets today... Kool.
love it when you kiss me. you intoxicate me. i barely can breathe i love it when you kiss me.
Good thing my friend brought his Charlotte Hornets windbreaker from 1998.
what up
#forreally RT : I love the ambitious people. Where my ladder climbers at?!
😉 Relationships are like glass. Sometimes its better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself puttin it back together
All of these rumors that have been started about Harry being bi, and now his mom tweets about it. Stop the rumors!
is getting married..... AHH
i eat pussy like a retarded kid in a ice cream factory..i love a crooked pink juicy koolaid smile..let me taste ur flava bay-bee!! ;p
New to this twitter thing.. just noticed this good lookx Fam ya site is Dope 2!
like that will ever happen i don't like getting involved in cooperate matters its not my scene but what can a guy do
