Sometimes people take drugs and need to explore/voice their opinions.
And 2 of those song choices come from the show, judge's and Jimmy's. If Jessica sings "The Prayer", it could be huge.
I'm Serious. Don't Ask Why I'm Following Her Now. lmaoo. Jp Jp
My thoughts exactly. RT : This day went by WAY too fast
double SNAP! I am hooked as well.... just in time for the season finale. LOL
do you model for teen vouge?
Bc if we didn't smile, the staff at #local6 would cry. ;)
Me too! Love they way they serve them in Greece, with a few french fries peeking out. Haven't been in a while. Good gyros?
RT : Noticed a pair of new cars at 30th and Mission today. Good to see more options for car-free folks on this...
at least the mainstream version of
if the question is do I have a man crush on Bryce Harper, the answer is undoubtedly YES
Looking to grow with 10 people to make 5 figures a month within a year's time. Call me now if you're serious 1-646-397-9817
A client is looking for logo designer: vintage, mid century modern/danish modern furniture, lighting & accessories. DM me if interested!
What are you uploading sir?
YOU GUYS DID AMAZING!! Btw I lost my dog and I spotted you guys walking it! I'LL FIND YOU ON FACEBOOK B&$CH
that was last night you loser
Wowee the Twins couldn't be struggling more. Yikes.
IM JUST GLAD THAT I HAVE HIM TO LEAN ON...HE IS SO HANDSOME.... #MWUAH !!!!!
Buffett's secretary - minus side she pays a higher % of taxes than him but on the plus side she got invited to SOTU.
Act your age, please.
Duck hunting with Moe, Larry and Curly! What a morning!
Took my old peeps to a casino today...lost $6, so I put myself in timeout at the bar
Drinking coffee out of my masonic mug and reading #walkingdead recap blogs....like a boss
Thanks for sharing that with us. Great to hear its given you #AudaciousFaith! Have a blessed weekend! ^staff
#EmoryDiSC Signing off to talk to students "face-to-face" or "human-interactive-technology-to-human-interactive-technology." Great chat!
You are tweeting so I am hoping you are well after the Huskie charge. That was quite the workout. Take care. cc:
Oh hey obvious indirect tweet, can I join you? Oh look, it's a party.
I'm so MAD AT YOU PEOPLE!!!! YOU DIDN'T TELL ME!!! And you're lying to everyone else.
When you stop chasing the right things you give the wrong things a chance to catch you 👌👌👊💢
nope all i know is how to count and buenos diance. and sea.
200 FANS!!!! I don't want to say I put too much weight in numbers but...
RT : New signees coming up for the Mavericks. Listen for details on The Happy Hour at 3 p.m. on sportsradiokc.com
so.. i need car insurance and i have no idea who's really the best to go to. any suggestions? ive talked to esurance and state farm
“: The #know12 audience breathes a sigh of relief and applauds as builds flight tracker app in 6 min”
Q: How does Bill Gates screw in a lightbulb? A: He doesn't. He declares darkness the industry standard.
it's so gross. Don't expectant any poolside shots this week :(
All of my best inspiration comes at 3 am.
u should be use 2 it lol
Is it wrong to ask a blonde haired white man to be john smith because I really want to be Pocahontas
Would like to thank my Illini for giving me one game worth watching this season. Not expecting much against Kansas.
Circa 33 is working on a new space & needs vintage old stitch/hardbound books. Bring 1 in and get a FREE BEER this weekend! 3348 SE Belmont
plEase follow me!!!
come out and buy African material, jewlery, household products @ our WEE Multicultural Showcase 7/30 9-1pm Creek Plaza
?... : The Idol judges always have such great writers. I mean, comments...
doctors with mom. /:
wait pick mention you or just subtweet?
Things happen for a reason, I hate that reason.
no, just 4 me well i created by myself
please listen to Wanted You More by Lady Antebellum. It'd be a great song to do..if we can. Haha
yo what size are you in nfl jerseys for swoosh discount
Feeling very confident about this week. Encourage someone today and spread that love.
twitteando with my friend's
The top three names for female babies born in China last year were Huan Jia and Ethel.
Mineral Pt. Road Pizza Hut lunch buffet. If you want a gut bomb.
cant believe its been two months lol
go for it.
Wait, you mean O'Brien's? I thought you were talking about the 453 project I am working on.
Thank you and Evergreen Community Church, amazing worship. Remember joy that pays the bills.
Q: What does an Xbox 360 and a penis have in common? A: Young boys can play with them all day long!
Today's guest? Ron Alvesteffer from SEI, who worked his way from manager to president of the company in 5 yrs. We can learn a lot from him!
Tic Toc. Hippidy Hop! Our Carrot Cake is the perfect cake that even the Easter Bunny will love.
Thanks Misha, Have A Diamond Day!!!
DT Milwaukee looks like a snow globe that was shaken.
Don't miss historian Terry Beckenbaugh's discussion of the Battle of Wilson's Creek on Aug. 11 at 6:30 Central Branch!
Do you have a Facebook?....Go like the Bleu Magazine Facebook Page!! RT &
come watch
To make me think it was me who was being the fake so clear
what's up
"I hate Austin mahomo" "I hate austin mahoney" ok. as long as you don't hate Austin Mahone.
kno what? bye! I'm going do some work.I need 2 break this addiction that I have with twitter. You all are my drug.and twitter is da supplier
In other countries Doctors, Lawyers and Teachers all have the same status. Somehow we've walked away from that in our country.
Anyway, It's kinda fun to try to catch up on old internet conversations. "Is Girls Funny?" was a big deal. Now (like Louie?), less so.
ready to go full force not gunna let a little thing stop me or distract me
Ok, so if I don´t hear from you I will know exactly what happened...
Office Live Small Business is closed, but customers still grapple with migration
RT Not in OAK yet! RT Brett will not retire, maybe play for another team, San Fran or az or det
Lol! Just fixed it. I was tweeting from my phone and forgot to add your name. I'm always happy to hear you are doing well!
will start writing a new song when I get back. The rain inspires me.
i got in to Gryffindor. But ive always categorized myself as a Hufflepuff. lol.
#Hawks owner fined $35K for calling out officials.
Is this one of those things where something scary pops up while I'm concentrating? Too many times, too many times.
so damn close to takin' the win! So close..
Threw up in my mouth when I heard Taylor Swift would be playing Eponine in the Les Mis movie. Sad day for movie musicals. Horrible choice.
Logan's Run was right, no one should be allowed to live past 30.
hello! Andrew is smarter than me, but don't tell him that.
Watching Twilight!
North Carolina has always been slow in realizing the basic rights of human beings. They were pro-slavery until it was illegal to be.
I'll have to check it out! Very cool
Somewhat old news, but excited to be working now , for #history editor Joyce Seltzer. (Opinions here are mine alone, however.)
Ben Ferris cut his hair. ._.
I only have one song from Alivelectric, which I got as a free download from last.fm.
Who would win in a fight: Car Fox or The General?
Oh no! What happened? Could you email us at so we can try to make it right? Thanks!
I'm still drooling over this year's lineup. So much good stuff with more to come soon (including the comedy lineup)
Oh man. Obama is telling me to go back to school. A challenge? I would like to meet his goal.
Straight day.
its on its way.....cuz south beach is packed right now.
No GET NAKED !! IS THE BEST
s/o to the New Followers aboarding the journey
Super 8 was super awesome!
What a great day! Heard back from Sunday auditions, and was invited to perform in 2 of Spotlight Communicaciones' upcoming productions!
Its Time for the DBACKS to Go back to work Today
Sounds like ur ready for a great race! Stop by & say hi to our Operation Rebound challenged athletes, lookin forward to seeing u
umm gots to go rite now me n him got dah same hair n he want to cute it off well did have dah same hair
Harbaugh doesnt owe anything to Coughlin. I wouldnt shake his hand at all
Excellent blog! I luv good writers!
Feeling the urge to get tatted!
Time to go fishing #SunsAtJazz Hard to believe that we may have just seen Nash play in a Suns uniform for the last time.
Excited to see for the second time tonight the ! I love summer :)
Diamonds on my neck, whiskey on my tongue
Don't think I want anything in return # JUSTSAYING
Seriously though, Rephresh and Vagisil commercials have no place on any channel other than Oxygen, Lifetime, or the Oprah network.
Very true! Nicely said, too.
My condolences to and to Chris Wallace of on the passing of his father, Mike Wallace. I loved his dress shirts!
We're making a new TV commercial today. Ours are usually a little different--- a bit of fun, along with the vehicle details.
The bus driver is dapping everybody as they get on the bus...
Feel good Fridays get me every time Thank you for the shout-out Forever & always... Shade 45 Hip hop Fridays!
“ My Head Hurts And I'm Sleepy.”
For those about to learn, we salute you!
is 6' & FABULOUS & a proud card carrying member of #TEAMTALLGIRLS always rocking heels! Love her! Tall is beautiful people!
Suicide Squeeze is the "new bunt"
Well that woke me up a little
haha ppl for real get butthurt over that
Hmm....the Clipper fans are surprisingly quite tonight; Lob city where you at?
Gary Busey and Ted Haggard on Celebrity Wife Swap. I can't stop myself from watching it. Someone. Pull. Me. Away.
#YouGetPointsIf You Like country music as much as I do.
: too much sushi last night. I have scales and gills! Mesclun salad for lunch today...with chicken! cluck cluck
Keep employees in the know about the company fleet. We’ll add $5 to your account when new biz members follow ! DM us for deets.
Just saw Stevie Wonder in the lobby of the Hyatt Regency, Anaheim.
yes, but i've got ever sniffer going and its not even pulling anything as far as cross-site vun. or even bad code.cache perhaps?
Most situations don't require Miricals...they just require Hard Work!
When you are down on your back, if you can look up, you can get up.~Les Brown
Thanks for RT. Please consider following us.
Chris bosh bitch ass out for the season but fuck dat nigga we don't need em lol #Lebron&Wade
Holiday Specials available at platinumcce.com few dates are open book today!
Thanks for the follow & Lots of #landarch, I like to see that!
#nowfollowing .....cool ass guy wit dope ass sneaker vids
Live each day to the fullest, tomorrow is not promised. God first. Keep It Elegant.
In a perfect world, I'd want to see + join the #Mavs together. Two good dudes
By asking for the impossible obtain the best possible. ~ Italian Proverb
So there's a third voice? Or many?
my throat kills
everyone just wanted that phone cause it looked nice but had shitty battery lmao
Photos from the past two opening receptions are up! Maybe you're in one!
I need to start packing. Tomorrow is going to be a very busy day.
You've been my fav. actress for as long as I can remember "We're the same age".NO new starlette will ever surpass your talent
Jealous of people in a cute relationship.
In 1946, President Harry S. Truman seized control of the nation's railroads, delaying - but not preventing - a threatened strike by
#imagine You:dont mind me if i get weak in the knees cuz u have tht effect on me Austin:& ill be thr to catch you and never let u go -anna
I did return the favor, in my defense. Her butt was...less bony.
I feel like the smell of musk and leather would be similar to that of sweaty biker. Don't know why that hasn't caught on.
Finally hit up Stuckeys, Ying Yang in the thang
To all my tweeps....Luv ya, appreciate ya and enjoy ya!!!!!
I have that issue and she looks absolutely fabulous!
That's not commentary re btw , rather , the brain flaccid imbeciles he must constantly refer back to econ 101.
not funny - not sorry :/
Thanks for all the safe wishes as I head to the Dome. I'll be sure to duck when I see flying objects. ;)
Thanks for the tip! We saw at #entunpluggd and it sounded fantastic - just followed them!
Starting to feel more like a rally than a forum. But people are fired up!!
do something about it! we're about to be over at sol's again!
It feels so weird to be petitioning my elected officials for change but sometimes you have to set your ideology aside to get shit done.
you should text a fan every week from a text app! that would make their day!!
WAKE UP!!!
Relax/enjoy
Good morning and great news! We've partnered with and ! Watch for delivery news soon!
where u at?
It is amazing how many Negative Mean People there are. So unhappy and trying to make everyone around them miserable. Negative Pukers, Throw…
and : Dinner tonight is a trio of kurobuta pork, Sous vide loin and braised shoulder ragout.
Yes, Ignitor the 2nd! RT : You read that correctly, gang. is getting the start against the RHP Kyle Lohse.
I miss oomf.
Dont the #Reds start at 1?
what is the Red Hawk sandwich?
last weekend was busy an this one is going to be here too lol
Thanks 4 comin, its always great 2 hear from youth!
It is Follow Friday! We'd like to shout out to our amazing team #FF & #Pink&Purple coming soon!
The sad thing is that I got it to 92% and then recorded more shows last night. Egads! My DVR begins to stress me out.
GO TO WORK HOE!
Ur as close to Hitch as I am Albert Brenaman “: You can call me Hitch RT Oh is she "perfect" drew? Thanks. ”
WELCOME to twitter !!! It's where all of the cool kids hang out!!! =) is right! Trust him! =)
Rushmore never gets old. Thanks Music Box!
I am very curious about #Kolb's future at this point as Eagle's commit to Vick where do you see him going? My first guess is Washington
I hate #fastFood ... Having 2 deal with it bc 2 hungry
Oh Gellespie field I live in Sand Diego Lucky us!
Ima do me till I die so get used to it
Playing the keys with Kingston Yard Style on Saturday night! Will get details soon. One Love.
I missed it.
Next on the , of the No.1 movie joins us to talk about the his role and the Heat-Knicks series.
Eyes heavy and burning -_-
Be the person the lord intended you to be!
I have been interviewed at 6:00 for a story that aired at 9:00 in the past. I would crack under that kind of time pressure.
My 4-yr old indicates his approval or disapproval by saying "That's a check (yes) or an X (no)" with appropriate gestures.
“Create your own career, instead of letting your company do it for you.”
WHY IS FACEBOOK BEING SO SLOW!???
pls give me all of the funk, thx
I just peed in a urinal in a co-ed bathroom 'cause I could.
Still need to get Downton Abbey first season. I could stop by your new office.
Review: It's a mystery how two authors could get together and create such a readable mystery. Characters are well defined and memorable.
love it!!
Happy Labor Day. I'm thankful to have a job I love and happy to work everyday. Now who's cooking out?
Arguing about whether or not Frito pie is delicious just isn't the same without any Frito pie.
WHERE IS HARVEY DENT!!
What kind of hat is Donald O'Connor/Cosmo wearing?! Oh Cosmo....
We have been seeing more DAs this past week. Tis the season for them ": no DAs since january.. then three the past two days.
the song and video are awesome. Thank you for sending me the link!
#Besto!! What it do
I'm not surprised Scalzi's piece is so hot. I know he isn't either.
Holy fuck, my allergies are horrible.
Exam time! Examine away my little students!
I gotta say... We think the interview on Majik 95.5 and Mix 94.7 this morning was fabulous. Did you hear it? If not, AM 1370 at 7:00 PM.
Are plotting and planning the same thing?
$8 Growler Refills at today!
Cooling misty rain today. My dove friends didn't have their pool party this morning in the birdbath. My tree is heavy with flowers.
Money frees you from doing things you dislike. Since I dislike doing nearly everything, money is handy.
yes! it is my fave
RIP Elizabeth Edwards!
with ashley, silvia, vanessa, & melanie (:
Hammond: We'll look at extension for Jennings. One thing we don't want to do, do things out of necessity...negotiate out of weakness
Actually going to eat during a secret supper
Best corndog and a half eva.
Thanks, Jessica! :)
sometimes it's the type that you need to turn
love it. Put that on my gravestone.
U guys were like fighting over twitter last night.
Since I'm waiting for u, u're not waiting for anyone anywhere.
RT This, But Answer too! Commish asks-"What sports team would u buy if u had a $1 Billion Dollar Bill?" We want to hear your acquisition...
ik bro I just been work in shit I stay up north now
Lets avoid studying at all costs.
'Christopher Walken, I'd tap That' says
WI state senator: "historic school aid reduction in Wisconsin is the second largest per pupil cut in the nation."
Glad to meet you and talk this morning.
Leaving for Warsaw tonight. Excited about going to the site of the Museum of the history of the Jews of Poland.
: #Bulls don't have the horses to win even with Rose. I see that now. Next year is a lost one so let's build for the future.
gonna be smokin at 4:20 to that dirty version of "tatts on my arm" #ambition 11-1-11 CANT WAIT!(bart scott voice)
I meant "bro" but "pro" is better.
I've tweeted absolutely nothing of great significance all week. It's like taking a twitter break... only better
Twix bars really need to pause an awkward moment.
I have a folder full of screen shares I can put in Dropbox for you. Need them?
red, green or Christmas? Good thing to ponder on the walk.
Is this the start of the party for the Party Starter?
Avengers was great! I loved it! I totally sugest you go! Its funny god epic and peoples laughs at the movies were crazy!
Vern, are you prepared to go to that length?
Thank you to everyone who attended IPSA's 2nd Annual Reception
Alejandro is HOT
its very aggravating. We play our differences against each other & in the same breath try to act as though they don't matter.
We have the cutest messages! (:
George Harrison<333
Just killed a spider at McDonalds heading for my food
Retro. RT : I was redirected to a MySpace page today.
Good morning Long Beach!! Long Beach Hydrobike rentals is now accepting reservations! Contact us at 562) 546-2493
ok HOW WELL DO U KNOW ME!! “: PLEASE tell me you're not talking about Barry Manilow AGAIN....”
I know its like i love you but I wanna like kill you at the same time lol
Staaly still signing with just about every team but the Pens also could be traded for the first overall pick.
The topic of todays show is Bullying! Please share your thoughts!
#PCA demi looks good and sounded a little off key but she looks good so hey it balance
At Capitol Ale House for the show and they're playing Pavement on the PA!
now is good
Häagan Dazs is copying Ben & Jerrys by having Free Cone Day today. Next week they will do B&J's flavor naming with The Almond Brother Crunch
": Hey you remember those frat girls?? " whatever the hell their called
beer me!
Woe! I just freaked out cuz i thought gave out his phone number on twitter :O
I don't want your stupid bear!
that would have been great! I do have to go back to work eventually, though. 13 hours down, 2 to go.
ok, so I've been writing ad copy for the past week and I am starting to get a little crazy.
Just finished my upper body workout. I didn't like my stats from yesterday's treadmill workout so, I'm trying out something different again.
Dude snare sound ugly.....
awww omg i want to!!!:)
We've got a great demo today from 11am to 3pm at beautiful ! Come see us and please tweet us some pics. We love Cali!
I worked on a crazy shot in that one for a couple months. I've been able to avoid seeing it so far.
Watched film #Antichrist Beautiful and so fucked up the same time!
you can go to google books and read a bunch of the classics for free.
So looking forward to this summer! :D
Thanks bro!
It has been a fantastic day so far and we hope that our #twitter peeps are experiencing the same!
How can not be the clear favorite for POY?! Had a MAN'S GAME today!!!
Cause i'll cool your ass down if you think you're hot shit.
Now I am :): Are consumers expecting brands to provide easy customer service via mobile platforms?
I bet! It's absolutely insane around here. This is Miss Marple's least favorite holiday. The fireworks terrify her.
Does anyone else have a Steam?
So happy that tomorrows the last day of west test.
Holler if I can help in the future. I'm Nashville. So inspired from my first #Blissdom. Thank you & your team.
can't dispel the sense of purgatorial hopelessness. It's "buhs" all the way down.
aww thank you little one . Love you 
Fish frys >> on point
Hater?! RT : I don't see why America need 2 Harry Potter attractions -_-
haha i thought taking your socks off was the best feeling? Lol
#imissyoubut you never learned to read so i had to move on
no atl I moved to union city over the weekend
eating cake wbu
Wow. Is it 2003 again?? LOL
War pigs.
#mommausetosay if you pee in the bed again I'm him make you lay in it
Havent tweeted in a min... Hey world!!
Oh gosh you guys know eacho other so well! Its adorable -__-
Naw u always late. I can't depend on u lol
#YouKnowYouDrunkWhen you take a shit in the sink and then go wash ur hands in the toilet
sorry didn't see the relation
Love you Hines! Thanks for the awesome season. Counting down the days til next 1.
so true! Sometimes I feel just like my kiddos!
why u wearing clothes?? Lol
Sadly yes lol
I was just thinking the same thing... anything is possible.. lets make the impossible possible
better than i know myself
On way back from big easy. Just love early morning flights.
Britain, Britain, Britain. Terry the alleged racist continues to get picked, Downing no goals/assists goes to Euros, King Kenny....bumped.
Everyone should go follow :) why? Because I said so and my word is law!
trying to get this sound quality perfect so i can drop this little vibe for you guys.
RT : See yourself in your ideal business BEFORE you create it. Do what you love & follow your passion. Leave the cookie...
What’s more important to a relationship: common values or other commonalities (like tastes in music, interests, etc.)? What do you think?
Is Cute ;)
I got a B on my Business Law final this morning and an A in the class. Glad that's over with.
Our goal is to see your family happy, healthy and successful.
I'm #notinterested in a fine chick who aiint got a damn thiing to talk about. 411 hoe!!! Yu ain't the only. Good lookiin bitch in LA. WORD!!
You are surrounded by easy, apparent solutions that could dramatically augment your earnings, power, influence and success.
where are you kid
that is so darn excellent! Have an extra one for us!
I predict as one of the next music stars :D He said he'll be with some talented producers soon <3 Love you Josh. Always here!
aw :,) I love you too. Let's do something soon <333
Thank you learning lots!
u know what? Then i'm doing it today.
What if your pillow could collect your dreams and when you wake up, you could plug it into your computer & watch them over again.
thank you! So glad you like it!
my universe will never be the same, i'm glad you came.
we should post the dued as a Jagoff!
Foggy in Vegas??? I am so confused
About to go workout with
Thanks for the RT - hope to see you there!
haha I will. She can come get big with me.
And the arguments are underway.
Why am my up so early
Touchdown Meetinghouse scores it's 3rd NFL player wedding this year New Superbowl betting criteria. Team with the most Meetinghouse Weddings
TV chef Giorgio Locatelli told Radio 5 live's Richard Bacon that the mafia presence is still felt in Sicily.
you got Jarritoed it sounds like!
The world is wierd in some kind of way when you want somethin that somethin neve hapens but u get to be close to it my wish meet VictoriaJ!
Rawlings takes more pride in the students he's taught than the books he's written
RT : Great celebration dinner with parents...perfect end to my "Carrie bradshaw" evening
may sneak in some more rides before then.
Can't wait for ! March 18th,
Thanks! Yeah, the commercials weren't as great this year. Stop by for a Stout anytime though!
Thanks so much! :)
#joeyroyerprobz our new thing k? hahahaha.
My favorite day of the year is when you get the March Madness sale flyer from Pianos n' Stuff.
Happy 4th! switching to CTone Latin Jazz
so far I'm on the bleak, stunned and hopeless side.
There's something so fun about having martini night with your mom and then jumping in puddles and then going out some more
I cant bro. If i knew earlier i woulda came i swear.
I did! I'm too indecisive to pick a favorite...
Welcome everyone to Hoover's API Trends TweetUp!
Debate: Which of the #MLB's hottest teams right now will likely fade away & become irrelevant during the season?
Ask me any questions Might put the questions in my next YouTube video!(:
#ff if you love beer, ...give us a follow :) Thanks!
I have an immense faith in him
Took pooch for a walk and is cold!
ha ha ha another disgruntled heat fan ha ha ha
Sincerely This is a #Major FAIL LMFAO→ mylikes
Zayn: well id go for the tripple back flip and ... Louis: Zayn you cant do a triple back flip Zayn: im learning.....
RT : I just coined a new word :) | "FutureCrafting": foresight, technologies & communities to co-create a better future.
Oh that's very pleasant to know. Thank you
Running the boards on for Yeh, Michetti
"Racial profiling simply does not work" -Sen. Durbin
I'm so bored!
I screw things up so much, it's not even funny. :\
49ers or Giants?
Little #earthquake here in Boston?
I am gonna be that guy on Twitter during graduation
Finally this wEek is over. Time to celebrate!!
I descend on the patisserie 5 min after it opens & there's already a line out the door. Clearly, the French are a people after my own heart.
Going to kick Monday's ass
January was a great month! Cash flow was really good. Had fun. Worked hard but not too hard. Getting mind and body ready for tax season!
WHY?!! WHY?! because its gonna be epic as fuck.
Getting p.o waiting for the dr
Chopping a ramekin of chives when the cook next to you needs it also
"Survivor Type"
Impressive three wide run by Looks like Stella found her groove.
Thanks so much!
#mybeatles1 She Loves You
Novacane baby BABY ❤
I seen at west mesa!(:
See all of you small biz owners this morning at the douglasvilleb2b! 8am douglasvilleb2b.com
What a hard day. So so hard. My psychiatrist just called me. It's a sign.
Looking forward to the Great Tarrant County Debate tonight!
it was the thing that he had been meaning to say for a while...."hey, wanna help me study for my Fiber Optic test?"
We will see you Sunday! Excited about #NaturalBabyFair!
My dog growled at mine! RT Of course maybe that means I picked an ugly wig?? :)
lol I know, I've missed it so much! You should ggooooo! (:
I cannot guarantee the safety of anyone with a blow out.
Thanks to everyone who ordered off the new lunch menu this weekend. Please feel free to post how delicious the new items are. ;)
It's a good start Trista. Gets easier!
seems to be true. But I am going to make it out of here.
Reminds me of the Steelers vs. Cardinals. Horrible no call on a clear pass interference.
Weirdest campus flyer ever: "Daryl Hannah speaks about sustainable solutions, Tuesday 3/15. As seen in Kill Bill and Splash!"
Gotta find the energy to pack....don't feel like doin anything right bout now.
"I watched that on the youtube!" -mom
Left is Right | Left-wing group named after Greek riot dog torch EU finance chief's car - Daily Mail
It doesn't matter what you do, or who you did, who you were hanging with, we could stick around and see this night through.
Georgia OT Cordy Glenn & Georgia Tech WR Stephen Hill, a couple projected 1st rounders, still on the board with only 5 picks left
I wanna be at the beach right now.
RT : Upper 90 is still looking to sponsor all types of sports teams for this spring and summer. Please shoot us a......
I knew you could win! Yayy :)
you won't regret it! Enjoy :)
heyy I tried calling you, I'm free from 5 to 730ish today. Also free tomorrow morning!
Ok. Time to prepare for my speech on the development division and market. More soon.
My b. That was before I knew how old y'all were. *High schoolers for my last tweet. xp
Good to see Diddy at the #Oscars and not that zoo that's called all star lol that nigga probably tired of that life. Imma go with the whites
Cheap Drug - Savings up to 65% - Duane Reade - BRAND Prescriptions -
Thanks for the painting RT, Tam! Following back.
Just moved into my new office
nope...screech was the right choice....
What is Inside your ghd Toothpaste - Jacqueline Scott&#39;s Blog - J ...
“: On the road to success you will see people who u thought was friends get mad when u start being successful”100 p
Aaron Rodgers is the MVP of the NFL.
You already know
Had a great time presenting in Bogotá, Columbia today on Innovation and
Attunement is more important than mere theological knowledge. Refine your attunement through the practice of meditation.
i say
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.
Kronum League All-Star Game Prop Bet: O/U on doing his "wing flap" 2.5 times
I want to I miss living in SA!!</3 ": i miss you more :( I want you back ally!!! Please !! *gets on my knees*"
I think it's about time to drink my favorite peach tea for the night. It was a very nice day. :)
Great Fights!! Love this property!
Time to practice my Bass, pretty boring these days really thinking about joining a friends band.
I see your point, but hosp execs with biz$ in mind are members. AMA reps MDs RT : who writes orders??
Roses are red, violets are blue. I have #Alzheimer's cheese on toast.
frizzy rocks
"Lord, if I can't be skinny, please let all my friends be fat."
phone interviews are the worst....my director has told me how much she hates doing them, so its both sides :)
You want to see how times have changed? Watch Eddie Murphy: Delirious. Boy the world was pretty ill informed back then, eh?
haha! I never saw your mention : / ....trending means we put the # sign before cheer fusion!!
Remember that one time we didn't get snow and it was 85 in March? What the HELL is summer gonna be like?
eek! I'm sure you were awesome tho!
Roy Wilkens renovation
I so agree.
Fuuuuuuuuuck Johnny Depp is so sexy in Dark Shadows. Daaaaayum
Don't hate me because I'm better than you. Hate yourself because your not as good as me.
lmao dedication and determination!
This bitch has her bare feet on the damn chair. :l Sicko.
That awkward moment when a guy accidentally hits your boob O.o
You can always wear a fancy hat.
Excited to hear. RT : On way to Canada to announce venues for FIFA Women's World Cup 2015 & 100th anniversary of
Indeed they do bang up work there! Great personal archives materials.
I had to visualize what you were talking about. When I got it I had a flare of jealousy. Why didn't I think of that?!
my life is complete.
Got to LA-about to go for a run :)
OMG DUDE look at ;ady gaga?
Schedule a visit in August right before school starts and we'll be happy to have you assist in the process! :)
"What did you learn about trash?" Great question! Wow!
Been to space and back just to spit it on the track
Beautiful Instagram, Nikki. One of our favorite features of Kittichai! did you enjoy your brunch?
Sex and the City - the bullshit = Pulling
Love when mom pays for all your new clothes as long as you call about a summer job.. DEAL! Now enjoying a cold beer while I watch this storm
I can totally agree with that statement. They just can't park! I need to get that blog up and running for this very topic.
following back :)
One way for a busy mom to keep up on her housework: have a toddler who is obsessed w/the vacuum/broom. #ihatetocleanwhoskidisthis?
which pitchers, if any, are likely to be released, demoted, or traded before OD, and which teams may be suitors
but I'm giving u full credit Tina!
Thanks! You too, Jim!
"Charity sees the need not the cause." German Proverb
I finely got to see Tinker Tailer Soldier Spy Gary Oldman was Awsom as well as the other actors. I like smart movies thanks.
Growing up I have become a very forgiving person!It's a part of growing up! There's now way you can grow holding on to so much of your past!
dams wish I could go!!!!
S/O to #TeamFreedom of #FreedomOutreachSeattle. Were making #Progression in A #Recession with the little we have
RT : When I see a Vet any Vet..Combat or REMF..I SALUTE & THANK THEM..THEY PAID 4 THE FREEDOMS WE ALL ENJOY TODAY...
Thank you! No problem, it will be here whenever you make it over
When everything around u seems a mess n u feel like something is missing think back 2 the last happy moment u had and smile
I cant wait to share with you my first song/video!
Thank You - The Chic'
Yeah, back in Ohio - no wife, no babies.
There's nothing like the National Dog Show!
Ate at El MoDelo the other day kinda of crazy!Just ordered Pizza 9.Pretty damn good place!
watched episode of your show with my kids. You worked with a Apache tribe. Great show. Thank You.
I found an alligator neat my house. Does that count?
Hint: being required to go to unexpected lecture on stress management, increases stress in those that previously weren't.
UC gonna score more!
I'm sure she would greatly appreciate it (': we're just looking out for her!!! Who knew we had hearts? Lmao
Freedom tips off the jeep, sunglasses on, walk on the beach for sunset! Thanks Seattle
I cannot wait to move out of Seattle.. one more month!!
#Blogathonatx google Jeff Goldblum erection to find
If she kick it off then imma run it back
Leap Day Yo .
You can't handle the white rubber action. <wink>
bitch please. I should give u some of my rating bonus so u can buy some listeners.
teeheeRT : does Tony Lucca live on the second floor, he lives upstairs from you. Yes i think you've seen him before.
Putting another pillar in place this week toward my idea on a building a #CQ5 web application without a database
Flight attendant just said "I know we have 5 people who require wheelchairs, if you would like to make your way to the front of the plane.."
I agree bro!
Thanks(: Get more to follow me ? && I like love her tweets !
uhh ok then
#WeAllNeed a little #BadArt in our lives
DYK? Grace Bumbry, Opera Singer, was a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..
Let's go warriors!
not yet. A
Keep learning about the world. Use your mind to the hilt. Life passes quickly and, towards the end, gathers speed like a freight train...
they are averaging 7 hits a game for the year
good morning c:
Joe Block puts me to sleep.
Fun 2 turn back hands of time, hoop it up & spend time w/ incredible HS coach & beautiful teammates! Busted e-forearm
I think I can help with the Pan/Pam dilemma
thank you Danielle!!! Hope u are too :) miss u guys!
Thanks for heads up on the Conklin article. Majerus was excited to sign him years ago and clearly the hard work has paid off.
it doesnt feel like schools gunna be over in 2 weeks.
trio playing on @ Pete Miller's in Evanston tonight!
We could always jazz up a little certificate for Twitter Credibility and award it to each other. Maybe that would help.
Epiphany Update: Vince Lombardi was a f%^&*%g New Yorker.
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life. William Ellery Channing
“: New #MMWordAssociation: Ron Burgundy. Best ones get a RT!”// Stay Classy
I might just puke
Nah...welcome to the bigs, youngster. #Brewers RT Almost feel bad for that rookie in his debut. ALMOST.
why is there a brand new motorcycle in my garage ?!?!
I think there's a lot we haven't quantified yet that comes out of being able to hold a conversation with your fans and followers.
thanx #FF...looking forward to April!!!!
come cook? :)
where where where are you?!?!?! Pweaseeeeeee
their team names/ winner prizes?
So excited for tonight's #ModernFamily! Disneyland episode!!! Everything is better with some Disney!
Morning tea nothing beats it. [•-•]
i just got home #partysoon💜💜💜
Crap. My eye insurance sucks. They're only covering $50 of my $200 contact lenses, and $0 on new glasses. Awesome. Ugh...
I thought you were such a rebel. But now?
Nick leaves for Seattle tomorrow morning for at least the rest of this month, possibly longer :-(
oh...we went 2 brittney house. ..n again!!ughh
And they are now playing Whipping Post. I am a happy girl.
i was going to Whata Taco && you were going toward 183rd crossing the street
I need it when I want it, I want it when I don't... Tell myself I'll stop everyday knowin that I won't
If in El Cerrito Cal-make a visit to Foley & Bonny @ the El Cerrito Plaza. Foley & Bonny has been around since 1946 !! www.foleyandbonny.com
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach. ;-)
Welcome! Great read.
Miley Cyrus ♥
What up Shane!) We Rep. The MOSLEY Name... True Leaders We Are. I AM... GOD IS LOVE Fam' I Love the way your always given back!
And we'd also end up being taught to think of non-Christians as inferior beings.
I guess you could say my biggest fear is losing you.
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithBacon Despicable Bacon
i use too be Good, But now im badd, i use to be shy, now ima WildGirl, I use to stay sober but now i get high, i use to care Now its Fyf
My PHP code is starting to look a bit like JavaScript lately, and I like it
": Manning to Broncos...more coming on Espn"
The things I'd do to punch half of the people in my life.
i don't know who else would feed us/give us a home
Just heard some really great news about California. :)
3 of 6 elements of the foundation: 1. be saved; 2. have the holy ghost; 3. personal concecration...come back Wednesday for more
Boston not going so well? I know this will be your first full day there.
how is the bar these days? Working on fun projects?
still love.
Your venture into epistemology hasn't been too well received...Chris, you have the worst good job there is.
We're working on our new client's brochure: Microsage. We lover our clients!
So I'm not a professional photog?
laundry all day
Getting my hair done!
Having a late lunch Burger. Beer. WiFi.
Isn't there some oppressive copyright law we can invoke that would make it disappear?
good afternoon dina
Going shoe shopping this weekend. Any ladies have suggestions on where to look for a good deal?
Fuck this pointless drivel, I'm going to bed
it's nice! Windows all around, so great views. Cocktail tables and a bar. Never would've thought!
got it going... Too much steps for anyone with ADD...
I'm hearing through the grapevine that NYCO has lifted work-stoppage and will start rehearsals tomorrow
Love watching the Royals spring training games on tv. Can't wait for baseball season to begin.
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':19
Thanks for the follow !
I don't get it either, but I'm not their target.
Oh, the tweets of our interns...
This needs to go on FB are you ready for that?
Okay patiently waiting for your reply...
Kamara was fight for it all night long. Was harrassed by defense, got bad calls, still put it in the net for the lead
Tonight I learned that my "San Francisco? Who needs a coat?" attitude was deeply misguided.
it makes me happy knowing your happy
its not that i changes its that ive grown up and ive learned not to give a fuck what people think of me.
What three words spring to mind when you think about Detectigo?
for he knows how we are formed, he remembers that we are dust. Psalm 103:14
Yeah! Can't wait...it's going to be a great day!!!!
Apparently, I am the only person who decided to work at my office today. Because there is no one here.
Ha! Too true. #TakeWhatICanGet RT Looks like some social media marketer just got some new restaurant accts and is on the job!
what does not contain gluten or dairy: City blossoms herb CSA! 50 dollars, pick up delicious herbs weekly, contact
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) -- Minnesota Senate approves $975 million Vikings stadium plan; governor says he'll sign bill.
my life is amazing. you know theress this guy that i like , hby?
I hate it when you can't get your jacket off and it get stuck and you look like a retard flapping around
I Swear Everyone Is So Annoying In This House. #Annoyed I'm Just Gonna Ignore And Listen To #SaySomethin! 's Voice Is Amazing!!
Evidently I'm wrong. The Valentine's Day Wedgie is NOT actually a well-known tradition. :(
Because the Nuggetts play TEAM BASKETBALL
Version 7 is on its way. Stay tuned.
Gus walking out on to the pool in Mexico is straight Scorsese.
You'll see Tammy-She's been working on an absolutely incredible special abilities training
hi my gorgeous girls!!!!
My love for is unreal :) Like for shizzle!
I build tings
Did none of that paper doee.
Have a home renovation project but can't decide who to call ?Mr.D's has been renovating home for 25 years. Get it done right the first time.
“: Apigee is at #swdetroit, #apihackathon and #mobileappDFW2 this weekend. excited and proud to see it grow.”
Hey man, thanks for sending this around-- never even thought to send end it to AOTS!
James Harding grill>>>>>> WTF??
I hope is safe
QOTD : " you know ! wacky asian catwalker guy "
second sexiest woman behind you
yep, you got it!
We're looking forward to the Derby this afternoon, we're picking Creative Cause to win. Who do you pick?
This morning I almost came to school with a vneck on backwards & I stopped in the middle of Mt. Zion because I saw an imaginary cat...
Feel soo dumb right now ..
Going to Laughlin NV for a promo job for Bahama MaMa cigars today, will be gone until the 30th of this month.
what type of diamonds the the make tile blade out of or from Tiffany's??? Lol
Rape me.
I feel I still struggle with it even after 2 years of getting out!! Heart "hurts" strip the soul and confidence from me!
Ha! My aunt Maude was the chief buyer there....and my parents used to send me to visit her....and run amuck in the store....on special h ...
Thinking of sketching "obesity" & "place to be active" at #SoS at 2pm - if you want to participate, tweet sketches to ! :)
Rumors that she is pregnant by The Dream...
We are at Keystone at Xing next to Maggie Moos, by the Kohls. Yes, we have free wifi! Come in sometime, happy New Year!
If a fat rich guy who calls everyone 'dude' walks in to the ER the show may transition into
have so much fun this weekend!!! Wish I could be there! Lots and lots of love xoxoxoxo
Everyone has at least one different secret they keep from each person.
Our BrookfieldLove.com radio ad airs in 13 minutes on KFI!
Pleased to announce is an official partner of The Day of Foster.ly on 5/12.
And yeah, the culture part of it is super obnoxious.
Smart Jewelry Show reports record attendance
Yo J,nice work bro!Do you have a contact 4 production?
Remember when dude CLEAN got stabbed mutiple times? Lol
Turned on the race to see my husband in first :)
Last night was amazing, Baton Rouge you rock! Thanks to our new friends Face to Fate and Clicks for having us out.
You become a ass hole when you break a woman's heart... You become a man when your mature enough to repair another woman's heart...
hahahah WOW who would;ve thought you'd know the words
I'm so happy and made up! ☺Thank God
That niggas mouth is ridiculous, it makes me wanna go get my retainer.
QOTD "can you change the pitch of my cassette tape on this sound board?"
: what a helpful article. Thanks for tweeting. I will have to print it out and hang on my fridge.
Meeting's starting
Hankism #1: Out-performing your peer group doesnt change your performance.
but they stay frontin like its so great, its only fun when u wanna b.
I'm sorry to hear that Ron. Hope you're doing OK.
My tummy hurts ...!!
thanks doll :)
You can have Newsome. He lost out to a true freshman. Also, at least Penn State has one four star recruit. #sloppyseconds #BONESAW!
&& that's why your my sis.
H is for Hate.
hahaha okay ganging up against them
Lesson learned LeSean McCoy. Don't talk shit if you don't want it returned.
It sucks when you know that you need to let go but you're still waiting for the impossible to happen.
My day today >>>
No homo LOL
Too much learning is done from the sidelines.
#FF everyone who follows me, it's an eclectic and wonderful group of folks
bday show going down tonight at hobs!!
I can help u out with stars for Mb transfer if u don't mind mb in CAN $$
Had a good time yesterday. Next time they need to have sample size menu's. VIP was def the way to go! I loves Food Trucks!
happy birthday tigress!
bonfire my house right now?
We're gonna party like it's 2012! Happy NYE everybody!
I had that exact tape. It opened up my world. 1983 was good.
hey! hi my bro!!
Yo mama so fat when she lies on the beach no one else gets sun!
RT : A 6yr old boy has gone missing today from Park Brow school in Southdene Kirkby wearing a maroon uniform his name is Reece
#songsiwillbevergettiredof your song-ellie goulding version
having a heck of a game ben!
Almost homeC: corpus was amazing<3
Finch & Reese now have their Moriarty, and her name is "Root!".
The study of being is not to be found in the triumph of man over his condition but in the very tension with which the conflict exsts Levinas
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur #amazing:) followme:)15
At day 1 of ROHO Advanced Oral History Institute
Love Wednesdays because it means we're baking Scotch Oatmeal Cookies--smells delicious in here!!
Uh where'd you go? Thought we were hanging?
calm down its just a tweet. Jesus -_-
calm down
I'm about french fried out
You rock Jeff! Keep it real this week, and watch out for the Man
tweets are Old... Or we are OLD?
Just heard QCart was used for playback at the Cherry Blossom festival yesterday—& Mrs Obama was the featured speaker. "Worked like a charm."
Don't get me wrong; I LIKE being stuck in here - it's my house, and I pay the mortgage on it; I'm going to enjoy it!
RT : Did you know that twice as many people die each year from vending machine attacks than from shark attacks?
im on it ha xD
“: #S/O to my new follower #Follow #Follow #Follow” right on fam!
that's one way to fix the problem!
nope, on the way home send it to me.
So how ya guys doing?
Hey WE REALLY NEED HELP and we can't find a really person to talk to... can you help us? PLEASE!
I use #spokesman #grayson2012 #fl #dem on every tweet #spokesman is the tag love it
Why is my tv always so fucking loud?!?! Am I deaf? Prolls
“We’re not normally attracted to beautiful things.. A bit of ugliness starts something that's a little more interesting.” (Proenza Schouler)
Just got stung in the forehead by a bee while shooting an engagement session.
That looks more like you than John Lennon. Come on.
just checking!!! Saw you tweeting, so I was just hollering at you.
at bwela party?
Free back massages at my student manager meeting...today's theme is stress management
Not a big #metal music listener but interested in learning about #slipknots global success
Post Edited: Dulcet - The Perfect Wine for an Unknown Birthday Party!
Lowest tackle of any starter MLB, decent hit stick. Still have LB speed like woah
going skating?
damn bro. For what. Minnesota stomps the pack
bahahaha! We'll get you one, sugar. Maybe that's what Charlie can get you for Father's Day.
Thinking about/feeling loss, reading Sappho fragments, popping pistachios.
help: need blogs or news sites with events calendars. ideas?
Don't worry about today, it's already tomorrow in Australia
#MAD is my shit.
going out to eat with ethan >>>
A heartfelt thank you to all of the men and women who fought or are fighting for our freedom.
I don't even like him anymore.
Death of a sausage roll?
lol see u tomorrow
I had a dream that I bought my iPhone off some Mexican lady selling tamales on the corner who also sold iPhones. Lmao.
Attorneys for Michael Brodkorb says career damaged from being fired
Score! RT : Nice work, (I am Montana), and nice work
Caller on #Npr just said factions within occupy oakland want to provoke "spectacular clashes with opd" to radicalize people
feeling the squeeze myself as our school is adopting the newest teacher evaluation process to strike the nation.
hahaha yeah that definitely happens too, but it's more obvious on Twitter
Druidian's new home, The Monorchid. www.monorchid.com
Order sent to Sarah in DC!
sad day;( see you this weekend or monday
Thanks have a great day!
I've taken a shower and washed my hands multiple times, but they still smell like jalapenos!
#20ThingsAboutMe 2. I usually do my own hair and nails.
If we can get half of what our oldest daughter gets from her manager, we'll be very happy campers. Someone that believes in them is key.
If I were to pat u on ur back... Ud list it on ur resume.
Seeing all of this drama is getting annoying
insane wknd for #NY sports - let's go , let's go #NYK #Knicks # NYR
Up to 12 containers per car @ $12 per car load! So organize with your neighbors and friends and support a great cause!
RT : There's no magic to running far...Endurance is mental strength. It's all about heart. -
if you're complaining that Austream was only 10 minutes, you need to leave. you should be happy that he took those 10 minutes out of his (c)
All of my Twitter followers, please add me on Facebook: www.facebook.com/stephensamuelsantoro
fina get this study guide out an start this gone be the hardest final but i know i can do it
NO not this weekend:( Wanna hang out?
How are things going with the filming of your show Quality Time?
Sometimes you have to follow your heart, even if its somewhere you're not supposed to be.
and of course my test positive for lyme had my LLMD'S name so I said no he couldn't see it. He was up to no good.
new nickname: Max "improper dongles" Ogden
Looking forward to watching the game tonight, Go Timbers!
Sue get whistled for cheating again 15:02
Define flats.
Thank God we are taking Andrew Luck. I like Robert Griffin how I like my potatoes... with Redskins.
At the Carl McIntire session...
That looks good! Made my tummy growl.
Time to nut up or shut up
I'm well! :) how are you
Lmao “ im shaving/waxing vaginas for $5 today, use rep code "INEEDITBAD" for 5% off.”
Seriously? Barenaked Ladies in Grandview? LOVE it!
RT : Continued awareness so important to support and accept all in the community
Good morning! :)
Got my I heart Justin Bieber bag, listening to Justin Bieber.
I'm watching a guy scratch his balls. He's concentrating, lifting his leg, & has closed his eyes. In public. He needs some ointment.
Damn that caffine RT : My new obsession: ROCKSTAR Energy Cola thanks you bastard...
haha! Girl, you could rock colored pants for sure. Miss you already - best AC I know ;). go get'em tiger
Work 6-1 , I love this place :)
OMG I Never Knew You Were Following Me.... And Thanks Very Much...
I believe that we can still be valuable while being busy. I think it's all about time management skills.
inside these fourth years we insert an extra box holding back chaos
Father's Day specials galore: silk neckties, custom walking stick w/memorabilia embedded and/or embossed, cedar worm box -- it's all here!
Mark Jackson isn't actually coaching a professional basketball team next year, right? Must have been a misprint
take me to the taco truck lol
got 2 out of 4 anyway
The word "clarify" has just become evil.
aww:( well dont eat it really fast
is having a flash sale that ends tonight. 40% off personalized jewelry for men & women. Use code: FLASH40.
Looking forward to being able to watch "This Week" on Sunday mornings again.
Come on strop
Who's headed to South Padre Island?
In the office listening to with =)
Happy Monday. Blah
How do we make ourselves as teachers and/or librarians relevant in the future? The words may hurt, but are they true?
Watching men friends play pool. As a result, naturally I'm tweeting.
Futurama makes me happy
is fake? No blue check next to it...did u meet him?
Artist in a drought
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada
Wed 9/7: Mark Towns (bass) w Richard Samuels (piano & vocal) at Eddie Vs #LaJolla CA
do you know about ? We love their Kimchi so much, we gave them an award for it :)
": Anyone know a Clippers fan who aint scared to put some money up on this series against the Spurs??"
Excuse me bossman, you know I can't leave until you do right?
actually neither of you are hot so you can stfu
relieved to have found an excellent food truck! , delicious!
Exciting week! New version of the #iPad and #Basecamp. Can't wait to try these out.
One game suspension for Rondo
kobe doesn't deserve this. get him a real supporting cast while he can still play at this elite level
Content is only copy until you put some technopower behind it (through tags)
- Doing great... just working late. Fun! And you? How's post school life?
Finishing up a new computer wallpaper it'll be done tomorrow
Sorry bro, I'm a fan. Can't stand EA regardless of her 'Gators' past. She has no loyalty to UF.
I love not you see?
Thanks to all my friends who support me and part for me in school. I just got accepted to SMU!! Mustangs here I come!!
thank you :-)
I be so bored at home, I'm kind of the only child ya know
follow me :)
u got it
awesomeness at its best! I'm stoked 4 u! Tell ello from an 11yr loyal! Hehe ;)
Wonderful! So glad you enjoyed Nuevo Leon! Have a great trip to Japan.
#FollowReader Just bought THE NIGHT CIRCUS after 's Twitterfest. Didn't realize it was out yet.
Oh dear. Hubs helped the boy clean his room last weekend & I just got a glimpse of the recycle box. There are things in there my son CREATED
Yeah, crazy huh? Makes the week go by fast when I get to try different things.
squeezing in recording sessions between practicing for my upcoming cirque du soleil audition
My dad must get bored at work, he's always calling! Haha
Seriously. I love his dumb ass.
Studio session came out great we have a great song for you guys coming soon stay tuned!
I hear you on that. Had a sick kid on Monday that was really on the mend...drove me nuts!
Dad dubbed pharaohs daughter "Candace" tonight.
The line at the liquor store where I buy my lotto tickets is out the door
put me on that list.
Just the opposite! I'm unemployed at the moment and have a lot of yarn ;-)
I love math!!!! My favorite subject in school.
Great example of a lease clause that will make your lease VOID and UNENFORCEABLE. I feel bad for landlords who have been misled.
I have not given up on him just yet!!! What game of the world series you gonna be at?
I want museums to have conversations with me, not just dole out facts
Freshman year when saw Keisha go ape shit on me in pe😂>>>>>>>
The Best Thing I Could Have Ever Done On Twitter Was Following You Should Really Follow Him ! I Garentee You Will Smile :]
I guess Christine O'Donnell either couldn't comprehend or respond intelligently.
Time stands still for no man
What are #you up to this day??
Can't believe it's already August! Where has this year gone?!
Lucas your amazing and ignore the haters
Exactly. Let your inner mullet fly free. You'll be at the forefront of fashion.
When women are depressed, they eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. It's a whole different way of thinking. ~ Elayne Boosler
#LasVegas knows how to party! ;) Thanks to everyone that joined us tonight! & the team had a good time!
ahahahaha oh the internet :D
Back at it tomorrow after a few days off, and it was wonderful. What do you like to do when you have a day off work? Lake FM
": fight weekend.....first weekend in May...:-)"can't may 3rd is my daughters birthday
buying mine tomorrow!
Martinez down looking. no score after .5
hey what game are you playing tonight jw ?
when is it?
#DrakeandJosh was an AMAZING part of my childhood :))
Oh wow! Just looked at calendar & realized this is my last week to keep the shops open. Baby in 10 days!
On way to reception! Looking forward to it!
In Chicago to check out the #IHRIM conference for the first time
Off to bed. Had all and all a great day. Gave mom her Mother's day gift early and she absolutely LOVED it!!! Going to see Jo & Dottie morrow
New phone Divi bak at it...
i blame our inept qb more than rex. Oh how i would love to have both mannings in ny next season.
For the record, I fucking hate mashup artists.
I think so
no, we are not currently doing the chat but I'll let you know if that changes!
The last 3 teams to eliminate the #Flyers have all gone on to win the Stanley Cup – Pittsburgh (2009), Chicago (2010) and Boston (2011).
Love your portfolio—very impressive. Thank you for following us.
haha it's gonna be a night to remember...or try to remember.
Dear #Twitterfam - I hope your day brings you peace, happiness and fulfillment!
I'm drawing a blank..help me out, what's the mike maddux song again?
Do you have a contact for production?
Good night, Twitter.
Will definitely be seeing The Dictator
Too many promises I gotta pull through this summer :)
Ayala up in bullpen for First action in the bullpen tonight. It's top of 6th.
I have a huge following Dr Goddess. I will help you get the names you need to sign the names on this petition. I like ur cause.
On hold w/AT&T for about the 20th time this year-no joke. I can't believe how many times they've screwed up my account
Who wants to share a Pinterest invite with me?:)
#ICantDateSomeoneThat says the word "mischievous" like "mischievious". You can't just add extra letters. What's next, extra lovers?!
See you later tonight in Seattle! :)
lol 7 hours of field hockey, my phone gets destroyed AND a near death experience.. today sucks.
TRIVIA NIGHT! Come in and test your trivia knowledge with us, get some drinks, and win some prizes! Starts at 8pm...see ya then!
dude this deathmole stuff is awesomez
Thanks for the RT! , see you on the golf course!?
Many thanks, Allan! Hope you're having a good week :)
That all said, I have been able to kitten sit for the past few weeks which is super awesome. Watching a little kitten grow up rules.
+1 RT : Can someone tell me why I'd want to try on if I'm already on ??
My favorite people - follow them.
We're more than reposted soundbites. Come follow our Tumblr blog: nmws.tumblr.com for more content and substance.
My everyday goal is to be better & grind harder .....
i feel like most occupiers are still paddling against the mainstream... time will tell
Hahaha!! That just sounds like a great night!!
God Morning!! TGIFF! Hope everyone has a great day! :)
Good luck from the west coast
Just noticed a great new piece about gaming in the library that mentions ! Go B'more!
it's just wrong not to love steak...but it happens. Heart breaking huh? Please give our steak love. Soon!
excellent! So much fun, I would do it again! Congrats!
What does anonymous mean to you? Does the term exclude you from responsibility?
okay, so last night I fell asleep in my grandma's room, & she said that around 1-ish I threw the blankets off of me, got up,
I won't cry for you I won't crucify the things you do
Great to be connected Robert!
Business & Pleasure do not mix!
thats what I'm saying
Not sure what I like more about Nat Hist Day, listening 2 what students learned during the projects or being able to reward their hardwork.
Every ceiling, when reached, becomes a floor, upon which one walks as a matter of course and prescriptive right. Aldous Huxley
You�re the source of everything you experience
Agreed! STUNNING. Perfect dress for her. RT : Octavia Spencer is simply stunning in Tadashi Shoji
When people ask me "on a scale of 1-100 how immature are you?" I say 69 . #immature (;
this is a part of me♥
New Toll Free # 1-888-409-8632 for Milwaukee residents to contact us.
about to take a lil nap tho. im tired & full.
“: Need good engineering on your album or song holla at my people ” <thanks! Good lookin' out!
If I was an animal, I'd be a chameleon.
Tether balls and cartwheels - two things you never see past grade school.
#YBL how did Loren and the jewlery line get to be so AWESOME? Your doing great!!
yay so soonn. And yes I do pin:3239B631
TaKiNg My @$$ to SLeeP, its been a looonnggg day..!!
me too wtf the usual is like.. 11.
Same here.
I love watching my 23 year old boyfriend lean back in his seat and fall then five minutes later do it again.
--->stop tryin' to sell me stuff<---
This weekend is going to be sad and lonely.
someeboodyy's growing a mustache! lol
wow! We really must be best friends ...because...so do I! #that'sbeast!
See I knew that was a de-bra!!! Half deer half zebra!! Lmao!
I hope to see you in the house of worship tonight! Be Encouraged!
#Baltimore is definitely a sleeping giant. Back in '96 and '97 a Wednesday night in May at BWW woulda looked like a Sun now.
If you're contemplating on getting a Nike Fuel Band, definitely do it! It's phenomenal.
Agreed. RT One position in the scofflaw argument is that we're ALL scofflaws and usually everything still works okay.
Lucroy is the team's hottest hitter and Wolf has an ERA near 7, but Kottaras will start tonight because Wolf requires a personal catcher.
did so good!
KG: get that shit outta here
Payton/Kemp or Paul/Griffin ?
Bout to go on stage..
did it for #CF11 last summer. It worked well. I love the idea, being a sngl ticket buyer myself.
The hardest part about loving someone, is watching that person love another person.
Pretty stunning. #Huskies RB Chris Polk goes undrafted.
I never have, but I know I could. Do that all the time. 1st half of 1 word, part of the next
hey I'm sorry for the late reply it's just that I have .I'm sorry
awesome. Let's Go Rangers!!
where in ATL?! I will stop any buy some on my way home from work!
the internet makes me lose, regain, then lose again my faith in humanity at least two dozen times a day
I need to get a manicure done
Thanks for the support! If you are at ACen you should swing by our booth. :)
Watching Home Videos
"get outta town!" might be the best involuntary phrase ever overused
Didn't you say you have a fair distance to work each day also? The porn line the other gentleman recommend isn't going to work?
In the lab with loyalty
The every-corner type fruit stand on 17th and USW, so-so oranges, grapes . . . and 50 feet away, the USQ farmer's market. I always wonder.
thanks for all of your continued support..
he's never abandoned the fashion sense he learned in Gainsville.
send some my way
hahaha I know
Teaching community bodywork and herbal stress management tonight. Backpack brimming with herbs!
Louis was spotted in London YESTERDAY!
so do I wear my imaginary vintage balenciaga or junya watanabe to watch oscars tonight?
Wait just a second this medicine might be kickin in.
not gonna argue with a closer.
No, I don't think they would be. Mothers and sons. Lethal combination to any poor woman of the future.
Running a #MarchMadness pool for your sports organization? We know a few leagues who are cc
#ThingsMyMotherSays "stop opening the fridge door ever 5 minutes if there wasn't food 5 minutes ago there won't be food now."
Approx. 55,000 people will go without drug/alcohol treatment due to Gov Quinn budget cut. Just think about what those people will do...
It used to be that the studios made films for the US and if you made money internationally, it was a bonus.
Which is cool and all, I guess. I'm glad it ISN'T mumps, but it's still really painful & I hope the antibiotics kick in son. :(
your a straight sleeze ball
I won't even google that. That movie bored me to tears. I walked out humming the audience.
okidokie already did, hate that your deleting but its watever ya gotta do.
Mr.willams humor :]
You should come to New York with a band and play at a club called SOB's--stands for Sounds Of Brasil!
Are website is now in full effect!!! www.3littlebirdssalon.com
just stopped at a green light to give the homeless money and to tell him be safe, poor guy could barley run limping
It's official, beta phase will open Wednesday night! Reply, DM, or RT this if you'd like an invite to start #Spooning with us!
You may be following us on Twitter, but have you visited our Facebook and LinkedIn pages yet?
Thank you for following us. We will see you soon. Happy New year!
#potus specifically mentioned women's issues twice! #sotu That's MY president!
yes they are!
miss you guys! good to see you're still kickin' ass!
Who is it that speaks? To suggest that others may exert powers over my own voice?
Death wish! Don't do that!
when school comes my sleep schedule will be fucked up. :/
Shana tovah! Happy Rosh Hashanah! And to all those here, I hope this year is filled with joy and blessings.
Lololololol...first of ALL!!!! NOBODY...gets THAT...and second, THANK YOU Lmbo!!!
"shootin' buffalo here, shootin' buffalo there...makin' burgers like I just don't care"
dont open it K it will hack your account
Social Data Platform Company DataSift Secures $7.2 Million in Funding
Did you say spanish or spinach?
Come check out knockout.js tonight presented by - there will be pizza and you will love it!
yeahI'm sure you can, but it's more fun when someone nice brings it for you !! LOL
Tommorrow is my last night in Pittsburgh for the summer. Then its back home for Brittany
#HappyFriday - let's all #dance and celebrate the weekend!
MT Nice review paper on effects of in-store marketing on #food choices, Am Jrnl of Preventive
199 of 200 Dane Co. wards voted that corporations are not people and money is not speech.
well.... Its a bit out of the ordinary lol colorful haha...
In custody. Get yooo butt on Facebook. Thats my only way of (private) communtication. Or direct message me on here.. (;
Yeah i do <3 well the 2nd coolest ;) RT : I'm not gonna lie... has the coolest sister EVER! Hahaha :-)
Kansas City, MO we'll be seeing you June 23 @ Gusto!
Santorum is way ahead of Romney among people with only high school diploma. He's definitely owning the culture war that he made up.
It's 7:37am here in the ghetto Bronx.
so true.
that makes me so sad to delete someone!!
way to young to be ballin on a budget!!!!!
Have the three candidates in D-7 agreed to these moderators?
So excited about the location! Hope to get a invite this year! ;)
wait what's wrong with him!?
Goose n' Brisk
Growing Up Google: How Cloud Computing Is Changing a Generation
I know its unrealistic to expect the troops to come home, and terrorism to go away, its so much more complex then that.
#RIP to all the people who died during the #planking epidemic. Senseless losses of life, we gotta do better.
It could be overflowing with love
Bahahaha...you trippin. I ain't having to pay a dime for this trip, so your going to have to talk to him about that.
tapdancing. on the. keyboard. :||:
uhh yeah she might be my favorite one lol
I am wondering what it is like to fly over a tornado? Might find out today.
get on girl!
W/stop
Im so glad you got a video! thank you!! & YES we need to see him again! Next time we're in PV I will definatley let you know!
Everybody is looking for somethin for someone 2 lean on 2 count on If u feel like u've got no1 Remember that they'll b home for the holidays
Wishing a successful race today in Vegas.
IT'S A HORRIBLE FEELING D:
"no you're not." "I smell like a duck."
it's low key dangerous
Keep a look out for our baseball fantasy games!
65% blind The Man behind the Shades video What I Love About America ,who will be the first to uncover the Story ?????
When it comes to education, it's extremely hard to sort the GOP from the Dems (e.g. DFER, Students First).
Successful prom night :)
Make sure you "CHECK IN" when you are here! You may just get a special treat!
Dexter Morgan is trending on twitter because of casey Anthony that's hardcore. Lol.
Lonely boy offered me a beer. I kindly said "Beer?? No thank you-That's what the cretins drink"
Big butt+ugly face+instagram+twitter= oh you think you model now?
...and what's your point? That has nothing to do with the injustice done to Martin by Zimmerman! **get it right!**
Skid Row's Sebastian Bach lost some stuff in Hurricane Irene. His KISS pinball machine floated away. Oops.
What you said was true. And definitely fill me in when you have a chance!
can't wait dude haha
Thanks. I'll check later to see if I see it. I appreciate it.
it was a very nice day today. Not the best facility when crowded like today though.
Say Something is obviously about me ... (;
Debian is hard to use. Just done environment configuration with Java, Eclipse and Lemur in Ubuntu...
ohh hahah well nvm then.. I'm dumb. Haha well I wish ya luck with everything bro
Jalani yells at me if i don't sing Rio with her
Just finished a photoshoot Westbank, with the Westlake Picayune. The gw boutique is on BeeCave across from Sprouts, stop by!
you are my idol and i love you so much. you've taught me to be fierce and confident. and even how to smize :) i hope you see this
getting ready for my cousin's bday party. U?
m your angelic face and your unique way of life and intelligence
RT : It would have been fun to have a Human Vs Machine throwdown with during #LSCon session. Would like to see that!
Listening to Pet Shop Boys "Where The Streets Have No Name." Gary said, "That town must be hell to drive in!"
you go girl! bringin' your happy vibes to san fran!
