and... I hadn't considered philosophical implications until i caught your tweet.
I'm about to pay 200 dollars to see Best investment ever :)
well, I meant in the actual theater. In front of my computer screen it is very gay.
what does that mean, apparently you're done tweeting? I didn't get to reply and make fun of you yet!
Are you a Carnevor?
Where is FS San Diego?? 18 just gives me the no channel there, 23 is MSNBC.
who wants a s/o in my 100th tweet? #kindofembarrassing I only have 96 tweets...
Watching One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Dang, Nicholson was FINE.
love you too and thanks!!!! : )
what are you watching?
Shit is stressful..
I'm so tired & I really wanna go back to sleep.
waking up with Diana Ross' It's My Turn stuck in my head is exactly how I feel today
My father wants to go zoobombing. He saw a video on the BBC website. I may have to go document this.
THANK YOU Jim! You do the same! see you soon!
“: I want all my cheeseheads to be my #valentines”... Cool & all.... But man up... mad props to you bro
now you two kiss. I'll take a picture.
Is anyone else having #Netflix issues this evening?
XLR8 Entertainment will be at Notre Dame HS tonight for Senior Night!!! Live entertainment for both JV and Varsity bball... pics to come!!
Reading/loving Kant's Critique of Judgment—so much better than flying through it under pressure in school.
how so?
Great idea! I'm off to spend the day w/grand kids. I'll get back to you!
So if a coach takes over a great team and keeps it great for a long time, he is not as successful as the coach who built it 1st?
if the #Sixers got a legit scorer this team could be dangerous...
Ottawa. A dence haze over the entire drive, which we've surmised to be the physical manifestation of boredom.
im just sittin here about to take some cough syrup and fall out lol
thanks for that first round pick, LA.
Elektricity night club tonight new venue in Pontiac, Michigan. Will be headlining! See you there!
no I don't.
Who's down for a Denny's run in hamburg?
Thanks! :D
If that was ur sister would u say something?
Another amazing Salsa Wednesdays here at Library #ABQ!
not true and definitely not appropriate
Amen to what you just retweeted! What are you studying lately to bring yourself closer to God?! Gotta keep that connection!
Yup so hit me up when you wanna go :) & yeah cause randee knows all the good spots.
Lawyers claim that their clients have been grossly mistreated, which is what criminal defense lawyers are paid to do
No problem ;> “: Dear , thanks for the follow beautiful #YOUNGSWAGSWAGESQUIRE”
Hope everyone had a great Halloween! I definitely enjoyed watching Hocus Pocus! Time to fret about tomorrow's presentation =(
BACK ROW OF OUR SECTION
thanks for the RT! have a great day!
Funny story about "Will It Blend" and the power of
Bulls guard Derrick Rose will have 8 to 12 months of rehab after tearing his ACL in the 1st round of the playoffs.
What other designers are headed down to #SXSW this year? We can be BFF's
RT this if you LOVED watching the Pacers kick the Heat's ass!
#single lady's are single cuz they ugly !
hey denna! The release of my video single, down, will be coming out august 20 at kellieluvella.tv u can hear a soundbite on my
YES. And this patron was too good to to use scratch paper as a protector.
and killed that performance on #TheVoice ~ Now where can I get a light-up grill? Lol
um that hashtag DOES NOT apply to me with either of you thanks!
Its been ugly but hanging in there.
what? The August regents of the University of Texas aren't interested in aiding and abetting?
We spent most of today getting things finalized for Social Media Day Phoenix! Expect updates and big news June 4th!
Lots of overlapping circles of people here at the Innovation Alliance meeting... A UN of Baltimore doers and thinkers
Watch likemind on BlogTV.com Friday morning, 3/28 - watch Twitter and Facebook for URL!
my babe put me on a strict diet for , if i eat sweets i dont get any sex! lmao <3
need developers, ah! go Philly tech for being so high in demand
play combat training mode. It's the online maps but against CPU. You can choose game and difficulty
what is your thoughts on air brush make up? Have you ever tried it?
Sure!! Chirpify is an app that you must register with first. It takes 1 minute and then you can buy music with 1 click
I Believe In Giving People Second Chances. After That We're Done.
Just got on set love my job shout out to Zac vona on set with me !!!
M yeah today was fun. Baseball, Big Hat Days, hookah, ps3, church, chipotle & now a little BBQ. Want a cinnamon bun right now tho
Awww. Your son's birthday party comes first! :) Happy B-day to him. :) My son is 6 and my daughter is 7. Survival rate 100%. :)
the new site looks great! Can't wait to use it to find some new #RVA spots
WordPress blog site.
That's awesome. Woot!
(Reoccurring nightmare) ME: "We have built an API you can use to /get all the info you need." THEM: "Hmm. Can't we just connect to your DB?"
shut your damn mouth. hey, i'm hungry <3 ;)
“: I wish Nokia still sponsored the Sugar Bowl.” +10000000000000
this was Saturday night. Last night....no blogging. Just love.
Snowing in Lincoln Square. Guess Christmas is just around the corner, like all the retailers keep telling me.
What is wrong when 90% of all elections are won by the candidate with the most money? I think campaign finances need a major fix, NOW.
I will forever be a mahomie!!
I want to be tired, i need sleeeepppppp!
Good point. Real estate has changed! RT Weird-90% of the tools I use for my business...I didn't even know about 3 years ago
smh u owe me for everything where do I start kmsl
We stand with victims of violence. We stand with victims of trafficking. And we work to make the industry safer and world less oppressive
i just smh everytime they get stuff wrong. dont even get me started on the teen magazines. holy mother i get fired up
I think you need to offer up your mug for our next round of domu advertisements.
We're going to have to challenge to a party-off!
its the F*ckin Car City?Hyundai Classic
One of our greatest philanthropy heroes has to be - a dedicated and generous supporter of so many great efforts!
I want to date a gryffindor quidditch player. :D
Time to set up WI solar booth at #WREF2012! Beautiful am in Denver
Cannot wait for Ptown
Today has been CRAZY
Oh, I had no doubt I wasn't alone.
Will someone tell me what website to put up all these statues that everyone keeps recycling
better but still makes me wanna slap a hoe lol
Just a quick factoid.. did you know that 106.7 KISS-FM is 100% commercial free every afternoon between 2-5p when you listen on iHeartRadio?
She probably hate me now smh i dont hate her no hard feelings at all
Hey Gov, if things got you down come stop by old sac & we will be happy to treat you & your staff a scoop :)
nope. Only when you tweet me to remind me to check email! ;) more soon...
Cuddletime is today at 11:30, bring your baby not yet walking and enjoy this amazing bonding and learning experience!
Wake Up In The Morning, Time To Make Some Money #WorkFlow ish I Aint Never Been Bummy!
Anyone have examples of films that they think didn't get a HARSH ENOUGH rating from the MPAA?
People wo are social online but not in real life <
Just read that Van Halen has postponed their Summer Tour, apparently feuding again.
my youtube channel: 42,091 video views WHAT
#ncce Dennis small WA Ed Tech Dir promises to cross-walk ed tech standards w/info. Lit. Standards. Amazing!!!!
I'm tweeting I'm tweeting! Woo.
Those are gooorrrgeous. AND RE:Juice? I LIVE DANGEROUSLY, ALRIGHT? XD
Jazz! Jazz!
think josh Gary will make the final roster for the U-23 team
RT : The day 3.5 million Twitter followers have been waiting for - she finally sent her 1st tweet.
Had a loong stern talk w/my girls ab life &boys..Im mama&daddy, so somebody gotta keep it real wit em.These boys AINT IN LOVE IN HIGH SCHOOL
check your dm bra
Hey girl, it kinda sorta looks like Crayola gang banged your face.
cont ..be thankful you can do it and have the skills to do it. via aka Pops That's a beast e-wave. Home Opener
He is definitely strange
I love cranberry juice
This morning God, You are speaking So LOUDLY! Thank You. I need that today.
" night roaming children" should be a band name!
Bet you didn't know: Liposuction gives you better control over where you gain weight in the future.
make-up/hair/style tutorial videos on youtube!
so far, all attempts look like stop-motion surveillance videos. Not pretty at all.
I don't understand how someone with the twitter name of "I eat pussy" has 15,000 followers
Hey thanks for the Follow! Make sure you check us out on Facebook as well! :)
did you get your banner yet?? For Saints Season?! www.worldchampionfans.com
Coyote Ugly Tonite! Featuring ,, and a special guest appearance by ...
where are you!
Waiting for Blues Clues to end so I can put the kids down for a nap!
so why do the #Wizards come out flat in every road game; still adjusting to the social scene with such a young team maybe?? Not enough
When that one special person makes your day with one text >
HELL NO! It will mock you if download it and then hear it IF the ' bad thing' happens. You can do right after SB
I'm not sure I'd it's Jeff trying too hard on the first track or Nels - but it is an interesting spin. Love it though. Cheers
thank you so much!
She aint messing with no broke nigga.
Launching fresh company this week - Marketing done properly (though spelt wrongly)
": I have the best girlfriend ever " Same to you, angel.
hrm... i guess I can make an exception for one or two
You know she bad when you about to hit another car because you looking at her
But tmw I've gotta conquer the AP stats exam and recital! Oh lawwwdy.
Nameless Sound Creative Kids BAND, Lucas Gorham, Manu Gonzalez, Jason Jackson & David Dove @ houstonartfet - HAA Stage - Sat. 27th 1pm
Alright. Where are you?
agreed. She's too much of a mess though let's be honest
must be nice to be a handsome man!
Nice! Happy National Grilled Cheese Day!
Woodburn High School fire upgraded to 4 alarms. Additional fire units coming in from other agencies
true, but there are better and worse aspects to emulate. That Campfield got a thrill should chill everyone.
I will unfollow u and follow him - will that help ?
... All I said was you lucky you straight! ;-P Rawr!
This Howard is either the weakest big man in the country or he's floppin all over the place and the refs are giving him the call
Must be that new sales guy they just promoted!
oh I see..
when do the all-caps come off now that it's not football season?
oh wow - your blog explains quite a lot about me...
RT : yeah tonight was fun lets do it again sometime ;) x x
Joao Plata from #Ecuador in for Toronto FC #MLS scores 2 goals tonight hope to see him more this year
And a huge series win over Arkansas for the Bat Cats tonight, the 2nd series won in Fayetteville in school history. GO BIG BLUE!
ha kidding ;)
preparing lots of lists - one pesky game element requires more thought. Looking forward to some cool graphics soon.
Good Luck.... many many luck
RT : RB Le'Ron McClain agreed to terms on a 3-year deal with the SD Chargers.
I LOVE that a few of my babies are following me & I'm following them! Family is not always blood. It's all love if you ask me! Love y'all :)
Wow I had a massive virus on my computer! Yuck!
YOU HAD ONE JOB. Just take the stupid pills and you'll feel better!!
Twitter is about to get so exhausting
It sounds like it's time to get another job!
What do you get if you cross a bee with a door bell?A hum dinger !
Your One Stop Shop For Financing And Realty Services...www.newbridgehomeloans.com
Where to ? I know all the spots RT : the more the merrier!!! ur invited too !
Lord help me to begin to begin - George Whitefield
2 vital skills of HR leaders: Analyzing & applying data; Supporting innovation & engagement via collaboration #HCM2012: tinyurl.com/7l7rpwt
eww twitters being dumb goodnight.
Any more screw ups today would be greatly appreciated. Way to go, Me. Make more work for yourself, Champ.
Even is upset by #BasketballWives RT : So disturbed by this episode.
why did you say that?
we're so glad you are excited for our Joseph event but Donny is ill & the event has been postponed. Check back for the new date.
There's a talking parrot outside the atrium #Pollywanttoshutthefuckup?
Do it!
What's with all the porn based off popular cartoons? Quit ruining my favorite shows! Do the creators like this crap??????
Hiding like Thieves in the Night from life illusions of oasis making you look twice
Thanks for reading!
Sharing #pictures on FB just got easier. Mark #Zuckerberg announces acqusition of
I WOULDA BEEN LIKE "OMG I LOVE HIS SONG GIVE ME LOVE" AND SHE WOULDA BEEN LIKE " LOL WHATS THAT ?" then i woulda slapped her
Probably a simple answer, but how can sounders announce Gspurning, yet can't announce their new DP until the Jan window?
hey man, want some of my wellbutrin?
No ticket no taco
#Comcast mail is down.
it was a great trip! I love meeting the graduates & hearing their amazing stories.
I use that hashtag all the time now just for you haha
I thought that was just for decorations!
haven't decided if im going to come home friday or saturday
Taken “ you can always find a pretty girl where the the fun's at”
I think I'm falling for her. :3
Off of work but so much to do.
Thx for the RT!! Hope you had a great weekend :-)
I'm averaging attending 1.5 basketball games per week.
Sorry for the delayed response. Thanks and Have a good day.
"I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue are the colors of freedom untill they are flashing behind you..."
where are you going for your birthday ?
memorized ALL my spanish vocab in 45 minutes YOLO
y u keep bringin up kim 2 me for? Dats teamminaj problem jus cuz someone dnt like her dey gotta automatically B a kim stan
#Atl Bound So Ready!!!!
Did I mention I LOVE weed...
just got back Boston long trip
Was chocolate involved?! :)
Mirror on the wall you my rise n fall
5 of your classes are already canceled... quit your complainin' #slacker and come to physics.
I wana get drunk to that level when I start loving everybody lol
RT : "Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality." ~ Warren Bennis
I will play the EPT side event that starts in 10 minutes. £ 10300 buy in and turbo! One (more) time, please!
Cleansing the house together
JUST FINISHED WATCHING 8 SECONDS YOU SHOULD KNOW HOW THAT GOES.....
“All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring.
My past is my past, it made me who I am, I have no regrets, wouldn't change a thing. I just don't live there anymore.
Hold Republicans in Congress to their promise of $100B in cuts THIS YEAR. No prorating to a lesser amount.
Who wants to win a coupon for a BOGO pita wrap? Just "Like" this post to enter. (1 winner will be chosen tonight!)
amen sista!!! Total insanity !!!! People like that needs to make disappear ;);)
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 345
#ThingsiloveToSee my little sisters happy because chris is over :)
that would be awesome. i know i'm getting old though when i don't know half the bands that get people fired up.
I 💚 you friend!
On the road to Antigo for doors.
Power is back on here in Santa Cruz. But I actually liked wearing an LED head light everywhere I went. Might still rock it...
Yikes, almost forgot I had to work today
good luck with that...! We're all fine thx.
I always want to be friends with the people that need shopping carts at the liquor store
You said send it but im wasting time?
Custom type + snarky type = match made in heaven
I aim to please
Hey Austin Mahoney is trending :D
You got it! Pharmaworks!
Just saw Soriano take a brutal route to a ball in the OF.
Thanks and R3NU3VA for the #FF Mentions
Have a good show Louie!
For the Knicks to win this game ... They need to take care of Lebron & Dwayne and Carmelo + The others need to have a consistent game.
I have to do that too. I get distracted sometimes. I just hate homework. :/
is someone just going through and trying to rip your entire db?
"You are what you are today, because of the decisions and the choices you made yesterday."
#7DAYS #7DAYS I LOVE YOU #fangirling follow me :) :D
It's not often you see a guy named "Bubba" crying.
The new songs we are working on are sounding freaking radical. Get stoked people!
new to the menu tonight: chicken wings with celery root remoulade and bentons ham, whitefish brandade, mushroom/dandelion/fresh cheese tart.
Sad! After 244 years the Encyclopedia Britannica is no longer printing. It was my go to for school homework when I was growing up.
Hurd that
I would say prepping for discussion by reading for homework and discussion in class is flipping the classroom.
Bay Area teachers there is an session 3/3/12 in San Mateo, CA @ the CMSESMC STEM Conference. Join us!
delicious!!!! i need one of those right now
Has God given you the right to judge? Why do you waist energy on others rights to how they live.
that's awful, poor dog!
No problem, if you really want I can always get it for you even if it is a discontinued one ;)
I don't WANT. I NEED. I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it. I WISH I could just buy it already 9
First day of PT, learning to walk again after 6 weeks post Achilles surgery. Ahh relief.
so sad about Orange loss but I think I will root for Badgers now.
Music is my therapy. i dont sleep. i jus listen 2 music, Write, Rocks shows and record...
Who's interested in buying any signed football/baseball cards? Also have a bunch of jersey cards too
that only means one thing: Ron Paul should join Swamp People.
Imy too my love
Fight #redsox #orioles. The pitcher #gregg doesn't get three tries to bean
howdy Miss Ami ma'am!
Excellent answer!
I Had So Much Fun Last Night At The Halo Awards ! :D <3
Really? The Sitka librarians are all excited about a Zuil Bailey sighting in the lounge this morning. Cuter than Estrada
cant wait to see you in LA...flying from Seattle just to see you!
hahaha what is he replies to "I have a gf but if i didnt i would." i would freak out & be like OMFG. ALEX LOVES AFRA.
I should have a weather bomb. Oh, the adventures I would have.........
and likes it.
oh word?
depends yo! The dude who did ours is super dope! Like a tatoo artist hes the best charges the most ya dig ca him
Where are you from?
Happy New Year!!!
sometimes i get a little dissapointed at the fact i can't find many people who #DontSMokeWeed and i dont want to start.
Demand for residential living in #Carmel Midtown is high. is 100% occupied with talking phase II
Cleaning cycle over. On to making split pea soup for dinner!
excuses nigga!!! Lol my recycle is on the way and I have to get more too. P.S. errbody does Yo mama jokes
Thanku ! Youre VERY admired too. BLESSED day ALL
My sons birth photos
I wish chick fil a delivered
I really enjoyed your speech last night.
A fun day, but a long one.
Haha, is this about the thread from yesterday?
can u get people to follow me pls so i can follow people bak ill do the same:)
My mom <3
Live music is an experience! Text THESTAGE to 42828 to get on the list.
Hello followers, it seems my Twitter account has been hacked. Please ignore any DMs from me! I have contacted Twitter about the issue.
Dr. Hansen to blue tail flap: "It kind of hurt me and (trainer) Mike's (Maker) relationship. We're going to have to talk it out."
Both sections of 307 will take place tomorrow. The 2 p.m. class is excused for the #walk-out IF you take a twitpic of yourself in Madison.
LOL... I might be the later and am just now figuring it out.
Turn it up, heat it up, I need to be entertained.
thanks so much for following tim:)
"this is my apocalypse dick!"
Ah. I see your situation. Great site-I've bookmarked it for further perusal.
Stop trying to keep up with ____. Stop chasing fads so the heauxs will think you're cute. Do what makes YOU happy. Fuck everything else.
Congrats to for 10K Twitter milestone. Thanks for all of your valuable contributions. I reference your work often.
Good morning, Tweetpeeps! It's a new day! Start it how ever you wish... just start it on a good note! Luv you all!
Happy birthday, you!
i DM'd you back!
RT : Thank you Rosa Parks for ensuring transit is for EVERYONE 55 years ago today!
I am going to start watching tonight.
When u fall asleep in class and the bell rings...everyone is gone..they lefted u sleep in class <<<<<
An ominous day to visit Yad Vashem (the holocaust museum). It's foggy and pouring rain. What a beautiful location tho on top of Mt Herzl
Everyone loves to create words by replacing the letter "S" with the letter "Z". Thought of doing the reverse... but realized I'd be British.
In 10 days, I'll be on the beach in Vietnam.
chicken or the egg?
“: Want to turn a ho into a housewife? That only works in Scrabble” lol wow
Falling asleep to #meangirls for the second night in a row isn't a crime right?
In honor of #EarthDay this weekend, check out for awesome Eco-friendly yoga mats!
Thank you Tall Mountain!
yeah. life's funny!
Aww que cute I just saw a guy my age home hand with his mom at the mall c:
The rain has cleared. My car is fixed. Another evening with visiting #family. Life is great.
ATTENTION TWITTER: Please refrain from making Sam Hurd/ "The Wire" jokes. I have never seen that show and I don't get the jokes. Thanks
want to sleep but can't
"We're like the Sopranos in a pick up truck."
Of course Hamels defended baseballs history. Harper was a threat to Coles personal website online store
you got better pics of her than google wtf lol
did you read the earlier piece on his recruitment? It is the shadiest of shady situations with a recruit. Financial planners & travel
Wicked flashback...I was Chuck E. Cheese! First job (pizza maker) at 16 (a few yrs ago...lol), had to fill in and be the rat...
Steve Kerr called it.. That layup got Harrington going..
Sometimes I doubt your commitment to Sparkle Motion.
Home from Europe...amazing week, wish it wasnt over! Good times <3
Hmm...a google search for "how to process archival architecture collections" turns up links to our blog. Sweet, but unhelpful at the moment.
do you go to school
Nice of u to offer but, no thanks. Did you see the text I sent you about the kid that looks just like jakeeyp?
My gosh, I have so much to do today it's important I focu---Call of Duty ............ oh, crap.
#FF some great people for information
Those are Record of the Year nominees? As a voting member of the Academy, I'm, well, sort-of ashamed. Except for Cee-Lo. And Lady Antebellum
sitting front row with for for the 3rd year in a row at the Pabst Theater. sadly, no comic book delivery this yr.
I want to haz!
Be positive if you want positive results!
Looking at recipes on Pintrest that I will never make because I don't cook.
ahahaha oh wow, thanks x)
Thanks for the follow!
may be spring but it feels like summer!
The faster Halloween approaches without any real inspiration, the closer I am to making an appearance as a member of the former USSR.
RT GOD is good and he's good ALL the time!
I just heard from Stasha that they're meeting for AM today also
That pic is #swag bro lmao omg cant stop lawling
My baby nephew fell asleep on me and I accidentally dropped my phone on his head while I was texting. Lmao! It's cool tho he's fine
dont be #mad everything happens for a reason..............
That awesome feeling when you are on vacation away from work and technology.
being nice to trust me there take advantage of that shyt not give a fuk
Bex: I want my own trailer Rick: you can have the front seat of andrew's Honda civic
Career Expo Tip: view open jobs on company web sites before the event to make the best use of your time with the recruiters
#AmazingSwifties will forever and always love <13
Are you wearing your #SPF today?
Would like to talk to you about getting you involved in Bowling For Boobies 2012. Contact? Thank you for your past support!
- Can't wait for the mac n cheese, and all the other delicious food you've been so kind to donate, cook and deliver!
April Fool's Day Pub Crawl in Pacific Beach...www.eDrinkit.com ONLY $10!
I hate straight hair. Too much work.
I learned everything I ever needed to know about storm watching and allergies from strangers in the men's room today.
Small biz creates nearly all net new jobs. How about a huge pool ($200B) for 100% guarant. loans to startups and micro/small biz?
you gotta let me know how that concert went brah.
Great freakin' day :)
What do you love about Cleveland and the surrounding area?
cast iron is major deal breaker for me on inductions.Plus cookware limitations..Fast cooking can be on 20k burner
Still working on it. We'll let you know when we're ready to open our doors!
CAN YOU PLEASE TELL ME WHERE I CAN FIND THE SHOT CALLER REMIX?!
Since it includes in it, it also shows up in 's "mentions" or "Connect" feed.
Just a quick reminder that tomorrow I will be at the Sun Prairie Taste of the Arts Fair, Sheehan Park, 1351 Linnerud Drive, Sun Prairie, WI.
double rainbow! What does it mean?
I tip my hat to for doing the unpopular thing and backing up Roger Goddell.
i'm a lifelong roadie who's so jealous of mtber's lines. wish i had their skills. mucho respect. i'll try again next week
why is there no newss story every time a level 3 sex offender moves in to my N Mpls neighborhood?
I want to make a million like 50 times over.
Did u watch the #vegan Extreme Couponing episode? Had to watch but still seems like hoarding to me. At least some donate their freebies.
Wow, what an awful dream.
Challenge: Each day when u wake up come up w/ 3 things u will do TODAY that will get u closer 2 your dream.
#Drupa Report Daily names Aleyant's Pressero #w2p storefront system and Interactive Designer iPad app a show "Hot Spot". Booth 7 0B04
I've missed people measuring temperature in Celsius and cold rainy nights #home :)
I should specify that the "swindle" in question was adjudicated in civil rather than criminal court.
That's unfortunate. I've only heard the lead single so far, but I'm anxious to hear more of the album.
GM Pres adding #Mpglutamine to my #bizzydiet stack when is best time to take??
Damn my toes fucked up
Pain is temporary, love is forever; don't make it the other way around
was just inducted into the A Team captain hall of fame my responsibilities are now to select cpt's for the nite
Good game for the smyrna stars @ The AAU hoop-fest in Louisville
you are welcome RT : thank you for the follow
School got canceled for a TERNADER (tornado) wooht(:
WHO ARE YOU
47 in Ct yesterday. 12 in Roc this AM. 62 by weds. Wtf is with the weather? Is it time for SXSW yet?
HOW DOE
yup, it will be a bit not with them at the moment!
So are you all decked up for today's game of and at the United Center?
Country Music Singer Lee Brice talks with Cherish - WALA-TV FOX10
hahaha I love me some you...
yeah I just liked it on FB and it actually is good :) thanks for doing that we seriously are destroying our environment
hell no.
thanks! hopefully my bf will be back by then :)
Sometimes in those dark nights of the soul comes the light.
i...need you to see me this is so hard.... Please #tweetmecody ...
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.
Really? You want to clear things up 5 yrs later?!
I have a post earth day hangover, keep barfing up corrugated cardboard!
#BoringMovies Sucker Punch
having Mrs. Flores next year. Is she nice???
"It's such an interesting world. It wouldn't be half so interesting if we know all about everything... There'd be no scope for imagination."
Hate Sleeping Alone cause I'll stay up all night on Twitter, Facebook, and my website. Smh
Can the soul ever kill porn?
Welcome to Seattle it rains here more then any where else always soppy this time of year.
go get a good run or 2 this weekend and do ALOT of Abbs !!
Thanks for stopping!
My child asks for toast every morn and then spends an hour nibbling the bread into shapes. Aren't loitering customers supposed to tip well?
Thank you kindly!
the apartment expo at the boston convention center!! :)
yup, I'm one of those who likes it cooler. Thursday will be ideal.
i think u knoo..lOll
Damn hurt. I got a Saturday for not going to the office. And Kyle got it with you man fuck that bitch.
Phenomenal #AmericanIdol. So happy with the final two. Joshua is great but not as many people can relate to his music. Go Phillip!
"Are you my Mother?" is a great book to read today! Happy mom's day!
Ozil ties it for Madrid! 1-1 at Allianz in Munich
On a lighter note, Happy Mother's Day to my mama and all the other mama's out there. We appreciate you more than you know.
you should tweet about this band called ! :) you'd love them!
Thank you! Beasties on the headphones and kittens is helping.
One of the things the story does not discuss is the high fertility rates among Hispanics.
The power of creation is in ur hand destruction in d other. which do u choose?
Hey Whats up? :D
the other studio is in the west end on Cox Rd.
1MR discontinued! It will be missed... Until then, I'm stocking up!
Good morning #fort Wayne Indiana
Thanks for the follow Shawn!
Check out the Carnegie Science Center for fun Groundhog Day activities tomorrow including "Tornado Alley," a shadow catcher & more!
thank u for following me :)
I'm going to nose dive straight into the gutter.
I sure try to make it fun. It's too nice outside to stay indoors. The house is also too messy.
A painter paints pictures on canvas. But musicians paint their pictures on silence.
thank you for the info :)
I only have one month left in my lease, can't decide whether to rent or buy. Any thoughts people? Also, townhouse vs. condo?
PETITIONS PETITIONS PETITIONS!
I'm not saying she's fat , I'm just saying her nail polish is cheeto dust..
is lil wayne wearing spongebob slippers??
No car tonight. Fuck
Hello guys great show
Lost respect for with the upcoming Salahi/Journey gossip interview. Step it up Today, you're letting me down.
Should've thought of something cool like a new song or an album cover reveal for when we hit 200. Might have to think up something quick.
Failure is a part of life. If you don't fail, you don't learn. If you don't learn, you don't change.
I guess you can call it that. Somewhere between that and dissecting the most vital issue of our time. Somewhere... :)
RT finally got it from redbox and loved
Did you have a good April Fools joke played on you?
yea but you all know im a kindhearted person and i try and see the best out of people but you're right and i should've known
R Ugonna be at the G Awards this eve? #peoplewannaknow <3frGA
If you contribute by creating things, you're contributing to the creation of a culture as well.
There's still time to reserve your FREE tickets to tonight's Daddy-Daughter Dance at Faith Community Church. The memories are...
The only problem is that we're both kind of shy xD
It is excellent, easy to understand and full of color, said former Member of Parliament Mr Gangsin Seongil. 10% off coupon code SHENYUNFANS
Some FINE ASS BROS @ SCARLET!!!
Bought to eat steak burgers...yummy!!(in my ace ventura voice!)
Just burned the top of my mouth on molten hot pizza. ugh.
Hold the vote #Idol. Phillip broke out some DMB and, though a lesser known song, killed it. He's a bad ass.
I will :) but only if I can have you all to myself ;)
Don't bother about unsustainable communism. That's history, even for China. #WIunion knows it's Democracy that scares you.
if i strike out from them, then u.. but i'll try them first. thanks so much.
Do you guys like free stuff? Should we get on that again today?
If she's talking shit about my #Steelers, tell her I'm done with her too!
primero es Por y no pot.. And it's notorious.. You a newtonite u not ready for all that
Yay! is now on Twitter! 90 and still fly, moving wit the times. Go ahead Betty! =)
Anyways...just texted someone saying AH. They have no idea what it means.
Hey Patrick, I never heard. Is my story up yet on xenith? It's g. martinez cabrera, btw
if that happens, you get the biggest gold star ever.
i love you to much to get you outta mine but you wont like me im ugly really ugly im 13 and ugly tht will work
Elementary student displays native like Spanish skills and asks the BOS, "Please don't get rid of the FLES program."
lmao naw I'm talking about black ppl cornbread lol
There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.-- Anas Nin
LOL u spelled my username wrong XD and....woah... Never trust him with a sharpie...
Hey Dylan <3
whoa, I got a headache too D:
Going back to school. That was a pretty bad ass feild trip. I loved da. Monkeys:)
Somebody start a game with me on Draw Something! ChazzyFizzle - user name
this was the very first page, not where the story line ends.
GNR Tracker...hm interesting. I'll check here 1st. will keep u posted. btw watching argentina 93 last show...kinda sad
See this is why I can't be getting down with her on a week night, I'm tired as hell.
I liked Elise. However I'm not surprised she's going home.
Choice emotion that fits scene, if it fits or not.
girls with bangs like yours never win. Sorry the world isn't sorry.
PTP thursdays tomorrow night calling out all COLLEGE STUDENTS!
pics r up ;D
yeah, the limited edition ones. What size you need??
It's beautiful and so is your husbands poem, 'Dwelling', so you put your house/shop on display each Sunday? It appears that.
whats your major
We'll be rolling later today, if you got a spot you wanna see us - twwet Us!
thanks for the follow!
At mechanic and stuck w/ Maury on TV. God help us. Plz make it stop! I just want to read!
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 8
Kacie B's grandpa has a football field named after him. Will she throw herself off the bleachers when she doesn't get a rose?
nice that's pretty cool... I'll check that out
The kindle will rock your world! Enjoy...I thoroughly heart mine.
Yay! Glad to have you on board! What'd you pick up?
Guess we in 2 different time zones
Apparently John Green is a Baby-Sitters Club fan.
People Who Act Single When They So Call Suppose To Be Inlove<<<<<<<<<
BACK TO DENVER WE GO!
NYSED says - Quality rating of SLO are not a factor in the score or outcome of SLO HEDI rating
Lmao. FRITA! I can't sleep ):
I love all the people who are calling about 1099Rs today. At least they're not waiting til the last minute like the people who call tomorrow
what's going on sum random chic lol
i just broke the thing that puts internet on my computer, ihml -.-
that's so true, our best friends have a Rottie and he is just amazing, and so adorable!
RT : billy norwich interviewing tim tebow: our heads are exploding a little
let me know for sure when you will be there..text me if you can remember...oh my Katie Bug is growing up ; (
These days, I'd rather read the article than watch the report.
heyy,, I HOPE YOU FOLLOW:)
ok I did your! xx
RT RT : #OccupyWallStreet Does this image remind anyone of a certain square in a country that overthrew its dictator?
Perhaps the next one....we have several more planned.
(: i think so too.
I do now itz cuz i thought something happen thtz y i asked
Following you. And Happy New Years too you too(:
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. Winston Churchill
1st CITIZEN: This Caesar was a tyrant.
thought that was pretty cheesy
Money Saving Tip #43: Ask for help and encouragement from your inner circle.
Uhh, you've never heard of Happy Hour?
I love catching my girls getting along & playing, when I walk by their room, unnoticed...it's at that point I usually yell & scare them ;)
RT : Everyone in the industry is trying to put out good stuff. Nobody makes a comic book bad on purpose. Unless they're evil.
My favorite Indian proverb is: "Finders keepers, losers weepers."
Wait, what? Barack wants to know what Facetiousness means. It was too long to fit on the teleprompter.
How would one go around getting to spend a day with you? Would you do it if it was their birthday? Maybe?
Watching the 2011 Oakley world Pro junior live
New level of brainless: stepping into shower with socks on.
A certain "media" company with their national contesting is making the CHR chart as legit as a Lindsay Lohan Anti Drug PSA..... #good work.
Same paranoid then yells at another man for same thing. The man then gets in her face and I had to get in the middle. All in the 1st hour!
And worst feeling after
We would like to take a moment to remember those lives lost in Pearl Harbor in 70yrs ago today. You are not forgotten. Gods bless 🇺🇸
Miami Dolphins quarterback David Garrard unfiltered at voluntary veteran minicamp
yeah or the fact that I'm falling asleep!
New Yorker article on #drones ends on an puzzling note, with a blend of awe & horror regarding birds & insects—& their nano-simulators.
Bwahahahaha >:D I'm Cupid!
So true RT : Marketing today is about the width of your brain not your budget.
SOMEONE TELL ME HOW TO FEEL ABOUT THIS
thank you!
No, please send an email w/ your information to
No need for panic, it's just a Lego Ninja, whew :)
Kobe went off last night looked he liked Kobe of younger
hey go follow and check out www.brandforbands.com Look at the store n lemme know what u think
“: I'm craving oysters..." We have 10 varieties on the Ice tonight with your name on em :) Come see us!
yeah u do :) it's such a good movie!!! And be sure to see it in 3D IMAX!!! It's the only way to see this movie!!!
New Rule, Directioners: If the boys are seen with girls, don't ever send them hate. imagine how you would feel. so STOP,-
Lmao, this funny bc im soo high
All I wanna do is lay down in this bed and text you
Good luck tomorrow, #earthday celebrations in the #Methow Valley. Wish we were there!
did you get a new gig?
hey<3 okay now it's been a few days so WHAT'S MY NAME!!!?????
You have Netflix Instant? The Classic Albums-- Rumors thing is worth it if you haven't seen.
you are welcome
Bank Owned in Las Vegas / Bunch of Potential !!!! - Las Vegas NV / South West 702-518-6567
This class <
lol yea you right (:
Blazing Tongues: Johnny Hartman and Ralph Ellison 5/11 I perform and Tamara directed me.
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
Like that you're in SF to see it!
Check out an #OpenHouse when looking for great new colors for your home.
Going to see American Reunion with ! I remember sneaking into the first one at the drive in haha
Even in UFC mode, picked up2great drills to help us be even better next year. 1 last night & 1 today. Never stop workin, never stop learning
what! Roof top that
Watching. Have they came out with the #22 jersey
has gone on the record in support of marriage equality.
Movie in Spanish Class >>>>>>
fantastic interview with today, good to hear about his life rather than all the standard twitter talk we know.
How did i wake up?
I just want something/someone awesome and different to come along.
i love it. do u like mines?
I'm your first follower! heh!
10 meals for $5.99 or less when you order on BrewCityBites!
Happy #FF everyone. If you wish to be tweeted in our FF lists just send us a direct message! Especially if you're a #smallbiz like us!
There's a lot of BS on my TL today...😒
Happy Birthday, from all of us, to a very cool #SD chica,
Patience can be painful at times.
im constantly checking my twitter. i think im obsessed.
Yes, at 4:55am. That's why I wasn't sure if you wanted to do it on the 19th.
Hey Mike, sorry about the emails. Can you forward me an email you received so I can look into it. vreeland [at] yext [dot] com
Every time I see it in the mirror, it seems to have new shapes.
If music be the food of love, play on Much Ado About Nothing - Act 2, Scene 1
Thank you Casey :) Love youu! <3 hehe i put it on fb and tumblr :P hopefully awesome ppl watch it :'D
Where do you stay when you go down there?
Tune in this weekend to see our critics choose their 5 best movies of the year so far! What movies do you think top their lists?
External Auditor tells #atxcouncil Audit and Finance Committee that #atxgov gets clean opinion in annual audit of books
Just saw Mummies of the World at CA Science Center. Closes on the 28th and is rad so go this weekend.
Nah he came home for Mothers day.
Hoan closing made for an hour long commute. I hope the guy on the motorcycle is ok but the dude on 43 that weaves thru traffic can eff off.
Third most common error. Showing a bad slide as an example. Not much graphics small, no color
Nothing like a small medical emergency to make it clear how weak our healthcare in this country is. Especially dental.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 33
RT : The food always tastes and smells so good :) Thank You Tiff!
Marc Borde and Nicole Saxton, playing tonight at Te!
Lol. You were raised up right. :)
It was great meeting you yesterday! Welcome to Twitter!
Do you have or know of any aqw flash tutorials? I find Dage's speed-draws very difficult to follow
I'd settle for tires being self-inflating.
Red Epic operating guide Http://red.cachefly.net/EPIC_ops.pdf
I couldn't tell when or who was the last girl I dated that went to my school when I started dating them.
Not "tourism enhancement" just interesting information that many people appreciate.
Its next week lol RT : Happy Mothers Day to all my beautiful mothers out there
Thanks for posting the tweets on the current play list. I tune in often because of it. Bill
I wonder who it was that designed the header for the new ACCESS enews...
Went to the Las Vegas Sevens Rugby Tournament today, it was pretty badass... Closest thing to football now that the NFL season is over!
where the fuck you was at when the fat bitch jumped on me
The weather dictates it will be slow at work tonight. Fingers crossed I get cut early!
That was fun, wasn't it!? Can't wait to work together again soon! Much Love to you!
Who is this guy?
You now have a new fan!! You have an awesome series. Its a must see. Perfect music by the way. Congrats!!
I know I love her!!
As #Caps Game 7 awaits, feeling mostly numb heading for the gallows, but still holding out hope for a royal (Czarist?) pardon.
Important things from kids: Save a place in line for your friends.
I've got soo much to tell you lol
Picked up entire troop's Girl Scout cookie order this morning. Van was completely full. Cookie party at our house today!
Good morning!! Coffee time!
Guess we forget how it feels to live outside the echo chamber.
Back to the grind.....is everybody ready?
Just kidding it does.
Right! RT : #scip2012 Did SWOT Analysis kill Competitive Intelligence? In fact everytime I hear SWOT has to do a shot
Cant wait to see how the next year of softball turns out.
I don't get it.
I need a night out with my girls!
too funny!
And when they catch us we gon get the biggest charge
#ff We're also into documenting city streets. Our maps reach the level of typographic and architectural detail...
i need it. to get my scholarship to a catholic school
Jody is at church yeah!!!
yes see you at 3
Who wants to crash the media line with me tomorrow at #whcd? I really want to see some celebs!
Thank you so very much & I am happy to talk about him to anyone that is interested. He really DID go to EMORY for example! :)
My chemistry teacher is singing young wild and free.
Hello from Portland, my old friend! Hope the news in Charlotte is treating you well this Monday
The biggest mistake I have made in my life is letting people stay in my life far longer than they deserve
Senior Celebration was freaking AWESOME!!xD
or at least that's what happens to me when I go to school w/a sticker on my butt.. Everyday -.- little sisters suck.
One thing for sure I do hop Thibs let play more!
spinning records tonight w/ and a few other friends. 2101 Lincoln. 8pm to close. join us there for a beer!
Terrific- lots of speaking, coaching and consulting. Loving life and so grateful
Three year old Anya turns to her father "can I have a snake dad?"
thank you! :)
My values, our values, aren't about pointing fingers. They are about offering a helping hand. ~Kathleen Blanco
Ahh i think i remember were you in grey?
Follow us and get free essay samples!
Totally needed you Tap in the first half.
Calipari signed an extension, praise Jesus
Thanks everyone , hope you are having a rockin day , happy new year and a blessed 2012 !
make sure you give credit with credit is deserved.that's thank ya very much. #whatayagonnado after every tweet (:
Just finished the last rewrite of my novel I plan on, until an editor says otherwise. Final count: 101k words, hopefully the right ones.
ok!! Thanks!! Btw, what's your name? :)
Stop by for a frapp in our lobby! RT Going to Albuquerque for like the the fifth time this month. We should just move there.
On the radio
I just wana take things slow ...
I see that I am way late and you already got the info on #readathon. Already on Book 2. I'm
I was trying for like 37349383 minutes and it wasn't working one of my friends got them so now I'm mad
19 Days!!! Ready to be home!
are you stalling my car repeatedly? Should you be driving the automatic? ;P
it would be nice if they expanded, but I like it the way it is too!
bout to put sum'n in tha air wit da homie z though
I have my first final on the 18th and the last one on the 21st then I am done!
thanks for the smile during your warmup last night :) good luck on the rest of your season!
Yet again Burger King has let me down
#student U.S. offers loans for Maine wind farm
Watch out Louisville!!! Here we come......
Today is national sami day oh yea!!! Lol
ow, i just got sucker punched on the lip
It's been too long for Rogers customers. ;)
**BANDS! contact me for SHOWS and INTERVIEWS**
If you could have any drink right now, what would it be?
Let's get this going! We are filling up fast! Get down here the breeze feels great
Loving' this weather. Blue skies. :) I think I need to get a hammock, yep, that sounds good!
All the scatters came...wearing sombreros
RT The article on noGOODdeed practically wrote itself Not at all like the production process, I'm sure.
When I talk about male survivors, there are a bunch of people rushing to tell me how female survivors always have it worse.
goin down ta south park gonna leave my woes behind
so is sparky having a breaking news call in show lol
We are living proof that humanity has the right to choose.
burned 322 calories doing 40 minutes of "Bicycling, 12-14 mph, moderate (cycling, biking, bike riding)"
Hello there good sir - if First Mind could use some fresh gear let us know - we got you
Where did the day go!?!
he was like rapping when he was supposed to sing like "so tell me what so give me a chance!" :P
and then I'm reminded of the Simpsons when rodney dangerfield is Mr. Burns' son and they end the show the same way.
Okay, Finally watched #VampireDiaries .. I cried, then screamed.. Oh gosh.
My last tweet confirms my opinion that Americans don't want Mexicans to work AND don't want to do the work themselves.
“: i wish people listened to the music i do life would be great” such as?
RT : The Secret Service is the greatest law enforcement agency but can't sneak a hooker out of a hotel?
Why in the H-E-double hockey sticks am I not at #Berlin9 ? I want to marry you.
Found more nitrate negatives. Nitrate will forever remind me of that scene in the Tarantino film, Inglourious Basterds.
UVA is purple like Northwestern? What?! And Duke should be no better than #11. At least Maryland scores interesting pts, IMO.
You're not Charles Dickens, you don't get paid by the word.
We have similar color scheme.
My new addiction: productivity.
About to head out for a meeting The Miltown Beatdown is gonna be sick this year.
Thanks OKC for a great weekend had buses all over the metro! 1 party bus available for this Fri. night, so call to secure your rez! 447.2446
Delighted new SD61 is almost the same as SD60. Look forward to reelection-making campaign about movement for social & economic justice.
cardboard cut out rules!
qhich leads to me doing nothing but feeling fat in the dark because the lightbulbs blew out in my room....
not having kids is a joy you have to experience to understand
#NowPlaying –Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Bassjackers - Mush Mush - (Original Mix)
Who's tryna go????
Week 1 being a vegan was tough. I need easy high protein recipes since I'm lifting weights.
RT : The phonetic spelling of "phonetic" is "fa-net-ik." This is also the definition of "ironic."
My knee is so swollen. Holy crap.
Up early, exercise and electronic-oriented work done. Looking forward to a nice quiet day in a library carrel with no internet connection.
“WHAT I LOVE ABOUT AMERICA” 2009-10 tour and the celebrity guests that will be participating, TIME FOR CHANGE CD www.rickeyleewatson.com
concert tickets>anything
Thanks for the mentions, RTs, & support
Auction ending for some great purses tonight. Also have some great crystal figurines. bit.ly/o4xaMX
"Real Heroes don't wear capes, Heroes wear Dog Tags!"
RT DjBiggBoss66: jimmyderosa i drink beer out of mugs
Cats don't have perspective, they have purrrrspective
backbone.js :D
RIP LeBron. Shit was real real. and the degen crew
nothing like having your whole building shake. Scarey!!!
Buy it / use it / break it / fix it / trash it / change it / mail-upgrade it
So glad I don't have to wake up at 6:30 to go to school for the next two and a half months.
Being Southern means never having to say I didn't know you could fry that
Is that a 2001 A space odyssey joke?
Just ordered a Pickle Fucker at the Bellagio.
it's the Shepards Pie hyun!
Got it down, three hot trax recorded!!!
RT : You have to believe in who you are, what you are doing & building. There will always be people trying to bring you down.
tell Allison she made Sofia's day this morning when she said she looked like a tulip. Still talking about it.
really? Cool! Maybe we'll we have to get home until our taxes :-(
So this police dog seemed to have smelled something fishy from a quarter mile away from me...he started barking at me. Lol
“: Herman Cain: "There were 2 reasons I dropped out of the race: Gutter politics and No. 2 I chose to put family 1st."” REALLY?
this year, I just tell people that I thank Jesus for teaching me how to raise hell!! LOL
I mean, Ford having Steve Harvey push their booth/products before Beyonce hit the stage was a little awkward .
bro i had some and a dog chewed them up ;( i was SO mad
where was i
That nap was needed
Dmac, loved the updates from Dallas this week. Welcome back.
I want one!
RT : q3) Im going to say what just said SEO and OOP = Optimized search against structured content
The breakfast slimes, angel food cake, doughnuts and coffee, white bread and gravy cannot build an enduring nation.
OH Amazon... you finally sucked me into Prime. This will not end well.
I'm so tired I could sleep for rest.
blame it on baby-brain. ;)
feel like I have 5 different things going on and it all has to deal with social media and emails and open documents. One busy LADYBUG!
Google Reader
Sometimes I whisper, "I'm on your side" to the computers, just in case they ever succeed in taking over the world....
An action without an intention would be like a body without a soul. ~ Gabrielle Bossis
have you seen the director's cut? I haven't but heard it was good.
Happiness is when what you THINK, what you SAY, and what you DO are in harmony.
You can do all things through God who strengthens you!!!
Damn I wish tattoos weren't so expensive
Congrats to our friends on raising 850K at your signature "Grace Notes" Gala last Saturday!!
RT : Welcome to Twitterville: Official acct for #Spokane Mayor Verner's re-election effort. She's hip & green!
Can't wait for this year to end...never want another like it
looking forward to the new scenes going up in class tomorrow!
Time go by faster when your not doing any work and your having fun...salty bout to go right back to class bt I'll be out real soon
I'm about to give up on typing today. Good lord lol
Norquist on budget compromise: It's nonsense; won't happen; doesn't need to happen // this guy controls 98% of House and 85% of Senate GOP.
Truth, though I've rarely felt like he was wasting my time. Least favorites: nextwave, Dr. Sleepless, and SVK was disappointing
na u might not have
Not even getting involved with anyone until' I get home from florida
the bus is late and we have a new driver today.. how lovely. i'm about to just go home.
Loving me some editor. Clean UI and has a live preview. Nice! Check your goodies bag attendees. USB delight.
I am a waitress you fuck face! And I got a thousand in a month so fuck you. Haha
okay good, i felt terrible. and i want to bring you something
Thanks for watching!
If U BIG & STANKY At Least Have Some Clean Clothes On, How U Gone Have Dirty Shit On & Smell Like A Damn Ocean Full Of Fish. Go Wash Yo Ass!
I think I'll have more confidence - or care less? - at 25 years. 'Cause 10 was too recently and too embarrassing...
Obama calls for support for the same kind of research that led to the internet. Al Gore clears his throat...
lol I love you Mary! So funny! I can't wait to live with you this summaaaaaa!!!!! :)
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Wishing they'd been accepted to VU so their lives wouldn't have turned out meaningless.
Thanks for the RT!
When he's 2 years younger than you it matters lol. RT ": age aint nothing but a numbaaaaaa lol"
see you on monday? :D
It feels oh so good to know that we are not going to be putting Jeff Suppan on the field this post season! Go Brewers!
we still expect to be compensated somehow as this went on for about 4 months I think Too long to get this new Tv working right
I was gonna wait til the 20th to tell you but I'm going camping.. Congratulations on the 4 years! Your very strong!
answer your phone!!
Thanks so much for coming on the tour last night!
Someone remind me why I work in retail...
A lot of irons in the furnace, and I ain't talkin' Minecraft.
It is done
Lol! Be sure to top it off with crab juice.
and all I can thinks is 'why'.
Study: REITs With Female Board Members Garner Materially Higher Returns - Citybizlist Real Estate
Okay, still working on Telenovela. back to the coal mine.
EMPHAMOUS B LIVE IN CONCERT FRI. APRIL 27TH AT THE TOC BAR DOWNTOWN HOUSTON LADIES FREE TILL 10:30 COME CHECK ME OUT LIVE!!LET'S GET IT IN
are you redecorating?
pouring drinks and drowning in other peoples drama. The usual... U?
Im trying to light one doe
At Clovis's Colonial Golf Course, local man Weldon Killough hit a hole-in-one at the course's eight hole. Four others saw it happen.
head ass lol
Special bottle pricing on Friday!!! Celebrating something special? Why not with us :)
agreed however several friends have then and attest to their goodness
Thanks to Google for making the world aware of what Sopa is and what it does.
Just a reminder; we're closed on Sundays now.
:D smile :D
Done with finals. Fuck wit me
as a packer fan, you should have made the pro bowl.
Somebody come get me from school !!!!!
Inception: think I understood it therefore, didn't. Made me realize I hate dream'n cuz you can never control things the way U want to lol.
can you suck on your fingers after??
I'd kick you in the vagina but I'm afraid I'll lose my shoe.
Church and Football. Gonna be a fun day!
Filmed a quick little YouTube video tonight :) It will be up tomorrow just in time for mothers day!
Hope you are feeling better soon.
Without fail, everytime I say "while" and "file" my southern accent comes out. Bleh. Region accent, begone!
laser therapy
wait!! You like the golden girls!!? I absolutely love that show lol
gearing up to record or new as of yet untitled EP. check us out and let us know which songs you'd like to hear on it (rerecorded of course).
Doing laundry
Calling all financial advisors, consider this an RFP from a law abiding tax paying citizen in the market for a lower tax bracket.
There must be an Achievement for that :)
Tr[eat] Her Right (;
This sweater vest is coming right along. I have accomplished a whole lot of knitting and listening to This American Life.
RT : Has anyone had any experience with #4G #WiMax here in #Chicago? <-- It seems to suck everywhere.
Clippers and grizzles look like a mma fight. These boys aint playin
Raise your hand if you hate the "Angie's List" commercials. *raises hand*
Thank you! You can email us at
Anyone ever had problems putting together IKEA furniture? Like they cut the pieces wrong or something? This is supposed to be a science.
I also wish would follow me. That'd make like...my whole life.
out here at mac with
RT : "As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping...
“: Nights that you end up being alone and bored <<<”
oh please bring me some sushi to wicks!!
Three sips of wine does not a glass make... Aka, I really wish I had more wine
Love you!
There is no team I'd rather see lose IN Indy than the Patriots. Until then, THERE WILL BE BLOOD.
Go follow me i follow back!
we wanted to look at what the prices and stuff like tat is up there for like apts.
Negative Nancy needs a new outlook on life
Hate when that happens : Just woke up,I feel pretty stupid my tweets last night made no sense :(
Might be a little late but happy bday Jordan hope you have a freakin amazing 22nd<3
I would like them to invent the Food Replicator from Star Trek
used to call it "the twitter" ..and after refusing to join, now loves the instant grat from talking to fans post shows
I have been so busy lately, hard to stay updated on with everything that's been going on!
If you want to part ways with a copy of Movielife's 40 hour train to Penn, you'd be my hero
Thanks for your help!
Allison Hooper walked into WFM RVF yesterday. Twas great to say I saw her in Bra via your tweets.
“Jokes? There are no jokes. The truth is the funniest joke of all.” ― Muhammad Ali
other names jessica simpson considered for her baby GIRL-chester, leonard, vincent, edward, malcom, leon. all fine choices for baby GIRLS:)
Why can't this weekend come sooner?
youu should definitly write a second book! #firststeptoforever needs a sibling..haha
6 years...I've never done one
hahah Chloe and selah. They're so attached, selah follows her into the bathroom
idk depends on the price since its my birthday present from my parents it can be any seat maybe (i gotta ask my dad)
good to see you bro
He is such a beauty...
Got rehearsal time wrong by an hour and now I have a headache and want to punch people. This should go swimmingly.
good luck and safe travels!
THANKS for your support
Great run yesterday Team Honor. Figures Hutch doesn't tweet.
DC Comics Batman Distressed Logo Youth T-Shirt
Record breaking days at #rentmyinstrument !!! UPS trucks keep leaving the warehouse to deliver
shhh don't be a grumpy bear, they're funny!
You know, we haven't met in like a YEAR! And this topic is up my ally. :)
Playing the Langham Hotel (Tap Room) tonight with two greats: Hamilton Price & Dan Schnelle. Straight up, straight ahead, straight bourbon!
what a boring week end
// Thank you, Kim. It's how I spend my time when I wake up in the middle of the night. lol
Watching HBO special on America and citizenship, amazing stories! Why do we complain? These folks come here for freedom! We have it good!
Any STEM middle school supporters out there? Working on a grant.
But really, I could've used more direct cynicism as a Freshman in high school.
Hey there!!! Long time no tweet!!! Thanks so much for the RT and getting the word out about this #Green event.
it's not a Hangover reference?
Going out with and my edamame! Can't believe were going out two nights in a row. Watch out Nashville!
It comes from Ryan's () use of Nacho Libre's accent during the tracking of Emelo's first record in the duplex I used to live in..
My life = work and school
I thought Chaka Khan was also a part of the Whitney tribute...
Mothafuckas Always accussin you of doin wrong, wen it really be them!
s/o to my new follower
much much appreciated! Thank you
Congrats on the LAMMY nomination!
"Learn from yesterday, live for today." - Rachael Evans, from today's
sure. You following me?
OH NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO OH HELLS TO THE NO.
Please tune in to watch talk about #THEDRAMAYEARS on NBC's in 15 minutes! Good luck Haley!!! <3
Its the coldest day ever
God I just wish the cubs could be like the least bit good for once
So grateful for all the positive feedback coming our way regarding the website!!! Thank you all...
That's a good
Please Email and to see what that station can do to help your cause
Also working with 1,100 community action agencies with the intent of applying microUP strategies here in the ol' USA.
Ran 5 suicides . Waters my only hope right now.
Thanks for being our generous sponsor 4 our efforts 4 homeless veterans! You do so much good! Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
Hahaha trust me, I understand. But so you don't post like every second, take my advice.:P
You don't get to be a series regular dreaming of being a co-star.
LOL, no ur not! RT : Denise I fell asleep before your clock in! I'm a poor #nightshift leader! Good morning!
Really wish I can take all of this back.
shoutout to my newest follows
oh hai migraine.
We were ready to beat FCNY. And ready enough to pluck Arteaga from their failed roster. It's a whole new year, man!
Dinner tonight is Potato-Parmesan Crusted Tilapia with risotto and mixed vegetables. 10.00
RT : Is there a police code for zombie on the loose? #Castle <~ Haha! Loved it!
always, always remember to back up... not that i ever do
Impossible is not a fact. It’s an opinion- Muhammad Ali
Nobody knows the answer to the Pretty Woman trivia q? I thought it was too easy. What does the waiter say when he catches the escargot?
I cannot replace the way your coldness tastes.
Has anyone else ever wondered why God made weeds and fire ants?
My 5y/o son tells me when he grows up he wants to be a spy. I said if he's serious about it, he probably wants to keep that to himself :-)
I live for my self not for you or anybody else, I make money for me not youu nn I live life to the fullest cause god gave me the chance.
heck no. I'm contemplating another blackberry, or possibly a droid.
Oh I thought that was smoke. I was just going to out it.
It's all about the shoes and the watch :-) RT Let's play a game...hipster or homeless??
excited that they beat an 8 seed on home ice. Act like you have been there before. Oh wait you haven't.
With Duracell myGrid you can charge up to 4 devices at one time!
Don’t let loneliness drive you back into the arms of someone you know doesn’t give a damn about you.
forgiven!!! Someplace with Odouls. It's my new favorite cocktail. I'm on day 32 of my cleanse. It's boring.
Happy mothers day to all mothers out there! Workin till 5 and I am thoroughly exhausted #needbill$
what I was about to say.
me too! Yes Pete's around. Book turned into many articles and pr for my hand care line how are you?
": She's only jealous, Because she cares."
what should i bring
it did have cheese added into it. It was recipe so it had cheese butter sour cream etc in it. Lol
YES. I fully respect and love everything about that!
If u don't grind u don't shine!
I need to quit
hm okay then.
that's awesome! Happy Easter to you! thanks for the # FF :-)
Had a blast on the radio last night. Can't wait to unveil some tasty new jamz at Lincoln Hall - Wednesday, April 25.
Im school, half day, wanna leave..! #Dafuckk?
Love this! Cinderfells!
Ohla working & living life..where I know u from?
us too! Very current themes we think the audience will engage with
Just feasted like it was Thanksgiving.. I might blow up
follow now.
Still think bout see junior seau mother!!
laying in bed, you?
umm Demi Lovato are u freaking kidding me...in my opinion she can out sing his ass any day!!!!
So, with OU and Yale anchoring the Top 13, what would the other candidates be?
Tickets on sale now! Stop by on your way into Midnight.
oh ok... Js wanted to know no big deal...
I got a hair cut love it ♥
Butler wit the dunk!
let love rule!
Porsche 356 to Bentley S1: Are these the most remarkable car designs ever?
great tip! Thank you
when tumblr doesn’t work, i’m forced to go on facebook..
Happy happy birthday you big stud!!!!!! :)
#ireallywant my cherry red challenger already ... EEk!
Life is what happens to you while you are busy making other plans. ~Ric Belda
It'd be fun if they just named everyone in Ireland. "Meet the Irish! #1- Seamus O'Flanagan, #2- Mary McMurray, #3-....."
i love you with all my heart punkasarus ! <3
Nice ad Clint. Only problem, Chrysler is now Italian, not American.
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Don't give your attention to other girls.
itemizing a year's worth of personal bank txns makes me data-queasy in the same way searching through my gmail chat history does
Hm.... RT : I'm thinking, UK is small at DT this season, heard a guys weighing in at 270 at the backup spots.
started reading it yesterday. good stuff. congratulations. When are you coming to Houston?
Happy hour > nap
Training of Federal HR workforce is going to be a focus for OPM through HR University
NO ONE ASK ME HOW I'M DOING I WILL CRY.
I love you both!
hey Peyton I love you ! Can I get a goodnight ?
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 1118 calories! on 4/30/12 at 2:22 PM
Cooking for my mom ;)
Ugh maybe I should have gone to my friend's little sister's party -_-
People would say granted desktop is Microsoft's. They will never get the Server. Well now the Cloud shifts paradigms big time!
Literally put a list into a bucket.
My favorite is CC Yin. One of a kind. Lots of opportunities for the org to make an impact ... we'll see!
i'd unfollow you then wait till I could be 1300 just to get it
I'm so turned up! Website coming soon...stay tuned!
Had a really nice nite w/ my sister and her fiance, and her future brother/sister-inlaw... Felt
WOW RT Bills have a 1:30 presser to announce Mario Williams signing.
upstairs from me is either a fight or a furniture sale.
yeah i went this morning
"Search Engine Optimization Secrets" by Danny Dover is written for SEO consultants but has a lot of good tips for users not found elsewhere.
Oh my gosh!! I just hate those days were im having such a nice day then someone can just come and ruin it!!
Tomorrow is national wear your camp shirt day! Wear your camp shirt to the Y tomorrow and receive $5 off your first week of camp!
Gotta ask, what's on your list to see?
Great first class with Brian Reise. Everyone was cool & welcoming.
how do i get over something thats impossible?
Watching X-Files before bed made me jumpy. It's a good thing my apartment doesn't have any air ducts.
Be sure to put on your varsity list so you don't miss his tweets.
YW, have a great weekend Kimberley!
Best part of opening day? Opening day bbq!
Tweaked holiday video showing in Comcast lobby A 90-second Nutcracker sequence by the Pennsylvania Ballet and four additional snow machin
": Don't be in a relationship if you're going to at single."
Be on the look-out for an upcoming Holiday give-away! Stay in tune for details!
Good to see Mrs. Landis' wisdom is still being taken to heart.
tell her I said hi (; that I love her :*
' Gotta get my shit up!!
Okay goodnight I'm done lol
love it! thanks so much for joining us!
Obsessed with old man chef's floral print shirt at Kenka.
time for work here soon
Or was there an implied “and time to do translation work on a project” in there? Because I’m not so sure about that part.
I said you the fucking best!
Thanks so much to those who have recently started to follow me. For those unaware, I am, when time allows, reviewing YA books as well.
it's going to take awhile for me to come back and shop there. And I LOVE the store. Have bought so many books from there.
If it's not your relationship then you don't need to worry about why someone's relationship ended. It's none of your business!!
You'll rock! Happy New Year from J & J
Anyone headed to the Tejano Music Convention in Vegas next week? If so stop by my booth and buy your tix to the TMA's
can't argue with either of those points!
True story: once to a cruise to Samoa with
So how bout those Sixers?
Finished prep work for tomorrow's training sessions and happily watching #sytycd. Liking the talent at Vegas week!
Sometimes YOU need to step outside, get some air, and REMIND yourself of who YOU are and where YOU want to be!
Been play four-square for like ever. This shit's intense.
Mirror Mirror on Da Wall Who's The Finest, Smartest, Has The Best Smile is Da BEST R&B Singer Of Em All? Hands Down.
Clearwire CEO: 'There remains a gap' between Clearwire and Sprint Clearwire ( NASDAQ:CLWR ) reported gains in subscribers during its thir
So much respect for Taylor Swift.
A MEN.
RT this if you love 23rd St in the spring! What a day!
Third day of shooting with a famous person has, surprisingly, made me even less famous.
I can't tell if this update has stopped running or is just thinking very hard...kinda like my brain today too.
all boarded and ready to depart Denver for the quick road trip to Rochester.
nice to google meet you!
So my Internet is being stupid. Grr,
Congrats on A Drop of the Hard Stuff winning the Award for Best Novel: Legend.
Spotify is not available in the USA. Not so surprising...
KJo is the Fillmaf of poker!
You Of Course!! ;D
thx what's up?
u dyed ur hair?
Shared questioning skills & techniques with an experienced organizational coach. Educators have much to offer other professions.
tony hawk rules
Geez, where are all these funny pics of us coming from?!
. 1045 days to be precise. It's possible you missed something, can't remember though.
hiya jay!! Can't wait to see you lot perform in Chicago!! Bye :) x
Sorry to anyone who might have clicked on those bunk urls. For future reference, if I suddenly sound like a tween girl, I been hacked.
Life is not about how fast you run or how high you climb but how well you bounce.
lol that's pretty funny.
