uses #midnightmarathon to prove just how large a tutu can be
Thanks Francisco! We appreciate the S/O. Look forward to seeing you several times at the Stadium this year. Go Yankees!!
Logging my bike miles and after tonight's ride home I'll have racked up 100 miles in 2 weeks! Pretty cool. #Bike 365
Just had the best bus ride of my life.
RP "Gail Middlebrooks: Would love to be SW Atlanta Community Web Producer."
Misty jog this mornin,.. now off to the Barber shop.
oh yeah.... Hes getting it all day!
Moroccan mint has green tea in it for, you know, St. Patrick's day.
I know nothing about photography.
Santorum also has a slight lead over Romney in major swing state, Ohio. Very predictable results so far.
so you just needed to tell Baltimore that people leave O's games in the late innings. Not sure that's news...
Thanks lady. I couldn't help but wear it for the day is so talented.
Good Morning! Today is Tuesday and the rain is gone! Smile, have a productive day!
Really should have taken a pass on the 2nd burger
No stick for Smith. Can this game get any worse for #Yotes?
Beat LSU twice. Took the program where idiot Nutt couldn't. They are both douchebags, though. Good riddance to each.
But you became the person you said you would never be.
what's good brotha how's the south ?
If sore is the new "in shape" then I am in incredible shape!
Upset Sunday! Let's go Broncos!
Not shocking. It's why the BCS happened in the first place.
4 more hours until DeadPro rocks out cosmic charlies tonight!
Gloomy in Madison today. On the plus side is still warm enough to kayak, and I won't need sunscreen!
make up roughly half of our top positions. anyway, sorry for the overlong explanation. Doug & I recently had a
Every exit is an entry somewhere else - even death.
if your in Nashville, bowling green is just 45 minutes away you know..come visit me:)
That quote absolutely made my day lmfao thank you Sarah
got some ticks for an awesome show tmrw at 1:30. Downtown you want em
I'm attempting to stay up as long as it takes to get the page requirements for this paper. There will be lots of tweeting.
That was a good productive day:-)
It was amazing. I had lunch AND dinner there yesterday. Roast pork for lunch then snapper with tomatoes/onions/capers...
same ol. I go dey there next week
You rock, sweetie. Hope your kids had fun, too.
How :p
RT- Looking forward to the blog post. Netsuite very impressive partner channel built on solid foundation.
are you seeing avengers at Metreon?
Yo, unless your anchor is black, colorblocking is rubbish. Let me repeat, rubbish!!!!!
I wonder why #oomfs always tweet that same tweet every day!
Check out review of Harumi: almost vocal inflections of intricate participation...the violin as lieder singer...
Pink Fink BRINKer founder of #SusanGKomen sold out to the #WarOnWomen Boycott CURE and contribute directly to ACS and PP
Other things may change us, but we start and end with family. - Anthony Brandt
Dating @ this age is for the birds my focus is ;God,child, me,career>>>in that order!!!
If you unfollow me, you're getting unfollowed #justsaying 😁
Really hope that it doesn't rain Saturday!
As long as you think you DESERVE something you'll never SERVE anyone
Q1. Best advice for starting a #travel career?
Absolutely! RT : And adopt or foster :) RT : A friendly remind to SPAY and NEUTER! Pet overpopulation is out of...
hope she feels better.Nothing worse than a sick child.
Imma have to sing up for the SAT so fast tomorrow O.O
Teaching in room without ac and toothache :)
thanks lady lol
You are my world, good, bad, everything. I get frustrated but I have to remember my life was nothing without you.
- Another perfect example of Vietnamese 'Going the Extra Mile' (literally) for their work ethic.
If what you are getting online is for free, you are not the customer, you are the product. - Jonathan Zittrain (professor of internet law)
its not fun:/ it really sucks :(
haha im sure its gonna look great :)
OMG THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR FOLLOWING ME!!!!! YOU R FREAKIN AMAZING I LOVE U!!!!! CANT AIT TO HEAR THE NEW SONGZ!!!! (; <3333
": Free boosie on God"
"Don't worry, I learned how to make plenty of drinks at bartending school. Gin and... tonic? Do they mix?"- Moe
Bam! That's how I roll... and yeah... I just followed you... :)
the one saw/discussed was not willing to take their logo off. It was my deal breaker.
Heading to Augsberg College for our game vs. St. Paul Johnson
@ work tonight! Not Fun!
Sorry I haven't been on in a while people but I've just been very busy
Am such a geek. Had seriously giddy moment picking up pile of books from library. Of course, it helps they're all on gin and booze.
Opened SHORT $EURUSD @ 1.36316; 39% of the community volume is trading the EURUSD with sentiment 48% SHORT
I can't wait for this weekend.
Oh, that's what everyone thinks. But how often do you chop off bad guys' arms now? 2, maybe 3 times per year?
Crocker: It will be essential to get useful, real data on the scope of the piracy problem in order to have effective conversations
I mean how are u getting to Houston?
Good evening!
Thanks for following us Krupa :D xoxo
These colored negroes bold out here
Cigarettes & Slurpessss c:
98k to Medical Center in NY
After watching TV shows "Hoarders", "Obsessed" & "Lockdown" oddly, the show "Sister Wives" about plural marriage is amazingly normal & happy
What's up fam? Let's catch up sometime. RT : Shoutout to Boris305 that's my big cousin right there follow him!!
Only a fine-tuned Olympic athlete could ever hope to complete the Letter Carrier Olympic course.
Haha.. We didn't have school today.. ;P
thanks belle, I could say the same thing to you
Craving breakfast last all day? Today we're granting your wish. Specials: Truffle Oil Browns, Bavarian Omelet, Hoppel Poppel & Sauerbraten!
She ain't a Nicki fan then the bitch def dumb
Thanks for the RT on the Kids Card - we're excited about getting kids in here to read!
O maps!
I think I graduated high school with Acy .
Corey hart with the nice sliding catch to end the inning
got pins stickin outta my hand...lets hope thisll work so i dont gotta get that titanium
yea ik except Kobe I hate gasol without him we would win more and Kobe is better than Durant
Sorry to slip some politics in the middle of rock concert tweets ... Or am I?
tweet me if you want 20x20 lists
If laker fans think they have a chance against OKC they're shot the fuck out 😂
Oh hey
could be useful as one quantitative standard of measurement. It could be part of a larger matrix of measures
have your boy toy pick you up dummy!
Happy New Year 2 all of our #racquetball followers. We're glad u love 2 play the best sport in the world.
Equally #pious and #profane. "The last days of Judas Iscariot". Love small theaters in
Looking forward to the Illinois Computing Educators conference (ICE) this upcoming week!!
Will you guys please come home already? We miss you! Oh, wait....
We can't hit, swear, be mean, etc....all that I am xD
Good Morning!! Hope all is well at channel 5 :)
can i please be one of those skinny girls
hey great job tonight! Thought you were super funny!
awwie, thanks sweetie :") and i bet ur really pretty too & trust me u guys have diggy simmons he is FINE! & drake oh :"P SEXY
Alright I gotta get on some megavitamins. C just isn't cutting it. Sick for the 6th time
haha i'm sitting right next too you!(: haha love you bestfriend!c:
A cave rescue team fights to escape a collapsing abandoned mine stalked by inhuman ghouls who can mimic victims.
Fuck I hate walking into spider webs !!
RT Free admission to Milwaukee Irish Fest from 4pm to 5:30pm on Friday! RT C'mon down & catch our FREE SHUTTLE!
Done and done! Bring your rape whistle
well u can text it if u would like...
Fork lift style! Pick those bitches up with my DICK!
Music, alone, balcony, cool air, empty sky...
crap I forgot the number to vote? How do I text and vote? I need to make sure you are saved <3
"Ability will never catch up with the demand for it."
Thanks for the random fact Logan haha too bad they can't do that in #Colorado. You all done with #finals?
Start out the day with the Bad Company cover by Five Finger Death Punch. Helps me face the awfulness that is life right now.
Why so much hate?
I am fucking exhausted
So excited to be working with you. You are doing so many great things. Love the students' blog!
Don't worry your pretty lil heart
I thought that's how blogging worked. They send you a car, you blog about how great it is, everyone's happy, no?
Thanks Don, appreciate the kind words. We're always looking to meet potential partners. Anyone in particular we should speak to?
We had a great time at for Beyond the F. Big thanks to , and speakers Adam Lilly and On to !
I thought one could live without Twitter, but I guess not!
Mixing new song with Mark Needham! One more to go!!
hey #tigers - where's the offense?
"In today's installment…we gon' talk about going through your girl's phone and who the #@$! Charles is." #dontdoit! /via
Nott sure what to do now...
and even if i got some problems, its okay cause i blow 'em away
and there goes my bracket
I need a Twitter Diagnosis, Is Espresso bad for your health besides your teeth, breath and the inability to function with out it?
I don't have words for that inning (besides #Hurdled of course)
feel free to shoot me an e-mail to bounce ideas around.
Slots are going fast for my new mixtape. get wit me
It is National Coffee Week! Perfect for your favorite blend tomorrow morning.
Yep yep
RT : let me treat you to the fine things in life
I've still got the box and recipt around here too so i'll find that if we can work something out.
what a great night tonight guys!
Talking to my crush about the stupidest things >>
Word! RT : Life is too short to worry about what others say or think about you. Have fun and give them something to talk about.
RT : Top O' the morning to you! Here's looking to a great year for Wines of Washington! #WAwine #Wine #WIYG #Travel Cheers!
Don't even
#CNN Confirms: The bomb scare at the Hall of Justice courthouse in Riverside, CA ended without incident. No suspicious devices were found.
Including the BULLSH, life's GREAT. Imagine life without IT...
I got an iPhone so now we are twinies :)
alright! Only days I'm no good for are 3/15-18...other than that, I'm easy to find :-)
I didn't, but I also miss a chance to brag ;)
I want your love and I want your revenge. I want your love. I dont wanna be friends ;*
RT : The Horny Goat Beer radio spot was hilarious!
Now would be a good time for Johnson's first hit.
LOL RT : I guess now we know how Romney's fiscal plan adds up: a new "Lunch Money" fee.
SKINS FEST YOUTH FILM WORKSHOP AT PONCA TRIBE IN OK. JUNE 28TH -JULY 6. Check laskinsfest.com in next days for pics&vid
Getting my nails did with kylie. (:
I wish this rain would go away!
wow, thanks for your very sweet acknowledgements note! What a lovely surprise. Very flattered!
cool! Thanks Cara! :)
Refs....just awful
GO RACERS!!! I AM CHEERING FOR YOU.
Q7. Zesty Italian is my favorite and I'd love to try Three Meat Medley.
Just in time for Christmas! Buy 4 gift certificates to Jimmy's Island Grill and get 1 free!
aww that sounds so fun! any special reason why it was a day off?
About to take my praxis! See you in for hours
Time to study! :)
Is it too soon to quote a certain #Bruins announcer? Because apparently "summertime is coming to Philadelphia"
thanks for the help today Nick!
I wouldn't go near it!
then do it. What are you waiting for?
Bench clearing fight at the Admirals Game. Crazy fights all over the ice. Both teams sent to the locker rooms. 3 intermissions today
you mean an Irish whip wouldn't be more effective?
I picked up a growler of that yesterday. Hoping to share it with a visiting friend tomorrow. Was it good?
Little known fact: Mitt saved the American automobile industry by purchasing Cadillacs for his 24 grandmothers.
Made a new school friend by sending her a screenshot of the Will Ferrell Jeopardy/Turd Ferguson SNL sketch.
Gotta do Spanish
Ha! Hypothetically, I've a whitelist <g>...which *you've* been on forever <laughing and laughing> Signal to noise does get complex
I seen you on Tanisha Got Married for the first time. You're so beautiful!
Ready to retire and dream away.
Hearing lots of Good things about FBCD!!!! Keep on watch and get shares while you can!!!
Same here! Onward and upward.
There's just something about a neighborhood coffee shop.
I run barefoot all the time. Especially when I have back pain. It helps my joints realign. What's your 6 pack routine?
So funny Boss' wife called his cell/speaker phone, we were headed to lunch mtg, nice day. "Oh, do you have your top down?"
OMG. Right at this moment my inbox is empty....
Oh what are your plans tonight?!
Teena Marie... One of the absolute BEST! R.I.P.
Actually, it's Jered Weaver (Jeff's brother).
Thank you! You're doing a great job...I hope all is well.
Off to work! Stupid show! But free beer and $6 an hour makes it worth while I GUESS.. keep tellin' myself that..
Celebrate Mom today!
You must love yourself before you love another,By accepting yourself and fully being who you are, your presence can make others happy.
RT - have to make a speech on friday about the history of the New England Patriots. anyone wanna help? lol
OZ Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck and The Zingaro are ¡Explora! Science Center and Children's Museum 18th and Mountain 10-2.
I know enough about chemical relaxers that I'm not going back there, but dammit I need to swing some straight hair for a minute.
RT : Roses are red / Millenium Falcons are white / You love me? I know. / That's why I got encased in Carbonite.
Happy New Year to you!
Bored and its Friday nite
Dolphins. The most dangerous of all marine life.
THIS! :) --> RT : - Nice to meet you both and hangout at #talentnet ! Let's stay in touch!
What or where is Portland's Best business or destination. Mention and we will likely retweet it.
To the Marketers of Activia. Having Jamie Lee Curtis talk about her digestive issues is the reason I will never eat yogurt ever again!
We love ! Http://massiverocketradio.com
never even got a chance to play my Slither records
HAHAHAHAH = very funny. Hahahaha = funny. Haha = not funny at all.
#yourethereason why I cry sometimes, why I can't sleep at night, why I can't have a happy ending with someone good.
your a chop freaken king all day is chop chopity chop
Chad is such a frickin dork. How do I stand talking to him?
Check out EVA member 's article about professional jealousy in this month's ' Report pg 29.
UK gets the win over ECU 6-2. Game two against Liberty tomorrow @ 1 P.M.
you'r so sweeeeeeettt , omg mary me ? (:
where do you get all these quotes from! They're amazing! *Bretana*
If Mr. Met isn't available, there's always Jack-in-the-Box right?
Lost 11 followers recently I'm really sorry I haven't been following people back..or tweeting but I am really sick at the moment..</3
Long Day ahead -.-
Alright, we are extending the Giveaway for ONE MORE HOUR so get in there and write some reviews. Winner will be chosen at approx 1PM PST
if they really are that unattractive in real life, the only "cute alter ego" they have is a video game create-a-character...
Have an ICONic Birthday(;
YO BLOW UP
Wow. Somebody was a mess. Trying to drink like a champion and wake up 7am for work/brunch
- I'm with on this one. Total badassness.
TONIGHT! Pop up show at the living room on N Miami Ave and 40 st at 7PM! Live music + painting +
Congrats! Lucky..
Want to see Death Cab For Cutie at Mud Island on Wednesday? Tag and in a tweet and you might win a pair of tickets!
Good Nite . all twitter friends.
Wall to wall, back to back College Success Skills classes.
hi follow me back ? :)x
When will Passion of the Christ be rereleased in 3D??
So cruel...both of my 8am classes are later during the week...
Im in #NorthDalLas it didn't get bad at all
Y.O.F.O You Only Famous Online
I just watched that a couple weeks ago! I want to go there and see it
In the Super Shuttle to DCA! Operation: Whirlwind IA Weekend is a GO!!! See you soon !!!
wonder if Newt will get a big enough bounce. Best orator of all. Santorum did not do well.
When my baby become a big musician . I'ma always be his number 1 fan .
the top one piques my interest.
Ha I saw u walking on Braun:]
I sent that bitch a smiley face! Bitches love smiley faces!
OH for Grimy sake ima god for Grimy saker all i see is green im so close wit Mother Nature
Luck baby!!
Dorian: "8 out of 10 millennia sleep with their phones near. Only 3 out of 10 for people older than 50 do."
Hey do you wanna like you know...follow me?(:
Show me love, show me fuckin love
miss you too!
Thanks @ bdebayle for the follow!
forever :: Monad m => m a -> m b has a pretty nifty signature if you think about it. the type shd tell you the b is a lie
I wish this dude would leave me alone... 32 missed calls is a lil bit rediculous! --__--
Brooklyn producer Khromozomes is seeking a new singer/songwriter. Must have experience. Pls contact .
damn they don't make them like you no more.
Truth! MT : "Let me tell you how marriage works. She says, 'We're going to have a dog doo pie' and you say, ALL RIGHT!"-
Going to sleep early for once
THEY ARE FREE!!!
Well when , and I make it,we are going 2 be the same people so please don't treat us different! :) <3 Love Them
OH: "We'll get it all WYSIWYGed up"
It doesnt feel like one o' clock at all
My face hurts <<<<
imagine a curriculum created WITH the students!
: Emailed weeks ago and still haven't heard from you. Anyone I can talk to about streaming our monthly events?
She has NO longevity/ real platform. Where does the "movement" go when tenure and LIFO issues R exhausted?
whats even more amazing is me turnin em DOWN!!!! yep... he makes me happi... (2day)
Today is a good day to be alive.
A career adventure is the better way to think about life. – Roger Enrico, former CEO, Pepsico
on how to play bass: "Play only the best notes. Then wait a measure."
haha. Good to know. I've done a couple of strips that weren't literal monuments.
Good Morning! Warmer weather and a 30% chance of rain, today and tomorrow! Pray for rain..potatoes are planted and getting ready for onions.
RT : primo.. Sending the joint tomorrow..· say no more...
I am a glutten for punishment.. Just followed some alt. med people... This should be good... and drive me a little crazy..=D
If you've ever wanted some of my pee, today is a good day to ask(nicely).
matches stadium/arena buyers with vendors. Tonight thru Wednesday. Cowboys Stadium tour and dinner Tue night sponsored by us.
DON'T PANIC! There will be a state-wide tornado drill at 9 am in GA today. It's
I finally understand "Professor Jones" and positional analysis for the lottery. It doesn't work by itself but other pieces.
Blueberry pancakes that are more blueberry than pancake.
Its very humid in school!!
I was drugged, manually stimulated, & raped by a woman. Apparently I really wanted it while unconscious.
. Why did Indiana go from 100% to 18%?
huh really? okay i dm you! haha.
We are over 400 followers strong! Please tell every to support the tweed by retweeting and talking about it.
Bitch if you died I wouldn't buy you life..
An #audition and then my final class with Dan Ireland
I gotta bad chick and that chick right
that means you're home.......
"I have a headache and I just did a little heabanging to Four Year Strong, oww ow,, my head :("
We do, too!
hey i got something to tell you..........
Thanks, glad you're listening!
“You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.” ~Goethe
True! -A is really smart just for that reason but she/he is getting on my nerves! lol
We were each other's valentines today...typical!!!
Good morning friends, who's excited for another Toast & Taste Thursday 5-8pm
#ifidiedtommorow id face every fear i ever have had
Everyone is just so dumb...classic words said by
Watching back up plan! This movies is soo halarious! :D
ya! That would be fun! Bring back colorado cody
you library buddies are ready to escape the bad party scene and find you. #help! (what is the app?!?)
Lol. Do I come off as serial killer-ish? :)
FOUR MORE YEARS!
NEW FOUND RESPECT FOR WEB DESIGNERS, MAN THAT ISH TAKES FOREVER!!! CHECK OUT MY SITE HAD TO MAKE SOME UPDATES johnboatnerentertain.com
"Never worry about solving all your problems today. The great thing about problems is that they will still be there tomorrow."
My Ambien is telling me to say nite nite....lol Later baby dolls! ..xo.
The Edge Of Glory Bday Tomorrow
Excited to see tonight live on Letterman! Hope to hear "Spilling Faith," I love the new album's collaboration with Ringo Starr!
yea I kno breakfast... I shoulda been more specific... But that does sound good... Haha.. :)
have an IT Director candidate in Sarasota; highly recommended by his current CFO (company is folding)
Kentucky said welcome to there block party (In Meek Mill voice) lmao!!!!!
gr8 idea! Only YOU'D b a hotter Wonder Woman!!
Is that the rich, white person version of horchata?
Why is it so cold??
Tonight: PAPER DIAMOND & POLISH AMBASSADOR at Canal Club Doors 9pm $20.00
Rephrased: I love touching my skin, its so soft :)
Great time @ baby shower!Goingto start babybook w/great stuff.Later we'll add:1st time baby dropped on head,Baby's 1st juvenile offense,etc
You got this Bulls ! 4 seconds left !
Lost my fuckin phone like a dumbass!
This is a repeat of junior year!
Bring on the weekend!
Can you see us waving? [stretches arm out the window]
That is beautiful! Thank you so much Desratano!
Lev Grossman's The Magicians. RT Good morning! What are you reading this weekend? Tag #freshairbooks to read and share
he should stay, and the magic should get a new GM!
On the human chessboard, all moves are possible. -Miriam Schiff
follow back :-)
"I was going to tell you a gay joke, butt fuck it."
Cabot/Jasper Hill Cloth Bound Cheddar
No need for hostility over something micro
Broke a Bink 182 cd while cleaning it. F**k!!!
not for free but I got it all together. :-)
FIRST DOWN
OK...I eat almost anything...yet know ur gambling w/food poisoning w/that combo
I will leave a mark on this planet bigger than the foot steps I make every day. My mark will be measured in the lives I help save by BIMO QA
Anne has a very Meagan-esque get up on too. Both of em straight out of the swingin 60s
Good Afternoon..feeling a little sad because someone from my generation lost his battle with cancer. RIP MCA.
text me back ASAP! Planning on going to Dayton tomorrow and I know would love to see you too!!!!
Look forward to the game. Would be cool to see a diag to help blended classrooms have individualized plans from day 1
Gotta make this week a good week, will see how long that last for.
You think you know what my life's about, but I'm not being negative I'm just facing up.
How do I get early "Hunger Games" tickets w/out being overrun by teens or having its gorgeousness overshadowed by noisy viewers? Impossible?
Hi #oetc12 attendees! Learn more about the Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives @ our table outside the Battelle Grand. We have candy!
Makin moves to better my life...time to relax
Limb breaking is good, reel that mofo in
Hey what's up
i love thunder and i love rain and i love lightning.
you got it all wrong H. Btw thanks for coming out Saturday, looking good!
So if by the time the bar closes, & you feel like falling down...I'll carry you home, tonight 😌💗
Recovery for our country begins when we leverage our own entitlement for the benefit of those less entitled // via
I'm really bored... Bye -MB
A rainy day like today is perfect for museum going! We'll be open 12:30-5, stop on by.
In reflection of the movie the happening, the best part was where the kids got shot-they were almost as annoying as the movie
Dell Education RT : Welcome to Our New STEM Resource Center - STEM Education (usnews.com) bit.ly/qmkmdI ^KS
I have a dream that fear will loose its power over many and the freedom to love openly fills the air!
I follow back!
omg ikr ah i cant wait lol :)
Best pizza in town for dinner:D
RT : Yay, Thanks for the Kiss N Tell Creme Sheen with SPF 15! No more sun burnt lips! We love quality #beauty pr...
Lol. No thanks. I'm picky about stuff I read/watch. For God :)
I love how you aren't a Thunder fan! I was surprised Joe Johnson didn't fall down like he got shot driving to basket last night.
Ha! We may take her then...
David Nour is our guest today. What is "Relationship Economics?" Tune in and find out!
Keep in touch with us as we revamp for 2012!
Exactly! I 100% agree with you.
OMG a bug just flew on me.. I'm def. Not feeling this sh!t.
your vegan cupcakes are epic, so good to see you and everyone today!
But if I was a single man, alone and out there on the loose.. I'd be looking for a woman like you..
RT FACT: the average person tells 4 lies a day; that's 1,460 a year. And the most common lie is... " I'M FINE "
I would like weekly updates on this
NBA PLAYOFFS: I've got Miami vs. San Antonio with the Heat winning it all....look forward to watching Pacers, Jazz, and Grizzlies for fun
TY, Lindsey! And thanks for sharing the Seminar for Historical Administration posts. Have you considered applying for SHA?
That Was A Great Shot He Was Wide Open He Gotta Make That...
chillout music has been created to make people feel good. Such a wonderful thing
You did not #followback. hence the drop :) I'll #follow you again -- hope to see you on my list! :)
didn't even get to sip my OT beer
the toxicity!! Lol reminds me of that system of a down song.
the carnage could be horrific, but impossible not to wonder
YES I WANT TO BE IN IT!!!!
#ShoutOut to my newest Verified follower === === y'all go download her Debut Mixtape #InCaseWeDie asap I see you baby do yo thang!!
;-) And if you need anything, you know how to get in touch. I'm always happy to help.
If you fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, flirt like first loves, & protect each other like siblings; its meant to be!!!
Just got my butt handed to me on Wii by a cocky little 9-yr-old...
love you :D cant wait for your album hopefully i can see one of your shows sometimes <3
RT Everyone go and download new app! It is a great resource for women looking to enhance their spiritual walk!”
lol i saw a man havin a little run and it's chrismas day!! Merry christmas every1 :) God bless u all <3 Peace
we should organize a flying trip some time. I'm about to take my private vfr check ride. I usually rent from windy city.
actually, I have no problem talking about my mistakes...I hate sounding like a braggart about my accomplishments. That's hard!
Simultaneously packing for two very different trips is kinda fun: 1) suit; 2) bug repellant; 3) heels; 4) paddle leash - Check!
Follow me. please. :D <3
Im Thankful 2 have change n my life & Positive ppl as well,
I just read American Psycho again on Monday, haven't been able to sleep well since. Well done sir, well done.
Hi Brenda, I just started tweeting, seeing what this does for an artist... fun so far.
Yup. Since there's no better voice of authority on health matters than a paid lobbyist...
Got to be on my grind all day tomorrow got money to make to pay for my in schooling and replace my drivers license
Hey You should have New Orleans poster boy on your show before JazzFest. EPK video:...
Ready for another bball game tonight.. Quick workout with when she gets home, then game at 10
1ts L1ke Every other Month 1 have An Obsess1ve L1k1ng To An Awesome Famous Person! do U?
Who do you think you are? Running round leaving scars? Collecting yur jar of hearts, who do you think you are!
Hahahahahaha!! I JUST DID THIS!
Wtf stop sending me spam and viruses.
#dh11 ... and collaborate in teams of 1000s, welcoming scientists w/ this experience.
best cure is lying in bed with book until this position is insupportable.
Who believes in Karma?
For the first time in about 3 years, my Bombers t-shirts aren't getting pushed to the front on the "need first" laundry list
Chris is crazy ah lmao
Church (check). Moving right along through my Sunday flow.
Order has been restored to the universe. Giants 29, Jets 14
Creating short intro to assessment for IL for discussion next week. Anyone have favorite assessment resources to recommend?
- The stars, i can listen to this song all day!
Enabling someone with addiction is not loving them. The addict must want to get help, but family & friends can become roadblocks.
hell yeah. I just got off n gotta be at my otha job at 9
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! :)
Oh and Happy First Day of May. We haven't forgotten that!
Who's support ♥Jelena♥??
Omq did u see the one wear she drinks her urine and baths in it. Nasty! & the one chick with huge BOOBS. -_-
Great day today, is announcing he will run for Lieutenant Governor!
Is it over yet?
Thanks for the mention!RT : I'm more of a Brunch guy for that: 1) Etta's, 2) Sunflour Cafe, 3) Blue Star Cafe.
aldsfjasldfasd Why is this dumb Call Me Maybe song so fucking catchy?!?!
Thanks for the RT!
that was pretty cool lol
Baq on twitter
NO NEED TO GUESS IM QUITE KNOWN TO IMPRESS, AFTER FIRST DAY OF SEX SHE ALL ON ME LIKE THE PRESS
Nice number!
haha love her too! She still cuts her grass....and you should see her back out the garage.
Just realized I'm "that guy." I'm out wearing a 12-year-old T-shirt I got at an A Perfect Circle concert when I was 17.
ate pizza yesterday , she did the crime .. now she gotta pay the time LOL joggin . 7pm .
I am IN LOVE with the mash up I am making right now
Smokin on that #afghankush....this the war on terror shit right here!
I think I did some of my best writing today. Not sure the professor is gonna dig it though.
I ordered a #fuelband said i'll recieve on the 22nd but no confirm email. Did I make it or was it telling me next in stock date?
You know it's your parents that turned me on to it.
Blackboard is soul-sucking. That is all.
absolutely & ditto! Love to see your tweets about potential new shops & eateries in Milwaukee! Gets me excited :)
It sure does to me! :) Normally it is pretty mundane but this weekend we are hopping! Sunday is just the usual errands for us.
Your Lying with your gold chain on cigar hanging from your lips I said hun you never looked so beautiful as you do now my man
State orientation.
Today was a GREAT fucking day
Just finished Checklist Manifesto by I can see why makes it a mandatory read. Interesting and entertaining.
Don't you worry your pretty little mind! People throw rocks at things that shine! - Taylor Swift <3
o girl!
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop. ~Ovid
Love that one too :)
Why you not doin nothing RT : On some bored shit
It's just a fad. It will go away. Just like MySpace did.
Does this mean I can show my sleeve of tattoos now? Woo hoo! Kissing my sweaters goodbye.
Super Summer Sale at balancebikeshop.com. Promo code: SUMFUN10 for 5% all orders and free shipping!
Thank you! Someone out there knows!
dm are you shark hunter from tv series or more like Jaws. And for they record, I won't swim distance without a Speedo.
Just left 'Lucky' Magazine feeling pretty lucky! It's been so much fun meeting with all of these fabulous people. Such a treat!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture Huge Furniture Sale !!!!
Already covered Usher's whole catalog in karaoke, do I have to learn the new stuff?
I am IN LOVE with how my hair came out!!
Follow supper !
congrats on new logo, look for it in Around the City in this week's print edition of Sand Diego LGBT Weekly
- already have them. :)
#BAZINGA - "moonlight serenade" by Glenn Miller. That's what I'm talking about!
lol i dnt no i forgot remba last time we were talkin n i dnt u was a girl i forgot n i said tha same thing i feel gay omg
When I get off work I have to manage to go hangout with some lady friends, god I need guy friends
Thanks Jordy, will check your project out!
Mike Brown might be fired by the end of this quarter yo lmao
. is at the RB Community Council meeting tonight to talk about smart meters & wildfire costs. We'll share any interesting tidbits.
how does Rice fall out this week?
God damn that's a lucky ass bitch.
MT Old idea:Discover your one true calling. Better way:Respect & follow your callings as they arrive, again & again, & with joy.
nice work. It was also nice to see that I wasn't the only red that asked for a XXL shirt.
Imperfections are underrated.
In a seafood coma... Saying goodbye to my daughter soon
Well, that was a high scoring game. Charlie was 3 for 3--2 from the left, 1 from the right. Team made some nice plays on defense, hit well.
Haha!! No problem..... You know you chuckled when you read it!
Speaking tonight at Converge21 USA is , , Jacobs,
thanks for the notes. I went through the book carefully a few times but maybe the conductor it associate adapted it? Beauty!
Gas / Food Never Pay, www.downow.info I am giving 125 leads a week, enroll www.dowsite.info, no one gets hurt, only helped
Slowly raises hand
Aww! That's so sweet.
Happy Holidays and a prosperous new year to all our kind fans and customers!
So...I'm watching the latest My Strange Addiction....
I'm sure lots of people were confused. Possibly most.
looks like you're into Bees and board games... ever play #Hive? :)
I like No. 10 a lot!
You tweeted the chairs too late! :( Now you'll have to wait til next year.
Call of the Suburbs
I can always tell who has their social media ear to the ground. You guys are quick!
you can't score now lol like I said. Fleury is underachieving but is accomplished. Flyer goalies are just bad
We need new friends ! Tune in, and better yet - call in (or go online) & become a member tonight while I'm on with 8-10
Where the alcohol at?!
I'm rolling with my three homies: zyrtec, allegra & benedryl - I've never been around palm pollen, so I'm talking no chances
Wats tweeps.. finally out my funk
RT "The best way to recover from the mistake is to admit them"
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Tortilla and Cauliflower. Sugar-free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
Big thanks to and ! #Youknowwhatyoudid,
It's the start of a brand new week! Make it a great one for your health!
yeah I hope they announce it soon, or release their EP
Because people are being smart, they gonna smoke when they get home lol
I should probably rely on technology a little less.
Did you know that when you hit your finger w/a meat tenderizer it hurts like a mofo?Yep.Sure does.I do not recommend you try this at home.
I love how it looks after a rainstorm. It looks beautiful <3
o this Pandora underground hip hop is tight!
Finished golf. Taking the second shower of the day. Just tring to stay cool
This voice for my test at work sounds like its a trainy
Sry ladies just finished cleaning old apt
Ug; very sorry to hear. Regrets.
3 more day till 2011 #sunsalute at the shala NYC! Reserve your mat space today and support yoga in NYC's public schools!
Heading to Battle of the Bay weigh in!!!
That is bottom line! Thanks for the kind words. Enjoy the rest of
See what you started, Scott? I blame you. RT who wears pajamas?
I attended the Narragansett tasting at Bert's Better Beers in Hooksett, NH. The Lager, Cream, and Bock were sampled
OK Then Goodnight to you too
Time to go get it, boys!
“ Ooh Yo call me I'm bored
Money and hoes
About 2 sit back an Drink some Bombay an Play Madden
RT : Keeping an eye on my East Coast friends this weekend. Stay as safe as you can. > Bal'more, NY, NC, PA, you're in my thghts
Oh can't forget the boy !
Good Morning, Lovers!
I've got 3 day weekends until mid-March now because of the shift in concert schedules. YEAH!
I posted your link to your books in the Ohio and Michigan communities on Facebook. It has been posted on the Youth site
I hope I live to the year 2069 so I can just laugh that entire year.
#omgyes !!!! You got any crazy summer plans, twin?
Serves you right. You violated their TOS.
seriously, you guys provide the most amusing study breaks ;)
...and while they administer to necessities of the sick, an opportunity will be afforded for administering the consolations of holy religion
Anyone want tickets for the Pink Floyd concert? F3 Row J seats 8&9, #tulsa Sat 5/5 - $450
Nobody loves trouble as much as me
I'll go just as far as Britney Spears!!! GET AT ME!
The person who is the hardest to forgive is the one who can teach you the greatest lessons
are you going to D.C. or the state?
"Omg, he is cute" "You think so? "Yeah, but don't tell him.." *Shouting* "HEY YOU! MY FRIEND THINKS YOU'RE CUTE!"
Whatever BITCH
Brainstorming about this years crawl. Email us your ideas!
Over this bitch.
i picked up the first book a while back. Made it about twenty pages.
Flicked over to #idol and this kid Just slayed that James Brown song. Wow! Serious talent
Yup...Madonna is old and super awkward. But I love me some Cee-Lo
Um, todays hip hop is just shit.
A: Not Detroit. RT Q: What city has the best public transportation?
Uhh, just heard this song called human by the killers on pandora and I have no clue what the fuck hes talking about?
Thanks, CB.
- which is why I loved it when they came to the 's parking lot!
Look At Matthew's pictures. Tell me how can you not see his mole from 4-6 ft away.
care to explain?
If u see somebody washing a car in the parking lot there's something very wrong wth tht
welcome to DC :)
I will get some water for u
I know I should be pulling for Ohio St for the Big Ten, but it's just so hard to do.
Nope, it didn't. Somebody
yeah thank god I'm so drained 😔😓😖
Congratulations to all the performers who were nominated and won at today's Young Artist Awards. WELL DONE
RT Having lunch and talking about the value of data #deduplication and
So much going on and too much on my mind! It keeps me up...wishing it could go away.
#iJustLoveItWhen I talk to someone and they know exactly how I feel.
can make $ at THE EROTIC .com
hey Austin you unfollowed me :(
it wasn't even scary, just hilarious :D
i let stuff gett to me to easily..
oh, thank you darling! Ur icon is so funny :D
Happy Monday everyone. Looking forward to beautiful #ABQ temps this week - highs in the 70s & 80s!
Key Largo Original Music Fest to Take Center Stage May 17-20 the return of Nashville's Melody Guy
Hm. You seem like a "hat girl", so something eccentric. Maybe an exclamation point shaped hat.
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Solar Lights FREE with a $25.00 purchase! 7 SKU's to choose from (Riverwest)
ohh.. okay I was just mkn sure.
1st verse: #Insongmia , my life right now
♥ Thank You Joan ♥
My mom is texting me bragging about her new iphone she just got...LOL
then i'm gonna push you off a cliff
Had a great time at the ATLKidzShow with Key Swag and other guest
Thanks so much for ur support!! It means a lot!!
Working on the final edit for my first book, will be available on Kindle by Jan 15th. Updates will continue to follow...
i wish we had another time i wish we had another place with
When a fem. horse & male donkey mate, the offsprng is called a mule, but when a male horse & fem. donkey mate, offsprng is called a hinny.
Penny Lane?
Hope you all had a good thanksgiving and black Friday now a chance to relax. Stop in and see us open till 9! :)
Thank you for spreading the word about & !
Me" ah....ah shit. Coach! What do I do?" Coach "oh shit. Meridith! That shits broke. That shits broken."
Lunch buffet in hyatt lobby only 10 bucks!
sup with these raffles who wants an ipad 3 ?!
Overheard... 2 LA fashionistas arguing over the Grai leather vest while lunching at La Provence! Who will get to it first?
Am I the only one who wants to keep my Facebook friends separate from my friends?
I still want a cockatiel. They're so cute!
And on the topic of gay marriage. It is simple. Equal rights. That is all that is being asked for.
great concept and so fun! ;)
rock that Handel, ! woo!
me either! Its killing me, im gonna have to reread the books in the meantime!!
hey guys i wanna say im impressed and if you need any NEW music i can offer you guys my music to use
The Post published Period elegance with modern twist
Come on! One more Grilli!
Life's Bitch, But Be A Pimp <3
So ready for bed.
If you love Sherlock Holmes and haven't seen Jeremy Brett, you have some work to do. Get to it.
Diana Derval just presented the Hormonal Quotient at the #Neuromarketing World Forum.Watch out for her new book in April!
This yr of all yrs, with influx of new TV network money, a ticket price hike by UO is nothing more than a money grab and slap in fans' face
Thursday Wind Down: Gluten free beer and snacks in the lounge from 5-7!
Congrats In the words of the late Al Davis..."Just Win Baby" the rest works itself out!
Hope your ready to be #1 #ItsPinkFridayHoeRomanReloaded!
Oh hi summer!
If you follow me, you obviously care about 35mm, which means you should also be following !
What's your favorite bamboo item? Is it our cool and comfortable t-shirts, or how about our ultra-soft and silky bed sheets?
Police looking for suspects. Public is NOT in danger. police say knives and guns were displayed but not used. Two victims taken to hospital.
lmao i cant wait!!
Fantastic! These kids are great
Nope! No dress code...if you're comfortable, so are we!
I watched the recently-released "Boyfriend" music video just now (don't judge). Is he kidding?
Yes! I always have snacks in the car for my hungry passengers.
Oh stop! Or before you know it, my mom will sign up for a Twitter account so she can catch all the breaking news.
my graduation cap looks dumb
Just finished taking part and speaking at the National Rumble young Man rumble black Male achievement Summit at Central High
Tomorrow is the last day anyone at fountain fort carson will see me aha :)
#HustlersWantANewATLSong because our ears are starving
Today, we celebrate. This is the reason we live.
#ndpl LYRASIS consults with members to complete digital projects; working with 11 public libraries and 12 state libraries
thank you. ☺
Besides Adrenaline rocking tonight at Mulligans 64, Mulligans is a great place to watch the grizzlies. Come on!!!!
Thank you for our 'Best of Austin' award! The most creative, fun & well run camps & programs for kids - we think so too!
If I had a quarter for every time I traded up and shagged someone out of my league I'd have about 8 bucks. (My league is a bowling league)
89% on constitution test!!!
it's in ya email my g
Intriguing idea - think there's something there. Up for discussing further.
I think even if you knock out all the other extreme tans and sunburns I've gotten in the past, this one alone would get me skin cancer
A night with vagina hurting.. may god be with us
You have covered The Sox a tiny bit though, any thoughts on Franconia getting fired? Respect your opinion on all sports.
BIG NEWS== WAFFLE HOUSE HASH BROWNS R THE SHIT.
Well, time to focus on the Yates game. Will be back with more updates later!
Or I start crying.
Need to beat the heat? Our skilled baristas are slinging icy-cold drinks all day long. Just sayin'..
how you tempt me to comment on your foursquare posts!
Religion is the reason the world is how it is.
I think the general idea is that a prototype is something you can show folks and wireframes, generally, are not. Extra steps.
The Show should bring back Ragger's Rail at baseball games.
palm trees in orlando. hey they have starbucks here
have fun at my old walmart
I just want to let you know I am not a weirdo :) I just really like ur tweets and stuff
I like when you can talk to someone, open up and tell them everything knowing what you said would never be herd by another:).
Congratulations Abdullah ! doesn't feel like yesterday when you first started college and were my student ! Now I feel old :(
SEO Tip #32 Give each page a focus on a single keyword phrase. Don ’t try to optimize the page for several keywords at once. Filed unde
3 weeks till Göteborg! SO EXITED !!!
Please visit the Minnesota Academic Excellence Foundation website at: www.maefboard.com
Green mint latte - refreshing and delicious.
wait... who is this?
To be uncertain is to be uncomfortable, but to be certain is to be ridiculous. -Chinese Proverbs
I'm volunteering at #CiL11 today, but hopefully I'll still be able to sit in on some sessions.
"Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal."
Thanks again to sponsors of last night's event, & , and to our hosts at !
New Social Studies #teachers: What did you feel was a waste of time in your methods class? Why? How to improve? Please RT!
good picks!
Thanks Dee!!!!
Lovin having this beautiful Friday off!
Please be my 100th follower and Please be 's 414th follower please WE LOVE YOU AO MUCH YOU ARE OUR HERO
Can't wait to leave for my mini vacation.
That website is addictive. crazy stuff!!
I should apply, as a full time sperm donor
they making sure the mpc renaissance have a slight sales problem when it drops. Good move for NI.
Day #8 of my drinking challenge....I feel fantastic!
This weather was crazy!
Come on Kansas you got this!
Females get mad cause we smash randoms...well ms.lady if u took care of home & didn't get on my nerves nagging & not doing the right thing
I wish I owned a boat. 👎
I wonder what the top imputed speed between any two stations is? #CaBiTT #donttrythisathome #BikeDC cc:
well thank you sir! Just trying to focus on finally having some fun ya know?
everything that Edgar Allan Poe writes is perfect. Well some are creepy but they're still good!
"Endlessly." Green River Ordinance. Someone is playing this at my wedding.
"There's no alcohol tonight? Bummer." "... We have to go pick up a wedding card and a few other things from the store."
yes i'm a big ol' bottom. glad you like watching me. i'm a huge exhibitionist
Sometimes a hug is all you need to fell better.
Any of my equip brokers out there selling a late model auto-platen foil stamper for under $250,000? email
Please reach out to me at so I have room to reply. THX Jen
Zizek, Camus, and Latour and a Ruby developer? Any one of those is a career :)
sounds like you had a good time. I'm on vacation next week, but you will have to tell me about it when I get back.
Hey soo... I was making my schedule for high school today, and who will take theatre with me? :)
. I think "bloggy" means designed for chronological posting, when he mostly wants static pages.
how dope would it be if they made World War Hulk a (GREAT) movie?
had a dream I went back to work at the agency I last worked at. very strange dream, as I've been gone from there for almost 2 years.
40 time was a bit slower this year than in years past. Wonderlic score was still high, though. That's what really counts, right?
John madden and pat summerall
haha weren't you in one of my pictures before?? Pretty sure you commented about it.
amen to that girl... And good morning to u
My Player Ways To Stay!
this Sunday at THE FARM// Short Fuse, These Streets Below, Beauty of The Beast, & Special Guests!
no doubt! Keep up the good work... & send us some pics of that Arizona Sunset
Losing pot after pot in absurd fashion. 51k with 4 hands left.
where is the party at?
From our seats Luke Babbitt with his new haircut looks like Detlef Schrempf. I wish I were watching those
just wanted to let u know that u may have a virus. U sent me a direct message about rumors about me?? I didn't open it.
"Tychasm is clearly a 1st and Anacasm a 2nd in the Peircian evolutionary triad..." An actual quote from my paper. #Igetpaidtodothis?
Ignoring the facts does not change the facts.
I know im crazy, lol
the sheer fact that I have a bin just full of empy purses and bags makes me hate life.
: So much! FInally! Someone understands me! lol
Back on campus at last and revving up for ... well, everything. First steps: sorting through piles of emails, prepping for desk hour at 3PM.
I tried something and it came out close to qnames :-) hence the joke. of course not :-)
Unreal! They better get their shit together in the 2nd half!
Oh, yeah. Just shattered the screen on my phone. Lucky, me. !
It's an awful way to feel, you feel so low like you can't go on
You're welcome & thanks ^.^
If I had a buck for everytime Capitalism is blamed for the problems caused by Government, I'd be an over weight filmaker with a baseball cap
Cleaning up the user interface on the VST Instrument plug-in...
I still have my Less than Jake fan club membership. RT Still in shock that I keep a Blockbuster membership card in my wallet
Friendly Rivals is tonight at Synod Hall in Oakland!! Don't miss out on this phenomenal concert! Tomorrow might sell out!
Hey Jillyan! Thanks for the video! The A.Skater event is at the Belmar, NJ Skate Park on the 20th from 11-1:00.
that was awesome but u coppied from beggining to end just sayiinn
Great to see at #LIDigital. What a great turnout. Anyone I missed?
Organic mint, lavender and citrus 3-packs are back in stock at JacksSoap.com! 3 bars are donated to a child in need with every purchase.
Your headshot is only a calling card. You're likability and talent will get you called back.
I am great. You should come out to one of my events this week. You down?
give us a shout out for #Bring1DToSeattle? Were doing our best to spread the word! :)
PrairieTykes: Wool Wonders Join us as we watch wool spinning, weaving and dyeing. We’ll get to see a sheep being sheared, too!
Omg what a Delicious dinner by Chef !!! I am so spoiled!!!!!!
Whats good twitter peeps! Happy Holidays to you and yours! "Sprinkle of Greatness" mixtape coming!
Turn up
50 followers already?
me too, you should just come and visit me for like a month at least!
Im on one
Today's #TuesdayTwitterTips provide 10 tech tips for a healthier heart. Enjoy!
: Private Skin Care Consultancy,Facials,&Waxing in LA &The Valley contact them at RT
Camtasia is great indeed! How have you used it to make your professional life a little better?
have a blessed & productive day everyone!!
Greg vs Jon tonight at the BC.
Wat tha hell is up wit fat girls wear short ass shorts these days
A foul tho
Allie the prettiest girl in any room such a stud, she'll take you in any competition funny and charming, every guys perfect girl
I'm seeing everyone getting RT by Im wishing, hoping, and praying that could be me <3 make my life and RT this??? (:
Active Network job opportunity: Manager of Online Account Management for Active.com in San Diego. Send qualified candidates my way...
I'm starting it tonight! “: Taking advantage of this long flight to DC to finally read Unbroken.”
Join us this weekend for HeArt For Cambodia! An art auction to raise funds for WWW.Childrescueinc. org
No one ever rings my doorbell.So naturally when it happened, I grabbed the closest weapon and assumed it was the killer.
#cw09 stenzel: is twitter sustainable for us?
why did you take your perfectly good text document, make an image of it, and save as .pdf?
I am clearly more hateful and threatened than you.
Why is ESPN talking about how shitty the Giants were and not how good the packers played. Media bias pisses me off.
Do y'all have volunteers working at the manchaca location? Do you need food?
I hope so, I'm tired of receiving notifications on my phone.
“ it wasnt me believe me
what a dress? imshocked! Lol . like a party dress?
I just gave +K on "raising the roof"
it's so fun!!
Who will be wearing Jim Nantz's beads by the end of the night?
Prez-cisely! Can't wait to see “: Finishing up my first #Prezi. would be so proud!”
also seems that the backdoor cutter against lefties keeps improving, making it an almost Rivera-like weapon in relief. I hope
Video Marketing is crazy awesome!
no, actually I just unfollwed you. -_- sorry. Lollol kidding. Boy am I funny.
Still time to win our shirt giveaway. Nobody has answered correctly yet. You must reply in the shirt giveaway tweet with the correct answer
RT I need a date for 21 Jumpstreet on Friday/I keep hearing about this. Is it near Surprise or Peoria?
i wish my brother wasnt a dick. I wanta play xbox to bitch.
On this day in 1926, the #TreatyofBerlin was signed between #Germany & the
#pharmaforum fav slide so far: be your meeting managers bff. Organized invoices with back up is critical especially with new regulations.
Anyone know the lowest scoring half in postseason history?
Well then.. I'm down!
close enough. Mine was boys have cooties.
watching the wizard of oz, thinking about ariana, and her great dorothy voice<3
Starting Monday, our website will feature a new Beating the Recession vertical...a must read in this uncertain times.
neck deep in #mplus watching #cosmos for 1045846th time.
HA ! Male if you don't sit your ass down somewhere. Your an ex learn your place your not caling no damn shots. Kiss my ass bitch.
Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox.
Oh how a good night sleep makes everything seem better!
Audition tip #6: Better to be assumed cocky than too humble! Act like you Want it! Not Need it!
I think the concept 'away' has gone away. It's not about zero waste its about eliminating the concept OF waste- McDonough
Peace, Love & Soul
It is great to be alive
Only 5 weeks to start training for #halfmarathon in #SanDiego. Any tips or workout plans?
Oh my, that's just too adorable.
Watching a talk on information overload. "only 5% of our time is left for thought and contemplation." Wish I had that much.
"Zora Neale Thirstin", a bar I would go to on name alone
dude, you're going to need some listerine to disinfect your mouth after you eat that tainted cantaloupe
Also, nine assist/point double-doubles over last 21 for Rondo plus two triple-doubles.
damn girl, you look good as hell in this photo! :)
seriously you got got some great passes today...from the other team
Thanks for stopping in, what did you pick out?
go play in traffic? Would Justin like you saying that?
If you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything.
It took 6.5 hours of coding frustrations.. but I made it to firkin thursday in time to sit at the bar. Now to breathe again :-)
This has to be done over... You're staying late..no over time
#boyfriendUK is a worldwide trend CHECK IT OUT NOW!!!!!!!!! #ILOVEYOU #BOYFRIEND IS ON THE RADIO RIGHT NOW TOO WHAT A GD LIFE!
its been a while since i said i love you to a guy and meant it.
thanks for the follow!
tentatively it will be the 7-14th maybe the 16th if i wanna stay a couple more days to visit... locking in the dates by next weekend
Great to connect w/you!
Thanks guys, I remembered Google Cache just after I posted that tweet and got the screenshot of Kirmse's message for the blog post.
I have tickets to "Electric Guest" playing the Foundation room. YEAH!!!
Hubby was the TV for the game - counting on my tweeple to live-tweet the #GoldenGlobes red carpet!
Aw yey sam, I fancy your dimples so much omfg.. ps glad you won
or they simply wont move after season to LA
Leaning back :)
Who's ready for the Jingle Bell Run tomorrow? We are so excited!!!
One way to up your running pace is to accidentally get mixed up with a JV track team on the jogging trail.
I was just making sure you weren't in town but not hanging out with me again! :)
no junior can .
"9th Company" - A Russian film based on real events that took place on Jan 8, 1989, on height 3234 in Khost province, Afghanistan.
Happy Ash Wed everyone!
THANK YOU! Kudos for responding back so quickly.
Come on in RT Hey ladies! we need to invite to in
cause u threw me in the trash o_O
Second celeb citing in NYC: Ginger from gilligans island. Passed her while getting on theM15 bus, was told I'm sitting in her seat
TY for the #FF and your kind words! I appreciate you.
Looks great, sounded like everyone loved them! #yumm!
yeh idk thought he was sad cause I lived kinda far
I can out drink for sure
Starting Friday we add lunch items to our menu! More details coming soon :)
I wanna ride on the back of a chopper with Daryl
I have a Platinum at home and just bought the Office Pro for my office. Big fan.
Meek Mill ft. Drake - Amen>>>> That's my cut!
ETA TO THE BIG APPLE 3 HOURS
R.I.P. Donna Summer
Fanboy And Chum Chum!
"In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future.. Alex Haley (American Author)"
This is not the leg you're looking for.
I hate those smh
i hate u rite this sec for tweetin tht
ah, yeah. i missed that. i think i was showing a guest out while he was doing sports. but as you're listening keep giving feedback!
No, I am not, Kyle. My trigger finger's just slow. Also, the day-laborers weren't here yesterday. Oh, you mean "libido", no?
I've just uploaded all my most cherished music to Google Music. Now Big Brother knows everything.
lol for real bro there is not one good thing about these movies
We are on it!
With a clear vision, we gain immeasurable strength. We are SS&Si Dealer Network.
A very special hello to my newest followers
Always a good sign when you walk into a photographer's studio and they're blastin Michael Jackson.
my nigga reminds me of my niggas #VA 2 #PA. That commonwealth system breeds animals. KEEP GRINDING!!!
you know i will
Only roughly 29 more hours until I'm immersed in the vast array of beers at the tomorrow!
Lunch will keep us together :#ReplaceLoveWithLunchSongs #TheHashtagGame”
Messing around with ThinApp by VMWare. I might have a new favorite application!
going to bed. text me. bye (:
New Around Town on #Cincinnati channel 411 on opening day parade- Complete with Joe Morgan!
Sometimes it just really hits the spot, doesn't it?! Now you're making me hungry, must raid fridge. :)
already went
Considering making a short documentary. "Nerds meet nature"
damn! I thought we were re-connecting. :)
Only 5 more days to nominate your company for a free breakfast! Tweet at and use hashtag #AdminProfWeek by 4/16.
#Clippers take the lead. #WhatAcomeback #
You Best Facebook This Shit!
did u meet gaga??
your bars are shit compared to mine fake. Let's hit that invisible lawyer of your up. Where's your manhood female?
Love sitting next to trouble makers at conferences! Learning so much
HELLO MACTRAK..THE ATLANTIC BETWEEN US..WISHED WE WERE CLOSER..U HAVE TALL TREES 4 SQUIRRELS IN SCOTLAND?..F/S..
Need a like button in Twitter. :) I so agree with this one. My husband has to be tolerant as well.
Jack: yes i know, she is canadian american. But we will try to treat her like a normal human baby
A rainy day in Fire Island Pines town
Over 300 followers!! Thanks for the love. Themuseumgirl adores you all!
Wyclef's website yele.org the only reputable site to donate Haiti that I know of, if there's another legit one please post.
Holla at u clowns in the A.M....
#DWTS roshon did an amazing job!
Then check out those guys - a bit more boutique: www.butterlane.com :-)
Occupy (a table in a Starbucks near) Wall Street
but your still a good wrestler one of my favorites actually.
taking final steps for graduating from the University...
I can't wait til im in memphis for the summer so we can hangout!
Hahaha. A day in the life of #Amsterdamage. Love it, and miss it.
Mama Mahone we love you so much thank you for everything you have done for us and we are so blessed to have you and your son
Heyy are you Stephen Cox's little brother?
Many many thanks! Having a great night at the park! RT Glad you got the tickets ok! Have a great time!
Speaking at #MacWorld next week re: museum and art apps for the iPad. What's YOUR favorite? Make a nomination!
Thanks! I mostly drank a lot of ice tea and read over my notes before it was my turn to talk
I already made one lol! Everyone come and talk to me and ask me questions I am bored!
In vegas video dj convention and playing poker
Back at it today. Time for a run, then teaching my night class tonight.
Be sure and read "Jealousy's Rage" by Melissa Smitk. And "Full Circle" by Anne Maven.
Hello It's somones birthday here and we would love to have you @ 20th and K.... if you bring the treats!
Chicago you are pissing me off with this weather
mau main games? admin minta vote ya ~.
Wish I could be like her
Good morning.
... you cannot be trying to drown your parentals in debt for your wedding. That mess will rear its head on you soon as they retire.
Beautiful evening for sitting outside apt building having left keys inside. Least I can enjoy spring weather.
I am saddened to hear of GWAR's loss...
:( Thanks for sharing it. Hopefully writing about it got you a little closer to being at peace with it.
#dry as the desert over here woooh team nv
HAPPY KINGS HOCKEY DAY!!!!
baked chicken, steamed cabbage, & cornbread from scratch..chef boyarTEE has done it again..Rachel Ray gotta come on wit it...
Wow, this #kentuckywildcats game isn't much of a game. But it feels nice to rub it in Georgia's face.
Who in the hell is J. Cole?
fa sho we can do it like old times…. (30 pack of Natty's) lol
too kind!
You're right! The article and and the test are excellent! Thanks. Relief to know I'm still gritty, just a little fuzzy at the mo!)
Buenos Dias / Good Morning ! :-)
fucking douche! RT : If you have Brett Lawrie on your fantasy team, make a pick up fast. He threw his helmet at an ump.
Libraries and school libraries help somewhat...with book talking.
7 Signs You Should Run Screaming From An SEO Consultant
He who does not trust enough, will not be trusted. ~Lao-tzu
Don't forget 'Chicagoland'. RT : Which is the worst: "Beantown," "The Big Apple" or "La-La Land?"
And 3) The series ended on cliffhanger!! What a fucking waste of time. (This is what happens when I stumble upon random reruns)
Trinity Shamrocks win State Title on St Patricks Day
I know I know...it's disastrous. lol :'D
Just stole 6 boxes of cookies from troop 6547...you think that's low??? You should see our prices! ~ Mattrezzz Guys!
Vegas bound w & my childhood friend (:
is working on Rusty Cooleys Arpeggio Maddness DVD. It is Almost done editing
And baby this just beginning, so get it, let’s don’t stop it, just get it, leggo, go-go, go-go, GO KILL EM!
Hosting a networking event. 250 georgetown univ alums expected. Come to EDEN tonight!
ladies u gotta follow ur boy
CONGRATS you're our 200th follower! DM us with your info and our will personally bring you a shirt and copy of our album!
We want to see everyone's pictures today!
Facebook: *Scrolling down your newsfeed thinking:* "don't care'' "Whore" "Your life sucks" "Song lyrics" "Inside joke?" "Needs a therapist."
I blame the hat trick on the dollar dogs last night
I can't have this conversation on Twitter.
Thank you and ! #adwkdc loved having you! Hope to see you again next year!
I forgot how great the Mac OS is compare to Windows. I can do things so much faster!
Nice! I wish I had a beautiful symmetrical skull like yours so I could pull that off.
Your weak mainly because your opinion doesn't hold weight
It's 9:07 and I still haven't been home
um we may have to pick another day.
The 1-8 4-5 Bracket at this moment (no rando, no rose) has to be one of the worst of all time
I don't know if these old ladies are talking about me or
I created a Buy Now button, it defaults to Qty 1. How do I let my buyers change the quanitity and buy more than one?
Nothing will ever beat our game of bananagrams, obvi.... playing Boston on the 8th, so probably not agin for a few months...
now live in Spain, but in summer I live in Los Angeles... in Long Beach :)
I should tweet right when I wake up more often
I know I can dream :/ haha let me know when u out in SA for playoffs
"I'm on this new diet. Well, I don't eat anything; and right before I feel like I'm going to faint, I eat a cube of cheese."
What a weekend
if you love me you'll let me wear a kilt.
Girls tennis: 1 entrant still alive at districts for Canby with doubles team of Ashley Evans/Morgan Meisenheimer playing in Round of 16 now.
Rainy day in Atlanta. Looking forward to some interesting meetings today! ^Carel
About to eat this Church's and Sundae from Checkers.
Thank you Cauldronettes, over $1000 raised for at today's tailgate!
my two fingers got hit with a softball. and hurt really bad. and got hit in a couple other places :p
Nice sign! Love your work!
do you have a link to that, or just the girl saying she didn't know the guy on the forums?
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great - Zig Ziglar. Keep smiling.
Beautiful day for a womens soccer match. Field looks great! Too bad our american football team is going to ruin it next week...
The quality of an opportunity is often inversely related to the qty of information available.
Me trying on bathing suits. Mom:"Your ass looks flatter than an ironing board." Nice.
Will be in #Brooklyn Sunday, 11/6, 5PM with S.J.Rozan and Stephen O’Connor for “Sundays at Sunny’s Grand Finale”!
>>>MLM News! Life Peak( New Company Listing )
RT " Going out to moon gaze... Super moon I'm ready for you."
GREAT choice!!! That's my personal favorite to play on stage! ;) be sure to Like us on FB!
Wow i think im just going to give up on getting to follow me cus clearly NOTHING is working :((
use your tablet...
I have worked 54 hours this week.
How gonna say he needa talk to me but he not textin me back.
um nice try
Wow #Tupacs essence captured in a hologram....industry #slavery more than just a record contract.
#Davey #Lopes named to #Dodgers staff
My showers keep getting longer and more relaxing...because of lots of #showertweeting and #showertexting! Thanks
YES! "I wish monkies could skype!"
There is a familiar face in the November issue! We will bring some copies over in the morning :)
Hello Sydney you can send it to desirablemag.com/submission
i know.
10 Best Cities for Cheapskates
Breaking triumps over..everything. Peep celebreak.net for more info on it!
Shes amazing!!!RT : Yes Jessica! That's it!!
Schools and offices will be closed Dec. 19-30 for winter break. Classes will resume Monday, Jan. 2. Happy holidays!
Windows 98 2nd ed. was just fine. But today's Internet would not fit. So should machines keep getting bigger?
a friend will calm u down when your angry, but a best friend will skip beside u with a baseball bat singing "someones gonna get it"
All we do is #Scrap in the gym
This is Nathan's sister, Emily, hijacking his twitter so that everyone knows - today is Nathan's Birthday! Show him some love!
So you fancy huh? Oh you fancy huh?
A successful person is 1 who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her. ~ David Brinkley
Have you ever heard “I don’t have time to network”? #Networking is something we can do any time and any place as long as we are open to it.
Listen to our session as we get ready to play 5 shows in the next month.
What are your Friday night plans? Me: Movie, dinner & fireplace w/ my husband...it's supposed to be in the high 30's tonight!!
Hey Justin, hows life man? We should get together some time!
Tom Crean definitely just drove by me on a golf cart with Cody Zeller
At Graduation I wanna walk across stage & grab my diploma say "Fuck you bitchezzzz." Flip everyone off then casually walk off stage.
Votes beginning on Sen. 's amndmnt to expedite #KXL pipeline w/ caveats...including no export of KXL oil.
oh shit! What up Ant? How you been bro? Long time
Lmao superteam...the heat went cold!
Finally caught up with GHOST WRITER; Polanski's visual precision and control of atmosphere is always a joy to behold.
Perfect way to start the morning RT": The Shakespeare Twittuh is on Hamlet. Love it."
Bidding for last (alleged) bottle of "white out" that isn't dried out begins shortly...
Finally caved and downloaded an "allergy alert" app to track pollen counts. Guess this means I can't be I denial abt developing allergies?
haha. Dude.... My exam today.... Ehhhh
haha thanks, you're a pretty good drawer yourself :)
they are giving away $100 to top tweeter. I'm trying to win. Lol
Welcome to Twitter from a long-time Wisconsinite and Ohio native.
How is the host of the bachelor splitting from his wife!?
hm. Wonder what wild life used to live in abandoned field where Tampa Trump Towers was supposed to be?
Just saw a dead baby fox on 16th st...my heart is broken :(
tell him to give up if she doesn't like him he shouldn't torture himself.
Americans are raised to blame the poor for being poor, and to honor the rich for doing what is necessary to be rich and stay that way.
I'm liking the two toned fro on Letterman tonight
Avery Bradley and Rondo compliment each other well. Really solid backcourt combo.
RT : Thanks for following, fellow #sagaftramerger supporters: and...
Tweet frequency? I follow both low-frequency Twitter users and high-frequency ones. Depends on personal style & goals.
MN <3 check out our jams and let us know what cha think home boy! soundcloud.com/iamforyou
Livejournal appears to be down right now. Hopefully it resurrects itself soon.
Putting together RFB for freelance & agency work. Focus: B2B tech & eCom branding. Have any rec's? Send em over! please RT!
Yo the lovely wants to know what's cooking!
i agree but hey they made it and the new album kicks ass for sure
“: Just did my last 6 mile run before the London marathon this sunday. Gonna represent NYC hard!” *clicks like button*
hahaha I was so confused! But then I realized it was in Celsius haha
Social Media 101 - Watch the video and join the revolution www.easysocialnow.com
I did what they said I wouldn't.
hope you enjoyed the article drew!
I really want cuzzins right now. Who wants to go with me? how bout you ?
If you're not by my side...
Not sure how much of Seal's story I am buying...
I remember criticism when rappers were promoting malt liquor. So why are we ok with them promoting Gentleman Jack?
you love it :p
Someone on my tumblr feed clearly searched for the tag, "cute Asian babies"
wow!!cool!!:))wht position do u in??
Yoooo WTF????....people really breakin windows at the chicken shack ....#sadness....people really need to get a
When I don't show remorse for my sin, I have no reverence for my Savior and what He did on the cross.
Didn't know about recording IEP, District and Specialists lied under oath at due process hearing. ALWAYS record IEP's. Protect your children
So is it true that if you join the CIA you get paid in singles?
when it comes 2 shows such as Malibu country how do they pick the cast?? Was this written 4 u?? IT SOUNDS PERFECT 4 U!! LUV YA :))))
I think its about to rain .... :/
Wow!! That just happened! Dream come true. Who can tell me who this guy I'm singing with is? On cloud 9!
Life, Love, and Liberty...
I hate that the one pic makes me look like I have a big gut lmao..
I've used Macs before - hated them. Through and through.
RMFTRMFT #uff ": MY BABY CHRIS BROWN ON DANCING WITH THE STARS 😍💙💜💚❤💗”
I should do my homework, but I just need new clothes so brb shopping time
Have you seen their pitching staff?? RT: Hang in there. This is not a sub-.500 team
Gas is stupid. So is any car related expense.
#Huntsman to challenge #Obama in Dem primaries. He'll come second in every primary, claim momentum ("ticket to ride") n then endorse Obama
I still love wiz regardless
Thanks for giving us a try! Keep us posted on how things go :)
Pork rinds, Bottom Dollar and crates full of liquor.
Chillin' at the Inner Harbor with my family on a beautiful Baltimore evening. Tons of people out running, strolling, etc.
We found another black lab named Henery. :) Oracle and the Mountain's bass player talked about him on this weeks podcast.
OBSESSED WITH ( #Frenemies ) :D
