Just talking to people :')
About time for Kyle Williams to go crawl in a hole?
Snagged a great spot at metro center 12th and G, it was a tight squeeze but we made it, so come get your tacos!!
Hector Enriquez (D-El Paso) vs Mary Gonzalez (D-Austin) for HD #75. If you want somebody working 4 El Paso as your state rep, vote Enriquez.
Enjoying the regional accent of Sir John Burn at
Just got booked for work in #LA #NYC #Chicago #DC #StLouis #Houston #Orlando and #ROC! -- Only way to describe that... #AnsweredPrayer :)
How can LePage tell the unemployed to get off the couch when he looks like he spends most of his waking hours on the couch eating Cheetos?
.. steve harvey sounds like mr. t !?!! lol .. o_O
sweet pic, bro.
From'97-'99. Still haven't visited the new library. Actually didn't know it was open. Have to see it next time I'm there...
We're so excited!!
How is your weekend going so far?
I got some much swag! Is that why you mad??? Lol
It better mean a good butt chewing by McCarthy.
I couldn't see but I'd rather have icy face than be very wet!
Meeting for some Pickles love. Wish you were here !
I love but can't stand her in Weeds
": The All-American Showcases will be one stop shopping fo quality availables!!
made it only intuition.
things you don't usually see at the library... a bird flying in the stacks and hopping around on the floor
Soup is such a quick and easy lunch, spice it up with some herbs and add some nutrients by throwing in fresh or frozen veggies!
"As a prisoner for the Lord, then, I urge you to live a life worthy of the calling you have received." - Ephesians 4:1
I would literally crap myself if or followed me. #dreambig and #neversaynever right? (:
woo. Aha. What ride are you on?
I love you all
Thanks for the RT. We're very excited about it.
We're writing about the city of Milwaukee's plans for the 30th St. Industrial Corridor this Sunday in our Crossroads section.
full band practice tonight.. can't wAit to play some shows!!
I'm sad
#Apple incentives deal back before Travis County Commissioners Court. Staff going over amended particulars now
I'm not glorifying my experiences, I'm just shedding light on the situation.(:
#BEATCANCER Justin Bieber!
Smartcars remind me of steve urkle
Work willingly at whatever you do, as though you were working for the Lord rather than for people Colossians 3:23,
A magician never tells their secrets...except to jugglers.
can't stop sleeping.
AND happy mother's day!
the worst is when you see a female wearing ed hardy.
dropped my lunch during last Wednesday prep. NEVER mess with an offensive man's hot pockets.
STARS N STRIPES ON THE WAY
Today is the big day: Balboa Idol & Festival of the Arts! It's gonna be fun!
Could be a guy thing, blame the refs!
in other news, apparently members of the wiggles look like the gym teacher from diary of a wimpy kid.
Expand. Fill us in.
#Romney to win #Wisconsin, Fox News projects
Have been eating like crazy, pizza is my new salad.
My stomach has been killing me for days and I can't afford to see a doctor.
I'd be scared of a bs heave to make it shooting foul
Yay! We'll be there shortly!
Staring at a dead body in a movie to see if you can catch them breathing.
is life saver. Just saying.
I SO need a dress that buttons down the front. Watching
The wife has pumpkin pie and whip topping in the fridge.... No chance it last til thanksgiving
Pets with long, floppy ears need regular ear cleaning. There's a great feel -good recipe for healthy ears at www.wholepetdiet.com
I was just at the one on San Marco in Jacksonville. Playing a bum for a film this afternoon.
Not so awesome at 16. :(
King Hippo reference by the Miz. Awesome
Brian Wilson's Act is elementary. You're a baseball player.. leave the ron burgandy and contrived absurdity to will farrell.
Snitches are bitches that end up in ditches.
Oh wow. That's crazy! Are you going to be getting paid double?
thank you for my Valentines day gift!
Everyone Love A Winner
if u haven't already responded say if someone asked u to sweetheart would u say yes?
you're cute.
Well... here's hoping I make it to class unscathed. Good luck out there, central Florida! Stay safe!
Thank you all for your prayers and support. Today was a good day despite the randomness the morphine causes - which at least makes us smile
RT : RT to #WIN a brand new rug from ! Winners are selected daily!
Thanks for the Larry how are you?
it was to good to be true :(
Its Maddieee (: Long time no talk
Dear potential scammers: pick a dumber target. I'm way too cynical to fall for your obviously fraudulent schemes.
#weneedacurefor the Lakers losing streak, turmoil in the middle east, and cancer (not necessarily in that order).
- I must have thought you offered former big league catcher Brian Harper
LOL, I love things that make me laugh - thank you for liking my backdrop! Ur so sweet!
Berrics need a video game!
nice. Congrats!
Fucking bitches left & right my dick is ambidexterous
Don't mess with me when I'm in this mood. Please don't. Unless you want your head ripped off
they are homosexual. except the fact.
So if Bama wins against LSU..r they national champs? They'd be 1-1 wit LSU and hav same record. + LSU won S.E.C title! Okst should b there
thanks for being such a great fan. We're going to keep on pushing so stay tuned. We're writing and recording now.
I would definitely recommend it. It's one of 's favorite books of all time.
I work till 8 on Thursday=(
first 48, 1st 48.. they be goin' ballistic in the white room
The Brewer room is coming along really well. Waiting for the yellow to dry before the second coat. Then my special twist
So took my dog to the vet and apparently she is stressed out and it's giving her stomach problems apparently that stress stuff is contagious
Hey #libchat, I'm Christina, high school noobrarian up in the Mitten (AKA Michigan).
I think Ricochet's eye contact just fell out.
I can't wait until you have a startup job and then stay in hotels that don't replenish the crack order form.
If you have a chicken who is into any kind of philosophy, most likely they're going to be an eggistentialist. -My husband
They got a whole lot to say but I don't listen
here's to the honey badger #7!
Hello, you two!
thanks for the follow... Site will be live soon... Looking or models!
Texting my ex's mom again.... i love her haha
So we have a new Friday special! Have you tried it yet!?
great steak & potato co. In terminal 4
Too bad God doesn't hate... God is Love.
Trainer “Sunny” Jim Fitzsimmons, also a Hall of Famer, holds the record for trainers with seven Wood Memorial winners
thanks so much!!! I love your avi too!!
haha yea i have no friends :(
It's almost time for the midnight celebration...come out to Irvin Mayfield's to celebrate with the Best Emerging Artists!!
Great to meet you, too! Thanks for such a lovely piece on
Like how do all you sober people do It? I hate boredom
yeah a REALLY long time ago but this was the FIRST time he noticed me(: he only followed me that day
"Some girls are just so approachable with arms wide open...others just glare"
You never have been able to make up your mind have you?
would that be happy cry i wouldnt want to make u sad
got picked up early today i seriously miss way too much school...
my house loves you too Melanie!!! And we admire your public profession of faith in God! Many blessings to you
obviously "morning". :)
it's awesome!
Benny!: Director Cameron Crowe has confirmed his upcoming Pearl Jam documentary will debut in September.”
Hosting a Lunch & Learn for Local Real Estate partner this morning at Geckos.
ppl w/ mental health issues are supposed to be safe in hospital.
As a first principle, all decided or strong odors are in bad taste. (1850)
I'm totally gonna call u outRT Best part of #ThrowbackWeekend. I know what u all look like and u have no idea what I look like
Of course the only dicks sporting goods close to me has to be in Wilton manors.
"No one has asked what will happen if we don't merge school systems and how it will impact children," said Tomeka Hart, MCS board member.
suits come with registration cost
me too
The only CATch is you have to show up in blue & gold and scream for 2 1/2 hours!
Mixed week so far. I had an article published in the ACTE Techniques magazine this month. I also had a proposal rejected for ACTE Vision.
#AskBieber best 3 minutes of my life, can you come to boston...........
Girls concert tonight. Good show and lots of plaid. Lots. Of. Plaid. Oh, hipsters. You're just too cute.
Why do sports analysts say, "That should not have been called in that situation..." ? Fouls and penalties don't have situational rule books.
Love the Call of Duty commercial. Talk about some star power. Geeks have truly taken over the world. Yay!
sorry...it was bath night with the Murphy kids. Did xtina pee in the tub?
restoring calm wouldn't have been necessary in 1st place if #Trayvon's civil rights had been heeded by both Zimmerman AND police
AT&T said I can get any phone I want for free!
By Pythagoras' Therom!
I heared the boys saw you yesterday. Sorry I wasn't there. hope u had fun though! ^_^
#monsterenergydrank , shower, and then test :)
The 99% Declaration Selects Votenet to Conduct Delegate Elections for Constitutional Convention 2.0 Event
If your telling me "She knows you better than anyone" Then what was I when we were friends?
shoots with PAUL MITCHELL tomorrow!!!
How did I end up at fright night?
Morning Tweets x
Have a great time Laura! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
People shouldn't use work Outlook for personal stuff. Someone has a "Hair Removal" appt tonight at 8pm. I don't even wanna know.
thanks for the love! :)
eff you youtube for blocking the last 2 parts of Taking 5!!!!!!
Don't fall for the violent people in the Seattle May Day protests. They are supposed to cause chaos. Only fight with love people!
Pour some sugar on me \m/
Oh, yeah, baby! Wouldn't miss it!!!
Now following
Lol.. He is such a fool
**the voice** "GUYYYZZ HUDDLE" huhuhuhuh i'm terrible.
Liking somebody is hard business! I am that person who is ready to get married after the first week of a crush.
Eat rolled oats for breakfast or add oat bran to your morning cereal as it fills you up and helps to prevent mid morning snacking.
In the midst of Volunteer Appreciation Week! There are simply not enough ways to say "thank you" to our incredible volunteers!!!!
Dammit McCarthy!! throw the red flag!!
my new research keyword is ecobiopsychosocial health
The Best Head Come From a Thug.
Taking flight
my friends back east told me to "eat shit" re: the strength of MWC after friday, so I'm done ranking conferences...
Katy Perry. Cookie monster. Camel Toe. Word...
i told her one day fuck how it taste i shoot it how it cum
congrats on his 1st pro goal
Tweetie was causing problems with multiple Twitter accounts - any suggestions?
Looking forward to watching! Best of luck from the team of Colin Mullan Racing.
could not sleep at all and now I'm awake at 6am. on the bright side..after numerous cups of coffee I can get a lot done today!
Please link to actual stories, not just the homepage.
Well I hope folks out there had a better Valentine's Day than I did. Ugh! Love is not in the air around here. The flu, yes. Love, no.
RT : Anyone using Rofo/Real Estate Pro for #LinkedIn (turnkey app for #CRE to market listings and showcase expertise)?
Drowsy Chaperone time!! First of 2 shows today
My wife gives me plenty of lotion. No Ashy Terry here.
u need a ride?
More people following me, means that I'm going global soon. Well peace 
Last call.
I miscounted. We have an odd number of people this year--51. Dammit, I had it worked out so well, too.
yes, thankfully. Alot more energy than last night
Sure. and I will work on something.
lol hahaha i was like news flash guys his b-day was a while ago!:) lol
It's absolutely meddling with something that's already perfect. One of the few things I deplore your viewpoint on.
Thanks for following me :). I look forward to your updates!
In the studio shooting while listening to Diver Down.
i am good sir, just trying to get back into the bodyguard business. any advice. thanks
oh? the account was hacked after I sent that.
Good morning ~~~~~
RT The hardest thing about exercise is to start doing it. Once you get on a regular schedule, the hardest thing is to stop.
i love you too xD
#MMENIGHTS is coming to life more more as the summer gets close....Join us as we Shoot video for our Blog @ NOTTE this FRIDAY...
"I don't think they've given us too many problems, personally." Alright, LeChoke. Let's go. Bring it. GO #PACERS!
yes, next weekend!
followed!!! Thank you ♥
Have to be up in #6hours #wideawake that's what I get for #napping all day!
Before I get drunk, naked, thrown in jail, and/or loose my damn phone... Happy New Year!!!!
all the way from Ontario? Wow! :) nice to connect!
is amazing<3
Mhm! David wants me to move to Cali. ;)
Lots of 3-putts, several F bombs, 2 lost balls, but no club throwing. Overall a great golf round and would be proud.
"The scent of flowers cannot travel against the wind, but the scent of good deeds travels in all directions." The
i remember i used to say "tho" then switched to "doe" now im back on "tho"
We heard crickets at the end of February here! But no lightning bugs yet... Wonder what part of the country calls them fireflies...
Getn dressed headn to see my babies
This will happen.
That's true. And that someone probably never will. It's not like I need the temptation, after all.
Where are you located? Also, can't DM you b/c you aren't following me ;)
I actually googled Slowbro tail. Make sure safe search is off.
WHERE THE FUCK IS MY FUXKIN BOWL IM SO FUCKIN HEATED RIGHT NOW
When it comes to money black folk seperate
Thanks so much for the follow! Matthew Ethan Davis, Writer In Residence, Ticket to Eternity Productions
thank you so much!!
#shoutout new followers
Thanks for following back! And thanks to all of our new followers!
#ff Great Mets fans & great New Yorkers:
Wow..whats next?!! Cyprus Drops Gambling Charges Against Grannies
gimme the info
So there is this dude in Ohio... He is awesome... Did I forget to mention he is now mine? Indeed. Back off, bitches. ;3 <3
nice INT!!! that makes 3 and counting!!
Would love to attend next year. Hope you have a great conference!
If you're nursing, you will generally get one volcanic poop diaper every day or two, the rest just wet.
Hope you brought a change of clothes, cause your eyes are about to piss tears.
wow. I love Martina and want to root for her, but she was terrible. and why would they make her dress like that?
Hell of a scrimmage! Defense won the battle. 5 out 6 drives stopped including a pick six. O moved the ball all night.
we're the lifee of the partyy, even though all our haters are showin' up.
I can't stop listening to "Just Another Birthday". UGH. So good.
postal museum after hours.. #partylikeamuseumnerd?
If he does not resign, the rc church will eventually implode, Irl is now a post rc society.
thanks and we are!!
tell me more about online business
you and me both. Hope things start happening soon for us both.
#edshow Just found ELIZABETH WARREN's Native-American name: She-who'll-give-us-free-things....
I wish a nigga wood like a tree n this bitch
thank you for the RT!
oh lawd! i was fina say!
Hey babe ♥
Really dont feel like being here
no not really :) hbu?
Anybody have a good technique or method for saving CSS changes made in Firebug?
right on! When you coming home again? I believe me, you, and need to hang out!
Thank you for the shout-out!! :)
ha! I love it. Better reason than many I suppose!
I 💙💗💜💗💚💗❤💗💛💗 my bestfriend she is the funniest person ever she really knows how to make me 😊 i💓you Girly
damn! I love a good boo fay!!! ya heard?
I can give you my exwifes number as long as you don't mention my name lol.
R Kelly's "I believe I can fly" is the most obnoxious song. But "trapped in the closet" is the BEST movie EVER. :p
Did you know that a brewed cup of coffee is the most chemically complex beverage on earth?
Chris is editing the Movie Trailer for the Kickstarter Video
your one liners kill me
Stoked to see and our buddies at tonight!!
When two people care about each other, they'll always look for a way to be together
Fifth season of Fringe greenlit? NIIIIICCCCEEEE.
Love the dog vs. pool video!
Resigned as Treasurer of the Rochester ISSA - freeing up my Volunteer energies for new exciting causes and ideas! Look out!
Alex have you cried yet
First day back at work after vacation. 9:21am and already being bowled over by URGH.
La Gloria
Boo, you whore.
Understatement of the night...Sid to Flower when he was leaving the ice..."Nice Job.".
Keep the Vikings in Minnesota! Love is no fun without hate!
and no sugar, extra jetlag.
Listening to Philadelphia Sinfonia play Haydn 101. Really fine playing! I would have never guessed these are students.
Ha, just discovered your profile. Well done.
even more than criminal minds
That ishh was bananas RT came to Our photoset captures the sexy,sweaty party that transpired
Yes, this is a MUST win despite what some ppl say
Going to Seattle in a few weeks I found out....never been on the west coast....
i bet u were =p
My hands feel like death. And I'm sick of hearing "International Love" on the radio.
OMG! finally I'm ungrounded! Im so Happy!!! :D
Safari Cup Coffee will be there. Stand#90 with micro roasts & a Senga suprise from Ethiopia. See you there.
Hey there old buddy old pal!
come by the lab...dis beat crazy
txt me bro(: and u need a picture on this lol.. everyone follow him(:
send us a note at and we can def try to find a solution for you! :)
Put on a sweatshirt then remembered how much my ex used to hate it, still wearing it of course :3
If they have open house b4 school starts,take him to see his room & meet the teacher. Once he gets into the routine, he'll be fine.
#raw10 Ur Ghetto: if u get on Welfare 2 get a EBT card, go to a super market, hoping someone is buyin groceries w/Cash, so you can pay 4 it.
Thank you for donating to our Kickstarter campaign and helping to spread the word about #pyrotopia! And thanks to all who voted!
Good luck!! Huge 2 points today and Sunday vs Charlotte!
I've layered sweaters that don't match. It's okay. I'm a writer, I'm allowed to be eccentric.
hey nephew im still young...
Truly, but such a great contemplation to catapult yourself out of the minutiae....
so much laughter is had right now. Next time I drive to margate I'm coming to your liquor store to give you a high five
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing custom homes throughout San Antonio TX.
RT : When you go to the movies, put your phone on "Lebron Mode" ...no ring.
stir fry tofu and broc?
Madagascar 3? Yes, please! Looks hilarious.
Wow...Stunning! A great place to be.
Just accessed the most up to date airport information through flypittsburgh.mobi It's so great to know!
Thanks for sharing your feedback. We'll be following up to ensure that that's not happening!
you can hang out with me ):
great thanks
Albuquerque has a lot of great musicians! Don't let them hide! Support your local artists!
he is jealous partner !!
#Accountability & #Sustainability are important to Int'l #Development. Sustainability works in #Socent. What about Accountability?
My mother. MY mother does not want Chick-fil-A!!! I think the world is coming to an end. 
Take a few minutes today to start thinking about filing your taxes...tax day is only a few weeks away!
I gues I thnk that pt advocacy is an essential part of a nurse's job
Great conditioning workout this am. Ran a total of 2400 yds, rowed 2500 meters, and did 300 double jumps with jump rope in intervals
if anyone actually shows up! Lots of no shows.
Thanks a bunch for coming to #orlando and joining us
You just suck , u don't know what u have .
poor lamb!
Defo click the follow button on this girl right here
Thanks, I won't be ordering from them!
Good to see local Angels and VCs investing in Pacific NW start ups!
After 8 mins of action, who had Hasheem Thabeet as the #Blazer to have their only 2 FG's?? Not this guy!
For you! Baby owls. In teacups. And between books. Enough said.
Mr President why is gas prices so high when oil by the barrel is now so low.
Re Mark Stone: "They say, I say" Model for Argumentation. I agree: essentially the model used by Thomas Aquinas
Yep! says many things but it does not demonstrate anything:)
Def. food, wine (heard mixed reviews of Mendoza), not huge hikers but love scenery. Thinking BA, Igazu and maybe 1 other area?
My baby just beat the new Zelda Skyward Sword game! He's so proud!! Haha!
u got fb ?
Art Project Saturday! With
That moment when you feel like you're surrounded by INCREDIBLY smart people and it makes you really grateful.
Its so obvious
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea
thank you!
oh well she just texted me it c: lol and told her i would tell you
Pics or it didn't happen.
no cameltoe workout outfits please kthnx
you're a bully! -__-
Can we all agree that when Rush Limbaugh dies, none of us will waste brain power trying to think up nice things to say about him?
boys will be boys! but atleast there being themselves! BE YOURSELF! dont try to be someone else!
yea they're sick 3-5's are my fav Jordans. Look on solecollector marketplace for those 3's
Illegal Tender is that movie! Its so Gangster tho....
okay, my head is spinning
Only 2 things make me hopeful for Sunday: 1.) The sharps are picking the Pats 2.) The Giants are acting like they already won
follow the real
putting together this master plan.
RT : “Anything one does every day is important and imposing and anywhere one lives is interesting and beautiful.” - Gertrude Stein
RT : More Top 40 Cos: Red Bag Solutions, Inc.
Blasting on the car on the way to softball practice then movies with bff Ciara!
I miss Saturday morning cartoons.
when a female thinks she's her dude's number one girl #LittleSheKnow he playing her like a fiddle!
I luv's me my fridays!!(beutiful weather don't hurt either) RT : Thanks for the RT Dave! Having a good Friday so far?
I'm baffled that people still make music videos. Wasn't that a thing of the 90's? Are they even still relevant anymore? Where have i been
I can get the black joints
Ain't got nothin' on me.
Follow Back Please..!
I don't know where I stand with you. And I don't know what I mean to you. All I know is every time I think of you, I want to be with you.
Cuz I'm not livetweeting from my old fashioned cell phone. Jeez.
Happy birthday kyle.:) loove you!!
This female is tripping
Do the right thing and don't censor the internet.
HOP (Hold on Player)!!!
and #FF marilyn for same reason ;-) #FF Lisa cause we are on the same page politically!!
Sorry to hear that, sending best wishes your way.
Can't wait! RT The field looks great and is ready. R u?
Dear apparently you have alot of admirers
god!! maybe ill be able to see you in the hallways next year.(:
“: #PubSub kinda Tuesday. where you at” I want it
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
Help me kick start this website! The First 5 businesses that fill out this form will get 1yr advertising FREE! See following tweet for link
Had a WONDERFUL #WEDDING! My Bride is BEAUTIFUL!!!!
RT : Something's Wrong With This Picture - Feb 25 #Opening @ The City Market Gallery #DTLA #art (pic 5)
Boocoo thanks for the stellar tour preview! Hope to meet you at the shows.
Thanks for the mention!
Not really.
#pietruth RT If & put meat pies & birria together again & you miss it, it is your loss.
ii can't stop laughing at myself
thankyou! You're so sweet
up way too early on my day off..and w a stuffy nose. drinkin some tea, talkin to the bf, bout to get in the word, then go back to bed!!
You have to read the rest... BTW, just out of curiosity, how long did it take you to read it? ;o)
Look at it this way: You're a rookie. Your fumble was a fluke. Steve Smith is a veteran. His fumble was pure stupid.
allyouneedolga.webstore.com we area trending world wide click the link on my profile to find out why
? My 'nets weren't working right for a time there. Random internet wonkiness.
See you there! rt“: #CombatPaper workshop sat ”
Coaches are lookin good in the sneaks!
AUSTIN! How was your day?(:
When shaves, he just cuts ahole in which to sing through.
So American Idol is in Nashville today... Umm who's going with us???;)
Listening to at the Belmont. Great atmosphere, fabulous music. Good night in Dallas.
Brandon Jennings = All Star
my problem with reading Henry James, on the other hand, is that I want to take a nap after very sentence
ah school is so fun!
JUST FOLLOWED THANKS FOR THE
they used Eye tech VT2 device
#altac is most likely position for future of university; "non-fac" is most of work done at universities.
You ever have one of those lives?
I wish ur online! I kiss ur adorkable tweets! Hehe! So excited for ur live chat! Love u so much! Xo
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. ~ Zig Ziglar ~
Country Southern Belle ... can't get much better than that
Shout Out 2
I damn near am your father...havin to worry bout you and look out for you and shit lol
Both are fine institutions of learning. Fine, I tell you!
Can U recommend sites 4 info on schools&districts? Starting to search 4 2012-13 mid/secndary librarian position. Thx 4 help!
": I can't wait for Casey Anthony to go to jail #dumbbitch"
c'mon, yes you can! i believe in you!
Holy crap I'm bored. 2 1/2 hours down, 5 more to go.
Thanks to everyone for coming out tonight! Hopefully everyone got some great deals!
thanks for the response. Like everyone else hoping for the best. Love the blog!
Trying to get my life right
▒ Books worth Sharing ▒ FICTION ▒ Deadly Offerings bu Alexa Grace author of page-turning romantic suspense novels Check out this KINDLE...
hahahahahahahahahahaha the tomato at the end is so random
I hate being sick..
omg what happened
I am officially a twitterer
Dame dizzy food gud
Why does it take twitter so long to fucking update my shit >,<
We would get breakfast where every cute baby in Cville is.
Does the term artist need to be discarded? Is calling yourself an artist a liability?
Happy Birthday to you!
How to grow a beard in style - The West Australian
That would have been one scary kitty!
Bam RT : "The arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justice" MLK
Just read about the upcoming film "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Slayer." I can almost hear producers scraping the bottom of the ideas barrel
Pretending to be writing something in class so the teacher won't call on you.
hailey if you're out there, I wish you all the very best.
My prisoner named Natalie duh
Congrats! Stoked to see it all come together!
Nice bumping into best musical studio neighbor today at our venice studios...quick Coachella chat..then back busy as usual!
Eating pizza for breakfeast hmm quite interesting...
Listening to highway 20 ride on my way home wishing was here to sing it with me
Soldiering through the sinus infection and back to poker. Playing 3/600 mix last 2 days at the local card room as warm up for crushing LAPC
Even the scrubs bustin ass.
What a great night, the #SCSUHuskies won 2-1 against the UMD Bulldogs!! :)
Almost time for that nasty work thingy to disrupt my life for a few days...AGAIN!
And when it's not one thing, it's two things.
Did a fantastic tasting at this past weekend. The wines showed very well. A couple of bottles found their way home to SF.
Why would I ever be friends with you? Again, it's bad to assume because you make an "ass" out of "u" and "me".
get it son!
At Microsoft excel class burning my brain cells!!!!
Even though she wasn't there in the past....she's here now and that's all that matter....I LOVE YOU MOM
Has Royce grown up yet? Teach him to attack creeps and Heat players.
hi boo
Hb2501 requiring all city/county regs be written clearly has passed the AZ House and now moves to AZ Senate. ASK YOUR SENATOR FOR SUPPORT!!
Back to back for the Brewers! Yayy. I still love Matt Kemp but that was an awful throw ...thank god
Lol you know I'm going to need deets! Though I'm pretty sure I already know how things will fly lol
"A day without you is like a day without sunshine... I miss you.."
you guys should go, enjoy the goat for me.
“: So are LeBron and Co. about ready to at least pull out that panic button yet?” lol... Play since AS break has been average.
why are you sending purple dicks?
...you deserve me ;)
Just ordered The Starboard Sea by Amber Dermont b/c of the review in today's Times.
He seems like a cool guy but sometimes will put oatmeal in your pimp cup and steal your girl.
Thank you for the gentle reminder that scholarly publishing doesn't simply = rent-seeking. Too many OA insurgents make this mistake.
hope your day is awesome!!
People complain about their haters to make it seem like they blowing up, but they're just civilians.
I had a dark chocolate mocha in your honor!
when did you get so cheap? Are you turning into ?
#100ThingsILove 6. Having a productive weekend.
When John Edwards said there were two Americas, he meant one where he was having sex constantly and the other one.
Wow I haven't been on twitter for real in like everr that's depressing.
o i c. What if you were about to dye it but then aaalllll of your hair randomly fell out. LOLOL.
I went from playing basketball outside in the park, to gloves and coat in 2 days. Ughh warm weather stay!
Any fool can complicate things, simplifying, now that's where the genius lies!
Terrible bumper sticker!
lol that's one of the regulars. but I picked up some anyways. Making some chicken alfredo:)
I'm searching high and low for a .Net Developer with recent Oracle experience. Client is in S. Jersey. #C#
Please fix the grammar on your invite. It reads YOUR invited. Should be "You're invited." First impressions are lasting...thx!
i just woke up from nap number 2 of the day.
So proud of McKinley and the great community supporting Dogfest this past Saturday. This is the little public school that can do it!
Nerd me is happy that when Google Image searching for 'soundwave', 8 Transformers appear before the expected result.
Recent column is on the #redsox collapse.
"Watch Em' Die Slow, Like They Got Cancer"
lol it's clique* and he thought it was cute! He smiled!
how is the move going?! You will have to text me your new address. Xoxo
I want my bracelet back...
Sure thing, Noam! Just spreading the good word.
Congratulations to Prince Amukamara going to New York Giants!
DON'T FORGET:Auditions tonight for #Neighborhood3 , 6pm at #DesMoinesSocialClub , see you there!
Tonight I'll have NFL Draft on TV while listening to and his callers on I wonder what Ray Ray will have to say.
Hey Jessica! Just saw you're at Rock Center now, how fun, congrats! Hope all is well :)
DS: yup. I'd like to see them get some PT.
dm me so i can tell you something.
Ms Guy talkin bout this video of prom is a bunch of hoes... Lmfao
I tried to have a marg. at Indianhead and it was horrible. Opted for Capt & diet at airport.
Submitted a HUGE proposal yesterday. Wish me luck and send me some prayers folks!
A relationship isn't a test...so why cheat? :/
Pizza Hut trying to build the largest Blastoff network and reap massive profit gains. Dont give them your money. Build your network urself
Taking just one day off the Internet can be very healing. I highly recommend it, if you normally can't.
wtf there no one to talk to today >:/
U guys should go to the Atl mixer its thur good look if you do. Networking event. Down town 6-10 I believe.
Done for the day
think it's on TVline. On my phone so don't know for sure.
It seems #Junior Seaus' girlfriend was with him or just found him when he shot himself...they have released the 911 call she made...so sad:(
Please follow my new account >>
“: It takes less than $5,000 a year to educate a young person, but $33,000 a year to incarcerate one- Bill Cosby”
RED HAT GUY! ;P
OK...will do...if u saw my earlier post...I'm married to one...lol
Daily GTKY question: What color are your eyes?
Hahaha! Gotta love that auto correct!
-been a clippers fan for years, but think they are 1 year/player/coach away from being a contender. I think CP3 knows that too.
i'm with moneyminc on the bbq.sounds good right now
. Hope everyone can come down to Union Sq on Sunday afternoon for the H.L. Mencken open house!
R.I.P Whitney Houston #IWillAlwaysLoveYou :'( ALWAYS LOVE...YOU FOREVER...THANK YOU
So u got OKC in how many games?
well thank you, but you notice how there's always a paci in her mouth :) gotta keep that adorable little mouth corked!!!
I think #virtualevents are a new standard component of #events. it is not either-or. it's like everything in marketing--additive
Three minutes and counting
I also saw the review Garrett Thomas gave your book in Magic Magazine. Great work, Benji -- a lot of great info!
still in editing. hopefully soon!
Despondent is the best adjective to describe everything I feel right now.
I'm going to frame it and hang it on my wall.
This humidity can go away ANYTIME now!
These Websites Can Help You During Your Weight Loss Journey by Providing You with Helpful Tips
I may or may not have just got 14 hours of sleep.
yes i am petey pablo! if you say you're coming back i will cry
“: Gotta go to bed. Ttys =D” getting ready to crash too have a goodnight
My trainer told me I need more protein at breakfast, so tomorrow I am going to spread some foie gras on my waffle.
Let me just say if someone pepper sprayed one of my kids, it would resort to an instant ass-kicking, no matter who did it...That's a promise
Can't wait to see all our old friends (and meet some new ones) at this year's PitchFest! Haven't registered yet? What are you waiting for?!
At the barbershop getting tightened up by
I can't wait to see that! It's the #SIFF2012 movie I'm most anxious to see.
Who is Kim dash? So many users of her?
Happy, Happy, Joy, Joy !
Lost my cell phone last night. White #iPhone on sale today.
I trust CS Lewis. More importantly I trust Jesus who valued life so much he gave his for us.
i'm so tired
I believe people's true thoughts and feelings come out when they are angry....because they tend to think without speaking
RT : ok then monkey// Lololol I need more pecan candy up here! They don't know nothing about it! Smh
: Lol tweet tweet back at u
I can't quite explain what happened. I tried to "dot tumblr dot com" them, and they were like "two weeks ago". Oof.
EON is now officially sponsored by DWI(DownWithInk)!!Photoshoot next Sunday!!
YES<3 i'll bring the bombs, you bring the food?!
Good second half from the Heat. We win this one!
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You / Join us SAT at for Dr. Seuss' BD!
me, a mouth, etc. lol
on the twitter? Really?
no matter how old you are you still be a punk bitch 😉
Winning is about art, not just legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong
I want a million dollars.
Hilarious. RT : OK so South Bend cops see 5 people jump a fence and the 2 guys they catch are #ND football players?
Here's to a Happy & Healthy 2012 around the globe!
and those curtains... Eerie!
We have our first intern starting with Ride the Spectrum tomorrow! :-)
good to hear it went well. I the month has flown by.
Hey its Doc... I'M BACK!!!!! Better look out!
There's a truth behind every lie.
its fine :/ imma just got to bed
Wondering if Sherman really needs the next 12 interstate exits... Or if Denison really needs the next 10.
The nose on my Gaillac is a little tight, but it's dark and smoky on the palate with a bitter bite to it at the end.
LMAOOOO @ that Rapist Beware video
Big congratulations to the new artistic director, ! I just hope he'll still have time to crush me in Words with Friends!
done, good looking out.
Nice! Peek-a-boo, I see u.
I once dated a girl whose father owned every Steven Segal film on VHS & DVD. He would win this game
Dear applicant: your email intro was cute and funny, but one recommendation: PDF your resume or use standard fonts. Helvetica FTW.
i ve been wandering that for the longest time now
I THOUGHT THAT WENT IN...
Congrats leverage PR client Monte Lee-Wen on becoming a 40 under 40 finalist
rocked! Thanks to everyone who came out for this amazing keynote lecture!
is at DCA & on his way to San Jose State Univ. My talk: From 1st generation library user to activist librarian.
Hi Jeff! I'm a big fan of teen wolf! I'm also starting an acting career and was wondering if your looking for more actors?
dont talk to me when im using my ipod... just dont
aw, your a perfect couple... your both twats
People of all ages like us!
Enjoyed this chat - thanks to everyone for your perspective and expertise.
RT : "Every politician should want more freedom than they themselves have" -
Secret Stall Hint update Sonic #Baltimore -it's either stall #10, 11, 12, or 13. Try the Double stuffed Oreo Cookie Blast. It is incredible.
you need to find something to do
If you think it's hard to meet new people, try picking up the wrong golf ball
ViaMe is a really cool platform Gurbaksh. Good news or bad that Instagram got acquired today?
wat!! Why I gotta be all that
I think the fashion club meeting is next to me. #deananddeluca #dropcrotch #chic?
The lead singer makes me want to rip out my ears.
This is good to have and share with others.
I really enjoyed Scandal last week.
nor me, but i spent some lost college & expat evenings playing tipsy Dungeons & Dragons. ;)
I guess I'm asking what should be happening.
Major projects been commerce for a nationwide retail client. Excited watching the technology we're developing unfold. Can't wait to launch!
this is random but is your iPhone pink ?
Versus Robots and Down Up Speed ToMoRRoW!!!!!
I feel as if a drank a bulls blood with much red and floating as if i had wings to guide thy soul into the heavens..
Thank you! :)
Thanks! Yeah, it was hard enough finding the data for this, but I really do want to dig in deeper, haha.
Glad I didn't see the drop for TOY STORY poster this morning because I might have justified buying it, even though I'm broke.
#Rag&bone fashion show was great way to end this chapter in NYC (for now)
Donahue punts 38 yards. Ball downed by #Lions at the #Chiefs 33 yards.
Ford salesman yesterday sees my LEGO stormtrooper keychain, he showed me his phone- with a Lego Stormtrooper background. BFFs instantly.
got my fist in a ball, ready to unleash on tis h8r fransisco
Books24x7: "Most people are fairly lazy searchers." Advanced search features get little use.
and you know this. Now I will have a reason to buy cable now
Nice stop by the Gmen.
I wouldn't lie 98% of the chinese menu ain't chinese food . I can make 4chicken wing pok fri rice
I miss being in love.
My new website will be brand spankin new, i mean toe spankin new ...very soon,no peaking! your piggies will be smiling .. oh yes they will
yes ma'am.
Has anyone tried our Citrus Aiolo sauce? What do you think??
lol nvm i dont even like jake like that i like cam better how was ur day
Uh, last post to
Luckily, you don't have to believe in evolution to benefit from it.
Thanks for the follow Proxy! If you need money for growing your business, feel free to post on our site.
thanks we need it! Amie hurt her thumb! Wiki hurt her knee! (Someone stood on her knee!^) hah abiee also hurt her thumb!
I wish i had a reason to drink tonight but i just dont see there being 1
FREE MARTINI TASTING Tonight at from 8-12 $5 Cocktails $5 Apps $ wine & DJ ! See you there!!
Newt's campaign night is one of the strangest I've ever seen. He's clearly bitter and seething at Romney.
Had an awesome day! Even though I still haven't met you yet :/
Sports Arena is in the Midway District, not Point Loma.
Disney, here I come!
Are there any songwriting rules you stick to?
Yayyyyyyyy! I finished my language are speech! Lol yayyyyy! No I have to go shower and get ready 4 bed!! Bo!/: lol I hate wakin up early
On July 28, 1854 settlers from the New England Emigrant Aid Company arrived in Kansas Territory. Soon after, Lawrence was founded.
atta girls. I miss that place.
"come here rude boy boy can you get it up"
Hugely productive day, all b4 11 am! Started Roundtable trng session, dropped boy at camp, signed two new members, delegated stuff
WOW the youtube awards, send me a link
So all is well then?
I'm Finna try that shit next time I hoop lol
I see if you have at your side he will be there till the end
Sounds good! Hashtag? RT Looking forward to "Why Don't We Do It in the Road? A Salon on Public Histories" this pm
GRAMMY night! Good luck to , our friends at Enterprises and the late Will Owsley (wish you were here to see this).
Let's go TARHEELS!!
She's down.
Watching Lilo and Stitch and eating ETS
also, BATS!!!!!! i love takoma park
but, writing an introduction for a former teacher is turning out to be a daunting task...
Car Shopping. Swag me out doe.
Nothing says Easter like possessing your daughter after she snorts your ashes!
even though we're to stubborn to admit it we're all to young to be stressing relationships
Love these BTS clips! I am looking forward to Vol 3! Thank you for capturing these moments and sharing them with us :)
hahah okay (: & for the heading go to the custom settings & scroll down to where it says header. then you click upload
hey the app isn't working so hmu on here okay ily :)
All small choices are like planted seeds. They wil bring fruit eventually. Be patient with yourself.
I know your plans don't include me.
hey there. Love the update.
Holy shit it's friggin hot! D:
Ever got the chance to meet Whitney Houston, & what's ur favorite Whitney song?
great - how are you?
no no I'm totally gonna keep it secret!!
Told myself you were right for me.
When you know what you want,and you want it badly enough,you'll find a way to get it. - Jim Rohn
talking to claudia kevin and was talking to marie but i guess not..
Sorry! Hopefully we will have more soon!
Extraordinary private concert tonight by the great tabla maestro #zakirhussain and flutist #rakeshchaurasia, benefit for
warped tour maryland date july 24th! can't fucking wait!
thanks for following! I love my bracelet I bought in there last week!
i may be bad but im perfectly good at it.
Still another half to go people.
Red box and snuggles :)
“: Oh no! Be careful. Pat goes to Vegas to get WRECKED! Haha!!” me too duh LOL
"less than half of Denti-cal members are getting a preventative visit each year" testifying now
2 martinis and 2 shots later and I'm not drunk I'm just a lil sleepy. I guess I'm not a drinking lightweight. Lol
The only "B" word you should call a girl is beautiful. Bitches love being called that. ♥
I get it now.
love you! glad you had a swell time♥ Merry Christmas!
Once a rocker always a rocker!!! (The Who)
itwouldntsuprisemeif #Manning completes more passes in the season opener than #Tebow did in all of 2011
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new.
im hearing u on the radio!!
He's "teaching" me French xD
youth and whisky?
new single on my b-day best present from u <3 (:
I can't wait 'till this weekend! I hope it pours! I'm gonna sleep off my allergies!
or last call at PDX after Talkin Ball and gittin a few jager shots from Greg the bartender before the flight..
Houston we have no problem with the Kevin McHale selection.
Chaos, panic & disorder - my work here is done
RT if you love Jersey Shore and !!!i am one of those ppl follow me i follow bakk
Must be unreal. Etihad was thunderous. RT : Awesome atmosphere at Stadium in Manchester. Can only imagine the streets.
stateside, we refer to that diet as Lettuce-And-Sorrow.
hey! im good and yourself? how are the babys? :)
Yeah, right?!
Damn!!!! In a horrible mood for funnel cake!!!!!
BCS Bowl...really Alabama? One teammate is named Smelly & you need Shelly to kick it in?
Why is it called same sex marriage. If your married you eventually have the same sex. It should be called same gender marriage
and it is kind of soupy to start Cinco de Mayo
I'll post the link on the blog, one which won't expire. View on it comp./iPad.
I am currently hiding in the bathroom trying to get away from the giant bird-moth.
LMAOO, I don't think so, you know what, I look up to you cause you're PERFECT THEY WAY YOU ARE. <3
that would be nice. But do we spend enough time on our devices to have an LTE speed. The battery on them LTEs sucked too.
Does It Look Like I Give A Fuck !
We're getting ready for the Luxury Expo this weekend in Tysons Corner, VA! Anyone else want tickets???
lol I like a lot of Adidas' non-sports designs. though. Grew up wearing the classic shell-toes
I hate to spoil the movie for you, but the good guys win.
#VCU is at it again! C'mon Rams, you can do this!
Fresh wasabi is so much sweeter and flavorful - great PUNCH in flavor
how exciting!!! what r u doing there? I may be there next wk!
... And then they made me their chieftain.
I hate them stupid teenagers.....oh carp I'm one as well
Long time no see !
Re-use! Wash old shower curtain, use as drop cloth or winter plant cover.
you need a good dry cleaner after this game. your jersey is filthy
There is no finer investment for any community than putting milk into babies. Winston Churchill
School wifi=hacked ;)
~~Stage Freight Strategies part 3~~ 6.Anticipate hard and easy questions. 7.Organize your speaking notes.
Hold your head high, and your middle finger higher........
yes, I mean...what do I call her? That sounds old doesn't it. God I'm old...and tired. ;)
o my god no!! how could you end it there!! i need to know what happens next! DX
I used to have hella bad anger problems,but now I know how to control them.BUT,if you get me hella pissed ITS ALL BAD FOR YOU!!
A few exceptions (VCU, Butler), but definitely near impossible to win championships, which should be the ultimate goal.
Putting that last little touch on MFL'ER!!! Bout to wake the streets up with this one!
Hit the road Jack! And dont cha come back no more, What u say?
U can have the world, its music, power, culture, and everything that comes with it. #givemejesus #
Sometimes these cuts are so much deeper than they seem..
we're on rain or shine for Saturday, right?
Artists depend upon their fan base to continue making a career of their music!
Finally saw Revolutionary Road (directed by Sam Mendes)...hoping my acting career won't lead to an unhappy, suburbia life!
Gourmet food available fast , who'll be parked outside the Open House this Wednesday!
Had to emphasise the word bitch because I love calling her that
Follow she follows back!!! Plus she looks amazing!!!
what I do now ": BITCH!"
Are flasks permissible on flights? Serious question people. Not ashamed to ask it.
I'm amazing! How about you?
Thanks Todd! You too! RT happy Tuesday Rebecca! Have a great 1
/ No stacking.
When you go about life thinking you know the keys to the world, reality comes and smacks you like an ant with a sledgehammer.
Just got home
do it!
I think mother nature is PMSing
Aw, thanks. You're fabulous!
And yes I'm posting from Montebello this morning!!!
“: Great sex is good nutrition for the soul.”/ couldn't have said it any better.
I can buy it
To the person who parked so close to my car I had to crawl over the passenger seat to drive...you get the super lame award for the day.
Looking for A Process Server in Sacramento, CA? Call 916-509-0677. Registered and Bonded.
Honesty is the best policy always, lies are poison.
I woke up and checked my phone to see your good morning text, but then I remembered..../:
ready to fail this antrho test tomorrow...#fuckschool #losttextbook =/
Chicago, IL
hehe - would be akin to the second half of the fifth innings... baseball is the only thing I half way understand, but even then.
this is the kind of game Ty needs to get a little selfish and try to become the superstar we need!
Now serving as trustee for Ponzi Schemer, Kevin Carney - anyone know any of his victims?
That Was Your Last Straw!!!
I wish I could call up lightning bolts like Helen can...they could come in handy!
I feel like Daniel Plainview. "I can't keep doing this on my own with these... people."
It makes me a little sad that the days of swapping CDs is over. WONT SOMEONE THINK OF THE LINER NOTES & ALBUM DESIGN.
New film starts shooting Sunday very excited!
if I win the lottery will you please play at my wedding?
Greenshoots is getting it done. Much Thanks Y'all! check it
i just wanna cry :(
...and no, I'm not picking a fight! While I'm a Canon user, my most used camera is pushing 8 years old.
no sweetheart. It never, ever says " he sometimes heals. " it says he is helaer. It's what he does.
doing a local sports and media radio show in central PA, friday noon. Michael Weinreb is coming on. Interest in batting 2nd?
Girls Empowerment Coach training class starts tonight. Ready to connect with my new student. PUMPED
B i just saw all your tweets but thanks a tonespecially for your call it made my bday :)and hes an NFL player good enough! lol
It can be, for sure. I'll let you know the next time I do it.
What's twitter
M3+You+God = the perfect us
same! virtual high five!!! ✋
#TeamItaliana hey boo.
is paying to advertise on #twitter. What a sad state of affairs when Special Interests pay to spread lies on
Lost anybody? pretty lame
China has overtaken the UK on the list of the world's top five wine-consuming nations according to new figures released by Vinexpo and IWSR
Red #me&battery...
Also if u happen to watch the video, look at the last HR and check where the catcher set up n where the pitch went
Someone else mentioned 21st but it doesn't look like they are in IL just WI, Dale's either. Dumb distribution laws.
Another person thinks The Help is a counterpoint to...wait for it...Gone with the Wind. 1860...1960...whatevs...
Sadly no! :( What is the best thing you have tasted so far?
haha not sure why that is, and it's been that way for a few months.
CANT WAIT TO DOWNLOAD IT<3
#WashingtonDC for the weekend with !!! SO EXCITED!!
I like this idea you have of drinking coffee before runs. Looks like I'm making a pit stop at !
it's okay, i just found a language converter for that one.. LOL!
you just divide it haha you have a B
Some girls like flowers and chocolate, I prefer shoes 😉
Video is uploading now! I have special video for you guys today! Two in one day!
omg your videos are so funny <3
Latinas are the best who don't like latinas?
She’s nothing like a girl you’ve ever seen before Nothing you can compare to your neighborhood girl
I'm at a loss for words right now how you can get away with such shitty everything. Oh wait you're a monopoly! That explains it
RT: "I just don't want it to end" That's the spirit. Hardcore
I run at 2;30, 3:00 am. Especially 15-20 milers. Have had heat exhaustion a few times
I went to a convent school—for a few months. It didn't take, to put it mildly.
hit me up
cool. I'll think about it too. as long as there is something semi healthy I can eat, I'm happy! looking forward to seeing you two!
RT : omg ur instagram working!? Yea is yours not?
Whaddup dawg, who's playing for Lawrence on the summer tour? Can I get on?
do you know who the Bees Gees are?
Getting our party on ;) awe ya w/
Yo ! Check ur email...I just forwarded you a nice present from
DM your number
I just posted a note on my facebook with the detail!! :)
OMG SHAUN! I have a GREAT place where the show could be... text me ASAP! :)
I've had 6 cents in my pocket all day. Does this mean I can see dead people 😨
's tweets make me smile everytime I read any of them. <3
yes especially this weekend with the monsoon in full swing. Ugh enjoy the dry heat though.
Pizza Playoffs on cleveland.com - My vote will be cast for Edison's Pub.
Greatest artists need people like you! Thanks for supporting independent music!
has officially mastered Twitter....as of just now...
RT when people tweet bout their bf / gf is cute. but tweetin bout them every 2 min. isnt,
“: Everyone: that's why won His voice is out of this world. Seriously.. woah.” yeah this one .
Thanks for the mention! :)
. yum recipe please;)
REALLY GOOD MUSIC!!!!CHECK OUT on itunes!!!!!! SHE SINGS AWESOME!!!!!!:):)RT!!!
To the boys who live above me: please play better music. It's hard to fall asleep to that emo shit you play. Thanks
Forgot to mention, I was frisked by TSA agents on the train today. I feel soo violated.
Served breakfast in bed? Ok not mad
Life is so goo....just sold some eights yahhh
I read 73 and sunny!
When you wake up feeling good about a Monday, you know you're in a good position! Here's to a new week, friends! Enjoy! :)
RT : Coding time.
Don't laugh, that would hurt like a bitch.
a song.
wrapping gifts for our sponsor family
I never thought jean shopping could be depressing. #alliwantforchristmas is a gym membership lol
Analyzing audio from Saturday night's investigation... hopefully we'll catch something good! (Chris)
no one cares if I'm not at school, so why go?
yeah they did lol its a tie now
Oh, I'll make you work at it, :)
We started reading Wonder. Didn't expect tears right away. I had to hand it off to my 5th grader. Then he had to pass it to his brother.
i would but ur not here for me to #drink off of
The two most important things in my life are _________ and __________.
Got it - thanks!
Good too see local businesses embracing social media. Thanks for that link!
A&A proudly welcomes former NFL all-pro and Kansas City Chiefs Hall of Famer to our celebrity advisory board.
people who say they aren't about that life.. usually low key wish they could be....
Can I smell your penguin feet?
#milwaukee Carpe Diem!!! Stop in, grab a free coffee, relax at the counter and let us shop your to-do list for you!
Ahh I think he jumped on my tweet about Bo's contract extension
Come on down. We'll accommodate. Ticket sales at the door.
my pride always gets in the way .
10 Facebook Tips : dont like your own status.
good morning Grey Line Mappers!HAve a fantastic time today!!!
nope I missed it, got a quick link?
Just had to go back and tweak a webcomic I worked on earlier...let's just say it combines Will, and the DeLorean...
Bye bye, butterfly!
get up Darius!
can you please follow me? i love #teenwolf!!!!
kobe playin even tho he sick
why are you coming to Nashville ? Are you having a concert ? (:
is impressed with Cam Newton on the first drive, but think the Packers need to knock the smug off him.
You know what sounds good right now??? Wilson's.
Are you romantic? Do you believe that romance is dead?
I agree I like "I'm Ready"
Only on camera......I am ME!
Have you heard the new Pennywise record? It ROCKS.....
hey, Dez how r u?
Do you & your better half ever go to T-bones games? We're thinking about going to home opener if you're interested in joining.
mee to! we plaued when it was like 30 degrees!
Also NFL star Brandon Marshall will be there. The parade is so long its 2 days. This Friday and Saturday.
totally normal.
I only slept like 3 hrs everyday since last Friday :(
Many thanks to for #ict2dc KSN interview. Likely to air 1/15 at 5pm. Will post link to video when it is up.
from a movie? Lol im lost
stfu,,, i never eat your fuckin' cookies.. its all urs ((;
your a punk
New Years is over. Now the fun of trying to remember to write 2012 begins!
not me, have not worked for Romney campaign.
24 Hour ON Demand Courier, Delivery Service and Process Service geared to meet your needs! Price and Service Guaranteed! 877-527-5737
ALLBIZ MICROPHONEBULLY STAND UP SMILEY THE GHETTO CHILD STAND UP 183
Thanks for the hospitality on Saturday! Loved hanging out with all the great fans while we were up there!
Thanks for the follow ! Austin home value is increased by well maintained trees. Not to mention the added shade helps keep cool
you're very welcome lil sistah :) barely got home from the airport? <3
I have been. For 20 minutes or so.
In the spirit of helping the f%^*ed economy we are getting a room dwntwn SD and emptying our bank accounts----> what u think about that?!
No, but I'll get started on Sat! RT : How many type of rolls have you had at our diner? Has anyone tried them ALL!?
What are some hot topics in the library science field that need to be written about more?
If you think you’re too small to have an impact, try going to bed with a mosquito in the room.
I just want you all to know, I had a terrible weekend.
Congrats to all #lawstudents who have finished or are finishing their last #lawschool exams this week. Hope CALI helped!
Tweet me ?
"R.I.P. Davy Jones" remembering the cute little kid
It's really true. RT : Overheard in the newsroom: "Bacon is so in right now"
: Running away from your problems is a race you will never win.
One is a childish fantasy that often engenders a lifelong obsession with its unbelievable heroes, leading to an emotionally stunted... (+)
Seattle here, wish it was snowing!
RT : "Life's problems wouldn't be called "hurdles" if there wasn't a way to get over them." Author Unknown
Lindsay: Alcohol can increase chances of sleep driving with Ambien because it disrupts the sleep stage.
Did I just hear that a assistant coach was going up against Pau Gasol with football pads during practice yesterday?
I'll be joining #ASNEChat as a guest with several former newspaper eds and will be tweeting replies, comments welcome. 2-3 pm ET.
Yes Big Tom!! You need to come on our show! The Radio would rock with all us on at the same time!! haha
#ASTD2011 Great session with Elain Biech & panel for building a practice session
pllzz follow me
RT : It's National Hat Day! Post a photo of your fav hat on our FB page to win a $15 Starbucks gift card!...
Make sure you're blogging by 2012. Social media marketing is not the future, it is NOW. Take advantage of it!!!
so fucking proud of you right now!!!
That song just randomly came in my head. It's been awhile since I've listened to Oceano.
Watching #GIRLS is like watching the last five years of my life!
Ready! Meet at Casa P P at 8. :
#GATORS ADVANCE TO THE ELITE EIGHT FOR THE SECONDS STRAIGHT YEAR!!
Ah! And this! I've had a couple of convos with people interested in pursuing dramaturgy where I've told them to think again.
My sister has grown up near Pittsburgh...she says the weirdest things! HEY YINZ! I'S SAID. I'M REPPING THIS SHIRT...
where are you? You can get it from Cargo UK
Bad. I woke at 6 with a huge migraine, and there was no Hephaestus with an ax close-by to let Athena out. I survived, but weak like a kitty.
Thanks for the comments! Enjoyed your video too...best of luck with the new album!
Thanks to for the follow! Great to have you along.
black panther rally?
I just feel like busting out in tears. Nothing I ever do is right..
Still waiting 4 right time--already spoken 2 peeps re K4/InCopy and "content not containers". 1 more and they'll ignore me. 1/2
Making friends?
What's everyone doing tomorrow? Come to our info session at the Orleans Street Library - 6:15 sharp! You may get lucky and win a prize!
Scratch that. Amanda Bynes AND the dude who played the cop in "The Hangover" were both at the BMW I was at.
RT , superior marketing of an inferior product/svc often wins over inferior marketing of superior produce/svc
So far pretty good, I went in at 12.
CBS News now saying Santorum will win Alabama
Agreed RT : Just read on that was in talks with Kanye to sign to GOOD Music?! Wow! That would've been crazy
that was the best part!!! Ps your icon is real hawt 😳 Can I get youz digits?!?
Ah, gotcha. Whatever happened to The Poor Man? I was on that blog in its earliest days (02/03), but lost track after a while.
Why is everybody yelling!!
So long DC, so long #ala10 I feel smarter and managed to leave with only one
son okay in Mexico in spite of flu and temblor. "things in hyper crisis mode here, everything shut down"
So many great movies coming out. But the very greatest will be premiering on July 20th. <3
Thinks Mark Sanchez is the real deal, was thoroughly impressed tonight.
Yoink *hurled verbatim into swipe file*
RT: Q&A with CA #comm_college chancellor on efforts to improve completion rates:
listening to & loving new album
Assume not for Bobby V, correct? RT For 8 yrs, before every first at-bat against Sox, Jeter gave little cap tip to Francona.
Sure wht we gone do ?
hey! whats up! *just being friendly* Lol...
can't wait for to be back.
Merry Xmas and Happy Holidays to all... Stay Sexy everyone!!
Fun night tonight 👍❤😁🎱
my focus would damn near just be that champs league final against Bayern. No one expected them to be there
Just got to SD...round 2? Good time buddy, good times!
Is "Trademarking" the new THING? cc.
BPL will hold public roundtable meetings for budget options
Step into my shoes and I promise you'd be laughing, too.
Decaf?!?! Decaf!!?!?? That last bag of coffee in the cabinet is decaf?!?? I'm gonna have to.... (thud) Z...
New Mexico Satellite Man loves helping people pay less for TV! Let's look at your monthly bill, maybe we can save you some money. 350-6428
Dam girl u make me feel so good ,only youu :)
So I spotted u in the premiere issue of & was beyond stoked :D Much <3
RT : I've got a theory that if you give 100% all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end. -Larry Bird
Perfect Stranglers
naw cause the letter to the Lamont gonna need a singer!!
why do all men lie cause what you just said was a fucking lie FOH more of a social life than ya grandmom!!... nikka i laugh
HOUSE (house, house, house) MUSIC (music, music, music)
You are right! Have you been?
Your girlfriend is gorgeous & loyal, why flirt w/ other bitches ? Its like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock.
Thanks for the advice, Terry! I am looking into the JHU Credit Union as we speak.
My server brewed fresh Bourbon Pecan coffee just for me...and him... that is LOVE :) thank you
The Avengers was really funny..
Sad day for me:( Seahawks lost!
yes its fair,most fans want a championship and if resting stars is what it takes then its fair
that was yesterday. they won 6-5 today.
As an employee of that certain bookstore. It pained me to remove the books by
Much love to the followers giving shout outs!
I FUCKING HATE GETTING LOST
Going to STL to see family, watch both the and , and enjoy some beer! Great STL weekend of fun!
ended up helping out our celeb neighbor with some flooding
Gained a pound. WTF??? PFFFFFFFT. Lettuce and water diet starting now.
I feel like a target on the expressway.
Dave Grohl really is an amazing person
Hooray! I am sure it is relevant and tempered!
King's Court: A Modern Dance and Theater Spectacular...2nite 8pm
Sounds good. :) RT : Late night Pilsner w/ at Five Napkin Burger after seeing & Pops.
tonight is gonna be funn!< 3 (:
Haven't been like this in a while
Someone raised the point to me that No, Bloggers are not journalists, but need to be treated with respect (the credible ones!)
im god. He wouldn't want you to do that ether
I kno I gotta start Chekn my food now
My dog has a humping problem.
rachel did you just kill the obama commencement feed!? way to go, jeez!
For those who #believe in #God no explanation is necessary. For those who do not believe in God no explanation is possible.
Man When The Heat Lose Tonight Ima Be @'n a lot of ppl
Cutler did amazingly yesterday. He was more of a leader than I've ever seen before.
“It’s not who you are that holds you back, it’s who you think you are.” ~Author Unkwon~
Hi Im GORGEOUS GIRL
Highly recommend movie #Bernie. You've heard of the "6 flags of Texas", watch this movie to learn about the "5 states of Texas"! :-)
Need my damn food.
Alot popping in hollywood for me this week, a real whirlwind of events amazing im truely blessed, lots of work yeah
what is wrong
Austin and Mahomies are Sexy Justin and Beliebers are Sexy
you didnt say hi back. jerk.
Very sorry to hear about your father passing. Very glad you wrote the Huffington Post article. Thanks 4 your words!
I hope all have a HAPPY HOLIDAY!!! Have a great weekend!
Eating a Root beer flavored icey #Winning. Lol
I will try 2 live tweet from the hearing on SB 1291: Help Laid-Off Teachers Retrain to Teach in Hard2Staff Math, Science & Special Education
' we are pretty happy about too! Good luck on your casserole, you'll need it.
"What comes out of your mouth is determined by what goes into your mind"
Overslept again!!! No time to workout! Grumble grumble
thanks! you too
Greetings! We are still looking for that perfect fit! Our site is "Coming Soon!"..
$17 Million is a lot of cash. Woo hoo! RT : Congrats, !
If they are bringing sushi, yay.
Driving to chatard for my last day of school...
I spent your birthday reading Red Glove. Thank you for another fabulous book!!!
even other people's bad attitudes will not bring me down today. i won't let them.
I always feel like somebody's watching me.
Tune into to hear Dr. Sushi interview the Sons of Daughters Trio on the Free Jazz BBQ. The trio performs tonight at the Tonic Tavern.
#ndpl everyone has something to contribute to the growing #DPLA movement
“ When & get together my TL gets fuckn hilarious!!!!”
the signs in the article indicate no RT:Is now the time to invest in health care stocks?: The Telegraph, UK Sat, 12/17/11 - 11:46 am
MT : The first lane of the new I-85 N bridge over the Yadkin River opened at 1:15am. Second lane should open by 8am.
Food, love, career, and mothers, the four major guilt groups
on my way to see Tatianna (Tati)
Happy Birthday! #Salute :) rt “: Birthday lunch at in a little bit? Me thinks yes!”
Those unis are so terrible. Louisville looked like garbage last night, and Baylor will tonight too.
had a great lunch with "Fab Forty" genealogy blogger #littlebyteslife and her delightful daughter.
working on it ;)
Chillin wit Tyga Chris Breezy...you know , the usual :) lol wbu.? RT : what you been up to dude
. Awesome Win, Highlights and reaction at 11 #GoHawks!
"Don't make the fuzzy parrot beg..."
no problem, count me in! Text me the address and I will be over after the Prayer Breakfast at New Sardis (round 10)
What to do about lunch today...
2 tickets to ONE DIRECTION sold out show plus backstage passes being given away May 5 at ROOM 101!! With HOT 107.9
Going to bed late....hope I can get up early to play some ball!!
#GodblessAmerica <3 why does it have to hurt like this?
DAYUMM #NikkiMinaj that figure is on point!!!
RT Colon cancer rap video: "If there's a polyp, it might be a scare, But don't fret it, man, they'll snag it with a snare"
The best thing is that with all the stuff I've invested in, I'm starting a side dj business with my bro.
Had THEE BEST dream in my life this morning but it was ruined when my son woke up and launched a ball at me from his crib . Thanks Jr :-)
RT: Love the smell of opening a new box of swisha sweets grape!
happy birthday:')
Made it to Louie's. Massive mound of orange-cheese nachos before me. Go Giants!
at my school you can!! But we don't have Internet :(
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today!
lmao that's guys for ya!
New Featured Bit is now up! "Shats R Us" Hear it at www.freekshowradio.com
Great day of weather here in Boston 2day//Wait 20 min's it will change'''
You did?! wait! What did you think?! Hoax? If so, where does the hoax begin? And what did you make of the dreams?
gonna cry myself to sleep because of.. Haha.
Be the change you want to see-my thought of the night. My headphones are in. My music is on. Goodnight everybody.
. found that games are most effective when designed with & within the community - seems obvious but can be easily forgotten
Won't be at this weekend- busy bike racing. Hoping for some good webcasts/tweets from attendees!
Hancock has a way of making these things interesting, a bit like a good novel. Particularly Sign and Fingerprints.
Bobby V is so fired.
we expect you to be at every single event :)
of course. Imy too!
If Wednesday's are referred to as "Hump Day" in a given work week, what is Thursday? Isn't going downhill a bad thing?
Kanye with the Victoria's Secret fashion show = an A winning night
one dirty penny ...
Please excuse the high volume of tweets coming from us in the next hour: It's #TTOT time!
Love the video!
lol you're speaking nonsense
Thanks, Angela. :)
