I sure wish I had that
we will see
Missing saltines and chicky doodle right about now.
Happy Thanksgiving! May you have a fantastic day filled with Family, Friends, Food, and Football!
holly shit! They really look like bandits.
You are welcome. I see big things on the horizon for you.
Go Big Blue! Yeah Cats!
goodmorning!! Have a god day!! Much love!
I can't stand it. No automatic promotion for #whufc as Martin Peterson piles on. Burnley? Get ready for the lottery that is the playoffs.
sleeping 'til i wake up
#StayAwayFromMeIf you cant watch a game of soccer
I'm not sure yet, but I'm thinking I won't complain about the heat this summer.
If Im Gonna Get Yo Pussy You better Give Me A STICKY FACE ! wet my face up
Now every dude want to be buddy off 300 not the spartan but dude with all the piercings and ish
I'd guess military ID plus DL (even if expired) should be fine. I'll check w Mr. Google.
Happy fat Tuesday!
Paying to work today. Thanks indianapolis
Thank you so much for the shout out!!
I love you!!!! Thanks so much for tuning in!!!!!
Considering the fact that I plan on getting white girl wasted. . .I'm thinking flats
Always! Do work son!
that public enemy mixtape still go hard.. Got that on rotation today!
Germany in 4 days!
current media is like a hot dog -99% filler and bug parts. Tell me the quality of media in the future looks brighter
Yeayea. Ill get tired about 4am probably
Okay back to American football.
Good luck tonight buddy!
Favorite performance so far - Bocelli & Blige
Yes, I have appeared topless on stage.
what do I look like a madame?? Jk - I will see who I know that is acceptable.
Song writing!!! :D gonna be amazing!
Going to get my first dose of CrossFit today...
Are you talking about the energy policy ad? God, it's terrible. More Home Depot ads, please!
Oh no. RIP Chuck Brown. God must be Busting Loose now.
Definitely #groundhogday Im on a flight and the jerk in front of me thinks they should recline til there's hair in my lap
what has just been sent off to the printers!
It's important to stay positive in life and be thankful for everything you have! ►T.R.
You affect the world by what you browse. Tim Berners-Lee
lol, thanks! You're not too bad either. I really flubbed the last one... > . < gotta take a break and go for a bike ride.
Can't wait for American Idol tonight!
them boys got the sick shit im tellin u...u gone be the only dude with the shit they gone look at ur from head 2 toe
"Don't judge others by their actions and yourself by your intentions." Strong, #leadership statement from Facing Giants. Worth RT
So true! The key is to make sure we are planning, and using a regional/community voice to do so. What is #1 on your list to see?
well you know how I do 😏
Hey there, sending you an email
Well tweeps here goes nothing.
Have a GRAND night Vincet! I am still on my search for you little game! Haha I haven't seen anythin...Yet! Lol (:
RT : RT : "3 Apples that changed the world: the one that Eve ate, the one that fell on Newton's head and the one...
RT : RT : Live life with no regrets.
Dis trip to SPAIN WILL MAKE ME HORNY...
The game literally just started and Welker has a TD!!
do you live in melbourne !?
I earned the Magnetic badge on Lose It!
Would you go with me?
Of course on my last day in ATX I discover a magical secret homemade froyo shop inside the Daily Juice on 45th & Duval.
LOL!!! So creative.
hope everyone enjoyed our radio show this morning on Thank you for having us on the show!
at pre-game!..getting ready for tonight!
in two weeks from tomorrow we will be in DC to pray and serve in our Nations Capitol! Retweet if ur a part of
People trending BIEBER IS THE WINNER
Shout out to the RocLyfe Ent. design team...they have continued to do a wonderful job building the look for the company!!
Your An Amazing Dancer iLove How You Dougie And Hopefully You Will Come To Florida !! (:
Let's try to meet up in the conference finals.
Jesus is alive !!!!
We'll be having more in the future, for sure! Stay tuned! :)
While MLS isn't on the same par with the Prem, La Liga, Serie-A or etc, real coaching happens in the MLS
Thanks for the RT! You're sweet!
I seriously don't care about homework anymore. Teachers should just stop assigning things I'm not going to do.
Good news: My cold is gone. Bad new: More snow is coming. DAMN IT, PITTSBURGH! Acousticafe tonight @ Club Cafe. 7pm. Brave the snow!
LET US DO IT
of course -- are people only asking these questions because we think she's going to be free??
So is there a hybrid gas grill that accommodates hardwood/charcoal too? Love hardwood grilling, but gas is fast and easy.
Can't wait for summer 2012, Going to be amazing, Bring on #Zante! x
A pleasure my over the pond friends.
Yes but true! Lol. What did you think it was going to be all vacation time sans-appolocypse? :-P
- U are my tweetheart. Um m m! Nite!
went to sleep on me. No one else to bother now, damn!
wins the award for fan of the day!! Thanks for spreading the word sweetie ;)
dnt start Yal been going to the spot
tweeting pls about to go to a relatives house
I am hungry for a steak. I wish there was a Longhorns here. =/
My goodness, #Badgers recruit Sam Dekker is the real deal. Dude just drilled the game-winning 3 while double teamed to win a state title.
MAVC winter league registration is Saturday, Dec. 5th from 10 am - 12 noon. www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
What would I do with $640,000,000 million...???? I see myself having a panic attack & end up in the hospital!
While I was explaining why women's bball players make less $, the ESPN commentator analyzed how hair style affects play style. Point proven.
I can't help but thing the new kid art work is like Christian grey! He's so mysteriously sexy!
Book Fair is open this week! We will also have the Book Fair open on parent-teacher conference day!
Happy Easter from our family to yours! We will re-open again tomorrow morning at 5 a.m.
sweet. Another social media platform for me to not get.
Did you know that Tom Cruise owns a Honda Rune and a Triumph Rocket? I wondered if he owns a helmet or two from HelmetCity? Hm...
real men do what they want..fake men do what they can!!!!just SAYIN...
Well this is boring
So pumped that is playing the Lennon Concert on 12/8. Great night for a great cause!
Yeah! Us tall girls need more tall men... I always get 5'9 or shorter guys tryna holla... 😳
next week :)
okay Fa Sho :)
I know it is #wedding day but Rangers up 9-0 in 2nd
Just watched Driver on #DWTS. 27 is good but come on now! When is he going get a 30 judges????
so what all end up doing yesterday??
Did you purchase one of the Delta Sky Club Groupons?
I'm going to take a shower and then go for a walk. MUST get out of this apartment ONCE today!
Thanks for checking in! I'm still hanging in there, although definitely ready to be finished! (Hopefully) one week to go..
#Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future. - Paul Boese
#WishWeWereThere MT #sextech2012 Come to Stanford East to see me talk Turning Page Views Into Social Action
NOO ! my best friend is leaving me ! :(
haha aint that the truth! They're crazy if they think its going to have any sort of impact...
Loved the part in today's #uschesschamps broadcast where said deepened his appreciation for bishops>knights.
hurry up and get home from Mehico dude!!!! And you have some explaining to do...
im here for u
Heading to Harlem to work at Hugs to all who came & sent love last Friday to support the forthcoming cinema! It was v. fun!
When shit gets real in a relationship. That's the moment when you find out if that person really wants you or not...
Thanks to thos who followed me today....u guyzz are beast... pls i still need to get to
boo come through!!!!!! The night is young and we feeling good and u need to as well. Come though
Never too late :) RT : Hi everyone, sorry Im late to the party. Whats in it? :D
Why does #Amazon think I'd be interested in Bibleman DVDs?
Hi there! Great meeting you too. Have been slammed this past week, but will get back to you shortly.
Idk there's Something about her that the 1rst time I seen her I Knew she would be Mine one Day.
WE DID IT GUYS. WE DID IT. SO HAPPY :D
The sun finally out... let's see how many HUB employees we can get to ride their bikes to work this week!
I'd love to scan them. I have lots of notes on the margins, notes that may be useful.
We stay quiet but busy. We're presently in production on a film by , is finalizing The Velvet Painting and more.
glad you made it safe chirp!
coming from you ? lol come correct honey . you lightweight . B Y E
Interested in joining the street team? Contact !
yumm lemon pie
T Plush is da man.
statement pieces are always in style! Switch it up & reach for a bold cuff and rock that with your little black dress at your holiday party!
play pretty much like Wigan and Swansea but without any pace
We're SO excited to have you as our photographer!! RT “: SO excited to be a part of in November!! Yay!!
I just started reading The Vow and I'm kinda worried that the movie will disappoint me. Cause the book is so sweet and amazing. 😃
Well Santorum was at 6% a few days before Iowa. I don't pay much attention to polls.
Keep Austin Weird with the Hippie, Rasta, and Respect My Asparagah rolls!
ok guess they wont haha good luck and wish you the best out in cali
I am listening to the "Build a $10,000 Business" webinar right now. Please get in contact with me. At part about Mexico.
You rhyme like a woman that’s got whore ways Laughter’s the best medicine so your records then should cure AIDS
"There is no second place in a gunfight. Winners kill, losers get killed. Fight to win. Train to live"
no you the buttcheek we already went over this!
“: I still remember the feeling i felt when i first started talking to you. ♥”
The little things are the best things.
Do you ever tweet anything besides how many followers you need or can get someone? How about saying something worthwhile?
Winery crawl
I'm pitching, Volp..
Saturday. On my way to pick up a giant ball of yarn call me
": I used to be scared of the dick, now I throw lips to the shit, handle it like a real bitch"..u sumthn else
Finally updated my Mac OS. Scrolling is weird. Also updated my iPhone and managed to accidentally delete a bunch of pics I wanted. Oh well.
I was looking thru scholarships online & I can apply for one for being thai. there's scholarships for the most random things. it's cool tho.
I know you're no good for me. But I'm so hurt I can't get this off my mind. I feel like I'm gonna be sick 
Let today be a good day.
of course I follow my fave news team! You, Bill, Allie, P.J., and Stefani!
I dressed all nice today (which is rare) to work. My boss looked at me and asked me if I had went to a Job Interview? LOL!!!
two tweets prove it... You have "nose bleeds and migranes" and your taking addy... And probably coke! Yay!
The thirst that i'm now witnessing <<< 👎👎👎
I fucking love oranges. I don't know why, they're just so fucking good<3
It's FUCKING HOT UP IN THIS BITCH right now, people in this house is about to mad as fuck because I'm about to flip the FUCK out!!!!!!!!!!!!
Waiting on the world to change
Explaining recent (over)use of "curate" as term RT : explaining his job as digital curator at NYPL
No ceilings mother fucker!:)
The largest Publisher of printed material is - US Government. No surprise when you think about it. I could rant here but I love my country.
That's good because I remember you were unsure about leaving LA as well. It's good things worked out for you.
is this the new music ??
Got free chipotle
I'll see what I can do about it…must be an encoding issue w/ PHP.
welcome !! RT : First day of work at was an absolute blast. Fun days ahead!
so thankful to have the day off :) brinner with the GAS interns!!
Finally back home. I believe it's now nap time. I'll be back on later for the #Degrassi Season 11 finale tonight. Ttyl tweeties. <33
no but i watched my amazing 13th!!! :)
ya when sanders goes nuts its all good. i just hope we can keep ersan and ellis, i know rumors have sprouted about trading BJ
oh yeah, have been for two weeks. :-(
happy mothers day sis luv ya
This epic Saturday now leads to the . Lotus is playing tonight while Mos Def plays around the corner at Howard U
I had FUN with the class yesterday. Thanks! I only had TWO cups of coffee, for the record!
“: So I just wasted 16+min watching the documentary...oh how the hairstyles have changed, hehe. Love you people!”
Rule #1 for #highfive- look at the elbow. Guaranteed #perfection every time!
you're late! It's been almost 4 months. 😱
It's gonna be another BUGGY day! Festival doors open @ 930. Hall B 1427
Talking today w. 2 great #writers about their separate year-long journeys: why shunned cash & why had 52 girl-dates.
i guess so lol
in studio dropping lady luck album comin apr check me out on datpiff/princelilshun,facebook,google,youtube,all dat good stuff
Wow the weekend went by fast! Have a Monday pick-me-up at Loop Juice. Freshly made juice combinations will get ready for the week.
A citation is a link is a citation. Who'll be first to get rid of the "print artifact" refs section. ?
“: Good ole Pendleton tonight.” you love it!
thanks, wendy!
I focus on human movement not biomechanics. If we focus on biomechanics w/out muscle & joint function we may miss something.
Rave Run. Blistered the streets of Phoenix for 10 miles of #urbanrun excitement.
i gotta pee like really bad and theres water everywhere cuz it rained!!!! ah >.<
is finally on my wall <3 First of many to come ! Thanks for the poster (:
Nice benefits!
10 Facebook Tips - When pregnant, take daily shots of your baby bump. We all want to see how much you've grown overnight.
Scary thoughts on the security front-- are there any grants designed around data protection for smaller collections?
Wish I had a maid and chauffeur!
Kevin great artical on semoball. I went to DC to watch Otto play Jan 21st. He was last off the court during shoot around before game
A4: Yes, and it has to be 10% of grade. That's changing next year as we move to CCSS.
Great meal at Mesh on Mass Ave. Scallops were delicious. Now that we're back in Indy we love all the new things we get to check out.
can you marry me......this is a serious question c:
The vote is 4-13, motion failed.
that awkward moment when you're reading a blog post and this happens: "It was then, in the darkness of the African continent, that I.."
when south park is on at 11 am >
Church I meant
oh four more now..
Radio will run Friday, Saturday, Sunday on 94.5 99.5 & 102.5. I hear Fox 34 may be out there too. Remember...this is not a competition.
some of it may be on YouTube. It was for the South Carolina Librarians Conference. It was printed in their journal methinks.
lol I'm in studio listening to all the ratchet songs.
76ers held to 26 1st-half points by Bulls lowest in a playoff game since Hawks also scored 26 in 1st half vs Celtics on 5-4-2008
just rediscovered my love for Starburst jellybeans...THANK YOU
Would love to help in any way that we can!
doesn't a kindle technically count as a book?
Good job moreno!
well that sucks get better soon
yum!!! I had a marg that had habanero infusion tequila. So good! might like it!
rule of thumb: never say your route outloud
this is really a good fight
I would love a hot tub toinght!
I bow to your supreme wit...!
Missing #eminem at #sxsw ...just 5 blocks away. what's up with that...we have our D card
Yes. Good job Giants!
hes so hot
Nationally teen courts save cities $9,200 per youth that is diverted! With over 900 youth in 2008, Youth Court saved DC over $8 MILLION!!!
while I certainly want greater parent engagement in schools, I am concerned that this will cr8 barriers rather than build
Do you have a dream for your family? Or is your dreaming just for yourself? How do you work towards it? Because it IS work...the best kind.
Check out the Starlight Girls tonight at The Cell Theatre!! Tonight at 8pm. Tickets are only $7
!|.!-- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
maybe you haven't had to deal with loving someone who didn't love you back but it's torture!
Thats how the #Coyotes beat the #Blackhawks. Put them on the power play and Smith was golden.
definitely an academic thing. Not sure if Butler was the first, might come from earlier ethnographies of clubbing
i mean does anyone want to co-own this account? lol
"maternity leave without pay" is not "full maternity benefits"
I wouldn't hire a family member to do much of anything...
chuckle! Lmao jk where you from?
Wow ladies drive me crazy make me understand
I am disturbed about the peanut butter preferences in my house. I've raised a brood of anti-chunkites.
anyone know anyone who makes good backgrounds?? i need a new one
gotta agree with that sarcasm.
I'll cuddle with you
#IfYouLiveInMoVal is trending! :o Ratchets say whhhhhaaat?
Why am I in the woods again
we aren't really in the ceiling fan business...but if you need some life insurance, we can help you out!
had Some other obligations. How are ya
So, so excited for all of you today!! Congrats! :) And btw, you tune pianos??? Mine def could use some help! Let's talk! :)
mama llama isn't home. I'll use mario's phone to text you right now.
seriously! Especially the Klout part...
“What helps people, helps business.” - Leo Burnett
RT : I'm not a music-while-running person. But I'm blasting the Beasties this morning for my run. Sabotage!
did some relief pharmacist work tonight. just had a guy try to convince me his script for 240 oxycontin was for real....puhleeese
Day already startin with some bullshit
when people do things that they know make you mad <<<
I LOVE MADISON !I LOVE MADISON!I LOVE MADISON!I LOVE MADISON! I LOVE MADISON! I LOVE MADISON! I LOVE MADISON! I LOVE MADISON!I LOVE MADISON!
“: Ethnic babies dressed as most appropriate Disney Princesses.”
Beautiful run through Central Park. Now can someone #teleport me home? :P
these kids today.....smh
I've been waiting for this day, it seems like FOREVER.
What a Crazy Day on the #BPL #SurvivalSunday Man city finished on top but the drama was priceless
You're a smart ass you know that? Hope all is well buddy
thursday night is my favorite day of the week
hotels do their very best to accommodate ur requests. and they are based on availability.
Lol but by junior year, that shit is normal..
just did.
A common theme present in most discussions of leadership for the 21st century is the leader’s ability to create, articulate, and...
Truth: RT : TV in this market is very good with incredibly smart people, but I feel this #pacers team deserves better that's all.”
Turned in the last chapter last night. Thought I'd sleep in this morning. Hah!
hahaha. life lesson for billi -- escape and i'll bring home another dog
Thanks! It's going to be a blast!
Yo ho ho it's a pirates life for me;)
You are my favorite menswear designer! Was at your Williamsburg Brooklyn outlet store yesterday.
About time!! Glad the 49ers finally got some sense and ran the ball!
Given how crazy my life has been lately, it is no wonder that I have more than 1000 emails unread in my inbox.
The guy in the car next to me started dancing and made eye contact trying to make me feel awkward I just danced with him. #goodtry 😊 👍
mayne! Please believe!
Best way to send online articles to reading offline on iPad? Thoughts?
So, let me get this straight; he's jumping for the sunshine? Charity gig in the sun. What an amazing guy!
Haha thanks. I think the person deleted their comment..probably because it was so blatantly close-minded!
Childish:D
Whale Wars puzzles me. People use these whales for food. It would be like People from India looking at how we treat cows.
Just saw THE AVENGERS for the 3rd time yesterday. I'm a Marvel Mad Man from way back. Did you stay till the very end?
Doesn't an Apple Bear Claw sound great? It's a flaky bear claw filled with cinnamon and apples..delicious!!
Heat game and Marlins game at the same time from Marlins Park. It's hard to concentrate with JJ struggling.
yeah, I'm pretty sure they said to come in the 19, that way just in case there's a mess up they can fix it before the wedding
"Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist, but in the ability to start over" and we #powerfulwomen (and you guys too) are good...
I love the DDC but sometimes Saturday night gets in the way.
Yell reaches debt deal with lenders - Financial Times
well yeah but it's huge & purple..
I have two books to read. Book #1 "Quiet Strength" by Tony Dungy. Let's Go!
good morning tonya
"I can't pretend a stranger is a long-awaited friend." From the song, "Limelight" by RUSH
God doesn’t require us to succeed; he only requires that you try.
what if justin like...dyed his hair purple
For which the power of the web can certainly be helpful. (I'm going home soon, I can dip into my pun quota.)
anytime Mr H
AAPT - All American Pet Company, with Pawtizer, up 3000% from my first call at .0013. LONG AND STRONG with Lisa and her Breakout Company!
Might want to use a 'greater than' sign next time. RT : angry now<<<<<<<love you later. Do it.
a lovely day indeed! missing
Show time
When am I gunna realize I can't party like I'm still in college
I'm not sure about this fat Betty storyline.
But we're so entertaining!
Someday I need to actually learn git.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle; Snow white and the seven titties
So he did get my message?
Because I figure he'd rather not Miss Saigon.
its whats underneath the mask...
I'm sick of talking officials but that is terrible flagrant call.
Obama buying votes?\RT : if this is incompetence we are in deep S**T, if its not we are in even deeper than...
RT Good seeing you tonight!! It was good seeing you too. Hope business is good.
It's that time of year again! The Half-Off Hotel Sale starts Nov. 17th, do you have your half-off hotel picked out? (We're one of...
but I honestly have no use for economic libertarianism it's because I find the underlying principle a quaint fantasy
#NowListening #MattiasHellberg High in the Lowlands.
I would Retweet but ur gay twitter is locked lol
I just love it how posts about EVERYTHING ALL THE TIME.
Thanks! Just happened to be listening to the OK Rainbows playlist this morn!
I love you not only for what you have made of yourself, but for what you are making of me
why do you hate your dad?
SAVE US WITH HERITAGE PORK AND ORGANIC BANANAS!
Work with a hang over :( this is not gonna end well.
Affirmation of the day by way of the one and only Ed Maupin:"I am complete."
Stock cabinets, which are the least expensive of new cabinet options, are premade and come in standard sizes.
Don't think they'll be competing for same kids.
haha good point
ShawtyMane is one great rapper <3 JBIEBS' Man I Love You <3
“: RT : If I don't fuck with u I don't fuck with the niggas u run with...#SimpleShit”
Polyphony H.S. Volume VII has is in the graphic designers hands! mid-August hot off the press!
boom! Work is gonna be fun tomorrow! “: The Ohio Bobcats are headed to the Sweet Sixteen!!”
hey what's up :)
How do you explain Mary's virgin birth to your pets so they don't get confused or frightened when everyone is opening Christmas presents.
Ride together ,die together, best mom for life
Confirmed that teachers love opportunities to share ideas w/ each other. Teaching is best when shared!
": I vote that Cody slicks his hair back more often. ;)"
My little sister called me beautiful 😊
Check this out! SUMIKO'S has elegant, one-of-a-kind designer clothing that you can't find anywhere else. 3007 Main St, Santa Monica, CA
Maybe they are playing cards in there...
that was an awesome commercial! Glad to see you on the screen again!
For 'tis the sport to have the engineer Hoist with his own petard...
Granger hit Wade in the face!!!!
I'm doing the color run in Dallas next weekend!!! White tutus :)
The stupid idiot Johns. co sheriff is going 2 try & tell me the BEES flew away w/10-12 " piece of bees wax n tow; does that tell U anything?
RICHARD HUGO HUG SYNDROME
Or 'You say trans like it's a bad thing'
Haters only hate the things that they can't get and the people they can't be.
Tweet me a scenario and I will reply with a picture for example your dog was a unicorn & I'll reply with a
You don't have to be from San Francisco to take advantage of MyGuyTrip's adventures. We help you make the most of your trip to the Bay area.
Legitimately gained like 10lbs during these last two weeks. Must workout!!!!!
much appreciated!
you got that Big K.R.I.T. L4eva N a Day"
: Any idea if Gurode will play center once Grubbs is 100%?
Yes :) You sure you don't want a phone call from Matt? :)
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle - My Big Fat Greek Titties.
No problem, it was a good read!
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: William Richter ⁰Rising 7th ⁰Cumming, GA ⁰Travel Team: Suwanee Sports ⁰Shooting Guard 5’8
just applied for the Chicago 2012 conference!
yeah cause everything I tweet is about you..
that's what I was thinking. It's the time of year when time ceases to have meaning besides countimg down to election day!
I LOVE YOU ROSIE! You were amazing on Happily Divorced this week ... Hope we get to see you more often on TV!
The new Chatoe Wet Hop Ale tastes as good as a 3rd place trivia finish feels here:--->
#whenifirstjoinedtwitter it was 3 years ago, and everyone on here didnt suck.
better or worse than "can i get a retweet?"
Woke up like " who turned the alarm on" lol HELO GOVNOR! Lol
The meatpacking district is weird. I believe I was hit on by a prostitute. Now to check out times square.
preparing for another shoot tomorrow...:)
English teachers put more thought into a book than the author did
Happy to see my new CA friend on twitter! Welcome to the #twitterverse bb!
On the road back to NoVA from a filled with friends and good ideas for the future.
Still opportunities to be a host family for an African student bit.ly/abfN4F
he was JUST over 2 hours ago. I was in a good mood :c we'll work things out.
obmutescence: the state or condition of becoming mute, speechless, or dumb, esp. obstinately or wilfully so: via
I can really go for some , But I have no money.......
Sent baconipsum.com to my friend... but his company blocks the site! Thinking the company must be run by vegans...
Yeah, we're an agency specializing in digital marketing. Thanks for tweeting! Enjoyed your blog on conversational interactions.
tomorrow we open w/ web x-ray goggles & then get funkier w/ our CSS - maybe IDs or classes, based on what kids want
Thanksgiving is perfect for Football and "Fantasy Football Now". Go to our facebook page for info on a chance to win $100 apple gift card.
Thank you for your time and support! Means so much! RT : Mentoring the youth at MD Freestate Challenge Academy!!!!
Buy my new hit single "No One Curr feat " now on iTunes.
At home feeling great today but lonely :(
That's actually true, but doesn't tend to come up in all day faculty meetings.
Not aware of any research that supports cubes and presenteeism = results from knowledge workers. Might hear that, but no data.
Simplicity is the key to brilliance. Bruce Lee
I can't find u but u can txt me 850-525-8656
Tornado warnings. Awesome.
#loveyoulongtime Go Pacers!
ah. We just don't have it in Midtown NYC. I'm a slave to the Whole Foods gods
on Tim's calendar. Tonight at OTB.
Questions of science, science in progress cannot speak as loud as my heart.
I was bout to say you'd go to pride and the gay club with us!!!
holy inbox disaster! i'm getting emails i never got from a week ago. begin damage control...now.
"At those moments, he thought of himself as a Conceptual Lesbian"—from Jonathan Lethem's new story, in the magazine Monday.
Hope Your Day Was GRAND! Love You! (:
And when budgets are being cut, that's never good news! But if digitization isn't available in-house, that's also $$$!
#nf follow back son
I blame the
FYI Has Done Nothing But Attack Both People That I Know On Here&Me. Avoid At Your Own Risk.She's A Squirrel Working 9-5
I hate when people ignore me
ha! Then u could really get to know ur teacher and his dog!
wait a second is it trending!! I was right
Looks like I'm gonna be drinking early. RT #Longhorns' spokesman says Malcolm Brown "not expected to go" today.
thanks bud, about time
I enjoy his guitar playing, but i hate his singing....(sounds worse then me and i sound like shit) lol
4 more weeks of school?:D
My Baby Carlton Called Me Today, I'm Gone Have To Call Him Back
Something tells me this weeks gonna go by fast
Mariners hang on in a squeaker over Detroit. 5-4 today. #fb Sweep!
Oh, most definitely. But they were to most vocal coming out against the luxury tax which has produced a better overall product.
Q1 Bake people cupcakes. Everyone likes cupcakes.
not surprising since it is intra-city.
hello! doing a story today on ticket refunds. saw you on twitter. are you a season ticket holder?
History of communication problems at CeBIT. 1980's: Find a phone booth! 1990's: Find a cellphone signal! 2012: Find stable WIFI!
SideShow: Say it can’t be so: Kim and Kanye considering engagement???
#WhyAreYou not talking to me?
Hot mornings like this is whats been missing in my life.
Yesterday's John Nolen Dr. fire proving difficult to investigate. We have the latest on #NBC15 News at 6.
What makes it Christian? Better for kneeling when praying? Does it crack & burst fire/brimstone when gays walk on it?
I love you for tweeting this !
Please see my answer on to: Motion to Quash - I marked your question to be placed in the La...
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
Afternoon panels at #iMappening starting now! Join us in SCA 110 at USC!
Cannot believe I'm missing Richmond v. Muncie Central tonight...luckily radiotroy.com will be televising, go check it out
RT : I wanna be able to turn invisible RT : If you could pick one super power what would it be
It takes alot for a man too change. Good thing I did early...
Im just tryna get rich!!
You know what would be cool? Not being sick. That would be cool :)
Nicely put RT : If there's 1 thing to take away today, it's that no company will succeed w/o engaging brand ambassadors
send a tweet to help find her
"Speak softly and wear a loud shirt." - Kimo's Daily Hawaiian Rules
GRRR. i cant write poetry! dumb English class...
I miss them so much!! RT please go do #redeye again it's been a while.
not exactly an original thought. :-)
thanks bro
dd what was the name of the oakland sports bar u took your wifey?
Tomorrow is our first GLBT history seminar. The presenter said the presentation is for a "mature audience." I hope the teachers are ready.
Just a few of my reminders of what a awsome God we serve.
So much to do in the next couple of weeks! :-)
That would be so incredible if followed me ; but with all the tweets hes getting, i doubt he will. haha. (:
Being persistent at your goals is the key to success.
youre not even a real rapper. Youve been "working" on your album for like 2 years. Oh and i hate your tweets.
uh ya!
Lol right right #Strike !
Dont Waste Your Time Chasing After Someone When They Dont Even Give A Damn About You ..
My Father just gave me a speech O.O Dramatizing
Get me out of here so I can enjoy my first night of summer !
No we r giving that credit to #Chico RT : I wonder if is taking credit for the hat trick tonight?
What happened to the slow jams in the club?
People change, and things gowrong but always remember – life goes on!
iOS options I've found from suggestions/research: Crosswords ($10), Crossword (free), NYTimes Crosswords (both).
follow me cause your cool like that
The Nothing
false . RT : RT : Breaking News: actor Morgan Freeman has passed away in his Burbank home
Yeah buddy they're showing American dad at this gym
I'm here guys don't worry I see them
i suspect a lot of my fascination with Bowie is tied to my fascination with identities. chicken, egg? dunno. :)
I'm not a morning person, Do not pull the covers off me, I will kill you.
In Future of Museum Ethics Ideas Session: Agreed Wikipedia is model for trust-building through transparency & openness.
What is everyone up to today? Did you find a few moments of "me time?"
EVERTHING MUST GO !!! Dining Room Set $ 279- HUGE FURNITURE SALE up to 65% off !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Your spring semester #abroad is almost over...what are you doing to take advantage of your last few days?
Best thing for him, and team, right now. RT : Do you have initial thoughts on Chacin getting sent down?
shaping out to be a legendary week at - Sir Simon Rattle of the esteemed is leading Bruckner 9, Ligeti and Mahler.
Am now! Thanks!
My big toe itching like hell RANDOM
you did a great job. I dont know what the jury was thinking. you should have got more votes.
You can spend your entire life focusing on your scars, or proudly carry them with you as you reach for the stars
yes, depth due to injuries is killer, but fatique is rarely an issue in tourney games
Insomnia. Again.
like most GOP Extremists, Eric Bolling needs to pull the meat pipe out of his mouth.
Saw him walk/stumbling along Madison Ave one day. Guy's a fricking GENIUS.
RT : How many years have you been craving the #Castle?
Just completed a 69 min workout...4 workouts to go with
We have a really nice 24 ft. camper for sale. If anyone needs one let me know. It's in great shape. 4200.00
they need to get in together
I love him!.what song? & mom's day was quiet.
: If Glee goes on tour again would you go with them? And you should do an album!
Ethnographers, which textbook(s) do you use in your university classrooms?
i dont apprecite it but im glad you didnt say the c word :)
Talking to genealogists about the project at Genealogical Society of PA's "Mining Online Catalogs!" As useful for me as I hope for them!
That awkward moment when all the open tabs in Safari on your iPhone are articles about #Ochem reactions.
Don't tell me what I did and didn't do. I'm pretty sure I know..
sorry dude, just checked twitter now
Those states extended assistance to protect needy people who were about to be cut off b/c of the five year federal deadline.
Nothing like putting ur anger towards a solicitor, instead of the person who is causing it
Doing a scratch session with Dj Eddie menzz Boii
what up Jesse!! Hope u and the fam are doing good!!
The word "Buddha" means Enlightened/Awakened One. Buddhism teaches that WE ARE ALL BUDDHAS at the chore of our highest self.
Just finished a taco johns commercial audition... Forgot my name
haha then where is everyone seeing it?!
The biggest mistake you could ever make in life, is fearing that you will make them.
Beautiful pics..keep up the good work!!
they run in my life.. I get them all
Thanks, Andrew! Best of luck to you...and best of luck to Luck! :)
When it rains it pours.. 2 more potential projects in the hopper. Working on sis' site now
STATIK SELEKTAH LIVE IN THE MIX ON THE PULSE--POWER 98.3 WHERE HIP HOP LIVES!!!!
PIE FRIDAY! RT : Friday pie day at HQ: Pear Cream, Strawberry Rhubarb and Apple Ginger. All available in our bakeries!
is dodge a punter or a special teams gunner?
Beet green and baby arugula and herb salad, not to mention mountains of basil, kale, endive and baby lettuce for
Thanks! I'm here for a couple more years at least. Time to experience NOLA as a resident and not a grad student. :)
Man I wanna move to Evergreen
mmhhmm ice cold beer
Lawrence Ferlinghetti, owner of fabulous City Lights Bookstore in San Francisco, is alive and well at 92, the last of the Beat Generation.
Day of Action: working with the on innovation in education.
Come on #kansas get ur head in the game, don't be discouraged.
Hi. I will definitely tell her! We'd love to see you!
Great night in the NFL! What's everyone thinking about SUPERBOWL?
"That can never happen again," she told him, every single time.
It's shaping up to be a full day of being shunted around at the hospital. Just like old times!
Thank you! (Also, that reminds me I've almost got something ready to send to you--the first part of my NaNo mss.)
need a broker?!
Hi ChicksW Guns! Want to purchase 2 autographed copies for client event here in San Diego in June. Please advise.Thx!
Dear crush I think you're sexy Sincerely, Randi
Is justin gonna be on snl tonight?
Turned in my last paper for the semester! BAM!
#SQL Tempdb - use mutiple drives, arrays, data files for parallel processing spawn multiple spindles; Adjust autogrow; Standard is ~100MB
good girl ;) Happy NYE have fun and be safe. Xx
actually, we are redoing the silkscreen - try again next meeting!
Add my new account!!
Another wonderful day...you bring out the very best in me, thank you!
"Once the game is over, the king and pawn go back in the same box" ~ Italian Proverb ;) x
What does Mrs Dracula say to Mr Dracula when he leaves for work in the evening? Have a nice bite!
ohh lol but a least you tryed to pick a name for us
Thanks for hanging out with a gal that has wardrobe issues! Have a fabulous day! Xo
yes it would be a good look!!!
Anyone notice the wink self gave ???? Hm....
At #fllc12 is doing a great job of walking everyone through an example of researching African law & cracking the audience up.
it's ok:) haha
My favorite band , & :) this all band are awesome:) ilovethemsomuch<3
Awesome! Great job getting it in your library! I ordered it and my kids are all teens-lol!
Whoever is in charge of the music is #ONFIRE tonight!
SO READY FOR #BOYFRIENDvideo WORDS CAN'T EVEN DESCRIBE HOW READY I AM!
can we wear masks?
The Presidential social media score: # Followers - 15M; 0.5M Does it matter? Leading indicator?
I'm part of the Texas Cornhole league now. Whoot!
Why my job is awesome: 30m tweeting MCA lyrics w/ links to the albums, ending w/ the love & respect quote from "Sure Shot" on Mother's Day.
Lakers are Done. Ima Laker Fan who is gettin prepped for 2nd Half of my Real Estate Sales Year; June through November.
Rehab was rough but I'm gaining ,pain only has the power you give it !
All i need is a pillow and my day is done
Happy Birthday ! Thanks so much for joining us for your B-Day dinner!
My nuts hang like ain't no curfew.
My exp: All Safeways are anti-bike rack
fuck Brooklyn an fuck the brooklyn cowboys.
I'm gr8 just did my nails
Want to find sun in Seattle? Soon, a mobile app will show you the way, thanks to Tracy Hartford and
Love my favorite cousin ... I have the best times with this guy!
Willie Tyler~ The reason lightning doesn't strike twice in the same place is that the same place isnt there the second time.
I just reached over 1200 connections on linkedin. If you have any recommendations for more Atlanta connections please introduce me. Thanks
5 TT's about oh yes I love my boys <3
Just went and followed back !!!!
Are you bored, cold, and alone? Come to and support the indie book fest!
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
I love live in concert
you don't need ta be prepared , ugh . Thas on another one but yeah stupid
Great! Glad to hear it! Good luck!
So glad you're enjoying them!
okay good. Ill try not to forget too
#itstimeyourealize that I will do anything for you, but instead you just played with my mind
Ordering flowers is now easier than ever! Download #PeoplesFlowers #Floralapp from the app store under floralapp. Use key word "Peoples".
It's kinda say how much I look forward to Sundays simply because it's #GameofThrones night.
Only a life lived for others is a life worth while
I've never been so damn happy to pick up dog poop in my life! First "normal" poop from BOTH dogs in 3 weeks!!!
Oh sure Lauren...big show off, flaunting those 8 Washingtons!
Great IML555: Digital Pedagogies class today. Looking forward to the semester!
Dog in doggie hospital, yet I'm still talkin to him. Feel like he's there. He doesn't answer, anyway. Only thing he ever says is Gotta poop.
I love ♥ They're just awesome girls :)
Be sure to follow us on twitter !
Plans for a long, restful lunch break are a wash. But at least I have a few minutes to *eat* lunch.
Lets take a walk along the shore, but dont wear your white shoes- youll get blood spatters from stepping on the dead fish.
yeh why, what's wrong with it? I keep forgetting what I'm doing. x
I had the best birthday dinner @ Searsucker last night. It totally lived up to the hype and the service was great.
Hey ! That's awesome! Where did you work out with Ricky at?
Thanks to all of the new members that signed up at jetoure.com. Hit me up if you have any questions, or feedback. I want to hear from you!
Haha you can but you'll sink and probably break an ankle. I suggest wedges for our beachside marina dining and partying. ;)
FYI RI beat CA in United States of Improv. On to round 2 vs NY/MO winner! May 2
Change teacherss conditions, by first changing public thinking re: ed. aims.
Nada, Taste of Chi. I am TOO awake for this hour.
Great picture! Thank you for all of your support during the campaign! ^jh
My ESPN consumption has quadrupled this week.
I get pissed when I hear girls looking for tips to make their boobs look bigger.. 👎👎👎👎👎👎
“true education... will have the greatest tendency to civilize and humanize them in their relations to one another" - Plato
that nap was much needed. (:
alright! and but all my pictures are of her not me.. so yea..
Beating drugs a matter of faith - Washington Examiner
now i know just what went wrong. i guess i wanted you more, and looking back now, i'm sure i wanted you more.
If no one gets 50% +1 in a City Council primary, then the top two candidates go on to the November city-wide election.
what a coincidence, I have nothing but good things to say about samoas.
Today, interviewer. Tomorrow, interviewee.
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO ! stop by Bookholders and enjoy the music!!! oh & bring ur book to sell back to
hi can u pls follow me I really need to ask u something but it's about justin bieber and I can't put it in publi so i gonna dm
Maybe it's exclusive to the Comcast family?
I can see, with my new admin powers, that you're still editing your #prismlaunch post... but I do LOVE it so far, fyi
Great 2 days at the Getting It Done II Conference in Chicago. Can't wait to bring these new ideas to the neighborhood.
#IfICouldIWould YOLO it to the max (;
Stay focused, live blessed
thanks for sharing the sweet photo and for serving at the Mission!
Np could u follow me back?
just blinked
"I've been waiting all my life - You're not a day, you're not a day too soon." ::sia::day too soon::
i guess everything is officially done now..
Are these your books??? How did you get them???
ya i wanted too...i just woke up hah
Baaaah To My New Followers -
Congrats to everyone who ran and participated and volunteered in yesterday's NYC Marathon, a stellar effort people! They're our fav client!
#BlackPeopleGoogleSearches How do I unlock this Iphone I just stole
Guess who did good this semester? This girl. This girl right here.
not sure about getting to the Heights. there seems to be flooding everywhere. Major flooding problems along I-45.
Let's meet up!!! Ha, I'm on Tour with BMW! X
Lol RT : You say 'diva' I say 'bitch'. Only one of us is right.
Follow us right now for VIP entry to upcoming events. Starting w/Partyboyz performing LIVE inside Endless Music April 12th RT for VIP entry
A vet RB would make A-Rod even better.Alex Green most likely cut by end of T camp or on Pup.
Ugh. Well I hope u have a good weekend nonetheless
I guess I'll go to sleep soon
lol yes it do
Big Man Sik-Wit-It!
"And that's the first bitch points of the night". -Jim Nantz.
I miss seeing everyday :(
That a boy Don, lay the smack down.
Same here :)
Met some very interesting people tonight...look forward to making more connections.
#sucks but what can you do?
Yeah.....but she kinda already knows I'm getting that for her. hehhhh hehhh hehhhhhh
Whoa. There was just a man in my window.... my office is on the 3rd floor. That will wake you up!
Working 11-7 today. Hopefully it goes by fast!
Yep. After giving it up for Lent, it's like drinking the "nectar of the gods"...
Is it me or does the YouTube guy remind you of Topher Grace?
you too! Yes definitely next time~
Hot patios in Ballpark: go eat/drink in the sun today!
I'd place the page indicator the bottom center of the main content area, over the extra seed packets in the background.
The dreaded lunch hour is upon us. Time to go back in and make these hungry bitches some biscuits
hahaha or in my case 4444444444
five and a half hours to write 10 pages. I can do this. I just don't really want to. then i can finish the hunger games!
Yeah MWP... That elbow you gave Harden already showed you were "reppin your hood"...
thank you much, Irene, rainy here, but had a good night :)
I don't need a therapist, I have friends.
Love it!!! RT : I'm on a stakeout with all lady reporters; rare and awesome!
let me know if you find a good one. I'm looking as well
I am not sure, I may have to go tomorrow, don't know how much longer I can go without a bosco
yeahh I was thinking about you too lol
There's almost nothing I will do to prevent Train from being perpetrated on the world.
broken link
Four days till
Heat was 2 seed so why not them vs us?
I'm going crazy, cause he throwing money..
Everyone has 1 film that none of their friends enjoy. I know a guy that digs "Play It To The Bone"
Like chicken wings??
girl until 9pm its cool tho
Don't go thinking that this was a waste of time.
I didn't know Jamie Foxx sang the alcohol song either he's pretty talented
Everytime you lie, it brings me a little closer to goodbye. </3
All the people that are in my life eventually move on and leave me by myself.
NBC's Community is has been renewed for 13 episodes next season. Great news for a great show!
sorry. just saw ur tweet; was out of country. medical librarians r avid social media users. what type of research r u doing?
he is playing bball too....dana is happy!
Someday I will be noticed by you or you or you or you or you ♥
Great time for a first interception!!! Ravens win!!!!
thank you for watching this while I am at work
My name is nick and I love my girlfriend ;)
Then you better go cool off since my awesomeness is radiating over the pond
We were able to hire another sales rep today, excited to see LMS grow and more importantly I am excited about the people we are hiring!
Did you know that most American car horns beep in the key of F? If you could customize your car horn, what sound or song would it be?
Movie n popcorn kinda day here at home watching the cabin in the woods.
Goals > convenience
I'm Supposed To Be Washing Dishes.
wat up tweeters
excellent win today for the Timbers!
Jesus Fucking Christ, are all you batshit conservatives going to screech about the media EVERY time you get called out for being idiots?
A Monster Calls
Today is such a Royal Flush day
Countdown ... 8 days till I start my second & part-time job with the ! Come say hi at Target Field.
As far as the laws of maths refer to reality, they're not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
I sure do!
Show update coming soon!
recommends considering being "too afraid NOT to act on your passions." Great way to flip fear on its ass! Love it!
make me something to eat im hungry :-)
My cuz over in Japan playin B- ball .Thankful that he's 10 hours away from the catastrophe praying 4 those who are affected.
Thanks sweetie
or maybe I didn't. I swear I said something about it but might have been drinking
says: DDOT reports road collapsing at 22nd & H St, NW. The 800 block of 22nd St is closed at this time. DDOT on scene.
but it is what I do best :-P
fuck this game :(
Think I had a Monster too many Im chitty chatty and text waring myself cause nobody can keep up!!!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (:
Why do people who know the least know it the loudest?
He lives in Canada :| ?
Caddyshack is on!
Has anyone else has deplorable customer service from Sears lately?
I have officially vanquished my summer to do list. Now to start on my fall to do list. The king is dead, long live the king.
What makes them think the Midwest is flat?
I can't lift my arms today. So I'll yell at chad too even though idk who he is.
No prob-- I was going to go over at 2:30 to look at audio. I have the reservation copy.
How long have U been in re in Wichita?
New hair colors and style=bonkers
How is it on a scale from onw to ten??
First bad tamale of my life. How disappointing.
The eyeball of a human weighs approximately 28 grams
My arm keeps having muscle spasms!...
If the NHL were to start a round robin with eliminated teams...no one would watch the rest of the playoffs!!
Tonight was not my night. Ugh :( Had fun playing #Skullgirls with the #Dustloop guys though. Copping that tonight at 3am on XBLA woot.
I am hoping to see a lot more of my fav sooner then later. I know hes got bigger things coming...
Yeah I'm just gonna work hard and see where it gets me
no i never had them to begin with Hahahaha
you guys gotta come back!
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.1
i say this everyday yo RT : There is no need to take pictures of yourself this early in the morning
how about this one for a #classicjoke, just read it 2day, girl is that a keg in ur ass, cause i wanna tap it. Lol
What's it like to win a hand at showdown in a tourney?
I mean you got it taken care of so I guess that means you're attractive again...
Will you be including images in the facebook posts soon?
Happiness is for wimps.
I've had my eyes on the prize even through the slump. Monday will be a good day.
Teacher: What can we do to stop polluting our waters ?Pupil: Stop taking baths ?
Shout Out to he's a real cool person and he follows back so go follow him :)))
This is my last regular week of highschool ,
RT : Hello Tweeters! Please note that our twitter handle has changed to . Help us get to 250 followers. Pls RT!
Thank you very much.
Yes! RT : What you bring into your life should be worthy of a standing ovation. If not, you might want to close the curtain!
wow Keegan Bradley, almost holes a 90 footer for birdie
We're sorry to hear that, I believe we just sent you an email.
When is Wilfred back on?
Want great hair,makeup,and clothes tips? Go buy the "seventeen" the cover will be Demi Lovato! (:
o well dude I love you man u.u
divnt forget to listen to rihanna and chris brown birthday cake remix its the type of filth your ass loves!!
TGIF & Happy Anniversary bud! Are you going to paint the town red tonight?
If money wasn't an object what Cadillac would you own?
Though I think Witz's favorite was "Oh Mercy," so that tells you something right there.
Register for my July 24 workshop & receive a 1-day pass to the Burbank Film Festival (9/15-18) and admission to their Women's Night Mixer.
Wronger than a Left Turn cause you know that shit ain't Right.
Can't wait for the weekend
What does everybody think about new #Vikings Def. Coor. Alan Williams? The Colts have had a surprisingly better pass defense than you think
Thanks. Be prepared for a lot of beer-related tweets :) Heading to tonight!
Hello Jack, I left a message on PokerPoint's "Wall" Thanks.
Don't you love Indianapolis?
interesting person
Notepads in this generation of Technology? You Crazy? Make your bar or restaurant hum with Hummingbird POS
yessirr! Stepping it up on recruiting!
just made our reservations for thursday! looking forward to some yummy spanish food.
I'm informed there's a supply of baby shoes such as moccasin bootees and little bootees. We're really in need of low priced bootees. [1944]
Also starting to learn pinch harmonics :D
hey now, be nice.
Easy Question :] Q: What's Ariana's age?♡
m thanks!! Great meeting you as well. We have the pink that Kat was wearing!
Great night of bouts for the US Olympic Team Trials for Women's Boxing w/ Tomorrow night is the finals!
Hypnotized by The Franchise.
Why did the hipster burn his mouth on a pizza? He ate it before it was cool.
R U watching the new show on #ExtremeCouponing? Imagine how they could show #CrazyLove by sharing their purchases with food banks?
Ahh can't wait to enjoy the sunshine on lunchbreak #corporateproblemas :)
This day is taking so long
Many thanks to for bringing in some of their new Jalepeño Mozzarella Bagel Breakfast Sandwiches... Good stuff
Arsenal secure 3rd, the 1st half of the dream is now complete. Now if Chelsea lose the CL final, life will be perfect. Go Bayern!
No matter what lies someone tells the truth will always prevail!
RT Aw. That Burgher gave the foul ball..Guy at work said he caught foul ball, gave it to a kid last night. You're right, a good guy
You're on my mind 90% of the time, & that other 10% is wondering if i'm on yours too..
friends of the year nominees
I hope you're right. But I talk to lots of people - all walks - and I think the movement should be open 100%
hope that helps and thx for checking out !
That record you did for Future is too crazy.
Another San Diegan #London bound! Congrats to La Jolla's Carrie Johnson who'll represent USA at #Olympics in sprint kayak
fuck i really need a skateboard! thats like my ultimate hobbie im addicted to that shit -.-
A word of advice. If it's been in the fridge for more than 3 days, get rid of it. I'm learning this lesson the hard way.
": Sitting in car rocking out to "
oh...sitting in the car outside getting my mind right. You know the deal...
Exactly! Use it to facilitate and not replace interaction.
you're volunteering for teh lulz? Why, how nice of you.
That sounds so nice. I need to commandeer a laptop
For my L's bitches!!!!
IM FUCKING TOO LAZY TO MOVE
i no right
it was already on!! When I was putting the straw it in all shot out lol
No it's wasn't iconic boys.... It was ICONic Boyz...(:
I love my brother and his friends.
have a fabulous trip and great to see you!!
When I needed a breath to rise, from my sleep No one could help me.. except God
Hey there won't be many friends and family needing tickets for Nashville tonight, right? ;) Can you reserve section 2 for me?
More Bull Shit!
now following bk the beYOUtiful miss
i am surprised Bravo hasn't snapped you up. You need to pitch them some ideas - seriously
Clean rape tube bid?
Bodies are being oiled, pushups applied....
#hackingmedicine RewarDr - Gamifying healthcare for the patient. Great idea, get it done!
#1: the quick & dirty fix - Google Docs + Dropbox. Easy, but not secure, no legal cites in Google Docs.
Thank you so much for your kind words! Pls stop by again when you come to NY!
Thanks just took it! Think I aced it :D Still have lecture though
Not diggin’ the temperature drop? Come on in for one of our savory soups like tomato bisque, minestrone or midwest corn chowder.
RT : Over 18000 Mavs fans are at the FREE AAC Finals Watch Party. MFFLs we have one more half of Rowdy Proud and Loud to go!
If the lessons of history teach us anything it is that nobody learns the lessons that history teaches us.
All followers are welcome here, but letting you know that Central CA CLUW has an additional Twitter pg at Please follow! :)
Flight to New Orleans takes off in 12 hours, can't wait to cheer on the CATS!! Totally worth the 4 am alarm!
trololololol now he's in the freeezeeer :P
2 more months and a new begining in a new place Puerto RICO here i come cant wait!!!
Addicting my friend
“: To dare is to lose your footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose yourself - Kierkegaard” Love this-- so true!
I ask the same ? why chick beer when there are so many good beers.. response why have so many flavors of Ice Cream
Figured out my prom dress and hair:)) #Excited!
what time are you going....your nephew and i might help
So is in my 3k steeple race tomorrow night
...but I don't want to find real people looking for hot sex. I'm looking for room temperature sex.
Mahalo ! "Liking what I see with Sprout Social with Gwen @ #SMSHI Had been curious about it."
JUST GO BACK FROM TAKING MY LIL GIRL TO THE HOSPITAL EVERYTHING IS WELL WITH HER
thanks. Fun to do
Awesome search story!! :D Should send it to the Arrogant Butcher's manager ;)
Thanks for following us, APA! Meow us at Plush this Thurs.!
Driving past Disneyland, remembering the last time I went...um, November 1982!!
not sure, but I will let you know :)
It was....nice?
We couldn't agree more!
I have one, but I only see her in the mornings. :( LLN
slay one for me!!
Oh, good one! RT : Fleet Foxes, hands down
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity. ~ Ayn Rand
really? You don't like him? Well here's something else that's not true, us being friends.
Today I went to see live in concert! Words can't describe how BRILLIANT they were! Prodigy you waved and winked at me 1-4-3
systemic change, I think, is what #Occupy is mostly about.
crazy digital world jargon of the day "remote omniscience"
we want to be everywhere! Thanks for the support mike
thanks for the tips. I could use some lessons on all.
ROFL & CGU! U guys woke me up with Your loud wrds! SMH
haha pirates and ninjas are just brothers from a different mother and they don't know it...lol
Tebow trows a Intersection to Chung! Patriots got it at there own 31. 1st and 10
CALIFORNIA is only 69 days away for you!! I get to see YOU (my best friend) in 69 days :D
ok well im at my moms meow making myself a cd and grabbing some shit for the project and ill be headed home to snag some wifi
We're so happy to be here! [Even if I am sick and haven't tweeted for days, sorry!]
please follow me austin <3 :)
Looking forward to speaking about Social Media in the future and for your industry - tweet me your Questions and comments
Random tweet *Shrug*
good question, we heard rumors she still may add dates
Thanks for the follow :D
20k homeless in ATL on any given night! Milton Little, United Way
hey! You follow me already, and your retweeted i would die!(;
#MyLastGoogleSearch how to get love bug guts out of clothing.
what does that mean :S
Last meeting of the day and it's at Crazy Mocha. Chai Latte in the spring sun? I can deal with that.
on essay question about Al Jazeera, pretty much everyone in the class mentions the canal/porn thing. Excellent teaching...
Thanks for the RT!
Hi my love:)
Now... where is my yummy coffee??? At my friend's house of course, silly!!!
Regina: Ma'am, do you have this in the next size up? Saleslady: Sorry, we only carry sizes 1, 3, and 5. You could try Sears. Lmfao!
K-12 is business and the profit = student achievement. Use that to guide $ decisions and go deep in conversations that matter.
Before she eat it she gone clean that dick, I gotta clean bad bi**h
Annoyed after watching Rory McIlroy win the US Open and sick of all the hype they're giving him Time for your comeback buddy!
do you get all these from uber facts?
im bored as fuck right now
That link doesn't work. :(
I just gotta make it til November && get my Diploma && pass my State Board!
#mythoughtsatschool why do year 8's cut eachothers hair. Why are you orange. Why do people 6months older call us kids LOL. K
~ UPDATE: New York sky is sunny * delightful, not at all slightful ~
On that grand day, assassination rumors persisted, and I took my position on a horse behind Mr. Lincoln's carriage during the procession.
Josh, You need to take ananthropology courses on culture.Why would you interfere with a tradition of killing a chicken?
yea got one at 4 and one at 5 till about 630 or 7 you can always double up like you used to old man hahaha
My liddo bro did amazing in his game! :) he sacked the qb, made a touchdown, got good sacks, and gained some yards! :D way to go little man!
Bring Optimism & Inspiration Naturally & Graciously
congrats win well deserved love ya?#Rusherspartyingworldwide ?
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once one grows up.......-Pablo Picasso
Follow & read his new book In the Arms of Nightmares. I am looking forward to it. Follow if you like serial killer genre!
i loved snow crash and diamond age, but cryptonomicon and baroque cycle could both be cut by a half i think
what body part do I have to show for some tickets to tonight's ATDI show?
I really wish I was in Baltimore today. Go Ravens!
Producer/Directors meeting today...There will be gold.
Watching wrestling documentaries with
OMFG?! Really?? Shit, I can't even go, I just need to ride on the airplane's wheels then. Hahaha. LMFAO, not a good idea. -___-
On the other hand, New Found Glory's version of Arrested Development's "Tennessee" is cringe-inducing.
Mid South played it as JYD had lost his sight forever! He even "missed seeing" the birth of his daughter LaToya
lousy. so much time changing, not enough time perfecting
"Do you want to share that with the class?" "No that's why I whispered it."
#PinkTip Revive your brand every few years. Do not get stuck in an outdated time zone.
Rec2Tech. Can we invest in youth & give them workforce skills for our growing innovation sector? Importing talent doesn't help city.
stuntn' in my city ": Going to #WMC? Want to b VIP ? Want to b StuntN? Enter raffle to win VIP tix
Talk about your sexy nightspot. The yelp reviews would be off the chain.
smoothie date with
thanks Priya. Hope we can tempt you with some subtle ombré hilights next time x
can i have a shoutout too? I need to get to 500 followers.
I pretend that I don't care, but it just makes me miss you more.
REMEMBER, THE FIRST WORD IN USA IS "US"!
i love it when im spending time w/ frnds. Lol
skype date with my secret wife
Congratulations to all of the draft eligible guys who are about to become !
#BestTVThemesEver My 3 Sons, WKRP, Three's Company, Battlestar Galactica (newer one), Jeffersons, Sanford & Son, Lavene & Shirley, Love Boat
where is that? Take me there
Grind=Shine.
I'm thrifting in bg today too! Where all are you going?
nothing...finally got back on twitter...forgot the pass.
RT : Platos closet: you cant leave with just one thing
Did you know it was National Happy Hour day? No, we didn't either, but like you needed another excuse to drink 1/2 off Tequila from 4-7pm..
RT : For Oolong junkies, article re my fave tea place in Portland, OR - - tasty high-end tea retail & cafe:...
i hope you feel better soon! i havent been doing much but i had a really busy weekend hbu?
Helen Collins is an inspiration for everyone. Thanks for sharing the news.
I have to say that 's facebook feed may be one of the funniest things i've followed in awhile.
Is funny and hot?
Wow...Westbrook is going at Kobe. He's fearless!
For some reason twitter seems to be giving me troubles today
The Center Street Swing Bridge will be closed to vehicular traffic on Monday March 26, 2012 and Wednesday March 28, 2012
We have PASSOVER SPIRITS coming out of our ears !!!
...if there's a movie based on one of books premiering it should excuse you from having to spend the day writing. => AGREED!
“: I smell a lot of vanilla... Its like I am in a sea of strippers” hahahaha
Join today for free post highlight tapes from YouTube and photos today create your player profile get more exposure for free don't miss out
WHAT A WET & WINDY START TO 2012!!
It opened fridAy duhh
love it!
pretty much an awareness campaign via ads. Just2tough 2track it. Still thnk Facebook ads hav value but tough in Auto industry
#IowaSt They did it!! Congrats on your biggest school win ever!! Best college football game I've seen in awhile :)
Yes! Nice cool clear drive into station this morning and the stars were incredible. :-D
Ok so clearly that apple pie at 2:45am was a horrible idea 😖
this midterm is so easy
yep & feel like there's something caught in throat. can drink & not to big issue tho.
Put a #banana in you #ear Cereal Bowles
Carob chip? Are you trying to buy our love with hippie chocolate?
Kids take note: silence is weakness. Never be afraid to be that one lone voice in the crowd. You'd be suprised how quick people will follow.
thanks my dear friends but you are on the outside looking in......
I traveled 5.5 miles via bike. Feeling pretty damn #accomplished. Yay me ;D
I could never have a gf. Girls and these cutesy voices HAVE to b why woman beating was invented
I am pleased with my level of dirtiness today.
Champions in any field have made a habit of doing what others find boring or uncomfortable. Keep Smiling.
Just let the tears flow! Don't hold back! ;)
& I are so loving to one another.
aww should be fun! yeah this year it was the day before mine haha :) Cant wait! yep, 14, 15 night, 16th and once in oct haha .xx
Anyone have 'stop SOPA' ribbons
Putting pic on my wii
It's bound to be critiqued, but I think she's headed in the right direction. Women can't be blamed for men's crimes.
Can you tell I want to talk to her, please?
#swsea11 Sorry for the delay -- soda, water and anything you guys requested via Twitter is on its way as fast as we can get it there!
Tonight! : Father John Misty
MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND... MAY 27TH!!! BLACK AND WHITE PARTY... AREA 31.
hey : excited to have my #English569 class working on projects for the #DALN... today we'll be skyping with
#playoffhockey and why the fuck is friends on that TV?
Don't people have better things to do with their time? ...There's rock and roll... -my boss.
what's up with the ankles? Glad to help where I can.
what a bunch of idiots! Lol and these people have their own show...SMH
Thank you, happy Monday! All the best- Jake
Charge it to mind not my heart
you get use to it tho. well some ppl do
Keep up the great work in your jiu jitsu! We've added grappling to our Battle of Atlanta 43. See www.Sportjujitsu.org for rul
#nwp this week's #T will be, in part, in-game…
Had a photo shoot today with my nigga !
Had a great meeting with our new national AOSA () liaison, Josh Watt, in Memphis yesterday. Good things coming!
haha we are awesome!
On my way to the city, blastin' my man Hopsin with the windows down. <3
For Pygmalion, #sfeng252, we want to think about Eliza and Henry. What does each value? How does each treat others?
Someone just described a scent as "Pachuli-like" as though I should know what that means. You're strange, #Riverwest, and I love you...
lol okay then good job
looking forward to seeing all our friends at the Villa Rica B2B tomorrow. Check out vrb2b.com for details!
you know what it feels like to be left out too now don't you?
thnks for the follow! Much appreciate if ya want, u can promote?
#iNeverLeave without a comb/pick, phone of course, and at least a little money.
Bakersfield finishes Q3 strong, increasing their lead to 16 (91-75). The Jam are shooting 62.5% from the field after 3 quarters!
Hey, where did you get those clothes? At the toilet store? RT Am I the only one who didn't find the first Anchorman funny??
no problem is too big for God! John 16:33 is a great verse to look up if you have time!
Plz RT : Score face time with L.A. casting director Ty Harmon. When Saturday @ 10 a.m PST. How? Tweet me 4 easy details
neither is mike brown steve blake or ramon sessions. But they sure as hell shut down lawson. Without any problems whatsoever
lol is he in consideration?
Do they think Walmart or iTunes cares or even KNOWS who they are?
Will be keeping eye on Daytona and watching last hour or so of race after conference. Have to keep my rooting interest hidden.
GUEST ANNOUNCEMENT later today!
Obama's remark to Medvedev-best reason for one-term limit.Then any Prez can think about what is best for USA without concern for re-election
Aww, that's an exciting trip! I'm sure he will, too. And the pups will be fine. Human separation anxiety is worse.
Cool. They counted the buzzer bomber. Final was 5-2.
you're more misguided than I thought!
UK's Anthony Davis named national player of the year by Sporting News.
Just finished helping antwonette with some Zumba practice at wow this is hard!!, lol
Good luck to the Hawks and Wings today! May the best team win!
me too *looks around suspiciously*
What happens if neither team can score any runs? Do the #Pirates and #Astros eventually just call it a tie?
Crew wrapping up auditions in Newport. Look for new Around Town episode featuring homegrown talent- channel 411.
only problem is that mattress shopping is so boring and expensive
Hahaha me think you funny.
She made my night
Omg I'm soo annoyed. Thank God I have parents who care about me no matter what. I love you Brian, no matter what. (:
science flew man to the moon religion few men into the worldtrade centre
nevermind not going no extra ticket. oh well, hopefully next time.
chad just took the plastic off your plug! He said it was a condom!
My friend just earned a trip to the Bahamas through beachbody...I want to go to there. :) It's my new goal!!
We will be closed on Monday for Labor Day. We hope you all have a good long weekend and enjoy the end of summer!
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure. - George Edward Woodberry
#coremedia in #sanantonio is the hookup for CD replication, t-shirts & band merch!
Never thought about it before, but *NIX has a command named 'head --help'.
Latest #LowerNorthForkFire: National Weather Service says winds will be calmer but humidities will be higher. Fire estimated 4 square miles
...Pygmy goats are a goat species, not a breed.
RT : The longest conversation my roommate and I have had in the past week was just now over Skype in the same house Lol< gay
“The level of service has been amazing and the quality of our finished product has certainly helped our business "–J.Poole
whatever ! Some of us are beginners B.
ha, we're all immortal sages at 16, eh?
really dont appreciate creepers who pull up along side me when im running. no i dont want to be your friend. no i will not give you my#
:( awh i didnt mean to hurt any feelings now
so, youre back? c:
Think of a name yet?
I'm really only like 3/4 company necessary to combat loneliness, maybe even only 1/2.
Visit today Career Fair - looking for FT #sales reps AND business related summer #internships ($15/hour in San Dimas)
morning Mz E < I say it a lot, but it's true. She is wuts good round here in the FLA. Hope you have a great day Mz E
how about gimp
John Lynch sharing how he tried to impress Seau at a baseball game he player at Oceanside high. First time he pitched 90 mph.
If you say the word gullible really slowly it sounds like you're saying orange.
Undefeated in beer pong tonight
re: #Paul's Boutique sample lawsuit -For fuck sake!
I am curious, what is everyones New Years Resolution for 2012?
RT We've got a great rock trio in Europe (KPB) battling 200+ bands for a tour.They're #1. Your vote helps!...
You just want to keep me from going to Subway for lunch! :)
what's up faker
Your CADDY FROM maines (John) says HI
I can not express in words how much I love Google Chrome. Google, I'm giving you a thumbs up! You can give your browser different skins.WILD
Angelina Jolie Resurfaces Without Makeup in Ecuador - Us Magazine
if you just have a cam its ok
Update on running Mac OSX Lion… Don't use Safari until they update it unless you want it to consume ALL of your RAM!!!
definitely a possibility. will shoot you a text later on tonight!
Peter is living my dream. Have a kid. Get ambered. Wake up and you've got a grown adult kid. No messy diaper days or teens to deal with.
just Introduced myself to your boyfriend haha
what do mean like to?? I do. Period :)
I'm here remotely. I'll be there next year!
68% of American are considered obese.... yikes.
More. New. Followers!! Love you you ALL!!
Klout also believes I am influential about "refrigerator" ...
i have a superpower i have a teenager with a attitude and i am not in jail ..yet
Avery Bradley not on the court, Ray Allen starts the 2nd half.
