o RT : no one cared young one. it was a joke. you must calm your ass all the way down.
It is officially my birthday !
Seconded. I also enjoyed the "President Can't Swim" line. First time I've heard that one. cc
The avengers.... Finally!!!!! Yay!
I'm glad I can do do from a distance. Hahaha.
Listening to preach #WaitingRoom! Great stuff!
yea. listen to mary 3x
Love being able to not have a time savings thing-a-magig lol
Great to see you yesterday.
diet coke = liquid fun
It costs nothing to listen to the show--which is about listening to your own guidance, no need for counselors.
5 AM is a cruel joke on mankind. i'd like my sleep back, thank you....
A perfect Thursday night! Enjoy your evening and have some fun along the way. :-)
RT : RT : Q4) Prepare and outline or template of a solution to a issue. Customize it for employers...
time to get Paid In Full!
Makes two of us. -.-
RT : On the #KipCamp agenda today: Streamlining your digital life (w/). Then meeting with John Glenn.
haha aww. The only way to get better us to keep translating. You'll get there. :). After school I'll probably be working.
i gota question bout this mixtape cover ima inbox you
#BuffettWatch Good news, yes!!! Negativity gets old!!!
Im so irritated me and the I started listening to mindless behavior, they make me feel good.
What a fun show! Thanks for coming!!! I love you guys.
Marc Staal ftmfw last night. Damn and I was asleep.
Don't forget to turn in your Nominations and reservations for the recognition event! Nominations are due in less than a week!
You survived b-day fun at the Nitty Gritty-?! Have fun on break Jess, and please don't spend your b-day spoils at Waffle House :-)
Yuck and thank you. “: Feel like they could play 500 minutes and not score tonight.”
Tryin to keep up with so much going on today. I'm ready to get home and crawl into bed already. Lord give me strength!
LMAO, that's pretty much the best way it could ever go down, *daps*
This damn train ride is killing me
Today Emmet when to big boy day care for the first time. I am a mess.
I totally agree! If he was even as dark as James I would think it was weird. Kendall is a sex god
Can you break that remark down for me, about sexuality meaning nothing to an insecure woman?
this is true, if she's not well I lose every bit of sleep.
How cool is that? Love Reddit.
AH! Just got my bubbi brush and i am so happy i almost cried! I love it! Thanks so much! ^_^
That is also when I started to love them!
#nbafinals sidenote: remember when volkswagen commercials were clever/funky/intelligent/unique?
Dreaming bout tha next step. Not minding wit tha n**** on tha front steps. We out here grindin chasing pay checks.
Happens when I've selected a twttter profile & am trying to reply, RT or DM. Sometimes the icons show up, sometimes not. Y?
Easter Egg Hunt 1pm today at McKee Farms Park in Fitchburg, sponsored by your Fitchburg Lions Club!
thank you all so much for all the support. you all are truly wonderful.
See last tweet - Chicago is booked 🙌😍
All day Baltimore had been burned on 3rd and long.
Everybody follow
RT I think you need to take a shot everytime he goes with "you kiddin' me?"
"New & Improved res system"? It's been offline for a week! Now you want to price gouge me. No thanks, i'll try
Turiaf DRIVES ME NUTS! Im not even basing it off his game/or ablity. Im off him b/c of his braids and his abe lincoln beard.
Thank you for the follow as well. Have a great weekend.
Boxwire will change the way you get feedback from your customers.
ha nope I told him there was a Toyota Yaris that just became available and that the Jeep belonged to a customer so he took the Yaris
alex constancio rocks
I'm partial to books in print too. However, I love learning about all the technology and options that go along with eReading.
"Good morning twitter I'm back in the ATL :-)
": tis a great day for that, gotta lvthis ny weather we having huh!?"lol always great weather when ur a champ
you tell them Ross ;)
A year after my now fully repaired classic Mustang came out of the body shop I find out USAA declared it salvage. USAA sucks!
#truth... and I get to enjoy the look on their face when they think about how to do that... ~grin~
Too much work, too little time!
Usually not the biggest Kane fan, but that breakaway shot was fantastic
Tryn to burn but got no L like the 72' dolphins. Thats that shit i dont like!
Omg just had the biggest EYE GASM!!!!! Transformers was so frickin' Awesome !!!!
that makes two of us
Rick Prelinger - Facebook gets it: our personal histories are as much about what we consume as what we produce
Qr codes are most popular among those with purchasing power
The long journey earns its destination.
lol sounds like u had fun
Meaning these Twitter takedown campaigns often feel more like laser sights than spotlights.
Everyone likes my shirt:D
I think the ability to instantly open up & gut your own work like a fish is useful in the early stages but damaging later
That is a thing of beauty...
I'm considering occupying the "Occupy" movement. By that, I mean, I'll be gainfully employed, shaved, and showered.
Larry H. Miller Hyundai Albuquerque is proud to be participating in the "Making Strides Against Breast Cancer" 5 mile walk on May 1st, 2011.
thanks Kendall!! You make it easy!! Xoxo
Ack, why does this file keep reappearing in my home folder... "C:\nppdf32Log\debuglog.txt"
For those who like me, raise your hand. For those who don't, raise your standards.
I don't wanna talk about it.
Mandy! Nice meeting you at my place today
Craving Frozen yogurt!
Taco Tuesday at tonight. All you can eat taco's for $5.50. Can't beat that!
Real. Talk.
Be sure to watch trombonist on SNL tomorrow might with !!!
Tardy to the party !!!
FOLLOW THE DOVELY LADIES OF THE LETHAL LAMBDA LAMBDA CHAPTER OF ZETA PHI BETA SORORITY, INC!
Rinny looks beat. Unrelated: 27 to 80 is ridiculous
Under no conditions will Repubs raise taxes on wealthy yet willing to increase taxes for middle-income. Any wonder I fed up by this attitude
I agree!! I think its a fake bach party!!
need a follow? hit us up
Becca bailed on the sympathy cleanse and ate a turkey sub in front of me. Exquisite torture. Hope this Brazil nut milk will kill the pain.
2011.10.09 #Brewers 9 #Cardinals 6 #postseason | Game one in the books / Braun, Prince and Yuni go long / Miller Park explodes
I hate politicians. Why is contraception still controversial? Hey GOP-1965 called, it wants its debate back!
I am ready to rock n roll today! Have a great Tuesday! Have a full day planning to hit the eastbay today & tomorrow!
Can a nice glass of wine really make things better?
calling someone a crack whore is far worse than dumbf**k, there's no proof that shes a crack whore, sounds like defamation
So he took his time to draw a dinosaur on the board dude really smh
So I cry at weddings. Don't judge me.
you never fail until you give up
omg..you guys should stick to BBall, you're hatred of hockey is palpable. Obviously kicked in. Puck changes speed
is pulling a 48 so I can be off for Easter.
This just in: ESPN petitioning MLB to end the season tonight so they can award Matt Kemp the triple crown.
No more boot! I'm free!
Haha, good! I was like, "Crap, Caitie's getting all of this. How obnoxious am I?"
I can remember mine like it was yesterday. Oh the fun I had with my Dad.....
lo your a dumb fuck
Yeah dnt get n trouble🍸
I'm tired af.
Aw. Too cute.
I r baboon.
sending jenny tea paola and rachel the picture of my crush and getting back "he's hot" ;) im just that good LMFAO
Oh man. Granted, I paid to see his movie/glorified book commercial, Think Like a Man. Which was illuminating.
Star Shorts
would I be doing to much if I asked for your number
comeing home soon?
office jailbreak - it's friday. It's 5:45pm & it's nice outside
Babe Ruth (September 24th, 1925) was the other Yankee. Giambi's slam gave the Yankees a 13-12 win over the Minnesota Twins.
I live there as well. Read your site all last year and when I saw u lived in tville gave me a good laugh. Small world
#HoodMemories ice cream man took paper foods stamps lol..(if u frm 96th u kno all bout it)
Not yet. You have a day left of youth.
what kind of recipes can you use frozen yogurt for? [all you creative cooks out there!]
Cool! I'll ask around and get back to you. :)
It was existentialism at its finest.
RT : Stop by and see us in the morning at our weekly info meeting. 730 am at 718 E Capitol in #JCMO. Get the facts to be an...
It is with great regret that we exclude others. completely organic, we're so sorry that most didn't make the cut.
i'm anxiously awaiting your return!
Just sent you a DM with the deets. Like I said, Lord help us if it really happens.
oh, yeah. Its just one of those days...
will be coming back in a while
ok good!!
good point, and I think that could play into not wanting to do it. They're going to try to keep Tebow plans under wraps.
Book your party today! Beauty, skin care, mens... Mary Kay has the products you need to look great this Holiday Season
I was looking for a great #golf deal and I found it at A. #Groupon B. Not - LivingSocial C. #Eversave D. C. wins!
Like I said: JB VanHollen Republican AG in Wisc., 2 years: no fraud cases brought
Hey guys, I did get the email, it's just not showing up as an event in my account!
will u do me a favor plz
Topics includes Case studies, utilizing specific software packages, new tools and approaches, etc. Hope that helps.
Enjoying my time to myself
So gave me her free (loyalty bonus) drink. We had 2 cappuccini. Grad school crunch time.
ICONIC BOYS did the best they are awesome
Those were extremely interesting facts! I will die young, but I'm average....
Millionaire Conservatives buy #Wisconsin . Environment destruction & loss of #women's rights to follow.
Hughes and Royce to fight in Brazil....Rumor?
I would. I just forget twitter exists sometimes. Stupid weed
wanna make another porn scene at recess
fewer if you know what you doing...
THERE HAVE TO COME AN OLIVE GARDEN IN NETHERLAND ! SO I CAN EAT IN THE SAME RESTAURANT LIKE
Really digging bounce music right now. Big Freedia!!
True Grit is an amazing film. Jeff Bridges has yet to disappoint as an actor.
Complete idiots!
Hey Tweeps. Good AM to you. Lots to do around #KillaCity. Have fun. Be safe. Feliz Cinco de Mayo.
Thanks! RT : Congrats to everyone that did the heavy lifting to make #thatcampphilly happen. A great two days!
Sean snapped on "Burn"
to or not to profile
I'm in love with him
Still really windy in San Francisco and trees and branches are on roads making it tough to drive!
Ladies and Gentleman. Welcome, to my 1,000 tweet. Hold your applause.
put your #survey ?s in the order that makes sense to the respondent, not to you
Sometimes I really wish I didn't have feelings. SOMETIMES.
First he got sent to war, then he got paralyzed, then he got cancer, then some punks in Albuquerque stole the tires off his truck, dammit.
Finding out you don't got any bacon <<<<
How do bankruptcy lawyers expect to be paid?
just emailed you
I'm glad! And for what it's worth, I really do like what the Bengals have been doing. Really could be a long term upturn.
Kobe didn't score 45 but Lakers did get the win.
An eight letter word with FIVE vowels in it? There is one word which qualifies: queueing.
Thanks Coleman!
following wow? plavaja? i dont even no her lol
every time i play online pool a bunch of foreigners always talk to me. lol
same to you brotha.
I know!ight be in Ohio soon. I'll come through and find you!
Who's creating a Gourmet Marshmallow S'more Pink Ribbon Pops for Boston Bakes? that's who!
OH, Definitely U2. The Joshua Tree can't be beat by any re-make! Have a lovely weekend :)
I'm doing better. And I just saw you, crazy girl!<3
What, you haven't heard the news? Mothra-like creatures really are invading Philadelphia!
follow precision sports !
In RML's Peruvian papers: a prisoner in secret cell of "this Holy Office" had to pay the Inquisition 140 pesos for food & provisions: Nervy!
I miss you! “: Nyc misses you! RT I miss the juice press”
Snow, I love you.<3
Dreamt about you last night 😜
howdy! Great #transmedia panel, but I did wish they talked more nuts and bolts than quirky bits. Esp on scalability, budgets...
I see Brent and I really suck at SCB.
Beauty isn't about having a pretty face , it's about having a pretty mind , a pretty heart , and a pretty soul .
Does smoke from Napa county have terroir?
Hey I love you! Please follow me xoxo
Yea that's been a huge fight on twitter too this week. I have one question with not an answer to gay thing.
who was that?
We LOVE our new song by Check it out in the music library under the Pop section, great for wedding videos!
Happy to be on this list
loving this episode! Great job !
Ikr! « What the faaaaack Greys why wasn't that episode the season finale?! HENRY ♥ #tearjerker»
Garden Cafe in #WoodstockNY RT Looking for #vegan-friendly #HudsonValley restaurants for an upcoming #foodcolumn. Any suggestions?
Nah buddy I'm in FL, let me know when you're around.
Deadlines. Started a paper today, unable to locate relevant sources, realized paper was due Friday Went running.
Happens to us all the time! ;) RT I'm cravin da pink tampico
fuck you #oomf, i might go off tomorrow
": Mixed emotions"
But seriously, where is Gosling?
THAT AWW YEA VIDEO BY WILL MAKE A NUN SHAKE HER ASS
just entered a contest to win a date with justin bieber. mildly concerned about what i'll do if i win.
2 of 6 headline speakers confirmed for #edui 2012. Looking forward to #JQuery with and #LeanUX with More to come!
Thanks. She's amazing, isn't she?
and I'm back, crazy weekend but happy to be back in the NYC. Time to get some z's
Alamerain, one two three.
congrats on the new gig when did you start in Spokane?
Yes, but total #s of accidents have fallen as well.
RT "Dont forget their incorrect weather forecasts and power outages. They must know people in high places."
Mhm! got that right ! Wearing one tomorrow:)
Define "filmmaker". I've been wanting to make a video for your stuff for a while. Totally interested.
going alright! How are you?
good to see you yesterday! Keep jammin' those great ideas!
who r u
BROADWAY BAR !!!!
did you like all of the Extream Rules results? :)
Happy birthday to my lil homie school day party again...?haah
No, no, thank you for the great content!
I know that. Most girls are annoying in real life
Cant wait for Kush Hour Tv to return... Lots of in store for the new season :-D
Haha, She's dong great!
Headed to the northwest side of Dupont Circle sometime soon?
Finally figured out how to transfer iTunes music to an Android phone.
Either you run the day or the day runs you. ~ Jim Rohn”
A final report of the BRDI symposium will be produced by NAS in June. Will promote when it's published
I try my best bud
My #stache does not seem to be doing much for the Not to mention it's not exactly stylish for a dude in his early 30's.
“: Offering someone food and secretly hoping they don't want it.” sorry I'm blowing up ur timeline...(;
Hell yeah! We love Obamacare! Not So Much. #NoGoodlatte doesn't represent us! Go ! and
"If you ain't got no money take your broke ass home..." I let my daughter know, too. (Listening to Lipstick Jungle tracks for motivation...)
I miss you , but that won't change a thing.
my b-day today!...oh&wrk..8L
if we didn't get a conformation email on the #DWR and contest, we're still good, right? submitted three-- no email...
every time a mother works it not just for her but for her child, every time she cooks, every time she prays its for her children
BuddyRoemer will be on the Presidential Primary ballot in GA. Why isn't he in at least one of the Republican debates? bit.ly/vydKzt
I am home!!
#I70 not bad at all so far. In silverthorne now. Would describe eastbound as moderate.
I'm rich, with a 'k'
Long hair don't care but it really be weave.
There RT : If we ain't datin or I don't have a crush on u, don't expect me to text first, I'm just puttin that put their...
Another defining moment
Loved shooting Tad Quill's new comedy, BENT. Amanda Peet & Jeffery Tambor are hilarious!
I don't test or in middle school History class. I use projects and the end result is a test grade, it works great!
Perhaps Joe "Part-time" Sanfelippo should look at and to learn how to do the job he's had for four years.
Had the same cell number forever. I need to keep all my contacts...I must sound like a prick when old friends call to catch up. WHOS THIS???
This New York weather is just a tease for the upcoming Spring season!
Shut upp! Totally worth it! 😏😉😝 RT : 😂RT : Possibility just did the creepiest thing I've ever done...
“: #SomethingiLearnedLongAgo: Trust is like a eraser. It gets smaller and smaller after every mistake.” mind is blown. So true!
I cant expend my 5,000th tweet and the few preceding it on the various atrocities of tonight's show. Can' break'a my stride, Iron Horse
I probably wouldnt murder you if u paid me.... then again... how much u talking?.. get it... talkin? LMAO
i'll show you the east village, happy hour?
Haha. That's pretty funny.
70º on the patio already - perfect day for a post work happy hour! Margaritas poolside just the way to kick off the weekend!
mature and frat dont go in the same sentence. You need a ΓΔΙ
you too!! thanks so much for coming in!
Dirk! and 1
GOOD LUCK ARIANA GOOD LUCK ARIANA GOOD LUCK ARIANA GOOD LUCK ARIANA
I'm obsessed with Jake Toranzo Austin Szymanski.
Mr. Shocket really pisses me off.
i freakin miss u!!!!!! hows class with out me:/?!
Hi Mark - would you be interested in a demo? Would love your feedback on GoingOn. Sounds like you have tremendous expertise.
So disappointed.
all that counts is here and now..
you are so pretty :)
“: Bad People...Do Not Change. Repentant People...Change. #drMM #fb”
You would be pretty if your teeth weren't so jacked up.
As I'm looking 4 info on promoting a novel, I find myself only caring about following smart people with answers, not trolling 4 followers
Wed Trivia: Texas is the only U.S. state that allows residents to do what? Answer at noon.
hahaha. That is quite unfortunate.
#BMF Starts today at Copper Mountain!! In the area, come take our Burtonized PlaySport for a test drive!!
#artsummit just got personal challenge, where is env leadership in my cultural leadership syllabus. Good question!
RT Head of says Brown's bill to make students take SAT/ACT is "overreaching."
Hehehe, it's *quality* not *quantity* ;)
sometimes, i feel like i'm bipolar. i might as well be...my whole mood has changed. #ohwell not like it was any better to begin with anyway.
How has Holtby done historically in the shootout?
It's been a long hard night, I've got ways to go.
Drunk neighbors at it again .
I wish "Frothing Bigots" was just a funny band name idea and not an actual segment of voters steering political discourse.
Edwardian is later. Victorian ended with the Queen's death and Edwardian started with her son.
People just make me wanna smack them across the face >:( #SuperAnnoyed!
I'm fairly sure a pizza w/burger crowns is one more reason for the Middle East to hate us.
My #journalism degree was 110 percent not useless for me either - I landed my job straight out of college!
so jealous. Wish I could've come with you guys.
who wants #BEER?! Tonite is #OKTOBERFEST Beer specials ALLNITE wear a beer logo shirt/hat and get in for FREE! Beerbeerbeer
We are all traveling in this mirage of the world, day after day...not knowing that it is a mirage. -Swami Vivekenanda
1 year Anniversay for PD on April 14. Look for our 2 new "local" flavors and store demos that day!
wat is up people
RT IF WHEN READING THIS IT'S LIKE A SCREAMING VOICE IN YOUR HEAD!!!
Omgosh. Already so many posts to share for #mhblogday. This is going to be a busy day. I like it!
More than any player in my lifetime other than cal ripkin its really hard to envision #PeytonManning in any other colors
By this time next week, you'll STILL be recovering from the HF-Twestival.
#SchoolMemories Everyone joining in when you start singing the questions song c:
Getting help from a good-looking guy! Not complaining:D Lol
Christy Carlson Romano had a successful career.
nope. I wish
Hi, welcome, Happy Friday, we have taken all the chairs in the area, and oh by the way we are here till 0730 hrs.
Everyone say it with me (using your best Austrian accent) GROO-nah velt-LEE-nah! It's almost time for
you already know I ride with the Celtics.
Shopping spree is going on....
My Twitter ain't getting no love :)
are you cereal
#LasVegas Please tell us when and what team was the 1st one to come to each cup race with a prepared backup car?
Awww thanks, Tony!
": Relationships are like sports teams. Without the right chemistry you'll never get a ring"* so well put
Thanks!!! RT : #WOW! 15 years! #CONGRATS! RT Whew! One week of anniversary specials down. One week to go.
Life is beautiful. Every moment remembered. Perfectionist? Cannot succeed without failures! Have a laugh. Good night.
dm me ur number ill call u
I didn't even know it was #NationalGrilledCheeseDay but I had one for lunch too! Mozzarella and turkey. Nom nom nom is right ;)
Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms who produce Baby Ragers.
Watching an injury heal always makes me feel like Wolverine.
So we fuck till we come to conclusions, all the things that we thought we was losin'
yeah and I have to work till 2:30.
Hoping everyone has a beautiful, safe, long weekend! Enjoy!
fuck'n up the wildlife... scouts honor...
got your letter yay!!!! Thanks so much! I'll write you back! XO
that is TOTALLY DISGUSTING!!
At first when I see you cry, it makes me smile.
Got to get te money for summer school ..since financial aid don't want to pay for anything no more
Shabazz Muhammad clearly the MVP-favorite at half. 15 points and 5 rebounds.
But yet you cry when people talk about you...
Thanks for the follow! Happy to share wine love
If anyone thinks beauty pageants aren't the exact same thing as youth sports, they are sadly mistaken.
hootsuite went down for a few minutes too.
haha, no problems at all :D
“: RT : anybody who sees this tweet can you follow and i will mention you to 68,o followers”
If a leper gives you the finger, do you have to give it back?
Thank you to our fantastic #NACUA members for making the 2011 Annual Conference in SF a great success! Already excited for Chicago 2012!
Awesome - congrats! Well deserved!
What is in your opinion the best area to live in the Miami area?
You know why Easter is the worst holiday? Dress-shorts.
aww thanks love!! How are you!
Been busy training, becoming unbeatable. Untouchable really. Anyways, ..... jersday?! Thats so lame
Apparently it's illegal to listen to music through headphones.
Bail bonds and pawn shops: the thriving industries of sketchy Las Vegas.
People at Smyth are impossibly nice...
Bad sinus headache today :( If anyone needs me send me a text. I'll be offline today.
#ThatMomentWhen someone inboxes you just to annoy you
Thanks for the post shares bethcrivello!
I like the random big band and jazz songs that #pandora keeps throwing in my station. Not sure how they got there, but I'll take it!
TIP TO REDUCE WEIGHT: Turn your head to the left and then turn to the right. Repeat exercise when offered something to eat...
maybe,maybe not
Since the power is out I went to Pavillions and bought a Tony's pizza. : /
Thank you and for stopping by my table at the Bremen HS craft show yesterday. I really appreciate it!!
Come follow my personal twitter! See what other things I do beside faithful fish :)
Glad the #Spurs got the W but in all honesty that was a nail biting game in the beginning. O well We Won! #GoSpursGo ~ Nite everyone :)
I somehow managed to take every course this academic year either as credit/no credit. Obviously, thats the in me
torture, as always, as well. Sigh
PO-PO on loiter squad is hilarious
how r things?
MKE's United Performing Arts Fund is the largest single funder to each of its 15 Member Groups. Thanks for supporting the arts!
Fight to the death: Full size Mountain back Gorilla v.s. Full size male African Lion? Who wins?
How can you argue with a $10.95 steak dinner on your Saturday date night!?
Hangin with the Pirtle brothers minus ....
Have you seen the episode of Iconoclasts with her and Tarantino?
Definitely going to be a good night ;)
Jenna bitch!!!!!
so many thoughts here....
Hey Ann Mtg! Tonight at 730 is trivia. Play to win $100 off each of your trivia team's registrations for 2013 Ann Mtg (+CASH BAR YO!)
I love twitter. Its legal stalking♥
Ya dude
What ever happened to equality?
That moment you don't know if you should believe your thoughts or believe him!
#HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork say you need to run to the car to get something and come back an hour later
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your experience and opinions of Nike? Ping back for more info! :-)
It will be a lot of fun. Can only imagine the #craigquotes and #suequotes that will ensue
That ti song love your life go hard b ut wait til I drop that 24 hours a day joint omg lol
Sometimes it be like this
happy birthday, Meanie. Enjoy!! :-D
Yep. Flame Alphabet is indeed more interesting than the GOP debate. Though the prospective future is somewhat less terrifying.
how about "Some Nights"??
Learned vs. taught helplessness. Bad design (& math curriculum) makes people declare themselves hopeless at things.
some men fail to realize when a female truly loves them.and take advantage of em
Actually making a child fat to keep their health and self esteem low, is considered to be
You've got to find some way of saying it without saying it. --Duke Ellington
Al Hirtt , some dixieland, and a marching band of Flaming 'mos :D
I didn't. It took forever to get out of the theate.
I need no negative people or things around me I am happy in my life and that's how I want to be
and I had a great time last night. You guys are great! When's your next show in Boston?
;-) kisses and hugs. Are u over east or still west coast?
Ride or Die, Bonnie n Clyde baby. All Day Urday Urday
Thank you so much!
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me13
I think my liver went on strike. Everyone came back alive... barely.
I'm just to nice of a person.
you really"clown-fearing"I have a daughter like that &she doesn't like mascots,masks
Now that summer is winding down check out some of the galleries that made this one of the best #music summers ever - www.theconcertstage.com
Thx to attendees, volunteers at A Night for Tomorrow, HHC's biggest fundraiser last night! Thx also to , Great night!
#BlessThoseWhoThrewAcross For I fear no evil. Love truth peace freedom and justice. Almighty
And I need to rub out all the notes in the book that SOMEBODY ELSE DID
sounds like you're confused lol
Even in the darkness of the night, my Lord has scattered stars to enlighten my world. How can i be afraid? -EtSk~
What's to all these effn losers though?! #exitstageleft 👈⬅
Stoked!! Seeing Blue October again this Thursday!! Hell yeah! :)
oh i will! I'll hang it on my wall. Hahah
I hate to see (admit to) the tech community undervaluing the energy space. Future energy is so fundamental to economy + security
I punched kevin kinda hard , sorry kevin .
Do you know what it means to miss New Orleans ?..'cause it sure misses you!
me and booboo said we need to try it
RT When I say I was just joking #whatimreallysaying is damn I ain't think you would get mad...
get here before 6pm and get a few things for free!!
The Hawaiian phrase of the day is "Aloha Au Ia 'Oe" and means I love you. Just 1 of the phrases I am learning b4 my trip. See my site.
#RIP Chuck Brown the city goin miss you man long live the father of go~go
Or #insane - lol. You know all about this age group! :-D
lol have you heard those high notes of his? Lol
White people are crazy...
Thanks for following Ben! Looking forward to reading your tweets and connecting.
Thinking about chopping off my mop but idk Ah
Whoever designed those white mostly see thru pants that girls wear is a god in my book
come on bro, you all ready killed the Facebook! Gotta keep up on the PD happenings
I missed the passive aggressive outlet for my anger and frustration, of which Twitter is useful.
Overeem's lawyer is now trying to get a license for the fall. Looking for a shorter suspension than a year. (Sounding awfully guilty)
Getting ready for pre-
Thanks Paul! I'll check out your tips.
hope you choose UK so we can get this 2013 monster class started and have 5 consecutive #1 recruiting classes Banner
Would love to see you THREE very soon... what is going on with game night?
Happy Birthday ! =]
Thanks for a great season, the shot on Virginia, the wins against Duke / UNC, and of course that ACC Championship.
No 1 is going to pick on , do you wonder why?Cause he'll rip them a new 1.More intelligence in his pinky than the rest of the stage.
heck yeah!!!!
it would be nice if u followed me too
if I was a cop you would be in jail.
Vampire Diaries trending worldwide!
yes .. I woked up ugh
What ass is you showing ?
+10 points for the plug!
today is national star wars day MAY THE FORTH BE WITH YOU
dope as fuck so i would really shoot a group of guys up ~
Realizing today that owning a growing business can be very overwhelming at times
I sold out. Today I got an iPhone.
Look at me now!!
"One woman, two men, and a game called Touch Me..." Haha gotta <3 my
well that makes one of us..
kids are making some great presentations on apps & web tools :) yay!
Burnt-food-smell is always the worse thing to get out of the house. And clothes. And the dog.
wishing everyone a wonderful weekend! #TGIF!
DVD cover for Drive
ah, that makes sense. I was wondering how the got all the webpages to stick to the screen - it looks as good as (yellow) paper!
Thank you! RT Thanks for hosting great fundraising event Fri. nigt!
#MegaMillions jackpot rises to $540M, nuts!
pig feet
that's awesome Scott!
Right?? Wouldn't that be awesome!? :(. Miss u
that's not true at all...teams finish last with stud aces...stud qbs dont
my goodness that looks heavenly
back at it homie. Wondering the same w your
Hamilton baseball opening day... Yea man!!
goodluck with the catholic thing! Haha
Wow .. Melanie Amaro w R Kelly... Their performance gave me the chills.. absolutely amazing. Very close finals..
haha I dont think it really does.., I dont know I've never had one removed haha don't worry
Not yet. Busy with Passover prep here :)
WELL I GOT SOMETHING FOR U TO DO
USGA says Blackwolf Run will not play to its max yardage during #USOpenGolf week
Party tomorrow at my friends annies house!(:
Senior pranks are coming does anyone remember the one last year? ya i do
So overwhelmed at work…can I get a clone for a week or two?
Beating your brother in a match of golf>>>> #winning!
This instagram thing reminds me of something that happened way back in the early aughts. Whatchamacallit? Bauble? Michael Buble? ...hm
is doing it right for #MeatlessMonday!
I'm so yolo cause I got ambition cause I get high to balance out my lows
Woke up motivated today! Washed & hand dried the car, starting on my room, & getting to run around with me. #BringItThursday! :D
Noodles & Co. mac 'n cheese for lunch! Yes!
Couple bangers, but not top 5. Shyt!!!! Now you got me playing "Hot In Herre!"
just go drink with them
needs to rejoin the living. All work and no play makes me super boring. :(
I thought they were just trying to optimize traffic light timing
There are some dirty ppl in my world geography class, but then i remember its full of freshman.
it's called Beautiful Things by
Actions speak louder than words. Remember that, Prezzie O.
you're welcome anytime!! :)
Suggestions for a visitor in London, Tuesday evening this week? My only open time - what neighborhood, event, pub? Thanks!
Hahaha and not a moment too soon! Was about to send out the search party
woke up baging B.A.R. u already no boi
Bitches ain't shit and they ain't saying nothing. A hundred mother fuckers cant tell nothing!
And that's worse than perl how? ;)
I think I saw that happen...
I'm excited for the upcoming season. Keep the UA fball tweets coming guys.
New most interesting class: Computers in business. All lecture about hardware, I actually knew more than I thought.
I DM'ed you:)
": F.R.I.E.N.D.S: (F)ight for you. (R)espect you. (I)nvolve you. (E)ncourage you. (N)eed you. (D)eserve you. (S)ave you."
Headed down south tomorrow for some mixing on the new album. Burrito in LA where should we go?
Plenary speaker is the #Bones of architecture. Likes to see a house flayed.
"I have a suggestion for a new name for the developing world. Let's call it the world." Hans Rosling
I'm wide awake! 😳
Happy Birthday
Boy, would I like to take a stab at making a better user experience.
great morning
I hate the fact that most pr releases are file attachments to no-text emails. Bad.
yes! I will happily take care of that problem for you! ;) tummy pretzels
*face palm*
Thanks for the follow! See ya...
Heck yeah!
Unemployment checks pay for beer, wings and child support
Are kettlebells in the gain fitness programming options?
Thankful for the awesome team. They just don't preach teamwork, they mean it! cc:
Just sent my essay off to JEMCS. Fingers crossed!
aw geez I hate typos
No...wait. Wait and see what happens, don't jump back in. Take things slow, sure, and easy. No rebound
If I were Romney, I'd consider #Santorum as VP. Evangelicals and the Tea Partiers would consider voting for a very moderate Romney.
for the better(: u can make a dinosuar(rawr!) happy(;
thats my point exactly. so I don't know why you trying to defend her... Look at what u just said... Its not adding up
yes exactly! I need a new pair of flats!
Strasburg nearly went yard, opp field
Oh my. Now Alex Gonzalez is hurt. The Brewers are cursed.
With Patrick Murphy ... he's an old hat at this, showing me the ropes. Chaplain just passed me a launch mission prayer. Fitting.
The choice is yours
he was like. WTF are you doing here? It's scotch o'clock already?
tell me
Tuesday is Music, Munchies & Margaritas Night. If u can play the guitar, bring it. If all u play is the radio like me, then come enjoy.
We are getting some right now. Through tomorrow. Not happy.
DJ may not play in the masters. See last retweet.
Thanks so much Annie!
Shoutout to for rocking his WT interview!
I miss my boo .
These ribs I'm eating
streams with firefox - having no trouble
Peter: He bought a VW bus & is driving it back to NY. He kinda went AWOL. Me: Sounds fun. Can I do that? Peter: You already did.
nah I never played or know what that is. Lol
That moment when you realize the janitor is hitting on you...and then you look down and realize half your chest is showing. Lovely.
tipped the hawks by 12.....unfortunatly
haha i KNOW you are not talking Ms. President!
I fall asleep to early am now im up :(
My one bestfriend is the one who understands me the most.
Watching a sad movie with the wife. Loud n incredibly close? 911 and a son. Should have kept working.
My theory is that all of Scottish cuisine is based on a dare.
I'm introducing , & to #Kazaxé on Monday!
Hi! I love the loreal one in the blue bottle. It is oil free and very gentle. And, it works!
Greetings, Brick!
Apparently, everyone around me thinks I'm supposed to have something called, "A life." So, I'm going home. So what do I get when I get it?
"got Big Green like the Red Sox"
i didn't know! i like the name of his blog "sokillingman.com" -why didn't i think of that?
Everyone go and follow !!!! She's one of my best friends and I love her SO much! P.S she loves ! ;D
I really like that the first thing I said to this morning was "Wait, what pants?"
praying for your grandma
Yeah I feel you on that one.
Iron Man is a tool, Thor is useless and the rest are kind of boring. Captain America is ok, that's about it.
ha(: welcome if you go on youtube and search pacificrimvideopress you can look at all the videos(:
Time for Avengers viewing #2 ...
I remember 12. Hold on for the ride, it only gets better.
you see Madden signed w wild!? I like it! Good fit IMO!
Listening to Jon Spencer Blues Explosion & getting ready to record.
sure! & your nor bothering me, haha. (:
Goin to be on this account agian but srry not talkin to any of y'all just her to do the usuall(: Also follow my other account
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me. - Kurt Cobain
go to sleep (: LOL
Hot girls and cats?! I think you had the
ah.. Now I'm "clueless"? That's cool...typical loud mouth sox fan...
He look like he sleeping forreal.
it's like over my twitter feed haha
Follow like the rodents that listened to the flute of the Pied Piper down to the pier.
Listening to the worst cover of "Love Shack" ever at Safeway.
oy yey ... we have all thought it - but never said it
Brett Favre retired! Is it really true?!?!?! I sure hope so!!!!
Hey Everyone, DONATE CAN GOODS!!! Where ever you are, there are a bunch of families who need them. God will thank you.
Could always use more followers :)
RT Upcoming shows #AACC: INSIGNIA, & Misha Dacic,'My Afternoons with Margueritte' & much more.
This girl has pink black and green hair. Her boyfriend wears tall tees ... I shall assume they listen to Boosie .
"Tell the story" - Gary Minor
I'm already drinking coffee!
Told her to send me that pic, so I could get a preview....
Wow....Lockhart finally got some, good for her.
i love love LOVE the boyfriend video!!! you keep getting better and better!<333
Hey - how's the karaoke culture in #charmcity?
It's a beautiful day in #SanDiego. What are you doing to enjoy it?
I have so many reasons to let go but I don’t know why I’m still holding on.
Watching NFL this next season isn't going to be the same
Have you checked out our bike paths in BoyleHeights? We are right next to Gold Ln Mariachi Plaza. Stop by our place too!
COME TO AUSTIN NOW
Happy Election year from a friend of Tx for all of your work!
I feel your pain sister and I'm going to shake it off by spastically dancing around the office like Thom.
I ho[p]e this modeling coach likes my photos. -_- *CROSSES FINGERS*
I'm picking you up
nice. I just started feeling 100% today
The promo album we are making for Fictitious is gonna be sweet. Some of the best hip-hop in Seattle right here!
you're probably gonna kill me but I am not coming back this summer. I got an internship! But we should definitely chill in day!
Just got a press release about the next Fashion District event. It's going to be big!!
Carlos Fuentes "I start at 7:30 in the morning and go for five hours. Work for me is a pleasure, both solitary and joyful."
A bit older than that is the classic I Wanna BagIt Up from New Bag City
And that's when the un-following starts ;-)
hello audrina, happy wednesday to you
that made me laugh yesterday when you announced it to the tours. So happy you get to graduate in full garb :D
Thanks for the Retweet Ken. Nothing like sharing some sunshine on a rainy day.
Haha,im going to text you and talk to yo on here,ok?
At 1pm! RT : what time will you start handing out those nifty shirts? 1pm or 5pm? Need to plan my day and it's all...
I am getting on Plenty of Fish, I bet I can find an 18 year old that won't say no on there.
you're having a Justice fashion, starring you
When hitting the gym isn't enough. Reveal's LaserLipo can sculpt your trouble spots in one in-office procedure >>
Ughh how much longer until my friend gets her unlimited texting!?!?! Oh wait! Two more days!
What games today! Looking forward to #Germany vs.
I *NEED* to hear the Glee cover of "Friday."
Über congrats to our intern for being inducted into !!!
it would depend on of it was something I wanted anywa
its MAY today and a while back scooter sed the #BELIEVE tour tickets go on sale in may but what date? #2days #Boyfriendvideo♥
Off to Spokane & then Hawaii starting early2mrw morning.....it's all biz (except Saturday).....just racking up those miles
revo san Diego's artists include Kelli Murray, Sam Larson, Emily Criscuolo and more!
Follow us on twitter
Hurricane Stories class will read Patricia Smith's Blood Dazzler aloud. "I am a man, a stacker of clean paper./Tiny storms inhale my hours."
My brother has got a severe case of hush mouth after the heat win. Lol.
Trey. RT : Ditto. RT : I heart smart people.
OMG...R U GAY....no fences if ur not
I do. #obvi RT Who wants to fly to Denver, FOR FREE! to see STS9 Jan 13-14 at The Fillmore Auditorium?!?!
can you pretty please with sugar in top wish my sissy a happy 11 birthday she would die and go to heaven!!!
Doing some work, drinking some vanilla porter. I wish I was reading a book, but I'll take what I can get.
oh my goodness--so sorry! one of my colleague's name's is jazmyne and i was just talking to her before i tweeted you! :(
▒ Books worth Sharing ▒ CHILDREN ▒ Star Seeker - Jump to Jupiter with US!! via
Exactly! RT : ...just poor clothing choices :)
Not a space dude but watching this space shuttle discovery final flyover is pretty cool wow right over the trees!!!
haha yah , no gurl i just dont like woman beaters but i can forgive him .
hey! Hit me up when you get to Nashville
me too.
#teamfollowback help him out. He only has 18 followers plz
Yesterday's lectures on "Europe in 1491" and "Early European Colonization" are still generating emails from students...so that is good.
: for sure! I've only got it on my phone- #onlineorganizerproblems. What's your next session?
Raging fire in #Elizabeth #NJ #mayorbollwage call #corybooker right now!!!!
“ I need to order new glasses. ” don't be silly, the blinder the women of the world are, the hotter me and look.
Do u like Miami heat or New York Knicks ? please tell me(:
aw you're growing up are you excited?
Yup. Nearly broke my hip just tweeting that.
Need Florida Lottery Number get it on Hottest Gay Places at www.hottestgayplaces.com
Nomar Garciaparra retires per ESPN. I'm gonna miss that toe-tapping, batting-glove-adjusting son of a gun
Awesome time meeting and chatting with last night. SO excited for her to shoot our wedding! :)
I hope we get to live in a world where receiving attention is somehow "work"!
you love the slick back! Its just gonna be a smaller version lol
I wanna go to disneyland!
[insert knicks fan reaction video]
I graduated with a degree in Business in 1969. In 2000 I went back to school and got an IT degree. Take steps to learn and grow to improve U
That's what is for the next day. :)
Additional NEA future top growth rates: interior designers (19%), architects (16%), writers (15%), multi-media artists/animators (14%).
Yep! every 100th follower scores a $5 #Frenchys card! Don't forget to DM your address so we can send it ;)
will u make my lifr dreams come true and follow me and wish me luck in schooll..i get bullied alot :'(
thanks for the shoutout!
The pro-ACA supporters are increasing! (we don't like to wake up as early ;)
If there's one thing I'm gonna have in college, it'll be a mini fridge filled with Vitamin Water.
Tired,sneezing,coughing,sore throat makes you just wanna curl up in bed with a movie and sleep all day!
2 hours then 4 DAY WEEKEND!!!!!!!
You need ASAP tickets.. I got em.
in response to a question says "How many african americans are in Skelos' conference? and how many does he rep in that room?"
Sleep, baby, I want you back! We've always been so good together. Please don't leave me!
Text "VIP" to 414-335-9569 to reserve a private section with bottle service~ make your night exclusive!
It was so good to see you friend!!! Miss you!
I'm gonna fucking kill you if you don't keep hiding from me
- "got hem" is classic baseball. I always prefer the silent 'h' though "got eeeeeem" - you should hear Phil Simms version
“: When someone walks out of your life, let them. They have just made room for someone better to walk in!”
#Embargo never fails on a Friday. Too much fun.
lol it looks cool
trump is only electable in his own mind. he's a joke in every respect.
Thank God for a new Day!
Pat Birt looks like Mr. Potato Head so much.
thanks for the follow. Hope to hear more about your book!
But if i dont have a friend to spazz with i have my Panda and my internet friends/people for that
I hear "Olive Juice" is nice..
Just another part of my "ohmygod I'm almost 20 and have no idea what I want to do with my life" freak out. Starting to freak
“: you better take good care of your eyes cause they're the only balls you got.” I just fell over.
A little surprised Keller didn't see Futty coming for that one..thats EXACTLY what Portland has practiced - and Futty said as much last week
Thank you so much! I'm working on a halloween track right now called Jack-O-Lanterns. Be on the look out for it.
#MostOverratedMusicArtists Mindless Behavior, most of their non-single songs sound the same to me...
wow... love your work. Thanks for the follow and happy running.
Michigan repealed its mandatory 1967 motorcycle helmet law. Bikers 21 years of age and over, no longer have to wear a helmet.
Enjoyed lunch today with coach Katie O'Brien. Great coach with energetic ideas but VB is not my sport.
willing to always help u out...I am truly so blessed. Would next weekend be a good day to book for studio? ") so we can record
I think I'll watch the State of the Union tonight. Maybe Obama will mention kittens and Boehner will lose it again
Yup RT What was the answer? Molitor, Yount, Weeks?
We do! Are you excited for #BOYFRIEND ? #3HOURS :) it'll be midnight here, so ill prob be asleep lol :p
TweetCaster RT : What mobile Twitter App do u use? I use Echofon. Maybe yours is better?
Hey everyone! What did you think of last nights game and
SAME :( RT Dear rain, I love you but please don't destroy my curls today. Love, the girl who never takes an hour on her hair.
Truthiness! Like in Wikipedia . . .
if I come by 5pm can I still get home delivery tonight ? what's the cut-off time for same day delivery ?
hahaha what a bad, definitely should have known that lol
mike n holly. rt @ Eliz_Mcflyer Eliz_McFlyer_Judd who won bachelor pad? michelle and graham or holly and mike? x
Welcome to Twitter!
Well, going back to the tweet that started this, your man Rush made that claim today, 12:15 CDT. That's the tweet you responded to.
forest lake pride!
Some people need for everyone to agree with them. I don't have that virus. You don't agree with me, I'm cool with it. (Dr Gloria)
what a great specialty area! will follow your tweets wtih great interest - what is your experience with e-discovery?
just killed a fly with my cognitive neuroscience book, good to know it's good for something
I bet there are a lot of golfers named Bubba in South Carolina
Mermaid Avenue Volume I couldn't come soon enough for me...
l'amour pur est une drogue
SEE now yu see selena gomez how she really is its ashame for your son to do that stuff huh?well we kno u taught him better!!
3 yrs ago changed my life. Moved to LA to follow my dreams. Can't wait to rock w at the Playboy Mansion 2night!
There is not competition. The team here go follow:
And they should have blonde Tina Fey co-host! Whatshername? Oh yeah, Amy Poehler.
: see queers on the street and know we're all going to the same place (sex worker advocacy fundraiser in Toronto)
Just made a big batch of organic black bean soup for this week!
. Hi there. Sorry about your troubles! When you come to DC where are you staying?
I hate #School it's boring and I don't feel good/:
k. So me and you are gonna have a problem. Im related to the Texas Chainsaw Massacre-ER, remember? Give me hailee back.! :)
I wish Indiana and California weren't so far apart :) I think we'd have fun thrifting and wearing our breast fed babies :)
Whew. We really are word nerds. I love it. Now, back to Christian Gray, that troubled, rich, smooth talker. LOL
Cmon jackrabbits! I went to Northern...but I still know what Gypsy Days is!
THANK YOU FOR PICKING MY NAME IN THE RAFFLE!!!!!! I can't wait to pick my program!!!!
you're very welcome. Thanks for the follow back.
A thorny issue. What do you think?
Happy Mothers day! Without our mothers, who would we be? And where?
Some claim to be your right hand man when in reality they roll like they are bolo, think like they are bolo & talk like they are bolo FK EM
I get a little vanilla/choc swirl, root beer & cake batter yogurts, then add berries, gummy bears & cookie dough!
gorgeous!! Any idea, even tentative, on a wedding date?
GIRL. I saw it ALL today. A man on a bicycle shot a booger out his nose...while biking at full speed. NASTY!
Karaoke at broadway ale in samo...sweet caroline. Check.
You are the 2nd player ever at UK to shoot 47% FG, 46% 3PFG, 82% FT or better in a single season (minimum 100 attempts for each).
peace and love rusher i love BTR
#Offline for a while(:
My beautiful wife will be on today! She is awesome. Watch it and see her live!
Watching the wonderful vegan actor on CSI NY right now.
Brand new pants...ink stained. Let's hope the dry cleaners can work their magic.
Yep, forecast changed. Inland areas are still near 80 and sunny today. Coast is much lower. It happens. Not funny 2 me :oP
Focus on possibilities and connect success with action! www.IamINC.biz
I don't like you -____-
The truth. The only thing that will get done is what we want to do.
One day I'm going to name my son Carl. That way every time he enters a room I can say, "Carl...Good to see you!"
Nope. Already tried. Pretty sure it's impossible. Try to lick your own tummy. Go ahead - I'll wait here...
KATY PERRY ET?! But where's kanyeeee?!
If only I could separate from myself. I need a time out.
goofing off as usual
Great #Switch longboard sesh and now it's time for #TheHungerGames :) HAPPY BIRHTDAY !!!!!
which one do u want my ipod number or my phone number??
what time EST will you be showing the Olympic trials on tv?
Thank you guys #FollowForFollow #FollowMe #LoveMyFollowers soon as Twitter lets me follow you I'll!! Love you!
My great-aunt who lived many years in the Quarter on Burgundy. First taxi ride I ever took alone was to her house for a visit.
Delicious Cheezzy Nachos with sour cream & quacamole and Ice cold Margarita! Now that is satisfaction! Come on in what R U ESPERANDO!?
And sometimes, when you are very lucky, you just choose the best wheat bread the market can offer.
Happy Mothers Day :)
No I get a new one every year
Thankful for poets & writers, actors & musicians, audience & inventors. Grateful for 140 characters!
Dudes tweet to tell ya when they beatin off, now? #pause! RT : be sure to love YOU, cuz I love the shit out of me.
The White Coat Ceremony will be August 6th (Monday) 2012. Let us know if you need info on travel or hotels in the area!
Seen any inspiring UI/UX you can pass along?
Yea I'm single.....so what.
watching recorded #cma a day late... gotta love award shows
Everybody's breaking up!!!!! Shettttt!!
THE BATHROOM!?!?!
Kevin Garnett about to cry and ish...
Oh , I'm so glad I found you
Thanks Ori. Any help spreading the good word is appreciated! (CC: )
I enjoy adult beverages but not everyday of the week. Guh!
I feel unworthy, dude! lol
it is so loud up in here
Seniors Undertreated for Asthma, and Many Skip Inhalers: Study
We welcome the RAIN Cii Corporate Staff and Customers coming from all over the world to New Orleans and !
Why is it that when we "skate on thin ice", we can "get in hot water"?
Not sure which song us worse-Call Me Maybe or Friday
#FF Austin's El Sistema program joins the Twitterverse
Good news: dude in the apartment above me has good taste in music. Bad news: he sucks at playing guitar. Worst news: he has an amp.
Anyone have a reference for what capabilities makes a "platform a platform"? IMHO I think it varies on platform type...
“: #LosLynx got SO much appreciated love today at the Vikings game! Thank you! #powertothefemale” you deserve it!
Triple-Advil #fastpitch softball practice tonight. Ouch!
Hello There? How Do You Do???
& the people in the houses all went to the university, where they were put in boxes & they came out all the same.
Bugger - I've now manager to get my ticket to Eurovision all done and printed, but not Mums! Should be fine! (I hope)
With little to no break-in time and a sting free experience, the Miken Super Soft series is pure comfort! Get yours now!...
I text u a while ago but u never text me back. U too busy. I've been keepin up w ya brotha.
Omg emily !
Thanks for the follow Mary Jean. Gotcha back!
": Alshon Jeffery's big hands and leaping ability looks awfully good for the Rams about now". ... Kalil in the 1st, Floyd 2d
Ugh ever want to pull an all nighter but at like 7. Start t doze off and then u chug some coffee on an empty stomach. Yea not fun
WHAT ARE YOUR PLANS FOR MEMORIAL WEEKEND??
Never realized how curly my natural hair is.
If you're looking for quality TV tonight, check out "Being Elmo" on
Goodnight ya'll
where have you been :')?
i'm still tired.
Perhaps the future Peter saw wasn't because of the fighting universes, but war with the Observers.
I could watch Geno videos all day!!
Thanks ! Appreciate the help
i was rooting for travis porter but whatever.....anyway who the hell was that jamaican dude on stage..lmao
'Where the Wild Things Are' Author Maurice Sendak Dies at 83. Source: ABC NEWS. More on his life and iconic book on World News.
Learning is improvisation off a database of information and facts
JUST HAD AN AWESOME IDEA!! when I get a car, its gonna be red, Im gonna get Mahomie written on it, and imma call it the ACMmobile! <3
Watching Stuart Scott on makes me change the channel as soon as hear him. This guy is brutal.
Thank you for sharing Erin!
Thank you to all the bad asses that made it to the show last night! We <3 you
Make that lemonade Grrrrl!!!!!! Love it!
Watched #TheNotebook last night with a whole new perspective. Now it's just way more sad with way more tears.
I don't think some people realize that
So what is the worst song in the world?
my glasses broke . I need you to do me a HUGE favor
Thought I was getting a break. Nope.Back to more work.
You look lovely! I remember seeing those at Urban some months ago. Nice find.
I can't cheat on Mary Jane like that
Always do right - this will gratify some and astonish the rest. -Mark Twain
so, if that's the reason, why didn't he just say so days ago?
Hope you're having fun, have a great first leg!
I wish I could retweet this haha when do you leave?
The type of woman I am is hard to find
Thanks #Tropicana #AC for sending me a comp room then when I call tell me I don't qualify. Really great marketing technique
Why are there so many songs about rainbows?
Thank you Louisville! The path keeps getting better...
meeting in the lobby, right?
Don't know if anyone saw that, but its about time we turned NJ into Jurassic Park
Thanks for letting us know about that article.
thanks man, we all appreciate the support!!!
U can add me on skype(:
We're not friends; We're not enemies; We're just strangers with some memories.
“: when does the studyin for ethics start?” NEVER MUHAHAHAHA
..show you never ending love
lmfaooooooo fomf... I miss you pal
Interesting! I did not know that xD
Yes we are absolutely open. Follow us at
Yesterday: -17 Today: Not even wearing a jacket. Flagstaff you are a strange place.
5 bucks for an entire pizza? umm.... why the fuck not?
How are you achieving this #JustSayNoToTanLines ? ;)
i'm not over you.
A compliment is a compliment. Take that shit & suck it up nucca.
Tony Romo is trending why, did he throw an INT already,the season havernt even started yet lol
Miyamoto Musashi was apparently the Michael Jordan of samurais. Survived over 60 duels and would sometimes not use his sword!
I can't wait until it get hot !
Today was fun, but i'm tired as fack.
So are we, thanks. MT : Excited 2 announce the Dodge will be returning 2 Newark this year!
right. That's cool though. Which one....
In Turnkey Sports poll, execs asked fave NBA All-Star experience. Hoping to skew results, vote for #client Taco Bell Skills Challenge, all!
My beeper just played "Hey Jude" #fate #lovelife 💗
same to you Mark!
what's the announcement??
Honored to be speaking at Wake Forest University tonight. Looking forward to seeing many Returned Peace Corps Volunteers!
Thanks Gina, a very thoughtful review, continued success to you!
can i slowly make love to you in your sleep. I promise I wont wake you.
Pete reading The Crying of Lot 49 is my Mad Men spoiler of the day.
The Mayweather/Cotto fight is tonight. Cotto is no joke. Gave Pacquiao a run for his money.
FBI all over a house on Raymond. Busted the local crack dealer.
told my ma I was too hungover to go out to lunch with her.. I hope she understands my struggle lol
A friend's status said "muppets make me smile" & I start playing Lily Allen's "Smile" in my head. Damn it brain! Stop making annoying leaps!
May we be what we were gifted by the Holy Spirit to be. And may we, like Simeon, be "righteous and devout." Luke 2:25-28
I like the smiley faces you use btw, haha
Support + Business = Strong Economy Strong Economy + Jobs = Strong Workforce Strong Workforce = Lower Unemployment
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue represent freedom until they are flashing behind you."
I truly appreciate that!
Hope DT ain't read my last tweet tahaha!
Women - more emotional intelligence and men - more stuff intelligence.
girl i know how much you really want somebody, <3
oh, boy. Sounds glorious.
Hey Charlie I was wondering if u had any Time to do a interview to help out my New YouTube Series called In Focus With MJR
It still makes me sad to see paper waning in the world of media. Kind of ironic since I am such a digital media junkie.
Artists - don't forget to bring your art on a flash drive or cd tonight!
We're in a sports bar & sound is only on the Giants game, so we've been making up our own "Reggie Miller commentary". Seems we were spot on.
KTD loves humor: If we ever get tired of KTD as a name for a design studio am thinking DesignKickassery might be nice
New, yes. Dunno about improved. lol Thanks!
RT : . describing her grandfather Jacques' crew: "red watch caps, camera in one hand, bottle of wine in the other"...
Nursing Homes Disaster Plans: Big Gaps Found In Emergency Preparedness Response
#alicebucketlist RT to fulfill the wish of a teen girl with terminal cancer to trend on twitter
My ballsy prediction ... #ChrisDavis will finish with better 2011 #s in an Os uniform than #Reimold, #Pie, #Andino, #Scott and #Wieters ...
Results are normal for me, am I missing something?
Happy mothers day :)
Ima show you show you how much you're understood.
Our thoughts and prayers are with those remembering 9/11 today.
Whoop! Rain at Petco!
Ha, I'm game. Just need to find the rest of our cult members, first.
so I ordered something off your new site but something wasn't a required field that should have been lol
doing good. Thanks
You're obese when you buy a hula hoop and it fits your waist!
TODAY IS THE DAY! The #WSSMiami is going down! See you there!
May is Women's Health Month! Smile ladies! (and don't forget to brush)
Feeling okay today. If I could just find my flash drive, then that would be love
Sometimes people are beautiful, not in looks. Not in what they say, just in what they are.
not yet. Sucks I'm holding off on buying a nw laptop until the new MacBook pro comes out. Should be April or may.
I'm a proud Alabamian tonight. Over the moon, really.
: "I don’t find that too hard to do either. I'm also distracted by guacamole and often do things before you realize" haha
Megan fox is pregnant :( Congrats to her on being a new mommy. But dang I wanted to be with her
It's one thing to not know the answers. But to say "these aren't football questions" and blow it off? That worries me.
Congrats to Geisinger Health System for making the 2011 list of "Most Wired Healthcare Providers."
uhm...do i even know you?
havent been on here in a while
Have love/hate relationship w/ my hometown, but deeply appreciative so many folks hold open doors when I'm on the cane. Thanks,
Can you give me a shout when you are around? . I need a favor. :)
Ang ur zest 4 Life & ur laughter r as big as ur boobs! UR a gr8 add to the show Mob Wives!
have a Happy Thanksgiving!! May God bless you!!
lol ignore my last tweet. Clearly someone hacked me!
Awwe! I'M the blessed one, best friend! You're the best friend I've ever had who's so far, yet whom I feel closest to! #ILOVEU!
Have you released whos getting the may voxbox?
Kind of obvious, no?
Anyone at the bellagio want to start a 25/50 HA with me? There's a game running but 6 on the wait
If he wasn't being totally serious, it would be hilarious. Vote independant non-white guy for Gov!
will keep an eye out for you!
Whats meant to be will find its way :]
ditto!! Hope you have a blast at
One more week till #Cali!! Woot woot! Party with the Keelans. Ya you guessed it: Party->On.
Now following thanks a lot man i hope u subscribe to www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87 and my team are them 2 x champs
RT : That's bcs #AHA and #MLA believe that #altac and ac ppl need to collaborate. Plus, #altac is exc career choice.
working on new charts and arrangements....
It's me.. LadyMacbeth.-writer, main character and part time murderess..
How Come its so easy to get Cody Simpson and Alli Simpson to follow you but its so hard to get to follow you? <3
Please follow me(; 24
I have horrible sleep deprevation. Kill me now🔫
Fuck wit a player tomorrow night I'm trying to go bowling with all my friends
": Sucks.. You showed me how to play the game and I beat you."
Good news: Short Cake baked goods will now be available at Intelligentsia coffee spots in L.A. A buttercup and a latte? I'm in.
call his twin
I enjoyed speaking at Faith Lutheran's Business Advisory Council this morning on "How to Protect your Business in a Litigious Society"...
noo we're all just gonna say what we feel and she is too
Awesome -- will be following closely from DC!
thanks Carol!
"It's so wonderful to be in a room full of great storytellers " via (referring to all the bloggers)
I am proud of you re: amendment pettition in Florida
this is not looking good Packers fans...
#worstbreakupexcuses "my parents are making me break up with you"
Thanks good brother! 06!
my ideal career seems to be: nomadic goat herding in the desert (aka Midian life sans being destroyed by God)
Exceptionalism!! RT : Walker calls previous jobs progress measurement unreliable, even though it's method used by 49 other states.
One week closer
how are things? 'tis been too long ... we should catch up on my next trip to #mke!
in the afternoon? my shift starts at 10:30 -_____-
Happy Valentines day to all! Enjoy the day!
When me & him would fall asleep on the phone >>> (: miss those days . I miss him.
So much to do today
is there a closing date set for ? HELP :-(
30 Minutes to go before my Tournament of Champions begins we are playing for $1k winner take all
I have pudding. Therefore, I feel I can make the claim that in this instant, right now, my life is better than yours.
SO MUCH COKE
Where else can you get apartments with TVs in the living room and the bathroom!?
Planned Foreclosure- A game of delayed pain and legal bills! TAKE A DIFFERENT APPROACH! Mercedes Martin Realty can inform you!
Great interview! Can't wait to see Men in Black
Students having silent discussions on paper used #socmed tools, #hashtags and likes - 21st meets 20th c. for great discussion!
I'll be there at ten. You should bring the Medifast staff out to watch me make cashiers feel uncomfortable.
A baby doll for kids that appears to say "crazy bitch". The story at 10.
haha. It's another world.
No dope. No hope.
& I keep going back.
"I don't even like oil." -Trey Comeaux
Writing my #2012 resolutions and putting them on the wall. This year, I will hit them all!
hahaha. You're just plain awesome. :D
I feel so excited and proud of those who have become a part of the journey. Please be sure to create a profile at www.kissandim.com/register
that was the point (:
and nits are of course at the core of nitty-gritty
OH HO HO! I SEE WHAT YOU DID THERE!
Conflating stylization with sexualization. Most avatars are stylized; sexualization is mostly a component of female avatars though.
Q: How do you know if your boyfriend has a high sperm count? A: You have to chew before you swallow!
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.
if the broncos don't get Peyton what need should they address first?
hey hun, check your DMS from me!! write back please
Sure will! Thank you so much!
#fridayreads I suppose I can count "Mysterious Benedict Society" since my daugher finished it without me. I am technically still reading it.
Not a problem! EROCK
Thanks for the follow Cheryl!
It was a lot of fun, I did both a sports and a news internship with them so I was there about a year!
MMG Untouchable X Rick Ross
yes he is. Allstar wide receiver and future Hall of Famer!
I love Y☺ū so much! Justin bieber!!
I logged when I clicked link I am not sure how to deny app I did not know I was down loading an app?
Yeah, in a non-smart move, I submitted my bracket on Monday. Fortunately, the soc dpt ppl are cool w/ the gamesmanship of it all,
$ 2.00 Draft Beer From 5pm-8pm, Stella, Spotted Cow, Fat Tire, Newcastle, Blue Moon, Riverwest Stein. CHEERS!
I'm going to miss you too! We will do something before I have to go!
doesn't fucking matter I lost him again!!!
Sunburn under the knees may be one of the worst places to have it. Cannot cross my legs or wear pants. Ouch!
Jerry Coleman just read the worst lineup ever.
Watching Texas vs Texas A&M football on ESPN classic. I can't wait for college football to return next year.
Awww i found my signed brittanya poster , ive been looking for it <3
my perfect world: single table. Top 8 MLS cup. Bottom three docked 1, 2, and 3 points to start next season...top 3 to CCL
Oakland ca. How I missed thee
I just saw a guest star on a rerun of "without a trace" on a quaker oat square cereal in the adverts of said episode. Trippy. :)
Hahaha only black tar? kidding
Time to do some
I can't stand silent phone conversations!! What the hell did you call me for if your just going to breath in my ear.
1 month introductory offer works better than other time frames. Gives you more time to convince them to love yoga. Hook them!
I love Joffery! I love the fact that we will probably see him die painfully.
I get that 2! Work stress, lots of stimulation on those poor little eyeballs. Take a break and shut them for a few min.
Hope all my DJ friends have a great set tonight. xo
Dear college students of America: as much as I appreciate the opportunity, I don't have time to conduct your lit review for you.
A twitter after 's heart:
Good day today: finished 2 outlines, a reading response wksheet, started another outline, watched Breaking Dawn again & got my nails done :)
life needs to be a musical
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. - MLK
Google + is amazing!!
#OomfNeedsTo stop tweeting...
Long Term parking is about to get interesting downtown
Nice call blue
then u put my name after the message or ppl r gonna think that it's to me not them n I no moa my phone
"I was one of the children hidden by these lies"
Are fireworks legal inside city limits of #Homewood?
All is well here at the office. Keep us updated on your upcoming events. You guys going to tomorrow?
So I went hang gliding today... what craziness will I get into tomorrow???
Any suggestions for a new Twitter username for me? Not sure if my full name is a good or a bad idea.
pull up to that mikey D's serve a nigga real quick
Ugh - a guy just took 10 minutes to park his Hover Round on the bus! At least I finally found someone worse at parallel parking than me.
I worked 18 hours this week. I love my route. Fuck doing two
because you live in ontario, like a haha
Am I insane going to Fiesta Tx in the 104 heat?!? Yes. a little bit.
Friendly reminder - don't buy any tix for tonight's Counting Crows show over face value ($45), we routinely cancel scalper tix!
#Don'tBeScared To Go Green And Help The Planet. :)
If your #Newyear'sresolution has anything to do with #gettinghealthy #losingweight etc...I can help :) Let's chat about your goals!
not sure about the whole premise of this blog.....but, I do like where your heads are at. Great idea in theory. Keep up t/g/w!
Been listening to this Lecrae Mixtape all day.
#relationships Take a moment and share a kind thought with your partner . . .
if I have the car then no problem
MAKE MONEY ONLINE ptchelpbux.blogspot.com MAKE MONEY ONLINE
I feel like writing some music... Need some inspiration :)
But I'm holding you closer than most, 'cause you are my heaven. ☺
bottom line: cardinals who just WON the world series interviewed sandberg IN PERSON. cubs did not. something wrong there
Where are they playing?
Bitches lol at my auto correct
I hate when that happens. I always get benched for trying to steal and not being fast enough initially.
Thanks for the follow! Happy holidays to you!
May Day is Lei Day in Hawaii :D Happy May Day!!
#PSU interim prez - healing won't begin until all facts r uncovered. Could've been healing for yrs now if people stood up/acted.
Come on, you won't fail until you try!
sure doll! You've got a nice voice keep up the good work!
You can hate me now dumb ass I'll see you in the next life honor thy mother and father and your days will be long upon the earth.
Thank you! I hope the sliver lining is lobster and steak. =)
I hope you and the rest of the guys have a happy new year. P.S. awesome show and music.
let me know! we miss you btw!
Looking forward to our headquarters grand opening Saturday morning at 10:00 4641 Mack Road. Hope to see you there!
It occurs to me that Nietzsche would've been a terrific philosopher for Twitter. He could convey much in 140 characters. So could Seneca.
#Riseandwine Fabulous Friday has arrived! rockin Buffalo tonight!
awesome :) enjoy!
I shoulda picked you up in LA, taken you to Vegas & staged the fight in the MGM Grand. I coulda been the next Don King
I wish you'd follow or rt me... You don't know how much that'd mean to me... But that'll NEVER happen/:
OMG, big big changes again for FB. Was on a webinar today getting the golden nuggets....TIME FOR CHANGE. Are you ready?
