“Your lucky enough to be different, never change”
A fun filled day of hiking in the Redwoods with
I had a great time with my cousins and brother at pinkberry :'] <3 , i love them.
In Ep1, what book was Laura reading that was the basis of a popular TV show & who guest started one of our guests from Ep 3?
Making my last guest appearance tonight from 5-9.
Off the dick chainey at Victory for 1 year anniversary! Tonight. With live Shark!!
Wakin up 2 da bull shit again. Wish I could jus make it go away. But wishing is 4 the disney channel. And this shit is real life.....
Inventory/Labor/Training issues? Let us help you bring more money to your bottom line. Email us today
sorry been way too busy lately. I've called though :)
"A good plan is like a road map: It shows the final destination and usually the best way to get there." -- H. Stanley Judd, Writer
Can't please everybody, so do what makes you happy *shrugs*
You are playing in this monsoon?!?
Cultural anthropology's so much better than when it was all about measuring skulls/anatomy about a century ago, though!
I agree!
The RAP panel is now reviewing application #120002 Community Foundation of St. Joseph County.
Thanks to , I wake up every morning to Matlock and Murder She Wrote....its been like 3 weeks now
See, in Florida we have sunshine AND coffee trucks! lol
I meant a dedicated standalone printer, not a service. Hearing not-so-great things re: delivery times.
Anyone looking for an Awesome Special Effects/Make-up Artist Hit me up Delia will make your TV or Film Project Happen
cool me too :D
As different as they are, the only politician able to sway my vote from Obama isn't a candidate
I hope u mean that and not just getting my hopes high.
Tweet yo FACE SON!!! (New york accent) lol.
Yeah so you're a beaut. And I think you like me but idk if you do. Maybe you should SHOW ME lol
have two WWW.twoshadowsmovie.com we are waiting on hearing from our festival apps and WWW.hakuinoa.com is in production
she needs to do a proactiv commercial
PR tip to startups- journalists want the juicy nuggets your PR firm *doesn't* want you to share.
show me where the ball was ripped from the kid's hands and then I may change my tune.
Happy Early humps! I am always amazed by what u do for us! Twugs n lots of love!
Game two: win!
research survey for public opinion today blah
follow back please?;D
GoodMorning' I'm up early(:
Girls on Facebook..."Getting Starbucks with Kristina!"... 2 minutes later... 121 pictures and 5 videos uploaded!
Hanging in da lobby
Parking your car on the street #SF means finding a spot blocks away only to see a spot in front of your building once you get home.
LOVE IS LIKE A ROLLERCOASTER SMH...
You bet!!
Heard in my family room from "Collinsworth has his big nose so far up Brady's ass, it makes me sick"
You betcha, big fella!
Cause I didn't know but then I totally forgot about that app
I think about it. And then he stops -.- lol
the bigger question is, what happens to all the hotdogs and schmitters that were made for today??
Did you know that we can fully manage your PC's for FREE? doubters BEWARE, believers step forward and save money 512 354-1507
First meeting of the Rutgers Literature and New Media working group yesterday; we have some exciting plans for 2010-11!
just live a little and let go a lot
What's important? "Families value creativity, safe spaces, social experiences, creating memories" FLING: A Museum Research Report
Bad Cats at Crush and Dr Dude at Slabtown are 25 cents a play. In a month Voodoo will make room for a machine that will be 25 cents
AYO man! Been to a couple of your shows and have been talking to your management about playing a show with The Memorials!
Now get some sleep. We need strength to build whatever we will build tomorrow.
Make sure to check out the last 2 days of shows! We're not broadcasting on Friday due to Suffolk's reading day.
Thatsssssss lammmmmmeeee. Just kidding dude. Family First.
Had a blast last night at CGO it was crazy and got an autogragh from Chino and after spent quality time with my ERJ family it was fun!! =D
You did what? Powder in hair dryer? Lol I remember doing that when we were younger. Was she pissed?
Wow! My students loved of and of Reading some really good work.
When you're so pissed you can't even talk.<<<<<<<
thanks for the follow :)
i still didn't get an answer from u
Uh Oh #TUF Live is on..
u should be good to go!
Awww, rats, I missed it -- just now checking my mentions! Thanks for the heads up though! :-)
this weather doesn't know if it wants to rain or not ...
thanks for the story, anyone know where to find images of the murals/graffiti? would love to see them
no thank you.
April is National Child Abuse Awareness Month. What will you do?
Back to work :/ oh well just 4 more hours & I get to see my BF
Super curious about Stanford's new digital series, Stanford Briefs. I've always thought Kindle Singles could be a cool model for scholars.
I don't think juries generally sit on Fridays in Superior Court.
Google wants authors group out of NY library case
Thanks everyone happy new year !
Come down and catch some fun Jazz Rock Fusion Music! The Sal DiFusco Project is playing at the Ryles jazz Club, Cambridge on 2/3/2012!
Are you still needing artwork done?
We play a couple of times per month. Playing tonight at Dan McGuinness in East Memphis - start up at 9:30. Hope to see ya!
it's pouring down outside
I want some twizzlwrs 😃
RWNJ idea of America the Beautiful is America the Completely Paved Over, Fracked and Developed
Thanks. Our website has video of 123GoTV, a PTPA (TM) Seal winner. Sold on web. 20% discount code PTPA thru 12/31 at check out.
I wish my boy was here.
Thank God It's Friday!!!! HAPPY NEW YEAR!!
lmao yea i know thanks for the help(:
concert at Central with tears in my eyes.
Piss off donut
How can anyone honestly root for the Heat?
Isn't life a series of images that change as they repeat themselves? - Andy Warhol
Wednesday. 7:00pm. I'm there!
Luis responds to you personally -- so it's like he's right there with you!
It takes an athlete to dance, but an artist to be a dancer.
If cleaning your own stone do not use products that contain lemon, vinegar or other acids, as these can etch the surface of the stone.
I'm sorry you have to go through this... It's exactly what I had to go through. 58 DAYS!!! :D I hope you feel better!
Hey Jeff, Michael Neuman suggested I reach out to you. Could I get your email address?
I think we're being frozen out of the offices today. My need for hobo gloves has never been greater.
yaaaay can't wait!!
haha, hit me up when u get back into Laredo, and we'll see where we go watch it.
Was gonna go to WOF today but I don't have my tennis shoes ....
Crash Barry speaks at the Brown Bag Lecture Series today at Noon in the Rines! BYOBBL [bring your own brown bag lunch!]
looking forward to meeting you
Please share what gear you have and what your budget was when you started shooting video
Thanks for the follow and congratz on your film!
If I never met you, I wouldn't like you.
no actually lol. Sorry I'm such a loser
we have a youtube vid together but we're not following eachother on twitter?? This is sad
Shoot I got bills ta pay..!!
^es should vocal coaches train smokers...? Are you defeated before you start?
Happy 22nd Bday to my little brother I love you!
That and some pat-a-day eye drops and I hope to survive today.
Did you know we are working with the City of Detroit to help you do biz better? Have ?'s about navigating #BSEED? Contact Biz Advocate...
I have a huge headache.
you forgot the caffeine transition to frozen coffee :) hot-cold-frozen
If we've been broken up for a while and I still cry about it then I really loved you.
Headed to the with pooh and
GenealogyBank.com my new favorite Web site. Doing a how-to video on this for April.
Im up is mike wallace up waitin for a payday?
Thanks for spreading the word! We hope you and can make it! :)
I'm sure he has thicker skin than you...capable of absorbing and recognizing sarcasm. Only thing out of line is your a-hole line.
Thanks very much for the kind words, let me know if you have questions or comments. cc
day three of fun: What's your favorite Labor Day pleasure? cocktail, sleep, fun in the sun, bbq'g, beachin' it or name yours!
Staying the night at your friends before a game and forgetting your jersey <<<<<
QOTD: Adam Argyle. "Life is so boring when you're not rocking out". Trus story kid.
what happened to yo facebook
Fab 5 was tops, the U a close 2nd.
some good questions to discuss.
he stayed Up With me all night and he stayed up with me why i wa doin my hairr ♥
Started a new twitter account for news & info directly related to work: So begins my experiment with SOC micro-reference!
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Rubber Soul
Congrats on the gig!
In da kitchen making my kids some pancakes while dey playing in da backyard
#sschat advice for newbies -> don't be afraid to push the textbook envelope (meaning don't use it unless you have to) -
sadly I knew what you meant
Okay, so I'm gonna control carbs again cuz I needa tone up a bit…1g per body weight and I'm usually around 180lbs…so that's 180g
Whether you think you can, or you think you can't, either way you're right...
Your iPod is awesome. ^-^ And I sent my number in a message. :3
Casting! Do you know anyone in a bad relationship? Is it time for a love intervention? Email your story:
MADRE and are celebrating mothers worldwide. Send us your #wishesformothers via video, photo and comment
Greg Jones is trending from all the MJD owners who's TD he vultured. haha
I'm about to hop onto the webinar - "API trends of 2012" See you there...
SNOW! RT: Winter Storm Watch now.. Could be upgraded to a Winter Storm Warning later today. Perhaps 5"-9" of snow area wide.
THE BEST MAN and A STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE have both extended until late summer!
I am quitting for now. Thank you so much for all your help. One day I will have the Internet!
Most snowflakes have 6 arms... They've never found any 2 alike.
Let me pitch your story to my editor. Thanks for keeping in touch.
I miss Marge
Epic night with epic people!!!
Aww shucks! And when I say shucks, I really mean: fucking bloody hell you dirty whore!
couldn't pull it off yesterday. Had some issues that couldn't be overcome.
. Oh! Greek Islands sound lovely!
You are officially in the imaginary group that is moving to Seattle ASAP. Pack your imaginary bags.
Happy Birthday !!!! have a great day :)
Lonnie G. Johnson invented the Super Soaker water gun- InSpotter app for African Americans
#Cocaine the #worstdrug... I hate watching my friends withdrawl...
Okay am in love with the writer of The King's Speech
New Blog guest post about parterning with us, for #Canvas4ACause this
Which side of the highway is Villa Montecito? Ocean?
so much hub-bub over this "emergency alert" failure. sounds like more government regulation to me! let the free market solve it!
It hasn't really been a dirty game, but there is a lot of hacking and slashing going on behind the play.
Time's up folks! Thanks to all who've submitted! Lots of great stuff!
Let's go Buffalo!!
follow tom on twitter!
He was born o bee somebody .there's nothing thats ever gonna stop him. he lights up the sky like lightning.yes.im tlking bout
: "Going into show business is like trying to make your own hummus. You're going to fail." Today he wins at COBO.
Sleepy Josh is sleepy. I should be exhausted, too, but I feel a little charged up. Hmm...
you get all the fun assignments.
Another DTST (Danny Thomas Spit Take) LOL!
I've loved and I've lost.
Love it when females see me walking up behind them and their man... Quick to grab his hand! LMAO girl, trust me... He ain't my type 😉
wishing you a fun day on one of your fav days of the year!
lol...what gets listed first doesn't mean its true bubba....google. doesn't make those kinds of judgements
When you cook with A HAPPY heart food always tastes BETTER!!!
Would really love this too! :) RT I hope you get to write some juicy Clois scenes.
Shut up!!! That is gorgeous! You look amazing! Don't even tell me your mother made that dress!?
Everyone please follow me if you love Ariana Grande!!!!!! :) i promise to follow back! :)
Taking the kids to the theatre in Lincoln today, can anyone recomend a nice child friendly restaurant?
Loving the weather today.. turned out nice!
I am excited about this journey I'm taking in the apparel industry. My business plan is well thought out and I believe this three year jour…
yeah he's gonna dominant us. He's a monster
because we will hear all about it tomorrow from our teacher. he was mad too.
speak your mind, no matter what people say.
Here Here! God knows Four Roses and Russell's Reserve are much better.
We in here coolin' #WHOOP!
picking up where I left off yesterday: angry hero and surprised heroine, unexpected reunion first-meet scene...anger is good.
It's a date <3
Tune into to CBS 8 @ 5am and go Behinds the Scenes w/"Black Swan Workout"tomorrow morning (1/25)
You should follow back
On the edge of making a bold move, one that will substantially shift the course of my life. Do I dare take the leap of faith?
Oh no, , noo! My (basic) cable is out -- just as I sat down to watch the evening news. Help please? I've been very happy so far
Glad I have a prom date now :) yayy !
I wanna b right where u are..
devils double... Sick movie! Wish I had a double!
Cornelius Pass Roadhouse has availability for an event on Sunday 8.15.10. Contact a Sales Coordinator for more info at 503.693.8452.
mrs beckerink? She was a germ freak lol.
Can't see my tv. owes me.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
with this 4S photo I can so tell how drunk you got!!!
the bow-legged stance + chucks=very nice to look at
Basically what Literatechnia brand is trying to do…
not with them things, make you straight asfuck,
Third priority is public safety. Houston has lowest per capita murder rate in city history.
AVENGERS was a good as movie lol for u fans out there!
Turn the Humans Loose -- Release 10% of the Millions of Humans Locked-Up at Historic-High USA Incarceration Rates since 1776
ooh, I'll have to try that next time. Thanks!
Is it new or a repeat? Lol.
NEW YORK CITY....Join us this Sunday during the NFL Championship games for drink specials & half-priced Wings and Burgers!!
and then you've died...l
Good morning and happy Friday everyone! Let's wake up and smell the coffee!!!
What you listening to today?
I feel like Ariana's my friend, even though she doesn't know I exist.
Is annoyed that she is a woman of color? The dear girl is a hot white woman trapped in a brown gal's body. My sympathies.
And I have your drink ready for you. FY!!!! RT“: I get to wear my grey power suit with tonight #bestideaever”
Oh I know, so excited about coming next week & their recent financing success!
How are you man?
Happy Mothers Day from all of us @ Comfort Inn NorthPortland/Vancouver. www.vancouverwahotel.com
I hope you make it big one day! You'd be great! I would listen to your music all day <3 I love you
Now let's see if I can find this birthday gift.
happy Friday to you!
I am focus, focus and focus~BAMM.
thats my aunt ..
I'm not sure huffpo was ever super legit...
#MostOverratedMusicArtists: Animal Collective
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs dudes to busy thinkin with our dicks instead of our heads..women cuz they think about openin their legs.
Rice University Black Students Association Enters a Float In The 2010 MLK Grande Parade-Houston For More Info Visit www.mlkgrandeparade.org
actually said wasn't his type so her perfume doesn't matter now does it?
you are forgiven. Go and sin no more.
When will you be in NY???
This is the 2nd time this year I've had a drummer quit within 24 hours of a scheduled show! What the fuck is up with drummers?
I am just dumb-founded!! A 19yr old BOY and have 14 children out here, a Steve Harvey Strawberry Letter!! Wow, I can't believe it.....
RT Which habit do you struggle most with? Make a commitment to re-learn it and apply it this upcoming week.
Don't apologize. . . If people want to criticize you for having some harmless fun then they're the ones with the problem.
Next time you're' in Sac we should go to I'm there now :)
I have to say, some of these Idol guys r really good. I hope the girls bring it Wed nite!!
RT : Shovel Racing registration is open until 3pm this afternoon in the Village House & will be open 7am-9am tomorrow......
Looking forward to catching up with the ever genius this week.
Avett Brothers playing at Susquehanna Bank.
Thanks a bunch! Can you believe it's Monday already??
brown-forman.com/careers Corporate Food Services Manager
Was so good seeing my best friend today!!! I'll miss ya girl, can't wait 'til next time!
Happy Mothers Day!
April 2nd. 2 weeks to go. Don't care if due date is 4/17. Want to be done by usual 4/15. Best tax season ever...because I'm living life too!
"The children and the flowers are my sisters and my brothers--their laughter and their lovliness could clear a cloudy day."
Had an Unbelievable experience at Tony Robbins UPW in Orlando.
lol, I live in Richmond
I was always positive until I mate them........
LET'S GO
o ok
def going to see it Sunday
beard, at least?
At 8pm the transition from 215 east & west to I-15 south closes for Warm Springs bridge work. Back open at 5am
FOLLOWED(: “: Follow Back #yee”
be sure to send me a pic my brother...
See...now you're gonna make me have to go back and watch that movie again!
Play a One Direction song please? It'd maked my day.
Surprised I wasn't invited to 's House Party. It's alright... still love you guys! 'cause y'all got nice music... <3
congrats ! I'm sure you'll have a blast.
Looking forward to a fun weekend camping with 15 5th grade Girl Scouts! Hello Oak Springs! (and some mud, too)
if i were the mavs what would i do? id put in brian cardinal and tell him to make the feel the wrath of dallas right now
trynaa stop myself from fallin , or otherwise da ground will be the only thng breakn my fall . .cz he`s not here to catch me :/
follow me? i love you so much!
Who do you buy the biggest gift for?
Omg... Putting my music on shuffle wasn't a good idea. Why do I have so many depressing songs?! 😢
Although UK is in the hunt for 5-6 players, Calipari told Andy Katz earlier this week that the team will sign one more guy.
Thanks for the follow - sent a message for collaboration. Cheers. Feel free to email in response.
Would you eat chicken feet?
Cant wait to explore 1940 Census project when it goes online next month. Should be an amazing resource.
Jerry springer makes everyone's life seem less complicated! 👍
We are offering 20% off prints for APPA AIPP entries printed by Bond and also $100 voucher from Bond for each catergory winner.
That's why im moving to NYC after college.
2nd that. Lets plan it. I'm not going tonight. Just recommended it to a friend who's new in town and wants some wings
Dancing with the Stars (muted) with Kaskade blasting in the background is slightly confusing.
I just want a nice man. He can be sweet. Veggie on the couch. Make me feel like a princess without the glam. To love me.
Little brothers first c-team soccer game today and first jv soccer game today.
We had AMAZING Lobster Bisque soup today!
RT : NT schools reqquire community service & internships, cmmty college credits before graduation
Not a Sox fan really, but am so glad to see the RemDog back in the booth.
Here's to 2012...an American Presidential election year....Hope it lives up to everybody's expectations....
YES! thanks! :]
This Friday 4/20, we'll be releasing our single "Get To Know You" off our EP "Irie Days and Crazy Nights"!
Boys getting mad cos I keep turning them down :)
I have to get me one. RT : can provide new IPads for
Great read in xconomy yesterday - I work for - let me know if we can ever be a resource for you!
Plenty of shirts to fold if you're bored today. Shop is open for usual Thursday hours. 4-7pm. 1726 E North Ave. Side door.
65% of Americans have purchased a product or service thanks to a direct mailing! Are you sending Direct Mail?
I guess you can say that. Lol
Follow my health & fitness blog at it's new address, www.carolinescott.org. Practical tips for a healthy life!
Can you really cheer for UNC? I've never known anyone to like both UNC and Duke.
Letting too many folks use for phone for personal use ftl. I'll take that L lol.
I just take a nap instead of complain :P
Holy Cow!!! clippers!
aww I love all of your keeks,quotes,tweets,and all of your photoshoot that's all amazing<3(: I wish you'd follow me(:
incredible! Congratulations
Appreciate it.
Once again #Knicks arent closing out quarters right
Lol even haters take out time to obsess over Justin :')
Going out for a bachelorette party or just a ladies night? Check out All the Singles Ladies! The new comedy show from the Improv Asylum...
I really want to join 4H :)
Red Eye (2005) Cillian Murphy and Rachel McAdams in a horrible contrived thriller. I didn't care who lived or died and I mostly laughed. 3/9
Praying is talking directly to God
Starting my period in the middle of morning sex used to terrify me, but then I went to college and became thankful for every period, ever.
Can't wait to make a new Video!
It's raining and I'm bored
LMFAOOOO okay i texted both of the numbers just in case yanno.
Awesome write today w/ and it's nice to finaly write something real!!!
My dad just doesn't get me.
Not a good first half for the Jayhawks. Lucky to be down by 9. Going to be tough, but I think they can come back and make it interesting.
thank ya
Amen RT I hate dmv relicensing crap in #kcmo system sucks, when you try to do it right its impossible to have the right paper work
i vote comes to my house tonight so then dosent have to waste gas to see her. win win situation
lmao, my hair was just all over the place today...
We share the same feeling everytime we go back. Very Jealous as Texas is still too HOT
I'm gonna start a revolution from my bed !!!
good ol Ardie. We just had to pick our main people quickly and he was so far ahead. We didn't cover Matthew much at beginning.
yes, absolutely.
Interference w/public transpo steez #rogue u know the rest
Sorry, that's Kevin Ford.
My experience may be diverse but how does that make me "over-qualified"...I refuse 2 dumb-down my resume (despite advice to do so)!
Had a blast today in Kohler with my lil buddy, best friend & his fam. Good day + great people =
Follow Me I Will Follow Back The First 5 People To Follow Will Get A ShoutOut
its a miracle i finally love School lol
Must be how Marilyn Monroe felt.
3 more weeks until I'm back in Law School, wow time flies!
Just going through the motions
DAMMIT I sound like a doctor. Lmfao
You need to believe in your own value because you ARE. Never mind what history or society or mag covers say. You rock!
are focus groups that expensive?
that hashtag was in an effort to get you people started on it.
Happy mother's day to I'm so blessed to have sucha incredible, caring and sacrificial mom:) I love you beanz!
Exercise and Cancer...great article via Dr. Burzynski!
my mans I watched your show for the first time yesterday, and you truly are good peoples.
Im here to make a statement in this AZ hip-hop music shit i will always go harder then the next it's my time I will never stop
your coming here! HELL YEAH
To the world you may be one but to one you might be the world <3
Thanks Lubna! And I hope you are decorating the world with your beautiful jewelry!!!
Whats up! How you been?
Hoop'n all day and night fool
Great addition to the team!!!
I need not your needles They're needless to me For the needing of needles Is needless, you see.
“: No grown as man should ever buy a baby Benz” LMFAO!
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 12
20 DAYS TILL MY BIRTHDAY!
I was staring at Amber Rose...who had a hat on?
“: Mr and mrs smith is actually my movie”like u made it?
Moved into a new apartment and my social media creativity is exploding!
Oh, hello there, artistic rock bottom!
BE WHO VALENTINES ? NOT ME !!!
hello amazing people :)
How was your Valentine's Day? Hopefully filled with love!
Thx for the follow. Congrats on recent "Geek of the Week"!
New benchmark: is your movie, on DVD, good enough for me to stop Tweeting during it. Hey, compete for my attention or don't, media product.
I wish I knew how you really feel now.
Two more days until Christmas.
texture and taste, that it does what I need it to do. Though, I often find the concept of comfort food somewhat paradoxical.
Also: I JUMPED ON A TRAMPOLINE FOR THE FIRST TIME IN //YEARS// AND IT WAS EVEN BETTER THAN I REMEMBERED. BOOM.
Only thing worse than a late #capmetro bus is an early one. This one left 5 mins ahead of advertised schedule.
Very interesting... RT BREAKING: Facebook acquires Instagram, story to follow shortly.
My definition of a great day: Work all day, then play football till dusk in 70-degree weather.
Irritations causes growth and development.
Camps start a week from Monday in Denver, CO. Working at Monarch HS w/boys & girls. Girls coach coaches team USA..Will be fun!
Great, thank you for the support!
Probably because hardly anyone these days watches that series, or hasn't even heard of it.:(
I'm trying hard to think of a word worse than worst.
Thanks for the follow...Hope you enjoy the tweets! Therese'
I guess I just assumed you were preparing for a fight at 205.
I've actually heard that! I might have to drive a little out of the way and try there!
I just found a chain letter from from like 2008. WHOOPS! I guess I was the weakest link. lol
Greetings from the equator! <3
I nominate The Firm as the most convoluted pilot in television history.
MT An impromptu 18 minute intermission had to be called in the middle of the 2nd period
Lucky day! a hoard of your favorite international writers are meetin' and greetin' Hooray for #PENFest12!...
check out is just getting started so over time more and more courses will be added. Book your tee time through this and more !
Oh that's too bad because "Scandal" could easily be called "The Bold and the White House".
no probs, m'lady!
…lost my lizard…
Im told I resemble adam levine all the time & thats fine but its just sad when my parents say "something about you just reminds me of him!"
and just wrote a song together lastnight. You KNOW Thats gonna be a hit :D
uhmm, since now! Extended family included! W00000!
o ok I was walking around sad cause I didn see my lil sis there
#FF , a B accredited business with an A+ rating!
Watchin ...while eating lucky charms....ahaha(:
I got 4 pair of them I don't like them that much
How many flips have you ever done in a row?
Today's achievemments: two pot pies and split pea soup in the freezer, one clean bathroom, laundry. Grad school starts tomorrow!
. would B proud of the salad made with his balsamic, salt, pumpkin seed oil, artichoke hearts amongst greens
Um why is this stop light taking life
I don't want to put u on the spot, you have my addy just tweet me if you are ever interested, I'm in PST zone.
DYK? World-renowned poet, writer, activist, and educator Nikki Giovanni is a member of Delta Sigma Theta ..
My alarm is set every hour to "Get up and LUNGE!!"
I'll listen to them later,<3
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives. It strengthens understandings!
Though Mercedes better TEAR IT UP!
Just been told what happens at Taiga 7 stays at Taiga 7. Guess I won't be tweeting much today.
Fucking thing SUCKS
1856-I like yuur smile!!(: Ill ship you with Zayn.
a lot of those drop-off followers were fake spam accounts. You don't want them anyway! ; )
We welcome University of Kansas Medical Center as the newest Ares subscriber!
Guess I will be hitting the road...#ChristieOhh!
Show went good! Regardless the slight technical difficulties. Thanks for people who actually got down! \m/
nascar is in 13 days, can't freaking wait im so pump up for race season to start go kevin harvick
Really? No Wikipedia page for the earthquake yet? Isn't that what you're supposed to do after checking Twitter?
#schoolmemories pump up the ham ! ;)
yea but I heard the letting us in around 11-12
Thanks so much, DJ!
NF .FOllow back :)
RT RT THIS if you already VOTED today!
Honestly EVERYTIME JR Smith shoots its a miss.
it's that damned "spread your 'wings' and let me come inside" line that makes it drunken leery junk. Rod's "Tonight's the Night"
get better soon.
RT <-----follow THEM NOW; They will follow you back! #TeamFollowBack all day!”
@ pasadena hilton valuable training motivated speakers!
EXCELLENT LiLo HERE I COME
Got my los gorditos burrito gotta go catch this lala game and chill out. If the lakers get this one we gettin druuunkk.
Cant wait til tomaro its gone b fun watch
I better have more open mods next year
What a great week. Big announcement and club mtg yesterday. Training camp this weekend. #NHL12 tourney Monday. Game Tuesday.
no... I know, I know, I'm missing out!
id rather have compassion then love there both very different. Especially with .. Wisdom money power & respect
or just till 3.. then party
Got those mint girl scout cookies for St. Patty's Day.
In a house w/ hot chicks who r older 20s & flight attendants ;)
Goodnight y'all i love all ma followers MWAH.
Refreshed after a day of running by the river, hitting the Russian/Turkish Baths for some detox and Ethiopian food to round out the evening
I guess the question is, if you were 9 months old, would you want to see Jandek perform?
Where are your kind of designers in the Seattle market? Have not found one YET.
Happy Thanksgiving! Big thank you to the awesome people in my life...:)
Special thanks to and for making 's 1st BOW open-call such a success!!
Are having another meeting today this could be it!!!
Nothing to lose
Haha! Thank you!
I've sold, bartered, and given away 85% of my material possessions over the last few weeks.
Other than that, staying busy!
Definitely don't want to discredit what City did, bc it was amazing. Just interesting they found out ab Bolton at the end.
Final mixing today of Senensy-Perla-Riley project. Clips forthcoming. I love Christian McBride! This is a man who's living a full life.
just cuz I said don't mean that I meant it...people say crazy things
sounds good! What time do you guys think you will be done.
Lit a candle.
Congrats on topping the 100k mark!!!! Go Big Blue!!!!
I will let management know, thank you
Hi!! Thank you for following me!!!
Have a Good Night Everyone! Be Blessed!
Helloo again Monday
Not a better 400th tweet around! RT : I could read through web for hours. Content is King and you all do it well.
damn they a choking
She's not down with morning sex? Not cool.
Success- Trey & Drake💜 I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful- and I am JUST THAT!!!!💗
Chasing them is probably what's making her skinny.
#firstdayofsummer Really? Not in FL. Its been summer since March!
#TeamBoB.. what's this on my PANTS, PANTS, PANTS!
I think that its great when 1beautiful woman can compliment another beautiful woman without feeling it takes away from her beauty
Excellent news!!
Very inspired by Missa Eaton aka & eager to support !!!
such good memories! Thank you! I'm all nostalgic and missing you like crazy!!! Ireland has never been the same without you <3 xx
I think imma make a cheesecake tomorrow.. My mama BBQ'n so I gotta make something
WHOM EVER SHALL FOWLLOW SHALL BURN IN HELL AND GET RAPED BY 11 MIDGETS
Helen Thomas.... would you like the Jews to go to the Fema camps?
Is there still value in adopting a technology that will be obsolete by the time you figure it out?
..how do you call someone and put them on hold for 8 whole minutes????...
We're glad to have you on the team! :-)
Truffle popcorn, fluffy blanket and good movie, perfect for the a Saturday night when it is raining!
travel writer is hosting the #VisitBelize live chat on 12/2 at 3PM EST. Learn more about #Belize and win prizes!
HEY THERE MY FELLOW ALIEN! TODAY IS MY BIG SIS BDAY! maybe u cud make her day happier & follow her on here!;)
“: When we have God's love in us, we can give it away. We can choose to love others as He has loved us!”
is so underrated. I love these guys.
yes #thursdaynighthoopla is going extremely well.
it's the other way around
.: Next month, America will have highest corp tax rate in world. We must have comprehensive tax reform - lower rates & broaden base
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
u look like u bored
Tomorrow I will be grilling and drinking a whiskey on the deck. Apparently, I will be celebrating Father's Day.
Fantastic! =) RT : Had the best time at Mix on Sat night! The place was hoppin'! Good music and a huge crowd.
I guess the rickety places are the ones to be most careful in?
just offered..."create better children for our country", I would argue that the system we created gets in the way of that.
new bio though! LOLL girl you cray, but I love it :]
Leslie Knope gets victory waffles. when we going to get some victory waffles?
• If I see any posted I'll let Uknow. These are from this spring training. (harvested from a website not my own unfortunately)
i'm starving. and im tempted to eat this whole bad of cheese balls.
my husband bought this "gets rid of all odors" laundry detergent. now my baby smells like a washeteria.
RT : Better teachers tend to ask fewer questions with only 1 right answer. Their students are doing most of the asking
what do you think is the criminal justice system's biggest flaw?
On my way back home..
You have Magic Legs?!? :)
Everyone who is freaking out about this storm has not lived here very long
Me either
Thanks for the follow, Charles. Hope you're having a great weekend!
I really can't believe I didn't love country before. It's like oldies... but more down to earth and modern!
#ChuckNorris can unscramble an egg.
Ugh frizzy hair is not fun :/
Jury recommends the death penalty in the Michael King trial. King was convicted of murdering Denise Amber Lee of North Port.
Tarsem Singh's THE FALL is on Instant!
Less than one week left to take advantage of our August specials! Head-to-Toe for $60 & 3 Arasys sessions for $450! Call us @ 617-227-5499!
Date night!! :) then maybe a drink
I hope it stop raining I gotta walk home :/
Heading to the Lone Star Vegetarian Cook-Off kick-off to meet our competitors & psych them out! :)
thanks so much Clive, so glad to hear you like it! :)
I have you as my wallpaper. Muah sho hot!.
I think there's something on your face... Wait, nevermind. It's just your hotness.
Woke up to an ops channel that's been lit up all night. Oh dear.
DeadPro needs more fans, tell your friends about DeadPro.
Dean Smith UPCC/MUSE use what we learned on journals to sell e-books to libraries.
it might be earlier if we get out early!! :)
"Be excellent to each other." - Bill and Ted (20th century philosophers)
Free coffee = great start to my Friday
I'm at a fucking baseball game and I'll cuss if I want to (not without getting scowled at by you and your children).
so sick. Bleh. I wanna puke. Bleh!!!
I want to get a Peace sign tattoo. Should I?
I've been called an apostate--does that count?
wow - quick response with a perfect, easy solution! Thanks, SimpleNote!
doesn't realize that just by tweeting "I Love You" can make everyone fall in love with him all over again.:)
Looking for single or double person acoustic acts please tweet at me if interested
yeah I'm afraid it's going to be a long hot summer I can't take the heat anymore! Night Beth!
What's your favorite Valentine's song, listeners? Can we play it for you today?
yeah I know, with shumpert out , theres no one that can guard him. Shumpert is a beast defender
My friends and I sing and make beats through out the whole school.
Delirious was way better/funnier imo
I can’t sand when people leave messages and they’re like “hi, it’s me…” Yeah, I know it’s you. That’s why I didn’t pick up
Writing a new webseries...or maybe it's a TV series. We shall see!
Two sweet lower-level tix to Civil War football game. Current bid: $200. Bid now: 503-517-6123 and help kids
lol thank ya thank ya
Wish I was going. Have fun! Glad you're tweeting again haha
yeah that dudes one of a kind
How's everything going on the west coast? #DC misses you!
Sorry, me fell asleep :P
Still watching Alias on TV. Season 3.
BULLSHIT!!..U JUST LOST YOUR FUNKK POINTS..WHAT PLANET OR LAND MASS YOUR EYES LOOKIN AT?? BURN BABY BURN...REALITY CHECK'D.
I got this!
The fact that my computer autocorrects "whatevs" to "wharves" continues to make me laugh.
You have to start getting you outfit together, i have the bottom half figured out, i just have to figure out what shirt i want
Learning how the crowd-funded nearly $140K in a month at the #SIC2011. Inspiring!
You got it, buddy. No problem at all.
The point is you don't know who a key player could be, that's how you find diamonds in the rough.
Tonight! Watch the premier of "Nepal's Stolen Children," airing on the West Coast at 8pm! Tweet #endslavery while you watch!
Very nice! I think I've seen those glasses somewhere recently - yummy colors. Cute map, too
I LOVE THIS DRESS
Just Made my organic pink grapefruit scrub and a new one...organic dark coffee sugar scrub. I can't stop sniffing it ! Love it!
lmao!!!! You BETTA prepare! I have no idea though. You know what's up in this city!
Thank you. 😊
I love getting woken up at 3 in the morning
Holly Pyne Connor brings art to Newark Museum
She said see ya later boy
Mom's head is as big as a dinner platter.
thank you! Thanks for the mention and spread the word! ;)
It sucks that Shakespeare changed gnomeo & Juliette when he wrote it, gnomes are bad ass
what about it?
Loved the article on Le Bernardin in Saveur Number 144. Brought back memories of a wonderful dinner there several years ago. Must go back!
HOLY FUCK IM FINALLY GONNA GET A PERKS TRAILER!!!! AH!!! #PerksOfBeingAWallflower <3333
I actually can't write anything coherent with pen / paper anymore. My thinking / writing shaped (for the better, I'd say) by technology.
- I know! The baseball gods are not on our side this week. The Sounds were out of town too!
Boehner is dishonest: raising debt ceiling is not a blank check.
New day, new dream.
OBSESSING over Game Of Thrones (HBO series AND books).... can't wait for the new season to begin!
Are Page Insights busted or something? I have 30 "Likes" and now I want my data dangit!
Another sign reads "A gun and badge does not justify murder."
most certainly almost any day. Please call 773 324 8695. Also consider residence course May 25-28 for refresher and deep rest
Its here! The Galaxy S 2....Come check it out
The king of the retweet
love ADAVIS but really top pick cant do a move over another 7 ft player , l perkins not giving any rebs, d jordan jumps high also, d howard
best episode ever!!
is curious about why Denver Public Schools thinks that a bus stop used by 2 kids is “unused.”
Go for it!
.... shit .... sorry!!! haha, i guess i just associate it with Joe now!! bad sleezy, sowie!
Part of this process is also accepting my body for what it is. My thighs will always be thick. Can't do shit about genetics.
It's so hot today, wish I had a pool in my backyard.
don't you mean Happy Saintsgiving!?
We will send our hungry thirsty costumers your way!
RT I'm excited to go to Nashville for my video shoot.......
Luck: What it Means and Why it Matters by Ed Smith: Adrian Michaels gets lucky with a new book by ex-cricketer E..
YES! RT : Should I join the legions of Instagramers?
I was nervous to talk to u today
My ankle is swollen. #TF ? This is fun..
love u
thats wat that is then pimp. Shit I'm high than a bitch right now
My company ordered a new computer from Amazon but received a box of Elmo books instead. Some kid is getting quite the birthday surprise.
Feeling sassy.
But everytime the character was supposed to swear in french I just wanted to shout SACRE BLEU!!
all my machines are
Remembering the emotional trauma older siblings have caused.....No wonder i'm so fucked up!
(This ones for #dad) Am I watching the #datona500 or Manitowoc Rd trying to back the #boat into the #driveway??
No Doubt's "Don't Speak" is on in my office. Scary to know that one of my co-workers wasn't even born when it came out. I feel old.
I can't believe that didn't work
In some areas & varying bandwidth, not in exhibit hall. RT : Does anyone know if there's free wifi at the #MLAnet12?
I see you, Ashley!
happy birthday hun!!!! Today is your day! May it be SO blessed! Luv ya!
Survivor series tonight. What's everyone's predictions?
Coffey almost collided with the grounds crew as he ran to the mound. Let's hope his pitches are better timed. Go #Dodgers!
Poised Creation strives to keep artists in their most authentic mindset!
It's just the way I am...
First time on twitter
Two very classy & professional #NFL press conferences in the same week, Peyton Manning & Humble superstars.
#1 What tasks will I have to perform? (Ask the program sponsor to list every step of the job.)
#NGL i love my name :D
Unintentional. Andrew set it up, planning to add peeps once he got the full list. I'll add you now!
"If you want to be loved, be lovable." - Ovid
go to the kitchen.... And then make me a sandwich ;)
We're proud to be Milwaukee's Number 1 nightlife source!
Crazy thing is I be soo serious. No laughing involved!
Planning A Birthday Party ? We have Packages for you we will book the venue of your Choice. Hot DJ's platinumcce.com info 678-431-2272
I know we might see each other!:)xx
Just got a "wiff" of Raspberry Vodka, reminds me of 10th grade. lol
simply eloquent.
should have found a closer law school.
RT : 1 time I fed a rat to my pet snake, but the rat was huge & ended up killing my snake....it was " a reptile dysfunction"
Congrats to Kona pond skim winner! Snowboarding James Bond who proposed! Great story.
Huntsman talking about simplifying tax code sounds a lot like 's Path to Prosperity. I could get behind that.
cold coffee, disparate thoughts and a convoluted planning process still
I really have to say that your lack of open mindedness and quick judgment is deeply disappointing
who stole your phone
Sorry just did :)
why you still up at 5 am?
Miami heat baby!!:) Jo-nathan
So true, they know jack shit. Inda comics Loki is not cute and misunderstood. He's an asshole of epic proportions who's jelly
Jesus Wept
Excited to be celebrating Jennifer Abernathy's Book launch
why is amber rose on masters of the mix?
me too! Social media is kicking my behind. You should contact them.
I wonder if #TopGear will come to #Austin when the Formula 1 track is finished........?
I promise to teach something brilliant today...
yessir give me the details.
Just saw a guy with a long fur coat on. The 1910's called -- they're looking for their coat.
Watching Awake with Viggle Thu | 10PM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Keep doing what you're doing, Alexis. The world (and maybe even ) is listening. And yes, there is a God in heaven!
The more love you give, the more love you produce and experience within yourself.
Dante breaks down the lighting for Cora in the infirmary. The lighting was suggested by the gaffer - Wedge Light aka Book Light
Just gettin up
the feeling is mutual. ;)
If we use adrenaline purposefully instead of wasting it, then it can be available for the real urgent situations.
Dr. James Duderstadt highlights a few key points of the SOTU address focused on education, innovation and economic prosperity.
I'm So AWESOME
Fall back hoe
me too.. I need a vacation (in my Jeezy voice) lol
Hell no I don't
Arrived to a doctor's appt. an hour early... Muzack is playing. Really?! Thank goodess for the iPod!
Prepare for lift off
follow her
If the lottery makes billions of dollars and is supposed to be used to fund schools why are programs constantly being cut...?
I love you do much. It would make my life if you followed me!!<3
Sickest mash-up dj out there!
hopefully i see you in cincinnati soon. it will sell out in seconds
we are going to Hawaii for a week. Been saving for 2 years. When I get back we should get some drinks again.
so... my bestfriend just completely fell off the face of the earth..
what songs do you have? :)
I love Chad. I love him.
in IU's 02' NC game run UNCW upset USC to play IU in second round with the overall #1 to follow...
I think you know!
Don't wait until you're standing under the mistletoe... CHOOSE TO SMOOCH!!!
Looking forward to the issues forum in Lawrence tonight at the Sterrett Center. 7pm - 9pm
It has to be a good day. Today's Dr. Seuss's birthday!
EVEN THO U WILL NEVER C THIS TWEET OR WILL NEVER FPLLOW ME I WANT TO TELL U THANKS FOR BEING U AND ALL THAT U DO FOR THE WORLD
Tonight on Outreach on 1310 WIBA AM, my guest will be Leonard Pitts, columnist for the Miami Herald.
I live in the city but I feel like I'v seen u before
Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation; the other eight are unimportant.
You don’t forget the face of the person who was your last hope.
Wall-E = cutest movie ever.
Happy turkey day! See everyone for tomorrow's sale!
happy tuesday everyone!!! its a good day for shoppin!!!
Got #minxonmytoes and its
Royals win!!!
Looking forward to the wknd:) gonna be
Wow - Season Finale of was so good!
Bored anyone on
Hey haters! Just fyi, Pacquiao isn't the top pound for pound fighter anymore. I think you know who it is huh?
nah I'm not apart of the tattoo portion of this agreement
RT : Boehringer Ingelheim to live tweet their annual press conference, 21st April 2009. All updates to be tagged
Brian you're so cute.
Life will throw curve balls at you! Catch it and make the best of it
I'm just that much of a flirt
Walking around toys-r-us. What happened to legos and nerf guns? All I see are iPads. There is no such thing as a childhood anymore
I JUST WANNA MAKE YOU SWEET
Very excited for you. Can't wait to see what comes next.
That's great! RT : you're tacky and I hate you
There's no better time to sit next to a paper shredder than right before an office move, assuming you're creatively inspired by rage.
welcome to Jacksonville, the city of two Navy bases!
Great presentation by Jillian and Robin Benoit last night in #Utah. Thank you for sharing your story and changing lives for families here!
The fact that I have a piggy bank just for I WILL meet you barbz. If its the last thing I do.
Don't know summer plans yet. But I hope to make several long weekend trips. It would be fun to meet you.
is definatly one of my favorite artist. No he is my favorite artist.
Memorizing lines for 3 projects right now... pretty kah-razy, yet fun...
got a great fam! Keep up all the hard work man. Everyone is proud.
In that case, sit back, relax, and enjoy! Sounds like it'll be a good one!
Music is my life. Cant live without it :3
Pass pages, the "ragged glory" playlist that is the heart and soul of SPARKS, and homemade Purplesaurus Rex. Today, we work!
": Monkeys Honor Roll! Monkeys Honor Roll!" I laugh every time.
When you hear that, "we are all connected", I know what this means for me, but what does this mean for you?
Couldn't agree more. Why must we continue parsing this simple distinction?
Thank you, my friend!
Houston's Best Female Entertainment......STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT....Be BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,and SEXY!!!!
out running on this cold morning hope everybody has a bless morning
awesome to meet you too! Keep reaching for your dreams...
Lincoln: "In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free . . We shall nobly save or meanly lose the last, best hope of earth.
Music is so gross nowadays, what kind of trash is all this! Who is allowing all this shit to be on the radio!!!
Theresa Zimmerman won the drawing she signed up for before the USF game. Visit the pregame tent. You could be our next winner!
I want to call in my vote for American Idol, but Paul McCartney has all the lines tied up voting for Heejun.
Love The Interview!! Made My Life! [:
woo! Congratulations on not exploding anything!
enjoy your #new #ipad. We invite you to discover a new digital art publication Available for a FREE download!
i have no idea why she was laughing i read about that and i was like what the fuck?
Atlanta Braves, Great Role Models? Also reminds me of some blind umpire jokes...
like the iphone add to Real Estate 2.0 map-was hoping to see virtual tour and mkt platform-submitted TB thx
No, popcorn is not a vegetable
Lose the freak show Artest, crybaby Bynum, & find some good role players...BTW, most 12 yr olds have more toughness than Pau
you can hate all you want but after you have surgery and you can't put your own shoes on or off or god forbid tie a pair you' ...
why is everyone saying 58 million. what is this
ok ima text u then matter fact dm me
I had to couch surf at the final four. It was a great experience.
Thank u to all my new followers! I can't follow u back until I reach 1,000 followers but know that I want to...and hopefully can soon.
- I just caught the garter@ a wedding last week... Coincidence??? I think not - 9 month romance?
To not KNOW, is to be in active participant in Turkey's demonic scheme of the extinction of Armenia. KNOW HISTORY.
Done with all of my exams! Now to pack up my pigsty of a room before 1.
my favorite track from #STWOF has got to be "die for you"
You most likely have them but you don't have to get them removed if you don't want to.
Looking forward to NBA veteran and New Jersey Nets head coach Avery Johnson talking to our students at Iroquois tomorrow.
Emerging artists, take note! : "Live out of your imagination, not your history." - Stephen Covey
The boy and I just started reading it (on our Kindles, too)!
Excited to see you guys for the first time in Milwaukee tomorrow. Will be a great way to forget my college finals!
Just left school
It's a beautiful day for baseball. Let's go
anyone else about to watch our friends on Jay Leno in a few?
Well that was a GREAT party. Saturday well spent. I just wish a few things had been different.
GOP pundent Sarah Janicek is known for her blunt talk, but her comments on about MN party's money woes were brutally honest.
Hoping my waxed back can survive spring break 2012
I can pre-schedule my birthday and Christmas cards in advance with
Libertarians don't care about liberty. They just want to make sure someone else doesn't get more than they do. Narcissism/greed. IMO
*Plugs ears* "LA LA LA DADAADADA"
Downloading NBA 2K12 for iPhone.......
My mom was a teen mom and a single mom. she never gave up. Gonna try and rewrite
Sounds interesting... Is "fat jar" a combination of jar as in Java .jar and fat as in "fat binary"? I could get behind that.
Here goes, even though my head is telling me no.
text me when and where ,(:
Today I will watch as much as my heart desires
Lines out the doors at the little flower shops!! How cute and sweet!!!! Happy Valentines Day :)
The only thing I put before me is do, re.
& it's officially over. Goodbye Latin Academy...wouldn't have wanted to end it with any other class.
I'm back, but whatever happened fried my microwave!
Busy weekend 💎💄
Still concerned about tech being used to drive the same old pedagogy. Khan is great but. . . .
is going to have on Tuesday est. this show cannot be missed!!!!
alas, sleep. maybe this time i'll wake up in a non-depressive state.
lol Dustin.. yeah i saw that on tv :P. "Are you stoned or something?" "They tried stoning me my dear, It did not work lol"
So MPD & Sheriff are looking for a jumper, but the 2 depta are not talking to each other over the air..hmm I wonder why.
Can't believe Whitney Houston is gone
im tired xD
Thanks for the RT. Have a great night.
Why did you retweet that? When I say "Danielle" I'm not talking about you...I don't even know you. Ugh.
Mum, does God use the bathroom? No, what a funny question! Then why did Dad say this morning, 'Oh, God, are you still in there? '
I forget to return messages to all my OkCupid prospects.
Watching Adventure Time. Finn is so fucking cute. ♥
either bad semantics or rouge yahoo dev. Either way, I'd rather be boating.
Yes it is totally packed! Why don't you join us tonight?
ah, easter week, i've been waiting for you ;)
love this tweet! so glad you're enjoying our music today!
Wow #NC really? Approving the same sex marriage ban?? This is why I hate that we have to 'vote' on equality in the 1st place.!
We're working on it. ;o)
I think it looks good on the charcoal.
RT : BREAKING: US sprinter Michael Rodgers has tested positive for banned substance and accepted ban for doping offense
Join the SOPA conversation. Looking for a volunteer videographer to film & edit a short PSA. email for details:
Glad it was nothing! His name isn't Chalmers, is it?
I don't think lil wayne likes ceilings.
Brrrr, anyone else working in a chilly office today? Thinking warm thoughts
I think they need to charge to fit everyone that wants to go...the venue isn't big enough anymore for Free.
Please welcome Adina_Greaney to the Max life
To all the 3rd world countries. Ur welcome for the new KU t-shirts Sincerely
ANY ONE WHO TWEETED ME TO MAKE THEM A BG...YOUR BACKGROUNDS WILL BE DONE SOON :) is makeing THE CODY SIMPSONS ONES :)
I can see Mount Mansfield and Camels Hump today. I'm happy.
she ain't beautiful! It's your eyes who sees her beautiful<3 Dawwh! She loves you<3 ;*
coming down to hang with you and at hammond. You gonna be around after the show?
We opened early today for the Good Times Crossfit event. Two food trucks today. Am= and Pm= Chandos. Stop by for
Having helped more than 10,000 customers, we have the experience and expertise to handle all your plumbing needs.
Would like to see this hawks team at 100% from the jump. Horford adds alot
The excitement-induced insomnia for the upcoming #NASASocial has already begun. 4 more days!
student quote: "failure is to not complete something" #Learn2Fail at
James 1:13 When tempted, no one should say, "God is tempting me." For God cannot be tempted by evil, nor does he tempt anyone
yes ma'am.
Happy Mothers Day!!(:
of course! Duh! :) only u added pink tassels :)
soon upload videos of me singing or doing something. todabias not know when but someday. followme :)
Going to the gym. School is over all I have to worry about is this SEXY body ;)
Picked up the 2006 book Google's_PageRank_and_Beyond by Langville and Meyer. Have to brush up on linear algebra and matrix operations now.
Getting a chemical facial.
The guy from George washington and all the real girls is on parks an recreation = DVRed
Of course she's gonna say she's happy for you and fake a smile. But look deep into those eyes; you broke her.
Honestly, when Kick in the Door came out I didnt know who he was talking about. It came out later
Floyd #Landis: U doped, cheated, lied & denied; disgraced yourself, R country, & the sport of cycling. Shut up alrdy! Haven't u done enough?
write me on that list please :)
how old are you?(:
Just like Hawks and Yotes. Hawks dominating, but goalies are in different leagues.
hmm.. That's a good question. Well I don't really know if I could narrow it down to one so I'll narrow it down to type haha
thank you amy! :)
Best sleep of my life.
how u been Jon
don't compare yourself to another company in your sales pitch... now i'm just thinking about them, instead of you. who are you?
I wrote a blog about not drinking alcohol 2 years ago. Since then, it's become a place where quitters leave each other supportive comments.
ya. im on the website trying to get free tickets but it aint working ugh
Going to Boston for my commencement this weekend!
"Many discouraging hours will arise before the rainbow of accomplished goals will appear on the horizon." -Haile Selassie I
EW to all of the above. :P
The "biggest directioner" at my school said she's never heard Torn... Stab me in the back and cut my head off.
A spell of good passing by the Fire while trying to score within the final 3 mins.
lmao im dying
Wow! Real classic on #usa #ToKillaMockingbird - fantastic saturday night
thanks yo for the FF. Sup?
Thanks for the support up there in MA Kappys! Shine responsibly!
So I am about to get it in a let the world know how I fought for this country - how I returned so they could fuck me over
Everybody needs to feel loved and appreciated every now and then...
Yes, it is so sweet!
I hope you heal well and quickly!
Is it just me or are and starting to say what has been saying this whole time?
You and me both.
Follow 2Hot artist
I miss you btdubs, jerk. <3
sure Hope so, if fully recovered
Tip of the day: You're never fully dressed w/out a smile! :)
Thanks for sharing my post! :)
The perks of working from home - I can sleep in till 9m and then look like shit while I pretend to be all intelligent online :D
i think its retweeting everyones stuff .
Saturday is Slow Art Day, how are you participating?
I Promise That Things Won't Be Broken And I Swear That I'll Never Leave Please Stay Forever With Me
I am really TIRED of Chris Berman .... back, back, back, back, back .....
lol ur to cool to chill wit me o sucka
You know that guy I married? He's pretty neat.
Haha, Happy New Year!
Baby come back home. ❤
Thanks for the follow! What's your favourite game? :)
"Let's be friends" tf? I dnt wanna just be ya friend
Too bad about Miami...always love a game 7.
Did you see this? Oregon Legislature outlaws driving while on hand-held cell phone.
Thanks, You do the same!! While you're at it have a great tomorrow too!! =D
leave a hand print on her butt cheek she give me head while i puff trees
I my dad thinks my only graduation present is going to be an iPhone........things won't go well.
Name 3 shows…that you would want…your "Black" child or "Black" children to do or be in…
80's day in the office today. Got Mullet.
Good Morning!! Everyone. You should have a Apricot for breakfast.
Put your bitch in a tub of cum and throw a shark in it.
#Sounders might get the monkey off their back. Up 2-0 on #LAGalaxy with 20 mins left
Few things give me as much pleasure as roaming around town and making observations behind sunglasses and earphones.
I absolutely enjoy it when my friends meet people they adore and look up to :) it makes me so happy for them!!! :)
well sittin here in my room cold-Tamya:( ily
I have learned that as I move from the first step to the next step the challenges become harder and harder.
That might have been the most energized I've seen a crowd for an opening band.
sorry to tell ya but no stickers will awarded to ya tonight
Today was so weird.
Up bored WIFEY sleep n I'm up lol we ate good I think I want sum icecream n peach pie tastie
tell me how it is Juan. I LOVE Marilyn AND Michelle
Isn't it good Twitter etiquette to follow those who follow you?
thanks for the follow
#christmaslove been waiting for this one live. #favorite Congrats
a relationship isnt a test so why cheat?
#onlyfatpeople .... fuck I'll tweet later my cheeseburger pizza just arrived... shiit I just tripped over my fupa..brb
use more product, girl
Sholl is... It's at an all time high RT Back door season....
LiveCirrus is giving OnLive a run for their money in mobile desktop virtualization
any special guests next season
what happened to our plan?!!!!!???
Got a #googlewave invite... anybody want one? I can send out 8... reply with your email
You bailed this time.
LAST DAY! check out ! I WANT THE $25 GIFT CARD!
Omg how long can this assembly drag on ? #pleaseshootme !!!!!
also, I like your new picture (:
#Reality The thing that pulls me out of my dreams...
Just read your Sat post. Personal posts like that make your site a daily stop for me, although I don't typically cry at work.
I though you quit.
Wobble wobble gobble gobble. Dubsteppin' my way to a perfect score on the LSAT!
" a cowboy rode into town on Friday he stayed for 3 days then left on friday...how did he do it" please answer the brain tease and reply!!!!
Hail in North Austin.
's tweets crack me up!
Images are a big part of the new blended search results, so allowing Google to find your photos will help your SEO efforts
Just made blue jean cut offs like a boss.
hahahaha you're so cute, glad you made it! :)
No. 1 way I know it's college basketball time? Two words: Dance. Team.
Happy Birthday love you!
The internet has ruined my life.
I DO
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself – George Bernard Shaw.
you look so amazing(:
what if cup winners already qualify for champs league???
Good to get them written :)
Good: decided to mow my yard this afternoon. Bad: busted out the side window in my wife's Yukon...
fine. 5 bucks a cup
Not I, sir. You are more informative (via Twitter) and entertaining than Wikipedia. There4, I vow to read you more.
oh I know Miss this good times :/
One can not reflect in streaming water. Only those who know internal peace can give it to others. - Lao-tzu
the palms illuminati is praying
:: What an amazing morning. better rate this day a 10.
RT : #Aquarius and Libra: These two make for both a romantic and friendly relationship, blending both nicely into one union
Certain songs are just summer songs
both are zero in that situation. Ya Hart should take it, but it will never matter since neither can throw.
Peter Holsapple sold me our tickets to the Lion King at the DPAC. Was hoping they'd eventually play.
All my best friends squeezed into one snall living room. Best birthday ever :)
#FF came early this week. Again.
Let's change that
Omg! That is so funny! Made me spit up my Pepsi.
Guys, bet a female that she can't touch both her elbows to her belly button. Watch, and enjoy! ;)
No podcasts today? I'm sure I'm the 3252743th person to ask.
Looks like plans are changing a bit then…
Would love to see you at clinic on Saturday. If so, please ask for He can direct you. TY!
are creative people to #follow on Twitter! Thx4 RT/M!
Today was good. SexEd at ; laundry; new parts for the bicycle. I still need to find the right bike rack.
Looking forward to our live chat tonight on !
awkward silence for that one. Lol you can have a seat my darling.
do you have to be 18 ?
Let's take a chance & live this Fantasy!
sounds so awesome! its like developing news in the sportsworld! we look fwd to joining + following
We'll be at this weekend! Offerings include Corned Beef & Scotch Egg. RT For chance to win tickets to Irish Fest!
Thanks for inviting us to the press suite for
Fun times at the dog park.....Henry humped at least three new friends.
He has so many funny ones; you can't help but laugh! :) Hope all is well.
Thank you
I miss the winter weather.
Back to work on Monday.
Good Morning! A little girl seeks revenge. A real woman moves on while karma does her dirty work.
oh my bad I must have mistaken u for a grown up.... Grow up Peter pan
One week til the last capital city dance team prep class! Visit austintoros.com for more information 2 more weeks til auditions!!
Today presented me with a whole new set of life challenges, least of which is an itchy scalp. Too bad new shampoo can't solve every problem.
Is it just me who has a pet peeve about using "evolve" broadly? Or, is it just me who's been spazzing at the news this week?
Why the fuck do I still try.
One lesson you better learn if you want to be in politics is that you never go out on a golf course and beat the President - Lyndon B. Johns
Yes! RT Dear - Please join the Big 12.
#Oomf Hairline Is Worse Than LeBron's!!!!!!
no he followed on 10/3/11 but he never noticed (RT or Tweet) till now
What’s good diet I should have to get results from working out?: I’m 16 and work out for my swimming. I’ve been at it for a couple mo...
Collaborating when negotiating allows you to find new values and new outcomes. w/ #womnegotiators,
I wonder if Santa participates in the holiday tradition of drinking heavily when visiting family.
Let me know if you liked MI4!
Sup NY, pleasure to be in you.
fb strike outside corner.
Swole! I forgot my ice water at my house :/
Ray Charles to the bullshit
: Really looking forward to finally meeting you tomorrow night! :)
you is a punk!<3
Watching #TheVoice The whole team system isn't working when 1 of the best 2 people (both on Cee Lo's team) will have to go home
Smh after hating on it so much. ": The new star trek>>"
Wow Rob, pulling out of LA show now & I too wrote show was "transcendent" -- it really was, amazing, tears, dancing, family
ATTENTION is kicked out of his house and has been.. It would be nice if you bring him food to school granola bar snacks etc.
Where do you find a down-and-out octopus ? On squid row !
And I shall!
“: Just took photos with So much fun! Thanks Anna. Can't wait to see them.” yeah! Me too :)
I should have never gone zip lining
Tend to make the wrong decisions at the right time.
WHATT ARE YOU GUYS CELEBRATING FAT TUESDAY!?!!?
Shucks, I'm going to go 'no' on that one.
Does anyone have McNamee's cell?
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff asking for ''pictures'' .
I love you!
Just got home from shopping with my momma c:
what u do best! Go mop up a high stakes game!! n don't forget to get me 25% off some clothes on ur site pleeeeez!
Dodging Obesity, Dodgeball Tournament happening May 4th at Dr. Riba's Health Club! Very Excited!
For a great deal of people, the weekly paycheck is 'take-home pay' simply because home is the only place they could manage to go with it.
Merry Christmas! Happy Birthday Jesus!
yes we do RT : Don't forget to follow for the latest green building news and information!
Keep that hater talk at a whisper.
hahahaha me too grill!! Freaky things!!!
I am pretty sure you just like moving. Now in Austin eh?
Like, Im doing really great on Southern Charms, even though I've never updated! I guess I will this week though
The pressure is high in City Hall as everybody hones their final pitches for T-minus 20 minutes!
I would come after the sale gone off! Ugh! Smh!
aww, gonna b at work can't chill 2night :(
3:30 on Friday? Damn I wish!
Oxy baby! “: Why am I awake?”
haha whatever.. It's not like the front is any better lol
Wake up hoping its not as cold outside as it is in my room then i look out the window & theres snow everywhere, you've gotta be shitting me
Follow me? <3
you miss my point. Being drunk with the #Roaddron and you is better then being drunk with 5 people
No way Jose! I was just picturing you frantically waving your terrible towel. Not a Detroit fan?
and btw all those other replies were bullshit too. Their lives suck too they just aren't admitting it.
; NO NO NO, i don't wanna go back to school tomorrow..
Work early in the morning and I'm feeling like I won't fall asleep anytime soon. #INeedRest !
followed you :D
I love sending my mom pictures of my cousin's newborn baby. Makes her day. :)
No Idea -_- i suppose she thought I was lying..i mean if that were the case im pretty sure a raincoat would be involved -_- ..
Lol, yall must think im scared to cum to da met or sumn. Im just gon have to show ya. Lol.
I really love Cracker Barrel's food. It's too bad I can't taste any of it.
The only people using #ReplaceBandNamesWithRape are people complaining about
Great first day #IHRSA with
RT : Bulls on tonight all the big tvs. sound will be on!
Waiting for a signing in New York... hope there is one... <33
Need to write an AASL blog entry on ideas for using past Best Websites winners. Can't decide which one to pick this month. Decisions.....
7k wrds today (38 total) incl 1st extended monologue bt narrator Freddy Flaneur, who smoked weed this morning, and the new Simon Hitachi
Tonight's Special: Chicken Fried Steak Fingers w/ Gravy
Waiting patiently for #Panthers schedule. ... Still say, 10-6 is doable.
news. It's a delta flight the got stopped in midway.
Yes I'll admit that I'm a fool for you
what and awesome Saturday full of beautiful cakes for out customers!! Yaayy Enjoy everyone!!!!
Check out the Testimonial section of our site where Corrine asks ... "Why would I want gas?"
me too
Follow me i follow back click the link on my profile save massive money. allyouneedolga.webstore.com poised for world shopping domination
"We All Try" will always be one of my favorite Frank Ocean songs
Thanks for the retweet.
do you know anything about where they'll be in Philly?
#confession Fck Miami...oh and #13thingsilove include each point the Mavs put up in the 4th!
okay lmao i was lost as always :o
Yay got a life size cut out of justin bieber whoooooow be jealous!!!!!
'd love to be in on that.
#TwitterBlackout 24 Hour Boycott of 's New Censorship Policy. Censoring PPL is wrong, because Americans created #Twitter. 1stAmend.
Tuned to architecture talk by
Oh no, watch it every sunday;
My baby on dat meek alreAdy
It's finally the weekend!!!
LOL! I hope you are joking :D I will your laughter and enthusiasm. Let me know when you are in NY again.
wasn't French toast German toast originally or is that a myth
Hockey teams fire coaches as often as fans of other sports wish their teams would fire guys.
I'm so glad I got rid of all the fakes and phonies in my life..feel like a weight had been lifted off
also, check the folks these accounts follow (and twitter will recommend some for you).
.frightening looks ?deli carnegie from #jetbo a eat possibly someone can how
Brutal Lakers loss that I kept thinking they would blow. And they did. I hate it when I'm right.
lets do lunch or something this week.
Sounds fun!
Something is jacked with my notifications I keep missing you. :) Feeling much better.
