Nothing (: How was YOUR day Skai?!
God morning twitter land! Happy Friday! Roll out of bed and get this day started. coming up quick, help get the word out
;p lol. Have fun! I'm sure you'll find someone lovely to spend time with... I srsly don't get the forever alone thing.
Princeton has a $20 million boathouse, yet they are too cheap to stock it with 2 ply toilet paper.
yeah that work too.
what up new follower
Seeing Matt at the PAC but only being able to see Carol in my head =
Tinks sis...love ya RT : Anyone At The #louisvillebats game? Shout out to for all his hard work. Love you man!
will do
No, but if you swing by Heritage Congregational ... I'd love to have a Flip Cam there!! ;)
I just got off the phone with a woman in the Philippines. She told me it was her birthday and that she wishes for an American guy lol.
#rufusking probably from MO Comp. notes 1820: "not seeking my own advantage, but that of the many – St Paul"
There goes the Tigers' chances to ever go to the Fall Classic! No really, not just Pujols...Angels pitching staff is sick too!
what a badass workout! w/ Vanessa Garza. Getting those abs where they need to BE! :)
Apologies in advance for the novella-sized comment I left you about the Hunger Games.
disaster. More gambling = more poverty.
I love my new bathrobe. :) it's so soft and fuzzy and warm. XD now to eat Mac and cheese while waiting to oovoo :)
Google Is Blurring The Lines Between Ads And Search Results
To sleep, perchance to dream. Good night Tweeples. Get some rest.
Comic-Con 2012 Hotel Reservations open March 29! Get a sneak peek at the hotel list NOW!
Great wind direction today.
Wonder if Tortorella is gonna cry and not do his post-game interview as per usual.
lets do it
thanks for the RT!
gave me a gr8 bday pres idea 4 my dad but said they were only @ East Towne. Turns out they have em 1mi from my apt.
Essex (Intl Trade Commission): volume of smartphone patent challenges a problem...Average phone has about 2000 patents attached to it
I can't wait! I can't wait! As soon as they drop you tell me! I don't wanna be missin' out on anything. Okay? x
Thanks for meeting with us today! NBS12
Leadership - No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent.
White Out was invented by the mother of Mike Nesmith (Formerly of the Monkees).
OK, now I mean it. Ready to get back into the swing of things and write some stories. RAWR!
Super excited! RT Find your 'thing' @ 2012 Kaiser Permanente Get Fit Festival! Zumba? Spin? Running?
Oh how I wish it was Friday night.
": the world would be in much better shape if all academics knew how to use github" unsure you want humanities folks in there...
I didnt accomplish anything today ..... ._.
I was serious about touring!
what's wrong?
happy birthday Gunnar!
": the fact that my dad's watching the desperate housewives finale really makes me question who the man of the house is"
T. Boone has never sounded saltier than when going off about
Who will be the Denver Broncos' Q.B. in 2012? Andrew Luck, Barkley or Tebow?
When the internet's so slow that even the advertisements lag #why?!
If you get this, get on skype!
damn you on your 4k
Congratulations to all the graduates today! And especially the Communication Studies grads.
REALLY tempted to keep my hair green (or blue) but had sad realization that I should probably look "professional" for my internship. Sigh.
Might get a puppy! Any suggestions for what kind? Let me know. :)
:) RT : Stupid Torontonians, unless your last name is Tracy Tagliani or Villeneuve shut your damn car off when filling it w/gas
ok thank you for your time
I dont who you think I am - I am someone who knew you way back who checks to make sure one of the smartest boyz I ever met is ok.
Thank you for the follow, you rock!
I know its Mothers Day but my mom is getting a little carried away...
I'm right here.
were cool
RT : check out my session at 1:30p today on best practices for cities doing public engagement
today might be the day i start paying for spotify so i never have to hear that "HEY LADIES" commercial again.
Hmm. Not sure. And can't seem to find anything online...
Obesity-Linked Diabetes Tougher to Treat in Chindren
I've been studying for 6 hours straight I need a break...
saw tons of businesses around the cbd last night that got banners.... only a couple days left to get yours! www.worldchampionfans.com
Yeah, there's plenty of fish in the sea, but I want to find my nemo(:
RT 1 - 4 hitters are gonna CRUSH tonight. won't even matter who's holdin down 5 - 9. #GOTIGERS. Hope you are right!!
Finally done with my first yr of college.
Hey guess what I'm wearing to summerfest?! Nothing!
damn they got you for your craisins? Damn.
congrats on your new ride!
No way! lol RT Whoa...the world just got even smaller. All of you are amazing people!
DEAR SARA PLEASE STOP READING THROUGH ALL MY OLD EMBARESSING TWEETS THANK I HATE YOU OK BYE
this might be the best crack commando unit on the planet!
This Is Why I Get Drunk!
send me a dm
Welcome & thanks to my new followers!
Can't wait to see you and #team133! Hail to the Victors! Pleaseure to have you in MAIZE N BLUE!
I got Mares and Bones! Tu?
RT : #Gilt founder talking about how they documented their strategy to get everyone on the same page
"If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need."
twitter is butt
Homeboii De Leon!!! N Shawty Locs!! Lov u guys u can count on me!! #1 Fan for u guys!! keep doin wat u like soon yall be someone big in life
I hate all my gf exs they are ALL NASTY
Sunday morning ceiling painting. (Sounds like either a horrible #bandname or a great #euphemism.)
Lakers are totally out of sync and out on control in close out game !
Realistically, no law is a law, just mere forms of mental enslavement. Free yourself from the laws you condemn yourself of
We will pay lots of money to watch someone work in their "unique ability area" because it inspires us to see greatness in action.
we linger a hour to choose a clothes and to make up. ahaha
ready to learn how to speak Italian - any local RVA suggestions ?
Something shitty happens on my birthday every year... it was tradition. :)
Problems/the system? driver en route just called to confirm my address. Never had that happen before.
I will! I might be able to do something Saturday night after work? Idk, I'll text you!
Stop doing what people tell you you should do and do what YOU want to do.
where u going????
Thank you! So glad you enjoyed the Cab. Stay tuned for new releases and much more to come!
i wonder if i have an accent 0.o
Friends, floppy puppies, Baltimore Inner Harbor, buskers, and a sold out show to close the night.
instrumentalizing fake homosexuality toward straight male hegemonic shit!that's so passé!Iranians R so naive some times I wanna kill myself!
"Get over it and move on". "Let me know if there's anything I can do". Useless things to say to someone experiencing pain or grief.
“: The mayor just signed the smoking ban bill.” yayayayayayayay!!!
One thing I learned in grad school - how to spell "bourgeois."
Hurry up, guy!
amazing what #orioles are doing despite gaping power void at traditional slugging positions 1B-3B-DH
"When he asks, he must believe and not doubt" -James 1:6
Takin' a nap in a furniture store.. aye.
Faith is something you die for, doctrine is something you kill for. There is all the difference in the world. Tony Benn
Had fun with my loves last night. I love being with them
Last minute tix for last nite. Great show. Their songs are still stuck in our head. Happy Friday folks! Damn it's early!
Hey did you make it out west? Last I heard you were stuck in the desert of Wyoming?
I got the extended battery for my bionic
#museumsport victim: she's (yay Sarah!)
the path of wild abandon
Sorry, Mr. Romney makes $20 Million per year from his money! That he helps some people with it? I should hope so.
Get #HappyBirthdayMamaMahone trending for Austins mommy!! :)
Burnt-out CFLs do not smell good.
RIP Yahoo! Site Explorer
In big bend area on i43... More heavy rain and bad visibility.
Slaughterhouse is a breathe of fresh air for hip hop
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired
Sweet! I love fishing lol
Writing in Miami today with BH!
Another week of helping #smallbiz owners & #entrepreneurs succeed, we hope you all have a great weekend!
appreciate the listen brotha, that's what we were going for. one more question, will you #beatiowa this weekend?
Jackson's doctor found guilty of involuntary manslaughter.
“Business opportunities are like buses, there's always another one coming.”
Agreed! Really interesting, beautiful work
Operation: Kill The Bitch
Hey , your audio track is ahead of your video.
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Uncle Buck
I'm driving down lane avenue now, campus is nice
CUTE! Olive and Oliver.
Great day today at Coaching U Live! Thank you for all the positive comments! Special thanks to for his excellent content!
Whose all going out tonight?!
In backwards land, the "eaT party" were positive&rational, though slightly overweight. The overweight part was still true in backwards land.
people i want to meet: and many More!!!!!
If you are in Nashville and ain't been to sing for your supper, you're missin out!
When people think they're the music police <<<<<<
At one time she wasn't all that bad looking with a decent rack and some meat on her bones
same. We thought y'all might play after us at our place. That's what we did at north central last night. But pike ain't shit
After Pacers loss to Philly Sat, I've had lots of people telling me Pacers get no breaks from refs at home, and little home court advantage.
not only heard about it... witnessed it (sorta...)
I just want to be the third wheel on the tricycle of terror! Can you see his soul yet!?!
that means you are lookin' good ;)
Little Black Submarines
In 6th grade I tripped a classmate who was unpopular. You remember & regret the mean things you did as a kid, b/c you know they were mean.
they totally are. Take me with!
Agreed! RT : Know what's a funny word? Caucus.
can't believe Maurice has his own twitter? COMEDY!
If I Asked You To Follow Me,Would You?<3
Another suggestion for a children's storybook in honor of Asian-Pacific American Heritage Month is Cora Cooks Pancit by Dorina Gilmore
Worked on the Jo book while eating a cup of corn chowder and a pastrami sandwich.
This is the creed of creeds, the final deposit and distillation of all important faiths: that you should be able to believe in life
:) RT : Lol anytime! lubb you RT S/o to for hooking it up with a drink at lunch
Reasons I love New York: Bumping into Dale from Top Chef in a Duane Reade
Rain by my window...sounds like a song
I know, I have gotten the same message before too!
Thank You.I want pple 2 give me that respect as a writer so i give it.
Went to the courthouse earlier today and only two people had showed up, but they're hoping for more this afternoon.
you mise well check out my music and give me some real feedback.. i can trust you cuz you in da real game i respect that
I hope I'm not wasting my time.
When I visited Lincoln's home they had a sign at the corner from which most photographs were taken. I need to set that up.
Hey G, what's going on? Haven't seen you in a while.
In the meantime, No. 1 singles semifinal matches are just about to begin on side-by-side courts.
haha hi honey! I got yelled at for not tweeting
how dare you say such a nasty thing, sister!
Why are we flashing back to 1969... Did I miss something?
nice pick Cowher!
fried quillisascut crotin on sauted rappini and green tomato relish. I'm enjoying tiffany's rye manhattan to start the night.
I made up a proverb: The more you care, the better you fare! Thank you 65 followers!
El Cambio Networking Lunch at Forke Kitchen today at 11:30 let me know if you want to go with me to meet with potential clients.
R we still on for Friday ? ... & I never got ur email address to send you the logo. Email me @ .
jus gt in, shower then call kyre
needed DT depth. Browns suck against the run, Heckert believes he can help. Until he hits field we really don't know what he'll do.
Wow that sucks. What a great dog. RT Bummed to hear that Brewzer , the #RedSox spring training clubhouse dog, died
New iPod!!!! I love technology!
Why do the darn cats keep digging in our house plants Grrrrr
b**tch bad looking like a bag of money... but she sitting on a stiff monkey... b**tch wake up...
A3 Consistency helps you stand out in a talent community
I love your new job!
Killing me, woman...
#SHOUTOUTTO my boy right out of the MD.
Awww...we can't see the picture because the account is protected. I'm sure you rocked your presentation.
load kayak on carrier by yourself in less than 3 min - thule kayak rack
mine too! They banned smoking at the Sun Times six months after I started stringing there, causing a revolt.
Come in from the cold and see DJ Basecamp tonight
Rach and I are stopping in wine country on the way, so expect me to be STOCKED.
Tough year, man. Tough year.
Prof worries that #Lamborn's HR 4233 "might stifle private sector growth." This is the time for a new agency? #conservative?
Are you headed to #e3 this year? What's your favorite thing about the event?
this Friday at bottom of the hill! Gonna be brutal ;)
MT": Visit local radio station : #WeActOpenHouse during
Did not know heaven came jn the form of prochetta paninos! Any other "Heaven" spots in NYC you want us to shout out?
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMED.
Soo, what'd you get to eat and how was it?
makes me feel like a genius.
Good job guys! Google is a good get. wow, that was a lot of words with "g".
Care to hear more? Check out my blog at www.improvedgentle-man
Man, #raptors just screwed up big-time
yet you gain no weight. You have the metabolism of a teenager, Jeff!!
LOL Yes but it's only under a month away. It'll be worth the wait, amiga haha you know it will. Eh RAW could be better xD
Happy Valentine's Day to all!
Forealz man! It is what it is!
Salon Prodigys sexy saturday specail free haircut with the purchase of a color or foils
Two people on bus talking about an old Eminem MTV vma performance.
Love you
good to hear. How's your son?
On to the next one
Son's preschool class is doing a "mommy makeover" day, offering hairbrushing & crowns, handwashing & lotion, fruit water, portraits. Cute!
ew ew ew I bet she didn't buy anything because you guys don't sell size -6.
haha I feel like a noobie to this LOL I think it's hilarious LOL
Knocking out :/
well we r sittin outside his house now lol. Can u cum ovr we scared to knock on the door
Aint nothing going right
Can I date Ms. Piggy?
depends on the recipe but I can certainly figure it out!
I've been thinking of using #nodejs. Are you using a framework with it?
That doesn't mean that they have the right to tell me shut up I don't let no one disrespects me. it's that simple.
Don't fuck with my emotions.
We HIGHLY recommend ""How to Sell Your Book - And Yourself" with to all
Just wanted to interrupt your timeline to let you know about the death of the Chicago Bears' playoff hopes.
back at the Ind. Statehouse today after three days down in Southern Indiana ... the destruction there still shocks me ...
Seeing all this cool iP stuff was neat but still think you still need a laptop
No TT_TT alas... but omg cant WAIT for snow white and the huntsman!!
thanks for the follow back RR😃⛵
your list of blocked twits is as impressive as your tweets themselves.
thanks! That's the idea!
Important life lesson: "for your age" shouldn't ever be said to any woman.
The of end of any social movement's political power comes when it is commodified and resold as a for-profit marketing device, then co-opted.
“: "I am so ratchet" #HMC” stop this is too funny
Thanks to everyone who came out and played in the rain with us yesterday in Sodus. Great event with Great people!
Tracking drums and guitars today for the new song, get stoked.
Everyone can be great, because everyone can serve. ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
Thanks for the follow. You were always my favorite Ingall!
hahah #seriously.maybe we'll catch up at the next / / / / concert lol
my love, when will you be back in wisconsin?
If u ain't got #Doe 2 Drop on ma #Smoke u can't Smoke Mines
Awe i'm sorry :(
Do you guys sell Orgain in the Potomac Mills, Virginia store? price per case?
Morning Report: Local papers - Radio New Zealand
so whats it called when you get beat by say 20 pts..??
💍❤💗🌟☀🐠RT : Charleston bound!! Cannot wait to celebrate !!
Where is Woods Hole? I'm in Cape Cod for the Summit.
Disney should make a hairless princess, so little girls with cancer can feel beautiful, as well.
Banging on the drums of disenchantment...
Still up writting ..breeze feels good outside!
Artists don't have traditional training; artists are formed by experience & community.
My stock response to any sentence that contains 'you Americans' will now include the royal 'we', as in 'we Americans'.
nigga def blacked out last night,,but oh well
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 21 14:52 in 4th #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
I figured that if I can get the blood flowing to my brain, it will make it easier to get the blood flowing in the book. :)
nice job for sending the poster to !
Cheerwine is delicious! Thank you for introducing it to me
wish you were on town...):
What does that mean? 0_0
Goodnight all, I must away. Will try to tweet some tomorrow but I'll be working, not sure for how long.
I'm not a fan of the delay my Twitter (google chrome button). The new update is cool but its slow.
Philip Dormer Stanhope Chesterfield~ The pleasure is momentary the position rediculous and the expense damnable.
Off to coco pazzo to vote for Ms. Rockman.
All of your hard work is paying off my friend!
At Starbucks?
In many parts of the world springtime is underway. We invite u 2 connect with the #Jewish Homeland:"Planting Israel At Home!"
My cousin too funny. I can chill with her all day. She'll keep us rolling.
sorry to hear that! Proceedings will be published, you'll have to catch those!
Priest: kinda horrible, but I liked it anyway.
“: ": Pissed I can't get "December" ringtone on iTunes grrrrrrr"(--- I love that song..”me to
wow! A family full of little pretty girls!! I believe some dads will have their hands full in the future ;)
In Minneapolois about to take off for Seattle. Stoked!
haha!!! I think they used all of the ones we mixed!
Lmao nigga just scared cause of that last ass whoopin i gave him...FUCK WIT ME!
smart ass.
off to school ;)
and a song on their mixtape and a interview on their DVD.
social media is very real.
totally! Doesn't make sense for most districts. I'd buy "moral concerns" early on but not after 75 years of dehumanization.
your avi is better thou :)
G Happy Birthday and enjoy it to Da Max #PartyHard :D
Come eat your puccias they nice'n'hot!
Think Like a Man is a good movie...
I've got so much great new/old music to share with you tonight. Please join me at Berry Park (N. 14th & Berry st.) 9pm-3am No Cover.
it was 11:00 pm, but now it is 8:36. I want to see you again too!
you'll get more $$ here in NYC :) not that I would know about such things
Shipley's for breakfast!
Wondering if planting all the seeds that collect at the bottom of everything bagel bags will yield some kind of delicious plant.
You will know your vocation by the joy that it brings you.You will know.You will know when it's right.-Dorothy Day
Back From Orlando:) HAPPY TO BE BACK
You'll never plow a field by turning it over in your mind
one bottle of wine and two Dixie cups, 3am i fell in love, oh that's something that just don't happen twice
I think the book that came with the game (my version at least) was as valuable as the game - Earl Weaver on strategy, maybe?
#WorstRapLineEver? How About #BestRapLineEver Come Out For Tonight At Set Is At 11PM Sharp! #HockstarPresents RT
I don't like how it's always "3000 years." Nothing special was happening in 1000 BC.
Loser RT : I'm going to bedd
Thanks to for donating much-needed toiletries, clothing and food for our guests!
The saga of the Darcy family continues in the new novel Second Impressions. Learn more at Books on Broad on Jan. 25 from 5:30 to7:30 pm.
Everyone could think amazing ideas!!! Only a few can prove them! SHOUT OUT to Albert Einstein.
A glass just sitting on my kitchen counter randomly cracked on it's own. So weird...
Thanks for the RT! :)
Fantastic news! Congrats, Jo!
awkkk. i found out 5 minutes ago cause someone tweeted to her & i creeped. hahahhah! how did everyone find out?
Very strong. I appreciate your steadfast support of equal protection under the law.
Still looking 4 volunteers 4 savethelibrary table at Mayday March.
Just put Splitter back in
#FOX59 news is underway: the latest on a woman shot riding a bike, an east side house fire & Andrew Luck talks about touching down in Indy!
Global Fellows presenting final school design plans at today. Good luck Gaurav, Ross and Bonisile!
how have you been? besides being sick
thanks for following fabulous fashion designers! Did you decide if you are going off to the middle east? Good luck!
I just earned the Crosstown Magic badge on #Yelp!
Happy birthday from Haiti to my brother !!!
Looking forward to chatting with
Good stuff. Your life is soaking up good stuff! You'll always have it to reach back to when things get rocky years down the road.
NM Supreme Court justices affirm district court judge's decision to boot Gary Smith off CD-1 Republican primary ballot.
what's a redneck? That's nice
Breakin' All the Rules in my Pants
Did it work? RT : From "Sending a head containment field generator through the recursion portal"
Some wild possible changes happening in my life, not really wild just some new avenues of work very excited. My wild stuff is OK as is.
Happy Holidays
10% off all purchases from www.enrichprofessional.com. Use ordering code EPPPROMO201109 until Sept 30!
Gonna try to sleep. Z Goodnight!!! (-:
having 20% of battery but making sure I can tweet you within 2minutes! #NOTICE.ME.AUSTIN please! #TrueMahomie <3
right and plus Tim tebow is already good thier
“: My nigga Was good !!”nah chillen dime when we all havin sessions??
Great event: MT @ it was an honor to have such a pro capture the Skater's Ball. wonderful images, thank you!
I love that cute thing you do were you don't text me back for hours. Adorable.
I love Vampire Diaries...Only I get tired of five minutes of show and five minutes of commercial.
On FoxNews.com. The Morning Click. 9:30 am this morning
We know the way to #PDX's heart is through it's stomach. #Portland, will you be #Feastpdx's Valentine?
I have a feeling ima get a reply from vinny in the mail sometime this week.
Sometimes, I really miss Joe Garagiola.
i just seen that on worldstar. that shit was funny lol
Coincidentally, Hangmen Also Die is Brecht's only Hollywood film. He wrote a 280-page script that was chopped down by John Wexley.
Working on a few collaborations coming a long really good!
As of tomorrow my 14-mile commute disintegrates to 14 feet. I'll try and remember pants when video conferencing.
Even though it's all about the money, it's not all about the money.
RT : Smh got a ninja up at 2:30 like I ain't got school in the morning
Peter's concern as if there was something else wrong. Love my Polivia.
Ha! What'd he say??
me and will miss you at the art show :(
#LobsterRumble love for
heyy you how are you?
What 8-letter word has one letter in it? Envelope.
Do any of my tweeps river kayak?
Wall St. scumbags are covert with their dirty deeds. Demonstrators are being way too obvious.
Y do i have to be stuck in the house right now, the only thing i hate about leavind in md.
17 year old survives jump off of golden gate bridge
20 points and 6 dimes is, though.
What do Americans call high school? Grade school? Freshman year?
Right now, we are talkin to you, while we're on our way, to the MUTHA-FUZUCKIN-MOON!!!
Get ready to cry
Happy Hour is happening right now! Sick of all the xmas ham and potatoes but not the alch? Come nosh on our sushi and sip on our martinis !
thanks man i think your doing just as well man!
No one will ever understand what you feel up to going through the same situation. (Demi Lovato)
nice! what did you get?
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer  17
What? When have I been violent???? “: Probably will pinch and punch me - she's violent!”
if you can't name a single fighter on #ufctrainer, please don't buy it.
I'm trying to figure out when to start my energy drink supply and I can't decide if I should even sleep tonight.
Ugh my phone is so slow
Rookies, veteran athletes, agents, coaches & PR pros - request your copy of The PR Playbook!
Sorry for all those who loved Amy Winehouse. A soulful voice is silenced forever
or maybe even Holiday - Madonna. :)
Thank you for the #FF!
amen to that
#BieberOnTeenWolf please, tell me this is happening.
Blessings to you Tim! I just want to send my support to you and know that God's favor is always shining on you! "Your A Light!"
Wondering if my Verizon bill will go down now that they aren't corporate sponsors for Deer Creek Music Center anymore. Yeah, I know.
is watching The One come in. Rick Warren's speech sucks, but at least he didn't ask God to Damn America...
neater, cleaner, faster
Enjoy! RT We will be on Spring Break through April 23. See you on the flip side. Cheerio!
check your dms mom!!(;
what u doin up
I'm not mad I'm not sad I'm just pissed that you lied and believe bullshit. How you gon be real if you can't see that fake tho?
How come police horses can shit all over NYC and the cops don't have to clean it up? That's no fair!
no more i kant do it bye
Starting to think Paul might be the only candidate who can beat Obama. That's weird, right? Sounds weird. Feels weird. Is weird.
Jay jay just took my lolipop
Lol Not me Im Learning
Because members of the Boards, Commissions, and Advisory Groups are over paid? :-)
yeah . :/ Ugh tomorrow is gonna suck.
Nikki Manaj is the hand, music is the cookie jar, her fifth wheel is on back.
Bailing out the basement during a flood is great roommate bonding
Open mic today @ 3 p.m. Bring your words, heart, mind, music.
this bitch talking bout i hit my following limit ugh wtf
So is tweeting about blogs about bloggers
Thank you!! RT Thanks for your post ! We hope the west coast men are listening!
Love this song! But it will get stuck in my head like no other.
It is hard to believe that 2009 is almost in the history books. Lots to do to wrap up this year and get ready for the next decade in 2010!
Hello! Hope you're well. :)
Oregon State not doing much better down the road in Palo Alto, down 16 to Cardinal.
MT .: Syndicated TV Ratings: 'Big Bang Theory' Tops 'Judge Judy;' 'Dr. Phil Still ..- TVbytheNumbers // but is not funnier than
Live 100% of your time according to what you want - you will than see how you ARE the deliberate creator of your reality
NO! Doing a newborn photoshoot!
have you decided what your going to wear tomorrow??
as long as we all agree I said it first! Great lecture loved the trip around NYC's neon! Go forth and document
Sitting in anticipation and expectation of the great things God has in store for me.
Sex offenders should burn, I'm just saying.
Trainer told me the average woman can do 26 in a row. You're killing it :)
those napkin doodles are pretty awesome to put onto your portfolio! :) FYI.
RT : Juniors mom says she doesn't understand. She's shocked. An appreciates everyone coming to the home to show love to her...
Nom Nom Nom. Sandwiches and Naps on this cold afternoon.
lets! I'm in the SF office, but happy to schedule a Skype or put you in touch with the crew in London.
Tears are made up of almost the exact same ingredients as urine.
ah nevermind. I was thinking roadster. This is a sedan. Which is darn promising isn't it.
Lots of hair-splitting going on today.
Happy Birthday to my Lovely Mom! I love you Mommy<3 :*
Teaching my french teacher YOLO
oh thts cool :)
okay i've waited and finally #tosh.0 is back on!! better not suck!!
Didn't dodge the bullet. Assigned & awaiting interviews. Feel like Jimmy Cliff...sitting here in limbo...
Keke I love true jackson ;) good job and I love you please retweet if you read this please ! :)
Yeah, so Squeaky Fromme totally threw up at my reading. So. That was a thing.
just mystery skyped w/ a former student who is studying education - he did a pres on using skype in the classroom!
Have you ever investigated paranormal activity onboard a ship? If so, which ship?
Never lose sight on things u want and need
: Guess you had to be there. "Peated Scotch ale, aged in whiskey barrels", does that sound better?
oh man, mega tweak.
I love the location of my new job. It's so convenient.
RT : busy busy worker bee, yep that's me.
Roses are red, violets are blue. I've got five fingers on each hand, the middle ones are for you
Girl u make my speakers go boom boom dancin on my tailgate in the full moon
scored at the Gordon Ave Library sale today
Police say they've made arrest in death of body found in Iron pool. No name yet.
#FREE T-Shirts for the 1st 100 peeps at ! Join for more fun now! Text FREE to 35350 for prizes from Mo's & Promo MKE!
Holding breath.....*passes out*
Horford said he should've missed the second free throw too. He didn't know Hawks were out of timeouts.
ouch!!! Feel better
Dinner tonight: slow roast pork loin in mustard rub with fresh mixed veggies and mushrooms cooked in beef broth. :)
Only 4 1/2 hours until Bubble Bath tonight!
Don't let March Madness Keep you home! We'll watch Syracuse on our computer via ESPN3 during Chip, Dips, 'n Sips tonight 6-8PM.
what up bro ,, my fault about tonight I had some family problems
not sure I was bragging either
Democracy is four wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch.-Ambrose Bierce
we would like to deliver it to you in person May 12th. See you then!!
Hahaha Rob Dyrdek is a riot
Set me free, leave me be. I dont wanna fall another moment into your gravity.
is there anything beyond body/face & basic ability to pose that you look for?
RT : "we are ghetto but we aren't that ghetto"
Congratulations! Very great news!
A very happy birthday to Justin Bieber.. Next year he'll be opening for us 👍
Really wish I didn't have 102 fever. :(
cause you dont say you love me to your friends when they ask you even though we both know that you do.
How is everything up north?
It's possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs.
love u right back. Come it to the NYC Lenox Lounge live 10/28 &29th 8&10pm shows an hear it luv ya back.
yum! (I generally don't eat burgers but when I have a craving that's where I usually go) their Tom Yum is also super yummy!
So many people dig 80s music. Am I the only one who prefers the 90s? I wasn't old enough to appreciate the 80s.
i need your contact info asap
How far do you see the Brewers going this season?
Happy anniversary Peace Love and No Nuts LLC. I want to thank my fans farmers friends and family for making the past year a success. Gabi
can you follow me ? I want to talk to you in private !? I am waiting for follow me
TDIH 1937 - News reports reveal that Quaker Oats pays Babe Ruth $25k per year, or the 2012 consumer price equivalent of $395k/year
at the park..just took sum really cute pics of the kids
The holidays are fast approaching! Wow, where does the time go? Wishing everyone a happy Wednesday!
your welcome(: you should text me. i see you at school, but to shy to say hi /:
Do you think Steve Jobs left Apple with some great ideas of his so the company can continue creating the best new thing though he is gone?
“: Coach K just slipped Tyshawn Taylor a $500 bill.” lmfao
All you listeners should follow
I love how blunt you are! Lol
The Locals
really? sue gringa tan intelligent ha?
Yes! Lisa I did! Going to talk to Dino about it Monday at our meeting
Getting w !
#FIXCONGRESS Everytime congress wants drug test someone 2 obtain benefits - call'em up & ask when THEY will take test! Lot more will fail!
thank you 4 #GoGetIt you're impacting a better me with it I live you Mary's
really needs a gym membership but I don't think any gym will ever compare to the 24 Hour Fitness on Dodge in Omaha.
turn on the game and Tyson Chandler just nasty dunk, upset tonight?
Whats the most powerful computer? Its a 3 pound personal computer sitting on top of your shoulders: your brain.
lmfao we are same *his hair tho
spill the beans! spill the beans!
that's what I thought ! Where's dessert !
Darn, so much for that. RT : C'mon! Let's hear it for an All- #SuperBowl!!
how do you think Iwakuma did overall in this particular outing?
having to use both my computer and my phone to listen to a webinar is completely f-ing ridiculous
Colby Cheese It's are not good......
Pebbles and Marbles
Since you like anti-jokes so much, why couldn't the t-rex clap?
You are AMAZING in #AStreetCarNamedDesire -- forget what the #critics have to say!
Think princess found a biffieeeee
Be my guest at our next meeting for We do a ton of service work for Chandler non-profits benefiting children!
We'd love to try this! And maybe try it with our toxin-free, GMO-free natural spirit
i know me 2. haha coo
Its time everyone~ ABDC
how do you find these things
#NSMN panel: digital and social media best equipped to fill programming void. Send Tola Murphy Baran more Farmville bales of hay
There is about a 90% chance I would fail that test today.
hey can we work on a good article? did u see the 1 about my new management?!!!
Cody Is Our Gentleman
you made it?! I thought the meet was cancelled?!
my daughter is practicing her Irish dancing to 'axel f'. so proud.
RT: We agree 100% ! "Passion rebuilds the world for the youth. It makes all things alive and significant." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
missing the #MuseumsNAt tweetup, catch you all next time!
well I don't know what I'm doing for my hair I wanna cut it shorter shut IDK we will see :)
They mostly come at night. Mostly.
Well I'm sorry if my apology hurt you, but mistakes were made. ;)
fine then :p
Bad associates make it hard for good ones. Lady was talking to her coworker the entire time she was ringing me up. Didn't even greet me.
God Bless....
This a #wine tasting not to miss!!! #Crazygood #Pinot RT : ... tasting tonight (6-7:30) at the bin!!
i just want to see liam....i know he will make me happy...
haha, your already know!!
In sales, like life, connecting & relationship outweighs hunting & farming. Success comes with a long term approach & vision. SeanLetwat
FriendsofTheFoundation, give to philanthropy and meet Jeff Moorad at our next event. for details.
Sounds like a euphemism for mass firings. I had to check to make sure Ozzie was still in harness.
oh snap
$AOGN an independent oil and gas production company, today announced that the Company's shares are once again listed on the OTC BB!
I Bet If I Lick That Spot Then You Wont Act LIke That.
Just learned that is coming back to Minneapolis on Sept 16 at the Varsity!!! Been less than a year, but it's felt like a long wait...
*ALERT* Parking meters will now run from 8am to 6pm Mon through Wed, 8am to midnight Thu and Fri, and 11am to midnight on Sat....
Come on Niners! Let's win this!
I guess it's Turn Back the Clock Night on MLB.tv My stream quality reminds me of 1997.
Wow! That is a lot of miles. Where are you as we tweet?
that's the best anyone has offered yet. Thanks. Please sign me up for that.
Drinking beer by myself.
Thanks. Me too. I hope U are loved as much as I am becuz my mom loves me a lot! Even when I'm bad! Purrs.
The best part of waking up is coffee in my cup! ♫ ♫ ♫
Foiled again! I mean... I'm sure they'll be disappointed.
If there wasnt #mothersday we would have no feb babies.
. says ed commission has an open ended agenda
Haha yeah And what time did I say I would be up it's 4:42 hahaha boy I'm good :) well woke up with a HUGE PRESENT !!!!!
man, I went out every night. I had a party card for the whole week. Different party every night. It was nice.
Saying hello to all of our friends! was thrilled to present today.
thank YOU! that's great. happy to help. what are you working on?
Thx for the shout out on the cell phone drive , donations are trickling in :D
Hm decisions decisions.
Any thoughts on the soundtrack? I must've heard it at least four times by now.
Standing ovation!
Do you remember back in 2012 when we didn't connect with each other to share ideas, learn and collaborate globally?
Lets go #hoosiernation! I want to toke with Christian Watford, I feel like he'd say something wise
The questions were either super obvious or impossible. Lovely
Mark your calendars for June 22nd - #BRAVE premieres and will be a huge hit.
If its supposed to rain tomorrow, does that mean I should wash my car?
Cheerio London! Ciao Milano!
So if you win a Pulitzer, then donate the money to scholarships, what's left for you to do this month? Save a baby from a burning building?
ronron from the bridge is back at it again. Nice elbow
- I told you I am not going to disclose that information yet. Just know a high ranking official will be there.
He broke up with me cause he thought I was married to a boy really
dreaming of direct flight! But thanks for re-sending link. User error was definitely involved.
I gotta get on my A game...don't matter how it happens
If I passed this taxonomy & plant test I'ma go crazy . That's ish was HARD !!!
God is great!
RT As usual, rolling in late to the 7pm bounty tourny.
Just saw the movie "Buried" at the Milwaukee Film Fest. WOW.
Oddly enough, I'll shop at Vons during strike. Assuming Vons caves as usual (raising prices), I'll then be shopping elsewhere.
woow which airline?
Glad you're enjoying our new show "Genuine Ken!" Do either of you have a favorite Kentestant?
see you do know me
Done! MT Follow for info abt how we support scholars using tech for research, teaching, learning.
Plus white women have benefitted HUGELY from Affirm. Action, prob. more than ppl of color of both sexes.
#Fitness #Exercise #Motivation of the Day. I'm going to run a 5k! What gets your butt off the couch?
the field trip should be amazing though. Busch Gardens with my bestest friends. <3
Jason McCann doesn't need bombs to kill people. His hotness is enough.
Some people are just crazy! Calm down. Geez.
OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG... the semester is almost over and I have way too much that needs to be done.
If your not following me on Twitter then plz do so...Don't wait til i become famous and then follow me. Be a part of my RISE to FAME!
he's not a real celebrity,Sanjay, LOL.
With respect to my talented & savvy go-to Twitter sports analysts, the NFL draft play-by-play is starting to hurt my head.
I cant til school is over so i can fucking fool!!!
Cool! I'm in no hurry, we'll have a good time regardless.
These 15 min breaks are too short. Back to the grind. *sighs*
Thank you! I'll keep it and promise not to post a pic once it all starts chipping off...
Where does Pop rank all time? (Taylor)
Shit I didn't mean that. I love the French!! I just wish critics would bring a bit more dispassionate professionalism to their rep releases?
I also was charged red cabbage price for radicchio. Live in MI presently. ha
the Gallery is Open! Stop by and check out our new Art, Jewelry & Clothing by local Oklahoma Artists! Studio 164 in the Paseo Arts District
Its frickin beautiful outside right now!!!!! You can see the snow melting
26 days till HvZ!! Holy crap!
Vocus is sharing the benefits and ROI of Social Media Marketing...a free report. Check it out, extremely informative.
of course I do!!!! The fuck.
The interview this morning on was brilliant! "I liked Al better when he was fat..." #HowToBeatGMA lol
Home in bed watching tv.. Trying to go to sleep.. Text it.. Ill respond if I'm still awake!!
thats a good day for running then. Hope it was fun more than anything!
Ran into exhim... me or catch me on the elevator
hey wen i upload my video can u help tweet about it and get it alotta views for me?(: playing at teen hoot is my dream
#FF Orangebloods staff for all things
Tebow completes first pass of the game....catching everyone by surprise..
your hate is what gave me strength
Well, thanks, & you? I'll be tuning in tomorrow for some Trouble! : )
Kevypoo I miss you too! See you soon? OKILoveYouBuhBye!!!!
Almost time for my "lunch" break.
#fuckthat raise serpent
#powersIwishIhad RT: "I just laughed so hard I scared my neighbor's cat." I stick to scaring my own cat.
Our Parent New Resources Consulting is seeking a .NET Dev for a short-term contract to start within the next week. DM for details.
or Posh Spice
I need a connect...someone help me out
what did she say ?
Totally agree. I'm always trying to give feedback instead of grade right away. So much better for actual learning.
Wow... Robert Plant paying respects to Jimmy Cliff They are hanging at Hotel Cecelia!!! Big
Mute in #gmail is such a great function. Helps me remain blissfully unaware of developments that have nothing to do with me.
mess ages
Yasso runs 5x800's yesterday at 6:20 pace. Felt good. Windy outside though.
LIVE, LAUGH. LOVE...repeat as needed
I wish it was breaking news that you were traded to Green Bay.
You can not buy buy-in. You can only invest in it- by vesting, giving right of ownership, to participants.AKA "money can't buy me love"
and btw...you tweet more than most girls
I understand your pain. I am on Maxalt-mlt for that very thing.
What does an envelope say when you lick it?Nothing. It just shuts up.
rad! I'll be arriving in SF at noon on Thursday. When will you be in town?
Thunder with only 6 fast break pts at half. Gotta create some more opportunities to run.
C.Perez comes into the game in the 11th inning against the Jays- Game tied 3-3
He broke her heart. She broke his X-Box. We all know who cried harder.
The Little Miss Beautiful Hue America national pageant is June 23, 2012...
Thx for following me back <3 reading your inspirational and insightful tweets. Light in darkness!
There's $$$ to be Made#AllDayEveryDay!!!
We have also built new branded products using our API (D&B360) - D&BDirect
Dreamed that I wrote a tweet in English, but it ended up in Dutch. And I don't speak Dutch. Huh?
Beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder.
Well, I'm not studying anything. EXCEPT YOUR PROFILE.
Maybe if im pretty u will like me....
cheer up Palmer you'll soon be dead...I'll show u mine if u show me urs
Thank you, it is not a good feeling. I am just chilling today.
Running out of options. Hmph. :/....*bites nail*
oh my god.how dare you attend church?guess it feels good to know people care what you did on Sun. mornings over 10yrs ago.
Haha. Beckham looks like he still has a good foot...
#yourenotmytype If you use the word "bling"
Finally read Going Bovine...amazing...
Combat troops left Iraq today.
#Columbus is crazy right now! Stay safe!
Bulls #WIN !
Beginners class tonight in Kendall 12975 SW 112 Street at Dance Works of Miami. 7:30 p.m. hope to see everyone tonight!
Thanks man! Glad you dig it
I'm up , Who's in for After-party after-party ???!!!!
In my dream last night, I was in Pyongyang in the big auditorium with a bunch of 20-somethings with Kim Jong-il. He made me "re-pray" 20x.
thanks! Actually, I think every icon was made by a different person. I don't have a go to icon designer, but always on the lookout.
sorry to inturrupt but uh, mando is super attractive :')
Not a bad idea...hm..I'll use that! Thanks :)
RT Jersey sponsorship often misguided effort by brand to drive impressions. Successful sponsorship needs to go deeper than that
I'm gonna miss million dollar listing ny !
below will give you the news
you better love them lmao
I'll make sure that I mention it in the post-show meeting. Thanks for the suggestion :)
11% of adults around the world have never had sex.
Correction: today is the 37th anniversary of the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975. Apparently I can't subtract this early in the morning!
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Brendon just randomly follows people i think lol, i mean one day i came home and it was like
Thank You for coming out tonight!!! Let us know what you thought of our NEW upstairs! If the rain kept you in, see it tonight!
Well that's it. Thanks guys. We're out.
Charles is out on on leg 9, Troy starting leg 10, then me.
WARNING! This kid MIGHT be too cute for you. When I was 3, I would sing 'Take Me Out to the Ballgame' Things have change....
do you make hip hop beat
Lady Gaga sings "Born This Way" while coming out of an egg.
in Orange, Texas now ..
I want to have things too! :/
Dear Mitt Romney ~ While you're at it, why not blame President Obama for the moon controlling the tide.
Demi: "Goodnight! Keep it tight.." lmao
Hope to see everyone at Ogden Theatre for the Elephant Revival show tonight at 9 p.m.!
wth lol ": Twitter & Facebook addiction causes the same changes in the brain that are seen in cocaine addicts!"
Anybody feel like throwing a kegger at sybaris?
Every little thing reminds me of you no matter what i say no matter what i do.<3
Wow - Chris Wallace backed off that charity giving question to pretty quick.
Great to meet you this weekend! Have a good trip back! We'll be sure to send your "message" to :)
Thanks to PC followers! You make the world go round!
drakes written about 20 songs and suddenly hes more popular than MLK. e, i wouldnt be surprised if michael jackson came back from the dead
AbBA Happy New year!
locked up yet again..
Planted sun lovin' herbs and 2 pretty pots of sun lovin' annuals. The new bed is going to be shady.Long day.We hurt.
you just made cry.
Whose gonna take the Dunk contest???
Yes, I like tv.
Happy Hump day, my gf favorite day. Too bad she's not lying next to me to get humped on.
who wins AFC West this coming season?
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I HATE YOU MOM "
Wassup? Just trying to help people with their grind!
Joe Johnson is like breakfast at the airport..."Not bad, wait I paid how much?" No filler, no crunch, all empty calories.
What are you sad about? :(
Can ya please stop running pick and rolls with Joel.
I'd love one thank you! And grats!!!
wow! i'd keep playing if i were her, she's on a roll!
what?! Oh my gosh, so excited for you two!
Ha! You get what you pay for seems to be the only truly acceptable option!
"ML for the working programmer" is turning out to be a surprisingly excellent book, I was expecting good, but got more
person of interest
Bitches and theyre bullshit is the reason im mob for life
We should be done editing in about a week, and then it's off to sound design. Fun, but a lot of work.
Round of applause to the 13 million people who stood up - #PIPA and #SOPA are tabled 4 now.
I think it's time for A Tribe Called Quest binge
Bad news: SLR went kaput in NYC. Good news: there is a chocolate festival 2 blocks from our hotel in Rome. You win some, you lose some.
...good point....Since he's not technically employed by CBS, he may not face any discipline...stay tuned...
Playing east tomorrow bout to be awesome
don't give up
8 days until the are back in Milwaukee!
I just heard thunder! What a rare treat for the Bay Area! (Earlier, hail. But that was just weird and alarming).
#geekend #fa111 via super interesting discussions around privacy on the web. Thanks for getting the conversation going.
I should be in the dry cleaning business. $120 to clean a simple wedding dress?!?
Since 2002, 993 black journalists have been lost. In a word unacceptable.
I'm glad they got her muzzle trimmed down. She was getting a bit full-faced, rather than puppy-cut.
FINISHED with my reading
thank you :))
Congrats Demi Lovato and Britney Spears for OFFICIALLY becoming X Factor judges!
we shall see
I'm so glad its Friday (:
I'm downtown LA right now about to go to job training for my new job! Damn I haven't woke up this early in a while :P
i plus, i then sat through the most pathetic attempt I have seen in ages of a vendor trying to make money.
we win in the end though. It usually pays off... unless it wasn't meant to be :-(
#spc2012 Now Glynn Edwards on Stanford's Digital Archives Program. More great info. Productive Saturday morning! :)
yea, thought about one, but for a little more $ I can get a #ZaggSparq that will charge more than just my iPhone
Filming "Friends with kids" today in Brooklyn. Cast includes, Jon Hamm, Ed Burns and Megan Fox.
kurt warner is #1. Couldn't agree more honestly
madonnas feet was screaming in those boots!
When do you actually hit the road?
This weather matches my mood perfectly.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 17
happy halloween!
That hip thrust tho. shit it was so coordinated.
If a male has sex with another male, then they're not allowed to donate blood 'cause they think that gives them a higher risk of having HIV.
What is happening with all the packers getting injured?
Said it from the start, Clippers/Blake are gonna be an awful playoff team
We screwed up! We had a bug in a server update. Resulting in a key error and a broken page link. It will be fixed within the hour! SO SORRY!
Thanks for the kind words! -Ben
Glee's so good tonight!!!
blessing my brother, i just want to say you're awsome! thanks for all that you do.
"I never wear shoes because they make me fall down"
thanks for coming to the session. Great to speed network and meet at #WOMMA. Hope our paths cross again soon!
#evernoticed how slick people think they can be ...... Everything comes to light someway
Thanks for the words and your support!
#HardestThingToDo to not procrastinate
bitch I own swag
YES IT IS!!
haha , well check all the messages i sent to the poor kid and this one counts too! FOLLOW HERE ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
'Don't you know these things are cheaper if you let someone else do it?'
Come on now #Preds!
Plz follow me!! Ur amazing and u and selena are perfect for each other! cant wait for ur album #BELIEVE.. #MUCHLOVE <3 U
Need Heavyweight Paper for your business? Visit www.limitedpapers.com 4 all printable paper, custom stock sheets, custom paper size n more!
hahah nah I don't know. I think Thursday maybe
Name the date and we're there.
Up at the crack of dawn and heading on to Albuquerque this morning.
patients is a talent
Agreed. Nice job Matt.
No one ever said she was sane. I mean, dude, she collects cats like buffalo nickels.
"This is the best kind of voyeurism, hearing joy from your neighbors." *Chuck Sigars, The World According to Chuck weblog, October 14, 2003
That swollen feeling from crying a lot, it's starting to become natural again just like before. *sigh* I just want everything be good.
PowWow 2012 Tasking well underway! Cant wait to see everyone in Milwaukee!
RT : RT : S/O to , she'll be playing in the game June 2!, All of you StarLynn supporters, be there!
Baby you light up my world like nobody else the way that you flip your hair makes me overwhelm <3
For cos. to only set up or pay attention to SM channels ignores customers who aren't on it
can't wait for the brewskies. Congrats on graduation! #biggirl let's celebrate!
erin-hey.. do you wanna hear a joke? me- sure. erin- johnny went to buy icecream. then he died. me- well..alright hah.
none of you handled it correctly. you all blew it out of proportion. so take your little group and enjoy your concert.
Had two winners from yesterdays contest...stay tuned for your chance to win!
Just talking to people,you?
No problem! follow back? ;-] & please find us on facebook! & check out our latest jam "Carnival" recorded with
This Old Man Told Me He Like My Boots :-) !.
He looks hot, but does he make your heart stop when you're gettin' busy in his piece of shit car?
No, I still don't know where I went wrong.
Wrapping up an awesome day at with on the Main stage. Thanks to everyone who came out today.
Oh, ugh. Two new sets of LED net lights, both half-nonfunctional. Feeling a wee bit grinchly, I am. Luckily, I adore all the Grinch songs!
Congrats to on an awesome 1st weekend out with his E-Trac! 11 civil war bullets, $1.32 change & his first silver ring!
but, but...they're EMPTY....and sealed, so I know you didn't drink them (or you wouldn't have been able to reseal them so well).
Hoping that can save me from hair boredom tomorrow. Trick is, I'm a recovering tomboy, and not apt to do much styling...
What is your plan to fight back against the creditors?
Happy Mothers Dayy to ALL the GOOD Moms.... including mines! Love you mama :-)
#shopping One of my favorite things to do!! :-)
omg same with me...everytime I see cute couples I always look away and whisper ughh
Been slow around here lately, btwn day job, vacation & preparing for my own MFA show next month. Don't fret though, good stuff coming soon.
Great appearance by Lt. Cedric Daniels on always sunny tonight
The healing process is taking one step at a time
I feel like tonight's an awkward mix of "wow there's a lot of history in this park," and "aren't the cubbies as bad as the orioles?
5 hours til it's time for some Bird for dinner!!!
There are three things in life once gone never comeback: Time, Words and Opportunity
She was the best of friends, she was the worst of friends. She was a Dickens friend.
Im not crazy don't judge me ur jellous cuz I can talk to gummy bears and you cant haha in yo face xD
Thank you so much! Have a great night !
S/O to my new found best friend
Did you end up staying those extra 30 minutes? Lmfao!
I'm a beats then lyrics kinda girl. Just asking ur opinion of some songz. And I won't be on here bc I'm getting up at 4am
haha yeah when ever you want!
i know, i suck. i'm trying to get better about releasing things, but i fixate on certain things if they aren't right. :/
My boys are plucky underdogs. FYI changed team name to "Ibaka Therefore I Am."
and they have a TON of "likes"!
Who's left xfactor?
My Morning Jacket & Band of Horses in Chicago. Best news ever.
I am a VERY lucky girl
Hey cuz! Anytime. Do you have my number?
What's your favorite movie featuring a US President?
": Playin land mines with the boys :)" and two girls :)
sounds like a plan. thanks for replying
Glenda ... apt description vehement panting
RT : Congrats Taylor Ratliff, Chris Anderson, Alex Bacon and Austin Barrett. NCBWA Freshman All-American
Barbara Jacoby - Students should participate directly in the governance of courses.
Trying to put together a photo/video resources page for our site. I know you folks can try a bit harder in 2012 to have a decent website!
we've got thunder, lightning, wind & rain...
": You can’t lose what you never had, you can’t keep what’s not yours & you can’t hold on to someone who doesn’t want to stay."
#SEO tip: want multiple bots to crawl your new content -- tweet a link.
So it just means we'll be in New York this fall...
It's hot, right?
No matter how old I get, I'm still going to mentally sing the ABC's to see which letter comes next.
Then take drivers ed during the summer. XD
4$ #pzone pizza hut after class every monday.... I guess u can call it a routine
Better add comedian to your resume.
Beautiful half-volley from #Drogba, but to no avail.
thanks for peeking in on my blog! hope you'll come back soon and write or read along.
I get depressed by all injuries suffered by professional athletes; they're my livelihood;
CodeKit for Mac also uses the #picardfacepalm image in its crash-reporter screen.
Really #LOST? Your finale on a Sunday?
"Avatar" is on TV. How time flies.
Can you follow me ????? (: you always notice my bestfriend. and she really wants to skype with you.. (:
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our family and friends and acquaintances!!! We hope that you have lots to be thankful for this Thanksgiving.
This bitch is going to warped tour 2012
its on youtubee someone put it one
Going to Bed Now i hope everyone had a good day Sweet dreams C; Tweet my Zswaggerz Later
I'm thinking entirely further than Detroit at this point, which is not only good for my career but good for Detroit hip hop too.
Had fun today with , Haley , Dayton , Jacob , & Hunter
Anyone else discovering a newfound love of tennis?
You To Nicky...Love You
The usual reasons: business vs. labor, racism, strong dislike of government or just plain ignorance.
DeLeo says he met with Massport chief this morning to discuss agency's role in ferry service.
#IWishYouKnew How I really feel about you right now!
Then start cheering for better teams...
looking forward to 's revamped Food section :)
Everyone & their brother's complaining about the rainy spring we've had in Seattle (including myself) but remember last year? Pure misery!
"HEY! you know that kid that sells X?!" -
Baseball playoffs make me miss those lovely Frank TV commercials.
Friends, I won't have my phone on me for the weekend starting right meowww. Don't think I'm ignoring you. That is all~
*raises hand* happy to say I am!
dnt stunt like that wasnt ya jam.. stuntin really is a habit huh?
Thank you again for your hospitality! Also, I've read positive reviews for Blue Like Jazz so far. Looking fwd to seeing it.
You like him. You really like him!
yes, especially if it's albums that aren't normally free
My phone makes it impossible to do homework....Gah!
Holy shit it's already Thursday. Summer is coming fast.
RT If you can't wait for Summer. Follow Me!!!
Ewwwwwa.. At the pic someone sent in on starz!
I know he's gonna come out someday and I'm gonna date him
So glad that presentation isn't tomorrow. Gonna sleep forever now.
nice team defense by
The more patient you are the longer youll STAY on top take Your time youll get there on time-YOUNG.S
Pretty please? cc:
Update meeting with the development team of poised to change the face of #lincolnpark for years.
“Better than a thousand useless words is one single word that gives ☮ peace.”—The Dhammapada
Sinus infection and huge headache. Ready to go home and start my antibiotic.
Shacknai asks attorney general to review evidence of Rebecca Zahau's suicide; hopes independent review will satisfy skeptics
Friggin big time
Tweet Me #MARRYMEALEX and I'll RT make it trend guys(:
country music > any other type of music
Thanks for the follow, Ginnie. My wife just finished reading 's book #SisterCitizen. She enjoyed it.
call back
: get some meds/:
Do you ever count the money you get from an ATM or do you trust the bank? I never count but probably should.
I hope Wayne's OK. I wish him the best! All of MancUnia is holding it's collective breath for sure!
Good morning!! Cardio Thai box class tonight at 6. Burn the weekend calories away!
Huge headache
Love the sound of the singer of something about that tone. It's amazing. Skylar has an amazing tone.
SOFLO and my ownership of tomorrow.
I do really love you before, but everything change when i know who you are
Um, I've yet to have a hangover...
Interesting that I'm in Vegas and keep running into other nightlife people from LA on a Tuesday.
#ItGetsMeMadWhen I try to show you I care but you just shun me off lol OK
Cool, thanks! MT : getting shout-out from Kathy Feng for support of CA Citizens Redistricting commission at #SCG event
They're remaking Conan? That feels like cheating. I'm not sure how I feel about this, yet.
What was the best part about your weekend?
oh btw I need a sharp senior managerish level assistant controller role who wants straight public! Help!
Oh ya the la quinta is in smyrna tn
Off to sleep, catch you all tomorrow.
People mistake sex for love, money for brains, and Twitter for reality.
Thanks for the update! Already following Oroma!
A bright sunshiny day!!!
So fiesta tonight and rest tommorow.
Amazing! Thank you! But wow, am I sore. I think I caught the marathon bug, already thinking about number two. Any recs?
i'm really upset that your fans are being so rude to tiffany fans. and theyre bribing people to vote for you? guys cool it. thnx
Coaches who can outline plays on a black board are a dime a dozen. The ones who win get inside their player and motivate....Vince Lombard
The Universe of Keith Haring - great documentary and even better footage! If I was in NYC, I would see his show real fast.
Happy birthday I hope all your wishes come true and ur success gets bigger :) <3 can't wait for ur new stuff to come out <3
#ICantStandWhen You listen to he said she said BULLSHIT
Taxes suck
Dense fog
At Ed's waterfront run: Embarcadero edition. Running then beers!
Than you'll just have to watch me drink red.
"Give it to me!" she said, "I'm so fucking wet, give it to me now!" Fuck you, it's my umbrella!
sitting here looking at how lame my theme is on twitter haha i suck
Can't wait for Halloween to come back especially since I'll be at Purchase College next year with a bunch of art kids..
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.-- Albert Einstein
aw, thanks, miss you too. So proud of everything you're doing. Send my love to the family's (Sam & savannah & the Moto fam)
Foie terrine on the agenda today
lol I'm not fina play with you
Drop by after Bastille for a late night drink!! $3 powers $3 rumchata shots, and $5 sky cocktails! Petey Paul and Kyle tending bar! Party!
Can we start a music revolution!?!
We love it, and we know that you will, too. Give us a call at 317.251.9182 to schedule your appointment!
Iraq Veterans Against The War will return their medals on May 20 to protest
I did for like 10 min RT : I'm surprised I didn't land in Twitter Jail..
Care package from "The Easter Bunny Farm." Apparently, my mom still thinks I'm 5 years old...fine by me!
lol I'm just spreading the Whitney love
Damn my computer isn't working......
Thx for a GREAT season @
No one should ever talk shit about long distance relationships. If two people really love each other, distance shouldn't keep them apart.
Great got out of school to hear my mom bitch at me.
Why couldn't it have been on this month's cover of Time?!
when r u comeing to WWE
#LTBroadcasts "The contagious flare of revolution that has swept through the Portuguese colonies seems to have ended (5/8/31)
are you attending Bare Bones this weekend? Hope to see you there! I have two films that's playing tomorrow @ 3pm at Muskogee Lib.
Got prac early in the morning, then off to school, gotta do presentation. ARGHHHHHH!.
it's all, "I don't care how talented anyone is, all your songs suck"
well I was interested to see what folks would say. I feel the same way. The vote i cast represents my most authentic voice
Stardust', performed here by Louis Armstrong, is an American popular song composed in 1927 by Hoagy Carmichael... fb.me/LzacTO5q
Girl im feeling a story time coming on
Now following :-)
Are you at the shop today? Have you met Maria yet?
Hi there. I got a message saying I had to reply to stay in so I replied and got a "Sorry, but you were removed..." message
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become. - Buddha
Me too! RT I really want to watch Beauty and the Beast in HD.
Jaja i'ts fun to write your own book.
Just got home after a fun dinner at this surfer bar in Williamsburg! No to bed people ☺
The best time to make friends is before you need them. - Ether Barrymore
RT : Checked in with GOP Sen. DeKruif about Rosen challenge: Not decided, but "anticipating sometime next week making a decision"
My hair is getting on my nerves.
If we win my best friend and I are going to take our granddaughters to Florida. They are so cute. Take a look and vote.
Looking forward to speaking tonight
RT : RT GREAT insights on social media from by Conference Call University
For some reason when I think of and what he's doin tonight the song #birthdaysex plays over in my head... (;
Which #college #football team has the best tailgating fans?
Adios #AERA2012, I need to get back to UT-Austin to work on this dissertation. See yall in SF next year!
I hate my life.'yeah.! Thanks "DAD" for screaming at me @ 11 @ night just because I was promised to b home early n didn't. And gave an
I'm listening to "Make A Movie" by Twista
sorry Raj, just saw this. It was at the Fantasy Bowl tent. Hope you found it.
Such a hot southern Texas day.
Sixers-Celtics with Dick Stockton on the call. Feels like a Sunday afternoon in 1985.
#sschat I'm Kristen, an admin/teacher in Bucks County, PA
Still recovering from amazing fri nite!
JENNIFER MILAN just release a new single with Peas Michel from the fugees. Getting Huge in Europe
I think like an hour away c: ah, where were you before here?
Tomorrow is AHA's Health and Wellness Workgroup meeting. Join us at 11:30 at Lupita's Mexican Restaurant 11809 East Colfax !
justin and kelly
#ThingsPGKidsSay let me borrow a dollar so I can buy some cookies from. Mr. Hettinger.
Night twit fam.
another lil one?
wow...ME...with all caps even.
Garmin(R) Announces Expanded Aviation Charting Capability for Europe - MarketWatch (press release)
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness. - Napoleon Hill
Fan of ? Follow #inewsource. Data-driven journalism for the common good!
Proudly sporting my tote and just got told it was "tight" is a witness
I'm smilin & dialin today, gotta move them babies!
is reporting it too. :(
Getting ready to listen to stuart weibel at the iedge conference at uw
QOTD "Screw you, I'm buying space lasers." - Bill Maher
Hectic.Monday. audits going on all week. My team good.
Thanks to all the followers ! , ,
hahahahah, it was a joke.
I have not, but will remedy that ASAP!
Whoo! So glad you like it!! :)
Let me know you want to help out on a freebee comedy short tomorrow. Could use Gaffer or AC. Shooting on my #c300. 12-6 Short day :-)
BEFORE YOU DO IT WIT YA LOUD ASS RT“: I WILL ALREADY BE DEAD! DUMB ASZ!”
I made the shit out of this cup of coffee
Damn Can I Live?
Happy birthday x
where at down there
right? "where dreams come true!"
probably cuz u don't have opening acts. #askmadonna RT I worship you. Why won't you open up for one of my shows?
I can't fall asleep it 12 I have school tomorrow that bad!! Ah follow me :)
I promise I'm not a crazy cat lady though o.o I only love *my* cat.
Jen Newberry is performing at Emerald Queen Casino tonight in Tacoma off of EXIT 135 show is @ 9.30pm until 1.30am
It's funny how you're in a rush and you have the time to tweet this! LOL :p
Yeah well i didnt know who the reporter was!
Fonts HD will sell royalty-free text graphics and logos. Will be very affordable and in most cases... FREE shipping!
Wisconsin gained jobs in 2011: Department of Workforce Development Sec. Reggie Newson says Wisconsin added 23,000 jobs in 2011.
Nosebleeds... an unexpected side effect of pregnancy.
thanks for the follow! You girls are extremely talented! :)
Going to see this weekend in Indy!! Can't freaking wait. #chocolate ... best song ever.
blake shelton was amazing!! Hope he sings w miranda when she comes out in a min. It's all about tonight
Attend our Medical Weight Loss event & receive a FREE $20 coupon. Bring a friend & get another $10 coupon! RSVP now @ 412-681-6400
Stop by the store, grab a six pack of Lite, head home and stick 'em in the snowbank. It's Miller Time!
You are the sweetest!! THANKS!
Some dude thinks the world is gonna end-- RT: what happens on Saturday?
....and it looks like that the acting ball is rolling and rolling and filling me up more and more with opportunities and practice....
hope not- have friends who swear by it. also- Google hasn't added ads yet- when $ start rollin in from Google+ ads, it stays open
My two favorite players on the same team #whatadream #lebronandwade 💛💙💜💚❤
Physician Assistant Requirements Oklahoma - Financial Consulting ...
What Ha Weak Ass Want Now.!
I was happy all day until I got to work
I need to invest in a new desktop computer. Hell! I now have almost everything that is an apple product. I might as well get that too.
Use of Wireless Handsets to Text Message and Engage in other Forms of Communication While Driving
One word for and and it rhymes with smackers. :)
Oh haha(x : noo I'm at home? Lol
Foursquare is being dumb today :( it was supposed to say the I bumped into my friends Jonny & Crystal ... Silly app!!!
“: Wow this is a great game!!!” Can we see an clutch overtime from skyler diggens?
Come see as we Romp the House at this weekend in St. Louis.
Just got to Church :) God never lets us down!
yeah they're definitely not into making any phones without cameras anymore
Happy Cinco de Mayo.
At the Shout House celebrating birthday
i swear your tweets are amazing.. lololol
Love a Saturday filled with photoshoots! Park of Roses, some downtown action, excellent.
Need a new level? Buy levels with screws to manually adjust the vials, in case adjustments are necessary.
Yep, pedi voice is SO tough, esp for the lil ones. Do you use the adventures in voice program?
Its my turn now
you should of said something!! or atleast tackled me I would of recognised you
TODAY IS A EXTRA SPECIAL DAY IT'S MY BEST FRIEND MY SISTER MI AMOR MY LOSER AND MY DUCK AND PAPERDOLLS BDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY!!!
Your booth loos gorgeous!
I'll talk to P&G and see if they can come up with something that washes out glitter… and shame ;)
You know, if the Royals won, my day would get even better.
Hahaha it's so funny. :) LMFAO
Lego feet? Say what?
VIDEO: Real Housewives Talk Teresa&#39;s Cookbook and the &quot;New&quot; Pronunciation of Her Last Name
I tell u my boy has the juice good business today fam ! Money confirmed !
My sis & I met #Lindatrangdai for the first time. I am a fan of her since I was 5 & she looks & sounds great in person
Wow lol. Hey hey!!! how's it going?
Got The Next Nigga All Over Ha Clicc Damn You That Slow Think You Dumb Ass Nigga!
please please follow me?!?!
oh what I meant was the hand sign your making In Hawaii it's called a Shaka and means like what's up or aloha :)
Just read over last weeks wrote. Now time for
RT : Welcome to tonight's chat! You too and #smallbizchat I'm so excited and ON TIME!!!!
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Harold R. McAlindon
Congratulations to and on the news of baby number 3! :)
ancestry.com membership. Pretty cool.
Really? That's not even the top Chargers-related story of the day.
check out my very talented friend model + dj + artist.
thanks for encouragement. I need to wait for my IT guy (Carlos) to come home from DC.
Made a huge step today to help my personal future.
When you've done something to somebody and they won't talk to you about it. <<<<<
