make my following button blue?(:
happy to oblige
Ooh no! Ethan! You you Ah! There is a bunch of angry wild beasts coming RIGHT towards us! :O "Eyes get big" :O
you go for girls with looks, try looking deeper than what's on the outside
Tweet of the season. Classic. #GoTribe. RT Fuck it, I'm all in.
She's making jewelry now.
Currently thinking outside of the bun, Abby and I. I and Abby. TACO BELL.
The one man team is a complete and total myth. -- Don Shula
both were for the dog actually.
follow me?
Are all beautiful people really happy? What does Happy and Beautiful really look like? See post: www.giggling.blogdog.com
sorry, it was 3am so my fashionable judgement was probably off
There are so many pressures that are put upon young women. Whatever we can do to alleviate that . - Drew Barrymore
Street teams will be coming soon!
okay well I still don't get why hes not gonna play us at all??
Yup... crapped my pants.
it's freaky how much my history teacher/ varsity baseball coach looks like skip schumaker.... so creepy
That doesn't surprise me. My son is all over me for this on. He thinks he's being subtle.
Dang… The "intern" is schooling us here this morning.
that was my guess too!
So have you decided to do a photoethnography of desk art? It would be awesome!
Reserve your room for #SMILEcon NOW! Hotel rate expires tomorrow! www.TheSMILEconference.com
gotcha! I was RT another....
Ok best friend. Sweet dreams. I love you!! <33
back down a country road the girls are always hot, and the beer is ice cold
: thanx for following !
I am working on the late shoft today. Hopefully, the rain will stop when I have to leave for work
I got To Get KNOWN
S/O the Golden Corral lunch crowd.
Currently experiencing a fail. Hoping my non-returnable order which arrived in shambles can be replaced!
“How soon 'not now' becomes 'never'.” Martin Luther
KC is the Town...
Be the person that your dog thinks you are
I've found most DC food is good, but it's really hard to find great like you can in NYC or Chicago.
ACTUAL ALERT: RT : Major gas leak at McClintock and Hellman Way near Cromwell Field. Fire Dept on scene. Stay away from area.
Fuck this equality shit. No excuse for women acting like nasty men born in a barn yard. YUCK!!!
To all our fans who we consider our friends & family.....Be safe and Happy
Writing then...sleeping!
what a terrible friday.. :(
Cheering for my Wildcats!
And when we wrote this story, how did it end?
I’m learning to trust my instincts more. Verdict? Sometimes the F-bomb IS appropriate…always, always appropriate.
I have #carwashphobia... I need someone to ride my car through the carwash. Who's in!?
Really nice being back in the studio with
I FEEL BAD SIS WAT WE GONE DO NOW
Amazing stories of survival from the weekend #tornadoes coming up on the
this is true but DAMN DOG!
True story: today is National Coffee Day. Drink up!
The Hookup - University Daily Kansan
Feel free to invite friends as well.
Haha No, it was your mom's dog!! :-)
Awe,how cute. I love you dough!<3
And the 7th thing I hate the most that you do, you make me love you.
RT Stand By, Florida. Newt will explain to you why the media tricked you into doing the stupid thing you did.
can't wait to see you at the New England Fanfest and the HOF ! It will be an awesome time !
umm i will pass bye
OMG I JUST W4LKED INTO A HIGH SCHOOL PROM AND EVERY1 IS SO UGLY
No prob. Thank you for informing me of
":~ domain where the soul is said to live after the death of the body" I astral travel all the time. Anywhere anytime.:-)
Happy Monday everyone! What do you have planned for this week?
#fracking And SO few were cognizant of it & its multitude of dangers involved!
-_____- you look like a malnourished giraffe..
Chilling in the bed with a bra and underwear on.... #thatsthewaytogo :D
unlimited plan for $250; occasional plan at $9 per hr; 223 members; the economic impact on Cville...PRICELESS
true story
Omg yes! I got a free medium iced coffee coupon from Dunkin.
Podcast coming soon from the , & we'll lean on to share his slides! Dissertation fellowship project.
guess what my new ringtone is. d=
Less than a half hour til ari's live chat :D
Man, I would love to be in Disneyland right now. Who all are you with?
Wearing Tight Clothes And Pertending To Be Someone Your Not For Someone else
I want to die, never going to answer me
CAT O'NINE TAILS in 35mm & CABIN IN THE WOODS was a successful Friday the 13th
what a great way to think about 'rules'. I will use this! Thank you!!
Chicago bound with the hope that my new niece/nephew makes an appearance!
We hope you find the #motivation to have the best weekend!
Jayden playin wit his crayons so i ask him wat color r da crayons..he say red yellow blue green orange nd chocolate...lol he is hilarious
Blastin' music so loud that your house shakes..
Animal allergies
#PrayForClaire She just passed out.. She's not doing good... She is a coma like stage...
all movies end with marrage,dieing,or somebody getting the mann of they're dreams
I'll be ok
yes, just felt it at Union Station
well I'm going out lol you got my number?
i got that, but i want it more safe
He will be 'great success'! RT : Mislav Brzoja is going to try out for Kentucky? WHAT A COUNTRY!
Tornado Watch until 8 p.m. Ah, spring in the Ozarks, gotta love it.
SoCal I love you. U have big green hills and 2/3 of the radio stations are in Spanish
happy birthday/valentines day love!!
RT Words of wisdom: Until you have a couple hundred followers, never do original tweet without # or
can you follow back please :)
oh dang she looks scary there lol.
Goon squad bonding and me haa
Sometimes all the bad from your past clears the way for the best of your future.
That tends to be a side effect of attending the National Dog Show. The cutest side effect ever, that is!
they r about to make a comeback haha
TY for the mention
There's a couple like that in the earlier claims, finding de minimis copying where no one can prove students read it.
went to the #Avs game tonight and got to see the Avs better Halves and oh my god there all really pretty
Thanks so much for the #FF ♥ !
Can't sleep like whatsoever .
kicking it with you I hope! Go #nuggets lol
I'm seriously letting you go and not gonna let you try to come back. I'm really gonna try my best..
Happy Admin Pro day! Today is your day to shine! Lol
Assuming you mean writing papers and completing projects, then the answer is yes. Many folks have made commitments for school work.
Thursday sounds perfect! What class?
Hello ashtabula. Again.
someone once told me i looked liked a 12 year old. that was last year... hm.
Emil is touching down in California right about now! Which songs from Uncovered are YOU most excited to hear in their fully-produced form?
I think Jason Segel (minus 10 years) works at my gym.
Emotional roller coaster... Not good!
Why succaz swell up when a real nigga com around??? It's prolly an allergic reaction... HA!!!
RT : great service! Always have a blast with my crew on the #rooftop. It's all about the fried toter tots!...
Morning! Happy Friday!
Fun fact of the day: Slugs have 4 noses. What fun facts do you guys have?
Using the Whole Foods wifi to continue pecking away at neglected email queue while Alex meets with study tutor.
you can submit your own pics if you want.
Good morning everyone :)
Back to the grind..
Happy valentines day to EVERY female that sees this. You're all beautiful and should know you're special in your own ways. Single or not!
u got a dad named Alex?
#thingsIlove2Hear "what do you want for your birthday?"
I'm torn. I love you, but I might have to unfollow you. So sad.
I love lying in bed and listening to the rain.
My brother always blows things out of proportion.
what's on the agenda today black guy
that's coo go ahead
good morning twitter... I just updated my i-pod touch so it is good to go...
guys if I send Austin something to sign would he actually sign it and send it back?
#NowPlaying –Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Coldplay – Every Teardrop is a Waterfall (Swedish House Mafia Remix)
heard my alarm going off picked my phone up wondering why the snooze button didn't work cause I imaginary turned it off smh now that's tired
I'm bakin in the CC bottle! you're makin me so jealous!
No doubt about it, I've gotta get another hat!
Might be the next iron chef.
love it
what you mean what ones I only know one smith family fufu
hey!! I know!! I'm good.. yeah a couple. U?
So sweet, Linda! Darling little ones.
Melting faces tonight in Mounds View, MN
My name isn't that unusual but it is constantly misspelled/mispronounced. Its a pain. I wouldn't burden a kid with a weird name.
Thank you for the follow.
Great call on ! F Pittsburgh!
Alright kids, so who is going to startup Housebook?!
So I am on another adventure with God, stay tune
Man I hate typical females
#SuperBowl coin toss=#heads Fun fact: heads is heavier so it usually lands on tails about 51% of the time when people toss me.
presentations this Friday night!
great day to get out there and play some disc golf with your Mom! Happy Mother's Day from us at Bushwhack!
I am not working at Abercrombie. o.e
F.R.I.E.N.D.S: (F)ight for you. (R)espect you. (I)nvolve you. (E)ncourage you. (N)eed you. (D)eserve you. (S)ave you.....
I party tho n I got this good movie company
no negative thoughts...i just wanna have a good day today.
Doesn't look all that to me... :/ the avengers tho!!! :D looks dope!! Lol RT I can't wait to see The Dark Knight Rises. :]
You'll grow to love it if you stick with it.
Outlaw Deluxe Demo rel. with TED RUSSELL KAMP, after "Honky Tonk Happy Hour" with Matt Monta from 6 to 8!  Get up, get out, get to ZE HEAD!
Okay I'm a need twitter to get its shit together O_o
Follow me , please please , FOLLOW ME , FOLLOW ME , FOLLOW ME
“: I do it because I can. I can because I want to. I want to because you said I couldn't.”
I need food and bed! Hurry up Daniel
That $3.1 million in tax $$$ to DeMaio's think tank was to teach feds efficiency, which according to Republicans, didn't work out so great.
This video with Andre3000, Fonzworth Bentley, and Kanye West is a trip
play ball this your big bro#
yes you did
. Thanks for the update. I see you guys used pinnacle cart. How do you like this shopping cart? We using very often them.
REALLY? You'd follow two men of enormous integrity with a man with a, uhm, shadowy past? RT : Jim Tressel
Sending all my tweeps good vibes for a great day!
Absolutely!!! Friends are those rare people who ask how you are and then wait to hear the answer.-Unknown
User:SolbergYen497 - Salisbury University Math Dept Wiki
Thanks! Would love to have you demo
It would be cool if men could keep their misogyny to themselves in public so I don't have to hear them out themselves on the train
Spent the weekend fighting a little cold. Saw TINKER TAILOR SOLDIER....SNORE! Being sick & being single sucks.
Ladies Night! $5 Entry for ALL BETTIES! and DONT MISS VEGAS KNIGHTS TOMORROW FOR OUR NEW YEARS EVE BASH!
Sounds like a plan! Good to meet you!
WiniWalksRunway: Illiterate Lol TyreeTerrible: What is it called when you can't read or write?
Finally found the person who could make it happen. Her name is Lise Harwin and she totally gets it. More to come.
I'll be your bartender and will be our chef
Congrats to Oxy Soccer Player Andrew Larkin on being named All-SCIAC Golf!
That's how I do it. I love you girl <333
Komen is restoring funding to Planned Parenthood. Amended rule to not fund if they were found guilty after investigation, not just under it.
Those are all good points. I probably should have done a better job framing the advice in the context of survival
Five baby rabbits still alive; four dead, two we can't find in the nest. Hold on, little bunnies!
#GOLF -- UTOPIA WOULD LIKE TO PERSONALLY THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING OUR FILM
Got two tickets, one for wheels directed the wrong way...thanks SanFran. The Mass plates didn't indicate that we're broke?
'if you're homeless, you never feel safe' - interview with client discussing support services and housing through SD County
I agree w/you about NFL 'dying', but your logic is off. You arguing whether boxing popular/not & why. What matters: THINGS CHANGE
Had another session with Patron Saint, this show is gonna be ridiculous that's all I can say
Good Sunday enjoying the nice weather in Chicago.
#YouveDoneItToo eat something off the ground.
No worries. It's exciting. Bigger and better next Season!
And thank you and for the experience!!! You guys rock harder than stones! See you at pride!!
Clarification: fuck Mac miller. He's straight trash
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there. Especially the ones doing it by themselves
I just pretended to die in front of my dog, and the dood just sat there looking at me like i'm some person from the looney bin.
"Let's do it for the dinosaurs!"
"Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick"
GOOD AFTERNOON
one more week, but in total I'll have been here a month. It's been so excellent :)
I would eat the shit out of a penguin!
Busy day with student media projects in Horticulture and Family Social Sciences..looking forward to it!
Breakfast of Champions!
And eating a grapefruit a day for a week, heals heel spurs!
Retweet if you love Keenan and kel..... And orange soda :)
At the eye doc on the sunniest day of the year. I anticipate visual challenges.
im so none Memphis.
I look so young wen I wear my real hair.
the night is long ;)
see the work we do with parents and teachers on the ground before passing judgment
I love venting to 
Team Fried Rice???? I'm in! haha RT dear fried rice, i thank you and i love you.
XMAS IN SPRING! The joy in watching Barcelona lose for the 3rd time! En casa cabron! AHAHAHA! Bandwagoner team down!
Reporter tweeted that Marlins have a lot of those & they're playing RT : Look at all empty courtside seats in Miami. What a joke.
manager said she'll be sending the app around 4pm today. If I don't get accepted I'm going to kill myself. When do u get to move in?
thank you for following us
I don't feel good!
Yay! I'm writing a story for myself
SHE SAY MA LEATHER SO SOFT!!!!!
panty dropping? ? I dunno!
Thank you all for the love and well wishes,we are finally home with Ava.Jonathan has been the most amazing Husband and Daddy!
We are alive. So live!
Special thanks to Chris (), GM of Harbor House for the behind-the-scenes & kitchen tour event last night!
: who is this anyway?
Awesome and so true
I Love Louis :)
how you guys do mate!?
BASEMENT!!! : Cool! I'll be back from NYC june 2. it's goin DOWN
Stuck at work and all I can think about is how I should be practicing for next week's show...
I have a problem remembering names but I hardly ever forget a face
Which duchess famously wore a diamond encrusted flamingo brooch? Find out w/ Rachel as she tours the Cartier Exhibit. Sat (2/20/10) @ 5:30pm
Bout to eat dinner! #Steak!
Be grateful for luck. Pay the thunder no mind - listen to the birds. And don't hate nobody. Eubie Blake
haha night night!
As a lighting designer I'm dying to be in the room more, not less. Worked at Spoleto this year - you were great.
Our soup today is "Unstuffed" Pepper; Ohio sausage, rice, tomatoes, red and green bell peppers and garlic.
when i see new pictures of justin: "i see london, i see china, i have one very happy vagina" it's true tho
fabulous!! smiles Merry Christmans & Happy New Year!!
Our necessities never equal our wants. - Benjamin Franklin
Define your impact on business: “the specific measurable performance indicators that relate to strategy & goals of the enterprise"
Ready for ending Keynote, been an awesome
Who you have on your career and life buses are so important. So blessed to know such amazing beings.
You don't look like a "bad bitch". You just look bad, bitch.
Already saw three people I know (despite it being a Friday) just on the way to the CS lab.
Most likely.
Today is Tuesday and I better go to sleep so I can get up and show these young ladies their new home
We have the 2008 Catherine et Pierre Breton Cabernet Franc by the glass now!!
Havin big ass ten thousand dollar rims on a busted up shit ass ride #thataintwinning !!!!!!!!!!!
location is a little ghetto tho (tiny bit)
Man just killed it with his previous tweet. (and I don't apologize for the shitty joke)
Don't call me Nancy.
My hands itchin of winning a future knicks bet ...Lls.
RT : Is there anything NYT readers love more than a yoga scandal? Yes, preschool admission stories.
Ok 10 questions...
I would appreciate a ride to work right now...in a boat.
you are a class act!
Do you even have to ask;-) RT : Is it niggerish that my basement smells like GRAPE POP? Lmbo
Made it to Craig, Colorado. It's getting chilly!
It involves FEEDING? RT : In honor of Shark Week, I have an idea. It involves the cast of the Bachelorette. And sharks.
something bout a pinhole beside the battery, holding cap/lock/delete? Or something like that..
Thanks for following Jeff! :)
Always look forward to your picks -
I love your music! :D
got it where did u get dat pic lol :)
it's gonna be fun. And I can't wait for four square
Great presentation by Prof plascencia from Arizona shows employer sanction laws are a sham-only workers are arrested through these laws.
Thank you for the support tonight!!
Alone... so alone. But really- I just got a Droid and love it. Maybe you should switch? ;)
yeah man it was great gettin to build for a sec, when i get back from new orleans i'm def sending stuff your way
black so they match my belt
THANK YOU to our wonderful attendees for sharing your ideas and insight!!!
Day 3 of my shakeology cleanse, lost 8.3 pounds, I can't believe it!
did you just say that "BBQ is ass in Austin?" I've never seen anyone say that in public before!
While working on the Villarreal story, we noticed something strange about a setup involving another area spokesperson.
For about 2 more years maybe even 4, i'll still be bullying them! Ha! Plus y'all gotta start calling the And-1 carries they do!
some days napping beats homework, most days napping beats homework
Christian i wish your mom a super happy mothers day! she is a greate mom! she is a role model! i love youu
Peyton Place. Waiting for the ink to dry before celebrating. Now Colts fans can dislike Denver as much as Browns fans. Super Bowl XLVII?
Probably because your mouth is opened on your twitter pic lol
Stop beng so charming all the time
Omg I Think I remember that!!
No pain no gain....but then no pain is sort of gain in itself right?
RT : RT : In Salt Lake City for the NCC/NRC race directors summit. Lots of great info! Thanks, guys!
WOW JUST COMPLETED 5 SETS OF DEADLIFTS, I HOPE I CAN MOVE TOMORROW! SO OLD SCHOOL BUT SO EFFECTIVE! KOR STRENGTH!!!
Casey Hayward.
haha, so wait...it said Daniel Radcliff is taking an archaeology class...is he in our #ANP203 course?!
whats going on... I was listening to bone thugs last week and remembered you were the first one bumping it in p.a.
Leinart to Oakland? so Palmer, Pryor & Leinart are Raiders? Interesting.
You teach and lead by who you are, sometimes by what you do, and seldom by what you say. ~Ric Belda
amen sista. what happened?
I smell of celery.
Spending time with you, friends and family >> making money and everything
Its weird to think that I grew up w Degrassi that had "Jimmy" and kids growin up now will only know "Drake" as a rapper. Kinda crazy. Lol XD
indianapolis,Indiana wbu
#ThisSummerImTryna get my own place
you're not missing anything...it's horrible
Nice! I deleted mine but it would compute times to plant based on my schedule to maximize $ and experience.
Nope, that's fine. If you want it to be really easy, have each person edit their own page. Can all be in the same wiki.
I should seriously market an energy drink called "Donkey Punch". Works on so many levels.
Stoked as shit to begin working on new jams with tomorrow!
Busy morning--blood drawn for lab work--at eye doctor now--getting old! Today is my son Ashley's 31st birthday--proud of a great son!!
really is following u?! You're so lucky!
thanks for the support and follow timmy costco is that super savings store that you have to love and check out
“: u always seem to amaze me bro #happyfathersday” thanks Homie gotta stay on it!!!
i know! he never wrote me back though :)
": My nigga coming thru next weekend. We just might hit the relays one time." We in there cuz
I was planning on it! But you're not coming to Pittsburgh this summer :( eventually...did you see the other ones?
why am I not there?
Is it bad when i have to charge my phone 3 times within 10 hours?? :/
Thank you & ! Just a few week's time, y'all
I love you man. Best man on any ESPN! I'm stationed in Louisiana. Barksdale, AFB! you should bring the show down there! :)
Yes. I did run in like a SWAT team. I rushed in to rescue the cookie. And I did. So I'm a hero. Er...of sorts. :P
haha, that's right! :)
I, the Uni, and the band, wish we could have come to Cop. I look fwd to meeting you sometime soon. Know it will happen!
what qualifies an album to the wall @ your house? We always struggle with what to display...
State of the art.
Cannot wait to go to college.
hello there! I'm always looking to follow interesting ppl who are also pursuing their dreams! So yay to you too! :)
QUOTE - "Confidence is what you have before you really understand the problem." Woody Allen.
How in the world is my #BBNFam I haven't been on here in a few days! Hope all is well!
Nash said he would consider going to the Heat if the Suns don't improve over the off season. He's a free agent
Autotune is a guitar talk box.
Welcome back from the long weekend - come join our 630pm adult fitness class to burn some extra calories!
Thanks Nick-it was great meeting you today! Look forward to seeing you !
what movie did u girls get after all
I cried...... That shit hurt!!! She didn't even count :(
awww i dont know that is really odd maybe its in select theatre or something or maybe in certain areas either way idk
feeling like im gonna pass out because im over-heating, but its not even hot in my room :(
Programmers say "goto considered harmful". Psychologists says "comparison considered harmful."
Awesome! Thank you.. I Love My Authors
Best autocorrect text of the day goes to for."Guzman!"
Dear Sweats... its time for us to break up #MAYY <3
GOOD MORNING did u get the picture I sent u?!?
The new #single is about to premiere on #tblms after this local music lunch w/ Jake McKelvie
WE HAVE THOSE GRIFFEY'S THAT COMER OUT THURSDAY CALL US IF YOU NEED A PAIR RESERVED (502)448-9193
Lou pump with a jerkoff layup attempt and a one legged, leaning 3 with no one under
hey :D
Gearing up for Saturday here I'd ask you to wish us luck.... But we've already got this locked down :)
The girl who won the Jeopardy Teen Tournament today was so wacky. I was cracking up the whole show and I lost it when she won.
The Doosh has often been Collected Unconscious
I don't even know what it is?! Make sure to post a link to your story, would love to check it out!
LA LA LA LA
Beating the world's deadliest viral villains
might read a bit alongside? Keep me in the loop! claudia mentioned her book on FB so had to buy it, obvi.
Anyone know who some of the people are in the Brewers "Cowboy" picture from last season?
Watched part of the funeral procession for fallen APD Officer Jaime Padron. Thank you for your service Officer Padron and God Bless. R.I.P.
DMing you now
Our fave punk band The Formics will play the Milwaukee Battle of the Bands on May 27th at the ! They put on a hell of a show!
Need A Radio Single? Tired of sounding like everybody else? Go 2 www.lumbajackproductions.com to hear some demo ideas for you next project!
Hiking The High Line « Stories My Suitcase Could Tell
yea I'm not makin it, traffic sux, I won't bother you like this again.
For me, a great story begins with a great character to whom I can relate. After that, it’s all just details.
RT thanks for the follow! Music can change the world!!
I really hate when people ask when I'm going to get engaged. Like I'm going to know before? Or like I get to decide? Ugh.
and/or like you. :-)
DJ s r wck tonite at marquee. Mcluvin it.
Great. Make sure you hang out during/after credits. There are 2 things to see. You ready for Game 6 tonight?
damn i would if i was there
#ToughMudder WI was awesome today. A challenge only a Mudder could love. I'll be there next year.
#WFUD12 Poetry is the most "bodily" of all the arts. "The medium is the audience's body"—not the actor or the reader.
Happy mothers day :)
Thanks for your interest! If you have any questions about #acupuncture and #ShivaNata, ask me anytime. :)
calling out are we? He loves tim tebow more than his own children...
tonight's the night for !!
Pretty much guaranteed, any sentence that starts with "Fuck it" ends with a brilliant decision.
#FF thanks and welcomes aboard new follow Move your way!
is it the achievement gap that generates passion?
Love Avery Bradley, love him. Lets go Celtics !
I want a copy of that!
not if ur willing to share
Libros is taking a schmiesta today, gathering energy to open for tomorrow's CicLAvia!
A HUGE HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO BEVERLY! and thanks for giving a great gift to PAWS SAN DIEGO! on your special day..YOU ROCK!
thick lizard fat bitch
Let's go KOBE don't play with yo food and eat these NUGGETS
Just Watched #STARE. I dig your style. Great job on the video! I would love to work with you sometime!
Happy 10th anniversary to the Allen Iverson "practice" rant. Not a game, not a game, we talkin' bout practice! I miss AI
hey biotch, spambot, you're #BLOCKED!
S/o to for da follow ya heard meh
Surfin the net 2day reminded me of my Army days in the field in my jeep blackout drive no nightvision goggles.
Happy Sunday -- hope you're enjoying your day =)
NEVER MIND I'LL FIND SOMEONE LIKE YOU lol jk i never had someone bye.
10 peopletagged over 1 hour! By the way, there is only one lane open, not 4!
its ok bby i still love you
Katrina Vandenberg ends a poem that swirls around the letter m: "I think of books as milk from other animals"
Hm... so maybe I'm looking at this as skinning, as opposed to theming?
Deborah is off to teach “Planning Successful Events and Galas in Challenging Times” at Biz Bash Chicago, Thursday morning.
congrats ! You've won the Heart Pendant from Iced Orchid & elf Brush Set
Europeans think we're CRAZY.
It's going to be Janoris Jenkins in about five hours
create action button shape
I can decide if two cats are mating outside or if they're fighting!
I know
Dexter is good but boardwalk empire is the best best best !!!!
learn something new about black history this month no matter what your race is...
What the convo looking like? Who up?
Suppost to get a new phone. Step dad said blackberry tourch. I got excited..then mom said shes getting it and I can have hers? NO!
Shot out to for staying on his music grind.
Oh my gosh, i got the perfect idea. Heheh first day of school 8th grade?! :) Or no.
The rich worry about who is trying to steal their money, and the non-rich worry about not having enough money. We must get rid of money.
Yeah he smashed
ayyy que cute you guys are having a moment!! =D Bueno!
Very excited- just did my interview with Marla Tabaka from INC Magazine for the article I will be in on Monday.
Id like to punch my doctor.
okaay! Do it right now:P
I just ate at Pembroke Pines.
Our awesome #Fridays bartenders are pouring $2 domestic drafts and $4 #highballs all day long. Why not stop by and say hi?
Never have I ever been more jealous.
Put a 'Ross for Sheriff' SIGN UP and SIGN UP to volunteer this wknd! Call (415) 609-4222 or
It is exclusively showing at currently. You are going to have to make the trip to Roosevelt Island!
Thanks for your excellent presentation today at !
escuchando justin bieber + facebook +chat+twitter = to much fan ¿? jaja
Can ya go to yallwire and vote for Keith Moody it's number # 4 right now and my dear freind Jamie Jean shot & directed the video!!
I think he might be on to something! RT Sometimes I think these Kardashians are just doing stuff for the attention.
She be dancin for them dollas!
Hot cocoa + chocolate liqueur = so much goodness
when u making it seem like u the mature one. grow up why don't u?
Let me record your next album.
lets talk about this later in first hour . did my lb get in a fight ?
Me too! MT : I fav tweets w/ links, to read later. It's the easiest way to keep track of them. Is that odd? Is there a better way?
jeremy's iron
who cares is Fucking slash isn't in the band.... GNR is amazing and better now.
Baron u suck man.
Pour sum henny on them niggasz .
17th century docs have convinced me to list beliefs as "ye Catholick religion." Nice consonants there.
I LOVE YOU
Ever seen me mad? I don't think you want to.
oh don't I know it, from the desk here at KPTV. We're juggling live shots heah.
Do me right. You know what I like
I did! Will respond back come the A.M. with a few humorous coincidences!
MY BLACKBERRY SUCKS! On a brighter note, CSC Fest is this Saturday at The Crofoot! Who will we be seeing?!
Found a few amazing jobs to apply to... too bad I have so many papers to write :o/
That is a very appealing offer. Driving thru the Dolomites maybe. Unfortunatelty I live in the middle of the USA. Little Rock.
she will have to have a operation next time though
I'm bout to take some pics of me
Up up up up.
you know you like it towel boy.....haha
haha.i will have to decide which child to bring since I cant control both in public. 11:30 sounds good
Follow for updates on new educational film about boys' development in cultural landscapes that privilege hypermasculinity
is so cute at #NNNAwards !! She is such a diva!! Love it!
dragged my ass out in the middle if my sleep.
You aren't bad looking! So shush that mouth! lol Or at least the fingers. xD Your talking amuses me.
You're amazing and seem like such a down-to-earth person. I love you <3 You're my inspiration.
how lovely the fragrance of the Juniper Eucalyptus Wreath hung from the foot of the antique iron guest bed
Got Smoke - from the AZ fires? Ask me about #Pella's Designer Series w/ triple-pane glass. (505) 918-6339 or
#SexualPickUpLines Hi my name is Blake Griffin c;
Thanks for the RT!
Tweet or learn in school I think
you are such a sweet precious princess
Phil cares. We all care.
please follow me I love your videos!!!!!!!!:)
Tomorow morning marks the last walk to 8 o'clock class with and sad day in brescia history
mane dang OK gribble mane
If all you are doing is upgrading a product then that's not project management. Find the business value first it gives the upgrade meaning.
really good u(:
If loving you is wrong..I dnt wanna be right<3
RT : #Huawei’s enterprise IP telephony business grew 76% in 2011. Number of port shipments not disclosed in John Roese's...
Animal abuse registry fails in committee 9-3....
Have an extra ticket to the Opening Night of GLEAM tonight at 7 pm at ... who wants to be my date?
I get annoyed so easily by some things
:D ": The average bra size today is 36C. Ten years ago it was 34B."
I appreciate the exception ;)
I wonder how many couples broke up after watching Midnight in Paris. I'm hoping in the hundreds.
So ... got your tree up yet?! - Theresa Lucas
Follow student and journalist
Screw Josh Brolin. Worst part of SNL
Highest temperatures of the year? Well, alright then.
that one ex that you constantly think about...
no you didn't
Thought you weren't giving Sarver your dough anymore?
Thank so much, Ryan! :o)
Awww!! Right back at ya ;)
Who would you rather keep in FF, Lance MOore, TO or Nate Washington? Pick 2 to keep...
what is up to since he finished with ?
phil taylor just engulfed michael vick
Hey Colonials!!!!!! Just a reminder there is NO practice today....we will see you on Thursday!!! Enjoy your night off!
Well, renal nutrition therapy is on my mind tonight. Never procrastinated this much in college.. ever.
dats something i gotta work on alot or start improvin cause i so need help wit dat n ALOT!!!
Big thanks to & attendees for a great #casesmc!
I just realized I'm high maintenance compared to most people... Feel sorry for the hubby.
Wow, great find!! I'm sure you'll be writing about this one.
that's one of my best drawings I just sent you!
Scones and coffee.
RT : #Salon Quote ~People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big #smile. ~Lee Mildon
People behind me are talking about poop..
Remarks by the Secretary of Foreign Affairs: Common Challenges, New Developments in the PHL-U.S. alliance, May 2, 2012
unsubscribed to your podcast today. Saw was guest. Full of hate, wanting Rush to catch fire. Really not funny.
#offline going in
i wanna meet you too(: i voted for you the whole way on the XFactor you were my favorite. are you going to be making a cd?
Open Mic tonight at Fatso's Pizza. Rock on!
Spenttime last night in Holton,In delivering 2 truck loads of items for tornado victims. We are truly #Blessed. Thanks 2 my leadership class
yay two show days ;) see you soon
I miss the way we used to laugh, and to be honest since you've left I haven't laughed quite like that.
always felt that tos was to campy *Ducks*
Just texting 's little brother 😂❤👲
That big #MegaMillions jackpot has given many a serious exericse in #trust especially when it comes to #office and
Yeah, so, there are four 5th grade girls sleeping at my house tonight and they show no signs of being sleepy. Where is my Calgon???
It's ok to talk to your houseplants/pets etc. but it's not ok if you think they're talkin back!..I'm not good w/PICKANESE language any howl!
and apparently that was a short wait. At least I had great company.
Pigs Get Fat. Hogs get Slaughtered.
Excited about putting together campaigns for new clients this week, moving into providing services for H.R. departments/professionals.
Detroit ... The motor city!
I don't care. Gawdddd.
Sure, we can talk about it. How are you?
The moment where you sit down in a public restroom and your feet don't touch the floor
I want a mexican stand-off between #RonPaul and
O yay! I'm going to try it! #Google #Drive is finally here!
“ We self destructed tonight. Gotta get back in form. #skcnation”
..criminal dinamic, view points aka opinions, or even a breif "sigh" of resignation..they all warrent a modicum of our respect..they carve
Am I the only one that thought George W. Bush was trending because he was dead or hurt?
perfect timing! Nice cool-off for the run back :)
Another show this week at on RV park. I am thinking my "mobile home" jokes will go over pretty well there.
haha of course! ;p
is wishing she were still at the beach!
Shooting some HD promos with Lefty Perez, Eddie Santiago and Ray Ruiz...
Who doesn't need a little CARAMEL MUDSLIDE in their life?
it was free from all mail receptacles. but very fragrant.
Happy Nutcracker Season!
My entire class is at a review session, I'm at home looking at pictures of one direction//hyperventilating.
Hey #Boston friends - has anyone ever tried thinking of giving it a try
To folks tweeting #CBIadhere, thanks from one not able to make it this year. , , etc.
Your my only shorty!
These next 2 weeks are going to seem like 2 years...
omg that's sick!!!!!
Watching the Hopkins/Dawson fight, I'm reminded yet again why mixed martial arts LONG AGO surpassed boxing.
: we need to democratize access not just to archives but to scholarly interpretations thereof
Rick Scott--the budget you signed last year relied on billions in federal stimulus & $900 million of middle class tax hikes from prior year.
exactly and the better you feel and the less you worry the more girls come to you trynna get at you its weird af lolz
And of course, let us know if we can help. Are you researching waiver laws across the country or is it state-specific?
we are trying to contact you back regarding your DM that you sent us.
u aint hungry? o.O wtf,that's new? what happen.. <33
the ring being too big<<< lol
Well sorry heat.. I'm fucked up goodnight!! Struggle bus is Picken me up at 7
Can I cover everything in hollandaise sauce?
Check out... (Extra-fancy rewards system for the finest locally-owned businesses in Portland.)
Excited to run tomorrow at Race for Hope DC 5K 8 years ago, 100 lbs heavier I wouldn't have thought it was possible.
ugh I was too... that game!
So #30Rock made Tracy Morgan awfully sub par on stage.
I cried when I saw my name in the Coast To Coast EP.
Life is so great you just never know where you are going to find love or when you do find love what incredible things it will bring you
Woohoo! I might need some further inspiration at the end of the month but as of now, I'm pumped!
- Instagram is amazing ~ we should all be like you and share moments like this!! Until the next time.
And now my uverse is taking forever to load. Thank you God. I really didn't wanna watch the HAWKS in overtime.
You complain too much
the good side to snow: we can wear our new Christmas jackets and try out the Christmas sleds. Drive safe :-)
loving Sarah Gregory, very nice!
Windows are open, DJ is on the decks, now let's enjoy this great weather and head down to Belmont !
is expensive it is 18 karat gold. 600$ to make it like that. Call us at 1-888-6-FIX-IPHONE if any questions
1.I didn't know she was underage!
on Jan 20th is gonna be da best day of my life!! 
I'm still not drunk. Houston we have a problem.
u need 2 get on the vo
I Dont Consider Myself Bad, That's Lil Girl Talk. Gorgeous is Better.
GOP is driving the economy into a ditch - scaring markets and forcing austerity too soon. Then they blame Obama for it. Brilliant & evil
we'd love to co-host a #Grenacheday event in DC! Let us know!
Good Morning!! ☀....shower time!
Ok time to get up...going to my gmom house today....love family time
yes lunch sounds good:-)
=O the things we do for love...
Out of the Norwegian PLO. Had A-A-9-3 all-in pre vs K-K-Q-J. King on the river and good night!
I love everybody.... unless I'm driving. Then I hate you all. Jerks.
I'm really gonna try to work in the Aaron Rodgers touchdown dance into my workday today. You should too.
still awake!!!
my pinky falling asleep >_<
Greta van invited them
The "Green Zone" for Radio is Scotland Yard Pub. All welcome. Any company, station, shift. "Love you, love your show" is all you need say
What difference is it to you? You're so morally and creatively bankrupt you can't even afford the tic.
January blues put in perspective. RT : #darfur at new years: looting, abducting, pillaging, bombing. all in a days work.
Sick again ugh...omg i just realizd tomarrows new years eve omg were have i been lol
All good options... do you need any beer suggestions?
Watching #americanidol with my love
It'll be a nice economic boost for that region.
Thanks for your tweet! So nice to feel appreciated! xo
"Which one's Amy? The pretty one?" "Rory, what's wrong?"
ha! What? 10 pin or candle-pin?
Last week, 9 fathers learned about how their emotions impact others in our FACT program. This week we are talking about child development
so sweet you two!
that's much betterer (if betterer is a word)
Happy Birthday from Colorado!
#iReallyHateWhen i text al this long paragraph and all u say is "k" & "lol"
YES, AND [!] I think you're great!
Actually, folks loved Arizona long before A/C (although admittedly on a smaller scale).
Download Actsophia Lite on your iPhone get 72hrs of FULL ACCESS including daily casting updates and 30+ other features for free - Try today!
Did you know? Open rates on text messages average 90-95%. We were amazed at that statistic, too.
congrats to Alfred K. Potter, Welde Cox Achievement Award honoree
lol well that's gonna be something to try! Hey follow back btw!
Please introduce me to your cute friend. Thanks. :).
Are you looking for an #apartment close to Dinkytown? Look no further, Thomas Place if just what you need! 612-703-RENT
FB Friends: Twitter handle call! A follow for a follow, por favor!
The commercial with the talking muffins is the creepiest things I've ever seen
I heard Luke Bryan was calling your name
basically if everything isn't such a process of jumping through hoops to see account, then I wouldn't be looking @ other bank offers
Looking forward to the session on engaging online discussion forums. #highered nice! Sweet, they're using
Music to our ears
The average human brain has about 100 billion nerve cells.
YOU BEAT to the link. FTW! ;)
DeSylva, Lew Brown, and Ray HendersonSong from the Musical 'Good News'
Seven years after Hurricane Katrina, University of New Orleans hoops still trying to find firm footing
Of course, this was after I was released from a jail cell that was made out of Legos. For being Hispanic.
Excellent! Finally, something worth following on #twitter - !!!
call the shuttle!
So, goodnight and stuff. :3
Well put! RT : "The McRib": for people who have no interest in meeting their grandkids.
A good leader inspires people to have confidence in the leader, a great leader inspires people to have confidence in themselves.
Be #thankful for real-life #guardianangels for it is their good works that are often unseen.
I tend to agree with you. Great idea to use leftover juice from canned fruit! Also more readily available than coke in my house.
I make my lasagna with zucchini instead of pasta noodles. Totally delicious.
We Need To Get To 1000 Followers ASAP, When We Reach Our Goal We Will Raffle Off a $300 Fully Themed PhotoShoot. So Tell a Friend.
so when you ask "is something wrong?", i think "you're damn right there is but we can't talk about it now."
Watching Paranormal Activity I'm the dark. :)
I really dont watch any sports at all, i dont even play sports i go to the gym thoe ? but only to stare a hoes in the treadmill
mature folks like mee :D
Going to #CampaignTech conf? So are we – be on the lookout for , &
RT: wth has he been to Gma house<--- idk he may have been there
Oh, #Milwaukee! You know you've been waiting for it - it's $5 martini day! Any regular or specialty martini for just five dollars.
I wanna stay here all night ♥
Congratulations to for 15 great years of inspiring a #GradNation! Here's to 15 more! :)
it was huge and one was on my chin!!!
Its pointless to sit around & dream about things that could never happen.. when you can just wake up & make things happen. Happy Friday!
the thunder is not real windy out raining pretty hard
AA ain't nobody got time for that
Rapper T.I. is back in prison. Sorry Clifford Harris, locked behind bars is where you belong.
Thanks you rock as always..
thank you :-) glad you are learning new ways to connect
Deadly hit and run crash at NE 91st and Sandy in Portland. Police looking for tan or brown SUV or van, with damage to its front.
this happened near where I grew up...it's disgusting that cops attys blame victim
Good Night Muni Kids... Gotta be up early.
YAY!! RT Off to brunch with bestie and then shopping with mom
Have you googled yourself lately?
That bike has brought nothing but trouble it seems. Glad you are ok
what are you doing? imissyou so much!
Side note, the whole quit smoking thing - gonna have to try harder next time....
Here's an appreciation tweet to the guy who just installed our new washing machine.
www.ministryofideas.is is a venue for people from around the world to get together and have their saying in the future of Iceland
My bro: some guy wants me to be in his band! Me: Yeah and just tweeted me! Like that will ever happen!! Love ya chachi<3
Cool! I'll work on it. THATCamp should be everywhere!
happy Wine Wednesday! What will you be drinking tonight von Strasser?
thank you(: I appreciate it
“: Ever since I had Chipotle, I've been feenin lbs.”>>>>>>>> I love Chipotle!!!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand is this single life :( i would love to go on a date like right now !!
Towson vs. Penn St. tonight at TU. Salisbury @ Stevenson underway in D3 showdown. Hopkins v MD - looking like a classic! - Bulldog
Don't miss the new projector in the front bar Makes you feel like you're courtside while watching our #NYKnicks Tomorrow vs Kings!
Why bother making Twitter lists when I can follow most of 's lists! Ha, ha, thank you, Laura.
Thanks, sir! Mighty kind!
Hi Eric interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how ur clients are perceived Follow 2 DM?
The Chargers-Giants game was memorable for the snowballs, but primarily the Chargers' grit.
": Short Advent message rocked this AM #dowork #sorryaboutyourtarheels" seems like u figured it out! I do what I can
regrets collect like old friends.
What did the dinosaur say when the Volcano erupted? What a lava-ly day!!
I think want a new face.
congrats on getting the 9am over the air slot on 540, can't wait for it!
It annoys me that almost everyone annoys me.
Sounds good. Bon appetit! RT : Cooking some chicken wings :)
Our courts are not adequately funded. The cost of slow justice for business adds billions of unnecessary legal fees to our products. .
I would like to know how are they now?
The only info we have is the photographer's notes, which usually are just date and place of photo. Sorry!
10-4!! “: Packer Nation, and I are dancing LAST tomorrow. So please start voting at the beginning of show!”
Nothing says watching the #Royals like Vietnamese food. Except everything.
yes, dear God, yes! I am SO ready!!! Gimme a big bite o dat sacred success!!!
"Human life runs its course in the metamorphosis between receiving and giving." Goethe ~Merry Everything!
RT : never mind, i just ordered a half table for ... it was only $12.50! guess i'm going to portland again this year.
Sometimes words don't work. But beating the crap out of somebody comes in handy...
I'm talking to Myself .-.
I don't know why, but I'm in a really good mood right now.
Wondering if im legally blind or just living in a post lasik world. everytime i buy glasses they see my prescription and their jaws drop.
oh and of you come, can you bring my make up thingy I left in your room lol
Tapas Garden reopens in Indian Rocks Beach FL 1007. Let the flamenco and paella goddesses loose, it's Spanish rioja time (Ergo).
you light up my world like nobody else<3
Trippy episode of #MadMen. But where's Joan?
“: Brilliant! RT : The "earth" without "art" is just "eh" - Anonymous”
Totally awesome session on using Jscript to customize tokens in the WebPAC! Thanks UNT!
Going to pick up tickets for the show at the rock. If anyone needs them hit us up.
emphasizes her commitment to grassroots politics and the power of the people to build movements.
Make sure to watch CALIFORNICATION Episode 3, this Sunday. Quin & Reed have some really fun scenes.
found it, wish you was in Miami baby
Thank you! That guy is THE most annoying PA announcer in the league. I can only watch Heat road games because of him.
RT Meet us Village Inn-Academy & Palmer Park 4 free pie Wednesday 8pm See you there! Fred C.
Our Hero can only pick you up when you fall so many times. Eventually you must learn to do it yourself.
DAMN CANT GO 2 SLEEP GUESS I WILL BE GRINDING ALL NITE DJHUSTLE AKA MIXTAPEKING
I posted this last week, but I think it got lost in all the IHRIM posts & tweets. Would really love some thoughts on this one...
where we goin boys?
I think the family should be able to veto Jeff, just saying...
Happy homecoming to Sylvester Ritter's alma mater #FayettevilleState Broncos. Good luck against Shaw today!
I Dont Ask Much From You , All I Ask For You To Be A Mother Figure In My Life , Guess You Cant Do That For Me Can You ...
i do yo
-Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
Welcome to Milwaukee, Carlos! Enjoy your stay.
haha yeah I miss u! :(
We found you from your many mentions of Phoenix! Please let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
Love the #ocean too? Check my 'Similar to You' list: and Please follow 'em. :)
Without the tan it's only a Man hat.
URGENT: Need studio lighting/strobes for a last-minute editorial photo shoot in North County tonight. Can anyone oblige? DM me.
How do you show up as a leader in your daily life? The reality is, your leadership shows up wherever you go...and I mean wherever!
Check out my music on #soundcloud , #Reverbnation.....#Bamsquad "Its the Movement "
Oh, lordylou. Are you still at the shelter?
that freakiin sucks =/ what if someone got hurt....that person could have been charged
put on a great performance today!! They never cease to amaze us!!! <3
good call daughter! No liner! Trust me! Just remember to say thank you as often as you can. Enjoy it!
It's all about The Cardigans, Gran Turismo this morning.
I think they should have a different instagram then us! It's like having your own room now you gotta share it with a loser a** roommate! Tf
Who do you use for your web hosting? Trying to .com my wikispace but don't want to spend any more than 5 bucks for the year. Ideas?
don't listen to the haters. Hope you had a good time out there with Strick
was the second hot dog as good as the first? :-) I'm guessing they don't do dollar dog night in NYC...
I was kidding about someone bringing me dinner....#HUNGRY!!
I just noticed that you guys only tweet me when something exciting happens
Picasso exhibition is awesome! No descriptive labels but the story of the exhibit shines through the pieces. Love it!
Gym to lift!
PARTY PACK'S in Kentucky! Can't wait to see all my goodies:):)
Rain was not in my plans!!!
These good chicks out here give their love and pussy to da bumiest niggas out here real talk
hacked. blah. so sorry!
i know im hhis beggiest fan do u no him i new his birthday today cuz i no alot bout im like he turned 12
Bummed about #SportingKC game. My fault! I bought a new shirt. I didn't do what got us there, but it was pretty hot for a sweatshirt.
Bestfriends has 11 letters, but so does Backstabber.
Me and my girl are obsessed with you. You're videos are a ritual on Tuesday, If you tweeted me back I'd die <3
is eating pixie sticks in bed
Six children under the age of 9. Wow! How do you have time to write? you're amazing.
I guess #WhatDreamsMayCome is probably a good choice for insomnia?
awww! I think that even if did bite me and laugh, it would be the cutest thing evah!
Employees deserve to have a safe workplace and fair wages and benefits.
Drop off at our Outreach desk - 2301 N Tampa - ask for Marcia & let her know it is for the Gluten Free Pantry. Thanks!
T5775 @ end L4 -- table about to break
It was my pleasure. Great job on making twitter a little easier for the new ones. Hope it didn't take too long to get home.
always the best. Same with cold spaghetti
Lmaooo": Wearing leggings with No Ass is like a wallet with no cash lmaoooooo"
hey dudes, have a good summer. Maybe I'll listen in here and there. I know you love the advise...ha ha
it sucks seeing one of your best friends so hurt. sometimes no matter what i say i cant make you feel better:/
Generation Love <3
Ready for on Saturday. and I are pumped.
uh i said so ^__^t
way to keep it real with the spygate/bounty comparison
Please, thank you, you're welcome, how often do you hear these? do manners matter or did they change? read about it here>...
thank you soo so much!! It makes us so happy when y'all listen to our songs!:))
its a square
Guerra almost got the L there. Would have won it for you.
the day gravity breaks, will be the day i can finally sing the song "i believe i can FLY!" (:
Using Dragon software to dictate my comments this marking period--so far, so good. It is a little faster than typing and less tiring.
I need to get my followers up....
1. I didn't know she was underage!
Joe Gironda and I finished our tv pilot today!!! Bring it TV!
you are the 1%
I needed this sleep 💤
Take me down like am a domino
hey David! Hope and trust you are well!
Man my stomach is hurting so bad right now I don't want to go to school today ugh fuck school
MT : at the BISIG at learning about student engagement, active learning, and effective uses of technology.
#intelsmp makes point that you need to give people chance to connect with you via twitter.
Celtics down 19 at the half, and the Knicks have shot 14-21 from three. Whats that call for?
I love our lives.
I don't like your fucking music got back to Africa
Don't you hate it when you say something really dumb? Yeah, me too.
Congratulations roommate! So stinkin' proud of you!!! I'm going to miss you! But just another reason to visit LA! ;)
Sounds like someone must be using our website. We pair students with scholarships that they are most likely to win.
saw your evil twin earlier tonight at a red box getting a DVD. Kinda spooky.
are the tix gone?
I KNEW IT WAS YOU. Either way
sorta....just not involving Blazers.
Who has good springtime Frugal Finds/DIYs? Please share!
haha I hate his guts. He's an awful president
amazing that running back would be the thinnest position at USC
Biography stuck in my head because it was so egregious. Annoyed by lack of downloadable 2012 version for easy comparisons.
Pretty good! What about you man?
about to get off actually. hahaa.
Why is there no cologne called #winning ???
Welcome 2012,hopes and fears,all together ,ready for the new year :)
I'm well.Thx.I went to a wonderful Easter Concert with Wintley Phipps and was really blessed+taken2a new place spiritually.\o/
Hi Lisa! Where are you looking for a new Chicago apartment? We'd love to assist you!
did p money really jus get cut
Us too! RT We're curious to see concert outfits,
It seems that it is very hard to type when your hands are like ice cubes..... hm.....
Rise and shine!!! Lots to do today and the first place to begin is the gym.
then send them off to do their own writing. Didn't get many details on prompts but thought the idea was really useful
realizations can hit you like a ton of bricks...
RIP MJ!!U are at peace!So funny how people made fun of u while u were alive&now they r angry!enjoy our celebrated be4 they die!
some relatives email me funny pics, others send me articles about percentage depletion allowance and oil industry tax credits
-Linsanity is officially over. We can go back scrutinizing Tim Tebow!
TEXT-Fitch cuts RadioShack issuer default rating to 'B-' - Reuters
"Underwater Explorations" Solo show at Circle Gallery, Annapolis, MD through March 11, 2012. Opening this Sunday 3-5.
it so would be!
Nice! Enjoy :-)
I hate that moment when u lose ur lighter n u totally just had it
I hope you like it! did you say yours was on facebook? or maybe a soundcloud link
I envy the people not taking summer classes. Trade me places please!
Thanks for comin 2 our show on sunday at 12th n Porter! we r playin in Clarksville, TN Thursday at The Warehouse!! C U Soon
and Michelle :o) Thank you for answering all our Q's, giving us feedback, and teaching us so much! Truly appreciate it :)
so sad so sad so sad
the grocery store tho cuz..lol...I guess the cuties gotta shop to tho
Watching diners drive ins and dives!!
That's nonsense; in fact, the opposite is true
Ready for this test.
Water for Elephants - skip the movie, read the book.
i feel your pain. In Boston. Today is slightly redemptive, though. And I just can't stand the Rays.
Good morning to all my followers who are up and who haven't been to sleep yet ...
Life is a game, Play it. Life is a challenge, meet it. Life is an opportunity, capture it.
With apologies to the Del Mar Racetrack, U-T San Diego: Where the old media meets the new.
Did you know windows are the biggest factor when it comes to a home being energy efficient or inefficient?
I'm liking Chevy woods more
Official, Browns get T-Rich. Now we have some offense!
Optimism can't -- and shouldn't -- be dictated by the economy or other exterior factors.
Join us tonight + stay for our Thursday night talkback following the show!
Happy New Year friends and clients! It's going to be a big and exciting 2012!
Arizona State set for title defense: Story The good news for at least the opening game is Stanford was 14-1 in neutral-site games thi...
I want to go! #MATAFestival - Apr 17-20 includes performances by QNG - Quartet New Generation, , ,
Hey if you ever need a stunt double I'm your man! Lol another day getting compared to her by strangers lol
LOL! Will you write this for me? RT The Complete Idiot's Guide to Being a Village Idiot
I'm trying to keep it together, but I'm falling apart..
Melvin Ingram is looking fresh. That's a suit boys and girls.
I agree! Good night!
Thanks for the follow. I followed you back. Thanks for supporting !
B/C they spontaneously combust! Mine did. RT : Apple is recalling 1st gen iPod nanos and is offering new 6th gen iPods in return.
Waking up to the news of Terrell Thugs likely being shelved for the 2012 season is the best news I've head all week!
Great. Pretty soon there'll be 900 Ferris Bueller disciples running in the hallways ;-)
systems thinking mindset is reflective consciousness, the inquiring mindset
Santorum bracelet: "MAKE UP STUFF"
SOON thts not good i need to hear here is justin bieber preforming world permiere of BOYFRIEND
Always said he was the LeBron of La Liga. He's easy to hate, a physical freak, could be the best but too soft mentally.
That's not cool
I think" the help" is my all time fave movie, no doubt..
let it all hang out, girl! Tonight is your night to go wild.
RT if you're still recovering from yesterday's
#IThankGod for nothing. i get shit done on my own
How's bout puttin landmines on both sides of the entrance ways, so folks will think twice bout getting out of line. #fungames?
what?!?! No more Strings, either?!?!
Thanks, it's been a lot of fun helping to make it :)
I will not play victim to your misconceptions.
Looking good O:
Ah...to be back stateside and wear boots again. Love it.
About to make myself a delicious CV breakfast :)))))
RT lol...its just tough to find good acapellas...so it'll probably be a best of each n try to make as many collab...
It's Saturday, cold, rainy, & there isn't shit on tv 😣
Up at the Arbor for "Harold's Going Stiff," which won the jury prize.
alright. Link up tomorrow
And for Halloween im a sick dude.
"Rand McPherson, everybody! Remember, the 930 show is completely different than the 730 show!"
This dude just tried to change my nick name to some Juicy baby WTF <<<<<<<<<<<
My heart in my back pocket pussy!! If you knew what i knew you would keep yours in the SameSpot
Actresses in Chick Flicks, their career, movies, etc. Probably starting with Amy Adams...though not alphabetically.
Truly the grossest.
i am in!
Hitting the hay after a long day at the studio - south park..... Yea - anyway. Night y'all!
advantage? no. I would think: Why release it if you know it doesn't work and if its broke, fixit!
impossible, battle royale was released in 2000. And I saw it in 2004.
Miss Usa! Miss Usa! Miss Usa! #MissUsa! #MissUsa! #MissUsa 2012!!!! YAY!! I AM STOKED! HUrry and get here pretty ladies!!
Thanks for the shout out!
I can't help being the hottest that's why they call me
I just wanna thank my baby for beinq the best father I could ask for.! Ik hell be with us.soon.! Love you baby
Sounds like a dating show to me. :) Men out here are lame!
John Hayek: it's about building an investment tool for a strong middle class, it's not just about state financial aid
Hey I Liked Every Morning - Kim Davis
I started writing "Cody's Late!" on pieces of paper and every minute that passed I crumbled it up and threw it. I have about 15 papers -_-
Oh, absolutely! You are 100% the target audience for this show. Enjoy!
smoove is a fool
#teenwolf is so good! I can't even deal!!! Ah
the deaf and hard of hearing appreciate this very much I will pass this on to our community leaders
100 followers thanks guys! Now check out my #youtube videos!
What is it with New York politics? Chris Lee, really??
Can one filet a swine?
What a bender Cincinnati. Great weekend. More than a few credit cards left at the bar so you know it was fun.
sure,,, ill follow u back!!!
I need weed asap
Sup tweeps! It's been a while. I'm playing with my Ipad 2. Love this thing!!!
I don't see why our mother insist on starving us -_-
Data Recovery for College Students $40+ . As always you must show student ID to receive this special pricing.
That's great news!! When was the last time you were here?
bananas make me naucious.:S
Happy my brakes are fixed...
Collectively bargaining for above market benefits is not a "personal right"...it's an expensive, abused privilege.
Thank you! We try, but our "social media director" is rather busy during the academic semester. She will try!
I LOVE IT!!
Home to eat dinner and then laundry/ more work...
Haha well that was a lil overly dramatic...feeling good now, bout to hit at Ampersand with Crooked!
I won't give up if you won't.
I love you guys, keep up the great musical offerings
very cute
Following back RT :
ok I hope so!
Thank you! Happy Saturday! ": ii agree 100% ... well said"
yep. Fun times.
(((Alyna))) I hope you have a great weekend! You make twitter much nicer! You are great!
Ha! Great for her!! We're always looking for a drummer, too, it seems! I also put together shows for women musicians-hint-hint
don't worry. This weekend when we neat Everton then its over.
I think she had a twin. Or Mona!!
Curious, you're not covering that entire sleeve with that beautiful artwork and cropping it down. Why?
thank you so much :))
hope u can pass one! Lol
Yup yup follow him he sexy as fuck...
hey, wuts poplin!
Black lines to battlefields
Haha..miss u too g..hope Adam treated u just as well!! ": At but no Ron today. Boo!!"
Henceforth, I shall refer to consecutive highlight-reel catches as a Morgakawa.
Yikes! I avoided that casino when I was in Vegas.
Working on new #TV Host demo reel. Watching lots of old #HSN clips. Wow! I've sold a lot of beds!!!
I don't want to get out of the car in this monsoon to walk inside the mall.
$1 oysters today at Elate, 111 W. Huron! Great date spot, try some local, organic fair and creative drinks!!
Thank you fucked up people from big boi and Kendrick Lamar for being fucked up and dropping $20 for me to find. Thank you!
#WaysToImpressMe be yourself and try to make me laugh when I'm having a bad day 👍
Way way nick jonas trending
Avoid s Florida Ave if possible. Three car accident. It's backed up a bit.
Pretty sure I will be the old man yelling at kids to "stay off my lawn!" after mowing, edging and fertilizing it this weekend.
omfg no way! really???
In the mood for something yummy but a little on the lighter side? Come in and try any of our amazing salads!
IAN'S NIPPLES THO.
such a great photo of you!!
FREE SHOW: White Denim (600A. North Lamar Blvd.) Today 5/20 @ 5pm -One of the best ATX bands- support local music!
You're dealing w a different beast here...
Awesome to rock out with at 9:30 club last night. Agreed. Sinatra > Jay Z (but it's a close call)
Phone is dying , last update from the show. Do yourself a favour and check out queen killing kings. They just melted faces!
True blood , hhhmmmmmm delicious ....
i see that you've come to resist me, I'm a pit bull in time. ~OH WHY?~
you love your fans? how could you love them all if you dont know half of us exist D: #FOLLOW? it would make my year:)
Ready for a great day with Javier and the RML staff.
Have a feeling they could be working on a McGehee trade?
Let's talk; changing culture is hard. Would you like to Skype? Perhaps a google+ hangout?
Why do I keep getting (not responding) on my outlook and internet!!!!?
i know how i am going to spend my day..
#twittertools TwitterFriends: If you are using Twitter, you probably have a few contacts (= people you follow). Probably more than just a fe
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I'm filled with pain
shes the girl that runs TeenHoot! but, same here. im not as huge as a fan as others.. but its rude of them to say that.
Break a bitch heart no future ms.cleo
And the downfall of America continues
Hey! Can someone from your team email me? An email to your press address bounced back to me. jroy AT observer DOT com. Thanks!
thanks for hash tagging the important word my buddy! Love ya Oscar
I am all giddy - it is SHATNER DAY!
Between Sibel Üresin + polygamy and Sibel Kekilli + monogamy i choose the second #sexism and #middleages in the year 2011..
hi Omar! Welcome :)
a Merry Happy to you too. I know its probably never going to happen, but there are plenty of fans out there who wish it would.
are you encouraging people to think for themselves or follow the formula?
Hibernation Nation. Goodbye world.
These are the golden days in this golden age that we're living.
The best recommendation is an introduction by someone who already knows me. Traveling to O.C., Memphis, and New York City. Can you...
I haven't had an actual day off in over a month. Bring on the weekend!
lol YEAH!!!!! Is Ging To Be On Jimmy Fallon Tonight!!!!! XDDDDDD <3
can you follow me plz?
OMG HELL YEAH
Don't think I've seen all of Blair Witch, had something to do with that damned jerky camera got on my nerves
Enjoying the art of Vaya a verlo.
Damn right I got it!!
The #HungerGames portrays a crazy future. Like trains would ever be the primary mode of transportation again.
it's 2 a.m already o.O
Watching a #barcamp talk and next thing you know, about 8 uni-cyclists ride by outside.
Do tow trucks fall under you or MPD?
Baby daddy? I didn't see THAT in your bio.
Gifts and talents can be lost or abused if not properly used.
#WeWereCoolUntil you became a petty bitch . .
We play frisbee like a boss (;
Ok Buh Yo Momma Let Me Slide Up In Her Like Some Flip Flops
RT : We've connected with , and we're already planning for the 2nd annual.
Final leg of the journey w/ & - just saw a girl barf on the freeway.
Comedienne, eh? :D
Definitely amusing... hopefully effective... RT : RT : See:
ya know a vending machine w/ hendricks and lime wedges would be gent...
Ah Hood life
i hate when i have a bunch of energy at night...and i cant go outside so i have to skip around the house to burn the energy i have.
I saw this and got jealous of a co-worker because I saw Sodexo. I didn't think about it being on another campus! :)
#JPP is getting some shine by his twitter fans
chicago inbox me
Federal agents mad cause I'm flagrant.
holy cheese and crackers! Thats gr8t news bout ep! r w going 2 be able 2 buy ep in stores crystal? :) Peach
Paris strands a runner at 3rd as we move to the bottom of the 9th tied at 4
It feels good to be back....but I'm not BACK yet...but I'm back...
Text me && tell me who..
Im pretty sure the shooting *were* an isolated incident given the backgrounds of the alleged killers.
Dude. Story of my life.
Im Diggin your Blog I just checked it out
nevr knew they existed. I know the Panthers wr abt equality 4 minorities, but weren't their actions geared/based on US evnts.
Or him whiping out his schlonger right in the middle of your Americano order.
The Beef Arthur: roast beef on toasted sourdough with roasted red peppers, arugula, & a bleu cheese horseradish sauce.
Attitudes are contagious. Are yours worth catching? ~Dennis and Wendy Mannering
Haha me too....I miss Florida:/ Haha and btw..is that you in your icon..if so your eyes are beautiful(:
good just the usual snapping necks and cashing checks... getting ready for this season! How have you been Ms.Shaybutta?
Thanks for the follow - Thumbs up on your Raindrops in the River Video - gotta love the b-movies.
thank you boo
i feel like i didn't even sleep last night.
Great time yesterday Expo in
Nope. Couldn't make todays calls so I'm scheduling for next week
At the local waterfront Mediterranean/pizza/hookah place.
guess who's my idol... ME ! ! YEAH !!! I'm dying 2 meet myself *looks in the mirror* OMG THERE I AM.... I really need to stop talkin 2 me
Spanish Conversation Today from 7-9pm. All skill levels and abilities welcome!
watching vampire princess on the #smithsonian channel archaeologic proof of real vampires #vampshift for the next 2 weeks
At #dirtcandynyc eating jalapeño hushpuppies with maple butter and drinking a big juicy red wine
Every day should be like today weather wise !
i like the new look, more organized, as long as it doesn't change like youtube.
Man I was about to.have a badass little vacation. :-/
& didn't know if you wanted to read it. I can email it to you. Have a good rest of the day.
“: Damn is Vancouver a soft ass team! Lose 2-1 in ot to LA!” hahah #riots in Vancouver
They are so big they can do what they want, it's not like anyone is going to leave b/c of this.
Dear Ohio, Please be nice and pick what weather you want! Make up your mind. Your makin me physically ill. Sincerely, sick and confused.
did a spot with Quinton J. where he said in so many words you "Are fake, overly critical, & 'blow' BJJ guys."
You know what? Give me crap about my android as much as you want. I hate it even more than you do, but I just can't frickin' help it, OK?!
Don't know if you guys should be a live show anymore. After the Freeney deal and Joe's "wife beating" comment yesterday.
Stopping at Grandpa's Cheesebarn was totally worth it.
You got till July...
Kenny A, DC and Chocolate Thunder. Thanks for coming back one last time to NJ.
Finna crash after shower whew 2 days closer till weekend
You and I will get along just fine RT : If I see Rick Scott on my TV one more time, I swear to god...
my bracket was all busted, maybe will share the wealth!
Own your future, speak for yourself, because each of us have to pay for it, on our own. Noquote
Twofer: Clint's J. Edgar this am w/Leo D. Tonight, A. Payne's first film since Sideways, The Descendants, w/ George Clooney. Not a bad day.
just coming off MT. ST. helens.went to one of the observatories that has been closed for3yrs. so cool
May just became one very exciting and busy month.
So much to tweet about today and tonight but I will wait until tomorrow. Good night, Twitter!
Making pizza at 11 >>>
Fuck your friends all they do is stay hatein.
please follow back. I honestly L O V E your tweets…… & your videos<33 please follow back(:
