Thanks! We might go morel hunting in Reno today.
Meeting at the mall. Was just almost run over by a Fiero.
AYE #TeamFollowBack SHOW HER SOME LOVE ----> RT : can I get a shout out. More followers me please! :)
hey good lookin'
today was my birthday!!! Do you know what that means?? What's the 2 special words?!?! ;) <33
nothing quite like awkward conversations in line at the grocery store
wanna follow me instead ;) big love from ireland xo
always!! You know j'adore Felice.
penguins suck
that could be cool! would it be difficult to have a lot of people in it tho? I'll tweet my idea in a sec :)
Our windchimes got a workout today! Windy Colorado.
when are we hanging out!?
thanks to our new followers! happy Monday everyone! Rock on
Countdown to on can't wait!!!
YES. My summer is made.
BUT HEY IT IS WHAT IT IS.
MKT's engine has been tuned to provide smooth power delivery with minimal vibration and harshness
Thanks Hannah! hope your well and have a good Xmas!
some days are lost before they even start.
holy shit. And I thought Chicago was the highest
eminem is the best rapper. not 50 cent. thats not cool
When are the single day passes going on sale? You prompted me to join twitter for this..
dam im stupid starving! but its too quiet to walk in my kitchen an open my loudass fridge!
Off the Las Vegas. Thanks for making trip to airport easy and comfy.
going to bed at 2 last night wasn't such a great idea..
It was time for a change (x
Indeed! RT : Audience is enjoying Panda Dog USA - turn your dog into a panda via an outfit. Now that's an
now that your Tigers are out, feel free to join the IU bandwagon. That's March Madness!
Dutch ban takes aim at foreigners buying pot - Bryan College Station Eagle
What should #OurResponse be to TEN YEARS of #Guantanamo Bay #Detention Center? (What are YOU prepared to do?)
"i'd rather be hurt by the truth : then protected by a lie"
Happy Birthday I think ur a gr8 actress :-) I hope u have an awesome.
This past few days i been so really bad at school idont do my work so the teacher put my name on the section sheet-.-
But I still can't believe its actually snowing
I can empathize. But for me that means nothing will be done n you will just run the clock out on the issue
“: Today is the 1 year anniversary of Rebecca Black's "Friday". We should all "get down" in her honor.” haha
Guide to Election Crews part 2. You can also follow who is covering Voter Turnout today.
Happy St Patricks Day! Libby will open the bar at 10am for your drinking pleasure then visit Matty after 2pm. Shawn and Traci afer 9pm....
Only allowing two people to marry Vincent, yourself or Mikey.
oh... We're on Netflix. No cable.
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good
We Love You Liam Payne
Sounds like a day of momentum! :) Enjoy!
Don't ever watch this movie with me unless you're prepared to hear me quote the whole thing ;)
I have...very good! Crisp with nice citrus...grapefruit and lemon.
Goodnight and
You know opening of Harry Potter
Flag Football
Does the Pope masturbate?
Hey there is this girl. She's amazing, beautiful, funny, sweet, unique & she is reading this right now.
meeeooowww ! Hi peep!
i will #NEVERSAYNEVER !! I WIll fight to forever! When follows me! I will get up off this ground!! pick me up pick me up<3
#ImFaded #Faded #Faded #Faded #Faded and I dont give a FUCK. will be rapping that shit after they GO HOME
don't close the book on me
Literally just saw excise pull into town. Good luck this weekend muncie
I don't like hype....it always gives false expectations to some and an unnecessary ego to others..
": yall niggas better not do anything to my love >:O" I would never<3 c:
)': fail try though
“ Jesus has overcome the world!!! That's the reason believers have peace and joy no matter what life looks like.
You're ?
Hollywood baby with my girl and we making up for lost time .
I still replied to him last night. Smh at myself. -_-
its always dead. :c
12/8 quinquennial: pink slips voted in, all 9 nominated to go out, button won by landslide. and so: pink slips for button.
30 days to go - Shabbat Shalom -read Shabbat O Gram -(Leon)
Writing tip: If you find yourself writing the phrase "maximize value" in anything, go home. Nothing good will come of this day.
Instagram gettin crowded. Use it for interests not your face repeatedly.. Thats wat FACEbook is for
RT : Q1: Do we have any mom entrepreneurs or aspiring entrepreneurs with us tonight? What was your inspiration?
No taking photos & driving! jk. Cool photo. In 10 years will be one of those "wow, how fast time goes by" moment.
These lengthy facebook posts with the 'deep' message are really grinding my gears. Corny as all get up.
Why can't spring break b here already
more importantly, thank you for giving an interesting presentation. Glad i went!
SWAMP COOLER FACT: Coolers use up to 75% less electricity than standard AC units. Regular maintenance saves more. ABQ call 719-217-8546
SD Home Garden Feb issue restaurant dish: Snooze; Salt Box; Cinepolis; Inn at Park; The Field; Stone World Bistro & Wine Pub
RT : The moon so big and bright and full tonight :) :)
In the studio going in
So now I'm so HAPPY
#ThingsTygaSays;Do You know who you fucking with...--
1st place in the intern bracket was short lived, but you know what they say...1st is the worst 2nd is the best.
I just cant wait for the weekend! Not that I have anything planned, but I cant wait for it to get here so I can do nothing for a while.
A Master Auditioner has acquired specific skills that make him necessary to the production process. Otherwise you're hoping to get lucky.
Fiery debate erupted about the aesthetics of "whateverness [qualsiasità?]" during discussion of 's work yesterday.
hi!!! thank you for following us. check us out at facebook.com/mufasatheband
#Friendship is one of the best gifts we share with one another. #Angelic friends are here, but the #connection must be maintained thru love.
Some men dont realize a ride or die chick when they see them
#stm2012 what is big data? Big science versus data-intensive science. Biomedical is moving into data-intensive science
Don't like 700wlw making fun of the Beechwood marching band. Those kids work hard too! No class 700wlw!
- is that clear plastic around the toes?
How has this played out on campus? And what role does #scholarlycomm play?
thanks for following us.
so hot #sticky :(
This dude is sub tweeting but his fans don't know
your profile pic is absolutely gorgeous!!!
No poker for me today
That awkward moment when a Snapple bottle shatters at a play
Hoping the rain will hold off for tonight!
thanks bro. im realizing now theres nothing i can do
why is the internet so #BORING?!
"Pour yourself a drink, put on some lipstick and pull yourself together" 🍸💄💋
I appreciate the help. I can get omniture to work. I just don't like it.
Love this gag! RT : Anyone buy me a subscription to Glamour magazine? The latest issue showed up yesterday in my mail.
Everybody That See's This!!! Go Like ➔ Xspo Now!!!!!!!
user doesnt exist
Watching the #Amgen #TOC on #Versus channel ...let's go !
I'm in.....Go Team Blake!
I will DM his info. After I get his ok. Are you in Sac?
It will air again at 9p est :) But if you miss it then it will be.. You let me know I will make sure you hear it
You just can't please everyone
it's okay! We're all kids in our own ways(: I got excited over star shaped chicken nuggets :D
Do you have a clue about why this event is held? Lighten Up!
I'm in TWITTER JAIL! Lol
Sears hiring in the Hickory ridge mall
You got one right here, best podcast ever
Only 3 weeks left! Have U registered 4 the 2011 Southeast Institute?
Shakespeare would be jealous of my morning today.
tell me how it is
That must have been William H Macy
The meeting is, as usual, from 7 to about 10:30 at Merchants Grill.
you'r so sweet (:
yeah i guess ive come to the conclusion that im addicted to texting;p
Please #Jayhawks, please cut this lead and give #Kentucky and #Calipari the opportunity to choke!
19 more days to mother tongue O levels. seriously? ohmygod.
you can never get bored on #twitter. theres always something to #tweet about or someone to tweet with/to. hahah.
Oh how the furloughed management that have to work suffer: "So much for golf today"
Thank you. Someone stole my pain medicine. Sad.
it holds memories but the church is the people still standing. Our community is resilient and amazing!
happy birthday(: hope it was great((:
Larry David is a damn funny human being. Watching
You know it's a good day when someone makes #CallMeMaybe your ringtone on their phone. Thanks
#1ThingIWant for my hair to grow faster. 
Lights, Camera, Action! #NCIS - XavierLT.com
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast. In the pool where you least expect it, will be a fish. ~ Ovid
I wanna be with my man right now...cant wait till this weekend...
i will be there later to join you in
Due to a Facebook/Twitter mix-up, the last question has multiple winners. Congratulations and Eric Riickin of Facebook.
no, we haven't. We need to check it out!
Love WALKING DEAD! I'll check out your music!
The Sound and the Furry
it goes! how are you?!
Oh, too funny! usually decorates her Scion, but I've never seen a decorated scooter before.
S/O to my boy for leaving the yard today!
Welcome Reader/ Writer.
lmao. Young and hip? Ahhhahaha finally
Somehow Jay Cutler's twitter account just got hacked. RT : I got my Twitter policy from the Bears O-line. I don't block anyone.
Cute baby spotting with We're stealing one.
FINALLY finished my biology take home final.. now time to study for the in-class exam.
damn. I need to start running for an hour.
hey man what's wrong with that?
Karen O is the Blondie of our day... and I'm ok with that.
You will appreciate me one day.
I just thought it couldn't be life...
Video is live bro, got it posted on the station site
Follow me on
#Frontline - Wall Street using our tax dollars to lobby congress and tamp down regulations...funny!
Platforms have the power to require minimum stands from apps developers. CDA 230 does not encourage responsibility from platforms
Emma!!! love your style!
A lot of times, people don't know what they want until you show it to them
I think it all depends on how healthy Perkins is.
Good practice. Senior champs is almost here
Everyone falls down sometimes. But, not everyone picks themselves up gently and lovingly. Try it next time.
E-file takes 2-3 Fridays to come back. Sometimes your bank holds it for a day or 2.
I rather be hurt witout u than to be wit u and watch it all fall.
Get your daily dose of Agora Forte!
Want, want, want, want, want, want, more, more, more, more, more
That was a #tweet-hike if I ever saw one!
Have a great show! You killed it last night!
if your in wal mart yell " HEY YOU WITH THE FACE" or " HEY YOU, NO NOT YOU YOU COME HERE.... hi"
It would be pretty cool to be in the G8 Summit.. Only the most powerful governments in the world are in it..
Almost done shooting our new 1950's educational short film "Barry Lumpky: Comedy Junky"! Nifty!
yeah, we build on the cheap. Typical
Aww you made my day :) : I want a woman like she always in a nice mood
that would be an epic mistake.
thoughts on reporting through "sources" that Ross is pushing to draft Tannenhill?
anyway, ty for the info. Maybe its just spam I'm getting.
You dont know your BEAUTIFUL
Don't forget to grab some more coffee/tea/etc. before we head off for our breakout sessions!
Shhh...the adults are talking. Reagan didn't need to hide.
KCoxDC retconning Mass Effect Wiki says yes, and there are YouTube videos of ManShep/Kaidan in ME3. bWc
Congrats to one of our clients for earning the coveted NC certification of Lead Paint Project Designer!
With and getting ready to discuss city priorities. But first a piece of pizza from joe squared.
US & State Constitutions are for Greater Good of SOCIETY & protect individual rights. Cannot let religious MOBS enshrine a DEITY.
I use pro tools to edit my vocals in my videos
gettin' the #streeza shout out, hope all is well buddy
hey, please send all music and videos to email address listed on my profile...thanks!!!
But if i wake up to reality , there's going go to be millions of you , & one of me .
Helicopter buzzing near my house: "We have you surrounded. Come out of the riverbed with your hands up!"
yeah what that kid said
Celebrating "Share a recipe" week,if u hav som YUMMY-HEALTHY recipes,mail us: & we share it on our blog with your name.
WI Brides: In order to give your guests a "true" WI experience, would you serve Fish Fry at your wedding or rehearsal dinner?
My baby says "NA NA NA NA!" at me cuz I won't let him eat a penny.
Thanks to , my one-stop source for bug identification.
how fun! We love the #MissUSA girls &
when and where are you running to
I have been distracted this entire day..
thx Real!! Let's go Salt!!!
no :( We'll miss you!
Eww I'm peeling. Peeling yellow like a banana.
Awesome to hear! RT : openstudy is my new best friend omg
You don't know my struggle. I have to physically get out of my car to get parking tickets from garage dispensers.
BHO calls latest jobs report "good news"!
Will if I need to make so quick money this week in peeny stock " LUSI.OB " will be my pick..
The Daily Green Cleaning Tips will resume tomorrow! YEAH! Until then, remember white vinegar will clean almost everything!
Banana Split Enz
Hall of Fame third baseman Brooks Robinson discharged from hospital - Texas Rangers Fan Forum - Ranger's Fan Zone
It is believed that the earliest factoring was done via the Babylonia Code of Hammurabi by guaranteeing trade credits.
im so tired couldnt sleep lastnight for nothing i need a nap
You'll have to come here to get your
I got a dollar and a dream
Earn FREE Smoothies with the Elite Patron Card!
Daily Grill?
I think that girl has (CCD) lmao
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  66
hope you stay safe
Finally had time to get into Quora, and wow! It is the Yin of Opinions to Wikipedia's Yang of Facts.
Up early, babe just left for class, and now time to get things rolling. Have a blessed day y'all :-)
No,I meant I'm hard at work. I.e..working hard.
Tonights prophetic exersize was wonderful! God showed up and ministeted to the hearts of those who sought Him.
I have got to learn to check my schedule. Or learn to say no. Ideally, both.
are you sure?
What success has your organization had using a performance management program? Tell us your story !
any sexy woman in my peripheral will automatically Turn Me On ... all the hot things about chicks are definitely
Thanks! Gr8 seeing you again! RT: Cool twitter bio :) Gr8 chatting with you in the field the other day. Have a wonderful day!
I know, but we'll be back...Blackbirds are going to the Superbowl next year. BOOK IT!
what me and you had is now
No school friday !!!!
all my tweets got deleted.. ahahah
We never really grow up. We only learn how to act like it in public.
crisis averted, though the run kicked my ass. when is your tri? how's the training going?
#SongsThatMakeYouWannaFight Mama Said Knock You Out - LL Cool J
that's quality, baby!
Ate a jalapeño for a contest at West Point days. My lip still kinda burns.. Happy 4th of July everyone. (:
Best two days of the year coming tomorrow. Relish the madness!
we love YOU Dani! <3
So excited to hear it!!!
Each French Macaroon Gift Box contains 7 macaroons, with an assortment chocolate, cinnamon, pistachio, lemon & raspberry flavors.
thank you! And to continuing the convo on librarying!
Just because your Twitter account has been hacked doesn't mean there aren't people saying really nasty things about you
If you're looking for free entertainment tonight and tomorrow, turn your eyes skyward for the Perseid meteor shower.
Gotta go with Rousing Sermon for the #kentuckyderby tonight, afterall I am a
No worries love! Enjoy your weekend!
I got u homie. Preciate the follow.
Thesis proposal so close.....
last night was faaaaab
Otg all day every day
So who's filing the injunction against Amendment One?
Pink Hair and a Pink dress and some Pink shoes And Ray's going to have himself one "hot pink" date. #FF 2 ya
Follow & pin on for a chance to win one of four $100 gift cards all through Feb! Each "re-pin" counts as one entry!
who remembers when rappers used to battle eachother. not to prove nothin. just for the love of it. i dont see bout maybe 6 rappers who could
Also calls DeMaio "city establishment". No personal agenda here, just interesting perception non-SD pollsters have.
I hate my body so much that the last guy I had sex with I kept my t-shirt on like a fat kid at the pool.
*me at school* 1% of my mind = focused on the lesson. 99% of my mind = OMG IMAGINE IF ONE DIRECTION JUST WALKED THOUGH THE DOOR TO GET ME.
Don't forget to love what you do BEFORE you do it.
I just finished Drive by Daniel Pink. Loved it! It may give you some ideas for your Clients as well.
What is it about people who call themselves "spiritual teachers"?
you're sweet
what is that?
My son asks me if he could get a purple suit with a polka dot bow tie for his graduation ceremony.... I couldn't be prouder, so like me!!!
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult. -Seneca
i think your on drugs now.. haha
Your eyes...wow
: Try to get or to give me a shout via Tweet. Mutual peeps said they have been wondering my 20..
you can only correctly see when letters are 3x bigger than normal, rigid gas perm contacts often can restore full vision
Seriously, not one follower from #Boston? Don't New Englanders like Thai food? Let's step it up Boston!
Cards are stacked against San Diego ratepayers.
Then you obviously don't know me because I've only done that my whole life.
Ya I'm a huge steeler fan and ya I hate the ravens, but for people to be happy Suggs got injured is retarded. He is a great athlete.
Think about it for a minute before you say that.
~le cries~ come back on later!<3
I'm on a boat (subaru wrx sti) in jersey.
Drinks on me (but charge to Geoff)
(People read texts on websites, too, you know.)
Thanks for the good discussion everyone!
To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift. ~ Steve Prefontaine
U Know irepp The #BlessedGang! Who wit me tho?
I'm going to post a sneak peek to 1 of the custom #Vinylmation I'm making. It's going up at 2:00pm and being deleted at 2:01pm. Stay tuned.
Yes, use your brand name in the Facebook post message.
To everyone, yes I proposed and I'll explain tomorrow morning on the air!
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. - Aristotle
I don't get jealous of anyone I wouldn't want to be anyone else and I def. don't envy anything that anyone else has!
okay. Well tell us if your going anywhere so we can meet you guys or something(: oh and did the Boyz do anything last night?
place called "Oyster Bar" in Fort Wayne. Are you familiar?
bless up ! What's good fam?
Thanks for the tweet!
its about time
One man with courage makes a majority....
just shot a scene on General Hospital today... it'll air on December 29th on ABC... check it out!
Hell ya!!!
Who's ready for the NBA Playoffs tomorrow!!! Let's go Lakers!!
need more #bellhooks in my life & in this world.
Going to #modevux conference at the Ritz-Carlton learning leading-edge mobile web development
"Well... What do ya say Lamb Chop?"
This is a great organization!
I appreciate the ups and downs
me too!
likes to put hats in his ass
with all these escaladez getting married we should start considering each other
Gearing up for Opera Ball and TURANDOT premiere tonight! Heading to to pick up food for our exclusive staff party!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ELI OPPA!
I'll be there CLMG RT : So it's confirmed and - my dad wants you two front and center tomorrow lol
“: This world is so freakin small....”>>very small!
Power is knowledge
Have a wonderful time! Thanks for using ShowClix and Happy New Year :)
Very Important People: and.....well thats about it in my opinion :)
hope your cameras R ready as ur girl rocks the this weekend!!!
So many geese! #dontpooplz!
$462 lump sum for Mega Millions, before taxes. I'm buying more tickets.
Over at my grandmas house :D 23 more days til' i go back to school :-\ ohh well it doesnt matter :P iloveyou !!!! ;-)
On the way to ! WOO HOO WINGS!
i wanna make the most out of this summer.
I am always doing things I can't do. That is how I get to do them.
have fun!
Insanity so far!
That moment when you laugh at someones laugh more than the joke itself
How cool would it have been if Melissa McCarthy won, though? Love her!!
Happy Mothers Day to all the mums out there!
That said, I'm pulling for one of them to win it all since I'd root for Iran over the Rangers, Flyers, Devils, or Capitals.
#goodmorning. #happy to be alive.
#favwillferrellmoments lol...too easy.. when hes singing for his dad in elf and hes like "love u love u LOVE U!" :D
RT : Loving the Bam Bam Harper nickname. Hope it sticks.
You the shit girl ;)
About 2 get up n clean my room,take a shower n head 2 this school 2 see how much money i can get bac 4 these over priced books
watch them pull an NFL/NHL and decide to wear colored jerseys at home.
finally made it to smoke on your recommendation. fantastic!
": Yea, I'm in a gang." Let me join
chill out doh
thanks- great photo- I will fix the painting-I paint stadiums on baseballs and hate not to be accurate
Another reminder that the great Columbus band The Beers will be playing the Tree Bar in Columbus tonight at 10pm. I
RT : <Thunderous applause!> RT selected by White House as a Champion of Change:...
Never hav i ever eaten brusselsprouts
Stuck in Salt Lake City, Utah with this layover. Seen some pretty interesting peeps in my 6 hrs here today. Big Love Country!
Why didnt you and your sister just start sum with the twins like they did you
If u really tht big headed to think Lebron isnt the best player in the league...u dont know basketball
I'm sorry, who?
Learn what is new with SMO, contact our team today #twitter #
Being around people with iPhones makes me feel like I have a soul!
and he, once again, makes me question why he's on the site--or why he replies to things...
Stiff neck...ugh.
Yur music is my inspiration &it gives me determination. This year i was thankful for the oppt to met u bk in March.
pweeeaaasssseeee follow and tweet me!!!
We are now almost out of WC. We are 15 walkers strong. Raising awareness about fetal stroke and children's hunger.
hahah okayy and i'm chilling
Kerry wood? You guys are still bitching about him?
what series?
I don't think Lebron had a good year. He is the best in the league tho but he had a better year last year
yesh but no..umm my friend ish gonna take me somewhere
Yep. Similar to long division (yay calculators).
taught me to "seek & destroy" for that I am 4evr in hid debt!
I just bought some shoes, and they'll take until the 5th to get here. I'm probably going to forget I ordered them, :D
About to be done with this track though. Yeah. I think it'll be adequate enough.
Museum Interns are amazing.
Fusion magazine comes out April 10th with my feature!
look forward to hearing more about what you are learning!
Have an awesome week! Raibon Radio on www.LaTalkLive.com Every Wed night 9pm PST!
I want Tebow to stay a Bronco. Lotta people be mad if they traded him. At least he could learn from Mannig while he is here.
Just heard that Dick Clark died. I am depressed and the Mayans were right.
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 2O
George S. Patton: You're never beaten until you admit it.
Thought for today! Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools and accepted by idiots! ~Dwayne Wade
thinking about you
Hanging at the #Wawa in Pennsylvania. Where's Colorado again?
Yes i bet this is exactly what #Louisville is ready for right NOW RT : Louisville KY!!! Y'all ready for the show!!??
how do you feel?? Better I hope!!
Yeah, I probably am - what's the use of hating on him if I don't hate on his fans? C'mon son, you know.....
ME TOO! I wonder why... RT : The amount of spam I'm receiving on my cell phone is steadily increasing.
crazy? Lol j/k How have you been?
Come see me at chateau gardens!!! Im at the kiosk stand :)
i say N.A.S too much man i wanna change that one day cus i know there is a nigga out there that is shit..... somewer
just in time for the SB after a great tennis match against my hot new neighbor
We have a comprehensive "Knowledge Base" which offers step-by-step inst & video guides, can access via any BIW channel
They are only a few things better than making someone smile and making their day. It brightens my week.
Now hiring Inbound & Outbound Sales Associates as well as Call Center Managers, Supervisors, & Trainers. www.trgcs.com/joinus/html
Smoke a cigarette? RT : finished #50ShadesOfGrey ... now what?!?!? 😖
After talking to someone the phone, I hung up & said out loud to myself "Well, THAT was awkward"...then realized I hadn't hung up.
That's how I feel about Shakespeare Day
Who coming down to the RedRock Cafe Friday for the College Party?!!
IF U DONT HAVE THE ALBUM U CAN GET IT NOW ON ITUNES REECE "GYMSHOES"
Last day in #SanFrancisco :( Any #Sparklers going to be at ?
um I hate to break it to yaa...but he is not even close to beautiful ...!
DMV.. If you are in need of an MUA for your prom or wedding please DM or email me at
' It never rings lol
Putting my focus back on me!
Beat LC 14-3 yes!!! Two doubles and a beautifully cut up arm. ;)
Omg Im Gettin Tired Of You Im Not A Little Girl And My Ass Is Far From Little Lol :)
Yeah (start making out)
There's always T Rex RT : new motivating music, please..much needed. Thanks!
Coffee makes everything better.
That awkward moment when your talking and your gum falls out of your mouth.
Hey Thanks and let us know if we can help
thanks following you back!! :)
Bo Jackson's running into tunnel after game-winning TD run in OT to beat Seattle was pretty sick.
Both of my kids are a chip off the ol' block. My son made Honor Roll (again) & my daughter did very well2 -(daycare r/c)
I walk in on naked in bed and suddenly I'm getting oodles of #Klout notifications! Coincidence? I think not.
Talk Talk into the Talking Heads is the laziest transition ever.
You're just pathetic.
Warriors Stephen Jackson gives up role as team captain
Lol , Sorry , I'm not on so I ain't know you were talking about that..
Doug Collins: Rondo is an amazing player. He takes the ball wherever he wants on the floor.
It's still on 91.7 fm up here in heaven. Remind me to thank Gabriel when I see him.
There's my Power Group homie Jon! You guys went to watch a game last night?? Or in the other bar room.
Do you remember that day you fell outa my window?
Take this to the bank California hockey fans, will score at least a point per game for Kelowna again (14 in 11 so far)
RT am talking to ma ladies am talking to all ha ma ladies am talking to all ha ma girls all over the world #LoveYall”
Howard's good, like him cause USMNT, but Everton sucks...lol sorry
Time to masturbate myself since I'm not getting any ass today!! :|
i just posted in on our blog
Just previewed the #MomsRock magazine cover! It's fabulous. you look AMAZING as the face of #BabyBashBling!
lol my tag name is now lol but it's okay I still saw it :)
Yes, its about quality not quantity // RT : "We need smarter regulation, not more." I second.
I think I'll spend the day reminding Marion Barry about the numerous Asian shops in his ward.
IMO the person having the least fun during Ragnar is the one running. Want to be part of our team but not have to run? Seeking a van driver.
I'm a whore that's not sexually active lol.
happy birthday
Today is a new day~BAMM.
Check out the website www.gametime-athletics.com. Download the catalog! Save up to 20 - 30% on your team apparel. We Can Beat Any Price!
Thats awesome keep up the good work.
I am starting to separate the real from the fake cuz ppl nowadays are a trip
Bout to write a new song with and Shawn Christian
Just hope someone doesn't drown in that Jags/Panthers game.
Things to do on Sunday, May 6
Second time here and sti amazed by this place. Having a media noche sandwich and watching baseball. Happy mother's day
#GOODNIGHT.! Twitter Followers =]
at Pound Ridge Harvest Festival. Learned that it's the first ever such festival. hum.....…
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer.
just kicked her own butt on the treadmill. GUH!
Audition today for a indie film.
I'm not much of a planner when it comes to shoppin' it's usually an impulse buy like orderin' BBQ
NO SCHOOL 4 YOU......! I'm here all day and ready for you anytime.
get out my mentions Eddie
Throat hurts :/
what u mean?!?
I agree....it makes him look like a twat
met with today and am in love with what you guys r doing to help kids explore their passions! How can I help?
Taylor Martinez is no doubt the worst passer in college football. His form is ugly. Get him a qb coach!
= cash back love it!
I was totally SHOCKED about the finale it was great OMG CANT WAIT UNTILL season 4 i cant believe she meet damon first I am still Team DELENA
Shoot u betta not u fool. U dont wanna mess wit that Hun RT : I'm not close enough to lay hands on ya !!! Lol
Josh Hamilton >>>
Grandma:we will turn the pool BOY into a pool MAN Everyone:😳😱😲❕❕❕
you can still come over, i just cant go to friends houses
Its about time for Kobe to rape another woman!
its pretty awesome your in now!!!
Loving #TheVoice!! Team
let's go
I hear Tupac Shakur admitted he shot a guy once.
Basement with bowling alley?
De los mejores covers...ever. :P
DANG IT
With Mars moving into the 1st n Taurus/Gemini on the 10th quite the contrary. Your life is set to expand big time
they'd probably run into the same sort of trademark legal issues they had the first time around with that name tho
Totally agree, it's tough but it's almost over!
where at!?
The black Kona Stinky with the yellow rim upfront
at least you got a lot of Great Values!
How did I fuck upRT yeah, don't think that call helped your cause, lol
Nasty!....that's something you keep to yourself
Gym session, feels so good!! Mind, body and soul!
Our long no A/C nightmare is over!! Oh the sweet feel of cold air!
Margaritas from taco cabana
Today's tip: Don’t eat out of a food container. You are more likely to overeat because you can't easily monitor your portion.
How long is Baby Brian in town for? AND No way! Stole your new iPhone? Urg!
Done with work,gonna run errands,then drop off something at my parents house,then home,shower,and cook..
M*A*S*H The Avengers
at least he didn't beat you
As much time as it takes me to get ready and get to my boyfriends house , why is he never ready when I get here ?
My Grandmothers funny, haha. I love her! <3
It's never been easier to make cash online!
RT If you suffer from insomnia, there is a good chance that your sleep patterns were often disturbed as a child.
hahahah... Why'd you delete the picture?!?!
“Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.” -Marie Curie
Are you signed up for #18hour of Evanced tomorrow? Just us and about 300 of our closest library friends...evancedsolutions.com/18hours
LOL that is too funny, happy Friday sir --> RT : "I hear you talking in Comic Sans"
OMG I JUS REALIZED IM GOING TO B 22 IN LIKE 2 WKS #JUNE4 #GEMINI ♊
ah, so glad u got your tweet for Tiffany's TEDxWomen talk to go thru, watched, loved it! How often is TEDxWomen talk?
DYRS is making progress in developing local placements in order to keep DYRS youth closer to home during their rehabilitation.
"In the middle of difficulty lies #opportunity." - Albert Einstein #success #write #create #artist #quote #donotgiveup RT
Getting some late night din after the #ascapexpo networking reception! Expo starts in the morning.
Go for it! Even alone you can have a great time at Disneyland.
It's moving day! I feel like Mrs. Brisby. 10 pts if you can name the reference.
#2011was a pretty good year :) Can't wait for 2012! We choose our own destinies God provides guidance, its up to us to choose the right path
congrats Jen!
You rock babe!!! Such a good time working with you!
all my shows are on eztv or demonoid what the hell is this network tv everyone is talking about. C ommercials, what commercials?
Our in-house graphic artist & web designr is WONDERFUL! W/out Robyn California we couldn't have such an amzing website www.amazing-media.net
thanks for the shout out...so thrilled to have you on board!
That requires careful stewardship.... something libraries could manage, hackerspaces struggle with. :)
Every Block Is Different But The Game Iz The Same.
Fav thought from Day 1 : "The opposite of poverty isn't wealth, it's justice."
Porn Stars dont care about STDs..for a pill can take care of that..3 days u r cured. We care about HIV.
The doors of the Umspannwerk where the conference dinner of #TPDL2011 takes place, will open at 6.30 p.m. dinner starts at 7 p.m.
Just put the electric bill in my name...and watched my account completely drain. :o/
Why is America divided? Way too many white Americans don't want to lose their *advantage* over people of color. SICKENING!!!
I miss it there so much! The day I get home I must go back!
Where are you going to be working and what are you going to be doing?
thank you:)
I hope you miss me when i'm gone.....
Oohh...we got some awesome keynotes to be announced shortly. Rock on....
Good Luck To Those Of You That Are Starting School Tomorrow :D
Why are all my girls leaving deland high next year.. I dont even like 70 precent of the population at our school anymore
IF IM NOT CLEARED FOR GRADUATION BY WED..IM GOING TO SCREAM
Elizabeth Goudge~ Most of the basic truths of life sound absurd at first hearing.
Don't forget to talk to your peeps bout Blink!! :)
#Imagine walking in on Zayn in the shower, "Damn I'm sorry!'', ''No, wait, join me'' he smiles and grabs you before you can run out.
#winning RT : I'm official! I'm official!! My LMSW was approved!!!! Hooray!!!!
It's been too many months since I've felt appreciated. Feels good.
hahaha omg I'm laying out too! perfect day to not go to school😊👌☀
Talking to my Debra Darling Face! I miss her.
I just noticed that you tweeted the photo. Thanks.
beautiful song...
A wise person once said knowledge and caring without action are worth nothing. It's not enough to know, you must do!
RT : the last space shuttle launch. Many years of looking to the eastern sky watching,holding your breath, hoping all goes well.
I love you baby
eBay sells 2,500 cars per week on mobile devices
I would like that.
I just saw two people trying to herd a raccoon off of 10th Ave
Thanks for the follow . The Mayor always follows someone who is 'a really nice person.'
Happy birthday ! 
Love the Marshfield Walmart and the Amish. Behave!!
haha, actually not today. but i got a rude awakening during my review a couple days ago
sounds like a great conference!
There were big bites of my chocolate bar that didn't have almonds in them.
Damn im not tired one damn bit
Just finished the .5oz Oaxaca. Got a "library" of 9 different flavors. Looking forward to the Woolloomooloo Bar.
Arranging the solo mixtape while the group mixtape gets arranged, Praying for Balochistan and Sindh Provinces, Hope the weather isnt too bad
Got that volume up LOUD in my office..Short skirt/ Long jacket by
You should totally go to Austin. It's a blast. If not I'll take some pictures for you.
Glad the playoffs are on because I'm tired of all the #political bs.
Don't forget to call the Munchie Express tonight, we start taking orders at 7PM!
Almost 30 minutes through in this one and no #UMass players are in double-digits. Williams and Putney back in at 10:47 mark, 44-41
#CoachellaLive I think I saw Cee lo at a holiday inn jazz club with my grandmother last year
hahaha clearly. why would you need to pay $15 to go to the movies when you could see this for free.
My workout routine consist of following the Mexican lady around that sanitizes the workout machines.
next Monday you have off, hit me up.
N.F.L. FOOTBALL IS BACK TONIGHT! Go New England Patriots! Ochocinco all the way!
Well, I finished watching The Tudors on Netflix. Wow. What a great series! They should do one about Queen Elizabeth now!
It's supposed to be a scorcher today! Join us tonight to cool down in our cellar with the Jake Shapiro Trio! Starts at 8:30 pm.
When my mom snores<<<<
u shoulda scooped me b
Miss you to pieces!
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-14
Two grey catbirds are making a nest in the Forsythia bush.
hush woman lmao
The Sept. 22nd - 24th 2010 XVII ESRI Latin America User Conference was a great success.
who're the four teams tied for fourth in the ACC?
Great meeting you as well. Would love to stay in touch.
how you been?
Just booked a print campaign for Microsoft :)
We'd love to be an aunt and uncle, just sayin'. :)
i think you & should come light saber fighting with me next thursday for Jedi training. Just saying
first few people to mention me for #ff get a followback :)
Thx Boban i Marko Markovic Orkestar for sending "Golden Horns." Chair-dancing in a most embarrassing way.
yeah and I'm only 16... Back off
Make him look desperate. Most will look at it like he's trying to make one final money-grab.
here's the best way to eat a fruit rollup, you wrap around your thumb! like what im doing now!
Watching romantic comedies just reminds me of how much I miss Drea....
#OverheardNYC Girl next to me at happy hour tells bartender "They let us out early for Fashion Week." Congratulations China & India!
'For now, let them grow.' powerful!
Spend Leap Day at Ground Kontrol & try our Quantum Nachos topped with house made Spinach Artichoke Dip and diced tomatoes. Only $5!
Vote for "Alonzo Turf Jones" on Americas got Talent
todays our half birthday
Sorry I don't know there names and I only know one song name and thats Glad you came
Maybe Aubrey Huff can become Tim Lincecum's personal catcher.
i want summer to come but i just hate the sun ugh it makes me darker and i don't feel like putting sunblock every two hours...
its ok next time
we need pitching on the Mets staff, then again who doesn't?
More Smoke!
“: Fuckin Dez Beats Up I Jus Bought From & Looking For More Producers To Spread Bread Wit #LetsLinkUp”
What is going on??? Everything is in Farsi.
Had a blast. Great win.
What else don't I like
There's 3 weeks left till graduation and people are getting in relationships.
YES!!! it's already HAPPY HOUR!!! 1/2 off all apps, 1/2 off Central h2o Ouisconsing, and a buck off all other drafts!
Send me an email @ please peoples
yay! What did u learn?
#watchme is stuck in my head...oh well...love it :)
love you best friend! :)
I love this planet, but this planet's killing me. Sitting here in all this grass, man, I don't get no weed.
I swear . Shit would be different
Under-rested and over-caffeinated.
you wouldn't do it for Johnny man...so you don't get it...
RT : More Drama: Confirmed race date for Alterra coffee bean Classic Race, August 29th 2010.
Who's gonna watch MayWeather and I fight this weekend?? 
kids insisted we get there early. Well we are here and second in line :-)
thanks for the feedback! good to be connected.
I know right! They must for a 3-1 lead and win the series Saturday for a great birthday weekend
Snow dragon at work on Charles St. Near Homewood campus. Road is closed
Thank you! :0)
SAVE THE DATE: Help Green East 103rd St. Community this Sunday at 11am!! Plant trees, play hop scotch & more! RSVP
Bad night for the Tampa Bay
Omfg da boy in mah room is a demon D:
never stop learning
Sorry I must leave #EdTechLink early. Glad so many Bmore twitter all stars are present so I don't miss much!
Did make it to the shootaround?
"If I win the lottery I'm going to buy Pinterest and turn it off." - Facebook (el oh el)
#immvt where's the wizard of oz songs? Isn't that our theme?
Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
As someone who does it himself, can we admit the [blank] > [blank] is overplayed on Twitter?
don't taunt me...I can't wait to ditch my spotty, barely-faster-than-dialup DSL connection.
Fallen Captive with Pierce the Veil Miss may I and Woe is me. December 7th at Peabodys in Cleveland, Don't miss out!
I have 12 songs all together....lol
Using slang in media interviews can be tricky. It is fine to use when it is clear you are using it on purpose, but be careful with it.
Her pussy was so good I put it in a VERSE/I kept cuming back so I think it was CURSED!
great meeting you tonight at MoDev, I signed up for a Beta, looking forward to it.
#nowplaying lights (bassnectar mix) ellie goulding ..my getting ready music Bar 9 tonight! Come out :p
<3 dungarees! Haven't heard it in 2 decades! Lol.
they are a bit pricey but really work.
Dinner then shower getting up early tomorrow gotta be in Brooklyn by 5am.good night people. GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
A good measure between soreness or injury is if the pain is bilateral. 1 sore shoulder after you've worked both could spell injury.
Oh whats up Kings
Holy nuggets
#DMCA needs root access to test its apps on Android devices.
Debbie Gibson! I just think it's hilarious how awesome she thinks she is.
Nope, got poolside DJ duty on Sunday :-) Good lookin' out, tho.
I am off tomorrow and the Indians game is at 1....HELL YES
ATL > white tie affair
Lmfaoooo I wouldve been like do this looks like a jacket To you ! (: hahahaha, but um what else he say ?
I really liked ur question to the Dalai Lama re parenting: children must be provided max affection 4 more compassionate generation
Want SOMETHING;GO GET IT..DON'T TALK% JUST DO IT√
Best Male Pittsburgh News Anchors: K. Rice (19%), S. Smith (15), D. Johnson (11), M Clark (10), A Stockey (9)
RT Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Wondering if it's too late for me to be an artist.
Thanks for the #FollowFriday. So you won't be at Context tonight?
Where can I find you for prayer service on Monday? I was invited by Efrain Figueroa. :)
Follow my boy for a shoutout
like 300. But I just bought one for the 14th. So I can't afford 2 tix home and back. Cuz I gotta be here 2 go 2 FL
How was your breakfast?
The U.S. Supreme Court discussed the constitutionality of the 2010 Healthcare law. The act expands coverage to 32 million Americans.
you're so fucking gay
tweet me for my birthday? Please? :)
Adrian Gonzalez & the Padres take over Acqua Al 2 on 8/19 for charity. Mix & mingle w/ them. Tix are $195 each. www.agonzalez23.com
sure, lemme know when
Broadcasting a major skyland conference matchup between ridge and pingry for MSG VARSITY!!!!!
Can't believe the 76ers won tho.
#IdFangirlIfJustin drowned me
takeover on Fuse?? YES please!!!
Sponsorships on NBA jerseys... the final frontier... the one and only piece of inventory untouched... smh
The no ly-word rule is all about limiting the amount of adverbs you use i.e. gently, softly etc. Hope that helps! :-)
think I'm onto something.. yoga and coffee BEFORE work may yield a productive day
#thoughtsduringschool WOAH. that wall is sexy.
And if not, no big deal.
#SMSK tickets go on sale THIS THURSDAY!!! 2 bands, hot peeps, one hell of a party on 6/9 at Nola's!!!
i would have been one of those people. Sigh.
COME TALK TO ME! :D
Not as nice as a Millipede
i have surpassed #1000tweets :O
we guarantee that college fantasy football does not ruin anything!
A conscious community of practice
be NAB Monday - Sunday. Kickit!?
Power to the productive people !
aye shawty you goin be n the cafe again? Just meet me by the buses?
LA is always awesome, but today, my day was downright spectacular.
Also drove from Seattle to ! (Well, might have been other reasons too.)
I got off ustream no one was Watching me?!!!! =(
your voice is addicting. congrats on your nomination...the recognition is well deserved!
is goin to Bed
Seriously want to thank everyone who was able to come through last night! We feel all the love & are giving right back through good music!
Selection Show making Ice Loves Coco look like compelling television.
it was great to meet you all in person. Keep the powerful films coming...blessings on all your endeavors!
i love
School = less twitter :(
We all have the power to design the outcome of our life by focusing on today & consciously selecting our thoughts+words+deeds re: Our Desire
I do love here for a few more months!
EVERYTHING from Candeo is great. Thanks for sharing!!
O. I like to color combination!
Life's like an hour glass glued to a Table.
hi girl! I'll be back in town tonight! Hope to see you soon!! ;)
alright kiddos... im outta here!
Justin is gonna be an amazing father in the future(: I can already tell
can you give me like a super tip on how to attract a manager like yourself, is there some sort of secret I don't know?
on to do some followbacks/shoutouts? TWEET US !
there are two new mexicans on the #TweetAct Panel! Dont miss out
I love funny guys... I'll never get tired of Jimmy Fallon's Tebow skits, I love Jimmy Fallon, so funny
I'm grateful for the live tweeting. This is a big issue.
Hey Con.. I miss you
They were missiles that used one of Corning Inc.'s most successful defense products of the 1950s and 1960s -- glass-ceramic radomes.
Awwwes...giving you cyber foot massage thoughts...might make it real someday...if you are lucky!
I'm gonna need to search...that. Yes that.
Mind-blowing
it would be so fun an we get to watch them run in speedos
I expect you to say hello to me! :) liking the new body! You better werrrrrkkk girl!!
well, people move on, some faster than other, I really have nothing to say that will comfort that
No offense Vancouver but I'm glad the Olympics are over so I can go back to watching truly mindless television again.
Follow me on #instagram -
thanks! Good to see you too!
RIP to Nate Dogg, thank you for your hard work and everything. My condolences are w/ the family and people that knew him. Life's 2 Short!
Too much space between our CBs there...
Aww, he's too cute!
Happy birthday?
Are you nervous??
when are you heading back to city of angels!? & I went to Commissary and thought of you!
hell yeah; fucinng right : )
I hate to be a downer, but this week was not a good one.
Wish I could have gone!
#Mahomies who wants to be in the video that im doing for Austin:)??
i never really spent that much time in that area except for getting on the orange line
Ok, let me rephrase -- I realize the 250$a is whatever is on the title page; my question is more of how the publishers generally use this.
Wishing everyone a very happy holiday
I get a really cute outfit today 👗
Floating on the cloud of “if only” / only possible a few times in life / If only we could live with that
Wtg gl everyone!!!
OMG. You registered for a ninja. That's just baller. I loved it. I bought a ninja. Who knew you could shop for those.
plus la taquiza is right across the street, if you want to try an awesome mulita too
Very cool, thanks for sending!
thank you for the RT!!
Snakes & Lizzards & other such creatures at The Nan! Come meet & learn about these Sonoran Desert dwellers we live with. Sat 11th, 2-4
What great news! Congratulations and best wishes for an incredible career.
thanks love you to
Successful media night with SKD and ! #kingsallday tomorrow!
Fitness-center members are more likely to pursue health-promoting lifestyles and behaviors.
Nice job Helena!
I'll bet you can guess!
#Educause10 #e10_sess041 CCS gives us a great look at how our industry has changed over time. Let's consider this in the context of Hamel
Debating the need for a microwave in my office. I'm against it. No 1 else is. But I'm the boss, so we don't have 1. go to messdeck 4 that
very cool! Best of luck to you sir. How is MA going for you?
what are your thoughts on budget proposal?
I miss you too (: RT I miss oomf
What happens to flash based projects on the ipad? Note to self: need to order one quickly
Gluck: Media and data used to be connected, but now you’re buying information from one place and actual ads from another.
But that would require me to come to Maryland! (I might be up for it though)
Matt doesn't like beets!!?? Robert! This is crazy!
both its phonetic mouthfeel is nice and the way it harkens back 2 Breakfast Club-era insults
ARE YOUR CHAKRAS OPEN AND STRONG?
im not a liar! Maybe tthey were trying to seduce me! Not vice versa;)
#RightToWork in Indiana? more like #RightToTOIL or
#youknowwhenaguyisdesperate when he goes around tweeting hot girls asking for cam sex. Right ?
Don't feel good
>>>MLM News! Zilergy( New Company Listing )
Right By My Side Was Awesome I Loved It!! =)
Your dad is a chiropractor, right? I really need one, my back is terrible. :(
are now TRUE "PAKALITES!!!"
i hate that i have a dimple on my left cheek, and NO dimple on my right cheek !
I like a lady with pretty hands. If you're a woman with ugly hands, why are you even alive?
Last night was absolutely fantastic! Thanks so much for being a part of our #dcdesignweek event
Working on a little diamond called "What I Wish I'd Been Told in High School." Going to be brilliant.
Wonder if my cousin going to come fuck with me this weekend like he say he is
i could email this straight to tigerbeat.
wat up dude.yea we was listening to N ICE LOL I REMEMBER WE DID DAT VIDEO.:-)
Could not agree more “: Idk about but I may or may not turn out to be the worst nurse ever #pedi #notmythang”
sounds like you ladies had fun last night! thanks for coming out!
Girls - Beastie Boys
Both Maud Marks & Octavia Fields branches are having book sales tomorrow. Good reads cheap for a good cause. 10:00 am start.
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
If you could choose one last great edit what would it be? A movie, documentary, commercial, news package?
that's what's up! Tell them to check out the "Chicago Style" mixtape!
Absolutely the perfect weather coming up the next couple of days! ....unless there is a pool nearby then I want it to be 90.. Hah
So, I'm taking 's studio. Start moving next Friday (5/11). Bring me your boxes, dear friends!!
We are in!
Did we mention the presence of a BIG NAME Hollywood A-lister on our stage tomorrow night? Here's a hint: Who is Keyser Söze?
"How Am I Doing?" My favorite part of the is back tonight!! Don't miss it!! 9p/12a ET
I'm at the gas station with mamma. We're on our way!!!
I have to unfollow you for the spam....sorry
Come on. Do not ignore this tweet. An 8 year old girl is battling leukemia and all she wants is to meet
Up in the class room
Big Money,Big Dreams, & Beats Of Life
Nonresistance is the key to the greatest power in the universe.~Eckhart Tolle
the girl with the dragon tattoo or Percy Jackson's series!
hii :) hows everything ? just hope you read this tnxss
Your amazing i love you come to Holland Michigan !!!! please .
I love ya Hoss!
I had to look those up. So... basically they're Reichhosen? You can keep your weirdo pants to yourself.
I'm going to watch the season premiere of "ridiculousness" tonight on Can't wait is in this one! Kidraul!
Thanks for coming on .tv. Good luck tomorrow night!
#Echelon3000 TONIGHT FREE ALL NIGHT | FOOD, DRINK N BOTTLE SPECIALS ALL NIGHT!!!
Changing behaviors in patients/HCprofessionals;what works? effective education and training helps but isn't enough; interested in your view
RT Listening to Talkin' Toons podcast makes me miss ! We should all get dinner again soon! I miss
A dog may be man's best friend, but the horse wrote history.
Now off to the park(:
so like..follow mee?(;
Dr. Smith is holding class in the caf. Good thing eavesdropping is my spiritual gift.
If there's a website or a phone call you get that is "too good to be true", and it's promoting to actors, it's probably not good.
RIP Carroll Shelby!
I didn't know Wilford Brimley & Andy Griffith were still alive. How is that possible?
Girls can be perverts and get away with the shit. Boys can be perverts too...but they end up in jail or with a restraining order
the only response I've received from #groupon is "it should have shipped; you should have it soon; we cannot track it; we don't know jack."
Time to make some magic happen!
OMG I just looked up the Swarm on Netflix. That is a guaranteed winner! Thx!
take em all.
I love guys with accents.
Crazy weather lately! Hearing about a lot of leaky windows. If you have leaks fix them now before things get worse. Now=<$ Later=BAD NEWS
cant wait to see diggy simmons on 106&park
Google's 2011 Search Quality Guidelines leaked online. Interesting stuff. Funny: they require testing in Firefox because of it's usefulness.
Who else hates all the inquires they get about traditional LiveCycle because Flex Data Services was rebranded as LC? Yah.
addicted to Downton Abbey
I love you:*
Good morning! I'm taking a break from Italian today. Going with a turkey sub for lunch! #WIN. What are you having?
Happy Friday! :-)
Not sure if those have connections, but it does seem to all boil down to the body's ability to process toxins or prevent toxicity.
Please refrain associating me with that, I don't not like it. Thank you much hoochie mama shorts.
I could see you rocking the electricity leisure suit at our next Raiders game.
Best way to beat the heat? Be like the critters and become nocturnal. And drink plenty of water!
UNF Students: Watch the World Cup on the 1st floor of the !
I'm so hooked on my smoothies that I'm willing to get up 20 minutes earlier to prepare on even if it is 5:30am.
I tried but one was like you 6 foot something I saw when u walked in lol #Busted ...
stay strong
RT : Orangebloods.com has confirmed Plano West DE Bryce Cottrell has switched commitment from Oregon to Texas.
A2. I recently heard it said that if a company is building a new website..strategy should be "mobile first" Agree?
Trulia pitching itself as a community for agents, owners, builders, etc. Not just about buyers and sellers.
Emmett is soo hot!! Oops, I mean, he's teaching me ASL and he doesn't even know it!! <3
Muh boys made me proud tonight! Too bad I didn't bet no shoes or nothin' on the game.
R.I.P. -Peter Steele frontman for Type O Negative !
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.- John Lubbock
cause they're so good ;D
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 50
Linkedin evangelist-I have a some friends not in linkedin, I sent linkedin request. Linkedin will know to connect them to me years from now.
The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated ~ William James |
let me know if you have any questions about Wix!
Going for a drive. Maybe all the way to Kingman AZ. Y not
PLEASE quit spamming me .... 23 emails today so far. I've asked nicely.
FOllowing :D
It's cool that the candidate "pulled himself up by his bootstraps," but what if those bootstraps cost $10,000.
Anyone went to invite me to google plus? I'm pretty certain this thing is going to be big.
haven't made much yet, but will share as is public by default like good research data should be!
There is a Japanese girl in front of me in line wearing a shirt that says "everybody loves an Irish girl." I don't buy it.
Nope. But I like my seat. He probably likes his. And it's a small classroom, so I just go with it.
Your home ? Eat something !
Well, I'm starting my 10 week online calculus class today. I'm about to get so much shit done
Opening Day tomorrow for our t-ball team! Hope they all have fun at the parade and a great first game!
Why not celebrate existing, growing decentralized network of digital distrib. of "out-of-print" work through self-pub?
Don't forget the Executive Womens Golf Association "Let's Do Lunch" networking event at the Egg and I tomorrow, (Wednesday) at noon. Non m…
he will get over his women problems soon. I knew he was having women problems so I put him on my team to win
Cleveland is dumb for making that trade. Richardson would have been there at 4
Was convinced that today was tuesday
would he be able to go to England in Liverpool? We have #TheBeatles and many famous faces &we have capital of coulter
besides, what's with the self loathing? I'm undoc and I have no interest in taking on that kind of journey.
Attn: Realtors - have you RSVP'd for our Holiday Parties yet? Don't miss out on the fun and chance to win a cruise!!
Outside the airport in Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina. The city isn't bad, it's tiny, by the airport is lame.
Be gentle. Scott Walker has no involvement, and it's only like two degrees from Bon Iver.
Did you buy one of our owl shirts? Take a picture of you wearing it and post it on our wall!
Please mention . I dont now you follow .i'll follow back . Just mention.
I'm just going to leave this here: iron.io
Im up now RiRi gotta pack tho O.O we'll leave in a bit Awww yay Sisterly luv
I am who I am! Your approval is not needed in my life! I will be just fine without you! Thanks for your consideration.
Joshua is an amazing vocalist! Best of luck to him!
I think the one thing I wont be able to take after I make it is ppl who i knew before tryna pull a 180. im in the gym practicing lefty.
Woah there!!! Im sorry. I been laying low cuz my hair not dne. & I Dnt live on Douglas no more.
I should stop buying shirts that need to be hand washed. I feel like an old lady from the 1800's washing this stuff
(cont) so if they can get a few extra hundred thousand, you have to think they would do it. Means MKE can prob get him for 600-700K
LORD, I need your help about now...>BIG TIME! prayers in the air! GLORY to GOD!.
I don't like where this is going..
Something Big and exciting is going to happen for Bar and Restaurant business social media....stay tuned...
haha , balls stuck to the legs?? :)
I ended up focusing on
10 minutes. Celery bitch(:
My flight for Los Angeles leaves in 12 hours, and I haven't even started packing yet. So much to do, so little time.
Clogging pinterest with hot guys like and
Our #Bulls need to make it do what it do today!!
Looks great man!!
congrats Stephanie. Nice honor for you
It's hard to make up your bed while you're still sleeping in it. Hard to make up your mind for the same reason. ~Robert Brault, www.robert
her left them?! Hahshs
Bout 2 Try & Rite A Remix 4 Trust Issues (& Make Id BETA Den My Marvins Room Remix)
Tough loss tonight
Would've been a great no-call. We aren't demanding the foul. But give us our hard-earned lay-up! It's Mike Miller for godsake!
RT : Thanks my Download Speed is .16mbps (via SpeedTest.net) <-- That's 50 times SLOWER than what they advertise!!
When we first met, I had no idea you'd become this important to me.
the school fucking calls m.y house saying im not there EVEN WHEN I AM, damn these bitches are tryna trap me there forever
One should always be at least semi-nocturnal in the summer in the south. That's when all of the magic and/or danger happens.
Laying down !
Thanks for the update and good luck with the filming.
followed me.. I feel so loved! :)
hey Justin I'm one your biggest fans , and I would love to meet. Please. My birthday is coming April 16 I'm going to 16 .
Thank you darling! Love and miss youXx
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Ii Actually Thought That You Could Tweet Celebrities And They Responded To All Of Themm :(
Found it. The Grackle (right on East 6th, where dragged us) at 1:35. Going to head over that way.
About to commit 1 gig of changes to a repo. Wish me luck.
It's raining so it's only right to listen to "rain is a good thing" by !! Corn makes whiskey, whiskey makes my baby..;)
Another day, another follow from a Death Metal band from the Midwest.
All games are on tonight
I feel you on that one.
Am I more likely to kill a man w an empty bottle or full w/o cap on bottle of beer?
KLUSOZ TONIGHT FOLKS!!! U KNOW THE DEAL, CRUNK ALERT IN FULL EFFECT!! WE STARTIN' THANKSGIVING BREAK NOW!!! C.I.T.I.
R.I.P TO ALL 9/11 VICTIMS
Happy Friday Everyone!
RT : Also, if you find us at the #PSUtweetup we will give you a camera!
lol I'm following you too fucker!!
She has MS and totally dependent. Npo way to get there BUT UNITY saw to it she did! Blees ya SUE. TY for allowing us to be part of ur day
Trying to get used to this "timeline" view/layout. Kinda confusing, no?
is watching Toy Story. On VHS. LOVE it. ;)
Tomorrow is #SACFair! 11 am to 3 pm on Copley Lawn! (Some) rain or shine!
Got me some beef tongue at LA Artisanal on Sunday. Should be on the menu this weekend.
Today's gift card winner is Logan Walker. Congratulations!
Twitter is the only place I can complain and people like me for it.
18 hours L.A. to Seattle. One man and his Smart car!
now following hit me
Plus is pretty much a roomie too..
Oh that's a good idea! What program did u use?
We're up to 13 LEED certified major pro U.S. sports venues! Keep them coming!! #GreenSports is big for
#MoMoFresh is the Freshest Young DJ in the game!!
I LOVE Up All Night♥ massive internet hug to you ♥
follow me follow me i followed and she followed back
Cool!! has teamed with Solazyme, and is partnering with Dynamic Fuels to offer commercial U.S. flight powered by biofuel
RT : At final playback for 11-11-11 stoked to hear it!!!
Had a successful day with (:
We're a long way from the good ol' days.
Will Supreme Council go through with transfer of power to civilian leadership after elections?
lol I no rite. His performance is crazy.
Haven't decided if I should continue meticulous editing or move on to another section of the collection that is not yet available online.
you guys are gonna post a new rookie projections after the NFL draft right? I'm sure you will. Keep up the good work
what's happening my friend. Have not seen you since Chicago! BTW GREAT job service! You & are great!
Good things come to those who wait.
as in ed sheeran and taylor swift wut
I take that bus a lot... Driver just wants to get home and flies
Monday is National Human Trafficking Awareness Day
"He's really been off his game. He probably has a disease or something." -mom, in reference to Tiger Woods
RT : Portland Spirit just joined the Chamber!!! Can't wait to get the Willamette Star up there for some cruises in October!
helping by serving a chapel dinner to the homeless on Monday Nov 21! Thanks
Shes my best friend. Of course im going to tell her everything you just said. :)
I think I invited you.
are you chez vous or at tweetup? Hope it's the latter...
Old Tom Petty tunes will keep me drinking and handing you my $ for as long as its playing.
Congrats to Linda R. Winner of our Season Of Doing $250 Spa finder card.
its storming like a bitch in Chicago!
Today’s Beverly specials: Soup of the day is Butternut Squash. Sugar free lemonade is Peach Ginger.
Watching #TroyDavis God Bless.
There are a number of reasons why people don't post on blogs, but if you make them register first, you're screwed b4 you start.
Sitting in church, missing the glamor of my Juice Plus conference. Talking about hell today that reminds me, need to go to Costco
SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS EVERYBODY! Oh wait.. That's a needle.. Ouch. Last shot though :)
Listening to Ed Dale say that 50% to 60% of new Twitter users drop off after first month. Wonder why.
haha was that a reference?!
What a beautiful day out! I can not wait for my lunchtime walk. I'm so glad I'm near a door and windows.
Sunlight is one :)
Happy hearts day! :) <3
Did anyone care if Campbell got beaten? Nope.
bought #worldscutestdog #boo 4 my daughter after seeing it on Nordstrom's pinterest board. social media = $
Lunch with a legend today, Dr. Jonathan W. Little. No tiny little records in their tiny little beds. Just Cuban sandwiches.
If you're looking to learn Ruby on Rails I would highly suggest the training videos. They're great.
Here comes the snow!!!
#raw10 Katt Williams AKA Katt n da Hat, has changed 2 Feathers. A pidgeon n Dogs n Cats 2, the movie. A Jailbird elsewhere
yes I did...with my good friend Miss Christin Wilson. I hope you won!
Dancers! Give me a shoutout in the next hour and I will FOLLOW you!
i love those little things that make me really love #uchicago. those are the best moments.
We are able to produce anything from Posters in 1 Day to 64 page Magazine in 3-5 days.
All I want are some goddamn shredded hash browns... This is all I want today. Well, that and world peace. And prob for lunch
Lol just saying stay mamma. What's the reason ,,,joby job
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies is tell what what's about to happen when you KNOW what's about to happen CAN I FIND OUT FOR MYSELF ! ! !
Prison libraries as literal models of gatekeepers providing agency for others.
RT : TODAY is THURSDAY!!! Come take class tonight Ida Hollywood I'm teaching Cherish "Like A Drum" one more time! 9pm- 10pm :)
love when you give me head.. hate when you give me headaches
Can't wait to be done with my last SAT
Iron man:)
Nick still looks fresh on a lazy day!
About to present tips and tricks for techs with
TRS news; Jordan buys TV, goes to starbucks, thinks about cosmetology, and sees some pigeons. that is all.
Dear wikipedia: the only thing more wonderful than the Delaware Water Gap is the article about its geology.
I'm not troubled by selling public domain content but the lack of attribution is really lame.
Wrong again. We don't talk.
“: Who else is ready for the semester to be over?” oh me, me!
YAY! We reached 100 followers today! Now let's get a 100 more! Help us spread the word on #volunteer opportunities in
I just butt tweeted
U GOT 2 check out the new #musicvideo for #Addicted from directed by from #SNL. GREAT vid w/ cameo by yours truly :)
So excited to be helping out #Cleveland women by attending a T2P2 event at Jammy Buggars in Lakewood at 6:30pm tomorrow.
Brad Paisley, The Band Perry, and Scotty McCreery are performing tonight at the United Spirit Arena, Lubbock, TX. Tickets at: 888-493-0004
I am refreshing 's tumblr over and over like some jerk waiting for paintings.
Day 4: the choreographer doesn't seem enthusiastic about the booty popping I'm trying to add to the show.
haha awh , I'm sorry ! I'll make one sometime soon(:
That's pretty awesome! Wish i could take credit, but it's all about ! Have a great time!
I agree. And announcers r2 pimp good guys. So why did DCrockett screaching 4 TA or Garvin make me hate them so much?
Oh good, the summer has arrived in Saint Louis. <---Sarcasm,
Fired up for tomorrow's #DWTS cast reveal!
We absolutely loved it!! Do you have a course on "All things Bubbles"? and I love bubbles.
How to be healthy? Do something every day that makes you feel good! :)
Nah it was fun! I'm working on getting him logged on!
hahaha heard that!! Records would be broken #sickBP summer ball, as coaches.. Joke show
It's rhino cup time!
"There must be more to life than having everything." #RIP Maurice Sendak
Kristen Bell Reveals Secret ‘Hunger Games ’ Obsession: ‘It ’s All I Think About ’ It ’s no secret that everyone at Celebuzz i
thank you :-) have you met him yet?
In Boston, there’s a spike in ER visits by severely-underweight kids 5 & ynger. Over 16M kids in US live in homes w/out sufficient food.
sorry you couldn't make spectrum. Nice chatting. Need to call it a night!
how are u?
In my 8 years of coming to Daytona, this was the craziest nationwide finish I have seen
a ok ok
lol im a guy thanks my name is justin im the guy in the pic and are u a girl u kno u could be a guy secretly on here !
I haven't jammed to Incubus in forever c:
Don't point out how Republicans and the GOP are wrong, point out the positives in the democratic seats and party.
Awesome. Thanks!
see "Take Shelter" tonight @ 7, Q&A after w/ post-prod team. Cool article about them in this week
my dad works for king county with him!
bye guys :)
If I was a hot dog I'd put lots of spicy brown mustard on me and eat myself.
Those text messages that make u smile when u read them..gah i love those<3
hi tattoo tommy and friends
TechStars' tells startup founders - don't give up. Redo, rehash & reapply.
tweeting stuff .
The Warriors lead the Spurs 89-87 with 8:56. If this is tied at the end of regulation, they should just flip a coin.
“: : can't wait to get off work and start working on bathing suits with !!”
Steve Blake!! This is sick, it would be like Tony Graffinino hitting 3 homers in game 7!!!
lol ok so i see ppl take dms seriously i barely check my dms bitches really get mad when u dont respond lol so they unfollow
Blah blah blah RT for Justin Bieber to follow you blah blah blah. Yeah... Cause he'll do that because you RT something you say >.> Fake.
Hear tell us what he's learned from failing! Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" Feb 26th, 9pm on
I'm hittin hard like a ape
so off topic! Wtf
Wait wait...that's not from Dumb and Dumber Michael!
#justsaying Not some, but All!
Anywho bout too watch tv till I go back too sleep , again lol
"I think the sequence is spectacular. It's like a ballet" Dante on the Fort Siege scene
You can always see the character of the man by the woman he chooses.
I feel so horrible.
Sitting at the ortho :/ ohh well it's gonna be a great day today(: maybe tan a little and try to invite over(:
Teen Historical Fun - BRIGHT YOUNG THINGS by Anna Godbersen (LUXE series) moves ahead two decades to follow Flappers in the 20s
Secret Service screwed the hookers physically and literally now metaphorically they want to screw them allegorically
