They say he went to a nearby school for at-risk kids. What did he do to have to b sent there?
My friends turned on gay boyband music. I locked myself in bathroom screamed rock band songs until I literally started coughing up blood.:-(
well you will eventually.
I love the Liquid-Plumber Double Impact commercial. It makes me laugh everytime.
this song hasn't stopped playing for the past 12 hours ... They were great
when are you done work freak?
that was supposed to be a smiley face! :)
“: Awesome having and working with us. They rock.” -- damn straight they rock. Hope you're well.
Since when did it become socially acceptable for you to fuck your girlfriend in the middle of the school hallway?
Matt Damon
That is right. Each plan does come with a 60 day free trial. If you have any questions, let us know support(at)simplegeo(dot)com
Do vegetarians eat animal crackers?
He said you were great! Said he was glad he attended! (His student Rachel performed.)
Feed The D will be at the Novi Expo in June!
what is good? Big shout out to my newest followers, songs up soon!
Happy Birthday to the best father in the world! I love you John Myatt and you are deeply missed. If you were here I would still say the same
I Was The 1st & Damn There Only Niggga Sippn Syrup On #ARC Campus On s Ahaha
Anyone out there have an extra ticket to today's Brewers game and need someone to go with?
Fluffy white stuff...
Cinco de drink-o!
did you already get rid ofo your MC ticket for the Columbus game? If not, I would love to come get it!
It's not coming on tomorrow anymore.
glorious day in the melting peach! Git on down to the cow and moodown on some tasty chips and queso, wash her down with a $5 rita! Giddy Up!
Excellent. P.S. I'm really digging your Jason Priestly T-shirt in your picture. Haha!
what gloomy weather here in LA reminds me of my hometown. #missing Europe so much right now
count me in
favorite iphone app?
Booktext looks worth a try. Collaborative authoring is so important.
r u coming here?? Stay the night
Leo's tonight my dude!!
Car crash with injuries at East 25th and Moline. Cops en route.
C.J. Watson (in my Stacey king voice)
Private tour of the picasso exhibit this morning made me realize I need to spend some time in there to really see it.
“: Yeah I can't even f*ckin sleep.” k tweet abt it
People who do not clean up after their pets, really piss me the hell off. Clean up after your damn pet, especially at parks. Kids play there
Now listing to Lil Kim Hard Core, just can't enough kim now that's my high!!!
Use this coupon for $39.99; full discount off 97 min Battle of Atlanta Video; go to www.xwarrior.tv; use coupon at checkout! Enj
#musicprobz “: Minor 7th chords are so beautiful.”
It is not joy that makes us grateful. It is gratitude that makes us joyful
Parents 'helped son cover up model's murder' The son of a wealthy jeweller strangled his model girlfriend in bed before his parents helpe
you're a second person to say that.
Just had a fast funn practice.. Damn was it awesome to play don't mean a thing! U told him Davey "paw" Mann these #pabst rr delicious!cheers
Sometimes you have to forget what you feel and remember what you deserve.
: Rhetoric is that point in space-time where a resistable force meets a movable object.
thank you!!!
Masters are in.. Loving them!!
It's young money motha fucka if ya ain't running with it run from it motha fucka
Admittedly feeling like the chicest thing on the block until I stepped out my front door and saw a Neapolitan mastiff get into a Town Car.
Make a wish and hope it's good cause we don't always get the second wish or that second chance
That was no dream, I'm coming for you
He blocked me and told me my tweets were stupid.
"Maybe some women aren't meant to be tamed. Maybe they need to run free until they find someone just as wild to run with them."
Everyone should go check out his movie hyphen
both of y'all sleep!
OMG SAME!
Trev starts against Colorado tomorrow. Who's side do I pick?
And yet, that doesn't seem like enough time!
Hey, follow me back?
If you gunna take it you better make it #❤🏀
... but Aaron you will be the one smiling when you come into work in a week not your CEO
I thought conservatives believed that the only way for govt. to create jobs was to get out of the way?
please text me... when you text me you make my day:)
My trust is in Cal to get the job done. The beauty is as a UK fan we need not worry about recruiting anymore.
There is nothing more unequal than the equal treatment of unequals.
Purple kush comes in pounds, roll it up...then blow it down
Last Year Alive!
Who's going to the big screen tomorrow? 🐧
his whole knee is gone ACL and MCL I believe.
Miss Universe Australia 2011 Scherri-Lee Biggs will be in attendance at the 21st Century Financial Education.
": Doing defensive slides on a slippery court... #BasketballProblems" these are the WORST!
Wow, #CILDC tweet archive just zoomed past 1100 - lots of keynote tweets.
Since the Mics in our pic belong to THE TEEN IDOLS we thought we should let everyone know they've decided to call it quits after 18 years!
Looking for 9-15 people to play in 10-16 team Fantasy League in Denver area. Live Draft will be next SatorSun.Fee is only 25-50.Send Message
It was great to see check in last week!
Melo can close games sorry bro
Great to see you last night I'm interning with the so hopefully we run into each other at the AT&T center again!
should have asked for fries
There comes a time when the mind takes a higher plane of knowledge but can never prove how it got there ~ Albert Einstein
Loofah Cookies are the BEST, when it comes to cleansing the skin, it's a 4x4 flat piece of loofah hand dipped in Goats milk based soap
My dogs are to funny, mailman gives them treats just about everyday and they still wanna rip in to him.....don't know why
follow !! listen to their music at www.myspace.com/poemaofficial
Family dominoes: I clearly played the best, my mom clearly won...
gud about time bc we been gone to damn long
a country that treats people fairly would be much cooler.
gerbe and ennis are clearly the future.......and the future's so bright I gotta wear shades
Start your week off right with breakfast!
Filed under "Things I'm very comfortable not understanding."
if he goes to the Celtics I'm never watching the NBA again
Barcelona Vs Real Madrid can't wait!!!!!
Man the heat might not lose a game the entire playoffs.
What ? I can't have a panda ??
let me keep this short and sweet you're the prettiest thing i ever did see (skin and bone ROAR)
Wow. Over the rainbow indeed. Junior #Seau. Goodnight.
You are too sweet!
get ready for cold gel on your abdomen it's a bit uncomfortable but other then that it's not that bad Good Luck!
WE HAVE SOME WINNERS
.. With millions of followers and dont give there fans the time of day.. Fuck it hire someone to do it for ya... One day
Helps us spread the word that we will be closed on Thursday for Thanksgiving. Get your fix now! Pls RT!
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches.
camping outside of paved numbered sites should now be considered a priveledge...not a right
Cool remix of "superstition"
#nowfollowing you back , thanks for the follow!
Hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible and achieves the impossible
Texting a boy for 5 minutes & he already used "whose" instead of "who's" and "your" instead of "you're"
Yay!!! RT : &amp; next week I will be visiting the space for
I was a huge Taz fan and they had him in a rivalry with Jerry Lawler? WTF
I've just applied for the position via LinkedIn. :)
#bdwupgrade How does an "idea" differ in the digital realm versus traditional advertising like braodcast and print?
hoho fiction and fact dance practice ^^.
oh no, the game is def theres. Though I'm a bit surprised - the game has gone back & forth quite a bit today. O's arent making it
love to discuss the future of PLE. one of the seven fantastic Tools
just gettin outta school finally.. wbu
Thanks, Sherry! Made it on #Yahoo several years ago.
RT - Jus got a dope Cleveland Indians snap. Some real old school shit not the Mitchell n Ness
#ItsAPirateLifeForMe This Summer We Makin Blockbusters
Happy New Year doll! Welcome to Prosperity!!!
Bonus: We'll have kid (& maybe even dog) hackers on-site to liven up tomorrow! cc
yea just landed
This weather is beautiful and confusing.
why would I hate you ? I don't have to tell Austin if you dont want me to
Rocking some 's been one hell of a fight!
FOLLOW ME
RT : heeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!! << how's the Fam?? Yankees vs Braves in a few weeks.
cucumber salad was much easier than I expected! Cucs, dill, onion, white wine vinegar, sugar, and salt.
That was lunch. More margaritas tonight in Augora.
Tip of the Day: When teeth start to appear in children, brush them with a child’s size toothbrush and plain water.
I like Nashville (picked them over DET) but don't think they have the horses to contend with either LAK or STL.
Let's get it Heat! King James is about to handle this!
Way to show some love!
ur like me. hungry all the time :-)
I may as well go ahead and put a pot of coffee of now. has already passed me twice.
Happy Birthday Jimmy Page
Anyone interested in creating advocacy group to sue Steve Wynn , Jon Kyl, Harry Reid, and Caesars for corruption , please dir me.
Developing a 3-hour "intro to archives" course for local government records management officers. So much to cover.
Don't you forget about me
Oops ;) you will probably book it though...!
#ArianaMadeOurYear!!!! Love u
isn't that the key to presentations, telling stories?
good morning! new items are up!
Watching the original Danish version of the Killing
In math with
You know you live in the back woods when everyone on your bus has a chew in haha and when it takes about 2 hrs to get home :/
Without question.
Who is gonna stop these #lakings?!?
I hope I get to see this weekend!! I miss her :(
False friends are like our shadow, keeping close to us while we walk in the *sunshine,* but leaving us when we cross into the *shade.* ....
its so nice to know i dont have any reading/gazillion questions to do over summer break
that looks like fun, but the real best party in #solar is the Milwaukee Solar Tailgate we do here! ;)
Just a reminder that we do have #NHL Center Ice for all you hockey fans in #Madison!
Dead. Already.
will have to check the hotel out next time we visit relatives in boise. Always looking for venues to display healthy chocolate
garyirodriguez The fiercest dragon sleeps in peace, while the disquieted sheep fear the famished wolves.
Herman Cain should be criticized by the republicans.
The future of work & innovation: Platforms, Parallelization, Productivity -
Think Ima go home tonight, I just wanna lay in my bed and sleep good. Over it....
yeaa same here...unless there mixed with asian or indian it may pass...depends
A great many thanks to Thomas from ReachLocal for bringing us coffee today. We are enjoying it!
All the best people have birthdays today: you, me, Duke Ellington, Michelle Pfeiffer, Uma Thurman, Daniel Day Lewis...
Another quiz which is my favorite band
Even if your interview is on the radio, visuals are a good idea. Visuals give the radio reporter or host something to see and talk about.
Aww ! I didn't even notice if you were at lunch or not :/
Yes those good old days when I had nothing to worry about but boy bands. LOL
i decided long ago. Never to walk in anyone's shadow. If I fail, if I succeed, at least I lived as I believed.
Just heard the craziest story.... My brother met one of justin's old friends from Canada tonight in Myrtle. #WhytheHELLwasntIthere... FUCKKK
I ate the mango skins
"We Are The Endless Colors Of God's Perfect Rainbow" A quote From the Book "Color Me love by" Tsikki Thau
At the LATFOB this weekend inspired by ,
Let me do all the thing you want me to do cus tonight baby I want to get freaky with you
follow me please i love your44t6
I mean what the hell perez. Too tired to type
Rip Joe Frazier great icon. You left your legacy for us to remember.
You deserve someone who can make you a better person. Someone who will never give up on your weakness.
Tamron, you look absolutely stunning
That's proof of God's love right there.
were you distributed by Hal Leonard
way to clap back bro....
Want perfectly poreless skin? New trick pair pore-filling primer with a velvet- finish foundation. Let primer sit for 3 minutes then apply
Lmfaooo ! Tyler the creators punk'd episode is funny as fuck !!!!! <3 Gotta Love him .
is distributing farm-to-table in Jamaica, Queens.
These niggas trippin to yall? The straight to me.
RT would be cool if kids had to dissect and identify components of dead electronic devices the way they do dead frogs.
As a #Ravens fan, I really hope the San Diego game is flexed out of primetime. I want the next 4 games to be as business-like as possible.
thank you so much. you're wonderful.
call us @ 1-888-fix-iPhone
Half baked Pizza available upon request. Finish it at home & enjoy the “Just Baked” sensation!
Stake out. Could be big news. More to follow.
: I struggle with the mess. But soaking it and letting it sit overnight w/ suds usually does the trick!
Cheap shot by Giroux and Hamels intentionally throwing at Harper..stay classy Philly
I've never cared for someone so much as how I cared for you.
So tempted to put in work... But gotta obey my pops..
I smack around every weekend he knows better.
Our intention creates our reality. ~Wayne Dyer
Father of The Bride! Thanks Lifetime
LOTS of lower el teachers in my building are hooked on it. I kinda thought it was silly til they persuaded me!
Does Chance _ever_ go to his right, to the byline? Feels like he ALWAYS comes back
and whats the deal with tonight ? Are we on in the Studio Beatzz?
den dont say "txt me" daang
Hooked on "Draw Something" but weird that people wouldn't know what "Vegas" is or who "Beatles" are...? ("Latte" and "Adele" ok though!)
Home working on a projects. Wassup?
Only www.knowledgesafari.com has #reviews by and for the #specialneeds community. Have u wrttien a review yet? Pls RT!
I've done a lot of difficult things in my day, but by far the hardest so far has been trying to focus on exams as a senior
20 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CONGRATULATIONS!!!! ♥
I get so lonely cause I don't have a boyfriend!!😣 any volunteers???
Who came into my Starbucks today looking for me?
Opening act tonight is comprised of 15 year olds. Lead singer in braces and an adidas track suit. Currently covering Radar Love. LOVE IT.
Good Morning Tweeters!!! Time to enjoy the weekend..
"I didn't know i was allowed to write my own opinion. Where's the citation for that?" -actual student comment.
the one by my apartment does.
Not typical of a Saturday but was in my office all day. #Intuit Small Business Support is my friend.
Boys that dance fast <
Thanks man! Glad you guys caught up.
Affinia isn't too far. Rooms are small, though. W-Lakeshore, maybe. Beldon-Stratford is right there, but so-so.
Western Summit next weekend would be a great venue
Hey lady! When you getting in?
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
LEADBELLIES!!!! PRUNE BROTHERS!!! UNITE!!!! THIS FRIDAY BE DAMNED, HELL WILL SPILL FROM THE MAW OF THE CORRUPT
#20ThingsAboutMe 6.) I'm tongue tied, and I hate it.
It's good morning by now, so good evening to you! I'm still getting accustomed to this whole Twitter business.
And in other news, I hate being a chick. How are you all? :)
Thanks Alison! Good to see you online again post-CALICO
I dig it! Flashback Friday, it is! ;)
When the fuck are you going to realize im not one of your fucking ex bfs?
What are you doing! Get out of there, you sell out!!
I mean I don't want to sound..idl what I'm talking about I do bug I don't right now. *but
at the kick-a-thon raising money for Relay For Life cancer research
Who started this new bay shit.
Hey! Were you in the PW program?
I don't drink very often...but I'd love to be drunk right about now...
Loud music audible at my house 2 miles from campus on game day - very exciting. On a work night - super annoying. Meh... Grand Prix!
"Silence" Is The BEST Payback To Every UNGRATEFUL Person Out There!!
Darren is close getting his first feature film deal!
Ur tweets be so real.... lol... thats why i followed u!!! :)
Watching this 48 hours where the girl was too sheltered and turned rebellious.. this is going to be me. :o
WHAT'S WRONG U JETLOUS LMAO
no fair. I wish I was able to go to LA. :(
Watching A Bug's Life in my mom's office. I used to watch this movie all the time when I was little!
GameFly is sending me Uncharted 3: Drake's Deception PS3 & Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood 360.
That awkward moment i had no idea someone tweeted that.. im just singing gaga lyrics from Highway Unicorn..
Smart, intuitive, able to work in teams, great interpersonal skills, enthusiastic: what Nutter is looking for in new hires
Morning twitter , GREAT morning ^_^
Watching true life I have orthorexia all I want to do is yell at these people to go to McDonald's
& I'm out playing pool "/
I'm glad i look like a straight scrub today..
What about zombie night at an outdoor history museum? Would it fly? Sounds terrific to me.
Feel free to check out my new book titled "Consequeces" by Yolanda Flournah-Perkins. Based on a true story of my life. Enjoy!
Whatup big homie, let me holla at you when you get a minute
<whistling> <twiddling thumbs>
hmm methinks we need to get some speaking gigs in NZ, guys.
Telling someone who self-harms to 'just stop doing it' is like telling a drug addict to sit in a room full of drugs and touch nothing.
I make a great first impression.. People usually have to learn to dislike me! :)
I'm bummed that I missed the event at Mullets the other night! I planned to stop by but didn't realize that it ended at 7:30
I think this breach just proves the "Big Miss" that is the PCI requirements. They can't secure their own environments.
anything you'd recommend?
Love the whole Ricky Martin. Happy birthday commercial on #grammys Real nice!
But the professional diversity is even better: grad students, faculty, librarians, higher ed IT people, community college, etc.
Loved seeing our hotel and Citrus Restaurant on last night! We had a great time hosting y'all!
my bby like tht wid me..he want his daddy
I never know what to post on facebook anymore.
What The Heck Is This Thing? via
Everything I've learned from past relationships has brought me here, and I can honestly say I am completely in love.
Good habit to break RT i remember when i used to smoke i hid that shit from my dude.even if he caught me high i still used to lie
Wednesday is fast approaching and along with it WCA Chapter 8 at PushPush Theater, 9pm. Look upon us and despair!
Reminder of the day: Slowdown; at least long enough to think. I am going to be a shoe-in for Home Depot's
that cookie 👎👎👎 something's wrong with me lol
Hey newspaper readers, do you read the front page all at once, then pick up the jumps as you encounter them, or read the jumps one by one?
lol! will it traumatize me?! I'm going to watch it!
It wasent my fault.
Awesome time at the ITExpo in Miami. Congrats to the guy who won the car and a shout out to for a great video presentation
May life bring you the finest #blessings!
yes... i find facebook approaches odd on many levels. maybe it wil move to singapore? :?
As someone who works for both large and small nonprofits, I don't find that to be true. Put the amt in context & emotion scales.
We just went over 10,000 followers on !
So....how's everyone's brackets looking? Still got all Final Four teams in?
Met a friend at the National Gallery and saw the exhibit Colorful Realm: Japanese Bird-and-Flower Paintings by Itō Jakuchū. Beautiful.
Happy Frozen Food Month! Have a Pizza Roll...
Temple run is so addicting (:
i'm sorry but i decided to stay home so i wasn't tardy and get probation xD but you know i luv ya
Check out my post about Lark Voohies
Go #Chargers!
I'm reading Wicked Plants by Amy Stewart.
Fac. Dev. Session (NW College) BL course design and implementation increased confidence w/ tech
dm. Does that interest include pilots for us?
OH: she had a trash stash of ants. (cc: )
Aw! Yay! Sorry I haven't been keeping up on my blogs like I used to. LOL.
How u doing im watchin this raven steeler game
Golden Oreos for "lunch"... Yum...
lol Where you @?
"Best. Best. Best. Best. Best. Best. Best. Best..." This boy knows his stuff!
Thanks for the #FF. Right back at you!
no but it sounds awesome. Share?
Thank you to #emhe for all the work in Joplin. For those of us who lost family during the tornado, it truly makes a difference.
from now on im not answering to KHIRAN u call me Mikael or Mojo
A thing is right when it tends to preserve the integrity, stability, and beauty of the biotic community.
Good God, Steve. I think you caught someone's bad luck. :/
Maybe... I see in your bio that you're a "proud Chicagon". Does that mean you're a Bulls fan?
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen you miss a step
This Paper should have only taken me 40 min to do... but with the help of Facebook, Twitter, ITunes, Texting and Fruit Ninja it took 2 hours
#20ThingsAboutMe 13. My mom finally caught me in a blatant lie just a month ago. After 18 years.
Oh lol. Well I'm checking out this dude's studio and he's got some great gear. Maybe one day I'll get to record you! :)
wow you tweet a lot of quotes haha
Thanks, Sir! Wasn't that just taken last week in our Area 51c?
30% off per day
haha you're perfect. I'm stuck at work for another half hour then going to a party
you thirsty right now son lol sit back ... Grab a snack .... And watch da money pile up lol #MList M is for million my nig
I love you too. =)
Watched Dispicable Me with my family.
Have you heard of the resume element that can make your qualifications stand out among other job hunters and get you into more interviews?
Tweet us what part of the world you're from!
Can't wait to worship w/ the ALWC fam this morning. Starting a brand new teaching series "ASK-SEEK-KNOCK".
"are you gonna play anthony green?" ...... "are you gonna play baby girl?"
Congrats !!!! I love you!
um, DUH.
You either have to be first, best or different ~ Loretta Lynn RT :
let me know how it is yo
true. We need someone else on the pitching staff. Going into the season with what we have, not looking good.
I Hit My Twitter Follow Limit. Seems u can only follow 2K peeps b4 twitter cuts you off. I need more followers so i can follow u back!
I love buying things for other people. 😊
Yep, 64 days and I am excited and kind of nervous I am forgetting to do something! haha thx for reaching out :)
#WeWontWork for free!
How are my followers doing so far ?
If u wanna get down on these hairy balls why don't you jump rigjt in, its a crothch party right up in here
You can write off any hard costs you had in setting up sites, etc. But you can't write off the income, b/c it was service income
What's good with cha Brah. Been a min
Anyone want to skype with me? :c
Nice shoutout to in Kevin Spacey tribute at
Today sucks
Hating Cousins Subs! It is not a deal if you add things I said I DON'T want to my sub!
to be fair that's a pretty loaded question
Download any songs and get my Ebook, "Found Ground" on me, Andrea!
Craziest #marcfail ever...chugging backward because someone "forgot" a wheelchair on the Odenton platform. This raises so many questions.
Ps...I'm drunk
LMAO...“: Haha RT Congrats to #Avengers...you just helped Disney pay for #JohnCarter...”
Being sick also means you get ~ 500 tweets behind in 2 days - Huh.
I enjoyed that collapse very much.
Is it bad to wanna beat the SNOT out of someone else's kid for bullying ur kid???
slam poets ha!
I like seeing Durant participating in sports
does jt have ps3 or xbox 360?
#TEDMED : Interfaith effort put forth Daniel Plan to promote healthy living thru religious communities. Have lost 250,000 lbs.
I just remembered it's friday the 13th. o:
Meredith College Reaches Out to Spanish-Speaking Applicants: Meredith College has developed a "College... dlvr.it/mBXj1
One of the most exciting Finishes of a championship in sports history. Fan or not gotta give props to Man City. For that last min. Comeback
Busy day tomorrow. Take care of business.
What the heck was that?
Nobody promised it would be easy they promised it would be worth it.
Good morning #tweeps!
Hey, some of our locations do, and they might just be coming back to more of them next year ;-)
That's Jay I am quoting by the way
Time to go back to #Kindergarten! "Eye see these Squares 🔲 don't fit in my circle 🔴" so duck duck goose.... N!&&@$ ★Da Public's Eye★
My life starts again at 2 p.m. tomorrow.
Cool. Thanks! Will try to swing by there tomorrow.
Followed Back :)
What kind of work do you hope to do?
Get it girl Good Luck! <3
This girl is incredibly hot at the moment!!!!!!!!!!
Bob's Burgers rules. Have you seen Regular Show on Cartoon Network? It's hilarious.
- hm ... worried about a certain wager?
I'm quickly learning that I make a decent Cyrano de Bergerac, though I lack the extruding nose...
The best thing about growing older is that now you don't feel the need to impress anyone.
Putting his invaluable tweets aside, you should follow for his cat avatars :-)
Darvish is getting stroked
please follow and let her know i sent yuuuuu she is an amazing singer!
Oh that's the way to do it
omgg can't wait for those it's gunna be like Christmas morning 🎄🎅🎁
When I played with it last Prezi was like power point on steriods
Dinner at the MG Invite, pulled pork sandwiches, worth the trip.
Butler Vo-Tech, A.W. Beattie, Forbes, Penn St. Beaver : Here's looking at you.
I know. NASCAR does not want to see a Tuesday race. They'll do anything it takes to get that race going
Enjoying 's talk at #sxsw. Going to play around with SuperBetter. Who wants to be my ally?
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 42
Do you know where you're going when you die?
Got some cool things in store for tomorrow night at D-Fest! Anyone that brings us CHICKFILA sweet tea tomorrow will get a free CD.
Looking for some fun new jewelry and accessories? Stop by Beauty Store and check out our oh-so-cute necklaces, earrings, rings, and more!
We leave on the 10th! Right after graduation :)
awesome poster! Do you think you can bring it with you of we have a #Movember #meetup?
I hope you'll consider bringing back in 2011. North Texas needs to experience her music more often.
I could take you.
I wanted to throw up halfway through that.
Hah, no you're not alone!
#6WordSciFiStory - Teleportation insurance is expensive but necessary.
a bunch of drafts that didn't go through at certain shows all went out tonight. sorry about that!
I did! And it rocks.
Hey Copper Bowl...do we need a reservation? What a disappointment.
twitter's overwhelming. if you want to talk, facebook me!! ELLICE PARK, im probly the only one !! :) bye bye bye bye
Trombone for the win! Nice!
its all over now baby blue
its happened before but then again tonight
#museum friends: I need ex's of traveling exhibits that don't look like a sci fair board or an airport kiosk. Is mobile + pretty possible?
I believe that baby Jesus would want to open for Jordan knight in Atlanta. I do too.
LAST DAY!!! EVA's Annual Query Contest~ DEADLINE is Sept. 15th!!!! Final round judge of bit.ly/nLdtqn
I'm sleeptweeting!
haha honestly I think you hate every player if they don't play for the Steelers hahaha(: jk
I'm watching Snow White and The Seven Dwarfs lol luv this movie
Test tweet
I mention Rome, ga.
Beautiful day for baseball
Did you ever watch a dream manifest?
1 year anniversary of #thedecision today so I'm taking my talents to athens tonight
you can give a damn but you cant give a fuck.
I guess it is possible for anyone to hack in to an account - my postings today have not been my own - beware of ads from me!
Makn moves today
is experiencing technical difficulties. If you are trying to reach me on my cell apologies - go luck!! :-)
another great show buuuuuuudddyy
Oh well it aint our fault she cant stop gettin into stuff
Ugh the last exam in my Vet Tech subject for Penn Foster doesn't work! :(
If I were a checkbook, where would I be?
Yep! “: Oh, you talk shit about our mutual friend to me? I can't wait to leave so you can talk shit about me too.”
Hmm- who got for the nba. U got the inside scoop Mami? Happy new year - let me know if u want party for new years
wow... I hope you aren't mad they won, with your circumstantial due factor! Bad call! Big W for the boys
p.s I am in the class and loving it. Really helpful class.
m Oh well. Sorry I was being a jerk there. I was just tired.
Thank you Lauren! Let's make this final push for our future, Baltimore! “: +1 for !”
yea, the amalah thing. Like I said, I know it's 'old news' but it's super creep.
Sorry to bring up bad memories :( But I'm glad you enjoyed the quote!
it really annoyed me that after the merger only a few guys got pushed. RVD, Dudleys were exceptions
Hopping in the shower...have Basketball Wives playing in my bathroom as I shower.
do you guys still have t-shirts?! I've been at work all day and don't want to wear my Unofficial shirt 3 years in a row!
Bookend workouts with healthy snacks or meals to get the most out of them! Fuel before and refuel after!
that is so true. He is pretty hilarious. Also he likes your hair :)
LANE LANE LANE!
"True enjoyment comes from activity of the mind and exercise of the body; the two are united." -Alexander von Humboldt
i love it more.
I'm always tired during the day, and I think it's because I'm a night owl. I wake up at 10 p.m. and can't fall asleep until 1 or so.
Not to be all bloodthirsty and shit, but If they found bin Laden after he had already died from kidney failure or something
Just cost me 80 bucks to fill up the land rover. Holy crap.
hi gal am jst new to twitter how u doing.
#GAlivestream me too!
If hell is other people, then, considering we're born wedded to ourselves and incapable of filing for divorce, where are we when alone?
“: you are so talented! I love how you put The Crue first on it. #cruetiltheend” HELL YES, thanks for noticing!
#eluna09 picked up a couple of useful Access function tips I can use right away from Michael North's session this am
You niggas ain't real & I only got 1 letter for y'all, The letter P.
Thats that shit I don't like 😲
thank you for supporting our team :)
singing and playing tonight in Metuchen NJ at Novita, 7 - 11 PM. Come by and say hello!
And the Bucs were doing so well a little while ago...Ah well. Rooting for the Underdogs is kinda fun, and that, dear folks, is what we are.
Hearing a bro tell his bros about craft beer. Totally want to give him a bro-five, bro.
never read one of her books
I just ate dinner so now it's nap time. After my nap it will be time to get get up so I can go to bed....grunt
Thank you! (some person randomly unfollows) <- lol
Do you seek competition or do you wait to get hit over the head by it?
#np climax - usher
Russia, Russia, Russia here we come!
In the Music meeting
I finally got my head together; now my body is falling apart.
i didnt want this kind of icecream but it was good
It's Sunday and my 2yr old asked me why i wasn't watching
looking forward to seeing you tomorrow!
Wtf is going on at the Roosevelt redline??? I've never seen so many emergency vehicles in one spot.
Break a Leg Talent Manangement Photo Shoot March 11, 2011
Should have been there . It doesnt really matter now . You're gone .
I think you're right, I will probably be cutting at least two or three sites that I can think of right now :)
Today is International Pancake Day! Go to IHOP, make a pancake sandwich, necklace, shake, blanket...just go wild y'all.
I'm str8 and u papii
I cannot read the Strib's profile of new Wild enforcer, who sounds like a great guy, without getting angry.
16 yr ok cashier at the mall " never heard of" foursquare - maybe step up your marketing game
MORNING !! CITY GEAR OPEN AND YES WE HAVE THE AF1'S. TAKE AN EXTRA 20% OFF ALL RED TAG SHOES AND APPAREL!! HURRY IN SALE END TOMORROW :)
May 24, 25, and 26 :') omg you should go!!!
i need to get a life cause this aint no life
Tomorrow is 4/20 i'ma be smokin all day
Back to #DC from my NYC to San Francisco to NJ adventure. Happy2 celebrate Fat Tuesday by curling up to Arrested Development.
12 hours since my Critical support ticket was issued and no response.
IM SO MISERABLE.
#HUMPDay ... & it's dragging along ... with lack of sleep not getting much accomplished at all ... ugggghhhh #GucciMane #Voice lol
is a great FAMILY
easy to say when not married yet
Nice! RT We've got 4 hours of Beastie Boys on the iPod & Titos Vodka Moscow mules on menu tonight. May the 4th be with you.
I don't want to be stuck between Passover and Pentecost, knowing only the Lamb that takes away sin but not the Baptizer in the Holy Spirit.
10 bucks that not one of you mofos returning from college will hit me up to hang out....college changes people damn.
Awesome salmon and Oxbow photos, Michael! (The kid's pretty cool too.) Thanks for sharing them.
she should bring you 😱
it's gorgeous
gon gamble wiv show me im tha man.. shake it on the floor like a dice pon ya hand.. let me see that ass...roll...roll..roll...
I wanna see this! Fascinating! I know u are gonna b awesome...can u swing by FL. and get me?:-*
I hope you spoiled your mom today.
I don't know that I can actually go inside tonight, it's been such a beautiful day!
followed who nice to her, like me :D she totally followed me/us (= can you believe that?
U MAD BRO?
Barley going to bed! Goodnight!!
Hello Professor! How are You? Hope all is going well with the new semester! Oh, what say You about the new Shakespeare Film?? :)
Really wish I wasn't awake right now..
thank you! we had a blast this week- thanks for having us!
I love you too Eli <3333
Godfather theme at work. Everyone rise for the nation anthem
Thank you to all who followed us in 2011! We look forward to continuing our work to protect Maryland's historic places with you all in 2012.
In the studio today! How's your day? :)
i see was following like a bunch of people...and i wasnt one of them...
♬ Thanks so much for following , Much appreciated. ♬
On saturday is having a pig roast in the street! We'll be hosting the Church Brew Works Brewers!
You notice how crackheads are always running errands and stuff at barbershops?
Crawl- Chris Brown
This month, 1 out of 4 kids will be abused by another youth. Support ’s anti-bullying program to help change this!
Why are people so judgmental? fuck society and what they think you should be.
Great show
hey hi
Happy 176th Texas Independence Day!
What the fuck have class tomorrow
Same here. I think they think you're up to something
Really hoping the rain stays away, because it is a GLORIOUS night for kickball and Redmond's.
Getting excited to go see The Hunger Games with tonight!
Congrats to ! We followed her #bostonmarathon race online. Great Job!!
I played you last week?The 15 move limit has taken me out of it... id like to improve my team, but obv have to wait till playoffs
61 hours until the #holidays and we're STILL short on presents. Any last minute frantic shoppers coming with us to Fashion Valley?
going to go see Theory Of A Deadman! (:
... OK, you have to stop this. Its not fair
IDGAF about you or ya weak ass crew!
A nice welcome back to twitter with a ToTD from . Thanks.
i'm ready for this show comin up.!!:D
Need to try something different..to get new results....
Tuesday is Tampa's Best Latin Night at w/ Son Salvaje going on at 8:30pm -Salsa lessons at 9pm!
nice i like that
Good Morning. Never let loyalty & kindness get away from you. Wear them like a necklace; write them deep within your heart. Proverbs 3:3
Great Season, Tough Ending.
You're gonna regret that. ☺
and looking up loans..
"Uncle play with me." Nephew's
When I get nightmares, I watch Phineas & Ferb... Yeeeeaaah (:
Won $155 today in Black Hawk
I'm excited about the release of the 1940s census! Why? I am connected as my grandparents and great grparents will be part of...
Anthony said all of his girls are collectables. Aka Tess Bria Gelila etc.....
Never live in the past but always learn from it. ~ Anonymous
Everyone is talking about it & it's a trending topic :0
have fun with summer school 👌
We'll definitely catch up
Getting ready for todays appointments and sling some ink. You can watch Tattoo Jay tatt live It`s free.
spring break has been so boring
Head-banged to #Fearless by so much today, that I already knew the words before I saw the lyric vid.
A very warm welcome to the island of #Belize! Fast fingers needed for #iOS game! Enjoy!!
Loving the fact that we have a Kinect after watching my hubby demo Mass Effect 3 yesterday. Seriously awesome interactivity.
Went go cart riding, lazer tagging, saw a band perform, sky zone, fireworks t end the night...... yep beautiful day!!!
I would feel like absolute crap on westest day.
Great seeing yesterday! Locales may change, but good friendships never do! :)
Check us out at www.hisstorymusicgroup.com for music, bookings, and other info about the label!
Welcome Christine, michael and kara!
catching up on last nights
I just ate a piece of my candy bar that landed on my keyboard. Dirty chocolate tastes the same as clean chocolate.
Cris Carter is consistently your best guest. He provides insight you just don't hear anywhere else.
Placing bets as to of I can sleep this entire 15 hour flight to Sydney. I totally think I can do it!
looking forward to it
I'm asking myself the same thing with the story I'm writing.
Dreams take time, patience, sustained effort, a willingness to fail, if they are ever to be anything more than dreams.
I love your son to death. He thinks he's the worst singer out of them all. No way<3 He's an amazing singer! He's lovely!
and other copy editors distracted by Scripps Spelling Bee on TV in newsroom. It's our Super bowl!
OMG! Best day ever<333
Hargrove might be OK
“: Adriana Lima > David Beckham” What??? No!!!
no.. I'm usually not haha
My phone has no battery life, just a battery dead.
no but Couch and Akli drafted before and after do.
Happy birthday! xx :*
If it looks like shit, smells like shit, the odds of it being shit are likely.
What do you like most about running???
I'm getting over #Regis's last show by getting pumped for tonight. 7pm y'all.
At my cousin's house slept over didn't sleep till 5:00 in the morning.
one measure: tweet about a lecture. people attend lecture. count them. if twitter brings them to the lecture, this helps them learn?...
love the video, thanks for the follow!
I love it too!
its a good new look for u
Nothing like reading a good book.
Does anyone follow these new candidates for President 2012? All it seems they want is to put Obama out of office. And then what? Better USA?
Judge David Doty is a hero for ruling in favor of the NFL players union...
#neverstopbelieving also, your tattoo is turning out amazing!!
I really wish made it clearer which features are standard and not, bummer, to much work to figure out and I'm moving on to others
Tonight at 9:00 pm. Playing The 10 Mile House. 9420 Grazois Rd, Afton, MO Come by if your in the neighborhood! See you there.
not helping!!
happy birthday! (:
for when you are just barely thirsty.
Lake Oswego golf Good Luck today at Oregon GC - will catch u guys on back 9...
The band is playing a Bread cover at this party
Saw #Ivanov this weekend. Impressed!
Thanks for (re)posting that interview w/ Gary Kurtz.
Good-Music-H
:Machine Gun Kelly better than Yelawolf.<< I agree
whatever you say 💁
So can't wait for the #BroadMinded synopsis of
NOTE TO SELF: Do not REPEAT Do not wear Low Riders to work! You have no "booty" for that, Boy!
“: The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed.” Oh Jonathan.. I feel the same way<3
What would you, the potential customers, like to see sold besides spirits, wines, and beer? Every idea matters!
If you don't love pain, you don't love to live, cause life is so painful it hurts everyday!
your cheeks n lips should be around the same shade
Damn I feel bad for DRose
Cuz it's a horrible movie maybe? RT Hahaha why have I never watched semi-pro before?!?!
that shits been done now get me some followers ya fuckin panzy
nice to see you! Come audit a class with me!
": “: sucks to be a star LOL”y'all just have a habit of getting in our way"handing you a tissue
Working on very different design in lavender, eggshell white and silver. Think lady buccaneers- having a really good, swashbuckling time!
yea they should
Ahh, so much love from the Dirty Five-Thirty!
Are you craving for ? $3 Chicken and Waffles. Only w/ a
the amount of #ToyStory posters on eBay before sellers even receive it is unconscionable … by no fault of Mondo, but still sucks
Friday is finally here party people!! A little pool action today and party time tonight!! Who's in!?
Our owner Jennifer featured Red Birds Pinot Noir and Mommy's Time Out wines on this morning with McGraw Milhaven!!
And when the 5 won't do those tricks, you'll need to buy an iPad 6
Josh Hamilton wow! 4HR
suck a nigga dick
just happened to me like 5 minutes ago haha
aww poor you where is your Alice
TGIF Fitness! Xo
on council friday night, you need to be paid more!
I recommend following if you are not already. He owns the excellent programmer
Also a piece from a mom to her daughter. Tissues! I need tissues, STAT!
The way some are acting, you won't be happy until Tressel is dead. Shame on him for finding another job! You'd think he committed murder.
WHY WOULD YOUR DAD DO THAT
FOLLOW --> <-- SHE LOVES JUSTIN BIEBER & NEEDS FOLLOWERS! THANKS!
Wish HTC would push FroYo to the Incredible. Tired of waiting.
oh yeah I zonked on the bus almost instantly. Thanks again for the invite!
Hahaha, sorry man- If I come up with a magic potion, you'll be the first to know!
Now I'm hungry...thanks
I'm prepared to call you my favorite mistake, but not for carrying one for the next nine months, so wrap your shit up.
I was up in the other building all day
Tweet tweet, we in here mayne!
I can already tell tomorrow isn't going to be a good day...!
that puppy is so cute!
WHO WATCHED THE FOR HIM CONCERT LIVE STREAM FRIDAY NIGHT???? Give us your feedback of the event!!!! We would love to know your review...
I would say a car is your best bet! (:
I was on the live stream earlier - not A list enough for prime time! Ha!
where can i check out some of ur music online, see what u got cooking
sorry i just don't enjoy his music!! haha
The funniest part is all the old HS friends of my roommate who are IMing/texting him and saying "OMG I SAW YOU ON THE INTERNET!"
Haha thanks joe. Hope all is well.
The CumberLord and as usual they were a bunch of ignorant idiots.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 36
LOVE YOU Mamie , I just join this twitter thing lol late like everything else in life lol xoxoxo love you
MDA is known for wearing down his players. first year STAT was here he played a career high in minutes under MDA
#sotellmewhy gas has to be so damn expensive!! -_o
Blocked from my mind RT : Rockets won title in 1995 with 47 wins.
Only my lil cousin would be updating her fb status In active labor. Smh. Lol
go to our website and their are some links for the paperwork, are you ally? If so we look forward to working with u soon!
Crunching campaign finance numbers ... 75% of #WalkerFailure contributors from out of state in latest report
LOL! I liked it!
so how did you go?
Reasons why im weird- while I was talking to my teacher I looked at my nose and he told me to stay in school
We are starting to get calls for Halloween tours...get a group and book up soon!
Thanks for a great interview with Mark Green and David Bowen on
Tar and feather him...gotta love conservative radio..funny
Man I need to hoop today. I need a good cram session in my life.
Pretty good! Hows it goin with you?
THANK THE LORD!!! MY PHONE ISN'T BEING BLOWN UP BY TWEETS FROM ! YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE HOW MANY TIMES I'VE HEARD MY RINGTONE!!!
thinks everyone is in HOJO
DECEMBER 19, 2012 IS MY GRADUATION READY FOR THAT DAY TO COME READY FOR THE NEXT CHAPTER IN MY LIFE.
Electronics giant, Best Buy, considers sales refocus » New Shack ...
After discouraging headwind yesterday and only 40 mi. we did 50 no prob this morn and are now in joe & sue's luxury suite.
RIGHT! Brother.
I'm looking forward to it.
#nf He dont have a girlfriend but would like a girlfriend....
was at lunch sorry. Back now. Still need me?
the statue or the dog in the background? :-)
Wow. It's a good day to be Mike Rupp! Have to be honest, I miss him on the
Why are you bitching tna? Be happy you even have a job with your worthless shit.
Ofcourse it starts to rain the period after I had to run the mile 😡
F.H. Furr Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Fluffernutter is amazing. I dunno how I missed out for so long!
while i'm talking to you i'll call you back after i clean my room :-)
That's the huge question; their reply should be interesting...
Finally its betta then ur dreams .
Shaving is never an option!
Alas, the Vikings aren't moving to Los Angeles. So much for the #LAVikings jokes. And my tax dollars will partially pay for it. C'est la vie
good point!! hope one day I'll know I made a difference for my Ss
RT LOL Letestu as a first line center....I remember this all too well. Poor James Neal. Paired w Kovalev and Hobbit
good to hear that
so tired... idk if steps will happen this evening
Great. Gonna watch the Mircale of Life now -_- kill me
When your crush says " K " don't be sad, get glad. every kiss begins with k.
also, is the reason only one manning is stupid enough to play in the NFC.
I gotta bad bitch, yea dat bitch RIGHT!
Watching super bad! best movie ever!:)
this happens to me, too, and I like how you put words to it. What should we call the phenomena?
61 yr old mid major coach is a home run? I spose he was probably ready to retire to Florida anyways
Come to Park Meadows Mall 2day from 3-430 to buy tix for our show TOMORROW in Denver! Call 303-483-5208 to meet up, 1st person gets free tix
I like when a guy shows his emotions.
� Any relationship primarily built on physical attractiveness is predestined to be short lived. �Zig Ziglar
they took it off the air at midnight. you should follow for more info.
RT : Come on, Milwaukee! It's time to Defeat the Wheat! No upcharge on any #GlutenFree menu item, & 2-4-1 New Grist beers! Today!
Motherfucking Black Keys tonight. Can't wait to wiggle.
I have not forgiven Rick Warren for The Cone of Silence Incident so don't retweet him to me.
YOCO you only cute online... That defiantly applies here
Isn't that crazy! Someone referred to it as a building barfing books!
Gaining a Competitive Advantage in Project Interviews in Rm 11A begins in 8 min.
I just learned the phrase "cultural competence" from & My question - just whose culture? Must learn more.
Headed from CLT on the 7:35am flight to LAX this morning. If you are at the airport come up and say hi.
Waiting 4 The AVENGERS to start
Thank You! I loved BGSU Battle of the bands!!! after I won- homecoming was the chilliest gig ever! the Falcon says, skawwwwwwwwwk yea!
im doin it while u talk bout it
He was fairly stoic. Ate it like you would imagine a rabbit eats a carrot. I hated the way it sounded at he chewed it.
- yes like their better! Gtfoh!!
Is Barbie Headed for Early Retirement?
Touche. Maybe (hopefully) I'll be working at some Physical Therapy place here though!
Like, even twins! One "usually"leads a fab life, while sometimes the other goes a totally diff route.
what about Emily? And on jv is caraline Kayla brittany Dee darilyn. i think the girl who couldn't be here today made jv too
im in the cut rollin up im on my WizKhalifa-
I am thinking about getting a Mercedes-Benz A 180 CDi for a new car!
I was talking with him on the phone while they were all watching the finale (with her in the room)
Lively board mtg today. 3 prospective members brought new energy and ideas around Financial Plan and team develpment.
Local Flavor: Matteo's: The 'secret' restaurant: And there's a good reason for this: there's no sign outside the modular white restau...
A dining hall lady just told me I made one of the best grilled wraps she's ever smelled! And it's vegan!
I think it's time to stage a #Yankees intervention with
There is a guy at Panera with his 21" iMac playing WoW.. apparently we aren't dedicated enough to Apple.
How do you get a baby to go to sleep
Currently preparing an "alphabet soup of HR" training. Not a bad way to spend my Friday afternoon!
Great list! Be sure to check out for #speechtherapy as well :)
i wish && could help me with pranks (;
yoga righton gl at the tables ,,,,,,,
Didn't get a chance to take class today. No worries, we have 5 classes tomorrow.
i love this! RT Used book stand helped raise $20K for Support the Troops; how to share books with troops: mbist.ro/pDvjNj
I just finished a 3.26 km run with a time of 17:25 with Nike+ GPS.
MT : JPMorgan bets & loses $2Bil, 9.3% drop in share value, then fires top female exec, leaving CEO Jamie Simon unscathed.
Really? Tell me more.
i may look calm, but inmy head i've already killed you three times
lol ugggghhh. You really wanna fight! Depends? Really?
He has that theta sparkle!
seeing the vow with (:
“What you seek is seeking you.” ― Rumi
Did anything get accomplished besides being hungry #confused laughing? HA! =D
I totally agree! “: "Mean Spirits" by = hit hit hit!!”
We are hiring a quality engineer if anyone is interested.
Hell Week for choir silly :)
Yep. Darn APUs.
Thank you all! Or at least those of you who did your duty and delivered dooty to deserving politicians in California.
well we got it fixed today so everything is good i guess
Ed Robinson Nominated For Music Producer Of The Year In ATL - Gospel Awards
Finally getting some rest! Today's productivity was brought to you by Tchaikovsky, Debussy, & Rachmaninov! Music really gets me in the zone.
you are so beautiful, wonderful, and talented. I hope you know that. We love you, Nialler!♥
Cold turkey (1-2 days) does the trick! I'm as fast/capable on iPhone as I ever was on QWERTY Android or (way back) BB.
Rough day-bad mood, what do YOU do to not take it out on your staff?
Hotchkiss and Glen do not go together in my mind
Whats up man, just checked out like ten videos, love what I hear, we would love to work with her. Orphanz™
I hate that we shared something that was supposed to be ours.
i say 15
How long until this crazy woman who tanned her daughter gets a show on TLC?
escalators don't break, they turn into stairs.
My friend is 2 martinis late to meet me at the bar but I'm not upset.
last time I had that... I ended up wandering around the neighborhood at 3 am
Just got kicked out of a bar for wearing my 'YOU FAKE MOTHER FUCKER' tank. Lame
If this would be a perfect world Wed be together then Only got just one life this I've learned Who cares what they're gonna say. -JLo <3
U have a larger world stage now RT : You would expect us to learn from history. How many times must we fail?
It felt like just yesterday I made my first holy communion, and now I'm watching my baby sister make hers:')
#NF follow back;)
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NO BODY ELSE, THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMED. :)
Why isn't there volume control for people sitting around in coffee places?
check livesport.tv they are the official international streaming source of
Eating dinner with baby nephews but still sick and ready to go to bed.
I did! Pretty solid stuff.
S/o to my team Sorry I missed this weekend. But this new spot got me in on point! C u soon
MERLIN STOP MESSING WITH MY EMOTIONS
- You guys were outstanding to work with on the Tech video! hope you are doing well!
I'm getting ready to reveal this year's holiday greeting card!! *giddy*
Damn. Forgot everything about the bus strikes.
thanks Marcus!!!
you also got your kitchen thing.
anytime! like what you did with it.
Good Morrow , You're More Than Welcome .Have A Fine Day Good Sir Mark
Very interesting thought, Victoria. Would love to hear more about what you have in mind.
like all my friends have boyfriends/girlfriends & im just here like "i love " ... 😂
If U are a girl who didn't want to either write a travel food blog or have a show on traveling & food raise your hand. YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE
But Walker hasn't done anything, no crime at all. Yet, he and Mrs Barrett aren't treated the same for not committing a crime.
Shout it! THX!
RT Driving to Bristol. ETA 9:46 AM using Waze - Drive Social
Please follow me(: 25
sofa king we todd it to be exact! 😜
Not only can we talk hockey w/ , but we should talk guitars some time. Rock on!
Like a soundtrack to a July Saturday night... Sppprrinnnggstteeeennn
Oh yeah, size 12
yes I am...can I come to you and get it this evening sometime?
Lake Conroe resort undergoing some changes by lakeconroe
Excited For New Jonas Album 43
hell yeah! Especially since I got !!!!
Rainy Monday. Glad #socialmedia can be an indoor thing.
Christmas decorations are down. Can Spring come now?
yehp! good eye ;) and thanks!
Chaos is the science of the global nature of systems.
wat's yer favorite kinda burrito? ours is all kinds
Anyone wanting to come out and celebrate meisners birthday tonight meet at the ferlitos around 9 or you can meet us in royal oak :)
Live in ? Residents get 10% off when you bring a cork to donate to local school's art programs!
Awesome! Thanks for the shout :-)
Enter to win a $250 Neal-Schuman gift certificate! Visit www.neal-schuman.com to register.
as long as i dont have to walk far to get there RT : you wanna go? Grrrrrrrr.
Yeah, I don't get it. I don't think ANY college experience could be worth that.
I hate when people save like 6 fucking seats at a movie theater when it's completely full.
Good Monday morning - thx for following
It goes up, it goes up, it goes up, it goes up. dnalegnarts
Lou, its a BS article that was first published 2 years ago on the site. They just changed the photo. Embarassing!
thinking about going to the Philippines for a week;)
How I'm feelin right now I can beat somebody ass too shitty
I crashed :'(
what is your address?
omg I knowww..I feel so bad for him :( he's so adorable I love him and her together ♥
“: Congrats to St. Eds!!!!! Gives me a reason to go to Columbus!” thanks Maine!
Thanks! RT : Happy Birthday hope it was a good one!
Thanks for all you do for our kids. Our partnership provides them incredible opportunities. We appreciate you!
yah! Ill be there =)
4y.o. museum veteran explaining to grandma what touch/no touch signs mean. And "oh, let's do this first, you'll love it" = wonderful.
lmao killing everyn plant in the class
Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting. So - get on your way! ~ Dr Seuss
Last night was soo scary I went to knotts scary farm and it so soo fuckin scary :(
Stringing up the guitar after years of no playing I find I can play Green Day, Nirvana, and just about any pop song by ear.
that's wats up.. what nxt yr looking like?
RT The only thing I want is to see no more stores, no gardens, no more goods, no spectacles, no elevators.
I hate when I work all this overtime and it goes to some freakin bill. that really pisses me off.
you look lost Cody,haha(not to be mean)
We're home and can't wait to do that again. We filmed some of our shenanigans in Texas. Look for some type of video soon...
The man has not been born who can invent a popular tax. [1945]
how bout u make beds, she makes cookies & we spin? “: I say we mix it up next week ”
heyo from the SEA!
speak your heart, don't bite your tounge
M Krystals.......my old and missed friend
Jeanne Hap hap hap happy Superbowl Sunday!!!
Thanks Jeremy! RT : did a great job in the WV election! Great to hear about their success on #cdaphone!
OK OFF TO THE LA FITNESS WITH MY SISTER LORNA I AM BACK!!!!
"Thank you, Grandpa" accepted for publication-Inwood Indiana, "the smallest press in the world." Will appear online-maybe in print. MTC
I use Pages for Mac. I swear by it!
got a great review from work
findings: #airport security approaches threats through technology - that's an approach that can only be reactive
On the southside of #Chicago doing community service w my paisas on
#FF for pure fun
Best Friend = says my mom's death doesnt matter *add 3 years of not talking* She says sorry....shes picking me up from work today ha!
Remembering Dr. Leon C. Wilkerson at today and his passion for
just get on the plane
MODELS needed and some bad female freestyle dancers for video Monday 4/22/​12 email
Inland Marine insurance? We check the top-rated companies to find the right plan and price for you. Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
I'm actually complimented, however backhandedly, that right-wing follows me on Twitter! Well, I'm returning the honor. :-)
A potent antioxidant, vitamin C protects the body against cell damage that can occur during exercise.
they look so tasty! If only technology could send me one!
Fuck the NFL.
now I really want a cow!
Asap- demons
Just a few of our favorite agencies...#FF , , and
Who else in the history of bball is criticized for making CORRECT plays?! RT : Yes. And explaining the consequences of it.
Yes, we are off to Spain tomorrow and then France in June! We would love to meet you!
I thought you were part Brazilian.
*big yawn*
Don't play hard to get, play hard to forget.
Damn its hot!
Snooze is such a good concept.
Seems fun! i love baby sitting kids!!! RT : Baby sitting humaid -_-
Um....you sure 'bout that?
Got it! Not too shabby indeed! :D
Why the hell isn't #Intstagram on twitter?
hope to get a chance to meet u this wkend at #roc #startupweekend Rock it!
I didn't know it was 's birthday! Happy birthday Morgan! Have a great one!
Um YES. :) RT : Guess what... I've got an all-expenses paid weekend in Vegas to give away later this week. Anyone want it?
might be just me but I don't get the flak over Obama's opinion on gay marriage . . .
Use your power of creation in a conscious, ethical, responsible, and powerful way.
. is up next at #MPressFest #SXSW2012! She goes on at 1:10PM at the Soho Lounge (217 E. 6th st.)! Don't miss her!
Why do I anger myself watching Doomsday Preppers? I can't deal with people projecting their paranoia on small children. Hits too close.
cutest picture ever
thanks for the RT!
Yes, yes yes.
@ You must know something I don't Myk, didn't see any strip joints...
I think I sprained my ankle
re: #interracial families in ch books: try the great Last Summer With Maizon (series), Miracle's Boys, and more
#np find a place -
NOT TRUE!!!!! I RESENT THAT!!!!! lol You sure you don't need nothing?
Alright here we go!!! Lets go !!!
I don't much care for "whilst."
Really did his thing with that thinking about you track
RT : If you don't trust your employees to tweet freely, it's an employee or leadership issue, not an employee Twitter policy issue.
no idea, be mobbed, I need to get a ticket too
Sam Young has a PER of -83.6 in the Playoffs.
Start my jail sentence Friday the 13th. Ironically, I was arrested on Friday the 13th.
butter London.
People are so nice today, probably got laid over spring break.XD
Honored to be in Columbia, MO as part of the Parenting With the Brain in Mind Week. These preschoolers sang a brain song to launch the week!
You can tell when I am bored when I am on Twitter. Lol.
thanks T!
#Colts truly house cleaning.
I do not see how #Zimmerman will get a fair trial. Innocent until proven guilty if i remember right.
Bathroom mirror has been replaced with poster of Sean Connery. Damn, I look good in the morning now!!
Are you doing standup at too?
hey guys :O
I'm sensing a war brewing on Water st soon. A #foodwars ....
In Limori? “: Robots. It's getting amazing.”
Bahahahahaha. U still LAME I see. smdh.
aah, Destiny is so cute! lol she cant pronounce my name so she calls me Ana. lolololol. k.
15O followers! Guys I love you! (:
I will be getting some this weekend!
"It's okay if you don't like me. Just don't pretend that you do"
I have so much shit to do this weekend
he's got his dick in a hat like he's gonna turn into a fucking magician or some shit. Like it's gonna turn into a bunny
Rachel Berry gave me goose bumps >>>
hows being stuck at school lol
School board #leaders like set the bar high for affirming students!
I'll definitely give you a heads-up if I run across either of them.
So many congrats on Shuffle and You two were just beautiful. Marvelous work!
"Don't call me nipple" - Me
I think guys who are preppy w swag are cute.... especially when they drink Starbucks : -D ... gotta get me one of those lol
Have a great shoot tonight!
lol don't need the tee if I don't have the shoes I know it's big but makes for a nice free gift
Well that's just 'cause we have good taste.
I wonder if remembers performing at my highschool in Indiana that was a longtime ago Too bad he won't c this and follow me bak
Think I'm gonna have to go the doctors tomorrow....
Yeah, I get that. That would make sense... the worst things happen to the best people -.-
Hey Harold ..tell me more about your spiritual teaching and leadership..love to hear what you have to say...Thanks for sharing!
Yu must be #OutOfUrMind if yu don't watch 106&park an love MB!
Don't think they haven't got a plan for that! With Koch/Walton/Exxon etc money to make it happen
Marketing quiz the day after mad men premiere?
Bruh... That shit couldve really killed my mood. Ain't nobody got time for that
Home alone for pretty much the whole night, so does anyone want to do something tonight?
it said you didn't
Check out the " Down" comedy act on my You Tube site. kellieluvella.tv - called party music 2
can you get a ticket for "disrespect"?
RT : I want a new phone
good question. Maybe $10 or $12 bucks?
#B-rabbit Now everyone from the 313, put your motherfuckin hands up and follow me!!!!..... ;-)p
The only major use for the Racine Journal Times is to sop up my coffee dribbles.
you should talk about KG's all time milestone in Denver on mondays' Fix.
Society without rules, huh, wonder how that would be like...
There's a storm coming...
Think I'm gonna actually watch NASCAR this year. With all the new changes on the cars the shits actually a race now.
Proud Of Austin, mahomies please help trend this . right now he would really need it to make him happy. k thank you !
Just shot the Gotham dance theater with This documentary will be great
lmao my girl got me it for my bday! Ey boulevard this weekend tho ima get the whole crew up in there r u spinnin?
We are actually sitting here plotting out the zombie attack ! Where would you go first?
That sounds a lot like last night's Capoeira class. Brutal!
So true Paula.
LMFAOO O YOU MAD NOW?!
Same name and age. It would be a big coincidence if it wasn't. Should it have been part of his platform?
My email inbox is completely empty -- which RARELY happens -- don't know what to do with myself
I was @ funeral as a kid, wandered away, leaned over t/stone and was spooked off by a spirit from below, lightning quick. I backed off.
time to go to class
omg, let me know if you need a study buddy.
btw, as of last night, I'm caught up on Supernatural. It's amazing how fast I can go through TV when it's grading season
Miley admit that she's been smoking weed... But then she said that it was only a joke... True or false? Bad girl or good, seems like both.
You do not need to rely on Google+ for that! We will be delivering your food before you know it!
happy birthday!
Great questions for in tonight's town hall. Top of the 10th analogy, blackouts, kids & concussions. just awesome.
Surprisingly peaceful overnight in downtown Portland. Peaceful, meaning less violence, more partying.
Heyy :) I'm hanging with you?
Well I guess he was the least crazy of the clown parade.
only way to stop a fight
that's god<3
My Astrologer says I'll be liberated today! Great! Now, I need a bra I can burn.
the pretzel m&ms are awesome too!
"And it won't be that long now till I'll be gone. I can almost count the hours, I can almost count the hours." <3 (36 hours)
awww im sorry :( i hate finals xP
When I get a text from her I'll hurdle over couches to grab my phone 😊
• Gee cuz the bullpen is tired and we only have like 8 pitchers out there. Yeah, that was stupid.
im ready to to come rubb it gently
Don't wait - Our Friday night singles event is almost sold out. http:SingleGourmet.info #WPB #Miami #Boca #CoralSprings #South Florida
One of thee days I'll win that shirt from !!!
Crandall Medical center celebrates national nursing home week
What a little bitch!
Wow! Everyone has an opinion today. I'm loving it!
arghhhhh.....this clogged sink is getting the best of me
Going on the hunt for the EP #HNAF and a couple magazines.
follow back and promo!!!
When i meet her i'm going to break into all my lines.
Generating compelling copy for web and print. Call today (310) 359-8419
I had SDSU in the Elite 8. That could be a problem. Not sure why I picked them bc I firmly believe their coach can't coach.
Yeah - Go Bucks!
I saw on the feed chatrooms that they read there was a secret comp going on now?!! Never seen that before though lol
I'm going for a walk... to Starbucks.
Just spilled my glass of wine :( I have a habit of doing that
riding around and Gettin it lol
Ikrr the bel rang right when we got to the door but you had to pick up ur stupid hairtie geez XD
When I get done with these classes, I'm getting fucked up. Lol.
Why am I hearing that 's gonna be at my votech tmrw. Smh, if he did come & I had to take PSSA I would be SO mad.
my phone still not here,im expecting my sht to be here tomorrow..i hate ordering sht lol
real geeks bite the heads off chickens and stick knitting needles through their arms.
A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it as when you are in it.
A Romney loss in Michigan could lead to convention fight but says he won't reconsider running for prez
Wishing u all a Blessed & Happy New Year my lovelies! May ur light shine on the ones less fortunate and make their year as blessed as urs!
I think Iman wants that exact dog. She's asking but I'm not ready yet.
It's Friday I'm in love :-)
You have old balls
That was the technology literacy Assesments lol. We still have to take the final for this 6 weeks.
70k drunk heater at 25/50/100 PLO and the quit. I think they mad
Zen Thought for the day: If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
ok the sad thing is im still drinking coffee and have been for few hours lol i know im developing an addiction to coffee isnt it great? lol
Well, I hate to have to take my Santa hat off and put on my hard-ass hat. But, this is serious.
I love when you smile, but i love it even more when I'm the reason
They dont want my love , they just want my potential .
It feels good to be back home tho 😄
#FOLLOWMEKIANLAWLEY someday youll realize why i asked you
we havent had the house to ourself since the last blue moon.
Bruce grabbing guitar Doing doo wop version of backstreets
Thank you Brie - all the other shortlisted nominations are all superstars in their own right. We're VERY proud.
How could you agree with him! You little.........haha lol. Ya Bro. Wale was right I eat to much. A bake sale sounds good
#OccupyCville from our office windows looks wet and cold. Anybody have a tent to lend them?
Some people have issues and are worried for nothing. The boys ARE safe so shut the hell up
i think people are mad at me when they don't text with smiley faces and junk .
life is a highway i wanna ride it all night long
haven't used blueprint. How do you use it for work? Tell me more.
Mom's in hospital, major and "risky" surgery in her future when the proper team of surgeons can even be identified. It's a lot to take in.
"Evolve or Evaporate" ~ URIV
If it wasn't O's season yet, the Terps just made it official. Not even watching the game at Bro J's could pull them through.
available today? My morning was shot!
Makes your birthday present a more valuable gift lol.
sweet opening of the new building 550 housing the mechanical engineering design group and , a rousing success
HOLLER. anyone who wants me to make them an icon just tweet meh:)
Fear can make us avoid risk & adventure, & hide behind a mask of security. Fear can save our lives, but can also deny us our greatest joys.
How late do you serve breakfast?
And I'm sunburned too ._.
Got my offer letter and pre-employment paperwork late this afternoon. After 25 months, I go back to work Monday morning.
Teach me, and I will be quiet; show me where I have been wrong. -Job 6:24 -- Bible Scripture ()
margarita time
Daily at Noon! Come on down anytime!
Analyzing collections "And I Still See Their Faces: Images of Polish Jews" and Susan Meiselas' "Kurdistan"
Laws of physics are the laws of life. Good quote to really think about.
xoxo It's good to be back.
It is hot out there, y'all. Bleh.
Your Tigers will be back under the lights tomorrow! Come Support Oxy Men's Soccer as we take on Redlands at 7pm on Paterson Field!
