Expecting the 'Wake Up & Live' tee on the 11th!! :)
haha! I believe you : )
vampire diaries is amazing
Isn't great? Such an inspiration to our district!
not to that song though !
mucinex its 12 hour got to the drug store
Please never-ever show me another picture of Steve McQueen.
made my day. I knew it was gonna be a good day.
Hm okay. I trust you. You get a reprieve this time. :) So lucky I'm still half-asleep.
Attending an MSCHE workshop for team evaluators at the DC Marriott Wardman.
I'm always late -___________-
RT : NAHJ is selling tamarindo apples in Leech Grove until 4pm! Support our chapter, please :)
no school ALL week ( :
yea we get plenty of that in Florida smh
At Yu Me Ya Sake House. Amazing!
Pics or it didn't happen.
Vanessa Hudgens: Shirt-Dress Shopper
Twelve bridges middle school has never had a game like this! #Kingsized with the
#GOP says, "Im a good guy": Please, ,explain 2 Americans HOW MANY JOBS ur ldrshp of BAIN CAPITAL gave Americans!
phew, just solved a nasty issue with responsive images not resizing in Views Slideshow.
Oh yeah that's for a fundraiser for quiz team!!
nope working at five. I can call you nowish if you're not busy.
strikes again! I plan on owning (or pwning) a chunk of the digital Milwaukee space. ;)
All the things I know right now⁰. If I only knew back then⁰There's no gettin' over⁰.No gettin over'⁰ There's just no getting over you.
Unfortunately, for most, I fear political thinking is the end of critical thinking.
I don't but you can advertise them for sale on the FB page if you would like. Just make sure the picture is clear. :)
SMH dang do I miss that place! RT : With saying goodbye to a Chi classic #Portillos :(
#TheBatman is in the house!
im jealous :)
sucks bc her and Colin mesh well together
Got reprimanded at starbucks for trying to take pic of menu because they list calories of items ON MENU. Makes u rethink the tall.
Shouting out for my favorite JAY Z song,
local procurement in post conflict/crisis economies can double the impact of the int'l community - Jennifer Holt @
Cheap Folding Tables ***Reviews & Shop: TABLE,FLDG ...
your Twitter picture is awesome
no clue yet. Maybe smoke a little and bum it out.
Drove 500 miles today. Finally back in beautiful, balmy Ventura.
Heck yeah, MLS is on the front lines! I think this trade sounds fair ;-) Perhaps an exchange program NYC <--> Zurich?
I thought so. Coming from Hawaii. THX.
Yes, you did (:
Example of me not being a morning person: show up at the WRONG restaurant to meet for coffee 2day. It's gonna be that kinda day ;)
I've been working and helping a friend move. Not much time on here. How's the hand??
Only in Charlottesville- Guy in front of me at the store this morning bought one orange and paid for it with a credit card.
Perfect symmetry Beautiful!
I'm an academic in-the-making who hopes to define how to use #socialmedia as a scholar.
Hopefully Taylor Farr won!
Make me a sandwich.
Whatever we deny or embrace, for worse or for better. We belong, we belong, we belong together.
The day you're able to say you got yourself to the place you're at, then I'll maybe listen.
pussy problems
Enthusiasm is the match that lights the candle of achievement. - William Arthur Boyd
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 24
Farce of July at Self Help today!! #self help graphics
“: Emily Peters has harry legs.”
Report: U.S. could lose LTE subscriber lead as early as 2013 The United States is currently the dominant market for LTE devices and servi
Listening to preach the second week of #seriesX. Today, we learn Christ: First, Last, Forever.
RT : looks like you can't solve that murder after all.
Dear people who keep sendin me stuff to like a video on YouTube, I don't care, so stop sending me stuff. <3 me (:
Call your Mom, even if you are not talking, haven't talked, or don't want to talk. Make peace with her today. Life is short.
Nevermind. Found some inspiration in "Mommy's Little Monster"
she got personal best, but fell spectacularly at finish line. Toronto was gorgeous; shot some rolls of film before dinner.
Dessert-off at work - Hope everyone loves these oreo peanut butter brownie cups as much as I do!! :)
Thanks for the follows cool peeps! @
#WeAllGotThatOneFriend who is always hungry.
Man looking at a computer all day at work can really drain you I swear....
o nada this rain i suppose wats good wit u
“: I'm taking my talents to Cleveland” Hows it feel to be the butt of nationally understood jokes dummy?!?! ROFL
Watching classics on Nice hair
Good luck team!
Professional Lighting Equipment with stands!
this made me smile, so thank you, and happy #terrificTuesday to you as well! :D
Good morning! What are your plans for today? We're getting organized for #superbowl week here in Indy & listening to the Beatles.
- Cool logo! Its always challenging to launch a new look.
And I look like shit today.
Well, 30 Rock is still done after next year. Parks & Rec may have a future after this year it seems
Nope I haven't seen the stills! I'll look 'em up now :) and I'm fine, all my pets arrived today and of course went crazy and
Damn i love me... ... im really somthing else...
Yankees fan - really? No love for the #Brewers?
I can't be too miffed since they have my Grey's...but still. And curse you for this damn Bachelor Pad show. It's kinda addictive.
#Celtics game iops play a stirring U2 "Where the Streets Have No Name" on May 10, Bono born May 10, 1960. HBDay to one of the greatest.
I LOVE YOU , please follow me , it would mean so much to me <3
you have no idea.
If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question?
we love watching you on The Talk!! Just wanted to share with you our resource in LA for autism. www.nourishedfamilys.com
I still love that Emma Thompson married Willoughby.
Order sent to Todd in NY!
#FF #FollowFriday Be sure to follow
Dont wait for it.go get it
My dentist would be most pleased.
Is this diagnosis part of end-of-semester student stuff, or something else?
With amd
2012 is truly the end of the world :(
yup! already started saving for a firearm!
Index indicates Nov a good month for app marketers. The cost per loyal user was down while available user volume up. Good opportunity
NURSE SCRUBS ARE NOT OUTFITS!!!! CUT THAT SHIT OUT!!!!!!
I dont understand my mother. I think I like it that way.
why did Olivo slide?!!
she mentioned when the show opened that you can't say certain things on certain stations and day time tele cables different
Your hugs,<3
Please order my new official cd and t shirt for only $15.00 it's going to benefit the world and my music !
brain hurting from so much new information uploaded. Game on with Diego's Umbrella. First stop Arcata.
i heart you, sheila!!! miss you already, but thrilled about the future. hugs...
These are the favourites of most consumers of Nutrisystem diets
Summer! RT : Warning Downtown Chicago Drivers.. Bridges start going up at 8am. The Boating Season begins!
someday i want to be well known around the world but not for bad reasons
yeah Memphis is the only one that can stop themselves.
lol. is a singer from indonesia, my country. she's so talented.
Tomorrow we are hosting their 3rd Annual Community Baby Shower for over 400 new & expecting mothers
we will become masters of the
Got my first monday of school tomorrow XP
I can't with Jefferson Mall!
well seriously, iso is for a reason! I just can't believe that's legal to do in the first place.
so freaking true!
Hate when kids are halfway through a project and I question the purpose/focus of why I assigned it to begin with... ugh
at #UniversityofIllinois for #MothersWeekend lol. It's beautiful here!
. This has just steeled my resolve to call out all the settler racism I see and hear today at #MayDay events in NYC.
What would Lincoln have done, had he been given SUPREME CONFERENCE POWER? Probably joined the Missouri Valley Conference.
caffeine: check. nicotine: check. thc: check. ready to start my day!
Ive past my bad habits on to my sister
Happy Birthday, Allie!
New Glows T Shirts on the way from the great ! This time they WILL glow in the dark!!!
Waiting for your husband to finish night shift is like waiting for #Santa. The sooner you go to sleep the sooner he'll be here!
That awkward moment when your gum randomly falls out your mouth
RT:Publishers need 2 digitally disrupt themselves to survive. Half the INMA room wnt survive McQuivey
as it should be, lol.
is back on twitter for the first time in ages--damn facebook distractions!
How to make train travel viable in America? Give passenger trains right of way over freight.
you know I just joking. :)
GREAT SEE NOW i have to leave. lololol
she was on mad men. Her lines were as flat as ever and she talked about snacks.
Damn some people use twitter as a damn confessional I'm this I'm that I never did this OK WE GET IT!
Oh yeah! I booked my first under five on a new show called HOLLYWOOD HEIGHTS! Shooting Monday =) Happy weekend all!!
So glad to be off one more day and its tha weekend !
Join us now in the Earprint booth 301 for a conversation with Sandy Goldberg, Catherine and Jason on SFMOMA's 75th bday tour
Thanks for the feedback...we're continuing to evolve the site this year and will certainly take that to heart...
Girls nowadays bro. Hop off my dick not everything revolves around you hoe.
RT : Visit us on March 28. We’re demonstrating our Cloud Security and Monitoring technology.
its like when i read those notes i wanted things to be back to what it was but then i rememberd what you said to me.(c)
Being happy doesn't mean everything is perfect. It means you've decided to see beyond the imperfections.
Bout to get on my money makin mission
SLOTOROFF IS MINE
Just saw the "longer" version & it's excellent! Wish Milw. viewer's could see it. Congratulations!
$540 straight up $389 cash and its still gonna go up more.
Fuck Tampa Bay. Boston deserves the Wildcard
Headed to the cupcake shop!
"Elton from Clueless / the guy who is now in Law & Order is here" "wasn't he also in 6ft Under?" "I'm talking about his roles that matter."
“: Have you EVER looked at your best friend & thought, "why the f**k are we not COMEDIANS dude?!"”
thanks Dude!
Just realized I used the wrong they're. :P It's late.
so maury can keep makin that showtime monaayyy
NY, you have my heart <3
U played a great job don't beat urself up
Good luck this weekend! MyCSU is ready for a RAM victory!
so i'm kinda jealous of you right. traveling to London and going to see Kanye. have fun though :)
Are you there Chef? It's me menopause. - Huffington Post
Good night all. Take care of each other.
Retweet if u love God and your not ashamed to say it lol follow me and I will def follow u back;)
If you think Sergio Martinez could bet Matweather you are sadly mistaken. Martinez doesn't think in a fight and takes too many risk.
Still doesn't make sense. His toughness was missed. Especially with Shaw out. Bickell & Stalberg too soft.
i am free tomorrow YES!
RT : Tweet your questions about web #a11y legal issues using #accessu and i'll try to answer them in my 11:00 (central) class.
If you could design the best musical mashup of ALL TIME, what two songs would you put together?
Business gathering tonight in Atl w and one of best friends Rastafari real Ras MARLEY .. Come see us Atl
Were you on H4? I was umpiring the baseball game on H2 last night!
Utley says no pain when he swings. Took grounders on a field for first time today. Still pain there. No timetable. -- Matt Gelb ()
I guess my cat thinks it's okay to just stare at me no matter what.
I used to like my neighbors. Until they put a PASSWORD ON THEIR WI-FI..
Zero sleep this weekend, and now i can barely keep my eyes open.
#WorkFlow then appointment later with a designer in Newark :)
This is worth creating a bogus email address over for sure. You know, for the experience, and the good pictures. Hah.
“When you catch an adjective, kill it.” Mark Twain
Clients use V-cube Seminar to market and promote their products to over 10,000 people LIVE or On-Demand.
Progressivism is a political attitude favoring or advocating changes or reform through governmental action. (then I have to vote a big No: )
had feeling once he got to def jam the records would just be okay
"The past ought to be left 30 seconds ago, the problem is that most of us let that past dictate how our next 30 seconds will turn out!
Interesting Read - Guilty: Liberal "Victims" and Their Assault on America
Well I know can't wait to see you! And thank you for all your help! Registrations for me are going strong!!
I've written 3 letters today. Doing my share in keeping the Postal Service alive ;)
i'm so happy you guys are finally starting to crack america!!! i'm so upset i can't see you guys in NY ):
SURE!! What would u like
Issue with collecting vintage clothing... it's all tailored for midgets and anorexics.
sorry i just had to :)
Fun fact about Martin Brodeur, he cheated on his wife with his sister-in-law. Its true, I swear!
Journalist David Kirkpatrick in his book "Facebook Effect" says that this social media site is the traditional "water cooler on steroids."
"We have a culture problem, not an education problem." - Dean Kamen
Just signed up for the Improv101 intensive Jan. 2nd-7th @ UCB! So excited!
So confused right now. 
Kudos to 's Steve Handel for passionate remarks on the #CompletionArch and the desire to serve our nation's
very cool. Love those once in a life time experiences.
And you really call yourselves my friends
when did we get a new one?
Well that wasn't so bad. Assuming its over. It's cold now!!
Well baby is sleep and I'm not sleepy soo..lol I'll watch tv!!!
Congrats at the VMAs tonight!!!!!! You definatley deserved it!!! Proud to be a #belieber<3 Love and support u ALWAYS!!!!!<333
but ebgames is doing a midnight release? why wait till 10 am?
RT : Raising awareness for colon cancer, thanks to John Hovel, a survivor for joining us and Dr. Kirk Ludwig for the facts
hard to keep smiling. But i'm trying.
Any #dcfoodtrucks interested in selling
There's almost nothing worse in life than a Maroone commercial.
your store rep was supposed to cancel my BB service in Jan when I got a non-BB. Your online chat won't refund for this error.
- welcome to our hood! what are you gonna order? Need suggestions? knows the deal -
follow me back spencer <3
Me too! Feel free to forward tweets to help educate me + much appreciated if you do! ;^)
lmfao, oh :p
RT To BWI in 20 mins thanks to all my friends for all the great discussions at this am's #taiga7 #dlfforum ciao charm city
I had prob the best night ever, couldnt get any better then this :) #LikingHer :)
what are u doing for St. Patty's??
Happy Birthday welcome to the best decade!
Work smarter, not harder.
Day one a success
board games bored games
I've vacationed at Portland and Kennebunkport Maine. I went in early June, a bit nippy then but fun & lots of cheap lobster
you an me both
Bad thing about the weather being nice enough for open windows: my neighbors smoke stinks up my house.
Just ordered my books for school :)
Shut up. Have you seen Man U? Uhm are they in any finals? No. Shut up.
I'm excited for Prom omg.
No! But I got out an hor ago. (We have an hour difference)
we can't wait!
That twinge of depression when you see that someone that you cared about so much is with another person.
Good morning world, let this be a great & successful day!! :D
Please don't speak Congresswoman Bachmann. It makes me cringe.
Morning jog...happy Saturday everyone :-)
In too deep, can't think about givin it up. Never knew love would feel like a heart attack. Never thought love would hurt this fucking bad.
Yes Def. I'm Down =) I'm going to be in LA in 3 weeks so that's perfectly fine with me =)
Could i get an invite? I'd love to try out the service
I just had to take a picture I guess that's what you get at Plainfield!
Good Morning Tweets!!!
": If i wanted to hear that song i'd put it on myself. Theres a reason why you're wearing headphones. . . #Ecc #rudolph"
wait I just got this did I miss you!? I'm confused!
like a glove. someone is ready a weekend full of driving.
you should find out your "imposter" too. With all the problems in our community, fake twitter accounts should be priority
Just noticed my husband has more twitter followers than Ray Park. This fangirl is impressed.
Eating oysters in grand central station-about to see the model as muse MET exhibit and billy elliot
In Joliet. This is an awesome town. They have very nice people. Who's here?
Love is like a fruit you can not pick when it is not ready
omg yes I play it on repeat 24/7. I wana go back. That show was FREAKIN AMAZINGG
Miss Eveything You Used To Be.
TEARS RT : You need gastric bypass RT : i need 8,000 followers
my Jagermeister shirt brought me luck on my midterm today :)
A new day and new houses on the market. Buy without a mortgage and you get the best deals in Miami Metro
woohoo!! Thanks so much :)
agreed. this weekend is looking pretty nice though!
Hey i checked out your myspace & you are an amazing singer. (: are you on youtube.?
Don't forget, we will be at the TN State Fair at 7:00 on Thurs. Come get yourself a corndog!
Photographing graves in the Decatur Historic Cemetery. Thinking about digital projects for it.
Nice summary. Thanks, !
you're thinking of
i'm feeling a little under the weather, sore throat. Any suggestions to getting well quicker??
Sir Elton was not amused. Great comeback Madonna. One two punch with those guns she's sportin'.
cleared up a question I've asked my whole life.. "why do they hate?"
Chris, thanks, man. You're the best. Hey, I'm working in Oro Valley and I'm moving to Tucson. TUPLE still active?
I feel kind of bad for Nick Collins... wish him the best. when he got injured last season I knew it would be tough for us to repeat
2 haha i think parents in general are
So Madison loses the girls state bball tournament for the next two years but keeps the boys tourney til 2020. Sounds like a win for Alvarez.
that's awesome;)
if the world fucking ends and i dont meet 1D.....
Girls Night Out with my friend Polly! Margarita's are calling :)
RT lmao RT My phone dies faster then a black guy in a horror movie.
Snuggling with my baby girl watching Tinkerbell. Shoulda spent my birthday with BayBay<3
Click "LIKE" if you've ever done this: Checked Facebook. Closed computer. Picked up phone. Checked Facebook again.
“: watched Celebrity Sex Tape last night Hilarious!!! #AEKDB”
Al Horford went HAM tonight for ATL. Man, did they miss him. The C's are in trouble if that ATL big 3 (w/JJ & J. Smooth) gets hot together
We have iTunes/Starbucks giftcards for EVERYONE that complete our scavenger hunt! Come to booth 318!
Trust your gut feeling... it rarely ever lies
include me too please!!!
or are you watching a race...?
Ready 4 the world...
Tomorrow, I will be on a field trip with 200 screaming 2nd graders, so I won't be able to remind you that UE claims were revised up. Again.
I love freebies
having a super daydoing paper work to SAG < Boring>
Looking for new snack ideas for our family. Do you have snacks for people with food allergies?
God is near to the broken-hearted.
I'm going to stick with the Novice since the 1/2 isnt till October just to be safer
I often text people really obnoxious stuff and then immediately forget about it and I'm kinda embarrassed when they do or don't text me back
NFL is like crack. Even bad football fans will go watch. look at the Browns.
I'm so nervous to meet his friends, This was a lot easier in high school.
yes it is a very pretty face. We really do. I'm in desperate need of some Desperate Housewives!
Create your own happiness :)
Thanks! If it's on FB it's official I guess ;)
Happy Monday! 285 was shut down most of the morning, so for those stuck in traffic, I feel your pain.
Haha and rocking it, I'm sure! // RT: : Wearin a flower in my hair tonight like I'm :)
Thanks Guys!
I just might, sir. I just might.
I gotta watch Desperate Housewives tonight.
just found u on YouTube thru Chelsea ur one silly funny bitch proud to have an asian like u
I got bored so I copped some boat shoes. The Internet is dangerous.
Alshflajeoafnalahejqlfixjeuqlndjelqnd IT'S TODAY
Today is definitely one of those Pony tail days
1st day to sleep in Im up at 730! Better than 6. Time to pick up the last few items to bring on the Christmas cheer Wrapping paper & booze!!
you haven't follow me :/ RT : followed :D
At Metro now.
Not going to sleep till the rangers caps game is over... Lol
With Gratitude The Universe is Eternally Abundant!
Be Content with what you have; rejoice in the way things are. When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.LTzu
Yes. But we need better installation stories for Mac and Windows.
thanks for the reporting/speculation, sherlock.
Tony Plush! Beast mode!!
Then they will follow my decrees and and be careful to keep my laws. They will be my people, and I will be their God. Ezekiel 11:20
The Z on TV, critic David Zurawik Wednesday 1 pm
I know I haven't tweeted on this account for a while. Haha
#truthbetold I miss you, #truthbetold I'm lying.
with all the MVP talk... When is it announced?
Haha!☝RT : “:How is it possible to lose a remote control for the tv in a or bedroom house”did you check in your ass?
Is Melo gonna show up?
Watching the voice finale ahh it's amazing
I'm so glad I won't have to read 100 posts today saying "May the 5th be with you".
Remember 2 get ur blue light bulbs out & "Light it up Blue" for Autism Awareness on April 2nd. Pass it on.
hehe (: I'm pretty freaked out right now.. I'm positive my house is haunted .___.
you're so cynical, you couldn't have me, I didn't want you, you're selling me out to the girl I can't afford to lose
how cool is that.
I love the use of backchannel for student voice as well, they can contribute without having to be called upon.
Miley is our sexy queen..
All charges dropped from my client, thank goodness.
Former #HoustonDynamo Ricardo Clark scores in the 98th minute to win the match against Venezuela 1-0! #USMNT. Congrats to !!!
haha.. I turned it off so I could learn to type without staring at the keyboard.
I don't trust TMZ so won't believe it until CNN says so
if u r checking your twitter: I'm trying 2 write a paper using your manifesto & I don't know which pronouns to ref. you by, halp?
My Stomache just cussed me out !
Just saw your tweet to - not sure what the screenshot means, but our team can help get your support needs met!
the day berg makes, 4 all yall who were crackin askin how long he been on his way, im pissin on all yall
Amazing job on A Football Life featuring Reggie White and Jerome Brown!
Just wrote and recorded THE most fucking awesome acoustic song...this one will definitely be on our full length!!!
miss ya more....u gotta come visit for memorial day
bith r u retard??
Yea it gets the point aross at any rate! :)
Is #Texas really about to go to another #WorldSeries? Come on #Detroit!! Who's watching the game tonight? Who are you guys rooting for?
THANK YOU!
So mad I missed it. RT : On campus at UWM for Broke Students Dining presentation.
are you still on here or what? You're still an egg for crying out loud...
holding my warm scripts right off the printer before makes me so happy!!
#wov12 finds itself in many technical challenges driven by competitive challenges per Yvonne Schneider
Where you been mayne?
Hey guys we are going to peachtree mall today at 5:30 to sell some CDs if you want one come get one!!
Got a loaf in my hand while im cutting up the traffic laughin at u bumz while im pushing up my glasses
The oldest wetlands preservation site is 22 years old! What?
Movie Night,;D
gotcha. Thx. Well get caught right in the middle of the typhoon!
You know those days when you're too lazy to put on pants.
Annette Bening and Ed Harris are on campus today filming "Look of Love" -- Oxy's latest screen appearance.
thanx girl! I txted u earlier!
I'm out✌
Wait a sec. Did Daniels start out saying that there's a lot wrong with the state of our union, and then end by saying there's nothing wrong?
miss you too! Have the kind of fun tonight that you can regret tomorrow
thank you for following me!
California, for ex: water use consumes 19% of the state's electricity, 30% of it's natural gas, & 88 billion gallons of diesel fuel Yearly.
Who has questions?
Pedicure and dinner out tonight!
(c) Zayn Malik may have stopped smoking, I don't know & I honestly don't care. But before you consider smoking think about the damage (c)
Good Night and Sweet Dreams people :))) I love you so much!
interesting way to organize content. Feel like there is some wasted space here though.
The sun goes down the stars come out and all that counts is here and now. My universe will never be the same. I'm glad you came
It was you. Hahaha. Still a Barca and Messi fan! Did you see the Juventus/Roma game from today? Two goals-first 10 minutes by Juv
thanks for the interest - the feed shows up on the front page of our bracket website
the world is mine, can't you see,I'm just trying to be all I can be
tuesday, the sun is out, great morning, lots to do!
You don't have to know it all to succeed but you darn well better know you don't. -- Steve Keating CSE ()
I used Soap Guy soap to bathe the dog - now she's clean AND she smells great!!!
Either way I say Manhattan metro wins haha.
OK, Lin-sanity - I'm in.
vegas anytime give me a call for bottle service or guestlist @ Rehab, Vanity, LAX, Pure Wet republic 413 530 0621 VIP Marketing Host AMG
Books - the best antidote against the marsh-gas of boredom and vacuity. George Steiner
Excellent. Thanks.
I can't always carry the conversation!
been trying to hit Tamarind for a while now...maybe this weekend.
I wish would get up so we could look at lights!
..& she reminds me why I broke up w/ her ass !
Would YOU invest in your organization? Your own hard-earned cash.? What about your time, passion, bs&t?
and some black eyed peas??
ask him that!!!!
Are you having a viewing party to celebrate the premiere of "Small Business" on Comedy Central?!?!?!?!!!!!!!!!!
LOL!! Add the music of course.
I like to party.
WHoa. That's a whole lot of trade coverage. And we like it!
right about when reality shows got popular. We lost using verbs properly around that time too.
Those sunday nights you spend with your family channel surfing..
Today is a magic day, with no meetings in it. Yet.
#Np Women Lie, Men Lie
We love making new friends :)
Yeah, I could probably meet you a little after that somewhere.
YES 600 pages of just arrived in my mailbox WITH Adele on the cover.
Very cool. I'll have to take a look. All your stuff is top knotch.
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. Albert Einstein
I fell rather spectacularly down a set of slippery stone steps today and my backside looks like the grande finale of a fireworks display.
I freely admit that "lemmatize" was not part of my vocabulary until recently. Here's to learning something new every day!
Saturday May 12th virtuoso pianist Eric Genuis Lares Restaurant and Jimmy & Charity Azadian invite you to help us www.bringhollywoodhome
he's interviewing all hot chicks?
It's total potluck over there. Their playlists are anarchic and weird. Love that.
just saw your roommate at a party
Its 8th grade formal. I don't want to see the damn picture!
Small hinges swing big doors.
yeah, Miami is the best!!!
¡Feliz Día de los Muertos! Who are you remembering today? I'm thinking about my husband's 13-yr-old golden retriever. The best dog ever.
My 14 year old brother was just screaming like a girl coz he lost in a game.
And this is exactly why I'm avoiding political chatter.
#irritated u justdont do that shit...
When was the last time you changed your filters in your house/apt?
can i please have a follow Miss Grande?
Loves Saturday - Can I get a standing O for the weekend please?? Thank you!!
Could be the sickest Boom Bap session ever tonight at 9:30-midnight. $5
dayum goes to the Groove Jones - first track caught my attention instantly - who made the beat to that
“: Wat up bro. Stay on dat grind. Good Luck”
Exactly, more bang for your buck.
Good Morning #ParkerVegas attendees! is open 4 business. Stop by booth 727 & get a #FREE sample kit b4 they're gone.
DailyHookahTips #77: Some very strongly scented liquids can add a slight flavor note to the smoke.
whats up jasmine
Thru three innings at Miller Park. Only baserunner has been Nori Aoki. Twice. Single and triple. #Brewers 0, #Cubs 0.
a lil exhausted....bored...gotta wake up early - ugh :/
the outfits there doe 👌 ah! & that's your show ☺ Lmaooo nothing much, just tweetin' & on facebook 😏
Got done with my English paper , Now Spanish ! /:<
Trust me, I'm not. So stop criticizing me and go live your own pathetic life.
just iPad for LTE. I love AT&T as a voice/3G carrier, especially in Milwaukee.
I need Snow White and the Huntsman in my life now.
are your iPad cases in any US stores yet?
Sipping on beer enjoying my day off SaWeet
The World is a Gift...watched a nest of sea turtles hatch tonight and helped to be sure they all made it to the ocean!
you've been on maury 8 times & you still can't find the right baby daddy?
Awesome! Be sure to find us and say hi. We really appreciate you helping to spread the word.
Love me if you know what it means, and ill be as strong as you need me to be~
can't wait for it! : Killer #turbokick class this morning Round 50 is gonna be off the hook!!
sweet wine and date myself night. way better than staying in and crying over the 1yr anniversary that we didn't make it to. Go team BUNNY.
idk cuz I wath Francesca to be with us please
the kickstarter campaign was not as successful as hoped for, but BACK TO LAST NIGHT is back on track and better than ever
The fascinating Brian Selznick is reading from his new novel Wonderstruck!
Playing The End tonight with DocHoneyPunch/Scott Revey. Gonna get funky.
there's an at&t education hackfest coming up in a month, I can send you the info
it's their rules...crazy Apple people.
Crazy how my family is the one throwing the dirt.
Hah! Think I had enough last night...
omg that made me so sad for a second
I hope we go out to eat tonight.
I'm so very worried. Stop making shitty choices.
Honey Cocaine is a G...got shot last week and she's performing at the show. Swag lol
Gunnar and i just pushed to the front. Challenge accepted
omg if u do please tell me!!:) and I used windows movie maker(:
I'm great. Gonna just relax today and put some food on the grill later.
Don't fuck with me. A nigga don't play. I ain't bout that life son.
#nce11Bud Spillane "I've been coming to nce for over 40 years and have never seen such an ovation"
Agree => RT "Social media is becoming our news outlet." For those who use it, it already is.
heres the new show's twitter site
I text you because I want to have a conversation with you, not get one worded answers.
I said the same thing
Ask us about our coupon for $100 off air duct cleaning for the whole house. It expires March 3!
Hello Friend! So sorry we were out of the loop this month. We should get together soon! Have a happy weekend =o)
Here's a question that we recently received about jealousy and trust
She a lady in the streets ; a smut in the apartment... Plus she can even twist a L while she parallel parkin...
Yes! RT Spo on :He made MVP plays on both sides of the court, particularly in the 4 quarter when we needed some relief.
#np Boyfriend - Justin Bieber
"You know when you're sitting down and you fart and it rolls to the front?" LOL
#np The Lazy Song- Bruno Mars
Apple Dev Support "diligently working to resolve" my issue since Monday: my app doesn't appear when searching App Store by keywords or name!
New topic - Step-up ring for fitting filters on the 50-200. 67->72mm is ok, right?
i have that magic skill of putting out fires with my fingers hahah
Ganoderma is a powerful herb.,cleanses the system , decreases allergies and inflammation.Drinking the coffee or tea aids in weight loss!
When you drop something and it lands on the other side of the room. DA FUQ!?
Are you a Team Coyote Member? It's free & you get discounts on parts and accessories for life! Get in here and get your card today!!!
While #mobile touch screens seem elegant, it is a bit odd to watch people petting their #smartphones. what's the next intput trend?
Awake like always
We're practically twins. It *IS* very confusing. Anything good in it?
Broaden your horizon.
RT Since GHWB #AmeriCorps has had bi-partisan support, how will you keep #NationalService a shared US priority?
boom boom boom boom boom boom
What's up, friend! Holding it down in Chicago. When is your world tour rolling through?!
lol I wish I could.
What a beautiful day for my bday....
Apple support just saved my bacon! Lost a file with 3 years of info in it...
River Pools & Spas Dramatically Increases Organic Traffic
long car rides make for interesting conversations
It's beautifull out! :D
Get me a present?;)
Does your book have a new release date?
So far we got #phillies #sfgiants #reds and #twins RT : Baseball! Who's your team and how far will they go?
Got a new haircut...looks Hawwtt ;) :D
Have a good time/safe trip heading back home. Staying in DSM? And you can watch the bowl game (could be ugly) with fellow Hawks.
These people are acting like I am the worst driver they've ever driven with
It's not tacky, or at least no one gave me a hard time when I submitted myself for PyCon or PloneConf....
I get in late Wednesday. Let's hangout Thursday during the day, I have nothing to do!
The people who bought my Pap's truck are from Wisconsin
amen to that ! #dailygrindisnumba1!
I hate when your teacher calls home 😠
It's Ash Wednesday and the first day of Lent. Whatever you do, don't give up beer because the start of Beer Week is just 2 days away!
We leave for #AAO11 tonight. Who's excited for the convention?
Have you caught the new episode yet?? Hit us with the feedback! =)
you too, B-man!!
amen! I'm lucky enough to her once a week here in Norcal. The guys BS
i see you!
Stay up with tonight while we prepare for the twins party.....www.eeparty.tumblr.com
Waking up & feeling like shit... <<<<
seems to be on the no rest for the wicked plan
My names Sydney and I'm a big loser! :)
Getting 12 hours of sleep>>>>
Come see at booth 2429 I'm at #TxLA12 w/
“: I think its funny when ppl say i got ur girl on my arm. U can have my sloppy seconds yo lol” POW PUNCH LINE 👊💢
the sun shining bright, but it's cold af out
#ANDYMATCHETTANDTHEMINKS are going to tear it up! Have fun!
Team Skejballs is at Tough Mudder today! Get excited! 22 strong!
i did(; you dm now<3
Can't wait to walk this 5k bright and early tomorrow morning
Only A-- Holes wear red to a football match!
I will be in NYC this week, anyone I should connect with?
ii LOVE twitter, its like my online DIARY lol !
Turned in my YA Novel to Harper. Some magic happened in the writing of this book. Can't wait for it to come out next yr.
that's funny cause I remember watching you when I WAS in high school. > As a wise man once said. "Kiss my Ass"!
Non-answer.
Hm ... was wondering if you were the third base coach that day?
Yeah... too small.
3 other Democratic candidates registered in the GAB for the #18thAssemblyDistrict. Time to continue to work hard.
A week after DiPShit whines about having Kurt Warner on after just had, he has Romo on right after Colin does
I REALLY wanna go see #cirquedusoleil this week at Like REALLY REALLY wanna go.
How many student photographers & filmmakers do we have following us?
The projected new cover of #MissWorld is influenced by the late High Risk Books and will be utilizing the concept of the dead girl.
Having a great time and meeting terrific people at Penn State's rhet/comp conference. Presentation over = time for an adult beverage.
Screw it.
Care to expand?
why does my twitter not log off
Watch out for them sneak at-taxes!
WAKE WEED LEGAL!
Wonder what the college kids parents think of their kids protesting? Any out there?
RT : SPF is important for your child - skin cancer development can originate as far back as early childhood
Good morning ^_____^
Military official rules out terrorism in Iligan City blast
Only 17 more days of school :D fingers crossed for north next year
At McDonalds got a bacon cheese burger (y)
glad you had a good day!
I mean now they barely communicate with us at all. It stinks... I don't think that was fair. We are losing them. D:
I bought a Time Machine! Ok, I bought a Watch ~
“The best kinds of laughter:1)Laughing so hard ur laugh becomes silent. 2)Feeling a six-pack coming3)Tears coming from ur eye.”
RT : luv u babe <<< Ur the best EVER! On my way to Cali.
Holy crap I miss driving!
More hilarity, please!
got caught with 30 rocks the cop looked like alec baldwin
St. Cloud is a small town. At least they're picking up NCOE. Their big sister town of Mpls/St. Paul shows no sign. Sigh!
im so confused now -.-
awesome. u insomniac?
RT Evolution is inevitable,resistance is futile. Sustainability might change,but not stop,the process
I hope you're feeling better!
He's my best friend & the love of my life
So glad requested my full! After reading his book I really think we'd make a great lit match! He RT'd my rev! Fangirl moment!
love that song!!!!
Can't afford a coach but want to work w/one? Contact me. I'm putting together a group coaching program that will be affordable for everyone.
O'Malley never really gets tired of raising taxes, does he?
I have no words for how amazing The Avengers was. This is what an ensemble movie should look like.
April 30th we have a at the Mad Hatter who is coming?
Everybody loves Lexi, everybody hates April ;-)
Im here...Get use to Me
happy thursday everyone!!!!..be safe and god bless you to all..
true, sorry!
Super jealous! Have fun in my city and cheer for my team!!!
being held in whales I thought the Ryder cup should be a mid summer thing!
Thanks! Its good to be here!
RT : Tune in to the season finale of 4th and Forever – tonight at 9/8c on Current TV must watch TV!
Pretty much the last person in the world I want advice from on raising my daughters is John Mayer.
My idea to help creative brainstorming, which I called Scotch-drinking-Tuesday, was shot down. Devastating.
Come to find out ... he's no good
lololol I'm making gross noises
and that they have truly understand their responsibility if/when they do ask for help
Just did!
LOVE IT! “: You know you're in a bad businessman's hotel, when 'Barbara Ann' is on constant rotation and the filet costs $36.”
Engaging the public in scholarship, engaging the student in the public through open coursework
i think rest of America needs to hear ur opinion about it ha
Both of you should look at Twicca. It's by far my favorite twitter app.
Not to be rude or anything, but people are really stupid at times.
and my mash up = complete, total, and utter success!
Hi Teabaggers! Welcome to #wiunion tag today. BTW, we're still voting en masse for Kloppenburg no matter how much BS you type!
We're in and ready whenever you are! is the e-mail associated with our Skype.
New season? This early in the day?
I usually embrace mother nature. But because of her timing, fuck her
Do you ever click on Facebook ads you hate, just to throw off their numbers? I do.
Happy Halloween! Make it safe+fun! See you soon !
I'm torn! I want to hang #8 but then I realize that this is the last time these players will play ! There almost like my own kids!
I love how you push me away -___-.
Right on!
oh definitely. Without a doubt. You need to get shitstorm crazy.
Get harden out the game.
3. Speed/performance are much better than visual consistency.
Team Herrera, we are just two hours from victory! Head to the polls and then join us at our victory party at The Mighty.
Thank you for abundance.
I haven't been able to access the website for a while, and I have no idea what's wrong, can you help?
Slide over here, let your hands feel the way, there's no better method to communicate... <3
I agree with this sentiment.
ahh yes, going back to the days when people through computer hacking was cool, like Hackers or Swordfish
I hate lying ass muthafuckas. Especially when they get caught and still try to lie.
RT . OK, folks, it's cold outside this morning.so that means you go to StubHub & unload your #Blackhawks tickets at great prices.
And I thought today was going to be a good day.
Please follow me?? I would kinda make my whole year!!!!! :)
from S.Casper: "Jimmie G has let me off the leash at the dog park for the bits in Catalano’s play. Caution to first row…you may get wet."
Just finished the rough cut for the Senior Piece! It's gonna be pretty boss, just saying.
true but "we" means you/me, hardcore sports ppl...this isn't about us but we'll still watch
Welcome to ABC Senerick Greer and Chris Warren.
Come to Chicago!
Getting sushi for dinner from SushiPDX food cart!! Yum!!
I had more a problem with freeman last night than Marshall its definitely not tight.wasnt expecting a problem at right back too.
Ive never tweeted this much in eurhythmics. Cheers for quiz days.
hate it when it turns into a "not in service" bus. seems like it's all the time.
have you tried out the presskit.to? so many sites, so little time :)
It feels like spring today! <3
Finally getting a chance to indulge in one of my guilty pleasures and watch the last episode of Dancing With the Stars.
whats a good and cute and werid but not to werid name?
awesome! God bless you!
“: #MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf She followed me on Twitter.” AMEN LMAO XD
But today it's for bad music.
That feeling you get when you feel like you're about to get a cold. Ugh. Any suggestions for preventing this cold?
And I've been reading a lot of light books and needed something a bit more mentally challenging. :)
The smash Williams character on Friday night lights is an inspiring one. I really enjoy this show. Shame on NBC for canceling it so early.
In the shape of thing to come, too much poison, come undone '8.
that sucks. What's wrong?
Quote of the day: "...Jesus will save the economy." -some chick at a Santorum convention. As heard on NPR.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger .
Wow, mine is totally different
Lindsay Lohan in Playboy BORING. In my opinion she's nothing special. Sofia Vergara would be something to talk about!
drank@ the taste of madison.killer eats yall
Ready for sleep already. Just got home and got off work at 5:22pm. Traffic blows.
hey sticky, what's up ? (:
EVERYONE I GOT HACKED!! SO PLEASE GO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT PLEASE!!!!!!!!!
now Real Estate Tiny Desk Concert
With these hot days, be sure to keep cool with our hand-crafted cocktails. Try the Scudetto: Pineapple-infused gin, Campari and egg white
Have a good one
The combination of #DahvieVanity and 's voices is like an orgasm in my ear ;3
Use social media to protect your brand's rep. Utilize SEO, pos/neg mentions to help translate.
lol I'm n Dallas
it sucks!
hey I can't pull up? Thanks for info!
sandplay, similar to art therapy allows dual use (adults & children ), or am I misunderstanding.
i agree that MS students ESPECIALLY need an intercative, student cetered class where the teacher is a facilitator and tech helps
Just saw a woman getting her shoes shined. That's a first.
FREE Carson Dellosa Clip Art
can you pick up Dave tomorrow?
Free delivery from any restaurant in yoiur area with your donation of 7 non-perishable food items for the Oregon Food Bank. Coupon code...
not worse den da hot 30 piece put on yall in inter-murals....
Tasteful nudity is flacid nudity.
thanks for adding us to your events!
These guys are GREAT! RT : Looking forward to the weekend. in the house.
only around you. (;
Nothing has more strength than dire necessity. Euripides
it will never happen again!
I know you'll be taking Charlotte to the house tonight! Go
finals are now upon me since I have them this week and not during the real finals week...bye social networking
Well. That's unexpected. Apparently I'm a Viking.
Read Daily #Golf #Joke NOW! @ www.ICUGolfStories.com > "My Great Grandfather had been playing golf whenever possible for over 78 years..."
My grandpa is staying the night tonight because I'm to scared to be alone.
aka Childish Gambino has a song with that's fucking insane. Where's the CDQ at?
20 - 30% off unique handbags at Tous all weekend. W.tous.com
A listing for a "Senior Librarian" at the National Geographic Society just came across my twitter feed. I may have peed myself.
Just lost a huge pot in the #WSOP circuit 1k. 27 left. Let's go!!
ft lauderdale
I don't do drugs, I just really enjoy the smell of cocaine.
I'm scoping out criminals. Shut it bitch unless your mouth is open for a good old sock'en
Aw man, how did you get in? Everyone who has it seems to find it irresistible.
You can have many distractions online too :P
we went to Colorado over winter break! you know him?
Met my geometry and world history/english teachers for the first time. Awkward.
My phone auto-corrected the word "beets" to "beers" in case you're wondering if I'm gonna be eating my fucking vegetables today.
"Why are black people afraid of chainsaws?" Ready, set, go! Answer in an hour.
I agree! It should be leveraged as ONE aspect of a social media plan.
studio down for a min. but i will be back soon wit some super hott ish!!! Sean Pizo
Mom brought home 8 magazines to look at that she picked up on her trip...got them all for free.
Omg and Britany and Cheyenne and Dan are so pretty😭
of course!
i'm pretty sure people are trying to kill me tonight.
Thanks for the shoutout! The Google URL Builder gets great when you can measure eCommerce revenue from each campaign!
definitely not, typing hurts! (got carpal tunnel myself). Have you tried a chiropractor?
Ha! Ouch, that stung a little.
just walked past on 4th. You there?
lost 0.5 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 7.5 pounds so far.
the long shadows
Excellent point about the housing market. What a clusterfuck that is / continues to be.
#iLikePeopleWho respect and trust the choices women make about their bodies.
1/2 priced sushi rolls tonight...maybe a little sake at hh?
Going to pick up my mom from the airport tonight!
congrats on #copyblogger mention - you are a rock star!
RT “: I hate reading.”
Sb is over. Back to Norman. Not sure of I'm ready to take on this week from hell.
I'll definitely drop by!
Dont you be holding back your love ...
Steve Jobs was the Thomas Edison of our time. He will be greatly missed.
Looking at everyone's status updates you'd swear 95% of people are self loathing psychopaths or neglected attention whores.
GGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH ! school in the morning D; just got home. -___- night ♥
--Thank you for answering me back--Lets keep each other in mind--
RT Whenever someone says "I'm not book smart, but I'm street smart", all I hear is "I'm not real smart, but I'm imaginary smart"
A doctor can bury his mistakes but a supplier based engineer can only advise the product designer to specify a heavier texture.
Mass. US Sen. Race Costliest In Nation So Far - WFMY News 2
Judging today's practice, Our training trip is going to be Hell on Earth
I have a craving for chipotle. Where is the nearest chipotle?
that's sad so sorry Helen.
Maybe he'll show if we promise him a strawberry-banana smoothie...
Pablo out with another broken hamate bone. Something bad happens to the Giants every time the Marlins are around.
Its easy i been singing since i was little just find the right voice coach and you got it :)
yes yes! I'm so excited! I'm going to cry. :')
Thanks for the huge knot on my head, mom.
I know you guys gotta have the scoop! Is Justin Bieber the baby daddy?
if jimmy turns out to be a butt, i'm smacking him lol sorry harley :)
Thanks for sharing it with your followers!
I love meeting people from all over the world on facebook and twitter. Hugs and happy reading y'all!
The first couple to be shown in bed together on prime time TV were Fred and Wilma Flintstone.
Learning some cool songs on Harry 😍💜🇬🇧🎸
Hi Deep... you know Matt, I don't know where I'd be without Deep...
Murphy's law? Or is that kind of luck something else?
She a playa fr fr , I'll give her that thou...
Can't wait to see the #HungerGames tomorrow with my fave almost teen, with whom the whole thing started as an 11th bday gift.
Where's a good spot to get food from right now ppl?
And would be ever get to know the truth?
Finally got some sleep!
Why would you do that O.O
you too bro!
LIGHTHOUSES RULE!
Ever think ol' Pontius Gingrich would've told Jesus & the Apostles to take a bath and get a job?
ur growing up so fast!:')
Major cross streets are Sunset and Eastern near the airport.
Yes. MT : You know those Dyson Airblade hand dryers? They should make a full body scale version for when you get out of the shower
I don't get mad anymore. I learned to expect less from people... even the ones I thought highest of.
Word, I said I was joking.
“: Are you guys ever coming back to Kingman, Kansas?! You should!" --We will probably be in the MidWest in June!
Then my evil plan is complete.
Growth Pearl: Happiness is…aligning what we think, say, and do. It’s about living a Growth in Motion™ lifestyle! Start your Growth in...
#GoTribe carlos santana is the #2 ranked catcher in all of the mlb going into 2012 per espn
we are working on a dinner and discussion at the halfway point, thank you for the interest, we'll keep you posted!
Hi Tweeps. Can anyone direct me to finding the #LeapPadExplorer? That seems to be the #hottest item on #Christmastlists this year!
Hey! Check out my new DP. :))))) Made it at Picnik.com. :)
Feel like I'm carrying a heavy words inside my chest ... And it increase daily.. turn to loud scream out of my head !hurts!
#stpatricksday is one of my faves = the parade in CHICAGO is intennssssse! everyone is so drunk lololol! Glad to be Irish lol!
just clicked over (when i saw it on my phone I thought someone had hacked your acct!) how awesome!!!!!
Personal wellness: Marissa is walking us through some pilates-based stress relief posture changes we can all make every day.
Cnt sleep. My mind is fckin me senseless with all these crazy ass thoughts I hav running through my head.
We're on our way to #SXSW! What should we check out?
so how are you, beautiful?(:
I wonder how authentic we are in this medium. I wonder how authentic I am. It's so easy to share only the best parts of myself.
Sounds much more appealing than cupnuts.
Don't lose it in the first quarter. Win it in the fourth.
Fielder to the #Tigers ! Not sure the fit when VMart returns but for now glad to see another Fielder in an Old English D
: Listening to many podcast episodes of The Moth and casting from New York into Pennslyvania. The bugs are on the way.
Just up-potted 100 plants in prep for the upcoming plant sale to raise $$ for the "From the Ground Up"
I watch #AroundtheHorn and see unbiased intelligent sports media men in Smith, Ryan, and Cowlishaw and wonder how Woody Paige is still on.
Geoffrey Chaucer~ He was as fresh as is the month of May.
haha, that's what I thought too when I saw it
no I don't!
I am craving a piece of meat-havent had anything but chocolate + cheese in days!$55 should buy dinner.art for soul, not food
Yesterday's commerical shoot for Fusion...a SUCCESS...look for photos from the shoot on our fb page at www.facebook.com/creativevisionsmedia
My mouth is full of #Novacane :-/
I was listening to your music & it was swaggerific.Btw sent me here(:
Everybody needs to back off He made an innocent mistake. What abt the students protesting the firing, even whn they knew facts.
i'll need a hard rock cafe shirt for sure, or planet hollywood. Whatever's easiest.
see you can't stay mad
Wow, Atlanta weather in the Fall is awesome!
Shawna, I read some of your posts and I like them alot. Especially the one about the modeling scams. I am a model looking fo
Shoutout to the beautiful !!!!!! Go follow her!(:
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being
Just finished #WWPR luncheon w amazing keynote speaker Kiki McLean. Im excited to be a part of such a great organization!
If I RT that everyday for the rest of my life, it wouldn't be enough. BTTFJOY!
What I'm experiencing right now can't be real 😨
as long as he's wrecking the red bulls, I say let him come....
Thanks man. It's been exciting. Just a small step, though. Really looking forward to the next couple of months!
What could make today better for you? How do you make the jump from good to great?
Without my glasses, I kinda feel blind! But anyway, I've got DC to go to. ;3
you're Awesome Betty!! Love ya!! Keep Rocking!
Watts First Ever BLACK FRIDAY SALE. Online only. Save 10% on Friday, November 27th. Free shipping on orders $150+ www.georgewatts.com
lololol you are so LA bro!
then let's hang and play some games. Haha
what was the hw??
Watching Hunter King. Megan: "hunter, how come u sneak passeys? Hunter: cause when I close my eyes I just want something to chew on.
I'm most proud of my work with the Blood Scouts... that's a lot of candy apples to sell! AND a lot of razorblades!
You're right, it did have a digital context, but I like thinking about the ties between the two- human/digital
Before everyone's crazy Friday night, come support the baseball team at home tomorrow at 5!
Final panel! Data mining and "non comsumptive" uses of in copyright digital works!
Oh, Dear. RT: The most amazing chart of the Supreme Court maybe ever.
thanks. sounds like it will still be a while.
#AskSiva Anything planned for Nath's birthday ? (;
I have to get back in football shape
Join the Women's Caucus for the Gala and Progressive Lobby Day with the & Email for info.
Jr Demus in the house
Now Following
Be thankful that you're alive.
Audience drama at AFI Fest: "I hope you go home and die!" hisses the insane villain. "You're a monster!" shrieks the crazy old woman.
industry images in by Jeremy & Claire Weiss and Steve Davis
Anthony J. D'Angelo We are too busy mopping the floor to turn off the faucet.
I mean get mad lol sorry my swype
Joshua and Philip??!<333
I love west seattle! Should be in our new home in a few days.
Harvard and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have joined forces to offer free online courses
God is going to do incredible things in your group through this series. Don't hesitate to send us some stories. ^Staff
The Redskins,again,found a way to snatch a defeat out of the jaws of victory,bums
Leftover Thai food and #HarryPotter is all I need.
hell no! :) Tigers need to win! come on Tigers!
thanks for the follow.
This time by john legend is bout to be da song
In order for you to get over a bitch, you gotta stop acting like one.
“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.”
still friends with my friends but not me ... Weirdo
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty it's gon be some dominoes or spades being played
Dear Santa, next year can I have more sleep for Christmas.
off of work.. its hot. Its on!!
Please bring your gently used #coats by our warehouse for the campaign
9/11/01:That day will never be forgotten whether it's a day later, or a decade later. Rest In Peace to all the lives lost. God Bless the US
Reminded of just how good a songwriter Nicole Nordeman is...
Uncanny Canine
Can you point me in the direction of the Wedge criticism grounded in advanced stats?
No house elves, no dish faeries. Only a husband cooks like the guy in the GE commercial. And me.
awesome! those are so cool! Did you pick some up?
I'm just saying its fine by mee
Thanks for the RT!
We're just getting started over here, spinning your favorites al night long!!
& I got to deal with it.
Brantley is just not meant to play football.
call me! Ill tell you everything :)
Wow, there's a long stretch of causeway between 11 years hard time and 80 hours community service.
Rihanna has a problem with keeping her hair one colour... rs.
Are you sure that isn't the line for Burger King?
When a new book is published, read an old one. Samuel Rogers
can i please get a follow back <3
Damn Michelle Oboma is fine, Prez got my vote just cause he got good taste
San francisco international airport!!!
Search Engine Optimization (SEO) or Pay Per Click Advertising ...
Seven days without love makes one weak..
Damn Peyton Hillis smh.... the video game cover curse is real
Just got nauseous. T-Sizzle out for the season?!?
the boy is his, from his first (?) or second marriage. I don't think she has any children from her first marriage.
if you want bieber updates that you never know follow me.......
“: Raisin cookies that look like chocolate chip cookies are the main reason i have trust issues” land mines!!!
Gettin' down to business at Starry Nights!
Puppets, puppets everywhere, without an original thought to think... #followthepartyline it's easier than using your mind.
#Thanks for the #Follow!
Will do, although my editor might disagree come April 30th.
Check out that groupon for today
do you have to be repulsively ugly to be a model for your ads? if so, i think i might have a new career. let me know. thnx
did a couple of hours ago. Got a couple more interviews in. Taking a snack/aspirin break now then back to the diss
Thank you for sharing your insight into social media with us & our partners across the state. Very helpful for CAPM planning
Daily Tip: Report all crime to the police even if it is only an attempt. Crime cannot be prevented if it is not reported.
RT : I have NEVER been so happy to hear Boogity Boogity Boogity, I'll probably complain about it next week
umm yes that show has been dead since rosci stepped on the stage!!
Restlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress. ~ Thomas Edison
17 straight! Looks like the team is peaking at the right time.
Ok so I'm getting ready to head into the studio to make clients fabulous but 1st gonna grab something to eat
:) i am kinda happy again :) lol
I need my daily dose of Brooke the BAMF.
I was defending him, Adam. Pun intended.
Thanks to our sponsors ! We appreciate your support!
Thanks! RT : #FF to , for her insights on last night's and this morning on
RT : Thanks for the serious @ replies to tweets that are obviously jokes, guys. Everyone on Twitter really appreciates those.
The amount of tweets about women cooking is making me so happy right now.
W can't they simply suppress them?
If anyone wanted to put ins co's out of biz, they'd have passed public option or single payer. Too late for that, maybe someday
"Gelato isn't vegan?" "Milk and eggs, bitch."
At a restaurant in ohare airport a woman just took a coffee mug full of wine to go
Just finished watching "Without Bias" Life is so fragile... and sometimes you don't get an opportunity to bounce back from a bad decision.
#LongBeach business of the week goes to for keeping our community healthy. Great work!
I know! I try to hold myself back from cockiness until it's all over ;)
70? Lmao u don't know
Too soon to know Karl. Sorry.
FOLLOW THIS GIRL SHE IS THE BIGGEST MAHOMIE IN MIAMI
Finishing up a fantastic dinner So many great flavors and textures! Can't wait to come back!
I don't know how people can live by themselves... It's so depressing. 😒
lol, I think my last one turned out a little too much like an elf. Thats my bad!
Thanks for the follows!
lemme know if you're still there.
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset vampire head
Rage makes it hard to concentrate on code.
this site is really really good. thanks a lot!
I know right Netflix = Epic
hhahah all I have is strawberry! Gosh that sounds so good though!
We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Vacant Homes Detrimental Unoccupied homes cause major issues for everyone in the neighborhood. Dallas, Texas
How ironic. That's what the AL East has been telling our team all season. RT : ...I just told to "F*** himself"
Difficult to Elect? Who are you speaking about ? Surely, not
good morning to You too!
I am a blackberry fan, do you think that RIMM bounce back???
actually, he was CAUGHT at broadway and Michigan. So you're right, that copy read incorrectly. Will clarify. Thanks!
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time. Julie Andrews
hm, you sound a little guilty to me...
sounds like you're an expert. Hate to admit I've not yet eaten at Matyson.
We need to whip these blondes into shape. RT : your legs are NOT broken!!!!
Our web site is now up-to-date with all forthcoming shows for 2012, and we're still booking! See you tonight in Dayton? :)
I am annoyed by the new Google Reader Layout. All this white space and no definition between line items sucks.
Breathless by Asking Alexandria
Nice.. RT : It's HAPPY HOUR til 6PM! 2 for 1 beer and well shots. Come drink up Halifax!
Feeling the love. Thanks!
For Leap Day, we are cleaning JUMPsuits, for free! Bring em in, to EcoClean, 2915 Gualalupe, til 7 pm
Giants or Patriots?
Oh, look,... I have 3 friends so far,...and I like them all!
“: One of my favorite Wisco prep coaches! RT Good to see legendary Bob Hyland gunning for another state title.”/ Legend!
hahahaha so true.
FRIENDS 3 of 10: Friends are those rare people who ask how you are and then wait to hear the answer.... So anyone who CARES is a Friend...
best one i seen so far lmao
I'm good..$finna check out this hairshow bronner bros...
PLEASE FOLLOW ME, I LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY HEART
Kurt Vonnegut said the same thing 50 years ago. Time to give woman their shot at running things. Men have made a mess of it
Have free pass to museum of natural history that expires tomorrow! am sick :(
Omg. Who would pay those prices for those dresses? Are they going ice skating?
#VA works like nation but not exactly: less jobs in manufacturing and trade, transp & utilities and more in prof & bus svcs
Huge work event tomorrow. Both computers are playing dead. Fml. Seriously wondering how anyone accomplished anything before the digital age.
WI LB Chris Borland: "nothing says "union thug" like a upper middle-aged elementary school teacher pushing her granddaughter in a stroller"
there was cake on the counter!
Groups prepare Reagan home for season
Late dinner tonight.
how about the bulge?
First step.... Check !
Good Morning... Happy Sunday *fun-day*
“: Beanie Wells is running like they traded him to the Redskins at halftime. #Birdgang #snarklife” funny!
#musesocial see u all online
In Chicago :)
hahaha I wasn't the one that said it!
Perkins goes into the #ROC graveyard alongside Bon-ton, McCurdy's, Big Boy's, & Krispy Kreme.
The media sells an idea & whether it is the truth or a lie people believe it. This is how the population is being controlled.
If you were a President or a leader of a country, what changes would you make?Why does anyone want to be a President of a country?
The Wildcat House is officially closed. That's so sad. Even my ma hung out there when she was young. Tucson, you have no soul.
Done, Tues evening? I saw the case ingraving, looks awesome!
Only when I'm backseat riding in my moms truck😏
“Being successful at IUPUI is all about pursuing your likes, interests, & the things u are good at.”–Jillian Conley, Jr in School of Nursing
Night of bullshit dreams + 'don't dream it's over' stuck in my head. What the fuck is wrong with my brain
Thanks for participating! RT : Live streaming the parlor from Ted talks at school w colleagues
Thanks for the tweets!
Happy Weekend to all our followers! Still havent finished your #Christmas Shopping? Visit us today #Phoenix #Paradise Valley Mall
thanks! Looking forward to your #ssms12 session and the book!
Perfect. I should stop doubting the relevance of that presentation then :) S'all good!
Feel free to upload photos of your favorite holiday traditions, we'd love to see them!
Had the opportunity to take a shift at work tomorrow. Decided to take the day off and enjoy the Timbers game instead. For my sanity.
That was a fantastic 5 minute storm. Everyone can calm down now
I had not. Did you invent twitter 10 years ago? :) (I like the blog, thanks for pointing it out!)
thanks all brief visit tonight #momeochat have fun!
Gassy vamps?.. amusing. ;) Though knowing Don's sense of smell.. I hope you gave him a wide enough berth.. for HIS sake! ;OP
Happy 4th of July !
I love when people lie just shows how amazing of friends they are!
to me you get more beautiful everyday<3
RIP #Knut! So sad.
Unfortunately not. :(
lol im afraid the ladies are gonna come kill me :(
Fernando Torres is back.
word sounds good
's favorite flowers are white roses.
RT AND follow back? please follow
RT : looks like a great night to catch a Portland Beavers game at PGE Park. only 7 more home games, in
Do you know what to ask your lender for before giving him/her any money?
Breakfast is one of the most important meals of the day, it gets your metabolism moving- Grab a shake and get moving.
Im convinced the 14's dont know what a practice uniform is.
I finally popped in and there was your message. Very sweet :) TY
Yep, 2d-day ledes are diff today than 20 yrs ago, when I started out. We have to think 2d-day lede for print right away thx to web
Hardly anyone actually notices the ground they walk on. We were meant to fly.
Artists u don't need all them Dick riders on stage. Most of them serve no purpose. They won't even promote for u they just Dick riders
Really wish I was at the #Reds home opener today!
Glad You Came - The Wanted/One Thing - One Direction MASHUP (Teen Hoot E...: via
Happy Birthday!
Jason smith wants to play for the Mavs so bad he even scores for us.
Tell me more...
Attending a presentation on caching for MS AppFabric. Not bad, but it wants new Windows, no Vista or earlier.
I leave for L.A. in one week! #packing is
Enjoying some #Tcho hot chocolate with a touch of Bailey's
...or would you save at least 80% for an emergency fund and/or build something meaningful for the next generation?
Great game 1 between the Mavs and Thunder!
ok gotta see whats happening on craigslist
Damn you FFIX that bullshit gameover was straight out of a Shin Megami Tensei game... Level 5 Death is NOT COOL.
CRASH: Kelly @ Water, backed up across Ross Island Bridge onto Powell
If you really want to get a lot of good work done, keep "King of Queens" on in the background. You will experience unparalleled focus.
Thank you so much for the RT and the referral.
My tummy is not to right .
#boomsticks position playing a part with that punt
thanks Marco!!!
hehe nope, entrepreneurship!
Thanks for the RT! Much appreciated!
#MOBConf you are not lame...
Fifteen variations on a simple theme, m'dear. #oprah's legs are not
Something is better than nothing.
For day parking head to the Rich Conv Center Garage @ 3rd & Marshall $6 and you can stay all day.
Its nice this morning
if tru vry INTERESTING NH Senator blocked me from f0llwing her -my senator- 4 saying she couldn't make her case
RT "Conflict is the nature of duality. Resolving conflicts is the nature of wholeness." ~ Deepak Chopra
Twitpic RT : Six Flags today with and company... im dressing like a hoochie lol all on Sunday
ask gelie to do it. She has pw. Something like join our frds at amfi in celebrating dgna comeback
im so bored, home with my Dad :\
Apparently the site is suffering new year's lag. Hope to have this resolved quickly. Sorrys.
#WarriorDash this sunday. Can't wait!!
Remember the time used dice rolls / rpg rules to quit smoking? I forget how that turned out, actually.
Heading to Leadership Institute in AM, if servitude is beneath you then Leadership is above you!!
Had me worried for a minute. RT : lol I wouldn't go that far
In darkness she is all i see.
Let's go KC Chiefs!! F those raiders
I use the capsules but might try the butter oil blend for better value. Capsules are great though!
Time machine says my backup will take 1,337 days. Hm.
if our athletics could bond on their own we could improve facilities. We aren't ever going to win sec but we can compete
I know I'm supposed to find solace in your joy but u only replied out of spite so I hope your cup overflows & is over-brewed
Today in 1958, Dr Åke Senning implanted the first internal heart pacemaker at the Karolinska Institute of Stockholm.
if you wanna get down, down on the ground;
thanks for helping Kyle out with that. Can't wait for the #rw24 this year! #MKE , I'm comin' home!
#Audibles Will T.O. be one and done in Cincinnati?
Hopefully Vladdy comes back to the league
“: Cowgirl boot shopping with my wife and daughter...hopefully they get matching boots haha”>> Get me a pair haha
I love my girlfriend.
who wants to take the bday girl to breakfast??
just saw Think Like a Man, hilarious... glad I got a good one! ❤
How's your mother? Oh, she's on her way out. We all are. Act accordingly.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend That Makes Awkward Moments
dunno. readers appvisory?
City-wide magazine team meeting today! Working on #HEALTH edition. Then joining Mothers Day dinner at The Venue.
Garnett's Pick<< 's pick in his afro.
cant wait for college football to start
On my way to L.A., looking out the rear view as the roads fade away ...
That doesn't sound healthy. Unless you mean red bull. But that wouldn't be good either.
Swag RT : They Keep asking me how do i know what new songs are out, i say i go and look at one of mixtapes Lol
5/14 - For the 8:05 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Ray Ellin
"I feel pretty Oh so pretty I feel pretty and witty and bright"
Are White Sox fans booing the #Royals because they just scored two runs with two outs?
You PayPal button doesn't seem to be working on the site?
Will write another study... But working on a book for now :)
Happy Thursday ! Good Luck tonight...
