Hey , we're excited you'll be here on April 7th! Green Room will be stocked with Hot Pockets and toilet paper per your rider.
Keepin outta trouble with eyes in the back of my face
's SLEEVE at tomorrow night in Claremont, CA. Get based.
Thanks, Drew. Find us the perfect spot and we'll see what we can do. We definitely dig the location.
I'm sorry to say you need to get a new Steve then. Friends don't let friends hang out with ppl who aren't HP fanatics.
Looking like OT
it means go back to sleep. Put in more hours of rest. Lol
Sorry, I meant their equipment. :-) Perhaps #RCN has its equipment close enough to the lakefront, where a cool breeze can be felt.
super biters . com should be there website.
thanks for the #FF 's
I'm not. I'm using firefox to view it. You?
It's always a beautiful day to care for others.
awww i hope andy gets better soon :'( <3 hes amazing and my hero:)
Hello friends- Tell us about your weekend in 3 words- we'll start- "Way to short" :)
RT "You never know what's going to happen when the ball squirts" props to you sir!
ok how come his fans know more about him than I do I had no idea about sanders Sunday
Drupal is on my last nerve!
Thank god tomorrow got no school! Wow. ☺
"She took off mad points!"
One semester off the hill and it seems like i've lost all my thick skin. Being a moper like the best of them.
almost time to laugh our asses off!
all systems go!
I keep a close watch on this heart of mine I keep my eyes wide open all the time......LOVE
See ya soon buddy! Hope you brought your sneaks for team #Sportsvite V-ball tn!
A dynamic warm-up is best done before your sport or activity. Static stretching is best done after.
Your the best shark there is!
im down :D
We live on that good , if yall not listening yall just late.
loves that called me this morning. miss you too boo!
Argh! NBC canned because viewers were too old for advertisers!!! 8.8 million viewers weren't 18 to 49! Ridiculous
It's family fun night at the Taylor house tonight!
Being sick during final exam week not working for me right now
what do I do now that I won?
#YouCuteAndAllBut you're an ass
“: i'm so cold.”<<< she's in Miami wearing winter clothes
#Craving cold pizza... with an acceptable breakfast beverage.
Ron Paul is seeking to become the Libertarian candidate for President by running in the Republican primary.
I did not sleep well last night...yuck. I am super tired right now. Here I come, Phoenix Coffee!
omg girl yes!!! Now I have someone to kill bugs and fix stuff that breaks.
Our bodies buried close together, cemetery weather.
My iPod died during "White Girl Problems"...
The butt workout app makes me happy. It's like having workout DVDs with me everywhere.
off top nigga lone wolf out here.but we can hop on some team death match what's poppin
Teenager, college days, etc., indeed.
Pomegranate Green Tea is so refreshing...
Ugg!! >:( Hate Apartments!! My Parents Just Split So..!! Yeah, All I Have Is My Bed, My Phone, My Puter&Austin Mahone(:
I think I bruised my butt..
i did not get fat; my shirt shrank.
Had the best Mother's Day w/my son Jax aka the happiest dog ever!!! He even picked out cupcakes for his Aunties - Sam & Royce :)
Branding is important for both b2b and b2c -- but often critical in b2b
OK...THAT was fun date. ;)
Mongo wouldn't agree to terms.
Quarterly Member Meeting today! busy busy busy!
Sorry to hear this. Would've love to view it.
Temperatures have dropped all over the United States. Give warm clothing to someone homeless and help them stay alive, find a job, and live.
yogas two days in a row 👍
Good morning beautiful people !
What a wonderful night with great friends.
hahaha if by 'meth addict' you mean 'brilliant sales man,' I'm totally with you! Ha..
Joel Anthony is so damn poo
im goin to ells house.
Just watched a guy spend 20min wrestling a 300lb tree stump into the back of his SUV. That bumper has to be scratched to hell.
I seriously do hate my life. It seems like everyday, when i get home, there's always some problem, That ruins my day. And today, you did it.
This is a conspiracy by Republican to prevent so-cal from watching the presidential address ;-)
Nice set of articles. I'm happy to be following you.
I just saw those at a liquor store in Greenfield/Cumberland area last week
The best way to get others to do right to you is to do right to them. ~ A.D. Williams
PLEASE follow me!! Im a HUGE anti-bullier and I LOVE your show to DEATH
Instant heart rate is a pretty cool smartphone app
savin' all your food stamps and burnin' down the trailer park
nice to meet u too bbe:)m frm Canada u?
come back to the question! damn Barack, you blew it! you didn't come back to the question!
Major kudos to you! An OU Sooner watching UT Football. Go Big 12!
Seeing how I'm waking up early tomorrow, I think I should work. El. Oh. El.
the show at the middle east was wonderful! thanks!
Reason #217 to own a cat: when they sit on your lap while you're working at your computer, you feel like a James Bond villain.
congrats you all!
Thank you all for your welcoming support to us and Stay tuned as we grow on here. Btw go give our girl Alona a hello and love. :)
In line for taxi behind so many hipsters
its natural ;)
I'm in St.Louis,internet connection almost non happening all the way across Texas.
r33c3: Not thinking of myself as a librarian these days. The word no longer encapsulates what I do; Feels limiting.
If I don't respond the first or second time, what makes you think I'll respond the next times?
Me paige & darian have decided since paige's mom is never home we are just going to start calling the apartment ours
house hunting lessons: 'Well-maintained' = no updates! It'll have a crappy kitchen, questionable carpet & at least 1 fluorescent light.
actually, there may not have been a free version when I got it.
its taking all my willpower to not start playing ur guitar
Newt will never realize that every time he references Romney's aggression, all people think of is his own
so much fun this weekend!!!!! Dallas loves you! Move here stat!
Ok, well now you're hitting the long tail of usefulness to me…
seems like there always someone who disapproves they'll judge it like they know about me and you
Any TN fans out there? Don't forget to join Bracket Madness to win cool prizes...2 days & 2 hours left......
Newt leaves campaign 4 million in debt. WOW
#EDU11 lizard brain gets you to act like sheep
I hope #jeopardy is as exciting as #cnndebate!
Over wit.
almost a whole foot b lol
WOOHOO! and both win a FREE Mac Duggal tank top for tweeting, "I want a pageant tank top! #MacDuggal"
Oh dear... re: Junior Seau memory. That's the first one that popped into my head too!
why thank ya! (:
Yes...that just happened!
good afternoon
Sunday, not Saturday.
I could really go the rest of my life without ever seeing another Darnell McDonald at-bat
Sure! :) Followed.
Future engineering: Middle school students get hands-on at UT - Knoxville News Sentinel
I have been wanting to get a tattoo recently.
Had a hysterical audition for a CBS promo today... twas fun to just play!
Why do some girls just not get how beautiful they are? I don't understand like...what mirror do you look at in the morning?
Jack--Etsy has saved my wife's papermaking business
especially the Houstoney parts
I love cuddling, but not morning breath. Go brush your teef then it's snugs on snugs on snugs 😊👌
Want The Story its at The Next Country American Anthem ,since God Bless The USA , 25 YEARS AGO, Time For Change is Now ?
so, when is the next edition out? I'm suffering withdrawal.
Homemade pizza... like an Italian boss!
Oh no! I hope she's OK (and you too!).
woke up to my oldest dog circling the house and whining - his ear's bothering him. i had some drops but will need to go to the vet later. :c
I wanna be on some v for vendetta shit, except lyrically.
tweet me 'ALWAYS SUPPORTING MAHONE' 5 times for a shoutout(:
Change I would make to football: players not allowed to mime throwing a flag after every play that doesn't go their way. Just make the play.
What was DickieV talking about the comment that embarrassed him from ESPN today??? I missed it
in dis city u go need a kevlar face vest to survive dese streets!!he stretched!!
Complimentary tickets to Dr. Nancy Cartwright from the 2010-2011 Linus Pauling Memorial Lecture Series at the PSU Box Office
they never should have lost lead and haven't played well all game. Second half has been close.
Awesome! And I love that hashtag aha RT gave you a shout out after getting the LinkedIn invite.
Just because you tell me your problems, doesn't mean I care.
Marlyn monroe had six toes on one foot
Quite a few times they are as awesome live & in person as they are on twitter...
that's what I'm talking about good dancing
Oil's Rally Stalls as Investors Sell Contracts After Price Surge
Watch this space for some photos inside the Hotel Lafayette! It's almost ready to open!
Im sleepy AF .
Congrats to the Oregon Ducks on a great Rose Bowl Win! Record Setting Offense in first Rose Bowl win since 1917 that was so great to see!
Tht movie was kinda tight tho ...
Tonight is the start of your Big Bang Theory addiction! Tune in at 6:30 for the show's pilot!
ok my Asian friends any bars and dives I can play my music in, there in the Beautiful East?? :-)
ya! Deleted it tho...it was vulgar tweet, but that asshole deserved it.
Your WORST Enemy can sometimes be YOU, without realizing it,
"Food was excellent. The only thing better was the service. It could not have been better."
totally! There are several shows I feel that way about?!
at w/ doing some recon for my public libraries class.
Tired of the same ol bull...
Let's go
Ladybugs usually symbolize luck or good fortune. In Europe, the black dots represents the Virgin Mary and her 7 Sorrows
#question r peeps still wearing colored contacts? Guys out here n Indy still rockin blue contacts like it's
#SomeoneIWantToMeet is Dave grohl
DIABLO! goodbye world
Thanks for re-posting the wisdom of John Lennon !!!
thank u for the mention. R u Obama Fan to?
It's a bird! It's a plane! No....wait... It's just that flying fuck I don't give.
“Do you hate people?" "I don't hate them...I just feel better when they're not around.” ― Charles Bukowski, Barfly
you can do it!!
had the special tonight - delicious!
Im older than by 7 days :D
you can come with me..
it's a james brown thing.
Pumped to go climbing again tomorrow...just got a new chalk bag!
I will send money fer a coffee or beer if it gets me a "free" sketch.
al the way! Since auditions! He is it!
#TheBestFeelingInARelationship when they insult you every second of the day <3
hahah I wonder what they did before the show...
hahaha. He was supposed to kill it his first time?
hahaha, it's not him, I just gotta talk to him :) i'f i dont come back i'll come up and visit
A collie knows 200 spoken words. Could he read these also? Too bad it hasn't been tried. Science 2004 vol 304 1682-1683
Seriously, "why not?" is the question you should be asking all the time.
hahah nope I was just grabbing some nuts
Now it's really back to the grind...classes start tonight, 20 more weeks until I get my evenings back for good!!
very dirty things lol I don't know. Play with my dog or workout usually.
Got it! Thanks! :) RT : thx sis. Responded. Let me know if you have more ?s
& Persistence & Passion RT : A good grant writer a good PR campaign that gets the attention of the media.
Anotha late night in the studio.....like always. Man can this girl SANG!
y la escuela?
would be so proud right now. Say You Like Me is playing right now in Margaritaville on the tvs in Nash. (:
Last night's q and a.
RT : Gender diversity in the workplace fires up #innovation Ilene Lang #WISEORG Numbers back that up.
16th and champs
Hi Poppy!
N/F followback??
Ach! It's one of those pink puckered lip band-aids. Which means I just lost a kidney. This day is a failure.
Sending out field testing materials to our TACL-4/TEXL norming sites - so excited to have these projects underway!
Prepare for the networking reception w/ SIS drop-in advising. Join Dr. Judith Baroody of from 3:30-5pm in the SIS Atrium.
you pics are amazing. can't wait to read about your adventures!!
wow, what a jerk! the theft couldn't be more obvious. Wonder if his other stuff stolen too..
Big ShoutOut To The Omega's Of Richmond! #TweetsByMe definitely supports you'll! We can send you'll free shirts!
Custom designed!
Sorry for my bitch fit twitter
Not personally, but in videos. The movable wall panels in the big stage area look incredible. Great idea.
no problem!!! just let me know when you sending it!
im so dissapointed in myself ..
Hey everyone, we are going to be at Chelis Chili this Friday at 10pm!! Come out for some good food and a good time!!!
I'm watching Twilight Breaking Dawn since i didn't read the books I'm confused
i'm on my period so you could all imagine how excited these pictures of justin are getting me. unf unf unf.
Today is not a good day
decisions decisions!
Give credit to Omer Asik he played like a man tonight....
put on a jacket :p
That must have been a bummer! Chicas would have been way better.
And the nerve of her to retweet that lol
Ball so hard MFs wanna fine me! #That Shit Crayz!...
what it do.
Lol rapping Family Guy song. xD
Thanks for tweeting out the info on Winterball. It is going to fun and cold baseball game!
Obstruction of desires by any object or being causes anger directed towards that obstruction.
Hey sounds like a plan!
My hair looks so good this morning!! We get to wear jeans today!(:
Yes. RT : I could've managed without this week.
this coming from a 38 year old man wearing Diesel skinny jeans. and Omar? You're cashing a pretty sweet check. Act like ya wanna be there.
Nice job Eagles!! Cammy clutch at crunch time!!
I need a haircut! I gotta come over for one!
When you pray, I will listen. If you look for me wholeheartedly, you will find me. Jeremiah 29:12,
My spirits are never broken. I stay focused.
There’s not many kool people around this school, they are either too cocky or assholes, or both.
So extremely sad to hear that Don Cornelius is dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. :-(
Open mic was very interesting tonight, gotta rock it out!!!!
Stoked to spend a beautiful DC afternoon celebrating an early end to the #DMCA tech day with + others.
I miss this banter on a daily basis.
Hearing about a local issue relating to your library CAN swing a vote with your Congress member
Yes, Do it!<3
funny, I didn't even know you and knew each other. Thanks to both of you for your help! :)
Liked how Hartnell tucked his hair behind his ears before he started throwing punches.
Agree that provenance becomes important when more people are in on the conversation. Know an app that faces this challenge today?
(cont) for some reason Justin Long was there telling everyone he's a PC. Cake pops, bean bag chairs, FB stalkers, & gay fiats.
Tweet me what your doing on this Sunday
I'm going to be a Friday afternoon tour guide for #CHI2010. All on board!
it's a house favorite here...stop by to see us next time you are in the neighborhood...
40 more tweets till the next zoom! So close
you can build it! Read labels shopping, only bring home safe food. Set yourself up for success that way & it gets easier!
I kinda really like to Tweet.... a lot. ((;
No plans to cross the pond just yet... but hopefully SOON!!! RT Hey guys when you coming to London?
DM This is a test, Dennis. Want to see if I can do a DM right. SMILE
I'm wrong. (So what else is new?) It's that missing hyphen, something knows a lot about.
Only in Philly do you get renamed jake when your name is Jakub.
Thxs 4 ur follow. I do follow and tweet back. Have a good day.
I had a Close friend teach me bro & learned with exp. I took some art classes, but thats about all.. you tryna get into it?
Haha! I love you so much for that.
Our Pumpkin Pie Spiced martini is flipping delicious!
Pretty solid first 3 days of the east semis if you're a boston fan...2-0 lightning...should the b's move on it'll be home ice in the finals.
I don't smoke often but I would love some fucking weed right now!!!'
Over here at Six Finger Films, we love drinking bourbon... anybody else love bourbon? What's your favorite?
you are late jazz!!!
kingjames time tnt
Now is the time. Needs are great, but your possibilities are greater.
RT : STRIKE APPROVED FOR NEXT WEDNESDAY! GENERAL STRIKE FIRST TIME IN THE USA SINCE 1946!
How are you doing?
I'm creating the possibility of possibility.
I have
#youknowyoughetto when your little sister is a Hoe.
I am looking for an #expat position in #Singapore in #retail corporate, please contact me if there’s an open position
my 11:11 wish is for u to RT or follow me :D <3
I think my summer concerts will be Cold Play & System of a Down/Deftones....
Also Drunken Scrabble tournament a Peden?? I can't spell but I can drink. I wonder if that gives me an edge.
Thanks to all for participating in #uxchat today! We'll be doing it again next week. Same time, same #hashtag. Pls send feedback to
Know of any good events coming up in Louisville? Tweet us at
Good luck baby!! I know you will rock those auditions!!
One of ACS's Transitional Living Program clients shares what Dell #poweringthepossible means to her
#DramaProbs tearing your arm open
Maddie shout out to damnn she's hot and follows back but fair warning stay on her good side she speaks her mind i love that
and the circus has arrived
How is #BigProofForever not trending by now....?
Yay, Friday. This did not feel like a 4-day week... I wish I could underline that
we are all orginal and get inspirartion from the world around us and ofcourse from you :) keep tweeting
YES!! Definitely save some love for !! :) He can be pretty awesome!
- thanks buddy!
Did you know today is International Hug a Librarian Day? Okay, all you librarians, consider yourselves <hugged>!!!
as dirk proved, either you have it or you don't. you can't go from unclutch to clutch RT :
PRSA Presents Swarthmore President Rebecca Chopp With Advocate for Higher Education Award
On a scale of 1 - Hindenburg, how bad was the Blue/White game?
- yeah...took typing in high school! I'm pretty fast, I guess!
Celebrate the grand opening of Red Mango in Lakeview on Saturday, August 8 from 4-7 pm with a free small original yogurt with one topping!
Think they know what WTF means? MT : Marine Corps: Soldiers who posed with Nazi flag thought SS symbol stood for sniper scouts
RT« A real man will walk in public with his girl, there is no reason to hide how he feel*»
good el 0h el
haha I'm glad someone caught that!! Any ops to quote The Room, I take it!
Is your company listed? www.staffingmarketplace.com
Definitely pushing the envelope, that. But I sorta think of that as "Rochester area." Sorta....
whoa whoa easy
Michael Dorn is on Twitter? INSTA-FOLLOW
Ahh, another beer-centric holiday so soon after beer week. Good life! Cheers!
gm pixie
Very interesting. 200-page in 15 minutes? HA!
2099 hey 2099 Spiderman edge of time game get it i think the best year in my life will be 2028 cause its a big release msgme
RT : Tomorrow morning, 9am, Santa's coming to town... er, I mean the very 1st Rise+Design at The M with !
Thanks... Only way to start a guilt-free weekend!
lol not everyone can live the life of leisure like you...some gotta eat on the move.
presenting at the #NACC conference today - discussing the need for increased presence and visibility of women in peace-building NGOs
Guilty as charged. RT : I’m going to be late for work because I’m making a gif.
Reckon China will wait out news cycle. Could probably make it a non-story by letting him go.
it is said that 80% of all performance problems that exists in organizations can be attributed to lack of expectations, standards & feedback
49ers getting ready to turn the ball over...
Chaka Kahn... Is singing at Agape today!!! What a treat!!
take the condoms off your tweets and tweet. lol
you can get with me and with gigi davila or bighead davila to order
Don't make someone fall for you, if you have no intention of catching them.
Generation debate aside, sharing has to be in the course of the work they are doing. In the stream if you will.
Raise your mugs, whether filled with coffee or beer, and let's cheers! It's Friday!
watchin my favorite movie #love&basketball (y)
Money over bitches , mob good fellas
Road construction is a rite of spring. Stay safe while working and driving.
Merry Christmas everyone!
Now I gotta hear nfl tonight and espn dangle from tebows sack for another week????
In other words, it is an at least 75% uncooked diet= Raw food Diet!
People blink when they're nervous
TFS dashboard- very cool!
If they're unable to keep a conversation going, don't expect them to be able to keep a relationship going.
A kid pulled out 10's sonic screwdriver to show his friend, and when he passed me, I said 'Allonsy-Alonzo!'
I love that town, its like a playground for angels. I've seen so many miracles there, u wouldn't believe me if I told u.
i am very wise with my choice of words....how many of you kept a straight face as you read this?
Just had a candidate back-out at the last minute. So NOT COOL! Is professionalism a thing of the past?
we're JAMMIN you and I'll never quit JAMMIN you
What is wrong w/me? Darn pregnancy hormones = constant tears over anything & everything. My poor eyes are so sore. Blah! All over nothing!
yes and no power. You?
Whoa. That article was intense. That woman is seriously crazy. (re: dentist pulls out all her ex's teeth.)
yeah he is
Battered and baked cod, fish sammie, grilled salmon and clam chowder all day long! GET SOME!!!
RT : Shoutout to the dedicated hard working mommies and daddies of children with autism. #onestepatatime I SEE YOU
Law & Order SVU
I haven't listened to those Pitchfork chumps for several years now and my life is better for it.
Meeting with to talk about the schoolHER curric!
Yoo something needs to happen tonight asap!
How quickly do i go to hell if my dog starts humping baby jesus in the nearby church's nativity scene? And i film it. In HD. And 3D.
did you end up getting in trouble?
RED was a fast-paced, stylistic great time with a powerhouse cast. Total blast!! What fun. Going on my list of favorites. A must see.
Hey Drizzy, thanks for your support man!
YOU NIGGAS AIN'T EVEN VERIFIED ON TWITTER. CUT THIS SHIT OUT & JUST CHANGE YOUR NAMES.
Walter Harris Group at Mumbai (2/24)
Vince Young signing with the #Bills gives us a potential Jets-like QB soap opera. Can #HardKnocks be far off?
Join the at tonight for a Game Watching Party!
Sweating my balls off at 9am
Also hung from two stories, went through a window backwards, got an explosion in my face. I earned that badge!
keep me posted on casting's !
HI! Could you please follow me back Lane? Love you<3
Pretty heavy book...You can always go for Hunger Games. It was def not heavy, but fun and simple
I'll second that - and he's a great guy!! RT : just shot with today, man is a champ, excellent photographer!
FILL IN THE BLANK: My favorite ice cream flavor is ____________.
hahaha!! You just hit it on the head. They still like school. That's so true & yes, cute!!
xD much appreciated dude.
I just wanted a martini!!
ok! thanks!:D
KIDS are annoying and not five year olds, annoying ass underclassmen.
Closing reception for High Noon is happening now! Come down to see Brian Henry's show!
Unless something is broken, everyone plays.
you know how we have mahomies and psanderettes? Well all of your fans should be hollanders! :D whatcha think?
Im great! You need a nashville trip soon! RT : hey! how you doing?
At school and bored D: someone tweet me!
That ASAP Rocky record is hypnotic.
yup T__T it does
WHOO HOO..536 FOLLOWERS! 1/2 2 1000!! LETS DO THIS.. FOLLOW ME & I WILL FOLLOW BACK... NEXT POST..S/O 2 MY FOLLOWERS!! THANK YOU SO MUCH
Thank you for the #FF! Sorry for the delay...
that is the best rationale. I may adopt that.
Happy Birthday to my youngest, Jacob, who turns 16 today. I am so proud of this son of ours. I love you, Jake! :-)
Wondering how those voiceover artists do those fine print part of radio commercials.
RT : Alison St. John, KPBS: Helpful to compare cities when pointing out a problem; gives context, illustrates the...
About to go on Toad hop radio
Oracle WebCenter Sites Builds On FatWire Foundation
For God so loved me that He gave me #YOU. May God bless #you!!
I finally watched the bbw ep. that everyone was talking about. If that happened to any girl I know,I know tami would have been dealt with
That hit to the temple that kid took was scary. Had a similar thing happen to me in high school.
Excellent presentation! Web psychology is fascinating.
Found a rockin' NYE dress for $30! Sometimes waiting until the last minute pays off.
I use to watch it. Victor was a gangsta! Lol
Pastrami Today and Our Chicken Fried Chicken Sandwich Tomorrow!
I hope arod and cano carry their momentum from sundays game
Umm I get to see speak at the University of Iowa on Wednesday. Pretty cool, huh?
I've never seen the end to a perfect game. and now I have. Congrats to Humber and the White Sox defense.
Thx for the support and RT :)
If you are down in San Diego and you are interested in making crazy money. Check out this site. www.makemoneywithNickNow.com
Amare Stoudemire is represented by agent Happy Walters. These are the times agents earn their money.
Hello Spy.
..... Hahaaa you should probably be the next Hitch
Hah! We don't! Not do we use flat for apartment or boot for the trunk of a car. :p
Headed to Zurich Switzerland to rock festival with Talib Kweli....let's go!
#10reasoniloveniall because he is follow in my dream :)
Much obliged, ma'am. And your post about Father Keralum... UTTERLY FANTASTIC!!
Guiliano Oliveiro drills his 2nd goal of the half from deep on the left wing. Wave leads 15-8 over Comets
"Graphic Design Rock" is an untapped market waiting to be exploited. Come on designers, let's start some bands and break some rules.
Tonight was light our bill was still a few racks
Hum ...yard work today
Happy Mothers Day!!!
The highest state tax revenue as percent of personal income is Alaska at 16.4% and the low is New Hampshire at 3.8%.
lmao, ik i felt so dirty that i havent been on for YEARS! and im chillin
I like it, but it is sweet for a Pale
From a pure radio professional (aka geek) perspective...it's SWEET to see on #AGT! Plus he makes the show bearable.
Homer Bailey has a really awful name for a pitcher.
and I send each other the ugliest pictures. :)
Baron is such a poor decision maker at times u suck stop shooting
happy birthday!!! Have a good day!
One thing I notice for sure: Capitol Bike Share riders are more reckless than the general ridership. Saw cell phoner/smoker/ yesterday.
Gr sweetbreads w queso fresco, beets, tarragon & sassafras! at Regal beagle
Atlanta, ga!!!!
We make a living by what we get,but we make a life by what we give.Are you living a life or making a life ?
great to c her on the #msm. Timing could not b better. She's out on a mission.
Who else was hurt like Aaliyah was ur best friend or sister when she passed? My moms said she was really worried about how hard I took it.
The Hungarian Marketing Volunteers
#startuplife is always *interesting*
Just let it out in class at ! I love u !!!
Been there, done that...ah fuck it, what am I saying? Shoot 'em both Grady, where's your gun at?
In Mississippi for a month hope it goes by fast!!
sorry I'm not sure, we didn't send it we gave it to them personally :) .x
Social Media needs to be on everyones daily calander
what ever happened to barkleys game?
- Awesome thanks Katie!
Rangers on the board in the first inning here comes that 13 game winning streak
thanks for the mention!
K Studio Holiday Staff Party!!! Ready to celebrate with my favorite people!!!
You know what I hate? Being ignored, put down, judged, feeling insecure, being hurt and losing friends.
Today felt like a dream.
Loved them!
TODAY: Happy Hour Stop behind Ace of Spades (lot) on 15th & Q Streets 5-7ish!
Too much going on tonight. Baseball. Hockey. Idol. Where to start?!
200Columbus Days on Fox28 this morning!
I'm sorry, but you working on songs with just made me the happiest kid on the planet.
Chiana:The afternoon is over and my workday is done. I used to go 'til 6, but I'm not a puppy anymore, y'know.
RT : Win a pair of tickets to the in Milwaukee on June 2nd! Brought to you by MidwestMicroBrews &...
Wow, cool! I must have one of those transformer penises with dual modes!
Just finished parkour/free-running class. Jumped over & crawled under things on a giant playground. So much fun!
..... I'm still thinking about it! But, I'll know soon.
why is our son running in his sleep? I think I have a bruise
Sorry, wearing the wrong hat right now...
If you see trials & tribulations tell them we apologize for kicking their asses so bad. Trying to steal the mojo from the logo-thats a nono.
I'm with ya!
Now I have cooties.
I agree, "aperture' is a seldom heard, yet useful term. Thanks!
Thanks! Would love to be a part of this fantastic event next go round.
:l just not in the mood today
Fashion World please stop making V neck t-shirts for men and men stop buying them.
RT : #Obama commits $50 million to fight against HIV/AIDS
did you guys decide to stay on the ship?! 🚢😝
Hi Jake, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
thanks for the shoot out! Happy #FF!
Rather go to bed supperless than rise in debt.
"But I am an FBI agent..."
Apparently not. :o It's not cancelled
I'd be more worried about cye-oates if I was you!
Good Morning Memphis!
The library of the future is the hotspot where you can opt out of uniformity and be free to be creative.
I only miss you when I'm breathing
I know only Howard can pull it off set your dvr got thurs The view chatting with the yentas
Portlandia. Next stop Voodoo Doughnuts. Man vs Food.
What if it's not air you're smelling, but your boogers?
Define crisp and clear #socbiz and #crosschannel segments first. Then figure out the technology to use behind them.
I really love working with #microsoft clients... I always learn so much. Today, I got a random Dropbox schooling... Sa-weet!
Freshman year is the year I cried the most in my whole entire life...is it supposed to be this way?
We were pleased to sponsor today's snacks for the educators at #msmeca12. Drop by Booth 64 for gifts and prizes.
Congratulations to Maria, Eric, Becca, Kathleen, Koben, Isaac, Mike, Logan and the many other grads!
My girls put in work! They train hard, look good & keep it real!
Preparing for the short TEI workshop I'm teaching tomorrow.
"Apologizing does not mean you are wrong and the other person is right. It just means you value your relationship more than your ego."
has anyone tried the new cloth tape from Stampington & Company? I am waiting for a backorder, and am excited to try it!
#NowPlaying "100 points in one game now i'm in the hall of fame (live)" by on
I have a gun ud better make sure I have cigerettes- jo green
Booked T!
All I want to do is watch and fall asleep, but guess I'll read Queen Victoria's biography instead.
High dose Omega 3's (fish oil) can help reduce muscle atrophy post-injury.
Hey, how much are Tiesto tickets? I can't find that info anywhere. Thanks!
Why use ontology as a data model? Corson-Rikert: I got tired of making lots of unique tables for projects with a lot in common.
Participating in the 7th Annual Binational Mayors Summit hosted by Tijuana
reservoir dogs.
The secret of women's happiness: the woman's hand should tremble with gifts and legs from sex and the heart of love
yah….'apropos' actually can't be used once a month unless you have legit patched elbow credentials, but it sounded good
Yes. The Dock is @ the lower pool. Ilima Terrace and Poipu Bay Clubhouse are also great lunch stops. Koloa Fish Market too
You don't think boomers are going to start selling houses too? Downsizing and cutting costs attractive to many nesters no?
you're still taking classes?
its waaaayyy to hot to be sitting in this tanning salon right now.
insecurity will destroy you
RT : We're merging into ! Follow us there for all your #genealogy, #POCgenealogy, and...
Evidence exist about t effectiveness of comprehensive sexuality educ. on health, empowerment & well-being of #youth . Side event
What winks and screws like a tiger ;)
todays top play on was SO cute!!! 6 year old little leaguer made an unassisted triple play. you go ross.
Really curious about what the new/latest plan for world domination looks like...
Are you sure on that number, I thought I saw it was something over $700,000
When did you join Twitter?
I hate WYSIWYG editors that lie. Also packing lunch and then leaving it at home. :\
Congresswoman Wilson addresses the convention. "power to the people"
"There is so much good in the worst of us, So much bad in the best of us, That it hardly behooves any of us To talk about the rest of us."
..I swear! I tried over 3 times to listen, honestly sweet!
Hey if u need tickets for aloft new years call me 4148414523 ((no tickets sold at the door))
waiting to take the kids trick or treating tonight, valleyscare, downtown, and let's not forget about the gophers game tonight.
Done with day 1. Tomorrow should be bettah...
softball game today, possibly might win! jaykay
Very jealous. It's going to be 39 degrees here tonight. RT : So good to be on vacation.
Yep, Chicago was great! RT : Love watching talented people
please don't judge us all b/cause of the ignorance of some. Good luck. Cali is great, hope 2 c u in the FF
Their endgame seems pretty clear to me: sell a lot of ads. They're pretty open about admitting this.
Is Kobe hurt or just resting for the playoffs?
Ok, wow, my head just exploded: did everyone know you can call 1800 numbers.. for free.. from gmail? WTH? Win!
Bring you quality unfinished Brazilian hardwood flooring.
Congrats! RT : Varsity baseball player Zach Soria '12 committed to the University of Louisville! Congrats Zach!
I just want to leave sometimes .
Will I b able to meet Mary at Anytime at noon?
Psst! We'd like to discuss something with you! sent us your way
Best of luck!!! Happy Monday.
Like in: go to bed in time bro. ♥
Up Thinking about Sonic's in Parma Man there Food Bang so Hard I think I'm a have to visit them Today sometime
sometimes straight up attaching photos to the database is just the way to go
Take a look at our complete April Calendar now online.
bye-bye tweeters love y'all
As opposed to actually not having any money?
Cool. My New Literacy class partner, , has been talking about them, and it's put them in my head too.
Thanks for the great response during our sign wave on St. Paul and Mt. Royal Ave today!!
Thank you for the love and appreciation we get everyday from our incredible customers ...grazie di cuore...
Alone at the apartment with my thousands of premium HD channels. Yea, I would want to join me too.
These bitches been sleeping on me for way to long. It's time to WAKE UP
Ha! I see you're getting an early start preparing for the Run in April!
I find it ironic that the onion burger joint in both Edmond & MWC are next door to Weight Watchers.
yu don't hmu no more! && im always hitting yu up first! ~_~
How about my biggie smalls live performance last night
So far nearly 620,000 visited "McQueen Exhibition" at the Met. Last time the Met had such lines was 1963 when it displayed the "Mona Lisa".
I'm pretty sure love means never having to say yr sorry for watching too much Doctor Who & drinking all the wine. I hope agrees.
that is AMAZING
Kill two birds with one stone
Brenda had,a babbbyyy
Thanks for the mention :)
It's going down like Yung Joc at & upscale Westwood high rise for the UCLA trackmeet after party!!
Live Jazz from 7pm to 9pm tonight!
Twitter is stupid cause you HAVE to write something within 140 charaters
Adobo Fried Rice is amazing!
We play Nice Ash in Waukesha tomorrow. So when some
I suppose to be doing my homework but I am on here...
I've got some comments! Thank you for being an advocate.
I love you more, you guys don't know how much you mean to me (y)'s up for #blusharmy <3
Lauren-want to connect about Boston startup I work for (for masschallenge) wondering if you mind dm'ing me the best email? Thx!
When me and my baby go to AC we stay nights up there. Cause we can
Can you save it? that necklace ment alot to me... I knew i shouldnt of wore it..
This morning I feel really good
Hey Zach! You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!
Just tapped, Brewing Torpedo Extra IPA (replaces Lady Jane Special Bitter Ale)
Aaaahh don't want to go to work tomorrow
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach. It's the end you're after. ~
A comment I wrote on a student's paper that I can't answer: "How can we tell when a phenomenon, idea, or company has 'gone global'?"
Can anyone else drink and work at te same time?
PA too. Is there?
Keynotes Matt Domo from and from were a great way to kick off the final day here at #CloudFairSeattle!
Shit u know ill try... but if i cant Best wishes to u my dude..
Iss So D O P E ' And ii Love Herr :D
47 minute online, locked navigation, "required" training #painful This is how training gets a bad name.
How do I get in on this????
I love being the one to throw open #cuasciencelib doors...come on in...yes, you can wear your PJ's
A show in NYC!? First Pavement, then —if brings back RHP, all my HS dreams will come true.
It's a Kodak moment lemme go and get my camera 📷😉
Did I really just get thrown into the ceiling?
thank-you for the shout out
Today's a dog eat dog day, and I'm wearing Milk Bone underwear. -- Norm, Cheers.
It's ALIVE!!!
Are you up man?
#ThingsMyMotherSays: Don't eat your vegetables because that's what Michelle Obama would want you to do.
Lucas went pee pee in the potty last night! YAY!!
RT TONIGHT CLUB STILETTOS LIVE PERFORMING BY EMPHAMOUS B COME CHECK ME OUT
KU fans.. Just b/c a few bozos "maybe" made NMT t shirts doesn't mean most MU fans think the same way.
RT : M, Fez tea from always reminds me to pause and just enjoy its deliciousness
gives me the good pillow to sleep with last night and this morning I woke up to his head on it with mine.
shut up! Nobody wants to hear your hole flapping!
#CHATTANOOGA: is gonna blow your mind tonight at 7PM at Tix are still available at the box office
Live jazz band by the pool!!.. Where is the Mascoto
lol :P We've met before. I promise not to judge. (I'm actually very boring in person.)
your hackweek project? looks more fun than rewriting helper functions for chat client. i kid - #codeclass rocks! cc
I've never been more excited to return home from deployment. Three weeks can't go fast enough!
follow back please :)
are QB's under more scrutiny than WR's in the over the middle drill and slant routes, even though a WR drill?
Minny Gang bro.
And I thought I loved you then 🎶
Can't wait to see the new episode tonight on Disney channel!!! P.S I think Alex and mason are cute
phi phi o'hara totally called me out on twitter last week.
We're shooting on Wednesday! Come hang out and say hey! We'll be in St. Auggie! Hit us up
Not a problem! You're amazing!
We really don't need SV if we support each other. Black Owned Tech Company - www.diversemobile.com
Who else wants to LMS? -.- GIVE ME YOUR ATTENTION!lol.
": Please get your followers to follow: for me?(:" follow that kid ^
Well I thank U! Ur so right!
T.W.I.T.T.E.R. = Typing What I'm Thinking To Everyone Reading.
In the near future we will be looking for channel partners!
Don't know how that's gunna work out for me! Lol
Sitting with &#35;Saylor White, &#35;Tom Tranchilla, and &#35;Jim Kam working on website stuff. Life is good.
Me too RT : I hate when I go shopping and I forget that I'm not skinny.
can't watch this bachelor nonsense. Ninja warrior has more depth than that crazy bitch, Courtney.
Counting fires? ": Sometimes I think sleep is a poor substitute for a few good cups of coffee."
Thanks for inspiring me! I'll get right on it!
you're welcome. it's been that way for me ever since I became a parent :)
nothing says autumn like the luminous glow of multiple cop car lights shining on the freshly fallen leaves on lake city way. Serene it is.
OMG tornados. Yes. I love storms so much.
Future development of DM: collection management, create collaborative layers of info, users & groups, export options.
One time leaving ATL had Waffle House for breakfast and then Varsity for lunch,then on a plane.Bad move.
Goodbye weekend...hello Monday. Sweet dreams dreamers...
I Cannot wait until 9o'clock I want to see T.I & Tiny reality show...& i dont even watch tv all like that smh
If you are a new follower, that last one is me tweeting our new EP one line at a time. At this rate I will finish in early 2013.
A quick rundown of our daily specials... (bear with us for 8 quick tweets, including this one).
What's so funny...??? haha *nervously laughing*
thanks for the FF recommendation!
dude ....my phone aint letting me call no one...wtf....hold up
Do you not think so far ahead? Cause I be thinkin' bout forever...
Sweet OT win by Datsyuk for Wings!
hope it's been a wonderful day, my beautiful friend
but how god are you feeling?
A genuine shame. RT As expected, Chris Narveson (aka ) will miss the rest of the season w/ a torn rotator cuff.
I'm envisioning a ride-through haunted house through guts of giant calliope/wurlitzer w/ "monster opera" spook features.
Are there any military folks following us on Twitter? Where my military folks at?:) --> Military here. See you on TRB-X
I LOVE light sabers!!!! :)
Happy Easter to all our likes, follows, friends and family! We appreciate your love and support!
Rhonda looks great
back to the club review....bacon there was lots and lots of bacon. bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon.
Calm down. It doesn't take a genius to know that every time I walk by, you do it. Common sense. Do it one more time. Dare you.
It's a great day in the offices with and -
no other way! Work hard to play harder is a must!
check out red bull tv on their website, they're showing it man.
randall cobb straight up
sxsw be gone
I can't speak on the G+ rumors, but WordPress is definitely more of a CMS than Blogger is, no doubt about that :)
lol! Seems like its for u. But the only part that doesnt fit is the "lazy" thing so not for u.
cheaters never win!
credible rec for #progressparty TONIGHT " Ill be at event for HH, should be good time
Even with Morrison's goal, sitting Mayers made no sense. Team lacked the toughness with Shaw & Mayers out. Dumb.
Not desperate for friends, so keep on walking.
Luckily, most images created under the hire of the Government are public domain! Your tax money at work.
My neighbors rule. Learn culinary and friendly awesomeness at the just launched: www.fourfoodies.com
Forget saying I could use a drink or two, I could use a whole liquor store...11pm can't come soon enough
thanks for coming down to the show and rocking with us
I think the interaction between all of us on stage. There was a lot of laughter and stories being told about each song.
I know it's early on but make sure your voter registration current...
Growing up around an abundance of tough men has let me see that many of the strongest men I know have also been very sensitive.
And there you go, refs. I am sure you will mention the favorable treatment that Sullinger gets on your show. Horrible call.
i love how beliebers are hating on mahomies when 95% of mahomies are also beliebers.
Hope to see you at the Rox Box tomorrow night!
SO frustraited with #Ikea in Brooklyn I want to scream! How F@$&ing hard should it be to re-schedule a delivery? Ha?
As they say, it's not about the destination it's about the journey. What a whirlwind travel day to #SXSWi with
you can do it!!
The car is free! Pulled a nice 540 spin on the highway.
Looking forward to our event for Autobiography of Mrs. Tom Thumb in Paperback w/ tomorrow, Thurs April 26th at 7pm. Join us!
We have two subcommittee hearings coming up this morning. Follow for updates.
you sit down & a salad is waiting 4 u, then they brought a plate of chicken, potatoes, & broccoli. #LBL failure.
SOON! (Thanks!)
Thanks, I'm so tired though!
I do I do!
I am afraid to ask...but will anyhow...what in the hell is a Bladder Sling????
Sept 10th✮Wig Out! Get Your Choreography On!✴ A night of wild hoofing!✮w/ SOUNDS OF ASTEROTH, The Wig Out Cabaret,DJ My Little Pony and YOU!
I couldn't really see you but vinny
gonna try, been feeling horrible the passed few days but i hope itll pass soon. :-)
Listening to Renaud Garcia-Fons: Legendes Feast for the ears!
Classy dames
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms out there!
Who wants to be in a movie??? Right now in dtla! Hit me up!
thx for the follow. u ever need a quick consult on an angry guy, let me know. no charge for a twitter fan! :))
okay. I'll just leave my house around 6 or so then.
Meet my intern, ladies and gentlemen: RT Laughing at my own funny thoughts waiting to cross the street.
Honduras takes the lead back, 3-2 thanks to a well-executed header off a cross. 5 minutes left.
Just a reminder: tell someone how much you appreciate them today.
:) What a fun show!
how do I go about mining business?
Instructional design is not dead, it's evolving. Just like learners are changing the way they acquire knowledge, as instructional designers,
I strive for immaturity and perversion. It's an illusive ideal... but it's all I have.
Why does it sometimes fill that everytime your day goes by so smooth someone always try to mess it up /
We already attempted to spend $800B on "shovel ready" infrastructure projects and failed. Remember?
#Starstruck is on (: I love that movie. You are awesome in it! (:
I'm thinking about coming back Saturday night. Looking at flights now.
Maybe return of normal appetite means my liver and I will be okay?
Ali's now tweeting for #AchordialBrio! ...let's see what her first tweet will be about!
RT : having a content management system doesn't mean you have content; it means you have a printing press (via )
No only follow People keep following that other name of which you speak. Damn alter-ego.
that video with those 2old ladies
You Was Spossed To Be Mi Ride Or Die. I Guess You Died..
that's on a school day right?
- Holy poo, just saw the xenophobic anti-Stabenow ad that was played in MI during the Superbowl.
I was thinking instead of being an architect, I could be a city planner
i do not have fav right now but i will tell you when i find it on you tweet
Don't miss Suisham!
A week without bud=a week without a full nights sleep. I think I have a medical condition.
Never do today what you can put off till tomorrow. Delay may give clearer light as to what is best to be done.
I think I'm good for either. Sarah may or may not have put in for extra hours at work. So she could only be available on Thurs.
I'll finish it after eye surgery but the date isn't set yet
Atleast once in their Jr. High life, everyone was obsessed with Fall Out Boy. They were just THAT band.
- so the cornerstone of our franchise is missing practice because he wanted to hang at the Super Bowl?
Stopping for lunch in Cuba, NM. People are lookin at us like we're aliens
YOUR FACE
We offer affordable and flexible plans to suit the needs of your child.
Awesome. Will check it out!
What happened to ? I have been too busy to check in much lately :-(
I learned that from authors #brookecastillo and #marthabeck It's changed my life.
Hell yeah I can use some. How can you get them to me bro?
Things like this shouldn't worry me, or strike my nerves.
I did and u was noo where to be found
Bout to hop back in the studio!! Who needs a beat
clearly I effed up my sleep schedule today and lastnight. Damn cinco de mayo! -
I can't even talk to you.
Websites with databases are great for distance members. Would definitely pay even in absence of quarterly.
If the good die young, what am I still doing here?
Relaxing a little tonight sittng on the porch enjoyin the cool misting rain
Do You Try Communicating With Him.?
Best question from one of the kids visiting the studio, "Have you ever wanted a squirrel for a pet?"
not that I've read it, but it sounds intriguing and we still have similar taste in books :)
Share of Apple stock, or iPad 3? Decisions, decisions...
Jeb Bush just described how ACT has 18k tests that tie to specific jobs.
I couldn't help but notice you didn't say handsome.
“: My nigga what's good” chilling bro. Wat it do my nigga?
thanks bud. Good people over there.
Waiting for my dad is like waiting for a sloth to get out of a tree.
Ok so getting out of bed was unsuccessful. So
I hate when I have to leave him :/
#basketballwives its getting to the point where they need to hop off Jennifer click. Her name stay in they mouth
Mtgs w/ a comm. agent and a DP; editing a standup video; reinstalling apps on my Macbook; final prep for webisode i'm directing.
I refuse to let anyone take my joy away.
Bout to fry some chicken!! $5 a plate!!
So over whelmed with all these clothes at this ForEver21. Im about to buy everyrhing in this store !
age makes it worse.
why you gotta send a nigga twitpic tho wtf?
You're so fucking terrible.
Quick Network Solutions for your home or business
I think the defenses are looking sluggish...
Remembering the girls I knew in high school. And now most of them look used and.abused o_0 Wth happened? Looking 30 and you only 19-22
If I'm bad tie me down shut me up, gag and bound me cos the pain in my pleasure nothing comes better yeah
Overtime is nice
No t-dawg in the comics tho but it's a big black nigga name Jim that is more of a partner then Shane on the show. Tries 2 get at Rick wife 2
...and just realized Twitter doesn't relay web addresses as you type them in!
Nirvana and weed.
RT Most of us know from experience that we function much better when we give ourselves time each day to sit in silence
You wanted less how bout nothing?
“: Playing sonic on sega w/ I love this game!”---> you were killing it.
fantastc, i think you should change it to wed tho so i can get some subway at the airport?
I miss you so much! I hope Texas is prepared for the Ally/Nikki show in July!
A bottle of Poppy given to me by one of our Dean's has just made my day:) Love the flowery scent for these gorgeous Spring days.
They are investigating the possible error. Hopefully they get your issue resolved soon.
Go to Mike's web site, the HOFF pg includes a ltr y can cut, paste & send to yr local football reporter/HOFF voter. Help induct him in 2012
The County Sup that represents Carmichael voted FOR the County parking to be a part of this #ESC effort because she's MY County Sup.
A big thanks to for hosting an amazing event last night. was inspiring. Proud to be a MC Falcon!
Going to the beach. Finally a vacation for the first time in over a year. It's a mad mad mad mad world!
Just when I was saying "Wolf looks good tonight!" WTF!!!!!!
For the show on May 4, your site states "There will be two stages." What does that mean?
#youknowyourarabwhen your mom thinks that when you get a "C" you'll get no where in life
Never underestimate the power of a woman to find out and get answers! Men: you aren't as slick as u think!
please follow me your amazing and i love you so much your new song is the bomb , i love you!
How the heck is it May already?
i don't have any singing ability either. can i be a judge on the #xfactor? i'm just as qualified:) #britneyspears #WTF?
double brain damage - watching the buffs get blown out on sat. & sitting thru all those ABC Pan Am promos . No surprise it's awful.
sounds like he's almost ready to start putting up Zach Randolph numbers on a consistent basis
dope chillin with you yesterday fam
First session in Bobbys room. 100/200 PLO. Good luck sweet prince
Here's to a big black Friday for all the retailers out there. Remember to shop local!
Jeez! Best Natural Breast Enhancement Remdies Studies! Francis Maude
great event last night at AFI screening of Beautiful Losers!! More of Jazz this weekend with Tony Madruga tonight at Madison!!!!
Just realized we're following What?? By the way, remember to follow
Good Riddance
Fell asleep at 8...and now can't go back to sleep. Smh
When I wonder "Who's this Heather Petty again?" on my Twitter-stream, I go to your book description and remember! 1/2
College baseball: Chipola moves on at state; Florida beats Kentucky - Chicago Tribune
Why do landlords become like secretaries every time they put a For Rent sign in front of a unit? Simple. They're using the wrong sign.
I've just been sitting in the dark for the past hour.
I bid you goodnight. Shall we meet again in the morrow, my heart will know no greater joy...I wish we talked like that in our society now.
u r #scandal ous !! Great show!
In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first.
Fuck you Neal
Ha! Did that last night... K I'm signing off. Goodnight :)
I put this a lot beauty is in the eye of the beholder.<3
what color would you like??
Thanks for the follow as well. It is very excited and challenging!
any suggestions of another book/series that's just as addictive as the "Hunger Games" trilogy?
i plan to drink
was it a moving bus? if not, I'm not impressed
#san fran finna pull it out on d
I left New York via Delta & am now cooling my heels near the Gulf of Mexico in Citrus County Florida. Soon I'll drive to Pittsburgh, my home
What a great crowd at Blu ! Be sure to pick up a candy bar and scan the QR code!
Vans Warped tour is coming up and i am planning to attend... i think its going to be great
This man convinced me to do a drunk backflip..almost broke my nick
Coming down for the softball game and concert Sunday?
From Astro Jet Car Wash in Sellwood to all of our customers...HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Will be interesting to see a Chelsea team in the final without Ivanovic, Meireles, Ramirez and Terry.
I took two yoga classes and they were both terrific. Partner yoga is fun if you have a friend who wants to take it with you.
definition of #winning . :)
Saturday needs to hurry up ^____^
Thanks for the follow, Chris...following you too...
BooneOakley has such potential but their pitch is all over the place... #ThePitch I admire the goodness of this agency though.
....Oh well I feel stupid(;
So sad. Lots of teens want to be "stars." She just had a chance others do not.
Thanks! And congrats to you on graduating.
Left with the smell of homeless latch-onners
I hate waiting for class to start.
I'm hoping that #IdeaFit is up on the current research on #diastasis because #AFAA and #ACSM aren't...
7pm TONIGHT in Monroe 116, talks about Come hear the inspiring story of the boys of Urban Light!
Steelers let's go! You are getting TEebow'd
at Odom BBQ getting something to eat
I can't help that I keep going back to the same thought.
Drug and violence talk isnt gon get u in the door.. don't try to be someone u not.. it will catch up to u..
Nevermind I'll find someone like you. Just kidding. I never will.
On my way to Metro State to meet up w/ Nikki.....
At SEA TAC waiting to go back to #Austin. I miss you already my lovely NW!
no i win cuz at least my brain has some consistancy and isn't just a melted glob of mushh ;)
im about to go crazy. seriously
Thank you very much!!
Follow me on my journey to see if I can become Spike TV's next Ink Master. Had the casting call today in NYC.
I feel really stressed right now...
Is Pink's birthday over yet or still going on?
Bobby Valentine plans to make games vs. Boston College & Northeastern on March 3 nine innings instead of seven.
have a good day
I just finished interviewing with on air personality DJ Twinkle Toes. I had a great time. Hope I wasn’t too crazy.
Going to take a nap, the room just going to be me for awhile
im doing it, but in Indy, cant wait!!
do the lion king thing with jojo
no problem.
Thank you, Chris!
: " Hoping you get kicked out of those clubs!!! #nonringwinners #noringyet GoGo"
like you won't see it
I wish I'd tried harder, but then I guess I'd have failed harder.
Excellent! A personal GUI event is a sign of good breeding.
what is bala?
I complain about my life a lot, but fuck not every goddamn day.
did an amazing job on News4 #breaking news at #umd arrest of 19 year old student allegedly planning shooting rampage
pretty please with a cherry on top follow me
My parents bet me 40 bucks that I can't dress somewhat nicely everyday for the rest of the year. Challenge accepted
I know right and now I'm like balling my eyes out omfg
jam to bofa
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true.  41
Just made sure my pre-order was all set for the new and records tomorrow. Arizona's finest rock.
just so u know, u dont know
lol yea I may have to bring it back. Im going to start looking.for spandex and leather coats
your not bothering anyone cat I was just kidding.
It was. When I ordered the first phone, I was locked out of my account & needed to call. Does that not show as an invoice?
Happy Friday!
Thanks for the RT. Where do you study Library Science? I tweet for
5: i did not stop getting btr airheads until i got them all and got all 2x 4: i am always copying style 3: i love dogs
Enjoying great food today
For real though, revision's on the upswing.
Goodnight everyone (: <3
I agree. And it is good stuff. We're having a lot of fun with it.
Supporting our mission of helping SD Housing Crisis by demo-ing house in IB for Habitat on Sat. Message if you'd like to come participate!!
i know! I just like their all white kitchen!
These buffalo wings are going to come out with horns tomorrow - At least I'm not working
Max Snow handles beautiful forms, anonymity, and desire on film. Not "headless" but faceless.
"When I get sad I stop being sad and be AWESOME instead... True story." B. Stinson ... Getting ready to head to Ft. Lauderdale!
Burger. in sc is good. Will come back again.
FINALLY did my ALA voting. Fingers crossed for the Caldecott Committee.
People just don't get it sometimes.
I swear. We pay cops in our town to do crap. I like the way they watch people break the law then decide to do nothing at all.
cain is toast
“: Never invest more than you can afford to lose.” ---- said best
you had 2 border collies in your yard today so I wasn't sure. & chance is legit. He's been tied up though so he stops roaming.
Gearing up for ANOTHER sleepless Oscar night.
GOOD MORNING MYSPACE FAMILY !
Deflating No, puncture yes
Long as time.guess it won't hurt ta check
#drupalcon IDEO video in presentation shows the value of "fail early fail often" philosophy.
happy Cinco de (Americans exucse to drink ) Mayo
Congrats Tez! Now, when does 96 get retired, ?
he just knows one is out of his league.
If you are focused on your dreams & goals while attracting people of like mind & mission then there is no time for the negative. -Zach Marcy
Big time game for the #flyernation at home vs. Xavier. Good luck guys! I know the Red Scare is gonna rock UD Arena.
#PFPayphone omg. this is my new favorite cover. good job guys :)
That's very cool! Do you speak other languages as well? It's good to be busy!
would love to be included in the new DCTech list.
#MemorialDayWeekend in Vegas... Who's going to be there?
Thinking of attending the Idea Fit Personal Trainer conf in Alexandria VA this Feb. Anyone else going?
Stay this way all days
Metro "staying open until 1 am" was apparently an elaborate practical joke on Caps fans.
Happy Sunny Friday!
I has with and before in 's Adv Java class at MATC.
Hope all is well with u my friend keep your head up in my 2pac Voice.... Only God Can Judge U
thx for running me through my best & worst moments & always supporting me. I enjoyed the ride alright.
For accepted to warren :o Well Had fun today ^-^
Miami? SO JEALOUS...even if it is for work. Call me Friday :)
Who's hitting music week at #sxsw this year? Will be a great time as always & certainly good for business.
and loved when I got it! ;-)
I think he makes some great points. Urban areas must consider Elements that are important to older crowd to keep em.
Hey man! I got a twitter now, so that means you have to follow me! haha
This battle for Pick 'n Save will go down in history as the defining conflict of out generation
Yeah, and it still doesn't get televised.
Omg nobody told me. I def gotta go get some!!!
If you don't know me by now...
Makeup Artist for rent :D
RT : They thought I had guts they were wrong I was only frightened of more important things ― Charles Bukowski
I had no idea what that shirt referenced until I read the description. I'm mostly NBA illiterate.
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely
That was a weak call
DJ is set to spin all night long for dancing partygoers at BOO, can't wait to see the costumes and cruising our 7 bars!
I might go to practice in the morning
Just call one of the Hairston brothers...
Great,great,great
Appeartantly my Jackson song is Beat it. (can't spell).
nice!! Cool app!!!
So many hoodrats around not enough rat poison.....no time!
Who is this woman outside my office window doing hula hoop?
Thanks for the RT!
Know amongst his peers, Yes.. in NY... Yes... but an international hip hop legacy! NO.
Sorry I don't tweet !! The thing is I'm busy so I cant tweet !!! :/
So exciting! Congratulations! Really can't wait to read this.
i love how everybody thinks twitter is dumb until they actually get one and use it...
I want cup cakes thanks to !
is a nonprofit organization aimed at positively impacting the behavior & future outlook of youths in the D.C. metropolitan area.
read BUMPED - thought it took a while to gain its footing as McCafferty built her world, but ended well
I'm with you. I jokingly said that in the boarding scrum last wk on Spirit. As if the $3 water wasn't enough!
cuz it's almost 80 degrees in winter. nothing weird here, ha.
If I was your girlfriend, I'd never let you go. Keep you on my arm girl.<3
Once we finalize the contest schedules, we will be posting them. We are still working on some details.
Learn how to move your product to mass marketing and production in a three part May webinar series from SalonVoices, featuring Charles...
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 70
RT 's in a New York State of Mind jpr.fm/zpp
Listen to "Question Reality" today at 5:00 PM to hear Sylvia Allen, Founder of Sylvia's Children. www.latalkradio.com/Priscilla.php
Previous tweet incorrect, only three female speakers - out of 25 - at today's #digiday event.
Listening to the latest recording from the boys , VERY nice stuff! Find yours on Itunes today
Longtime Indiana Congressman Rep. Dan Burton won't seek election for a 16th term
Will someone other than in the media explain what the Senate bill did this past #nmleg session?
that's weird, me too!
Snap! Havent seen it!! RT : You hit the big time! Mag pretty dope son!
'Civic Estrangement' as the problem of being at once a part of a #civil #society but without the rights of
#Imagine Austin taking you to his NY concert.
damn and I told this kid at school it was gay
loving my playlist!
what kind are you doing? I've been thinking of trying it out.
the worst thing is seeing him with someone else.
Mod def man - It's good to see you in your element !! Looking forward to hearing your new material !!
that sounds about right
RT : naive bayesian classifiers are good at supervised AND unsupervised word sense disambiguation (hey, it was 1998!)
oops, I was thinking of the wrong place. What's the answer?
I hope this push does you good
IM A BROKE NIGGA IM TRYING TO GET THAT 1.5 million cuz got
Called in sick for Dark Shadows tonight. Wonder if it would've made me feel better or worse if I'd gone? I have a feeling I know the answer.
Chase has to be mr 100......
Sad to hear Dick Clark has passed away. A true legend of television. Few people have had as deep an impact on the medium as he did. RIP.
Who wouldn't want those?
Excellent! Sharing our products with any group, no matter the size, always helps! Thanks!!!
“: They won't talk about #fastandfurious because none of them would be as stupid as #CNNdebate”
7:30's hard…9:45 is better…where do you live?
Painted, worked on some nail art, practiced my uke... Now it's time to trim some fat.
Snow is in the forecast...Texas, here I come! :)
Thanks target for supplying me with janky anchors/screws. Royally messed up my drywall. Your corner shelves are getting coal for Christmas.
and inspired me to dance there my biggest inspirations
#FF to for today's Yale football accusation story. It's really something.
Shaughnessy says having the Globe Insiders event on Red Sox collapse at Cask is like having a Jenny Craig mtg in a bakery.
#Brewers lead 5-2 in the 6th at Miller Park. Hart, Gamel, Gonzalez due up this inning, Go Brew Crew!
Damn! Elise is KILLING it on #Idol with "You and I"!!!!
now following this chica>>
Thanks for following! Happy to be your 200th follower!
is the best co-conspirator ever!
So glad I had no school today!i had subway god bless!:) and no homework...now I have to make up writing ugh!
DYING LAUGHING. Yes, it's a MUST.
Happy birthday to the amazing <3 u
with the new fashion week, is voltage still happening?
The best gadgets and tech for the new grad.
What's the deal with flies in coffee shops. So annoying.
Hate the Stansbury bashing. Dad coached him in HS & he flew in to be a pallbearer at his funeral. I'm a UK fan but RS means a lot to family!
i don't make icons but my friends know how i go on google
Don't live in your inbox. The world can wait an hour or two for your replies.
Bring back the foot clap
The Fresh Grill in Beaverton (across from Washington Square) has really great food. Highly recommend.
Man that was scary, ugly and nerve racking....but a W is a W. Bring it UNC.
RAYS WIN RAYS WIN!!
Having some fun with #followalibrarian Friday!
The Silk Tie likes Jason! Know where to get a good tie? we do :)
For what? ": Heading to Wewahitchka - Gulf County."
I was the fifth girl...they wrote me out of the pilot
Glad you like!!
where is that on the near Clemons center parkway
hmm, I'm a Brunette from Rochester. How's that? What about yourself?
Thank you for making my night. Awesome party wish I was there
go home? I'm laying in my bed!
loved seeing your pretty face today, hangout soon please<33
Vera ~ The impact temp & pressure melded = continental crust; KT(c) sediment; that = Alvarez eureka moment! OCEANIC :: (Mg2Sio6, CaMgS2iO6)
Nothing worse than hospital waiting rooms
um mine has it on the little tray...has to be a dude thing :)
Well, at least 3 months. You can use towels for extra head support.
Awesome! Thank you.
I, for one, am shocked Boston came back.
It's raining and I got a game later today .-.
I already forgot the last time we spoke.
Funny mine too!but not preg just winter fatness pregnancy motto: if it requires me to put on real pants, I'm prob not interested
what story Tony?
Seriously, it's the kind of quality I remember from when I was watching non-legal streams of anime on YouTube years ago.
Worry not that no one knows of you; seek to be worth knowing. -Confucius
can you do me a favor? Please follow me so I can tell you what that favor is in a message. It's rather personal. Thanks.
amen man! beady eye and the high flying birds are good, but it aint the same
ohh yeah i totally fogot lmao. how is that???
live tournaments always sound fun until you are there for 30 mins and start thinking wtf am i doing here ugh
Well I failed embarrassingly in my last tweet :/ (that I just deleted)
We hope you enjoyed your dinner last night. How was everything?
We just came really close to Kreider's first NHL goal
That's the one. It wasn't funny...AT ALL. I didn't make it past a few minutes & what I saw made me want to scratch my eyes out.
attending NIST NSTIC Privacy Workshop in Cambridge MA today
DES Journal for April 26
Hello to all our new fans!
haha yeen' know? Haha oh wow, she dont got no Tv she told us that remember
I'm home. Rejoice.
Launched our new mini lava cakes. Chocolate, Carrot and Lemon. We inject each one with rich, luscious frostings. They melt in your mouth.
you're beautiful...
hahaha yeah it's so different going from 8 laps to 1.... hahaha
With the older age ranges how to you make sure you reach them via SM? You need to research your target audience!
Happy birthday to my main man I always thought you just really liked May Day in grade school. Must have been the birthday cheer.
That makes me hopeful! He's in Montessori like yours--since 18mo. I put him in another school 2mo ago but going back next month.
thanks Anna! We are doing quite well, how are you?
Getting my tux for prom...#TeamBowtie or #TeamTie?
Looking forward to book club tonight. Discussing Cheri Priest's *Boneshaker*.
Hey Piet! Just sent you an email. I'd be happy to help you out with your Nickelback article.
There are WAY TOO MANY options for you to be out of them, !! Nia makes people smile . . . . I have a class at 6 pm tonight! ;-)
You're my dream, my home, my life, my soul, & my dance.
Consider a pre-natal massage with us? We won 2010-2011 Best of Citysearch for Pregnancy massage. Check in at FS to earn points.
love that she just said it on air
Pleasee follow me! :)
Sure, we are working some accounts out there. The products should be there before we trek down there in person if need be.
right! Why! A 7 era at the ballpark. Why didn't we ride Ogando longer??
We are so glad to hear this! Thank you for your support.
I wasn't ready for that! Lmaooo, woah doc... No touching boobies on the first Date. Smh.
my...my friend Thomas... he...he doesn't know who Chuck Norris is D=
Breathe in, breathe out.
How do I get one of those red ribbons??
I love when you watch a commercial and think "That was great! What were they selling again?"
about 1230, lasted for 30 min. For me.
Double Congrats! RT : Congrats!
