thanks for hanging w/us!
Dude no one cares
Okay, making me cry over here! Re: Billy Blanks Jr.
it's on YouTube :)
Our Mixer is next TUESDAY at Coppia in the Pearl! 6-8pm. Come meet new business partners.
40 Laps to go at with in the lead - if you missed the first half- catch the end on
Hello Jasper *smiles* how are you
Hooray! And thanks. Jack had his eyes on a table of women the whole time. It was pretty cute.
this cemetery project is gay as heck.
Apologies for the uptime issues, and thanks for bearing with us -- see next message about downtime between 9pm & 7amET
i would piss on you
. Why not list for us all the reasons you think companies SHOULD support ALEC? what are the great things it has done for us?
How do you keep your cool in stress. RT If I met I would ask her...?
Dr. Frederick Frankenstein: HE'S GOT A ROTTEN BRAIN! IT'S ROTTEN, I TELL YA! ROTTEN! The Monster: RAAAAAAAA! Igor: Ixnay on the ottenray.
Listening to some girl talk about traveling at the table next to me...sigh. Makes me want to go to Europe again...
I understand a lot but what I will not tolerate is being put second to anyone friends no family of course
"The safety of the world, in some sense, depends on you saying 'no' to inhumane ideas" - AZ Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords
Does everyone have new outfits on in honor of the new uniforms tomorrow?
Ottawa pulls the goalie with 1:15 left.
Everything happens for a reason. The hard part is figuring out that reason.
The One who carries the cross, carries me. Such an pleasant feeling to just fall in His arms and trust in Him.
What gives ? I can't accept the follower request from
- Connecting to would be awesome.
Working on balancing ideas and execution. Successful people do both.
Dean has
Sore, achy back? Need a great, therapeutic massage in San Antonio? Call (210) 334-8488 & mention “Twitter” for 15% off all week!
pero you have to understand certain people have different situations.
that's impressive
thanks to our new followers happy friday!
Happy Birthday I know you will kill it Tonight Let the Party Rock! Opening set by !
Lose: Don't, Can't, Must, Should, and No from your vocabulary if you want new creative ideas from your team.
His words still on my mind......
need an extra boost during your ride? come in and pick up some Hammer Gel and Gu products!
We can't bunt there to move Ramirez over to third?
In the office still. Been a long say, but this is the #Spring/SummertimeGrind of recruiting!
Try the sticky pads for a few days just to make sure! After my first few centipedes I have the exterminator come in quarterly.
oh, salsa is a great idea.
Loved Karen the Cougar
Get your sexy Tebow T-shirts at www.tebowtees.com
home is where your heart is. The grass is never greener on the other side.
Happy December, 24 Days til Christmas!
Feelin' no love from any of you guys </3
Damn the music makers in life sometimes; because of them, I now have to put pants on.
was joslin asking for an autograph?
I walk in to a school with empty halls, when its usually packed. Am I missing something?
Julia gets govn't help her whole life & can't have a baby w/out govn't into her 30s? This is the country we want?
the wife wasn't looking while I took the photo lol
Great job! Love this app!
Only 1/22 students in my course was assigned an ebook textbook for another course
the real cost of gas has cost over $12/gal for a long time
How many of y'all muhfuckas took a shower before taking your Avi pic? Only two?? ... I can tell
totally fun! YES - definitely interested. email me at lixilamb at gmail dot com and we'll discuss ... would love that!
he did and it was amazing!
Thinking back on how awkward my hug with Nick Jonas was when I met him...i'm such a dork.
stoked about my two new tiny tattoo additions =)
Spotify. I can't decide which one I like better.
doing the paper work for our wooden rocking horse project with
speakin of the girl who calls me blocked! Might as well
if only
glad you are coming - be sure to tweet both and about your breakfast wish.
wow, I want that back yard hooo hooo lol
great to meet you yesterday!
Just transfered my last domain from GoDaddy to
To try and prove God using science might work for a Christian but it would probably also work for an atheist trying to prove God
It's going to be an awesome day!
: always glad to have you...hope you enjoyed!
No one is happy, unless they are free
has been coughing for 5 minutes straight now and is still coughing
Apparently this is my 2 yr Twitter anniversary. Joined at the Shape of Things to Come conference after watching 's feed.
If all you have is W-2 income,no deductions and little income,you should try to complete your own tax return. www.1040Easyonline.com
Pulled for #Bodemeister but happy for I'll Have Another's win.
So grateful to be in the happenings of what has already happened!
I think there is a #bigbangtheory quote for every life situation
I'm going to be in ripon next Saturday, probably not on campus though. Maybe I'll stop at Rodman :)
Joe Brennan simply looks out of sync for the second straight spring game. Yes he's going against the 1st-team D, but looks so uncomfortable
Kemp on DL. There goes any hope of having a good performance this week and next
Thank you for all the adds so far! We're still working on getting up and running. Please check back here soon for more information!
Late NFL star Seau's family undecided on brain research
Thanks for mentioning us!
Enjoying the weather today? - I'M NOT.
hahaha how much is a lil bit ?
School is almost out!! Do you have your summer calendar filled?? Add us to it!! THE FUN STARTS HERE!!!
it's ok I'll tell my carnal to handle you LOL
I like how Mac used "flaky, petulant meathead" in his latest Tribune column.
lol i miss you too!!!! i wanna see you!! IA in the summer ill be ova ur house with my sis erday lol:P
where is my golf cart driver!?
Back at 'cha from everyone at The Fund! We love !
"How do I know you won't kill me?" ...." because if you told me an' you were lying I wouldn't get to kill you then." anyone?
+1! MT When I make a list, I always end it with "make a list." CHECK. So I begin with a sense of accomplishment.
today was pretty good for a tuesday been trying to write that disturbing story for my writing class but i end up grossing myself out
Can't thank y'all enough for "liking" us! Be sure to share the page & the website with your friends :)
STALL: Hwy 26 WB in the tunnel- right lane blocked
Doing shop visits in Los Angeles all week. If you are from the area, let us know your favorite shop. We might just stop by!
Shaka Smart turned down Illinois coaching position and stays at VCU. Glad he is being loyal to these young players
Friday May 13th is your Lucky day.Art Exhibit at Pilates Plus San Diego 5-8pm...visit the web site...
What up twits...
Well, in that case, cheers to you!
So true! RT : I freaking love Only he could pull this off
: . Retweet . Follow Back ? Please
l know. Put some pants on. Much sexier
Couldn't sleep half the night, but am staying positive about tonight's game! Wow. Bruins fans sure showed a lot of class after losing :p
12 hours and some 2,000 photos later...it's a wrap!
Lol I bet!!! How come you did it?
Finally made it to the barber shop
Yeah, it was a while back huh, ? Thanks for the love
Happy to see Lebron James back in action!
I'm freezing my balls off here at the end pier and in about 7 hours I'll be sweating my balls off back home in AZ.
check out A1styles on facebook
Good Morning Great People “Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure.
Hi my loves!!!! How are you today?! :)
What's wrong? :/
Are any of you beta testing the Disney Studio All Access program yet?
week 10! tune into 98.5 and hear whose next on the 7:40 it goes down right now tune in
Shoot so fun yest.Had 2 sit on lockers half day but wasnt flat so had to cling on 4 dear life lol. Also had 2 hold onto boombox at same time
im good enjoyin life. you in the chi?
go like me on facebook!!! look up cortney taylor under pages!!! 123 GO
is twitter tarded
#oracle #linux #unix Ever need to know when an inode was birthed? try 'stat -f %SB' now that's not a hint you hear every day!
His game tonight was awesome for a shorthanded team. He almost willed the series to a game 7 in the Chi.
Sometimes in life u have tough decisiosns to make :/
Coach Ham style baby RT : Fisher's #NSD press conference has been delayed. It was supposed to start at 3 pm, but still isn't underway
Im patiently impatient 😒
I don't see anywhere that says how long the b'day offer is good for
“: Been up all day creating #dope shit for the GSU fashion show me an GRINDIN for ”
simple and fantastic quote!
Great to meet u too! RT Nice meeting with you !
Nashville here we come!
Thank you!!! I think I'm going to start a whole series of them. RT I LOVE IT
I tell people oka cool . When I dnt care lol.
Yeah... me too. It was rather alarming to be woken up by fighter jets and helicopters last night.
the worst one to go to!
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me. - Kurt Cobain
no I still feel pretty shitty. Only difference is I now want a puppy
Andre Lacy: "this meeting is crucial." "Our months of waiting are over." Meeting = "never a means of placing blame."
Arsenio Edwards IS UGLY AS HELL
Wow u have alot of girls tweeting ya! LOL
RT : Got #sinusitis? Use neti-pot w/ a pinch of sea salt in luke warm water, rinse regularly
"Eyes are the window to the soul"-Hemingway
I'm just good like that (: lol (not really)
Listening to music :-D
I got the iBook bible on the ipad too, I can't find the new king James though. Do you have the New King James?
It's raining 3s in Dallas
if u lose smething of urs & look4 it u will alwys find it n da last place u look evn if its da1st place u look y keep lookin after u find it
kinda ?? And I bet you are lol
OMG!! Leave Alone! Like Seriously! Like he is better then you!
Had so much fun watching a couple of the films for upcoming season. Great stuff in the works!!!
does ulster-scot = Irish? Please educate me on such things!! :)
WHY are you talking about it on twitter?!?!?! Seriously though I can't wait.
I need to talk to a couple of colleagues about doing a session on a project here, but if not that, it would be geospatial.
Ready to party
at home #drinking a bottle of
Ironically, my wife's iPod Touch (1st generation) passed away on the very same day as Steve Jobs. Sadly, there is no replacement for Steve.
I didn't want it to become an emergency replacement situation and I can still get what I need directly off the old one.
jealous! I have salted almonds... ::(
Upon watching Exit Through the Gift Shop I am compelled to ask Banksy if *he can display his wide set of unique skills. #Renoir♥'dstencils
thanks so much!
MK is being finished off stream but it is all being recorded... i will post matches tomorrow
I never learn in science
Well, that was stressful. Time to clean my brain with
Stand ready! Believe ,repent ,receive!
And? I got a new radio!
this mess going on? This are all bunch of Bullshit ha haha lol.. grown up folks fighting like animals damn!!
Easy for you to say. At least you have a left nipple. Lost mine at age 15 in a skateboard/chain link fence accident.
& are out at a mystery location - we'll be taking your guesses in less than 30! Tune in to
Life at the holiday inn again in Albq after trip to raton
hope all is well my friend
Quote of the night "(yadda yadda yadda) Chips and salsa" lol all night
Why Black People Think You'll Remember A Person If They Say A Name Twice? "You Remember Ashley?" "Ashley Who?" "Ashley Ashley"
You sir, obviously don't play Fallout.
I've to go to do some shopping
Forget all the reasons it won't work, & believe in the one reason why it will.
#writing #submitting #NaPoWriMo grading essays, cooking, packing books in my office, getting to a novel to read back home
I'm trying but its so close to my vacation
"Guys ever see George Michael sing this at Freddy Mercury's tribute? Kills it." actual conversation at poker table at Brewhouse. Among men.
RT : Biggest lesson a person can learn is to let stuff go<thats what she said..lol
Mumford and sons >
NBC expanded Summer #Olympics camera coverage! The world will finally get to see Chess Boxing.
NW- A Walk to Remember !! (:
Two former bank chiefs have admitted to crimes while running their respective institutions
Take my belt off bitch im pooty tang//Tippy tah Tippy tay u gon get a tip today//Fuck that u gon get some dick Today
i wish her the best:)
Drew reminds me of the coach on Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Remember him in the movie? Might even be the same guy... Lol
My iPhone says tomorrow has changed its great weather! Love it! ;-)
That looks like the stain in his back seat!
Take time to re-group. You can sometimes become your own worse enemy
Happy 4th of july everyone. Go fucking enjoy it!
hi Warner Patterson
ZZIIINNNG rehearsal was too loud . . . must be nice to hear high frequencies
Cailiffs of Baghdad, Georgia by Mary Helen Stefaniak
Desperate times and all that. #FreeGio RT : And here comes Harry's hail Mary. Gio in the game
...and now that I've made fun of that idea, I kind of want to do it
hi rachel! hope we can catch up soon! :)
www.bleachercreaturesusa.com
Back from a 2-week holiday and catching up on news.
Nothing but good things to come :)
it's time
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit - Kahlil Gibran, 'The Vision'
Thanks, Dave-O. I felt like ripping CD play #3 out of the rack and tossing it out the window. We don't get along very well.
If you live in the Austin area and need new replacement windows put on your home, Statewide is the one and only choice for your home!
you make me smile, cry, laugh, you give me butterflies, you make me love, and you sure as hell make me jealous.
Followed them all. Interesting peeps.
trying to find a person, tweeting you, Listening to black veil brides, and chillen on fb
lunch at the journey. bout to chow
Thanks for both! Look forward to telling you about the class. It's really a fun sequence of topics.
I got fucking poison ivy. SHIT
my favorite ;)
Yeah so Austin Mahone is my Penguin Ok bye ^.^
J. Cole - Can I Live
So I pressed one for English right how come I still can't understand the dude on the other end???
Wt u doin y u acting anti
Haha why is american reject playin
“: Teach me the way of life. Fill me with the joy of your presence - Psalm 16:11 (please retweet).”
I need a boyfriend.. After watching all these TSS videos..
Stop by Gallery 924 after the St. Patrick's Day Parade to see Seeking Shelters.
We're excited about tonight's soup class! So perfect for chilly January weather. Do you have a favorite soup?
Would love to see score
Made it to florida!
I want to play!
Days like today make me wish I had a jeep.
A call-out to shampoo brands? mrktg expert on Bryce Harper: "youth, talent, looks, charisma & interesting hair.”
Eggs, bacon, Toast, & some OJ :)
of building their own virtual popularity!
you say mad, I say has her game face on
Love your work. Will there be any 2012 idp lists coming in the near future?
Thanks for including me in The Daily Grind's top stories!
Crowd now gathering around podium at Barrett event, last word from campaign was that he'd speak at 10 (same as Walker)
DM us with your referral code and turn that frown upside-down!
aww thanks! It's on campus for a testing center!
"The praise that comes from love does not make us vain, but more humble." -- James M. Barrie
such an awesome doc! We're friends of a friend and got a peak at it
Attention 8th graders: Check out the NYC High School Fair at Brooklyn Technical High School in Fort Greene today, 10am-3pm. I'll be there!
They are quite scathing/ snarky aren't they! Only in
The first few sessions were definitely cleansing. Felt a lot of pain and emotions moving around. It can get intense (good)...
Happy to say I never worked at a fast food chain...
#smnpchat transparency is guiding value in the process -- and staff are confident that employee retention is top priority (it is)
Say what you want about Melo, but he can sure turn it the hell on in crunch time.
No Facebook just Twitter for Now To Many people with to many Problems So I'll be /DaHustlemane FOLLOW ME I will hit you BAC
Haha "academy award winner" mike smith
The #movie Safe with Jason Statham was full of action and suspense. I loved the conflict between cultures. Great film set in NYC.
Id like to be everything you want.
See you at chocolate decadence!
Lonely but not alone...
Awesome half. Good job, Rex. Don't throw at Revis. cc:
woah don't get to crazy
Holy fuck it's like hardcore raining outside I feel like my window is going to break from the hail. I don't want to die lol😲😨
Last show today and SOLD OUT! Sorry to those we had to turn away last night but STAY TUNED - this won't be the last you'll hear of DDJ!
Don't celebrate ya still need 2 more... And some defense would be nice
who's had a worse month,the vikes,giants or jets?
Agreed, makes me CRAZY RT : Why do people insist on putting an "S" to some restaurants? It's Vapiano, Dino. No "S" at the end.
#HB1051 will hurt Maryland Computer Repair and IT Service firms. It will also hurt 99% of taxpayers and small businesses.
I think of more as the Forrest Gump of DH.
Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at ’s Mongolian Grill – Lexington. Caring Club members...
2 fonts per page max.
Both espn games were tight today.
Quick question, is Typhon actually tameable? Ultros came with the cinematic, but nothing for Typhon. Thanks in advance.
damn straight
Southwest Airlines launches one day Florida fare sale
I hate when my phone wont download music
cool:)x
God was bored by him. ~ Victor Hugo
We were just there last weekend. How do you like their food?
Yes I did! That's why it's best to keep business and personal separate! It's business! Poor girl...
Hi Lorren, missed seeing your tweets lately.
finally a pass in stride
Idaho Yesterdays files have been fixed, the last hurdles in place, we are in the home stretch.
Watching an extended edition of Return of the King. The cut scenes really change a few things.
Recommending a project plan for a library website redesign.
okay ? your point is ??? lol
love ya
Looking forward to a very early video shoot tomorrow!
No really...I am!
Does anyone know if the presale requires the code AND an AMEX card or just either?
spoiler alert
do cardio AFTER your weight workout. muscles need glycogen for weight lifting, and doing cardio first will use it up
Tweet tweet
LSU vs Bama Tonight at The Anchor Bar. Come in for $7 Domestic Pitchers and 50 cent wings all day and night!! Also it Hospitality night..
Well, you must be home by now. Hope you had a good trip.
Wow :( You ever have kids remind me to send them a prezzie! Cat in the hat was my childhood, then again we didn't have Tintin.
Dal Palak sauce with mild curry, yellow split peas and spices over roasted lamb slices!.......very tasty!
I get it.. I know ppl who go Casino on Fri & Sat night then come Sunday morning ask me to help pay their mortgage.
I'm all set for a week of research in the Ishmael Reed papers at the University of Delaware's Morris Library. #totalassaultontheculture!
It rarely happens here before 3 or 4pm unless it has to. My usual routine: wake up, shuffle to coffee, shuffle to desk. Begin.
Thanks lol. We will see you guys in the season opener so its going to be a war as always
So much...
If you're Repub because of pre-1960's I feel sorry for you for missing 40 years. 60's is when both parties changed on social issues
Why are you letting them get wide open 3's -__-
MXA'S 2012 HUSQVARNA TC250 MOTOCROSS TEST: SOMETHING GOOD CAME FROM BMW ... - Motocross Action Magazine
Stuck in the past
I love you and thank you!! :)
Pierce is better but has a few more tools.. Miller makes a ton out of little physical ability.. He is super crafty & strong
Please naaaaaaaaa :p RT I'm really thinkin bout cuttin ma hair
No worries. Great to see you!
LMFAO she really is
Re. dentist's waiting room: makes a twisted kind of sense, if you think about it
Well, jolly scientific of you, then
come wind down at the Joy Ride.
we had a fun visit to today. always a good day when that happens. can't wait until next time!
if you havent turned in your receipt, i will not have class points for you. bring it to CRJ office or to class next tues
Word of the Day: Microwait- Consequence of the lunchtime rush for the microwave in corporate settings.
I can't watch ABDC tonight )':
is there no way to watch the game today from tally?
Jacobin Bill & Ted will be my intended audience, for sure.
Go Pens! Go Canucks!
oh please..lying ass! lol
I love my partners & sponsors in - they include , Se Hotel, Sofia Hotel, The Lingerie Lounge and
Talking with the homeboy CTFU #Gotta luv him
My son got a job!
Lol at people that hate "mainstream" artists... Umm there's a reason they r so popular, they r awesome
Whoooooooaaaa from black to white
Minute means a lot!
Getting on a boat going to Thunderbird Lodge
it gets easier when you get older, trust me
Manning should go 2 BALT.They're ready to win now and it would be ironic if Manning left Indy for BALT knowin BALT left for Indy
Omg LOL RT : Admitting you are an asshole is the first step of becoming a republican
bitch are you drunk? It's a weekday!
#FF he's an amazing dedicated guy that's Straight Edge. Happy Friday bro!
thank you!
Celebrating International Badge Day in 2012 by wearing my letters on my heart.
enjoy the rest of your day!
Who will win it all today? Who are the Colonials fans cheering!?
~~~~ this girl loves you SO much <3 -> please give her a shoutout before she goes to sleep ;*
Did the Giants really want to rely on a field goal in the city of the "idiot kicker" quote? Twitter is over-reacting once again.
Possibly a $19 coupon (1 time use) may help...Just type in "Waterboy" and get your coupon.
be a #socialworker maybe? Volunteer? Does it even matter? You can even in research and advertising!
I stop and give thanks.
i love that old school beat on the chris brown "Sweet Love"record
#Blazers found their 2nd unit.
you should go play tennis!
I have treasure in my mind I just need the chance unlock them.
Also a huge thank you to from NCISLA who came to support the short film she was in tu & eu by Eddie Sheih
Good to meet you tonight. Hope to bump into you again soon!
About to get ready to photograph fightfest!! Going to be one long hot day
Play me off Elton John!
i didnt post that pic my cousin did sorry
you know I got you spuddyy !
If he only knew how I felt...
Interesting. I have reciprocity in about 30 states, if I had the psychotic desire to pay annual fees for no reason.
On really
Hey, I have an idea... Stop the story topping!! lol!
lists are now fixed, thanks for the excellent bug report!
UNBELIEVABLE. Sajak basically making a joke about having 10 seconds and then that happens?!
BITCH IM NVER GOING NO WHERE IM HZ MAIN SQUEEZE....BLAH BLAH BLAH
i hate mondays
I see you next weekend :oD how am I to find you in this mad ocean of people? Just head to the back?
Dear automatic flushing toilet, I appreciate the enthusiasm... but I wasn't done yet!
Thanks for the mention! :)
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
Finished 1st wk in new position at 3Seventy - getting the word out to those wondering where I disappeared.
don't blink
"The water should be salty like the sea!" -'s words that I remember every time I cook.
merry christmas! locke and lola loved santa's gifts. now off in search of coffee for the in-laws in an unfamiliar area ( app).
I'm in love with Siri on my new iPhone 4S!!!!
that he likes him and respects him. That's enough apparently.
What up, tho?!
Thanks for pointing that out! It is now fixed.
Duke Blue Devils 1/2 ′ ‘Iron D Basketball ’ Pendant – Gold Plated Jewelry
“: what is the date of the NBA lottery? anyone know. Google's giving me fuck stick responses.” think it's May 30. Not sure tho
Open science man. Open science.
#Np Sweat It Out
I'm following the Pope on Twitter. Are you?
i cant deal
RT : New York, you're pretty great.
Eating mac-n-cheese at 9:00 clock!!!!!(: #storyofmylife (:
So would we!!!
check out Gutta J on you tube "Nino Brown"
Wats good Bro We Bacc On!
Please encourage a friend to run/walk the IMM Full, Half, or 5K. Register TODAY & receive $5 off w/ Referral Code OneMonth. Don't miss out!
hey sunshine :)
Marchers stopped in front of Blue Cross Blue Shield
No. We got 4 inches of snow last week...tends to put a damper on outdoor gatherings....
Why is your butt 50 shades of gray?
The only picture of mine online has disappeared! I only have cell phone shots now...it's hiding up in NY. This will help haha
IF U AINT BOUT YO WORD WTF IS U BOUT?
Ditto“: Just switched from the #CNNTeaPartyDebate to the Miss Universe pageant. "Nude heels make every woman's legs a mile longer.
When it comes to higher gas prices, Farley is less interested in consumer model choice than engine choice within models.
Finished my first half marathon today-Hippie Chick!
: Then so it will be! We're out of print ARCs of The Understory. Can I e-mail you a pdf?
While education reform continues to gain ground in the US,EdVillage's friends around the world are ready to start revolutions of their own!
Betty White's Off Their Rockers is not right LOL!!!
thanks love! I'm sure I'll see you sometime soon :)
I've got the after lunch sleepies. Must...go....on....
“: I did detect CHEMISTRY. :-)” ..yep..a good on the desk, against the wall scenes!
- just bought my first pair, these are the BEST jeans I've ever purchased. Keep up the good work
And please don't imagine that if things get worse things will get better. History suggests when things get worse things get worse. (3 of 3)
Sitting at the table talking to my titi grandma and my mom planing how we gonna put the present under the tree without my bro seeing us!
I'll email her - I don't have her phone but know others that may have it. She have your cell? -CV
I ask only because I noticed that your profile says you are involved with internet marketing.
So interesting when worlds collide & someone I met at REDucation ends up being the 1st AC and EPIC owner for a shoot with friends in Spain.
I love how people say "have a safe flight" like they actually control their fate.
honesty, when am I not hyper. For real.
Working with SWW to uncover the women of ROC who aided in anti slavery, not the headlines such as Susan B- the everyday women.
Don't forget you're unique just like everybody else
Walker still up: P latest poll for liberal Daily Kos finds Walker leads Barrett 50% to 45%, identical to results from poll last month.
DOWNLOAD MY NEW TRACK "LEAN WIT IT" RETWEET
Wish I could crush 307 with u tonite
watching the notebook :'( <3
Headed to rehearsal at 6!!
#AmericanAirlines is not holding up their end of the bargain with lost luggage. It should NOT take 3 days to get luggage delivered.
This Just In: San Diego Chicken has balked at trade to Boston #RedSox claiming such a move would be "career ending"
Today is just so long and frustrating...and it's not over yet :/
Don't come home a failure. -Ty Cobb
Hey ladies! If you are at a bar, and they guy you are with cannot tell which is an orange and which is a grapefruit- don't go home with him!
You're welcome! When are we gonna hang out?!
More parking at IMA after old bikes removed this week “: Yes, some of you eagle-eyes did see bicycles coming into our warehouse”
Hey MT : doing a event this Sat in Sac for 400+ homeless ppl. wanna be part, contact me for detail
Oh fuuuuuck no.. Stalker alert!
Yup its almost the weekend again Goodmorning al
Waiting on people -_______-
hit me up about this raekwon show tonight
When you are thirsty, try 7-Up, the refreshing drink in the green bottle with the big 7 on it and Up after.
July 1st......could it be?? Yes, I think it is.
Let's see where imma be this time next year
It's hard, no doubt, and I don't think most artists know how. I would love to see artist's trained in this.
Part of an excellent story that a ten-year-old boy just told me. Now he's teaching me to play XBox hockey.
Good luck!
me too, and I'm glad I got to use "IRL" today
Good tip lol
Listening to music and drinking soda. . Yepp, that's the life c;
: r u in section 127?
The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery
“: that's enough to recall tonette 2”
I emailed you too.
Sadly site has gone down each time I was making final decisions in my basket. I just wanted to get a #deal and #shop :(
JAPAN, Y U SO KINKY. XD
Thank God we have one another! Luv u! ":I don't know how my family would get through anything if we didn't have each other <3"
haha i think i will ill talk to you tomorrow Ashton goodnight <3
we're you my tour guide?
DO NOT! Mess With A Cancer!
Tryin go out to eat...
Gettin my hair did ;$
ahh tequila, AKA the only clear liquor i'll drink
. Put it this way: If your job involves having pols on both sides of an issue call you back, then perception is huge
I'm working on writing the material and practicing in my living room. I will let you know, when I'm booked at a club. :)
talk to me!
In case you missed the our 2AM tweet, our schedule is up! Or a list in any case. We're trying ok? www.georgetownmusicfest.com/schedule
Lets get! Adult playdate tomoerow wit the crew. Movies tonight!
Mountain Lion looks so cool. Another reason to look forward to the summer.
dayum cuties coming through. love it.
With finals starting next week, we are beyond busy. Make sure to bring in your posters early! #stayfocused and good luck
Sara are audiobooks a good way to go for handbooks? i wrote a hospice handbook and was wondering if appropriate
Thanks for the shoutout! Have a great Thursday!
MY BIRTHDAY IS TODAY :D i wish or would follow me
Harry Belafonte is trending! Cool!
Man the #Bulls just look tired as hell and are just being outplayed right now.
hm... gettin creative now ;)
hello Miss... me and my friend are trying to get the playoff 12's and i know you are the shoe master, any help?
lmaoo quit ridin his dick bitch! he almost knocked yo stupid ass out! hahahahaa!
Hot day?! Ice cold ZICO! Join us at Hermosa Beach pier!!!!
thanks for sharing!
Happiness is around the corner, Wealth down the street. --Panda Express fortune cookie
DQ when I get home???
this guy...
didnt we already ban gay marriage like 5 years ago?
Checking all my messages!
why is it , when kobe gets in the lakers take the lead ?! ha .
I see you!!! Do your thang lookin good!!!
Carlos Gomez has been one of the top 5 #brewers all year, quit complaining about him hitting second and starting in center! Admit he's good
I wish I got more spam
So much good going on this weekend. At the 1011 We The Granada,Pygmaeus&TGLH-Fri, Deer Vibes&iLL P-Sat. Artslam&cool Rabbit Show Sun. 17th
yeah! Gonna #dominate this cash register!
Annie Oakley born today, 1860, in Ohio. Known for her shooting, but also broke through stereotypes with her femininity.
Jordan will forever be greater than lebron.
thanks for the very interesting tweets
I wanna lay out and tan in the middle of the grass:)
Well, I cried.
i swear now so not the time for insyaallah's. Lepas subuh kan? I need a lift.
I thought people weren't allowed to talk to the lifeguard...
Off to see "Husbands and Lovers" with my lover at the Wash Stage Guild.... Oh, #fellowsmafia will be there as well
Thanks for the mention. Can't wait for #AmericasCup. We have an amazing menu in store!
Easy The Jackson 5! What do I win?
I mean, I hope everyone's okay..
I'm deciding whether or not to go. I'm thinking the news stations might live stream it.
Congrats to you both. Your fans couldn't be happier for you!!!!!
lol sure makes you want to have kids, huh? :)
he's got his own little show on the nose or something like that
Gotta see a Cubs game this summer
Don't forget our Children's Fair this wknd! Sat & Sun 10-5pm @ the Balloon Museum. Fun, games and zoo animals great for the family!
The obvious and proper choice rain.
Anyone join Twitter just to get in on the #wemakemovies fun???
Hehe :P RT No I got it from my marriage wit u :)
Good job lady lions #dykesforlife and I cnt find Kayla :p
a gorgeous day in central park, strolling from lunch at via quadronno to the met.
Content analyzing for a media effects paper.
What a comeback for the #clippers. Wait staff at the #marriott going crazy
Whats good my dude!!!
Hey, Joe Smit here..have you heard from John lately?
wan some?
You should also be impressed by 's hand-eye coordination.
<---I got a lovely email asking me what the name of chainsaw on our logo was. His name is Plato and he is fulled by mayo and boobsweat
We will be up and TWEETING very shortly!
When I am in my painting, I'm not aware of what I'm doing. ~Jackson Pollock
I skipped over the self diagnosis thing as very ridiculous. I don't think Dr's will be happy about that.
There all on my camera tomorrow I'll put them up!!
Thanks for everything on Wednesday! Great day of #golf at the ! You all were wonderful & our clients had a fantastic time!
We love our twitter friends. Here's to insomnia! <3
John Smith will only be there for one year... Don't get too excited redwolves
I'm disheartened at the twitter decelerataion re #wiprogress . I've also strayed for awhile(b/c my husband doesn't like twitter :))
Spent all day with youth group.
I agree--this class looks great. Looks like teaches it.
- I agree, and would probably be bored quickly, although I can say I've never seen anything like it...
You will...And, then you'll miss your family. ;)
Because Fathers day is Sunday...not too quick on the uptake are ya RaSha ; )
#myhealth is trending. considering my diet i thought i ought to be a part of this.
There u go boys! Double Play!!!
Loved the article with in the new
Watching The Celebrity Apprentice with Viggle Sun | 9PM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
At the Northwestern game with (Katie P.)
right back at you bruh!
Sipping wit my husband I love him can't wait to eat and talk shit tomorrow with my family and my in-laws I love them all!
They started it!
great meeting with you this morning at the always delicious
Dead Mac.
when your sick and the doctor tells you that you cant go to school for at least a week
Four wheeler riding with my man? I think yes.
Good Morning Sir Sean Murphy !! Hey to the gang
follow me baby:c loveyouuualot<3
A diet of cough drops and tea all week has been so much fun let me tell ya.
I want my songs back, :'/
I'm not dealing with this shit before I leave so you can go fuck yourself
I just spent my whole bus ride on your favstar page, thank you sir.
does anyone have any info on Marissa?
I'm glad you watching this.
thank you ;) make it a great day!!
scene cards are now my first ten pages!
Seems like I'm not the only one sad. :/
RT : Reach out to my publicist She will take care of you
Love it! -> RT m, my office smells of freshly destroyed thai yumminess!!
Twitter/FB dominate the web? Not until corporate America allows access between 9 and 5... long way to go.
whatever yall do don't go to margeritas... They food been giving ppl food poisoning lately
Girls will never learn
Time to get that Chili cooking and the relish cooling...
As a strategic PR move that performed, it was awesome. Use anything you can to take center stage. Last name + Assets = press
Learn from the artist's message, not the artist.
Is waiting for chick fil a.
why are you such a crazy? I love you!
Sure no problem... The REC abbreviation stands for Regional Extension Center. Hope this helps.
I hate both of you....but just want to see your eyes!! 😳
ah!!! thanks so much ;)) you rock!!
Any updates on the progress of The LIttle Death Vol. 2?
Is it Sadie Hawkin's Dance?
glad your knee is okay : )
good night. I still can't ever thank you enough for making today memorable. x
next show is October 16 at Johnny's Irish Pub. line up your baby sitters and dinner plans now
Lol! *followed by crying*
samee here! And then I would die!
yeah i already had the small guy lit but everyone else was smoking huge ones and i felt left out
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw you can avoid putting heat on a marriage that is considering staying together.
me me please
Aw Porkchop! I just saw this and I'm back in office. Let's do lunch this week? #doit :-( RT : stop by yo.
what do you think is next big underground sound/movement?
Sick of zombies and vampires. I want a Frankenstein apocalypse.
About to go on the air on WNOX 100.3 FM to discuss Always fun to get behind the mic! :-)
Sending off design comps. James and I rocked the designs. Now rocking out to some Aerosmith!
I knew it! :-D -- p.s. we have like a hundred pounds of pizza dough here...when is your next day off?
I miss u cuzzin were the fuck r u
Thank you! RT Listening to author Susan Henderson talk about her novel "Up From The Blue" & the writing process.
Comcast ch 27 now live hip hop show!
It's not even 12 yet and i already feel a headache coming on -___-
Almost finals season! Academic excellence today leads to a GOLDEN future tomorrow.
I feel bad sitting here watching this douchebag squeeze Verlander. Mostly cause he's doing the same thing to me.
What is better, to be born good? Or to overcome your evil nature through great effort?
Hey Shane. Did you get our e-mails the other day? Thanks
Another beautiful sunny day in LA. Just received merger docs for the SAG-AFTRA union #Epic - XavierLT.com
Lots of chatter re Petersen, Patterson & Dungy - what about Gruden?
Pretty much. Yup. That was #SXSW2012 day one. Oye!
I was there for all the presentations but nothing like that jumped out at me. Guess you never know.
u can mail in items you'd like to have signed at the show and mailed back. Check out promolastevents.com for more details!
God posers are so stupid, just needed to say that! Now on an unrelated note i'm back in Miami after taking THE WORST flight of my life -___-
Lol!! I just went to Joe on the third floor of the theatre building. I just brought two DVD's and he put Rent on there..
You watch! We gonna start a real Movement! Imma teach as many mo fuckas how to cook! Personally! THESE BETCHES CANT COOK!
Ms Kerr is pretty.
I love that you have a twitter now :)
so thankful for the rain. Don't let rain or heat ruin your event have it in our indoor grand ballroom.
I always follow back bro. Yes, It would be nice
#NP.. "Hate Sleeping Alone" (I was in love 2 years ago & gave the baggage to my ex that's all for her to carry, bags she deserves to carry)
sending a risky message and tossing your phone away from you haha
LOL..all the timeRT : Fresh dressed just in case I meet Jesus.
hello homework, prepare to meet your maker
Just not happy in general. U tweeted way after ur stuff got taken.. but now u cnt tlk to me. Gr. Going to hang with people I enjoy.
The end of the semester has kept me really busy. Finals end tomorrow and summer classes start on Monday. All worth it to get my degree. :-)
's kitties are so precious! <3
Got $10? Then you’ve got all the beer you care to drink all night long! Does it get any better than this?
Please pray for a friend of mine today. She is having tests done and needs a good report. She is cancer free but is still having pain ...
damn girl. brutal
How could anyone interpret that as racist?
Outstanding Cristian :) Your tweets are so amazing to everyone. You're very incredible that you have exclusive pics on website.
my daughter is my inspiration
I don't think I'll ever be happy with my body.
instead of going to the carnival this year, im going to Germany & Cali. OHH YEAH ~
Thank God school is about too be done :)
is on his way to chicago...can't wait to see all my reforma-ala friends and colleagues.
I think 30 is a good age 2 launch my rap career. I have 16 bars that I wrote while writing my dissertation. I give a s/o to Frantz Fanon.
can't see that (country limitation). I've always found it a little annoying, but it's always been there in the US album version.
Even Ventura's harshest critics agreed his picks for the bench were very good.
yay that's so exciting! I finished today, I feel so relieved!
I'm going to try to be there, but I won't be in costume. I'm a party pooper!
he better watch out..
You can glean a lot of wisdom from lying on the floor. All you can do is look up. And notice the ceiling needs painting.
Happy V day World!! Sexiest day of the year
had so much fun at ur workshop
ok will do, thanks for liking.
who carves a 10ft tall squirrel statue, BRoy at RoseGarden, epic powder on MtHood, will we see snow in PDX? I'm in for Jeff & Kelley. 11pm
It's sad how things dont work out
Um um um um... no. hahahaha. When are you gonna upload the appropriate ones?!
That is definitely a sick piece of gear. Wear it proud.
GO PAUL, GO!!! He shouldn't be forced to stand with the Weasel!
haha...I don't know either. Damn it..that's twice this has happened to me!
Lol I knew someone would go there. Lol Good mornin, my man! What's on the docket?
hope you had a great weekend!
The pleasure is all mine, dear one! Your painting is full of life, music and love, the colors sing to me!
Church picnic time!
they arent bad if they admit they are bandwagoners and don't act like they've been with this team for years :)
What?! Really?! We should have hung out/caught up! Ah...Well, guess we'll wait until I'm back in LA :P FAIL
I love your acting on csi miami
On my way to The Evolution Jam hosted by (bass), Bean Clemons (drums) + Stacy Dillard (sax)
I pays it forward.
tragic! Its fun to hands on defeat alien planets
hey bro 😌
Never let a person bring u down u bring them down and hurt them were it really hurts!wen a peron hits u u hit back isnt abuse its selfdefens
indeed!! And it's set in the town I grew up in. The author lived down the street from me growing up :)
u have truly inspired me to b who i am. im sorry for all of the horrible things people say to u. uve changed my life. TY! LUV U
Sent mine xxoo
Damn we have alot of ugly people at our school as well...smh
"A meaningless life for a human being has none of the dignity of animal unselfconsciousness; (1/2)
Well, they are a motherfucking conversation-starter, that's for sure. If I can steer this to other bike safety, that's cool.
It wouldn't be the first time.
It's almost happy hour! Sounds like a good way to end the day. :)
hey! I will get these brunches on my list this afternoon. Thanks for sharing!
JOIN ME 4 MY MOVIE OCT 7 @ 8PM IN HOLLYWOD CA 8000 SUNSET BLVD FOR THE UPCOMING MOVIE ''KING OF THE RING'' & GET READY 4 'MYCRACKHEADUNCLE
i hate how my computer always auto corrects me.. fuck you i'm aware of how i'm spelling my shit
So I tired to finish all my homework today but now it's 8 and I've only finished Geometry. #IDGAFMentality #YOLO lmaoooo
There's no bullshitting a law exam.
Hey thanks so much! :D
#michigan fans are starting to roll into the bar... 15 minutes after kickoff
Love your passion! :)
Lol only the non-honors people chillax !
Too bad K rate isn't a category.
Trying to reserve myspace name, it says it's taken, but when i type that name in the address bar no page shows up. ??
Maybe u said on tv, but what do you think of Pacers vs. Bulls, think we (Pacers) could steal a game or two?
Hurry up and get down here-FREE Food & DRINKS til midnight!So many hot Honeys at the Hustler Club tonight you don't wanna miss it!
Engagement session in
I think it was a little too wet to ride home today. This isn't Texas after all.
If cherry blossoms were to bloom in Hawaii :)
Ok somebody please tell me they watchin this episode of "Love Addiction" I just randomely tuned into smdh
what im afraid of more is rejection
I woke up this morning and thought it was friday.. shiddddd its only Tuesday :(
"You're" is what meant to type :)
It will be a show stopperRT : ACT partner show next season... Grey Gardens. So exciting!!!
What? Wait...what?
Old Ed is dead. Bruce Mau.
Anyone else watching the Bachelorette and think Ashley is so desperate if she actually lets Ryan come back?
I long for the day I can walk into any store or restaurant and Adele will be playing! Oh...wait, nevermind!
YES, I fully Agree! Treasonous!!
I... I... my brain hurts! I just woke up from a black out and my hands were attempting to log into facebook and start a Farmville account...
There are two types of people in this world... Those who want to see New Years Eve and those who think those people are total assholes.
I don't suppose there's anything for #Awake in that magic NBC bag, is there.
when you pay attention to people who effect you negatively your giving them power when you take your focus off them that power disappears rt
NEW WEBSITE IN THE WORKS!!
I am going threw hard core pms
I don't like prepositions. Always objectifying up in here.
curious who u got this weekend? I'm going SF,NE,Bal, & GB(no homer) what do u think?
So is it true that Democrats want July 3rd to be declared Dependence Day to celebrate Government?
yep, thanks! see you tomorrow
so excited for prom, oh my god
could g+ release of API yesterday be a response 2 fbook? Open source Developers could be the key for g+
It's about time! Welcome to the Land of the #Crew96 !
#mistakesGIRLSmake over thinking things sometimes "/
Wish I could see a quality version of Tashin's THE WAY OF PEACE 1947. The audible hum from the laptop is driving me nuts.
“: Vanilla Almond Milk + GrapeNuts = #Hardbody ...#pause” sound...different 
I have this old song stuck in my head and I don't even know more than 3 words. Lol.
"There's some pie in my duffel. Make a circle and get inside." "...Inside your duffel bag?" "In the pie, you idiot!"
I wish I'd gone to that secret CIA school for kids. Then I'd be a spy by now.
Just got out of a meeting with the mayor of Yakima, WA and now headed to a White House Tour!
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do
They've opened more counters now at in KL but I've been in the queue for 45 minutes to check my bag and probably 25 minutes more
Success doesn't come to you, you must go out and get it.
Michele Besant suggest we ask ourselves questions about our motivations in our work.
I will be preaching "Crabs in a Bucket!" Sunday the 12th @ 3pm. First MT Selah Baptist Church 2017 Forrest Park Rd Se, Atlanta, GA 30315
True or False: The pinball machines used in the movie Dazed and Confused were refurbished models from the 1970s?
Hello world!
living social love us so much they decided to expand our deal for another day. Make your purchase today & obtain 50% off the VIP ticket.
Sunday is EARTH DAY! Let us help you do your part by shredding and recycling all your unwanted paper or media products.
Regular. Already thinking about another Switzerland trip during snowboarding season.
My night-owlness no longer exists. I wish I could reclaim that gift.
dude that's some Pensacola-style southern food you've got there. Where're you from again?
#smx If you have done a promoted trend, I would like to buy you a drink, dinner, etc. and ask you 3 questions. Help!
We had a few conversions tonight! Proud to be bringing people over. Trasie is next
TY so much for the retweet, Greg! :)
No... you're just the typical guy that allow the inner animal to prowl... It's not unusual... you know that...
#top100lies my phone died before I could text you back
i cant stand this laptop
Its 4 am. School in 3 hours. Why am I up? Guess ima watch some ICONic Boyz videos!(:
LOCKOUT SUCKS MAKE A DEAL NOT THAT HARD
Ranger Fever!
Thanks so much! How's life?
that dude still and always will be RON ARTEST.
My capstone class has successfully taken things I love and made them less enjoyable.
So what's that, about 3 starts worth of $?
I is exhausted!!! So many pwesents so little time. I too pooped to poop.
Trust no man, fear no bitch, kiss no ass, Fuck that shit
Thanks for the follow. One can't have too much slime.
Happy 21st Birthday to my Son! Proud Navy Mom Today!
#Twitter #didyouknow 80% of plastic bottles are Not
have to fix the autofill - thanks for noticing
Check out www.campology.ca? Great site for gear checklists for any outdoor expedition! Seriously cool stuff!
Just another fucking option to everyone I know. Why? Fuck all knows. It's rather fun though being just the back up plan. yippie. -.-
I'm about to start painting in a few so already getting into the mindset lol
ATTENTION EVERYONE!!! IT'S GOIN DIZZOWN TONIGHT IN A MAJOR WAY AT KLUSOZ!! WE DOING IT EXTRA BIG FOR ALL THE VETS!!! PEACH CIROC BABY!!
but...I know what you mean....
asks: What are YOU doing for Lord Byron's birthday?
They recorded me while doing the trust fall and falling on the ground. Yayy. Not.:I
My gramma takes plants from peoples carts (;
Will it teach her to drive? (When I was a kid, my dad HID Car Wars from us, because it wasn't how you really drove a car.)
Yessirr let's do this!
Fashion Show was great last night :) i had a lot of funn.
there would be a cutout of me on ebay..
We will be monitorning StubHub and craigslist; and shaking down any scalpers for our cut.
When will all that new stuff (iOS, etc.) be available? Still nothing is showing up. The servers are going to be slammed
indiana stucco contractors, stucco contractors indiana, stucco companies indiana, indiana stucco companies, indiana stucco company
What is going on
Loved ! : RT if you're seeing right now!
sorry, last one: Flight of the Conch Lords
Today a Jewish boy becomes a man. Popping my Langer's cherry.
: #FLORIDACLASIC OIL SPill
Check out clothing...
What was 's latest girlfriends name ??
Cindy Sherman?!?! yes, ma'am
Robert Sosa, who's hoisting the sign, remembers when busses in SA and the Magestic Theater were segregated.
My alter ego Ken Floogan will be on The Mashup today at 3 on WMFO.
How much did Warren Buffet's companies avoid? Since when did tax planning become a crime?
Wow something needs to be done it hurts the kids
Friends turn to foes, like virgins turn to hoes.
#Backinelementaryschool when I got demerits I got an whooping from my dad #redmarks ):
Lol : BTW, I've always thought you were legit. Still are. No opinion change there :-)
Liking gitbox better than github. Have you considered adding another column w/ actions specific to selected file?
I am who I am. Your approval isn't needed.
It's Neil Young Cover Day on XM's Deep Tracks. First, Nils Lofgren doing "Long May You Run;" now, Steve Stills with "The Loner"
"Live and direct when we perform / It's just coffee shop chicks and white dudes" RT Common playing at my coffee shop today.
First the bird outside woke me up and now my cat is in here trying to get me up. I wish animals slept in on the weekends.
ty for the add
"It's a warlock..... Or a witch ... Or a vampire. I don't fucking know."
Is it bc my belt is currently held together with scotch tape, or bc I'm a woman that it's unlikely that I'll ever be a Fortune 500 co. CEO?
exactly! I had to retweet that article. Open up some eyes.
right here lol
Springfield. It's 230 my sisters cat is sleeping on my face. I feel like I might die.
coming now
Pippa and Kate Middleton Share Their Fashion Finds 'Tis the season for sharing your blessings, and when it comes to the Duchess of Cambri
Alright, the site is down for maintenance right now, but we'll back up in a few minutes. I'll tweet again when everything's back.
ok cool!!! I will send u ticket nfo
Thanks for following my movement only for Divas & Gents...Hope you stay tuned...
Garbage at the 9:30 Club?! HELL YES!
10 And after fathering Cainan, Enos lived 815 years, continuing to have sons and daughters.
Finished my first day as a writer and reporter ! Two news stories later, I'm starving. Fortunately is cooking dinner.
Immigration rights change depending on the legality of the immigrant in question.
I have to admit there is only 1 guy that can make me laugh when I want to break down.
Movie recommendation is Eddie Murphy in "Coming to America"
hey boys, I'm playing whiskey jam this Monday, April 2nd. Yall come out!!
The day is a lot better with caffeine. Glad to have a tolerance again!
Tomorrow's September 1! Who's going all-Christmas?
I really want a magnificent, beautiful, emotionally charged proposal next season.
Thanks everyone. Had a great time as usual
Nice to meet you and thanks for the follow! Excited to read your #Fashion blog!
Thank you! I can't wait to show you!
turns out copyrights for works published 1923-1968 are 95 years from publication date. 22 more years..damn.
love the quote!
S/O to the cute girls walking into my store today.
Agreed, but I was braced for impact the whole time! Lol
idk i was bored
Fenway's 100th anniversary may be remembered as #Yankees HR Derby day.
going to Houston ? road trip ![:
2nite will be live till 11 with live in the mix the takes over till 2 along with !!!
Charles lookz like hez got into the 'nip!
"When our identity as God's children is questioned,... we are tempted to believe WE HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF OURSELVES." - Ashes to Fire year B
Guess where everyone who's anyone will be tonight?? for Here We Go Magic!
I'm happy to know I'm not your first priority cause bitch your definatly not mine ! #YouGotTold,HaveANiceDaySir !😄😜
Many MKE Co workers will now become "insurance poor," which will lead to higher health care costs for everyone.
No kidding - Seth. I am so with you on that this Monday, err... Tuesday morning
The thing is, carrying the loaded gun was a "decision"...not an "accident"...How many "accidents" will it take?
bummer! I have a good idea what is going to happen...especially when you know who didn't renew their contracts lol
Ivy.. I miss you more!! I get my drivers license Friday! So we will deff make plans!! #loveyoumore 😊❤😘
Polishing up presentation for #il2011. Cali, here I come!
Congratulations to Mark Johnson on his second closing today!
Can't say "do you speak English" in polish, despite phonetic lessons. resorted to simply speaking english & hoping they understand.
What should I do about my profile it seems so, boring. Any ideas or if I should keep it the same, tweet me PLZE!!!!
. thanks for the #ff !!! Happy weekend :)
fine ill get naked then lol
Just read this on reddit, "Dick Clark's death is a sign that there isn't going to be another new year..." don't you just love #boldclaims ha
Some of the tweets on May Day activity, in Seattle and elsewhere, are really a bit sensationalistic.
wont answer phone callz.=P Bet lol
correction, I do. So it makes it ok 😜
Thank you 4 the thoughts & prayers from
With you on my mind and my heart held in your hands.
yo we straight. give a fistbump for me tho
When you try to do the right thing...
Enjoy the trip! Sounds fab. I'm jealous
I love how my boyfriend was included in that twitversation
OMG they also have a show where you get to play trivia while commuting?!?! WHAT IS THIS STATION
Making #google my homepage was the best choice ever! No more being distracted with the #yahoo "news" stories
and - Thanks for the ReTweets!
Heanding to Krw City for BLC >>> have a good day everyone ( :
My feet are wet
ha! Tonight, sleep. Tomorrow-eternity, party.
Come on down Haight st tomorrow night (FRI) Gonna be smokin...
Thanks for the mention. It was good for him to see a response!
love from chicago. (;
my best guess for is Ken
Poor Binging Betty
Sweet jones from the southside of texas
Shoutout to the flute solo on Fabolous - Young'n (holla back)
An exciting day for all.
Haa! Wonderful answer. Give Bailey some love!
Haven't tweeted once today oh my days
Wonderful! I look forward to reading it. :)
Goodmorningg twitter.! dont want to go to school :P
This morning i went to pick my Hoodie up off the floor and there was a huge black spider crawling on it.
Van Gogh only sold one painting while he was alive, Red Vineyard at Arles. Thats messed up lol.
Is this your first Scottish Rite Leadership Conference?
Now Listening to The World by been a while since I heard this one... <3
I want that big eighh eighhh
Thanks for helping. We love our volunteers and hope to have you back! RT : I thoroughly enjoyed volunteering at the !
Narcissists are unbelievable, but real.
You'll get yours come BEA! I get to skip that this time around.
Did you know in 1897 African-American inventor Alfred Cralle patented the first ice cream scoop. His design remains in wide use, even today!
"Break That Single!" supports indie music artist. Get at us at 702-521-9715 We love to promote your hot single!
#MobileSpatialAppIdeas : food source tracker at point of sale. As mobile app and barcoding technologies get better and converge.
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.-- Kahlil Gibran
Hey, a girl has to be prepared. :) Would it surprise you to learn the mojitos are for a business meeting?
looks AMAZING, I love it!! :)
#quotes Technology is always evolving, and companies.. not just search companies.. can't be afraid to take advantage of change.
Watching some vids of the Montclair St. performance with Cartel. The best is when Ryan tells everyone to steal our shit.
it's gonna be hard Ugh fml
the newer ones are hilarious
We need a couple of volunteers to help serve lunch on Fridays! Email Josh if you can help, !
goodnight meatball. (: #Loveyoubestfriend!
Its amazing! i watched it twice! RT : i want to watch beastly*-*
I took the plunge and entered the mobile world. DaveWallaceVO.com is now viewable from your smartphone!
GoT a new phone its a good day
Don't take it personal... I just like to party...
THESE PICTURES OF MY FOLLOWERS DEAD HILARIOUS! WHO DO YOU THINK Y'ALL ARE!!! PICSTITCHING DON'T MAKE YALL LOOK GOOD
R.I.P Steve Jobs. Thanx 4 All Da Hard Work & Dedication/Effort You Put In During Your Life In Order 2 Satisfy Others..
The #Brewers better not lose to The Fathers tonight
Certainly no shortage of inspiration here!Sadly too many of our youth don't see it, they don't have folks like we do.
I thought i knew you but you've proven me completely wrong
Laugh when you can, apologize when you should & let go of what you can't change.
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama he cares so much about our future generations he doesn't want them to be born into what he's been creating.
It's a gorgeous day in Nashville... come visit at the shop!
I think a more interesting metric would be (Cap #) / Snaps or yards. Try to eliminate current year bonus bias.
hey i quit dw but i'm on the computer right now it got fixed
2012 Minnesota Orchestra Composers Institute selected Hannah Lash & Andreia Pinto-Correia. Congrats to both of them!
back of the neck actually doesn't hurt. I have a backlight tattoo there, wasn't bad at all. Shoulder blade was the worst!
Nothing like egg sandwiches and street coffee to start a Friday morning off right!
We'll let the people who want to discuss that do that," Edmonton coach Tom Renney said. "That's their privilege.
what bracelet!?!?
um awesome.. Ill let u no an exact day wen I no
I hid all day today. Hard to believe that I am all talked out, but it's true. Had a restorative day without family and with cats
sounds cool rt if ur going to #MCN2011, consider .5 day arduino workshop...hot glue, soldering, and sensors of all kinds!
Not a morning person.....at all.
late night phone conversations >>>>>>>
If they did one for canine sidekicks. You'd be up against Marlowe (from Remy Chandler stories) and Louie (from Dog Days tales).
Too bad facebook ruined it for me:
tonight in the Zen Den. Get there for an evening social
To all #BCEagles fans - let know just how you feel about the team we have - it's time for #Spaziani to go - he doesn't have a clue!
Omg I know --> RT : Is it 5 o'clock yet? Please?
& why have we not met?
I'm really shhh! Don't tell anyone. :D
Listed in ...Might Be Good. Woo hoo! Go
please follow me I am a dedicated hunter n I love u so much! I would be so happy If u followed me!
Hi, Gary! I'm sorry that I can't make the tweetup at the Carmel market this Saturday. Thanks for asking me!
Corner, USA. Conceded by Rafael Marquez.
crying because he's perfect and we can't have him.
gotta be better than the Pistons... Although they have won 4 in a row
always keepin it real!
Our parrot just said "whore." I need to figure out how to monetize this bird.
love how you texted me back. Btw 1D hates you.
good morning to you beautiful hope you have a great day today :)
Mikeeeeyyyyy! I know you see this/.
The United States has spent more than 7.6trillion on defense and homeland security since the attacks of Sept. 11,2001.
Moes is a definite & thank you :)
” fear not” appears in the Bible 365 times...one for every day of the year
What happened to you working on ur summer figure, MaShana? Lasagna 1, me 0!
they are when they're on your hot wife!
And the 2011 MLB season is officially OVER
I totally agree! And who knew we'd discover what a 'Poinsetta' is also! :-)
u can buy me my new shirt now there out😏
Radical transparency on outcomes is the way of the future--Jacqueline Fuller, Google charitable giving.
I could use a drink. Maybe yogurtland.
honestly I don't see the spurs being in their way at all
um see you at the empire target center in 5!! 👗
I feel so discontent ... Def didn't plan on being here another month. But it's for a better job in a better place.
Cool! I had to cancel this trip, sadly. Even sadder now that I know I could have met you in the flesh!
Decisions make my mind ache Want to make a deal?
RT : “: Start with a simple idea to validate, then grow out the brand. #MobileStartupsTO” smart advice
I told my dad to pick me up from babysitting at 9.. He went to the wrong house and doesn't have his phone
I learn much more in stressful situations, but don't like stress.
“To be a champ, you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will.”—Sugar Ray Robinson
The best thing about cleaning is listening to music.
oh yeah, I forgot about that.
"Tomorrow is not Martin Luther King Day." ~ Me, on the phone, just now.
RT: Stop stressing over someone who broke your heart. They don't deserve your tears.
Areli + lily + alondra + me = screaming , laughing , & more screaming (;
Last night was fun, a little party , then I got to chill with my besties and
The Map Center opens today - their digital collection is amazing, and they have a map from 1906 with Simmons on it!...
Atheist idiots who get mad at other peoples invisible friends.
pshhh, you know I drove 95% of the time on tour right? With ZERO wrecks, thank you. If you can trust anyone its me ;)
AnOtHeR gOoD mOrNiNg FrOm HaWaii!!!!
Samba Fogo catches fire in new dance concert - Salt Lake Tribune
RT : RT : A4: First figure out what are your must haves and what you can be flexible on
That makes sense. Yea I was surprised Upshaw was still there
I hate unnecessary blood in movies…
Share your career knowledge and experience with current University of Pittsburgh OCC Honorary students. RSVP at 412-648-7145!
Little House on the Prarie
Overheard at the bar: LSU fan Bo: "That game was terrible, kinda like watching a molestation or something." Geesh, life goes on man
good when you coming to south Florida
ur a very special person to me. i love u with all my heart, ive been a fan since day 1 and ill always be one. :)
Miley Cyrus on F-Bomb Video: ‘I Would Never Swear to a Fan ’ Miley Cyrus is on vacation with boyfriend Liam Hemsworth in Costa Rica
be more Canadian.
The city is my church!
literally made me embarrass myself by laughing in this library...running into a wall though!?!
Freaking love Jeremy in Elk Grove. Recommended Trugolr cheese, Columbus Secchi and crusty bread. Best dinner in weeks!
see ya luvies
Not going to first period today , fuck it ehh #YOLO (:
I just went to flowers.com and window shoped for all the ladys of peoplestring for some nice flowers
Ole lame ass nigga...why u mad at me?? Sucka ass nigga.
you had me at hello.
so what's this good news you said you had to tell us about?
you use the phrase "Faith family" a lot in the book radical. Is it just another word for church?
oh:( hey atleast ull have us:)
At Steel Magnolias rehearsal. Hope you're enjoying our practice space, people at the Elizabeth Smart lecture. :)
when put in perspective, you're right. I get overly protective of populist rally cries, esp when my coffee hasn't kicked in.
I'm literally about to puke all over this fucking class room. It's so stuffy in here. Open a fucking window.
Feels good.
it has its ups and downs but its my home and I like it. The sites are beautiful though
Lakers always better when Phil has facial hair. The weirder the better, too. When he's clean-shaven, they stink.
Thanks RT : #FF for my Recent Follows
John hughes died today.
You were pale as fuck yesterday and tanner than me the next. Lol this girls spray tan looks fake as hell
Still in London for the moment
that's epic! Goodluck tonight pierce!
how about a rt for a huge wildcat fan and a great season to come this year =GO BIG BLUE
Off to postsecret!
Don't fool urself...Lakers ain't beatin Thunder, they're time has passed
At the Blind Pig. All over Ann Arbor.
My phone fell on my face when I looked at 's IG Photo<3
does anyone remember from Mad TV..."Lowered Expantations "? I guess its not comedy on TV as a joke anymore huh?
#gofurniturerow78 from Denver!
Was it ever a skill??? Or is it taught, expected, and demanded. Not in AAU obviously.
I need to start the next chapter of my life .. Asap
Family Day :)
Friday was Friday, saturday was Saturday, Sunday is championship Sunday. 3 weekends in a row in the championship game(:
Oh yes! <33
When Rex saw his arms he said "Cant wait to see what his feet look like"
Then on Sunday were on our way 2 the mall !!!!!!AH !!!!!! Get ready for your 2 biggest fans in the universe !!!!!!!!
#MyTop10GucciSongs My kitchen. .....
#fishfry and mushroom risotto feature at #cafeperrin tonight.
Dear Evelyn, Hey girl we havnt talk at all. I miss you a lot. Your so beautiful and so sweet and kinf an i love you. ur the best friend ever
I don't know what you mean by big culture. I think everyone who works for a theatre should know mission, live it.
At a cast party for my schools musical, conclusion. Grant's house super ghetto
We opened May, 2007. Sorry to reply so late!
This video were planning out is gonna be crazy I can't wait
Shhhh!!!!! Producing @ the moment. 2 beats done for the collection.
This is an EX parrot!!
you too. First ones to lose, was it?
that is soo awesome congrats to you!! :) :)
Guterman: Conundrum of prevention work is trying to attend to problems that haven't yet surfaced.
Your gifts are not only for you, but also for others. Someone needs what you have to offer. Share it.
111111111111 so many ones
What's one year apart with two weeks like that?
#erate provides the funds for just about every network in schools, says Harrington
Just had the most outstanding customer service experience at #Safeway on Hawthorne in #pdx... grand opening, staff fantastic!
The White Sox logo is only black and white.
I realized I haven't been tweeting much lately. I am sure all my followers have been wondering the same thing! Don't worry folks I'm back!
Riding to Palmetto Bay Park to play ball with the boys
RT this if you're hispanic and proud :)
ditto. Thankfully I don't work tomorrow
How was everything??
Is the new Live209 Show going to be posted tonight? Can't wait to see it!!!
We can be of assistance! RT : I need a graphic designer/web designer to help me wit my website....
Thank goodness #BoS2011 streaming is over. Now can finish the tool that I was suppose to wrap up couple of days ago... It was cool though!
I missed the Boyz dance😭I will watch it at 10
q1: in an ideal world we would check items out to a dummy display account so we all know where they are - working on that one
What? :l
Let no man fear to die, we love to sleep all, And death is but the sounder sleep.
we are pretty ready to go i feel like, but i know there's going to be shit that we haven't thought of.
Don't take life too seriously. You'll never get out alive~Elber Hubbard
The Weather is warming up whose excited for spring!
Concession stands at Augusta National to serve tuna fish on matza this weekend at the
Braun's gonna end this. We're wasting drinking time!
Hahahahaha RT : If I introduce you to a restaurant and we break up, you better never go there again.
oh thanks, ikk ;) nah jkkk, im nervous to be talking to you
I saw Nick Harris put on an amazing punting performance when Cal came to Illinois in 2000. Loren Tate was impressed; thus so was I.
stop thw drugs adam
#gout free over three years and counting
"When all goes against you & you can't hold on a minute longer,don't give up..that's just when the tide'll turn" - Harriet Beecher Stowe
Checking out the CMC videos on the catholicacademy.org website!
Blood orange, you are delicious. I love you.
Just purchased $842.26 from Amazon via Adam Carolla web site. Will never be enough to pay for all of his material I stole.
A witty saying proves nothing.
O! with the nuts on em?
Apparently by resigning, you mean only Arian. Who else? The least they could do is cut Jacoby.
L'Shanah Tovah! Happy New Year to our Jewish friends!
