aaahhhh be careful
Feeling kinda distant lately
what the / why the
crazy thing is u not even following the crew on twitter!...
hunger games...... #freemovie woo.
And I hope one day you will understand 2 do unto others as the Bible teaches and learn to love ALL of God's children
Fuck it life short
How do you know Eric?
Welcome , and to the twitter feed. Like us on Facebook!
I can't wait Apple to release new iSO to fix battery life -.- battery drain out in one day.. : ( who are with me?? : )
Let's hope.
That sounds about right. The idea of entertainers being insecure and needing tons of validation isnt surprising at all
Will Tim Thomas show up in the All Star Game? After all, Ottawa is the nation's Capitol.
“: If you're ass still looks big in sweat pants you have #bigbootyprobz” story of my life !!
I need a ride home and I don't know anybody with a car except for seniors and they're all gone:((((
Jesus Christ
haha! Still no love for the Aggies I see
ARMA Pres Galina Datskovsky says a common language is necessary for us to communicate.
Our new prints will be coming in the next week or so, we will be sure to contact our followers then.
Uff,its hot.Gonna take a bath.
RT : RT : Ikea 'used Cuban prisoners to make furniture' || I thought it was mostly birch and plywood.
Thank you for following Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours!
The "Debt ceiling" was raised 7 times under Bush with bipart. support. It might B time 2 start thinking, why all the hub bub now? Political?
Mission Hills artists Paul Dean + Mark Fehlman selling art at Espresso Mio Dec 3 to raise funds for Concerts in the Park next summer.
I wish I could dance. So jealous of people who can hahaha
a song called on the way will be released tomorrow? Am I right?
A student undergoing a word-association test was asked why a snowstorm put him in mind of sex. He replied frankly: 'Because everything does.
I have to say, I watched some clips of on SportsCenter, and I would like to add, hell to the yes.
what's ur phone number? I'd kinda like to meet somewhere in the East Village for lunch since I have stuff before/after lunch there
RT : There's only one thing better than football season? 2 football seasons! NCAA Football and the NFL are less than a month away
Do you still buy physical CD's, or have you fully embraced digital?
what if it ends like that woman on strange addictions that started eating her husbands ashes.
Madonna's never shit-talked Gaga, tho. RT : funny how madonna is proud of herself when she is talking shit about gaga ..
Life is good(:
Team Uncle is playing awful. I'm gonna watch wrassling
fuck the other fans who leave you for other celebrities, your true beliebers will be with you every step of the way, like me(:
Thank you Linda, Happy Friday
How do you feel about frilly toothpicks?
many thanks. Feeling pretty good today, I'm looking forward to it
too bad brandon inge got scooped eh?
Gosh i hate seeing old people cry :(
I miss my grandma already 😔✈
Attorney General Koster reaches $76000 settlement with Utah ...
Hey if you're interested in fantasy football, check out the new Fantasy Football Stock Market at www.orpster.com. Coming soon
Sentence of the day: "Newt’s $2.50 plan is as bold as my 9-9-9 tax code replacement plan."
Babe should get better at texting me back while playing minecraft ..
But even Thomas couldn't overcome his hated of toothpaste.
he sure did.
Our pleasure.
ah! Congratulations.
This is poco loco! everything is going really well. ttys
Afternoon panels at #iMappening starting now! Join us in SCA 110 at USC!
Big thanks to for their help spreading the word about ScooterCabs!
Thanks Courtney :D xoxo
awe ur mean :(
DO YOU Agree? According to shrinks, the Foot/Shoe are the most common sources of sexual fetishism in Western society. What is your
There are 2 models in my bathroom in my apartment snorting coke… MLINY
The best plan EVER. We send helicopters with strobes & speakers blarin' George Clinton then the DEA makes use of their stash. Peace at last.
Keep my mind set on point.
I'm not making any promises, but I might just have a "wardrobe malfunction" at the reading tonight.
Direct my footsteps according to your word; let no sin rule over me. -Psalm 119:130
I LOVE YOU. THANK YOU.
Bout to take my happy ass to sleep before I be unhappily tired tomorro at wrk. Nitersz... :)
Best movie of #TFF was #WhileWeWereHere, a gem of unassuming beauty.
Tho, I just downed a cup of coffee, and I'm set for a jog. I have to get outside at least once today and see the sun
Merry Christmas twitter.
#Thor brings out the fanboys and girls. Showing on 3 screens including 2D, 3D and 3D IMAX for an eye-popping $16.50. You should be here.
ohh oh. Having meetings in the oval office with the president ?!? LOL
man who u tellin wait till she walkin
how much is the ticket for the event?
If you say perfect girls aren't real you clearly haven't heard of Liz Gillies.
Looking at this second round NBA playoffs TV schedule. Still don't see the Bulls on it. Weird.
Proud to be following you on Twitter. Looking forward to expanding my IA personal learning network!
Pallas Global Launches Real Estate Investment and Advisory Firm in NYC
I think it would be great if you could get on Up At Noon, for the upcoming reboot.
certainly not the remix my bad peoples. Its the original
gain some followers, lose more followers...</3
I do eat one every day! It's my favorite time of day. Sometimes I have two "favorite times of day" ;)
We are looking for editorial content for the mag! Next edition July/August - diary dates, events, stories, lifestyle required!
Shouts to Stadium Bar for bumpin "Gatorade Shower" on gameday
Best way to start our Mon. Love it Casey! RT btw what u don't see behind those curtains is my new glorious windows
max terry sighting! And I saw andrew castle again.. 3rd floor rezzie all over the place.
Can I get some new followers.. as my birthday gift...
When you coming to Vegas? I'm dying to see you in concert!
I never get to use the computer anymore #geekproblems (I need to go back to school!)
is always on my timeline. Time doesn't matter. 4pm. 3am. 6am. As says, "Cher can do whatever the fuck she wants." 😜
Another S/O goes to my new follower & tweep Thanks for the follow. Appreciate It
Are you done with finals?!
Did Hugo really deserve half the awards? Don't get me wrong, it was good, but a lot of other movies were good too. Share the #Oscars !!!!
Thanks! I think I can make it! :)
Hell yeah!
U BULLSHITTING? ~~DJ SPIN
That awkward moment when your trying to tell about an awkward moment <<
If #juicebag doesn't trend in NYC today because of being kicked out of - I will lose all hope for society
Keep calm and never forget The Season Of The Superstars.
(: I know I miss you especially too!(: Haha I KNOW!!  She's been bitchy haha(: . #Shit she's crazy!!
I am happy! Thanks! Hehe
HA HA HA HA HA Best Yinzer tweet EVER. RT : Just scored a Bag of Crap on n'at!
RT : Getting geared up for tomorrow! Stop by the Demo Pit and check out our cloud workforce platform.
I meant "their".
thx very much!
Today is International Women’s Day. Appreciate the women in your life.
" Philly: Happy Earth Day!"
Update/correction from Marriott lobby. Bon Jovi in the mix too
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Hes for me,not for you. If by chance you take my place, I'll take my fist and smash your face. (:
HAPPY 14TH BIRTHDAY DUDE! Power Of 1997 lol Have An Awsome Day And May You Have Many More B-Days :D
Extra $$ = a dinner on us for all your hard work. (or however you would like to use it)
You say whats on your mind I just be sayin written rhymes!
Wish me luck at dance rehearsal today? Xo.
#ows #occupyoakland Any prison guard who used pepper spray on a seated prisoner would face immediate disciplinary review for excessive force
#apractalk ooh how so? haven't heard of using igoogle as a listening dashboard
#so, I bet that ain't stop niggaz from choosin
: thanks for rt. Have any plans for weekend? Have u seen the new park
() Sorry I missed the tuna ... fortunately I think you have more where that came from!
Hi Kelly follow me here on twitter and thanks for coming to the party ! joey
Talking shop with Laura Rovick about at Influx!
…If I new how to to make a music video…I would have an amazing idea.
what y'all got goin in 2012
Why is Adele running a whorehouse on #MadMen?
yes I am excited!!! I love you
LETS NAME OUR KIDZ HENLEY.
what about a cherry limade? Lol
I'm wearing them =P
BAHAHAHA that's so wrong!!!
Color correction and sound mixing are finished! All that's left is typography!! 'A Place in the World' is about to be completed.
My friend Chris is beyond stupid....
you follow me and your info says Looking for a fuck buddy, condoms are my only rule. I probably won't follow back.
so true
Deep in the Redwood Forest. Driving through a tree!
Our second edition book "Speedlif
Social media is just another vehicle like radio, TV, etc. Just a different audience.
"" new opera SONG FROM THE UPROAR receives rave reviews by , , ,
There is a reason for Everything.. <3
i fucking hate those huge ass gel cap pills ugh.
gotta see tonight on tv
Always get a perfect fit with #jamberrynails: cut them out w/paper attached & trim them a little bit at a time while still on the paper!
prepare for the arrival of and I.
Sir, shame on you!--you weaken our beloved country when you promulgate such poisonous fear and attack ANY of our fine citizens!
Down dog yoga was just what I needed, all the stiffness is gone
It's been a longtime since we tweeted, hard at work Buggs! We will be lifting our veil October 8, Columbus Day Weekend at the Taste of DC!
But US humanities PhD's spend a ton of time teaching, too; part of the reason we take longer. The squeeze would be brutal.
I'm hoping he is encased in a bubble at this point. No more freak injuries.
True, but that accuser has since hired Gloria Allred. That can't be good news for Travolta.
So restless right now
Thanks to those who made our holiday pre-sale so successful! With new donations coming in daily, shop early & often for best bargains.
I'm so bored.. I'm playing stupid games on Facebook.... What is my life?
Taking another "Paradise" day to get writing done. Working on the book finally. It's going great and I'm getting pretty excited about it.
good to know thanks!!
YUM! RT : Oh Gurl!! You've been missing lots, latin Cuban hottie William Levy :)))
can you recommend any business incubation games?
Drum roll please
La Resolana: cuentos have preserved global ideas about who we are
i unfollow and say i never knew you
Aye, I saw this morning when I got up. I was asleep when that text came through at that time. So guy problems eh??
every time i introduce someone to pinterest, i know i changed their life. the question is: for better or for worse?
You mean that Tabasco sauce isn't supposed to be all over the floor
What are you gonna get ?
OMG; that guy works here too. Yuck.
total letdown.
Holy week here in Colombia is so different. I definitely have to make a video post about everything that people do.
Just drank a water bottle, now I'm working on a gatoraid! #sothirsty!
Aw,i feel special lol(;
when your 9 year old, that should be on a charter bus to sedona calls you....
thanks ! - i was impressed by your info activism
wow i just left and we where up by 8 points smh, lets get this W Pacers!
Our Center offers two full basketball courts in an indoor gymnasium with Tara flex flooring.
Amen : What a day!!!
i'M VERY GOOD THANKS AND YOU?
My hairs getting longer ☺💁
I'm not sure! I hope so!
to watch out for the next 8 years we have him for.
mind if i face book this!? Thanks B
thanks for freaking me out today!! i seriously about died!!(: lol
AUDITION: Queen Fallopia in RIPPED!
Thanks for the welcome...impressed so far!
shit out the way at the moment... What the event??? I got a new dope idea when u got time to chop it???
I had a GREAT TIME at Spin. "I know you had a great time frank, the whole town knows you had a good time Frank"
Hey ; iFound your nose , iT was iN my business aqain .
Say it like it is! "Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with." - Bach
THAT is amazing, and CREEPY
Playing at Buttons in Fort Worth this Wednesday, 7-10pm. With special guest, Lewis Stephens, on piano! Always a good time!
Test Tomarro ! :l
okay sixers. gotta not do what you did two nights ago.
why is this lil girl tryin to talk to me using four DIFFERENT communication mediums?? GO TO SLEEP
Nah for real though, you can always call me! lol 0:-)
i love Ariana's impressions of different singers! Not only can she sing any song & hit any note, but she's insanely good at impersonations♥
Jammin to some soca on this flight!! I'm amped to hot a soca party in the DMV! Woo
I like watching you
just catted on me super hard!!! Smh it never fails, the cat always find me
Can't wait for fullerton!! :D
Guys help us get in touch w/ He won tix for 's concert this week. RT us so he doesn't l lose his tix
You can vote once a day.
Had a wonderful 16th Birthday!!!:))
They a handful. You can take them cuzzo. Lol.
today is Daily WOD Rest Day Bacon Wrapped Steaks Only The Strong Surive: Lift To Live Longer - Yahoo CrossFit WOD
I'm really in the mood for some of Samuel L. Jackson's hotzpacho for lunch
reminder William Lawrence will be speaking about ATAG (Authoring Tool Accessibility Guidelines) on July 20, 5 PM in Room 215 at MLK library.
IM me if U would like to talk
Awww I miss my buddy, we used to run to each other and then he'd carry me and twirl me around like in the movies..i miss his hugs :'(
have you ever seen a bunch of working people giggle like children? Get a shuttle and sit back
I had dinner love. May be
Smh..H.O.E
I lost 2 followers last night. That's ok.
so cute! You look like you could be on Mad men or something !
": Vegas fa my birthday? Fuck yeah! Finna be live inat bitch." We getting trippey mayne(juicy jay)
The dreams you see most clearly are most likely to come true. Barney the dinosaur
cute guys Happy Birthday to you A-Meezy (:
RT : COMAL RIVER TOMORROW! MEETING AT #BROADWAYBAR AT 2:30PM! DON'T SAY I DIDN'T WARN YOU!--> AND WE WILL BE OPEN !!!!!
Been there done that love that! Now I gotz me a Frenchie....and the cycle begins again! :)
thank you. God bless.
yea I still do
If in ur relationship u've cried more than 2x for the SAME thing... then I recommend u wipe off both ur Tears & the Relationship. Move on!
Great session #designthinking on Friday!
RT RT Having a female dog spayed b4 her first heat virtually eliminates her risk of breast cancer. Spay & Neuter!!
Just got a tour of #channel7news! :)
Battleship is a movie? Seriously? This is the drivel that Hollywood wants us to swallow? Can I ask any more questions in 140 characters?
if I go, I'll try.
“I would rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not”
Question, do you have your own solo dance video? Because I've been looking everywhere, and I can't find any D:
Agree RT : ..shame UX, UI, and Dev r always separated. At minimum the boundaries should be blurred. ..better if erased.
Fernet about it!
& fellow Berkeley folk reversing the roles of users and systems - IP over xylophone players - I want to play!
The best part of this place is the part where our children disappear into the woods while we continue to sit here and drink pitchers.
there will be a no yelling rule lol we're going to get it resolved
My bad, he was in there waiting on me. An extra 8 minutes. Oops!
For some reason it feels like a new day. Funny how the quiet comes after the storm.
Lol I only fooled myself
Shyam Das (arbitrator who overturned Braun's suspension) apparently was fired last week... Did anyone else see that?
1st not a huge fan of new twitter, but haven't seen it more than 1 minute
Got recognized as "that guy" at the on 20th and layton. Awesome.
download of recent activity in OFX/QFX format is broken. Again. Argh!
Haha. Agreed! RT the mustache is real. The rest is not
that's likely true, and here are 3 reasons why...
Spoken like some1 from Hibbing, MN RT Only good thing about hip hop music is that it's phenomenal when covered by a rock band
yo where u going to be at tonight
exactly. Gotta be honest, sad it's the last game but I won't be eating Domino's for quite a while after this.
#7HOURS till we are saying good bye to the nonbeliebers
my current business cards say "information professional"
10 mins for a crap load of US data.
Crew-neck weather
36 hours in jail starts now...fml
I will teach you how to speak portuguese :)
ohh crap its EMINEM'S BIRTHDAY
We did it! We reached 300 followers! 305 to be exact! Keep spreading the word and come see us at Tomcats West tonight!
The #Brewers let an opportunity get away?
your mom let's you drink already?
Nassau PD: 3 armed masked men invaded Hempstead home on Grove St., bound 1 woman, raped another, and another suffered seizure; stole cash
that is awesome your kids are supportive!
Too much going on. Uggghhh
the sleeping giant was awakened, no longer Apathetic State University
RT : What an incredible night tonight! 'Topes win 8-1 and move into a tie for first.
When was the money for Coolidge and Roosevelt SUPPOSED to be in Ward 4??
New Zealand? Anyone going? Email me!
American idol girls are horrible to night
these times are hard. and they're making us crazy. don't give up on me baby... </3 ugghhhh..
Hoarders time!!!
I think it's important to explore the nuanced difference particular community makes to gender/sex knowledge production ...
SO jealous! You will have to share pictures of everything when it's all grown up!
When these #lakers are healthy they are UNSTOPPABLE aka CHAMPIONS!
haha yeah was probably tired of watching them lose
Praying for the Roche family, and mourning the loss of a precious neighbor and friend. We will miss you, Louise.
30 years ago, U.S. led the world in % of 25-34 year-olds with at least a two-year degree; 2009, U.S. lagged 14 other developed countries
yankton, sd until I move back to Omaha
Guetta doing Good Feeling! Omg! Amazing!
Awww, thank you!
We're admittedly on the fence because unfortunately we'll be working during this trip. Sweden is far :P
Christmas lights in November: Festive hell or London saviour? - London24 London24 Christmas lights in November: Festive hell or London s
I'm getting paid by academic satisfaction aka an A grade.
1st time in awhile I held a baby .. did it leave me w/ a desire to be a mommy? Nope! I'm happy to be a card carrying auntie.
You'll never find another friend like me!
what's your plans for tomorrow?
Do you still love nature, despite what it did to you?
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms, grandmas, etc. out there!! Hope you all had a wonderful day!! :-)
Okay, all of the fans understand Michael. hahahah.
Soo who wants to help me with my bracket?
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never.
First Drinks will be the new UK distributor of CEDC brands #Zubrówka Bison Grass Vodka and #GreenMark, the world's fourth largest vodka.
Mixed tryouts for the YCC team today. Over 70 kids will be out today. Good luck to everyone!
Excellent tweets! Thanks so much!
when u coming to Milwaukee? Listening to Lucky Now on we need a tour stop soon!
I hate Carmelo Anthony's game... But wow!!!
": #ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "What's your name again?""
I love reading riders. I just imagine what I'd put in mine... at least 6 bottles of Perrier fer sure.
I'm in love! So nice.
do you know if y'all are coming to Dallas over Christmas at all?
There are two rules for success: #1.) Don't tell all you know.......
I'm so gonna work at starbucks this summer
hahaha me too. But im rlly nervous cuz its my first year in high school & its a rlly big school :o
Hay Hay SmoothE the trax are on the way- they will arrive on Mon or Tues all seperated and ready to go for you! ;-)
For every superb goal (volley against Man City in April '11, then this string of strikes of late), he disappears.
Awesome! Thanks!
Officially addicted to
Any thoughts? RT : En route to the Mesa Historical Museum to get a sneak peak at its new aviation exhibit
I can't remeber the last time I got more than 6 hours. Who cares
have they announced OW?
If I was smarter as a younger man I would've spent all my tuition money (and late nights) on lynda
That IHop was so good.
we agree! where were you last time we were there huh?
tmi? i want a chiropractor!
This week in #thehumanevent: Dreger's history of conjoined twins, queer theory by way of Stein & Plummer, Duggan, Sloop + "Boys Don't Cry"
We're excited to have on the Tweet Jam pannel about the evolving role of DAM! Tune in Wed April 18 at 10am PT for
Today is National Take Your Child to Work Day! How many of you are taking your ninjas with you today??
"I let my haters be my motivaters."
Do you own a copy of that book? and can I borrow it--for research purposes exclusively.
RT : Hey all, thanks for following! Have you been to the site to register? It's free!
The coming King, worth everything, is more than Enough for me.
Recently became obsessed with kayaking..."We go. We row. Our muscles grow." Lovely little rhyme by the refreshing Janine Ortiz.
“: Lax players are people who quit baseball #BaseballSwag” ironically true..
what do you play??
Good! Our theatre should do that show...like now.
I had on my flight today such a gentleman and
were you in that crush of peeps gate? We're watching from across the street
yup...his name is nick
thats the definition of hating....
Awesome! :) #JennieOCFK It's one of our fave swaps.
can't imagine Fredette winning Best male college player.Shocked it wasn't Kemba or Cam. #ESPY'S
my sister forges my signature on notes to check herself out of school.. that tricky bitch..
... but editing an essay on an iPhone? Not as much. We feel mobile has become an exp. of *any* online comm., hence our release
awww i miss you :]
That is not normal for you anymore?
Freshest MexicanFood In Austin- Breakfast Tacos Migas and More Happy Hour all day on SAt. Free Queso with $5.00 purchase
eye hope your appointment goes well
its fuckin Easter Ben get it right....
i cant find anything to wear
Woot! Mag's should do a pirate dinner.
deal. I'm not good with handling death....
Yes. Very similar. Good observation.
playing now!
They Prolly Do & They Take Away Minutes When They Text So They Betta Stop.
Kid Rock and Guy Fieri, together again for the first time.
and I don't ewwwwwww sick...if it was ment for same sex marriage God would have had males be able to have babies..lol no thanks.
Got an opportunity for a webinar for in February - interested?
i dont know RT what do you mean ? :o
My life's spent in breathing, observing, absorbing, eating, praying and loving. My love is spent in thoughts and fancies, hope and wishes.
working out to make my butt bigger. :)
Integrating an international PPC campaign on your website can be a very cost effective way to advertise yourself globally.
Yea it seems nice so far, a gorgeous drive up here. A little cold though! We are heading up to Grand Canyon tomorrow to check it out.
Ha! Right on.
Merry Christmas from The Freshman Survival Guide!
sorry getting the world aware of what we do in France with glad you had a good time
There are reasons why you shouldn't own a tiger or two.
<-----from last night wen I was on my level
#emorydisc Garland Thomson talks about how #FaceTime is used by #ASL users. Have seen this myself at
my dude its not letting me retweet wtf?
not likely. It's coming up soon right? I may make last minute journey. Too good to pass up
Check out , , and, what the heck--maybe as well (per your most recent tweet!)
Old man drive.n 2 close i hit da brakes on him, he speed pass me & shoot me the bird. I pull up n say wuzup he said he's high right now
Weed & Drinks
good for you for being who you are. Lady GaGa would be proud. :-)
One last special thanks to Rosie Tripp. Her dedication to NM and the RNC is inspiring. I will miss her and Don greatly!
So youre mad at me because I said no when you asked me if you could bring your best friend to my birthday party? Lmfao OKAY
yeah it's stupid smh
Eyes heavy, body tired....
Dying to study in London next year!! any one have an extra $30,000??
You better be seeing it live this week !!!!!!! aka your number 1 fan
pet supplies store
I think the little 1,500 word story I banged out yesterday is polished & complete now. First thing I've written in a long time. Feels good.
That was a very entertaining post. And relatable. :)
dahhhhh so good! Too bad we didn't get a chance to meet in person! Great show.
There are no space aliens in Bumblyburg!
morning and good evening from America :)
Even the best fall down sometimes, and even the stars refuse to shine
my sister is having a lil boy in December :)
hey Mrs. Pal! Have not seen you in a while!
ok good...you have a good tumblr!
oops I thought you said two WORDS that shouldn't mix...
Hello, noticed the #BIWisdom chat, interested to see what is discussed.
I hope the Chicago Bulls saved their game before they played this last one.
I just want you and her and her and her! !!
It's such a skill, to be able to offer a beautiful eulogy- that must have been a great comfort to all.
All I can do is wish him the very best in all he does with all honesty...
i hope all's well; remember jcdl 2012? could you work on one more piece; it's a flier. let me know. - barrie
kilbourn public library #Dells awesome gorgeous country
It's National #Engineers Week! How are you celebrating?
_can't really enter caption contest being on theradio but if I could "they found the 51st shade of grey."
Just saw Jesus at for all those sleeping. So apocalypse is impending.
Get it Nat! RT : This is going to be a great month! :)
The Honda Center is amped for start of Waiting for Velasquez and Dos Santos to enter
Cup of noodle and ps3.
readdy for tennessee yet?!!! :)
Lol that was pretty funny not gonna lie
On the couch, a disastrous mess with , fuck all guys. Seriously.
3 days and a wake up!
Committing "Facebook suicide"
ah yes. the problem with easy start programs is getting around to learning more. I set aside 1 day/Q to read & file or delete
Comedy? presents Variety! Saturday, May 14th , 2nd & Gold. A night of sketches improv & stand up, and guest Patrick Gozur! $6
RT : Showdown looming on student loans. Ds want to finance w tax hike on rich, Rs w cut in Obamacare. Prez campaign in miniature.
"You don't have to have a career politician to get the job done."
Hey guys still waiting for season 3??? Kick it out....
your welcome and if you want to :)
The awkward moment when you feel like a badass cause you did a frontflip off the diving board then some asshole does a triple backflip.
I endorse this.
Ready to rock in the rain in Vienna tonight at an outdoor venue! Who's coming?!
When someone is talking shit about their "bff" to u...then an hour later theyre takin selfies
i just fell asleep watching this.
Who wants to win some free tickets to our next show?! :o
Congrats - you've won a ticket to see this Thursday ! Our people will DM you!
Exporting the new mix :) Who wants to give it a listen?!
well as long as I still like it I guess that is fine
Whats up with all of these dumb ass Challenges kids are coming up with? Here's one: finish school without getting, or getting her, pregnant.
fuck it we both rite then lol
Tami acting like a fucking hoodrat teenager , I bet she won't do Evelyn like that
If I were a lame, only just for a week. Id look myself in the mirror and shoot the first thing I see.
you said u loved me you're a LIAR..
its complicated.... but ill try to explain it so u know the 1 where shes in candly land well at the concert she followed th ...
just woke up and the first thing im listening to is :D
I'm on martha's vineyard today looking to ride - hit me up we'll go
To help you Defeat the Wheat, we've got 2-4-1 bottles of Lakefront Brewery's New Great #GlutenFree beer. You can't go wrong!
beg, borrow, and steal.
gonna be hard to watch both at the same time.
oh I dont listen much but whats the song with the dead girl in video?
thanks for the follow! nice to meet you :)
graduation practice tomorrow. but not until 2:30...plenty of time to recover...i can't believe i graduate saturday!
thanks for your great feedback! Please let us know with anything we can do in the future
The Internet genuinely just doesn't want me to sleep so I fail in life, every time I go to sleep I decide I need to check twitter.
good job spelling karpas
laying in bed. i'm evelyne hbu? :)
How's my second fav team doing man y'all all r some crazy fuckaroos lol from Kickapoo lol funny shit
My Quote of the Day - "Be the change that you wish to see in the world.", Mohandas Gandhi
cool shit dude
welcome to the club
Sadly, no.
This is an absolute nightmare for all Manchester city fans 😰
Girls & me strolling along the river, when a biker ranted at us for not hustling out of her way. wa'evah. Everyone _else_ is nice.
Garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage.
your probably right. He's got all the girl votes. But josh is still my favorite! He's got mad soul.
Watching #WhoDoYouThinkYouAre,... her family is from everywhere. And who knew her dad was Quincy?
where you work at now?
Calder's sculptural portraits look like suspended choreography.
hey! How has your day been? :)
I hate ESPN during a match of this meaning!
Today @ 3pm on the Legends of Rock: Who is Jumpin' Jack Flash? Is he Real? Find out today.
Snowing on my walk back to the car!
cold beer on a friday night, a pair of jeans that fit just right, & the radio on.
of course! It's been so long since I've seen you! Lmk when you have a show in Nash.
Wow... The Blue Jackets won 6 to 3
Have a Happy New Year and be safe. 2012 will be great for you and the Rage!
I could have warned you about this....
it's by the water tower in north park. I was a sub.. not sure if I'll play again. Good way to get in shape though!
No pool?
Congratss on meeting Austin :) must've been amazing!!
can't believe you got no votes! Loved watching you, wish you would have won!
Working on some new paintings today...I hope.
any recommendations for a good NJ- or DC-based moving company?
Madonna's i am a sinner , gets me going, love this song...
We're staying out of that mess. We're just thrilled that #gunsoncampus is apparently going to die as a result.
Can we talk about how is already #14 on the OVERALL iTunes chart?! Voting like a crazy person.
MITT ROMNEY and PAUL RYAN'S PLAN puts many RACES across the NATION back on the PLANTATION. What will happen to IMMIGRATION? NLD Mom/ca. surv
I wish mirror pics were socially acceptable
Bang Bang by K'naan !! <3
We struggle with that daily, and learned to love crooked pigtails. (I blame their wiggling.)
shew!! Wears me out just thinking about it! Glad to hear it all went well!!! Get some rest!
if im louder would you see me. would you lay down in my arms and rescue me cause we are the same you save me when you leave me it gone again
Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off now.
This is bullshit.
Thanks for visiting!! Great photo you shared!
thank you Greg Zeman and Alex Emslie at Bay News Movement for the rubber bullet pic
"If you want to live in a Republican state with very conservative right-wing laws, then there's a place called Arizona" CA Governor J. Brown
Thank you for following us.
koolin it bruh bruh...u good fam ain't ran into you in a min
UGH. I want to see The Hunger Games SO BADLY!
Starting to get real feelings for her, but not talkin about relationships right now.
Headed back to Indy.
Wall! [boom] Man I swear there used to be a door there.
Didn't see it in Madison, WI.
do anyone reall like that 'otis'song jay-z and kanye did?
I feel this a lot. I live in a super PTA mom area and the pressure to be perfect is really high!
saw a dead huskie on the road :(
Bengals, nice womping by the lions! Two words Mike Brown!
lol. Did you have an unpleasant experience with a nozzle today or something?
It's no secret why Romney wants to be President - give more to the 1% and take more from the 99%
that's mostly just on Wednesday's lol
#WeirdThingsToSayDuringSex AUSTIIN! AUUUUUUUUUUUUSSSSSSTIN!! (when guys name is NOT austin D: ) lol, i have no life.
T minus 1 week until we're live to the world! We're so excited we can't stand it! Lookin' forward to helping you get your job done!
call me mr.money r captin marketable, im 20yrs old , chubby red nigga, n an awfully charming smile, swag sells yall, get it togetha
41 to 7, end of the 3rd, interception just in front of the goal. So depressed.
Follow my new Twitter
together at last! Lol
Does your #OA repository support metadata-only records? I'm interested in chatting with others regarding support for this oft-heard request.
won my football game 12-6
Staying silent for most of the day today!
*slipping a finger under your chin* Good Morning, Ms. Purchase.
Bro, RELAX.
M&E manager for Egypt GDA and overseas gender champion, Ireny Roman, attended the Women's Initiative Fellowship Program:...
R.i.p to a dear friend :( Robert
glad u and the fam are safe
“: If you're too busy for God, then it's time to change your schedule.”
It is a sad day for those people.
Thanks for the shout out.
make it nasty make it nasty
See my last tweet. Throwing away the shoes but keeping the cat.
No one could take your place..
what an amazing cause!
lol you drool on yourself more than that cat does!! they are claws of love!!! Just let him suck lmao
"Good luck ma'am" is not the kind of support I need from tech support.
I don't trust everyone. Like we can be cool but I'm smart enough to know I can't tell you shit.
get low's on the radio and I'm Singing it to my dad... Uncomfortable that I know every word because of Oy
3 years? Wow, time has been flyin' -
The other good part was "You are a blog".
CTL Website usability: use CTL email instead of personal email, put the physical address of the CTL on the website
#FresnoDLD I had everyone jump to a google doc to respond . . . Thanks, you!
u shut up!
omfg high five , I cry everyday ;o
I've heard it could get there with 80- but you're right, it'll need more than 22. If ABC goes S4, they have to do 13 ep S5.
love your posts!
omg i love u guyss!!
Be Poking Peoples Ass With Yur Brisk ! XD
Happy to meet other 'expectant' authors Any tips on waiting patiently?
Aw man. release the video already!
"Yeah, he plays it high/and he plays with so much feeling/Go get some water/'cause he's burning up the ceiling" - #Jazz , Walter Dean Myers
even if things end up a bit to heavy, we'll all float on alright
Lmao my cousin told my kinfolks that I can drink my Uncle Perry under the table and he is the biggest drinker in our family, never sober smh
from the sickassss highlighter xp
wearing my green pants out tonight, and NO ONE is gonna stop me
I'm officially on LA Casting!!! YAY ME!!!!! <3
lol i think my babdy daddy is follwin me on twitter too "oh nucca i aint got no fuckn $$$$"
"Wait, is this a comic?" - during the openings credits of The Avengers
Thanks! Always great to come into the studio to a great surprise!
who winning and y dey arguing
Michael Eric Dyson is too wordy for me. When he speaks he needs an editor. Time to change the channel.
Out ran all the fast runners in gym. IM THE SLOWEST.
I keep trying to kill math with fire but it just never stays dead :/
HAPPY NEW YEAR AUSTIN. let's be together for this ride through 2012. It'll be amazing!
WHERE IS THE FLAG???
Ready for tonight :)
your call me maybe video is adorable<3 i love it!
Well said! RT : Absolutely true RT : Design Tip "When you control the light, you control the room!"
Done with America and it's voting on idol. Final two should b Elise and Joshua. Only two unique enough.
Anyone seen Joe Johnson ?
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 16
so u can video the trips to the stadiums lol
if you tweet it, it will come!
I'm going to stay young till I get old.
Thank you Facebook for constantly reminding me of the last 8 "friends" I hooked up w/ by putting em in the upper right corner of my timeline
Sure, just hit me up when you're back
"Estos tipos de negocios son el corazon del barrio" - woman @ taco shop in #HighlandPark. Amen.
I've been nervious about Sunday's game since about 4:15 last Sunday. But oddly confident, too.
Every chick on #GCB has #NoAss . I hope the title stands for "Getting Cakier Butts".
Bloods went really well with Beryl Satter's book, Family Properties about real estate and economic exploitation in Chicago during 1950s/60s
I'm waiting for the after christmas holiday sale.
i need to meet you & the boys before it is impossible to do so >.<
good point.
Happy Cinco de Yayo! Mex Hat Dancing down to the Track to place a few bets on Kentucky Derby Day, Tequila, Make it rain, Etc.
Looking to interview Third Ward residents for a story. Let me know if you live in the Third Ward.
Putting on glasses for the first time makes words appear in HD. I guess I should've gone to the eye dr sooner.
Why doesn't get more shit for his beard? He looks
Guess What?? I Love My Hair! Yes I Do. Its Thick Natural Soft Shiny Beautiful Manageable and its all mine too.
thanks for the RT lady, i like really need some great sounding stuff not the norm
Not a problem! We'll let you know if we find anything!
. The cost-shifting proposals are just proposals, not the law. Important distinction. Thanks for the tweet!
You laugh because im different, i laugh because your all the same
I agree love it
On our way to Voodoo Octoberfest!! See you there!
Tonight's the last opportunity for groups to modify their programming arcs. Talk to your commissioner if you haven't already.
Yes mam..;) Hugs
It's #CincoDeMayo - Let's party in !
Iowa, mn, Colorado and more to come as state conventions continue.
You make me smile=$.
He cant die, not now.. i cant even sleep, way to much on my mind.. i dont wanna lose him..
live by the three......die by the three....
Can't decide what to bring to the party tonight? Tampico should do the trick! ;)
Game over. Good guys win.
hop hop hop hop
T-Minus 53 Minutes for your Destination to begin, LIVE on www.danceradio.ca and www.radio4by4.com
whyy are cockroaches in miami on steroids ?! :'( one under my bed
Wow, that's awesome about your book. It must feel so great to have a book published. Congrats!!
So glad I got my vinyl up and going again...listening to the B side of U2 Boy
Orders can be customized to a large degree. Let me know what u have in mind & we can discuss what's possible.
Bye Bye Brian Westbrook...
So so fun!! It's so pretty and you know I am gettin' all historical and vaclempt on Sopapilla! Miss u n gumbo!
thanks! I def will check out your music when I get to work!!
helping a woman find the forms to correct a mistake on her birth certificate.
How many "Real Fans" do you have? How many would travel at least 200 miles and pay to see you perform?
I love my mom so much, I feel like I don't tell her enough
J.K Rowling is and always will be a role model. She is such a strong, inspiring woman. Team Rowling for life <3
Wtf #PandoraRadio I asked for Kanye West playlist, the fcuk u playing me Lil Wayne for!
I hate it when I'm tryin to shake hands w the unemployed & I get confused w , & vice versa.
Do things ever get easier? I mean, really.
if you have a short bob cut you probably shouldn't hot roller your hair....just sayin... bc i did it today...it was bad..
great lens
Man, I need a dishwasher. This is for the birds.....
i cant follow ne one else until u follow !!! pleasee ! im checking !:)
Moving into the spare bedroom. Baby Katherine is a vampire...sleeps all day and awake all night.
I wish I could've been in all the High School Musicals.. :/
Question: If you listening but dont understand a word im saying am i really talking?
hazard of betting unders
I remember last year Jared and I got in a fight cause I said being in love and loving someone was completely different & he didnt agree lol
I would remain friends with both people. You can be friends while remaining neutral
Saturday morning! Time to create magic in the hair salon, schedule an appointment now (813) 910 2770!
Nice! He brought me an annual pass to Disney World!
Thank you. You post to much stuff.
Orioles and Logic should NEVER be used in the same paragraph much less sentence!
yes was a great win! And we will have to meet up next match!! :-)
OMG your killing me ": No matter what...I will still have respect for Denver."
“: Worry is like a rocking chair—it's always in motion but it never gets you anywhere.”😄
oh yeah! Those margs were too tasty.
WWE's throwing out 1st pitch 4 hometown CLEIndians tonite! 1 day when we get picked up we'll have a homecoming 4 our champ!
If I'd known that I would have lent you my Hoosiers DVD! “: First movie selection? "BASEketball" So inspirational!
the point is the use of these terms often produces confusion, since their boundaries are so fluid. depends on audience.
getting ready to take the dogs on a walk and deliver our treats to AKA Spot!
I JUST FUCKED THAT CHEM TEST IN THE ASS. HOLLAAAAA
hahaa yeahh! Who knows it may not even be about you!
I am loving my Behringer mixing board right now.
*Cough* kinda.
dont i just put ya email in to send it wat email u got linkd to paypal
Care packages.
Fuck yeah I'll star a random mention if I read and enjoyed it. That shits in MY timeline
Buying a Panama jack beach cruise bike tomorrow ^.^ so excited
Musical Direction by Kenneth Gartman - an accomplished singer, pianist, vocal coach & music director based in NYC. Visit KENNETHGARTMAN.COM!
Yup, be warned #libmade followers. Looks like we have some twitter spammers. You'll notice them by their, um, profile pics.
RT : The new Lunch Menu is almost finished. There will be wraps, new salads, and other quick and easy dining options added.
Thanks for sharing!
Somebody pick me up
oo i got me some wed!! hmph thats why they aint paid they rent
My parents never give me the credit I deserve.
notice I am on the phone!!!
I don't believe you shop at Trader Joe's.
Amazing Jumpstart Joy video by George Washington University Corps members. call me baby!
Have a good night everyone.
if it's love when two heterosexuals wanna get married (sometimes) why wouldn't that be the case with homosexuals?
ESM client Ron Brooks runs one of fastest times at combine- 4.35...some scouts timed in low 4.3s...congrats RB!
All I want is my own family
Aw ": Happy President's Day to my personal favorite, –mo"
Haha. I"m a good driver...I grew up on a farm, so I learned at like 12 years old. I DO road rage sometimes, though. LOL.
Not cleared to play till Thursday <<
Team Work is good! Don't forget about ohio phenoms n queen city n OBC!
Congratulations to all the students receiving their Certificate in Proposal Writing this afternoon!
Just signed up for the Rock N Roll class (v. excited).. was planning to take a morning class too... is 2x in a day too much?
Thanks for the shout out! Hopefully helpful?
"What, then, do we do?" "I'll show you."
Bout to drown out my memory of today
Set up a Twitter stream display at panel and I'll try and join you virtually
I Gotta Stop Getting Smart With People Stronger Than Me .
what did you do?! Feel better!!!
who might you be? You love to comment on all my tweets
Knowledge is power, but in the wrong hands its as dangerous as a gun..!
Looking for a good source of writing prompts. Ideas?
The song "Joseph Merrick" by Mastodon sounds so much like Diablo 3 Music.
Differences of Web/Internet: apps and devices that use Internet but not browser.
Thanks! I hope I can get VIP :) it would make my life to meet one direction I hope 1 day u can get to meet them to :)
Oh, how time flies! This time next week I'll be waking up in Michigan.
He'll lose in KY too RT : the Favorite, Union Rags lost the Florida Derby 4 weeks ago to Take Charge Indy.
Could I Tweet links to My Portfolios as well?
haha I hope is good tonight.
Good question! RT : A1: How quickly are you looking to hire
What my dad said, "C'mon, let's go. We gotta leave." What I heard, "Take another 1/2 hour to finish your video game and text 10 people."
I wish #GandB was online. Life of a poor young professional without cable :(
Shep will just throw another F-bomb in eventually to even it all out.
"Product things I learned at Burning Man" talks today: Two. So far.
I just celebrated my 25 pound weight loss by eating a pint of Haagen-Dazs ice cream.
Boo. Manzano Mountains State Park will remain closed in 2012.
Victor Cruz with 2 tuddies and NYG with the win. BTW, good game last night - statement road win!
Almost 160 1 more person we can do it! ~Ashley
I think Lisa Gail hits all the high notes...
glad we could help - enjoy your trip!
Playing at The Ritz Carlton in Orlando til 3pm today in The Vineyard
who are you?
Bob's Big Big Boy
Wow dude on news story is still wearing a Hope t-shirt.. Poor choice in politics but has a great program with autistic kids
the late Maurice Sendak would have been perfect author to write the book depicting all the goings-on in Mitt's "quiet room."
We offer you great tools for small business lending. Follow us to receive a code upon request to run free reports
Excuse me, Mr. Sheen? You're just an ACTOR. Can you lose the God complex please?
yeah dawg I got ya. Hit me up when you get down here!!
Collins Ink heads to Las Vegas next week for Pack Expo 2011. Visit booth # S-5125 to discuss how Collins' newest inkjet developments!
Hearing my old familiar tea kettle whistle is like a primal scream that always calls to my love of coffee and still brings a smile to my day
Good morning sunshines ;) Beautiful things await you today, like my single & the releasing of my new demo. I smell colorful things coming :)
I am flying over Minn, tweeting, watching this! #innovation RT President Obama: #Innovation is what America is all about.
Thanks! I'm reassembling it here in SF very shortly. Just re-arranging things for the sake of freshness.
Trying to get a #Germanists hashtag going. Use if helpful!
When building an app, start by figuring out what people need help with, not what technology can do.
With Anna and Bri doing Anna's nails for prom! :D
Amazing how often 's name comes up in council candidate interviews. He's the measuring stick, for both friends and enemies.
Still waiting patiently !!!
If I had an ounce of sense I would build a second recording studio in Pocos de Caldas (yeah google it) and forget that NYC exists.
unless your over 180, average height with a six pack, you get no respect from me
I can see it now .... Facetagram.
You dreamed big , and look where it got you ! Keep Dreaming Big. Love you <3
read about you in my Inc magazine!
Thanks for all the birthday wishes yesterday...it was a fantastic day!!
Good to see pujols earning that money. They should've signed me. I would have went homer-less for a whole lot less.
BRUTUS: Then follow me, and give me audience, friends.-- Cassius, go you into the other street And part the numbers.--
Doing my Spanish homework because I didn't wanna do it at home almost done, late but on time
Seriously, North Carolina??? Fuck you.
comScore says Tribal Fusion is now the world's second-largest display ad provider reaching more than 490M unique users globally, behind onl…
is wondering if the #GreenMan was running Bay to Breakers today....
Jokes on you, I was only pretending to be retarded
I can't believe Santana just struck out there...
#vaforum12 By way of Jonathan DeCoster, the "Land of the Codfish" is everything north of Florida (for some def of Florida, per 16th c.)
fit with kids. 1st child you go to the gym, child 2 they are the exercise and child 3 no time to eat. And tons of Starbucks.
me me me I wish
": #NICKIISBACK EVERYONE FOLLOW ITS HER NEW ONE BARBIE BITCH!X"
My hair is pissing me off. Therefore I will be pissed off.
": The has been a big hit at #NRB12 // great meeting u and learning about this terrific project.
are heartmeltingly amazing live.
You don't have to be an asshole about it
Out with the girls(: couldnt be happier<3
keep it youtube!!!!
One week from tonight!! Urban noise: summer fest 3.0 at Brooklyn Bowl!
I keep thinking today is Thursday & tomorrow is Friday.I guess that's why told me to come to the cd release show. Got it. My bad.
Hi Cassie=) Can you follow me here too=) I'm just getting things set up for park-a-day & beyond. Thank you!
RT Relax East Coast of the U.S., that wasn't an earthquake, we were just testing a new "project" we've been working on.
Not all carbs are created equal! Stick to the ones derive from nature for sustain energy
Looks like you're having fun on here... still pondering a move back out west?
cant find u lol..im in the back
It's #dayofcaring day!! Thank you to all of our wonderful volunteers!
Let the games begin.
Dude. Just saw The Avengers.
so you like and my plan ? And we sure will send one to you (:
Our social networks have gone on a brief hiatus. We're back in action now! More updates on everything internet are soon to come!
Hi Rubi ! Could you tell me , again where that spot is. Can't found your email. -Sorry About that. 🎈
merry Christmas sassafras! :-)
CANT COP A COUP WITH NO COUPONS!
Old people love is cute but never sexy.
Artest (World Peace) just sad and crazy now. no actual talent left.
SHIRTS ARE HERE!
Leading Edge Learning Center and the City of Fontana are Open for Business!
#Maitland residents receive free admission to museum this month with proof of residency
Satyajit Das: We tell ourselves low rates are good for us, but in truth we are ... - The Independent
directioners, you going the BTR tour just to see 1D then leaving is like Rushers going to the Justin Bieber Concert then leaving after BTR
Agreed but Deion's programs are doing good things so lets give him some credit.
Mark, some of these callers today, are certified cray cray!! LoL!
#Austinpowers4 Really? Mike Meyers, one trick pony, beats the Horse!
yes! #winning! ☺
has scheduled a review of SALVAGE THE BONES for Jan 1!! Now let's hope it's a good one!
iBREAK YOU BiTCHES DOWN VERBALLY
Come check out some incredible student films tonight at the 6:30.
Looking for phone no. to call in for SM commtee mtg.
I wasn't being mean there, just saying you don't need a new one.
Thank you for your valiant service to our nation, Rep. Lewis. I too, mourn for all of us all this moment.
I just punched myself in my own mouth while pulling staples out of a canvas.
10/22 plans churning in my brain. Bell &Carlson Target/Varmint Stock .920" , Volquartsen barrel and trigger kit, Simmons whitetail scope
Now soliciting restaurant and winery recommendations for Melbourne and the surrounding region. Whatcha got?
You can't hit a home run with stepping up to the plate. You can't get hit by lightning without standing in the rain.
holy shyyyyt. I love clothes
Want - 4 quart cast iron enamel Dutch oven and Buster Vetruvian Man sweatshirt. It's good to have goals in life. ;)
gonna post the link in a minute of me singing Love me by Justin . I don't think its good but w.e tweet me what you think (:
very, very nice
Playing through some tunes on my lunch. I need to get a band together. Stat.
This might seem far fetched. but I'm wondering if you might check out ? He's a musician. Loves !!
I have to follow a fellow Ironman!
will you sneak some of your cupcakes in at cupcake tour??
Welp this game over.
It's not about your situation, but your attitude toward your situation that matters...
sounds great! great catching up with you! :)
I have small tatas too ;( isn't it dangerous to have somebody do them? That's not professional.. lol
intrigued about what? It shows PPT slides on your iPad, for free. WIth your fonts and animations. And speaker notes.
#ilookforward when I walk.
I wish you were a pinata!!
Watching Nightmare on Elm St.
Why did these girls simultaneously scream at their cell phones! Is basketball wives on? Who got splashed, punched, slapped ...
made me such a delicious breakfast this morning. :)
Chupacabra food truck will be on the news tonight on Abc channel 7 between 5pm and 7pm... And on Cbs channel 9 live somewhere in the 5pm sho
:(. So sad for you buddy. Hugs.
: MT Kirk just gave the first "roger that" response to parliamentarian.<heard it and $5 says it won't appear in the Record that way!
Very welcome! Please do come by - we've got some rad new flavors this month and kids LOVE out crazy interior design!
This is MJ coming back to yall. :) how's it going?!
Enjoying Mother's Day watching movies with mother brother and sister in law
Friday evening DJs- your shows will be broadcasted throughout the 4th floor lounge for the Service Day Dinner from 5-8 PM!! Be professional!
#rise&grind Up gettin ready 4 work. Blessed & thanking God. Happy #humpday 2 everybody! Only 2 more days till Friday yay!!!
went hard a.f. on tht I am the Westside pt.2
back to business...serious business!
Some people seriously need to go see the Wzard because they need some heart, courage and a brain
Good I really just want to make people happy, so how old are you?;)
En route to Grad Alley!
So sorry to hear about your mom. Since you are her daughter I know she must have been a special lady
My momma's going into surgery friday. 😔
cant wait to hear your set !! > RT : Come to "Big Night DC New Year's Eve Extravaganza" Friday, December 31.
Important point. MT Knight: Metadata interpretive act, more than service from catalogers. #s47 #mla12 // I've always thought this.
RT I would like to give a special thanks to ! Preciate you bruhhhhh <~~ luv ya sis
I don't think my connection could handle that, sorry. :/
Thanks Kroger for not raising gas $.25 yet
plating the grand opening of a video game
If I see him, ima drop a drink on him & say "the fuck odalys, now you have to makeout with him cuz Im not buying him a new shirt"
Can't wait for BTR!
Just took a two hour walk on the beach, which was fun as I saw a shrimp swimming in the ocean and a lot of boats on the ocean.
do you have rock star dreams? Do you want to be in a band?
In Shawnee doing oil changes and repair work for OBU
thank you for following us Christy!
Thank you! RT : Happy Birthday!!!
Last night we added two more pinball machines to Slabtown Demolition Man and Party Zone. Spent 2 full days shopping them out. Enjoy.
Enjoyed your performance in TLAM. Was @ the premier in Atlanta. Wish u were there. I watch your show:)
Let's hope that this win FINALLY sparks something in this team. Running out of time for learning experiences.
Looks like everything on Thursday night tv sucks except
: You've got to be kidding me.
Vargas his own worst enemy there, damnit
I'm tempted to download your book (who reads paper anymore?) Been reading too serious lately, need a giggle or two.
How will your relay team work out the exchange zones? Lots of runners! Have a plan!
Somethin' about your pushing me pulling me
As it should be.
I hate that class so much
so sorry I missed the party last night! I hope you still love me! See you tonight for makeup shots!
This year,went by fast i only gott like 12 days of school
Why is night called "after dark" when it really is "after light" and the darkness is just beginning...?
The real question is will you survive the Braun decision
Re~loving life here in San Diego with the fam
He also knocked 1 down in church on sunday... check it out!
Ppl don't wanna pay for quality anymore.
There are some vendors that will be outdoors, I will be indoors. RT : is this event indoor?
Just saw an article in the same paper about Elvis Presley's concert here on May 26, 1956.
If ur 11, & they laugh at ya for wanting to be a Jello pudding pop when you grow up,then no,they're not your real friends
hey pal. How you been? Long time no see
RT : All or Nothing
Agreed! RT : Not liking the new Law & Order SVU... Where is my Detective Stabler!?
RT : There are no boundaries there are only obstacles.....so dream and work hard to get what you want.
I just have to do laundry and I'll be pretty much completely packed up!
Well said RT : Don't let people rent space in your mind for free.
If Ur From Upstate NY Why The FUCK Dont U Follow Superior Apparel?!?!?!
If I had one wish..you'd my boo lmao but I #BELIEVE I am among with the other 21.9 million :)
Have you ever sent a celebrity a #hatetweet?? Who & why?
if you weren't already married I would have married you yesterday lol
I know every words to every commercial. I've watched wayy too much tv in these past couple months.
How important is "play" to our cities? #loveindy Zipline success anyone?
CANCELLED: May 14 Global Women's Mentoring Partnership webchat.
Looking at #oomf just urkes me
I agree. Tried it earlier this week at Indiana State Fair. Krispy Kreme, good. Cheeseburger, good. Combined, eh.
I VOTED! And I didn't vote for that nut job Sharon Angle!
I feel for you :)
I've run this Twitter class for three semesters... I did make some changes to it this AM.
Looks like I'm headin to the brewery after work
merry christmas to all and to all a good night.
"The more I know, the less I understand. And all the things I thought I've figured out, I'm learning them again."
bitch don't be in the way, be productive out here and get yours
Joy to the world - YOGA!
really :( wow
congrats. Happy Birthday!
for real!? Do I have tp get the password? Lol
Beergaritas to end the weekend
I love this picture! :)
great! Working for the state is complicated isn't it? I'm still learning a lot every single day.
I think we need another video
got nothing but love for ya kid :)
"Just Friends" is the biography of my life, except I haven't bloomed into Ryan Reynolds yet...
ok. ill be home for a little from like the 5th though the 9th. my job start on the 10th. ill try to see you while im in town
Cant wait for the xmas day shower/nap/tv combo. M.
Good morning twitter. My arms aren't as sore this morning, but I definately got a sun burn... Hope you all have lovely days!
I like it. I am going to follow your blog until there is no more music to listen to.
My cock just quivered a little from last night
#iknewitwasoverwhen you didn't get me a pre paid wax pass for EWC's Under The Mistletoe promotion!
If you're a #SunbeltTT winner please email us at .
- All good bro! I'm still trying to figure this whole Twitter thing out. Looking forward to #Kimock in a month!
Audition for First Act Music Company today
I can rap without sayin nothing.
love your energy and so happy to have you on the #Celtics ! Onward to the playoffs soon!
Can't wait tomorrow for everything that I want. B....ches this will be good. My lifetime now?????!!!!!.....
I love #Twitter, but none of my friends have one! Good lawd people, get caught up with technology :P Lol.
That was cold fucking blooded.
I'd never want psychological romance, but when Cameo's Larry Blackmon dismisses it, psychological romance seems like a dessert.
but Taja look Better
Fabulous! RT : ": Hope everyone is having a great Monday thus far!" Absolutely!
so my sister is ignoring my banging on her wall, kool, her loss,lol, this youtube video is funny
you heard me! a dark place that's perfect for a pinky ;)
It is a thousand times better to have common sense without education than to have education without common sense
No problem Man... If you're ever in L.A. and you need some Ink, hmu!
Finally taking a breath after finals Preparing for my new recording and Label/Management Co. Planning...God, Family,Music-Yeah
thank you very much! Same to you! ;)
do you have any gluten free sides?
My goal is to get out and get more social
In LOVE with Michelle Williams wearing Louis Vuitton! Marc Jacobs is a genius!
ah we will have you competing for a starting spot lol
Rain rain go away!
I suddenly realized I want something different than I always thought.
Kinect Star Wars(?)
It's always 5 o'clock somewhere. Excel can probably even tell you where. :)
the physics exam was canceled. That's good, i'm not ready yet
My mama n Auntie want me to go to prom again
58% of those who follow Red Sox Alley are female. Interesting!
takin ova my twitter feed
I am going to start packing any second now. Really.
good luck on your exam today sweetheart! (: xx
Chinese or naw
please follow me
Blowin kisses to all the haters :*
Give a follow. He's live-tweeting the press conference right now
Legal, sure. But, boy, I wouldn't want to be in his shoes bout now. He's got ministers, military AND government after him. Ouch!
We have been saying this all along because of Google's inclusion of Social Search in search results. I know that FB is still king, but...
from a cleanliness perspective?
I'm enjoying it more
It is very hot out. Trees help keep us cool. Please water the trees near your home!
I don't know why...but it's fucking hilarious!
please try to score runs before this game is over
Are UB40 tees coming back?
I'll be home around 10 cause I'm comin from Kansas and I can meet chu somewhere bro
is the start of my career. My inspiration in my music. My everything. If he only knew how much he means to me.<3
DC speed trap! mobile speed camera in 'unmarked' van inside 9th Street tunnel. speed limit is 35mph inside tunnel.
Whew! We just missed the rain in Waconia! Now we're following the showers to the metro...
aw man. Invite a friend!
Our hours during #NATO: we will close on Friday 5/18 but open Sat. 5/19 till 8pm for Spoken Word night.
you can't start a fire without a spark
no i dont reply 'cause i'm bussy..get over yourself
Forgot my fucking nametag damn it
My brother has been getting white hairs since age 14. I think it's kinda cool looking!
He is single. Hope you like kids.
Retail therapy
yep, focus on what only you can do and surround yourself by people who can do everything else
It can be stretched to the almost ludicrous, but it must always be believable
ohh yeah we do! I can't wait til we all hang out again! You should text me!!
total turn on! Will you please have my babies?
I am going to miss Ed, especially when he used to say "And now HEEEERRES Johnny"!!! Now he and Johnny can do some catching up.
Hi Natalia, same to you!
you bet! If its like last year there will be an event Tuesday night for our group at the gardens
Treating my coworker to lunch today we having Gumbo from Cajuns
Falling asleep, already mumbling about Bakery Nouveau cake and their needing a delivery service to Capitol Hill.
Just ran into in long island... What that made my week!!! Love u baby!
the rest of the game was "blah" to me. But in the end I had my fun with it when I first bought it. Still own it today :)
aw thanks dear!p
Justin Bieber has not Followed me !
There are *so* many design events in SF! I wish I could afford to go to them all!
watches the #SuperBowl, I watch the #commercials. We both enjoy the
The 2 sites I check daily and My IT guy at work called me out, said they were viewed so often he had to investigate
- there's telltale blood spatter to indicate the batter was hit. We'll wait for the semen test to determine whether he was raped.
Let 'em talk let 'em talk let 'em talk let 'em talk.
Forgive it for it's sins?
thank you for helping us
It worked across all platforms! The interwebs win again! Hooray!
American Reunion was better then I expected it to be & it was very funny.
I hate psych.... I mean peach.
Let me get my ass off here. Goodnight Twitter <3
and ... Trivia tomorrow? As a wise man once said ... "Keep me posted."
Listen to all week for info on the McDonald’s Monopoly SAFE & cash cube contest at 11 a.m. on Sept. 23 at Zeidler Union Square.
D'oh! I look forward to seeing it come back up. Wix is okay, but the editing interface can be a bit buggy and kinda flaky.
just found an awesome used book store near his work.
Everyone ought to worship God according to his own inclinations, and not to be constrained by force.
only if you shove it up your butt
Dad's first visit to Mom's new A.L.F. is Sunday. Holding breath...
Never thought I'd be filmed so much at #shrm09! Check out what we've been up at at www.careerbuilder.com/shrm2009
DPD affirms original enviro decision of non-significance on Greenwood Fred Meyer site. FM can now start major expansion....
Try the Peroni sometime, too! It's an awesome beer as well. (Your server will give you a taste...it may become a new addiction.)
A quick #FF to my new coworkers at : Thx for all the guidance.
“: housing is the solution to homelessness.” simple doesn't mean easy.
Resolve uncertainty through a rational process
no I had to kill a bunch lol
can you help me get some followers...i follow back :)
M beer... sweet nectar of Sunday.
Imagine she responds with an "I love you too".... just imagine... shit! I would die! lol
Big time fail. Went home to grab my gym clothes only to realize that I left my keys at work!
thanks Raul! let me know what you think of the songs!
It is dangerous for any organisation to rely too heavily on one management style or academic discipline, such as the MBA
What can you do to #PayItFoward? Pay for someone’s cup of coffee. Get the next person’s food or toll. Connect a
Milk bar, around the corner from Kezar's. 1840 Haight
AND, even worse, she likes men who are boring wrestlers.
Advice from an Australian, don't tip anyone unless you want your money thorn in your face.
“: welcome back!” thank YOU Danny!
Did you like Hugo? Then get your young heart to at 3:30pm for Brian Seiznick #InConvo for
If I tell you I love you, can I have you forever? ~ Casper
Want to help us with NoPantsAZ this year? :)
G'morning!
Great American Group(R)* Announces Improved First Quarter 2012 Financial Results
You will be as much value to others as you have been to yourself. ~ Marcus T. Cicero
great idea by #orioles to hold open tryout for PA announcer. Next week: tryout for starting pitchers
I'm going to start making eyephones and go by Khanye Wess.
playing at Uncommon Ground on Devon Saturday night with Ami Saraiya. 10pm. Tyranny of Dave cd release party.
Thanks for the retweet! I hope you have a blessed weekend!
The most valuable thing you can give someone is time. Don't make excuses of why you can't give it.
When you're shafted by a final, it may be the prof's fault. When you sell your textbooks to the bookstore, you only have yourself to blame.
congrats Jen on making the 40 40 list women impacting post - sport
This girl at the mall today <<<< trying to twerk .
Guys, if you're excited by your 1st date, call her the next day! If you wait 5 days, she'll think you're not interested.
Ha! I wondered if anyone was going to poke fun at that or at the "creative capitalization."
The definition of a beautiful woman is one who loves me.
Mike, when you get a chance, you need to click on our names and "follow" us, so you can see our replies to you. Good Luck in SA
Hamlet - "I could be bounded in a nutshell, and count myself a king of infinite space"
Sunday Funday! Enjoy a Bloody & New Flux Design Art Work
that's what she said LMAO!
#Blazers acting GM Chad Buchanan on PG position: "That's a critical spot for us to fill. It's a void we have to fill & address."
Somebody just shoot me.
“: OH: "my husband is a body drinker". Strong. #MSSymposium” Great new term. We'll all be stealing that!
u put ur a one directioner n I said it's Jus directioner n I'm trying to sleep here byyee
S/O to big time media
Sorry the beginning of that response only half made sense. Long day!
im getting a hoodie with your face on it just so when i wake up and see it ill think your there!, i love you so mucchh.
RT : #Methodists keep language calling same-sex relationships "incompatible" w/Christian teaching
Admit I'm a manual transmission girl. Like to be engaged in my driving experience & feel the acceleration.... #MyNeedForSpeedIsRealBaby :-)
cant i have a follow of you Shawn. please. :-)
Thanks!!! Love you Dante!!
try Seasons In The Sun. Or Kokomo.
I love my #Packers !
since i was really bored in the middle of the night.
Im always late to work.cause of traffic
And so it continues...Love it!“: Jack in the box recruiting artists are now looking for data architects.”
Very belated thank you for the RTs!
Bloop De La Beep
Feeling some what better afta havin my molar removed :( still n recovery mode!
Photo shoot with Zachary Handler 11-3 Brick, cement, butcher table, butcher paper, and antebellum gowns thru his lens
yeaaaaaap be there in a gif!
Happy International Women's Day!
thanks! Hope it crowds up over the year.
#BBN RT : Say you'll be surprised of we get to the sweet 16? Dude a joke! Settle for nothing but a ship!!
Silence is golden. :)
Shouldn't it be Beer & Pretzel Day. They go together if you ask me. Shoot it's only 7:30
Another: "A Ring found in a Fishes Belly taken about Gorro; conceived to be the same wherewith the Duke of Venice had wedded the Sea."
thanks for the kind mention! Very appreciated. Cheers, Danko.
"You can have friendship & you can have love... But when they are together, it’s called Great Love"
Planting heirloom tomatoes and herbs on the patio today!
Thanks for going out of town ... I enjoyed my stay in the suite at 15K!
im literally going through and adding everyone on facebook that i come by, im a creeper
Mike & Mike were going apeshit before the interview. They set the media table every day. You're completely disingenuous. Later.
I had the same prob with AT&T. Took it back to the store and they switched out the sim card. No problems since.
Big ups ! Thanks for bringing me out to tonight.
(2:35pm) Partial clearing with light winds overnight will help create areas of fog after midnight, lows in the mid 40s.
we in the second round! We eating
