Thanks for having me! Much enjoy : Hi Curt - thnks for coming by
WTF, its Thursday already
It annoys me so much how often my brother lies to my parents and they ALWAYS BELIEVE HIM. Hes such a dick too
love your site! pure awesome.
Man, Gary Carter dies of a brain tumor? Still remember him being one of those players I always liked. Need more like him.
when does your phone turn back on womaaaannn?
This truth serum thing... :)
it was a basic call-back service. Twilio API is simple (heroku + twilio + sinatra = build something amazing in 2 hours)
*rolls spike strips across Mopac*
Uptown Dallas on the up swing with Perry's Steakhouse on McKinney Ave. opening in April.
I think that's okay, since Yoga X isn't as intense. As long as you felt comfortable with it, I think it's healthy!
Hell yeah. Stay busy!
Joe Matson of just pulled out a line from Gilbert and Sullivan's Ruddigore. This is why we're the premiere sound studies group.
+1 RT A wheat stalk contains 50X more #gluten today than 50yrs ago! Good thing there's gluten free Naked Pizza
Grrrrrroooovin to that nu-disco house groove by
please kill me I am giving you permission
Huge props to Ron on this presentation on Natural UI - he keeps thinking he's blowing thru, but he's nailing it - contagious passion
I miss Bennigan's in #ABQ. Used to get an awesome Monte Cristo Sandwich there and really good Beer-Battered Fish and Chips.
I'd LOVE that!
dinner sounds great on me do'nt u think
You can't go wrong with NYC gear. It's like dinosaurs, aliens & monkeys, No copyrights.
omg my birth day is in the 16
#HoodFebreezeScents baby mama drama
I dont wanna take a English final, I'd prefer a project. . . (Fingers Crossed)
Getting ready for some hockey with
Did you KNOW that public WiFi spots are seriously hazardous to your security? NOT a problem if you have :)
It makes sense to figure out what is under your control and focus on that. Right?
TRAFFIC - RR Arms down on Packers near International
RT : no but just got brand new bonavita brewer. Love it
YES! It is! It's all happening!
Id live off the grid for a year in another country, ive also wanted to attend the burning man festival too
Guess who's coming to tomorrow for Moscow Wednesdays? This shit hot rock band here.
i know it will be <3 just throw ya headphones on and leave the world in the dust
Clarksburg WV residents -- Sat Sept 4 @ 3:15pm Main Stage performance at the WVIHF --Make it our biggest crowd ever!
Feature film I was producing last year is back up and running. Yeah. So are several other projects. Summer looks busy.
This coffee is kind of dark, and did you notice the grains on the side?? I will have to take a few sips...yikes.
oh wow so where are you from? :)
#ICantStandPeople that make jokes about the deceased. Like seriously.. Um who's going to defend them
I mean like, how many of us are going to even get a chance to climb Mt. Everest ???
Is this your 3rd checkin? Hope u can redeem our 4sq offer! RT : I'm at The Tilted Kilt (310 10th Ave, at K St, San Diego)
Maybe it didn't pass our budget criteria. We're brining the biggest contingent yet.
good morning!! It's gonna be a gorgeous warm sunny day here in Texas!! I'll send ya some sunshine! lol
Rick Ross grunt rite now.... Y'all know. Sing along. Put on your fav Ross song...
Wow, so many new followers to welcome!! Thanks for the support :)
If just once .xls wouldn't do me wrong when exporting data...
can't wait to see with you tonight!! let's sneak back stage! ;)
ALL of the things that go down in the church and our community is the one that's constantly marginalized.
Today I choose to remember all the wonderful things Joe Paterno did for people while he was here. Rest in Peace, Joe.
Superbowl party!! :D
i have a feeling this box will hit a wall on turn 4.
On the way home
#Brewers fans, stir up some great memories by sharing ur favorite
Happy half-tau day.
Tonight's frisbee game though >>
RT : How's this, ? "Efficient policy interventions for an endogenous world."
My 6yr old wants to know when you will allow McDonalds to ditch the apples and bring back the fries in his Happy Meal
#1othingsaboutme; #5. My Idol is Katy Perry(:
followed! follow back?
Awesome work by all of tonight's dancers including , , , & !! Can't wait to do it again :-)
yes I have I love the song that one and anywhere but here are great songs
": This wind is trying to fight.. I see you dawg. #iseeyou"
No more microwave for me! Never again!!
We're celebrating #winewednesday, too, with $10 off all bottles, every Wed.
RT : "The Celtics! The Spurs! It's the NBA Finals on AB...Hey! Where are you going?!"
"Joe, the harpooser, an enormous 6-footer with a battered ugly face enters from right."- ILE
Please do.<21
It's confusing, certainly! Perhaps there's still inclusion work to be done... ;)
I hate opening my closet doors! Gotta pack this shit up tonight ughh.
what happen to the list you was suppose to be doing for me?
boot camp diet?
Waiting, and waiting and waiting.....
Just drove by Arlington National Cemetery and saw a touching sight -- all of the gravestones had a small Christmas wreath laid before it...
Oh yes.
Best Whiteland Baseball Player Award goes to (:
ha there's nothing better then planet earth! Especially when monkeys are on, I might have to go put the DVD in
Just bought my tickets for at the Hollywood Bowl!!! Can't wait!
I love community o man
What should I have for breakfest this morning Frosted Flakes, Froot Loops, Pops, or an Apple?
Only about 2% of smokers take advantage of phone counseling to get help quitting. We must improve the engagement rate
#NatinalBestFreindDay and and of course (:
We know it's NOT crying, drunk texting, or tweeting!
It's used 2003 Lexus RX300 (SUV). Bought it from the same family we got our dog from LOL.
Bleh the internet hates me. What is it?
let's go down town Friday I got the mula
Realizing I need more single friends or I need to give up my dreams of traveling.
Seen in the crowd Saturday night...Penny Marshall giving "Vince" a thumbs up...will Cindy Williams be next? Laverne and Shirley...
I recommend some polish dessert.
Welcome! What's your go-to Milwaukee restaurant?
A site like arts-humanities.net as a case study? (ie, a case study of a directory of things?)
ABDC7 starts today
Great to meet you as well! Hope to see you next week...
How many times does Nate McLouth have to hit before coaches and management catch on that he is done. Even his biggest fans know this now.
Everyone text: 678-836-4415 and figure out who it is.
Time for a day of recording! Can't wait to share our tunes with you folks
SOME GIRL IS SINGING BOYFRIEND .
forgot to mention she slept with two of my assailants... one less than a week before
I'm a Hobbit friend too. They're also filiming a production of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
Girls are so damn evil..!
#its2hot4that having the heating on full blast in the middle of summer
RT : Lots of discussion about & big theaters' responsibility to diversity. Started @ 3pm EDT, join in w/
does anyone know how can i put a gif as my icon????? help me :)
I'm so nervous for my interview tomorrow D:
Wow! He must have been eating his Wheaties. Kid couldn't get ball out of infield in Padres system
Remember. Don't sell yourself short.
I love my job though.
Love this. Wish I had a helper at my house! :)
I was supposed to be at THAT game. Unfortunately, I couldn't go to the make up game.
this weekend! Sign up now!
yeah yeah yeah. OMG TEACH EVE HOW TO SAY THAT
Keep it up
GRAND OPENING!! 1/2 off waterbike rides, FREE hot dogs, drinks and 25% off food and drinks at Khoury's Restaurant! Come eat and check us out
alright thanks! I hope I can be in it or get to! Huge fan of you all! TURN IT UP!!
Dude thats what I'm about to do
Rep. Brown = echo of
Thank you and for the RT!
Thank you to everyone who participated in Careers in Service to Others Week! Stay tuned for information on our Marketing/PR Week in March!
Let's all just go F some food real hard and not be ladylike about it
sounds like a plan
Miss you Dodger Stadium! I'm glad to see #BeastMode holdin' it down for us this year! LA is the place.
Were ready ! (: RT : getting it done this month. be ready guys!
Dumb ppl think you can be buy me off by cookies and cakes, really? That was probably poison, I gave it to the other ppl who work there.
I like Post's idea that it was a failure of Roman administrative law due to unrestrained discretion.
Childhood stress can affect your health later in life. Teach your children to breathe!
happy house at the mall torta :)!
Nappy Mcnap. Then school work all evening.
HUGE GOAL!!
Good observation. Wondered that too.
Awkward: any guy that receives a signed Jeter baseball gift from his girlfriend this Christmas. - Brian Noe ESPN 104.5 radio
Enjoyed the concerts, I love sully <3
yes we are lol!
can't wait to fuck with it too. Hope to get before summers is over.
Happy Friday Friends! Thanks for all your help to make this the best organization that it can be!
Are you saying you're in favor of Instagram's iOS first then Android model, or are you advocating iOS only?
I did
When will the meteor shower start????
Red Cat Red Cat is not an aphrodisiac. It WILL get you in the sack...especially if you drink a bottle of it. But only to pass out.
The big #book launch for our Diane Morlan's second #cozy #mystery #SHAKE DOWN DEAD is tomorrow at 4 pm at Kishwaukee Community College!
Woohoo! Excited to work w/ :) RT : Excellent meeting you! Excited to partner with you, too. More info to follow
QuickGifts will be giving away another $50 Dibbs card to a lucky winner. Like and share our page to win!
seriously tho, I feel like i can relate sometimes haha
When 1st read ur tweet mind said "roid-dude".Really piqued my interest in what talk was about.Figured it out (a few) sec later
I will pay for that one. Why do I feel the need to be a devious prankster?
oh its ok
if you come to my work I can give it to you. should I fill anything out for anything to highlight?
haha. I don't know. I don't think it's called that though. Lol
I'll be tuning in for sure! Thanks for giving me the time difference....hate figuring that out. ( :
For RT: What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies. ~ Aristotle
I'm sure your colleague will be thrilled by your hard work on tenure decision. Well, unless that was an April Fool's joke.
Today is looking up. I have an after work breeding session planned for my ass.
Curtis, you simply couldn't be grander, son.
me:"Oh no, this car is 4 feet tall, we're not gonna clear that overpass..." him:"Omg really?" #thebestfeelinginarelationship feeling smarter
wins #SanDiego #Imperial Chapter award for their contribution to #publicworks for the Tie Line 650 Underground project!
Thanks so much! Have a great night.
RT GET. ON. THE. SPORTING. FREIGHT. TRAIN. (got no followers, but I'm chugging on the freight train!)
In other words, while many titles included are in French, some are also in English.
Listening to #DaveMatthews while synthesizing my paper. Sometimes I forget how awesome he is & can't believe that I do!
I had a #cassette from The Karate Kid 2....best. cassette. ever. Love me some Peter Cetera.
good it's hot.
Badgers got Danny O'Brien from Maryland, 2nd transfer QB from the ACC in 2 years. Yesterday, they had only 2 healthy QBs.
yeah they make me want to sleep earlier and watch bad movies. got another review that says For Nothing reads like a movie
Guess what... our parents won't need to match any donations.
Ack! Two of my favorite product lines! Trader Joe's & Morning Star!
A good night's sleep always feels so great. When you awake, you've got exercise energy to create!
Day 4 question: is it the cleanse? or is it food poisoning?
Happy birthday to you!
Yo that fire! Big Spliff & Spitting Flames
Individuals Polled On &quot;Do You Think Blog Commenting is Still Effective in 2012?&quot;
Singapore bars opposition politician from leaving - Yahoo! Singapore News
Smiling at you doesn't mean I want to have sex with you. Smiling at you & saying "I want to have sex with you," does.
thanks for the continued support and shout outs. We really really appreciate it!
OH MY GOD YES LIKE EVERYTHING IS FUNNY WHEN HE'S DRUNK
Dave Grohl. You are the man. Right on brother.
Stalley on top
I was late too hope coffee isn't too stale
Art is an intrinsic part of science. Walker
I seen you rocking this watch at the cavs game last week. It's all black with diamonds on the crown. What the name of it ?
I need a skirt, and my mom won't take me!! Just great! 😡
Hahahahaha : anyone down to see the 11:30 showing of 'Inception' tonight?
And they already have an audience of almost 10,000 followers. RT : Wow...I'm surprised that is just now getting on Twitter.
"would someone get mad if I spanked you?" Would someone get mad if I ripped your dick off?
Congrats! Looking forward to working with the esteemed Dr. Croxall again.
Prepping for table read MON!! Can't wait for y'all to see it. May get some BTS for your viewing pleasure!
Roses are Red Derrick is too. Pease let me go to my first Bulls game with my girlfriend and you!
AFTERMATH OF SEXUAL ASSAULT – RAPE: GENITAL INJURIES - ...
Any tips for managing the OSX Downloads folder?
I'm watching Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday. Clay Aiken is the project manager. If his team wins, The National Inclusion Project gets money!
Booked for more shooting of #oddthomas gonna be a long day tomorrow
Nikki Rudd is at the arrest scene. I'm headed to Tops. Moral? U can run with long crab legs but u can't run from the long arms of the law.
Saying "dude." before you say something important.
I never thought approving jockstraps and steel balls would be a part of my job description!
- Aww poor Princess James misses another end of game shot! Mr Nonclutch
Remember its Spring forward time change your clocks, and replace the batteries in your smoke alarms this weekend.
CITIZENS: Peace, ho! let us hear him.
Dang, $250 in Mega Millions tickets. I want my money back!!! #why #shucks #I hope nobody won
Why am I trying to give, when no one gives me a try. Why am I dying to live, if I'm just living to die
RT : #WI Union Chant: Governor Walker is a jerk! Give us our paycheck even though we won't work!
Happy Birthday to Have a great day! Keep the nice weather coming, too!
Hey guys join me @ noon on 790 the ticket. 30 min show before the Marlins game. In honor of lots of MVP talk.
Thats typical New England weather. I feel your pain.
please please please do :)
Happy Mardi Gras...wishing I was there
Schools gunna suck tomorrow
Forget Selena. Forget Justin. Forget Jelena. Turn your iPod and listen to his music. Appreciate it. Not him. His music.
Call me later when you get home!
Art Is My Passion ! :)
It's Wild Card Wednesday! Come cheer on the Red Sox, Rays, Cardinals, or Braves! Only 2 teams can move on, who's it gonna be?
No John Sterling who does the radio always says that's a TEXT MESSAGE when Mark hits a homer. That's why I use it.
RT I dropped out of a SUNY school looking for a good journalism school in SoCal, and SDSU had one. Still does.
You totally made my night by following me! Have a wonderful Mother's Day! XOXO Ciao Bella!
Catch up fast, the tweets are live!
Thanks for dining with us and checking in. Hopefully you did the Yelp check in for a free glass of wine!
I'm just hittin my pinnacle you and pussy identical you like the fuckin finish line we can't wait to run into you.
Hi to all of my 549 followers (: loves you tweethearts <3
I'll be in the mix again tonight @ The Hangar! Drink specials all night!
is a real dude! Now that is how you react to a cheap shot head butt!
Happy mother's day #RVA !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!! :D
Chillin' out awhile before bed.
The happiest people don’t have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything they have.
I have a line on a buyer ... we're tracking her down ... will stay in touch today.
Talked 2 Wolf and Narwhalz yesterday on the 2G.
nope but I wish we could.
lol ... its been so long I forgot how to tie a tie ...
#diydays UI design for 1 Laptop Per Child: organized around metaphor of network of children rather than documents/office desk.
are you showing Red State don't see it in the program.
KU might not do this, but still a huge effort.
Have you found out the name of Wing-It Productions' mascot? Just one of the easy challenges of the scavenger hunt at the #b2bexpo!
Do you know of any types of Lilies that don't require a lot of sunlight?
finally!? Your man card just lost a couple points...
That's cool, we can keep playing this game.
I've found that in-house gigs almost always require that I wear more "hats" - where an agency looks more for one-hat specialists
Question from my boss that caught me totally off guard: "Have you used the urinal today?"
Ok, still looking at what can treat it. Like over the counter. Do they not have anything RX to treat or she wants 2 do this?
Sitting around a camp fire, eating smores & icecream & then a movie later, all with my family (Including Foster kids)
WARNING: Objects in mirror are fatter than they appear.
Everybody's waiting for you to break down. Everybody's watching, to see the fall out. Even when you're sleeping, keep your eyes open.
ME TOO<3 ahww well goodnight sweetdreams :) p.s. I love saying boo :> #twinziez haha.
#Food tip: Anything milk can do, half & half can do better! Cook it creamy!
Superbowl or Puppybowl...what will you be watching?
I'm sure it's a reflection of my "immaturity" but i HATE when a larger entity tells me what to do...I almost always tell them
I'm shocked that no one offered to kiss your bruise and make it better! If I was in LA I would.
With all these secret Super PAC's giving millions to candidates ....why are these tax free? TAX SUPER PAC's !!
Hey Emily, asked me to contact you about my new project called cellhelmet. We are at ctia. Love to meet up if possible.
Thanks, I will!
LA Dodgers in town staying at Ritz Carlton Pentagon City in Arlington, VA
Just got giftcard spam via Twitter. 'Tis the season?
I consider myself a VERY strong person. To go through the stuff i been through, but still make it out even stronger & be happy is amazing!!
Happy Valentine's Day - I got peanut butter in my chocolate. My fam gave me Reese's!!!
da fuk you mean you aint got my money yet mafugga - samuel l jackson voice
obsessively listening to for *___*
Facebook follow me if your a high roller in Mafia Wars. I play everyday!! Jolene Thornal
Twitter is abuzz today, whats the story with some update... <seeking info>
Hansel, he's so hot right now!
Be sure to also follow fellow Buck Ersan Ilyasova playing for Turkey. He's been a BEAST so far!
luv u too im on my way home
WHERE IS FEDEX AND WHEREIS MY PHONE!!!!! >:(
Hello to all.
We'll be placing an order soon! Can't wait to try the new ones!
trying to contact you re a song u did with my client. pls see my friend request on facebook.
"better keep yourself clean and bright, you are the window through which you see your world."♥
I'm loving these unlimited data commercials!
Don't forget that the 1st 100 ppl 's Education Fiesta tom get FREE shirts & entrance to the home soccer games!
I was too busy reminiscing. But I'll be out in another 2 minutes haha
I haven't found a good use for it yet, but maybe I'm not their target demo?
Preparing for my last ALA Executive Board conference call.
I like to pair chocolate with whiskey
Been waiting for you. You were just enjoying the scenery on the way! ; )
i already know they aren't gonna tweet me.... bahahah
Def wear the glasses
Hi TJ! Do you go by your initials or is that your your twitter handle du jour:) Welcome aboard #TeamNimble !
I feel so uncomfortable in school its not even funny i hate that place i feel so damn judged there :(
Thanks for the fav
Watching #Heat vs. #Sixers followed by #Knicks vs. #Celtics. EPIC comeback by #Blazers yesterday! Love it!
imma miss you my dude
Happy to join you on Twitter and to be a part of your magazine!
#ImagineMahone you and Austin having a snow ball fight he hits you on the side of your face by accident he rushes over and kisses it better
I can't seem to multitask. #Brewers have 100% of my attention.
A real friend in time of need. >
Yes <3333 Haha my name is Ellie, 16 turning 17 this May, from Portland Oregon but Seattle is like my second home :)
This is a long case
National Grilled Cheese Day ..., really?
Just like his mama smart boy! That looks fantastic!!!! M
“: Great presentation at #TechInMotionPhilly from !”
I love when your cold and put your clothes in the dryer and put them back on.
Knock it out if the park Miss Broadcaster!
#ThingsGhettoPeopleDo: rob hardworking people of their hard earned money aka ridiculous taxes I have to pay to support them n their babies
I really wish I had the energy to straighten my hair.
Graduation practice :D
I an pretty sure that UMD has something against English speaking TAs
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. - Jim Rohn
Can't wait till #Mitt & #KarlRove superpac start hitting #obama2012 & #clooney for raising too much $$$. #p2 "It's the hypocrisy, stupid."
Can i possibly be in love with being me as a famous singer songwriter for a very long time or can i just be me as a crime scene investigator
HotInSantaFe thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
So there's this boy. And he thinks i'm beautiful. And i think he's amazing.
good luck in the sprints cup season hope you do good i will have my eyes on you timmy
I don't feel good!!! Ugh
Watching the #Pens. One more game, right now.
OCTOBER 14!!!*dances*
Still got love for I would've took that shot too. Tough shot. Get them in game 3 at Staples. Protect your house!
To quote one of the local jazz dj "be good to yourself" and buy Esperanza Spalding "Radio Music Society" cd. Talk about hot; this is it!!
Dude, I've got my best of the best science fiction short stories out and ready to go! Must. Be. Prepared.
Hermain Cain a Black White Supremist you be the Judge The Real Tea Party - GOP Agenda Put a Black Face to their Beliefs
Do I watch Hobo with a Shotgun or 13 Assassins? They're both on Netflix Instant...
how did that remind you of me?!?
Awesome news. Congratulations, Tim.
Now Obama Administration is preventing Christian prayers at funerals of soldiers killed in action. Just WRONG.
I find your take on the addition of Mizzou interesting…and a little full of it. yes, they went down, but damn.
Foxy's in Port Washington tonight !!!!!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Anytime cupcake❤❤
Hey checked out the truck recently. Loved it. Ever consider a marketing video? We make them and are based in SF.
I have never been so stoned in my life. I can't keep my eyes open, can't talk, take forever to type, can't walk. But still feeling good (:
I thought you should know I ate the last Oreo Funstick.
Did you get out of that meeting yet?
I was full of doubts and you believed
Text me
Go #Patriots!!!
Never- your knowledge of the devine outer planetary truths w/in our solar system are only matched by your physics club cred
YAY JUST DON'T PISS ME OFF
I would support you if you decide to blackout all day
Pizza. Not, I wish.
Why one career teacher, a"lifelong Democrat," hates the recall campaign against Scott Walker. California lessons learned. More tonight in WR
is that true thou :b just being curiousgeorge lol
All those pregnant women!
#blackbabynames trend is racist
which space is that? Very nice.
“: Jurors: Balfour guilty on all counts in killings of #Jennifer_Hudson mother, brother, nephew ” justice is served
lol idk.. I might get sick of drawing soon (like I do with everything else) but hey it's been a year so that's a good sign!
Can it just be summer break already... please.
Thank you! Sunny San Diego is not so sunny right now! Visit me anytime here! :)
i hate this fricken weather fog is no good when you're driving =[
Tip #86: In order to become better at poker we MUST continue to grow our minds. Play thinking games other than poker.
free the squares!
maybe we'll set up a call soon :)
thanks for the shout out!
Gig-of-the-Day for Friday, April 27 - An Evening of Jazz Blue Springs High School PAC, 8:00 pm
did you pay for streaming access?
Happy Labor Day to all of our Facebook fans!
is that why you yell, "Oh God! Oh God!"?
Is it true you and Demi have " thing " ?
That was surely a game to remember!
Its raining but is bringing greece to the red carpet!Goddess inspired hair,asymmetrical dress,&clean makeup w/ lashes that pop
I know right! We have to give our best. Ever!
If you know you can't be with someone and you care for them,let them go
Yeah, sounds good to me. I'm not doing anything so I don't see why not, I haven't seen you in such a long time.
#pdaebook "short term loan is the key to cost control" - Way
It should be around 1:30. Call ahead if you are getting in late. Kitchen is open until 1 am.
I've been at work an hour and a half and I feel like killing someone. Maybe will be a dear and let me vent!
YOU GOOD MA!!! LOL
I'll trade my first born child for tickets to Austin show. Any takers?
it's fine. It ticks me off to, but I just don't think it's right to post that kinda stuff where anyone at school could see it.
If your sorry say so. If your wrong admit it! Free yourself!
we'll be there for 10th anniversary tomorrow! Yummers.
yeah u bird go eat some bread crumbs u stupid hoe
I'm planning on it. :)
Shooting 2 Promos this weekend FEAR and PAIN! :)
Fringe “: I'm looking for Alexandre Daigle and Bobby Sanguinetti to have huge games tonight in an alternate universe.”
Thanks for the sweet review and hot shots!
awww have fun lucie get a nice #bronze for me
So excited to #FHBO tomorrow
Almost done .. Almost done
Needed to use old-school command line FTP today. Whoa, those neurons hadn't fired in a while.
#Shoutout to thanks for the
Free Blog Site tend to look cheap. What would be another way to establish an online coaching location or forum?
Right!! RT : hell yea illest bitch alive. like wth wale is this supposed 2b an inspiring song?
two more hours til new years ! 2012:)
well thank the lord you tweets are on privet so no one can see this
it's 5 o clock somewhere!?
#ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL "uh uh she's about to be unfollowed"
yea what's wrong w/ the files ?
Just took a bus from Ellis Island to New Jersey. I didn't realize that was possible.
do i still have to take my boots off at the airport?
Jeff, I'm concerned you've gone soft ever since I left. Was I the source of your angst?
Need to get FUCKED up soon.
Aren't you glad you read that three page NYT piece on Apple this weekend?
Lemme take my ass to TESSA!! I hate mondays
Just got some cool boys iron man underwear from #superfan. My son is going to get a kick out of them.
Lmao! I concur!
I so get that...happy to help!
my moms a new fan of yours. Lol, she loves you.
Nadink Kozak joins UW-Milwaukee School of Information Studies as 2011-2012 Postdoctoral Fellow in Information Policy
I love hanging out with you too!:) today is Sunday!! I'm already nervous!!
Glenbard libraries to allocate half of acquisition budget to Overdrive.
Working again today, they are going to have clean windows, do you?
I'm actually gonna party in a bit. Sleep over at house you down? Haha
Men can not be raped by women and if they say that they did...they are not men.
Who goes and gets piercings and tattoos with their parents...I know I wouldn't!
#YouKnowYouAtPalo when the lesbian-looking lady takes your phone and iPod. -__-
Waiting to see THE UGLY TRUTH. Critics hate it. Tweeters like it a lot more. We'll see.
I love football. But watching filthy rich team owners cheer in the box after a win is not why I am a fan. That said, Nice job, Giants!
.Mittens-another white male if privilege trying to please the father figure myth! So disturbed & disturbing!
It is very difficult to leave a man as fantastic as at the crib to go work for 6 hrs on my bday!!
accomplishing your goal has to be as natural as eating and sleeping to you....
kk let me know
yes! i snatched it up immediately after the vib email! it's all so summery & scrumptious! the *best* vday present of all! :)
You know you're tired when you wake up and are already planning on what time you are gonna take a nap
Sixers gotta come stronger that. SMH
After seeing the Mile2 CSWAE exam questions one wonders if they know what QA is. Questions repeated, 3 identical answer choices, etc
hay got 2 log out and miss u already now so by see u at night
Romney & Santorum are pretty much tied in the Ohio polls. Who do you think is going to take Ohio tomorrow?
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the library. I believe I will.
Just saying :)
I'm thinking your "no comment" is its own comment. :)
Niece of St. Paul couple who died in an early am fire says Peter Michalek tried to save his wife Maureen but neither could make it out.
cum for it!
Take one step to freedom and it will take two steps toward you- The nightwatchmen
aw man wea u at doe fool i c ya dropped out of school didnt ya
hahha, truue dat. but i thought it was cute to see, basiclly, a guy version of jess. c:
Tonight come join me @ the legroom for wild wednesdays! Beats and drinks flow til 4am!
I HOPE SO!
#10ThingsYouCouldDoForMe Go to my room, get my phone so I can call someone who gives a fuck
Ghost Adventures!(:
When I talk to people,I'am amazed at the lack of Kownledge,closemindedness,Thanks GOD this is only about 40 %
Blake was harassing me so hard today omg
wats the theme for tomorrow
Can't miss the NLD booth at #TED - it's the crazy one with six computers, two screens, and an ecosystem...and that's not all...
it's supposed to be " I'm eatting a doughnut"
Working on my base tan
would be much more useful if missing contact details were completed by learning from others.
YES! #Cataloging & #metadata Invaluable for anyone interested in tech services, archives, digital librarianship
Does it mean I am an addict if I look at specific food and think "The hunger games?"
#youcan'tdateme if you don't appreciate how beautiful i am!! ;)<3
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU
"You can do anything you set your mind to" "Never say never" "Don't let it get you down"
Just got back a few hours ago.
Drew looks exhausted.... Keep working big fella.
#LSCON False Evidence Appearing Real.. What do you FEAR?
Clippers benchmob making it happen.
RT : Hey #SoFla – tell us why YOU need to chill out and use the #SoFlaChill hashtag. You may win a #CherryBerryChiller priz ...
Told the $100 Tommy Bolt story to a co-worker.
haha nice, and cool ill see you there.
Please PLEASE follow me I followed your lil bro too!! :o)
All this technology makes it easier to keep in touch, but so much harder to truly connect
#YouCuteAndAllBut I don't want to go with you
ERIKA baby I'm goin to Australia to get u to save u and get u away from Kevin. I dont want u hurt :'(
Work At Home $97/hr $87/hr Part-Time Job Openings. Apply Today, Get Hired Tomorrow!
thanks! “: Don't forget about Happy Hour on Jan. 16th! Email fore more info. #goBR”
Wasn't usab. testing. Was a survey (~120 respondents) and about 20 phone interviews. Quite rigorous.
What industry are you in?
Don't you dare fuck this up Indy
Thx 2 , I've expanded fundings into new city in WA State. Look out Twisp, you're bout 2 meet a killer mortgage crew frm Seattle
I pretend to not care but actually its killing me inside </3
bck to ga
I'm just going to ring in early and say this is tied for tonight's worst performance.
ahh, okay! Melissa will i'm with her!
Don't you mean "fan?" RT And Dallas fans slump in front of their TVs as Quick beats Korpikoski
if you wanna!! can you go??!?!?! i need to know asap
My boyfriend makes me so angry sometimes. 
thank you! Can we find each other at reception tonight?
Excellent! THE HAIRY APE gets better, for me, every time I read it.
maybe she wont but then again maybe she will. . .
Is 'sili' and option for more than one silo? Probably have to look in multiple disconnected places for the answer
I'm deleting my account soon
Im done with the wholebworl, i been mad this whole day i tired of my school, ticketmaster, and my parents
Laser's for Best Album of the Year
I would hate to think I gave myself to the wrong person that didn't deserve me.
this is a side attack while the cubs swoop in and sign prince & we won't even notice...sharp kick 2 the groin
we need to go to my locker and remember
chasing dreams, sort of like dreams boy I ain't slacking.
Lol you suck
Let's be honest, spelling lazer with a Z is much cooler than with an S.
thanks for the shout out on the candy demo and recipe. Hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
RT : Is it wrong that I'm looking forward to yet another social networking site ()? I just wanna spoon with everyone
I knew someone would get it
You are just smart, hope you are having fun with it, let me know if you have questions :)
Smithsonian Visiting Scholars Gregorio Luke and Emily Keys will host a reception tomorrow, 7:30 at KCT Board Room Station Kansas City
Start light, keep it funny. This is an oppty to bring this often overlooked/taboo genre to light.
I will take a look and you may be right, but that would make sense with need to get back on track for another season.
“If you do not know Jesus, none of your sins are forgiven. #ICareEnoughToTellYou”
Two things make straight men look gay. Spiders and skinny jeans.
For love I'd do anything, for you. . I'd do more<3
I got soul, but I'm not a soldier
thank you for the mention!
Wow another own-goal in the playoffs for the Sharks!
can't wait to see you all! We'll stock the vino for ya
Look people Bieber and Mayweather = Cotto wins
could you please send us more info? We'd like to get this straight. You can email me at thanks -Jill Ryan,
Sat 6/23, ALL AGES/21+ to drink show available venue. Double V is Looking for pop/rock/alt/indie/modern rock bands looking to perform
> Keep Us Posted for sure, We Look forward to your business
We want to know: what's your favorite type of massage at Massage Envy?
I might sound like a noob, but I'm obsessed with swamp people. #BESTTVSHOWEVER :D
Word of the day — Klangfarbenmelodie: altering the tone color of a single note or musical line by changing from one instrument to another.
Carbon Electronics: Can We Foot The Bill? - Forbes
hey sweetie! Great cover! How are things going in LA? Dex will be back next month and I'll be out there for a few weeks. 😊
it is a pleasure to find you in the ether, as the old school philosophers would put it. Just acquired your Opened Ground!
who do you want ? (:
Richard Siskey – thankful for good friends today.
I think we would :) RT : if i stopped tweeting would you miss me?
I'll sell my house.
Jeff. Like. Mirror image. It was SCARY.
Heading to Samovar to meet up w/ first (and best!) Mrktng Asst I had -- lost her to but always glad we stayed in touch!
Congrat's To All The Senior's!!!!!
Haha, thanks :) RT saves the day again by hunting down our search issue. Search away and thank the code elders!
Loljk found the syllabus.
I want make u feel like the only girl in the world♥
sounds good. Especially interested in a good dinner spot for Saturday, and a place to watch Linsanity in Harvard sq Sunday...
It would be the Manhattan House apt of Mrs. William F. Wund. Never seen the article, would love to see it!
im done done done
On my way to work!!
Not leaving my laptop till tweets again.
Somewhere out there, someone's grandma's recipe for dill bread reads "... allow dill dough to rise".
hehe ya!!:p
What are YOU doing to make things in this world better?
Slower run/walk.. I just finished a 4.16 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Are three people on #Segways considered a gang?
do you know if gopher hoops is being broadcast online?
Really, all Windows users should dual boot with #Linux just to be able to delete what they want off their drives. Or heck, just switch.
by 'him' I meant your cock, but you're right ;)
I forgot what it was like to go out. Kind of want to do it again. Oh boy.
OMG. 32 speakers on animal control issue... More coffee...
Trying to have a new view on my changing life. Going on 2 yrs of changes. Im growing & learning from it & keeping my faith in God. Goodnite.
Hey fuckk you !! Im from phoenix hoe!!
Is WaPo helping BHO create another distraction? Let's go back to talking jobs & economy, please!
Love u Sunshine!
Youth Prayer! Tonight at 6:30pm. EVERYONE welcome.
*smh* ugly start for the
If a company asks for a RT, do you do it? (Not for a contest.) Or do you find it tacky?
The neighbor's sewer pipe is broken again and a gusher of turds are flowing down the hill by my office.
man I heard it.
plz follow for me
Gonna sit back wit my bottle of vodka and think about wat imma do different this year....and i wish you were with me right now...
Absolutely. Knowledge is moving at a more rapid pace. Good luck with your work!
You make me sing like a guitar humming. - Neil Diamond song
do you have a chance to record this? I need a copy of this!! I was there when I was seven years old
I sure would love a DIAMOND RUBY movie to take advantage of the new Golden Age! :-)
good morning #Bestie:-) headng to work now. Went to bed early lastnite, hope u have a good day!!
m bread!
Just a sad, sad day
"Someone" is looking through their 4th HOT ROD magazine of the day. No telling who that could be....
Damn at least ask if you are goin to bring someone to my house and on top of that an asshole who doesn't pass the blunt.
I also think it would be cool to see all the superhero films at the drafthouse
yes please! I can do lunch on Sunday if you want??
I can use Twitter ROGHT NOW! Raaaaaaa w/
early bird gets the mixtape
Snuck cinnamon into the rice krispies treats....is it health food now?
Man I love this Iowa State team.
ReText " nah, i have my third chew of the day in right now since i finished my Monster and had some leftover quiznos"
well now there bears awesome ones and i have 4 :D lmaooo soo how bout them gas prices? (.-.)
Just heard 2 NEW demos! w/ #WEDOINWORK! Side Note: The G rated version of Damn Straight is Darn Toot'n
better than the people I deal with normally
Larry Legend hands down!!!
Any ideas where to go when I visit Minneapolis next week?
bet idk I might hit that joint. Or I might be in the studio all day
Running into Crew players at the bar and they recognize us as "those girls"
TY FF Jamie, your blog looks most funsy. Love exotic locales, chocolate and the color red! Looking forward.
Just got my swag in the mail. Thanks !
hahaha classic, you should wake her up i'm sure she'd like to hear
This is Chad: Love all the moves the birds are making! I'm sure Quimby will have a lot to say in this week's email!
If you own a car, and then hire someone to drive you around in said car, it's time to pay more taxes.
RT : Mitt Romney hires a consultant to help him appear genuine. Now think about that. Take all the time you need.
With his influence, there would be no stoppin us.
Ugh his bodies so hott why does his face have to be ugly ! Wah 😒
this kid: is ATTRACTIVE. AMAZING SINGER. INSPIRATION. FUNNY. SWEET. CUTE. ADORABLE. And so much more!
Traffic cameras never stood a chance here in L.A., because people get plastic surgery and change their faces all the time.,
Let's go
Enjoying a look at Tarantino's new script, Django Unchained. #Thankfultohavefriendswhoareagents and who pass us first drafts on the sly
oh yes lets! CD release Party is about sold-out for Whew. Even got on Art Beat WAMU 2day. thnx 4 grt advice.
you should give and I our own tv show :) everyone would watch us!!! We're gay and hot :) and funny as ever!!
It's rare when my #6amclub and yours are actually happening at the same time! Welcome to EST :)
Arms destroyed after carrying bound stacks of issues around campus
Haha yeah, we just planted our garden yesterday, hope the plants don't die!!
… Followed Back !
When J. Cole made In The Morning, he must have forgot about morning breath.
oh didn't see the other tweet. Congrats!
Back at ya:) RT : good to see you there today! Looking forward to coffee in a few weeks at the Harvard Sq. store!
I want that too :'(
": A #Libra's smile will charm your pants off.".... Its gonna be a lot of half naked chicks walking around today
Thank you for support. Go Kings!
#Cleveland must find a superintendent of schools that is willing to stay.
Thats awesome, now I wish I still owned a record player. Probably have 2 go 2 an antique shop 2 get 1
the best one i've contacted to is "I still data"
& hydro always wants to bring up how I always have thirsty niggas all on twitter. YET he's a thirsty nigga.
It takes a lot more than food for a woman to get to my heart. I still like one that cooks though.lol
TGIF!! SHOUT OUT to all my new twiiter fans, YT subs, reverb fans and facebook friends LUV YA, have a great weekend
But -- the "BEST" talk show hosts do ban people from their shows!
“: A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions. - Confucius” LESS talking & MORE doing! Love it! :D
3-8" inches of snow forecast for tomorrow? This kind of came out of nowhere. Usually the weathermen are giddy for days.
u no jaden smith bday today *sexy*
Thanks for the RT!
Sound Designing our New Video which should be up Monday :) New Article on How To Get A Name Actor will be up later today!!
Whether he was joking or not, it still struck a nerve...
Please bring Lady Phoenix back :( Can you girls do a cd with you, Diana and Kasey? She told me she wants to do a comeback!
Deciding whether or not to lay out & read Hunger Games OR be productive with school
Dreams = crushed
this sounds AWESOME! Sharing this and will encourage my ladybugs to give it a try too!
I spent the whole bus ride making a little origami trophy after my expected hwf victory.
Has anything more adversely affected the soulfulness of jazz music than the advent and use of the fake book?
Going to get ready to meet up with a friend and try to have a good time. Miss Mother may she
thank you for following me .
FACEBOOK ME AND SHO SUM LOVE AND BE RECONIZE AND PEEP THA MUSIK PAGE
But Sherlock is on in 15 minutes, and a scotch on the rocks will help with these allergies. Couldn't hurt, anyway.
guess what I'm doing right now?
You got a picture of an Arabian!!
you know what city has the most demands?!?! CHICAGO! :D i think it's time for you to come here(;
On to the #Browns mock at No. 4....Trent Richardson or Justin Blackmon or Ryan Tannehill.
lol where your sneaks at sir vans fiend?
how often do they clean the Toyota in left field? Looks like its waxed everyday.
The lack of repsect UL is getting from the national media is amazing. I don't think anybody except the Dolphin at the zoo has picked UL.
This is definitely not Miller Time tonight. Shaky
I would wish Austin good luck at playlist live but I already know he's gonna do great!(:
Thank you Geraldo for apologizing! We don't need to change our clothes, we need to change our minds/
Happy Easter from the txt4health team! For free diet & exercise tips, text HEALTH to 300400.
How old is your youngest fan? My 4 year old niece is crazy about you I know what to buy for her bday anything Justin bieber.
Haven't posted a blog entry in awhile. I need to pick it up! Posting one tomorrow.
#nw The Tourist..cuddling and going to sleep:-)
There he goes again, Sparks keeps talking about "trust" and "truth"
I can't handle another loss tonight, LAkers. Do some damage, please.
I am seriously craving Edy's Black Cherry Vanilla frozen yogurt.
If I'm louder, would you see me? Would you lay down in my arms and rescue me? #NP Moments
Best you never had </3
Ireland Rolls Out the Red Carpet for Tech’s Elite [PHOTOS]
Update: to be in the July issue of on sale June 7th.
She gnna play you bro #factRT : I'm hungry, hurry up &amp; get off !!!!
The next few weeks of teaching are all #modernism all of the time.
RT Everyone has an opinion. All that really matters is are you being you.
I feel yu
Enjoying a day =]
is packed today for lunch. I saw Mayor Brown, Dr Wayne Wood and many others. Make your dinner reservations for #artwalkjax now.
Sneaky half court line strikes....oopsie
All I want for my birthday are tickets and a kitten😊
Its awesome to continue a tradition of great movies on the anniversary of meeting Keep it up Marvel! 2 years & counting!! :D
What happened to the cold?
Volunteer tutors will be here soon to help our students for the semester - and they might be more excited than the kids!
Yes it was.
Hey, question... Are the Chargers looking at a potential blackout this wknd, or is the Seau ceremony helping? If u know...
Listening to on 105.5 and loving' it!!! Thanks!!
omg i might have to!
#iWishANiggaWould Snatch Something Off My Tray At Lunch
Having a RT contest tomorrow for free admit/lunch to next month's event. Thanks for leading the charge!
Somebody go get Wade's wheelchair.
Our equipment and software is mobile - use it anywhere outside your office, city, state or country. Fast easy to use cloud software.
Yes, but today isn't happening. Tomorrow afternoon?
fucking TNT and their shitty broadcasting
Is My Hero, If I Ever Met Him I Think I Would Die Of A Massive Heart Attack. :)
Thanks! We love to hear from our neighbors. Feel free to send us feedback at any time.
Been to the mall lately? Is there a conspiracy by fashion designers to make all women look like Gypsy fortunetellers?
Sox strand a pair in bottom of 1st at Fenway. No score. Skies brightening, stands filling in after lethargic 4:07pm start.
Am I too transparently liberal if I tweet that I'm proud my 7-year old son doesn't care that his little league team lost 15-0 last night?
Shrimp Po Boy at oh yeah I'm so coming back
#SLV with the upper hand after a shocking start. Honduras wobbling just a bit at the back.
Thanks man, that was for the Howard Stearn Show.
no prob it's all cool
everything!!! rappers, singers, producers....
Men and their balls > Men and their facial hair
Thanks ! We hope you like it!
Jeffries is such a bum omg
The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. - Einstein
deep breaths....
Neighbors, you do know it's 7/10, right? Unless you plan to celebrate Bastille Day with fireworks, it's time to kill the explosives, mmkay?
Can't wait for next weekend, Dollywood with Daniel :)
A big thank you to Sen.Steans from GROW47 and the 47th ward for allocating $200k in state capital towards McPherson Elementary!
Thanks to the seven people who followed us today! I truly appreciate you're support. Be well, Ryan.
Here come the #Patriots again at No. 31. Thinking it will be Whitney Mercilus or Courtney Upshaw or Harrison Smith.
RT WhateverTheyCallItNow Stadium in Miami is filled with empty seats. // What DO they call it not?
People that follow me should know how I get during Laker games, especially during playoffs.
Reading: Parenti Soft Cage, Teaching tmrw: drones/privacy; Angela Davis' Are Prisons Obsolete?
austin retweeted my tweet =)
GOOGLE PLAY STORE sounds like a place you drop special-needs kids off at so you can run errands. ANDROID MARKET just sounds better:)
New song "Bury You In The Ground" by thanks for the video.
yes, me too! Guess I have to plan a trip to Chicago :-) have not been there for a while! Have a good flight home!
Angela Baker and my Obsession With Fire has and always will be my favorite song since 6th grade
Why is it only tuesday.
I am very glad of that. If Obama 'fought' the way you want, he couldn't have been a community organizer. He can't B naive.
Diets are just not my thangs lol
Let someone in front of you in traffic: pay it forward bitch!
« Bitches be ratchet.» dammn right!
Looking for a good opportunity to leave this Lit class cause she already took attendance and we did our quiz.
oh fun! :) ill pass it around
Xciting stuff now!
I know how you feel Coach!!! I know how you feel!
I fucking love that song.
don't make me walk 10 blocks and I will
Really, really trying to get into Downtown Abbey. I wanna love it but I think I may have missed the boat on this one.
Thats what Colts fans said a year ago about Peyton RT : But I don't see Joe getting injured he usually plays through the pain
Tonight I was given permission to watch any horror movie I want.
I'm just thinking about all the laundry as I do mine for 3 kids... how do you launder for 20?
I promise I'm being haunted!
Me too! My engines feels amazing! Haha (:
how'd it go today?
<3 #ShakeItRecords, but there r tiny record stores in Cincy/KY that mostly sell vinyl & finding them is half the fun :)
the most down to earth "celeb" I had the pleasure of working with at Paramount was #fishfilet her husband is the shit
NO I AM NOT UR CUZIN WTF OK GAVE ME ANTHOR ONE
thanks for the follow! If you or a client needs a new mattress or new furniture please let us know!
wassup fat head?
good question. As it my new computer for my new job I have yet to watch any video on it. I will have to test and get back to ya.
: I've had a few of those. Do you have a link on where to report them?
Thanks for the happy birthday!! :)
If you had to take a cross-country road trip with any president ever, who would you choose?
Latest Uncanny by made me finally see the deeper issue at stake in AvX beyond It's A Really Big Fight. Neat. - DvL
On lake #superior with Cold but worth checking this out.
He's learning well from Cal. RT : "The best job in the country to have," Mitchell says of being head coach at UK.
I love Allison.
RT : Watch how u spoil somebody it'll always bite u in the ass
A full hour of science before going to lunch. Smh
Great to be home in the gloomy chi!
whats your number ;)
Call Of Duty: Black Ops Hits $1 Billion In Sales - Holy Mother of God
We are so proud of you and OUR Hoosiers
Another goal off a rebound. Seguin scores up front. Lucic kept that shift alive.
"I'm paraphrasing..." LOL. You definitely got the gist of that quote right. I love Alice and her rants, then the Hi Fred!
If your underage, don't fret, just remember our motto "what happens in here, stays in here" haha!
Make the Call. Don't Miss a Beat. Campaign kickoff tonight!
I love it when it rains and when a storm forms. Quite amazing!
I bought my domain yesterday & am working on a site. Its fun although my coding skills are nonexistent, so it will be pretty basic to begin
I just made a preloader for a non-flash website... it feels weird... i'm not sure why.
Forgetting Is the Better Part of Remembering: The Mark Huntsman Story
Peter #Drucker midweek idea: "There usually are more good ideas in even the stodgiest organization than can possibly be exploited."
I'm not...and it is.": RT : If you're choosing to not use headlights in this fog, I'm to assume your car is parked."
Thanks for following us! I hope y'all have a great day.
Good morning lovely :) RT : good morning pretty lady
Well that was considerably easier the 2nd time around...
Dr. Strangle love is the midnight movie the weekend at the Egyptian... #tallcans and
The Street Advocate by Cole Hart is available for free. Retweet to support the youths.
Why does every black pastor know how to sing??
Free Life Coaching Classes w. starting 2/22, 2-5pm @ our Employment Center! 2 Slots left. Special thanks to Sharon Y. Brown!
I miss the days before Bristol Palin. B.B.P.
not enough profane words in the English language, gotta become bilingual
I don't understand anymore..
The funny thing about that little white speck on the top of chicken shit. That little white speck is chicken shit too.
by head, I totally meant hear!
Get here early this weekend, reservations are still open! Booking up fast!
In 1961, Cuban leader Fidel Castro offered to release prisoners captured in the Bay of Pigs invasion in exchange for 500 bulldozers.
Hopefully they'll be better for it. RT : The Flyers deserve every single second of this.
How you been? #Follow back
Know anywhere good for Juleps on Cinco de Derby Day?
RT : "Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control." Unknown ♥
The last song was written by a Syrian wedding musician - and the next love song comes from Sweden.
please tell me it was a junior high team..
To have the Love of Christ, is to love a stranger! Don't you ever forget that!!!
See you in Orlando at the #Global Pet Expo!
Amen Amy! My motto is Relationship + Networking = Success
It's Sultry Saturday inside Tabu Lounge downtown San Antonio! Get here early!
Guess I should go ahead and do something with this day.
I miss all my INGLEWOOD NIGGAS retweer in you a real wood nigga
yeah...we're ALL feeling them. ;) RT : guys. i haven't baked in a week and a half.
The research focused on what drove people to give, what were key influencers, and how can orgs reach out.
We chose your entry to win 2 VIP seats! Just tell us your full name and the spots will be reserved for you!
Who wants to see Hopes High in Nashville May 20th?
www.designkindle.com is coming soon. Lots of free web design files on the way, plus a massive prelaunch giveway. Follow
Timeline today: Bears - Draft, Badgers - Spring Game and Bulls - playoffs and D rose injury
hm. I created a custom field key (affiliation) with value, but you're right, anything can go wrong! Also not sure exactly +
Love the name. But fans hype these kids way too much. Ex: Xavier Harris. Fans called him "Xavier the Savior." Look him up.
are you gonna re upload Mistletoe? Because that was thee best video of you!(: And of course my favorite<333
have fun at your beer thing tomorrow!
absolutely very glad to share. has a fantastic business blog! A must read IMHO.
did u see that 5 out of first 8 players drafted in MLS draft came from Univ of Akron? NFL draft ever been like that?
Thanks WICR 88.7 FM for broadcasting my recording of Green Dolphin Street this weekend! Aloha Indianapolis!
I think I've decided I don't want a birthday this year.
Crome to ya some till u get lock jaw
The naples long is in the house!
what ever floats your boat
JOB: Smith leaves job openings up longer to show students what has been available in the past, and what might be available in the future.
Happy thanksgiving!
can't figure out what i'm more in love with--pita chips or screaming females
Listening to Mozart's Requiem as I finish my last college assignment…hmm…I can't decide if this is appropriate.
Senior year is so expensive -$$
It kills me to hear/see my bestfriends cry :(
“: #UFF Warning: Pick it up! You're not posting like when I followed you!” // wow. Work happens UF. I did.
ANYONE GOT UVIP TO SEATTLE SHOW?
I bet the dude from temple run has strong legs :P
Amazing day here in Vegas, inspired by the B2T crew young leaders today! Honored to have been a part of this-Thank you
like since when do we reward treachery with tax breaks? omg.
Share them with us, too! RT : Have a Valentine's Day craft to share? Share it here and check out some other great #crafts!
Something is wrong with our local basketball teams this week. Let's serve 'em some sliders & get the ball rolling!
On my way to rehearsal, yourself?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!
Aahhh ... I heard it wrong. I thought it was already legal. My bad.
what to do tonight?
jet lag?
Please take good care of We'd like him back next season.
Are you local? You can come in and ask for Kevin.
Hm...Tom Collins sounds intriguing. Definitely in a punchy mood.
I just finished taking a shower, gonna eat lunch in a while.
Okay people calling me... Thanks for the tip girls!
let us know how we do!
Great job and many thanks to all those behind the scenes today at
Can someone do themselves a favor and follow That is all. You may resume.
I should but no, I didn't get tickets. Need a date? Lol
That's cool! Hope you score big!
Hey Thanks for watchin. CRAZY DAY TODAY.
People at our school make some dumb videos.
Does anybody pay attention to what's going on in night class?
6 People facing charges for allegedly making meth in an apt. laundry room in Boscobel
so I shouldn't have even read that
Really, you don't like Faith No More?!
Did anyone miss anything important because of Daylight Savings?
WHAT?!!? lol RT : Oh God Little Jon is back haha
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain. -Bob Marley ♥
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !!! U WONT BE DISAPOINTED OR BORED!!
hahhaahhaa but you guys are playing like you dont know its the playoffs. How is mike miller and mario chalmers making plays?
I think this is the longest I've gone without chipping my nail polish
eww listening 2 mamma mia film soundtrack.y did they let so many bad singers on. saw it twice on stage so movies bit disappointing.
Does anyone like sending cards? I'm giving away a gift account to anyone who wants them.
R.I.P Micheal cook you will be missed but NEVER forgotten :(
reading a good book.
hey how was ur sunday?? (:
Peter Griffin > Blake Griffin
Iannetta's option can be voided by Chris; trade triggered language
You still up? Calling you now...
uh you don't have to have Facebook to have Spotify
Can't, I don't live in city of SD.
My pleasure. I hope you're well.
Mountain pose is an affirmation. You can conquer anything with your natural boldness and resolute strength. Terri Guillemets
Good question! Can I start in Newark with wine by the river and then disapparate (Like H. Potter!) to Emmendingen for dinner?
love the book!
Really in a bad mood. Somebody save me from this disaster.
At the airport
Quick solution unlikely in resin shortage, research firm says Automakers and suppliers are unlikely to find immediate alternatives to a s
I'm glad cabbage cooks down, for a minute there I thought my Yakisoba was going to turn out more like Yakicabbage.
Happy Saturday! Will you be driving around town this weekend? Where to?
The code coupons:
*Sending a big ol bear hug* Hey pretty lady!
Best ABDC episode of season 7 yet(:
I was on about a 6 mo vaca :)
If you believe there is #BigData, I have some oceanfront realestate in Arkansas to sell you. Data is data, always has/been
Break it DOWN!! " you tweet was amazing, thank you, it forced me to dance!!
Worst job in law enforcement: boner patrol.
yeah, I'm not a fan either.
:( esa cancion me pone full sentimental
For more info call us @ 972-496-6700 or mail us @
all it takes is kind word a beautiful smile and loving eyes lol
We are touring tmj4 =)
what don't they have!?
Glad you love it! You should respond to and let her know how much fun you're having, she'd love to hear about it!
oh my mitchel!!
Had an amazing time in Spain for the #EPTMadrid; now I'm in London for some fun! I'll be in a coma for a week after this trip!
Bill Self. Coach of the Year. Thomas Robinson, player of the game. Roy Williams, angry glasses fail.
thanks Chaz! Can't wait to get these bad boys printed up
There's still space in Malcolm Lib's Internet Class tomorrow at 10 a.m. Come on in and brush up on your skills! :)
Now following (:
Eli manning is actually mildly funny. Who knew?
wasnt on :( im confused , the tv guide was wrong, i did watch the youtube video many times today and reached my laugh quota :P
And buy your tickets at lostweekend.eventbrite.com! Enter discount code getlost--a Halloween present just for all you beautiful people.
In the Studio recordin the green pill
FINAL SCORE: Washington 17 – Chicago 14 Hail To The Redskin Victory!
how's pedro?:(
In 15 minutes the suns rays that fall on the earth generate enough energy to power all of man kinds energy needs for an entire year!
I cant follow anyone I hit following limit!!:(
all i been doin today is eating, sleeping, chillaxin, lol
#Buy1111 FOR SMOOCHES:*
you should've come!!!!!!
And seriously? It's not even my commencement and I feel like I'm going to cry. I will be a MESS next year at my ceremony.
Hanging out with the best boo ever :) my wittle ; oh and too haha :)
is going to blow the new roof off of #Mansion360!! WEEK 2 AFROJACK and friends is going to be
I'm looking for a change in life
Breaking News: Angelina Jolie pregnant with twins! Father Unknown?
stick that same thumb u send dat wit in yo ass
I'm in 8th:] are u in 9th?
Latest buzz for Red Robin: - RT Red Robin!!! Yum!!
Do I dare to eat a day-old Moe's burrito?
that's what chu said last time lmao
is just too quick.
Off to bed.
Take your child to work day today!!! Should be fun to have my youngest (and his legos) @ the office today.
I think I've started reading that at least 3 times! :-)
Schmooze tonight, Urban Farmer (The Nines Hotel) It's going to pop!
Lauren Laverne: Apocalypse wow with Mexicana
New hours start today, so does this week's special, "The Fungus Among Us" with portobello, button & cremini shrooms, all local! Open 11-5!
like Willie Mays Hayes
Good afternoon! Did anyone have a good weekend?
Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
At the town hall meeting at Liberty High School discussing how to address the drug issue in southern
We're ready for you!
You guys need to get Cherrington on,ask him when they are going to be serious in Boston? Bobby V/Byrd...laughable!
Spanish Conversation Tonight from 7-9pm. Open to all skill levels and very informal.
Wow, reading the paper and thoroughly disgusted with my state representatives this morning. Considering switching to independent now.
I need some good music in my life..
hahahahahaha(: my finger hurts): I touched the bottom of a cookie sheet right after it came out of the oven... Accidentally :/
Wow Utah traded Deron Williams to da Nets
Thanks so much! Can't wait to hear what you think :)
I never seen one of those before! im amazed lol
I miss him already:/
Grateful 4 Occupy & its changes to global awareness, but can't support a Port action not coordinated w/ the v. progressive ILWU.
Oh six points is good!
That makes me feel good inside haha
77-69! Bulls have the lead!
Anyone have any good Halloween drinks? Need some cocktails to go along with the Old Style we'll be serving at our Halloween party.
Thurs I'll post re: #m project. Consistent feedback from y'all was that it was embarrassing to post & friends didn't comment. True?
starting part 2 of a 3 part #script this weekend. My fingers will hate me with all the typing.
You bet I do :) And I'm a HUGE Veeam fan, if only we had any budget
Soo im actually deleting my facebook AND twitter tomorrow :o not my tumblr though.. Time to focus on whats really important
IE actually makes one hate developing for the Web. So many productive pursuits wasted by this garbage. Frustrating.
All complaints must be in writing and emailed to: :) (Enjoy your hump day!)
TANDEM...$3 PBR TALLBOYS WITH A SHOT!!!! get outta town...
Haven't tweeted in 2 days bro -.-
Watch KUSI-TV (Ch. 9) at 8 am tomorrow. Live interview w/ Scripps CEO Chris Van Gorder re: the Gov's State of the State address.
RT : #Obama: "for me personally, important for me to go ahead & affirm same sex couples should be able to be married"
whoa, what the?
Check us w/ tomorrow night! Gonna be a badass night of great music!
lol right Justin !!!
Rt": if a girl sticks with you thru all the bitches, bullshit, drama and lies , that's your down ass chick. Don't fuck her over"
I do! Im already playing Hakim Warrick and Charlie Bell. What's your username?
Word! Keep in touch. I want to see that video. The song is dope.
Can't wait for this Easter meal
#WeWontWork If you're white.
Agreed. And I foresee countless uses of the words "Kennedyesque" and "boyish good looks."
My job as a video teacher makes that dream come alive a little bit.
Reading about forthcoming 'Platooning' technology for highway driving. Weird concept. Can it really be done successfully?
It was hot as HELL 2 day now it's Hail, lightning and rain surprised it's not fucking snowing Gotta be #Chicago weather... #fail 
I actually watched the Wizards tonight. I just couldn't resist...
This Red velvet ice cream giving me life right now
Oh whiskey drunk!
And I just retweeted that, too.
I guess I'm not a big enough fan :/ good for us tho for having knowledge to begin with.. your quote droppin is fire
i woke up today feeling..blah.. i guess its not just me lol
Good luck #drivinglegaltoday. We hope!!
it is either the RIGHT time or the WRONG time to raise the sales tax... there are no other options...
C'on pepz f4f let me kno u followed :D I'll follow right back if u need a new follower I'm here for ya!!!
"I didnt mean to do it" (You didnt mean to do it?)
Oh! Thanks!
I'm 18 as well.
administration into the bloodstream
Totally saw you guys at the Nashville show ^-^
ready to rock'em in NY! Impressive service too!
TTU FOOTBALL: Benford to sign with Dallas Cowboys - Cookeville Herald Citizen
That doesn't sound right :s
why do i wait? why do i wait? am i plagued with the procrastination dis-ease?
& Funny Funny people!
good man yeah not so young I'm the old guy on the staff now haha...I'm good tho just keepin up with my bball news through you
Love what just said: "don't be afraid to work with a company that's smaller than your own."
Ugh , why does he always take his anger off on me ? -.- Its not my fault hes having problems .
i think it's funnier to call him, "Metta World Peace," like it's not hilarious tho lol.
can you get o sod_honeygang...
Photographed last night in Philly. amazing talent! check out her music.
#truth RT : It's a beautiful day to be born. Just ask
Leadership cannot really be taught. It can only be learned. Harold S. Geneen
Just pulled a sideways turd out of my 3 year old son's ass crack with a Spongebob napkin. How's your Saturday going?
Exactly. Her wife was like, "baby... it's time."
RT this if you're ready to have one of the MOST EPIC FRIDAY NIGHTS IN MILWAUKEE!!!!!
It's okay dude, you don't have to kick at every dog that barks. Just an observation.
Oprah Winfrey's Next Chapter will visit Fairfield IA and the Transcendental Meditation activities there 6pm Central on OWN. Tune in.
Forensic Outline. Writer friend/lawyer gave me this term for outlining in revision. Don Sherlock hat. Detect patterns. Draw connections.
Goodnight Twitter!
excuses or legit? I'm not liking sound of it!
What does your T-shirt say? I'm with Stupid?
Beautiful people >>>
Student newspaper ran article about UNL Libraries now charging community users for checkout privileges. Waiting for fallout.
#WhatILove Spread the word!
Whoa. What did I miss?! RT : they were so buttery!
There were lots of young kids at BULLY today. Too intense for them. Many left and came back during some of the 'harsher' moments.
One Million people apply for McJobs during the fast food hiring spree. McWow!
That's cool too! Does the family still have that or is it in a museum?
thank you honey xxoo
I got that book,you got one too,you got one too,I got that book...Oh well Sorry Andre Brown
Which villains steal soap from the bath? Robber ducks.
“You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger
imy too! You know I'm here for you.... Keep your head up..... Things will get better soon
#thevow right now. so sad!
happy b day buddy! you are blessed! have a great playoffs and best of luck to you the rest of the way! we love watching you
Sick babies equal broken heart.
Surprise, Surprise. Trying to get a whole bunch of shit done before I leave. *SIGH*
You were really soft on the female caller during your sand mining discussion. You must be in a really mellow mood today.
Every time I meet with a #wedding vendor I'm reminded how awesome Milwaukee's wedding scene is. Thx for the hospitality!
Cicero~ Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues but the parent of all others.
Living in Chicago has grown on me the last few years, but I'll NEVER enjoy Len and Bob.
#np Cameras - Drake...
I'm really not up for all these depressing songs on the radio right now.
I've actually never heard that one. You must be mapping in different circles than I sometimes;)
really cool program and i enjoy watching it
Raring to go is my goal in life,not yet achieved! LOL,Soon,I will get there.Dr. sending me for Sono of Thyroid Glad,ugh
I Really Hope She Doesn't Keep Talking To Me With The Damn Utensils In My Mouth!
dude everyone tells me I look like her.
My daughter was all excited to see the moon but no. Nothing's sadder than a 4-yr-old's disappointment. Like Sophie's Choice.
#mythoughtsduringschool ... lord plz help me on this test!
Flying back to Denver today for 2 months of research.... weather permitting
I know when I am no longer welcomed...thank God for this upcoming new year and new beginnings:) Can't wait
Wanting a bigger workshop.
#honestyhour I think about the same thing every night, but still don't know what to do about it !
thanks for the retweet!
Turned on an 80's playlist & Boingo "Dead Man's Party" came on. Sad to say, but this song is such a classic to me. #80sbaby for sure!
I don't know yet! When I can maneuver well.. Haha
Like I Could Fit All That Fail in a Book
my dad is good friends with him.. lol
#linsanity turns to #linanity. I couldn't have predicted.
Exclusive announcement: The headliners at this year's InfieldFest are Maroon 5 and Wiz Khalifa!
Thanks for the lively...and the listing!
Never really wanted you to go, so many things you should've known..
All I have is a dollar and a dream.
"Courage is not the lack of fear but the ability to face it." - Lt. John B. Putnam Jr. (1921-1944)
A practical tip for building relationships with the media. Tip #6: Be a good listener when speaking with media professionals.
Whats the wrong way to love someone? Hahahaha makes sense dont it?
at 4 hurry that way I have a ride to the party and ill sleep over if you will?
BEST shortbread cookies in the universe are made by SimplyNics we bought 'em at WestWindsor FarmersMarket #ripetomato #princeton Y U M M Y
Do you know when Austin's next concerts gonna be? Because i live in UK but if its after June im moving to Indonesia! :)
Good seeing you too!
I have no idea what you're talking about...😜
Big UPS to everyone who had the,balls to walk tonight
They helped me get through my now ex bf from this year, cheating on me. #Love1D x
Oh NEW GIRL, I love you so.
House of Lies, Shameless & Spartacus:Vengeance - just started getting into them this season & hooked!
« Listen to the lyrics of a girl's favourite song. You will realise that the lyrics are probably how she feels.»
thanks brotha! =D wish u guys could join me!
dude you'll be the first person i tell!
If Eve was created from a rib from Adam wouldn't it be incest? Where'd everyone come from if they only had Cain & Able?
I totally agree and that's how we get more quality local restaurants in Jax.
just leave
no doubt. Getting bored too!
Always say what you feel... ALWAYS
DC: Who cares about moolee loving Michelle Rhee? She said she will be fine. Let her go! There is only one GOD!!
Just got done with CrossFit Harlem! Love!
