The world loves you man! Welcome home (Africa). Do your thing tomorrow....and put done pics in , lol...I #warriors. 1Love
However, still debating a boy name.
I was Walkin through home depot and someone shit in one of the toilet on display
Looking for comfort and style? Try our nike air sole shoes!!
Hunger games was very good.
& no matter how much too much is never enough. Maybe cause we're crazy in love
You sure know how to put me in a good mood
The AD is gone, but not cleaned out: the techie found almost 1,000 unfiled docs on her computer leaving a huge mess.
well why are you not in school?
My body luvs the silks and trapeze and awesome teacher today tomorrow I sure will b sore n cussing
juice fast!
Good morning ☀😊
Who is excited for #kylestock 2011!?!?
May 24th at The Box Office! :)
Thank God for the rain...'Cause tonight, we go hog hunting!!
Played like crap way to start season off
's dad is singing in the car lol
C.E.O.'s to Celebrities check us out at www.bcnconcepts.com
Showcase your art here to promote your work. Don't wait...
WEE Showcase & Fun want a booth 7/30 9am -1pm get ur app weesandiego.com it is worth it!!!!
But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads? -Albert Camus
RT : RT : Time to put on our big boy pants and get some sh*t done! I am legion, I am
I walk like this cuz I can back it up. I talk like this cuz I can back it up 💋
Just saw #ghostthemusical was fierce as always ! Yes girl!
follow back please
Generally a director will only give that short of notice for film when they are familiar with the actor's abilities accentwise
Having a hard time deciding if my current poker downswing or scramble with friends downswing is bothering me more..
RT Follow Turkey and Friends official Twitter account, we follow you back =]
On my way 2 da beach;-) can't wait!!!
haha some songs yes ^^
RT : RT : A great reason to Shop Small! says shopping at local biz keeps twice as much money in the community.
At the kalahari ! Finna kill pizza though ( ;
• Well you keep score at games. That should count for a lot. Can I ask how old you are?
Feeling sick again :(
My sister punk ass just gone drop off her kids here. And I gotta be some fuckin where... Ugh
TweetDeck does that rate limit which really sucks LOL
J.J. Abrams has rediscovered the magic of 70s/80s Spielberg! Note to J.J.: please do NOT grow up! :)
We aim to delight!
Interesting to see what US Afghan relation would look like from 2014. I am interested in the archaeology of that country.
Going to a party!
I love The Beach. The movie, yes, but the place, too : )
No never kick that rock, and move like a sack o' taters.
Anybody reading Stieg Larsson's books? What fun they are to read.
Not to mention, this will be the last time we will see most of these special players in a UK uniform.
gotcha gotcha
driving is where it all begins, Sam. He's on the road to being a pimp! I'm proud of him.
carma is a bitch so i hope that bitch dont do me to bad,lol
google paid me $100 today. tv hasn't ever paid me a dime.
careless. You need to to take better care of that
That awkward moment when you realize every house has a particular smell, but you can't even smell the one at your house.
I Officially Moved Papers No More Blunts : )))
Unfollow this page now it got hackd follow me
thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! I'll stop in when I'm in the city next - menu looks great!
In the height of fear and doubt is when we grow the most. The hard part is diving in. #movetowardthefear #conquer #nevergiveup”
hey where'd ya go?? I miss our tweets!!!!
Challenge to step 1 - The search for identity is a false barrier. Act!
2 words: SPELL CHECK. If one more jabroni tweets how OBAMA is dead instead of OSAMA I will personally revoke your TV Privledges (minus CNN).
Me & Nino finna snap on this beat.
That was not a tweet I admire.
Sure hands this drive, bud.
I can't believe my friend Melissa is jumping out of plane today and for that reason it will totally be blogged about.
When you come to a spot just being thankful for where you are...content in all things at the moment..that's a good place to be!
Good morning world ....another day another dollar ...
boise state continues to try and haunt the university of hawaii in every aspect...does that count?
for a woman it ain't easy tryin to raise a man You always was committed A poor single mother on welfare, tell me how ya did it
Beautiful! We love it! What a great location for a beautiful wedding on the bay! Thanks again!
are they gone? Id like one!
Today's podcast for the show will be available shortly before 1pm. In the meantime, takes you until 3.
Welcome to Twitter, cuz.
Bachmann ... you are a moron my dear.
ENGAGED????? Where have I been? Congratulations! So happy for you both!
wow, he's crazy!!!
“Experience, travel – these are an education in themselves.” ~Euripedes
lol but I agree. I was looking ratchet today!
can't wait to hear your magic! Have a beautiful day
#FF Follow -- Covering Central Florida, Daytona Beach, Orlando
lol, LOVE it!
u are a very special person I LUUV your music and i cant wait to meet in person one day!:)
Space Selection for IPC APEX EXPO 2013 Set to Bloom in May
#confession I have a step dad, but I'm happier with him than I ever was with my father.
So I'm Guessing Trey Songz & Kelly Rowland Hooking Up Now? . . . They Ain't About That Life
Sometime I wonder what runs through people's minds when they tweet something...
#IslamMadeMeRealise how to act justly, love mercy & walk humbly.
Fml. I hate you Boston weather.
"When I left you, I was but the testee, now I am the test administrator." Vader reflects on growing up
Great teaching point!
I'm going to live on the beach with my ukulele and sing songs about the clouds✌☁
i'm gonna miss your braces so much, no :(
Thank you so much girl! Remind me to tell you about my injury lol
living it
Very interesting, Lila! Good fodder for some other blogger I know.
Didn't read the whole arc (will pick up TPB), but I loved the finale of #SpiderIsland. Takes a lot for me to add a Marvel book to the pile.
Excited to have call backs for my new webseries tormorrow! Getting closer:)
come to Akron and give this little girl her last wish show people that u care
Patrick Swayze died?!?
>> My pleasure Steve. Anytime.
- LOL...incredible. Haha. Such a fun trip though...even if Alex hated every waking moment of it. Lol
Baby What The Fuck Wrong With Them !
wore his natural hair too.
I get to see your amazing boyfriend in concert in 83 days :) xx
Dragons understand themselves more than they admit.
Such a fun night w/ at
What are your #Saturday plans?! Let us know and win a free signed #cd!
oh k
Thanks for liking Booksicals Neelima and Jurate! Hope you have a happy new year and enjoy reading with your family!
Thanks for the follow
No one can see right now. We need him on a #smashbrothers track.
Why did I have to meet you ? 😞
i am hungry ~
couldn't DM you, but I'm in town those dates & schedule is relatively open, so let me know what might work for you.
sweet hugs, Lisa
stranded on campus til 10pm. i need a nap.
Steve Futterman to talk bout Metta World Peace suspension at 6:05 NW Sports tonight
It was all in the plan to start the third set ahead.
“: lmao steve was so dissapointed when he realized he gain 13 pounds in a month” hahaha 😂😂
The first band song is 'Dead or Alive' and they rocked it ;-)
dont feel like doing this homework i had all weekend to do..oh well not doing it.
Girls who dated trashy guys
Listen to The London Suede.
Looking into building my own DVR, any suggestions out there?
but they only serve that in Canada. Rehor lives in the U.S.
Can't forget the Biebs! but him with Selena just hurts me so I decided to leave him out :)
Support Ur Local Indepent Clothing Line My Dude
Yeah just read the article...Looks like he's the most qualified...guess will see what happens
TY! : bummer that we won't see you but kudos on doing something for a very worthwhile cause! for a Cure
awww.. I think I'm the lucky one.
You can't expect me to be fine, I can't expect you to care.
Sure you do
Thanks for waiving back to my son u made his day ..
Not looking forward to be stuck at Funslides all day.
Keep it Classy Never trashy But just a liddo nasty ♥
How bout them tigers?
RT - The Washington Nationals have the best record in baseball (18-5) since May 31st
hello talk to me
YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! When I loaded a couple of new pictures yesterday, my Easter pics magically appeared on the card! I have them!!!!
Keen On... Audience: Why Fans Are The Real Future Of The Music Business (TCTV)...
Newt is a boot
The only thing more annoying than grandparents baby talking, is having to hear them do it in French
My mother always told me,if I cant' say anything nice, don't say anything at all...and some people wonder why I'm so quiet around them
I haz exites!!! So many!!! Everyone should go to Chicago to see !!! #!!!
#running in the rain, refreshing way to start the day!
Can't wait to see how the world's angriest human being Bob Knight spins this Kentucky win.
I can't wait to start bumping that track in my ride around the hoods lol
": Volunteer callout! Grad students for University Library advisory committee. #slisindy #libraryschool #IUPUI" ask me! I know!
yeah a spray tan is pretty natural
Power of cat.: increase resource use, prevent dup. purchases (save $!), title-level access to EVERYTHING.
...the GOP platform is wishey washey and certainly not Teariffic!!!
Ocean ref ☀
Official Hotel Partner Mr & Mrs Smith Rooms can be booked from Fri Sept 23-Sat 15 Oct 800 464 2040 & mention SCOPEMIAMI 2 check availability
WE ALL KNOW HOW TO SAY IT, CAMERON
Looks like my time on the #solopr chat will be shorter than I'd hoped. I guess I'll try again next week. :(
When someone close to u dies... move seats
Can't wait for Friday's episode! I hear you're the recipient of the Christmas visitor...
More #FF love! Thank you!
70 degrees today pre spring!! Gotta look Get ready for those short - shorts
...and when u get urself kidnapped by some mountain man.....I, will have to come and rescue u...???!
This bitch looks like that one bitch from highschool.... What a bitch
On to with to drop off their new lunch items!
okay you guys can watch dancing with the stars with me! 💃
THIS ARE DREAM ....lets make it reality
how did you know that was my first name? Creepy.
Why is WKNR able to carry it? I like your station but you are forcing all the transplant Clevelanders to listen on KNR.
My shirt is so pretty
ahahahaha!! I remember that episode! It was my favorite. <3
twitter keep waking me up with notifications
"Leadership consists not in degrees of technique but in traits of character; it requires moral rather than athletic or intellectual effort."
lol it was great. And then Phoebe "ah, I didn't know u were in LOVE. I thought u were just doing it."
Food Truck Thursdays tomorrow?
I'll try to get in touch soon. My fiance's mom just got into town today from NJ so tied up for next couple weeks.
I aspire to do the same!
We're big fans and we'd love to make tattoos for you!
Don't think that's full song. Sounds like 2 snippets mashed up. This only has 2 verses in repeat w no bridge. unfinished-ish
#Followback If we #Follow you. We need you so we can get more #freedom 2 the
it's well appreciated!
"I like it, I love it, I want some more of itt..."
I'm not sure who would be best to beat Barack Obama, so I went with the person I think I would be the better president.
I'm perfected through the Love of Jesus..marinate on that.
Congratulation’s to our March 2012 Ohio Lottery 2nd Chance Drawing Winner – Fred Villao of N. Royalton , Ohio!
LA Here I Come!
My God, hearing "my days are numbered" routine is relatable & rough. Not sure if I'm inspired to retire or go into standup.
Ready to hit the streets in Austin for SXSW! Hope to meet the crew
Mine to but I looovvveee roc he's so special to me I just love everything about him
I hope you had a Great Christmas! I love you!<3
What are you doing on this beautiful day??
really video?? Lol
What should I name my fish?! I got two new ones.. Hopefully they stay alive -_-
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will.~ Nelson Mandela
u r stuch a dug dug
RT : Nightwatchman/Ben Harper/The Roots rocking Jimmy Fallon tonite!
yeah I'll be there on Thursday
I've already posted two introductory blogs. You'll find them at www.shoredesign.net.
Awesome! I will definitely contact you about that!
Please pray for London.
Can we say 1426 Academy and Rip The Runway
What if I replaced my heart with an excel spreadsheet years ago?
Scot and Sherri say hi :)
sorry that's to say, if Ben really wants to do that... And thank you for coming both of those times.
One tee shirt per whore. I am sure they'll look positively fucking radiant in "Diablo 3" attire.
Thanks for the story and mention!
Although we could see some afternoon thundershowers this afternoon in the metro, I think we'll stay dry for the #Foodtruckforecast hours!
So. Tired. And hungry! NOMNOMNOM
I played basketball with ms serrano today lmao
I'm the only one who puts major stock into post-game press conferences? Oh, ok.. I can understand that, I suppose.
Is that like restless leg syndrome but more aerobic?
An entertaining evening of card tricks in the parlor.
Starring out the window thinking damn I hate rain.....
Wiener's Circle is on tonight :)))
You as well. Long-lost family, maybe? Family came from Poland. Irishman misspelled at Ellis Island. From KY. Hubs from NJ!
Today is already not my day.
Freaking making fun of Justin's body when he's sitting behind a screen making fun of a millionaire prob fat as fxck. :*
Last expo day at #HIMSS12 about to start! Stop by booth 4635 & see our handwriting recognition & automatic indexing software!
I like a broad that can bag hoes
yay the brownies are finished
Are you a Sox fan?
Friday!! Friday!! Gotta get down on Friday!! Everybody's havin fun at
Want to hug Meaghan for her hard work today! It paid off in spades! I'm so thankful to have you on the team! YOU ARE MY HERO!
Running another 4+ miles after the race of my life wasn't the smartest I just finished a 4.34 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
honey you need to slow down on these fudge sundaes!! You were my motivation! Lol Are you ok?
I love your #Imagine tweets, and I'm a #Mindless freak! lolz SMH
#comcast PLEASE HELP!!!! I entered my account # 10 times, told it 10 times to a rep, and 2 service ticket scheduled for a simple move...
we forget patientslikeme & other such platforms can't do this out of "goodness of the heart"
The moon is gorgeous over Nashville tonight!
Bari sax is my favorite instrument in #JazzBand (Don't tell the rest of the band.)
Why would anyone?
What did #ClarkGriswold get as a bonus in Xmas Vacation? Answer :JAM OF THE MONTH CLUB !
Working for the weekend
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor. Henry David Thoreau
Ever hear of "Doubting Thomas"? Our UU minister said he was probably a Unitarian!
Pleasure to be in your 'tworld.'. Thanks for the follow!
Tweeting late at night means piles become poles. I must admit that "poles of work" is an interesting notion. Perhaps even painful.
But I bet most of them got in if they were stellar on paper.
his main bitch on twitter tellin me im the shit thats the same told him that he want shit
100,000 sperm and you were the fastest?
wow, that's really cool.
first name last name
I hate when people think i subtweet them. Like 3/4 of my tweets are directed to no one.
We've just secured a speaker for this month, but are always looking for future events. Drop us a line:
Just like the clouds my eyes will do he same if you walk away...♥
Hey! You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me ;) <3.. BUT PLEASE IVE BEEN TRYING EVER SINCE!!
Wait From What Im Seeing ..* Mean That She Done *Even Change Her Name !* Cool Money !.
Krystal, please help us get rid of the electoral college - so EVERY vote counts! Don't you agree it must go?
All children are fragile and need us...esp our #specialneeds #kids and #teens!
Once you go Skyline, you'll never go back... Granted, it's not Texas chili, but still addictive!
Great chatting with creative Tweeps at
Thanks! RT : Welcome Good things come in small packages. Local festival all inclusive, just right. Well done.
It was nice knowing you.
Prizes include footware, styling, and gift certificates.
Somebody at Information keeps wrongly giving people my org's phone number. Who do I contact to fix it??
Windows programming positions in CA. Kernel a plus, multithreaded, file systems and graphical UI. email resume for confidentiality to johnp…
yikes! For sure!
ehh, I bet that's how they "great" all fans to the beautiful Toyota Park lol
he's good.
my old best friend is texting me again! this is new...
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds. - Will Durant
There is something amiss Still my confession draws you near
it may be because of my addons
we will all smell of booze ;)
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':8
Ugh! 😪 I hope I get better tomorrow because I'm hopefully going around Austin with my sis because she doesn't have work tomorrow night 🎉
it would have to be someone we have no clue that's available... a rondo maybe? God I hope they not thinking of trading dirk
Maybe that's why I've been listening to the Thug Life CD since I got home from work.
The Tide sure is rolling today! Hoping the Gators can come back and WIN the SEC Championship!
“: Wife: "You should hang your diplomas in your office." Me: "I'm a professor, not a dentist."” Love this!
thanks for the follow hello from Columbus Ohio :-) hope all is well
Pinarius~ As thou hast sown so shall thou reap.
I can add Jealous, envious, in awe. RT : Looking back over today's notes. The more I hear about PURR, the more enamored I am.
Oh it was ridiculous, and I ended up "hanging up" on "Alicia" after saying I'm going with another company. WTF. GAAAAAAH.
I have indeed.. Luckily I have a sexy picture of you pulling your pulling face so I haven't forgotten it.. I might have to
I can't keep a straight face!
So, did you ever find out whose Bernays proposal was chosen? Just curious : )
I feel like Titanic 3D was released so that everyone can finally let loose the bits they've been sitting on for the last 15 years.
Dont limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do.
word. I wanna be THAT good
#Draft Day!!!
New years in Seattle! with and mundo.
What size t-shirt do you wear? M 38-40 or L 42-44?
don't forget to use the glass. Now have you installed the JHigh triangle set yet? Really suited your game to never post up.
I wanna slap my moms boyfriend in the face sometimes. That douchebag is not my dad, he cant tell me what to do.
All these white widow spider in my head its crazy
I've lost weight!!! Yay!! I'm down to 185 from 202..
omg thats amazing may i please be in it? when are you meeting them?
Good to know one of my exes isn't a druggie freak now. Kids these days 👌
Leading worship this week in the IB with the worship team!!! Yayyyy!
Eau de toillete is the
The Pacers will play the Magic on Saturday. We're printing more Playoff shirts on Friday!
Let's just be silent for awhile and listen to the radio. Which station do you want: Adele, Gotye, Katy Perry, Bieber, or Rihanna?
"i can't even spell my name, how would I get a doctorate?!"
☆ "Love someone that loves you more than loving anyone who doesn't love you back." ☆
is it weird watching yourself on TV?
omg. stfu, you're turning me on.
Gimmie That ~ Chris Brown
lol so random is soo weird
I'd be so happy to see Breaking the Waves on It's one of von Trier's best, and I had to see it on a crappy, non-anamorphic DVD
Exactly. We may not transition tomorrow, but that doesn't mean you should teach for the day when we will.
Who is on tumblr? Send me your URL & I will follow you there.
Has NO words… #MarchMadness Congrats #NSU, you played a hell of a game.
On my solo shit keeping my circle small she right in my grill
Eating Mexican watching the snow
I love you like a fat kid loves cake! Thanks for making my birthday amazing:) you are the best!!!
Apparently happy hour is illegal in Alaska
let the registration refresh your page a million times game begin!
Have you been to salt fire and time since they opened their general store? Gluten free goodness (and some of our pastries).
you predicted at start of season that the Pack will lose in NFC Ch but make to SB following year. Still think that?
want me to tell you who wins
very nice gallery....
man! We will look into getting it!
aww thanks- I'm fine! Unfortunately homesickness happens- part & parcel of living abroad. But still love it here in NY ; )
Must commend you on a well designed site. Solid work.
This weather is perfect. I need some pool time!!
so what are you trying to say?
That #mcdonalds breakfast was either the best thing or the worst...my stomach hates me...but it was so good!!
The average child starts school reading 39 books per year. This goes down to 6 books a year by high school.
Sunset in Berkeley
I will follow if you follow me and
Abundance is not something we acquire. It is something we tune into. ~
Promises? at this level? RT : #WHL: Cam Reid left #SCSU for promised first line action with Winterhawks - It lasted one month
I like dat
This 4/20, I'm working on a project about holograms. For school. I swear.
Going offline for awhile. Love all my fans. xx A
#YouCuteAndAllBut you got fat knees.
When boys make you feel beautiful, ♥
Does anybody have dialogue with other parents about media consumption before sending their kid over?
we're looking forward to hearing from you!
eh I'm alright I guess lol, what about you?
Would be great to see all 4 teams qualify for the #CAA playoffs. I wonder if any other league school can boast that. Perhaps I'll research.
but we also stated that mordecai and rigby are way funnier. which is true.
Thank you for the mention! Have an amazing weekend!!
Someone should DM me their # bc I need someone to txt
“: My boss mom reminds me of ”hopefully in a good way lol :)
No she isn't, end of this. & haha I bet everyone has the same problem ;) but we have to study though xo
jc western will ship any where in the USA call 561-684-7331 today to see whats on 50% off sale
Hey DC wonks: What time will the Obama admin birth control compromise hit the federal register?
#ThingsKidsDo make a mess
I will always love him more than anyone else..
Always good hanging with you girl!
For reasons that may not be clear at the moment... you are right where you need to be at this point in time. It's your life's journey.
Yeah if shes nurtured she cant get her period haha
are u home schooled or something? lol
Sabbath angel's afternoon mi good frens...
Awww, haha. I'm great, thanks for asking! ;D
will you follow me??
Dying my hair jet black this week :x
You go! RT : good nap. shower and then cranking out an essay!
no, I thing the producers did.
Now following >
And is good for those kind of yuks as well.
I haven't had a chance to yet! I saw some photos and the food + company looked amazing :)
i LOVE #HenryFordMuseum! i cannot wait to go there very soon!
I missed you! I can't wait to see you soon :)
People don't mess with me because word on the street is I own three swords
If you?re pressed for time, just step faster (burning still more calories and giving yourself quite a workout in the process)
Playing the hornets at 1pm
happy birthday!
Yeah, guess ill wait to get my domain later and get a new one :( rager, not sure yet but son. swing by anytime!
Come chill with us on fourth ave?
Goodmorning Austin<3. My Birthday is tomarrow and I have been trying so hard to get a happy birthday from you:)
This election coverage by has been absolutely hilarious!
try to fake three laughs in an hour - ha ha ha ha ha - they'll take you away, man
I just love the feeling of being loved by someone, it's pretty amazing. all i have to say is happy days are here again :)
Thank you for the follow! S/O
Congrats to Volpatt Const., winner of Building Excellence Award for Renovation Const. over $10M AND Excellence in Craftsmanship - Interior!!
Yes subway! Guac!
can you just give me one hard tweet???please
Enjoyed "Why it's hard to invest sensibly"...a realistic assessment for the average investor...thanks in advance if you follow back!
GOAL! BLUES WILL WIN THIS!
he was moving around! Lucky I even got that
alright, last year was better tho!
Thank you to everybody who came out today to support BASIC NWFL, Inc.!!
Watching the #NASCAR prerace show on fox.
lol hell yea right on time lol....
Will do. Agree with games being tailored to content and learners, but can't expect all instructors to learn programming.
rise to the top !
Thanks for the RT! Hope you're having a wonderful week :-)
Congrats on your #GoldenCricket for Best Ensemble, Well-deserved.
Just signed a lease for a killer house in Palm Desert. Beers by the pool anyone?
great car
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet. -Plato
miserable! Hope they make a decision soon!
According to the chinese 888 is a lucky number. I was born august 24th august is the 8th month, three 8s equal 24. does that make me lucky?
possible secret love (or lust) interest in BM? How rude? We cant expect folk 2b respectful of our op/interests even n 2012.smh
Have a safe trip.
your welcome France.
I'm looking for the way out before I get in...
Better I was signed by a hollywood agent yesterday
the future?
got my laptop c:
moms day gift? Picnic brunch at ocean? I like experiences Or what about a yoyo, some bubbles and a kite. Let's go play!
So,i was driving to school and passed a guy with his steering wheel on the right side instead of the left...
I hate going to the gym this late. Damn uncooperative children.
I still havent watched that damn movie.. i'll try now.
There's nothing like a left handshake to make me wonder why your weird
I am hungry :(
Austin Rivers is going to go off tonight. Winter Park in the house!
When was the Flyers last cup?
So true !
Watching Con Air. Can't get over Nick Cage's accent! I don't get it!
we're excited 4 LB Street Food Fest sat. 7/24! & more! www.lbstreetfoodfest.com
Thanks for the shout out! Have a great day.
Welcome to the Pack, Nick Perry.
come by our booth 2496 for cappaccino and coffee cake...YUM!
Harsh! Can't we all just get along? Sorry ur feeling this way. DM us if you need help w/ur issue.
hope you make it through good
WE hope so too. :-) Introduction: WE have a great #SocialCommerce platform & a rapidly growing network of small businesses.
Moving day today!! We can't wait to show off our new Chandler facility!
Sign of the apocalypse? Speaker retweets #askobama "where are the jobs?" Think the WH twitter team expected that?
It's funny when you tweet a bunch of angry stuff then the next tweet is about food. Being angry makes me hungry 😊🍔🍟🍦🍧🍉🍓
Nice! Looking forward to meeting you!
It was a play on words, and both are true. lol
go look for one loser now
Watched #DetourPosse last night. You guys are even more amazing than the last time. Thanks 4 bringin da #riddims and good #vibes for V Day.
oh man, this is awful for you poor MW classes this term!
RT : A strong Main Street supports a vibrant community. Support your community. Shop Downtown. Shop Independent.
"Academic" panels in the am, Public Hist panel in the pm--fitting for this US/Public History PhD student.
we're getting excited for spring break! where will you be heading next week?
I'm looking to cast one more supporting role in "Last Breath" must be hispanic/female/21-26 NY/NJ Based. *fluent in spanish a +
Thank you for the follow!!
I'm converting my youth dvpt TV program into a non-profit; how do you ask ppl to be on your board of directors? just ask?
The end of wisdom is to dream high enough not to lose the dream in the seeking of it. - William Faulkner
Thank You to all U.S. Armed Forces Veterans!
My teacher is crazy, she took me out of the room >:(
I know?! Right?!
Welp.. I Guess she was in that #YOLO Moment ...
I might get a few things, but I'm bummed because my friend lost my green fresh glasses :(
Thank you Samuel!! RT : happy mothers day !
ZO Skin Health
I think Red Sox PR will ask Wake to throw out the first pitch on Opening Day..That will be pretty special..
Ladies Entry just $5 ALL NIGHT LONG! EVERY WEDNESDAY! Also, CHRISTMAS PARTY TONIGHT!!
i should really do my homework... lol thats what advisory is for.
you two gossiping about me while I sleep?! lol it's true though, we're kinda disgustingly adorable haha :)
I put it on pretty much everything!
Im goin to bed.. Goodnight little monsters! Love all you bitches!! Especially you @/blondesouthgaga and you :)))))
is anyone archiving all the hotel window images for #mw2012? :P
Anything we can help with?
Thank you all the way from California!
Alright where do you stand on this Alicia Silverstone bird-style feeding? There must be some sort of reasoning behind it right!?
Fyi, I dont post to get ur goat, I post the truth!
Tracked drums yesterday in studio A. Can't wait to re-track guitar and bass for this song.
Our eCourse site is down. Sorry for the inconvenience. Hope it will be back up around 6 pm ET.
Anything seems 2 be evil & a sin these days, pretty soon simply breathing will be too, we might as well wear blinders & stare @ the wall...
Just got my first coupons from how sweet is that! Can't wait till the next event so I can meet everyone.
I love when a episode of #BGC is on, thats when he tweets the most 😍
WAIT. What happens if he poos on the court? Besides getting made fun of for all eternity?
well you should thank ! cheers
Did you have a baby and not tell me?
"my name is Tori Stomach, hear me growl" haha she's so funny! Love you girl!(:
Happy New Year!!!
angksndb I hope so! COME AT ME LIFE
Just saw a guy walking a dog down Hollywood Boulevard. The dog was wearing sunglasses.
Chef Robuchon will be in Las Vegas April 10th-17th.
my people will talk to your people
finishing up some phonology, researching library and information science grad schools, then a three day weekend!
Well, yes. Cutbacks, downsizing and RIFs.
thanks for following. I hope I offer interesting chatter. I tweet on a couple other burner tweets. I get involed with cool stuff
Sure, I'd love to move to Wisconsin for a short term contract, even though I told you I'm not currently in the market.
did you see the preview....
Yup, our email manager got a new job so I have email duty until we hire a new person. Yikes!
I hate when I see people I know but they act like they don't know you"forget you then bitch'
Falling in love with my new Tom's =D
There are four basic food groups: milk chocolate, dark chocolate, white chocolate, and chocolate truffles!! Firehook Bakery!!!
Anyone interested in garnering HRCI (or other) credits for recertification?
And by the time Dekker and Koenig are done, it might be time to retire anyway.
Looking for an attorney who deals with workplace discrimination for a gay man who is being harassed at work in CA - any tips?
I get to work with again today!😁🚗🚙🚕
There's so much to be thankful for - have a wonderful Thanksgiving!
I can't make you love me but if i could things would be a lot easier..
Working on some generative music. Hooray for PureData!
and get a iPhone bihhh lol
Sounds like you've been having great luck with writers the past few days! Congrats!
RT“: “: And this time, I'm 99.999999999999999999999999% sure.”lol good job”
YES! ALMOST TIME FOR #BoyzHitABDCagain! IMA FREAK. I CAN'T WAIT! I'LL BE SCREAM :D I regret Nada
He said things to me who were not really nice
Matt Garza is about the only person in the world who thinks that was a good throw by Sean Rodriguez.
#Np The Weeknd - High For This
EV of the Future: Partnership Including BMW, Daimler Brings Forth Project Visio.M - Automobile Magazine (blog)
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.
I've seen Cory's ass. YUCK.
just watched last ep of the current season! :)
#ThingsOnMyMind deciding what tap I will teach in a few hours...my Tightrope choreography? 53? My Paddle warmup? Decisions, decisions...
I wish it were warm enough to take a long run by the lake.
Diamondbacks, Rays, Blue Jackets, Wild, Bobcats, Texans.
I had it for, like, 3 or 4 months on and off. Then it went away for a month. Now it's back! :-(
My apologies.
Thanks for the follow Keep up the noble and creative work you do to help the non-profit sector. We need more people like you.
Absolutely! Would love to talk anytime. Hope all is wonderful with you, Jake & Sir Celluloid.
It's better to have found out now rather than later. Good riddance! You don't need so called friends like that in your life.XO
POTUS got more bounce in California than all y'all combined, he got more bounce in California
knock knock. Who's there? The end of school. #ah Our src starts on 5/21 and there is too much to do!
thanks Love
Welcome to campus the Community College administrators & faculty who are participating in the Merrick School's partnership luncheon today.
If you tell me you hunt in casual conversation, we are done talking.
Comes a time in a writer's life that he or she will not want to write anymore. This may be at the of highest acclaim. That is Art.
In high school and part of college, I wore a China bob with bangs. I murdered the wrap--my relaxed hair fell perfectly. I miss it.
Thanks for the Follow and Happy Friday
Jesse, you should go on uncensored radio show.. Alex knows him, they worked together before
Rookies take note! RT Nothing can sabotage winning,except for the fear of losing. Success usually lies just beyond failure.
thats what im saying it for i was jus givin out ideas its up to him .. and im sure the hennesey wont be a problem lol -_-
that area so it's perfect. When I went to corner social like 2 weeks ago they had no specials. I wonder if it's the same. THX
can't wait to have you both there! RT : congrats to who's heading to awards a week from today!
sometimes working with producers, especially ones in high demand, can be a pain in the but!
asdfghjkl; i got my second pottermore email. i want my account activated soon :D
Dimm All TheLights Call Me Oprah
Dirk was on his Charlie Sheen in the playoffs he deserves it
Ok guys I don't have cable so u have to tell me wat mb has to tell us
I can't even see anyone when hes with me he says hes so in love hes finally got it right I wonder if he knows hes all I think about at night
Offer and contest updates! Ready?
If you love someone more then anything, then distance only matters to the mind, not to the heart.
tell me more about it when the time comes!!
"Is it twu wut they say"
Just curious, but why aren't there more porn stars in these birth control commercials?
RT : over last wk I've sd "are u going to be the gasoline or the water" > I can count. cc
she was the reason i was 6 yrs old rockin some jordans. i just hope she know that i love her, the worlds best mother
Six mins left to win a Signed Carlos Guillen Poster from Answer: Which Sponsor does everything REAL BIG?
this subtweet is for one of my followers who can get it. okay actually no its not lol just thirst
Lets Ride...
House of bagels in da mornin
#tacac12 i guess its
I'm taking I'll have another to win today!
Great show today in PA for a great cause! Spread the word & follow these wonderful bands:
AWESOME ya'll goin to the game tomorrow :P
Check out the photo from Shred Day! And thank you for a wonderful event - great #consumer response!
Ruby on Rails Pro, we have opening in the Pacific NW (Seattle, Portland, Bend) $3000 Reward! Resume or referrals
Buckenham, Lewis, Sears all heavily influenced by Omsted.
I think next weekend hopefully :)
Does anybody know of a Dell laptop repair shop in the Dallas/Fort Worth area?
Hmm... kinda like Erin or Whitney from MTV The City.
Shout out to all our soldiers! Pour out a little for all the ones that passed. Happy Veterans Day
he probably has all the std's that a human can possibly get. #sorrynotsorry ;)
that's always been the objective. Men are conqourers, that's what we do. We just happen to fall, but if everything is easy...
REMINDER: Tune into on C-SPAN -Sat, May 12 from 9:15-10am ET for Cram for the Exam--a review of the 2012 AP Government Exam
Fuck me good Fuck me long Fuck me numb.
Reds lose. Will try to salvage one game of this series tomorrow afternoon.
Angel Bain! I already miss him and the others.
Refs deserve to be called for games like this. The Bulls are getting manhandled on the perimeter and hacked in the paint.
I just Key Lime Pie'd my pants.
Lmao at dude with the beard
stop flirting
Sadly no.Didn't get done till late last nite & took crew out for a thank you drink. Today I never got in. Wife's flite plans awry
.give it to me baby, nice & slow <3
. compares tumblr and Pinterest—one is creative, the other is curation based.
thanks dude! Word of mouth means so much, plus ! Made my day.
Got notice this week that I was accepted into the program. I am really looking forward to this work!
check out our band! our link to our facebook with one of our songs is in the bio. please try to get the word out and RT. thank you <3
. It came after I asked about his reaction to the audit on Richie Farmer. Oddly, it was a state audit not paper-driven.
Larry Merchant talks in slow motion and it drives me crazy!!! 😠
: i will be getting into EVERYTHING!
I can't fucking wait to graduate and move outta my bitch ass aunts house! >:O she makes me so pissed!!!!!!!!! >.<
Hey, I never met you.... And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter... So follow her maybe? ;)  8
laundrylaundrylaundry! i swear my dad has twice as many clothes as i do.
aww thanks I miss talking to u too!! And totally!!!
RT : You'll be surprised to know how far you can go from the point where you thought it was the end.
congrats to for winning the nfl draft contest. U just won a autograph
How drunk would you have to be to hit on 20?
Hunger games...wow. Doesn't disappoint at all
Does anyone get colder quicker then Nick Swisher???
Had fun talking in moronic circles w and some chick may have actually killed some of my brain cells.
if you aren't busy tonight...we are going to Hamburger Mary's Bingo at 800pm for
RT Be thankful for what you have!!
At Friendly Toast in Portsmouth~blast from the past.
thank you so much it means the world to me
ladies...who are the hottest guys in Boston?
I did some research. I'm trying to improve my overall health so I'm changing a lot.
So far, 90% of my students think the main difference between MLA and APA is that APA is for business. Okay...
Starting my fourth course of antibiotics in 3 months. Ugh.
:) love the TUT emails. I will have to check out the Daily Love.
Hey Musicians Join www.SmartGuy.com It's FREE to sign up let Jordan know we sent you.
Also, Sabrina regularly plays Settlers w/ the Beard Club. I mean Sci-Fi Club.
Photo shoot in San Diego Sunday. Rain is threatening to put a damper on our weekend yet again. :(
: Spiritual growth comes from challenging experiences... only way to build spiritual endurance.
Heaven will surely be worth it all <3
No school for me today
Lots going on in LR land. Good stuff coming...
Push back!
Just sent the info about #LoCoteStreet...hopefully the #SWwire is in our near future
That's a good fortune.
I am planning already to go next Easter or even for a week over the Christmas holiday. Had such a good time this time.
"New Blues" changes are kicking me around today. Thanks, Bird.
Isn't it fun to flout the GPS' advice, though? Or am I the only one who likes arguing with a computer voice?
Everyone if you have a facebook GO LIKE---> {Austin Mahone and Alex Constancio, We love you} 
“: but shit I'm bored, I'm tired of always geting out, people need to come visit me” 2 weeks sis
love hittin the gym before work!
just spent like $40 on underwear 😳
Congrats on the won trusty
i wished i could have my cake and eat it too -__-
Nope sure isn't!
Thanks for tweeting! If you every need information on for articles let me know!
Hey #sxsw snap pictures of traffic backups & tweet them with the #atxin2025 tag, to show people what everyday will be like in 15 years
Unrealistic? That was intentional. Insufferable? That was not.
thanks! keep blasting away!
RIP Whitney Houston. Her voice was one of the greatest in the world. Sing with the angels Whitney!
1 think I hate is when females draw they eyebrows on. Some of y'all ain't artistic so stop it. Shawty lookin real surprised and shit lol
Not reported by media: Thursday Geitner testified Obamacare will INCREASE BOTH shortterm and LONGTERM DEBT. A huge admission vs. Obamacare.
Katy freaking Perry. Goddess.
''I was once called my boss a jive turkey sucka....I was fired immediately''
you're so cute <3
Can you freeze cooked meat (ground or otherwise) that was previously frozen raw?
Thanks, if you post a tweet to a job listing & @ us in it so we see it, we'll RT it for you!
Good luck! You deserve it! :)
putting on jeans and slippers has never felt better.
I don't think today's a good day for anyone...😔💔
Find out if your relative has long-term care insurance with in-home benefits. Request forms and documents to claim caregiver benefits.
RT Want to win tickets to 's Coppelia? We'll be giving away a pair of tickets tonight during The Bachelorette
Can't wait to get YL Austin to Africa RT : Excited to hear from today to see what God has in store for me this summer
Our offices will be closed 12/24 - 1/1. We will reopen at 8:30am on January 2nd. Have a happy holiday and wonderful New Year!
should've seen it coming
So small Texas tour with , and Sing me to sleep! :) in july I think yes! With playing in Dallas with us! :)
Thelma ... beguile the tedium of the journey
YES!!!!!! #TheOffice is Officially back for a Fall 2012-13 season!!! Praise Jesus!
hey girl How have u been
Al-Jazeera says 6 journalists held in Egypt
Serving as Bankruptcy Trustee in Kevin Carney estate - if you know any victims, contact me:
Who's it gonna be?
oh me oh my clippers and chargers!
Exhausted. Going to relax w/July w/MillaJ on the cover. Luv her! FYI: buy wedding edition & get 1year subscr
Found that downloading a new NortonAntivus program myself was hard, but got very good & patient on-line support!
Can't wait to check out the showroom this evening and get some sweet new working man pants.
Rahon gets the second half started with a 3!
Getting started with Health Law 2.0 at #health2con. Ft notes that startups don't always understand the rules/regs.
Cheack out my Poetry Novel out at these sites The Book of Poems of That Treaveler at Amazon.com Barns and Noble.com and Borders.com
dont move! im leaving DC right now cu asap
yeah i can get that around the corner ;)
Love whenever the calendar reads Friday 13. I was born on a Friday the 13th
I completely agree. I hope companies will delivery these even though it means selling fewer replacement bulbs. #innovate!
Pretty sure I just ate that pizza, and didn't even realize it 'till it was gone. - Zach.
that's debatable...
"the ability to observe low-level detail made Wireworld's Solstice 6 a firm favorite.. a hi-res cable for hi-resolution system." -Hi-Fi News
So true! RT : MTV should just change the name to RTV (reality television) cuz they don't play music no more
Goooooodmorning Nation and all over the world
your just THAT amazing i guess(:
That one felt good
Matt Kinman will join the roster for the semester and play his first returning game tonight. Look for some bombs on the power play.
Happy Mother's Day to all the #Latism mamas, you are all close to my heart. <3
why thank you :)
I shudder to think what it will do to search.
but no u cant not walk to thrd period by ursellf guys u were just so adorable together lol<3
Everyone please follow the very talented
One would always want to think of oneself as being on the side of love, ready to recognize it and wish it well --but, when confronted with
hey I posted your video the other day. If you go on YouTube search "#KickbackSundays 4.29.12". It was dope!!!
blustery day here in Northeast Ohio!
show me its real lol
can I get a follow back? I effing love the shizzzz out of your bio. : ) can you post the video of JB and the beliebers plz?
Brooklyn Heights. Strollertown.
I miss my game boy
dude you missed it the school caught on fire
You're only one workout away from a good mood!
thank Lisa! Hope you can keep on avoiding getting tased!
My bedroom light is on, I'm in bed and don't plan on getting up. Guess who's sleeping with the lights on?
me too! waking up next to the ocean, shopping downtown, family time, eating good fried food, yum! :)
you're too funny
we can tomorrow after four if you want
He's Gay! #MyStrangeAddiction lmao at the dads questions! Does this turn you on?....yes *straight face*
waking up to this band always makes my day better
looking forward to visit to the Lit and New Media group today!
I just followed
♥ Tough Love.
I know but still
#ImMadBecause all of these test first ELA then the Math test then all of these finals
DUH Yes(:
You are precious to me. RT : still humming and strutting that sick bassline...
Just filmed at the press conference..12 churches re-opening..
Texas Longhorns 9/16 ′ Oval ‘Longhorn ’ Pendant – Sterling Silver Jewelry
great job on the film buddy... It was funny I loved when you walk in the church with in attitude and ur looks (priceless) gudjob
thank you jas :)
marketing promotion etc you
The first thing I noticed in Raleigh was the smell of fresh grass. Can't wait for that scent to arrive in Boston.
Just used #Square to help raise $1800 for survivorjoe.com. Very impressive product!
May the fourth be with you as you finish finals & papers.
“: I love the Penguins on Frozen Earth” me too
What, does the ex-priest who's guilty of plotting death of sex abuse accuser think it's OK as long as he goes to confession?
Huge shoutoutout to And she gets a shoutout because she followed
Just in: Sports energy in U.S. shifts from west to east: Rollerball on Netflix. Next up: Newt in Florida. #pdx I'm ready for
Are you enjoying your Summer, oakies?
I fell asleep at 7pm and woke up at 1am. Now I'm wide awake at 3:30. This sucks. What is there to do this early?
Dude, McDonalds is not food. Ew powdered meat.
Oh, oh....My "Liberal Bullshit Detector" senses Liberals in my timeline! WTH?
"If you can't convince them, confuse them. "
im not crazy i just didnt take my pills in a while ;') jkss
#motivation..Speaker with Cerebral Palsy traveling, Speaking all around...
Dr Gloria tells moving story about Smith Construction and the origin of the ARC.
#ideas2action fog creek guys who make trello: what if you made your roadmap public?
Seattle, baby, time to let a little sun in before one of us says something that they'll regret.
is tangled up in blue.
Yes, yes it is. Can't wait for that flick.
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end.
Go Blackhawks. Beat those coyotes tonight.
Need something new to listen to. What is the best album released so far this year?
Working it out at gym on nemo!
awesome video i just got done watching it before i saw ur tweet lol :)
Never trust anything that bleeds for a week str8 and doesn't die..
after all this time? always.
I'm pretty sure we're going to PHX.
#MyThoughtsDuringShowers What if the bar of soap has a Jeanie in it and while you were gettin' your lather on, some Aladdin shit happened...
STRIP CLUBBIN IT
How can someone be featured in your Magazine?
Made you ANOTHER new fan today. I'm building you an Army in Indiana.;)
I've always been an outsider
Downtown ChiTown w/ da skyline @ Epic...Martinis :)
New Tees coming soon. Stay tuned...
i feel like eating and eating right now i am going be fatter !
this chick just went upstairs to have a 3way with her sister and some dude.
All girls are beautiful :)
": Hating on others does not heal build you up or excuse being lame.. You need #JESUS!"
ok.. as I read about the google+ hangout masks last week, I thought, how stupid. Now that I have a reason to use them.. funny!
for like 25 seconds and the flavor is gone
Mixed messaging. “: Inbox: '100,000 Endangered Species Condoms to Be Given Away for Earth Day'”
oh okay lol
Three technologies that will increase in importance in our teaching: mobile devices, augmented reality, and gaming.
it's not usually an issue, but it keeps crashing when I try to move a page around. Need to upgrade? Ha.
can you send me a link i cant find it
#NYGiftShow booth 7222- come see us and sample some delicious cookies flown in from Savannah!
i love my clients!! feeling very blessed.
hahahaha you know it bro.
Bernard, FOX 9 will provide you the opportunity to talk directly to Rep. Kriesel tonight.
#BestPerformanceEver is trending, you know what to do
No... I think it may be wifi, because it is pretty horrible for me as well. Like it takes 20 minutes for me to CONNECT!
not because my animals are not sweet
lol your cool.I like you!
I know someone who knows someone who can probably make that happen...
bored as fuck
At any point during his trip did Looney roll luggage with wheels through the airport?
100 block of W 2nd in Aberdeen. It's the huge 100 year old white house.
#youknowyoubroke when you gotta get the extra 7 cent from a mcdonalds employee when you order off da dollar menu
CANNOT WAIT!!!!! RT Episode 2 tonight
I'm pretty sure... But just in case text me
yankeeincanada: $5 RT: : A quest 4 NOLA #sla2010 attendees, particularly What is the price of a Kamikaze at ...
i like when it rains up
ya dummy!
i'm gonna be dragging myself to school today.
that hoe stupid
Interesting comment on Warner rebooting Batman after THE DARK KNIGHT RISES. What about Wonder Woman? What about DC's bench?
S/o two my newest follower
I face timed you too! “: u aint call me hun I changed my number”
Watching #theoffice <3 it's just great.
Kudos Gamma chapter , winner of the Outstanding Chapter Management Award at !
haha thanks Elfie! That's the goal... It will be many years in the works tho :s. Your living in Singapore right? How's that going?
It's totally normal to have 75 or so different things of nailp polish... Right? :)
Their is a few kids I would LOVE to send to the Hunger Games. #I'mviolent
If Pac comes out alive right now for "California Love," that's really gonna ruin the surprise for Week 2.
And that's why I'll never go on a cruise.
Have to give a shout out to RSVP of Central Oklahoma! We had an amazing group of volunteers in the office yesterday. Thank you!!!
you're watching this too? The dominatrix right?
Thank you for the retweets
www.StockMarketTheGame.com fun education gift for fiscal fitness, learn investing with the family....customized with logo if you want.
It's $5.00 Monday! All films are only a fiver!
“: *Do not try this at home* Dude, we have to do this!”
Thanks you #SteveJobs for all that you have contributed to this world.Your work and influence has inspired more people than u can imagine.
Ya know I even avoided watching the beginning of the #Sabres game bc usually when I pop in late they have a lead. Balls.
I wanna be home with a glass of vino & my book...the one I wrote - one last read before off to the editor.
you and dean are too good for her :)
totally sweet. is that the "big news" or is there more coming?
Allen West trashes WHCD. It should also be noted that he complained vociferously about his filet mignon and demaded a 2nd serving of flan.
TRUEST STATEMENT OF THE DAY
I was in Hamen for the day :( ... next time lunch and chats!
Looks like I'm stranded up north.
not buying a bedroom floor rug, are you? :) So good to see you today. We are blessed to have such an amazing group of camp kids.
Wishing you the best in your recovery. Hoping you have respite from those who would bring you down. Take this this time for you.
At son's Little League game, behind us La Follette leads Verona 4-1 in baseball at Stampfl
service for Mug tonight another testament to why Parkrose community is so special. Just sayin!
LIstening to some Oh Land:)
Thanks for keeping up with this info!!
haha how are u?
Everyone changes. You can't expect someone to stay the same forever. You can't grow that way.
I think with the emergence of reality TV, u have a great idea. Let me know if I can help
and Ill be there to cover that one !
Congrats! You sounded great,... I'm pulling for you
We can, but wondering if that's only what this is about RT Are we sure we CAN'T raise $400k to send band?
Come on guys, let's get #ArianaDidAmazing trending!!
Something I saw..
a multi-billion dollar oil company, through a filing error, appoints an infant as chairman. call it "Baby on Board."
Why is Monday so far away from Friday but Friday so close to Monday?
We've arrived in the Philippines today with the Planet Water Foundation team. Looking forward to two great projects here!
All Them Albums In My Picture I'LL Fuck A Bitch 2 Yep Even .#ItsProblemsHoe .#HoeGoHam .
Congrats AAF Fort Worth, D10 Small club of the year!
this would happen to me haha
Glad somebody is happy!! I need cheering up
great avi dude
Girls in size 0 pants- ✋
remember when trey tossed his breakfast at me after I farted in his face
Augustus and the Holiday is just a perfect song.
Anyone is welcome to cheer me up!
Even, Steven.
I can't view it. the page say i do not have permission to view drafts.
where you at?
Thinking of everything I have to do overwhelms me, but I can do the ONE thing I HAVE to do, I will progress.
A.D.D. is a terrible thing to waste on a job.
coldplay helps everything
Chris Brown 3
But I did turn in my 1st draft of my "Friendships Don't Just Happen!" book manuscript before I flew out of town! Woo-hoo!!!
Twitter's having some weird font weight issues on Chrome (16.0.912.75 m)...
I love 's tweets they're so amazing <3 ah i'm in love with them <3
Thanks for the props, FedScoopers! :)
SSP scores an empty net goal with 32.9 seconds remaining to go up 4-2 against Warroad.
What kind of sick and cruel method do they use to assure that Baby Shampoo is safe for a baby's eyes?
Dear girls, Incase you didn't know ... Your boobs go INSIDE your shirt. Sincerely , the girl who's tired of seeing that!
oh no are you not feeling well ?
Boring ass day n everybody have attitudes
Seriously clippers?! DO NOT LET THE LAKERS DO THIS! Oh wait, not the Lakers... KOBE. 😒
#PeopleILoveTheMost my parents, without them I would be a total different person.
I wonder what my girlfriend is gonna get me for valentines day?!?!(:<3
Baby please don't go
cause I'm not prettier than you..
you live far tho suxs ... $ grrr i know its tough
indeed, you were missed!
Today the Pink Hats get to say how cute it is that there favorite players are using Pink Bats. OMG, qwqwfc Salty is so djdnjd . I'm crying
They did, that's Andreas
lmao I couldn't but might be better suited to race you in her new mustang convertible ...she might win tho lol
likes to touch other people's butts!.(; lol
Awesome family weekend=exhausted Monday morning. I wish that I could blow off work today and have a day to myself. But alas, too much to do!
Not jealous of the dentist that has to work in that mouth A.. :D
Is there a way to see the event schedule without registering?
Happy Birthday (: its my birthday to & we are both Jessie . how neat ?!? ❤
we are!? Where?
30 Minutes to Mars
REALLY?!? i just wrote a 4 page paper for you and you're gonna cancel class!!!? grrrrr
"Play is the exultation of the possible." - Martin Buber (via )
what u know about reversing thru the drive thru cuz only the passenger side window rolls down?
love mrs right cant wate to see you go on so random
don't worry - I have a few more blackberry jokes in my playbook
This is stupid. The "pit" performance during Muse.
it was cool
Dear morning shifts, I hate you. Dear customers wanting to buy show tickets at 7AM, I dislike you.
Bodies make the world go round
Great talent is undeniable Mr. Green... LOVE your new project!!! So raw and honest.
On the bus. Watching Back To The Future. Listening to Panic! At The Disco. And its rainy. Gonna be a good ride.
For a baby, a year is like half your life. For an old person, it's under 2% of your life. Time speeds up in every mortal's perspective
Please welcome Young_Freak1 to the Max life
I just had a tremendously wonderful walk with female rotti. She apparently knows heel. :)
If the Watchmen 2 movie is anything like Watchmen 1, it's gonna be two and a half hours
Does anyone know why the #Geneva isn't open 24 hours?
far, FAR too long.
Tall Females'
RT : Writers: Check out the "tiny truths" contest. Creative nonfiction told in 140 characters with hash
FROM AWESOME.
yeah that's true I have 3 brothers and I see 2 often but I only see the other 1 once in a long while so I know how u feel
: where do I get tix?
well jus found out tht gatorade damage your kidneys. the commercials lied. #inbox 4 more information.
you need to let me copy your map;)))))
You let the best girl you could ever be with go . What a shame.
im screwed.. i forgot to bring my homework. ffmmmmlllllll.
To all my followers in the medical field: I'm going through evaluating the pros and cons of MD vs. PA-C. Any advice / insight for me?
OH MAN that kid’s covered in Down Syndrome.
Where is the corn? Cracker Barrel
so bummed!
One can never REALLY succeed without the help of others.
Yea I am bro
DONT FORGET APRIL 3RD WILL BE PRESENTING THAT #TATTOOMUSIC AT HAVE A NICE DAY CAFE ... GET YOUR TICKETS FROM
i swear hes so lazy -_-
if only they could cross Heather w/Anika Noni and throw in some Angela Bassett turmoil. Bless my gay heart!
U welcome
it's seriously on RIGHT NOW on NBC!
Bored as hell, stuck: (
Ugh! I have one of those...and it's a dynasty ><
RT RT - Get $5 eyebrow threading for first-time clients at Yuva Threading Salon in ATS!
Where I am it's 8:41.
Finished takin my cute photos pics, they came out pretty good, #practicetime!
We're always looking for female masseuse who are interested in a part-time/on-call job.
bitch first of all dont get mad wit me wit ur fat ass
Tomba has been putting out some jams lately.
Thanks! Did you make it to the show?
Bloody Mary anyone? Shannon just finished a fresh batch of our famous mix- come check it out!
Thank You Hun!! :)
intellectual stimulating conversation
Block: today has renewed meaning as another of world's madman came to justice for his evil.
new Zealand, Australia and the USA!
You're a freakin pimp with the name Hugo
Cherish every moment in your life, joyous, medioctre or painful. Life is a true blessing, so be grateful for all you have not what you dont.
and are officially on Spring Break! Enjoy, and we'll see you back April 10!
Im doing good beautiful babydoll! Getting ready to go to my best friend's house to hang out tonight
This week is going to be so long
I thought Tweetdeck was fixed but it keeps crashing on me. Lame. Trying Plume but timezone seems borked. I'm not west coast.
PPI is so bogus. "If prices aren't being passed on to consumers why is milk, coffee, cheese 30% more expensive than a couple of years ago?"
Well I have to go sleep. Please follow me?I know you see this<3
My bro called off work so he could see my talent show performance on Friday! Gotta kill the stay like an elbow from World Peace
I follow your moves all week on twitter
anything but my tweets. Hahaha!!
Don't compare your life to others. You have no idea what their journey is all about.
If reporters are going use twitter for work then they shouldn't for personal rants.
PickUpLine: Do you have room in your life for another friend?
alright gotcha royalty
New Online Degree in Computer Science Amplifies Career Opportunities in Numerous Fields
ha! That's awesome! I guess I joined a new club :)
Yes I just landed a placement on nbc television show parks and rec. However, I would most def. Like to expand. I have many placeable ins ...
Little leak in the roof made worse by torrential storm! All is good now! ; )
Real loyalty is remaining loyal when I'm not around.
Invent time travel RT Is there anything the Phins can do today that will be praised by the fanbase?
so exciting.
Ha! My sister and I went on a Neil Sedaka kick, thanks to a friend of our mom's. :-)
I'm on a paper chase Yee Yee
It was a great few days for Watson...his love of the game, athleticism and brains, amaze me. I am sorry he didn't make it.
Haha, you know I had to mess with you.
Happy Tuesday! Hope it's a great day for all :)
Online teaching shows new ways to teach face-to-face.
me sorry :( #hateyouanyways :))
Fn a, this is gonna get good! Good thing I have a keg!!
did you ever see the original release of HxH?
school tommorow. gotts to wake up at 5 to get readdy. WAH. bright side is CALI on friday :)
Help us end H1N1 (SWINE FLU), we need CMA's with experience giving FLU SHOTS. Email resume to .
let's go with 6 just to be safe.
- I agree, Shannon! Great app!
So confused on what's going on on my timeline right now
RT : If you got something to say bout somebody, @ them.
Happy Good Friday!
Done with court, ticket gone, now.. Alabama best watch out!!! nd I bout to tear it upp! and meet Robbie of course!
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at it destination full of hope. - Maya Angelou
friends suck
So who is the greatest country legend of all time?
#Imagine You: Austin, can you describe me in one word? Austin: MINE <3
its not the same when ur not on gdc
Dear 1,516 Big Fat Cupcake followers. I have a cupcake emergency!! I can't follow anyone else because I need more followers!! Help!
te Logan thing
I don't even know what to tweet about right now.
I know ya were, but I love my office.
thanks so much for all your support!!! soo appreciated! love you! xo
I'm not even kiding . I'm running across the street right now -.- It's a ugly dog anyways
working on an imprinted mini stapler project. Thanks Sara!
Day two!
happy birthday!
:0i was about to buy it for u!did u start reading yet?
Baugher's in Westminster. For reals.
needs to be put back the way it was.The People Rule
Short stories. No books, bro, or I would have sent them already. You know I'm your tireless advocate. Mwah!
try conscientious objection. Say gym class is against your moral and ethical beliefs.
thank you good sir
i'm not interested ok
would u post some material on your site if I sent it to u and its hot?
Before I die, I want to go back to Galway and knacker drink a bottle of Bucky, smashing it on the sidewalk in grand Galwegian tradition.
#bednarz Speak your own conclusion, own the material.
Jodi, give me back my glasses and tutu!
Thank you for the RT!
Just been a victim of a hit and run. Seriously, how can anyone do that? Destroy someone else's property & just run off?
Working!!!! That's it. Where have you been? I have some new software I wanna try on your site. You still in Houston.
Create your bracket for the 67-game Men’s College Basketball tournament better known as March Madness.
I wanna be the last number you call late at night, I wanna be the first one that you dial when you open your eyes 💜
My stomach be growling loud as fuck right now. I wanna go home ):
Coupe be stupid low, I be stupid high.
My iPod I'd dying 😒
Da woman u love.
Till is yelling 😣
how u doin? U alright
yeah I still got it, you got mine? You better roll up to bscc this summer a lot, we such a great staff working there.. haha
that's my plan. But I'll need to actually remember to transfer the files!
listen to Margot & the Nuclear So So's, Broadripple is Burning. New fav.
What about Harry, Zayn, Louis, and Liam? -Maria
Yay! Finally done with work. Headin home then Beast Mode Round 2! #Powwww!
Did you just think that out load?
So I don't usually ask people this but... will you please marry me?? <3
Couldn't sleep for nothing... work at 630. School afterward gotta test... omg God be with me...
cool thanks.
the wedding invites are starting to pile up for the next year...i'm gonna be one broke girl
#WhyILoveYou because you take my breath away.
I'll never forget the small people lol and wow a baby?! That's no big deal lol.
Fantasy baseball might not be one of my talents. Ouch.
This time they tweeted complexity of life
Louis, I need your help.....
It is all sousaphone.
Retro clothing--or clothing your parents preserved from their youth--is worth its weight in costume gold!
I guess
Nationwide is on your side!
Don't give any more of an ego than he already has.
joining in with a +1 vote for evernote support!
Hey rumor has it Pge gave $6k direct to ccdc for run Ed run staffers
I want a girl whos real, and doesn't hide behind that bulllshit
What a great day :)
your insane! 😱
Off to an audition. I hope this Woodland scented body spray will mask my desperation!
Follow homie and help him become popular! Hahaha!
congrats on the kindle fire prelooad!
Baby you take me up
Swallow your pride Down , Down ..
RTsvp RT : Survey: What are the best book trailers out there? Please retweet & use hashtag #booktrailers -- for
ahaha lol boy bands have been an old thing since the 60s, and brits coming to america started then
butterflys in my stomach for this performance but i no once we hit tht stage its goin to be live and hes goin to be in the crown:D-Tamya:P
To clarify: The new 52 version of Stormwatch has thus far been about the queer courtship of Apollo & Midnighter w/ some monsters&exposition
Dennis the menace One of the best movies ever. DENNIS! I think unjust might watch it again. :) 💗
Eminem said and i quote, "you can do anything if you set your mind to it"
#bands #music #FF Support the music you love!
God must calling cuz my leg wont stop vibrating.. lol
that is the most eeevel laugh I heard today Tammy...settle down
Black album on blast
OMFG. Speechless! im so jelly!! Ugh I hate you so much!(;
How is everybody day
Milwaukee? RT Chicago Code starts tonight. I will watch because it's filmed in the greatest city in the world.
Nothing quite like waking up to the peaceful pitter patter of rain. Quite a cleansing meditation. It has eluded us for far too long...
I wish delivered.
Just realized how little I know about asian history .....and the final is tomorrow. My love of naps has fucked me again
That would be an awesome bowl game. Play until one team cries uncle
Oops? I don't think so.. but I'll try again tomorrow.
Done brewing the porter! Cleaning up and ready to BBQ! Come on by! 1742 n Rockwell.
who can jerk and dougie ;)
Time to turn the tv off for a week...unless you wanna hear bout Tebow 24/7
Can you DC us out of your office window? Better Farragut here quick, cant wait to see what we have in al pastor for you.
Part work. Part mini-vaca. I'll actually be in Boulder.
pray for me bro
lol, what subject was it?
Happy Thanksgiving Cincy Turkeybowl guys. Please tweet any injury or hangover stories. Or, what did last night.
what the hell are you on twitter for and what the hell is up with your name! I'm kickin your ass and tellin your mom
I know, right? Where's the suspense?
btw, why must we say "if I were" instead of "If I was"?
study hall with jacey..
damn I need to catch up
- looking forward to it!!
