This weekend has got to make up for this week
Well that fucking sucks.
he takes more time than i do..my mom is starting to question whether youre actually coming or not
Going to NYC soon! Any locals or frequenters have any suggestions about where I should eat/hang out?
#thingsbetterthensex sex with a blonde boy.
had an amazing day. :)
Can't wait 2 ruin my underpaid staffers lives on Greece excursion this week! #devilwearsturquoise #ABQ Thanks 4 paying 4 my trip
It is too goddamn early for me to be functioning right now
who did your hair?
yea fuck that police ass nigga...dat nigga get no play in my headphones...
I was due for an all night degenerate cash game session. Was a great game too, but ran awful. Down $583 in 6 hrs of 2/5 NLH.
^5 really pumped abt installing the long awaited AJS 2012 show tomm . it's going to be like christmas for me.
MT "When discussing sustainable museum audience engagement isn't curiosity more important than learning? #musesocial Mightsay!
Our Indiana Pacers are 1 game away from winning their first playoff series in seven years! Let's go, Pacers!!
I just feel like they're missing one more.. =P
One "n" in Buccaneers. Too many double letters. Bottom line, Chip Kelly looked into NFL, but ultimately decided for now, he's a Duck.
RT I want today to go by as smoothly as possible<<Always the plan untill some ignorant person says or do the wrong thing
follow me!<3 It would be amazing!
me either
It was raining. I was wearing jeans and a sweatshirt, asshole.
RT : Who else speaks sarcasm as a second language?
Congrats to and --the only day in history i'll ever be congratulatory to U of A haha!
Happy Ascension day Of Jesus Christ everyone♥ Tell the world He has Risen , He is Alive!
I dnt start nuttin and I know if she would try 2 start she gone get kicked out the event so yeah . Naah
Thanks for the article now i know can spot all of your tactics!! Good article indeed :)
I have feeling that beautiful blue ocean may be here in S. Fl! I will find out & will get back to you:)
#thingstoaskJoker does he like to drink milk?
If Petrino was going to cheat on his wife with a blonde woman than he should have stayed at Louisville
Black Friday is a disgrace. People are crazy!
follow me bitch,(:
“: "I am neither an optimist nor pessimist, but a possibilist." - Max Lerner”
Still trying to figure out Lion.
hey Fatima can you check out if they get 50 followers they'll give $100 to charity
just got off the phone with DC Park & Planning secured a commitment from them.
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro. Hunter S. Thompson (1939 - 2005)
AG Kamala Harris at #lawyersclubsd annual dinner - talking about SCOTUS decision re CA prisons.
Too many bridal showers, all under 23. Jayzus. That's West 6th on Sat. for ya.
By FAR the most ballsy wager in #Jeopardy history and it came from the Teen Edition! Chick had no business betting that, she already won!
man i really wish there was a way to know what miracle whip is up to on a daily basis.
Honestly does anyone want to be me? I literally hate myself. I'll pay you.
Don 't talk about it be about it ;)
brrr must be freezing! I grew up on Pirates Cove
I just added you to our PA resources. Question: Do you sponsor #vision #loss #support #groups?
Fear of the number 33???
loving to see all the must haves on D magazines talk shop for spring, yours are spot on!
JUST DANCE!!! The song that made famous! Happy Birthday, Mother Monster!
<333333 can i call you latttaaaahhhh?:)
People filing out of Cameron.
Overhead bins in #Airplanes are getting bigger. #United & #Delta are now upgrading bins to hold more
Extremely bored. :\ Help?
This week is gonna go by so slow.
your kids must love you!
everyone seems to be in a band now.
I'm on my hustle this week. Bills didn't stop just cuz I was away in Miami
Someone bring me lunch please & thank you
Hoping the Jacobs family is ok.
That's "for Laura and me," mister. (At last, a way to feel superior!)
"I, I can't be a wizard. I, I'm just.. Harry" Ohh how I love this movie<3
OK, looking at my spice options, I'm going with a chicken Korma. Think of it as Vindaloo's left threatening cousin.
I'm not happy
Robert Lincoln, who was Abraham Lincolns son, had his life saved by Edwin Booth, John W Booth's brother, before his father was assassinated
how can you simply be friends with someone when every time you look at them all you think about is how much you really want them?
Right back at you!!! Van Persie!
this happened 1st period: *gets A on paper*: me:"lehgo!" girl: "let go of what?" me: -___-
sometimes its fun to just play under the covers for a while, dont rush the sex too fast
I seem to be the only one excited for Earth Day. But the thing is... I don't even know why I am excited.
my favorite song changes everyday. today it's stand up
Trucking thru St. Joe. Anyone need anything from Menards? Might be having a two for one sale...
Yes! So true.
WTH are you doing up right now?!?!?!?!
Ah! I'm really stoked! xD You guys should come play Mario Party 8 afterwards with me haha.
Hey DC's On ur way back from lunch go down aisle 700. Pick up a #FREE sample kit ($25 value) b4 they're gone!
And valerie is FULL OF SHIT
Hahah what they did?? RT : Color me SHOCKED that Sketchers got fined for their Shape-Ups ads.
Large group of black girls eating fried kool aid. Wtf.
just added double trouble to the AC roster!!..that's right..Mater Dei's Wear Twins!!!
I feel dead with out my daddy foo .
If you have a close relative who developed heart disease prematurely--before 55 for men & 65 for women--your risk is higher.
scary looking bitch!!!
I can't get over the patriots coach's outfit! It's your big game! Wear a button-down!
Making cookies for the Thanksgiving dinner tonight!
Stay away from my restaurants!
That's the motto(:
2009 Januik Ciel Red is tasty red black fruits sweet tannins w grip and mod long finish. Pleasing and approachable
Omgosh!!!!! Was just awarded scholarship to d New York Conservatory of Dramatics arts! #God'sLove #soGratefulsoThankful #POW!!!!!
I am beyond fucked.
You guys make me laugh... love ya'll. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump. Hump.
Hey Anna! just thought it would be fun to reach out to you, every time someone searches my name, you come up as well! :)
you're welcome. we burn the candle and hold the place of hope.
are you doing it on purpose?!
- I am listening to your interview/music on Legends Radio-you tore it up! I will be on the show this Wed-getting ready.
Ok having echofon will make updating so much easier !!
we think so too and good luck on reaching your goals!
This weather change is really upsetting me.
Tonight's spam: I've won the US Green Card Lottery! (Hate to break it to them, but I've had a green card for 40 years.)
“: I know I can't always handle the truth...but I'd rather not be lied to.”
kinda bored,but im oke :p
I'm so proud of my daddy & his baseball team!! 💙⚾
We Will Review your music and submit it on our blog, Contact for Info!
Josh with his 2nd bleeder but he hit them soo hard last series, I will take it!
off to bed can't get you out off my mind .<3
Life's too short to dwell on all that's wrong
Sirhan, Lee Harvey, and James Earl, all just MK set-up patsies where other more skilled shooters fired the fatal blows..
After being in a meeting speaking Italian for two hours, I forgot to speak English. Oops.
So glad to finally be home after a week-long conference! Have been thinking about my comfy bed all day!
at my apt, taught by two foodie friends who lived in India last year.
#fourpeaks thirty hours to the world's greatest cheeseburger? Don't try this at home!
damn I cant RT that:/
Better to light one candle than to curse the darkness. -English Proverb :: via &
Mood went from :) to -_-
Thanks for the follow. We appreciate it.
New shirts are awesome
Agreed! "the public is absolutely a bunch of 13 year old girls..."
We will hold the vigil for LGBTQ youth Wednesday October 20th from 7-8pm on the North steps of the Rotunda. All are welcome.Pls wear purple
Just finished the book,now gonna see the movie.
There are specific steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
I feel like taking a nap. but I should probably start homework.
An stuck in a plane. The extendable jetway won't reach the fuselage. Uhh.
Congrats to for all the #DaytimeEmmys nominations! And to Chandler Massey! Well deserved!
it was FOR THE FIRST TIME. lol i went through so much trouble looking for it
no. She drove me to the airport.
Cliche answer, but Wes Anderson all the way. Though Jonny Greenwood's There Will Be Blood score was badass.
RT: We want to see in San Francisco - TODAY'S THE DAY!
I miss Camie too
haha thank you
u got it bro, well its time for my nap at work, so I'll hit u up sometime soon so we can practice. Peace
Watching Aladdin! I would watch the Lion King but then I remembered how much it made me cry, Haha
Awesome! Nothing better than a nice stiff headwind the entire ride home on an 87-degree day.
man guess what my due date is dawg
That darn life and work ;) Well I'm glad I didn't fall off the list somehow - The Urban Museletter is always a must-read
I think the Twitter commentary on the opening ceremony is more entertaining than the actual opening ceremony. #olympics RT
7 Month anniversary of #1 Girl & 2 Month anniversary of Unexpected Arrival Tomorrow.. :DD
my new year's resolution... NO resolutions!
“: Sheena’s favorite part of her job is introducing new staff to the #Obama2012 motto—Respect, Empower, Include..."
hey can you tag in your rangers tweets plz???
you are so inspirational baby!
whenever i watch #neversaynever i start burning up... thats called #BIEBERFEVER!!!
Start the day out right by saying thanks to , & for the follow/support love recently!
... and on the 3rd day HE rose with all power & might
yep...are we the only ones up?
BIg Dollaz Kim home tomorrow
RT : :"The American Dream shouldnt be thrown under the bus just so corps don't have to pay their taxes."
ahaha you thought you were special. LMAO SLAP MY FACE.
Missed visiting the church where the little girls were killed I took Emilia there when she was about 6 years old
today is going to be a slow day.
Loney's pick right there on Hart..
Sitting outside of Dick's waitting for it to open. 3min togo
Not at all, purely amused by the semantic irony. Obama has it if Gingrich nominated, with Romney it will be closer but still Obama
If Curlz had an ice cream cone dingbat, it would be the Cold Stone logo.
A Big Thanks Goes Out To All My Supporters! Check Out The Beats SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
About to take a nap..
Sleepy..gonna take a quick nap!
she's still 2 years from driving...
omg I'm going a little insane...actually take out the little part and that's me
The haul niggaz to new land on boats and mexicans in 18 wheelers... Ain't no way I'm gonna ride that long to only get caught when I c light
Off to work to stack some paper..
Don't forget to follow to get all of our Annual Conference updates & info!
never be ashamed of yer roots der
An honest man's the noblest work of God - Alexander Pope
balled today gettin closer
Have a very Merry Christmas🎄
thanks for the Follow Friday shout out! Have a great weekend
help support the film Gone Elvis by filmmaker David Newhoff at kickstarter.com every little bit helps.
FINALLY GETTING TO THE MOVIES... URGH
"The Kid With A Bike" by Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne .. beautiful.
Thanks for following, #JackWhite is the Greatest!
My youngest daughter has just compared my beard to grulla (a color used to describe horses)
k so i need more followers. now i feel stupid because i am talking to like 4 people. lolol.
keep on rockin guys!
My Denver Post will have a four-page special section on the Denver Broncos' signing of Peyton Manning tomorrow. get some!
From San Diego to around the world follow me for #breakingnews 5-7AM at the Live Desk!
Whoever is in this bathroom is taking their sweet ass time -.-
Nice! That could work really well.
But for some reason, I don't mind.
Who wrote "Nora"? Brilliantly written (and acted).
What's your favorite song right now? Mine probably has to be ET by the beautiful ;)
I just fixed the faucet, now I only got 98 problems.
Love the pic!
awesome! can't wait! #tasteofdc !
Walked all the way to the training room just for him to say you cud of txted me.....fml
It is a truth universally acknowledged that an editor in possession of a messy manuscript must be in want of a stiff drink. RT
Im not going no where guuurrrlllllll I'm stayin
Hey! wonderful day for connections. thanks for the follow!
it looks like it:-)
Most definitely :).
and think about all those people who died on September 11th 2001, as well as all of our military personnel, and our allies, who died....
Where can I find some good new workout pants..
yes, of course.
#FF I ran out of characters to be able to say thanks for the #FF!
Omg u Suck I have to work.for BGC tonight ugh
text me after your classes and we will bro hard!
going great in #sanfrancisco - amazed by the ease when I let the universe support me! How's by you?
Love your info!! Glad to be a new follower!
Good Morning to all my late bloomers it 8:00 you should be almost ready to leave home by now!!
About to set off to do a fourth sport psychology session with an ‘Eventing’ athlete. Focusing on the show jumping area tonight.
San diego to san Antonio today. Thank you for having inflight wifi!
Just sent a donation via paypal. Thank you for doing this! I may need such a scholarship next year myself. :-)
Can folks exchange their Eichten jerseys if they got 'em a size too large?
I like him, but this class is pointless.
If the new Taco Bell Doritos Locos Taco is "Everything you dreamed it would be". You probably dream of eating salty, spicy crap.
:) Have a great weekend!
Has any MC used the line, "Get paid so much Congress calls me currency manipulator?" It's rushed, so Fu-Schnickens?
love dont cost a thing
yeah by saving Abel right?
My next boyfriend must be or at least pretends he is.
For some reason this week has been exhausting. Looking forward to cincy this weekend...even if it is for basketball
8 more chapters and I'm done with my book. :( It's an amazing book!!
off to seaco
Attending the Loyola GSB event on Friday
#schoolmemories everyone laying their head down in ms.simpsons class while she was teaching lmao
Thanks for coming! You are a beautiful model! :-)
Thanks for sharing :). Hope you had a great weekend!
Hi I like you and missed you today
Be #Oneinamillion not like everybody else :)
love of my life!!!!!! and YES so very khoshgel!
Hows the family? not as much as iMiss you
Before you sleep with that griffin, you should prolly ask it to file its claws. Maybe put some plastic down.
thanks! Will do!
Show off that body!
you don't like milito?
where are you?
Whole foods = whole paycheck.
The intelligent man is one who has successfully fulfilled many accomplishments, and is yet willing to learn more
Hey UConn Libraries! I'm an iSchool student from University of Washington, visiting Storrs this weekend. What should I see?
We can't wait to you guys at Jammin Java on June 24th.
Just set up a consultation at So excited! Even if she refers me to another artist. I'm still excited.
I have a pretty low tolerance for bullshit squabbling. The good thing about Internet squabbling is I can just turn it off.
Good morning everyone. :)
He made up for being super late. He's still amazing, even though he irritates me sometimes. :P
We twissin it up crazy :)
Big win ! #Respect!
What a man takes in by contemplation, that he pours out in love. ~ Meister Eckhart via RT
aww haha that's very sweet!
hey where have u been u monkey brain.. :)
my uncle is so sick! D:
#MadMen is getting stranger and stranger.
Kansas make up your mind on what weather we have!! Its freezing
I can hear you singing.
I hate being an adult sometimes. What's wrong with laughing out of the blue? Some people look at you like, "how dare you laugh."
hey thanks for the follow back :)
Really love this compliment. I've always felt that was the one factor that set The Beatles apart.
Hahahaha! I defy me too! How are you kind sir?
At Emerge JV
Now Playing: Rangeele by
What does "RT" mean in tweets?
BIG bang just now! Cable's still on. Date with #RogerSterling and #DonDraper is still on...for now.
#ImHappyWhen I see other people who thought they couldn't do something , do it
tell me more
I'm thankful for weekends, the 8 hr workday, collective bargaining, and worker solidarity. Thanks, labor unions.
Attention: The Regional Clinical Seminar, "Maximizing Stereopsis in Patients with Strabismus or Amblyopia" in June is officially SOLD OUT
omg i do love my housewives! if you do too, count our blessings it's on every day cause it's not in paris or most other places on earth!
have the awards happened yet? Was Gabby recognized at all?
no, she's API d but I dunno where.
Curious - do you keep bee's for pollination reasons, of just because? I've always wanted to do it but not had the space.
hiring a personal trainer..i need MOTIVATION!
Hell Yeah!
that's crazy!
GO NUGGETS!!!
Word on the street is that #traderjoe's is opening in Clarendon tomorrow. This girl plans on being first in line!
President #Obama will visit our own Chesterfield County's Fire Station 9 on Wednesday!
One liners are the hardest gig!
yea iite..not tryna hear it!
Pride n prejudice little women and wizard of oz free previews at library all weekend www.yatkids.org
Yes please do! Have fun!
We were all bizzy and stuff with Folsom Street Fair this weekend. How was YOUR weekend? :)
snarky boy, you!
Today’s hurried culture has changed the expectations of social behavior. In an effort to keep pace with deadlines & demands of every day.
too funny
Once UFGT is over you better start tweeting VG NEWS CEO 2012 etc lol. See you in a week man.
#RESS event underway, Melanie Healey about to take the stage.
San Diego courthouse copies = $.50 a page. I'm assuming they are printed on leather.
A warm welcome to Raul A.B., Skip B. and De la Vega! Thank you for your support...
I might be able to get another toy amp, but they keep breaking & I feel silly using one with a Fender, haha :)
You are welcome!
When starting a fitness program, don't make weight loss your only goal. Strive to feel better, to have more energy, to be less stressed.
Spot trending now in Glendale, CA: Crumbs Bake Shop - Dessert (live updates)
We find grantwriting quite enjoyable. It's the waiting for a response that kills us!
no problem hun.(:
Yes. No bird poo for me, please! Lol
Great meeting with you! Thanks!
RT : character flaw or occupational hazard that I tend to sort ppl I meet into "admissible," "under review," "deny immediately"?
didnt i push u off a cliff once? how is it u still alive..unless.....ZOMBIE!!!
True. But not evil. Just overworked. MT She didn't mention you. Looks like the work of evil desk editors.
am I the only one who isn't seeing all their @ replies?
This dude ==> in comfort of his bed while I'm on the road to success he talks a big game but we'll see
man u better not forget again
RT Gotta love the clever comments like "thats a pass Ryan would like to have back" Really? A pick 6 that wasn't intentional? LOL
Way to go! 2nd marathon! Impressive Myles -- keep it up!
Beautiful day for a tennis match. Let's do this.
Thanks Tom.
We will be at North Tartan Meltdown this weekend...Coaches, Adella Randle El's stock rising everyday, she will be w/TW Select Noll this wknd
WE WILL FIGHT TIL FOREVER! FOLLOW & WE WILL DONATE to #makeachange !!
You've got the toughness in you.
“: If you flirt with 100+ girls im probably not gonna take you seriously”
taco bell sucks!
Sleep deprived and possibly have strep throat AGAIN?!
well you pick from whichever ones lol! I though it was gonna be like a slide show You guys should do that too it'd be cute!
Love getting friends addicted to my favorite books. #chicagolandvamps is exactly what she needed right now -- strong women and swords :)
Shamefacedly realize that I don't even know what this year's bandwagon is.
Good luck to everyone running the Boston Marathon tomorrow!
Ubaldo just walked a hitter. This is rare.
To all students who attended "Student Saturday" at #AAA09, I'm collecting thoughts and impressions to improve it next year. DM me w/ ideas!
Gonna go meet with the CEO of girls scouts ha.. Hoping she can help me get a J O B
haven't been on in forever!
We've announced more artists for Minerva! Head over to minervamusicfest.com and check it out. Saturday Aug 6 - VIP available!
Also, you are required to post a photo of your feet.
I just squeed my pants.
Aye! What it is Fans :)
never glorifies in the death of any human. Jesus said to pray for enemies. I pray for his soul. I pray for peace. And I let God be God.
In the library #gross :/
it doesn't matter anyway, no one can camp out I've already called, cops will escort ur arse out soo lol they can't camp
#Pandora keeps playing songs with lyrics "the sun is shining everyday" and "the sunlight hurts my eyes". It knows I'm in #california <3
#2011icf #David Peterson insights: Coaching works...Time to outcome seems to be the biggest variable...
Free entertainment courtesy of my office neighbor! Thanks for hyping me up!
if you would like me to write a blog post for using social stories/video self modeling to refer to let me know
How do I remove a twibbon?
everything so clear now. now i get it
I wish there were a Find My Car app.
saw it by nthe dashboard lights
What will be... will wait for you to make it happen.
Agreed. Haven't heard if Kobe has a concussion or not.
Win your Script tix this weekend!!
follow the team FWM #WE MOVING
RT : "A good leader is a person who can step on your toes without messing up your shine."
going great how is your's.
Guess I was out of town too long - cute hair !
RT 1985 “The most compelling reason...to buy a computer...will be to link it to a nationwide communications network" Steve Jobs
Let's Go #RexSoxNation !!!
Giant #Arlington #raccoon sighting w/ and Beats #DC's rats any day.
Finally i found love<3 On page 96 in the dictionary.
lol yeahh he started following since I started using twitter
where the one by our house? and how much do they pay?!
Will do Mr. Welch. Hope 2012 finds you blessed in every aspect of your life. Keep a lil UNITY in your heart! bye
Thank you. My nephew was sweet, intelligent, big heart and cared deeply for the world. And too young to say goodbye at 24.
omg...how are u ganna see it D: uhm go to a friends or cuzens house who has a computer lol
Great drawing, you got my vote.. Good Luck!
Me too dude. And yeah, been well. You?
yes, we found a house in Arlington, offer accepted this afternoon!
Yep. It be like that sometimes.
Weak sauce :-P RT Bucahnas kicked my ass -.-
Some1 should ask #MittRomney how he feel about #Facebookowner running frm paying #AmericanTaxes by going ova seas. sounds familiar huh
unbuttoning your pants after eating damn lyfe iz gud
follow it's just one button to press. xx
so far no arrests but most likely that will change by the end of the week. Medicaid does matter to many for survival.
never mind
Ollie the book is better than the film
Comfort is productivity's greatest natural enemy. This blanket is so cozy as I try to memorize....Z
great meeting you at #uxcampdc this weekend! Hope to talk #ux with you soon! /cc:
damn straight!
Miami on July 22nd! I hope she comes back on a 2nd leg
"The best way to make your dreams come true Is to wake up." J. M. Power
Sun Tzu says...
As (in a vacuum of just that small exchange) it's the difference between total racist and not racist at all.
A year and a half on the job, and I'm still having firsts - working on my first program development template and first web site diagnostic.
yes and I har to work for a couple of hours...that's right only a couple of hours - yay
real shit wven tho i was a crab #limitations RT : I miss my band days with we used to cut up on the squad lol
3-seed...out...3-seed...out...the Pacific is driving me CRAZY!
no way
iMerchant Mac - Credit Card Terminal, a desktop version of iMerchant Pro for iPhone, email for free beta.
:) RT : Follow me more closely to see what not to tweet!
Drinking chocolate soy or chocolate almond milk out of a single serving box makes me happy.
African-Am women awarded 4.3 percent of PhDs. As of 1993, they were .9 percent of tenured faculty.
Looking forward to our class tonight on Scenario Planning class on 1/23 at bit.ly/ypTmIv
Just wrapped a shoot at #Bonnieandclydes and now bottle service at
wtf!?! how do u have 600 followers and XING has like 10???
yes, the leaves look similar to the snap dragon pic. Oh, it will be exciting when it blooms! :D
You're welcome. :)
he must search his name for hate ...
I wonder what Austin's news is ... -Ally
Retweet this if you like #Spooning!
New Year's Resolution to drop a few sizes? Arasys Inch loss system & Slimming Packages on special starting 2morrow...buywithme.com
5. Understanding how to analyze all this data, possibly the largest bottleneck in biomedical research - Dr. Green,
teachers who use #flipclass - what do you use to annotated over your videos?
Dig deep cause it'll be all gone once the big girl arrives
When you cook jalapenos...always take out the seeds. Trust me on this one
I don't understand why people talk about artist they don't like. I don't listen to the shit I don't like so I'd never bring them up.
We are getting to be on quite intimate terms with the vet. Old dogs are more work than babies.
": i luvvvv dat nunu name lol I b making da hardest nicknames" Whoop!! On it!!!
writing a letter (not even an essay) for a scholarship and I feel like it';s 10x better than my college essay! I'm only on the 3rd sentence.
"Voluntourism" - volunteer tourism. That is a new term I can completely get behind!
Ha! Great photo!
Thanks. It's still evolving, but it revolves a lot around hand lettering and happy imperfections.
I have never read a marvel comic book
;-) I gotta, like, do work. I'll bug you later. Take a nap at some point, please.
remember that one time we were in Branson and that carnie was whistling the Jurassic Park theme song the whole time? Hilarious!
Gogol Bordello + Coffee, this may cause my heart to explode.
u tell me
#ConcertWishlist Mac Miller
if yo' arms are sore you should get a snuggie like my Justin Bieber one!:)
We all fuck up sometimes.
This girl in my class >>>
a few is more. It's sad that I have this knowledge., but I do.
I'm fenna be late a'f
Be the person your dog thinks you are
#terps looking to leave State with another unpleasant memory, this is the one team #Freidgen has owned
never say never huh? Shit I find it hard for my 8yr to #believe anymore but she is a big fan hope u notice her one day
Jinx RT : Amazing stat of the night: Cavs shooting 94% at the line.
I loved the movie SnowGlobe with I watched that with my class at my school.
If God is the DJ, then Life is the dance floor; Love is the rhythm, and You are the music. -P!nk
At 8 different schools with the Voter Ed & Reg Drive and these petitions for local control ate filling up fast!
Well hello there!
what gym you go to?
Brandon Roy when he had knees.
Huh. Some gangsta rapper outta grab True Rap for a name cuz it's an anagram for Rapture.
wow you never told me, thats bad of u.
Yay! Have fun!
fumbly fingers on a website can get dicey! But our final results say it all. Have a great weekend too.
Thx man, cool name LoL. Very thought provoking LOL
My stomach feels like guile used a sonic boom on me
Finally found my golf swing in the dirt... Can't wait to play!
though it's not a sport
Happy Friday yal
:O felt my baby cousin kick in my aunts belly ! Cant wait to see you baby boy :*
Theon, you're such a lying little shit.
As usual, I can't sleep...
thanks for the promo! We look forward to dancing at The Happenings!
you already know where I was going with that
Looking forward to seeing my girl later today
Roflmao, Flight attendant I don't do well with serving the public
I really need summer break
it's kind if true though. The only way to eliminate head injuries: kill the weight room and revamp S&C programs.
lmfao, woaaaah, so some lady said i look 22 . she sick out her damn head.
feeling better baby cheeks?
Braces off, whole day off school, & jersey shore...
S/o to my new beautiful follower
That vid is too funny not to watch
Proud to have been a former Dairy Farmer from Wisconsin , with Certificates of Expertise in that field. Also
What an amazing night last night!! So many great prof B2B women in the room! Thanks for hosting us at our mixer !!
That is awesome! Love that could be at the top of that list and we both love everything about your store! : )
God morning!
Cutting lots ppl from my life today... feels great
Keep kicking butt, darlin'! We all know you can do it in your sleep!
Your hairdo looks wonderful!!
For Open NW applications already suggested: my Informatics students built a couple of working prototypes last quarter. It's all possible!
Exclusive: U.N. derided Fed sticks to promoting a cover-up of Leonardo DiCaprio in Wal-Mart stores
#stm2012 need an optimized text format something like html5---used by many or all publishers
For claiming of being the 99% of the people, why is there only Leftist groups which is just 33% of the politcal spectrum? No moderates?
#bloggers wanted for #legendsfantasyleagues. if you love to blog and want to get more recognition contact us thanks
Live and let diet.
I was literally just wondering what he looked like. Thanks for sending.
One spot left for our Child Theming Workshop!
♬ Happy Birthday Beverly Lee from the "The Shirelles" in 1961 had a U.S No.1 hit & U.K No.4 hit with "Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow" ♬
Yeah 'cuse! Sweet win over UConn! Keep on rolling Orangemen!
Random annoyance update: Most commonly misspelled word: lose. It's incredible how many people spell it as loose. I'm loosing my mind...
": Shoutout to on producing Plies new single "With u" #proudofyou 😘"=baby I fucks wit u
Congrats first of many wins to come! :)
#YKMVG I'm going to say that it's definitely So. Cal! I love you, Veggie Grill. I have turned many of my friends/fam on to u!
Your interview on Jimmy Kimmel was amazing. You are hilarious. I think I just developed a crush. It was the backpack.
i saw that omfg
Watching #WhatMyHusbandDoesntKnow on BET
I'm so bad I deserve a promotion!
Rihanna on tv speaking spanish with the latina models
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance – Derek Bok
Tonight's plan: dinner & some movie called The Avengers. I've heard it's pretty decent.
If looks could kill girl you would be a murderer.
I fully support your run and use of gavone.
A movie, champagne and butter lovers popcorn. Were so fancy!
Jan'12 MCAT cycle has ended...We miss you all and wish you the BEST! GOOD LUCK on game day!!!!!!!!
exactly part of the pointless nature of QR codes. I can remember a test URL
Who should we follow on twitter?!
"Success is psychological."
#happy4thofjuly eat healthy! enjoy the fireworks!
sorry babe...ull kno when its the right one...trust me
: No. Kidding.
Agreed. Maria, you have easily earned the title of 'The Queen of Creative Curation'.
Whats your username on YouTube? :)
I'm proud to be a New Yorker. Proud to be American
Just go fuck yourself.
I need to be in a straight jacket in a padded room right now before I strangle someone. No joke
omg I'm so sorry dude that shit suck. That cleveland dude is a fucking idiot.
I've been seeing pictures! Yikes! But, hey, it's always good for skiing at Easter, eh? ;)
If 2 donkeys are having sex, could that also be known as F-ING Jackasses??
FRIDAY we are playing with mychildren mybride at The Ironworks, come headbang with us!
great idea “: we should do this; start small, start fun. could be #dietribes project”
Thanks FiDi for such a warm welcome on our new spots, 100 Spear and 231 Sansome. See you next week!
what do you think of the Vegas #knowthecode commercials? Just saw one this morning for the first time.
HAPPY HOLIDAYS TO ALL OUR SCENTSY FRIENDS!! ENJOY!!! FAITH LOVE HOPE PEACE
Taking a bath with Epsom salt for aches. Wiener floats to the top.
Haha Thanks, appreciate it man. What's your favorite movie?
pedagogy theories are not covered in standard archaeological curricula, need more #pubarch courses
CONFUSING ass people
r u going 2 the meet & greet Friday? Or will u be back from Vegas by then?
How am I still awake right now.
Sometimes I RT things and then wonder if everyone who follows me necessarily follows the person I'm RTing anyway.
Oh, so you are 2 hours behind me. cool
if that's what's really being claimed the position is completely suspect empirically.
Epic fail of New Year's Resolution #52..after two weeks, I cannot face another bowl of oatmeal.
Linkin Park, "What I've Done"
Inspired by the greats.....
I want/need someone to talk to.
I can never wear nothing sexy for her, she immediately just snatches it off like damn can I show you first !
Eagerly awaiting some news today. I pray to God that it's good.
OMG - or should I say OMA (A for Allah) RT : I did not factor in the charges having to be read in English and Arabic.
Are you serious right now...you have to be kidding me right now.
PACKER fans UNITE, lets shut up these idiot giants fans, who think they can come to OUR house and win.
All my dm's are just spams -.-
Hey thanks for the add. What penny stocks should I be buying. Google is still a penny stock right? :)
At Meadows HS Camp Expo promoting Blazer Basketball Camp. This is the 20th year of Blazer Basketball Camp. C'mon out to the Expo & get info
Josh Taylor raises some thought-provoking questions about preserving "born-digital" information like FB updates and tweets.
Thanks for the reply. Love all of those places. Looking for somewhere with more light. Maybe Upper Crust.
and austin is a boy belieber, so you beliebers are basically hating on something in the family. thats cool.
Stop in for lunch 2011 s. 1st Milwaukee WI The Horny Hideaway
Going Down TODAY in Huntsville!!!
I'm Da Boss!!
Crosby = Toast
u have to many hoes faith
How adorable!!!
That one is the best I've seen across my feed so far. Kudos.
Go Chicago Bulls!
“: I need some weed man somebody call the weed man. I'm tryna get high.”
a liar girl..hate!
me to but I don't think I could do both
I hope everyone treated their Mothers to a great day...My mommy is in heaven...I miss her calling me.. her Dolly!
happy birthday to my widdle pezdooger ! love you girl <3 
what, no photos?
Drinking soup alongside a cool spring breeze and under a benevolent sun ... I could think of more traumatic experiences.
I'm glad I have people who care :)
Thanks so much! RT : Google Doc with spreadsheet of online tools. See FB doc under group
Take two was entirely muted ... I'm off to an awesome start. But this tutorial gets better every time I redo it. :)
I'll tell you when the homeless guy pulled down his pants & shat on the G train all I wanted to do was breathe
its past dec 25th, man
switch spots on bed, see avatar every night :)
----> RT : James Jones dnt play defense.. we need stops a.s.a.p
Did Brendon lose something as to why hes weariing that Pink Headband or is that his choice to as he wants to????
SNAP works, don't change it. Changes mean cost increases. -Craig Gundersen
With at the Catholic Stewardship Conference. Come say hi, we're at the Liturgical Publications booth!
30 miutes away from our shirt giveaway contest. Know your western movie trivia. Pale Rider..
AAPT as underground as me. Check it out. Breaking a penny tomorrow, still pending Walmart distribution news.
thanks for the support!
Good news for drivers in #Miami-Dade and #Broward this morning. See you in 2 minutes on NBC 6
How's everyone doing?
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT!! #FMF2012 GIBSON SHOWROOM SAT APRIL 21: 7:30 pm! Be there! Orlando 2012
“: nobody fucks with me bro...smh” females don't respect u bro
Why love if losing hurts so much? We love to know that we are not alone.-CS Lewis
Saturday June 2nd!
There is NO military charity like Want to help our Heroes overseas? Check out this incredible non-profit!
Getting to crunch time for the cd. Mat or not make the oct date. Place your bets now.
thanks for following - I look forward to your updates/knowledge
Can't wait to see the drama club do Hairspray!!!! With Desiree!!!!;)
They tell me I have got a mind of my own, but sometimes it's like my mind itself has its own mind.
Win or lose, there's no player I like seeing play well more than
Just started book 2. You once said something like "I'll take to wearing gowns" so now, in my mental image of you, you do.
Spencer Tracy was born in Milwaukee.
#BOYFRIENDReview I love that you're growing up and your voice and music too
Appreciate you checking us out! We can offer your readers a custom coupon code - interested in writing about us?
if only i could look at him...
Basically, from the viewpoint of real human value we are all the same
Austin has 2 cats and a dog. Romo, Anthony, and Angel! RT if you have a pet. (:
Every man is a doorway thru which t/ Infinite passes into t/ finite, thru which God becomes man, thru which t/ Universal becomes individual.
The Austin #SXSW ECO Startup Showcase starts in one hour. 5-7pm at Lanai, 422 Congress
that you love life and the people around you. Which, I believe.
holy shizzaaaa is sexy. why didn't i know about sooner!
I love my country so much, if there was a bald eagle right here....I'd fuck it.
They are the WORST. Had them during my last bball game. no bueno
planet fitness in Reisterstown
visiting NO with fam and walk past Michigan FB team loading on bus. Had to rep tOSU!!!
have to follow 37 people back. I'll do it when i'm out of following limit kay ?! (:
got it! I'm an idiot. sends a tweet and fogets what he's talking about. thanks. [bashful]
this weather makes me so happy.
Here's hoping Steve #Nash comes back for one more round.
they just mentioned you on power 96 lol
Also, the floating library in The Scar.
Thankz to thankz for following me
Not during this game.
I don't find it cute when guys smoke weed.
I call BS!!
Don't put a question mark where God has put a period.
Since you all loved the Go To Team cooler last week, we thought, why not give away a GTT camping chair? 'Like' this photo for your chance...
I get there from time to time. I always leave the Atl Eagle disappointed, never find many friendly guys, very cliqueish
RT SURROUND YOURSELF WITH POSITIVE & GET POSTIVE RESULTS, SURROUND YOURSELF WITH NEGATIVE & FAILURE IS YOUR NEW NAME!!
Brought to you by: TMG TOPSPOT NETWORK... For more info visit :www.sumersizzleseries.com
i hear ya. So what's the advantage for a smaller retailer?
Minorities are abt 1/3 of the U.S. population, but make up more than 1/2 of the 50 million people who are uninsured
Sad A** fact: You know when you have big boobs when you break the biggest bra you have
if softball was easy it would be called baseball
Suddenly, I wanna scrape the rust off my old sketch pad & see what the ole man can do.
The Chrome/Zotero problem literally keeps me awake at night.
Thank you, and you're welcome :-)
Would love to see the Sox crumble to rays on Thurs.
Oh my goodness gave me a kiss! Its too dark to tell, but I've been blushing since!
Oh, and I need a new straightener. Please.
Oh, I wasn't clear. It means that (around work) I'm going to make sure I'm outside...which means away from twitter!
uh yeah wah iz dat supposed to mean you don't believe me? And thanxxx for making me look dumb foo!!!! Lol
right because M. Williams doesn't realize it gets cold in Buffalo.
appreciate that ;)
Just left 39th.
no trouble at all. My pleasure.
@ the egg who wants me to get a gift card--NO.
Thank You Lord for the Freedom Riders!
Talked to max tonight abot cooking vegetarian food.. I'M A GOOD cook but worried & excited when I have to cook for a vegetarian soon
Shoe licker strikes again.
Trivia with DJ tonight at 9:30. There's a mystery prize tonight!
yeah its so good. but they only sell it at taco bell =[
dunno yet..
The #NFL owners meeting must be kinda funny for TT. Like hanging out with all your rich friends knowing you just get a paycheck. #whosetab?
thanks so much George! Your amazing! Much love. ; )
NICK VAN!
naïveté is trusting in what can't ever be. I'm just telling you what is. Facts is facts.
Thanks for sharing, nice video!! See you this weekend!!
I just finished writing another fan fiction story of The View with whoopi, and dibbie, and joye and star
Jane Addams Hull-House exhibit to explore Chicago teaching artists work fb.me/16kjAcbC7 via CTULocal1
I think he running a special over there... But I'm not sure but I'm sure in a record time youll be amazing
This is pretty awesome.
Time to show some pride Lebron! We need change for those 4th quarters. And not just dimes, points $#@%#@
Happy BDay to 1of the best bodies&set of lips in the business. i'll be watchin ur videos in my birthday suit in ur honor.
Hey follow back plz?=)
You ma'am have done an incredible job training the AI contestants and your very talented daughter. She is a
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Hippie Barbie ...complete with simulated controlled substances and paraphernalia
ironically--just saw a police van go around the block twice--right by them
me too but it's to cold right now “: Glad I have a pool I can jump into whenever I feel like it :)”
. is looking hot! Who is coming out!? Get out early we are going to be packed tonight!
Gone With The Wind ... another Sell Out at the Plaza Classic.
Thanks for coming to our mixer last night ! We hope you enjoyed the evening and met some incredible women!
and then I will be done, finished, over. I won't spend my days from six in the the morning through night with the characters I've...
thank you!
Kloppenburg's team is apparently at government accountability board - a sign they may be asking for a recount after all. So far, not filed.
#LETSDOTHIS be there soon with
Thanks! It was fantastic!
If U have a loved 1 in prison N Missouri, U may get a Three Squares greeting card soon. We just shipped them a 2nd order.
Archaeology from 1 to 525 in a day. My brain
If only i was an asian.. oh wait..
RT : Ok... RT Tonight's baseball game between Northwestern St and LATech has been cancelled because the...
Listening to The Wall until I fall asleep
Brunch replaces breakfast and lunch, but mainly b/c one has slept through breakfast.
download an app called Voxer ;)
Being at school at 5 am. <
I hate those memes where ppl take the worst lyrics from today and compare them with the best from the past.
why would they ever be?
Nights like this I wish.... my niggahs were here
One of the greatest music festivals is SXSW in Austin, Texas.
That could be my next tweet is so random and funny
I just got my Chinle Ice Nine portfolio kit (Entrada bright) today!!
What's up, pup?
The first time this was used by myself it was genuine. The latter times, I used it because I thought it was a cool excuse: "Sorry, we put...
A special prayer goes out 2all who were effected by the storms this week. We'll also pray 4those who r presently experiencing life's storms
Glad to know I'm not alone. With limited budget, a lack of bib/notes is a deal breaker these days.
I am well aware of the basketball royalty banner count. Oh, and that you have zero.
same here. Wish day would end
Wtf, im following over 1000 people?
Coming to other campuses Indiana U; Florida later...
Best part about tomorrow: 50+ pounds of Bison hand delivered by Ed Eichten from Eichtens Hidden Acres.
1 yr kettlebell anniversary. Never felt better in my life! thanks for the guns + 4 the inspiration
Riley's first article on Black Studies ruined my morning. Her second article, a half-assed defense of the first, has ruined my evening--!
Working on completely redoing my facebook business page & uploading many new photos to the website today. Check back for when its published!
all night?? What were you doing?
will do and will make sure to tell everyone u reminded me! So good to c u 2nite!
Serving as director and NABTalk Editor for National Association of Bankruptcy Trustees
If You Get A Haircut Everyday CENZO Will Be #BALD D:
I have the sudden urge to put on some Boston, #MoreThanaFeeling and dance around singing into a hairbrush for a microphone.
I Got Tha Juice
I alway find everything eventually.
what the hell is this?
Kottaras' new batting music is Tool. Same band as Randy Wolf's pitching music. Just sayin'.
did you hear drop.io was going to be disappearing soon?
When I found out Drew Brees had won Off. POTY, I used my Toddlers & Tiaras deductive skills & hoped it was for MVP!
on the phone with his mother and going over some things online. :-)
i want to but i am not by a computer. Just my iPod. Do u think it will work?
I am just wondering who r u 2 judge anyone?
I'm giving my parents hints I want to meet for my Birthday and/or
Have you signed up for the Joint ASLA and APA conference in Utica?? Be there!!!
Nowak: When you start the season with three losses it is right to describe things as a state of emergency
nope, got a few replies. One was my exact view on the movie. "Dances with Wolves" in space
Excellent writer, seeking a permanent position in Chicago, HIRE ME!
Passing Daytona :D
Open window breeze & LMN!!!
DAM I KNEW SME WAS GOIN ON
you're doing "vacation" wrong
His account is protected.
The friction cause by haters will ignite the fire that propels you into your destiny...
Late lunch with the ladies in the family.
Best flight yet.
Dnt guess be sure...
WITHOUT ME....K BYE
I voted. Do not screw this up, :)
I need a hair cut DJ!
Sucks that it's almost baseball season. Boring tv without college bball and nfl
lol you wrong for postin that pik of me
I can't wait until you guys come back to Florida! :)
Even the best fall down sometimes...
Is their any place I can send an airsoft gun to for repairs? bolt ;)
Great advice
have you tried Rugged Max
Had the BEST dream ever during my 5 hour nap! Wishing I could be with him right now<3
If you don't have a #mobile strategy -- you're lost. It's real time and specific.
Did anyone have a tear fall down when they seen the boys on the preview...? Just me... K
Watching Extreme Cruise Ship "Oasis of the Seas" ... And wishing I was onboard!
At least according to their tv show.
....and the storms r back....ugh
I want my MTV.
Who else wakes up in the morning and checks their Facebook like its the morning paper?
Tonight our own rocks it with at The National!!!
I'm at a wedding bro
Here's a breakdown of the week activities Methmonday, Tipsy tuesday, Whiskey Wednesday, Thirsty Thursday, Frisky Friday
sounds like a plan
Thanks for the shout out :) If we can be of assistance in any way please be sure to let us know! All the best
When I get to Mexico this summer I expect the whole neighborhood to have rehearsed "Glad you came" and sing it to me as I arrive.
- Welcome Daniel! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
possum making a nest in the attic. feral cats mating underneath the house. me, cowering in the middle. pest guy, promising results...
I DO believe the children are our future; I DO wanna dance with somebody; & I DO believe in the greatest love of all. RIP Whitney.
That moment when you buy the black guy on temple run and realize he does not run any faster.
Crushing on and her fearless speaking of the truth.
Mirrors can't talk, and lucky for you, they can't laugh either.
I am convinced that attitude is the key to success or failure in almost any of life's endeavors. Your attitude--your perspective
Is offering beautiful products that consumers love enough to justify Apple's market cap? ://econ.st/GHz1CJ via
yes it was!!
WOW...congrats to a new start
I understand. I just can't explain my experiences in a single tweet. DM your email address to me and I'll gladly share.
haha yea lakers have a lot of haters, thats just one of the consequences of being good though
hey :D
Love Burlesque? In the mood for something dark and sinister this week for Halloween? Check out the www.wrathskellar.com
I like you and your good...
Its 1:30 am and i have to wake up at 6:30 for skool, ugh
A real optimist would just be happy that there's even water in the glass to begin with.
do you remember back in '05 the GS Warriors had the we believe slogan?.. We need to come up with something for '12 Clippers
... Yes, sir. That would be our prez.
Graveyard Double Feature - THE HANGOVER + JAY & SILENT BOB STRIKE BACK. Tonite at 4am. Movies & Mai Tais. Only at Frankie's. Mahalo
Trying my first BBQ joint here in AZ... They say its KC style- I was brought up on "Gates BBQ" so we will see...
I want a Nimbus 2000
Thanks Sonny!
Need a bathtub full of Vodka
We will have that taken care of asap! We'll be back next week 4 the final! Looks like we may be looking good to hit the streets labor day!
where's the vid
Obvi that was at Coachella doe
Oh, it is. Join us!
Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand.
i dont watch alotta tv but i listen to hella music.
So i promote at aquifer npw??? Whhhaah?
In bed watching Jerseylicious.
whta's been up. Do u c da Movie about 2 jump off w/ as da STAR n Mo Known Talent of course.
Today is the last day to register for: Bonsai Workshop - Saturday, June 25, 10 a.m-12 p.m. Call 317-327-7580 to get signed up! $40
Beautiful Fall day! Come on out and eat on our patio. You need your belly full to cheer on the #Brewers win!
“ Dear Twitter, sometimes I need more than 140 characters to describe what's on my mind. Sincerely, everyone.”
Thanks so much to for having us on!
just started THE ABSOLUTELY TRUE DIARY OF A PART-TIME INDIAN by Sherman Alexie. I think I am going to love it!
Platform tennis eyed for Wilmette parks - Wilmette Life
I had a dream last night that he invited me up on stage at some festival to play Heartbreak Warfare and i was too excited, until i woke up..
They should change the name of this park to "Mexican Birthday Gathering"
yay! See you at the show!
double like !
#SometimesIJustWant be happy! not give a damnm about anything! i'm done being heart broken by guys that dont give a shit about me!
RT : My fierce ancestors will get me through this!
I miss you too
love but seeing her under the knife makes me want to vom!
Dont watch me watch tv
Steve Welsh is the inspiration for #TeamSoaringHigh.His niece,14yo walker Avery Welsh named team after her sense of his presence in her life
The difference between a successful person and others is not lack strength, not lack of knowledge,but rather a lack in will. -Vince Lombardi
Gnc Gold card starts next week. I need to pick up some
Is there a divide? Listening 2 her talk makes me feel like I'm at Marquee on a Saturday, standing next to a baby.
Where are you Kevin? We're waiting. . .
Seattle is hot today. I'm sweating.
that whole scene in Mad Men just made me uncomfortable.Maybe I'm weird.I found it embarrassing too but I'm a real musician.
Cowboys will be cellar dwellers this year... BOOK IT
teach me how to dougie
maybe because straw polls are a fruitless waste of time. Just like party endorsements!
It was quite a roller coaster ride at #nxtchp2011, and/but I flew away with a brain full of fodder to sort through.
Kohler Co. Partners with Homes For Our Troops to Build Homes for Injured Veterans - MarketWatch (press release)
enjoying your tweets today keep it up!
Making the 3 block trek to the state fair, can't wait for Marc Anthony! Only part of that is true.
2 of my professors put a no-posting clause on their syllabi.
California... Knows how to party- California.... =]
Dear , Um, do you think Bret McKenzie could have thrown a thank you your way?
im fine :)
Spending today with the best mom in the world! Famous for her sunday breakfasts!
It's too soon. I can't talk about the game yet. Congrats though
#NF go #FOLLOW him. his page is so dry!!
great panel earlier today! Very useful models and points.
RT : U.S. proudly aids schools overseas, but Alabama denies children education because of immigration status of parents
I have an android.....
Other people's pregnancies always go by so quickly! (Excited for you, NB!)
you have some great potential for a nice little cottage industry! You could be the online fitness goddess!
she was fine when i left school
Ugh. Why am I wearing pants right now?
how long what will last
Happy Thanksgiving! Thank you for allowing us to be part of a better you!
All the technology in the world and we can't figure out how to make a disposable coffee cup/lid that doesn't leak?
Oh Neal.. I am glad I follow you. Your tweets that make my night.... I like to see your thougshts on the windbags
i love the show even tho im 16
I found my extra charger (:
it's pretty crazy.
God bless you!!
well i don't live like directly in it,yeah :) it's really great here :)
those are the best weddings! Have fun!
Yo Yo heat it up? Who's got something in common with Merv and Kathy?
did we schedule a time to talk. Would love to see what it takes to get 600k teacherpreneurs.
thanks for the follow! Good to connect w/you on here.
Wow #fosterthepeople killed it!!!
We are happy you survived! :-D
I did go to ochsa! :)
My wife is always running late. I think her ancestors came over on the Juneflower.
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle then with bullshit
We're preparing for the closing keynote at #nsvfsummit with Laurene Powell Jobs, and
About time! I'm pretty tired of being labeled "morbidly obese" despite the fact I'm an athlete.
RT : The last cute boy I met in California was Tyler, and it's still sad to think that I am never going to see him again.
Thanks for the fab write up!
MT Next time u go anywhere/do anything, pretend you're in a Tarantino movie. Makes even the mundane trip to the supermarket fun.
what do u like 2 do 4 fun
an unholy task now has me in its grip
I need more shoes...
"Lights will guide you home. And ignite your bones. And I will try. To Fix You..."
I've heard of birthday oral but I didn't know it involved surgery.
Agreed. The guy who is organizing this is a genius.
8:30am per Beatrice's email
QOTD for all my fellow educators: "We need thinkers, not rememberers.".
Family time is refreshing sometimes 😁
Sometimes I sits and thinks... And sometimes... I just sits...
Looking in your account and seeing that you got paid $130 more than you budgeted for >>>>.
Today's Brain Floss: The Statue of Liberty's mouth is 3 feet wide. That girl needs a big brush!
Stupid English teacher made stuff due this week.
: #brandchat >>Competition inspires gr8ness, yes, in the right environment, but can also derail projects
Your mam and I would get along quite nicely methinks... ;-)
We are adding a hip hop night to the schedule soon. I've gotten a lot of great hip hop from undiscovered artists
looking for love in all the wrong places homie
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Butler GUM Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
"There used to be a time when we'd remember things" - Marc Maron on how GPS is making us more stupid
James Allen hunt ends thanks to off-duty police officer
What do you think of the new Pink song?? Raise Your Glass.,
I love #Coldplay but performing at the #HollywoodBowl makes the traffic in LA even a bigger bitch.
I need a job.
RT : Europe was amazing! Thx to all the amazing fans that came to see us. Now hits Australia. So lucky to celebrate ...
Agreed. Watched too many break down this year. They have tested almost every day since May 1.
enjoy young padawan. I hope it's the original trilogy.
She said .. you ain't no good , but you feel so good <3
hahahah I wish. I was cracking up at that video.
Y would I evr like u your trashy and your family is mental. Dont ever talk crap on my fam psyco.
Which Maryland university will get the first #NFLDraft pick in 2012? College Park, Towson, Morgan, Navy, etc?
We are having a FREE BBQ next weekend April 23rd!! Come and Join us. We have what you need! Just a short drive down Federal!! :)
Yes! That is exactly how I think of it... a journey. peace.
Late night! We're open 11pm-3am to cap your night.
It has been a pleasure being taken to school on salsa grooves with my new band Love playing music for a dancing crowd!!
Free tickets to Mike Posner...! Interested? :-) Check back tomorrow at 12:00PM for more information~
One of the russians saw a baby black bear yesterday,so now most of the guys are scared to do their roadwork.They don't wanna face mama bear.
Awesome job!
RT : #askacurator has shifted to #askcurators to avoid spam
Shit I'm guessing that since the 4th I've been on sum extra shit
There are some really dumb people in this world.
This is a busy area for work,everyone I call says they can't even come give a price for a couple weeks.
Just met osamas daughter with
thanks man! This is our Lucky #7 year... see you there :)
that is awesome :)
Busy but great week in Chicago for #MBAAnnual11 and #RetailDelivery now Amtrak-ing it up to the MKE to spend some time with the fam
Dear Topanga, will you marry me? Love, Austin
Just realized that #PILGF is less than 2 weeks away. It is a great honor to represent the US. Much to prepare. Hope projects present well.
;Dancing on my bed!!! !
- something about bob mould and autumn nights that just works.
One hour till game time (9pm), folks. See you all at McNally's for #VANvSKC! Nagamura with his first start for the club!
not right sir, most company's do not understand they need help with seo to be found - just putting a site online does cut it
Thx to all who came to P&P. Best 1 ever! Thx to all who gave so generously. Thx to Pizza Kitchen #pug rescue
HEY! DC Individual Artists-check out the Artist Fellowship Program funding opportunity via deadline June 18th...
RT I like Serious News Outlets who pretend that not attending the #WHCD somehow means they're not cozy and corrupt.
I love you too!!!!<3
Let your presence light new light in the hearts of people.
Remember when Gap made men's capris? That was silly.
Hi. Thank you for following up. I do need help but need my bill so I can DM my acct #. Do you need that?
Unlikely bedfellows at the library:Caccini and Cage.
So excited for #FLIGHTSTOATLANTA :D
The Aztecs should be in the top 25. Man we keep getting robbed.
With every one it seems the time seems further away but someday we'll win games like these last two.
The honor would be mine. Didn't think of it. I'll include you in my usual posts. Thanks!
Smilla is the only one of his I have read. I was just curious. Of your 6 best picks, I have read only Smilla. Must get busy!!
where do you work out at?
it doesn't have to be by a deity. I'm blessed with good fortune. ;)
how did you find it?? I cant find it on youtube.
we go veggie... working on vegan
I hate you both!!!
A shower, a big bowl of ice cream, writing and reading. Good night. :)
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. - Maya Angelou
Tonight at 11, neighbors are upset about noise and other issues from adult club that opened 2 months ago. Business owner disagrees.
most people still arguing "at" me aren't even from America...so the point is moot.
ironically, the move to MC was intended to give you a better or control of newsletter subscription :/ … work in progress.
Bitch I'm the shit i ain't worried about shit bitch I'm the shit I'm on my own shit don't you see my out fit bitch I'm ballin ballin ballin
Dear Luna plan to announce new Live Video of new single "Waltz"
Aw yeah
Its seems like u ready :)
Maynor would be so nice to have to cover Sessions. Fisher is 20 steps late.
Well, first full day of "vacation" consisted of ten-plus hours of work. Better luck tomorrow!
You are welcome.
#10waystodie ; cut a bitches head of.
Philadelphia is a very Cold 29 degrees with a wind chill of 19 degrees frost is very Likely do to the frigid cold
Switching gears and using my #Phish related Twitter account as their tour begins:
My phone always favorites random tweets.. but half the time it ends up being something I would have favorited anyway so
Supernatural Forever is trending hahahahahaha
“: it's bike month is the only one who sees the light with bike transpo”Even A Parking Guy Supports Bikes!
Now that Im reading my timeline lets say if weather permits.
War is not the answer. Unless the question is 'Which band performed the theme song for The George Lopez Show?'.
TMI for twitter and I'm recording.
Happy birthday Mike! Thanks for always keeping me clued in
Norquist wanted a puppet, and Jindal fits that to the bill. He even looks like Howdy Doody.
yea for sum reason actressprincess wit the s was taken! Thanks for following me ill def follow back!
Almost everyday Id be playing basketball haha wbu
No! Thank you for the follow!
Can you please introduce me? Sounds fabulous!
Yay today with and it's gonna be epic
Squawk asking money managers "are you defensive" in this environment. Really? And the responses are positive spins. Short selling works
wait a minute... funny that as i was walkin out on vacation the pizza party pops off? Just sayin... l
good morning hope u r going to have a great day love u so much my pretty boy !!!!! ❤❤
So someone from ILL showed up, the IT guy, someone from bioinformatics & one of the library guards. Pretty awesome.
This is what it must feel like to be #yawn RT : Opening up shop with
Cant wait till you back next year!! RT : Goodnight Champs!!!
Everybody follow my. Old college teammate Danny Brennan as one of my birthday wishes
Watching Bill Maher show with special guests Common and Barney Frank. Maher is kind of a jerk, but his guests are charming and intelligent.
Lol! Fun video!
Oh yes!
no! Oh and wednesday night. White Plains. Yes. Ok.
Happy Thanksgiving from the Los Angeles Public Library, Memorial Branch. We will be closed Thursday and Friday ~ open as usual on Saturday.
thank you :)
Harry's Burritos with my awesome friends #MicahWithOutTwitter #maddiewithouttwitter 💗
Meryl winning this is kinda like when Barkley won NBA MVP - more of a cumulative honor. OK, I'll quit trying to link the NBA & the Oscars.
When I was born, I was so surprised I didn't talk for a year and a half
it's so funny!
GM Chicago
I am somewhat entertained by the fact that it's the iPad 2 vs. "the new iPad." up next: "the new new iPad" or iPad 4?
So pleased our leaders came together, across party lines, to avert economic catastrophe on THE key issue: the NFL lockout
sounds divine!
Congratulations to who's going to be a father! His kid is going to have such a wonderful life (:
I will definitely need to know the details on your garage sale!
well you can't review your own James. :)
Maybe your dick is so small because you took 3/4 of it and shoved it into your personality
haha i am *always* using my windshield ;)
Shake your music maker...whatever it may be
"My mom wants me to have friends over" - "My mom wants me to have friends.." -
Just took a picture with Awesome! Good luck on your decision. Your gonna ball out wherever you go!
Quite confident this day is never going to end.
Man... went & raised their rate for internationally sent texts to 50 cents. Ugh!
haha I have no idea I just saw a commercial for it and was shocked
it was all over the Internet
Changing my AI10 vote to Casey Abrams, because the kid is all kinds of talented. And because Jordan Dorsey is a kind of jerk.
Thank you for the mention.
I lightweight wanna record this shit, but his mom looks pretty pissed lol
I wish I had a better memory.
you doing ok today ?
Do you know what a Badge of Courage is? A symbol of love and encouragement for breast cancer victims. bit.ly/nwx2RO
is hoping he can find a job so he isn't bored all the time!!!!!!!!!
haha HOORAY for
Making TV Commercials
He has taught at the collegiate level and provided training in numerous settings in strategic planning, management and migration.
hahaha! Nope. He said he could hook you up with someone on the bus.. Maybe even Jerry himself ;)
got my nose peirced last night, its really cute i like it but its sore
it sounds boring, but important lol
thanks for checking us out man!
Under all speech that is good for anything there lies a silence that is better. Silence is deep as Eternity; speech is shallow as Time.
absolutely love the iPad mobile site!
no more skipping for me ...
Now I must start on my lab report.
Good luck Lyra
Words cannot describe my jealousy man. One of the greatest filmmakers working today. Have a great lunch!
The Avengers looks amazing.
Your first name is "Marcel" after all. ;) RT : I'm fluent.
Tis the season to be sick!
I didn`t think those were atributes anymore ?
Need to find a way to bring your employees together? Consider picking up a copy of my book for great tips and activities!
Good luck girl. Your mom told me about it. Knock em dead! Xo RT : On my way downtown for the Kid Rock shoot! :)
Romney sweeps the South Pacific!
Omfg!!! I got a new iPod touch today so I actually have two of them!!:) hahah I'm such a brat
It did not snow once this year and so I had no reason to play 's "Snow is Gone" today. Better luck next year, Seasons.
All email can be divided into 2 categories: daytime-ish & nighttime-ish.
Dayummmm the dude knows how to roll them
YW. A necessary site you have. RT : Thanks for the follow, and also being there for us from the beginning!
don't forget to come out to the blue note Saturday night to see us rock......
. legit. I'm okay with rain here & there, but this week is making me want to hibernate
you know the children's bounce house is a mosh pit training tool. Get them ready for their first metal concert.
#FF some of Glenn's friends
Too bad we had to put up with some drunk Philly fans on the Metro after the Nats game (c'mon people...it's 4pm)
Hey There Sunshine !!!
He stole my heart and I stole his. Sadly it took us this long to realize that. <3
stop tweeting at , he is busy.
DMX has a new album coming out? I'm going out on a limb and bet that there's a "dog" reference on there somewhere
I honestly didn't know you were going to be in tonight's episode... I freaked
say when he win da #megamillons today he's gone put spinners on da microwave
Friday's almost here!! Growing more excited everyday!! \m/
Hoorray. My wife is off work today!
Would be nice if someday, people would follow through with what they say they are going to do.
#Caps Backstrom on Hunter not returning "It kind of sucks"
So I'm deff switching around my schedule for next year... I will not have my study hall in the middle of the day... How about last period?
welcome! I hope you had/have a great birthday!(: ( idk what time it is there ;p lol)
tell me how you REALLY feel sinjay.
come to milwaukee
second too last car. Plenty of room
Start your day by telling your loved ones happy valentines day!
Had the honor of singing Hawaiian songs in celebration of the life of bruddah Willie. Your unconditionally loving, aloha spirit lives on.
Thanks for the follow, lovely lady. You are an inspiration to me. xoxo
have been to Louisville, back home, and to Paducah...they finally think they have me well for now.
lob city strikes again!
They were small but they did the trick. :) it helped alot
Happy Jazz Fest Everyone! Now go out, see some great live music on the fairgrounds and join us for the nightly portions of your weekend!
"I'm gonna give you a fuel line that'll hold an extra gallon of gas." Well then, I say We drop the hammer. Let's Ride.
Bentley maybe
that shouldnt even be a question of course I want the pictures
Waiting for he sun to get covered so we can shoot here at SMASH STUDIOS #Tori #livereallivefearlessliveyou ❤
Zappa's Second Law: As any conversation about language grows longer, the probability of a mention of Valley Girl speech approaches 1.
Important #Twitter Tip: Tweet #followbackfleet and #500aday You will be shocked the results! Do this regularly..
congratulations, we can't wait to check out your class!
Everything that can go wrong is going wrong in this game, apparently.
I'm Just
My ears are full of the sounds of machinery.
RT its puzzling that your snazzy logo and prison etiquette don't garnish you more free work?HA
I should use these things called drawers. ;)
"Faith is being sure of what you hope for and certain of what you do not see." --Hebrews 11:1
❥Believin' in Luv without Factual Evidence calls for Nothing but Problemz.
Richard Edwards ()'s #scms12 talk is like 's Understanding Comics: it's about a field, but really about everything
"Integrity" is the word of the day.
