what the fuck are those bitches doing shoving Cookie into the cryers goalie
thank you!!!
RT : Shipments of Libyan oil are already arriving in the U.S, revealing the real reason behind the bombing of Libya." / Reference?
yesterday we turned in more than a 1000 voter Registration forms at the deadline for Registration for our primary
okay, so my knee-jerk Loyola dream reaction is dying. but you never know...
lets hang when you come!
spent all day watching disney movies..
Yeah, but itll be nice!
its a Tuesday night how ratchet can you be...I'm disappointed Ash
Watching #DoTheRightThing...#classic!
Even with Dirk's German roots, you don't think he could latch on to some German companies looking to make an impact here? VW?
I think its funny that girls are fixing there makeup right before gym class
OK! Getting ready to head out the door for another great training session at the dojo. www.LAAikiKai.com
#HAHAHA RT : This is not a joke: Just heared a rumor that Sandy Sheedy is "exploring the idea" of running for mayor…(to be cont)
Sex sex sex sex sex sex boner boner boner boner. Good now that I have your attention go follow
It would have been funnier if Hamels said he threw at Harper as an old-school act while on his chiropractor's table.
Dude I'm straight roasted
It is indeed quite a thrill but not as thrilling as catching someone stealing your images.
nice smoking that cigarette smiley face
you and the frog. <3
I'm always sick in the morning😓
Back from Cuba! Great trip but so nice to be home.
Why can't all that happen with BRUNO!!! why??!!!
Will be at Tongue's tomorrow playing ukulele :)
If you eat cereal for breakfast, be sure you watch the sugar content. The majority of dry cereals in the marketplace have added sugar.
#20thingsaboutme 11. im a random person. i will talk out of nowhere and say the most randomest shit ever. thats just how i am. haha
Will Mitt reverse what he said, said to reverse what he earlier said, and so on?
9 more tweets
Picked some great prints at Handmade Arcade today.
I just wished that came out last week like that. Never use the words "sore lat muscle" and say Cook needs a start.
I love bluegrass
Discussing the love triangles/squares/pentagons in books with your best friend
its not a couple weeks...its this friday! And great another lesbo -_- lmao
Just kidding, that was awesome. The real tragedy already occured when War Horse lost Best Sound Mixing.
ah he's learning and trying to impress. Most of his instincts are spot on. Surprised more people not at game!
RT Might'st easiliest harbour in? Thou blessed thing!
Watching Little Fockers :)
Watching Sunday Best!!
roll tide
Come & get your Easter outfit great deals today so come & shop with us!!
Do people in the UK actually buy that stuff?
I do read tarot for faraway poets! On the telephone or Skype!
wow I was definitely just about to say "like me" then I saw your other tweet and I felt like a douche 😁
": Wow, Kobe has diarrhea and may not play tonight. O_o" you're shittin me
Well ive touched jon hamm in real life so that counts!RT : you already are. Don't be humble.
Darn. How about an allergy attack to said dogs and cats? LOL
Not a dig tweet, but is there really something different between a tie ball game and a one run lead? Perez is different guy.
You guys i have like the most importantest test of my life tomorrow at school its 1 am and i can't fall alseep :(
Stepping into the cages for some hacks was like being dipped in the baptismal waters of summer. Except now I've got blisters on me fingers.
some would say its in the public interest to know the extent of domestic violence in this community. It doesn't discriminate.
Today is my last final! I'm nervous and relieved.
If you want to see Avenue Q there are only tickets left for 5/6 and 5/13. 635-PLAY
Your mother's memory lives on in you...
RT I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down. - Charles F. Kettering
I'm dancin' and singin' in the rain!!
Congratulations on the sale of the YAs to Strange Chemistry!!
Puck beat the shit outta him please.
Greece is collapsing, the Iranians are getting aggressive, and Rome is in disarray. Welcome back to 430 BC. (via )
Hone your skills and own your bills
All Them Girls Can Get The "D" !
You are 17 years old, and you are telling a 12 year old that age is just a number.
can i get n baby
uses #gmail for her booking, media and Beats contact info.... I ws expecting a booking agency would handle it..
You are too kind you Central Park Home Owner! Love my New Yorker's and the "spotlight" to those with property on the WORLDS park!
Not cool. I want it deleted and I want you to chill until otherwise advised. Understood?
I have and we enjoyed it very much.
How is the NBA having all star weekend. Not even two months into the season? Come on man.
Tomorrow $3 Lin & Juice (sponsored by ) during #NYKnicks vs Kings game Pre-Dre Day celebration!
Sad that girls nite out got postponed... I'm hungry lol
gad dern it. so many scans to edit, so many files to scans
that was my bad lol
Guten Morgen new followers Happy New Year!
Thanks for the FF!
LS: the only three black soldiers in the 55th Regiment during the Civil War were all connected to slavery at Monticello.
mcnair told us to always consolidate, and after a certain point it becomes harder to do so. All i know.
Thanks for the follow! Our mission is to make Milwaukee the healthiest city in the US. Come along on the ride!
10-handed hold 'em makes me cry.
"i live on snow mountain... in colorado, you know?"
Make those fun size candy bars even MORE fun by cutting 'em in half and wrapping 'em in scotch tape!
I already have a lil boy. I wouldn't mind another lil boy, but I would love to have a lil gir. that way I can have one of each.
GOOOOAAAAL. That one was for Hossa. Let's pile it on!
so excited to hang with you this week :p
Why did I just wake up to a harshly dry throat?
I know I ain't you vampira
well when I'm not so tired I will
My last assignment in my college life will be done today…
Young professionals honor Dr Bradford C. Berk as 'Established Leader Honoree' for his role in community health
plzz follow me
quit messing with me JoKing :)
Listen 2 Christmas Remixed...might chg ur mind... will hook u up! RT : I hate me some remixes.
thx for following and spreading the word. Anyone having a problem with a boss or landlord can call 720-440-CSOL
I wonder if I could work for Human Terrain.
yum, I wish it wasn't Tuesday.
That's what you get fer lying. Lolol<3 RT: said I am dead to her :'(, worst fake birthday ever :(
"Clams on the half shell and roller skate.....roller skate!" GOOD TIMES ~ CHIC
well trauma looks different to everyone -- for me it was seeing my grandmother die, then my mother, then my back injury
Queen of the night*
I think the last guy who drank coconut water and didn't die became Captain America.
Chooch in makeup waiting to begin
Lauren's here and we are going to eat pizza. :3
Thanks for the great leads! Look forward to meeting you soon.
Nothing moves faster than a girl untagging herself from a picture that makes her look ugly
Ask "Why did it take 3 games to get EJ Fields involved in the offense?"
cool! my fav is Incondicional! ah love that one was the whole reason i even bought the cd ...and cuz it was only 8 bucks! lmao!
Open invitation to the photography studio upper deck tonight to shoot the moon☽★☾lemme know if ur coming☽★☾
Theres millions of girls all shapes sizes and colors.. I kno this but really i only see one and the others its like whatever... Love u achan
Watching the leaves fall from the trees.
What would you like to hear about on up coming shows? Also, Mikey is about to start customizing #Vinylmation again very soon! Ideas?
Oh my god Becky look at her butt oakcisiakkwodidickcoapisidigicic
Changing lives before 10am RT : Enjoying the hell out of my 1st listen to Elton John's TUMBLEWEED CONNECTION. Thanks to
#BOSU challenges balance, coordination, strength and endurance. Sign up and burn some mega calories!
Its official, I'm insomniatic.
With the first pick in the 2012 NFL draft the indianapolis colts select Scott Wright...?
We did have a wonderful time. I would have been better if you'd been there. <3
Rubio on : "I would make the forceful case to Gov. Romney that #ForeignAid actually gives us leverage.. throughout the world."
Follow us & RT to win: "I want to win a room and VIP table Thursday for !"
The pleasure is all ours! “: Thanks again for the spirits and basketball”
RT : Kudos to the inventor of the straw
Monday's are so busy!!!
Not going to fourth block tomorrow..
Lil chicken ass nigga...dnt run...its just twitter
you secrete cool ;)
Storm Team 8's Steve Jerve about to break in to local programming to update status of #tornadowarning in Manatee County.
Joshua and Phillip "You've Lost that Lovin' Feeling." Chills
WRONG! RT : The Miami Heat is Dwayne Wades Team NOT Lebrons
Oh you know just here being above average.
Want a free digital download of our album? Invite friends to like our page and/or one of our upcoming events. Comment to let us know.
Ariana is so adorable and gorgeous when she was a young girl♥
Don't do this wide awake bullshit jay.get ur are to sleep
I can hire friends.
ROFL! "I can explain for you but I cant' understand for you" funniest quote ever
#HonestyNight i honestly think the innocent girls are the most boring and the people we call hoes have the most interesting stories....
One of my favorite expletives is "Hijo de playa!"
#uknowufromchicago if you remember Jew Town or Fun Town!
I know:(
oh and if anyone wants a follow back just ask :)
RT : Facebook has 350mm mobile users.
RIP Greg Giraldo
That's great, I'm glad to hear things are going well back east. Coachella should be a blast.
Mapping out the Zoo, La Jolla Beach and Cabrillo National Munument
go on wit yo bad self, Braveheart
You learn something new everyday. Today I learned if you microwave a sponge for 20 minutes it catches fire.
Reading about the Mel Gibson Joe Eszterhas feud makes me miss the '90's
Words cannot explain right now. Definitely gonna be one of those sleepless nighta
If you're that bitter and hateful, you must be unhappy with yourself!
Keep those jammers on and let the lanelines always divide you
old balls??? gee thanks jimmy!!!! considerin me an danny are the same age!!! haha!!! YOU FAIL!
#reppin vans swag all day!!😝😏
O... I prefer muffins myself, but I do love when I find a donut shop with good blueberry donuts. This came recommended! :)
spanish as in latina? or European Spainard?
The U.S. should have their own rugby league. I would definitely watch that and I think a lot of other people would too.
Dont be, you never know :D
We provide food to families & food pantries because 1 in 6 families are hungry .
Bye MiMi lol she should beat Danni and/or Gabbii ass before she left !
Clinton Kelly shared his fashion sense with us today and I can't wait to show you how to wear our new line! W.liasophia.com/lisak
I like to think of it as well trained lol.
THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING. RT : as do I. What happened to Hakuna Matata?
the Word became flesh and dwelt among us, and we beheld His glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth.
On the phone cookin dope, at the same damn time!!!
India has more honors kids, than America has kids
you are??
But no
Ho Ho Ho! Merry Christmas is what Santa asked me. I said Please bring the soldiers home for Christmas.
Why must the bad things feel so good
Memo to media and their advertisers: If you say your show is fair and balanced I won't watch. I'm raising the standard. I want accuracy.
Nice to meet you after an awesome show at Lupo's. Oh, and remember, there is never a bad time for a burger!
Stay in your net Quick! Cone on Kings! Beat these desert digs
We're preparing to leave for #drupalcon next week - will we see you there?
follow back?
I really wanna meet new people
Grill On The Way Yellow Gold On Dz Hoes
vomit crime scene
I'm downtown now. I was thinking if heading to grab a bite to eat outdoors
I'm #Twining :p I wish jk
If I met my mom when she was a teenager I'd probably convince her to never talk to my dad.
One of those is the rights answer.
Prefer 's "What Bartleby Can Teach Us About Occupy Wall Street." t.co/ncBDKBDK (consumer, employee: citizen?)
Haven't you heard? It's the new craze: going back in time to publish inefficiently. :)
Miss you too!
Get free promotion for yourself on the url on my page. let's trade follows. interested? :)
Thanks for the follow do you like country music and comedy?
Sounds like later last night... definitely. We have down in Lockbourne at a fire that happened earlier.
Happy to officially welcome as RAF members.
Decisions and thinking... #:^)
LOL...and I literally laughed out loud with that! And my snappy retort? As well you should. lol Now...time to hit the shower
Smh I think it's cause I'm texting my bestie. The things I do for her lmao
Dunwoody. When presenting diff views, show readers where the -bulk- of scientific agreement lies.
Very big issue down the road. RT : T2: IMO the other issue w/exchange is trusting correctness.
Panther Creek <3's Rowe Roofing
At the Audio Source Holiday party!
Ahh, aspirations... RT I dun smoked myself stupid again.. Good fuckin weekend
Gotta love everything behance. #ActionMethod The stuff looks great.
"and all these years I thought hotch-a-do was a dance club"
Based on text messages alone, most people would probably assume my mom is a 14-year-old Hungarian immigrant.
Weekly racing is so different out there! ": Need to go on a California Sprint Car tour sometime..."
": Codeigniter < - > Cake Php .... What is best????"... Both have pros and cons but for me #CodeIgniter wins
Trying to get to notice you is harder than it seems... :/
lol...if the pussy good
Shout out the server at mcnellies for singing mmmbop but with only the word 'derp'. Hahaha
Watching get mobbed by adoring patent lawyers.
RT : Just back from New Ideas award ceremony. RGU winners announced now getting ready for the SIE national competition....
chompin at the bit to get down to Lil 5
Paula is getting your Thursday going today at her Yoga Flow class at 12pm on Miami Beach!
cant stop listening to "turn to you" missed our boy<3
Staying hydrated and shooting hoops at HAX Athletic Club!! Come join in the on the fun!
ain't nobody dumb deaf or blind. C'mon work with me. Why you ducking my requests?
I can't stand when people at the gym don't put up their weights when their done.
Nice drawings! Thanks for following
Chill! RT : oh um wow
YEP!!!!! that's me! “: Libra could be more interested in not missing their fav TV Show than you”
Meissner: need to remind researchers they are responsible for the "search" part of research #saa10 s601
We are very excited to share Ramp It Up with San Diego! Thanks for helping us get the word out!
RT : 'David Cameron' isn't an anagram of 'Moronic Dick' - but in a perfect world, it would be...
Changing my morning alarm from 11am to 8:25am is rough! But i'm gettin stuff done tomorrow!
. doesn't realize I'm an expert at ignoring things.
Why are there so many hipsters downtown today. Is the zombie apocalypse coming? :/
We're 4 that: “: Sept. 24-30 is National Take a Child Outside week. Gather up the family and visit the Houston Arboretum.
it's awesome.
We fixed an roof for free today great feeling!
Item #1 of note from NY Times Magazine: I-B-M is one-letter shift from H-A-L
_ I'll follow her if you can publicize my page the same for more followers...oh nd make sure to follow me. :)
& drunk and gets a spinoff & book deal.
RT : And as always we've got Brew Dr. Kombucha on tap--today's brews are Nutritonic and White Rose. Salud!
#Oscars #TweetRoast guess I should have been more specific. I meat the funny one
Moët slushees. Yes f**king please...
So, public art?
Watching Fergie sing with the black eyed peas..really sexy looking and such a great song..."I've Got A Feeling",,,need to get up and dance!
Squad Tower Defense #Bestonlinegame .
About to bake brownies for the hell of it. 😜
what???“: Yall know what they say about girls with zebra print sheets right?”
Celebrity apprentice is good entertainment.
very sad indeed. It's a national tragedy the rush to judgement by the media for news ratings is appalling.
I see Lotus Vintage is living it up this weekend! how about this crazy weather? good, bad ... global warming?
funny until later xoxo
Paul McCartney is getting married at the same place he married Linda in 1969. Is that disrespectful?
Word is very very odd, but I'm starting to get used to it.
EXCELENT!!! And so are you!!
My computer is doing that thing where it periodically overheats. It obviously doesn't like my bed.
“: A GOOD RIM JOB BEFORE #COACHELLA ” <--- pause
Knocking out blog posts like it's my job...come back friends, I've missed you!
A foolish man tells a woman to stop talking, but a wise man tells her that her mouth is extremely beautiful when her lips are closed.'
Aging doesn't have to be an impediment to great #work opportunities: Why #Employers Value #Older Workers via
aha mine either , just trying to finish my senior year.
The Falcon flies again! Thanks and those pure nickel 12's from for the perfect combo.
Obviously owned the night! for reals :)
Big win for my #Bobcats in the big dance. Plus, a huge win for in the
Solider on probably the best song right now. At the end of this culdesac
thanks to , I'm back at 100. 101 actually! a tee giveaway is in order!
Teenagers are the most misunderstood creatures on the earth. We get treated like children, but we're expected to act like adults.
Props to new video for boyfriend haha...swagy
... Now following! Have a blessed day!(;
He ant Got No Tweets
Never discuss your weaknesses with anyone, because once they know them that's when they take advantage of you.
Another great afternoon at Audenried high. #FAFSA forms are not easy for kids to complete.
No one buy vans the man who made them put a star of David on the bottom of the shoe
Maloofs best PR play here is to simply embrace the obvious. Not too many more bridges to burn at this point.
Next on the at 5:45, brings the best baseball insight on all the big topics around MLB.
Tune in some for some lady rockers on "Heartbreakers: The Women of Rock"
It's also really insensitive to dummies like me.
Can't wait to meet you and on March 31st(:
Getting ready for the Fred Luddy (Show Pony) morning keynote
oh, doesn't effect DNSSEC, so, a non-issue I suppose...
Anyone want to pay my taxes?? ???
In hollywood meeting with the pastor of ecclesia
My boyfriend & I will be in NYC for the first time in Nov. If you suggested one nice dinner where would you suggest? Thanks :)
Jackson(R) Launches MarketGuard Stretch(SM) - MarketWatch (press release)
I need to see Demi when she comes to San Jose. She has helped me so much. I just need to.
Brilliant Photo Work!
Just had a productive meeting kicking off another interesting blog. Postings in a few weeks!
Actually, the MST hearings focused almost entirely on female survivors. Prosecution for ANY survivor's attacker is rare.
Make it 31!
But all I can sing is "dance again." I know loves it
fingers crossed!!
Me and my friends overstay our welcome at every restaurant we go to..
I would gladly pay $100 for legit Blu-Ray versions of the "Despecialized" Star Wars trilogy. Until then, though, …
outstanding; great to hear and good luck; thanks for the 'heads up'. DD
Got an interview with Susan Page and a Modeling Scout sunday!!!!!!!!! cant wait
Register before April 5th and get 20% discount on AxSTREAM Workshop Training in Copenhagen, Denmark just before Turbo Expo 2012!
Glad to see another new monster. I'm working to get followers aswell.
how they let these niggas catch up?
If a guy that was about to die in the electric chair had a heart attack should they save him?
Wen i listen to fire burns i go deep in thought about all my exs....
Where can I hear J & Ye Watch the Throne? New release date?
I took a library management class, but it didn't cover what to do when an intern tells you off and storms out. Wish it had.
When she says fuck that nigga ... It's cuz he hurt her !
*cough cough* That is all:))
Good Morning! Advertising is the greatest art form of the 20th century. -Marshall McLuhan
thanks girl! yea the show kicked ass!
"We werent meant to be one of them, but to live life. Love and give!"
Smokin on da loud so lame nigga be quite
Glad you could make it! I'm hovering through Twitter ;-)
He ain't heavy, he's my brother DH
Respect my mind or respect my grind
Were you at the filming of the show?
It's not the Beach Boys reunion unless Uncle Jesse is there.
we need connect before the end of the week!
Nothing outside you can ever give you what you're looking for. -
I wish peeps would stop calling our first gay president. It's disrespectful to him and his family.
It's just about gardening time! Check out our full line of mulches to prepare your soil today.
Wallace jones brown..Rams are trash. Good luck!
We are talking about something similar, but along gender lines
yea Bro. Your mixtape turned out great
[Matt12:34+Luke6:45]Out of the abundance of the SpiritualHeart the mouth speaks-A good person out of their good SpiritualHeart produces good
20k's. Awesome. I do always look forward to the post-Superbowl writeup. Thanks!
Had a blast, fall seminar was low-key and prefect for a newb, but I also learned a lot. #sla is def one to join!
Bears big.
Woke up and feeling miserable.
The glade plug-in scent in the office I had a mtg in was so intense it made me dizzy and want to vom!
Sure, I'm just surprised to have the salesperson be so transparent about it.
Must be heavy girls night at BB kings tonight
Thanks for sharing David -
Be nice to people on your way up because you'll meet them on your way down. -Wilson Mizner.
Georgetown librarian here, thanks for your talk today! Very compelling and relevant.
I can't sleep.
and this is where it begins...
Just been excused for lunch. At last, I can get some sun rather than just look out the window at it.
Love u welcome!!
if money is not an issue... I have another whole list of favs.....
you drop philos??
He must have some brass ones, bc I would not be out gallavanting after 4 yrs became 20 RT I have definitely seen him arnd campus
Samiyam- Sometimes >>> worth listening to, just saying. aha
Josh is going Ham all over the O's right now.
#vra2012 OMG - Captchas used us to crowd source translations of documents.
Sure, please share the news.
This week is all about NF for kids. I'm doing a workshop for writers on finding stories. And my 7th graders are writing NF picture books.
wow. Nice work.
damn right. Especially with my seats :-)
Graduation was awesome yesterday!
Sunset Strip Compound Available for Time-Traveling Villains - Open ...
BIG FAT CARNATIONS $1.00 EACH FOR VALINTINES DAY!
How about a shout-out to the fans of the multi-talented !!
Keeping a sub 4 hr. marathon streak going.
I Thank God for Self~Employment! ;)
The House is set to push through President Barack Obama's $825 billion economic stimulus package.
If you're in Toledo May 4th, the Toledo Symphony will be performing 2 of my string arrangements at West Gate Chapel
Agreed. I liked the "do" she had when she was running for President. It was much more flattering.
Yell mo like jwhitfield Atlanta Braves Turner Fieldi20
This drives me to order new parka sooner than anticipated: MT Coolest day + first time high hasn't hit 70 in DC since May 14
I'm working on the June calendars today. Any requests??
switch to the U
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!! IT WOULD MAKE MY DAY!!!! I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS YOU ARE THE FUNNIEST PERSON ON YOUTUBE!!! WE LOVE YOU!!!
love you x
I get that people are pissed that Claiborne's Wonderlic score was leaked and rightfully so...it should remain private. But he got a damn 4!
Iberian Ham Croquettes is one of the Tapas, m! :-)
You're right. As it is, street-level zoom can get fairly bad. Just hate that's a playground for so many...things.
Never limit your view of life by any past experience-Ernest Holmes
#Badgers will play two night games this season: Sept 15 vs. Utah State and Sept 29 at Nebraska. No additional night games will be scheduled.
Security America Mortgage, Inc. Set the VA Mortgage Industry Standards...
awww #epicfail but cut me some slack.....I had not slept in 2 weeks and just finished a 17hr day....I owe u
so worth the wait!!!
good combo :)
Thanks for the follow! We will be posting on FB and tweeting new locations to purchase too!
Talk about weird....
There's a #National #Pancake #Day? Seriously? lol
This is not the life for me lol I'm going to feel bad tomorrow...
Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished? Yes; work never begun. — Christina Rossetti, Author
Sending all my goods off to Los Angeles, be safe possessions, God's speed
apparently there's a lot of stalking in here to. If ya know what I mean.
Still in #Tucson, and aisles to go before we sleep!
Rihanna is hella sexy
it seems bo has no idea what he's doing...
And Derek Fisher ahead of all. RT : Ryan Braun is now trending on twitter. Take that Dirk Nowitzki and Kevin Durant! go #Brewers!
Bergeron should win
With humility of mind regard one another as more important than yourselves. -Philippians 2:3
I'm interested in having an artist open at upj show april 20th. can we talk?
Wait For Me <3
agreed. One reason why I hate coming here. If you're short & not here by 6, you're not seeing anything.
PRT : Internships in San Antonio PR, Event Planning & Social Media positions email if interested.
My #fridayreads: Franco Moretti's Graphs Maps Trees. Assuming I ever get off Twitter, that is.
Bloody Mary's and Texans Football. This is how 2012 gets started at my house.
she gone have a fuckin orgasm
Guess what
Kelechi Osmele. This guy is huge. #Ravens love big bodies at guard
Way to protect your Boys Jack!
Game on! Excited to get started with RezEd #RezEdConf and GLS today #gls09. A little breakfast on the Terrace is a good start to the day.
#kraft is changing their name!
did the emperor bow to Obama?
haha we shall see! If I have time dear
I did what I needed to do now I'm back about to snap on all yu clowns that looked down on me!!
There are so many great things about having kids. Daylight savings is not one of them.
Editing my demo reel. Then more work on my Charity/Documentary. Things are going pretty great
Very much so! Thank you :-)
How can you help me with my promotions? I need someone who can help.
ya followed :)
Best. Video. Ever. When I'm having a bad day and don't have the moto to work out, I watch it. It leads to PR's every time.
I think Mercedes came up with it first. So, we have that...
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mothers out there
Lmao RT Some people have an inflated view of their importance in my life.
Who's going to #GKTour ? I'm hoping to be at the Philly show and really stoked about it
WHAT'S YOUR MOST FAVORITEST FOOD EVER besides subway? (: #AskAustin ❤😊
Don't forget to take advantage of our au natural #FREEFRIDAY special today! 1 item cleaned 4 free if u sport the no makeup look like Clinton
tomorrows my birthday and it would be awesome if u followed me! ;) <333
So excited to finally have a copy of the magazine in hand. (now just need it to be online so I can link to my article ;)
Why isn't the media reporting the truth about KONY? Psychotic reaction? The naked guy was merely doing an advanced level CrossFit WOD.
awe I can't do these "on the spot" poems lol
it's nothing special that new Doritos taco thing I love though
The moment during the All-Star game where Kane turned into "SuperKane"!! Dominating the breakaway challenge.
I'm sorry yo, but my life can't wait for nobody. It's all about me.
now you understand my concern when I find them used in my trash and I know I didn't use them lol
and all the heavens rejoiced!!! it's a magical moment when allows you in his innermost circle!!!
rockin' to some hugh laurie in t-zone.
And how about stay-at-home Dads?
I'm learning how to drive a 4x4 in the snow. Trying to find a day to go to Cliffs Insane Terrain with a Jeep group I joined.
I'm childish at times. I want a turtle shell back pack at 23. Nobody likes you when you're 23 anyways so fugg it.
send me some beats.
whats that #sushi place there!? I went there but I forget the name #helpmeout! please
RT : Jon Mclaughlon is perfroming tonight and white Roberts after.
you're in MIA, you shouldn't be jealous! :p
my lips are sealed.
Don't keep holding on to something you've already let go of
Congrats! That's the day it all felt real for me too. It's a fun time. :)
If i was your boyfriend , i never let's you go ♪
thanks for the follow
i'm glad you will, and I hope you like it. The first 9 parts are online as of this moment,
Cake sounds good right now.
Your wife is very smart and she has excellent taste! Ivoire Royale is in our cookbook, Extraordinary Cakes, that launches 10/4
GAME DAY! So excited to be with my parents, wife, PC, Super Syd, and great friends! LMJ DT DAT lezzgo
yes, it was amazing for sure!
...then headed for Louisville on the 5th for the JEN network convention!
If you need to sell your house quickly please let us know.
Sang Mahler 2 on Saturday night, came home to a bunch more #Mahler on Ah.... :)
From the looks of what you do, I know Trigger would be proud! Thx for helping us share the word!
Watching Martin one of the best shows ever
Interesting. I use a Vario exclusively for drip (no espresso at home) and would love to get hold of a set of these.
Thanks, but not this time. Quick trip to N. Indiana to see the fam & W. Lafayette for my little bro's graduation from Purdue:)
Mouthwatering Beef Brisket Sliders to start the BIN tasting on Thursday at Carillon Pt. Join us as taster by applying at www.TasteTweet.com
. we can start the save charity.
tomcat can be a real pain in the ass sometimes
#Buccaneers mock at No. 5: Morris Claiborne or Trent Richardson or Luke Kuechly.
Brilliant logo. Party Down for lyfe.
One of these is going to go in. Seriously.
Sicker than your average!!!
followed you, please follow back?? ;*
it's fun:)
Take Me As iAm ,
Well I'm going to bed. Night
Thanks a million to and for buying a table again at the Bard Breakfast! Would not have been the same without you!
so i finally watched #scandal last night. loved it (apart from kerry washington's mildly disgusted look on her face the whole time-vary it!)
Writing a song. So far so good :)
ACT had a net profit of $30M as a 'non-profit' in latest posting I could find.
tonight I will be heading to Madison Square Garden for the first time ever to watch my alma mater battle it out for the NIT Championship.
Lucky You starting at 9pm tonight!
will u do the all star show if asked?
I read my horoscope and his <3.
Appreciate the follow #TeamDazzy!
- they'll be doing an inshore in Hollywood on October 20th too!
sorry, no one ever calls me!
I'm amazed at how some geeks became famous and are seen as an authority on a subject because they are trolls.. SMH Don't feed them!
thanks for the recommendation. Just started follow
All these fine shows at this Summer. I'm into it.
I feel like listening to City and Colour while doing my homework
If only I could be Selena Gomez for one day and have her life,and all of her beauty:))))
Craving Quang tonight. Vietnamese Iced Coffee sounds amazing right about now....
The Black Keys - Never Gonna Give You Up
Are you doing an Ignite talk?
Twitter thinks you are similar to me. You have my utmost sympathy.
On a different note, I am happy to have the rain fall we have had here in Lubbock, TX over the last two days. It is a welcome sight becaus…
so so true! RT: Dear radio land, rumor has it there's other music than just that Katy Perry / Kanye song.
Independent research shows #writers on a deadline will eat almost anything.
get some sleep tonight bihh. LOVE YOU
i hate the auto correct i turned it off finally like last week try it it works :-)
Twitter Presence Need a Boost??? Check out
Brandon!! Y u no follow me?! :( Haha I miss you.
And I'll bet that's what you want, too.
Duets sounds like it's going to be a good show! Hope it is!
Well, I guess you could keep it to hide the chins.
Love the cool swag from #demo2012 !
Random flashback: "at the tone, the time will be..."
Video Stroboscopy of the Vocal Cords
Next stock options Trade Of The Month released next Thursday. We are on a hot streak! www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
you still owe me $5 from 4 years ago lmaooo
does that include no 5hr energy?
lol uh nope.
Get ta C 2 my baby;) in 2 mnths! UGH! wish it was
Here's my philosophy "I'm going to blow my own horn, if not some one will blow me away."
She didn't even tweet back.......Damn!!!
Thanks for the follow !
thanks for the tip :)
funny thing that everyone cares about if he will lose THIS job at the end of season
Me: "Please run at least 2 consecutive miles like you have a couple times a week for 4 weeks now." My body: "Awww heull no!"
#P90X - #AbRipperX and shoulders and arms workout makes for a productive Friday evening.
good morning beautiful 💜
...most of the aforementioned baked goods available in gluten free versions...hello folks the kids have roses in their cheeks ..NUTRITION
Yahoo Sports has Matt Kalil as Cleveland's projected pick. That made me laugh.
Good morning babies
I gotta get bck 2 it!
this is a crowd that has a large portion of vendors, not problematic... for me, its that it is pandering to fear. ick.
Mutt FTW One more time!!!!!
Marco Torres described an expresso maker who learned to make latte art from YouTube videos. We can learn almost anything on YouTube.
I've hit the twitter following limit... again.
Happy GBD, Oxford. Glad I'm not there for the chaos.
very clever Nick! haha
single pointed focus
im so desperate for harry styles <3 lmfao
"The more you read, the smarter you become. And I love books because you learn a lesson in some stories."- Rowen Elem 3rd grader
Get around to tasting Vuina plavac and Babica yet?
tired from dreaming? :)
social innovation and browsing websites that allow you to shop, etc. But does everyone care? haha
not at all. We all must live our lives every now & then
spent six hours editing raw 96k sfx files into selects. brain is numb. library is more organized.
In the works: Foursquare badge - swarm! Meet+Greet - Catalina Wine Mixer, anyone? Step Brothers? Huff 'N Doback? Is this thing on?
don't worry little brother cause im coming for the rescue when that timecard punches out. And we will yizz on Fridays face.
hey, i gtg, i will ttyl! bye
Thank you for following me, and for the good you share.
Ron Paul's numbers are way up. The momentum is clearly in the direction of liberty.
Bad match up for Scott, but he'll get all the work, wouldn't be surprised to see him catch a TD pass
Thanks! Both me () and were attending. Great article on learning transfer. Are you exhibiting ?
Prince Harry spotted indulging in beer and burgers at McP’s Irish Pub in Coronado and hanging out at the Ivy Rooftop club in the Gaslamp.
Turquoise ties are pretty snazzy.
Calm the fuck down Indiana
Yes. 72 here too AND it's Milwaukee Day, which is basically an excuse for us Milwaukeeans to party. As if we need one.
what a chance for the Rangers there
I knew Michael Jackson was murdered from the beginning. It was just a matter of time before the rest comes out. Somebody ordered the hit....
**Mobile Games/ App Developer requires RPG Producer** Canada
Give the gift of Health and Fitness to your love ones... Call us at Flo Fusion Fitness and ask about our Gift Certificates
Thxs! RT : Deference to Ed K & Memphis, best ribs are at Twin Anchors in Chicago www.twinanchors.com & they have lots of Sinatra
OMG - where are you going?
: You're very welcome!
One week until I leave for Boston to start work as a research fellow at the Center for Connected Health!
Getting the broccoli and EAS protein shake in the system before I try my hardest to go to sleep since I open at 5am. Wish me luck!
Mirrors cant talk. And lucky enough for you, they cant laugh*
Thank you & for the RT's re: our anniversary!
Thx for the follow ! (Ute Bochmann)= Our Beautiful German Good Luck Charm! Looks like our good friend Craig Servin is in-call him!
id cap that? is that the womens version of saying she wants to be humped?...weird!
Yes. Yes you can. (If you get off of Twitter.) Go!
Hummingbirds are back. Good thing there was food out in anticipation.
We're going to live on. We're going to survive. Today, we celebrate our Free Comic Book Day (cue music swell; applause).
I hate when niggas whole butt be hangin out!
A 2009 survey conducted by PPAI Research found that 3 out of 4 consumers reported having at least 1 promotional product in their workspace.
I can't decide whether to play a new game or replay one of my favourites. Thoughts?
Wise words ": When a guy calls a woman a "feminazi," it would be funny for her to work him to death then cook him in an oven."
aw thanks!! “: #FF Also follow She is going to make it big in Hollywood”
You put me in your fan book. I'll put you in mine. <33
What does it take to become an astronaut? Paul takes a crash course at the NASA Ames Research Center, this Saturday (4/10/10) at 6:00pm.
Okay it's sad when you keep smelling your own wrist because you're in love with your perfume!!!
wonders why Gmail isn't loading.
Forward thinking. Positive thinking.
say this after hearing a norwegian say "we" about his legal system.. can't remember the last time i said "we" about anything USA
Are you Real? haha. Let me fly With you LOL
Coffee tables! Slat benches! Other things! See what's new this week: www.midcenturymobler.com
What a great night it's going to be. Will u be there?
You are into the areas I like too, Keep up the good work Canada
Conner High School, take care of business and keep NKY in the running to send teams in 1A,2A,4A,5A and 6A to State Finals!
Search "contemptible" RT : Anyone know where I can find tweets about the White House Correspondents Dinner?
When was the last time you rode on the Cyclone?
: We must all unite and support the cause of Liberty and do away with Partisan Politics!
BWI wheels up headed to Fort Lauderdale
Inner beauty should be the most important part of improving one's self
i am sure they will be all the interwebs tomorrow.
I got that swag and it's pumpin' put my ovaries.
If you are too busy eating at our restaurant tonight and miss "Check, Please!" Fear NOT! Encore: Saturday 4:30pm and Sunday at noon..
- RUT Hockey wants to know how skiing is going today?
thanks for updates on
FYI.. Urban Market in the union has spinach stuffed tomatoes for lunch today. They are great! Check them out at the !
You can't find the right answer if you ask the wrong questions.
Sitting here listening to his music is Dope!
Gosh, thank you all for joining me here on this Facebook page! I am so grateful and honored to you for doing so!
it's friday i'm so happy a "!" was not worthy to end that sentence.
Girl, I ALWAYS need a posse. Rock on.
Join Karen at Warwick's for a Tea & Cake Book Signing on October 25th at 4:30pm for a chance to get a signed copy of Extraordinary Cakes!
- so great!
#Instagram success impossible without harnessing power of the
Possible power outages in West Chester PA...and Irene hasn't fully hit us yet, Sigh!
Beach here in Virginia .
lol i got the serpents shadow book today!! You should read it!!
These are my confessions Just when I thought I said all I could say My chick on the side said she got one on the way,.
who called u a bitch *grabs shotgun*:O
thanks for checking out our music, it really means a lot. follow us!
great testimony today on death sentences automatic appeals
#dontever question my love for
I cannot wait to get this fro cut off ... Fucking awful!
Thanks for the RT! :)
The Big Bang Theory is on.
Trending: Why we&#39;re cool for cats
#dhtrial standing for jury.. judge in place
attn....producers n engineers..i need some tracks fa dis album...if interested send tracks to nemv2010!!
kidding but not
About to hit up the mall in a few
She is gorgeous!! Is she Ukrainian too?? lol
Another glorious performance. 2 more chances next weekend to hear SIRENE.
Why do boys have to get old ?
My services are your for free.
Off work for two weeks now one with kids and one on my own Happy Days!!!!! :-)
I'm good...thinkin bout you
lol obviously not hard enough it's damn near 4AM
Starting to feel better about this game. now Jennings and Finley need to get me some fantasy points!
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare. It just depends on how you treat her.
Let's go drake university.
Thanks for the Mention, Elaine!
My Wutang name is Profound Bandit!! Ah haha
Hey ! Check out GREAT to follow!
Trip to Costa Rica booked!
LOVE U!!! :) Please follow and I? We would be extremely happy! Thanks :)
#Drose is nothing but sex sex sex sex sex sex sex lol
Not sure yet what type of bird. Was wondering if it escaped from the Zoo. Can't imagine someone having a pet that big.
where are ya? defo?
way to tempted to go out tonight in my sports bra and hoodie
lol Thnx:) I love my icon!!!
I'll be there with Look forward to connecting!
perhaps something with you?
I hope you're right but the US part sounds totally absurd.
Thanks! Beautiful day to work off some of the food I inhaled.
Way to make that 9th inning nerve racking guys!!! Great save !!!
#TTYLXOX is so awesome! it's stuck in my head :p ♥♥♥♥♥
who are you kidding ???
I'm not feeling good for some reason
I like this ZPL that you speak of. Perhaps I'll have to give it a try...
A woman goes after the wealthiest man she can attract. A man goes after the hottest woman he can afford.
or if minority- prostitute
anyone wanna go to hookah tonight?
aww ur so sweet. Thank u :)... Ima give u a shout out for that. Lol
“ When & get together my TL gets fuckn hilarious!!!!”they r snuck me man smh
can you trust that?
Give them hell, from lobo fan
Can we expect a full blog review of the album and show after Thursday night?
It’s #KickButtsDay! A day for us to join youth to stand out & #speakup against Tobacco. Follow as we celebrate
#smh nasty bitches these days!! What happened to classy one's, like us?
but you have good form.
Yep, Poke replaces a Horn...see ya!//RT : Sorry Colt McCoy, your team just made a statement.
Reading "Don't Put me in Coach" by former OSU bballer Mark Titus. He refers to UW players at "the buzzcuts" - hey it's pretty accurate
My last RT. XD So true. That book is just plain NAASSTAAYY. 0.0 I remember when was reading it on z100. Awks?
Why you rushing me baby? Its only us all alone.
The Voice: Tony Lucca Gives a Creative Comeback to Christina Aguilera's Diss - E! Online
I went skydiving in Interlaken-Ost in Jan. of 2009. Pretty cold!! Absolutely gorgeous though. & yes, tm sounds good! Cya there!
ThMorUKnow: The book of REVELATION is NOT what you might think it is.
And he was funny.
Drinks with Charlotte, , and Samantha... Then at the Comedy Cellar!
r u the real zack ryder?
we're going to miss you quis!
U just may be seeing me in the next few days for a delicious burger.
Havin a good time with the fam my phone is died tho :(
THANKS for the RTs. I love that quote too.
Is suggesting me to follow people who are 'similar to [me]'? If so, why are they listing a buncha people I already follow?!
start of a week by myself lol
Just finished setting up Gigabit network using Netgear GS108 at home for multimedia. Got Zotac MAG as second HD front end...LOUD FAN!
Tragic indeed. Particularly when so much happening today is rooted in past activities.
Awesome! Happy Birthday Laura! Do you read fiction or non-fiction?
Sometimes I just wanna sit in my room that's not really my room anymore and cry. This porcelein heart is slowly cracking apart <3
Thank you for the support!! RT For all my lady football fans. Check out Worked w/ them last year, gr8 event...
I need an Adult to buy me an Acholic drink
{Feature Films Coming Soon}**
Thank you sir! and thank you for your continued support!
Fans who have purchased tickets for cancelled games will be offered full refunds. For more info call 877-LOCO.
yeno. i need to sleep. its only 20 minutes till auz10's bday but im dying
in my dms lol RT : Chill what? RT : david gotta chill man
wove you too(;
Thank you good brother! Remind your chapter brothers and whoever else to do the same. I appreciate your support!
Most of my evening will be spent thanking everyone on FB for wishing me a happy birthday
I had fun yesterday talking to my best friends Kai and Erica(: Hey Guys Jerry :3
The Curse of .500
Shelina's your time is up bitch
Love the #Packers first three picks. Answer the three biggest problems from last year... Not so hot on the other ones
IN Quotes: "Feel the Fear and do it anyway."
how did I know this would happen.... again..
#LOHANTHONYtwerk omg that would be amazing❤
Retweet if u get lazy at work sometimes lol
Thanks for the follow!
Does he need support on his "personal views"? There was nothing said in his comments that made anything policy or law
we will add him... and his two tweets :) Thanks!!
o man come here ' & put some lovin in maa ovenin...
Until one hour ago, "Prisoner of Azkaban" was my favorite "Harry Potter" film... not anymore!
my life is full of joy coz i got God on my side!! i wouldnt be anywhere without Jesus... #follow me
def the coolest swolest dude on jersey shore!
u just show me where to sign!!
hey Matt :) you around? i want to refer you for a potential project. will u pls email me mayra[@]ruizmcpherson.com thx!!
bring me food
dont call me no more
i dont knw how to do da booking email my ceo ll do dat just wanna heads up on a verse r hook info get at me we was at mosiac
Half way through #humpday! Time for that afternoon $1 drink. ;-)
RT : WIN 2 nights in Vegas at The Platinum Hotel! To enter, click on the link below or the "Win 2 Nights" tab on the left....
Why is Allen Stone and his band up here killin so hard!!!!
Lmao RT Yes im ashamed smh RT You should be ashamed of yourself if you're a black woman with no ass.
congratulations! if this is the sign of a trend for you, maybe you'll get your nose pierced at 50 eh? ;) hope it didn't hurt much!
Have neither seen the Avengers nor Captain America.
If I had a dog, it would look like the dog Obama ate.
my phone died :[ sorry defreeuw
or just order it online its free shipping anywhere in the UK and other places I think.
It is going to be a hot one out there.. Mid-day swim? 12pm @ USC, 12pm , or 11:30 am @ Pali pool..
.....taylor issues.
Killed it says the black republican, I.
Don't live down to expectations. Go out there and do something remarkable. ~Wendy Wasserstein
If you follow me...how about following ?
PISSED THE FUKK OFF! N KILL A BALD BITCH MODE AND THE SWITCH CAN ONLY B MOVED INTERNALLY!
I think the entire city is thinking the same thing
dear dad- I wish I would have known u- cause it's much easier to play catch with 2 people- I grew up playing.. more like THROW.
Thanks! It's got a little ways to go, but I'm happy & beginning to shop it around. And congrats again on the gig...where is it?
Bruno looked solid tonight.
...under King George I (Church of England) to then set our gov't up to be ran the same? Totally illogical! Indeed, that is the two edged..
you come to KC when I'm no longer there!!
My life exists inside inDesign, Photoshop, OpenOffice, and late night meetings.
can you compare and contrasts the powers of the house of reps. and the senate. S/o to Mr. Hamlin my ap gov't teacher
Same here. I'm looking forward to the contrast.
RT RT : The Yes Men are on Radio Times on right now! Tune in if you can and see them tonight at the #firstperson Fest
<< Good morning!!!
I'm ready for the weekend.
thanks a lot sist :*
German Chocolate cake is the cake of choice of customers this week. What a great pick for a delicious pre Thanksgiving week indulgence!
Happy Bday to DP, The cocktail party was crazy so I know the Club is going to Stupid
We will enjoy playing spoiler on the last few days in Feb 2013.
work work work here. off to the market back in a few.
NO! if i have to go to germany i'm gonna cry my eyes out. i'm not going.
Thank you for the follow!
ALREADY SEEN THE SHOW? WANT 2 SEE IT AGAIN 2nite ? Ticket stub from ANY prior PERFORMANCE gets Free Standby tix! Lottery Rules apply
that just shows that he doesn't know jack about gymanstics
Hanging at brew and grow
"How To Stop Acting" & "How To Be A Working Actor" Are Two Very Good Books To Read. About To Start Reading "Audition"
It's better to find someone who will change your life, rather than just your relationship status.
right?! its not fair. >:T
When you get the chance - check us out!
RT : Bunnies love to go 4 walks on a lead. Make sure u use a harness rather than a collar, and keep vaccinations up to date ht ...
#nationalbeerday so come spend it with us today and tonight! m Oatmeal Porter!! Still have all of our #Bourbnbeers !!
They shouldn't be aloud to play this sad animal commercial!
Ex-Buckeye Will Smith is barred for four games by the NFL for his role in the Saints' bounty scandal.
ready to get threw with homework fa real doe...
Haha somebody mad
The secret to social media is being social.
The winners for Profotio “Doorways and Passages” have been selected and will be announced tomorrow. Be sure to check your email!
it's one thing to speculate about motivations quite another to do so without considering Alts & being clear your speculating
When you release "Urbanized" next year we'd like to do a showing to our members - would you consider being a guest speaker?
Coping with mental stress may be harder on a woman's heart than a man's, new research shows.
HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!
it was such a great experience. Our first time, we will definitely come back!
* hahaa , in the car you'll be arriving in .
CBS wins tame Tuesday: Ratings mostly soft overall; ABC's 'Practice' hot at 10 - Chicago Tribune
I think Iowa State might actually be a tougher game for UK then UCONN would be. ISU will beat UCONN as well.
I will definitely purchase your ticket if you haven't already committed /sold it.
But of course!
Call me, so I can get it juicy for ya.
hey fuck you!
I actually had a student use the "my dog ate my homework" excuse.
you know somewhere I can get a nice decent t mobile phone?
It's official. Just The Ticket is "sold out". Believe it or not, we even have a waiting list!
Was told by random lady at LaGuardia Airport after giving her my name that I look like a Tyler... Positive or negative?
cool what kind of phone is it? Im at the movies seeing the hunger games! :)
I shall have more experiences and pass many more milestones
There were lots of proms over the weekend , which means there will be lots of babies 9 months from now.
Hells, yeah! Nothing brings people together like drunken spending.
NOOSE in the NEWS!! Can u believe this? MG, read this & more @ julieforjobs.blogspot.com/ & go to minorityjobs.net for free resume!
don't have tix yet.
portland is awesome as usual. Weather is amazing. Just trying to kill my self after all this lockout and ducks shit
wat u up too boo
Wrapping up a great & informative Alliance for Retired Americans Regional Conference Thx 2 all for the knowledge and family.
I'll never understand y we idolize others. 9 x's outa 10 theyre way more fuckd up than you are. No human is perfect oh and Happy Easter! Ha!
It doesn't matter what time of day it is, the #27 bus is always packed. Where are these "empty buses" people are always complaining about?
Rain streak in Chicago today= awesome
don't the snakes eat the rats?
You are a stellar writer. I am sure you know that, but I hope it's still nice to hear.
I saw that in SkyMall.
fuck it I cant slide right now
GET IT KINGS!
"Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent." - Marilyn vos Savant
The most tragic thing in the world: students who cross out the right answer and put a wrong one. Like, Sophocles tragic.
: Jonah Goldberg's history of claiming non-existent...
RT : Anyone interested in talking Small Biz? Join us May 11 from 12-1pm to talk
Once more into the fray... "The Grey" stellar performances & directing. If u haven't seen it there is still time! GO!
ok if it's in the am I can get a ride to skool too?
You can! PackABag&Go!
That's great! You should look into the Holocaust Certificate Program at UTDallas or check out websites of the museums
Such a nice surprise to make new friends with the nearby neighbors you should've been friends with all these years.
How can u honestly say that you love some one when deep down on the inside you have not fully found yourself and your running on empty.
Good on you. Books? Beer? Etc? Heh.
47 left tool a big hit at end I come back tomorrow with a little more than half average.
Thanks for the re-tweet. It's much appreciated.
Just learned another meaning for the word #schwag. Not gonna news that one any time...ever.
Hi there, wanted to submit a comment on a recent article, but having trouble logging in. Help?
Love watching part of a John Wayne movie on lunch break
But I am who I am now. And I wont fight nor force myself on anyone ever again. Its easier to move with the wind then against the wind
Happy Mothers Day! Because ALL MOMS ROCK!
The Cook's Illustrated Cookbook is pretty fantastic.
I need you so much closer.
Anybody got that Zip & A Double Cup (Instrumental)!! I would freestyle to that for DAYS
Hello Antoinetta A... Im thinking the Bosque Del Apache would be very cool to see.
finally famous may b one of the most solid albums of the year
I walked! (it is only two blocks...)
There aren't as many conflicts in the non-binary universe
I'm hung up on SP pre-work being the first contact with the program. You need to give enough info to hook them, but not info dump
My #LRPD are abslutely pro tward Occupy. I support my PD. But I stand w those of Denvr, Oaklnd, NY, who deal w unneeded brutality
So much makeup and makeup and more makeup! And food.. I guess
talking about you at #ccid2012 :) way to rock the world! (Literally)
Well i think 5, 6, 7 were car bombs 8 is a Guinness
Yes I do, I am actually getting ready for school right now
don't worry girl! I am taking a quiz on the computer.
i hate unfriending people but i got to do the right thing :-(
Pay it forward. You never know the impact you will make on others.
I'm still waiting on the material you were going to send me so I can begin my mixtape " Warren G part 2"
Oh, yes. Haven't you heard?!
ur welcome sexy, did u see my new avi pic?
Don`t tell me the sky`s the limit when there are footprints on the moon
Mary Kay Place, Bill Paxton, Larry David were the 3 I recognized. So maybe TV Stars. Although Twister was a movie, yes?
great. first question: what if you start with no library of materials on training peer tutors?
How do u get ur riend to talk to her ex-friend when she wont even listen to wat he has to say HELP ME im stuck in the middle of all of this!
at the head shop, eh? dave's not here, man.
If you don't miss them when they're gone, you don't really love them.
Cops are so dumb
As you're going into the weekend, please don't forget to take a little time this Sunday to reflect on the 10th Anniversary of 9/11.
Take advantage of our 24 months FINANCING!!!
That's why I love free will lol": Lmao these folks don't want me to do it dawg. I might offend some folks."
i will! If u stay up late u should remind him:p lol goodnightt <33 :) i <3 u dave ! Even tho u wont see this ahahahaha
LOL! How true is that?!
look forward to seeing you at #WhatsNextDC today!! If you aren't being swarmed by fans I'd love to catch up!
Thanks for your retweet and thank you for your donation to the National MS Society. It warms my heart!
fun day in the sun at the lake but im still whiter than white
Website Builder Debuts for Businesses to Easily Create Professional Websites - MarketWatch (press release)
The Railways @ The Viper Room TONIGHT at 9pm sharp!.....my new band! Also...follow us on
Nothing like free Chick-Fil-A on your birthday. <3333
Becoming a father isn't difficult, But it's very difficult to be a father.
I really appreciate your good words and thanks for following.
Fingerprints are divided into: Loops, Arches, and Whorls. Arches being the least common (5% of population). So which pattern do you have?
If you have not see our new products, MAKE SURE to visit the website and catch up with our blog!
Looking forward to the Holiday Tree Lighting Ceremony tonight at 6:30 p.m. Come join us start the 2011 off right!
Ha so true!
I'm not a Republican Nor a Democrat I do not Support Same Sex Marriages But support Civil Liberties Soon you'll be marrying Dogs!
I love microspatulas! What is it about their amazingness that so appeals to us archivists?
THAT WAS WHEN WE LOST AND I WAS SAYING RUN THAT BY ME AGAIN IN MY MAVS ANNOUNCER VOICE SORRY NOT YELLING AT WORK SO ALL CAPS
Have never been big on expanded replay for baseball. Rapuano changed my mind in one inning.
I describe what slavery looks like in DC “RT : What do you tell people when they say #slavery doesn’t exist in world today?”
I'll be at Aberdeen Mall, 1-3 on Sat, Seafair Mall 1-3 on Sun, and Blundell Mall 1-3 on Monday. Come by & say hello
follow me please MB IlOvE YoU
uh oh #cutieontheloose :) watching never say never directors cut RIGHT NOW!!!
My God has done it again
Seriously, John Lyly? I thought I was going to see Alexander the Great falling in love in Campaspe. Instead he gives her to a painter?
RE:|I know u out and about looking good turning the party out
are you ready for Tax Season?
how I used 2 cook u breakfasts on Sunday mornings n we would chill n shhh lol I miss those days
MT : SM can change institutions internally but not mission. Cohesiveness/teamwork is great but when not forced.
Hi how are you? I'll be at the game today
Music Madness is HERE! Come on in to shoot a basket for your discount!
doing it from da bench!!!
I've got some experience in haptics or I can try to point you in the right direction. DM me.
I swear me and take the best frigging naps ever!!
Cerulean by is so good. The whole album is amazing. I have listened to it all the way through almost once a day for weeks.
. Uniform formatting/plain language vs. individual attribution for changes are very different goals
Reports have it sounded like Minnie Ripperton @ Mr.Goldfinger Presents! w/ & Greg Hutch
These customers this morning man...
lol a bad gay? Not even your a good gay :3
I haven't heard a legit reason yet why people dislike Clark Kellogg so much.
It is close, considering I'm trying to do other things between here and there, and also, time is limited, and it goes by fast.
Haha I'm sorry but I couldn't handle it. And on top of that mentally handicapped people scare me a little bit.
hahaha me sowwy!!! I love you
#SDCCD7 concern for sure!
I want summer to come. I have the urge to build a giant sand castle.right.Mow.
“: If you're doing your best, eventually you'll become best. #gitomer #success #business”
I miss Travis and Danny so much.
Funnily enough Glen Matlock stars in the Feature Film 'THE PADDY LINCOLN GANG' please keep your eye out for its release!!
follow me back :P
Amen! RT : TGIF-been a week! #FF to the survivors!!
Um, drinks?
yea because Mexicans can dance so much better haha.
thank you for the doggy bag!
yes it does :/
Great night as always with my man 😘
We get mad over stupid things..
Actually , It Just Me
When are you looking to move to DC?
The Society is pleased to sponsor this important panel discussion, in the midst of a review of the College's curriculum needs. Oct 27, 4 pm!
audio recording class! Follow me friends
Awesome! Works great!
Would you be interested in speaking at an International Filipino Summit for my organization ?
so nice of you to follow us
wow. did they give your phone back without a fight?
TONIGHT! at The 8x10 featuring original music and a Little Richard Tribute! Do not want to miss this show!
Stigma fuels HIV. The BeStigmaFree campaign is starting today! www.bestigmafree.org
When you look at our programme for the next few weeks, you do not fancy a trip to the Oktoberfest. ~ Oliver Kahn
Girls y'all got help from a former cowboy LOL
Big Bill likes to think of his tweets as just the "noise associated with greatness."
When I'm frustrated in my creative work, it's usually because I've overlooked/omitted/neglected something very simple.
asdfghgf you reply so late haha
Cody i can't wait till the #Waiting4UTour!! Its going to be so Amazing! :)
Looking for a part time designer intern. New media/web exp. preferred. eric.price[at]walkerart.org
Well deserved! Does that mean we won't see you at all 5/4-5/6 though?
I've heard there was this thing called "real life" something I'm aspiring to, one day.
I don't think anyone here uses Twitter!
love you. Enough said.
Mar 1st ill b in Tucson rockin w Mar 2nd me n will be in flagstaff rocking w both all ages shows
thanks Cuzzo we all out here on that O.T.O.M.S. $alute!
Have you ever had a bagel from big apple bagels?? I'm in desperate need.
Hi Steve, thanks for the RT yesterday.
and I are attending #PaxEast to see Should be fun!
make sure u let them know all about your girl turning straight butch. lmao we meant are u joining in?
i'm feel so much better now
the track is sounding great! Sorry haven't had time to send it yet but wanted to let you know! :-D www.maurajensen.com
Online Sale Ends Today for " Until Black October Ends" E.P only $4 Until Midnight 2/20/12 CST..
So many Cozy shows / portraits / projects happening all of a sudden!
Chicago..I'm coming home :)
I mean,I guess I'd be psychotic if I were that insecure too...
I did text you back! You didn't get it? Hold up.
Duh because it is a great song =DD
hahaa you mad bro?
That odd moment when you think you see somebody you know and you say hi do you remember me and it's not the person who you think it is lol!
thanks doll! ;)
How come not a single porn star that I follow on twitter has taken me up on my very generous offer to be a "shoulder they can cry on?"
thanks! Of course it took me a few minutes to figure out how to reply on this thing, I feel
I hate Buffalo lol
How about something more like Young Novices meet Well Experienced Veterans in 76ers/ Celtics game tonight.
I really cannot fathom the idea of working in retail tonight.
Follow me on instagram 👉 😍
Might stay with him, though I guess I would need to talk to him first. Also depends on $$.
Wow. Did not realize that.
Girl has screen name "baconlovesme" on okcupid.
Oh, you mean my sugar momma? No problem, gotta keep baby in belly supplied with adequate vit D levels.
I def are a whole pizza today
two little kids at my house...its like 10 pm and i have a report to do LOOL
aww geez! We'll have to watch all of eachothers shows next year :)
Can't wait to go venture out into the greater houston area this weekend. So much to do and see
trying to work on HW but Twitter always gets in my way lol
After 18 months loyal service, the 'ole Mac has died. Tomorrow it's the Apple store. Then finish SAPSounds vid.
I know you are!! Keep it up!!
haha run like the wind.
Took my talents to South Beach to catch the Heat game...oh I'm sorry, I meant the Floridian game lol
you fancy, huh?
Im rootin for the Soh Comeback . . . Get back at it playa.
I'm setting up a small business server this weekend. It's pretty awesome what it can do for a business.
I WISH people liked metal that much around here. We're close enough to metal that we aren't as big as we could be in NY.
back at it!
Still haven't met a woman who wasn't crazy in one way or another. I've come to accept the fact that all women got a screw loose.
I'm about to start gettin in the studio fo real bro
Late V-day gift from wife, "Animal Tool Behavior." Don't think it's a commentary on me, so I'm geeked by present.
we can help with the keyboard. You'll be in love with less than an hour of practice in our typing trainer app.
Fight claims, pot put Florida teen’s side on defense - Boston Herald Found on Bing
I think I just saw Scott Salem play a bouncer at a strip club in a TNT movie called "Hornet's Nest." Might be worth a look, no?
Atheists need more holidays. Get on this
Ok...ready? I have a 4 year old "pickle", a 5 year old messy apple pie, 7-year-old spicy pepper, And an 8 yo Oreo
todays the day the players play
Just watched kill it at the Hard Rock in pgh
no prob. but you guys are on the verge of getting swept 2yrs in a row. and what team swept yall last year to win a title?
hell yea
Hey - miss ya - slavin away here. Probably headed back to HK in a few weeks. Have a great week!
is that your ass babe? ;)
yah but 78 million of that went to to cocaine and prostitutes
nice job tonight buddy!
u always tweet the same story over and over
Save 20% & 10% | Use rep code: [theariesgeek] at checkout 2 receive discount.
McGee being haunted by alter-ego spirit Nyjer Morgan left behind in Washington. Odd coincidence. Odd!
Wow it's 20 Degrees cooler at #KingsIsland than in Louisville. Diamondback is going to be cold.
Mayweather is bout to wup this dudes ass
MTM Radio is taking a few weeks off from production to recharge our batteries. Is it football yet??
"I Love Louis" You Have A Great Bum Tho.
I'm sure, she is precious! RT : My baby smile be shutting everyone down
The album is probably not even gonna be released in the fall. WHAT DOES HE THINK HE'S SAYING HE'S NEVER PUNCTUAL STOP IT JORDAN MARK
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 12
NOTICE to all dads on mothers day: Uh, washable markers don't wash off immediately like magic. Signed: the dad w/ the blue son.
enjoying the app! going to save up for when the amazon gift card is on special again
My kuzzin had her baby!! She so pretty kongradulations Kendra
...to get my doggy back. Money can't but back the love you get from your furbaby. & omg he's a puggle! Puggles are so cute
you better
3 apples changed the world: Adam and Eve's forbidden apple, Newton´s apple and finally, Steve Jobs´s Apple.
RT IF HSUS ASPCA PETA would spend the 500M yr we give for ANIMAL RESCUE on ACTUAL rescues, WE WOULD KNOW WHAT THEY DO WITHOU
real good. I got an interview in my inbox from shelbie. I will try to get it up this weekend.
When children show up in the profile photos on my Facebook feed... I'm always like "I don't remember friending any babies on here..."
Oh, I'm not using it! I might need it for reference w/ my ALA Publishing work. Mainly, I need to get it off my desk to a shelf.
MT When I meet some1 I try to look for their positive qualities, which immediately gives me a feeling of connectedness with them.
Way awesome.
In fact. . . . I'm undeniably the most screwed up person you'll possibly ever meet; But its inevitable I'm the best thing you could have
Rather be on Twitter than talk to people.
“: Wishing you all a wonderful week ~ ”
Watching The Aristocats, which if I think about it not very much, is a lot like the last couple years of my life at points.
Thats enough drink talk u'd think i was a raging alco when really i have'nt even had a drink since Take That.
Thanks for the follow!
We love you too! Life's swell, we've been readjusting to life back home. How are you?
Happy ! Does this mean I can just read all day instead of work? ;-)
Whatever...guys have forgotten how to pursue. GO get her.
Working on new track. New music video coming shortly!
I so wish could get on that show even if I was just an extra! Wonder were there filming it?
Grocery shopping alone before 7 am. Is this something old people do or crazy people?
LOL then why do they follow you? smh. basic bitchez deeze days.
My fabulous public children's librarian definitely makes me a better school librarian. #thankyou!
Finally watching Moneyball.
Free hugs for whoever guesses the title to this song: "If I lay here. If I just lay here. Would you lay with me and just forget the world?"
What's everyone doing tonight for Cinco and the Moon watching???
WGN for early game, STO for tonight.
WoW these mf straight choked
New Avi, like or dislike?
Oh that Gary Busey was a trip...
Promoting Brett Lee? Who DOES that? That's like saying "Oh, shit, we need runs. Tell Steyn to kit up!"
~BCS all the way. The Bachelor is same ol same ol, just a new season.
After that if our membership isn't up we will discontinue the social network & just do our entertainment blog site!
The race goes not to the swiftest but to those who keep running
Thanks for the RT and favorite! What's at the heart of your spirituality &/or religion?
Tailgating with stritchies is fun
As a guy driving a Pathfinder with a tape deck, I ask: when did they go *out* of style?
im am her name kali?
TY for the RT! : : Relieve stress instantly: connect to your core! Insights from the radiant
Hobbit's Chch barrel-maker dies - The Press
well said
Done eating Carne Asada #yummy <33 my dad makes the best tacos(:
hello and thanks for following/grazie per i seguenti, much love!!
In my life, I've lived, I've loved, I've lost, I've missed, I've hurt, I've trusted, I've made mistakes, but most of all, I've learned. <3
The moon is out and has come to visit me tonightt.
good to be back in the land of twitter! just indulged in a portillos chopped salad. yum! anyone else a huge fan?
I still can't believe cancelled Ringer..Fucking cocksuckers. Bring Back Ringer!!!
thx for the follow :-)
So excited.... is ready to jam
Because you are usually right! new avi
Pearson:How does it feel to almost reach 500 tweets? Devin:Like nothing ever happend... Pearson:Oh......
NO WAY!!!!! So jealous. SO jealous.
Not at school today. And I just want to see my best friend , but she's hungover. So she wont wanna do anything today. /:
ayee <3 RT : Got My Cousin Invitation Today :)) Ill Be There
Diggy Simmons Promises to Never Curse in His Rhymes Now this is good for hip-hop.
New Links page is up.
Long live Isiah! "The Nuggets have told the Knicks that they do not possess the assets they are seeking if they decide to trade Anthony"
