haha yeah his face is so funny! :D
Idk you could be this in class ..oh my goodness idgaf about fibers .
It's going to be a start of a new year this week, I better make it count.
JB when you're in the chat (with webcam)
Who are your picks for NBA MVP and Coach of the Year? Lebron James and Tom Thibodeau seem to be the best options, all considered...
#ThemeThursday is our monthly blog series that explores different WordPress themes. First one posted today! bit.ly/uO0mT6
Her breath smell like dentin cat shit! my Nana is a mess!
I have a boyfriend?!
can't wait to play it on-Air ;)
Im Trying To Hit Her With #TheGroove lol Wadup
twitter has more fake accounts than idk what !
For those participating , iphone app is live. Search "Ideation Conference"
Trust in Him - always!
I have seen and smelled it all today bruh
Small, 1-5 yrs, good with cats, good with other dogs, medium-long hair, no big behavior issues (we're new dog owners).
The #NFL suspends only 4 players on the #saints for collecting bounties and of course one of them has to be Anthony Hargrove!!
Well said "Fuck more years, I want more money. Life is about money. People are happy when they make a lot of money."
Puttin the truth about mercer on blast! Fuck flight Club. Never bought shit there, never will!
I think Fralin is just goin easy on us
yo player, I'm still waiting on your pick for the derby.
if it was easy, everyone would do it
My latest food truck idea: Retrofit a Ride The Ducks. Could quickly move between popular waterfront areas, reach shoreline camps/events.
When you don't get it you get mad
‘Abdu’l-Bahá was expected in Wilmette at 11 am, but conversations at the Plaza Hotel have kept him late.
Busy, but not crazy busy at bay park square
lmmfao I was so confused lmmfao too funny
Good thing about sometimes just having beer for dinner: only one dish to wash.
this is an awesome idea, Eriq - I think we'd all benefit tons from it --
Just found out and nominated me for #thebachelor a month ago.
Have an approach to everything from sports to work to life! If you don't, you'll find yourself lost in the woods.
Oh my goodness, I love those tribal printed wedges. I should not look at those b/c is now calling my name. :)
Just played trivia on Team Casablumpkin.
but what if you can't cause that person is so amazing?
Him and my grandma both, have got me freaking out right about now.. -_-
Hey told me to follow so there it is.
I was like shake it shake it XD
Love! I would wear it if I had the body! (Sadly, I do not.)
Have you seen his most recent haircut?
I dreamed last night i was a football player for my highschool...
69 is the only dinner for two
since I have decided not to tweet about my feelings anymore...i have nothing to tweet about.
And gotten less? RT So the real question is: Has anyone in the history of the world spent more money than Obama?
Come check out Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!
They sell fish up there?
Saying nothing sometimes says the most. ~Emily Dickinson
On set all day of THE SILVER LININGS PLAYBOOK... Bradley Cooper is a super star and deservedly so... Fun day!
Lame. That's going in your review.
however, glad i gave those #cubs tickets away today...they STINK.
Valentines is MONDAY! Order your cake today! We can turn all our cakes into hearts! W/ Valentine decor! WWW.Happycakewilltravel.com
TONIGHT - DJ's AI & J-Roc Play the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music at Lotus Nightclub - Albuquerque's Best Danceclub!!!
the correct answer is The Emperors New Groove
Camera 3 Cinemas, show starts at 7:30pm, hope to see you there
If your gonna create the problem, then don't whine about the consequences.
Shout out to all my followers...please RT my Stolen Bike Tweet
": What you doing this weekend sis?" Nothin at all wbu?
Do my eyes deceive me? Clear skies? Forgot there are stars under the clouds. Tomorrow nice too, plan to make use of it in garden.
Can't look forward to anything until Tuesday over with.
Aw omg that's not good! Do you have a huge scar now? D:
course grades won't be in before Monday, because the exam in Friday night... I'll keep you posted.
I just typed 95 words per minute on my iPad's external keyboard using How fast do you type?
My back just cracked like 20 times. I'm scared :x
RT (please) Please support Black Cats Awareness day!
infuse creativity & innovation into leadership expectations = one possibility
I don't know what the hell I ate but my stomach is talking right now.
after today I'm going to need to run a lot. Eating my way through svu.
Its not happy people who are thankful. Its thankful people that are happy.
looks mad sick dude.
I know how to play the game .. Lol! ...
You are a living magnet, what you attract into your life is in #harmony with your faith, belief and positive thoughts......
If U Don't Like Marshmallows-
Sunday brunch at Coa!!!! Today featuring eggs benedict with ham, bacon, cheese and chipotle hollandaise served on an english muffin, m...
News Simpson, Donald chase money title as others hope to hang onto Tour cards this week at Disney Webb Simpson and Luke Dona
Choices impact your future and potential in dramatic ways. Be confident. Be bold.
Gotta love double standards.
When your dreams come true
Welcome back and thanks for checking in on National #Foursquare Day!
We wish we could, but we're working our engineer to the max! He's still mixing and mastering until the day of!! :/
Mexico has taken over Giants Stadium. At the Golf Cup. Go USA!
looking forward to it.
#staples #sacrifice MT : I'm with Carla and we both LOLed. We remember staples. I'm still recovering too.
You can have him when I have other plans or I'm out of town hahaha
We are a disruptive food production and distribution technology, ending the inefficient carbon and nitrate ecological burden.
yeah - sorry about that. should've given you a head's up. :) cc:
As long as his batting average is over my weight, it's all good. Besides, his D is making a difference.
2nd Team All Conference USA Team is the #11 pick? Eh...
I am so white, I'm blue. I get crispy like soul food.
Hi good morning :)
Does need an editor? My professional services are available. There are some glaring mistakes in that release!
going fishing
Have a great Wednesday everyone and stop by to see us.
thanks for the shout-out!
what's full service
Google ad preferences thinks I'm a guy!
welcome to the world of work + homework. I've learned in that you never forget how to procrastinate!
Thank you!
9 papers +16 exams left to do, but I'm done for the day.The conscious refusal to follow detailed instructions is making me snarky.
Our docent Walter Sommers turned 91 yesterday! He's speaking at the museum today, stop in and wish him a happy birthday
If FSU stays in the ACC, besides money, you know what else should change? N/S divisions. S: FSU, UM, GT, CU, WF, UNC, NCSU
would you help a VERY DEAR friend that's in dire need of help once again? lol
Smoking Weed Is Cool...
RT : Good to nip the cancer before it grows. RT : If conflict is not addressed, it will impact productivity.
It's only impossible if you stop and think about it.
I'm pretty sure it's something machine-translated into another language (hard to guess which) and back into English.
About to get in on some corn at Cafe Habana on prince st.
About to fall asleep at the computer, work it is time to put you away.
The coffee in the booth is strong today! Giggity.
I keep fighting for freedom writin for freedom
Talked to my sweet love this weekend.
It's funny when people tweet you saying "Who are you?" Um I'm pretty sure Twitter was made so you can talk to strangers ;)
And a good morning to YOU, Mr. Crackhead at Pick n Save who keeps yelling "Leggo my eggrolls!"
nevermind I found you ;)
I JUST ADDED dbaseballman !!!!!!!(:
Doh! RT : Another PR fail: Don't pitch media fluff stories for next month on busy Super Tuesday and day of big arena vote.
isn't it fun?? We love when they come home with lots of neat stuff for us!!
thanks for the follow buddy! :-)
What do you think re: Uthoff/Ryan situation?
Glad is back in CP...time to restore the program! Whats up Locks?
It is kind of sad thinking about life...it's much better living it... instead thinking about it......
Sometimes i wish i knew who i really am
good news. Found a place showing the game near my hotel. Go Caps!
Jesus is the grave-conquering, life-giving, all-satisfying King. - David Platt
i am healthy hair by racheal products are great hair products to use. They are better than Mixed Chicks
In the meantime, a lot of smart people are fending for themselves, which isn't so bad
im still praying for <3
i just want one night full of DREAMS. not any crazy, out of the norm nightmares.
must have sold her soul at some point
So happy with my 85 average
#MontrealImpact doesn't even exist on FIFA12. How will I get my revenge?
No, she doesn't like this hot weather, doesn't like how it robs her of her sleep. This is our supposed common ground. The theft of sleep.
Partying lately ; )
Sweating all the way through these dress clothes.
Outdoor #training session with one of m clients this morning to take advantage of the weather - drills, circuit, drills, stairs!
well app store here i come
haha nah we only hung out for a while yesterday.
Dede is the master of analogies that make complex ideas simple
F O L L O W BACK PLEASE :o)
in this moment and time i literally hate everything. if something could go right for once thatd be fucking awesome.
Well of course, that goes without saying.
My desk looks like the floor of the Texas Roadhouse
Off-topic, but GRAVE MERCY is making me stay up way past my bedtime. Is anyone else having this problem?
My tweets were answered.
Just had a #BF ......WHITE CHICKS
The swag is just natural to me
happy number day !
#Coworking is not Co-working. It’s an independent movement that doesn’t want to be separated by a hyphen!
If you live in #Milwaukee!LISTEN UP!The #FreshCoastClassic supports your community! Just ask one of our sponsors
so we HAVE to go
Going home, eating, then sleeping.
“: what's up?! :)” driving to Nashville!
Marta is screwing up, i need bus route 45 to stay with marta, i need that
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Stand-ups sometimes make me sad.
just because Romo hasn't won a Super Bowl doesn't mean he isn't as good of a QB as the other guys.
RT : "What actually sells...are newspaper articles asking if you've heard about the new bad thing that's gonna wreck your kid."
-thanks love..
If you fall, I fall too.
And he scored the go ahead run.
Bienvenidos a MIAMI!!!
1-800-PRINTING IS NOW GIVING AWAY 5000 BUSINESS CARDS FOR $75 DOUBLE SIDED COLOR.....ONE SIDE YOUR AD, THE OTHER SIDE OUR AD
Don't forget about Arizona, D.C., Tennessee, and Texas! What the heck, it's a great game. Share it around.
And one of the look a like's name is Harry!
Producing my own psychological thriller feature in 3D :)
Fascinating segment on #60minutes about Face Blindness and those who suffer from face recognition.
Bed early.
Not normally up this early without a set purpose. Looks like I'll get to enjoy for a change.
Just booked a #FIRSTrobotics event happening in October. Can't wait to capture these brilliant kids doing what they do best!
HEY (: im following u now (: follow back ?
Love seeing all the Fitz/Olivia love!!! <3 them!! People GET it! !
damn straight we got it like that she my nigga!
Your trainer will demonstrate good form for all exercises you will be performing
I'm feeling slightly claustrophobic!!
Here we go. They r all gone but I can't help but get a little hopeful!
Do you tweet? Follow us Go on and RT please.
what rodeo are yall going to?
i love the Pirates films! thx for letting us know
Mentions = dead
And a great site it is! Thanks again for www.petersparty.com!
All girls do is complain on twitter
This is HighSchool gym class, not the Olympics.
u aint tweet all night, i aint forget bout u
Set your camera before you let a stranger take a picture for you. Think, when you first got that camera. They're not used to the buttons
Top 10 Most Amazing iPhone Puzzle Games
Thanks for the shout out! :)
hate him
Amen! RT : Jeremy Shapiro #HCM2012 - don't just report something like turnover rate 4 the organization, contextualize it.
#FF What other Seattle restaurants should I be following? , , , ,
I have decided to be pro-active
102.3 FM has a radio remote over here @ our CLEAR office in Moore Plaza. Come on by and get free swag! We're right next to Sirloin Stockade.
Come check out the booth at the Ashland triathlon with myself and
I won't be working at red lobster much longer..
PDX --> JFK --> MCO So excited to finally be headed for training! See you on Wed & !
Q: if u kould hav 10 mins. in the room wit prince, wat would u do??????
QOTD from a patron regarding ID photos: "You think you look like hell until you get the next one."
For your convenience, starting January 24th we will offer GROOMING for your pets 6 days a week....more updates to come!
im not black but this white man can jump 10 feet high
#kids Comedy Pet Theater: Comedy Pet Theater from Monday, May 14, 2012 at 4:00 PM to Monday, May 14, 2012 at 5:30 PM Jubilee Theater 3645...
Ohh... Okay I Get It.... I didnt Know That... But I Stll Love Them!!!!
had a great time at yesterday's #time4biz tradeshow. We will have a booth next year!
You both dont have the consistency to stop me.
Hi sexy babydoll! I hope u had a great mothers day with your family..btw I work as a security guard in a cemetery on weekends
Just crossed into Louisiana! #doingthewavegoodbyeto Mississippi!
that's horrible!! 6-7 hours! how
best precision instrumetation amplifier for MAX4208AUA+ at www.synpur.com
Where do you wanna SunDay FunDay?! How about Brass Monkey #Milwaukee 700 East Layton. Live Country by Willow Creek Band tomorrow at 1pm!!!
Tea Drinkers: Use tea bags on the eyes and drink plenty of fluids and water. This reduces the retention and puffiness around the eyes.
lol I'd ignore your ass too. Honking at my Bugatti, sheit!
copywork and watching some batman. hello weekend
Dude, were getting a new coach next year!
Give dad a gift that you know he’ll use... give him pies! “Happy Father’s Day!” written on each pie: dz/$20. Pick-up only:call 504-945-2181
Support independent movies and independent thought
Milestone week! I never knew I would love being a Mompreneur so much!
Data and insights are important but beware the trap of analysis paralysis
The Bulls defense is sloppy tonight!!!
New post for this week "Why IndyCar Will Survive"
“: Connie Mack voted NO!! good man!!”. He is a very good man!
Hiring for a host position ASAP, please apply in person with resume!
Work wit the crew tonite..
My Boss Man, I'm FADED.
When I saw Hot Potato I thought of Niall say "potato" :)
The Boston Celtics will get a standing ovation tomorrow night when they are announced at the Quicken Loans arena to take on the Cavs...nuts.
SUCCESS surprising mom with going to pick up my brother, she cried :D
Follow Me To The "H" Purple City
You better watch that tone lol and yes they're RT : my followers aint lame mother fucker! Lmmfao !
#SometimesYouHaveTo ...be direct and forward with people... I'm so real wit it, i have em waiting for the punchline...
We're having a good problem - trying to list 2 pages of items but y'all keep buying the new stuff as soon as it's up!
Person I never would have guessed was in Hugo?
you tryin to buy this I pod tomorrow bro
how did your sermon go today rev?
Killer week . Got a sick show coming up Lounge . Get there or just be unhappy . ;)
at the Mets game!
8 days until Raising Champions event! Sports writer Rick Telender along with Blazer Martell Webster will be speaking. www.atlasprograms.com
Hanging out in basement with Emma asleep in my arms. Be safe everyone.
Do you say that while bend & snapping?
i had given up on today until i remembered REVENGE (semi) returns tonight!!
Success - Success does not consist in never making blunders, but in never making the same one a second time.
Nice to be home gonna do some rosetta stone! I swear imma learn spanish!
Thank u to our friends Nat and Alex! Great talented guys and the crowd was beautiful! Wat an honor for SST! Tommorow-sold out webster hall!
I'm slightly embarrassed that shaq is a doctorate in my field
RT : Some folks wake up so negative man. Believe it or not, it's possible to smile your way to a good day. << exactly!
#40thingsaboutme I post links to free stuff ☺
RT Happy Birthday, Billie Holiday! "If I'm going to sing like someone else, then I don't need to sing at all."
Good Morning.... its hUMp dAy
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"Bcuz he is also a Very Hard worker..
that's why the DrupalCon Chicago party was at the Field Museum. It wasn't alcohol centered, just available.
I think needs a peanut butter burger after that! BTW thanks 4 the invite...
I swear!
RT : That sad moment when you find a shirt you really like and they don't have your size. ):
Nicks finally win in the Playoffs
Nic! that song is so good! Keep it up girl! Wish you could come out with Trishy and I tonight! :(
I am a self-published author of two books and I would love to be exposed and connected to the next level.Call me 502-664-7836
thank you for the rt
i have been asking you to play the god damn song for MONTHS
YES man how could you forget Santa turned 21!!!
I will be signing copies of "Elite Eighth" tonight at the red and white scrimmage at Cardinal Stadium in Winchester. See you there
"I'm so happy 'cause today I found my friends, they're in my head"
Drive the bus. Wait for a bus. Drive the bus. See the people. Leave the people. Headache.
what's the average ship time to Texas? I'll be placing my order soon can't wait!
I hope Will Rhymes is okay... :(
aiight bro ill chk it out!!
tonight is a perfect example of San Antonio not being old, slow, boring. 97 points through 3 quarters @ sac on b2b.
That looks SO lovely. Bonus: I could hand-deliver your letter, which I still haven't finished!
dm ya email homie I gotta huge record for u
lol thanks its tomorrow :)
im sorry ladies but really super defined eyebrows scare me lol
ehhh... can i go home yet
The Japanese *know* how to eat. Amazing people.
So I'm moving again ... Verdict Sweden or San Fran ??? Find out soon.. This is exciting.... 8-)
A Spanish-speaking rep. from Balt. Public Schools said parents have the right to ask for a translator & have documents sent home translated.
imma get off of ur account now babe
There's always majesty in the mess.
Testing phone app
Morning all! Hope all lead their week by inspiration and determination!
that's a good call.
I don't be up long enough to see it . I'm mad it's only 15 minutes though
go get it lexakadiddy
Thanks You're extraordinary.
Pickup Line: Excuse me, miss, do you give head to strangers? No. Well, then, allow me to introduce myself.
r u the fan club and Bella throne ur awsome u rock
I JUST GOT THIS ,,,Yo I need everyone to blast this song off 4me please.This Lil Kim New Single and we got to make it major. LMS
Did you know; Lisa Gay Hamilton's husband is a writer. Thelonious Monk: The Life and Times of an American Original
Thanks It was an honor to be a part of the Family Strengths documentary! dld.bz/arxfq
but its important that you understand the contract. I highly recommend understanding how royalties works.
like this pick by
I actually found out yesterday that I may have a LITTLE bit of Indian in me do you werent completely wrong haha
yeah you should get it ;) either that or fix your phone lol
Thanks for the RT and mention!
Everyone drive safe to and from the game tonight in this weather.
The " Spoke-N-Word" Religious Biker Patch Available now at www.barefootdrumsofhouston.com $12.00 ea free shipping check out our blog.for inf
Come to Harold BBQ in Southfield later!
Can someone remind me to renew my Drivers license next week?
I can't meet today but would love to have lunch very soon.
It's always the people who like to hear themselves talk who talk the loudest. Not everyone cares what you have to say, buddy!
haha! anyways im going to watch austream, tweet tomorow??
#FYI In 2007, approximately 14 million Americans recycled their used cell phones. Can we increase that many times over this year & the next?
Kayakers were ill prepared - The Spokesman Review
just hangin at the band house goin over some songs together :)
#NeverApologizeFor saying the Truth... :)
Liberal all day everyday
This is either a forgery or a damn clever original
There's no better feeling than detonating (or disarming) an M-COM in the middle of a hellish firefight
O Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God, have mercy on me, a sinner.
highschool? Or college?
whew! that orange and white game wore me out! stood for 2 hours, got soaked, and had a argument with a police officer.
I'm not that pretty but trust me I would give you the chance<3 im only 11 though
Really guys? “: Presented without comment: there are no women testifying at the Congressional hearing on birth control.”
Muse is the fat Elvis of modern rock bands.
I can't possibly imagine who that could be. Hm
Notice mee. Im gonna cry :(
Insulting! Mubarak is insulting the intelligence of the Egyptian people! Even those who died for the cause!
The way I loved you
juss showing my babe some love !!!!!!
Even the best fall down sometimes.<3
No problem! Let's do a weekday game then!!
How do you deal with info overload? -- says it's not new - period of enlightenment had 'so many books'!
Hey did you know that Tiffany & Co. makes the Lombardi Trophy?
are you going with 'to a wonderful mum' or 'pow supamum'
Whenever the train pulls up with 1/3 of the people during my commute, I get nervous. Is it Saturday? Is it a snow day? Did I miss something?
THOUGHT FOR THE DAY: Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do. ~ Orison Swett Marden
man I haven't seen you in a long ass time lol how you been
Warning: Controversial tweet coming up. Twitter is not exactly the place for this, but I know I wont put it on my FB & I have to get it out.
Tks for the RT, it's about time for the shine!
Hey I'm a new Capper on the scene creating a following have any advice? Check out my video on youtube 1000 veiwers the firstday
Swayze is hands down the best actor/dancer/song artist of all time. Not to mention his hair is second to none.
go crazy, have a gingerale!
- I'm at work. Won't be home till 10/11. Have fun.
Yoga & pie, my kind of holiday.
is fucking AMAZING !
Bek se ju ... I (think) I love you! Or I'm just tipsy ... One or the other?
Went to orchestra
no means no
What sounds better than a fish fry in a snow storm. Don't want to leave the car? Just ask and we will bring your order out to you!
Blake was so open wtf how could you miss goodnight bitches
Goin' rogue! Congrats to the CoH team, been looking forward to this xpack.
I would hate them either way lol. But still I hate Kobe but I give the dude props.
#cosign RT : pretty sure there is never a bad time for Mad Men...."
Ends of weeks are tired.
Jeff never did ....pay me back ...for the ones he lost ... lol i aint even tripping no more
Thank yoU!
"Our minds instruct our senses..." : npr.org/blogs/krulwich
Green on your mind, I can see it in your eyes!
Idek depends what I do before.
I beat the pussy up that's the hook right thurrrrrrrrrrrrrrr . Lolol jcolee :)
Dr. Klineberg presents the 31st annual Houston Area Survey
Good morning peeps happy 4th I hope u got the day off unlike me.
I will!!! It mite take awhile but I will make it happen!! Lmao
I always have that 1 negative thought bouncing around in my head.
Conversation is over, but I will be posting all the notes online tomorrow.
aww thats sucks are u feeling better
I can't get out of my mind.
William Pitt~ Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom. It is the argument of tyrants it is the creed of slaves.
I have missed reading your tweets. Looking forward to reading you again Love you
I Let the take me away this morning too! just makes things better.
watchin the same movie omg thought that coach from xu looked like Dorsey but nah
Man im finna delete my page...Im make anoutha 1 win im on its hustle time...Good bye tweeta...its more like see u latta!!
My grandparents were born in the 19th century though, so it's totally okay.
Good to see the entire Flames roster is participating in Movember
jus got out of the shower & I have bruises,cuts,scraps,all over my body?! & i have a photoshoot sat for the label =(
It's a neat metaphor. All I seem to ever grasp are metaphors.
"practically every country in the world with manufacturing diffusion indices below 50 and the U.S. above 50" -D.Rosenberg
The stuff they say doesn't make sense, makes sense to anyone who actually listens to dialogue, watches scenes, & has basic logic skills.
We had a really good time in Dc. You need to eat at Chinatown express in Chinatown. It's great!!
: welcome to a life of trying to get college to fit around school. It just don't ever really work out... ever.
make show yall come back
it goes way beyond trust! Thank you for all your faith in me and support over the years.
If I had more than two weeks to finish my thesis you can bet I would.
I am interested in attending and of course publicizing it.
Aight let me stop getting deep. Good night yall!
wouldnt expect anything more from you
Real friends will accept you, despite all your flaws
Watching first episode of Sherlock, 2nd Season. The rest of you can wait until Sunday.
yeah just like u only love my mouth ass n pussy!!!!! Jerk ass nigga!!!! I love you too!!!!
"The reputation of #Alabama will take a hit, and 4ward looking ppl r also being affected"
follow back yo!
i can already tell this LAKER game is going to give me a massive headache
turn him down a few notch!!
same to you buddy! Hope it was a fun event for you.
Di2 fail or fail?
Great! I was astounded to see Coke machine AND Pepsi machine AND candy machine AND Hagen Dazs case at Kaiser clinic in Portland
When she gets back with Katelyn, we'll come get you.
Thank you! =)
Great day here at beautiful Lake of the Ozarks! We are selling a lot of boats!!!!! Time to get on the water!
Looks like TRUST is in their care now. FREEWAY was only Republic for home video & looks like it stays with Lionsgate.
Finishing up a job for the Philadelphia Global Water Initiative
i hate how curls come out with the curling iron
#tinktrivia boston, mass
If people were influenced by video games, the majority of Facebook users would be farmers by now.
This is driving me crazy!!!!!!
Oh my bald bryan is here ....
Time 2 step away from the cpu & eat soon. Hearing Mary J in my head singing about chicken. #starving ~bld~
he friggin would, shouldn't it be black tho? with a nice snake decal lol..
i had a boy tell me that he would have sex with drake if he could ... i say me and that boy need to be besties fo lyfe~
matter of fact, it would be a good one for one of those teens u were tlkn about
what happened to you and you heat team? You already gave up on them?
This is some gay ass shit bruh. I'm done.
why hello, weekend.
That's what we're here for :)
Im trying to get my facebook back to how it was before >.<
Totes haven't been on TW- sry 4 delayed response! It was SO fun catching up w/you 2 & next time we'll go somewhere w/ REAL margs!
miss you bestie!!
Who's ready to end their "Long Day's Journey" today by coming to the Kraine theater tonight? You'll be glad you did. NYTimes agrees.
Anyone who has the paper from Mrs. Ferrells spanish class for the project DM me!
Obama on Jimmy Fallon POTUS w/ the mostest
We only have a couple of RV/Boat spaces left! Stop by to rent one today!
I think Memphis takes game 5. Tough to win a 7 game series when you give away 2 games
New favorite flavor: LemonZest. Thanks to for handing out samples last night. So delicious!
Thanks for the #FF! “: #FF librarians that tweet!”
Great year for me and my company and many more good things to come. Just close a great deal with national TV company for my show.
AWESOME advice! TY! RT : Marital bliss is a myth; marital happiness is attainable.
I did remind you! Lol
All that is left is a stupid banquet tomorrow, three finals next week, and commencement. #whatdoidonow?
Happy Thursday everyone! Do you have any weekend events to recommend/share?
love life loyalty wisdom knowledge understanding....need i say more?
just sayin hi. Hope you're doing well
Perfect for flights to HI?
#ReasonsToGetNaked............who needs a reason ?
Inside the NBA on TNT is some of the best television you can find
cracks me up
What makes you smile? Let us know!
You said one direction; im automatically in your conversation now.
You're the coolest people I eva met on twitta!
on PS3? Yep. Kind of painful.
Do you guys need someone in Austin, TX? I'm on the job market, looking for a company I can believe in.
Fill In The Blank: I've always wanted to ____________________.
Have you cleared your environment for the new year? Eliminated clutter at home/work so there is room to breathe and grow?
Hey buddy! Randomly ran across your profile, working GG was fun. Good to see your new film trailer. Cheers.
WI State Fair today with - what deep fried treat should we try?
We apologize for not answering! Next time you order we'll give you some free knots or Cannoli. Thanks for trying us!
Thanks for the feedback. Definitely curious to hear more about Participatory Design Studio and other work...
oh god
can your brother chance the wedding date? Is that a possibility?
Now my tummy is hurting
Ever wonder if your dog sees you putting on flip flops and takes longer outside to prove a point? Brrr!!!!
Fwiw I just posted a YT clip not long ago w/ no captcha. Maybe it's a No-embed thing by the original poster?
We are pleased to announce that Traffic LA, one of our favorite Los Angeles boutiques, will soon be carrying Built For Man. Watch out LA!
haha! I asked him about "Where's the cookie man?" & he said the question out loud & like "I don't know...where's the....(c)
We're open! Stop by for a balloon flight, Animal Extravaganza, and to see your friends in Prairiretown!
Mets-Braves..Knicks-Bulls. Very conflicted right now.
Abt what being a 'Man' is? Or abt your repeated muffuletta abbreviation? Shld probably figure out at least 1 of them.
Love You Khloe , you speak your mind :)
out was 1 player selected from every team in the nfl. Gamers voted online. voting was open to anybody
Danny Reagan is intense tonight ;) iLIKE xo
Am I the only person that plays 11:11 while it's 11:11?? Haha
#ItsFunnyHow people can't be real with me...
showed the grit, and passion it takes to be the best!
Got the word today...Back in the studio to record new tunes November 27 with Chase Rhythm Recordings
Damn that's disappointing....
My fucking eye ugh
When the caution flag comes out, just keep your head down and keep going. Gods got this.
Oh thank you!
Hmm....a glass of wine don't sound bad
have an amazing #MaraMonday 
cus I see sparks fly,whenever youu smile <3 **
Thanks for the RTs, Elise and the marvelous Cassidy Jones!
Hi PiP...u r awesome...I'll try 2 figure out how 2 return the compliment. Just got back from watching my grandson!
Have u ever heard of a lazy fart lmfao (inside joke)
RT : #followfriday Cuz, bitches, if youre not following her yet, you are fucking missing out. [I Love blatant Honesty]
Come check out Happy Hour at Oz! $3.50 cocktail specials and our famous Soju Cocktail for just a little bit more! 5:30-close!
#Natosummit bout to stir up a lot of criminal activity in
NEW Weekend Tweeps! Thx for the follows!
Mapping Atlanta session is in Grand Ballroom J and not Grand Ballroom A-C.
: When I rolled over, you hung up. I.O.U a call back my friend. #TMZ been after me, so I been on the go.
thank you!
The dumb bitches in this room my gawd
#ConstanciCrew I love the fact that its not a surprise to me that we got it trending!(: Haa'(:
vs Okc in the 1st round of this years playoffs?! Word
I understand THAT! That's why I like the Click (130 cal/serving) & the metabolic reset (120) -- even with a banana, it's ok
How's all the Sexy Peeps doin today? I think some humpin is due today... after all it is hump day right?
RT : I gotta stay true to myself. #Salute to all those who keep it real!
lets hang out then
lol are you referring to the old ppl shouldn't have email?
Worst dunk contest ever.
thanks for the #ff! Hi from #Caracas!
Very sheer crinkled cream silk,warm toned moonstone,FW pearls,zebrastone-deep green w/chatoyant white streaks,olive green lame,moss jasper
I want to be on 6th today too :(
help spread the word about our SpecialNeeds Activity Center 4Kids! we are always in need of help&donations! www.snacknyc.com
That totally explains it! I should really tone down the brilliance a little.
t(-_-t) goodnight
How could you stay the same for me, but change for her??
Horses doing a great job of keeping #Mifflin2012 clear
Taking a class on #itunesu about information literacy, assessment, and pedagogy. I love being a
For them to have 15 to's and be down by 4 is amazing
LVDRocks is a promo code for a FREE LoveVoodoo membership
Powerful messaging that paints a picture of "the Mexico you don't know" via video.
how's so?
More reasons why
yeah its a lot better than fb.
saying that God created the marijuana "flower" doesn't make it better
Serious conversations with me <
Some of yall do shit just cause its in a song...yen really smokin, poppin or sippin.....sit down..
Cassius is being a punk. Shocking.
“: Who plays draw something?” I do :)
I been checkin u out! u good keep it up I like it
M with family :)
and i wish i could have this moment for life, for life, for life.
with my sister til she goes off to Switzerland
If anybody is going to the 3 p.m. #UWSocial talk by employee before #SWMadison, I could use a ride.
if u want it to be
Thanks for the follow ;)
My mom needa hurry up so we could go ;o
the truth is...... i cant stop thinking of you
Things to try: turn off guaranteed sync, make sure all cues are preloaded, & other cues not loading when next cue starts
Thank you. :)
#makeitorbreakit finale! YES
sorry, what's that? :)
Morning ppl yall so late i already caught my worms
I want to be drunk tonight.
And it's only good use (printed form) is to become yellow-stained as a training tool for a dog! Sensationalism is rotting our society
sick of dining hall food.
GUESS WHAT FELLAS #TeamActLikeALadyThinkLikeAMan! IS IN FULL EFFECT
Watching the Phillies game (: come on Worley (: you got this <3
Either way sounds good, I like road trips and lunch at corporate!
picking sessions to attend for #DL09 next week. Looking forward to Monday's certificate program on scenario-based e-learning!
and let it be recorded on May 5 2012 that an accord of mutual agreement has been reached
In less than 24 hours I will receive a recognition award from the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce at the Majors Business Luncheon.
Is life worth living? That depends upon the liver. The liver is the housekeeper of the health.
Low tech... high tech... always something new to figure out. Worm composting to apps... Kewl :}
Just Got Some Good News...
I think I just ate the most delicious orange ever.
Feh. Just registered for a webinar then remembered I have a meeting then. At least it's a free webinar.
check your dm's
I love you, Drew Brees. Shiva here I come!!!
Not sure if the Bon Iver covers of early 90s Annie Lennox and Bonnie Raitt are aiming for nostalgia, but I am totally falling for it.
Which team made the smartest picks, which will benefit there team, and which team made the worst?
Thanks for the retweet, sweetie. Hope to see you soon.
It Takes The Same Amount Of Time To Delete You Out Of My Life, As It Does To Delete You Out Of My Phone.
You will show your poker greatness by the hands you fold, not the hands you play. Dan Reed
Missed the #furthur presale but doesnt look like I missed much. TM fun to ensue....
Looks like our friendship is over maybe
Betman said the same thing about Atl. They have to say it. Sac was the only other one. Unless pacers attendance doesnt pick up.
Aww, I'm glad you're back! :)
Temperance River, take my mind...
Off to another photo shoot.
Yeah, my wife was watching Lost, and at each commercial break, you have to click to continue. Not exactly a submersive experience
HoeLies# 8 It's so BIG.
You have to get "off" certain things in order to get "on"
Tune in to tomorrow morning 8:45 will be on!! Finally find out what ROCK THIS RESTAURANT is really all about!!
Thank you! And yes it does!
we didnt show as we showed our new collection at fall market Please pop in next time!
Looking forward to seeing you there!
it's a tricky one:
thanks brother it means a lot.
THE BEACH!
I was actually right about cars when arguing with Kyle. Yes, it was the Acura NSX Roadster that I knew more about than you.
is looking for new Web designers and developers to add to our team! Contact me if you are interested in working with us.
;O I Love That Name!!
It's a new Day, breathe again...stop suffocating yourself from Life. Pray & let it Go
Shout out to #TeamCM I'm in orlando with #plush #studios #behindthescene #movielife #week STARTSSSSAS WE WITH
Answer us, Daniel. Stickam tonight? y/n?
Sounds good lol (:
Sometimes I agree--yay for miracles! RT It will be nothing short of a miracle if I finish this degree
It's 4:27pm, do you know where your weekend is?
How much are Kevin Hart tickets hitting for?
are you comin to do a book signin??
waiting on out check :)
Ted rules RT : NFL Draft has begun. Ted Thompson’s first draft as GB GM was 2005, turned seven picks into 11 w/ trades
Good luck with the apartment search tomorrow!
While conservatives give by far the most to charity, charities themselves are usually run by rabid socialist/liberals. Be careful in giving!
I wonder how many people will be watching #CGIU at #GWU in DC tonight. It could be fascinating & provide more reasons for optimism.
Have about an hour to spare. Think I'll hit the gym.
yeah. And lakers play fri and sat there. Maybe they will play a day game
I find that so funny "oh u have to yell" no bc in the end i have a cold face when im correcting u-i build leaders not scared followers
thank you!! Love you too!
I don't like MID either, but compared with automation and globalization, its effect is probably pretty small.
Lessons from subconscious? Be mistrustful of celebrity charm, and I need to have dinner at again soon. Love that place.
My son looks and acts like Voldemort in the Sorcerer's Stone. He's not at full power yet.
saw him hit on a friend if ours at Off The Record one night. Mans got moves
love the short link awe.sm.
you're welcome!
I LOVE that thinks I'm most influential about steak. I don't eat steak. (yep probably all those Steak and Shake check-ins...)
I've got my plans to have fun & #wangchung tonight :-) anyone else?
Think I might just do that.. RT : beer run....
you should really be here !
From : "Why are men trying to take away women's rights?" / Good question! (part 1/2)
Three new Florida polls out today, and they all show leading or statistically tied for the lead. This is a whole new race.
RT : Seriously a little angry about this National Grilled Cheese Day on Pesach thing. We invented the sandwich!
The balance between schedule, release timing, features, hours of gameplay vs. quality of those hours is the trickiest part of game dev, IMO.
Kyle Longest presenting on using twitter in the classroom #furman_ctl teaching and learning forum
RT : Sorry to read about death of Olympic diving gold medalist Mark Lenzi. He was exciting USA athlete. Dead at 43.
Does the Aunt Ruby persona enhance or limit your orgs ability to innovate?
RT : 2-2, man on 3rd, 1 out for the #Mariners in the bottom of the 9th. RT if you're wearing your rally cap right now.
is that an old pic or did you get him back ? ?
i still love wet the bed by chris brown
a campaign so flaccid does not pull out. it falls out.
I'm learning so much about wood and leather....at the shop. Soon to be open. Heck have buyers now. :-)
Congrats! (And I'd like to think your purty website helped too... :-) )
Getting excited for the season!
Just tweeted. Second quickest trot of year. 17.07 secs.
Big thanks to our amazing hosts in NYC!
haha I might be there
about to get nasty in the dunk contest tonight!
of course
Creating an account for my new Spanish and Latin American music concert series. Woohoo!!!
The network is up! We are load balancing the two connections and are working on reducing latency
happy birthday :)
I bet my dog is thinking of every time I don't give her a treat whenever she has an "accident."
lit my candles already!! IM READY FOR THE STORM!!!!!
SMU will announce shortly that former Texas QB Garrett Gilbert is transferring to play for June Jones.
Happy Trivia Tuesday! Of the 92 natural elements in the earth’s crust, what does Gold rank in rarity (what #)? No Googling!
You can get a good look at a butchers ass by sticking your head up there but wouldnt you rather take his word for it #OlensTips via Yingling
You have probably taken Ibuprofen, but have you ever tried Ibuprofen CREAM? Avoid stomach upset by applying where it hurts! 412-681-6400
Keep telling her she's pregnant.
I went there for lunch! Delish
Table 44 is not the same without you. We miss you bro !!!
Never cut what you can simply untie...
Madelou: thinking about the others is thinking about ourselves
Nations need to band together and take back what banks such as Goldman Sachs-have stolen by selling a rotten bill of goods to all of us.
Marti, love your profile pic! Is that during a performance?
WITH SWORDS AND ARMOR!
sorry I had piano lessons..... #awks haha
RT Only a true friend can see the real pain behind a fake smile.
Pay dat man for hiz swag
It's Hot Af In This House -__-
Thanks! I was totally confused on that, I misunderstood Dr. Sha big time in class yesterday : ) I'm so relieved now : )
returning from vacation isn't as painful if you answered emails during vacation.
Just get better! Don't make me come down there and...um...well, i can't really make the sick go away, but i'll try!
thanks pa..#shoutout right back
“: "cheers to Emily" absolutely true :)” agree is awesome
Watching the Taker/Edge TLC match from 09. Such a solid match.
Have you read?
I've read this before... Where is it from?
Why am I crying though..
“ Fucked her that Friday night we both woke up that Sunday morning”
I'm excited to try out tonight.
Tell your mom hello, and I love her and her book club too!
For my grandma... RT : It's Alzheimers Action Day. Someone is diagnosed every 69-seconds. WEAR PURPLE www.alz.org
Thank you!
rise and shine twitter fam
You can't break a fist pump
because no one can be outside for more than 25 minutes without dying from heat stroke.
no I have crush on tyler herrera. Yes blaha
printers w / different versions of Windows shouldn't be a problem to hook up. Give a shout if you want me to take a look...
Oh and watermelon too c:
Source? MT : Manhattan: American Airlines 34 has 3 passengers locked in a restroom. Fighter Jets are assigned for an intercept.
and i just ignored your phone call :))))))))
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
this is unruly
We're thankful for our patrons! RT New year, new songs!! Thank goodness for the !
I speak from experience, I ignored the red flags and sadly my kids had to deal with her abuse.
Los Feliz Hills mediterranean home for sale. Check it out: www.3651holboro.com More pictures to come.
My 700th tweet goes to the Mahomie Family, and Mama Mahone Hope my 700th tweet Gets Favorited and RT'd by AM<3
...One of the most eye popping things about the show (which repeats tomorrow) is all the color film footage. Martin Sheen narates
When are you gonna post more interview of the boyz <3 :)
There's something magical about sleeping until 2 on a Sunday.
The best sermon is a good example. ~WBowen
Gwyneth, put the cape back ON!!
Lone Pine Sanctuary ROCKS. Also, koala noses feel like the skin of kiwi fruits. :) Glad you're loving Australia!
Right there is the problem I have with sometimes he just needs to shut the fuck up and let the debate happen
Critics Cinderella with
hungry as hell
My poor Rondo couldn't hit a wide open jumper. It's okay tho.
I don't care if it seems impossible to obtain your love, but I'm not giving up.
all the good parties require an auxiliary plate of food. i take it vegan thanksgiving was a success?
Have you heard any talk about the Wood Bros. having a fan-sponsored #21 w/Trevor Bayne in the All Star race on May 21?
#Resonate2012 Registration begins in 1 hour and 50 minutes! We are so excited to begin this amazing conference!
#ReplaceAGagaSongWithYourName Bad Jasmine (:
i just wanna get high. fuck you, linda.
Have a good Monday!
Following our decision to cancel the physical occupation of #mla12, we are now seriously considering closing the account.
thanks sweetie :)
go to www.WeAreSuperheroes.net and we have some links on there also
..racing on the thunder and rising with the heat It's gonna take a superman to sweep me off my feet..
Now Following: n Thanks for the follow! :-)
Nice....The Egg avatar is very becoming LOL
all the time!!
we have the same sunglasses :)
rotating roles in a project - sounds a lot better than one person being saddled with the committee head job
went u was calling him he was coeming up thank u
Awful choice with LaPanta. Dull and uninspiring doesn't work for hockey.
things are a happening, progress is being made, more soon!
I think you should write about Danielle :) And about when you started singing... How you felt!
It's Homework Time! 😒
Picked the kids up from school, got their homework done, made them sum nuggets. They got the rest of the day to chill... #efficient daddy
Bitch please. I'm no intern. I was Now I'm
;-) rt Awesome...*gushes* I'm being followed by Follow the Rose?!? Wow. Thanks! ;)
Woohoo! Go Cougars :)
Definitely something to think about.
<3 RT : Reading twitter while pumping in my car before three hours of trial
See Kristen Stewart&#39;s Gorgeous Mad Men Look on Elle Cover
book signed by who wrote if aliens are thinking of blowing up world, she hopes they meet me, b/c I'm worth saving
The homie Phoenix came to the lab to pick out a beat today, we working mayne!
and disturbing
And I know that you'll find, love, I will possess your heart.
it's Christmas time in the city
stop tweeting so much I only followed you because it was trendy after the world cup...
Actually, Neko's reaction was mixed...at best.
I lost my mind trying not to lose my soul
Nice! Well happy Labor day! Are you doing a semester or internship there?
the 76ers have now matched the 2011-12 success of the philadelphia flyers. technically speaking.
let's not forget street teams! cc.
Nelson Mandela is alive and well despite rumours on social media sites on Tuesday that he has died, state-owned broadcaster SABC reported.
remembering that Elijah worked many miracles, and departed into heaven alive.
I'm not ashamed to admit to just how many hours of 60s pop I can and do listen to. 60s on 6! Anyone with me??
IT WAS!!!! It made me smile 'cause you NEVER see celebrities with zits! I felt bad because I think he noticed me looking at it
Oh, I know. This is the second lap. ;)
I have done Cima
didnt he get arrested for getting into a fight at a gay bar lololol
I am looking forward to finding out who the man in the latex suit is!
"Like a virgin! Hoo...touched for the very first time" (in my Madonna voice) after 3 month massage hiatus
We're loving this quote to kick off the week: “For business reasons, I must preserve the outward signs of sanity.” - Mark Twain.
Success - There is only one success--to be able to spend your life in your own way.
Last day of school for the week! Track meet tonight at monrovia! Then practice Friday :/ But WCC Saturday!! #yay 😃👟
"The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious ~ it is the source of all true art and science." ~ Albert Einstein
THANKS FOR THE SHOUTOUT :) MUCH LOVE.
Let the record reflect that I'm gd tired of rolling, cutting out, and baking Christmas cookies ... and I'm only 1/2 way thru the dough. Ole.
“: looks like severus Snape from Harry potter getting her hair cut lmaoooo” f u
Not certain the other rose garden visitors enjoyed my rendition of Poison's "Every Rose Has Its Thorn" as much as I did...
- Endorphins are one of the best natural antidotes to depression there is. We need to replace pills with dumbbells.
Can I buy songs on amazon for my iPhone ?
"Serve God,love me,mend me,this is not the end, live unbiased,I'm sorry, sigh no more.
Ah, AWS EC2. Where "I need a server for a couple minutes. Also, my total budget for this task is $0.01." is perfectly valid.
Agreed, the underlying ethics are inappropriate if the content didn't need trimmed for clarity.
got it when I saw the movie lol
Josh's hometown is going Kray!
we had a small downtime last night but the site and visualizations are all still churning along
We had a great service and looking forward to next week. "the keystones" to Spiritual economics, Putting First Things First
Chris Brown was great========
Hairy Christmas
thank you love :D
Sure am. Getting ready to move into a new bigger warehouse. So excited!
- that's 28. Just two away!
on facebook? check out my fan page - do a search on OptionsTradingSystem!
. I'm not accepting ANY Corp PAC $, all Dems in #wi02 have followed my lead except Pocan
that baby is already born!!?? Didn't she go into labor at 8am???
My throat hurts..
Rainy day at home with sons...one with what appears to be pink eye.
yes but presale for next year is tom.
*MVPs #goodgrammar RT I want to congratulate wisconsin's mvp, the refs. (especially anthony jordan). Vandy had no answer for you
You don't mean anything to me anymore.
Congrats! Welcome to the crazy post-graduate life that some people call "adulthood."
Sitting here at freelance mike's place working on line blogging
Planning the Funky Promotions 3 year Anniversary Party! Were having a band from out west headline the event! Stay Tuned for updates
Playing the Jam Session Tonight at The Grand Bohemian in Orlando, Florida
EXTRAORDINARY week in Chicago!!!! My baby graduated WITH HONORS from Columbia College and I had an AMAZING vacation with my fireman
is dropping serious science on Polynesian menstruation.
Not a good day to be a Mogwai
that we'll be the sammeeeee. but nothins gonna be the same, but we're making all the same mistakes.
Why do people wear feathers in their hair...like you do know you look absolutely rediculous right....
Unbelievable how your facial expressions always match your character's moods flawlessly. Pure natural talant.
I just saw three black men in lambos and none of them looked like rappers thats cool
remeber when u had yo lil bro to say it...that was even funnier
Day of Irish Dance at the Landmark today! Slainte!
hows it going?any crazy stories about being on ABDC?or is it all just one giant crazy ride?<3 =]
You are the person you are today because of specific experiences geared to make you effective in your purpose. Do not despise the process...
awesome work, ladies. Innovative stuff. Important for #artsed!
These 7th graders are freaking out cause someone said cunt ! Shut up !!
true. too true. we all know them.
Always great to have friends that still call me young. According to my son I am "really old"
RT : I'm in Austin for a month! It really is the perfect weather here right now... Pretty nice here in Dallas too.
awesome. no ticket price. I can make it rain a couple a drink to see this. Should I dress accordingly? :)
i wish you much success in 2012 and beyond! I enjoy your commentary. "WE" need your voice!
I don't know. Waterboy sounds like a for sure thing, lets hope he's the next Bobby Boucher!
Writing scripts for this afternoons Film Club at a local Primary School. Today we get to film with the big camera!!
you're willing to watch a 4 hour long chick flick for the beck of it??:O How are you still Single???? Lol
current fave track on Allderdice?? enjoying me some Mia Wallace lately
Reggie Evans doesn't say Happy Mothers Day. He just glares at his Mom, and she knows that he loves her.
that must mean your picking be up then?
OMG BOY WAIT UNTIL YOU HEAR ME SING! ;D
Soo..... guarding Al Horford with Marquis Daniels was the good thing to do? I guess so...
still going through set up... No time to eat... But able to keep hydrated... The road is a lonely mistress
Bein honest in my own estimation of my positions so that I can accept the outcome, pay the price & reevaluate myexpectations.
hope you are enjoying your vacation!!! <3
Yesum that Game is still around
Another persons weight isn't your fucking concern. So, just stay the fuck out of it.
thank you lots lexi!
Yes! " it ok to go as for Halloween in Madison? I have the #ReshapeTheNation shirt, a plain hat and shirt."
She humpin my butt
On my way to bed just seen karate kid. So awesome!!!
Do you know what I wish for? I wish for me to be sweet and Funny like all the other Arianators out there :)
did it on em
it's easy to stay up-to-date with a division foe when I follow
I'm up way too early this morning.
Digital age can be good for journalism, but also problem. Ppl you intv can tweet about it, alert others about your story.
hope he grows the beard back, m.
. puts body on line, makes driving layup. Fell hard and was clutching his right wrist. He's up now, though.
OMEGA PRODUCTIONS LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT PLAZA DEL REY BALLROOM... HUGE QUINCE
Yeah of course i'm a fan of DOAWK!! Yeah she replied me twice and RT me 2 times too :D
I think it's crap that the UK gets The #Avengers before us, get your own heroes you Limeys!
yea I did.
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
Happy #NationalBagelDay! What's your favorite kind?
Good morning
It's a Sam Cooke kind of morning….
and just like that its like lives not even worth living
your good with calling someone on a personal line when they didn't give you that number? Doesn't seem like something you'd do
zumba is super fun! Your calves/quads/butt really get a workout
That nigga be balling.
There we go Blue. Touch Down!
Looking for one bilingual female rep in LA this Saturday night! 5pm-midnight, email with your info ASAP!
I just unfollowed/reported u as spam! u have the most filthiest mouth/pics i have ever seen!
Good night
"If you understand freedom, it comes from tolerance and nonviolence." - Ron Paul
its ok bud i'm cutting back on my calls
Carson Racer Boris Said is on Top Gear America tonight! Check it out on the History channel on right now. Program re-airs at 10:00 PM PST.
please please please please #1DMix933 :-)
I'm trying (: Where you ben ?
Let's figure this out. I'm still trying. well, welcome to us!
but then I wouldn't have two black cards.
I'm gunna get bit by that turtle, knowing my luck.
Christmas is the season when you buy this year's gifts with next year's money. ~ Anonymous
Thanks for the mentions. CEONet retreat was great. very engaged audience.
The worst thing you can do is to stop marketing! (Justin DeStoppelaire)
it aint no love in these streets !
Wow! You must have been little then. What belt did you make it to?
Sometimes questions are more important than answers.-- Nancy Willard
why isnt the left arm sore as well? Are you left handed?
thank girl!! Yours is coming up!
A4: "Triumph of the City" has been waiting on my Kindle for a while... Know some of it is gonna make me mad, so I'm stalling.
Incredible night at the recital for my awesome vocal teacher, . Thanks for shaping me into the artist I am today!
people will forget what you say and do but they'll never forget how u made them feel
Keep your heart in a locket,Put the key in my pocket.c; <3
I'm pretty sure is the most BA person on TV. Can't wait to watch #fieldtest tonight!!
Pretty girls never really date super attractive guys. And really handsome guys rarely date super pretty girls. I wonder y tho?
On our way to Freehold, NJ for our show at the Freehold VFW who's stoked?!? Doors at 530 RT if you're coming out!
haha... I guess Mother Nature is mindful of education this season
He needs win for P/ R
appreciate it :)
I like to think it's my own way of supporting America and what we stand for.
who wants a Free Song?
RT 52.1 left after shot by Taylor and Jarmusz missed...tie up gives GB ball up 4!! Get to a radio.
My world has been flipped upside-down. According to our team Jung workshop I'm not an ENFP! I'm ENTP! I don't know who I am anymore!!! AHH
we like! RT : yoga three or four times a week, trying to start up running again but failing
Woo hoooooo i just won a tmobile sidekick this is amazing i get it shipped tom me next week
It is beautiful there. Enjoy!
smh yall we hate the heat fans be killin a nigga but yeah i called that game ass whippin pt.2
Life's downright crappy sometimes. But i'm constantly reminded how lucky i am to be surrounded by wonderful people. Dear friends, thank you.
#MikeRosen says judicial activism is what spurious judges do when they refuse to be bound by law or the constitution.
ok... #facebook seems to have fixed their issue, for the moment at least...
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious....can you guess why that song has been in my head today :)
<<<< this person is sexy!
What' s shaking?! How's it going - I didn't click to listen, b/c I'm working on a report - but do you make your own songs?
Oh. you're 16 and quit smoking? How Inspiring.
Dear Corey Hart, learn to hit the curveball. Currently, you suck at hitting those. Love, every #Brewer fan alive.
Daniel, I think this may have you pegged, baby!! Ha, ha, ha! November loves! :-) #Scorpio's self-nurturing highlight: Solitude
next season bulls...
This means my boss starts maternity leave in 15 minutes, so I am now in charge of systems at work for the next 3 months
Thanks to everybody who came to the and show last night. It was really fun. See you next week with ur date story
Okay, what's going on here? Everything has vanished. What gives?
If "battle royale" and "hunger games" were in a dystopian future where 12 movies had to fight to the death, "battle royale" would win
what's ur page on streamate. And have u been in any music videos?
didnt get a single thing done today.
no biggie. You probably know us from "VerseCity - Tik Tok Rok" look it up if you got a sec. ✌
Could Today Finally Be The Day you Notice me? or is it always gonna be a dream. follow me<3 8
waits on this phone call...
My thoughts go out to all of the support staff affected by all this.
RT : Don't forget, tweet me with your FIU Business Incubator StartUp Questions! today @ 11 a.m
Thanks Beau!
But yes. It's good :) Contract signed, closing in June.
forreal Dow. I'm trying to go down to Miami with some friends before school starts though
im devastated...as a fan i still have hope as far as a bracket choice, you might be right
This smell has been following me all day, and its not me...
": I have a hate/love relationship with the gym :/" i know what you mean!
Looks like your Boy did great today, now if we can keep him going Sunday!!!!
checkout the homi #Jwisesquared #GasNoBrakes coming June 5th! stay tuned for a production on #GasNoBrakes2 !
Had an amazing time at !! Thanks to everyone who made the trip fun and interesting. How many of you did we meet?
I still haven't been able to catch up on sleep
In our mailbox, which is three blocks from the house.
congratulations to for reaching a new WordPress milestone of 1,000 blogs! Let us know when you hit 5k!
JUST BOUGHT MY TICKETS! #Clubparadisetour May 19th 
Busy Weekend. Santa going lots of places. Ho Ho Ho still needs amplification and the man needs a stage set to be looking good.
TONIGHT - DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Play the Best Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Danceclub!!
Some #MIA fans just horrible man so many empty seats at #A with 1:30 left Heat down 7 with ball. I'm sure they're frustrated but come on
Great call on Customer Retention starting now . Http://www.BMCTalkshow.com Come join in on the fun
You are so sweet :) Thank you very much! I hope you had a great weekend xox
I wanna be laying out on the beach reading a cosmo sipping on a fruity drink with an umbrella in it!! Lol
I know. They would have had to be smart enough not to put her on.
": You know what? You look hot." This reminds me of you... and Logan ;F
who's The sideline reporter that did the interview with Beth? Twitter handle?
yup Hahaaa can't wait
RT : Rep Morrow 'very concerned' abt no roof. Wd be 'fundamental change in the project'
the idea of elementary school kids w ipads is just so damn sad.
This Thursday is ACM night at ! Check out Chateau, Tree Piece and 10pm 21+ $3 at the door.
why are only two peas in a pod #explanation please
So stoked with the amazing team of !!! Something exciting coming!!!
I can't even imagine, I'm very impressed with a project that size done in reflective - have photos anywhere of it?
I've never been to a club where the DJ just sorta stops spinning. So why do pop songs keep telling the DJ "don't stop?"
hen u no i can see this right?
Hi My name is Karah and I tweet a lot.
lol, awesome- it's MADNESS! Great job buddy n see u next week!
What do you think are mind-blowing articles/books on DH and literary criticism? [+]
this nigga gave me onion rings
I know you don't need last months newspaper in your car laying around and shit!
the thing I run is just an hour, once a week during the summer. When I was a kid I did Skyhawks, but Arena Sports now has camps.
Can't stop thinking about tomorrow. 24 hours from now, we'll be either on top of the world or despondent. No middle ground.
I love my iPad like a family member. What did it do to bake you hate it?
That's not suspect. That's guilt.
Rockstar is another that gets me.
someone teach me how to cook....
A heavyweight title boxing match...
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 :) 8
Talkin Turkey officially rolls out- gobbling all over this town! Startin @ Meridian & 116th at 1030am so come get yo Cajun fill!
When campaign ads are so egregious that normally-silent Navy SEALS criticize them, that is not a trivial matter
Filling up 28% of the arena is the first problem. But yeah, not a terrible performance from the people that actually went.
Shirtless men giving each other haircuts is the hottest and rarest square on my gay bingo card.
Blue Men Group, let the madness began
RT : That #AWKWARDMoment when Chris Brown reaches back to scratch his head and all the hoes in the room flinch!
good morning. Are you free next Friday night for my birthday party?
i am a 14 year old boy that wanna become an actor since a little kid i really need a agent ect. can yall help me
DailyHookahTip#58: Another 100% tar and nicotine free alternative to hookah tobacco is shisha. Keep those lungs fresh!
Poised Creation is blessed to be backed by some of the best business professionals in the country!
and ur a 5 year old for saying so :)
A pretty blue and white silk skirt, a nice lightweight top and a lovely Ann Taylor cardigan. Can't wait to wear them out!
It's terrible is ending unlimited data to those who have been loyal.
no body but u the upchuck king
Awesome!! RT Cancer free for 3 years.
Incredible. Any testing insight - A/B? Control vs. Test? Creative, copy...?
Totally. Or a Passion Pit cover of Rihanna.
& I get all tongue tied, lost in your eyes.
my playlist had a lot of David Gray - New Horizons was a good one.
That just disrespected America.
Queen Elizabeth's panties are now on eBay...now we know where the term "bloody hell" comes from..
TUNE INTO SALEMS LOCAL KMUZ 88.5 FOR MY LIVE RADIO INTERVIEW BOUT THE MIXER I PLACED 3RD IN AND MORE....L's Up!
Anyone have a link to a live feed for the game #mufc. Looks like its on tape delay in my neck of the woods.
I KNOW! maybe it contains... peanuts? nah... that's just silly talk! How are you Gary? ♥ Aoede ♪♫
definitely agree that Marietta street needs bike lanes!
what's wrong girl?
- I know me& my cravings -_-
I'm pulling the evening shift at the labs. I am a L shirt size. Love the Tech Center shirt I got last year!
The Album release party for my project Coloratura will take place Thursday April 26th in the Scottsdale Museum of Modern Art @ 7pm.
we're discussing publics and what/how to organize and impact around knowledge of Islamic world
Oh. Dear. God. I'm swear I'm losing brain cells listening to this chick try and make conversation on this awkward first date.
Forcing Hollywood to Abandon 35mm Film. But the Consequences of Going ://www.laweekly.com/2012-04-12/film-tv/35-mm-film-digital-Hollywood/
Cocoa Beach :)
Welcome to February at Walter's Porsche, we've got deals for you...www.WaltersPorsche.com/specials/service.htm
Thank you for the RT. :)
when will we see you at Shadowland? I hope you can make one of the last 3 shows!
How do you teach gratitude to your children? How are you raising empowered, yet not entitled children??
bad lauren!
i Wouldn't Say Your Stupid, I Mean You Are But I Wouldn't Say It .
DM me an email address that I can send you some info.
If terrorists really want to start having an impact, they should get into cancelling TV shows.
Read between the Lanes. (Bowler talk for Fuck You)
Fellow panda is on America's Got Talent tonight. He Would be.
well.. Let's just say.. It's shit..
I have my wicked pack of cards with me today. Here is the drowned Phoenician sailor . . .
Golden Globes!!!
"Recovery," the new album from Eminem, could not be more aptly named for a music business facing an alarming fall in sales so far this year.
CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Awesome application -pretty addicting -good time waister" by Thomas
Just finished my first "coaches meeting" PK/K soccer. Gonna be good times.
Disco really is dead. RIP Donna Summers. Glad I was able to see you perform in 2007 one last time.
The opera is based on Man-Thing and has sections of text from Astonishing Tales
What's your preference? iPhone or Android?
- I am unclear about your last statement. How does one get involved in their own understanding? Is this really your issue?
Hey good brother! How have you been? Good to hear from you!
So Excited to Watch you guys on ABDC!!((: Hope you have an ICONic Day :)!
Hi guys! Reply what you love about 1D!
At Aria, they showing Floyd fight in their lounge for $50. Guess they priced it right or wrong depending on how u look at it, sold out
What are the benefits of detoxing? For starters, try: * increased energy * weight loss * faster metabolism * better digestion * decreased …
Even better news: is coming to Strathmore in June.
omg that show is dangerous for me to watch! I always wanna go out and get more puppies! Lol
I am surprised. I think it has an off taste. I don't like it! And I drink margarittas all the time!
Had a shot of expresso and now I'm dealing w the after taste.
A win for The Newt is a win for Obama haha
Just waking up and headed into the office. Will be there all day. Had a chill weekend. Think I may do the same with the week.
too hot. need snow.
Miss you more :{)
"Poetry is like a zip file for language" - in
Workin late, booking talent for a shoot tomorrow.
Philippines Still the Hottest Real Estate Market in Southeast Asia. PLC International Marketing Networks – a Manila Condotel Investme...
Interested in being an Intro to Feminisms TA next semester? Email Ellen Friedman at to request an application!!!
Yes. I absolutatively promise :)
followback and MY FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW TOO :)
Everyone should watch Real Steel and In Time. Both real good movies I've seen then like 10 times. 
I know someone that "raps" and I really hope he never asks me what I think about his music cus it's horrible...
big boo big big big big big big big boo
Extra hot sause
um hello stranger
RT : Jeff Hughes of says the build to suit market is "still inefficient,"
Hahah.. just ignored him.. :)) I'm american but I dont live there. U?
The best sound on earth...hearing a child laugh
I smell Bacon! lol
awesome! sad we won't have class together!
Moving my bookcase into the living room makes me wonder why I kept all of these books from grad school.
last night in Portland. Hanging with cousin Ben and his boyz Liam and Camper. SWAAAAEEEET!
thanks for taking photos of
#WhenTheBossIsAway most of the office supplies disappear. scraps is admitting nothing.
That's a heck of a stat. I' m curious where he got it? MT : CM Barron says only 10% of charter grads college ready
me I'm poor due to corporate greed and the GoPs relentless effort to destroy the middle class. #canistillhaveit?
sucks at texting back.
Am I remembering right, that about 20, 25 years ago, Lasix was illegal in NY and couldn't be used in Belmont Stakes?
Dj'ing tonight with - Boston's best Thursday. Be there.
Don't know how well Marty could play without winning. Damn son. Get them in game 2.
oh, really? RT : yea but there's no college fantasy football... ha!
Forreal which one
aw u gettin another one?
nothing, how are you?
I'll post pics of the actual cards as soon as I have them.
no problem again gorgeouss<3 andd awhh thank you so much..mean alot to me:) are you meeting them at the be iconic expirence?
Don't know. Let's just say there wasn't a line to get in.
oh yeah the little one was for real. I was trying to make her seem like great snake hunter!! She did get that one tho.
Amazing - thank you!!
What is it with Greek restaurants and blue decor?
iknow.shittt when don't you work!
that would be nobody !
": I found a butterfly on the ground with no wings. So I poured some redbull on it and BAM...... it drowned e__e"
text me back Holli! you need to come over. d:
Sounds lovely. I mean, the putting on PJs and sewing part. Not so much with the going to a crowded grocery store.
Walking in with faith
Oops! Jeff Bridges on American Masters is NEXT Monday - March 19. We're too excited to wait!
Have a good day hunny! See you when I get home! Don't let a little khaki camel toe bring down your whole day <3
Good morning!!!
