He's grown into his role, even if no one cool wants to admit it. RT : Actually.... good discussion from Shaq.
You on some Island of Dr. Morø ish...
Collusion provides you w a fluid map of tracking cookies. Expand that to people/content!
Good morning! Thank you for that beautiful tweet! Perhaps you'd be interested in our prayer-app? See here www.birdofprayer.org
follow me
But I'm not complaining in the least though!
words that I have to remember everyday!
baha the force is storing with this one.
Visiting my boo with
i get to see my bitches and bambu tonight!!! <3
Business over Bullshit
Anyways.... we was ctfu on tha phone las night
I know anywhere in the uk is'nt there on the list..but #mahomies here would like you to come to the uk one day ,we loveyou<3
Ahha!!!!!!! Just fixed our furnace MYSELF with some of grand dad's tools & a lotta "In the name of JESUS!"
Tired as fuck....do I say fuck too much? Ah, who cares..
Portrait of the American Civil War, Nov. 6th, Hylton PAC, Manassas, VA with Washington Symphonic Brass! AUDITIONS still OPEN, call office.
RT :Hope Lady Gaga's new anti-bully org takes on Bully Limbaugh--he's been demeaning, disrespecting women for too long.
The one song that makes you believe! The one that makes you love! The one song that makes you ROCK!
Thanks. Let's connect tonight. RT : Business networking made simple through Spindows - video speed networking ay Startup Camp
#flapanthers where's the defense and attacking??? Come on boys!!
Nix the guilt. I claim title as world's lamest correspondent. Just fill me in on humanist group when chance arises.
I know it's been a while since you've had a massage from me but I'm still the best therapist in the city call me if u need me
Another perfect day for the food served outside....treat yo self to the nearest street food vendor...PS Mammy has a few mas dios
hey were trying to get in touch with you about the event we booked you for. We would appreciate it if you hit us back today
With my lover at spin waiting to meet
took the midnight train going anywhere!
about what?
Tell him to his face... RT : Seriously Bill Schroeder shut the fuck up...
"Hoe Hall of Fame" is trending. I nominate a forged steel model w a graphite handle purchased at Tractor Supply in '99 & still good as new.
if your legit you shouldn't have to fake it until you make it because you'll be there in the end regardless
teresa…why when you don't wanna talk about stuff you speak Italian? they speak it, we have subtitles & others (like me) know Italian…
Ok i can finally watch it ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Sabotage = what we do when we know what to really do.
Headed to the Southside
Looking for some furniture to populate my new, somewhat sparse apartment.
My bowling sucks donkey ass tonight. :-(
Tracey you need to hurry up. I want to post a Gee already. XD
Is this rain an earthquake?
im going to lay down and pray.... /:
I love this Clippers team but the Griz look too determined to go on to round 2
Now when I look @ the moon, I think abt Newt. I dunno if it's the space program or the bloated face that's unjustifiably pleased w/ itself.
My last tweet was an insider.. *continues to laugh*
Hello! I was wondering how would i go about submitting my tv talk show portfolio?
note to self: in the future, do not buy a house on a large corner lot in a snowbelt state.
Ready for the Magic-Thunder game tonight after dominating and in knockout.
Happy Hump Day! Only two more days until the weekend!! So contact us so we can make sure your ride is ready to be seen!
Vote in November Chris! Just go to the US embassy, its by the coliseo :P
the #ManlyPoppins tag made me literally LOL. It now has an official spot in my lexicon. #ManlyPoppins needs to trend worldwide!
I honestly hate picture day.
I feel miserable :(
UL player Rakeem Buckles has arrived and is having lunch.
Cry me a river, build a bridge and get over it.
Carl said we was gonna lose every game and when we finally lose, he act like he right lmao
2 quarters down...2 more to go. Celtics got it in the bag..i just hope ray allen becomes hot this half
WANTED: Highly qualified Secret Service men and women to work security in protection of the President. Chastity vow required.
dude makes high modernism much more interesting.
Yes! Those are the conversations I love.
If nothing else, I hope so RT : we can agree that The Frey were just really, really terrible, right?
Thanks lovernut! Will see you after the
thank you!
would love to come back to NV, but I'll be in India, which doesn't suck.
Just wanted to say #THANKYOU to our newest business partner, !
If I ever needed confirmation the Catholic Church actively detests women their investigation into the Girl Scouts just gave it to me.
I am just very glad I went to a large school with a national reputation. Granted, I worked there, so extra bias.
my tits only get smaller & smaller, i swur
Any ladies want shoes to wear to cochella?
Something that won't embarrass you when you forget to put it on silent. RT : New phone, new ringtone. What should I choose?
is my future wife, but she don't know yet ;)
is it October yet?! I know u about to come back with your best season
Mr. Cuban, you can stay on that soapbox. Preach brother. I think we do need more evidence linking technology to learning.
then they will yeall at me more
Great job guys!! Enjoyed not having to be stuck infront of the tv!
and what would you like me to put my name on sir!!!
Got new contacts for my girl :)
That and no sparing with The Incredible Boos for his title bout with Rocky the Horrible Cat.
Someone come massage my back D:
Too kind thanks again.....
OMG i got hacked! but its okay now!
#2011icf Audacity in order to change the world for the better is the right kind of audacity
#Automaticfollow for launch coming soon...
When my mom and I walk out of our rooms come to find out, we're matching shirts... haha :)
I'm in love and I don't know what to do
oh and thanks
Everyone go follow !
Don't be sad pumpkin.
Thinking through 'development', production of 'youth', and the body as site of 'change'.
Computers have lots of memory but no imagination. ~ Anon
Forget the kids, whats your wife going to think!
I just uploaded some music to www.soundcloud.com/ jk michael music Check it out and let me know what you think. Thanks
Wtf I cant follow people right now o_O
chris i hope i see u before i leave anaheim!
#everygentneeds a girl with a smile sweeter than Charleston Sweet Tea and as bright as a Georgia Peach
Whoop Whoop! Thank you my #TeamTallandPretty friend. So are you Ms. Alluring and Tall! :)
Hollywood has a funny way of trying to condition us to receive the Antichrist. What is Hancock? A fallen angel who comes to save the world.
was in the building last night tearing it down!!
On tele again talking with Google about Networks in Search, so many great tools in the Adwords Admin panel.
START YOUR DAY OFF RIGHT=SMILE GOD LOVES YOU
Mark Twain: A man's love for his dog may only be eclipsed by a man's love for his cast iron dutch oven. (ok, he really didn't say that)
The DMV is pure torture
Who has kik and/or instagram?
Definitely! That would be great!
A1) I think that a strong mentorship program can be a good alternative to training and it supports performance.
"Wisconsin has led the way. We must support them because it's the right thing to do" -Nancy Whiting, Ashburg VA
Beautiful picture!
love it
Tweet me your show ideas for Dr. Oz
When its the end of the world, who's coincense will you clear?
Today, Federal Appeals Court Hears Arguments in case challenging the UT-Austin Affirmative-Action policy. Ugh.
Question, I’m in a throwback mood. So should I watch House Party or Krush Groove when I get home???
are u gonna pile on OKC when they start losing in the 2nd half? Or do u just pile on the blazers when theyre losing?
hey miss Johnson listen me you'll getting older! Trust me
U.S. stocks were set for a lower open Tuesday: #Markets take a breather from the first-quarter rally & consolidate ahead of earnings season.
alka seltzer my friend the shit works wonders I have stock in it!
stop by IVY LOUNGE when you're done w your food!
Finna text #oomf to make sure he's still alive.! Lol
Just because its not your train, suddenly stopping after rushing will make me jump on your back.
Moms homemade meatballs
Poop and Shower and Shower and Poop and Shower.
If a person doesn't want to be with you anymore, dont ask questions. Just let it go and they'll realize they lost something good.
I love getting new spacers because they're so soft.
lol I'm just nosey, hurry up !
We can install the full English version for 80 $ , reply if interested
Kaka is the first athlete to reach a million followers, what does that say about Twitter's future growth? Focus outside US?
Today: returned something, called state park& fellow bridesmaid, went to the grocery store, went to CVS, cleaned fish bowl. I'm useful!
Whoa-boy I'm having hockey withdrawal.
Think there gunna be a fight..o.o
New #instagram numbers: 27 million registered users...with a staff of 14 people.
Bradenton show went great! Now to repack for a early school show in the morning! I need someone to repack this stuff!
#3 Richie Wess "superman" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
Having a room that smells like cake, when there is no cake. That's a tough situation to be in.
hey luke!
We're launching our Professional Volunteer Engagement Campaign! Tweet #RPLA to get involved!
Sometimes I wonder who has the bigger Beyblade addiction. Me or my 5 year old?
Thanks to all of our advertisers and readers for making 2011 a great year for Barcode Magazine.
!!!! Whasssup! and us r BFF's. She's the bestest! (grammar, not so much) ; )
Your very welcome!!! :D
I mean like I would ditch the stupid whore if I were that guy.
Thanks, always nice to hear! So funny that ones brain/thoughts are the hardest thing about running 26.2 NOT the actual running
I need the ultimate rub down man
When the actual street is cleaner than the sidewalk- you know you're in Chinatown
Have I hit 500k at the line or the end of the bar graph?
Shelvin Marc attack, three point shot before half-time. Go Butler!!!
make that hoe a twitter asap.
Coming home from #Boston! Gosh I love this city. Had a great time filled with dancing, new/old friends, inspiring, talent, and passion! Xoxo
It's Take Your Dog to Work Day! Did your pooch make an appearance at the office? Send us your pics!
ugh class was amazing I love u
Coming Monday deets on a MASSIVE Mother's Day Gift to win for your mom, but you should still get her a card, Moms LOVE THAT MUSHY STUFF!
We finally got our computers! We like them, keep following us to see what we can do with them.
Oregon got the sexiest jerseys ever lol
For Encourage a Young Writer Day, our owners are donating $5 for every occupied room on 4/10 to 25 rooms left to sell out...
Happy Renewal Season!
Our God Is An Awesome God
Heh. Company uses (against our will, long story). It likes to drop calls when I'm...sitting on the couch.
Data services hub will be a shared service provided to the states and exchanges. #MarkLogic is the foundation for this service.
follow and please :D x85
Hittin up our first band practice in a bit & myself.. its going to be interesting..
#avengers RT I'm sincerely and emotionally happy for #JossWhedon today.
had such a good morning and then bam I got hit with a headache from hell. going to lay down.
I can help. I am an interior designer. Place your biggest piece against the longest wall first.Good luck:)
“: When we use persuasive techniques, we have to avoid "dark patterns". - #idea10”
Umm what is this national anthem?
Keep forgetting to say I hope you didn't mix single malt and milk. Get some Clan Macgregor for that shit.
Went back to work and hand is still pretty bad.
Thanks Karen!
omg I'm so freaking stoked I see to my love lol ;)
That moment when u stop to realize uve been MIA from alot of people
AWESOME! Rock on!
Yes, I applied for 3. Digital Media, and 2 Marketing ones. Bummed I didn't hear back but I'm sure they picked a great team
it's reverse biblical, he's the only one who stuck with you.
thank you so much.
“: Just. Wanna. Shop.” Amen sister, amen.
lol I'll be back before you know it!
Shooting a commercial this Saturday for a student project. I'm playing a doctor. This should be interesting...
So I didn't intend to, but I fell asleep at around 7:30 pm last night... longest sleep I've had in a WHILE
All new PICTURES/BLOG/BULLETIN! Check out what's going on! Also, send pics of you in your Deja Vu Tee shirt and I'll post 'em!
Stop agreeing with Simon, his #EgoBandaid is going to fall off!
getting shots at bi-mart
Happy birthday have fun in Vegas you fuck! Love you
Every member in "Big Time Rush" looks like a complete douche.
Austin's moving to Miami? Oh my cousin lives there!!(:
Great Marketing discussion at the CEO Forum with and
And just like that, Joe Biden became the most influential man in Washington this week.
hahaha that's awesome! :)
hope you get invited to their trailer
Well played, sir. Well played.
Just me, but I'll be up here again working.
11/11/11! Come to LiLLiES for our amazing $7 Lunch Special or later on from 5-7 for Happy Hour!
ctfu shut up!!!! When u comin back
Ima wait bout another year til I finish school to have kids. I'm only 22
happy mothers day to your mom!
Progressives like to call public to Martial ardour/ organization, overriding Constitution for "greater good?" Not the Army, BO. We think.
Early bird registration for Annual opens at 9am CST on January 2nd, 2012.
Jk just saw a friend's mom. Everything's back in order 
Happy birthday to my leetle sister <3
Thanks to all who came out tonight at the HaHa Cafe- you guys are awesome!
Someone let "Fix You" play as the losing Little League team walked off field today "When you try your best, but you don't succeed.."BAD CALL
Seriously? Wow.
#ff - an amazing and unique new chamber music festival. see what they're about!
see you tomorrow and rest of class at for lunch and learn!!
I feel like I'm wasting my time. /:
S/O to everybody at the Avengers premiere tonight!!
Humidifier special for twitter followers that cannot be beat! No more static electricity in the home & increased comfort in the home!
1st: espresso. 2nd: 8 mile run as prescribed by If you see a body along Dekalb Ave, please make sure no one steals my shoes.
"What kind of a rapping name is Steve?"
My whole world just fell apart again... /:
21 jump street and #chronicle look amazing!!
I hope someone guesses 1 and he retires today lol
ha ha ha.
Do you have a name for that "je ne sais quoi" that designers bring to their work?
After all that's happened, I'm just glad that both of my parents are home. Mom's still sore but at least she's walking now.
ah haha okay
OLLU SOFTBALL: Kailyn Miller scored a run for the Saints, and they know trail 2-4 in 4th inning.
he's dead.
Should any company anywhere be giving their CEO an $8.7mil exit bonus?
- downloaded it, cannot get it to work
Not to mention everything by Steve Martin.
nobody asked for your input lauren -_- you just made things mad #awkward. thhaaankkkss. ahahaahaahahahahahahaha
Thanks for the shout out chicas! :)
Ruby's Spa special! Go to the link, print out the page, bring to your appt for 15% off the Black Rabbit Body Polish, some restrictions apply
Why are some people still opposed to ebooks? They’re the same people that wouldn’t let women vote, because it would “disturb” things.
many of my friends got their freshman 15. I got my freshman -10
email me at jordynntaylor :)
Agreed! Makes the drafter look bad. I second the "benched" idea ()
Halloween Google Doodles Through the Years
Thank you to all who follow. Change CA'S fam/law system is crucial. The corruptness between players has to end. Children's voices..heard
"The act of writing is a kind of dislabor and translation. Eileen Myles
How about amusing? Surprised Moyer upset, not sure why Chipper went off. RT : Your thoughts on the Jones/Moyer thing?
Played MC Hunger Games for like 4 hours straight with Now, time to work on my site for a bit, then sleep.
it's shaping up to be your typical night here at equinox, who knows
Just had chicken tikka masala and tandoori with Stan. Now I'm off to walk my dog. Or more accurately, my dog is off to walk me.
The Mambo dance scene is really small. Be careful. Do not build a bad reputation; it will spread like wildfire.
ok when do you want to do this awsome party xD lol
These are what games 7s are all about.
biopsychosocial approach to problem behavior... The perfect storm. It's overwhelming at times. Then add faulty systems.. Ugh
yeah comments like that make me think as broken as things are it could be MUCH worse
People living deeply have no fear of death.
Nibbles is awesome
Let's go Marquette!
": Yeaa Sowwy , Celibate Till I Get Married , Imma Good Girl =)"lol more girls need to be. Yea I can digg it tho
Perfect. When you back in LA? I'm there tonight- Thurs morn, playing the Troubadour Tues night...
thanks bro
Oh can you make a #O.D.B oak aged dirty bastard #please oh
I don't disagree with you Andrew but I will say that #cloud technology does have it's place in Healthcare. IT. Balance is the key.
It was lovely meeting you last night Lady ! Apologies for the creep-tastic approach. See you 'round Decibel time maybe?
Here at g bar?
Time for breakfast down the street
I'm pretty sure I can make a miniature you with all your hair that's around the gym -_-
yum pizza
my boss' favorite holiday is Halloween. Let the festivities begin! Have any great ideas for costumes? I need one...
They say youu got a new chick. "haha" I just laugh it off, cause youur not even my boyfriend, nope never were.
Sometimes I wish my mom would ground me from the internet...
no doubt
logan i miss you
I haven't decided if I want to yet? Still on the fence. I see 64GB wifi ones going for $500 on eBay and $600 from Apple.
Good Golly NickJonas has a SUPER thick head of hair ... watching
Hi Mike! Share your expertise on sales effctns w/sales profs in a TwitterChat today at 2:45pmEST via #SalesSuccess Hope 2 C U!
so, goodnight everybody. hope everybody sleeps well & has a good day tomorrow.
Nighty night people =)
Last final today, wish me luck!! Can't wait to be home! :)
Dope goal
Possible solution to corpus of copyrighted material - behind a firewall + easy to get password
Biggest SAP ever right now. #killme?
Good Morning frnds..have a nice weekend!!!
I can't believe I fell asleep & missed the fight. smdh
Good bike ride... Off on the trails today
I'm stuck on baby names tho
Say you want to buy a bomber for your dad for Father's Day. What are you getting him? Specify if he's a beer geek, intermediate or novice.
queer brown female is not what you want to be when stopped by the police
about to start packing up to catch this flight #denvermarch bound
Purdue Students and Alumni, get ready for coming this Spring! Thursday after Spring Break!
catan tourney, huge nerd-fest
AAWWWW YOUR FIRST TWEET FROM YOUR IPHONE =')
great picks, Marco!
Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays, and Happy New Years to everyone. Be safe, be merry, and ejoy this time of year with all of your friends an…
AKs into morons AA for almost all my chips
You're welcome, Sarah! Nice article...just don't tell my two cats what I said about wanting a dog. ;)
DON'T MAKE ME STOP THIS BANDWIDTH! I'VE BEEN TCP/IPING BEFORE YOU COULD EVEN PEE IN THE TOILET!
Enjoy kayaking buy one get ones with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Omg this kid scares me
Do they still have Myspace?
gonna watch it tomorrow
And times like these I wish I was with my mom
#Avengers movie was very cool, though as my grandmother would have said, "It's a little far-fetched." Loved it!
Ladies please do not get any religious tats on ur lower back thats just wrong in so many ways loll
: can I come over and play too? I'm pottytrained and mom will give me food
might as well leave it packed.
ISIC – Enjoy 11% off Flights for Cardholders
Now here's where we differ - we think YOU'RE the best thing ever, Halie. Yes? Agree to disagree.
Sean said I only love him cause he looks like yogurt. -.- wtf
How is everyone doing?! We love our followers! Help get us more :) Mention on a music monday post :) thank you! Band practice tonight!
By your argument the year after Cam Newton left Auburn should have been #1 again. That's ridiculous assumption to make.
Good luck getting out! ;-) You have survived #Coachella2012!
"She should be on television. She's TV-ready."–, talking about , par for the course for us on a Friday night.
I hope the video of her in bckgrnd on E! resurfaces. Beyond hysterical.
": The L Word Star Leisha Hailey Booted Off Southwest Flight for...Kissing Her Girlfriend?! BO! I LUV LEISHA!
I am back for sure now :D
There is someone for everyone, just you wait and see :) 😊✨🌟
I like to bring a woman to a strip club on the first date. If she doesn't get offended then I know she's good for a second.
Just finished watching Castle s02e13. Even though I had already seen it, I had a big knot in my throat during the ending.
But you can put the icon in the left, right, top, bottom, OR middle! What more do you need?! ;)
That guy does a lot of crack that's why his nose looks like that.
Oi Charlotte Brady and Tom O' Gorman, stop eating M&Ms!
any tip for three putting and how to get the first putt closer?
Nice looking but better were the glass curved.
We're loving our new home in -- we hope you agree when you come visit!
March = PDX :hint hint:
1st 29 people for lunch today get a FREE COOKIE TIN!! Happy LEAP DAY!
Man you're still a handsome devil--love your Twitter pic! And such great hair. #thinning&jealous
so don't you fumble, just be humble.
It was my pleasure Eric, I look forward to the #aecsm chats!
Apparently transporting coffee into the airport creates a 50 cent surcharge, judging by the price.
Sounds fantastic!
Stayed at the school all day today !!! tired !
Happy Birthday!!!
Coffee at Bennu with Jamie. I am the only non UT person here. Frantic finals cramming all around me.
I can't even watch this selection show I'm so upset. UK just isn't good. Probably lose first round
New glasses coming today from #warbyparker!
#onlyatSU does a virtual high school unknown show up on campus and get a radio show. (Go, Pookie! Can I still call you that?)
explain the whole truth.
Folks if 11 men played their asses off to this result, then yes, fire the manager. Until then stop giving the players a pass.
good night!
#WorldVision reaching out to nearly 750k thru food programming in Kenya/Ethiopia/Somalia/Tanzania www.WorldVisionHornOfAfrica.blogspot.com
I just told my mom that tweeted/RTd me today! ^.^
I'm a loser baby, so why don't you kill me
thanks Sabrina! We are planning on raising money for Johns Hopkins Hospital where I was born.
Any current office suites or co-working tenants in competing spaces in Manhattan can receive massive discounts, just bring your license ag
We didn't get rain either!
I usually ask what they do to keep up with new developments in the field.
In other words,
What can possibly be better than spending all day and night with my dude tomorrow yayayya.
To know the road ahead, ask those coming back. -- Chinese Proverb
I was just handed $60 for tomorrow
How was the game?? I'm thinking about getting it.
Would a lion cheat? No, but Tiger Wood
It was good having you all ! Hopefully I'll see you again soon! Cheers!
Congratulations to LGBT Bar member Bill Singer who recently accepted the ACLU's 2012 Bill of Rights Award!
I'm going to start referring to my friends, family & co-workers as *name* kitteh. Ex: Jenn Kitteh or Megan Kitteh. Lame? Well, no shit! =P
Enjoyed chatting with you! :) Have a great night and I hope you feel 100% soon.
thinkin about coppin a new phone might give my iphone away if i do
have a heart and stop the delusion. It's only going to hurt that much more on the 11th.
Your a winner....do you really put those on pizza? LOL, just wondering. Send me a DM so I can get your card to you!
I like the name. Except it should be spelled with a "K" :)
Enjoyed being on this morning!
Who's winning tonight?
Old RT : Why am I in bed already
i love u so much have a greatday(:
How's about a little coin for our coffers? Help support #indiefilm indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
OMG D: one question who'd you go see:o
Who tryna bring an ol bitch a 40oz and 5 swisher sweets...
What is going on with justin and selena??? someone plz fill me in!
how the f did I forget him?
(belatedly) Thx, Wendy!
Damn this dude got played bad
When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher cause I still turn to you
Thanks for the follow back, so you did not get the chance to #TrueBlood? Still treating you like a baby huh?
"Fashion" takes a while to get to St. Loo...
"The taste of beauty, and the relish of what is decent, just, and amiable, perfects the character of the gentleman." -Earl of Shaftesbury
PLEASE FOLLOW ME..you are AMAZING, you have such a unique voice, I cried watching your elimination and I just wish you won ♥
Well that makes me feel good! :) Nice to "meet" you--love your website. We should connect for coffee!
who else could it have been?
If you have a penis ....your sketchy
I love it! Let's make our own!!
winn or holly?
6. I WAS A MUSIC/THEATER MAJOR IN HS.
Time for ice cream 😁🍦
I can teach you how to Stafford but be warned it puts the dougie to shame
if i want it i'm gon get it & if i can't get it obviously i don't need it!
like iwont pull up in that truck.
i think pure life water taste like shit!!!
Adam and eve not Adam and Steve!!! -Matthew Moore(:
Same to you my man.
Aww I love that so much!! Most "horse" friends defriend me, too many sports updates lol. Glad to have a fellow horse & sport fan!
His tour getting cancelled is his bad karma for doing a country album.
This is true :)
The taxpayers can't wait another 1,113 days for a budget. We need the immediate accountability my Restore America plan delivers.
Retweet/Subscribe to rHennessTV on youtube, and ill show you how to change your font color on your tweets!
Big thank you to everyone who supported Poshcupcakez this weekend! I am so appreciative! <3 <3 <3
You are shy and lacking confidence. Dr. Beau prescribes "Grow-A-Pair"/50mg and "Play-It-Cool"/100mg. Come back in two weeks
hey buddy. Are you busy?
Walking the dog & a cop stopped me to ask if I'd heard gunshots in the last 5 mins. What if I, in my Cole Haans, had been the gunshooter?
i wish we never got roped up in being selfish, people need to love each other.
when does the tweeting actually begin?
omg what she have on. SHE RATCHET !!!!!!!!
En route to Chicago to O'Conner Casting again for another audition.....
My hair is just.... ew. I HATE IT
hm... i wonder when is gonna be creepin again? ;p ha
Little known fact: heels help in bowling! ;-) RT‏ If you wear spiked heels to Southport Lanes , take it down a notch.
just remember Man U did not win it Man City is losing it as they scoooooreee let's go City one more. And more time.
A lot of the times scoring chances don't reflect the results of game. Unfortunately for #SJSharks, last night they did.
Good morning JU! I hope you all have a delightful week!
happy birthday doll! I hope it's a glorious one!
Seriously can't believe that it's been a year since I finished my program.
#librarians, do you know of any free online event registration tools that I could use for patrons to sign up for computer classes?
Thanks, Jennifer! Break a leg with the whole run of "Strike!"
follow me beautiful
I'm so mad at him right now :D!
are you coming to the SA debate this Friday?
love and miss u! Sunday don't forget!
wish you were coming! <3333
: and I have discussed doing some videos at some point. That would be awesome.
Woo!! Nice win X!
Attorney General JB Van Hollen takes GOP stage to the tune of Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Simple Kind of Man."
One heck of a way to end the year, so proud of my girls though..sad how much refs can control a game.
#matisyahu performing live Chicago.
dannnks so much i love you babe xoxoxo 
thank you
Mike McQueary, still coaching on Saturday.
They say the Lord works in mysterious ways. If I were God I wouldn't work at all!
will do Rachel! Have so much fun!!
happy birthday!!!!!
Attention all females..how many of you wear blouses???
I've got another post-able project coming up soon--stay tuned!
I just used a hammer to plant a hydrangea.
Right on brother!!! :)
I absolutely love that song :)
Sixers and Pacers arent legit title contenders. The Celtics age will catch up especially if its against the Thunder. And the Heat lost Bosh.
Yep. and a certification course from Ass-Kickin' Academy.
Are you guys dressing up as eachother's characters from Victorious? :D
please follow me!! I Love You to death i listen to #PutYourHeartsUp everyday
I don't want to start with this again the thing I am in
RT : The quickest way for a parent to get a child's attention is to sit down and look comfortable. (Lane Olinghouse)
more than just another social network because we really bring our site to life! Check us out, VAcoeds.com
that's deep
Off to New Orleans for the defending champs! Bring yourselves to Bourbon. Cheers to you losing there!
Type It, Click It, it's all about Computers and the WWW in this weeks Sound Design, up now on #productionvault!
Ouch, alright then.
Why did you bundle this with Live login? It takes like 10 minutes to login to Live.com these days!
Cru De Gra line ups are now on our blog.
OMG I'M SO EXCITED, IT'S SNOWING OUT!!!!!! :)
Check out the Robart-Larson Group page on Facebook
STOP WATCH LEARN EMULATE INNOVATE REPEAT
I love your new profile picture :D
yea :( no phone, can only be on the computer until 8:30 :(
Interesting article Mo'.
Bummed I can't live tweet the debate like so many other awesome people. Stupid "employment".
Which #London2012 events are you looking forward to watching? 100m sprint? 4x400m relay? Marathon? Cycling road race or track?
Delivering an effective grassroots message at AFP: the private sector funds R&D at universities. Federal grants has been a "narcotic"
I want to follow me but its never going to happen :( i give up
Wish i knew if he liked me!!!! Ugh so complicated!
doesnt make us bad, just human. no one is perfect. <3
Hahaha he said you need to STOP ! he deosnt know what he is doing & find this tweet lol
If that shit really happened , all hell gone break loose .
Thanks everyone who attended my #fitcto talk this morning. You guys were great!
Is too much ambition a bad thing?
i can't take that stuff. i have to clean my at the end of the day!
I'm soaked, the bus stop is full and I can't get cover, I want to go home and I'm not feeling sympathetic to protesters right now.
Regional food bank putting emphasis on fresh goods
this time i know you r stupid just like dem other hoes
Thursday works for me.
🔥💋🔥 ! RT : #Leo's are so hot they turn themselves on.
Ok....I'm not the best...just sayin
raw pork?! Ewwwww.
So i've been looking for a job for a bit now and I go on my facebook page and it says I work at "Taylor gang & Paper Planes. TF!!!
i still want chipotle
"Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for...
Michael Douglas walked his daughter Carys 20 blocks to school yesterday. It seemed like a major feat given his condition. Carys loved it
Welcome! RT Listening to give a talk! Then going to bring him to #NNECruise #SFIMA White Hot on the Yacht!
thanks! (: & sure no problem!
thank you! :)
I think twins of Tom Selleck joined our band for Mustache March. Get ready
You know it's a sign when the cleaning staff make it up to the 3rd floor.
I just found out they're making a Justin Bieber doll. I weep for the future.
RT Putting baby to sleep to Suicidal Tendencies not as likely to doom him to therapy as my reading him literary criticism.
Highway To Hell by AC/DC #nowplaying y de pronto me llego un flashback de la parte trasera de un Maverick .... Good Old Times
I've never wanted a working week to end as much as i want this one to
Definitely Pittsford to start, and we'll keep everyone updated with newer stores when they start carrying it
Society has told me its not acceptable to drink in the morning.
followback,is Sexy related to The Office
hope i can go to Dallas on turkey day!!
i'm trynna do stripes on my nails but failing so
got me waiting - fantasia
my first #mmchat! Some great, pithy insights from your followers that I will take back to . Thanks!
Can someone name a show that gets 200 million views an episode? Super Bowl got 117 million.
I cheer for the winning team.. smiles NYKnicks
thanks very much auntie love ya
Right back at you, Steve. Thanks for the great presentations!
God I hope can play next weekend! The eagles aren't the same without him!
I'm about to travel a 1,000 miles just to see u at a trampoline park.
: Thanks for your question! It's great to actually have conversations with opera-lovers! Check out the blog for more this week
#remember way back wen
Swedish meatballs in Ballard w
I am a boy and I will do this for you just because I love you :]
I thought we were using #aamemp? gah! so many hashtags! =)
I'm very grateful to all of our loyal customers-both returning and new-for helping us succeed over the years to receive this award.
yeah I think a lot get written at MICA, interesting you've had the same thought, might be a fun project
Had a great time playing the Pirates v Padres game yesterday. Thought playing Freebird would guarantee us a win. Boo.
Thank you darling daughters and for the lovely anniversary wishes. You are both wonderful daughters!
aww thanks girl:) but seriouslt your name is gorgeous! no I don't I have a twitter and Facebook :/
. A good one for As for missiles, I'd rather do without them. The story raises a good pt about lightning strikes!
Sleeping on sunshine
Highlight of my night: the City Council meeting featured free cookies.
ok then
Looking for a great book for a 6 year old. Past the simple picture books, just getting into short chapters. Any suggestions?
Like money in a slot machine
"Whatever happens, conduct yourselves in a manner worthy of the gospel of Christ" Philipians 1:27 Whatever happens......
Problems on mill ave
sounds like you're in riverwest
Nothing I hate more than ex Red Sox talking TRASH!
is backing Does the move help, or hinder?
When our relatives are at home, we have to think of all their good points or it would be impossible to endure them. ~George Bernard Shaw
NOT ME.
#elderlaw, fixed annuities safe and good return as long as you don't withdraw beyond free annual withdraw limit. SOFA
hey sexy peek-a-boo avi
Wait, what? Trivia practice? Yes yes, ya'all.
haha wants to see it RT Last night I watched the dirtiest porn I've ever watched
Great workout today! Feeling sore muscles already!
Okay, still on it- people who stay on the phone for 2 HRS in a coffee shop need to just get an office! It's the same guy! NO MANNERS!
Colville comment to Christopher Soames was 1952. He also said that Anthony Eden was violent against Soames who was Churchill's son-in-law.
Older & wiser by choice!
It's been one of those weeks where I just do not feel like being social. Everyones allowed one of those, right?
We goin bowling out Monroeville... Meet us there!
jv or varsity? :)
Placing all my trust in The Lord to change things which I can not. It's in His hands!
"How should you prioritize which social channels to focus on?" Drink a lot of coffee and keep you eyes on Tweetdeck.
Hope to see you soon! RT : Have not been in to visit in a LONG time. Need to correct that soon!
well done #KateBush! Love her!
Thank me later. Lol
it was kinda hot. I love when people get after the refs.
make sure that if you with someone they are making the best come out of you and not the worst..... u can do bad by yourself
dusty, cheesy fingers. a triumphant sign of successful snacking.
Im really tired n I dont feel qudd.!
he plays orioles this weekend. He'll put up 4 hrs in 3 games
do it!!! You'll LOVE it. I have that one except it's 35 instead of 55.
The vending machine at work takes Sacagawea coins!
Feeling decent now
Playing a show in Cypress on Saturday at 6:15. $5 at the door. It is a house show so respect the house owner, their house, and the rules.
Back in London, ON, and covered in cat hair. Good times.
12 am trip to mcdonalds prob not the best idea
Creep much?
RETWEET if you're wearing flowers in your hair today!
Awww. Hope all is well!
lmao is all telling me to hurry and i'm like whatevs, but the second she says cool math games im like oh shit! (x
It feels good to be mixing a lot more rock lately. The project today is Nirvana/Muse and everywhere in between. Big drums FTW!
ugh. my son sleeps so fucking wild!
I love when math class turns into history class
i do
Writing an encyclopedia article on the #ChristianRight. Any followers have suggestions for further reading?
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Lost items, comments leave here Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality.
Earn our business. Drop Rush
Please join us for a scholar presentation at noon by Deanna Gallagher on: “Using Historic New England Maps to Teach Argumentative Writing.”
That awkward moment when you look in the mirror while crying and you just start crying more.
I'm trying to watch a trailor. Damn slow internet!
That groggy feeling when you wake up from a drug induced sleep. <3
Only 10 to go...help us get to 1000 fans/followers today....for the love of pizza and beer.
Finally encoding #ExtremeReunion 4/28 video download. the video will speak loudly! Hate now, like later. 6/30 Philly we return! Gonna b big
idk yet how much are the rooms?
Omw to school
51 degrees right now. It will be a cold night at #Fenway with , Scopian and Big Bear.
We can pretend that things don't bother us, but we all know that even the smallest thing could make us fall apart.
People better remember my name....#bestunsignedtrapper image make it just watch....
I know! That's exactly what I thought!
Too bad really, b/c I really want to like the show. Maybe the last episode will be good. A singing soap up to this point.
#realtalk was the first cat I know to spin in LongBeach!
for Zvi Band, anything
Think in color and you will never be disappointed
thank you, more UI changes coming up to make it even more user friendly. Let us know if there's anything we can help with
The digital ad space continues to morph. The evolution of the consumer data ecosystem will be the key to the future of online ad tech.
Think it's on alternate channel 1310 if not on 1309!
so a person has 2 get off they r sic & u r pissed off about that
Wow! Its going to crazy. I love it!! Thx for the flier.
just hanging out, everyone is asleep thought I would check in
All right Mt. San Antonio College, put on some coffee, I'm on my way.
GB is priceless, will never be sold RT Dodgers are worth $2 billion, wonder what a NFL franchise would sell for these days
I'm shocked they called it. About time.
its supposed too be way better but I never really noticed a difference
I predict future happiness 4 Americans if they can prevent govt from wasting the labors of people under pretense of taking care of them. TJ
You are the soul of sweetness! Now I don't have to miss you anymore, and briefly, to boot!
after I re-follow all the people I'm following now it might take a while ~>.<
#Motivated to be happy. Life is too short. I'll be on a plane in Nov. Carrying a bag on my back and to destination nowhere
That's rough... maybe you should get that fixed before you get a ticket :)
she was not full figured she was old and saggy big difference.
um okay:)
AND THERE'S ANOTHER LITTLE JUNIOR BABY SON OF A BITCH DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF ME? Lord Jesus Christ, I need your help.
Thanks to cohort love and , I can now officially rock my global scholar hat. Today was an awesome day of conference acceptance.
Missing someone + No texts from them = Worst feeling.
Dark Knight, thanks for following!
There's always an exception! But goes to show that even engineers have something left to learn
I hate when people say they'll stop watching iCarly if Sam And Freddie break up. -.-
love free skating and hanging out with
. Madison, WI for the right value of "small"
OK. Hawks are OVER the limit. If the C's don't attack the hoop now......
I saw that you're working on your (512)creative logo. Keep me in mind if you want any help.
Waterous: It would set a dangerous precedent & open the door to add'l cost-shifting of fee for service funding to other students
Hello Dreams, Bye Tweeps! XO
Fantastic time at #RolexArts Mentor/Protege event yesterday! Thx to Greg Spears & Tracy K. Smith for the beautiful song!
when you write a post on facebook. click on like as well. Helps increase your position on facebook to get noticed more often.
this disappoints me :\
#ff Some projects I've been working on: , , & podcast w/ ,
Its nor you its me... Naaaaaawww its you Ha! tampon commercials are getting funny!
Pretty pumped that I will be at the bruins game tonight and to top it off I will be on the capitals bench to see them bitch after!!
Outside ftw!
Good btc's get rewarded freak hoe's get fuck !
casting Ocean City commercial tomorrow in OC & Rehobeth - all types. If interested in auditioning email picture to
VERBALLY ASK YOUR SELF AM I A SLAVE TO THE media
Soo ive decided ill be corgel with eric marshall since he said sorry
ZICO Team is at the Santa Monica YMCA handing out bottles!!!
Sure I like cock, but just because you ARE a cock doesn't mean you have one
Dead sea soap for free with any 20 pound dead sea salt purchase: Starts soon. Very limited quantities. Check back for more details.
. loves the Marshmallow milkshake from ' Good Stuff Eatery. votes for Bobbys - you?
I don't get it
And how do all those women cook w/ their hair down on these cooking shows? If i did that, you'd get hair soup...
you guys on should go on or vice versa it would be cool
Come on, just let me skip to the freaking test already!
I wish i could go but i have softball games starting at 6:30, next time! And you try for not Thursdays all the time.
Information Fair at new Faculty Orientation on Monday July 11. All Faculty are invited to attend.
Having a leisurely last breakfast in Trinidad.... I'll get there when I get there
You are the only real obstacle in your path to a fulfilling life. -Les Brown
lol i plan on getting wasted so no matter what ill be having an awesome time hahaha
lol ! Do you know how much they really cost ?
I bought a new glass pipe. All I wanna do is use it n go eat free samples at whole foods.
oh please!! At least when need my Colombian passport I get it the same day hahha the US passport takes weeks!
G12 Globalization Students: Grades are updated, please check email!
Super happy. I have tthe best fans ever! Keep sending in fan mail! Replied to Atleast 100 :-) love you
It's Wednesday. Almost everyone is wearing jeans.
lol really? Thanks
Bulgaria. And you?
Any snowboarders or skiers excited for winter and ready to get out on the slopes?
Don't understand why the info-hoarders expect everyone else to be info-sharers.
you have a rental cuz its a lil ways away tho..
it was Epic. Beyond epic. Hahahah<333
Texas ML and the Over in that game look very favorable
Daam its hot!!
aghh way too much fun! So happy I got to see you (:
So this nigga can dunk on everybody but flop when on the ground ok Blake your cool
Getting pumped up for a 9AM gig with some tuneage.
Kalsu was one of the toughest WODs we have ever done at SinCity #crossfit. James was the only one to complete it with full weight!
No Derby hat?
Anytime :D
its a great two months...except when all your friends are out.
Are you having trouble downloading any songs? We want to know! Email us at
Hands up for a game of cod 6
'' YES!. I Love you cuttie c:
senior prank at local high school on news... they put all the tables and chairs on the roof overnight... no idea how they pulled it off LOL
I mean, idc .. I was just asking
sounds great! Send me an email:
omg temple run is so addicting!! its like the new angry birds:) loll
#FNO has officially began! Free Shipping between 6pm eastern to 11pm pacific! HAPPY SHOPPING! www.eyecandyfashion.net
Happy Birthday!(:
I cant wait for the Bulls Knicks game next month. My two favorite teams >.<
Your Favorite Promoter, Shocka Shock
Happy birthday ! Wish you many more to come #cenation all day
Fuck you mother nature.
thanks for the follow :) have you checked out our music yet? :)
yet americans watch 5 hrs of video each day, 98% of it on a traditional TV set (nielsen)
happy birthday !
False. Tied for the lead. Knoll has League who got a save yesterday. Standings are messed up.
No, but we are now.
The irony that it rhymes lol.
Regular ones or ones designed for filming?
Long day, but how will it end? Let's find out
#limbaugh I love the people who cry for 1st amendment freedoms until it's something that offends them. Suck it Maher, Olbermann, Matthews
moving frm my past nd headed to future #DONTWANNATALK we are thru
haha! No worries! We keep messing up too cause we have Zeke and her. He, she, he, she. Ha!
LOVE that. Know where she got it?
You just have to listen to the play and it will tell you what it wants to be.
Tomorrow at 2pm there is a free symphony concert in Dolores Park in SF. A great way to experience the symphony-and you can't beat the price!
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
Sentence found inside a Ross changing room: “He liked to wait until it was very quiet, and then the belt would come off.” Claim w/receipt.
did you already follow people :(
though who you calling scuzzy? These dudes are stylin!
with that being said, my 1year old is a cry baby
Congrats to Anna Paquin and Stephen Moyer! :)
Where will you be shopping for your spring wardrobe? Any suggestions for new cute styles this season?
I also want to play the ancient game of mancala
I bet can help!! : #Beer. Looking for a list of beer festivals in Milwaukee and nearby this summer. Can you help?
wait, is the aged bottle?
what time are y'all open till during the week?
RT : great to see so many folks here at #gtra! Wish you could have made it!
working on silkscreen t-shirts and embroidered golf shirts.
#howrace How is even more relevant for b2c companies!
Tom Hamilton legitimately sounded like he wanted to get naked and run the bases with Lopez on that homer.
- Thanks! Our Baltimore operation isn't up yet, but we're working out of Cherry Hill Elementary, starting 1/9/12
word. I'll probably be down there.
I'm so excited for my date tomorrow. \(^.^)/
You're too good to me... (and the galaxy.)
JUSTIN PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! I have been trying for 3 years!!
I feel bad for bald guys who drive convertibles. It can't be fun being divorced and going through a midlife crisis.
" great minds break alike" follow us ... big show tomorrow!!
awwwweh thank you.
that's what I'm saying..no one will be able to replace my love for Jordan haha!
yeah that's how it is here. my road is bad.
When's it gonna be my turn?
Still Accepting attendees, sponsors, and exhibitors for Public Funds conference, June 21, Contact if interested.
BIG SEAN WAS DOPE TWITCHES
Hmm I have no tattoos but I find tattoo culture interesting -- anyone have an intriguing tat tale?
hahah I know, right?? Be sure to expect a good morning text bright and early! (:
Respect the grind.
Some days you break the rules and it's all for the better :)
Thats cool and I will do that :P <3
Thanks for all the great tweets! Sad we didn't get to chat in person!
Its still raining...good
May God hold you & keep you
We have passed this information on to our sales outlet liaison who will contact those locations. Thank you.
added some new pics to my gallery- check it out- subtle looks for ladies who requested no eyeliner- it was tricky but i think i did ok ;)
way too harsh for Vilma, That's ridiculous
s/o to some of my followers showin love today!
come kidnap me and ill join you : )
if 3 star players on 1Team was all it took to win a championship, Heat would've been champs last year
I'll hit you up :)
My phone is so stupid
"BITCH HE GOTTA GUN TURN AROUND!"
Holy crap, it smells like cake in here.
business decision but I mean shit, it was MONTHS for an injury that usually takes WEEKS.
That's good.
“: fine, and how about for you?”GREAT
Hi What are you up to now? Still by any chance?
as in me n cams favorite movie of all time #SUPERSTAR???
follow back
I feel so accomplished... I read "I gotta dig bick." correctly... Y'ALL NIGGAS AIN'T SHIT!
never been to the Dakota's...do you recommend a visit?
I'm so tired... That I'm not tired
Thanks so much! How are you mama?
So, what's their rotation look like now?
The way someone ignores your text your face is like -______________-
Don't bunt. Aim out of the ballpark. David Ogilvy
I know, right? XD
Why do men name their penises? Because they want to be on a first name basis with the person who makes all their decisions.
Melissa, It gave me goosebumps and I cried when she said " Hi Dad" Made me hopeful that my mom is still with me watching over us
Most women eat for two when they are pregnant. I say, "Why wait?". One life. One stomach. Go!
No Problem! RT : Thanks for the follow; hope you check out PTS Houston events, 124 teams this weekend.
Wtf is up with the #RANGERS lately?...they better snap out of it
I hope whoever wins the game tonight kicks Butler's butts!
just did...
What would you do if you found Austin in your room?? ;)
Sinful Colors is $1.99 & sometimes u can get it on sale for .99. I've been tempted by the cool colors & PRICE but leery of .99 polish.
You're beautiful, but you don't know it, that's why you're beautiful, because you're Shrek's wife.
“: Pretty much delighted that I've sparked a trend of hollering "Kaahhhhhnnn!" at top of your lungs from stage of
got your "George" question. It is indeed Harry in the US edition.
Correcting my stupid me...
Guess what
is approaching one-thousand followers! Follow us today!
Finally gave in to a twitter. Why did i do such a stupid thing?
Do you have a volunteer signup link?
Feel better!
game still aint over
1/2 price bread day every Tuesday at the Bakehouse! And make plans now for VIP night at the Scholars Inn--appetizers 1/2 price for VIPs.
haha how did you come across me?
i miss talking to the people i used to on twitter. #feeling invisible </3
Long live Vladimir
Scammers posing as government-linked refinancing programs
100 years ago today Titanic sunk...
Wow am I late to the game on Of Monsters and Men? These guys are great.
i seek to be a pillar of the community on the issue, much like Lot's wife.
Baby, where'd you get that body from? Tell me where'd you get that body from? I GOT IT FROM MY MOMMA.
A White Girl is gonna get Some Black Thunder from tonight!
Do you think cab drivers are actually on the phone or just tryin to act cool
Pretty sure I read it the same way you did.
Bus.Rides=Bomb.<3
which of course u needed to do in order to climb out of the water.... which i did lol woke up i know i know lol
When I was in college :/
Don't forget about our awesome drink specials-$4 Negro Modelo, $5 shots of Patron...won't last long! Nicnos playing tonight-see ya'll there!
Out with the big bro .. Haven't seen'em in a while... Might have to go all out tonight..
Thanks for the tweet!
you should see how much candy i'm bringing for our room (;
“: Who else gets really annoyed when someone leaves your room, without closing the door?”. This just happed a min ago to me
Newcastle guaranteed at least 5th spot after Chelsea get walloped 4-1 by Liverpool!! Dreamland! :-D!
A quick correction for Video Games Live - it is at 2 pm & 8 pm on April 7, not 7pm!!
I know! Who's your favorite? June 10th needs to teleport to yesterday's position on the calendar.
thanks for the follow, also! Happy Tuesday!
: congrats! Are you commuting, going online, part-time or going away 2 stay there for a long time? I lived there 2 yrs;good times
ha I was wondering why my Twitter just blew up... Thanks, Tab!
love is like a rubberband, held at both ends by two people, when one leaves it hurts the other
uh... it is raining. A lot.
In the mood for candy. Just my luck no pedos around trying to lure me in their rape van with candy.
24 But through dedication to God, Enoch was not found to dwell in matter, for he reached at-one-ment with everlasting Life, God^.
Hola, Ya'all! HAMM Day, ATX! Get out & support & we hope to C U @ The Star Bar on 6th / 7-9...
pshh no!! i like Harry AND Louis.. duhh!
We may have lost to #UVA on Saturday, but got the bigger win with former Robert Gates as the next chancellor. Go Tribe!
ha I've never listed 2 any of his songs, personally I don't like the boy.
thanks for the RT
haha I'm looking in the cities
like me at Abercrombie. I wonder how there aren't lawsuits filed every single day.
Friday is just around the corner...can ya feel it? Them Sonsabitches, Drag Me Under and The Swamp Donkey at Biggest Little City Club.
interesting that Dalton won the counties east of 95.
TWEET ME WHY YOU GUYS LOVE BELLA THORNE AND IT WILL BE FEATURED IN MY NEW VIDEO FOR BELLA :) (ill DM her and tweet her the video )
Thank you for the follow! I am proud to be a WorldVision child sponsor! I look forward to continuing supporting the cause.
amen sister. I musta gobbled down at least four of these bites of sex
We're going to try and tempt you one more time. 15-cent sangria at Paesanos Midtown. All. Day. Long.
most excellent. thank you!! Pleasure to meet you :)
Why else would you meet in the union?
Snickers and Frappes (:
When our pets are well, we are happier in our world. Supplements and real, healthy, home made food is the foundation of all life.
And that's without even moving the mouse from the search box (so no hovering shenanigans)
<3 i heart you .
One more follower to 70! Help me get there.
Can't wait!!!
Everyone on the Metro train looks soggy.
hahah I know EXACTLY what you mean. Trust me, I'm escaping everyone
RT : That awkward moment when the guy who discovered milk has to explain what he was doing to the cow.
oh, lemon marmalade? I love this idea.
Africa suffers -- because it is a very bad place to do business. Fix that. How? Outlaw Cell Phones and Diamonds??? Comical :D
RT: Eek! ...too many emails from Fox Restaurant Concepts today. 1 emcompassing all would suffice! >> TRUE STORY!
Glad you will make it to the party! See you on opening day!
Im gonna stay up just 2 watch 8 flazzzsss dance again
Sun is out! Jessie J and other fun time music all day long to celebrate!
Listening to an interesting presentation on #linkeddata from librarians at the National Library of Sweden.
I'm so glad that I was an altar boy instead of a school athlete.
totally ok... Proper attribution and all that jazz. ;)
Excited to do a giveaway with you What shall we give away? Shopping spree? Gift Certificate to your favorite resturaunt?
Hello, it is amazing how much of modern day art is influenced by African art. See u in Miami next Art Basel. Thanks, Isaiah
I love to cook, but ever since I started working I've slacked.
Formula One: Championship remains unpredictable, says Hamilton
#twitterlessTony is lame!
learning about emos - 11 yr old brought it up last night
This is very early
If the whole world smoked a joint at the same exact time, there'd be world peace for about 2 hours.
Just now saw this my dude... wassupppppppppp
Hey Rimi- Thanks for the follow.
Listen, being real is not an easy thing to do. As humans, our nature is to do what other expect us to. Not everyone can be the realist
Bedroom body
who is Dylan? :o haha there are so many hot guys here atm :))))
Absolutely! With his ardent, loyal, devoted supporters, #RonPaul will win!
Wht did u guys get for christmas
Excited about Cardinals baseball? So are a lot of our Littles - consider sharing your enthusiasm as a volunteer mentor.
Today's special relationship word is RESPECT
Commencement begins! Congratulations Grads!!!
I want to live somewhere else. Why does Bowling Green have to be so boring?
lol ikr an they have to keep up
Today: Led Zeppelin I; Astral Weeks; Grievous Angel; and Late For The Sky
The Throne versues Young Money (Jay-Z or Lil Wayne?)
lmfao... Im so damn goofy...
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that freshmen Friday is bogus. Nothing went down lol
Tell me why everything that's bad feels so fucking good?
Has anyone bought shoes online? If so where...and what did you think?
Picking up emergen-C with .. trying to keep us both from dying.
please follow ! its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY ! GO FOLLOW & ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME! xx
um where's my invite?
Oh yeah, now I'm remembering the stress the are capable inspiring!
deyum, dough yell in me
And by an early start I mean 1pm
OMG!! For the past 2 weeks I've been listening to Whitney Houston's 3rd album released in 91. Now she has died! Gone too soon!
West Africa and South Africa winter 2013 applications are only available through this Thursday. Pick yours up tomorrow or Thursday before 4!
what draft position do they have now after trade with Redskins??
Agree. Seems as though there's a direct line from Holden Caufield to Neddy Merril
Jared, thanks for supporting Gone! Much appreciated!!
all you need now is a Randy Wolf jersey! Congrats!
Thanks for the RT...
When I realise I can't make you love me..... And you never will... </3
Thx Janet & Jermain 4 yr kind words. Cape Verde lost a remarkable person & voice. It seems the whole world is mourning w/ us. R.I.P.
Bauhaus succumbs to the power outrage and closes early.. I'm off to go James Bond out of the parking garage!
o. okay that one is probably my absolute favorite. :)
see, all these things sound great in theory but it was kinda lame. The CGI was too in your face obvious. I wanted 2like it
Be up in the same room as all these foos who kick ass Fkn inspiring!!
U only talk to me when no one else talks to u
what would you prefer? a 5 page email?
Your making me go then making me Stay why do you hurt me so bad?
bought your tix yet... or am i doing this one solo?
I am in NY Mar 23-29th, at Metropolitan Room on the 28th, is there a Jazz Night that last week? Would love to come see it.
follow robert www.roberttorme.weebly.com , myspace.com/roberttorme
not me!!
So I must have a mental block with the phrase "sneak peek", my fingers always type "sneak peak". Urghh.....
And while we're at it, perhaps you can explain why districts 2 through 6 are but an afterthought to the GOP?
Second night of hanukkah. Wish I could find my menorah :(
yay I can go now! I have a job which means I have money ;p
#chicultural2012 artists as politicians; trading artists to and from other countries so we can share.
Clear thesis strong analysis can't lose.
it's a coincidence you say that because I have an interview today. But not until 2. *Shrugs* lol
Henry James word for the day: "nostrum-mongers."
RT: catholic skl parent: her kids are asking lots of ?s. "It breaks my heart to not know what to say to them."
Total Success!
What one thing did you do for the environment today?
thanks God bless & keep you sis. You're a wonderful person!!!!
Do u notice how he's sponsored by the UFC now. They get a contract w/ NIKE when he wins. agree fight was all hype. where's the war
“: Scandal, Scandal...just brilliant!”
RT “: I think worship leading is just the broken, hungry and desperate leading the broken, hungry and desperate..”
I'm not sure
what it takes to the distance ah ah ah ah “: ah yeah ah yeah ah yeah”
Sweet dreams ladies ;)
let's bring in another W tonight #mubb!! we are marquette!
Day 82 of 100: I am thankful for gym in the morning. And my wonderful friends.
Fo sho! I'm already Sippin. I'm bout to start drankin!
Missing my family, but very happy to be in Boulder. Just a great place to be.
& We Don't Fuck With RATS .
"factory as easiest" .. the model everyone knows, and not just in education. Mindsets take time to change ..
Everybody's graduating! It's really like a ghost town here!
“: I hate it when marijuana is referred to as a drug. Its herbal medicine.” and it's amazing. :) cause I'm herbed up now! Lmao
yep, just found out i'm going to SXSWi! also, i'm interested in for a personal side project that i'm working on
wow you're so beautiful I want to look so
Last goal deflected off Hamonic's glove but a soft goal by Montoya.
Thirsty Thursday!
I ADNMIRE WHAT HE DOES/ BUT KNOW I GETS BUSY MYSELF
Thomas posted an opinion on a public page!!! He's a public figure, what does he expect?
Do you guys need a tissue for all the crying your doing? Bowl games are irrelevant. They're all just exhibitions except for 1
#IFindThatAttractive a person that's in trouble and admits they need help is amazing <3
Haha! I was going through following a whole list, and I must have accidentally clicked you twice, thus unfollowing you.
Biggest pet peeve: when people chomp their food. So disgusting.
yea true that
Trying to get motivated to get on the treadmill a second day in a row.
Yesterday was wonderful! We will surely miss Silks Restaurant but look forward to the new one soon. Chef was sensational!
At the Arthur Kohl-Riggs election party. What a great group of people....THAT MONEY CAN'T BUY!
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Duck Tails :-) :-) :-)
Magic are gonna get that revenge win over the Knicks tonight!
Follow me please hello!
Yes true, awareness should be spread first! Thank you for your views !
I posted something on your Facebook! Go look! <3
Tina Brown's Newsweek Is Still A Big Money Burner One Year Later (IACI) via
Just bought the Saturday Night Fever LP, I can't wait to get home and disco the night away!!!!!!!
jsnrjwuqgv  miss them 
I wonder if Lindzi made it through just because Ben didn't want to face an angry, Harry Cox?
Wondering if either Washing or Baylor will stop the offenses
Haven't started studying for my midterm tomorrow, oops #senioritis &
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!88
Congrats for finding the Morton's gift card!! Go enjoy a nice meal, Mike!
True that! RT : Beautiful weather this weekend. Wish it would stay this way all year.
Ipse Dixit => Unproven assertion resting on the speaker's authority (literally He himself said)
On my way to the Rock'n Run!!!
Fresh Harvest Products Initiates the Second Phase of Its Digital and Social ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Just a reminder to God, Mother Nature, ULLR, Jack Frost, Tom Cruise, Tim Tebow: Tomorrow is the first day of Winter. Ahem. Ahem.
Thank you for writing "Stuck on a Ferris Wheel" I really look up to you :)
Too down but I guess that brings them good sure money and a HUGE FILTER.
I think all the characters benefited from not having to carry the whole film themselves
Food finally!
Music Talent Auditions rocked! 44 registrations and a good turn out yesterday at The Georgian Terrace, Atlanta has resulted in 15 contracts
so i think itd be really cool if you could tell before hand, what guys are just going to waste your time
“: it should be filed en masse every state election board RNC and flood courts”.
Truly frightening!
I have corrected you several times
Business Plan Competition: If you are a finalist in any business plan competition, contact us to apply for incubator space.
Thursday is the 1st of December....already! How fast has that gone?! Have you all got your Advent Calanders :D
Okay RT : Blake Griffin just got a block. In related news, I just saw a unicorn.
All girls are beautiful in their own way, real talk its sounds like the same old shit, but its true
I can see where it can be touchy. : ) I get livid when people loosely throw around they are "designers"
Dnt need nobody but my crew
not at all
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis The Color of Penis
I've not been foolish my whole life. Only when it counted.
don't crush my lifelong dreams.
The picture of me in the paper looks weird and they spelled my name wrong! It's ea NOT ey!
Are you ready for dine-out hunting? Hello we're here :D
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!
It's weird. I can't bring them up in a search. They must have been shut down already, but I'll report them anyway.
I got invited to a press function with Dennis Rodman in a gentlemen's club in NYC. Why can't I live in New York this week?
Ryan Secrest's face was priceless but the whole Sasha baron Cohen thing is so tired
Long time no see, hope all is well up north. Reply back to regarding your pics from our shoot this summer!
"Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them." ~P. J. O'Rourke
I'll remember Brandon Inge for his throwing error in the World Series
Starting the trip to Israel with a delayed flight... At least I got through security without a pat-down!
Was able to DM you just now! We look forward to speaking with you in more detail soon!
Raj, I'm very sorry about that. Your account hit a peculiar but and support didn't have the info. I dug up your data and sent.
“: BREAKING: Yahoo appoints Ross Levinsohn as Interim CEO”
#THANKS To My New Followers and Happy Mother's Day Weekend! -
Challenge Accepted.
#FOLLOW the #Braves game that just started. #Braves up 1
IM AH Hot Commodity
Thanks for sharing our Holocaust topic page. We hope you found it informative.
Influenster just relaunched their new site! Personalized deals, complimentary product shipments, badges and more!!! www.influenster.com
THIS WEEK HAVE WENT BY REALLY FAST.
I'm pretty sure robots aren't supposed to swim.... agrees
I don't wanna. Do I hafta?
I thought Spillane would hold on to that lead at the end for USA gold! That looks like an incredibly tough sport.
I bought my first jar of mustard today... and I mean, first EVER. I do the weirdest things to support people. :)
Red Carpet Friday's 21+ 's Place | Ladies FREE Drinks & Cover Till 11pm **GET THERE EARLY** Tix giveaway to”DMX” & $25 Giftcard!!
I like the Oregon State upset.
I an never going to make it through tonight alive
So inspired by and his talk about 4/27. Learning so much about the value of a weather department at a local news station.
I have three tests today... That's just great. Is it graduation yet?
me head is killing me got some cute shoes, a nice shirt and makeup ^.^
We saw the VP's motorcade go right past us on La Brea. At least 50 LAPD escorts.
See H2-OH BEFORE they play at #summerfest - they'll be at the Beer Lovers Festival...have you bought your tickets? www.WelcometoGlendale.com
Thanks to a certain boy, I didn't get my paper done yet. So I'm burning the 3 am oil, listening to
Whats up with league pass!?! ...Less games but same old price!
“: Just wrapped location scouting for the shoot this Saturday. So excited!!” yeah! We are too!
your turn(:
Look out for Monson!!!
Doctors say KCBS reporter at Grammys had a migraine not a stroke. she tells her story on the CBS Early Show tomorrow AM.
The warm winter is bolstering citizens' pocketbooks more effectively than any of President Obama's stimulus packages.
come on Sooners!!
How's the AFM going?
#FollowFriday You should read tweets from
btw a 1mbps stream is pretty darn close to hd
yeah dude, whenever. . . come over and get schooled
Close but no cigar!!!
good luck!
IM INLOVE WITH
Tryon Edwards~ Between two evils choose neither between two goods choose both.
#royalfarmschicken on deck
dude the one by me has 2 floors and they are HUGE. I lost my dad in there. Loll
“: crybaby ass niggas #thatsthatshitidontlike”I know that's rite
the #NEWaesthetic = quickly produced, tech-heavy, content heavy, interactive, voluminous and wide spread
forever wishing i could be a cat. fuck life.
it was great - no shocking info or anything, just good insight from some local experts!
sorry I just read it! Thank you so much for responding! You are class act!
Alderman 537. Smaller office, no window, but I'm on the 5th floor with the other IT staff.
would another year in college real help Thomas move up the draft boards? I m not so sure.
RT : Thanks for all the #FF from and !
Thanks Chuck... You guys rock too!!!
Which direction?
College trips, #noschool (y)
Make that Tostado Salad healthier by replacing the dressing with Black Bean & Corn Salsa. You can save 150 calories and 15 grams of fat!
haha yeah same. They need to listen the the perfectness that is Ed, or they do not deserve to have ears.
Mine is: Whole Lotta Love - Led Zeppelin
" #OpenField reminded me of how removed I've become from play." Community response reported by Sarah Schultz
Heading out tonight to celebrate bday! Gonna be fun. The whole SR crew is coming out! Gonna be fun!!!
I always talk about how I hope to run my OWN gallery someday. Perhaps I just need to open the first? copyleft gallery.
I feel your pain. Outlook IS quite ugly. And a switch pack to a PC is painful. Wish we had a quick solution for that situation.
Anyone else ever feel the need to respond to a thank you card?
Jay Walker: "Priceline pretty much the first consumer-facing Internet company to pursue airlines"
that is a serious costanza, I like it
Doncha think they should've been ready, tho. I give no credit, where no credit is due (Cuil)
don't forget to use code words like "urban" when talking about Obama
