I am not a student anymore ... I finished my masters degree two years ago and have been looking for a job since Jan. 2010
flying to DFW tomorrow!
Cool! Get up to Boston or Portland, ME. We could put on a sick show!
Holy shit, its so soft.
no matter what you do, much respect for your game and what you did this season.
Thanks 4 the bike lane up Admiral in W. Sea. -- not. What a waste & it is so pleasant 2 drive up the hill now through potholes!
Let see what happens, i track dumped on everything.
Playing tonight at Twins Jazz Club in Washington, DC. 8 & 10 sets.
bubba cales says hey. I'm his bros friend and was gonna tell you that this weekend
"Dear Martins, we need to talk" e-blast idea that got a large open rate, but freaked out the staff...
CONGRATULATIONS on ACS's 20th! The best yet to come:)
done plz tell Justin to follow me
My worst hangover was me in a bath three inches with my head on the side of the tub. I was afraid I would drown. ( author :anonymous)
Just thought of my next Halloween costume: Ken Burns. Carry a frame around, and walk slowly towards people. Too bad, I said it 1st.
my email is and phone is 602-624-0303. Let's connect soon.
funny shit..I'm vacationing.. also turned 40..& mostly cause I can too..living the dream!!
I like that you guys are basically arguing over whether a playoff would be too popular and awesome.
a punter questions a qb maturity .... pre season game rivalry talk
Todays the day! :) Definitely gonna cry today... <3
And yes, I understand how wrong "contentious" is for Portland, but that's too bad. Blending in has never been my deal.
Aww sorry for not replying sooner! I was at youth group! :)
he's getting there! “: big arms huh? hulk big”
did u get it? I sent it marcovitz
I cant download instagram on my phone i cant find it in the andriod store. What do i do!!!
Playing the new fruit ninja like its my job
It doesn't matter where you're coming from. All that matters is where you are going to. ~Stephen Covey
Time? What's that?
but I do bad things when I am a crazy bitch like act like a crazy bitch. :-) I feel calm after but full of remorse.
follows me please : ) im fans of u :D 4
I had a feeling you would be excited, lol!
Yeah I'm now sure that Elvis Crespo has the same affect at Erotic City!
Of course gets it too!!! Cheers
hearing this song brings a smile to my face:)
All my followers plz follow she is my cuz, she is lucky bc I'm famous, keep up the followers and I will keep followin bak!!!
Well I guess I know what song I'll be listening 2 repeatedly for a 1/2hour. Needed a break from jazz anyway.
album TODAY! Help support local business and pick up your copy ! Schweet!
Just finished cool outdoor kitchen for Arciform architecture firm using our random assorted circle #mosaic #tile. Want 2 C pics!
episode of big bang i havent seen yet =D
just finished setting Wm Blake (Holy Thursday) poem for voice and piano. To hear my music Primalcine.com/Brian Cheverie's Music Page.html
I'm offended that you don't even remember being there... HAH!
What the fuck man
You are part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor!
Dear Pope, Religion and birth control are more compatible than you may think. Every time a condom breaks, someone learns to pray
😳😳😳RT : The clap turned into a standing ovation then the wave....#oomf moms booty does this....
Thank you -you as well!
looks like the laker fans on my timeline went to bed early as fuck
I was born in the wrong era.
The Clippers are getting cheated in their own building. Damn shame
Downtown St Pete, FL for the night....
can't watch tonight, hockey game and bbq but i'll catch the episode tomorrow
perfect, I'd also like a shot glass, T-Shirt, Guiness, Jameson, some dirt in jar and a key chain.
Everything is lookin' fresh and delicious today. Come eat at San Su!
Miami's what i'm reppin'.
Lunch Hour: NEWS: Kimchi BBQ Taco Launches Today!
I may be wrong here, but I think the household poll was 1 of many polls they used, other than the estimate poll.
: U downtown today w/ for the race?
Flagrant foul? If chandler gets thrown out I'm not watching the playoffs anymore.
TONIGHT ONLY! Get 1/2 off a pepperoni, sausage & pepper or eggplant & fennel pizza! Password is "INFINITY" *Dine in only*
DOH! soon enough :)
Forty is the old age of youth; fifty the youth of old age
#sarcasm #thirdeyedblindstation #playing 🎧
I think I like Khloè the best out of all the Kardashians
At birthday celebration at Sea in Bklyn. Thai food rules!!!!!
C'mon Heat!!
Loiter Squad <
West Virginia Bound with my family : )
wait hold on. In order, left to right. Me, bro, sis and dad
Yes they will be there :)
RT : In their contract negotiations, the Celtics should just play the Gino video until KG re-signs.
Hi Every one! Check out our brand new website! www.aeiweb.org!
They still dodnt start my hair yet
yeah but playin lacrosse in this weather sucks
When people in your school try and tell you something about Austin, and you're just like "Yep, I knew that months ago, bye."
This choir sounds like they just took all the black keys on a keyboard and tried to make harmony. The complete pits
sorry for worrying you!
" I don’t know what band shirt to wear for warped..... this is a serious problem, people"
Developing powerful strikes, starts with a feel for the physical ground beneath your feet and knowing how to utilize your body's motion.
My favorite non-Disney cartoon character. (Pluto's my favorite Disney.)
RIP Whitney.
i like beach hut and i cannot lie..
": My aunti made me some greens dressin mac n fried chicken bout to smash" u at my mama house ?
I used to think "No More Moves" meant you beat Bejeweled. Oh, what a fucking fool I once was.
Ten years ago: President George W. Bush announced that he and Russian President Vladimir Putin (POO'-tihn) would sign a treaty to shrink
never put that in my head!
I'm 18 baby. Turn in that first cut pass
oh that sounds fun!
Thanks, , I probably never would have connected Chihuly and Chthulu without your post - now I can't avoid the similarity.
Home Front: news from the home improvement community
: Hey Kevin! Thanks for being my first REAL follower! I literally signed up just to follow others, but we'll see - looks fun!!!
It's the last of our #CrafternoonDelight events w/ today! Gonna be a fun day with lots of great people! See you there!
My prayer for you today is that you walk in love, share your faith, and execute your gifts for kingdom glorification. God bless!
Decided to start up a custom game/animation fab. media business..can't wait to get it off the ground!
oh my gosh! haha. real life?! good thing ur the prof and it wasn't an assignment you had to turn in ;)
Andrew Luck, welcome to Indianapolis! 🏈
The Application for London Fall Semester is April 1st! Hurry and apply now for this amazing experience!
God bless you. We will always stand with you.
Finally home . (: <3
“The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.” Chuck Palahniuk
I have no idea what the hell that is but still don't think it's worth it
Me too! I love Mobwives!
Coaching's going well. Schedule's not jam-packed but working on it! :)
Good news: our floors have been buffed & waxed to a beautiful sheen. Bad news: they aren't yet dry, so we may open late today. Stay tuned.
what's being done to combat car breakins in SF? 3x in two mos personally; reduces my diet to water and bread. Thx. Retweet!
Due to weather, tomorrow's breakfast has been moved to Ritz-Carlton Ballroom Salon 1 & 2.
women that suck dick with comndoms on....how does nonoxynol-9 taste???
Ha. That's funny. Love. RT : There's another Republican debate tonight? I thought they were against assisted suicide?
but i care about you. that's all that matters c:
He's done on Tuesday. Are you done yet in St Louis?
Edward Norton, where have you been lately??
Happy Bday Tim! RT : Happy Birthday to Angels' PR Machine Tim Mead
Hey everyone!
SMH. I have the typical male response to all the judgy ppl. "I will kick somebody's a$$ if they say something" LOL!
As much as I hated band in the past, I really am gonna miss it.
I love how introduced me to his friends: "Remember how I talk a lot about hugs? This is her."
I think you mean Tom Hanks
Yupp I think Donald is going home.
And kids are so proud of their casts. They get their classmates and friends to sign them.
your uncle and I went to the #Rockies game tonight
Guys who get really into sports and yell at the TV >>>>>
the big question: to map one comprehensive transit map tool, or map diverse mapping tools/apps? #transpo thanks
Why do people insist on pronouncing his name "reim-hold." There's no h & if anyone is "holding" him, it's me
cooking. yes.
I really want to read the book Information Diet
How sweet! Thanks! I can keep secrets. ss. ;)
it's definitely a tear?
You can sponsor a Twitter party? RT It's commercial time, but the party isn't missing a beat! Brt to u by Salon.com
#teachers-we want to follow you! Mention us and if you have a picture & bio related to K12 Ed we'll follow back!
YES and YES
“God doesn’t give you the people you want, he gives you the people you need
Just turned in my Traffic Director app for !
#LAStageTalks Readings have become a genre of their own (Alice) got a big response.
Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed. -
Yes he is! All kinds of fine.
sweet! I'll check that stuff out. I can send you some of my blofeld patches too, once I figure out how to dump a patch
Sweet potatoes are great for healthy vision - they contain #Vitamin A, C, B12, and E.
Let the GAMES begin!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #24hours !!!!!! 43
Just checked out the blog, you got an awesome looking site!
G'Morning♥
ARIANA<3 you're such a princess, please tweet me back! i love u mucho<3 i hope you see this :((((<\3
. . . ALYSSA WTF DO IT. If you have ever listened to me before, listen to me now omfg.
#IThankGod that He is a trending topic on twitter! Let's go Body of #Christ! Let's exalt the name of #Jesus !!!
In the dr whit bristny
Going to sleep in my monkey hat... Don't judge me.
MKSAP: 36-year-old woman with a history of migraine
What's the news?
it's such a good feeling, isn't it. :-)
i just read that is going to judge on the next season of the x factor. i feel like a child for how excited i am right now...
WTH!!?? Ntelos is underneath USC and they have the iPhone and USC doesn't come on USC get the iPhone!
Smell is to the 5 senses as Tito was to the Jackson 5.
Fixing an RV has never been so sad.
I has a hot dog!
So hard to get ROI in training, but take a look at the benefit (I call it ROE: Return on Expectations)
I admire my mom for having two jobs and being a single mom doing it all . I love her !
now i knw he has someone look @ his tweets
RT : Want to join and put finishing touches on the Exhibit Wed evening? DM us if so
seersucker is always adorable
Starting off my Monday morning with some basketball (:
Gays in here be looking like Juan Gabriel eww I said eww!!!!!!!
CIVIL surgeon Mary Walker Evans - TONIGHT! Ohio Chautauqua on the Commons, Chester, SR 248
sleep now...
All the brothas got dreads shoulda kept my hair lol
while you're on you're PS3 maybe you can finally add me as your friend lol. Good game btw lol.
They predictable now. I'm not even shocked at the shit they say these females doing these days.
Migraines are not normal. There is an underlying problem.
I'm sure #tolkein would be astonished and annoyed. #Hollywood it's not #art it's
Stepford wife Michelle Bachmann on Sunday talk shows. No threat to Obama here. Next.
i should just go to bed since no one is replying
So tired. Night y'all.
Just saw a commercial for adult gummy vitamins. If you're taking these, you have bigger issues than vitamin deficiency.
By helping you, perhaps I was trying to lift up my life a trifle
Where it's at tonight??
Alright! Text me tomorrow! & if he doesn't work, we'll go! :))
The pacific ocean is cold.
this was an outstanding show!
bad day for sports
RT Houston has never been the same without ya :-) Things are good, but I think about to get crazy better :-)/ I❤you
Headache at work!! Need sleep
Obama2012. Ah yeah. I'm in like Ray Flynn at the Vatican, smelling like gin, without sin, to beat the Republicans - Word to David Axe
that's great glad for you can't wait to see you Saturday ~**~
first bitch i ever loved played me like a guitar, to help me cope i stuff the strongest reefer in my cigar, Money aint so funny no mo lol
I wish i was there also baby. I miss you terriably :(
Whee, a day full of arguing with people I respect!
That awkmoment when you see you spelt something wrong in one of your last tweets....
I would die, pee, cry, die, mourn, die, pee, cry,and, cry, get into a big depression and start yelling "CONSPIRACY" LoL!
hahahah that's too funny
Your finances appear to be in a similar status to our own. We wish you glad tidings this season.
#gwu ZeBi opens tomorrow in the brand new Ames Hall. Stop by for breakfast, lunch, or dinner from 8-630.
It was a great weekend to get out and do something fun. What did you do this weekend?
Who has bike parts??
Wtf.....What r talking about......ASIAN
► Friday! Live at ! Holler for list & bottles & hugs ;)
ALERT$$$HUGE PICK TODAY PLAYERS TRADES SUBPENNY~BOOM IS COMING 3PM AFPW TYPE RUN BUT POTENTIALLY BIGGER$$$$$$BE AROUND 3PM EST
not stressful,
If it has a cool meaning I'll use it. What's the meaning to the word "smitten"
And that was a very generous response to O'Donnell's lame question.
CD Release Party at BLUES ALLEY November 29th!! (Tuesday AFTER Thanksgiving)
It's the Seattle home opener today, and the weather couldn't be better. Go M's!
open time
I can't wait until has another acoustic show here. his music keeps me going. <3
Totally. Blooms and birds singing. Anything newsworthy happening today that you've captured?
Good Morning TweeterPeeps! How Are You Guys Doing? Just A Reminder New Shake It Up With Guest Dancers Winners Of Make Your Mark "AKSquared!"
You'd think a different college was better if you went there too. Pointing out what makes UW better also makes you look like a douchebag.
Can finally see normally again after getting the drops at the eye doctors today, 5 hours later, sheesh
hey, whatever works to bring you over to the dark side
Happy New Year to all of my students! Much success in your college search process. Remember there is no ONE perfect college.
Debate matchup #2: + vs. + on virtual vs. onsite visitors
Lol my mom bought the legit cutest nail polish removers
...forever" It would be the biggest Garden ever because I Love To Laugh & Smile ! :) :D XD
Tuesday's schedule is full now. Still have openings on Wednesday. Keep in mind latest prediction good chance of rain on Thursday.
Lmao you know you a real fan when you play a video game against the team that beat your team and destroy them. I used to do that w/ da lions
Who do u like better Miami Heat or New York Knicks? 🏀🏀🏀
thanks for the RT
What a pretty group of ladies! Should we try & watch it at Conojitos Sunday?
Family Table in Osceola for best tenderloins!
done my workout,my cardio,back 2 my pool,try 2 tan my ass !!!!
I do not understand settling for shitty, unappetizing food, just because it's free. Especially when there is a Five Guys across the street.
Michael Ealy know he is fine as hell and I dnt even do lightskin
Oh to live in an age when acronyms don't determine program names...
Check out Rackspace Email, I think that's what you're looking for.
Crushing Malbec & Cab Franc today.
Only an hour & 15 mins and i'm off work! Can't wait.
I actively seek out bands and go to shows... I couldn't tell you what 99.9% of their web sites look like!! F CONTROL!!!
Grow up and have an adult conversation, please.
Newt rewrites the old Willie Nelson classic as "Me and Ron".
Congrats "Yo" on landing that Higurea style contract after your 1 fluke season...
Music is my story
The days I have work all day are the days it's the nicest outside
My first experience
have a great party. What time does it last until/
but does it work??
I didn't watch videos or listen to rap music until 1999 ...CTFU
and by coach you mean he designed the uniforms for that league?
We haven't seen any eyecare people using it yet. Are you? RT : Instagram on track to hit 100M users, joining LinkedIn Twitter & FB
Aw GoodNight Hun! I love you! :) xoxo
So is on a following spree? (: we love you nick! TI AMO<3
You know it's time to turn off the game when Aldrich dunks over the whole team. Looking to Game 2.
Apartment hunting in Mountain View... Schizophrenic weather today.
sometimes the simple things should just stay simple!
I can has owl fire!
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 12
RT : Travel editors have to stay nimble to serve where readers are, how needs change, new platforms
when the other guys get a haircut it's not much of a big deal, but when pat get's one it's like part of him is missing... i don't know
looks like he did... : Looks like he didn't get that off.
Need a solution for outdoor power? Check out our products from Solis Energy! www.SolisEnergy.com
forgot to mention this sexy profile pic! What r u watching?
There finally changing prescotts name to "Prescott Junior High"
aye! Lol shiiiit. Actually. You gotta go to ballentine at all today? I can grab somethin quick.
I love #LA <3
Thank you so much for tweeting this. It was necessary.
At the canal!
Its hot as fuck outside tho.
Baby Bee Body Bar available 4/28
Fat suit or post-pregnancy January Jones?
Everybody acting like Peyton was never here... yes I'm happy for #Luck but look here boys and girls......
Good morning Twitter buddies(:
I'd so call you
Butler opened as an 8.5 point favorite tonight against the Green Bay Phoenix.
Thanks for coming out to College Night everyone! We will have Family Night tomorrow starting @ 5pm. Free 4pc nuggets for your Lil' One...
I've already passed them on to I was hoping to get a little something more. HT
Damn you, Coachella, for being so expensivo!
Google+ hangouts are a good idea. /cc
How are the 120 ppl chosen for the Q&A w/ Goodell?
Oddly, even with the exchange rate, $0 American is also $0 Canadian.
I'm super excited, as well!! RT Super Excited to meet the legendary #Comedy Guru this weekend!
in the words of the ever eloquent Ke$ha: "I like your beard"
Did you ever finish Complications by ?
Russian Deposit Files: "Expect: 49 seconds... 48 seconds... 47 seconds...."
Ryan - that's not K-Rod. That's Frank Francisco from the Blue Jays.
Ebooks are not going away, so think about the experience you want and buy your ereader accordingly.
Its gotta be you only you
Rise and shine...
MVP say what ?!?!? Couldn't have done it without my team by my side ! #lovethem #secondfamily 💚
no problem :)
hey I just couldn't do it man, I've had the name for 7 months now i believe....but I have changed my blogs name
$1 bilion? Wow. That's the most I've heard so far. Earlier, it was only $300 million. And jail for top execs? We'll see.
RT : Very excited for next week's artist announcement! I know u have ideas of who u'd like on the lineup - let ‘em fly!
aw, I miss you love bug! We most certainly do have a #girlmance forever and always. Come visit already!! Xoxo
My brother is cutting his own hair.
..250 units, residential & commercial .. 4 stories w/ parking deck. Will have to exit the hood via Old Concord
I'M GOING TO ALLWAYZ BE YUNG RICH LIKE A TATTOO AND 4 YOU NIGGAS HATING FINSH DOING YOU
i wish i had enough money to need a money manager. After that, I wish that person to be as cool as yours.
Good morning tweeter! :) Today feels like it's going to be a good week
Beleive In Yourself :)
i'm very hyper and odd atm. sorry.
She was covered by a towel haha she got locked out
as of right now, we aren't doing sponsorships but we'll keep you posted when we do
Thanks for the RT love !
My writing fiction class is making me want to read again. My bucket list of books has gotten bigger, so much to read, so little time!
me too babe ;)
Thank you! RT : Yes I have. My only Yelp review, and of course it's a great one.
When my dad shook Chris's hand it kinda got awkward. lolol
Is something wrong with me? I read one of snookis tweets and got chills..Chills are only supposed to be reserved for Oprah and cute kittens!
If I ever DO "make it" I ll never be "famous" I'm a low key guy...staying under the radar doing my thing
Happy Birthday dear!! Hope it's the best one yet!! xoxo
Lmao thanks bro
NATO, G8 In Chicago: Mayor Hints At City Dollars For Closed Businesses, Then Reverses Course - Huffington Post With massive protests and
I'm glad I was the only person in the dressing room when "I Try" came on and I needed to bust out my inner Macy Gray.
Another hour and a half to go and a night off. I need it.
RT : Elle McPherson arrived and suddenly the #GoldenGlobes #redcarpet turned into the Victoria Secret #fashion show....
Rookie Blue comes back on the last day of school! :D yayyyyyyy
Billy Joel blew the doors off with his piano skills and the duets were amazing! Great to see such talent.
Honestly, if I had gone to elementary school with you, I too would pretend like I didn't know you... :D love ya bud lol
thanks a bunch! feel free to give suggestions. the project is in very active development
you will love everything about this story. Chat on Sunday?
The River Campus is a great place! Let me know if you have any questions I can help with at all.
that, or it would also be identifiable as part of a URL (tho I don't think that'd be the case on FB or G+).
Call me Mikey Mook
Love is the syntax between what exist & what does not. This gives us meaning, for a life without love, is one not worth living.
very few people get what the hell I'm talking about. Hell, half the time I don't even know. #enigmatic #dumb jokes
. Watching film should be easy after this week's performance!
Don't say that! He's fine. We took him to Falls Road Animal Hospital. I'm going to name him Charlie. Because he was charred
You lol he said so its bad for tha late nite kickin it ?
I agree god first, but I thought god taught us to have faith in each other?? So by believing in him we most also believe in us
Updating all the 2012-2013 #finaid night handouts today. Lots of changes this year.
The group was looking forward to sharing their experience and our story at Gemeinhardt with other fellow music dealers!
The StyleLikeU clip so cool!
HAPPY WEDNESDAY!!!! Send a request my way!
Furthermore---what was in that dude's pants who sang w/her? A burrito?
can you please please please please follow me back? i'll give you some nutella :3
my limited exposure has been in between channel changes but thats enough.
Teen sues Facebook bullies for libel
go Follow Please!!!!<3
email us at ASAP! We've been finding a few rare, isolated issues, but we're resolving them quickly.
Oh VoiceOver, Ily. Nothing like waking up and recording weird, creative voices bringing characters to life! My neighbors probably hate me.
Sometimes giving someone a second chance is like...giving them an extra bullet for their gun because they missed you the first time.
#CLIPPERNATION STAND UP Battle Cry!! RT : Ok team... Strap up... We r going 2 war... We need y'all
back to the hospital. I am trying to do to much and trying to impress to many professors. I need to just take a break.
True that. TGIF-been a long week! #FF to the survivors!!
I hope there's a fireman around, when your singing cause you're smoking !
Just listened to Queen's Corner on your site. Great song. Are you going to make a music video for it?
Sure :) RT : Hi (: follow our Brazilian fan club dedicated to the Elektrolytes, please
am wondering what they mean when they say "recovery"? What recovery? Whose recovery? Where is this happening?
After a day off, its back to shooting episodes 1-2 for #webseries. Checou out our progress at www.CigaretteCinemas.com
no i just finished taking my chemistry test online
Designer Roller shades have reinvented the traditional roller shade with modern styling and design.
There is an insane Somali man at my bus stop & spends every morning shouting insults at everyone in earshot.
gosh! i just love love music so much!!!<33 :D
long tme i hvnt gone on twitter! im back!
but I'm allergic to ice-cream! lol
That homey would be
I hate driving so much.
Wade led the Heat with 31 points, Chris Bosh added 23 and Lebron James scored 14 and had 14 rebounds in the big win.
During the thing this Chinese lady was arguing about something other than her speeding on the high way dumb ass
We should feel sad for We should pity him. And I don't really think he's paying attention in school.
We want to make it easy for music from the islands to have a longer reach into the mainland. We are all about expanding the island sound
I'm not living LiFE . I'm not living RiGHT . I'm not living if you're not by my SiDE .
STILL IN THE LAB WORKING
John Dalhback at Mansion tonight. Someone hook me up with a fake ID!!
im all for watching the nba. But if you call college ball mediocrity, then you clearly have no respect for the game itself and your
You're just jealous. ;)
She does see you & she is with you. RT : I'm sad my gran isn't here to see me doing this. She'd be happy.
yup!! Still no coffee though :( but I can try reintroducing it in 6 weeks we're getting Dunkin iced coffees :)
The side job that pays my bills has been keeping me busy. I really need to tweet more. But I also think tweeting has killed my blog writting
You know you just like fuckin when you start forgettin names and times of bitches you done fucked
Australian PM, Julia Gillard, didn't bow or curtsy to the Queen of England! she shook her hand.
Thank you for retweeting!!
I didn't know who Dick Smith was until just this minute but I <3 him
holler at that one. ACCEPT UR FUCKING GORGEOUS.
#RVA Good Morning Sunshine!
just in time to host the cards at home and widen the lead
Rockford College, in northern Illinois! And thanks!
"Sometimes I Forget" by Kinsey Sadler #2 worldwide request on SoundCloud / Resnik Music Group this week.
A5- grads should also seek out the A.D., attempt to help generate revenue from non-revenue sports (Ex. Track & Field, etc..).
LOL!! And make sure to buckle up!! :P And I'm sure it will.
Hey!they should take the wins from paterno during that time,leaving eddie robinson as the winningest coach.this is terrible!!!
Took a day off from coding yesterday. Looking forward to diving back in tonight.
Can't make it in tonight but come Sunday the Globe is going to turn into the Chicauldron
omg how cutes
Pepsi MAX Field of Dreams game is TOMORROW, 6p, at Huntington Park! Come see some of the biggest names in baseball!
I almost had a mental breakdown...
Really? V.v : i just found out ciggs can cause cancer
Sometimes i play the villan sometimes im the hero sometimes im the deala sometimes im play pre mo sometimes i be feelin i got a big ego
Send me a message anyone who want 2 talk:))
Yesterday we made 8 or so batches of lip balm. Need to make 3 more batches of *NEW* flavors today. Stay tuned for the flavor announcements!
#Heat game2 tom!! 3 dubs away from the sweep let's get it!!
Will I be going to Miami to work for 5 months?...this is so sudden, I just don't know what to do!!!!
I know, sad. And it was just starting to get it's swimming legs.
#LiesIvToldMyParents , Ill be back in a minute , or Im gonna clean my room , or My homework is done ....... Lol. Sorry.
I miss the times when I'd come on twitter and didn't have about 2 million followers that clogged my timeline
Buffalo Springfield needs bengay and a lung replacement
Tweet us your questions for We’ll pose them during her lecture tonight at 6:30pm.
30-sum pound One year old sleeping on top of ya... kid this was fun when you was one month old.. now I just can't breath D:
I don't believe my eyes (Felton)
- check out Good shop located in Atlanta
=) Its a great quote ... TRUTH <3
oh fuck. i hate when that happens.
will need young kids for The Color Purple! Stay tuned.
Tonight is Pro Teacher night! Wish I felt well enough to stick around for that. :-( Melissa Wald is speaking! Come on out!
I love it
We definitely do lots of going places - so terrific for following interests, new things, books, objects.
goodluck to you too,'babe.. Break a leg *crack* lol
Looking for firmware engineers familiar with the CSR BC5 platform. Contact me if interested!
Referred a client to you who should be calling tomorrow.. Gime em your usual A+++ service!! you guys are great!
Art Crawl, downtown LA
Buckeye Nation - STAND UP!!! We Earned it...wow!!!
Album is not good at all... RT Oh, El Producto... How I've missed thee.... Cancer For Cure >>>>
LOL. Is that sarcasm, my friend?!
sorry to hear that! :o(
Like us @ www.facebook.com/teamtwilightuk :)
Right?! Just... maybe in ten years when that age gap isn't so sketch.
lmao! Maybe Melo could make a career turnaround if he came here like most black holes lol
Starbucks before work yess dammit I'm makin this a daily habit but oh well ima workn woman nd i need my caffeine
Got a text from someone that wants too get me drunk and take advantage of me
I could be in a better mood right now 😞
guess what! , i'm free till Monday!
It takes a lot of strength to do this, but more than anything strength is the motive. You might ask what her motive is.
We loved it because parking was easy and it was never busy... uh oh
I made it through a Friday the 13th with no issues.
Hangin up the phone and callin back a few hours later . thats childish
After a weekend of non-stop Incan ruins and markets, we're about to start work at the libraries! Can't wait to dig in.
because obviously you like it duh... And you're cute :)
I would care! It might make spots more competitive though (good for you, bad for me). Or I could just run certain dates by you :)
People shouldn't burn bridges and then turn around and ask for help across. ~~~~~
Congrats to and everyone else involved that I couldn't find on twitter on your great work in Deathtrap.
not appropriate for any private club I've been to, but if the local muni allows them, go for it if you want.
Brevity may be the soul of wit, but the ability to hold the attention of the long copy reader may be equally impressive.
Miss ya tonight
What is your plans this weekend?
Count Down For Kon-E-Zee pizza in a Kone to hit the road
#Ilovewhenyou wake up and see new hashtags like
wicked tasty turkey & brie sando en route to BOS. thank you for edible food and interwebs !
To bad the aren't playing on their home turf. I remember when...
thankyou so much
yes. That was a spam message. Sorry :(
Bookworm Room » Obama&#39;s peculiar definition of “courage” vis a vis ...
<--- Is ready to get faded
I Swear You Is Badd
theyy are cooking her up!
I think they all think I look for a gag reflex and thicken liquids.
Octavia Spencer! Well deserved best actress in supporting role.
After several stops we're on our last stop now getting some to go breakfast at Jollibee then go straight home!😊👌
2 Ice cold 3s by Philly to take the lead on those Stinking #Heat.... No sweep for you
thank you, thank you. We are booze-hounds, so stupidly drunk is what usually transpires!
you are good. I can't even force myself. Ugh
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:)v26
Folks gotta get up on Twisted Sister to really know what that means..... :)
I sometimes meow randomly. #Meow 
I may be old school, but is awesome. I love when it has the latest bollywood music :).
Yay. :D I'll be there!
20 miles at Legacy Trail .. 13 for & 7 more for ..Great Day .. lots of runners out.
Training for 11 mile trail run in Oct- any tips on getting into great running shape? Or ways to stick on a running schedule when super busy?
Heat average 7 points less a game w/o Bosh and show 6% worse from the field. He's the only legit big the Heat have
thinks I found a new favorite artist, if your not up on Chocolate, look her up. You won't be dissapointed!
can't wait to meet and see you perform at teen hoot! You are so amazing! Love you 21
Laid back time...
“He did me wrong but made me strong.”
At work.great day,mite go buy my self a lil somethin after I get out of this place.
THANK YOU so much. It's means so much! :)
All day power outage. Managed till noon on battery backup. Forced off the grid since. Running on acid fumes now. Yay! #Chennai. /facetious.
Bouta roll to this concert by myself. Hoping for a little catharsis. Something deep.
Test was easier than I thought it would be...
IT'S TIME MOTHERFUCKERS
Coming to town to taste some cupcakes? ;-) Either way, there's so much to do in #Hoboken It's like #roc Park Ave meets NYC!
Just saw someone lock up their stroller at Disneyland. I've never seen anyone do that.
Never lend money to frogs. They like to keep their greenbacks.
thinks she's cute;)
Simple exercise tip: Go for an evening walk after dinner. Bring your family with you!
#FF my dad (NB may not actually be my dad)
GOOD LUCK ON YOUR SOL. <33333.
Anyone have any favorite ways to cook up sword fish?
slow day at the office or are just twitter bombing for the fun of it?
I'm thinking about getting really into rating amazon products that I haven't purchased.
GYM TIME... Gotta give people some sort of inspiration at the beach & Pool parties this summer....
God-given
I dont believe you have to be better than anybody else. I believe you ve to be better than you ever thought you could be
RT : OneNote is a magnificent program for organizing information-efficient and easy on tablet pc. Just wish the info were cloud-ac ...
i feel so prayed for and looked after nd guided just by loving u, u try to fight and be special but u shudnt becuz u r thats u
My customer said he doesnt need his warranty ext. till 13, bcuz the world is ending in'12, HE been watching 2 many movies!!LOL
Artichoke > shaq's mom
Um you forgot me</3
yeah, mel said to dm you guys if we wanted info about the boys being in ny
:o you come to Nashville the day Justin Bieber's new cd comes out. That's Gonna be a pretty freakin awesome day! x :D
"Cogitate" seems about due for a revival. The world could definitely use some more cogitating.
less than one week
RT : #Follow These Guys Chicago “: Very beautiful apartments. Very.”
Are you a fan of Christ or a follower ? Theres a difference
its been one heck of a day. Time to meet up with that chiropractor of mine. :)
THANKS for that! And for the RT. Hope you know how much it's appreciated. Lots! :)
#wakeup the movie PR starts next week with screen shots, sound bites, Out takes, and our website is going to get an overhall.
God knows I love my black sistas....GOD KNOWS I DOES....But if I ever run into Charlize Theron or Lucy Liu....*sigh*
4 followers more? C:
If babymoma man not on shit who fault is that???
However, Scott Walker has more votes than Barrett and Falk combined in the #recallwalker election right now.
#momstrosity is whisper yelling at her ex again today, but it is noisy in here and hard to hear.
Congrats to inaugural class. Looking forward to Demo Day! RT we picked our class and we are stoked!
Wanna get on the Party Bus? Meet us at the corner of Sheffield and Belmont at 9.30 tonite! Free ride! See ya at tonite!
2 jobs & a wedding is driving my mind & body crazy! But I wouldn't trade it for anything. Not feeling good, but I still know I'm
hahaha that would be awesome!!
Just opened new Toni Morrison novel Home. Dedication page reads: Slade. Look forward to seeing/hearing her in Philly.
Hey I would love to come to ur bday party in my fav city in the states, my birthday is on oct 23. lol : )
'm looking toget some press for thisweekends marathon inAustin.I'm doing blindfolded for charity!
Im on google earth and Im lookin at your housee x its so gorgeouse & you have a lovely street ill come & live there one day xx
is proud to be the Official Coconut Water of this weekend's Los Angeles Triathlon! Stay hydrated, triathletes!
#OscarsRedCarpetLiveSpecial makes me want to cut my hair off!!! Ah!!!
He already choked man
Stubbs can be frustrating at times, but not time to give up on him. Bailey has been fine this year minus his last start.
2011.10.13 #Brewers 4 #Cardinals 2 after 6 | "Cards come up empty" / Uecker says on radio / Randy Wolf works well.
Should I go to LA LIVE wit my Celtics Gear on?
Sag argues that non expressive uses meet four factors of fair use
...up all nite.
Asking God of He can pause time for a couple days. I could use it
My baby cousin Lexi is so cute! ((:
#nf And thanks!
Many people have inquired if they can publish their own works on ReadPrint.com -- As such we've began work on a self-publishing feature.
Mom in law is the best! Plus, she can cook her butt off. Sunday dinner, here we come!
can you download it as a podcast? Or do you have to listen on site? Thanks.
Thanks for sharing. That's an interesting article. ^AW
W/ no dedicated space, little institutional support, Fulwiler & Middleton create. Networked Teaching Commons
missing u guys at fridays :( just not the same. Hope all is well.
sweats, two shirts and some. Under clothes, next time I will text u when I go
Have a great Friday!! Make the best use of your time and spend time with people you love!
Bored AF! I should have a conversation with an insomniac.
was great as the emcee. Had me #lol a lot. Appreciated time you spent chatting w/ athletes.
At this point, we're going to have to shift the Betancourt "Can he play short?" meme to "Can he play first?"
Dont Miss! What I Love About America on youtube,amazon.com,itunes, Rhapsody,Napster,CD Baby,Lala, Cd connection, Iphone Music, google more!
Really, I understand you're sad, but please. We don't need a status about every emotional thought you have.
I have been listening to that for at LEAST 2 hours tonight! On replay! And on YouTube watching your videos!.(: Iloveyou(:
hell maw.they better not! #threat!
RT : Keep everything organized, having instant access to search your entire set of notes - I love OneNote unconditionally! www. ...
seattle is crazy today. there's this bright ball of fire in the sky, shining on the city.
let me know when that pop off
well, i am a FatAss and I like their food! :D
Happy! I've been selected to guest judge Engineering Society Detroit's Future Cities comp. Can't wait to see the kids designs!
Come by for some Champagne or Hot Buttered Whiskey and celebrate the New Year tonight with us ~ We are open until 10pm with full VF Menu
Congratulations to Assistant Risha, Employee of the Month!
can't leave! She just can't!!
Best of both worlds: 1,400 words (with footnotes and never ketchup) on Chicago hot dog stand collusion?
I wish #KU fans would shut the fuck up. You are no better than
#twitter makes #football 100000000x funnier
You too!
Just had a nice 5 days off, hate to come back to work. Only 607 days to go.
So exited , 13 Days to Christmas <3
Everybody on dick now.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck, I don't wanna! (:
Woke up with a scratch on my nose. I don't own a cat. Damn you Jameson.
: I vomitted after that finals match today. What disappointment!
Sure, in the USA take a look at www.appliedsportpsych.org or for UK www.bases.org.uk both routes are universally accepted.
Stupid phone sent variations on a tweet three times. Apologies.
Probably Bones. You?
Free trip to China?
2 shows next week, blue room Thursday and lovin' cup Saturday
Making sloppy Joe's for dinner! MY FAVORITE!
She's always here for me and I'm always here for her
Indeed but tis a passing thing, this shadow.
I still have to do homework ...
Just heard an early Todd Edwards tune on a Scion iQ commercial. crazy.
Nobody gives you a dollar or chance in this old town.
40+ for FNM Tonight! Come on down next week to join the fun!
It's hot af.
So true. Dry calm weekend, unfortunately. Maybe hope for a good freak summer thunderstorm tho :)
Thanks, James
starting now w getting back in tune
Two ships passing in the night: NYT questions whether they should act as "truth vigilantes." The Onion gives a sloppy wet kiss to Norquist.
Sorry all for the erroneous messages the last few days my acct got hacked. I promise that i did not send any spam messages.
Tree problem on Taylor's Ferry causing big delays SB Macadam Ave/Hwy 43.
it! Are the weekends the best for you?
doing well... how r u?
Internet is finally working after almost a week. Thank you person on the phone named Jodi!
How are the Lakers and "Black Mamba" doing? Ohh okay..
Party People in the House Tonight!! Everybody's gonna have a GOOD TIME!! ..And we gon make U Lose ur mind!!!! ... Shake That!! 2011!!
That's what I heard.
yep, she's been my asst for years, now proud to do it herself. We stay in the room of course, but she's learned to be safe
Gearing up for Deas Vail, Love of Everything, Sick of Sarah, Now Now, Max Dvorak, Loftland, & The Daze THIS WEEK at Redamte Coffee House!
All good. Hope all is well
Mercedes, NICE! Bringing in the wild, out-of-the-box stuff to help Vera...
Sharp $ hit Bulls this a.m at +4....leaning towards Spurs
C'mon out tonight 2 Puckett's Downtown Nashville tonight 7:30-9:00. Hear some music & get you some good southern food. Hope 2 see you there!
I Love You In Blue, I Love You In Red, But Most Of All I Love You In Bed ;]
It is beautiful outside! RT : Looking out the window... I want to be outside!!!
YOU HAVE A PROBLEM. IT'S JUST A PHONE
FACT (F)orget the past (A)ccept the present (C)hange the future (T)hen smile : )
That is about what our apartment was this morning. We've already turned our heat off.
was about 2 weeks for me!
thanks for the #FF! see you Sunday!
OKAY BETCH LEMME GO OVER THE CLARKSON RESIDENCE RN CUZ WE BEST FRANZ AND I'LL TELL HER TOO haha
Movie Review: The Lucky One Jinxed by Far-Fetched Plot Review in a Hurry: Zac Efron has fallen in love with Taylor Schilling before he's
im cool with the teacher aha & im done with everything so she said for the rest of the year to check in then i could leave ;)
"Without honor, victory is hollow"-swcw
and that FDOTUS gag is ancient
UPCOMING: Sept. 17th Bring a plain t-shirt to the Museum & add Silicon Valley style w fusionwear on the spot! AbsoluteZERO Festival
been there
I want to be friends with you!
Tina get in the groove bro! I was dancin:)
Tonight! Have a laid-back evening at , 8:30pm
What are your top #AV forums? Everyone seems to have a favorite.
RT : You cant be Mark Zuckerberg and excel in healthcare, you have to be able to relate to people.
I need to get this bump on my back checked out.
Party planning as we speak....!
is it online yet? link?
Are you still watching fringe? Tonight is gonna be sweet!
If he fucks u raw the first time, just think who he fucked raw the last time! Safe sex is great sex!
I know I am a AUSTINITE but I bleed Green and Gold!!! RG3 is going to win the Heisman Trophy! Baylor killed it today! WAHOO
happy easter day!!!! :D
I have no heart or soul then as I'm still alive.
I'm watching your interview with Lady GaGa. Interesting. Time to do a report in honor of Trayvon Martin! RIP!
#OneTimeInPalestine those in Gaza could fish the sea without being assassinated by Israeli snipers.
Why am I watching 4 yen year olds behave like Chris Brown or something for money pft #America minis behaviour my sister informs me
sounds interesting...
Watching mtv woop
A SHOUTOUT TO MY NEW FOLLOW U ROCK
Omg my shoulder :(
and we miss our wonderful intern, Aaron!
aww lol I apologize haha ,Is he lost again ??
Very cool, great PR idea by Head & Shoulders.
thank you very much
Lol my mama said she spread the news like WiFi
For the Stanley Cup Finals in order I want... 1. Kings-Rangers... 2. Coyotes-Rangers... 3. Kings-Devils... 4. Coyotes-Devils.
Hey guys. This is Todd.
NEW FEATURE: 10 DAY FORECASTS are now live!! /hourly10day/ and /forecast10day/ (the 7 day format still works, just removed from docs)
New outdoor seating coming soon to Eggfast-OSU!!
New cover of is posted on the FB page. SE readers are the best in the world - but you knew that. :D
send 'em Graham.
Megan Good Ass!
Las vegas on march 29th... yeah, why not!
And it begins... can't wait to see the beautiful bride #realtimewedding ;)
WORD. RT : Just realized most people operate on a "what can you do for me" basis. F*ck being a brand, be a person first.
Dang, Miami must've gotten shut down after I started my show. 55 in the beginning of the 4th?
my dad says sushi is japan's greatest invention
Storage Ottomans for Your House DecorHome Blog - storage ottomans
this is great :-)
right now, i'm just another face in the crowd / but i'd rather be on stage facing the crowd
Way to go Avon! County Champs!<3
Quintana looks angry so i think latimore will fall..daugnestraudamus spoke..fight time!
it's only true :3
waching Scott Pilgrim VS the World with Tina.this movie is oustandingly random.
If something does not work, next time do the opposite!
So I was and others playing ball. Had a good time :-) God is good ALL the time!
thanks all those who supported us to launch, and then those who helped entrepreneurs on our site!
If Katy Perry had said no... Niall wouldn't be in One direction. </3
Sunday fundayy. Breaking out a mini sundress.. 80 degree weather I'm ready for you.
Its really cold >.<
thanks for following!!!! xoxo
RT : "Statistics are no substitute for judgment" Henry Clay
Free hugs! Come and get 'em!
Thanks for the follow!!! #TEAMCOOLWITHME lol
Im such a bad twitfriend but speech therapy and saynplay keeping me very busy.SayNPlay now being carried by laureate learning-oh happy days!
Did you know the trunk of an elephant can hold up to two gallons of water?
try-ing
Congrats... and Happy Canada Day
I no u don't sleep much but it's Friday u ain't got no job and u ain't got stuff to do
Am I not worth more then that?
yes i'm part of the YRL social media team. why what up?
any news about bringing in the root beer Gus soda?
Went to the new #Baltimore today. It was brilliant. Highly recommended, but not very busy. Must be the lack of advertising.
The Purple Sage is probably the only thing about HS that I get nostalgic about.
oh lucky guess.. And it was on my floor!
great question
Moralizing and morals are two entirely different things and are always found in entirely different people. -Don Herold
send some music in make sure it's clean CEO DJ Grimm
Happy Easter everyone.
Why do we narrow down #presidential candidates? Why not skip primaries & simply vote on 1 day, with all candidates on the same ballot??
Definitely not "authentic." Glad you enjoyed the food!
My mum's op was really good,she feels much better now I guess she comes out of hospital Tomo : )Just wanted to tell ya :-*
what do you think about interactive widget-based apps in the cloud?
Luke Scott lines out to Gonzo. End of the inning
Draft budget: hope to hire 8 new FT staff for center by 2014-15, including exec dir., marketing dir., and fundraiser by next year.
So ready!!
Lol RT : thanks for coming to the gym with me. THAT'S directed towards you...
Not saying today was the best or something I just liked the tweet yea
Get TAN TODAY! *Specials* Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 FREE! Buy 10 Instants for $99! LOTION and MEMBERSHIPS on SALE TOO!
Inspiration is receiving, inhaling. Expression is giving, exhaling. Existence is a living art form. I breathe, therefore I create.
"Tools for building future audiences." Yep, that's a big one.
Home loan borrowing costs rose about as much as they could today without having it negatively impact CURRENT MARKET...
Getting ready for E. #roc parade. Too hot for this tonight
From now until we close at 8pm, a free Red Rabbit Cooperative Bakery donut if you mention this post. :)
call of duty and diet snapples ? its gonna be a god day 
Is the future of education in the cloud?
How's it going? Been a minute.
it's like 8 bucks to mail a package! that's like... 8 tacos at jack in the box, dude. we need a plan...
thanks for the follow!! Always happy to connect with great minds in the industry! ;) Keep in touch!
Shopping with the ladies(:
Just finished brainstorming some custom recommendations for and They will be in email tomorrow!
Hope everyone at SLHS had a great experience at prom....
Thanks for showing me around the boston startup scene, Paul! Great meeting you!
Tweet me Get Austin Mahone Verified and ill RT it!!!!
“: Still missing that lost hour? What's your secret caffeine cure for the day?” TCB white mocha, to bad there is no TCB here!
I think there is something wrong if you don't like big lips. . . Maybe it's just because I love lips..
Lincoln Park Pub on 14th and Starkweather!
I'm cool haha
i didn't slap you...i just simply high-fived your face xD
Love ya! You have a great week too!!! When is the birthday party again? I misplaced my invite - but we got it!
May shall be a fun month.
I wish would tweet me :'(
Totally! Good morning Janis, how was mother's day?
why is that ?
Recruit specialists and execs on Linkedin groups validate/expand participant profiles on Facebook
I'm a counselor, mentor and friend to others
"Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot"
Ok, I know two wrongs don't make a right. So, what's the number? 50? 75? I'm on 32.
good hanging yesterday. reminded me of our first date (tear).
I feel like a majority of this trip has consisted of waiting for public transportation and sitting in vehicles for 40 thousand hours 😡
one direction
You've never cried to me before like this Chase..I'm on my way.. Don't make me regret this okay?
Thank you
follow back
WOW Chicago... Wow
Jerry Coleman~ Thats Hendricks th home run. One more and he reaches double figures.
“: The Goonies in math! ”
I coulda invited someone.. Or tried to ahah
Order sent to Miss Mieke in Canada!
Social Media Special: Window insulation kit 3 pack, free with $20 purchase. Something you can really use!
I can't even wrap my head around the idea of winning $336M. Where to begin?
Being the Easter bunny is expensive! Or my kids are super spoiled...
I'm that make ya say oh!!!! Nigga I'm that chill, real, killin, big deal, grilling nigga
dawn dish soap, with its "grease releasers" :), is my go-to for stain removal. good luck!
hail Hitler! Just kidding Annie.
I'm at Bounce U :(
yes ... Find me
can't freaking wait to hear your new music !!
Clever girl...
Reality though is WIAA wouldn't want to deal with the PR nightmare of moving the boys tourney from Madison, if only for a year.
I love Katy :D
IM HOLDING A CASTING FOR A NEW YORK REALITY SHOW HIT ME UP$$$$
I had a amazing blessing come to me today tweeters....... God is Great!!!!!!!!
I thought you felt like a ROCK STAR every day.
I LOVE hair metal!
i gotta record for u too! I'm on my shit again! Ima set up a new dropbox and start flooding it with material as it comes!
Send a hello to Pam and Dan tell them PackABag&Go Scott Ford sends a hello from Portland can't find them on Twitter...
follow back ugly nigga
First Justin Hawkins outfit of the night: American flag-themed leather vest and pants combo.
Thanks for the shout out! you're awesome :)
Melissa said that would be wonderful! Right now LP is on break and Melissa is doing musical theater but LP is not over!
In class looking at posters with gothic type knowing where I can find it in wood at globe
it was good! It's for a client but totally cool to see behind the scenes
Just saw a tweet-reminded me that the Easter bunny brought some to my house-must find where my husband hid it from me...
I already miss I'm thinking I won't let him move away from home until he's 30… maybe 35!
annoyed my phone isn't getting service
may take you up on that someday...
Im bout that fitness ball life ! lol
You fuckin' know it!
great meeting you today!
7 exes ! with Vegan! Vegone ! be gone! yeah! milk of an animal ! strength of love is not effective !
Indeed, that was a fabulous show among fabulous company. Woo!
Eli Manning was spectacular at making plays against that Niner defense..He took some hits and shook it off
Tell your mom i said Happy Mothers Day we all love ya<3 (;
Can't think of anything goofier than the Olympic torch lighting ceremony. I mean, really?
Sherry Leedy Contemporary Art’s exhibit “Present Tense” compliments & contributes to the #anh conversation of the role of art in our society
Just got my voting on!
Now she wanna photo, you already know though you only live once that's the motto nigga yolo
You're not in Kansas anymore, Kansas
always gay
YES MAN!
Haven't read anything for fun in awhile. You recommend?
Or sooner RT we had our eye out for you, mister! that's ok, maybe next time. :)
what's the difference between genius and stupid??? genius has its limits.
#FF! Hit us up with a #FF and we'll hit you back!
Seriously? That's such BS. I'm glad you're doing it though. I've considered fighting but it's hard to know if it's worth it.
come check out SBSChicago and we will give you $10 off your first cut (773) 252-9522
there's a old guy in the car next to us who is reading the paper while driving, that's skill.
Totally agree - Love Kings of Leon!
I'm new to twitter party and cloth diapering.
We sent you a DM
haha well he does look like it!
Definitely going to be following on learning constructed around cognitive process at Learning & the Brain Cambridge
SO you and I had an awesome time together the other night...in my dream!! Lol
OK the 2nd base ump in Philly has brass balls calling that in Philly. But he is absolutely right.
It's a good day to go hit 4th St! Santa , card making at {OPEN}, holiday bike decorating contest etc... (via )
i wish i could stay mad at people..but i always end up forgiving them..
finally! dont do that to us again aaron lol
is the man. It don't matter Ryder there is no title on the line no 24/7 rules here buddy
She's so loved : ) RT your photos by are so amazing they are breath taking!
I really want to shoot a video for
aw Madison your so sweet!!!!!<3
Not only have I referenced Alien in the novel in progress, now a Ted Bundy reference slipped in as well.
So much to do and morning came this afternoon ;-)
♬ Paul Anka Born in Ottawa Canada, At the age of 13 Paul formed his own vocal group called the Bobbysoxers. ♬
so tempting
OHMYGAWWWD YES finally following me! Oh thank you :3
I guess you are done tweeting
A healthy dose of Sarcasm keeps me from tripping my co-workers.
Just left Chi Cha lounge
Area residents to work on hospital ship - Altavista
Best supporting actor. I'm pulling for Christopher Plummer!
also, is it #panic time for other bills that were to be voted on this evening???
Hell yeah! Stupid Spec work.
who's calling me "men." Seriously.
pac better not come out with beiber ill personally write a letter to Manny telling him how disappointing that was
Sorry for my lack of tweets lately, I'm having some technical issues with my page! Am determined to figure it out. Don't give up on me!
You mean drink our pee like Bear Grylls? XD
nice flow.
Men In Black I. May 25th. Who's down to go?
Zach brown I like the musician better! Sorry your a 5th rd guy
C U There! RT“: I get to see this weekend at our first competition! #gowinterguard”
Making the decision to have a child is momentous. It is to decide forever to have your heart go walking around outside your body.
I think everywhere I eat they play a game called 'Slip some meat into the last bite of Ryan's food so he gets a stomach ache'. Shitty game.
What do you mean it's not Saturday?? I totally tried sleeping in...
I'm ready to see M. Ward and Black Keys for the first time live at #coachella today!
You're the beautiful one. :)
How were early telegrams understood as "written" at all?
Thinking the #WhiteSox screwed up big time by letting Buehrle walk and signing Danks.
Run! Police!
I'm actually really excited to see the music video for BOYFRIEND!!
youll see them more then i will! lol
Beginning a very different shift at work tonight - play-by-play satellite ops. Busy night tonight!
no joke. We reported it tonight!
Who regularly goes into work at 7:30ish ????
All of those people were fired.
Haaliwood state of mind!
Good morning, have a fantastic week and Monday everyone! Keep in touch!
I thought Amish didn't use electric so wtf is with the electric fire place things they make. how does that work if they don't use electric??
If a story needs a birthday party attended by every other mag in order to be any good, it is not any good.
Too. Many. Cornfields. That's all there is! The drive home is so boring :P
Also remember a random follower will be chosen to win 2 tickets!
Its Currently 54 degrees, hopefully climbing to 64 in Detroit today. STS-GRIOT would like to welcome spring with open arms!
shes turned out to be just perfect.
according to my girl, its not in the feet. She says she sums up a man and the size of his dik by da size of his hands
when can teams sign gilbert arenas? Are the hawks in the mix?
Love B B & B too much. Always need to stay focused or I end up with neat stuff I don't really need in basket.
anyone have a copy of the dragon book i can borrow?
lol....and all I want to do is know what's going on in their head...
ha. Timeout is over! Let the favoriting continue.
He had to have learned that from you, lmfao.
Kroy and that tragic hair.
Lunch time..
Like what the Cosmpoltian of Vegas has done at the Open.
I work hard 2 find employees 2 work 4 me in #ABQ, so that I can then turn around & fire them so they can collect unemployment
LOL Do you have already have a membership with us?
Glad get back in the game!! Thanks to everyone who supported me
S/O 2 and the rest of the #SCRSCReamTeam for being RYDAZ! We Luv yall ! #SCRSCReamTeam All Day!!!
u comin to ashley concert??
So many choices. Tops: Equiano, The Female American, The Coquette, then there are some good pairings...
some guy there ._. Her "friend"
pretty good, a bit tired
Carving my initials on your forehead
that's why and I are staying in the car.
We've been nominated as Best in Sports Technology by Sports Business Journal! Couldn't have done it without all you awesome users!
RT : FREE Dessert with ANY food Special Today!!
Looking forward to tonight's Mystery Wine Supper. A % of wine sales will benefit !
Cavaliers down 44-71 to the Bucks at the half.
it was actually decent, thank you:-)
trance always helps me relax in the best and worst of times :)
Evelyn and her boyfriend are so annoying. 😱
RT : Had a great rehearsal with the band! We r gonna have a good time Friday
Im not fred flinstone or Young Money but I I I I can make yo bed rock(;
Is it opening day yet?
blake it's flu season
I envy you...I wish I could skip school today haha
RT if you like
4XEM will be launching a new line of cameras and PoE products soon. They will all be available through existing resellers and distributors
My white IPhone #love and my blue earphone with smiles and my fav music. #Hair and and and other singers..
Nope I Do!
get off work already
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture.
Great game, we still have ourselves a series
Great insight into Social Media and how to use it to grow your business. Katelynn Alexander
. Indeed. Timeless. Whatcha got?
RT The team that kept us from our potential Super Bowl in 08 is back on OUR turf now. Trust me, we haven't forgotten.
Do check Amazon where you live though, Amazon is certain countries is showing the book in stock...
I live in a world of abundance&gratefully receive the blessings of God With deep gratitude I acknowledge that I live in a world of abundance
A little perturbed by the people from the other 28 states with marriage amendments, including California, taking pot shots at NC.
I read Hollywood Wives when I was 14 and I've been hooked ever since!
Stuff by Paul Brown » The first football video game
And we're homeowners!! Who wants to celebrate with us this wknd?!
We had a great time at #Chilibrew in hampden last weekend. Looking forward to summer fun, food, an baltimore night life this summer.
Making it a Star Wars night. Episode VI.
Stoltenberg: We'll do everything in our power to maintain Norway as an open and free society in which youth can express opinion without fear
Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind. -Rudyard Kipling
Let's get it! Let's work hard. Live your dreams!
Track: Canby junior Karley Baggerly's long jump of 18 feet last week vs Lakeridge ties her for No. 1 in state w/ Jesuit's Sierra Arlauskas
i had a crush on you when i was little. :) can i get a replay and follow from your biggest fan.
Happy #Monday!! Have a great week!
sitting in on a "mad men" webinar ads of 60's vs. today
RT Sell your items in the ServiceBox Market Place. Never have to repost! Feature your product, SELL IT FAST!...
General subjects or something techcomm related? We had a dunking booth on campus today. If you answer incorrectly. Splash.
Gonna be a ling day of sling cosmetics
went 2 years ago for a wknd...so clean
2nd time tonight, there is seemingly ethereal trumpeteer playing music outside my window. This time it was TAPS.
my will shall shape my future:)
Damn looks like T-Mac is going to be out
RT : ..The only way to beat RIL or any legacy energy/chemicals company is by controlling, monitoring & predicting demand
Ok oh
Mine also. RT : New #Cubs Bowden says fave player growing up was Ryne Sandberg.
"Bitch don't wanna mess with me, I'm mentally unstable" quote of the night
- Welcome Frankie! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Making lists for #SXSW. Going to be a busy 10 days.
yea I'm excited
If there were a day for #mj we would bet today is the day!
LOL! : Please go to Zahm Hall and tell my son Aaron what a bad decision he is making by leaving ND. Thank yo
One week left before Christmas Vacation! CSHS is preparing for the talent show...yesterday, Santa Claus visited!
Going to the Comedy Attic tonight to see Hannibal Buress. It's so great to have a place in Bloomington that has great comedy every week!!
what does yizzer mean? Lol I'm lost... :)
and I would have made big ray white lbs
wow 4month reply:P~
So excited to go apartment shopping this Saturday-looking forward to this next chapter!
Worst day of my life with right now. Furious. Unreal. I have no words.
Needs sleep!
I guess it was as good as its gna get...such is life
where'd you end up tonight?
All violence consists in some people forcing others, under threat of suffering or death, to do what they do not want to do.
- i wont be bothered with to many ppl when i get back either imma be prob more to myself
It's tricky
here's a tip never decline a blocked number I could be , , or
I always remember how I been treated I never forget the good or the bad so when I dish you out a plate just remember what you gave me to ate
---nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,nah...bat cam! Where's Ozzy Osbourne when you need him. How do you catch a bat in the newsroom?
On side of road heading to Augusta. Pulled over so Van could wipe dog shit off boot.
sorry I missed you call me soon, one!
Do you have any idea how difficult it is to find a radio without an ipod dock, clock, or cd player? Thanks for keeping it old school gram.
is one Mrs. Emily Weixler McKay. Really enjoying #CornbreadMafia, btw. Great work.
We have been getting lots of bookings from our lovely Twitter Followers! Keep it up everyone!! We LOVE new clients!
TIGERS IN RED WEATHER just came in. Family drama on Martha's Vineyard in the 1950s with a murder thrown in. What's not to love?!
WOW!!! “: The typical museum devotes 3/4 of its education budget specifically to K-12 students. #museumsadvocacy”
glad to hear it. Welcome to the addiction.
mistaken and always second guessing
Incline your ear, and come unto me: hear, and your soul shall live; and I will make an everlasting covenant with you . . . Isaiah 55: 3
George Morgan: #genealogy societies need to use new technologies eg.) Digitization projects, Electronic seminars, etc.
We'll hope not. At the worst, it's a check, exposure, and maybe a foot in the door. Never know what might come of it!
Glad you guys enjoyed it.
FTW: "We're a library," Mr. Riordan says. "We believe in privacy."
In other news im also going to Ohio.
Hey ! Could you add us to the sticker gallery please? Thanks!
Elise got a instagram!! Who told her to join us in the 21st century. Lmaoo
it's the simplest lines that are often most effective.
#OTRC Gary Goldman really needs that Oscar. Don't make us riot.
oh. Ahah. Like i said im good. Soo whats up?
Q: Rate meh?And date or pass?
I just found out my boyfriend was cheating on me 
Kanye west is not attractive what so ever! What is kim kardashian thinking?
I'm thinking Kaiser's and tonight! What about you?
great fun this morning
ME: "I think it's an Asian thing" HER: "Yeah, you know how we're raised to be perfect" O_O (LMAO)
This is true! I had a change of heart after I moved to Mke and decided to go back and get my certification in grades 1-8.
That awkward moment when your mom locks her bedroom door and won't answer you..?
Hailing from Richmond VA, I'd have to say Virginia Tech - Virginia. Go Hoos!
E87 really iS #magic!
nice running into last night at Legends! hope the JD didnt kick your ass too hard ;-)
TWEET us if you want us to follow you back!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people dont stay true to their word.
looking forward to it!
#SportsTacklesCancer is thinking about every #cancer survivor- & #NSMN charity bd members- today on Nat'l Cancer Survivor's Day.
I took 3 showers already and i havent even steped out the house.
tell golic I still walk funny from my onesie
When I'm low he take me high
Speaker available - Brick Wall Battering Rams - www.unyg.com
um that is hardly a decision... NY!
started Friday Night Lights Sunday and I'm already on episode 15. I'm such a sucker for a good TV show.
Hope no1 blinked during that match GIVE THE DIVAS A CHANCE
You listen to country music? You just suddenly became sexier. <3
Thank you so very much pastor. God bless.
Let's talk about how it's 64 degrees and I'm wearing pants... and how HUGE of a problem that is.
Let's go Clips!!
RT : Dear Rick Santorum: If we want to encourage abstinence, we shouldn't ban porn. We should make all porn feature you.
Monday morning classes: 6:45am mat pilates class, 8am cardiocore class. 1 week free of unlimited group classes to new clients!
I think so. You probably don't have to read Schumacher's book though, you can just ask about it.
You could've made it <3
Of course Oh Tonight would come on the radio right now 😔
Thumbs are the sort of cheating that made this species GREAT, hippie
Work in the morning! Come visit for lunch !:)) #rookies goodnight!
My computer is messed up again, FUCK MY LIFE!!!! What am i gonna do nowww ??? 😢😭
Jam sesh in Santa Monica with and like a boss.
Kickstarter is going to hit goal today. Who is going to make the next pre-order and make this dream a reality?
Loud talkers really bother me.
This weekend the family celebrated the 4th (and my birthday!) with a parade, grilling and a new pool to keep cool! Been in it every day!
Happy birthday to my sister that is 20 today!!!! :) love you Ashley
Does anyone else's dad read the entire menu out loud at dinner?
Great panel on the future of educational technology at the Philadelphia #edtech Meetup at
Most def ! Feel free to let us know up-coming shows, we'll RT & FB them :) Emmi
waiting to get a new tire
too busy yday..
Congratulations and THANK YOU to Charles Haddix for 26 years of dedication and service to UMKC libraries!
If you see on campus today, be sure to give her a big #OkYo cus she'll be having the best day ever!
pretty sure I need to keep a fully stocked first aid kit in my room!
. Lies about the Pres r fine but the truth about Romney is a bit too much??? Mean Core early-on!!
No prob! If nothing else we can have the panel discussion on my couch. It comfortably seats three.
Monday Night and another great class at our exclusive Beer School at Taproom. Come by or call for details at 212 725-4766
you should follow they talk about exactly what their tweet name is.
RT Bah time to be strict on my diet again. And I'm tired of just saying it. I'm disgusting.
Grt! RT : Filtering through notes from Some pretty nice wines in attendance, and a well organized event.
the darkness fall beneath us as we rise above the city.
Blank Tweet.
with three dipping sauces?!? Nice!
Only 13 more followers needed until the half off code!! Let's do this! RT
no problem! thank you... for being amazingg!
the best option is Not to backpack tomorrow
I Miss Him Terribly >;\
I wish I was with u but I'm stuck at home being sick I love u and i wish I was better or cousin but I'm not:(
Yes! RT : TSA "iPads don't have to come out of your bag. I repeat iPads can stay in your bag" Idiot "what about my kindle??"
Anyone have experience with colocation within ~150 miles of Madison?
see you guys soon!
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
"they make wine for Jews but now want to make wine for normal people" #Roger #madmen Oy vey.
#IfIWereU i would go to bed. night all.
We have added listener capacity to our Stream! Be sure to listen to the talent of solo piano artists from around the world!
p.s. I am getting your shirt tonight! :) I'll let you know when I mail it!
Ask #Siri what her favorite color is. :)
ha, can't say I do. I'm in draft mode.
Austin is so excited to see all of you this summer!
Just paid for something at the Apple store using the Apple app and EasyPay. Totally feel like I just shoplifted.
Atta boy Nunez. Atta boy Stewart. Yankees lead 4-2...<<Glad to see some nice comments towards NOONIE...!
absolutely LOVE the coca cola christmas adverts!
I miss you too. But ya know... You can always text me back :)
Do something a lil strange for some change
Some new sign-ups have reported log-in problems. Also, voting page was loading slowly earlier. Let us know if we can help.
I hate when i cant get the sleep , i so desperately want .
I didn't have my camera at the time & my crappy phone doesn't have a cam! But I go there all the time, I'll see if it's there!(:
Come spy me tonight at the #PKETweEATup & Taste of Lake Country, twitpic me and enter to win FREE MKE movie tix!
I've been seeing u in alot in the press lately and luv how grounded you are, don't change!
LOL! Who am I kidding? I was mostly reading books in high school.
Bout to cut this grass then hop in this #showerflow #sapdoe and this grass high as hell
BIG news tomorrow morning!!! STAY TUNED!! xx :-)
