Trippy, aye? Thx for visiting! RT : The menu is in 3D at Complete with glasses.
Happy Mother's Day!
Haha. Enjoy the youth while you have it. Growing up is 436% less fun than they say it is.
WHICH IS X
another earthquake? (or aftershock?) as well as severe thunderstorms and a tornado watch? when did oklahoma get so extreme?
Happy Friday peeps!
Interesting . . . #Colts have ZERO quarterbacks!
yeah, i follow it close enough to know that. He's making money as a losing franchise, and he's perfectly okay with that.
Suffering w/ #acne? A common culprit is constipation. Increase fiber and water intake for a clearer complexion.
Only if you're talking about what I'm talking about!!
#NowPlaying Paula Abdul :Straight Up ♥ "straight up now tell me do you really wanna love me forever ohohoh or am I caught in a hit and run?"
Im Tryn to get wit the winning team
A BIRD JUST FLEW IN MY CAR !C
Oh come on... what's a little tax cheating among friends?
You better hope to god I NEVER come across him. I will literally kill him.
those storms were crazy!!! I was by myself at first scared out of my mind!!!
Today in Invention History: Irving Langmuir patents an incandescent gas lamp in 1916
Thai curry, Game of Thrones on HBO then a good book to send me to sleep.... hullo, Sunday evening!
Not at all! No genetically modified food for me or my family. It seems that too many man-made things cause problems down the road.
Seconded. Actually looking fwd to the screenwriting/fiction tweets moreso. RT : Welcome back, Nathan!
daily tweet about following because they're perfect
Alright, I've just paused my movie for the 22nd time or is it the 23rd, I lost count ... getting myself another cup of joe.
Great discussion with md professors!
Hack the One Armed Bandit! Not in their game plan. That would be too easy. RR's a righty anyway. Lol
I'd like to thank the academy...particularly , who believes in a dream...
Does anyone have experience #teachingenglish online? Would love to hear the pros and cons from you #ESL, #TESOL,
No, I'll check her out. RT : Dude, have you heard of Adele? She's really good!
Am I EVER going to get through Isaacson's bio of Steve Jobs? I keep stopping to surf the web. Now I'm viewing Zen decor...
lol come on now! You weren't talking about me I hope!
What are you all waiting for? Free and easy www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
come on, I was in like 2nd grade and I remember that!
Don't forget to follow me on here if you haven't already done so. #thanks :))
If you hear of a guy in a bell tower in the AM it might be me, and if so it'll be all Infopath's fault.
Nice work!!
b-b-b-but they've only got one phone model?!?!
Guys! is in Twitter Jail!
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number so call maybe.
no problem thanks for helping us trend #HU4L !
Listening to the 1971 underrated classic Badfinger "Straight Up" while getting some drafts of voter guide statements out...
damn that's tight
Shoutout To Those Now Supporting Good Music
they're all dead. Spoiler alert.
Loving this smack down that #UNC is putting on #Duke!
Breakfast at another broken egg with !
That is weird it happened to my friend too.
me too!
Who would fuckn' do something so hurtful to a poor baby :/
It's not a tapeworm, is it?
Or even if just the former. I banned all reference to it in our house, kids or no kids.
I LOVE the show Awake on NBC!
Told my boss today I could not come in cause I have "Anal Blindness" He said "Whats that?" told him "Me not seeing my ass coming to work."
thanks buddy! I'm sure you'll be getting several!!!
Snow day in Milwaukee made better by the fact that I can watch the instead of listening in my cubicle.
lol yes! Her name is wonder why!!! Lmao!
#Family, #Church, #Fraternity, #Work, #Personal Business, #Social Life...what else...what more can I say...
Up before everyone watching Looney Tunes and having coffee. I wish I could spend all my afternoons like this!
CALLING ALL FRESHMEN! Yogurtland for freshmen on Thursday at 5:30!
oh I didn't know snooks and jwoww was gonna have a show but I already have pauly d's show on the calender so I can record it
Featuring multiple services from ignition repair/installation,
Does Brandon Stokley get back with Denver?
A life without adventure is likely to be unsatisfying - Bertrand Russell
Is it weird to wear a motorcycle helmet with a mohawk if you don't have a motorcycle? Because I'm pretty sure I'd look hella awesome.
Free Pool tonight! Steak Night Thurs. Food Crawl Event Friday Aug 26. We welcome Notre Dame Alumni for football game Sat. Sept 3rd!
Hubs: Honey, would u like a massage 2day? Me: Yes! Hubs: I knew u would say yes so I already have u scheduled for one this afternoon.
“: Both classes canceled tomorrow. F yeah greatest day ever! #sleepingin” I'm praying for a day like that! Lol
pretty sure it's 3pm eastern!
Big Win
luv so official! my jam!
I'm proud of my fam/cousins. We all doin it. Just like we should.
just read the story lmao bet he won't be runnin' 'round screaming "Rack City Bitch" for awhile!!
Can't get to NO from Jpn but someone represent at Science of Hotsauce!
We've got 2 free tickets to give away for the Boxer Rebellion show at Mercy Lounge in Nashville, TN tomorrow night. Who wants them?
is IXDA Baltimore looking for meetup locations?
It's Fujiyama Week!
We all do. More than ever.
Why are the only two teams I care about (Jets, Broncos) the only two teams trying to have awful drafts and take on Tebow?
sounds like a kid you don't need to worry about.
Josh, you are a dinosaur! Ha!
Looks like my 10 man fantasy basketball team is going to hang 1,000 this week.
which genre?
Yow. Kickin HuffPo's ass a little.
Finally going to FL in July. Havent a vacation for 3 years ever since my Dad passed away,Hopefully Ill REALLY meet my Idol, <3
Consensus goes 4-1 yesterday and we have 103 cappers with action posted so far this AM with 6 consensus posted all free
Just heard #NOFX get mentioned on
Busted my knee, got blood on my short
Walk up in the school Fuck Everybody.
Support local talent.
thanks for the mention! Happy Friday!
Blahh imma miss them so much.
I'm no longer in denial, speed does matter. What is the most effective & best form of speed training? Intervals, fartleks...? You tell me!
I totally believe that too HA!
You speak the words of my heart! I know the feeling all too well!
hog alright
How long will you be in New York? (Which dates?)
; so here's to everything, coming down to nothing. here's to silence, that cuts me to the core. *
bye twitter :'( my dad is also taking my comptuer away.... bye
Welcome to the hood! Best decision ever.
“Negative energy that comes at you in some form is energy that can be turned around – to defeat an opponent and lift you up.”
It's amazing how people can achieve such wonders when you give them the good information, environment, support and permission to fail.
agree on "lead with what you do" but even stronger if sentence 2 is specific. signature pieces/collaborations? approaches to tech?
I bet that bus is warm! Oh yeah oh yeah I second that! Was that a fart? No that was my voice box! Ur wat? O juice my juicy juice box
i feel like you ignore me.... :/
THIS!! ": And Chelsea are celebrating the FA Cup around Stamford bridge. BLUE is the fucking colour of England!!!"
Comon baby don't say that... it's just a front to
can I pleez get a followback thats it and thats all sweetheart :)
#railsconf we went to buffalo billiards. We needed some space.
The Bears of Blue River Festival Queen Pageant will be held at the Strand Theatre on Saturday August 13, 2011
bless your heart lol.
IKR! They were sitting right by the door the morning I left. #epicfail will not happen EVER again!
Or they're just hiding under tables, awaiting an apocalypse! “: I am pretty sure someone at Fox News needs a hug today.”
Thinkin abt changing 's name to TrillMomma bc she's jammin to right now.
I asked Doug 'why ya gotta be so mean?' he said that I'm meaner and I said you're the meanest!! We laughed
already did...dont be a stranger
Insist on yourself. Never imitate. Ralph Waldo Emerson
well that really pisses me off. shut up. you're about to get unfollowed.
Raining. Planning lunch options. My one free lunch for next 2 weeks . . . Hm.
Data visualization is one of my favorite things. :x (I also follow )
sportin' the sweatshirt this morning! omg!
Do you happen to know anyone who would like a more passionate love life and/or want to make extra income?
:/ RT Skeletal remains of woman found in wooded area in Medfield. Too early to know cause of death...
Go #tanaedwedd go!
Enjoyed speaking to Board of Washington Business Week today. Had active discussion on similarity of a Business Week event and a tasting
Watching House with the wife
hahahahahahah “: Everybody who played the mandolin was poor as shit until indie films had to make a fuckin' trailer.”
Oh cool! I just signed up :-)
We see this as just one step in the beginning of a long conversation about promoting rights of sex workers in the US.
takes home two Dove Awards! Congrats!
When jake doesn't text back bc he's too busy fishing <
Dexter was great last night!
#Artist invest in your selfs
how I love my biggest girl!
feeling so much better today
ikr! ive heard it!! i noticed that they kill me alot... R U GOING TO THE CONCERT IN JUNE??
hey girl:D
Going to fix a camper this morning! Well after breakfast at javacafe :-)
Finding the stream of brands you follow eerily quiet? That's because all the Twitter admins are at
Not happy about the new episodes of The Office. Not very funny any more.
you can never go wrong with the wizard's way.
aw man! I'll try anyway!
O___O DID you just dismiss me ? Smh you've been chillin with to much lol
thanks love, but you have no idea :/ and yes!! ill be in anaheim sat working the ronald mcdonald walk at the honda center
Candy kisses xo
Who wins a game between the Mad Ants and Bucks? I'm putting my money on the Ants.
Congratulations to Katrina and Abdus our new clients. We are looking forward to planning your wedding!
How do I always end up on the subway car with the "special" musical guests? It's morning, leave me alone sirs :/
Doors open! RT : “: Filming round new York today!!! Where to go...” you should go visit :)
what r u doing in Iowa??
Every Day I'm shuffalin......g'mornin my tweethearts!! Sendin lots of hugs & love to you!!!!!!!!! :-)
I DID listen to your music, i selected a poem i think is almost perfect for Your sound; You decide the level of perfection
nothing beats the dyson hand dryer.
good post thanks for the info.
I'm a happy woman #LAKERRRSSSSS 😝☺😍
I'm insane? Fucker, I'll show you insane! #gtfo yourself.
either that or fast food
I have a love/hate relationship with iMessage.
well, that was a bummer. at least we lost to a great team.
I agree!....if he wants a ring he better learn
Lebron carries the team in the 4th, Spo timeout, Spo "draws" up "play", Lebron used as distraction, Wade last shot.
Anxiety itself is neither helpful nor hurtful. It is your response to your anxiety that is helpful or hurtful.
I'm up Wat it do
Threw alarm against wall when it rang @ 2:30am. I feel better,You? Coming up:Austin teacher charged w/ felony for giving student Plan B pill
Jesus Montero flies out to deep center to end scoreless top of first for
why do you always have to be so cynical with everything?!?
Make that pdot as source.
Two cats sitting on me - really I like them, but why sit right ONTOP of me??
Call my house, girl.
I love how some women turn 30 and get all insecure about themselves so they post nekkid pics on Twitter to get male attention. God bless.
Call Tebow and ask him to pray for them
Unfollow this page and follow my new one
hey guys! thanks so much for following! (: in case you guys havent already, you should definitely checkout ! (:
thanks for the RT!
After my first sip of my caramel frapp with xtra caramel, I've decided I'm budgeting the 21.33 for the next 9 days of frapps.
should've stopped! 78 here yesterday...
Thank you for capturing the highlights, !
Kurt Warner Says Eli Manning Not A Hall Of Famer...
Got my sewing mojo back! phew! Worried I lost it there since Christmas. Knocked out a bee block and a Kindle cover for my mom this weekend.
My love follow me please I've been trying so hard.
Little problems, some doubts, big dreams, bigger reality!
When you are ready to lose 1-2lbs a day on the EASIEST diet with immediate & consistent results call 702.979.4424 www.lasvegashcg.com
Happy Birthday :)
For me? NO! It is my reality! BF ": Is it wrong to have a GUY bestfriend ? =.="
been good I moved out to the Tomball area. Are you contract or employed at the met?
Quickly followed by "whoa I kissed my sister..."
I don't mind the song. I'm just glad it's not a stupid swag kid song or something.
The mall.... Wow
We have EXCELLENT news for our USA clients! From next week an online shop for our extensions will be available for you! Yay! ♥
Grazzini is right. How many more fouls are Montreal going to commit before Stott gives yellow? Persistent infringement.
Right on, well I'll let Dan know that he continues to be more famous than I am in the Archives world :D
all quiet on the western front
Don't b stingy with #ThatDick lol RT : *side steps * “: I wana have sex ....ok”
Oscar Sunday means
> Stop by and try some of our Gluten Free Pizza, Pasta and Beer! Great lunch specials too =)
Awesome day at #SXSW today. Met authors: , , and Also ran into several #sxswsea folks.
You like my background on twitter(;
haha. Matches the number of times I voted for Megatron.
Don't forget to watch our documentary exclusively on iTunes tomorrow Margaret Thatcher: The Iron Lady.
I saw a dead bird flyin through a broken sky
Search 4 Griffin's Roost causes a Chrome Crash, and I think it is time to go to bed...#kindle says I'm 78% done with Dance with Dragons..
Running on a few hours of sleep blows
that's just freaking innovative - it shows that I am virtuous and might make oodles of $$$ one day
When my time on earth is gone, and my activities here are passed, I want they bury me upside down, and my critics can kiss my ass- RMK
Why do i even own a winter coat anymore?
lalalalalala can't hear you
#The Black Swan 2
Had a very good time at #WPA11. In sum: people dress more formally and speak less formally than I anticipated. Will adjust both for
Have opinions about #Eugene's Downtown Public Safety Zone? At 5:30 pm, share them at the Police Commission's forum at City Hall.
Everyone tell others about the competition... Once we reach 1000 followers. Whoever gives us the most shoutouts will win a Play-On bracelet.
Just in case you've been living in a cave for the past week, the NFL will release the 2012 schedule today at 6 p.m. Central Time.
Still awake. Ava's talking in her sleep and all I want to do is go grab her and bring her into our bed.
Right by the beach... Boyee!
turn down the sound and turn up WWL. You been her long enough to know that?
Awww I'm sorry :c You & ONLY YOU can get my 6100th tweet c: #Deal ?
RT : that's why i go to people more often than the google. but still not training dept #realwplearn < Agree!
I'm ready for love<3
Wow! RT : Listened to every episode of the and #68 was a personal favorite. So fucking funny. #theTooooth!!!
Seems like I was only falling in love a few minutes ago.. Now I'm falling apart.
Satan is now following me on Twitter! I said, ah hell no! And I blocked him! He's already had to much to do with my life.....
this is a perfect example of what happens to people who do too much theater.
humph : "Don’t give her that condescending look when she adds 3x times as much salt as you would’ve expected"
If it wasn't for my faith in God, I would have given up by now...#true story
Literally just watched a commercial that was so long that I forgot what other show I was actually watching....
'sup with ? OVERLOAD!
1. I know u work under Lucas and it doesn't change the fact that he's a bad influence. 1a. I hope u don't get paid for that
like really ? how old are you
i miss your kisses.
love this! “: Is it ok to stop for #coffee on your way to meet someone for #coffee?”
but how can you say for sure that the behavior on a "vacant" network will translate to mass?
Are you from Tennessee? because you smell like corn bread and you met your husband at a family reunion.
Just imagine how fun going to 's birthday party would be.
Music sounds better when I have my headphones in.
gimme some of that #WillPower lol...
okay son go to bed he rooting Lakers cause he got a yellow b-ball #fiveyrold....lol Im like no
Hang in.
Don't forget to enter our $25 Amazon gift card giveaway! You can enter once daily! goo.gl/co7d0
Hey I didn't realize you were following me. I'm following you back now.
that is why defenders don't take pk's. Another example - Terry PK vs United in Moscow.
I'm in. I just hope I can find a seat!
Well this season is over.
In most cases, Airlines will be prohibited from increasing the price of passengers’ tickets after purchase.
what you doing today!?
and weeezy kills it to
Probably not, but I haven't read that much about it before, only a little.
BEA Bloggers Update: Blogger/Author Jen Lancaster has been added 2 the conference! Details TBA.
that is so funny and very true
James "the real deal" Neal w the HT! Total sniper.
Great day creating relationships with camps and placing people in wonderful camp jobs! People making an impact everyday!
Early bird rates for The SMILE Conference expire Sept 10th.
G.M.N.I.: No, madame. I won't eat your cake or lick the icing off of it. Not 2day. Not 2morow. Not ever. Good day.
Tomorrow will be $3 craft beers from our summer list. Not sure if it'll be on Sats or Weds permanently, but we'll have weekly beer specials.
Good looks run in the family!!
Resist the temptation to want to have the last word all the time!
really this dude is skyping this girl on the floor with his sound system. HER VOICE IS SO LOUD!!!
AlchemyAPI is hiring a Junior Web Developer / Linux Admin in Denver, CO. -
Congrats on the launch! All the best! :)
I 2nd that! RT : You better come next year! cc
according to google maps it would take 5 days and 14 hours to walk from columbus to toronto
...respecting person who would do it solely for pride of country. Pound sand.
ATPT looks very good here!!
Knock KnockWho's there !Clark !Clark who ?Clark your car in the garage !
he, he me too :) Should we tell everyone?
Let's be naughty and save Santa the trip. - Gary Allen
Our first workshop of the day, Nuts and Bolts for Publishers, starting in just a few moments. I'll be your trusty correspondent.
I'm on the way!
Another fallen star with drug abuse history. Tired of this? We are. You can help us deliver detection tools to families who care
Where did the day go???
#NIKON would better. Their lenses are 99% interchangable throughout models and years. :)
love it when i make a $75 purchase online that doesn't go through but still takes the money out of my bank account
in the past two days my friends have found out they have jobs in vietnam and at the federal reserve in DC.
I love being able to be her man that she runs to when shes upset >>>
thanks! glad you liked it. And thanks for helping shoot it.
how about an update on baggage from flights such as Sat's VS019? Will Virgin compensate for temporary replacement clothing?
RT if you have RSVPed to #NZWineDay! Mark your calendars; the event takes place February 5th!
it's weeks like this i wish i had an assistant to tweet on my behalf.
It could be called "TUCSON."
21,000th tweet. Another memorable milestone. Dedicated to and of course. It's only the beginning, tweeps.
Drake! Damn sexy with his monkey ass
I am sorry will check it out, meanwhile I will email it to you if you let me have email address. Thank you Cheryl
Feeling is mutual! “: Super excited to be working with Submerge now! :) , you guys are awesome :)”
michellemalkin, ,All the Liberals/Progressives will be there to rally around him
Whenever a bird poops on my car, I eat a plate of scramble eggs on my front porch just to show them what I'm capable of.
My first child will be conceived to Knockin The Boots, Lmao
Gotcha. I went this past Friday for home opener and it was packed there. The vendors ran out of food!
me too. but i like to keep the cost of my edamame down, so i thought it was worrth a mention, you know.
Its so gorgeous out. Why am i stuck at work?
Whelp, the blog might take a little while longer to get set up. My classes are all (3) heavy and strong. Lots of discipline this quarter
ohh man I can't make it have fun hita see u soon.
I lovee youu and will always love you
Hope everyone had an enjoyable
RT : glad U like the WOs if u need anything let me know. I really like the back workouts with the exercise band on thegympro.com!
At my brothers basketball game in plum this is getting good lol
RT Wondering if is good 4U? Don't miss the 1st Her.mi roundtable w/ , , + more on Fri!
They are charging a hefty fee to partake in Red Arrow Park...not sure about participation...
Why do fools fall in love ?
I guess we won't get to see purple shirt guy anymore... #nomoregolf 😞💔
should be good. Congrats on the giants!
Getting to read an in-depth conversation about how to #catalog a video about #fracking is the reason I'm on
Wishing I was at #aam2012 right now. Someday I will be cool enough to be there!
baby can u follow ?
Every dance is a kind of fever chart, a graph of the heart. ~Martha Graham~
Dear kim kardashian, this is you without makeup?! Sincerely, wow I didn't even recognize you! :0 mylikes
our whole universe was in a hot, dense, state...
was the only one tweeting when the clippers was losing. Now everybody a fan smh
i'm in bed lol
Tomorrow's #earthday. What are you doing to show the earth how much you care?
lol well the same pretty much trying to build my career n u kno how that is but man we need to catch I only 15min away
Run-D.M.C. makes pretty much everything better.
I posted it on the page
running my desktop pc off a teeny little flash drive right now (i mean physical size not storage)...crazy how flexible linux is
Check relationship between GPA and business success. Innovation tends to originate from those who deviate from the norm www.demko.com
High-fit men have a 68% lower risk of stroke mortality than unfit men.
Watching lightens my day. I want Parm brioche!!
thank you thank you :)
That wasn't very nice....
Didn't mean to eavesdrop, you had me envision: Greetings, I'm a late Victorian teapot, short and stout. Here is my handle..
Brad paisley concert <3
I heard'em on my phone yesterday. Love the dance joint.
Working on #blackfriday sucks ass.Ppl goin crazy in this bitch..
Hopefully there will be a even bigger shit scene in this show
Change is the essence of life. Be willing to surrender what you are, for what you could become.
haha that I'm on spring break right now :P lol
Castle season finale so good!!! I can sleep well now.
Ah! Britta was Cary and Alicia's assistant on #TheGoodWife pilot.
Is it monday yet? Can't wait to get back to Colorado Sound and mix this new record!
Thanks for inviting us to your 20th anniversary party! It was great seeing everyone! Congrats on all your success.
my nigga green what up
The Gamma Girls are all over the place this weekend -- some out of town, some in. What are your weekend plans?
We want to wish everyone a happy and prosperous
Thank you, Sherry! Means so much to me. :) Appreciate all ur support w/ & My cats thank U 2.
call my house phone if you need me
At the beach with Bella, then anniversary dinner with Jenn.
Gusgus, you gonna make your nervous twitch worse!
Going through Sent mail to find work samples. Really glad the DMV got back to me on all those points-on-my-license inquirees I had in 2010
Playing the shop right now: Johnny Cash, on vinyl.
I have heard of a lot of people refusing to donate bc of their stance on LBGT issues, which i didn't know b4 this yr
#InTheSummer of 2012 i will fuck somebodies bitch and not no... oops! as my hand covers my mouth.
dont you think carissa and derrick rose should get married?
thank u for following me
The UK middle class have been looted 3x. 1st by Bankers, then by the gov't, and now by the poor. US is next.
Long night... Caught someone breaking in to the car.. That took all night but I gotta go to work!
This is the day the Lord has made; we will rejoice and be glad in it. -Psalm 118:24
is that what you ask yourself whenever you go shopping in Emeryville?
lol it's the Dar and Bu in our names!
I hate that Alabama's governor used black christians to make his anti-nonChristian comments
it will be come 2013.
People still want to touch and feel clothing. That's why Bonobos are partnering with -
Really considering buying the
HawthorneBV got holiday gift cards...buy $30 and get $5 for...drum roll please...for free! come by and get some for you family and friend...
Thank you, Kate! We appreciate your feedback.
Detroit Lions looking good for first drive :)
#CLIPPERNATION STAND UP 100%!! RT : All in! Time to close this out.
I have so much luggage I can't even carry it all. Today is already ridiculous.
23 And, in all, Enoch lived for 365 years.
RT Tweeting is a full contact / competitive event ;) nice to meet you today. That & follow back ;) Thank you for great
I think some one hacked my account. Its not me tweeting. Sorry
what are you up too tonight
speaking of that...im up there :)
whatever I have been fighting off the last couple weeks has started to win.
Getting a chance to help out with a VOGUE photoshoot this week!!! Thanks to my awesome friend Gustavo!
Facebook listen button - WPTV
Scott, let us know if we can ever help you or your clients with graphic or website design.
Such a busy weekend.. So happy to relax
Goodmorning & Happy Easter 💜💗💙🐰
Congratulations to clients ETR Labs and IAS America for their purchase of a 13000 sq. ft. building in Leominster, MA
My cursor always reminds me of Mickey's hand :)
is that a hill I see?
RT : TELLING: refuses to cover new report on Wall St ripping $8M a yr off from Denver schools:...
Tf you mean you didn't know i wanted to see you tf BITCH ITS MOTHERS DAY THE HELL FUCK YOU
dont we all!
Doesn't look good for me and that Adobe meetup tonight. I'm exhausted.
I say - get out from behind your computer and create face to face relationships - nothing really beats that, no?
Hope my friends Jeff and AJ are having a great time. Wish I was there!!!!!
The main thing I'm taking away from all this TV watching is how I'd very much like to loiter in Ina Garten's and/or Laura Calder's kitchens.
are you watching shame or whatever it's called?
Me skating is about as clumsy and adorable as a dachshund wearing tiny ice skates.
Let's face it though, the have always lived under the shadow of the The Gretzky Era was during the Lakers' "dark ages."
I know I read it in two parts. I want to read the book, but don't know if I have the stomach.
There was a moment when I tried to sit back & watch but they was too busy watching me.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream. - E.A. Poe
#ThingsIReallyCantStand.. everyone within 100 ft of me.
I've been having good days :)
" so you're telling me you're not gay?" Hahjajaahhhahha
That's a good or bad thing?
Canon U.S.A. Introduces EOS-1D C Digital SLR Camera Featuring 4K High ... - MarketWatch (press release)
is taking home the machine which has the installers after taking 2 hours to download. New software to play with YAY.
MT : If u haven't already picked up a copy of 's book, which comes out today, get to the nearest bookstore & buy one!
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese. As if I don't have enough on my plate.
miss you to girly:)
*sigh* it's gonna be hard to talk her out of that.... :(
My shiny teeth and me!
Which line were you supporting?
My head hurts so bad right now :'(
Hey Cincinnati - director will be on tomorrow morning at 9:45 talking about the April 15 DVD release.
can we get a url?
I can only dream to find one like them!
Jay Sean in the playlist 2nd time in the week
Haha I guess not
:-* talk to u tomorrow baby
Friday is a perfect day to get your hair done! Look fabulous this weekend!
Oh now it's okay I just found out Trey Songz is gonna be on 106 so I'm good :)!
#quotes You've got to seize the opportunity if it is presented to you.
Laser hair removal on my underarms...they recommend not wearing deo. And. I sweat a lot. laser is supposed to help that too
There's at least four cars of people talking to two squad cars.
I'm taking my grandma to bingo players , she loves bingo.
what did ya think of Joe Pride declaring Rain Affair "will win"? You must be pumped for a big day at Flemington
Haha why is math my favorite subject now?
my thoughts exactly...you just tweeted it before me ha ha ha
This was a tip from our Certified Service - no harm! :-)
Thank You Seals- Team 6. Huzzah!!!
RT : "im the setting sun the one behind the trees, the saddest one you've seen"
I'm not a doctor, and I don't play one on TV, but I do think you should drink some water.
looks good man .
Give your MOM a kiss, shes the only.girl that wont hurt you.
GET THE ONLINE SCHOOLS ROLLING
Damn I Need A Bed Timee! tF
nice, but it is ONLY tuesday...er wait wednesday your time...anyway it is only wednesday. watch out!
not to mention brides wear sleeveless gowns in holy places, places deemed sacred, this is too much. Wow!
Bc he feels invincible right now. Must be the boner pills he shares with KG. RT : Why is tweeting so wrecklessly?
Ctfu that just popped in my head!
Well son of a gun—I just won an Android tablet!
You people are crazy! I know...I can recognize my kind! ;))))))) Happy Hump Day!
If you write a review I'll give you a sweet coupon! Send me an email. BTW you guys are crazy!!!
Everyone has so much swag in their business professional attire
Why did I trade away Steven Jackson straight up for Chris Johnson this week??? Trying for playoffs... was I smokin crack?
haha. I'm not looking for any twitter endorsements. Enjoyed the study today though. Thank you
Let's go to the beach each Why is this catchy!?!?!?
Excellent! See you there!
she say wat i say i guess she a mockinbird and im jus tryna j her i guess im mocking bird...larry for u dumb niggas
living the dream
Shout out to the homie at that . He be killing that Twitter rollcall
Ok str8 like that "you played me that's fine karma is bitch and she will come back around moving on with life"
congrats on the engagement hope it work out...
You're on to our plan. Shhhh!!!
Also, our Boys Soccer Team beat GULLIVER today 1-0! Congrats on their first win of the season & 1st win @ Gulliver in ACC history!
OK , you just lost us with this Neil Gay thing. It seems desperate.
Any screen printers ever used black ink on french steel grey? How's the contrast?
I'm in #miami bitch
Watching Keegan Ruddy playing for Robinson High School seeing what the benefit of hard work
RT : "The Social Media walls are down. Time to collaborate and share work." OH by of
#NowPlaying. Tweet. Call Me.
ah well DM me on here .
If you haven't listened to you are missing out! Great talent.."everybody needs a little Sunshine" :)Give him a listen or 2or3....
Shout out and HUGE congrats to our own PR all star and now Marquette Law School grad! Congrats, James!
Looking forward to it!
interesting you bring this up. was talking about this the other day from a bloggers perspective. Xoxo
I had some vegan eel recently. It was surprisingly good.
Apparently Stevie Wonder is refereeing this football game.
How many twitter accounts have been created for kendall marshal's wrist? +/- 10
LB where we at tomorrow
An earnest commentary by a channel 11 reporter just reassured me that the Super Bowl proves that good wins over bad. What a relief.
Man is blowing up my twitter feed this morning. Tell the campaign staff to pace themselves a bit. We have 6 more months to go.
#GhettoCountryLoveSongs Man! I feel like a gangsta
i DONT WANT TO SEE YOUR NAKED TWEET PIC I QUESS IM SO CALLED A GENTLEMEN RIGHT
Great things happen 2 people that do great things;
Lets get on these push ups.... i like how i can get swole fast.... only in the arms tho!
Ahhaha that was one of the funniest episodes of modern family
#ImInTheMoodFor a big, yummy salad
My favorite part of #TheKentuckyDerby is all of the different accents I get to hear and mock.
it makes me feel great when people don't text back
THanx. I try to keep my pics entertaining! RT love the monkey!
I'm noticing that it can get quite hot down here by the equator.
Is this the new twitter everyone bitches about? This fucking blows
Coors light and hockey on a friday night! Join us at the new berlin ale house!
excited to have you as a part of the two weeks.
lmfao cuz u tweet about em everyday.... You going to D.R in the summer?
Confident to the point that they dont care what anyone has to say: DMX, 50, Nas, Jay Z, Bun B, Trick, T.I, Too Short, Kanye, Rocko, Dro
“: Guys who go in tanning beds #gay” your brother
congratulations! I forgot you were a senior!
but explain, wgat you mean ?
I wanna be sedated...
zipps are gone...bummer
I care about you,i know what makes you mad& what makes you happy. Ik when your birthday is. I payed more attention to you then you did to me
Machine Gun Kelly and reptiles...I love my life!
Gone Fishin :) Have a beautiful Saturday everyone xo
whisper-rap
First, find out what your hero wants. Then just follow him. Ray Bradbury
I feel you.. Some people choose to make the wrong choices now-a-days..
talking about how discussing data modeling in her XML classes is when the information "clicks" for her humanities students
I ❤ my girls!!! Especially that time and place where we let our hair down and have so much fun!!!
Just returned to Compuware after an awesome tour of #Detroit given by D:Hive
that game was so much fun glad I was there! Unfortunately work got in the way for today's. .
What up Boi?
a who won
I just finished a 3.27 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
FUCK THAT. come see me.
you'll hear it soon , they gotta come back to put the adlibs & other stuff on there !
where online am I able to preorder the Nokia lumia 900 windows phone? I thought it began today.
hey Twitter, we're back! Next meet Jan 21, 2012.
Reading in a quiet, sunny living room + coffee = HEAVEN
It was high social season in DC this week - Cal Ag Leadership, AgRee, BFRDP panels, random friends in for the Cherry Blossom Festival...
very dry Rose!! “: Chandon Rosé RT : We're popping pink bubbly for #WW! What's in your glass #winewednesday”
Im sitting next to you yet you still talk about me..... Wtf!?!?
I'm so sorry for your loss..
Our family just arrived in Macon, Georgia! Big get-together with grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins for a couple days
seems like da weather changing again...
You are the best lady... did yo see the new one I wrote:)! I know you'll like it:)!
MYSTICSOUL1 MYSTIC SOUL Jamaica Lives.... Wayne Russel and Mystic Soul for Jamaica's 50th birthday. Check it! youtu.be/sTMYdQGxM1s
lol its just hilarious how Sox fans talk so much shit like the kid on Newbury St last night after asking for drug money
Thanks for your generous contributions as a thought leader on #leadership Doug!
ha! gotcha!
Found a present in my secret hiding place that I was supposed to give to my sister last Christmas but forgot. What a shame, she would ha ...
I havent been on fb so I'm scared to stalk people..
whoops. My b.
Reggaeton major world commercial >>>
What do you need? (we do more tours, but also occasional Investigations)
You're already pregnant! You know, in the FUTURE
First soy pumpkin spice latte of the season. Now I need some pumpkin spice candles and I'm all set for fall.
The winds in ABQ are howling! The Pella Designer Series windows offer triple-pane, significantly reducing exterior noise. Call Jeff 362-0529
i actually may start to like demi since shes a judge on XFactor. Should i audition?
I don't make the rules I just break then ;)
Coming soon: A Concise History of the Qing Dynasty, Vol. 2 by Dai Yi. Order yours today at www.enrichprofessional.com
Puckerman's head looks like the landing strip on a vagina.
compared to me u are!!(:
I really need to start studying for the EOC for english. I'm so scared I'm gonna fail.
Supplying Brazilian Hardwood Flooring for over 15 years.
It's 3:41 in the FREAKING MORNING! And I wake up to a stupid watch beeping like there is no tomorrow! Ugh I just want sleep :(
Honestly, I do not care if you acknowledge me dude, what you do and say is to no concern to me. Grow up.. we in college #busteddboyss YUK!
Happy Holidays #TeenWolf fans! Even Mr. Harris wishes you a joyous break - then back to work.
My cute new follower>> :)
congrats you look super sexy. More than ever lol. <3
so,im like REALLY bored...CANT WAIT FOR TEEN WOLF!!
#CIO: why do we need these new servers? IT staffer: "because what we have is old & outdated." Bzzzzzt. Wrong answer.
that was awesome lol.
Bitch !! I can wipe off 90% of your so called beauty with a kleenex ^.^
suckin' on unlit cigarettes
Happy Mother's Day to anyone who wears the Mom hat! Wishing you a day filled with love and happiness! :) ♥ Mystikjipsy
I like what you said , I just hope you meant the Miami wins the Indiana series.. Lake Show chokes and Lob City moves on
That seems like it would be the start of a lot of injuries/broken bones unless they are wearing WR gloves or something
Thank you ma'am and will do. Have a great day. :O)
FBCD AMAZING!!! Slap that ask people
JOB INTERVIEW WEDNESDAY.!!! 🙏 thank you
You copied ME, yet you got a higher grade. WHAT THE HELL?!
Not if you don't do your shit. Lmao. Plus you still have a boss. Ahahaha
folks. My dude. #Reds up 6-5 thanks to that shot.
I would but I'm not a "normal tester" so oh, well
#oomf said ima die alone with 25 cats..lmao..idc i always say that anyways !!!
i love this fucking almond milk, it's like fucking crack.
's customer service really sucks. What bank do you all use?
We have a new server ready - vpn-sf32 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
At a bar in Inglewood wit babe (the Muzik is off the chain!!!!!!!
Once the problem is acknowledged, there is a flourishing niche of Addiction Medicine. Can be very helpful.
very true, but that's wat keeps it interesting because it alsway is changing.. it is expensive indeed
thanks. He is a cutie huh. . #Loveasa'ssmiles
Get down to the rink and help support the Dukic family. We're having a concession stand to raise money for them in their time of need
doesn't make a difference, the Redskins will outbid it.
interesting and makes me feel good but not true
Had fun shooting my new camera at Crystal Pier tonight. The D3 is killer in low light. Can't wait to try it at my next wedding in Stockton.
gn0d joined me @ hotel and has gleefully consumed tv & room service.
ROTFLMAO Love that woman. “: bless my Mother's heart, she just asked if you were running Hood to Coast?”
Nice shot and article ;)
nah i think she went to coral springs high im not to sure
haha I wish...nope just at work but miss you let's get drinks one of these nights!
Q1: Do you hire interns? If so, what do you have them do? If not, why not?
200! I feel so proud :D
I'd say that the accent almost more than anything makes you a "real" southerner...
please say that's not true :/ as a recent Cali transplant I'd probably have a heart attack!!
That looks to have been awesome! Also, for the record - Chumbawamba was serious as all fuck. People forget.
she doesn't, unless she follow you on twitter!
M strawberry Calpis!
Has everyone finished their Christmas shopping? I cannot believe Christmas is in 5 days! Crazy!!
Three wins and Djokovic beating Rafa = 2 seed at the French. I like the odds of that happening.
#operationfindnextgf She has to like my group of friends
What was the best April Fools joke you heard today ??
Your comments on the Scholarly Kitchen post are appreciated, but you'll soon learn it does no good.
yes, great meeting you too. Are you going to ASA this year?
So Cole Hamels wanted to send a message to Bryce Harper by hitting him? Wouldn't striking him out have been better for his team?
Always a pleasure, my lady.
Sad but true, Francisco is the #Mets' best closer option. Wasn't the bullpen supposed to be their strength this year?
RT : Any time you can dump a QB with mystical powers for a 35 year old guy coming off 4 neck surgeries, you have to do it.
That's a true blue friend...
Barron's: "Iran has threatened to seek the death penalty for speculators in the [dollar]...Argentina has been using 'dollar sniffing' dogs"
So much free time! Watching #sherlock and I love it!
GRAND OPENING of new FRIDAY party line-up "POP" 911 St. NW DC|POP's 1st Guest DJ: Lady Gaga's DJ spinnin the hottest music 2night
“: "Not all those who wander are lost." - J.R.R. Tolkien”
I cant wait to see !
~OMG, that's me~
Vegas tomorrow. I need some time off work; so I can stay up all night gambling of course.
Love Aimee Mann! Ken and I heard her at Luther when we were "dating."
HOLY HOOKER
well i can speak for me and my people...lol.. :)
Sorry you're sick! I'll email later in the week to get on ur calendar. Hey to Wilbur!
then you know things are sucking right now
u are amazing! i have known of your greatness since Terri R was my phone babysitter as a kid.lol much love!
open your eyes, dude.
I'm just chillen in my apt right now trying to figure out where is... Haven't heard from him
paintin my nails.
New Costume Navy Venetian Female Half Mask
So instead of doing my english, I'm sitting here watching family guy lol
“: For your fans' name: Blaine-iacs. Like maniacs.” I dig it.
a quiet space with the sun on my face and the only responsibility I have is to MYSELF.
ya did a great job :)
RT : Papaya aids in digestion and provides fiber that can help to improve bowel movements.
Pippy Longstocking. I wanted her independence and super strength!
#Knicks need to release baron davis's old ass & I hate LeBron
Why can't every day in January be this nice outside?
Elvis Presley performed in 837 consecutive sold out shows at the Las #Vegas Hilton Casino
''What's a link?'' hahahahahha
The scary thing is I tweeted that after his 2nd bomb. But 4 HR??? Ridiculous.
No problem dude.
“The only reason we don’t have what we want in life is the reasons we create why we can’t have them.” ~Tony Robbins...
welcome back to the homeland! Now quit whatever you're doing and let's hang out.
so boring...lol where are you at now again? lol
Go get the bastards.
Hanging out with Hannah and Avery! And my day was good really tired though! My voice is worst then last night;(
:) that can't be good for you
Q: Favorite Easter candy? Reese's Eggs, jelly beans & Peeps are some of our favorites!
Oops!RT : HA!! :-)RT : RT : You're probably naked under all those clothes. You slut.
"Everything living has the RIGHT to defend itself if necessary."
are you kidding! jenna nobody would forget about you! everyone here would be hurt if you did that. please dont its not worth it
Don't forget tonight's dinner special: baked ziti, garlic bread, salad, & sm drink for $7+tax! We'll leave the light on!
I love you. That is all.
My motto today, from the brilliance of my friend "Don't talk about it, be about it."
People are more willing than ever to accept innovative solutions. Not fake ones. | Dieter Rams
...not related to Kim Kardashian....she's a whore
good idea :)
But still, dude! I'm like sitting here all slow and you're like BAM Tweet back. xD
Need sleep
Spent $60 and it's not midnight yet
How's it going can you also get song placements
Thanks! One of my trainings for work got cancelled. Trying to find a decent replacement.
alright my job at canes is done.
OriginalOestrus it is delicious and so is root beer can chicken
Can't find pic of it but has 16 channels for effects.
Thx for sharing your #getoutandzip idea! Please DM us your Zipcard # so we can record your contest entry. Thanks!
Gotta love Rumi > - "Don't think the garden loses its ecstasy in winter. It's quiet, but the roots are down there riotous."
can you drive me to Vienna? My parents will be in Florida
Like everybody tries to be mixed talking about yes girl I'm black and native American......oh ok.
Another day Another $..
Wow.. That's original!!!
that's disgusting man
Save your back-to-school SHOEBOXES for the first Albuquerque Operation Christmas Child party in just a few weeks!
Shoot the cowpoke in you: hook your thumbs in the front of the pants. Try some leaning a dance a little jig.
#Fact I enjoying laying in the bed air the fan on but naked! Don't everyone?
So much on my to-do list lately. I need an alter ego super twin!
Talk to you tomorrow :D bye :D
Had a good session with earlier... now wrapping up a session with
Watched a very harold n kumar xmas w/ n funny as shit..go watch it n smoke 1 for me lol
Good morning! :)
My parents annoying . -.-
I heard your large waistline is due to the high sodium content in Fried Chicken, is that true?
J.Cole voice "FRESH ASS NIGGAAAA !"
Band Practice tonight?(: i think yes
Watching the fight at Bridges in Throggs Neck.
Is the stereotype "black women are angry" true? Why do you think the world views us this way?
RT : Pinnacle Cart e-commerce. R u using it? Give it a rating: 1-10 suck-awesome scale, pls? And do u sell file downloads?
I want to see you this weekend please! Also before you leave to go home!
I just LOVE sucking at tennis. At least i'm good at one thing, choir. Made the same ones as last year....
hipmonk seems to require I enter a destination. Am I missing something?
): I wish I could fix what went wrong... #FeelingBad ):
You are wild man... we need more like you in politics
ATX bound for the next week for hangout times and #sxsw. Say hello if you're in town!
in the building
The weekend's almost done, the moon is low in the sky I feel like going out before the night passes by.... Kuwait Time loool Not U.S.A haha
Whee! Got my first capoeira belt tonite!
We bouta get busy on the 6ers
I've just personalized X for Android with my Twitter posts!
m m good! enjoying some lunch :)
SHOUTOUT-----> <-------FOLLOW HER IF U LOVE ONE DIRECTION!
holy smokes 2 spine busters, 3 pedigrees, a million chair shots, and a tombstone and taker kicks out!please retweet
Pretty sure that this writing project and my spirits will be exponentially improved if I heave my laptop through the front windows.
My family loves the Cherry Limeade!
for the sake of your stomach I hope not...
#brand equity is the sum of all the hearts and minds of every person that comes into contact with your company
saw and ad for a trip to kenya for a safari. why can't we make this happen?
*slapmyfro* I must create this language.
I'm finnah have to cook after this second blunt to the head..
I don't think Anna's boyfriend likes us at lunch very much.. Were very awkward and embarrassing but that's what makes it so funny :)
On our way to get in the studio with
that guy in the stripes is an Oliver Hardy double
im nervous about this test result
GM ... It's FREEZING outside 💨💨💨💨.. Perfect weather 4 a BELLARGO HOODIE 😉
I really want to try using a turntable...what should I mix first? I need #goodmusic suggestions...and turntable suggestions haha. :)
If you got a direct message from me, someone hacked my account. Don't open.
Coffee at 8 PM = awesome music making capabilities plus hi hat induced panic attack multiplied by not falling asleep tonight
when someone close to u dies... move seats
the winner will be announced next week at the reunion show I guess.
I Hope to god they are, but Naw they in my lap top tho RT : lol they in cincy?
The short ones work, too, and seem easier to come by! Hm, wonder why that is...
why am i so tired today!!
#ICantDateYouIf you literally misuse the word literally.
We are overwhelming twitter with knowledge!
Same. It's to the point where I actually arrange my trip around going there
The key to happiness........"Doing what you love with who you love."
This has been a pleasant experience
where y'all play at?
your smile >
Things are well...staying busy!
Cintolo: "In this courtroom, it’s not proof beyond a reasonable doubt-ish. It’s not, not guilty-ish."
What I bought – 2 May 2012 - Comic Book Resources
Taking mini naps in between texts when you're laying in bed late at night.
Had an epically beautiful drive to Ukiah. This venue is Merica! Come check out a solid bill Ukiah!!
hmm the world will never know haha
- that's clearly insane.
High fructose corn syrup may contribute to cancer growth due to being high in compounds that cause tissue damage and feed cancer cells.
No! Chuck picked the #Lakers. They're doomed now.
Pop enthusiast.
good looks yo
why is that? Curious..such a water based plant. What is the vasodilator in it?
#questionsthatdontgetanswers Is that crosseyed person connecting with me?
Oh yea, since they just LOVE water ;)
This phrase works, no matter the side. Volunteer, VOTE. RT 6 days left. Don’t get angry. Get active.
I am listening to Cousin Brucie on SiriusXM
thanks for the @ mention
Have you been using the Business Center? It is perfect for homework or group projects!
Ways to get food. Ancestor: hunt, gather. Bird: fly agape. Me: trade symbols for packets. Cat: walk up to human, scream. Cat wins.
HOUSE is on its season finale. I had no idea.
would that be charlie?
Exactly...who has home court?
Still nothing...???
RT : bizarre isn't it? I feel like I fell thru the looking glass&ended up back in the 60's. Geez, I did this once before! lol
RIP Incognito. may ocean faires sing you to your sleep.
Wassup Everyone ? Mention Me (;
Migraine. Bummed. And now I have to work. Joy
did you even listen to those Voxer messages you sent? Lol
I hope to god I get my little girl , I've always wanted <3333 #iKnowHeWillTakeCareOfMeAndHisKid #IHateMyFamily /:
giants won
oh and you could never go wrong with a BMW .. Im not a fan of the benz... Unless its a coupe :)
Will I read now, or will I fall asleep with the complete works of Poe on my head?
Ortiz Middle School Marching Band-Houston Directed By Roderick Kennedy Selected To The 4Th Annual MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston 713-953-1633
MT Great TEDxUSC talk by Prof. Douglas Thomas on innovation and the importance of ASKING QUESTIONS [esp. in #highered].
If had an instagram>>>>
i wouldnt like this world to change without me.
got a wedding, after that not sure. Whaddup?!
The fact my mom thinks I'm made out of money. Calm down, it should be the other way around lol
'I know my chickens' Mario Alberghini.
" Poetry In Motion "
OMG YES!! if she ever signed me i wouldnt wash it off until i got it tattoo'd on lol
Amplified word of mouth of positive or negative experiences via social media will make or break healthcare orgs. via
Going to the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra classical roots concert.this afternoon...SO Excited!! :-D
Israel has a right to defend herself until the attacks on Civilians stops. Why are you saying that they are shunning a truce????
In Our Schools: April 19 - Wauwatosa Now
I'm bored in this damn class my computer taken 3years to loade uugghh -_____-
thank ya(:
For a pessimist, I'm pretty optimistic.
I like to ask if it moved them, spoke to them, if they thought it was beautiful or ugly (as appropriate), then why.
Best Coast - Boyfriend
Listened to Sweet Caroline about 30 times today
occasionally i'm blown away by strategies. this is awesome
lol this is the last weekend that will be dedicated to books for a long while
Went to the Shedd Aquarium for the first time today... Not sure it was worth the money. :/
Its Mothers Day we will have hours today from 10AM to 3PM. A gift from Soap and Spa Essentials will bring a smile to your mom.
which part?
Corporation,n:an ingenious device for obtaining individual profit w/o individual responsibility. Ambrose Bierce
#Tigers game rained out, listening to fresh new album.
thanks for the follow. Good luck tonight!
Just posted the selected films from Program Two for the Festival, these films will play Sat/Sun the 11th & 12th at 1pm
RT "United Way raises $5.1 billion worldwide." - UWW President &CEO Brian Gallagher
Doesn't the DC figure suggest the limitations of per cap income as an indicator?
my ex calling my phone asking if she can stunt with me
i am, but im being serious. i wasnt joking around
So true. The delight of watching TV shows whenever I damn well please (and not on VHS) hasn't worn off for me.
"The Muppets" is good, but it overemphasizes sweetness. More Marx Brothers lunacy next time, plz.
Wow! When are you going to find time for all that reading?
haha! better skip rather than watching this fuckery..on which channel was it btw.
I'm teaching a class & giving a presentation next week and I'm freaking out. Will I ever stop being so nervous?
ahahaha hahahahaha Johnny I swear you're the funniest!
I love how much you love Mariah! So cute :)
we'll be sharing why women leaders are needed in Milwaukee and how to get involved!
Preparing for the worst, hoping for the best
..what up Zo
on what
Funny, I attended that talk at SXSW :-)
Future possibilities: Direct links to data, controlled vocabulary, links to publications, expert view (technical metadata)
LOL this account is dead.
Ayee' Guys I'm Back I Havnt Been Here In A Long Ass Time!!! Anyways Please Follow Me!!?
Left untreated malaria takes about 2 weeks to kill u
Miami HEAT vs Chicago Bulls. Let's go HEAT!
Hi tweets! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
that's cute
yes she is...but it's a tie.
Thx for speedy payment!! Made my Saturday!
virgin lungs, until she met a real nigga.
“: Some of these guys are just talking to females just to get inside there pants”
good except for it is really hot we r in a drought and it gets bout 107 a day other wise it is pretty good
Time for work duces :)
Tempted to watch TINY FURNITURE for the second time in 24 hours just to relive the pain of being 22 and an idiot.
I know how you feel
How do u go to 3 different wine and spirits and every one was closed, thats gay
we should go celebrate with the penguins in antarctica 🐧 ? 😁
State Patrol: Capitol is shut down. Not letting media in.
Investing ANY more resources in it now strikes me as madness (not that it was a great idea to begin with).
we have those behind the back shots with spins lol . And the legendary #ghostserve lol
I now can send flirty tweets to Justin with out feeling #bad!! :P because
they say I gotta booty like free...
Wow! We got to play the same stage as Jimi Hendrix tonight. What an amazing show and great crowd!
My family held on to me tightly I herd sounds that were strange to my ears In the sun it did shock me The sounds were just what I’d feared
exactly. Disgusting.
One of the better things about the return of fall... butternut squash soup is back cafe. Dreaming of lunch already...
#ManRules you have a problem? Say it to my face. The basketball court is the only time I go behind the back
Still feel like a truck hit me. Been three weeks like this! Ugh
After a trip this weekend, wanted to point out that the Android app is fantastic.
If you not already tune into www.thespyfm.com for my girl from also 1 1/2 of loves you katie<3
Does anyone else here think that Blogger is a piece of junk? Or is it just me? Just sayin'.
A caller asks Specter: If GOP convention brokers and he ends up nominee, what would he do? w/o blinking, Specter lays out agenda.
Tumbling < Pickle Juice
Nobody wants to win this one I guess
Hey, you might want to revise your Twitter bio.
Star Wars Episode IV: A Pre-Owned Hope
"All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them." Walt Disney bgr8now
“Don’t fall for the myth of the natural leader,” says “If you want to be in good shape, you have to train every day.”
Don't make assumptions. Assumptions create turmoil. When in doubt ASK!
is it may 7th or may 14th
G'Night -- thanks for tuning in!
fuck you mean !
Highlight of the day was seeing walking the streets in gear. What a smooth dude.
I would ask you to follow me but you already are<3 I love you. (:
since you don't have a Facebook anymore we are celebrating 's birthday May 11th.. trolley around
Give up and nothing happens. Keep going and watch the magic!
So...whatchyall up to today?
Aww... so cute.
I tried to sit on a corn flake, but the van never came :'(
To you as well! : #HappyHumpDay TYVM for following
I will look for it and let you know :) I'll be out your way on June 21 and June 22nd btw
#ihavenotolerance for remaking of classic 80's movies. It just doesn't work.
i put you In a limo I'n 2000 at JFK. You was a humble cat then and I respect your music and acting hustle.
VanNuys Court this morning. Should be nice and HoT at 100 plus degrees in the Valley.
Terrific massage and nap this afternoon...now for an espresso and I can face a new week of work!
Remember this weeks promotion ends on Sunday @ 11pm. Get your jolt of java today just mention boost22 and get your free iced coffee.
Now at home--catching up on house duties; looking ahead to last few weeks of the semester; looking forward to #Kzoo2012 soon.
great shot!
Ohh, thats cool(: what city do you live in?
twitter beef? more like being mad over the internet but not doing anything in real life .. haha just be frriends
Love that little mic flub w/ Ali Sweeney. Was she speaking in tongue?!?
Surely I'm not the first parent to start googling "baby allergies" to be detoured by "baby alligators for sale."
Those were days.
haha how tall were they?
Spotify is by far a better app on the iPad than the iPhone.
#inhighschool I had every color dickies an fatboii socks
S/O my bro and the homey #YOUNGNIGGASWINNIN'
aww girl im not gonna lie i don't miss the place but i miss the people:) and dude i was a great teacher..
- it's all about the reading of poetry, no?
Gonna retweet an old tweet of mine cuz it's real-Cheez Wiz in your fanny pack is a new upcomin thing, watch out.. O also artist James Clar!!
For the love of God and all that's good...
Pumped to see Chandler Hoffman for today. He has chance to be that natural scorer US Soccer has never had. He'll be real deal.
Hell yeah Hell yeah, hell yeah Fuckin’ right Fuckin’ right, all right
will I receive half the revenue from all purchases? ;)
Good afternoon everyone! How was your holiday weekend? Nothing too crazy I hope!
Sauna + steam room + chipotle= cured hangover.
how was it?? I wanna go there!!!
I love this song
#ALL THE GOOD EATING HABITS
Thank you very much for the follow. I like what you have going on here.
rather than wage a war on women, why not wage one on the LOOPHOLES that allow our jobs to be outsourced?
i felt like that on thursday night!!! its such a scary feeling O_o
hey....i like to drink
These are awesome recs! And near to my place too (I'm near Columbia Heights). Thanks!
nice! Please tell her thank you!!!
I am fully supportive of peer pressure in this situation :)
Hong Kong Phooey
Answer our earlier question and win a plush throw. Tweet True or False using #acsskin. RT and get a second entry!
We're sorting through all the entries for our little year's supply giveway and putting them into a giant fedora ...
and remember most iPad use is on WiFi, indoors!
I don't understand why people put spaces before a period in their sentences. Ugh!
Can anyone tell me; what is the significant difference in Regular Radio (AM/FM/Shortwave/Satellite Radio), and the amazing Internet Radio?
Nigghas Dont Want They Name Tatted On Yuhh They Just Want Tuu See If Yuhh Dumb Enough Tuu Do It
Follow us on Twitter and find out where our will be tonight and with who. RT!
I'm neutral on this game, but hopefully the #Steelers can make some halftime adjustments and make a game out of this. #Packers are killing.
What's up with all the high school cliques having the one blk goth dude with the relaxed hair? What the dudes deal?
Everything > School
Bahahaha. I mean, I would've done the same. She was getting clingy, taking over your life lol.
"I hate the man in the mirror, cause his reflection makes the pain turn realer"
cabin+in+the+woods
Happy birthday double dog-balls
The "American Reunion" billboard campaign is approaching "Whitney" levels of saturation. Does Jim and Michelle's marriage end in sweatpants?
wish today was friday do not feel like going to school tommorrow
Secretary-General: "And the absolute numbers of people living in slums continues to grow."
But at the end of the day, it's all about screen rez for me, and the Lumia's screen looks cheesy compared to the mighty Retina.
Erin Coburn responds to why do you do what you do: For the community
Say, "No," to perfectionism, shame, guilt, and blame. Say, "Yes," to control and self-management.
thanks so much fooofffff
John Wayne kind of "went in" in this movie El Dorado
and how about Reference Ripple, Circulation Swirl, and Ranganathan's Raspberry Rules
Who's recording with me thelis weekend...? Sunday its going to be all day recording!! :-D
"I hate bouncers that take their job way too serious. You're a bouncer at a shitty bar, not a secret service agent"
agreed, but the MLB has to do something about the horrible umpiring this year. Those pitches we're even close. Embarrassing.
Sean Avery is a cancer
If i had a real job, or three, I'd love every second of it.
Anita. Nice to meet you. Gotta trust there are better days ahead for him. Thanks for your support to the cause!
RT if you wanna text me
You can Tweet & Bee on facebook but you can't make time to talk to me ? Alright .
The things they carry
it's funny because in NHL12 I had a series shutout against the Kings.
2 more weeks till the #indy500 ready to spend the weekend
shout out to great working with you!
wow....u really are an apple..
Gotta get this science project and essay done
I'm doing my laundry & my mom screams at me to come watch tv with her :)
google it if it does not open
I was joking but alright
Envision any locker room problems if Oriakhi joins UK and sees limited minutes?
Oh, but points off for making that tweet rhyme. BO
Before a performance drink water or herbal tea. Caffeine (coffee, Tea, Cola) should be avoided as it dehydrates the tissues of the body.
attended Fl Bar mid-year meeting and #eminent domain committee mtg - some interesting case law developing out of 5th DCA
enjoy your day!
Um, I wanted to go so bad, let me know how awesome it is:)
Wtf? How is that a foul?
Gotta go with Decastro at 24. Then I'd immediately try to get 25-28 by trading one of their 7th round picks and maybe a 4th
you forgot me at the airport.
LOL Did We Really Say That? Wtf Were We On Hahaaa
DUBAI- Abu Dhabi developer will build a branch of the LOUVRE in late 2013, as told by The Tourism Development and Investment Co.
how are you?
We're all excited for the upcoming release of Salesnet Mobile. Putting the finishing touches on now. Try the beta if you haven't already.
Wondering if 1D will ever come to Hawaii...crying myself to sleep. Lol, jk. But I really am wondering.
Interesting that it seems to view you the same way. :-)
Well that deadline snuck up on me. Looks like it's going to be a working weekend.On top of that -- a cold. Great.
My research findings suggest that the ancients were probably more "scientific" minded than generally accepted.
Gorgeous day today! RT : Not a cloud in the sky. NICE!
I love my new twitter name. :-)
RT : Is this some kind of jump ball record?
Floyd stop running your mouth and step up to the best. Scarred
There is no freedom, but the quest for freedom, that search is what makes us free. -Carlos Fuentes
found your blog by accident and I'm SO glad I did!!!
I dig the tilt-shift technique you used on a photo on the blog!
"Discipline doesn't prevent bullying because discipline doesn't prevent bias." director at Dept of Ed
I woke up wanting chocolate chip cookies... what the hell is wrong with me?
Countdown to #SherlockPBS & livetweeting for the Best Coast with your hostess with a slow laptop but an RT button to make up for it... ^DDA
Tonight's event: Headed to 's monthly art event in a bit for release and tunes!
The flower makes u look sincere and sexy, u may think that u look angry in this pic but I see beauty surrounded by beauty.
Best way to get out of a text convo: "The message couldnt be delivered due to a temporary network setup error. Please try later. Error 2128"
I volunteer as tribute.
What are you doing tonight?!Broadway bar right???;-) Hottest new night on Fridays in SA! NO COVER $2 Drinks!!Arrive early $50 bottles!!!
Keep your Ouija board free of gum. I just spent the last hour talking to someone named "Mlmlml" who was difficult to understand
Here here instant access is not only what we want it's what we need!
The Golden Globes are on! Yippy. :)
“: I Hate Stepping In Wet Spots With New Socks >.<”Shit be the worst jus makes me 😡
You Be The Anchor That Keeps My Feet On The Ground, I'll Be The Wings That Keep Your Heart In The Clouds..
When you bring up subject [x] by saying, for example, "We needn't mention [x]," you're using PARALIPSIS.
GRENADE- BRUNO MARS
Last night the 76ers 86'ed the Chicago Bulls 79-78, ending their '12 post-season.
I'm having a serious sushi craving. May have to break down and get some for lunch tomorrow.
why can't you?
lol im pretty good :) just got home! Wbu?!
who would've thought..
If you would clean your house - I'd come over more often :)
Isn't he fabulous!!!
Come join Bull Moose Party, Constant Alarm, & the NRIs TONIGHT as they rock | $10 | Doors open 8pm
#NJDevilFans visiting the 2morrow join us at the PENALTY BOX is ready!!!!
just add a little Tajín and #baam good to go.
Infographic: Mortgage Rates
I knew that's what ya meant. No worries :)
You are your own individual
Morgan has like 75 PA, a rather small sample size. Related: Matt Kemp is not going to end the season anywhere near .400.
Heart in one direction Mind is 180° from that
Need Radio promo for your club/party/event. Contact for more info
Why didn't anybody tell me Star Tours is closed and rekaunching in 2011?
Great weekend in #KeyWest - now back home to #Weston and back to offering the best prices on #printed tees and #embroidered apparel!
i dont do cheat days. i dont struggle much. planning and creativity are key. we eat some damn good meals so we hardly crave
hey should I come by and get donations tomorrow?
If you have a great photo of people in action send it to and it could be published in the Chicago Citizen.
“: #JustForToday Practice Solitude>The best thinking has been Done in Solitude. The worst has been Done in turmoil ~ Edison” LOVE!
he said, "happens all the time", but we didn't even think about her comment. So email to claim YOUR prize!
Thank you so much! And thanks for coming out and being a part of it!
What happened?! What'd the new ICONiacz do?!
One down. Three to go!
Here We Go Again♥
“: I CANNOT WAIT FOR THE NEW SEASON OF #KUWTK OMG.”. AMEN
buy a car from them and call me for an oil change
GM yall. I slept late and breakfast is so delicious.
Economizing means sometimes taking connecting flights. Good news. We got into Chicago on time!
uh I don't think I've ever seen that in a rule book. & did Dillon tell u that? His family loves when I take their dog on walks
Rick Carlisle agrees to new deal to coach Dallas Mavericks Rick Carlisle has agreed to a new contract with the Mavericks that will
the weather is stupid here right now!
Nice! Love the logo too.
ok here we go again sittin at the oncologist waiting to see if i still have to worry weather or not i still have cancer.
Nice to meet you too :)
what is your favorite advertisement of all times?
Thank you =)
#Iam Pittsburgh's Premiere Semi Pro Basketball Team.
OMG! Richie just put prenantal pills between my pillows & on my bed. The smell just made me sick!
Me too! I hate paying money to do a chore I already don't like. If someone charged me to dust, it'd never get done.
should I stop being the way I am ... Umm NO !
give us a follow and we can talk.
It better not be windy again today. My park schedule has been messed up because of it. I'm on PO'd puppy without my park time.
Phone patron wanted hold on Shelters of Stone by Jean Auel. In junior high we used to read the sex passages to each other.
Sitting on my back patio appreciating the simple things in life. #Fireflies. They are actually pretty cool to observe.
Hey all, only 5 days left to help OSO provide music opportunities to our talented Troops @ www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff!
"He who walks in silence quarrels with nobody" Swahili Proverb...
I feel like listening to Tupac.
THANK YOU SO MUCH! :)
yup. that means a full dose of Braun who I thought played pretty well under the circumstances.
Because it was over I think.
Fall warehouse sale! Chicago design house’s overstock bedding/pillows/table linens/EVERYTHING 4 up to 80% off! www.unisonhome.com Fri-Sun :)
Having addressed the Internet, we await the Internet's reply.
Glad Favre thinks his indecisiveness is funny enough to parody in an ad. I'm sure the Vikings think it's HILARIOUS too!!
Video: on restoring the economic security of middle class Americans. #Obama2012 OFA.BO/ijTVb7
Thanks for the follow, James! I work in the same building as the What a cool idea...
I can tell from our icons and bios that we are meant to be friends :')
After two days, 1100 miles, listening to radio thru small Nev/Cali towns and a tire blowout in Grants Pass-I'm in Vancouver. Good2Bhome.
Have you checked out Google Listen? It's podcast-specific. I just downloaded it today, so I can't make a real recommendation.
Today was an amazing day, I'm so beat and I can't wait to eat for the first time
I hate when people don't put stuff away that they used
I honestly love his hair both colors, so it really wouldn't matter to me. In the end he will still be sexy.
Got that ass in check
Those people who say they have to go to bed and it's only 9 <<<<<
What did you think of Glee?! :D
The name is starting to grow on me. Better than his runner-up option: Mega World Catastrophe.
Thanks! RT : Hehe and I just high fived on behalf of PA stealing and !
and remember georgia library folks, get your FREE webjunction georgia account now at ga.webjunction.org if u don't have one already.
Yes, via my work email only. Thank you.
Ain't this just like the present, to be showin up like this...
The secret service guys that got caught buying whores were upset until they realized that James Bond is usually caught the same way.
