Destination web standards, semantic markup, efficient css. Students are well on their way:)
YES THUNDER AND LIGHTNING! MY FAVORITE TYPE OF WEATHER
A #Taurus knows why you lie.
Why is it so windy
destroyed my iphone...cant see to text or make a call..can only answer
RT : Want to know where I am today? Follow #3AF!
that is true (in this case it is) i think i've just picked up a new hobby...
I can stand at a party by myself, ok?
i like PSANDERS! :D Dude, did you not watch his BlogTv? HES REAL! & legit touched me! <3333
#Followus #Denver #Colorado #ShineYourDivine event in June will raise your #vibration and that of the planet!
yes talking about action ...forever......is not the same as actual action im in total agreement :)
Please tell Crosby to stop toying with these orange jokers and get 4 in a row.
can't wait 2 c #believe on my honeymoon in July! It'll b my 2nd time n hubbys 1st! Can't wait 4 him 2 experience
Just heard the lovely 's song "You Are" on <3 Such a wonderful surprise! Great way to end my night!
Example: Romney is somehow anti states rights despite the notable obstacle of being a Republican but only on social issues like gay marriage
Just walked into Home Depot. Forgot how much I enjoy the smell right when I walk in.
White people...
Still even in the English coverage (which has gotten much better) it doesn't seem to be as big of a talking point.
I will !
Just randomly woke up and I am so glad I did. Apparently Lexington is on fiyah and #LexingtonPoliceScanner is trending. Hahaha holy cow.
59 days until the Indianapolis 500!
Yes, there is a full state of the art gym w/ TV's on the Cardio Machines.
Someone pick me up and take me to the reserve game
typical friday. although its quiet in the office today
saving some for me? you are too sweet, kumar.
Time to Vote
Hangin out w/alumni bros from xi n zeta chapter!
: That awesome moment when you're telling a lie and your best friend notices and joins you.
< Hi, Diane. Thanks for the follow!
Oh ...my...god. I'm in love with #UnderTheMistletoe <3
Atlanta, Dallas, Houston, Cleveland, San Diego. #AmIRight?
Virtue has never been as respectable as money. ~ Mark Twain
hey I just met you
Do you have a location for us? SDCHC is 1 of 2 nonprofits in SD to win Chase Community Giving Campaign #getinvolvedSD!
It gets a bit grim.On the other hand,today's winds are 17-24MPH.So, I guess it's the trainer for me :-\
could say the same about you!
Gwen Stefani's Harajuki Mini clothing collection for kids debuts at Target in Nov. Everything under $30
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways Not be a douche around his friends.
Happy mothers day to my mom. My best friend in the world. I love you!!
West Mifflin Area Middle school we'll see you today at 6pm with and the street team!
Let's Go Mavs!!
does that mean you're taking me out?
Mila is just GORGEOUS! Congrats girl!! So happy for you!!
#WhenIWasLittle me and my brothers would wrestling in the living room
did you get to see the video's
How can you hate him for that? Have you seen the script? Him keeping that film from being made is a Godsend.
I had a great Easter :)
how has the feedback been on the new exam form in ActivEHR? Love the simplicity over software with a barrage of fields.
I'm so out of it today.
love y'all!
My commutes are sucking my will to live
the beauty of a concert at Ravinia on the lawn is you can take your baby with you :) Already planning what concerts to see this summer
At Hotel Vegas for the Strange Brew showcase. The Zoltars sounding great.
Sota! What are you up to tonight?
I think my #Visa is tired after today....
You + Segway = Danger Will Robinson!
Just thinking about you this morning! STAY YOU! Don't Change! Walk It Out To The Fullest Lady!
They just have a huge library system. It's kind of amazing actually. Reminds me of Ohio.
I bought stretch jeans today. Not the "sexy second skin" kind. Straight-up fat pants.
When William drop-kicked the doors. Oh lord. :D
well hello!
You may be able to do with monitor.distimo.com. You may want to ask around.
1000 FULL color CDs in full color eco-wallet with shrinkwrap for $990! Hit us!! It's for real. We don't play games.
Never move backwards...
i'm dealing with the idea that college starts tomorrow and i've to get up at 6am :'(
#Giants lose by 25, #Rutgers loses by 18, and I lost in fantasy football by six tenths of a point
fucking disgusting lol ...never again ...unless its a Sunday and there's no other option lmao
Life's meant to be enjoyed, seesters. Eat healthy, but tasty. Exercise hard but, take time to relax. You are special.
one line comes to mind in particular. Something about "who the f*ck are these guys?" or close to that.
Don't forget, classes are now just on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturdays.
it's days like these when i wish I had a big yard and a pool.
I really want a FCKH8 tee shirt from fckh8.com ! They're amazing!
Walking Dead season finale!
RT Strangers smiling at strangers on the street. Isn't it uncanny how the nicest people end up in Houston? via (#HIWI)
Ok it is that time.....need to crash. Another 'oilchange' coming up on Monday and well the early sched is needed....so....
thank you....
I am still exhausted from all of the Black Friday shopping. Never again.....never...... again
Getting ready for a swift caffeine punch to the head. Bring it on!
Yours truly has a job interview in the morning. Thank you for hiring me!
It's cool when you go on Facebook to write to your friend... Come to find out she defriended me. That's cool
thanks! yeah were goin places! Be on the lookout at Monarchy in June for EP Release Party!
I can only laugh now.
r u keeping it long on the top?!
what the heck! Lord please calm me down before i go OFF. these demons testing me foreal
But I will say, that Footnote makes it clearer. Not sure if many schools take heed here b4 "fear-factoring."
Dragging myself out of bed this morning...
Leap, and the net will appear. John Burroughs
No matter...I plan to spend 85% of my time in a restaurant ;)
Follow Genomics team from MCW at #fogm12 Howard Jacob tweeting today
Haha! We've considered. But we want to make sure we don't get married for the wrong reasons and become another statistic lol
This game feel like a regular season game smh
Greetings all the way from Seattle to NY to my friend ! Will I see you and in July in the PI?
I wish I was on spring break right now. If I was, I would totally be at for #brunch right now. :)
Missing the tourney today since i'm sick as fuck
Schefter reporting that the 49ers are the "sleeper team" that is now considered a finalist for #Manning but Den and Ten still the favorites
no air<333
yumbutter now at Willy Street Co-op East AND West! ch-ch-check it out and help us feed a kid in need with our BuyOneFeedOne.
its almost the weeeekkkkeeennnd!!! goes to show how much i hate school
a record player!
OH: I don't know what an ovary looks like. They're round, right?
work it shaquanda
pretty girls get everything. Lol.
or cheese.
Ima Make A Remix 2 Trust Issues..
On my way to Colorado Springs for the day - working with USA Archery. Great day ahead!
I don't want to be a cheesy #quote machine but I did find some doozies researching my #autismpositivity2012 post. So....
Even though I feel like crap, I am determined to make this day great.
Indiana Jones!
“: It's time to choose: Frankie or Bendo?” they are both great. Got Frankie tonight.
Sitting in a Panera waiting for a co-worker so we can go close a new contract
thanks for the ff! Much appreciated. :)
-- It's my first! I figured I should run 26 miles when I'm 26 years old.:)
hey so anyone up for a 10 for 10?
Have enough sense to know, ahead of time, when your skills will not extend to wallpapering
In class tweeting you, will you please follow me? <AB
#TeamDroManoti #follow his follows back!
We want to keep all the curvy girls looking #HOT this summer! Help us out and tell a friend to follow!
80 and sunny? Why yes, I will enjoy my first day of summer, thanks.
Is apparently all things Alaska right now.
Does that mean I should take Perea off my fantasy team?
wonderful again.
Wizards of Waverly Place is on :')
oh yes! Very close!! Cannot believe its december tmw!! Hoping the ustream works on the 17th! Lol! How r you? How's the fam?
Hate waking up early.
We can save you a lot of cash when you bundle your CDs & custom tees. It gives your bottom line the warm & fuzzies... Hit us!
#ucda just finishing registration!
ha!! im being productive sistaaa!
Come to the Open House Today! 4pm-8pm at The Robert Zemeckis Center!
Burnt tongue:/
I think I need to find some real food. ice cream isn't food group. I checked in-depth & all said no :(
If we're not supposed to have late night snacks....why is there a light in the fridge?
I feel like you get a cut whenever you are bored because it's such a cool spot to kick it
AVATAR New York Office is now officially open and there will be many roles for the US & Canada that will be posted shortly!
The InterGrowth Opening Keynote & Lunch with the Honorable Dr. Condoleeza Rice is just about to get underway.
Bagel guy = not as cool as halal cart vendor
My name is synonymous with prominence
Please join my pre-service teachers and I at 4:15 PST. They are brand new to Twitter!
Taiwanese scientists succeeded in created a new breed of glow-in-the-dark pigs
Our brain often obstructs what our heart desires and wishes to get.
I love thunderstorms during the day.
Just got back from the 14-candidate City Council debate. Hepburn absent due to asthma attack. Hughes declined to appear.
Archive friends, I have a researcher who needs a "rootsy" black and white photo of a figure on a trail walking into the woods. Ideas?
its w.e bruh im here
True. MT : We are in the business of refreshing identities of our customers. They don't buy products, they buy identities
Good good good. It's gonna be a blast, as always.
Probably for the best...everyone here is probably watching hockey anyway.
Awesome rehearsal!
Goodnight Facebookers and tweeters. sleep tight :-)
who's appearance was more important? or
On the speakers at Coffee Bean: "rock, rock, roll, Plymouth Rock roll over..."
Al Harrington channeling 2005 Tim Thomas *gets giddy*
Matty! You're cover of "What Makes You Beautiful" is amazing! Keep up the good work sweety! :D
Must throw some #TVD love into the #FF mix today b/c that finale was pretty sweet. Follow best EPs ever and !
Our Singer/guitarist Chris Butts finally got a twitter! Go follow him:
That's the thing! I'm cool with every other storyline. But football at a TX high school is king. You don't cut it after a week.
Whenever I play #TheGameOfLife I always choose the doctor as a profession
i havent talked to you since the dark ages -__- how you been
yes..clouds followed me all the way home last night from Boston...they won't leave...until our next storm arrives. ;o
Anyone know a job where I can get paid to read about the Vols, hang out with my kid, and drink the occasional glass of bourbon, message me.
#Christie enters NJ chamber dinner shortly after 7 am, chats with #Rutgers Prz McCormick. Was topic #Schiano?
these "3rd" jerseys just need to go away.
I write thank you notes after every meeting. Actually got a 2 minute voice mail today thanking me for said tradition!
Walking through the freshmen hallway in the morning is the wurst 15 seconds of the day.
that's the first thing I thought of.. wow those kids are patient.. I know a few little guys that can't hold still for more than 30s
CST helps achieve new levels of awareness, understanding and trust in working together
You sorta make the pain go away..(:
Great first day showing at QuakeCon! If you're at the show, stop by the Zenimax booth and play the game! See you there!
shout out to my brother Matt for giving me a shout out and for givin me tips at outside linebacker!
Free baseball on opening day...
Don't worry sweetheart I'll keep you in the loop!
Trent Edwards gay
I hate-miss 1020, always
uh yeah. But i'm saying i have to wait until i'm 18 which sucks...
im mad as hell dude
Such a geek but I love being 100% battery.
Well this sucks>(
Seriously. WTF was that? BTW Ventura rules in that movie.
Lol Why Not Text Me? Lol
Chris Brown is the most talented person in the entire world Omdzzz
omg, i didnt know i could put the writing infront of yur name
just look plz
Think I will turn ice to water tomorrow....
., you're my only hope. Free tonight?
Words can't describe how happy I am to have the 8:30am call time instead of 6:30am.
I wont even be 18 for another 370 days and im already suffering from GAMS (Grown Ass Man Syndrome)
Now following :]
Namath was picked 12th by the Cardinals in NFL draft, not 1st. He was pretty much already signed, sealed, delivered to Jets.
Some famous person better follow me.....or I will cry!
Sparrows flying around in Phoenix's D terminal. I'm the only one who notices them, though. Either it's a regular thing, or I'm crazy.
Is a curious thing
Who's going to meeting and can record Science in #Anthro #aaasci discussion for a podcost? Let them or me know....
Walking with Rosalinda & this is hella awkward !
Anyone have any recommendations on an ultra reliable windows vps hosts?
The fact that I can't sleep because of him is probably a bad sign. *giggles* ...wtf?
In college they call that an INCOMPLETE
Do you know the dog's name in real life?
RT : Asked Archangel Michael, why me? "Virtuous librarians go to heaven. Bad librarians go to #ala11 in New Orleans."
The 'tires' on those beasts are kinda heavy. You need cribbing and scene safety too.Agreed: not too high needed.
this made me laugh.
This march is starting to look boring, so.... blazer game.
OH SHIT SHE SAID I LOVE YOU.
good morning Howard. You're going to kill it tonight!
I hope you miss me like I miss you.
yeah in lex but I know it's crazy.
SITTIN HERE WATCHING #AMERICAN IDOL
Rain hits LALALAnd hard RT Has anyone else besides noticed that #DTLA's crosswalks are WASHING AWAY IN THE RAIN?
#joebuck: 'there's a thrill a minute this series.'
I fucking hate moving...
they always make u walk past what u don't want to get to what u do want.
so you can hush with all of that :p
thanks for the follow! Can you send a bento box to #Seattle?
I hope you'll help us make sure the same doesn't happen here in Minnesota!
Thanks for the add. I check out your most recent comic. Funny stuff! I will add them to my RVA-ish comics list of links.
Your just jealous Kurt because you were outbid for those choice front row seats.
Go get something to eat. lol
So many things going through my head I can't even think straight
I was wrong about JNF being my personal hell... Working the return desk is.
U-swirl run with and ! Perfect for this hot weather. I'm dying.
“: to each is own i guess” yes. But our country can not afford him, or this congress, for four more years.
It's coming to you soon! , get on it!
you and , baby. me, i cry at cockroaches but junebugs don't bother me so long as they're not ON me.
Dear : You made my day: "The Dowager Countess is following you." Hot damn, bring it on!
I'm NOT jealous. Not me. *turns green*
my condolences, always hard to lose a fur baby
this made my benifits look even more disgusting
This time he blogged prolix, prosaic, prolonged, and wordy property, comforts, habits, and conveniences
inbox me on fb !
Nothing ever works out and no one lives happily ever after. The end.
You are hilarious! love your tweets!
Fun times at IHOP with Dylan and Misty! :)
Wow. I'm appalled by North Carolina.
so was mine from yesterday. well a little exaggerated but yeah. dude my mom bought me these notebooks, perfect for lyric books
#ThatOnePersonWho you can tell any thing to
you're such a
Makeup for a short film for and brunch with and friends
Just hope tht bitch dont mess wit my sister..it "WILL" get ugly
To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.
outstanding! Just shared with my homies on the east coast...laughing. Yes, pica pole backscratcher understood...
RT : We still on for the coke and hooker party later bro?
Follow me,Is Hot related to The Office
How do you know it doesn't? He's well respected leads by example through dedication and hard work. Not everyone can be rah-rah.
Csi miami
I need too get high forreal be4 I flip
Lets Go Hogs beat lswho!
She looks too old to be in college
Good lord I am in love with
Wouldn't a German pancake be a charred Latke?
there's a living room in pt loma? i kno the one in la jolla and college...
You got your oreo's yet?? Don't forget to get on pinterest once you do... LMAO... Damn... now I want some oreo's!! ha
Happy birthday to my girls @ !!! Love you wish I could be there celebrating with you!!!
What are u going to do for fan appreciation night this Saturday
To protect the eyes from harmful ultraviolet (UV) rays, you need to make sure your regular glasses and sunglasses have 100% UV protection
your welcome and I'm sorry hope you feel better and happy thanksgiving!!
I guess today is the day I complain about technology
where are you? Come to glen cove discount liquor. I'm giving out free liquor till 7pm
Has anyone seen "My Sister's Keeper?" Loved the book, but heard the movie wasn't as good...still want to see it though!
Yeah!!! Wisconsin boy made it on #idol! Now I guess I'll have to watch!
"It's not even my birthday" but it will be tonight!!! :)
On the plane and really sad that my New Jersey trip has ended =(. I had such a good time and I miss everyone already! See you soon, John =)!
Hey real talk Gina and Pam on Martin were fine as hell!!chocolate and mocha!!! Every mans dream lol !!!#season 2
it looks fake tho
thinks it feels like it will be a snow night.
Well, I certainly wasn't expecting that...
Thanks for the follow Bear Carpet Inc. (BearCarpetInc)! :)
or drinking (bootleg country) RT : whats Dabo been smoking?
Would anyone be interested in setting up a time lapse video of the Better Block street installation?
ive honestly never felt this before in my life. i dont know what to think.
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people get pragmatic and realistic advice about the divorce process.
. should read Eisenhower so he wouldn't want to "begin to rebuild our military industrial complex." "Dismantle" is a better verb.
sometimes the day is just way too long....
Hangover cure: miso soup and Chinatown.
Happy New Year! Starting mine off good. . Found my phone!! yeehaw!!!
Happy thanksgiving!
The History of Perfume
you gonna post it when it's done?
#NorthCarolina But there is no record of him having said anything negative about slavery.
A lot from Colorado. CA and NJ.
Happy mothers day to the beautiful women in the world my mother Lesvia Maldonado ... I love you
Pretty sure this is going to happen to me too when I get a new job. Maybe ref desks will be gone by then?
People say I play too much...Ian trying to grow up to fast...
Gym, then rest? :)
thanks (: but what is that suppose to be ? Lol (:
Can we please call it the 1st round? Play in games are great, but don't count as a round.
always empty. I'm not surprised but also sad. ):
I think ponytails are the most underappreciated of hair styles. Seriously, so pretty!
Really hope I can meet later after class before work :(
hey How are u ??
darn, oh well, out in 9th, SB vs BB, i had K9, he wakes up with AT, needed some chips so i pushed
The things of the world are fluid to a power within man by which he rules them.
I feel bad but seriously, any excuse to skip art i'll take it.
There are few things that give me more pleasure than mispronouncing the esteemed mens haberdasher Façonnable. #ifonlyithada"ø"
you sure about that? I'm obviously consired. And God hears you. He always does.
haha ima have to see this
most of don't think about our citizenship or what it means and rarely have substantive conversations about it
Thanks for the follow, Nick!
you really had to tell the world that you're taking a #powernap ?
love me some Chinatown bro
Mixed elements reminds me of an older !(:
follow back please :)
* me and running up a hill * Jamie "Whoaa!" Me "NO! Dont make any noises!" :p
Nikola Tesla~ The present is theirs the future for which I really worked is mine.
My 10 year old sister is apparently wearing 3 inch heels to her 4th grade graduation. I just threw up in my mouth.
If I Die Today, I Just Want An Egyptian Lover Vinyl In My Casket Made Of Gold..
In the world of internet marketing, one click makes all the difference.
Who wants to be a detective next week? I'm tired of looking.
no u aint
Logging 12 hours of painting/drawing at the #NewYorkStudioSchool till month's end. When will I resurface from such fun? Taking bets.
the person u and claudia kept tlkin bout all weekend
My friend is now a local celebrity! Alexandria's famous cat-walker.
I just realized: a lot of my "original" ideas have come from my wife. Don't tell her that. I need 'em to keep coming.
Apparently, I received this email from Concourse Bowling Center in Anaheim because I "have expressed an interest," in this goddam place.
Oklahoma says running out of death penalty drug
Might it be even > meaningful to know how many connections are made/day + some of the cool outcomes of these connections?
NBA Star Gilbert Arenas -- Changed His Mind About His Ex ... and His Lawsuit!
thank you so much! Were really happy with it. Have an awesome tee coming out with our logo on it. Web store will be up soon!
With for dinner at El Rancho. Missing
TGIF---What do you have planned for this weekend? Perhaps a visit to the mall?
thanks for asking man! I start on Monday actually. How have you been?
Cool! I'm glad you like it :-)
Dane County isn't part of the state? You get Twins fans out west, Cubs/Sox fans south, but rest of WI is Brewers territory.
Is is Saturday yet? I'm itching to get back on the Boston airwaves.
At the 2012 WRA Expo waiting to hear with & rest my team
we play at pershing against hoboken
TTouch + the Cesar "Tssst!"? Oh my. Sad, but also really funny to imagine the two side by side
the new waterfowl has been put on the list!!!
Dorothy Mantooth is a saint.
Everyone tweet a wakeup tweet at
Do u know any Hollywood secrets? Like, what happened to Welles's cut of "The Magnificent Ambersons"?
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 17
watching the news
You were hilarious in the Jimmy Kimmel post-Oscars trailer. Loved it.
At the API Health and Wellness Fair. Impressive turnout here!
Great conversation today w/ from Keep up the great work!
Great game yesterday duke fsu Never leave the shooter
Happy birthday bro!! It's ur day, Live it up!!
I hate feeling like the outcast.
ouch! that's pretty late
Merry Christmas......!
When someone tries to make people feel sorry for her
definitely to TEDx! :)
Good to be back in
I often think that it's easier to identify smaller presses than imprints of the large houses... but most consumers don't care.
FINALLY beat Star Ocean! Now I have to watch this long ass cutscene. Haha
RT : The photo of the surface of the pool really shows off the ability of the camera's sensor and lens. Thanks
Check out the !!!
a smart guy,but he ain't perfect and he is wrong here
Super moon tonight :35! Don't miss it!
like the writer, I'm making an effort to memorize a few numbers. It is harder when you just have to push a button! No muscle memory!
do you like gee tonight?
I really am! Me and my 30 min. breaks :D
I really need to stop watching True Blood before I go to bed, makes really creepy dreams.
For the next few days I'm blaming absolutely EVERYTHING on the Mega Solar Storm.
Dang it. So it's make you mine later then. I always get them confused.
1st Team All-Defense ain't to shabby though...
Of course, I just got busy.
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Trailer Trash Barbie ...complete with double wide trailer home
Dear bears fans: Ha. Ha. :)
-- Crib Big Broo
sex in the city
grow an inch and we'll talk. I'm sorry!! [cries] lol will do my little lady bug (:
can't wait to watch it next week :D i know you guys will kill it on the stage !!!
Countdown to Portugal & Southern Spain Tour in May!
ASK YOUR FOLLOWERS. MINE HATE ME
Go Bears.
To ask or not to ask..
is that my baby
Sleep either you with me or against me
Status exercises today. I think my Raptor really showed some gusto today...proved he was Alpha.
Visual effects! Transformers needs to take it this guy bay
I'm flexible that day ... Earlier (breakfast at El Nuevo) could work too.
Jay Leno tonight: Robin Williams and our client ! The show will be a hoot!
Sitting all day + lack of exercise = ouchy back.
no sir. Nothing. I dure wish we were home.
Loved talking cloth diapers and #ATX with the lovely crew from ! I adore being a Thirsties Mama!
I love how Alex changed Beanies in betweent keeks. Lol. :)
I'm so disorganized that the paranoia is now invading my dreams.
"A lively style of dance popular esp. in the 1940s and 1950s, performed to swing music or rock and roll"
I'm trying to karate chop #monday !!! But im getting #worked right now ... dammit! The mouse is handing it to me.
Check back theaters for the 5/15 are still being added.
That's what I heard. Thanks!
lots of site updates over the weekend! check out Dagnomusic.com today
Only device I am prone to forgetting is my bluetooth earpiece and it does not bother me that much since it means more NPR time.
I can't take my eyes off of you. Has anyone ever met someone you couldn't stop looking at?
Duke Ellington School of the Arts please spread the word about our art contest, see our page for details
I really want we bought a zoo on dvd
Love being sick, thanks so much for this..
we just killed 3 & a half boxes of whipits. there's 24 in each box..
A trailer for #MagicMike this week!! is gonna be good! And A little Pittsburgh pride with !
*shrug* maybe its 2 keep its not so fanatic watchers in tune with what is going on, time travel gets confusing for the layman:)
CORE VALUE #1. You were chosen. God brought you to us. He brought you here for His reason. He has woven us together.Col 3:12
i love it!
Give our boy Bob at Mayhemeness Recording Studio a birthday shout out! Thanks for the killer recordings dude /m\ /m\
No seriously the only emotion he can believably convey is thinly veiled cowardly sneer.
nigga why you ain't tell me botchi's was having customer appreciation day
Another night of filming at Amar Ala Masr Belly Dance Showcase Tonight!
thanks for the #FF hope the campaign is going well!
My new family is amazing. They let me park in their driveway by the train station to save $$$$ I am truly blessed. Bring on the heat!
I have no worries but to your point wasn't fabergas brought in specifically to make it last?
Kate Upton is beautiful!
On another note the planet of the apes was a solid movie with a few loopholes.
good! tell I know he tryna eat right but.........." I Got theese cheeeaasse burgers!!"
I can't just vent how I feel to anyone anymore without them spreading shit out.
Schlage B60N619 Deadbolt, Keyed 1 Side, Satin Nickel On Sale ...
your welcome =] can you share it and if you want anyone else in it send a pic =D
EBA is in Arizona for Spring Training!
WHAT? There's NO way that 82% of SAG members approved the merger. Anyone else a little skeptical?
Friday 5AM visits to for Kelley's bootcamp are the BEST end of the week pick me up!
Crosspoint. Of course. (:
Accurate typo! MRT Maybe I need some rehab, or maybe just need some sleep, I got a sock obsession, I'm seeing it in my dreams
Too many boxes to fit in her house...don't worry about the whole married factor..
THANK GOD IT'S FRIDAY!!!!
I'd say yes to that "?" Especially considering that w/ music/movies, we don't "own" things we d/l, we get a license to use them.
not irregular usage?
I'm too full from San Soo Gap San to even look at family meal.
There's a reason I avoid events like this Easter egg hunt at Patterson Park...other parents bug me.
She's super-badass. James Cameron sadly owns the live-action rights. We need to get them away from her.
Psalm 36:9 For with you is the fountain of life; in your light we see light.
I made a small, heartfelt contribution to Wisconsin Dems for the Recall campaign.
thanks for your honesty. We use eCommerce / fulfillment channels to offer mobile discounts on the inside of the box flap.
was that your mom selling your raffle tickets? I know that was your little brother that was behind the table thingy.
is awesome
It's #RainingMen wat u worried about?
Hmm, okay. Did you hack it or was it already hacked? Do you use it a lot?
Sing, sing, sing, sing!
Hold up, Sporting! Less than half an hour to go ...
>:( I vote you dont go to the Indians game. :D I'll make it up with a Clippers game when you come here. ;D
Our 50% off sale CONTINUES - ALL used online inventory continues to be REDUCED by 50%. Prices in effect until midnight tonight!
Omg, he's so cute, I want to squeeze him!
Cards tie it. Come on boys, let's make these Rangers d the two step.
whens ur next show in buffalo
Just enjoyed a yummy dinner of grilled shrimp and fish tacos. Thanks :-)
Had 2 much fun @ Zap Zone with Krissy & the boys
yeah good call. Would love to fast forward 8 days.
Thanks for using ShowClix! It's going to be a weekend you'll never forget!
Thanks! I am interested in old computer equipment and that word processor seems very important to the book.
CCA is beautiful...
Dammit now I have to return my Underwood jersey..
Damn.... That's racist. lol
No one wants to ride on the bench..
I just dm'd you my number. I think we have exhausted twitter's comm capabilities. Feel free to give me a ring.
Schum breaks WSU saves record - Dayton Daily News
Arlo Guthrie performing at the Lincoln Center Tree Lighting.
it was "lady saw "..wat a bum.i found it lol
Joan Rivers is hilarious on fashion police.
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm
:( it's never ending.
do you have Columbus Day weekend plans? There is talk of me coming home for a visit.
Oh My God....Becky look at her butt...Tunchey!!!
#RIPMCA a flow master of disaster with a sound that's gone
Fever went away, but my throat still hurts. #why 😣
Just ate a fat hamburger from McDonalds... I feel like I need to get out and run my tush off.... literally...
Hope Everyone is having a Great Easter (:.♥
Two people. One feeling. Love. ♥ One Heart. One Love. ♥
hey, what's up?
Ang, I didn't know you were living in my dream world because that's the only place I'm cooler than YO!
lol btw Helena riding a board is not skating lol but imma bust u in a game of S.K.A.T.E then lol
zack montana follows me!!!!!!!!!!
The crash course books I have written will help member missionaries be ready to give an answer to those who ask facebook.com/LDSCrashCourse…
I would but Maxwell -.Lifetime is on repeat plus im 18 so I can look at porn legally now
Fingers crossed! Sending you and the fam tons of love!!!! Send us a picture when Baby G arrives :)
Umm... Was someone just playing footsie with me on the train?
“: when?”see you tonight Sweet Pea!
would you eat deep fried kool-aid?
has a song about EVERY guy she has ever liked or dated...So why are all of you so hung up on one?... No matter who he is...
Ugly loss for today, but they still have a 6-3 record. At this pace they'll go 108-54.
#butitssunday hosed by the mormons again!
Good to meet at the New Balance store opening party tonight in Copley! #RedSox #Boston. Thx 4 sharing #Denver!
but the hearts
SAT word of the day: buffet (v.) to strike with force
but you still follow me :)
Bus came :D
Rainy day,missing my baby,sewing away
yes, I will be voting for Obama again!
*hangs head in shame* yes, let's. Haha.
I have love and acceptance in my heart for many many things. I'm sorry, 5 am, you never have been or will be one of them.
You didn't wish me a happy birthday. I cried for days.
cool good thing i don't eat any of those and am getting tested in 2 weeks haha
take pictures!
I have an Android and I have access to emoji  
Brahh she blowin the shyt out me you hip
I'm assuming Crossing Broad has something to do with it
Thanks for hanging with us. What did you have? RT : at for breakfast
I think I just broke one of the front doors on 2400. It was bound to happen.
Impressed by Patriots yesterday. Not sure why the Packers didn't show up. Hawks playing well. Ravens can't be trusted.
Starting a new blog, will cook a couple dishes from a secret ingredient chosen by my readers every week! What should I cook!?
Maybe if we fast forward in time, you my love, will finally be mine.
why is my stomach making weird noises?
Winters: In '95, bill passed allows CPS to divert $$ to fund. Now CPS on 3 yr pension holiday. Rahm: $40k increase since..This about future.
I don't want to be 22 in a month. O_O
Great, I start debating ess-ee-oh with someone and I start getting a ton of bottom-feeding ess-ee-oh types following me. Joy.
Not in the money this week...
there are some on instagram!!
If you're at Cactus tonight, don't shake Davey Noble's hand.
musicnline419 thanks for making real music....
Can't believe it's my birthday tomorrow!!! :D
RT : #ARathlete sets a new school record! RT : Congrats DJ on a new school record with a 49.98 400m!
today is the birthday of Queen Elizabeth II :)
Sometimes I wish that I could shed all this weight off & be beautiful for once. No just on the inside, but on the outside too. :/
and the creator calls herself the Unicorn Queen which makes me happy xD
Using my app to promote #SarahsWar to casting peeps and getting a welcomed response!
This 55mph on the turnpike thing is ridiculous.
You thought you were going insane?
are you going to name him Smernicoff? Haa He is too cute! Congrats!
Miami's Oldest Bar is turning 100 sooner than we know it..who is counting down the days till the big day this November!!
Artist looking for ghost writers get at me..
Focus on reciprocity and process will fundamentally alter assessment practices.
Showing postgame maturity. RT“: I put that one on me...I wasn't a PG at all tonight. That was a lousy floor game. OkC next
lol even more so than my hermit self!
Avengers day!! I am so excited!!
bout time! we've been waiting for you RT Omaha, I am en route.
Great show today Save Your Home on WTCM with Norm Jones in Michigan!!
I was out like you yesterday....then today on my Grind
myspace.com/morelikethemovies New Ep streaming!!!
make two dreams come true but following me nd 22
Cincy Brass performing at The game tonight vs. #Cubs. Check us out at the Main Gate from 5-6:15 and then a parade on the field at 630!
sunscreen... yeah about that... :)
New listing on Monday and 3 listing appointments this week! Can I get a motivated buyer?!?
yeah but I won't vote for him
big weekend of work. i feel so accomplished! hopefully the paycheck agrees. make munnay munnay
lots of friends, crazy outfits, two music stages, some screening booths, the little ones, hungry beat DJs spinning my fav jams...
how about some or
Track was the worst today haha I was in all sports so now im an all star just got to finish off track
Hey bartender make that two! ;-)
Livingston Taylor will also be sharing the stage (Three is company) @ the Philharmonic Center for the Arts on Dec. 11th. Showtime is @ 8pm.
Why does she owe 300k in back rent?!?!?!
i miss your tweets sweetheart
anyway, ian hacking's piece "making up people" is a short read. and good morning by the way ;-)
The next great L.A. car chase needs to be a food truck.
Thanks for the #FF. Much obliged. Keep up the good work at the Examiner!
#RETWEET The Hawk Smartphone News is looking for Bloggers and software reviewers. If any interested pls contact us here.
Had a great talk w/a HS coach 2day about how they could get more possessions...advice:make ur off/def sideline/baseline OBs count!
The "mysterious" booms and shaking in #Clintonville are still unanswered. Geologist are even baffled.
lmfao blame kenny
HEY CAMERON!!
What's happening today in the north valley - Enterprise-Record
looking forward to hearing you as well!
wow, NE Kentucky, You (your bio) are an inspiration! This WI Liberal thanks you!
Thtat's what usually happens when one is offered insane proposals.
thank you goatmanZ.
If the root is not killed (usually with Phenol acid), the ingrown area can grow back. Fungal nails will also continue to curve in
Looking to hiring an Instructual Designer with experience using Articulate.
Hope everyone has a great day. S/O to my new friend she really nice and gorgeous :)
#stm2012 electronic journal submission has dramatically changed T. Grover's job as an editor. 5 times more submissions & 50% more dismissals
evidence based? How about a method based on mounds of evidence compiled from various fields of study plus experience
New in Reference Universe: The Corsini Encyclopedia of Psychology, 2010 from
damn that groundhog day!
I don't think I can do this on my own.
Two recruiters contacting me today.
Oh cool! Im from Illinois!
Oh yes, I hurt. Moving kitties and a lil more cleaning today. Coffee first! Didn't get to bed til 2.
I have the same iphone earpeace (but in ivory)!
Forgive me for using 'object', I meant resource.
Jus roll with it keep the faith and past the test!
Yea you're right!! It's not hot just yet... But It's Getting there.
Damn! Guess I picked a good night to start watching
I couldn't ask for any better cause there isn't. I love you mommy 💜 Happy Mothers Day ☺
Sow praises unto Him.. Reap the blessings of his promises..
Our thoughts exactly. All the time. “: I really want to go dancing right now.”
Team Role: Fuel Injector.
Probably former customer service employees for online businesses. Who apparently never read more than subject line.
gimme the mic gimme the mic gimme the mic
Need to go somewhere...
Sunday party day
Wet the bed - Chris brown <3
#ThingsYouMightYellInAKidsMovie Hey, is that you over there, Gary Glitter?
Please follow me ♥♥ 're beautiful:)
Oh right. Anyway, are you going to the social? You better be.
Hey Gtown, miss the sweet sounds of your childhood? Come to Lohrfink tonight @ 8 to hear us rock out to the 90s. Seniors get in free! /te
i think till friday
RT : Washington Post is NOT reporting that Santorum is dropping out. We have NOT reported this, despite tweets to the contrary.
hehe I think I've come up w/ better answers :)
doing great! Lets hope for a #packers #49ers match up next week!
Shabbat shalom, everyone! (Scheduling in a "Day of Rest" was a really smart idea...)
I would..but I'm afraid I'm the only one who appreciates Hov. ;)
it does
Ah justin woo u know it justin ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Why does it take a loss in a family to bring that family together?
Probably 1D Concert with ! (;
That's funny.. I was going to tweet him a few hours ago..lol..He strings together "science" terms and people just suck it up
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
let's be lazy juntos but not together, you know cause of the willylovemites...
Tweeting all of you from the higest point on the planet........my head. What can I say, I love myself, you should too.
I've got no plans until dinner. Any time works for me. -JO
Am I the only one that wants a Hurricane to hit Miami. www.vcassociates.net 305-232-3344
haha hi-five back!
I FINALLY got my Google Wave invite. Time to take this thing for a test drive.
I say organic foods only but eat trash plates at 3am.
we are girl gamers!!! Look at us! :p
Key to #Mets playoff viability will be whether #CarlosBeltran can remain healthy and #OliverPerez or #JohnMaine recapture 2007 form.
Daily quote: The test of success is not what you do when you are on top. Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. George Patton
Just had the worst start to my day..
suddenly we get an email from the halfacre guys about a tour. The timing is suspicious. I think it's all jealousy re: :)
Lucy and I would both love to!
Flatbread Feature: Chicken, tomato, shaved onion, avocado, fresh basil, cheddar & provel Soups: Watermelon Gazpacho or Hot & Sour Pork
It was odd. Just a bar-time thing, I guess. Seemed on the edge of newsworthy at the time.
Miles is a joke. Just because ESPN pays you doesn't mean you have to drink the kool aid
that's the problem: some people only want her to sing, others only want her to rap. If you ask me she's doing both really well
You think I can turn my followers into followers?
“: Lebron's not a fighter but damn I wanna see him knock someone the fuck out one time. Lmao” << lol real shit though
Leyland "out-hunched" himself with Santiago
there are two problems in not getting a shirt..... 1. MONEY.... 2. My parents
he seems to just pose with rocks and conclude dragons. Funniest thing I've seen all night.
Kudos Enjoyed Walgreens, Nielsen, The Weather Channel, the NYTs, Bain, OMD. Impressed by C-level turn out.
but when ever you need a shadier to cry on, ill always be here
Going to pitch about my work in Harvard Square today. No, not like those brave public speaker. One to one, that's it.
Get up, dust yourself off and try again.
Breakfast. Not lunch or dinner.
LOL Try not to sweat cancer.
Good Morning! Have a Super-Sensational Saturday.......Spread Love
I love that you love my love for things I love. Hi.
The customer is never wrong, they might not be right, but they are never wrong. -JT #TeamCustomer LOL :)
I'll probably need an alumni spirit guide to pull that one off...
Good morning! It is a beautiful day today in the neighborhood! What do you plan to accomplish today?
Thank you for the warm welcome!
please get on making Queen of Jordan into a real show. no one would notice (seriously) & I would totes watch it.
Hope that our 3rd Ward peeps enjoyed today, we'll see you all tomorrow (with a special surprise)!
That nigga Tupac better be dead because if he's not that means biggie died for no reason.
#YouWereCuteUntil you had that surgery on your face
looking forward to seeing pop his stand-up cherry tonight at Comedy Sportz. he better be funny; our friendship depends on it
Did she make it? Looks very stealthy!
Sobbing watching 90210.
No makeup, and it feels great.
it's gotten dreadful. :(
your favorite!!!
whewwww! party party time. i feel like i was made to be in the 80s kickin that style!
Maybe we only obsess over relationships that feel unfinished
<Waits for bereft phone call from family member who will be unable to cope with death of Carlos Fuentes>
You bet. Glad to be in touch
2 lucky patrons will win a free sopaipillas a week until Mexican Independence day. Just fill out our survey when u visit 2day. Good luck.
entertain yourself by saying "pika" before you sneeze. :)
maybe you should come out to California
Chris Peterson to Penn State?
I love my Ashley
I found a stunning solid white quartz pebble.
As a Lions fan, NFL Draft Day is still a terrifying day. Rogers, Williams, Harrington, Ware, etc. Hope for the best & expect the worst
two words. is fat
Happy New Years!!
Deleting this soon...go follow mw on my new page
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: 💚
Come cheer on the #KNICKS tonight with us !!!! Who do you think will be the star player in tonights game?
Strong theme of racism as a continuing problem in both opening remarks. This crowd is on board, I want to hear solutions.
Please Spay and Neuter.
Liked it!
follow back love
What can we say....making days brighter since 2011.
It's amazing that I even need a bag, no?
Sweet lookin hero! I love dying my armor too. XD
run run run away run away babyy
hi .. You should get online & make me happy .
Hey how ru !!
So, #GOP2012 complains Dodd-Frank goes too far AND President Obama didn't do enough to rein in banks? Standard stuff.
wake up sleeping beauty(;
Feeling Blessed
You sound like a journalist with that wish list :-)
Hungover on sunday but want to get your hair done? Come to SBS and have a bloody mary while gettin your mop done. (773) 252 - 9522
followed(: thanks for following me <3
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 24
dont live in the past. you might miss the great things happening in your present
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
excuse me? no small people over large flames?
I hate when I go back and realize ive made a grammatical error and its too late to fix it
Can somebody please tell me why Romeo looks like a commercial outcast on the college commercials
Amerika iz after Joseph Kony and can't even arrest murderers like Zimmerman on her own soil
When will NY'ers (and NJ'ers) get to see the #shuttle on a barge floating up the Hudson River towards the Intrepid?
yes they are very good! (yellow in color) someone in vermont must have a treefull!
RT if you shake it for Jesus!
Everything else would be shooting back at normal speed so you'd lose
What up???
My Sunday funday includes work and laundry. Heading to Sheboygan.
I saw an angel today and like a dumbass I missed another opportunity :/
Ps: congrats on being a new uncle babe. All best wishes to your family hun xx
Last night, opened. Congrats to all involved!
LaSalle Solutions Achieves Advanced Data Center Architecture Specialization ... - MarketWatch (press release)
u do it all that's cool I does reggae/pop world music. Am on suck free radio. I'll try to check u out at red some times.
ICK. My head feels like an overstuffed burrito without the tastiness. Damn allergies!
umm we NEED 2 get together ASAP!!
my daughter turns 12 today and my hubby and I surprised her by saying "yes" to her rescuing a Guinea Pig. What have I done? :)
yes, that is akin to dismissing great literature because it has the "n" word or a curse word in it
Tennis this afternoon any1? Shoot me a text if u wanna play
List of discontents with #ME3 is growing. Encountered an insanely short QTE.
i think i am boo
“My athlete son’s recovery time is quicker than those of his mates and he is always healthy even when those around him are sick.”
I'm embarrassing..
SAA Chicago. Date, time, and location forthcoming for 2011 Knitworking!
I expect the Eagles to make six trades and stockpile a boatload of 7th-round picks.
Left right left right!
your son Brian is the worst coordinator in the history of NFL .He runs so much he should be in the olympics !!!
Davis Cup QF Preview: Can Isner Fray The French Nerves? Will Spain, Serbia Prevail Without Nadal, Djokovic? A preview of this weekend's D
Good luck sweetheart! Hope you are smiling again soon!
Beginning to regret that nuclear taco
happy birthday!
cant #BELIEVE its been 5 years! #NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!! #AMAZING!
I find it very hard to fill a #growler with and save it for more than a day.
Trying Tai Chi for the first time today...excited? OH YES!
Random:My Birthday is on August 16th:)
still seems like HR could stand for Human Relationships
omg lol so howd it go yesterday?!
My mom just licked me -________-
all time low!!!
Oh my!
The book, Orphan V, is in search of a publisher and agent. If interested please make contact. Thank you!
I got a mustang for a pet!
Love to keep my #wedding tweeps informed! RT Thanks for sharing our Summer Blow Out Sale last night! :)
thanks for the follow :-)
not sure if you are busy or not but we'd love to have you at the next meeting
I asked if they have Salads the waitress laughed so hard she started coughing up a nasty lunger
In life, we are not determined by the adversity we face, but how we respond to that adversity
and the followong 10minutes :""""( Why must I do this to myself
hello Mr. Terrio!
Spring has sprung!! Get ready to see the Milwaukee Domes like you've never seen before! Upcoming Wednesday! Inside&Out: The Milwaukee Domes.
"We're looking for a guy that's never been 'it' in a game of tag." -- Baylor coach Art Briles, on the Bears' search for a running back.
Fucking through with you
Go for it!
When your about to fall sleep everything's going smoothly and bam you hear a noise . Yup not sleeping
I love that bit about racist speech used to "control...not offend". Um, yeah, the problem with racism is all about control.
Just saw "Crazy Heart" w family + uncle. pretty good flick, great non-cheesy country tunes all throught out. nice duval cameo as well.
I feel like I'm about to get raped ny these Wagner people
": #MentionTo the one you're giving your heart to." because my hearts filled wit him anyway<3(: but im not theonlyone
Thanks Steve! Let me know how you like it.
Congrats on being a best performer on !! I knew you would make it!! Goodluck with everything:)
Happy Mother's Day! :)
Wow! Thanks for supporting Milwaukee Comedy! We've grown so big, we could use an extra hand keeping things updated. Interested?
Thomas: Agree about the emergence, but it's tough to include him on rankings for the 2012 draft when he won't be a part of it.
GREAT WIN tonight
I miss talkinq to you..
Tao tonight to celebrate the birth of Richard Candido!
SEO Philadelphia Company, 1 SEO Announces Google AdWords Management, PPC At ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
thank you for all you have done for the world, I am sending you my prize possession: a painting of you made for me. danie girl.
Thanks, I'll have seven or eight at the Trunk Show.
I aint the never been one to play with ppls kids. So I wont entertain you
Yes, one of your photos went in after all. Glad you like the trailer!
Thanks for the #FF love!
Watching Korean Drama City Hunter
I love the kinect. Addicted to dance central.
probably the asshole who cut you off this morning using the exit lane :-P
RT : If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to meet it ~ Jonathan Winters
no problem :)
I'm back tweeps. It's been awhile.
hey y dont yall wanna follow ??
ahahahahahahaha! That was so funny. :P
thanks for the follow!
Thank you! I had a great time!
disgusted, disappointed....agree
I don’t think I could ever stab anyone. I can barely get the straw into a capri sun!
About to head to the game.
THX 4 GRT support/food & tweeting!>:RT Have a great event. Pls let us know if you need anything :
Who wants to help me hand out post cards?
take out the fillings from an oreo and replace it with toothpaste! :)
Thank you the tweet and for visiting the shop!
HAHAHAHAHAHA I MUST
Hope you all had a fabulous Mother's Day!
yep me too
I'm so tired. But I don't want to sleep.
lol I go to Wayne
Are you bored?
Its in the 12th inning, the Cubs have walked 14, Milwaukee tries to bunt with a runner on first none out, line out to P.
Fuck bitches, get bacon.
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
John is close to death, he not coming back to LSU next year cause he'll be dead!
Follow My Twin/Bestie <3 :D x
No YOU DON'T HAVE TO, BUT IT WOULD PROBABLY BE A WISE MOVE!!!!!
On set of Umami Burger today. Prolly gonna get a Tony nod for this one.
NOW YOU SAY I AM SEEING A PROGRAM OF THE MAGICIANS WAWERLY
Hi Kelly - thanks - I was hoping to get info today for #SmallBizSat & give you an update!
Chris Hemsworth without a shirt ❤ *drools. ☺😏
Happy NYD !!!! tweeters. I'm starting my day with a bowl of Hemp Granola made for Stoner Couture by our good friend Amanda. Available soon.
Dead End Hip Hop should really review 's "Will Rap 4 Food"
At This Barbershop , Bored
Can u follow me back please? :D
"Its so hard To sleep when My dreams keep me Awake!" Lol i Love s bio <33
#YouWereCuteUntil I saw you didn't believe in shaving yo vagina!
Big start for Mr. Matusz tonight - time for 4-0!
&tell them they are going to be big 1 day&by going to the past i have a guarantee that i will meet them unlike now there is so many people
oh wht song?
OMG really what did u guys talk about
Watching and reading about Mariano Rivera's injury is making me sick! :(
Howdy. Figured you'd be around today
Hate to agree with Idra on anything, but you can be awful and win with terran in SC2.
Nothing like an early Monday morning with the trademark phrase to kick the week off.
We are the only Qpon app 4 the 916; FREE download on your smartphone. DM us 4 info on how to represent ur biz on our one-of-a-kind app!
Frosty the Snowman is short and fat and round. He's just like me as you can see, but starting January 1st I'm turning it around!
Listening to Ofra Haza and wishing she were still alive.
this is a good day (8)
Commercial Office Furniture: Alera Products - Alera - Verona Veneer ...
Do you have bad driving habits? Do you take pictures or tweet behind the wheel?
honestly, if i didn't have juice, i would probably dehydrate.
why haven't we been talking?:|
Marching down U St in #DC in protest of #LGBT violence
These stats are great for an infographic. *hint *hint
only had time to watch gray's last night. Anyone catch private practice? was it worth it? i was starting to lose interest last year.
Producers make sure the performance is tight and a hit, engineers make sure it sounds tight, some can do both
Economists discussing our current situation: "Our house may be rundown and have rats, but at least it's not on fire like the rest of the...
where u stay
OMG that left corner pixel that won't fill in on the #android #gingerbread browser progress bar. Fix it fix it fix it.
i think im mentally unfit to use a laptop
First time i've prayed in a while...
travel is a key indicator of many things. If they can't send students to confs, there are prolly other problems
yeah. We felt bldg shake. Evacuated but going back now. Freaky!!! Ur sis in DC?
Bed soon with my baby! <3 Then back to Avon tomorrow to see my other baby!! (:
yeah me too; I just try to be as eco conscious as possible.
THAT'S AMAZING!!
RT We hit up the #skiswap earlier to pick up ski for our growing munchkins...and left with a pair of Nordica Hot Rod Nitrous for me
Crap. It’s supposed to be Christ, not the Tigers who rise from the dead.
Buy the ticket, take the ride.
If you never stand up to certain people they will never learn
you obviously haven't seen senior elite they've got the best flyer in Allstar cheerleading, Maddie<3!! And Erica (:
please do! <3
thanks so much
True. It's still easy on the eyes! RT : The California is very Maserati... Not so much Ferrari.
Chrome seemed to work best. Firefox more resistant. BTW Jefferson is coming up to #THATCampMuseumsNYC, you'll be missed however
*BEAM* <--- sorry it's all I can do. Prolly for a week. My teeth are going to dry out and crumble to dust.
Hey How are ya doing today?
30 YEARS IN THE BIZ.....11-1-11.....DON'T MISS OUT.....STREET PARTY.....FREE BEER WITH ENTREE.....$2 BEER ALL NIGHT!!!!!
Love, LOVE hearing this.... RT Standing ovation for Patriots' owner Robert Kraft when he is shown on the video board.
I love it when my supports me whne I do certain bad or violent things <3
#SINCITY FRIDAY LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT
That awkward moment when Bruno Mars can’t catch the Grenade for you, because he’s having a “Lazy Day."
I had a great time in Lex. Got to see #oomf. I missed him terribly :)
*smiles* I'd probably be way too nice to him. Plus, he'd miss Rik too much & then I'd be sad...
that was my very last time smokin... For the #unborn safety.
on my way for a chai latte and egg white breakfast wrap! Happy Friday!
Happy Mother's Day to all who do all they can for their kids..God bless u all XOXO
well I did first, but idk what it would say?
Miss your tweets! Need an LA trainer? Yes, that would be me!
not doiing assassin cause i suck
yeah. Not looking good at all.
#Huguely defense computer expert puts Love's computer value at 100-150 dollars. Threshold for grand larceny is 200 dollars.
Everyday I fight the urge to call you and then I realize..if you wanted me in ur life, I'd already be there. So I put down my phone and live
Thanks for your support, we really appreciate it!
People piss me off.
#bored? Go to www.instereopress.com.
Can I live??
five for fighting never fails to pour on the waterworks :(
New post: Good Writing Tip #5: Fluency
Thank you for the follow Steven. Hope you'll have a chance to come see the scrolls!
Love working with people.
MY GIANTS WON!!! YEAHH NY!!! ♥ #SuperBowlChamps Congrats to the Giants
#IThankGod - For being there, and never giving up on me when it felt like the whole world was doubting me.
so you must be Jesse?? Nice to meet you Hm guess who this is???
At the #heartattackgrill on #fremontstreet drinking
Christopher Purdy of resumes his pre-concert talks tonight at 7pm at the Southern.
We are sponsoring Japan Benefit Concert tonight! Please come and enjoy beautiful music at the Center For the Arts 3rd floor lobby in GMU.
Hey Mike, thx for the follow. Your bio made me smile ... just had nutella crepes for lunch today at ihop :)
I am looking for new opportunities. Which neighborhood needs a great happyhour ?
whose your interior decorator?
What shows do u plan on going to? We gotta meet up!!
Driving to Gallup nm!!! Wes has been driving for 7 hours he is killin it!!!
Hi Dina. I am pretty busy today, but I am glad to hear from you. Hope you are doing well!!
something about John Stewart talking about the that make the superbowl and politics so much more special
40 acres and a mule ,I could used that right now!
A sim of what? Open Sesame?
Had a wonderful weekend with a wonderful lady.
When are you guys coming back to NY?
Man I miss my galaxy Kobes 😔
Add your business or event on ClubberMagazine.com FREE!!
The Triumph has changed my life. My teeth have never been cleaner and it makes me so happy!
Just met with furniture artist Brian Hubel at his Colorado Springs studio--incredible work!
You're well on your way to #4sq mayorship this month. :)
Giggady Giggady let's have sex
We are thankful for the Board of Directors & Trustees, the committee members & volunteers, & friends that further the mission of
the "HI!!" gets me every time oh my god
oh are you guna be there tomorrow?
yo I see you need tickets for Robbie Rivera. Text me at 954-654-5605 I got tickets for you
What did you think about the special performance by du Soleil at #drupa? Use #xeroxdrupa to tell us
i like one of your friends and he dont know it yet .
Too bad that's considered "spelling". LOL
Just had a great workout! The week is off to a good start!
and the 👏
#CoachellaLive JUMP JUMP JUMP! Everybody JUMP!! now drop it like it's hot (: #snoopdogg #drdre wzzup! Haha
there is no chance of anyone swiping me up anytime soon. I have been single for so long
I was sleep til 9ish lol. I'm up doing my work now.
RT : Ya know what would be a cruel joke? Putting 100 snaps on clothing for a wiggling baby you change in the dark.
so far so good. seems he had abandonned the current events quizzes/assignmnets or whatever they were.
RT : We're up and running at #vsnam12! Stop by Booth 19 and take advantage of the Vision Source discount.
Exactly. You monetize differently for google reader(s) than blog visitors. But there are ways to push ads, promote sponsors…
please find a way to get drafted by the Lakers
next time skip talks about no supporting cast for tebow mention the defense.
Dows all baby food glow in the dark or just the radioactive ones?
Thanks so much for having us today.We enjoyed it and hope everyone else did too!!
Thanks for the RT!
DADT falls~left is understandably happy that gays are now a party to the baby murdering and warmongering just like rednecks
he is out of town so im holding down the fort
So close to the weekend and I am fired up like a ribeye on a grill.
Prof jacobson: "the Closer you look at occupy movement the better it looks" on need for alternative grassroots archives!
Your new icon is gorg. <3
Love that the contestant on #jeopardy has alex trebek as his mustache inspiration.
Grrrr... You need to get on twitter more often! Lolol
Chuck Norris' calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd, because nobody fools Chuck Norris.
#SignsAPersonCantCook: There's more food stuck to the pan than there is on the plate.
heading to a funeral.
I would love any notes/info/insight you could pass along on the data/media clean up tech tutorial
Woohoo! Don't party yourself out before we get there!
As For Me and My Household�We Will Serve The Lord
thanks for stopping by today!
while everyones packing for spring break , I'll be at home looking out the window .
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe High school is hard. Do home work and actually study for tests and quizzes. Oh and the next 3 years will be the best.
RT : what u can do with ur life has little to do with what's going on in the world & everything to do with what u see as possible
that's awesome I can't wait to see it!
Interesting all your comments on the T.O. And his children's mothers. Just curious, do you find any fault w/ the mothers?
3 wins and 1 loss in last second shots, damn good %
RT NYU's digital object workflow AT module looks to solve most of our AT/Archivematica integration issues. Nicely done
It's 11:12 I have to get read 4 school even though it started a while ago I'm gonna be super late ugh
Are "smart movies" too complex to follow or too boring for people? Sadly... many films with great potential don't do well at the box office.
Why isn't life more like Multiplicty.. I need a few clones to do all the stuff I dislike..
something happen
Some Shit Gets Old. Its 2011. I Need Something NEW
Blake makes both FTs #CLIPPERS down 4 with 41 sec remaining
sounds like there is a story here I need to hear :)
got to hang with my nephew today. always a pleasure to be around my baby boy!
Heading to the Marriott Resort and Marina for #nouvelleresort photo shoot Great Day !
It's inevitable. Be decisive and enjoy the commitment you choose.
I got a lot of compliments on my outfit today! <3
Every day is a blessing!
glad you came the wanted
.I should go to work but I'm gonna be cold AF (-.-)
Obama has rejected nearly 3,800 commutation requests from prisoners. He has approved one.
good show but they are some FUGLY dudes! haha
Bowling trip today, so text my cell guys!
it will, but what about your hair, Danielle?!? Your hair!! :-)
Great he mad at me ugh
I wanna go on Total Blackout ..
May 24th and then Wed after that. RT : What does #SYTYCN come back on. It seems like forever!
For that sum, you could get a Boeing Business Jet.
vastly overrated! Thanks for the entertainment!
Tweet Tweet!
Dying. Lol'ing.
Thank you for the RT about 's #LUVFilm's premiering Can't wait to see me too.. Everyone needs some
Mixed? I was just wondering if I should apply to intern there.
My sun burnt face is peeling real bad. Someone should make a movie about it. I think it would be called "Faceoff." Who would star as me?
Or maybe CP3 is still hurt and the bench is doing a kickass job right now?
THEN STOP TALKING SHIT ON ME YOU IDIOT. never would've started if you wouldn't of talked stuff on me. GOODBYE!
Ahh, so this is what twitter-birth is like. It's just like child-birth, minus all that annoying crying. From the mother.
All of the hottest new urbanmusic playing now!
follow me now
hey hey buddy sierra~ good morning~ love you my dear buddy~ have a great day and take care <3
Hell yes. Vito with peppers.
If the special session happens the R's may replace the civil union votes on the committees
I just had the best nap of my life.
:\ highkey, you're the shit. lowkey, she needs you more than you need her.
its hard getting back into the swing of things but so far so good!
I have an unfollower. My life is over.
Reading book: "I needed women in my life as I embarked on a career dominated by men." Watch for my review on blog.
Father/Daughter time at the mall. Even at 2 years old she knows what she wants!
Don't try to cheat on your girl with her Bestfriend sooner or later she'll figure out dummy ? Boys don't think -.-
Of course! I can't believe that. So upsetting, when will people learn there are bad owners, but no bad breeds! Keep us updated
YOU ARE BEATING JUSTIN. THATS SO CRAZY! SO PROUD
I fix yo phone and u say don't touch my phone, its all not like it was... Ocd...I need tv!
OMG. I FOUND MY TAMOGOCHI! :,D
Hazel, are you ok for a visit? Lets talk first.
Watching a Mary Kate & Ashley Olsen movie, Getting There. This is so exciting omg.
RE:Failure is a opportunity. It is anyplace but in a school house or a classroom. Obedience rules!
Mayb I should stretch b4 I catch a Charlie horse
I grew up watching you play for the Heat at the Miami Arena. You made nights there so enjoyable. Great seeing you on TV now.
I know what you mean how wuz your week
The things y'all tweet me makes me 😳😳😳😲😱
Lovin the rain. Maybe I need to visit WA soon.
lol what an Ass clown.
: True story! I have the $8 pair which I also consider worth it. ;)
Having the same trouble!
Don't get me wrong, I respect the Amish. What I wonder is what invention caused a group of people to go "No! No more technology for us."
Yup, but most people don't look at themselves as they judge the annoying things around them
lol!! Was it that bad??
It means that the Internet is full of dumb and annoying people who repeat stupid sayings.
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend - 5
SEVENTH FLOOR STFU I can hear every word you say
is selling tickets for Upcoming Woolly Show. Get em while they are hot! Reserve May 7 8pm
Words hurt just as much as physical pain. Think before you speak.
that's when you know it's time to take a breather, right?
Dear bitch at bar if u r gonna wear a chanukah hat be ready to take a joke and put that dirty look away it just makes u look even cheaper
RT : Late night conversations with >>>>>
I have something in common with people such as and but not sure if they know me.
HAHA! please.. I despise the flyers. I will now support the Nashville Predators. #thesouthwillriseagain #friedchicken&hockey
There were no workers and no road construction was happening because it was Saturday
Hahaha thats cuz we cant never get a happy medium w/ yu.!!! We either burnin on freezing lmao
Good morning. Disappointing game last night but the Caps will come back :)
Marked "F" for fun (cc ) RT : 'they only hate when you great' --roger mayweather
RT : keep the crazy on the anchor desk! RT : So... and I are in a pretty crazy mood this morning.
Nothing like Driving the mustang at 1:15 am on open road..
"youve got a great look. Like a curvy mila kunis meets an asian jeanne triplehorn."
Funny after reading an article that suggests men have better relationships, my TL tells me different. Life is back to what I knew.
lol I'm going to look at the thing now
oops, you're at Hawthorne Powell's--never mind!
When life hands you skittles, chuck them at people and say "Taste the freakin rainbow!"
So you are choosing to still find & focus on the joy in life..that's a lesson 4 all, not just CFers 2 learn!
Watching #TheVoice!! :D
alright I will
One more week till #prom ! Or am I the only one excited?
Home. Alone. Sick. Pissed. HOLLER AT THE BEST SATURDAY EVER!
Cute: How trolls try so hard to get attention. Less cute: How reporters are drawn to them bc they're the loudest voices in the room.
From the Del Grande Dealer Group Family to you and yours, we wish you the happiest of holidays and a safe, healthy and Happy New Year! http:
Shoot out to the employees at IBM, they are having a diaper drive the week of 8/15! I love receiving good news when I open my e-mail!
so is there like a roof on top of BC Place?
says Pizza tastes better than broccoli. I agee.
I'm Starting To Dislike FB , All You See Is Like If You Going To Heaven , Like If You Rememebr This Show , Likee If You Not Pregnant , SMFH
that was not my idea...fucking waste of $ and publix food budget
We'll both have very big orgasms together Michelle! That's what sharing special moments like this one are all about Luv! Xoxo
Looking forward to 's class on Pr tonight, followed by the last few minutes of and at lean startup
Next Show TOMORROW 5/1 at
you're welcome! “: thanks for the greet tweet updates”
Literally had to get in my car from the passenger side after church just now because the car parked next to was so close!
