Doing very well. About to head out of work early today!! Hoorayy.... :o) How are you doing?
1967- Van Nuys premier #head shop Captain Ed’s Heads & Highs first opened for business
Transfer to the Library Foundation office.
You don't have to swim faster than the shark, just faster than the person next to you.
what'd you do so far?
Hahahaha! Not this alcoholic!!!!
When someone gives me a neck massage #YeahILoveThat 😏
I can't wait till you come over (: let's hope we aren't caught.
i <3 commercials that make me laugh out loud
NEWAUKEE SOCIAL EVENT STARTING AT 6 PM, $5 Red & White Wines, $3 Taps Bud Light Miller Light & Point, $5 Apps all night & $4 Skyy Bombs
#IfSheCant handle her liquor - ima treat her like just another flipper
": I will be the best friend she ever had..."))I'm sure you will be:)
I am really surprised that my local uni's library won't let me have access to journals even though I'm faculty at another college. (1/2)
Why Do People Assume When You're A Teen & Pregnant, You Automatically Drop Out Of School etc? ..
the first part, haha.
Happy Monday everybody! Big news to come in the next few days! We will keep you all posted...
According to Kinsey, 75% of men ejaculate within 3 minutes of penetration.
What you said last night made me smile... And tonight u just ruined it
Becoming God's Super Women. Romans 12:1,2
“: Oh, your ears are "gauged." What tribe do you belong to?”
new pictures up
the only boy who could ever teach me was the son of preacher man.
Boston with me in late July? Liverpool plays at Fenway
streamed the entire mayweather fight with my cell phone! and hdmi cord put it on the tv... wow 2012 here we are
Not sure, (following via web) but I think the God's grace petition was 20544
Mine was by far the most interesting.
I Think You Should Do A Cover Of Crush By David Archuleta I Love That Song And I Love You So Put The Both Together...<3 Jus Sayin
what? Na forget it.
Monday night class: Writing Through the Image. Trying to increase my ability to do research on and utilize critical media literacy.
Shout out to the guy wearin sunglasses, his chain, 2 bracelets and his watch in the gym on Eastern. You sir, are the epitome of douche
whareves its a black thing
fuck it, blow that last check on weed
's skinned trilogy is amazing. also juliana baggott _pure_ (just finished, loved. tx again for rec!)
Sad the reds lost but they made it a good game in the end.
Andrya told me she was goin ask Alfred for his # :)
yea good vibes
ahahahahaha Sophie that's you!
We must teach our kids to sharpen their talents and develop new skills daily. Their prosperity depends on it. NspiredBy Proverbs 28: 19
Office closes at 3pm for the holiday weekend
Yes I can.
SNOW - Christine Kelley Karel and Charles Karel are scheduled to shoot their scenes this coming week. It's their second project with us.
Man these refs are sensitive today
I'd rather listen to rebecca black ,than listen to your excuses.
The excitement begins
Me and my bf got 200 on this series! Come on OKC make me 200 dollars richer!!!
I'm illy - TI is some hype ass music. Hear it and you're guaranteed to fight someone.
workk is not going to be fun today. at all.
#2 what we expect them to do with it.If we expect all of my mom's students to patronize certain organizations, it's probably a waste of time
We are back up, thanks everyone for your patience!
Gemologist for the 1st jewel of the Triple Crown. Daddy Nose Best by a nose. El Padrino on Cinco de Mayo.
Account hacked today if you receive a message from me "Hey, so some real nasty things are being said about you here" Please Don't Open Sorry
Who wants free tickets to the show tonight? Well get ready! The 1st person to RT the next message gets a pair to tonight's show!
RIGHT. I'm sorry but I'm so sick of it because other ICONiacz have absolutely no respect whatsoever.
Wow!!! Dallas coming close...
bummer. What about Sarah?
But they have no money right?
Listening to Madonna's "Girl Gone Wild" that begins with a modified Act of Contrition. That's basically like Morning Prayer, right?
Jennifer's picks are in 97th percentile on espn. May be soon to change
Power's out at Lakeside Villas apartments on the Northeast side. Ice covered power lines, perhaps?
Floor-Licking Related Poisoning or Transient Global Amnesia? Which would you prefer?
Santa Margarita leads Bellarmine 3-1 after two periods. Three of game's four goals have been PPGs
Thanks for following! Here's to flourishing in life after 50!
whatever it was, I apparently didnt find it as funny. We always had fun, I still remember that night. I miss those times
RT Olympics: Israel asks IOC to open with minute's silence to honour athletes killed at 1972 Olympics
As much as I can't stand him, did I really just pick up Inge for my fantasy team????
You have a landline?!
you guys should definitely do it! Lol it could get more hits than jbiebs 
I mean, I have 1,000s of docs right now. I could keep lugging around my computer to read them.
& DrMRFrancis thanks for tweeting meetings this week Informative & enjoyable.
If you're gonna act like people are there to ruin your day rather than take food orders, just quit your job & go home. #ohare Reggio's C22
many thanks 4 getting in touch with me! ur Child Abuse Anti Bullying System (CAABS) looks to be an amazing tool 4 children!
QoTD: "Take the world as it is, not as it ought to be." (German Proverb)
You can't help everyone. But everyone can help someone.
Reconciling financial transactions monthly seems old fashioned.
lol, he's saying he was bored and it was a parody
I am looking forward to throwing today. Brought the glove and we'll see what I am made of.
when I met u, #duh?!
News on every #MLB team in 1 place-www.ussportspages.com
Miss you, love! <3
Well you're smart and funny. Two high-ranking qualities. Besides we have an evil alliance. Gotta #ff that: p
Brrr...On a day like this, how do you dress up your child to keep him or her warm?
good luck today! So glad you have such gorgeous weather!
I will never say NEVER!
I miss the sights and sounds of the ocean.
NEW MIXTAPE COMIN OUT NEXT WEEK FOR DA STREETS....
We really appreciate the many businesses, venues, and artists we get to work with everyday!
Congrats! I've got 2 more years until I get mine! Counting down the days :)
's To Know the Library Is To Love the Library--But Who Knows the Library? Contrast btwn users & non-users ()
sure ok
Alomar got 5 games for spitting in an umpires face and then saying the ump had an ax to grind because his son died. Brett Lawries? Not close
“: He was never held accountable for his terrible play by the coaches. At all.” it's Sunday today btw....
yeah but tomorrow--- CARRIEEEEE! If we don't get bloody I want a partial refund!
I can't wait for tomorrow ! Mahomies know why :)
Pls explain 2 me why 2011 SBIR dept of ed awards are delayed for over a month?
I.am.finished.with.exams.!!!! Moving to 6th grade!!!! Yes what a way to start a great summer!! After 2yrs of no school & I'm in my level(:
have the best time! I'm so jealous! I'm sure it will be amazing!
you can get 60k in build out subsidized if you open on h street
BAGGY LOW PANTS ALL THE WAY
Coach Brett Bielema was also interviewed in this latest document. He says he had no reason to suspect any problems with Chadima.
#Authors, have you been to lately? I have a few groups there, but revisited & they're helping with #agent searches.
Glad the storms have passed (for now) for folks flying into #ACPA12 here in Louisville. Be sure to bring your waders though folks!
I could murder a calf for some pollo tropical curry mustard sauce right now
Lookiin forward to Everyday learning something new about you
Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket. ~George Orwell
Story time at Maple St. Books with Miss Maureen this morning, 10:00 am @ Healing Center & 11:30 am Uptown. /via
No your just the only one that would write back -.-
Fuck yeah! Got the night off work! Now back to looking up hot girly bondage pics on the internet!
jordin has a saggy vagina
I'm here, I got you if you don't make it
Sex is the number 1 topic searched on the internet. No surprise there.
Agree, but generalizations are what makes research & epistemology possible. Interesting to spot trends for strategic purposes.
I wish could sing and stop sounding like killing cats
yuckie predatory personalities look for places they can find people who are vulnerable, blame them, not their faith.
That'd be an interesting research study RT : When will call centers learn that terrible hold music just makes people angry?
#kids Family Friendly Block Party at KNOX on May 12, 2012 at Knox Dallas, Sat, May 12 1:00p: Knox District will host KnoxFest, a family...
SexTip: Practice bringing your partners desire up and then moving away from the area targeted, tease her until she can take no more.
Can you still see straight? Come down this evening at 7:30PM to see The Delaneys and Dirty $anchez at the Hard Rock Cafe!
First snowfall in #Oberstaufen!
I just... the model isn't working so I broke out of it to innovate on my own and now I have to go through red tape to attend ntl conference
RT : Joy comes from using your potential. -Will Schultz
are you still sore from a workout that happened a week ago?
Great things gone happen this year!
i don't see anything now so just say what you wanna say. its kinda funny how I'm not listening anywaaayyyyyy
Your dumb and idk
Forever shouting that nigga this ain't for bitch.stfu and suck my flock hoe 9!!!!
ya maybe a studio or building on First Friday? Went last weekend and it was packed!
We hung out last night with Margo Martindale @ the ReRun Theatre in Brooklyn...
Looking forward to week #3 of swimming lessons with my 2 year old tonight! sing it with me Y M C A !
But their votes do come from the lower income classes and the very high incomes.
celly you know that i miss you i just wanna get wit u but i can right now so kiss me thru tha phone
Madonna's new single features your girl Nicki Minaj
you have to love Tayla fans. JOHN MAYER WROTE ALL ABOUT HER! Lmfao just kidding I haven't even listened to his new songs
ODOT cam...Crash I-5 SB at Nyberg Rd. has been moved to the right shoulder...
Thanks fam! I hope you're doing well. Keep spreading the love
I am watching the bodyguard right now and it is so sad Whitney Houston was such a great person she just couldn't control he addiction
Currently reading: The Fashion Designer Survival Guide. Both enlightening and terrifying!!! Pick it up young designers!
NOTE!!! The #CU v. #CSU game takes place this SUNDAY & NOT SATURDAY!!! Some tix were printed before schools changed schedules!
you're going to live them!!
I'm hunting wabbits!
Damn mall look like zombie land
"Before hiring Delmark, I had asked two other companies to give me quotes. I would recommend Delmark to anyone looking for electricians"
hey megan you're lovely and fantastic
“: I'm in that two seat lambo with yo girl she tryna jerk me” Lamborghini mercy
Very exciting. Sad to miss the meeting.
I wanna be on the "its mine I spend it " movement
haha, jaysus, sure id tip over!! lol, i like my itty bittys, more than a mouthfuls a waste eh??? ill keep tellin myself that!
Give someone a hug today!
CHECK YOUR DM!
If you like Scentsy or if you want your whole house to smell wonderful, tweet me and I'll hook you up.
Please help us by facebook liking our site :p
Hoping 108 legislators will again participate in #GAPreKWeek this year and that other will join (Oct 1-5)!
you were in Philly...of course! I'll be up that way NEXT week!
TOWNIES FOREVER
new admin ..
going to get a treadmill. so now I have no excuse not to workout. right?
I am going to a meeting at Rutgers in New Brunswick later today
Just rode horses for the music video! We've never done that before!! Woah! So cool!
His heart was in the right place. He's an old friend and I could laugh at that and tell him why. He wasn't offended.
Extremely traumatic, those autoflush toilets. It'll take 50 years or so of therapy to undo the damage.
Brilliant: In CA, cold war did not influence CRM as in other regions. Widening a narrative complicates our understanding
I love the childhood rationale that our blanket not only keeps us warm but serves as a magic forcefield to fend off monsters.
Cleverly Disguised As A Responsible Adult.
dont tell me somebody tryed too do dat too u
Wow, I've been out of the loop. Congrats!
#CanSomeoneTellMeWhy there are 3million women and girls worldwide enslved in the sex trade
Lanie, thanks for the follow! Can I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now
I love being a DJ cause i could wear whatever to the club
We apologize for that...a lot of really excited volunteers on the phone over here...^jh
“: I don't think I need Klout to have clout.” // so much useless nothing out there nowadays.
that makes sense
wow not just in the restaurant but on the sink too -_- really squirts''
Crazy ish going down at 46th & Fremont: at least 4 cop cars, two cuffed guys, one violently yanked from cop car onto asphalt as I passed
Lawrence Mulligan of azotel says grew ireland isp bc there was no wireless broadband.
Today is National Puppy Day... Hit LIKE if you are excited about it :) #Happy National Puppy Day!
Too many chances here for NY
Indeed, although you can just cake off song writing...
Don't even think about holding my hand!
Follow For updates on Miami Food Truck locations.
Have you had half your Gchat list get blocked when you signup for G+? Bug is keeping me from joining friends on there!
Fighting Illini are Fighting Irrelevancy. Groce hire is new low in Illini athletics.
Free cone day at Ben & Jerry's! That includes the ice cream right? #LactoseIntolerant!
so true!! Umm let's not talk about that...
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 19
aww sweet ... you are my
i am there as styledelights
I'm not sure how I feel about this Charles Barkley Weight Watchers ad where he's dressed as a woman...
Glad to help! RT People are already finding their coupons for Need-A-Nerd? Computer Service! Thank you Valpak!
Don't take this shit serious...
Welcome #COM2016! MT : Last Open House ever with the :( don't make me graduate! (@ Tsai Center)
dont give up. I got him to follow when I spent like an entire weekend with my phone and sending him hundreds of tweets.
you are one amazing singer!! i vote fore you every week!! keep it goin you inspire me! RT please? :)
What makes Kickstarter unique is after you pledge, your credit card will be charged after we reach our target goal of $5,000.
Happy #Friday! RT if you have a #Fun weekend planned!
I like u in da movie too u where about to set it off lol
I think I 'undersold' my research skills with the verbiage i chose (1st round of business cards)
At the end of this #SuperTuesday I am content with my vote and am committed to voting for the #republican nominee in November.
I often feel like tweeting is akin to shouting from the rooftops. Maybe that's why the click of the Tweet button feels cathartic.
Thanks for the RT!
Yahoo&#39;s brilliant solution
I DID!! KEEP refreshing! it says i follow you!
I do 'love you' Chris, you rule!!!!
... can't agree any more hahs!!
i know you guys probably secretly hate me... Im really sorry. I was being really stupid.
done with work, done with the gym, it's Friday let the sin begin. I'll be there for you in the morning
I suppose if the characters hadn't stood and born the consequences, Mr. S. wouldn't have had himself much of a tragedy
Agreed the #LAWind is roaring tonight, not feeling so great about my windows holding up, they're rattling like crazy!
Hey if you guys get us 100 followers by the end of Friday we will give each of you a shout out
uh ohh okayy!! That's what I'm tlkn bout , is that the first all year ?
are you having a class next sunday ?
"I know I'm fat and I know my hair is straight, but I can sing." Kate Smith, born on this day in 1907.
We are at the bar in the back
Taking something for this headache.
Will do. Thanks for the help!
Like, do they go on existing on this plane now that I no longer validate their existence. Here's looking at you kid.
Student of mine at Berkeley in 1992, I knew she would do very well!
28 ain't enough, you need more.
Philip's BBQ on Degnan in Leimert Park. RT : #SouthLA: Where are your favorite places to eat in the area?
It's rare person who doesn't get discouraged in the face of adversity. The answer to overcoming adversity lies in one word: PERSEVERANCE!
Starting "The Lean Startup" by
we're starting the second movie.. we have been in the back of the truck for hours now, thought this might be creepy but it's actually fun
well thank you ma'am!
MTU mobile site is collaborative project with computer design classes.
Caught your article in Visiting Denver for a conf. Are you in DEN area & if yes can I buy you a coffee, talk shop?
kid is a Quincy rat.
RT : the drinks are perfect
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. -Langston Hughes
Luv it when folk get up with nothin but the WILL TO CREATE! Peace!
Trying to fuck
Lighting has a significant impact on both the aethestic and functional elements of your living space
Very Nice... Thank you.
Thanks for the mention!
The #designdistrict is on fire! Well, not literally. But you really need to get down here.
Finally, I'll think of something other than Lolita when Philip Humber is mentioned!
Need to stop watching the #oscars and fix the android app. Please update the app.
Goodnight, Twitter. Off to study. Wish me luck on finals tomorrow xx
There's a woman at Subway who is filling up her drink containers with soda for free
you never know lol
“: just make sure you guys play Underneath :) it would make my 5hr journey to the show like 628498x better!” // we are!!
thanks for the follow I followed back
Now wtf was I about to say... lol
Who are you sending your songs to?
In yourself there are limitations but in God all restrictive opposition is broken. Nothing is impossible!
Weds at 7:30 "Using the hell out of Vim" presented by Bring a laptop and get started using Vim.
#top10Lies Its not you, its me.
Fact of the day: Poison ivy is not ivy and poison oak is not an oak. They are both part of the cashew family
yes, we're working on a new project that could be pretty cool. we'll know if it's going to really take off next month.
#ifitwasuptome I would have magical powers!
is looking for new producers to be in house producer of interested contact 601-906-9185 or sodamnprettyent
still looking for gilligan and the skipper too
Hello tweeps...#Goodafternoon! Looking forward to a #Dodgers win today!
"Shitbums", though not a word "officially", is now my favorite word. Well said!
only eight more hours!!!
Pride is coming back next year!!! Now, I have to make the hardest decision of my entire life...
Factual account of Obama 2008 promises on Hannity is excellent because it is truth about facts. Drip drip drip hatred for POTUS is pointless
Evryone follow me
“: ...What you think of me is none of my business...<<<<<love it! My bro taught me to say that!;-)
going to central park in NY today!
Happy Friday!!! What are you doing this weekend?
#random are you helping this weekend with the 'senior send off'?
It's always a good Monday morning in San Diego when the Chargers have won the game the day before! Yay!
June 25th! June Birthday Bash at Mastrellas in Sea Breeze! Come out for some awesome classic rock and our Fleetwood Mac Tribute!!
SEND ME SUM OV UR MUSIC TO,MY EMAIL
Still smoking hot in LA!
Why no one is challenging the Ferreted One is beyond me...
Governor Dayton says bonding bill is about putting Minnesotans to work. Most in private sector
I saw the scariest zombie tonight... not kidding.
He doesn't want out, get your facts straight. He said he doesn't like moving to 3rd, but he's going to do it anyway.
Appscan is not happy with any of us.
Our winner of the Iron Works BBQ gift certificate is Vickie McQueen of Lampasas ISD. Come to booth 1814 for your prize!
Money doesn't buy happiness, but it does buy a larger range of choices.
“: "We're really just best friends. And we like to travel." #lifeat50” it's the truth!!
screw you saw! Unsub'd and unfollowed
I haven't seen Avengers. But my friend said she loved it. I've been cooped up in my studio trying to finish my paintings :(
One hour til' the trek to the fashionable east side begins
Can't wait for LIVE shows to start next week!
i doubt i can go on friday, but will let you guys know if that changes
Trying to get battlefield 3 installed is a nightmare.
"10-inches is the minimum screen size to create great tablet apps." -Steve Jobs
This week on the DDC, we are dealing with time, its Lyndsay's choice,
Tough tonight as we face our growing pains and we will grow our sound system for next week. Thanks for being cool all. You guys ROCK!
#ItsCrazyHow i'd never thought my life would turnout like this, the opposite of what it was a year ago.
Thanks to all of our new followers
My mom talking to the window replacement guys in our house about our trip over spring break
Probably really late on this but, whoa new !
Official Led Zep tribute band news .... Summerfest show booked ! 100 degree days and rock shows. YES.
Had to get some new workout gloves yesterday cuz the ones I had...I just weren't feeling them anymore. i just needed something basic.
can you wish me a happy birthday??!!!!! I would faint!! <3 I would mean a lot.
Damon had better defensive days? He could cover ground, but that's about it.
Boy, do I know that feeling. *uncomfortable*
out of school early! its the weekend :D
Looking for a writer with proposal writing experience. 2-3 M proj in the NW Chi Suburbs. interested? contact via Twitter or LI
Bitches who call you over to blow her back out, but flip the script soon as the blunt is gone is down bad advertisin pussy for bud,
I would love it if u follow me for my b day today
HEAD SCRATCHER! America is barely 300 years old. Strong African dynasties lasted for thousands of years. Y don't we and our youth know that?
Ahh the thrill of a secret.
T: "Let's have an orgy!" M: "Who is invited?" T: "You, me, and our SOULS"
Just vaccumed an cleaned out 2 cars. Fulfillment
Fun glass etching class tonight! Always so nice to see what people design. :)
well get ready for college. essay galore
I'm constantly warning people of this city to be patient and have fortitude. Even though we are bombed, we must be able to take it. [1942]
Oh ew. I need a manicure
John Travolta would be so jealous if he knew my masseur massages me with his penis
yea bout that pimping ain't easy lol
Do you get joy from my misery I'd like to think
"Friday night and I don’t have a clue - Just in the crowd...We’re dreaming as we move." ::the clientele::i wonder who we are::
I'm going to sleep soon because I'm old but I wanted to wish you a happy birthday! Happy 21st, have so much fun!!! I love you! <3
I sensed that about you! They are lucky we both aren't there!
thanks for following us Shyla!
Blues at the Bluseum rescheduled for June 26th due to air conditions from AZ wildfire. Come out, it's going to be smokin' hot!
Shoutout to North Florida -- -- hold it down in Tally -- check out us your way at blacknorthflorida.com
Sleeping in? Overrated.
I'm looking forward to seeing the kids' spine poetry
did you come to our cabaret?
Being a teen nevr felt so good
hey! that's good.. I think. haha, I miss you too. I'm good though. wbu, what's new?
Physically based: go to stacks, look in databases. Not suggesting interactions with libns.
what u mean? or did u mean whats up?
Why are we waiting in line to see this movie.
If people insist on acting like an idiot, I must insist on treating them like one.
your welcome! I hope you get REALLY active. I can link you in to those people if you'd like!!!
Telling someone how you feel is honestly the hardest s**t ever
Welcome to my world. Same goes for milk cartons on an all-too-often regular basis.
to sleepy -,-
Book events - Arizona Daily Star Book events Arizona Daily Star Hanukkah Storytime - Barnes & Noble, 5130 E. Broadway. Chabad of Tucson c
Laker show baby;)
The pace of technological change is changing the pace of our lives, especially in the biz world - Anthony J. Bosco Jr.
Only You Can Be You....anybody else would be a cheap imitation.
the last time the nba had a shortened season went to the finals
is awesome. Just saying.
Oh that would just be brutal irony.
There are tons of ugly kids at my friends apts. And they r like at the poor peoples apartments near ASU
Don't redefine charity. Improve our methods of charitable giving and involvement.
Happy Holidays from ACM and all the members of the Palomar Ensemble!
do NOT be sorry for a loss where you gave 100%. Well-played game and entire season. Thank YOU, for a great season.
10am-4pm ... Elk Grove High School Craft Show. Be there or be ... not there.
So what's your opinion? Who is going to make the final four on #TheVoice?
Warm endorphin afterglow from YMCA swim. Happy to share sauna with two twinks holding hands instead of the old creeper pumping away lasttime
:) btw, you're gorgeous
Ready to go home
Watching a colleague switch between an iPad, laptop, and bberry.
The amount of data created this year will equal the amount of data ever created in the history of man. - from the "Agnostic, Maybe" blog
come on guys lets get more followers than this pickle!!! come on our fans kick ass, spread the word and follow us
What's The Link? Let's Push This
it was at 5:15pm CST today. Our team found that you went offline for a few minutes onto your backup server. No biggie, only 10min
Get the passionate users as they will reach the others for you
I'm completely obsessed with Lee Seung Gi
Vice was driven by print, now driven by online video. Expensive but necessary. Developed partnerships w/brands that go beyond CPM
in some conversations it feels good to say NO. i enjoy being
A 1 minute kiss burns 26 calories?! If that's true i need to start working out more
I mean, also, it's to infuriate those of us who rightfully prefer red peppers but that's a less helpful answer
how iz it weird¿
MT : If only Google had some way of disseminating info to a mass userbase when its web apps (looking at ) go down.
We cannot always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future. Franklin Delano Roosevelt
Well hello!
How'd I miss this photo!? Looks like a nice day 4 the beach. Thanks 4 sharing a glimpse into the 's shoot day with
RT Follow this great twitters
HAPPY NEDA WEEK DARLINGS! LOVE YOUR BODY BECAUSE IT'S THE ONLY ONE YOU WILL EVER HAVE! LETS REPRESENT!
I seriously miss my baby mamas and Don't make me come find y'all asses!
good month - deer season, spend it in da woods!
I'm here too just woke up to one staring at my face
I'm giving up... Nothing for lent.
#oomf caught my attention ... In a good way lol
I have not. But I do need legal help. My family will not help me.
Glutena's #GF oatmeal actually tastes like oatmeal!
#always <3 besides the fact that my looks are dashing, I can make killer cookies& I'm funny, you found yourself a catch (;
Nice to be connected on twitter.Have a wonderful day. ;-)
RT : I have run R&R for 3 years & in that time 2 state runners-up, 1 state semi, 3 district titles & 2 regional titles.
hey did you grad yet???
Let me be my own kind of beautiful..
Everyone go follow right now who ever does rt this and I will follow you back
Hola! needs runners/bloggers help w/LA Race 4 Cure in Sept! cc
:) glad to have you as a follower as well!
Registration sign-in begins at 7:30 am (7 am 4 exhibitors) tmrw for #sdp2p. Exhibit hall opens at 9 am!
Exactly y I could never b wit him I hate a nigga who talk more than a bitch!!! A man need to say as lil as possible wen talkin to a woman
Honestly wouldn't surprise me after he came up big last game but better to stick with the hot hand.
Not sure whether to be excited or concerned by the Hegelian undertones of my wedding vows.
I don't like how says 'Pakistan' and 'Taliban.'
We almost made it!!
I see it coming from a mile away.
well he's certain a handsome old man. and he certainly is music boner worthy.
Shopping today(:
Looks like a Mogwai.
Off to the airport to pick up daddy! ^.^
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Kiss Her On Her Forehead.
I am not single, I’m romantically challenged.
Hyped about moving out !
Wow I thank alot of you for sticking with me even though I havent tweeted on this account in awhile! Should catchup with alot of ur tweets
Your truck has the taco vista.
What you didn't know was that all the actors were actual zombies. SAG union rules. Complicated.
Thanks so much!
Oh damn this Levels Reverse edit sounds badass!
Im tweeting from my TV.
If I can't be there, I send my peeps! Exito tonight
RT : RT : Please don't RT everyone that drinks your beer.
type A pro
too bad you are not around anymore.
RT : For most writers, the second draft is worse than the first. - John Truby
Stated Producing a Documentary Short today, about two great LA artists coming together on an art project in East LA. Love making movies!
Back in the golden fleece in York....more ghosts than customers??blues music-too much!
. TY! My share is: Sixteen Short Novels - anthology, Wilfrid Sheed
Add me on xbox live! my gamer tag is AtTheSkylines92
TY. I'll post it tonight RT Awesome website Do you know where I can find the most recent case management order
Take time to research who gets the "hits" from your video content in search results. You want to lead traffic straight to your site.
we should do a collaboration T-shirt for ...... Just saying
Thank you to for the newsletter mention of Bob Frause's 2011 Jay Rockey Lifetime Achievement Award! We are so proud!
So hype to be at Willy T all night...
Just when I thought I couldn't be more addicted to my iPhone... The 4S. Love
Please stop letting #JimThome bat, Charlie. Just let him rest in peace.
Wrought means, work or labor, so I want them to realize the efforts we Americans sustained while they were alive! Plus an inferno
Meaning countries in Europe are most popular. Thanks for catching it! :)
having tacos tonight!
Tower 23 hip, cool decor, syrah at sunset spectacular, a pb jewel
You're very welcome, happy to confirm. :)
Buying this damn plane ticket..I hate flying now cause i do it so much...but fuck that long car ride shit.
:D I heard you were going away. :(((
Ut-oh! RT : 29 texts, 4 missed calls and a Tweet. I think was trying to get hold of me last night hahahaha
no because I was outside 12 minutes ago..
#DoctorWho returns tomorrow at 7.10pm! oh my gosh I can hardly wait
haha that's awesome! Didn't know they even televised such a sport. Which network?
**One more...#ihavenotolerance for HOME-WRECKERS!
I think the internet gods are effing with me. No internet at home and no internet at work!! What did I do to deserve this?? :p
Cars taken in , gonna be in for a long while according to the guy . But I'm LOVING the rental car :P #yayforfixingmycar!
Just drove my sister car to the crib high az hell
hey people
I'm so jealous of you girls!!
What a day. Looking forward to warmer weather this week. Maybe I can find some time for fishing? :)
": Killer Whales are not whales at all, rather a species of dolphin." not surprised. Dolphins are dangerous
i followed u follow back plz
suck it bish .!.
Living in a pre-war apartment, soon to be a post-war apartment.
#Saturday #RT If you having a good Saturday so far
We're thankful for all of our clients, fans and followers! We love talking design with you! Happy Thanksgiving!
...w/ all my stuff on the table, agent says "OK, sorry about that--I'll let you pack it all back". Thanks, my one good arm will get on that.
It's beyond rude. It's totally unacceptable. I'm notorious for giving the evil eye to movie texters.
C'mon Karma!! Remember all those times I.... or that one time... uh... aw shit... I'm not getting these tix, am I?
I hate school :c
Today someone parodied Justin Bieber to me.. and I'm proud to say I didn't get the joke
I'm guessing since she told me she never lost a fight I'm suppose to be scared, hoe tighten up
There's a parable in there somewhere. And I think it's telling me to get BBQ tomorrow night.
Unbelievably great again man. Stay who you are because you are BRILLIANT.
If you know of anyone who lives on the south side of Seattle who could host me for an evening, please email me at
#DNC No energy like #wirecall, you need us ~
They should try and get Ryan Gosling to play a marvel character. He would fit in with the Avengers cast.
hey #socent folks, gotta check out inspired line-up of people making a real impact on the world
Mandatory porch time. Trying to fix this terrible runners tan by Saturday for the off-the-shoulder dress I just bought.
job issues?
Out w/ friends post Alvin Ailey American Dance Theatre. We all agree- if u don't love black people after seeing Alvin Ailey, u nevuh will!!
RT We've got Romney back ahead in our FL forecast and gaining quickly. Newt needs a big debate tomorrow.
We can't wait to meet the students from CB Christian School!! Feb 25, Tampa Convention Center! Thx for spreading the word!
Lawyeres are NOT negotiating with the GCs. They are negotiating with procurement departments and are not prepared.
We all just woke up... At 1am? SMH wide awake
y u say that chief... lol...
My cousin gone be mad when he get home and see that i already bounced......
“: My TL was live yesterday between the laker and heat fans”
congrats on being preggo good luck!!
Yay for Net+ class =/
we are building "Kickstarter x AngelList" for filmed entertainment. Chris Erro mentioned your name. Open to meeting?
The breach of the levies in NOLA was the disaster before the disaster that called into question the best/worst of our country
FREE movie @ SECCA tonight: The Parting, created by local producers. Topic: challenges of immigration in the US. 7 pm.
Which other authors do you like I love Roxanna Robinson,Louise Erdrich,Marilynne Robinson,Junot Diaz,Philip Roth, many more!
sarah silverman is cute and smart the video is a bit unnerving though!
Currently working with www.dysFUNKy.com. They r really dope.
I'm explosive
Sounds perfect. Thank you for making us a part of your special day.
Get Ready for tonight!EDEN will be on fire!
great vibes in the air today
Did Dark Horse Saloon in Canton close already? Drove by and looks like it's shut down. I guess that's just a tough location.
it must be insomnia season.
Watching Leprechaun, such a good movie!
Thank you for following back! Glad you liked Tucson! What brought you to town?
haha parkers car is almost as bad!
So excited to see Nat Baldwin tomorrow night!
Aww thanks! Yea check it out. I'm turning it all into a book. Something I've been working on for a little while now.
So my friend in math just told me that it is National Cat day... i wonder how she found that out.
please follow me please
Loves watching scary movies with the fam bam!!!
Bro date with
Hey Baby How's ur night
So basically they're not in anyone's face. Sad.
#IfItWasUpToMe I would see you everyday ❤
It's your fault I now have the Bee Gees 'Tragedy' song stuck in my head. Also, that's what I get for knowing Bee Gees songs.
Am thinking that illustrating some board books would be a terrific project.
Loves 80 degree August days.
I love dunkin donuts coffee!!!!
It’s National Volunteer Week! Last year, Prevent Blindness America volunteers across the country screened over 2.2 million children and ...
Who wants to be a friend and come share their Mary with me :) HMU!
I started a video marketing blog at HowToMakeMoneyWithVideos.com if anyones interested in providing me some feedback.
Do feelings follow actions or do actions follow feelings?
And here i thought you came from the deep end of the gene pool!
The OKC Improv Jam today at 3pm. Join us for the fun!
Oh. Pretty.
Coldplay make me feel better :(
Just purchased a Summerfest ticket package, I am now craving a sampler platter
Burgess and Burgess are discussing the history of the development of the Crime Classification Manual.
Good thing I just woke up...
zervoslives "Everything I've done, it's all been wrong. You know, I tried. I tried to keep it short. I know it took too fucking long."
Ha! Saw your tweet about #thewonderofwonder. I am reading it to 3 classes of 5th graders. Cried at the same place 3x today.
Still not a millionare, but life is still good :-)
off to st.louis see ya's <3 :) love ya all
I truly can say I was like Brad Pitt in Fight Club today....look out for soap bars from Luxe Essentials coming soon! #LuxeEssentials. com
We Ain't Got Nothing To Discuss ; I'm Tryna Bust Nuts
Same Old Song
Robbie Rivera Dance Or Die tonight at Club Cinema, buy your tickets from me so you don't pay extra at the door 954-654-5605
Thk u baby xoxo RT have a good day pretty lady you looks fine really every day
Archie Goodwin goes between the legs. Perfect score. Shabazz needs a 69 or higher to win.
that's awesome! lol!
do you go to CF? They gave the same roses haha
happy mothers day mamaa💓💓 I love you so much! couldn't ask for anyone better
Give us a try! We are all about beer, food, and service here!
A new year... new things to come. Believe in Better!
your such a liar
hahaha yes it is. Hello twitter world! Let the fun begin
What word are you thinking?
yay!! You're back!!
That would be a new kind of Tex-Mex taste treat, but no,; the hard-shell taco on the side please.
u took me on knowing what I could turn into and had faith in me from first meeting u are a blessing
Anybody else find Kari from MythBusters sexy?
#oregon is going to win the pac 12
Steroids are a helluva drug, Giambi is still playing
Q. Why did the belt go to jail?A. Because he held up a pair of pants!
Duquette called in sick. Poor guy bedridden all day. In other news my red Ferrari's gone and someone sang Twist and Shout in a parade today.
gerald perry. Very underrated bad brave.
Thank u “ aw.... happy birthday Paully my love!! =)”
Man , never , you got a knew number huh?
no quiet meal with cousin.
Hey there, (Marylhurst), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
sad I missed me some mishegas last night.
Ah... day two on the YNN Rochester assignment desk, down
We have plans to tour in the summer so make sure to keep in touch! And thanks so much for listening to the music!
I sure dont.
nope I don't, and no I never leave anything in my car either
": What's a good countdown app" i have final countdown 111 more days till the ND v Navy game
that's like a "Hulu exclusive day rate"
Never have I ever met someone so pathetic as you
Leaving FL today, huge bummer.
guard always should be upp
Congratulations on grabbing the first pre-sale ticket - See you in June!
needs to stop hitting my boys
Every imaginable illusion of separation is employed by this system. Divide and conquer is the most simple and effective method of control.
having a bad monday? lol not with AC!
ANOTHER HAWKS GOAL! Walters gets his first of the night. Assisted by Davis and Keogh.
Rock on Jimmy Star!! We are coming your way soon!!!
hanging out with my dog after one crazy night in madison. dorzy pea, krissy boo, nelly pie <33
Michael C. Hall is right next to me. Oh my god, he's so hot.
“: Dandy duo of & is the best I have seen in last 20 years" better than &
It's more your silence than what you say that tells me volumes about what you feel.
11:11 is when girls waste wishes on guys when we could be wishing for food!
Wine while I get my hair done? Oh if you insist.
U Still Tryin To Get That Tee??
So I think the P(S1 > S2) where S1 has the larger median is simply the proportion of the overlap to the full range of S2
Reminds me of the quote, "It depends on what your definition of is is." Nice, safe response!
#SheenRoast was so funny!
running on 3 hours of sleep. yay!
fml i wanna make money not loose out ppl telln me i need to only kp one job i hate this
your alive! (':
feeling like $2..I hope my manager doesn't have that stupid pouty look on his face today
RT : "If Britney Spears can make it through 2007 I can make it through this class"-me every time in Math class 😒
Why is it that a product sold as"Garlic Pepper" has salt?
#Avengers this weekend
how crappy did that taste?
Damn I need me a homie, lover,friend foreal!
we'll be up there around the same time shooting video.
No I am not Ehud and you know that. I am just someone who see BOTH sides of the conflict. What I said is completely true.
Thx for the re-tweets on my mass jokes tonight... it's quite beneficial to me to see what you guys liked best as an aspiring comic.
Prom Tonight........IMA BE TURNT UP TONIGHT ALL THE WAY
what's the most memorable moment u have had in your career?
Does anyone think Dyson would have faux-inside-the-park-homerunned Quintero's "double" (reached third on the throw).
Ian Tx You! Once again you have given us a great topic to ponder. Will return with input of our discussions.
"The struggle over abortion rights is at its heart a struggle about women's autonomy." - Joni Seager, Penguin Atlas of Women
Partied hard and then woke up with fucking pink eye. Jesus.
How did I end up here? At a bar called Urge that's right next to another bar called Cock.
Pretty Woman
Still on about petrol strike .
i wanna go home and sleep.
Oh stat how I hate you
Will I ever start a new job and not be sick? Not today. Stupid allergies/cold.
Have determined there are a stunning number of lunatics on the loose.
No that's okay, 20 items or less really means fill the whole cart. and yes, feel free to pay with 12 different credit cards.
It's amazing how someone can make you feel, without being anywhere near you.
Black is beautiful.
Mind blown
At least those looking can find me easy. That is what helps me so much.
Already done! :-)
#Flu season is officially in full swing... Are you prepared? Find out where flu shots are offered near you and take the kids ASAP!
Welcome to the dude... We've been waiting for a middle LB like you since Trotter...
What yall talkin bout I call it Space Mountain...Thats where my ladies Reach 4 da Stars cause of the pipping!!!
ASDFGHJKL I wish I was at Bamboozle to see right now! askjfbasijfbasifbasfbasfvbasf x'(
I blame for my famousness.
Cito Culver to sign autographs at Collector Fest Monthly in Webster tonight 6-8pm
is that show pretty solid? i haven't watched yet, I love Zooey too much to see her in something shitty :(
RT : nevr try 2 B better thn sum1 else Learn from others & try 2 B the best U cn B Success is the by-product of preparation
who is manuel lol
This nigga taking 10 years to roll this sh.t
What's your favorite Christmas song?
“The voice of authority may mock you – but it is you who decides your success or fate.” – Angela Oberer
Thanks for the support!
so beautiful
So Smash is just a whiter version of FAME?
Had no idea until now that the lovely orange sunlight today was a by-product of wildfires. Looking back, it did seem wrong, somehow.
Amazingly, Hornets tried to tank last night in Charlotte...and still won. lol
I can't wait to get done with work today!
You gotta have a sense of humor. Without one life would suck.
so tomorrow should be easyish. If he shows up
I meant in general.
Thanks Davin! Hope you're doing well.
After school date at RJ Grunts in Lincoln Park. I love
Managing Digital Asset with Full Expertise | Website Design Theme
all proceeds will fund Liverpool Football Club, amirite?
Great win for Beitar last night, a little wiggle room from the bottom now, but not much
our show is on lifetime in 14 minutes :-)
Everyone go follow !
So glad you are enjoying the John Williams music. Anna Singer will play Harry Potter for you in the next half hour.
Many thx Charlie..hope all is well. Lots more room here for others wanting to "live the dream"!(: Hv an awesome wkend my friend
Enjoyed celebrating 's birthday today with the family. #Godisgood to have blessed me w/ such a wonderful friend & mother! :)
LeSean McCoy may be saving my life right now.
Tomorrow, Shai Maestro Trio at (NY) 8:30pm. Last chance to hear us before the European Tour and our recording!
Hit about 75 9-irons at the driving range today. Pretty good for the first swings of the year.
Social Studies -_-
u can choose,pick one lol :D <33 and u'll tell me what happen in da movie,kay? xD <33
check out our website & see what else we can do for your next event!!! www.MOMENTUMCLEVELAND.com
It's official: I'm moving to Hong Kong or New York after my holidays in a week. Adios London, hello...?? Let the adventure begin....
really that's that serious bout what u want.....results...
How much for katebosworth.com?
I bet! Shake dem single dread! :3
what, it was ready? Can I get it today?
I'm ok with the whole 'class warfare' thing. After all, the rich fired the first shot.
heehee yeah you are! So how's life? Get your new ink yet?!
Will not win Scoring Title in 2012.
ture blood season5 will be in june of 2012
Im so bored:(
your going to be 14 tomorrow ah<3
I ain't supposed to be a boss, I'm supposed to be a enforcer! I'm supposed to hold a gun, not get stuck in the office!
ah!! I had no idea. doug and i want a dog but manny was less than thrilled during the visit. how are your cats?
The Art of War, I'm from NJ
Haha i flipped my sis off and she was like "OMG YOU'RE LIKE NAILL!"
The #Vikings cut Ryan Longwell. So I guess he won't see the team get moved to Los Angeles.
Enjoying a quiet Sunday!
#TwitterlessDavidBrown had a good run. Half a school day
Lion King 2, wine, and house to myself
bread baking and fresh orechiette w/anchovies, chili and olive oil
me me me me me!
NEMESYS is in mixdown. Album's still underway. Deadline??? Who said anything about a deadline?! ;)
I would get superglue all over my fingers today. :/
Stop hogging awards of more deserving films, Hugo, like #DragonTattoo and
we'll find out tonight
Oh my gossh so many new followers :DD thaanks every1 I will follow back later I promisee!
I'm actually in Austin Tx...
In the final countdown to
At IA State Capitol hoping to watch Condition of State Address/budget, but NOT allowed in. So much 4 peoples house.
wow I seriously can't wait to play this . I'm gonna freak out lmao
Packing for San Francisco for dreamforce
#JayZSyncShow They should've hosted this AMEX concert in
Craving a midnight snack! UGH! What do you crave in the middle of the night?
“: Danny Briere credited with the goal, his 7th of the playoffs and second today. #Flyers” Oh Danny Boy!!!
guys I want a bf
Exactly! RT : Agreed. All that says to me is "I'm shallow & insecure." Certainly doesn't make me want to do business w/ them.
Yeahzaaaaa! : #Caps win! Congrats to
had I known we would have been there! How'd you like it?
That girl's pink hoodie looked like someone took a dump on it...
I can't stand a nigga that always trynna start shit with females.
1. Get silent movie 2. Apply angry bird sound effects to silent movie 3. Profit
Mayne why is it 3 instead of 6? I have #6 if you wanna borrow it?(: @
Why do they continue to pitch to Alberta?!?! The Cards are good but at home we can't let him beat us!
i will never understand why someone would be happy to be a #1 Heat Hater
make a big deal out of it. Quote '' OMG! Why do i have to move i didn't do anything. God i'l tired...'' unquote lol it probably didn't s ...
RT : Excited for the Rivers Crossing Community Church group that's leaving for Guatemala tomorrow!
Absolutely! That's really the point of it all I believe!
You're awesome! Thanks for the #ff (and for providing more Scramble entertainment!)
probably everyone
I'm gonna say this once! Don't ask me to Support your movement if I can't get you to support mine..
And facebook and myspace that dosent mean you have a ife
** Follow Our Partners ** Follow for everything relevant about the greatest city on earth
I just added Heathers to my movie queue. It's been too long. I need a refresher of red hair bows and boiler rooms....
Have a safe Fourth of July!!
Find out how you can create a residual income for yourself by promoting text marketing with ZesMo.com. www.zesmo.com
Dennys for lunch , then froyo , then b-dubs for dinner , imma get fat . . .
So ready for the weekend.
The Militant saw a one-legged cyclist(!) at
so i heard is gonna have a live chat tomorrow at 5.. i cant wait <3
Do you think blacks have a hard time including the gay minority because homosexuality is easily kept hidden?
The Heat is just that good. Have been all year but remember LBJ will shut it down when it comes to the finals.
Remember when we beat North Carolina in the Elite Eight? That was awesome!
RIGHT?!?! I thought that all freaking day today.
Everything that reminds me of you
This is an amazing debate.
Attn #spurrier critics: Why college football on Thurs, a school night? Forget education, players must bring in TV ratings!
Good morning twitter.
there ya go William. Get your UberFacts on
I can fake a smile when I feel horrible. I can pretend to be happy. I can do a lot, but what I can’t do is pretend that I don’t love you.
picking up prom dress :)
I value it and whether it's a joke 2 some only God can judge the matter of the issue. I still believe in 1 woman 1 man.
its wells tower. I think he writes about the American cackalack region, close to va.
#HappyBirthdayGRANDman we all love you! hope its fantastic! :) <33
It's kind of hard for me to feel bad that the #Grizzlies lost seeing as how they played so poorly on their own home court.
when did that ever stop me?
Follow back? :)
At Balthazar in SoHo #NYC. About to meet the talented !
Remember - if yesterday was your regular trash & recycling collection day, put it our tomorrow and we will pick it up.
We're trying now. :-)
probably. good memory. it was funnier the second time.
count me in!
Very much looking forward!
I know right! We should jack him For his seat RT : Don't have your 5 yr old in the first class bed.. Showing out
I'd watch RT : I think me and..... should have a #shirtoff August 15th
We're only 124 followers from giving away signed merch from your favorite artists! Help us out!
Never got that deal before. Sounds decent. The "lowballing" is in exchange for the convenience.
YES PLEASE
Absolutely loved 's 'Luminous Airplanes.' Now kinda baffled by the "immersive text" part. Am I really supposed to read all of this?
omg!! YOU HAVE TO GO. All your dreams could come true!
Dj'ing tomorrow with - always sold out, always a good time - , ,
haha well apparently those waffle fries I ate first did me in
Ohh - I agree. Men should not wear mock turtlenecks.. I thought you meant everyone.. :)
Yeah! Thanks for the tip!! Love Marni!
Not funny BUT isn't the hour nearly up? GO! RT : one hour til can take more pain meds...what have you seen today that is funny?
Love like a brother. Treat like a friend. Respect like a lover.
The #Brewers are laying an opening day egg. Good thing we have 161 more to play.
yes, i won't be using it as one though :]
Could it be Safe Nike Free to Take Antidepressant Medicines ...
That's certainly the case for NMNH! I keep that group in mind as a primary force in our online community.
On the school buss, to tired for this shyt.
facebook.com/carpender
Tune in to Sophie 103.7 at 9pm with to hear some live Tori tunes! Thank you Mookie!
but ..but, no RT: Because they are evil bastards who want to pollute the earth to make it unlivable."
Sponsorship Execs provide assets to recognize revenue, but the their real job is to help their partners do business.
Deliberate in counsel, prompt in action. 考慮は慎重に行動は敏速に
Stupid ass loud pakk got my head spinning NO🐮💩
How is your brain? Free cranial tests for all at Scotland Yard Pub Tomorrow at 8pm. The only real Pub Quiz!
Much like the media did with the Scott McClellan book, I choose to believe all the bad things in the Ed Klein book.
Rep Clyburn just admitted to the students in SC that he is good at responding to questions and sometimes he even answers a few.
Stayed up late studying loving the sleep now tho :D
Going to Seattle May 5 so excited :D!!!
He use to give me strength...back when I had faith in him...when he was mine.
#Falcons seriously?
"reportedly" we will find out April 11th
RT probably a facial, u need to meet me in Vegas next month to do a scene with me and
Great game last night! you guys look for real
thank you for the follow. I followed u back :-)
Prepared and presented a tailored overview of fund-raising methods for Hilltop Children's Center this past Thursday. Thanks Pat.
Peyton Manning has 2nd neck surgery, to miss at least 2-3 months
Stop by the VLP Library to pick up an event flyer and read about Grace Darin!
Hey Joe...how's you career coming along at 33 Across. Just wanted to check in and see what exciting things your up to. KP
Tomorrow, my family will celebrate their 390th Thanksgiving in America. I've missed a few of them.
well i wouldnt call yours saggy per se, but then again they havent been on me so i cant say that with certainty
"The only things between a person and what they want are the will to try and the faith to believe it's possible." -- Rich Devos
There is a guy on train singing "I'm feeling hungry. I like chicken. I'm feeling really hungry" #weirdtrainmoment!
"RT : Pindrop named 2012 “Cool Vendor” in Enterprise Communications and Network Services by Gartner”
Me too!!
A life without cause is a life without effect.
They're taking the old card catalog out of Alderman today & selling it to an antique shop!
has to like the best general ever besides G. Washington she's bought #arianaarmy to a whole new level♥
The NEEDS 10 more followers within the next hour PLEASE N THKS LOL:-)
I have a bad sense of humor
omg!! I love it!
ha so good right! glad you enjoyed.
OMFG. My wallet isn't in my pants. FUCK.
<---- Ciroc an Cranberry
our pleasure, look forward to hearing from you =)
Absolutely! I'll be all duck'd out in yellow and green :)
can't sleep. I wake up every morning abt 2.. :-(
Oh, besides me?
smh 😒joe you just take it to far bro
I would be happy to fund this research with my tax dollars.
Lo Lo's got the best chicken
Gonna get down this fridaayyy 😉😄😜😊😁
I love Summer Sex Seshes with hot German rocker chicks that are set up in May. God Bless America. LOL
About to write that Econ paper tomorrow at lunch... #Lazy #LoveMyBed 💤💤
Excited to join and looking forward to attending some events and getting to learn more about the advertising industry!
R.I.P. to Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys. One of the greatest hip hop groups ever. I'm so saddened by this loss.
I kno, fml, just two weeks before graduation
Shooting music video number 6 this weekend. Word
Yep, there was definitely an evil unicorn in the cabin in the woods. you, me, Lucy - name that horror movie reference challenge.
I'm with you!
amazing set last night at 12th/porter. You have a new fan. Hopefully ill see you around Nashville soon!
I KNOW BUT IM BORED SO
shut up fat ass
< the weather is really not that bad but the capability of the city to respond is not what I am used to elsewhere
What should my username be? Any Ideas?
tune in to my radio show im broadcasting at kvdu.org every monday 7 - 8
Bears love :)
Who watches #dancemomsmiami come talk to me right now
#A1DThing they are almost always color coordinated :)
Featuring vegan beef!
Don Draper is quite the character on #MadMen. Who's your favorite character of the hit TV show?
“: so u been a heat fan for what a whole 2 yrs now” LOL...so true!
well is on right now. That should help ease the pain!
Want a #swinger discount vacation 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
When I miss you I read our old messages and smile like an idiot in front of everyone <3 c:
hey girl
Nephew just told me he wants his summer pajamas to have a cape. Uh...join the club, kid. Hahaha
haha its been awhile:)
I can tell that you've been practicing! All those other men where practice! They where practice yeah !!!For Me!!!
I have had motive and opportunity but haven't committed the crime. I'm getting soft in my old age.
Why am I holding a crochet hook? I don't crochet.
Have a good flight Palpable excitement and a massive, packed room: RT Mastermind Keynote at
where can I see the article? Miss you my friend!! You better yet?
Ha! Seattle is good - although I miss my Southern culture sometimes :) Summer is coming here too - not raining. Woot!
Customer panel: says Xactly has helped sales reps gain more insight into commissions and remove reliance on spreadsheets...
Sweet goal!
Finally got up out of bed and took a shower.
Everything my dad didnt do for me ima do for mines
no burger I've ever had compares to a Thurman Burger
Falling in Reverse's new album "The Drug In Me Is You"
Barnett: We have to be honest and do the best we can with the numbers.
Coffee time!!!
I really dig your teaching videos. Nice job.
#lajollahalfmarathon Weather Forecast: 7:30 am cloudy(possible fog/mist), 56 degrees, light wind 5 mph.
nice! what did you research?
my mom is officially psychotic!
6 more days till my birthday!(:
But that's the best combination ;-)
Fine. Twist my arm...I'll spend the next few hours in Central Park with one of my 2 yr olds. Alice in Wonderland bound!
A Professional Corporation is a law firm with a nationwide network of attorneys providing a broad array of legal services.
Papa Johns Louisville had contest w/people making their own pizzas, explaining recipes! Got hundreds of interviews w/customers
Will need to check on records retention & library privacy policies
hahaha that's awesome.
Ben & Jerry's needs an on-demand delivery service.
crying while listening to hillsong, nbd.
please follow me!!!!
I've always had amazing service from rackspace. What's going on?
Kicking it with the Homie
Just ALWAYS use CLEAN water, like it says in the directions! Or else those brain-eating amoeba things can take over!
i like that you two are tweeting from the same events at the same time. creates a nice echo in the timeline.
The hardest part of coming back home after a vacation is _______________________. (I have way too many things I could say.)
RT this for two tickets to see #SnoopDogg on Thursday at Lucky Star Casino Concho!
Hello too all the new followers!! RT
#MadMen FTW for the 4th year in a row! and #ModernFamily for the 2nd year in a row!
That's so sweet ❤
": i aint riding for my niggas brah, im riding for myself #realistbitchalive" I like dat rite der ride fa yoself my guy
Whoa what happened last night... we don’t remember anything after the 4th bottle
Well whatever then..
Ferguson! Happy Birthday!
Check in. “: Retweet if you are having a good beard day....ladies too”
I was just sitting around thinking how much I prefer the 9th street opus over both the 8th and 10th street opuses. Cheers!
you seen the documentary? the end where they show people all over the world jamming out to him is incredible
Pierce. Elbow. Never a doubt in my mind.
I caaannnttt do this year without you...guess that means you're coming back...nice try!
Haha well we know now what should be Apple's next marketing campaign to reach baby boomers.
Looking for something to do today? Come support a winning campaign. 12pm Brookland metro for door/door with Tim Day.
what in the hell is dick?
Snow at night, rain in the morning
The Black Limousines
Tonight! Join us for Thirsty Thursday’s at The Grateful Palate. Free wine tasting from 5-7 p.m . 2 night's feature - Valley of the Moon.
and Morin...such wonderful followers I have. :)
Thank you very much Phlip!
i think i dont like this season of Mad Men very much because January Jones has barely been on it
A sorry boy makes a sorry man. smfh
nice try..
Two-hour Mad Men season premiere and no January Jones?? C'mon man. What were those writers thinking?
Happy New Year Sheri!!
loved the launch of body pump today at Audrey Moore rec center!!
So glad you guys are giving me song requests! Tell me what song you wannabhear and i'll try to cover it :]
Hey, all of need to go see this youtube video! Battle at kruger RETWEET, video is amazing!
Morning! How are you?
What do you get when blindfold a black man? Stevie Wonder of course.
the new rainbow links on tumblr remind me of a rave
Macdonalds: the only place where fat people make fun of the healthy.
DYK? William “Bootsy” Collins- musician, songwriter and record producer is a Sigma ...Happy Founders Day
please, girl, stay. oh darlin' please, girl, stay. oh sugar please, girl, stay. 'til the early mornin'<3 ((:
She's going to be ok but thank you, honey.
Every little kiss is a drivin' me crazy.
True enough. Ah well, not really our problem at this point. Though I'll be interested to hear how it goes over a couple of years
Idc if ppl be hatin i think GLEE is awesome and i love every show and performance!!!!!!!!!Im a GLEEK
It is too late to call back yesterday. 昨日を呼び戻そうとしても遅すぎる
It's funny how my fam gets so much attention & we just stick to doing us
RT : Phree pizza today from Glass Nickel Pizza on University Ave. with code word. Log in to www.phreeps.com for code word.
we all need to stand up and shout about making more importent to the show then Beth or other divas. Nat is better
Lakers would destroy Mavs in playoffs, not bc of Kobe, but bc no one can guard Bynum
“: Michael Moe: what's your ROE? That's return on education? #eisummit”
stay strong Bri! Don't let him mess with your heart. I love you!!! <3
Dude. Your new bf Ronald is hot.
Thank you for the follow!!
I'm looking into a way; do you have a favorite method for sharing playlists?
I just watched someone make a subway sub super unhealthy and nasty. Ugh
how's the foot?
About to do some research for a history report! :) Okay twitter, I won't let you be my distraction...
RT for your chance to win 2 tix to the *Sold Out* #TheWonderYears (), , & more at on 4/20!
Yeah. You're due a big boost when they get added. We were actually just talking about this yesterday. Its high in our priorities
know anybody in burlington?
Son Ryan just left PDX headed to San Diego. His new assignment in the Navy begins Thu. Say a prayer for safe travel. Long day of driving.
nap. drinking. then more drinking. <3
Laying in bed in a Motel 6 in Williams, CA, watching 'Everybody Loves Raymond'. Can't sleep. It just doesn't get any better than this.
Just posted more photos of Victorian Yonkers.....enjoy!
He must be on steroids. #cheater RT : Congrats Jered Weaver! And fuck the Twins.
With winter weather around the corner how will you make sure your pets get enough exercise?
- I was betting on "people currently active/online" or something in that direction. One step at a time.
Done that. But even though I want deals for men it sends me a lot of deals for women. I think groupon is gender confused. :)
Medical brownie plus crazy yoga. I'm cured.
this is where partnerships between schools/businesses come in. Any tech-savvy businesses near you?
My room is clean, but I'm scared to open my closet
hey! are you still here?
I don't like Facebook but after playing with the new timeline, I have to say that other niche social networks have no chance.
You said balls. Shit, now I said balls. Shit, now I just said shit! DAMMIT!
Who are you most excited to see at this year's ? Besides us, of course.
I Would've Made You Leave Too.
White Tiger at the zoo is VERY cool.
determined that our error notification system does not scale well after getting 615K messages over the weekend. not good.
i hope one day i get to meet you:(
is my Tiger Mom; aside from Rene lol
So my sis wanted 2 get me bak 4 earlier so she got 1 of her roommates 2 harass me on da phone smh
but Paul was looking to pick a fight that would position him vis-a-vis the POTUS, and Carney just gave it to him.
I should be floating a river right now.
Pre #e3 golf tomorrow... Who is playing?
Halloween's just a week away! Time for me to fuck-carve a pumpkin!
can't wait!
HAITIAN FRESH!!
More glam, less pay. RT : "guest tweeting", probably more glamorous than "tweet sitting?"
Oh dang, I had an idea like that! :)
Thursdays are definitely in #Kontrol at - did it proper last night! just keeps getting better!
hahahaha that's what I'm talkin'bow. still funny.
No problem. Can you follow my friend , please? :)
I Dm u
Muffins straight out of the oven are probably the best thing...ever.
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local concerts.
Of course an all Lucky Charms diet is good for you.
Time to make a change - we are going to fulfill our lifelong dream of moving to Nebraska.
Rough week to rock a Phils cap in this town
You guys were amazing too. Congrats on a great show!
I agree we need to involve Higher Ed in our culture of change. They r a bit old school
Why aren't sleep and coffee interchangeable? Someone needs to fix this right away.
I seriously live with the laziest fucking people ever.
I Just Love The Way My Nervousness Goes Away As Soon As That Spotlight Turns On... <3 #iLoveDance #IDontWantItToBeOver #TwoMoreRecitals (:
Your love is like a red, red...Mai Tai? Not really, but last evening to send us a poetic tweet for a chance to win a $50 gift cert.
*Wrapping the rope around 's right wrist, binding it to her ankle, then moving over doing the same with her left* Mighty fine.
Video goes live in 23 minutes!
Happy Father's Day to all the father out there.
YEAH BABY!
so true, even with the smallest most mundane things in your life. When you know better, you MUST do better.
Defiantly not you!!!..=)
I'd rather a bathroom that a lady just left smell of spray instead of poo but the spray smell makes me think shes trying to hide something.
Your show picked a bad time to take a week off!
What if?
Woo! Thanks!
“: fuck poopship, you ever been cryptic enveloped? #40minutesoffeedback” fuckin hysterical as well
lunch is for the lazy
I don't think Scorcese made Hugo boring enough. There needs to be an extended edition where lots more of nothing happens.
Really though, my mom is my hero everyday.
Please stop raining! Ugh all week.
Woman donates $1.1M to college
Get all children equal access to quality early childhood progs. Outside of that I am with you Maj.
I like me, Yo, u like me? Cause I like me, do u like me? See, I like me.
Nothing to do tonight
Hi I would like to know when MAGIC CITY is going to air in FRANCE? My people can't wait to see it :) frenchi
You own my heart, he's just renting it.
It costs $1635 to keep a youth on probation for a year. It costs us one-third of that to divert them instead - leaving them with no record!
90's hip hop day at the house. # biggiegivemeonemorechance
thanks do tell me a little bit about urself?
It is amazing when a project comes together! All of the extra hours are so worth it. . . well at least that is how I feel!
Solo tonight not going anywhere if you want me you find me at the crib!!
Detail cleaning my mama's house while my twin takes her to the movies. I promise that means more to her than the flowers & candy.
Why thank you, ! If you lived only a teensy bit closer, I would have dragged you over here for bell day. We gotta get you back to LA.
Double espresso, coke, magic flask and five hour energy. Round two!
Lol i'm sorry babe. :p
You should definetely try Manic Panic :)
I APPROVE :D
Nothing better than the pool on a hot day :)
Watching Ur Down Fall
8-0 run by Syracuse....America can calm down now...this is not going to happen
hahaha I couldn't agree more. And loud radios or sound systems in your car are so 1992. Respect the cell lot!
hello Louis! how are youu ? (:
Anyone got a money tree I can pick off?
I Need help findin a&r's hmu if u can help me wit dat
also, contact me privately (direct msg or email ) for video info :)
what a sexy man
“: Did brian really just say that”
Yay, I'm only going to school for half day. c:
Happy birthday America!! :D.
#AskBieber where you live currently, i think, in which the city is your house ?? Love you
I wish I could join you! Are you going to wash your brioche down with a gelato bellini?
Morgans got a foot fetish
Cant go a day without saying somthing
"Hey you, I think your flys unzipped... Want me to help you??" (:
Wow. Big turnover.
cool please do sahn!
Aw, I would have loved to see you!
Nasty ass move by wade
brb getting my giant net. be there in 10. c:
Black churches start sunday & dont let out till next Sunday. Long!!
The secret to telling a good joke is the element of surprise. Ditto with video.
Wishing a Happy Mother's Day to those that qualify and a happy day to the rest of you mothers!
You be my honeysuckle, I'll be your honeybee :)
they haven't set dates, but it's supposed to be in the spring
Tear up that road, girl! Me & Bonnie Raitt songwriter are, too! Loved seeing you in VT - hope to again soon.
You know how Dahlia loves her YouTube videos. That is something we'd watch, especially if there's dancing.
eeeekk!! I'm so excited :)
Hello Charlotte, NC. I'm staying on message this week: Don't let your EGO write checks your results can't cash.
Your face makes me lol
Kims driving us to church. Oh gosh haha
gotta think compared to that Quaker Steak & Lube is a real drain (pun intended)
Tune into before the top of the next hour. Tom Wanderer will interview the legendary Uli John Roth (Scorpions, Electric Sun). 91.7 FM!
“: lol you two!” Um you spelled that wrong it's " Too" Duh
well deserved. Karen is fabulous and does so much for RB.
Do I send flowers to say I'm sorry, or is he allergic to flowers?
I'm good! Hope you are too! Have a great week! :)
Dang. I've only ever read An Age of Barns & Diary of an Early American Boy. Thought that was it. Google says I've reading to do.
I am what I am a mindless girl
Seems like dem lakers getting the cake baked 2night
Can only imagine Bike Bar is jam packed with bike commuters today. BTW- we're serving Hopworks this year!
Riley's pahooutee?
Exited for tonight's stroll comp at DePaul!!
Watching castle.
