i literally cried watchin the Special on Trayvon. im getting a hoodie, ice tea and skittles then goin to school. RIP Trayvon
Haha Loiter Squad !!!!!!
#ucla pistol-whuppin' ol' #houston. Good to see #neuheisel and #normchow on the same page with the #prince of westwood
Happy Anniversary to the Duke & Duchess of Cambridge. ”
Got two more shows in Dayton before I move to Boston!!! Stay tuned for more details!!!!!......rage!
Rainy Monday in Austin
: I have a question
Thank you so much, Dave. Greatly appreciated :)
If your mom would like to borrow my car tomorrow, she is welcome to it! :-)
dammit, bitters, bitters! ...I need a vacation.
Congrats! What's your degree?
double fudge cookie dough blizzard, movies and some mike's. it's gonna be a good night.
Screw people. I hate them all.
The pain you feel today; is the strength you feel tomorrow. Off to the gym for some spinning :)
the reason we watch is the unexpected ! Imagine what ...
#idol time!
'In China, they just call it "food"..'
Thanks to everyone who supported us this year. May you all have a very safe and Happy New Year... Chris
Do all dogs think a waste basket is just a tall doggie bowl, or just the dog who owns me?
Today is Get to Know your Customers day so we want to know why you love Rio margs?
Nice work Pete, looks great.
Thanks for applying!
Let whether or not you have a good reason be your guide.
Ur a what?
Every time KU gets a lead they blow it. Start the 2nd half on a 7-0 run only to let UNC go on a 6-0 run.
about to take the stage at showcase at in
I haven't stopped thinking about you since I heard about your sister. Praying for her safe return!
#4famouswords Thank you. Come again!
Value is created by solving a problem and providing a solution.
there will be a new teaser this friday.. :p ...you gonna come out and watch us when we play live? yeah you better!
glad you could make it for #pnwds! I think you have some great thoughts on how our community can flourish.
The girls are learning poker at p-club.
Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals. - Jim Rohn
speakin of cherry pie...SHES MAH CHERRY PIE COOL DRINK OF WATER SUCH SWEET SURPRISE
If you haven't decided on a 10:30 session, just FYI - Prof. Dev. is in the sun!!
Let's go to the beach!
I got yer clouds covered :)
The dude asked why there are leaf pieces in the bathtub. When I explained they were from my new soap he looked thoroughly confused!
Please tell your friend to follow me on twitter and on Facebook :D
burned 160 calories doing 20 minutes of "Bicycling, 12-14 mph, moderate (cycling, biking, bike riding)"
Cheers and happy #WW all!
The will be parked in front of on Melrose Ave. for lunch today. Um, lunch.
Constance: "But now there are no more virgin plots. We live on top of each other. That's California now... and that's the world."
You tweet about the beach and California so much it's making be homesick lol stop!!! Please :)
So PRODIGY did get twerked on at the party OMFG
You're welcome! :-)
One down three to go!
so jealous.
it's awesome!! *giggle!* smdh
Internet, I wish you weren't so needy. I've already said I 'Like' you. How many more times do I need to say it?
So Facebook bought Instagram. I'm sure Mark Zuckerberg won't make any changes to it.
I'm really excited about my new band. Just want to go home and play guitar all day.
is it really? Very nice!
#20ThingsAboutMe I still obsess over the Jonas Brothers.
Thomas Kinkade died from a Heath Leger death.
.99 drinks all night and... NO COVER AT BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT !!! TOP 40 VIDEO MIX ALL NIGHT !!! 21+
Saw an interesting/provocative exhibit of 31 nude male sculptures on rooftops around Manhattan's Madison Square Park and nearby sidewalks.
this guy
Tell us funny song-lyrics-gone-wrong. Example: Big Ol' Jan and Lyonel instead of Big Ol' Jet Airliner by Steve Miller Band.
Craving a red velvet cupcake..
my #fridayreads is ALIAS GRACE (still) and ARE YOU MY MOTHER?
you LOST lol, wrong team fam...good luck tomorrow...
Yes--you worry about the entire experience...not just the sale of a bottle of wine.
MRS C. if UNITY ever needs you for a wish can you assist?? Bless ya an share in OUR passion! SMILE!
Going To Meet My Love On June 30th.<3 Then He'd Know I Exist <3 Harharhar .<3 I love you ! @<33
black/white heck, I am always referred to as the big bald guy.
The future is already here, it's just not evenly distributed yet.
It's so much easier!!
wonder if anybody kissed our shopping center yesterday.... RT : The most kisses happen on Valentine's Day.
HFC's WEST orientation program will continue until the beginning of the next session. Look for pictures soon!
Everytime i take eggs out of the fridge, i ask "What's Crackin?"
Champagne and fireworks! Rice does graduation/convocation so beautifully.
#TeamAxeMenBondingTime was great. It was a perfect night. Gotta do this more often
Would love to connect with you Can you DM me you email so we can figure out a good time to chat?
we all know its you! =)
Collaboration is key. thanks!
After dinner and drinks, that is.
Just got off work, time for an essay interview ah.
Alright, well, I'm officially finished with doing things that I think other people would want me to do.
I'm hungry for prosciutto. Always.
OH: she was cute but she had a lazy lip
This hmk needs to be finished tonight! I plan to RELAX starting 5 p.m. tomorrow until 8 a.m. Monday.
ON MY MAMA WE GON MAKE THIS BOY LOOK GOOD! CHALIE BOY IN THA BUILDING TODAY GETTIN READY FOR HIS SHOW TONIGHT AT CLUB RAIN! COME IN AND SEE
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. Winston Churchill
if you've tweeted over 30,000 tweets, have you spent too much time on twitter?
We like to call that a Bolo Tie - Yeehaw!
I'M FALLING FOR YOU!
Shhhhh! Don't tell them your high-fashion secret!
Why am I breaking out so much? :(
at work doing what i do best lol!!! cant wait to get home and relax and then try to make up the mind for whats in store tonight.
im not doing anything bad on friday(:
...honoring those who gave their lives, and those who serve this great Nation.
mims is crazy
Did you know... March is Women's History Month!! Only 2 more days...
you too! She was definitely unhappy and mean back then.
sucka for love
And a job in Boston.
is our tech still on site?
trip to hawaii
The Situation is in rehab??? I told the boys everything happens when I'm on vacation! Damn!
Dakota Poud draws a walk, first and third for Mineral Point with two outs in bottom of 7th. Tying run at the plate.
Try them on our revamped meatloaf! RT : Check out & to taste our wonderful shrooms!
You should soon. I received an email from them and they mentioned that they're reaching out to referrals.
Hey chris u tweet me #TEAMNICANA #TEAMCIKEY and #TEAMMAYLAR? Please! It for my science group.
So not to freak anyone out, but Act 3 totally has a lore set about the mystery of the Barbarians. So Walmart beat you.
Thanks for the RT! Have a Terrific Thursday! :)
y'all wanna hoop?
can't wait to read it!
If you're everything you say you are could you come close & hold my heart </3
he's not overrated. He's been called bad more times than burnt bacon. How do you ditch a guy who saved your season?
You Won't coming up live on Big thanks to You Won't for the last minute performance ()!
Reading Bringing up Bebe ....four chapters in and already concerned that Jules must truly love and respect food. And no snacking.
Madison Pharmacy Associates | Good ideas aren’t adopted automatically. They must be driven into practice with courageous patience - Rickover
Here comes the boom, with Kevin James. Ill be super famous soon.
hmm i'll check it out
I heart
Come to Cali and I can Tat that on you! lol
Hungover & beat but drinks keep coming & they taste really god.
CALL ME
MY NAME IS MY NAME
If I was a famous youtuber I would at least say hey especially if we have made a video together geez..
What happened to boys making the first move?
- is that today? Sounds like a good opportunity
MY MOM ALWAYS LEAVING ME AT SOMEBODY HOUSE WELL AT LEAST THEY HAVE WIFI LOL
I already assumed I was but hey I'll take it. We can finally jam out to one direction together. Only "I want" though.
I need help this depression is killing me.
Latin Perspective, Latin Jazz Hour can be heard around the Globe, every Saturday from 8 -9 am (Eastern Standard Time) at www.erieradio.com
Im Afraid Of Not Meeting The Peoplee I Love </3 It breaks My Heart . :'c
Ok last of my 10 angry birds jokes... running out of gas I have to admit
Themistocles~ I choose the likely man in preference to the rich man I want a man without money rather than money without a man.
I've realized I never know.
Yes - Totally enjoyed it! It wasn't' quite at the start of my day...but mid-day works too.
My new toms just came in!!! Ah
(Finally) got my car! Yay for mobility.
Is your pet's arthritis worse on damp days like today? If so - she may suffer from a damp bi syndrome... We have many treatments for this!
if only mozzarella making proved to be as fan as they say...
RT : Oh Ricky you're so slick, you're so slick, You Make Me Sick! Hey Ricky! Hey Ricky!
Hi :) haven't been on in a while. Hmu. :)
Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers!
Can't wait till announces NORTH AMERICA 2013 #BTWB Dates! She will sell out all of the shows in under 2 minutes! :)
A quote is nothing more than a reminder to one who's forgotten and needs reassurance.
25% off today for anyone with a Military ID for Veterans Day!!!
Julie if u think that there are crazy ass vamp.diaries check this chick out luv ya but dis person is team jewls
Dear god, how'd you cut your finger to the bone?!
haha. Dude. Tasted so good! ; )
It's safer for authors to use an open license because then you'll always know how your content will be used on the internet
YOU HAVE BEEN BLASTED PERRY :)
I think he called a foul on santa.
should be and should be for #Halloween. That is what I want for
Watching #that70sshow its my all time favorite, show....i want to have all the season on dvd ;p
Hey Jeff , Can you follow back:) -MBNYST
define big Pirates fan? Lol
on their FB page.
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight, I'm cleaning out my closet.
in LA and would like to see skylight but no car. What neighborhood? Bus lines?
well obvo because we arent having a real one im just messing around there big girl
Watching Game of Thrones immediately after finishing Hilary Mantel's Wolf Hall sequel was a terrible idea.
I will do anything if someone would write my theology commandment essay for me. It was due yesterday....
It is time for you to call it a week! Enjoy your weekend!
The brewers are a mess!! Going to bed. This is crap!
Lets dance in Styles. Lets dance for a Niall. Louis can wait, Kevins only gone for a while. Hoping for the Zayn but expecting the Payne
That's sweet! Yes, they love their signs. I imagine myself sneaking to their dorm room one day with signs.
I look forward to the day that Russel Brand just disappears forever.
Was a fan since yesterday of and is now a bigger fan
The dr told me that I have about two weeks..
finally stopped in this joint the other night. Had a tasty Alpha King and a John Sullivan! Anyone been?
To be honest I don't know wether it was breath or her body but I was just soo relieved and happy when she finally left ..
Thank you for following me!! A total dream come true!!! <3
Bitch please, my picture is amazing. #ohsnap. Just face it your a #loser (;
It did low-key crack might go back Thursday w/ them
Tracking bass bass bass
I know a lot of college admissions folks that would disagree with me. But I care more that you can fetch me a cup of coffee.
You can either wallow in disappointment or look forward to the next opportunity . . . . .
Thanks to & for making me leave the house. needs to spin one night Lucky's. Shhhh.
100 school kids will be here today to learn about the library and our green initiatives. Should be fun.
I knew my mom was going to wake me up early.
Is it really necessary to repeatedly blast the car horn outside the apt. building at 9 in the morning? Really?
BREAKING -- Marijuana legalization init supporters have what they say is more thn enough xtra signatures to get question on Nov ballot
yours looks good. Your third grade teacher would be proud! It was third grade, right?
I'm feeling rather pessimistic tonight. The glass is half empty.
yes! What's the link?
I want to jump his bones now. ;P
Hey, Braxton's not bad-looking, either!
Developing, developing, developing. Third World countries, Me and a Show Idea!
I find that hard to believe.
Things I've noticed this weekend: Freese on Xavier is a hunchback. TBS, CBS, TNT, & True TV have played the same 5 commercials since the
RT : RT : Me too! Who DOESN'T love a drink served in a Mason Jar!
But toe cheese will add protein to balance the sugars - it's a trade off
Happy to announce we've got a new brother-in-law!! Welcome to the family, Jason!
Catch the at O-Fest. Tomorrow from 1-4 PM in Central Mall. Make sure to pay our table a visit!
She Would Ask Me That Question…
Aww she's so cute (:
please solicit the Christian Jihadist in Question to write some sort of ordinal list of bands he likes.
RT "No, you can not borrow my t-shirt...How about instead of standing there looking shocked, you do your fucking laundry?"
Now is the time to buy a house! If you know anybody who is buying or selling, have them call me. I'm here to help!
Nd this S/o goes to my mother L.Marshall love you ma (^__^)
Are you still interested in a home, or just have a few questions you need answered? I would love to help you.
#20ThingsAboutMe I taught myself how to play guitar. c:
Tell us who your favorite performance was last night at the Grammy's!
Sounds good, let me know! :)
If the Galaxy were playing an AVERAGE team -- not a good team, an AVERAGE team -- they would be down 4-0 right now. Unbelievable.
Good Code: when syntax matches semantics
thanks bro
Rock 'n' Roll!
Q: What is Doc Ock's favorite month? A: Ock-tober.
we all hope it does too. Patriots wouldn't be the same with out you
Violet hour and silom12 = great night. Loved the SPICY basil.
Listening to Balinese Monkey Chant that linked forever ago. I love this type of call-and-response vocal improv.
is pouring Marty Stouffer's Wild America.
It makes it harder for the aliens to snatch you from your car
Need help sleeping?Creator of MUMOOCIE Ultimate Sleep Pillow on MOMADVOCATERADIO10amPST/1pmESTwww.therealmomtv.com/mom-advocate-radio-show/
I was thinking of more in the lines of "pretty rady, wrakin down the street"
Am I not cool enough for you? Do you not like my face? Or my hair?
:D Thanks,Taylor!
oh I don't? Well fill me in on what I'm missin
Monday, Monday, you can't trust that day.
Thanks again for stopping by!
BX all day RT : I'm from The Bronx, New York City.. Where are YOU from?^
Be an opener of doors for such as come after thee, and do not try to make the universe a blind alley. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
we will be there in a bit :)
I must watch this season finale or I will die. Biggest cliff-hanger -_-
"We just wanted to thank you so much for the hard work you put in on this transaction." Alethea B. Sandy Presley Team
Stuck? Volunteer as an intern in an agent's office. You'll get hired.
#41297 Your icon is amazing!!! Congrats on meeting Austin!
Writing a new story (:
Have a great weekend everyone : )
#ICONiacz answer this question WHO IS UR FAV ICONIC BOY AND WHY
I feel like once i start having sex again I'ma lose hella weight.
want to follow mehh? peace, love, rubber gloves.
Congrats Award of Excellence Finalists: , ,, , , &
you were hacked?
They should have cell phone chargers in waiting rooms instead of magazines.
Laziest workout in a while
I truly believe that #OTHS9 is the best farewell season I've ever seen of any show! The characters' development over the years is amazing!
looking good in the gear baby!!
"soon" could be in 5 minutes, or in 5 days. The tension is killing me guys. Haha
No one knows for sure how the hotdog got its name. One thing we know for sure is that our gourmet hotdogs and sausages are tremendous!
I agree 1000%
Played some today! Got a few solid dunks down... One on a dude! It was nice ;)
oh snappy-o!!!! Where are ya?
The clouds parted and the angels sang...my 11 yr old son just chose to turn off the TV so he could read his book
cat spotting. i have named him gnocchi.
Prom this Friday, about to be hella smackin'!!!
The worst part of life is realizing when you had something that was worth everything you thought it wasn't
Its another repeat of last nite... Smh
You look like Molly Shannon
Thanks. I've been itching to run for about 8 weeks now. Gonna feel good to get back in the groove.
Will be glued to the set. am counting down the minutes...
Great game! Be proud of your boys and their season.
Edgard Varese~ Everyone is born with genius but most people only keep it a few minutes.
I never judge a book by its cover. I use the paragraph on the back, it tells you what the story is about.
your tweet just made me cry even more, but thank you for your kind words. <3
we wish you could be with us!
“: next time Lakers. leggo!” Says the guy in the "bulls" snapback.
As you grow older, you'll find the only things you regret are the things you didn't do. - Zachary Scott
It's been almost 48 hours that I'm 18 years old and I haven't once been naked. BRB.
I gotta start working again. I'll see yalls ugly asses later.
That was probably the most ridiculous thing I'll read all week.
Disney drink night
Watching mizzou football practice D is kicking ass
What's more tweetworthy: #swearingday or #fatbetty from last night's #madmen? Hell if I know...
it is the WORST!!!!
Sad to see C-SPAN's Brian Lamb heading out. One of my favorite interviews was talking TVs in the Supreme Court w/ him back during Sotomayor
Am truly excited @ Monday's #BRITEconf at Columbia. Our audience will be biggest yet (5 years) & the program is amazing. See you there!
lets do it up sexy at the good spot 105 riv tonight!
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
The new network primetime line-ups: CBS the best; ABC promising; NBC aggressive but misguided; Fox too quiet; The CW limits itself
even wen its cold???
cool now can yu call me on skype !!
They are going pretty good actually! Thanks for asking!
MR. PRESIDENT, I AM A BLACK FEMALE REPUBLICAN WHO SPEAKS 3 LANGUAGES, PUBLISHED AND AN ATTY. HOW CAN I SERVE?
haha he probabily thinks im crazy :)
The Wave crew just boarded the shuttle for the National Championship game.
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Wednesday 03/28/12 is Dan and Ian!
not quite, Zusi scored the first, but close
"No money man can get my love- it's sweetness that I'm thinkin' of"
I'd throw shade too at the queen of pop If I looked like an overstuffed Twinkie on stage!
Sorry rib, bard was first.
Not sure, but I know DC has a pretty high tax on tickets. It was meant as a way for commuters to pay for things like Nats Park
all over Tampa I meant lol
Rice Lake for Easter weekend, my as well get weird at Jaybirds!! Haha
that's the song from Rudy! Go Irish!!!
All links are created equal so long as we have net neutrality.
DC United wins 2-1 against FC Dallas. Caps and Nats also won. When is the last time 3 DC teams won in one day?
Shout out to my peeps working their way thru finals.
Usable Collaborative mapping/ identifier registry needed to prevent duplicate digitization
Time to hit the sack nite twitter ppl !!!!!
just adding a bunch of ravenwood people
'' why don't you love me jenny? I may not be a smart man, but I know what love is.'' in my forrest voice
are you mad because you can't be like mindless behavior. Lol jk
Braden Holtby's dad has the haircut of an 8-year-old
This is not corruption in the legal sense, but a corruption of what the Constitution intended.
Hooray it's #frenchtoaststickday it's also rock the mid calve day
nah, I ll be there tues
It's about having fun, don't lose sight of that. We're too old to be worried about being prepared.
Thanks for the kind words, Dan. They mean a lot! Enjoyed getting to know you as well.
Guess I won't be sleeping then. Might as well get work done.
#imagine Niall: can you feel the love tonight ? you: maybe. Niall: maybe ? *rolls ontop of you* let's make you feel it *licks your lip*
Apparently, the death penalty is intended to prevent people from giving their kids the same names as criminals...
Like what happened to that relationship we had
except Eng wouldn't have been as aggressive if it were 2-2, and its defense wouldn't have been as open.
Depressed? How are you standing? "Worst thing is [to] straighten up & hold your head high because you'll start to feel better.”Charlie Brown
hoping for chandler jones...don't think he'll make it to us tho. So I guess upshaw or mcclellan.
Re-run – ITSC Information Security Standards – An introduction to ...
well awstens always been really great since I've known him
Just saw tweet and cried. Man no one understands how much I miss her. The prayers help so much though.
sounds like Travis minton is trying to see your stuffs lol
We have a connection. <3
Is anyone else sad that they took off the Quotes section on the homepage of ? That used to be a daily ritual... :(
Any downed trees on your block? MT Sad to lose all those big old trees on Eutaw Place but happy no one has been injured.
I thought we were in high school...?
Coffee addict
As a child, fell from a tree while imitating Spider-Man and fractured both of his wrists.
It is hard to live half my life nocturnal and the other half diurnal...
do you still have the 4th ticket?
FACE DOWN
Where you from?
Yes one of my family members we call Cracker. He even has a shirt with a big Zesta on it. Kids call him Uncle Cracker.
lol I always have because I'm half British half Mexican! So I go for the British boys and Ray lmfao
thats what makes it fun :)
where is the sound?!
Get TAN! *SPECIALS TODAY* Buy 3 Instant Tans for $49.99! Buy a 5-pack of 60 tans and get 3 more tans FREE! Bottles of Lotion on SALE!!!
#SXSW #cnnsxsw so wish i was going too. #darnbrokenleg!!
When I look at all these tents, I think, YES, USC spans the map of the intellect from books to WHAT'S NEXT!
Lakers have a chance to win this tho
the line I got on you ain't workin
So pissed off at verizon right now...
23 point deficit and how amazing this must feel. Great game guys! And what a way for B. Roy to show he is still our All Star
Trying to get use to this gmail lots 2 learn...
#FF some art deco and historic gems in #LA:
(DON'T TELL THE BOSSES YOU'RE RECYCLING!!!)
A relationship is bound to fall apart when you start lying.
My wife just told me that 61 down in today's NYT crossword is "Home of the Horned Frogs." GO FROGS!!!
no its Ohio, but it still is 10:45 over here
Literary crush: "Japanese by Spring", by Ishmael Reed
I like it!
Seeing my neighbor is like seeing a famous person :)
We saw them at the Metro in Chicago in February. 100% pure AWESOME!
Mrs. William H Norris of Baltimore was arrested on Mar 5 1862 by the Federal army for supplying clothes to the rebels.
New Profit Gathering of Leaders Rushkoff preaches return to direct exchange economy, not owing soul to company store or bank that owns the $
And If i Die Today....i Want A Platinum Casket. Funeral Info: Ladies Free Before 12.
They are watching a stupid ass movie
I just want you back in my lifee
Do you want a personalized Ryan Braun Jersey? You've got to win it first! Be registered before 5pm today!!
Thank you so much for yr continued love + support! It means the world to us! Y'all are just too cool! Love 2 U 2!!!
Let a nigga set the mood!
I'm starting to become as indecisive as ... Nah, not that bad. But close
No...it [obviously] allowed Spoles to spin around and avoid the big hit. Duh!
Did the P.T.L. Club stand for "Praise Tom Landry?" (If so, I should have joined)
#confessionnight - I love ; THERE I SAID IT ! haha ;3
#DylanHolland Because i said so
stop both of u are weirdooss.
I'm paranoid cause I'm in the Porsche.
nterviewing and today! Shoot us any questions you guys have!
....your demand to be the princess. <<<<
That's more interesting than hearing about your Nine West suit, FWIW.
Since marriage is a religious sacrement...an the usa is suppose to have separation of chuch & state, why is gov. involved in marriges?
There was such a great spirit at the event!! So glad people enjoyed :)
thought it was a new Bluetooth lmao :D
Adairs in dallas tx march 11
TPS just worked with a food retailer solutions co. to submit a report on a national food safety database to the Food and Drug Law Institute.
OMG IM SO BORED
Lol Metta is so bad at offense.
please release your Boyfriend music video please ! <333 and follow me :) if you have time
I Would Do You So Right ; 1 Chance Iš All I Need ;)
The new jersey turnpike is pure hell today. Pure hell.
I stopped by Mapco. No goo goos.
You wont have the same friends forever now will ya ?
w/my sister & amarilis (: getting al dolledd up lol
That sounds heavenly! Can you point me to a recipe?
Hey lets all be good ppl and follow
Not a fan of naming kids after white presidents, shitty MPS schools or city's in Wisconsin.
Absolutely.....thats a good find that good weather about to hit lol
Oh ok.
Just setup TweetDeck again after almost 2 yrs. Many improvements.
I love you more.
I feel ya, I have two ten page research papers due at the end of the week -___-
#oessinsight Teresa Anderson on collaboration and "black ops" IT, invisible work, role of librarians
i hate how i feel cold in my house and its so hot outside. :(
Prevention is better than cure. ~ Desiderius Erasmus
All the lotion in my bathroom is melting.
Language is a virus from outer space. William S. Burroughs
sure!!!! Im going 4 2000 now!!! How many do u want?
how long has it been, and did you give your social?
Thanks for hosting such a great event! Looking forward to all that is to come!
Can't find what I'm looking for.
The more you look like a homeless person, the more likely you are to get your Starbucks refill for free.
You're going to have to teach the Mobtown to use Twitter. I get on this thing and know instantly that god is trying to eat me.
#itAnnoysMeWhen the Patriots win a playoff game for first time in 4 years and everybody is going to be talking #Superbowl! #1anddonepats :(
For Volstad at that... #WTF Ozzie building for another championship???
What is the most unique Christmas gift, event, tree or meal that you've experienced?
i go to the one RIGHT in front of john jay. called Texas Driving School. it's pretty cheap. it's EASY.
although looking at 's tweets led me to #elemchat so it put me where I wanted to be :-)
The kid who just held open the door for me and then skipped down the stairs made my day.
we like you a lot
FYI: is in Beechwold, not Clintonville.
Going to hoop at
Hope to see the man tonight in Madisonville been running around town 2 need to catch him gotta get this ball signed
are we talking about something real here? Because I'm confused....
Thanks for the RT! :)
No. Biden is not to blame. I see it as a coordinated political strategy where Biden would get out in front.
#OKC #Thunder can match up, especially when is put in a pressure situation
GREAT #12boc crowd!!! Much better than last week! Lol! Thanks for hanging out!
RT : ": mixing Will Kennedy's' drums on my tune Lightning & Fireworks for "Simply One" cd, crazy intense playing!...
On the plane on the way to LAX for #MegaIIN. So excited!
can you help me out with an RT for a great singer/songwriter, #levilowrey??
Well, I guess that's good then. Django looks like a pretty awesome tool. I love Python, but I haven't used Django yet.
This is a great resource! The Center for the Study of the Workplace within the School of Continuing Education is a resource at the Univers…
I totally just made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter.
leme know if u like!!
FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO ATTEND MEGA CHURCHES IN LAS VEGAS: HERE IS HOW THESE CHURCHES ARE USING YOUR CONTRIBUTIONS. KEEN-TV RAN ONE CHURCH'S …
hi brother!!!
I don't understand how these systems don't start at the airport 1st!!!!
Clear Channel announces new Brand Management Team, 24 people who will serve as Brand Managers and Brand Coordinators for each format.
ha, ok then! : I absolutely hate farts
This lady took my seat ahh .
I hope he's OL. That does not look good.
I love working with , what a kind and inspiring man. I'm so sad this project has come to a close but it was a great success.
I'm thinking of getting a couple potbelly pigs as mascots & name one Adam & one Gerard. What do you think?
Things have changed I will most likely be in Pittsburgh this summer.
Somebody hurry up and post the damn half-time performance already.
I am interested in renting your property in sanibel. Can you send me more info?
This explains a lot.
Yes on the Mike's w/tramps.
i've watched EVERY season. got no problem with villiains. love boston rob, love russel hanz. deceiving is necessary-TAUNTING is not
I am so proud of myself. I'm about halfway through Anna Karenina. Loving it so far but some of the farming debates are boring -Connie
RT : Early Bird $50 discount ends TODAY Friday 2/3 for my Expert Visibility event! Learn more here: www.expertvisibility.com
Rawlicious restaurant in Toronto , one of the best restaurants. Worth the trip to Stop in when you are there.
I hate nothing more than bad ranch dressing.
Lol i think the heat have lost this one... :)
Use CONDOMS today or buy DIAPERS tomorrow...
Watching Ghost Hunters , looking at Grant's final show. I don't see how they will go on without Grant.
I'd like to thanks all my followers for following me!!
first song i purchased to put in my ipod! love, love, love, love that song for years and years!!!
Writers house health tip: Plants such as ferns, dracaenas and philodendrons naturally filter many allergens from the air. Fresh air, ahh!
Big shoutout t all my new followers thank u fr following tweet or dm me sometime
Pickin up which wich for me and Terra. Makes me think of ATX and all the ones I ate there lol
I have a constipated sneeze.
I don't no live watching movies aarooonnn! RT Haha! RT : Still haven't seen the avengers
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown TONIGHT on 98.9 The Buzz, from 8-11pm! Get yer Rochester Rock 'n Roll! rochesterbuzz.com
I still cannot get over how LEGENDARY was. I will be attempting to re-live that night for a long time.
I have the same problem every week RT : "Just watched the new episode of Shameless and i think i peed a lil #InNeedOfNewUndies"
or it just confuses matters even more ;-)
trying to find a tool that shows me the trending hashtags in a specific category. Twitter's #discover feature is inadequate.
I'm gonna lick your butt. maybe. follow
and further more, it was impertinent and no gentleman!
but if nothing comes of that, absolutely. If fact, why not start one?
Looking to save $$$ on your next trip? Give us a chance to beat any price on travel. Get 110% hotel price guarantee. www.FreeXpedia.com
Tru. we've seen a lot about the "mission" but not the "man." stories r character driven. and if we could c n2 the soul of ...
Really? #ClassicCanseco RT : When I died I saw Elvis and micheal they said hello
Learning how to change my life - and I'm quite excited about it! am pub - 7/24/10 - be there if u bout it!
we hittin huntington beach.
Worked on my short film, Rain Dance, this week. Love Sound Track Pro and what it can do to enhance quality. The fine edit is done. Yeah.
4/11/12 at 10pm on Discovery ID, FBI Criminal Pursuit, I play investigating cop.
Adele is sick and had to cancel her Minneapolis show which worries me because I have tickets to see her Sunday in Utah... PLEASE GET BETTER!
Great giveaway! Congrats on your blog's year anniversary!
“: They say 1 in 44 presidents can dunk... we all know who that is...... George Bush. No one can dunk the economy like he did”
Knicks' Playoff Hopes Shatter Amar'e Stoudemire cut his hand punching a fire extinguisher's glass in frustration after game.
Pretty slow last 2 days in 8 game so last night I helped build 4 tables of 3/6 o8 NL and lost ten buys. Stupid game way these guys play it
HELLO, I do too makes my day/night every time she tweets, gotta love her
A coffin full of doughnuts?!? I live on the wrong side of the country. :(
What am I doing with my night? Why, reading about anamorphic lenses and Olmec colossal heads, of course. Oh, and cooking a chicken pot pie.
Can I get in Columbia or Cornell with a 3.89 GPA?
your Korean name is unique :D
we could deff get it shakn ma scrap. I prob leave on wed but idk yet
Thanks for the awesome presentation !
Double bacon cheese burger at five guys...ugh:'(
look at u drinkin like a grown woman
Planning on seeing the Jonathan Chamberlain exhibit today if anyone would care to join
- Thanks for the mention! Looking forward to getting your book soon! Have a wonderful weekend!!!
I know I may be biased but writer chats w/ are some of the best interviews i've ever seen.
Headed off to New Mexico for my job.... yeah! By the way, that was sarcasm....
is it school?
me too! he has paper stuck to his taint! Ewwwww.
What did soulja boy say?.
Luxury Tax
I did VO at some point after that, buy haven't heard anything since. I have to dig through my old emails for contact info.
Maceo is sitting in with our drummers other group The Heard for James Brown's bday tonight at AliveOne bar. 3buck 3floyds!!
you're so wise Cossin
A 1987 quote from artist Barbara Kruger regarding the costs & value of artworks: "But whether it is painting, sculpture, video, ...
hey boy hey...ur pretty cool and have fun toys
RT : #Free Cupcakes today at 12-2pm! Say the movie title, "People Like Us", & you get a free cupcake!
train time!
So much for Max Scherzer making a comeback. The dude is getting rocked.
If people aren't loyal, people aren't for you.
nation wide ground stop of all united flights due to computer glitches. hope i dont miss my cousins wedding bc i chose united over Southwest
my dominican neighbors next door are high as fuck right now #LMAO #YayaSisterHood lol
Bo!!!! I just lost a bet.
Tonight--10pm , we bring the 70's Italian Funk at the MONDO ITALIA DANCE PARTY for FREE!
18 holes of match or medal play will teach you more about your foe than will 18 years of dealing with him across a desk. ~Grantland Rice
Yep. :) & we went to the fair last Friday, & he won me a stuffed duck. :)
I hope you got a receipt for that change you got on my head goonie
that's amazing! I'll miss seeing you all this year.
No way anyone could actually want the Spurs over the Clippers, right? If you want that, you must hate baby puppies & Santa Claus.
Hey, are you around? I need any info you've got about Amigo. Thanks!
It's a new york city apartment. It's 2 rooms for 2 ppl & u have a panic attack when u can't find a place 4 something. It's not productive.
Headed out this week to NYC and then Port Au Prince Haiti...I'm nervous about at least one of the two...
So honored to have been a guest on 's show tonight talking about dance, fitness and social media!!
I mean, I'm clearly tired.
will you marry us please????
something told me not to come
I try
Applied for a library job through CUNY.. is this a push for me to get another Masters... hm..
TT how are you? What's happening in the Nati?
Over 4,000 Oregonians are employed in Chiropractic offices around the state.
I love to golf, but the prospect of golfing when it's 90° kills my golf boner
The Lord desires to heal the inner most parts of your heart. Confess your pain and allow Him to begin the healing process in you. Seek Him.
Guess Mayweather is $32 million dollars richer than I am.
Writing and publishing RPGs would be great if not for the majority of boisterous cunts commonly known as "the fans".
brady show them what's up!
Every love is a gift even the ones we lose.
What does that say about holiness? RT : it is much easier to appear holy than to be sane. -chögyam trungpa
Waiting for friends at a bar while noticing another person waiting for friends at a bar.
Listening to 's "We Are Rising," Ryan Lott's voice is an intriguing yet somehow familiar mix of Kevin Barnes and Brandon Flowers.
your such a sports fan and I need a new collectors club baseball idea to paint for this year- any thoughts?
#ryankennedy come on guys let's trend it :)
Try our groupon now deal tonight ! Only $10 for a large 1 topping pizza!4 available, they go quick!
yea get bit by a snake nd die okay lol
Text LOUIE to 32075 Louie Vito will use text messages to keep fans updated as he joins cast of Dancing with the Stars.
Havin a pretty damn good day. I want tonight to be the same way hopefully
Anything with white filled shit in the middle I don't like.
Goodnight twitter ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
. Our election party is at War Room in Capitol Hill. Starts at 7, open to the public, and all ages. #seamayor ^jh
I <3 hats! When I rock them or when other people rock them. Thanks lady on the train rocking the awesome black hat. Its fabulous!
Thanks for the RTs!!
what's up?
Fixin' to hang out with all the artists that are here for and then casino night and a little
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.
Anybody have experience w the ninja kitchen system?
I don't know, if it is there's room for some improvement. But going to try some other ideas too. Maybe something lemony.
I just made bacon & eggs for breakfast. <3
RT : New on Beauty411! Best of Beauty: Emma Stone at the S.A.G. Awards: Of everyone walking the Red Carpet on Sunda......
Chillin' with the little ladies.....
gav me reason2luv again.Their the fans band&not many bands r lik tht.Their all bout the fans happiness not bout money/fame.SGTC!
Happy Friday to you contessa! Xo
The Raiders need to learn how to finish opponents and not let them back in to the game. This team is far from being a serious contender.
hello ! New to twitter.....long time no! How's Emily doing?
Or aimed here RT : Here comes the pitch for NEA support in the fall.
Just got our first catering job of the year for Brown Mackie College! Can't wait.
Lori Losey: Directs, produces, films for DrydenTV. Coolest Job ever! Camera operators: New challenge: hold your shot at 3G's
NYC you always know how to recapture my heart!
lol once upon a time? its addicting
I'm fully ready for the 2012 Oakland A's to shock the world, Mr. Suzuki. You the man.
Girl, you're straight up KILLIN' it out there
graphics guy is asleep at the wheel
Was there fine print at the bottom of the screen: *Biggest summer blockbuster film except for The Avengers, etc...
On my way to work to sell amazing vacations!
I wear my heart on my fucking sleeve💜
Thank the lord for google.
Thanks for the retweet! It will be a great event, and we are glad to have our CEO attending.
It's so good. Every time I saw Bruce Banner I freaked out.
Sincere thanks to the NYPL Children's librarians for displaying my book, "How to Talk to an Autistic Kid," during my visit to NY recently.
Homemade chicken tikka masala for lunch. So good.
can you paint basements? My new fling does not have the same appreciation for the term "Rape Dungeon" that I do.
At son's 4 yo #YMCA soccer practice in South Miami; dark clouds, visible lightening, "danger horn" sounds—yet no one leaves?
Did you hear who is playing the finish line at the flower city challenge? We are, of course. Sunday morning nice and early
Perry's campaign has received significant funds by out of state casinos, poker legislation has been vetoed at least twice by Perry
Watching Real Steel right now. Fucking great movie. Aha. Shows how no matter where you start off you can become more than you can ever think
He's just training his audience.
what time is it in london?
Hey hey hey hey hey hey ehhhhh! Hey!
RT : IAITAM celebrates 8th anniversary. Thanks to all our members - practitioners and providers - for your involvement and support.
Just saw the Sierra Clubs ad against the uber safe
Cool have ever tried counting stars and wonder who stay there
Hi Josh, we don't mean to scare - just want to make sure to keep safety tips top of mind for a safe holiday season.
Can't sleep, gotta big day tomarow. Damn straight
ahh didn't see it on FB but then peeps are just now returning to rooms
You Call It Stealing, I Call It Borrow.
Union Parents finding it hard to juggle protesting with dropping/picking kids up at private school. if only they were off this week too
I grew up around my dad who was always doing IPOs and managing his own investments. I need to learn more!
I forgot about mighty kids meals!
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
I tell you all the time...I am here when you need me. You have my number. Pick up the phone.
The defending Stanley Cup champion Chicago Blackhawks are still actively looking for a partner
The Wolfpack is back!! Wolf and GK9! 2012 is our year!!
you should!!
everyones different. thats why you can assume.
so much!! I'm glad I made the decision to switch to a jeep!
Apparently The Mavs are when old Carolina superstars go to die
Legal Tip for the Day: Bankruptcy does not discharge all debt. You are still responsible for child support, alimony, taxes, student loans..
Yes sir! Last year it flooded into our apartment! Fuuuu!
The coaching staff calling Convey's name on multiple occasions with directions. New guy still working on blending into system.
Roland's favorite open ended question "How did you hear about our builder/comm"
Was there one hand of poker you have played that is especially memorable for you? What made that hand so special?
it hurt so bad but I didn't cry
John Muir Health has named Irving Pike, MD, as its first Chief Medical Officer.
Should be a beautiful weekend. How will you take advantage of it?
Don't forget to join us with your pooch for Holiday Hound up this Saturday at 2! Treats, pics and more-:) Rrrrruuufff!
First, my station in life, at that time, did not afford me the ability to impose my will or views on anyone.
lol, they might have been!
And god said..."thinkest for yourselfeth"
If you want to send me a DM, I can offer you a discounted price. Let me know
aww James! You will get one! We promise!
@ her « Oomf be playing games.»
thanks ! I have done trainings and speeches on #custserv and there's always more great info out there! Thx
and by Tuesday I meant Thursday.
We're back with a new team behind the wheels of Twitter. Merry Christmass to everyone
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your children have teenagers of their own. - Doug Larson
woke up at 6:30 this morning
I've decided to blame all my problems on the Browns. A fuse blew in my house and it took 2 hours and 4 places to find it.
what's the name of the wings spot you were telling me about?
oh no...they are talking about gay marriage again...no!!!
that's what I heard! Are you at the game?
oh then i'll come over and watch you unpack !
lol, I didn't think you were coming to the #Midyear ball. I'll email u re getting together
three designs :)
I need an assistant, anyone work for cupcakes, alcohol and Diddy Dirty Money promos?
The first part of our George Romero zombie marathon drops at midnight tonight. Which Romero zombie flick is your favorite?
What do you want to be when you grow up?
I got so much done today. feeling good
I'd send it up your way if I could! :)
Fixing the PS3 all by myself...ladies?
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. - Mohandas (Mahatma) Gandhi
you know what is not funny at all...when #wordpress deletes all of the posts stored in the back end.
Yea its a good thing to record it never know when u might fall asleep. TVD is always good cant never not love it :)
The only thing tht gets me by at work is seeing our regulars and them putting a smile on my face :)
Middle finger in the air, ask me how I feel.
Ladies you got to know this...They say that a good husband is one who can make more money than what his wife can spend.
Funny you should say that. I'm meeting a few rep-exes, Armijo and Ketchum, at Paradise Bakery there tomorrow.
Also related: Only 16 days until I get five days to do nothing. I can't wait to over eat, over drink and oversleep.
#WordsINeedToHear Christmas Break is here!
We hope we're part of your Sunday and that it's Fantastic!
See ya Tuesday, don’t let the door hit you in your crust on the way out.
Did anyone get to ride outside this weekend, or was it all trainer all the time? #cycling #isitsummeryet?
We are going to have to shape up on that for sure!
If you ever reach total enlightenment while you're drinking a beer, I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose.
That's a really, really ridiculously good looking line-up.
RT One juror asked if she could be excused to teach her classes at UVA. Hogshire: "Want me to talk to president Sullivan?"
Thanks ! We're super excited at being included in the #gamechangers issue!
just tuning in now to start of last #nets game in NJ, no spoilers! loved the pregame speech by Johnson, and so nice to see a decent crowd
What a great Sharepoint SIG last night. Thank you Jason
Parenting Magazine 23rd Annual Summer Camp Fair! Save the Date for Saturday, Feb 25 11am-3pm at the Fashion Mall!
Santa Fe nursing asst. says he was fired for being gay
You done yet? quit worrying about what I do with MY life
Araceli Martinez is not currently affiliated with the Middle Class Taxpayers Association, nor have we endorsed any candidates. MCTA...
is on Twitter. They say they're going to tweet seasonal produce deliveries. Seems like a good idea.
4 more minute birthday twin... Except I'm in bed watch General Hospital ;) RT : Bombay on chill
It's a chilly night but warm OUT here for you. Hot drinks & the last night of 30% OFF all photo & art books. Come in, shop, support, & SAVE!
should i
Break time!!#
Can you imagine what can happen if more people know about these 27 million slaves? Freedom is on it's way and YOU can be a part.
Thank u all who follows me need 200
maybe the Easter bunny will bring you chocolate covered tacos.
I was wondering about that.
Friend just sent me 1662 account of the "problem" of woman having an orgasm ("shivering" and "swooning") every time she had sex w/ husband.
So all weekend, all he could talk about... over and over and over... was how he asked a girl for her phone number, but she said it's broken
◊ Poor thing. Did you let it go? I was thinking I was going to see a cute funny mascot. "The Lemon Sharks"
Anytime! Thanks for the great presentations!
On hell's belles? I put you all on as pinners.
yo come watch the heat game at the Mondrian tonight
Thanks for sharing. If you still need that Hello Bar invite, send me a DM with your email and I can get you one.
Into it.
Dont suck fingers i repeat dont suck fingers smh what if that hoe was digging up her ass.
What prescription are hipster glasses?
yea something like dat
Radio interview for 'One Long Day' went well tonight.
Does it count when you say f&$# with a French accent?? Love the French!!
My first kiss <3
Yup on sale now!!
Good moment: old man on bike said "good morning" to me in a stately fashion while passing my car.
no problem feel free to join in on the mindless banter
We're so busy, I'm about ready to cry...but I'll probably have a bit of Bailey's Irish Cream tonight instead.
Work hard Play hard
It seems my dog show handicapping skills extend to horse racing... who knew #goodnewsbadnews ...
All effin day I help stupid ppl, but I can't help the one person that matters.
Cleaning out my closet ~(@^_^@)~
me too bieber <3
We currently have Bomb Shelf Sheldon Black OG. Today you can buy 2 joints for the price of one! Stop by now!
Michigan St. is showing they deserved a 10 seed, down 75-66 to UCL
cuz im 4 real.are u 4 real?i cant help myself it's the way i feel. -Avril 4Real
Spotted in the Mac App Store before my last tweet, but had to RT them because I can't look away from this app. So magnificent.
When I'm trying to know you as a woman and all you can talk about it Jersey Shore.
Play will resume at 7:45 tomorrow morning.
Took a sim card out of a phone, dropped it into a USB 3g device & bought credits from a kid on the street in Moz. US mobile industry blows.
what's the problem?
“: If you know sports and want to make easy money then why have you not signed up for Sign up here! bit.ly/uCN0hv
My little brother is throwing a tantrum. I want to go provoke him.
that's what I'm thinking. Zimmerman's story does not make sense.
Were you on The Simpsons and I missed it? Oh dear ...
Saw Terry Richardson on Prince Street and...Lafayette, I think. I've been waiting for my Terry sighting. He's taller than I thought. Love.
Hope everyone had a great hanukkah, Christmas, and festivus! Stop in today to say hi!
haha, yeah sorry about that. Lots of great stories out this weekend, and were excited too. Thanks for looking.
right. Arse wipes.
Going to M Resort! Chris Issak at the pool equals beautiful vegas Saturday night! More to come....
Is it a right? Cultural, environmental, and social to consider. US states/CAN provinces this answer will differ.
so bored nothin to do heree
amazing weekend! Filmed a webisode on Saturday and a Chevy Superbowl Commercial today! I love what I do!
jimmy fucking neutron is on tv. hell yes.
listening to eheheh
People can be so frustrating!!
I better go refill this propane tank for my turkey fry. I'm concerned stores will be closed on #Easter if I run out!
Lol yea. I'm bi and proud of it! And I know how ya feel! Well anyway night! Gotta go to sleep :) <3
Cream Cheese Frosting! Cream Cheese Frosting with Oreos?! Red Velvet Dough, Pumpkin Dough, and Vegan Banana and Pumpkin dough?! Get some...
Ha, well, I just had to look up πόρνος, and then had to look up catamite. Kinda changes things...
Oh I giggled. “: I’ve been in Wisconsin for ten pounds. That means one week for those of you who have never visited Wisconsin.”
#6 class in the country. All great today! No one doubts hokeamania..
touché, Carp should go round 2 anyway
I'm working on '10 ways your startup is like a vasectomy'.
Just saw an example of great #leadership: she asked lots of good questions, really listened to the group & learned from the conversation.
26 letters in the alphabet, WTF i need U for??
♀Happiness is a choice and the choice is always Yours♀
Ditto, except I usually make sure a few small children are in earshot... urgh
Yay for DC public pools. Heading into the Francis pool in Foggy Bottom on this gorgeous Sunday!
That is a great idea!
Listening to it now for the millionth time today :D
#IfIHadItMyWay Arianators would all be able to me each other at an concert. ♥♥♥♥
thanks for the mention and I'm glad you like the video!
After 1 quarter, the #chiefs aren't losing.
Do you think Obama and his admin. are doing a good job? Tell me your thoughts....
Mark your calendars! Kissing Daylight will be playing this years Kenny Ozzfest 4 at Radiodown in Covington KY on Saturday, December 3rd
Congrats on your SRRT victory, by the way.
Also, feel free to add calorie-free or low-calorie herbs and spices
no i didnt and dont say whatever to me x
nothing better than those long, close conversations.
Eating cupcakes(; like a fatty!
you all are so cute, but I am a little worried about Auggie. LOL
Just emailed, thanks!
That IS a great question! (Thanks for sharing!)
talking about you guys and in #JenClass :)
Is it time to catch up and discuss Venntive further?
I will be there.
so pretty..goodnite 💓
RT : anyone down for a college football fantasy league?
omg!!!! A lil blurry btw. Jeff how do u know errryone
2 bad I unfollow those who unfollow me because most who do I enjoy. Oh well, #thatshowthetwitterballbounces. 8)
#YouKnowLifeisGreatWhen..when people tell you "#YouKnowLifeisGreat"... Tell me why you think
CHECK IT OUT FEEL FREE TO LEAVE A COMMENT
WiMAX Forum Congress Americas coming to a close in 2 hours. Great event. Hope to see you in 2010 -
Still scoreless after three innings between North Texas and Florida Atlantic.
We're losing to the A's. THE FREAKING A's!
Great trainers tell you to punch more....I guess great publicists tell you to Tweet more.
i cringe at that movie
hey I didn't say anything lol
Well this is cool...
Summer. 2012. it's going down.
I'm not so sure that either is easy to answer, or at least to agree on.
EarthFair Manager's meeting unfolding NOW
She probably wont respond but damn i had to say something i dont think know how big it really is!
Some people are meant to fall in love with each other, but not meant to be together.
but they're friends forever!
New Psychic fair February 5th and 6th
pretty sure u cracked me up last night
you know I like it when you call me that
It opened today,is 24/7,next to "Sprinkles",next to the ice cream store to open soon. Woman said it's good for her late night munchies. : )
RT New guest article from : "Privileging Form Over Content: Analysing Historical Videogames"
At least you met them all. :)
our show have a 2:1 ratio of originals to covers which is different than the last few shows. you'll like the tunes
Huh..Cooking? Chocolate eggs and wine will be my contribution to this easter dinner!
Jersey Boys still an awesome show!!
Study/work hard in class, then we will be happy to see you!
how about a big fuck you, and goodbye(:
Nice win for the #Brewers. Gonzo play&#39;s D
I have 2. Hahaa. This one && . I use the other one more, though.
good plan.
Goodmorning Everybody on our #sioure #Twitter page
I wanna be your dominated love slave
EPIC FAIL LOL YHAT HAPPENS TO ME BUT ONLY I LOSE MY IPOD
I celebrate a power outage at work that allowed me to take a walk w/a friend this morning. Great way to start the day!
omg...sick of sharks already! We want Sara! We want Sara!
I am the Lord your God, Who has brought you out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage - Exodus 20:2
and yes I'm calling #Indiana your home !
I'm the proud new owner of a double-purfled, fleur-de-lis-inlaid, Naples-made 250-year-old Nicolo Gagliano violin!
In our nations capital for an industry communication show & there is no cell service in the hall
LOL I feel THAT same way! (and if not friends-that I am blessed to play their music for the people)
don't hate me cause you aint me
wanna borrow my "No I won't fix your computer!" t-shirt? ;-)
After the game tonight I will have watched approximately 27 hours of football since Thursday. Can't wait to do it again next week.
Wow :) 7 new posts for you! Enjoy! Off to have a late lunch...
Boys with nose piercing. Unf yes please...
"Keep the heat on me, keep the heat" on congress, Obama told CHCI. "Lift up your voice." "Tell congress to do the right thing."
Most of us R in denial with ourselves even when the roads 2 the truth are so elusive it creates confusions and reality becomes illusion
and all following me on Twitter?! Now, where's the rest of the gang? (Miss you guys!)
Whoever has the movie finding nemo I hate you right now.......... -_-"
“The public wants to understand and learn in a single day, in a single minute, what the artist has spent years learning.” -- Paul Gauguin
Hey Clue just sent your pics from Sugar Factory and Gallery to Rich! Thanks again.
That's what's good Kentucky
Just realized #Amazon.com does magazine subscriptions - I know how I'm spending my giftcard.
God be the glory! #Tebow gave the Glory and He was blessed!
We’re having something a little different this year for Thanksgiving. Instead of a turkey, we’re having a swan. You get more stuffing. - G..
Don't care about the #Braun situation. Just wanna know when the On Deck schedule is going to be announced. Right ?
lol yeah I feel you on that one !!
Hearing "sing" Lollipop with her non-existent voice hahaha
But just think, tomorrow is already Wednesday, which is one day closer to Friday, which is the day you have off! :)
lmao , YO can You believe theres like 4 weeks left of school 😝😄
Crime victim rights bill just got final passage
Should have taken the night off and started vacation early. I wanted to take tonight easy, now I have wound up with a project. Lame.
50-50 general election. From someone close to him.
Got myself a to do list -_-
My grumpy West African cab driver today does not want to answer my questions today.
I just got out of class foo. And yourself?
A raindrop ~ carries away ~ the mountain.
Follow Friday! Add us in your #FF tweets today and we'll follow you back RT!! ;-)
is looking forward to seeing all its clients/friends at the January 24th Lisbon to New York Fado show
For anyone who has children and doesn't know it, there is a day care centre on the first floor.
that's awesome! love mashable. I hope you get it!
congrats on the resident composer position with the !
Wonder if the #Jaguars would through on a free TPC Sawgrass membership to sweeten the deal?
follow me back? :)
only 10. It was 17 for me. But I dropped out and got a ged and my associates.
Congratulations Breakthrough Comedian television and film.
Woke up early to study for school, and all I'm doing is looking for a fuck to give.
Happy to hear! RT : Had a wonderful, eye-opening experience, and great tour guides. Already planning another trip to Dearborn!
When a person eats more than they should, the energy needed for digestion increases
Wanna get paid to drink coffee, tea and hot cocoa? Get paid 2 use toothpaste and soap! Call at 9PM EST 646 519 5860 Code: 64630#
no you are still at 60 something percent !
I like the rain cause it dosent judge me... What?
Courtney only knows how to act #TinWoMan #thebachelor the vows were on a paper she copied from
“: Whats the deal with that pool party we were supposed to have??? ”
Watching the bachelorette. I know I'll probably regret it.
well..just after brussel sprouts
S/O 2 ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS 💋💋💋💋💋 HIT ME ANYTIME TWEETIES
Im thinking Lakers vs Heat for the finals
Helping out with Joy Prom tonight with !
thanks Rob! I owe you an email/call/drink as well!
We are now open every day! Monday-Friday at 4PM, Saturday-Sunday at 11AM. SMILE BIG!
Hey, airlines, why it gotta be BLACKout days?!
RT : literally bracketing the GOP today with DesMoinesRegister.com takeover
Will Ferrell on #SNL is causing me so much joy right now.
I THINK I SEEN THE SUPERMOON LAST NIGHT BUT IT WAS HANGING OUT THE WINDOW OF A CAR
these little duckie things (:
Hasn't the ammunition already been given to recruiting rivals though?
thinkin about a lip tattoo...
In honor of Ground Hog Day, you know what we'll be watching...Rambo First Blood
when are you going to do another live chat
Only 10 more days till Rockstar's #MaxPayne returns! I've been waiting since 2003 for this day to arrive.
3 full weeks left .
I Been Wit Him Every Since Last Night
I live a healthy lifestyle and feel great
I packed a specific lunch for my 5 y.o. because he hopes it will make him seem cooler in the eyes of a certain girl. #AmIaHeroOrVillian?
No, it's logic.
Indeed! Scorpions, coral snakes, cockroaches, fire ants ... I guess moths and garden snakes aren't that bad. :)
Maaaannnn!!!!!! What Up Fam Fam. you saw that right?
Nice :-) def. Come visit ;D
It's official. The bacon is great.
Now I do!
Amazing choreography session today with our two choreographers and lead actor. Killing bad things is gonna look sweet!
dude. I'm talking bout Panda Run. Lmfao.
is working on making past brackets & results viewable-I always thought that was Jody
ur #MyIdol cuz u do things everybody is afraid to and u inspier me to juss be myself!!!!! <3333 plz follow
scratch that. Found it.
Welcome back!
It's only 10am looks like I'm heading back under my blankets and going mimis.
I just saw yourvtweet :3 I'm excited to! <3
WARNING: my twitter feed 2nite will be hijacked by annoying KU fan. K-Staters, MU fans, and Kentuckians should block weaver15 now.
I feel like I ran around with one shoe untied all day.
ya that's not hard to imagine from the news coverage @ the time
I know and text me I have to tell ya some thing
#funbieberfact his favorite number is 6. That's how young people think I am when I love him and talk about him
Spending the day with my Mom! Yay!
Wtf these dummies left my bag in florida and didnt put it on the plane. Ugh i hate flyin
hey! please follow and help me out!! i need kore followers ! i follow back!!!!!!!!!!
I feel like dying my Hair like Pure Red & just have Blue highlights in it or maybe a rainbow streak on my hair but that's a lot of Dye. O_o
#5Words Ask Answer Educate Empower Change
sweet version dude. Great #remix, period.
I'm commited to my music and I don't intend on cheating.
poopyyy now we cant get autograph :( lol butt yay!!!!!
Damn my page all fucked up. Don't know what to do now
Boston, see you Saturday for Game 1 thanks to
"Titanic 2: still holding" ( never let go )
CHRIS BOSH PLEASE GET WELL, imagine if chris was there, like at least 19 pts, heat would've won, win it on thursday guys!
8 mile run. mediation. gin and tonic. in that order though i debated moving the gin and tonic to first position.
Thank you!
Wow. Watching OC....Alexis, just wow. Shame on me, I feel bad for her :/
No Nash yet as the chants start up again. He's got to be coming soon!
Thanks dude RT : Happy Birthday homie
Thanks for the #FF!
I know Jessica & Joshua better be safe after those performances
CC is down... Please help lift her spirits, I can't do it alone right now.
One more signature to go and I'm done with school forever!
#itgrindsmygears when your contact randomly gets dry then falls out...
a bit more ruffled than I ought to be by an overlong Facebook kerfuffle
#sxsw trend: panelists spend a good 5 minutes talking about how they hate a catchphrase in their own panel titles.. #really?
Truth! RT : Get your advanced diploma and then go get everyone some coffee! Conflicted as I advise an aspiring arts admin intern.
jmuellers beef ribs and rudys extra moist brisket were my winners.
I didn't ask, don't know any details. I only met'em at a retreat, she knew'em.
Yep! Sounds like fun is brewing...
If anyone remembers me, I'm back... walked away from this acct when I folded my PR biz - and you're all still here!
Idk He Just Said He's Sick But He's Sad</3
Texans at 7. Get in here!!
curious how it goes with Fill me in later?
Find God. Put/Keep him First and keep it moving. Then you can't be touched.
hahaha from me ? (:
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA LMAO at where is right now!!!
Thanks, Tim!
Our 1st year MS girls are doing some Prime Time and actually qualified for Nationals.
Hope everyone had a great #Holiday!
ugh no fun
You do the vibram thing now, right? I want to get there, thought this would be the next step easing off the full shoe. Thoughts?
what do u know about suny purchase
So many tears the pain was deep was dead inside I wanna be free Where do I go? Who do I seek? When a voice inside spoke out to me
it had me Rollin to lol RT “: lmfaooooooooooooooooooo on what you said to tony I almost cried of laughter”
Dont live in the Past, live in the Present and for the Future."
now my 3yr old has 2 listen 2 Honeybee n car & sings so loud.2nite when said her prayers-"I pray 4 Mr.Honeybee" Lol!
Really?...I guess if the bullpen continues to bring gas cans to the mound. Reppin a 5 + era as of today
How is everyone doing on this FINE Thursday night :)?
Wow. That thing is a monster! Lol
Totally. “: Schwartzman vs. Baldessari looks like a freaky Wizard of Oz! :-)”
I don't follow you nor did I see that tweet
Good Morning new followers! Looking forward to reading your posts too!
Aww that's sweet! YOU MADE MY DAY. Hope we got you out the door with a smile on your face! :)
Extremely excited for what's to come on the #fashion front in #Ohio for 2012! Good things and I'm thrilled to be involved!
text me betttchess (;
girl u sed dat last week
The recently commissioned Zumwalt-class destroyer, due in fiscal year 2018, will be named the USS Lyndon B. Johnson.
Had a great 4 days in Baltimore. Now, grading papers and student conferences all day today and tomorrow.
all day
I can't help it but I will tweet about my team again I will miss them and the parents I was lucky this year
That moment when one idea sparks ten others.
Funny >>> RT Thought I just met Criss Angel. Turned out it was a hairbrush with a sequin handle.
is its bad if the first thing u do wen u wake up is roll up a blunt lol
Colorado? Its in the plans! Our new guitar player is from Arvada! So you will see us back there. For sure!
Dunno!!! I will give u a shoutout
hahahah they'll be grand! Hope they don't hurt it again now! They have training now:o
Write! Write! Write! Even if it's messy, get it down and clean up later.
do you like men?
Thank you for holding #DayofSilence to draw awareness to bullying in schools. Our students need & deserve safe school environments.
Jay mumbled something about my bass, but I don't remember what it was.
"Actors search for rejection. If they don't get it they reject themselves." - Charlie Chaplin
Come one Rangers! Kinsler up to bat Gentry on Base!
Longtime Doc Rivers nemesis Bill Kennedy among officiating crew for Game 6, along with referees Derrick Stafford and Eric Lewis.
Watch Brian Halligan & Dharmesh Shah as they share business insights to grow your company!
really SGP voice
Lol everybody mad on my TL
If I was a judge on a crappy tv talent show, my honesty would make Simon Cowell & Stern combined seem as soft as a cotton ball basically
Downside of being a vampire --being unable to use devices with capacitive touch screens.
#WhenAustin goes a little overtime on his ustream :)
love you too
Done with #apush! Time to enjoy the night!
The joy of Christmas is greatly experienced when you get the blessing of hanging w/ children like my niece Atalie. Merry Christmas!!!
Oh No! We're being followed by the ! (thank you occifer)
I thought so. ;)
has me in Ruth Chris watching this Heffalump try to eat the biggest burger EVER, smothered in Mayo and licking every finger
Hitting up The Midway tonight to play with 7 other songwriters like and Lenny Lashley. Can't wait!
It's a beautiful day! Hello tweeters! Let's continue to work on our challenges as we appreciate the blessings that follow. Keep moving!
Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1. - Warren Buffett
Gotta train for those hills!
: I GOT CHU JUS LET ME NO...
I think that 's Hot n' Cold was written about Indiana weather.
my source says that trade is an E12... meaning it absolutely already might have happened in a possible universe.
Ariza was like dang, Kobe got me again!!! Way to finish the quarter #LAkers!!!
Thanks! Put in our 1st offer yesterday. Waiting to hear; seller has till 9pm tonight. MT : Good luck with your search!
I think we need to start considering the Canucks' playoff run a success for actually winning a game over the Kings.
Pleaseeeeeeeeeeerr follow me! <33333333 i <3 One direction and you!
if we heart that the retail market hit a all time high on Sunday we will know why :)
Without a collective voice, vets are looked upon as being shell shocked footnotes within society! The freedoms of the US are as result of US
I got into art.sy! sweet!
Im such a mornin person!!;)
It's Bee Time. Episode 3 airs in 5 minutes!
Congratulations to ! Makin' moves... literally.
#FuscoFriday ! Yeah Buddy : )
It's #bike to work week. Anyone taking out the bike this morning?
.50 Cent wings and $2.50 Coors light pints all night!!! Game 4 of the world series @ 8:20 Tonight!!! Come get Some!!!
That moment when everyone is serious but you can't stop laughing about something that happened forever ago! hahah.(:
LOL The taco my husband made?? That bastard! He's so never cooking for me again!
Hacking computers.
he, he, I forgot. I don't have all timers, though, I have half timers.
in my mom's homemade blueberry cake!
you got it!
1 final down, 1 final to go.
we both had so much fun. Thank you!
What was the tweet?
I miss home.
15 more points, and you will be allowed to sleep in the bed again.
Is Chris Broussard turning white?
Pet the pussy... You're doing it wrong...
good morning how are you ?(:
Way to go 'Cuse!! Sweet 16 in Boston!! Let's go ORANGE!!
« « Who goin to the party tonight RT if u r»»
Cultural evening in Miami. Started with painter Veronica Saenz at MIA, then to MOCA Plaza- Marlon Hill, Nicole Henry then Viernes Culturales
So much for yesterday
My dad is making great progress with his knee replacement. He's already allowed to drive.
seriously though?
Yes, I do blend in at hockey games. Sam at MF just pointed out the earrings the other day and we had a good chuckle.
I did Seattle to Victoria for MSA this year... Schedule basically requires one-night stay in Seattle--ferry only once per day
no, he's not dead! just lazy. :P
its a house full of sissies doin the wobble
There is no shame when it comes to comic book movies. Enjoy that midnight showing of the #avengers by yourself!
.twitter my updating at bad so am i
I got this nifty contact form on this page now sweet! Im gonna explore these apps on facebook. haha!
Open bar in NYC >>> you're doing
last tweet but does True Romance count?
"If I had my life to live over again, I'd be a plumber." – Albert Einstein
TY for following us !
It's so nice! I like it just like this.
1st time back in the gym since foot surgery! Here we go !
Now Shopping For My Holloween Costume !!
RT SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS!! I will NOT be in San Antonio this Sunday at The Heatwave. False.
Pittsburgh and fans! Pbs is showing le mis 25th anniversary sunday night at 7!
April is child abuse prevention month! Thank you NYC Preventive Programs for keeping children safe.
Give me some sugar.
Love can touch us one time and last for a lifetime and never let go till we're gone.
Yup, absolutely.
Watching in #NewGirl makes me happy! Catching up on my shows!
Thursday SPECIAL! Buy 1 Acme Sausage, get the 2nd 1/2 off! Make it a combo! Cleveland Ave., north of Morse
Jeff Halpern and Mike Rupp, now is not the time to get acquainted in such a manner.
() Those were great! Especially the last one, lol. Thanks!
lol something like that, gotta do what you gotta do tho.
network just did a tough mudder interview with Wild head coach Mike Yeo.
What is the most successful method of integrating online and offline citizen monitoring and reporting, social movements, activism
