I was very lucky that I called my doc and she listened or I might not be here!
ugh lucky ! What do you plane on doing ?!
Let's go Pens!!
I wish I had my bike right now...thought the guy would've been finished with it this weekend, but hey, as long as it's done right
Yes! RT : Create compelling spectacles.
Dont miss our crazy party tonight @ TRU. Feat: Daniele Tavella ask for Chris&Dave"s list
Buckeyes in Final Four. Only thing better. Buckeyes are National Champs.
my daughter videl watch it
i love it, drink, eat, play in the snow and do a little work. best time ever! how about yourself, are you surviving?
yes! and I cant even take it, I just want to see more!!
exciting to imagine how this convo will go at the end of the decade. Any bets?
lmao why wouldn't you just use febreeze like normal people?!
Wow - NY Rangers take the Senators late in the 3rd, 1 - 0. Great game ( if you're not a sen fan).
Making up a dance routine>> four page essay
#hookmeup with some new music guys! Send links my way!
“: If this were 1912, AT&T service would be decent.”
Also I'm not telling anyone the theme so don't ask.
Change is on the way, expecting a big uptick in Estate/Gift Tax valuations for 2012.
Tired, Don't know why I even try. Fuck it whatever.
maybe since your play....I'm just sayin...
Yep I L word him but he let's his mom influence everything maybe I should let him go I really Don't want to tho idk what to do :(
AMAZING photo! And captures you so well. :)
RT Great conversation with my brotha Richy_Rick about the #ArizonaTakeOverPt2 and the summer. Let's get it!
The world is yours and every bitch in it Its out there get on your grind and get it
Congrats & well done! I love
i hope things falling together not falling apart..
isn't it great what money can buy??
RT : Happy Birthday to my weenieeeeeeee ! Your old now lol Love you :)< lol thank you weenie I love you too!!
I'm so bitch,and i don't care...
Hahahaha!!! He had me too salty wit the slander, it was all I knew lol
He only matters now. <3
Ya know what would really make my birthday special is if Tweeted Happy Birthday to my cute fan lmao
Check out epicdental.com if you want to be cured of cavities. Seriously. Xylitol works people!! You can get it at Henry's called Spry gum.
Life's good. So I'm feeling great.
Sam Sparro yes
awesome! That lunch was a long time coming, more good talks to come.
Get rid of those Wednesday blues and spend #HappyHour at #Fridays! $2 domestic drafts & $4 #highballs will cheer you right up!
": Taj's 3-pointer wiped off the board after review. 76ers lead 48-40 at halftime. #Bulls" ouch. See ya in 2013 when Rose comes back
Bout to join the boys on this cinco de drinko
yea that one is real nice .
ya luckily for me my iPhone still works enough for me to use #instagram lol! Otherwise I love
that sounds like a nice change of pace :)
heat is down 2-1, n greeny is talking wade to black n white brooklyn
Food, library, maybe a little ball at ridgecrest
I also don't think the Nets could ever out-glitz the Knicks... especially if they don't get Howard and lose Williams.
thank you muchly:)
thanks! I'm very happy with how they are turning out as well
Wonder why? RT : New London athletic director Scott Eggart just confirmed that girls coach Troy Krause has stepped down.
what's wrong with you fam?
On phone with 30 minutes so far, finally I get someone that speaks and understands English, no respect for their American customer
miss u too! We're doin it big this year! What's good??
"AND-- MURDER HIGHWAY. WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW. PLUS-- ENTER TO WIN THE SION I-Q!!!" just remembered that. Lol
sure why not!!!
thank goodness for more gators! i was worried the baseball player and the matador might tire of each other. *awkward*
We're running a $300 special for small businesses with a money back guarantee! Message me for details to get more customers.
careful....he might getcha!!!
Last minute shopping? Head to guest services & get a giftcard! T&C's apply.
Ehhh that's not far
. we trust corporations more because we get a choice, and cuz the bad ones go out of business. That never happens with governments.
Nice collection RT >> What can I say, I like to read.
Ok Johnny Depp makes everything better.
Accidentally showed up for my dentist appt 24 hours early. They're taking me anyway
#TheWeekndFlow while trying to work on my outline for English.
At bdubs having drinks & wings....yea im back in college town
RT Slipping, dammit. Today my milkshake only brought 79% of the boys to the yard.
Until you get so drunk you can't check your email or make a phone call. Never happened...just sayin
i've been here since One Time and i plan on staying here.
RT Deloitte: employers spend 50x what they spend on training a manager, recruiting a Manager.
Long line at the deli. Parked next to the cheese sample....
love to hear that!!
not from Boston, he's from Alabama
Very similar to "Scanner Darkly" Each comic frame comes to life then transitions to the next. I'll post a link for ya when done.
Cute moment of the day: My dad who doesn't usually text sent me a text that said, "ok.smiley face!"
Was planning on being unproductive today, but I find it's too much against my nature.
Smile - it's good exercise for your face! :-)
sympathy vote? "he's just like real America"? I don't think that's enough to overcome his personality and ego problems
Eggfast now offers Regional Development opportunities in addition to single and multi-unit offerings....
thank you!
I'm addicted to reality tv...
RT Art - Dragon St. 1st Thursday. Galleries stay open late. Park & catch multiple openings. 5/7 Dallas Design District.
What's the worst rap lyric ever? Could it be "Hey, Hey, I'm Simone, and I ain't no clone" or "Hi, I'm Kyle, I can smile for miles"? Which?
Now here's a #project worth doing ;-)
Baseball at the MLB level is about a lot more than talent, but it's thrilling to see how much game he has.
jorge: Westheimer almost impassable. Still raining. Stong winds. Lots of damadge. We've only seen one person outside.
Back in black: DOA reports Wisconsin now projects $154 million budget surplus by June 30, 2013. $45.4 million would go into rainy day fund
Holy crap! Nice run too! What a beast.
All I know is Brit Brit's mess have to be at lowest dosage possible throughout the season.
Someone I need help
Beyond irritated
oh wow. I like the idea of each being a different number, and all those numbers falling from the sky.
A little cottage on a little lake in the little state of Connecticut!
Apparently you have to stir stir-fry. I'm new at this get off me.
lol I was coming home and was gonna stop by again, forgot it was so late
We cant thank you enough Kansas City! Thanks for followin us!
Happy hour on the brain? Try our 5 for 5 at 5. $5 wines, well cocktails and apps from 5-7pm. Live music tonight from 9pm-12am.
sophomore, actually
lmfao its the Arabic version... hahaha
Surprised he said it. It's what a Jewish person would say. MT : The Roger line about Fiddler on the Roof made me laugh
haha we're in business then.
Run a mile yaaaay. Now it's time to get ready for my chorus concert tonight(:
So, it still hasn't landed?
Great game today!
From Westside Albuquerque, the bosque is a lovely ribbon of gold and green.
Thank you! You can do it too Lina! Reach out if you ever need help. Happy weekend! :)
Officially an LLC! Mainly excited that I am done with all the paper work and hoops I had to jump though taking up my design time.
HAH. Very very appropriate. Thanks :)
Damn. I gotta go back to school today...
GO FOLLOW NOW and i i'll give you a shout out!
Whent to re ride ranch Tuesday and hung out with Lefty and some cool Berkshire pigs. Now come to wood and vine to see what they taste like.
nice, man. gonna quote your blog in our new press release this week. thx for the support.
Quite unimpressed w/ sore throat I have developed this evening~[after 2 nights w/ sick kiddos crawling into my bed]~ Not cool man- not cool!
u still live in Miami?
Hey Rick, we hope you had a great time! What did you do while you were here?
KS/NH GOP - making docs lie to women is NOT rightous --Job 13:4, "But ye are forgers of lies, ye are all physicians of no value."
I'm miserable and staying inside with the windows shut! Start doing sinus rinses (Neti pot) it helps A LOT!
What is the difference of a Social Media Specialist and a Social Media Generalist?
Smashing this egg drop soup.
dad lives here xx
how many doctor who pins should i pack?
Anything in the name of science!
you sd you had no one to tlk too so i figured i say hi
have to get up at 6am tomorrow...SEEMS LIKE I WAS ON A COLLEGE SCHEDULE JUST YESTERDAY...oh wait...that was yesterday.
Oh glorious day, please don't be so cloudy. You're ruining my mood.
Me: Aaron why are we such a good fit for each? - "because your just the right amount of fun for me"
So all this is actually happening, all at once, why?
Even Greinke said "Ryan Braun is a cheater" RT : Zack Greinke's day is complete after 7 scoreless.
sounds fun.
Target is wasting valuable BluRay shelf space by clogging it up with the likes of I Spit On Your Grave (remake) and Terminator Salvation.
don't ask. Lol
Horse whips? Really? Ok. This mumbo guy needs to pack his shit. C'mon Obama go John Wayne. "U R gone in 3 days, or you're gone in 3 days."
In route to Napa! Harvesting Pinot Noir grapes all weekend. Cheers!
yeah I turned off Adblock and the first one on YouTube was anti-Barrett.
All the losers at the table next to us are playing on their phones.
5 hours of messing with chords My fingers are are so numb
Worried about your own girl trying to see if shes mine, she with me when she say she need ME time.
NM Hot Chocolate and a bowl of steamy green chile stew
Happy Birthday Rich Life
Grow some balls? Balls are weak and sensitive. If you wanna be tough, grow a vagina. Those things can take a pounding.
YEAH YEAH YEAH!!
Accepted. You're officially a "runner".
Well hello there Twitter XD
;) you're welcome love
Now you have got me all fizzy. If the elves would only come and finish my new book tonight life wd be complete.
& he told me that Tim was flirtin with some bitch in their 6th bell
73% of all consumers spoken to are unhappy with most websites that had a language they weren’t familiar with.
Thomas has like 12 catches and 120 yards. Starting WR in the 2 deep next week: Thomas & Devin Smith?
haven't been there yet. will check it out! thanks!
do u not get on twitter a lot, I sent that a long time ago? Are u single angel?
In Germany they do
sun_in_scorpio's photo (null). Thanks for the photo Allie!
Gas prices went up a nickle a gallon over this past weekend.
Hope everyone had a nice Thanksgiving. Take all mistakes for Love.
just so u know i am 1 of ur biggest fans i watch u on #youtube ..... Pl follow me:)
I'm pretty sure my flight is gonna be delayed tonight *sigh*
fellas fellas fellas...
RIP Steve Jobs.
When I get old and brittle I'm buying the gayest dog possible like a greyhound or some shit
i worked 6 days this week & then gotta work 6 more days til i get 2 days off . fuck my schedule .
Texans nab Georgia C Ben Jones
I wish facebook had a way of uploading audio cuz I wanna share stuff I've been working with. aughhhrughgurh if anyone knows how tell me
Are you going away for a few days for Spring break? Place timers on your lights so someone appears to be home!
nah back home playa I'll be here for at least another few weeks
oh I didn't see u today I'm stuck with no one to talk too
what's good cutie? How's everything? I am good.
Thank You!
I miss you too! How's NOLA?
Facebook is truly evil and aggravating. Why will you not let me respond to posts Facebook??? Grrrr.
more box smh ur mad cuz he loves me ;)
Do more Do more please!!:D
So awesome. And grateful to you for doing the important stuff even though it's hard.
yes your banner is ready, sorry for the late response to your tweet
#Chronicle was amazing but i thought it would of been better :( i waited to see it for the longest time
make him make his parents hate him!!!
you going to get it?
i remembered that i forgot lol how u tho.. miss yo ass
CONGRATULATIONS!!! Very impressive of Erin. :)
Is the rain over? Scott is about to talk about our forecast next on FOX 7 at 5!
“: Shows no love... Where is my tweet?” You must show him the way!
I love when perf games happen, he's gettin laid tonight!
Awe-inspiring live shows, powerful original compositions, and crowd-pleasing presentations have helped the Booty Band build a rock-solid...
Location is a very important aspect to songwriting.
#LastTimeTheHeatWon everybody was on myspace.
didn't we need this? RT FREE Bridal Gown Alert! Giving away 1 gown-or up to 5 bridesmaid dresses
But half DP and half root beer is so good!
And apparently I am also a few stray letters behind you, given the typos in my last tweet.
Still time to donate an Easter Basket to - Drop off at NEVADA FOREIGN TRADE ZONE 6650 Spencer St. - #110 (89119) Near McCarran
#PensIn7! It's gonna happen!
Welcome back after the snow days!
Bring the kids in costume to any Colorado Applebee’s on Sunday (10/31) and the little ghosts & goblins will eat for just 99¢!
1 week tonight till Portsmouth, NH 2 see the incredible talented Will wear I Pledge Allegiance to the HAG Tshirt
So tempting to yell Cody's better when Trey Burke steps to the line.
mane we gettn a deal how n da hell we come up wit 3 hits n 3 hours
I love the friendship between & Such perfect humans.
Sure. CSO, other stuff, whatever. When?
Contrary to popular belief, just because you want to lose weight doesn't mean that you
no doubt my dude
About to get up an cook breakfast...
of course each woman too:) gotta fit the twitter characters;)
You should DM me
Even in 100 degree weather, women must still maintain a professional image. Our male counterparts do.
*rolls eyes and shuDDers* RT : The true horror film is you tweeting about a daughter. *shutters*
Thanks for sharing this news with your readers!
Sorry, I've been away from twitter for the past 6 hours. What'd I miss?
keep guessing ,,,
Helluva show! Thank you for having us! RT: Can't wait to hear more from Favorite group of the night.
until next month USC does not control the Coliseum. Costs incurred for use and security.
nice, Where'd you see them?
Waiting on the train, bo.
in #Austin! What a relaxing wonderful #spa!
I don't necessarily think Mike Brown should be fired. I just don't think he should be paid for this coaching job
JUST ANNOUNCED: Childish Gambino at the New Daisy on Wednesday, October 5! Donald Glover fans, rejoice.
Is about to pass out...and I still have to drive to Fort Lauderdale
NO MY LIFE IS RUINED ....
Congrats on 's funding. We're excited to see your future.
thats cool what do u have so far
you can order some off of our menu tomorrow night. Umm.... does fortune fish have a retail store?
thanks love <3
My planned-to-be snarky #nycmidnight second round short story ended up sweet. Oh well. Turned in and fingers crossed.
good Fufu is all about consistency and can be a tough 2 make, but hoping you will show your future wife how its done!
Bahahahahaha I appreciate it.
u at that gym with ATL upscale!
? Brinker planning to run for Texas Gov office or angling for Cabinet Post if GOP wins POTUS Is this Karl Rove strategy?
you guys look effen amazing!!!! :)
♪ Happy World Music Day!!! ♫
stank ass people smelling like newports and shit
You just tweeted what i just said
MVP and 2 chicks at the same time! You Da MAN!
Only 12:15 local time and my remote is exhausted.
I use twitter 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
thanks for the retweet my man.
I hope gets the TKO and his titleshot. Then he can rip the belt from Ben Henderson AGAIN! #TeamPettis :-)
YGE moving great now at' high of day HOD'
No Sir I Am Not! Lol
Related: i'm teaching the 100-lev class for the 4th time, but it's my first time with the 300-lev
14-5 last 19 picks! White Hot! 10 picks for Friday for only $20! 6-4 or better or your MONEY BACK GUARANTEED! Email us to set it up!
The rain is right tonight.
- Welcome Saxe! Thanks for following! Let's work together in 2012!Robin Lynch Aerialist
I miss my baby :/
a mess girl!....but you right Evelyn was being a bitch.
I'm happy to report the last dentist finally caved in and now 5 out of 5 recommend Trident sugarless gum.
Mine too. All of the sudden. Weird.
#HungerGames and #Boyfriend that's what I did allllday
nope! I'm going home after Enrichment is over. But I'll be on board the night of the 19th. Is he/she working or a student?
You are special. You are dear. You're the friend who brings me cheer. I need ya here every year. So get your rear to the gym, ya hear!
#15 Once saved always saved? #areyouseriousbro Names can be removed from the Book of Life Bro! #GodlyBroTips Rev 3:4-6
just fell asleep in a library cubicle
good advice for all, not just underachiever. I know I didn't catch the context though - just butting in as usual :)
The EPT will be played on the 3rd floor in the same area we were told, not the 1st floor. Good luck tomorrow, Sir!
Harvested kale, cilantro, lettuces, mustards, chois and herbs this morning, come by for a taste!!
Broderick, thanks for being a Razorback. No one could gain yards in the 4th qtr like you could. You will be missed.
Plus snoring is the worst thing ever. We could torture our enemies with snores and be victorious in all endeavors.
HAHA, I'll live tweet so you'll know when and where I crash. // Remember MPLS, always wear a bike helmet!!
HEY EVERYONE! We will be releasing the "Babyface Nelson" music video 3/30 at 6pm EST!! RT!!!
Next time: spaghetti post-run. 🍝
in my opinion ur the greatest girl to walk the face of the earth:)
RIP Chacos. I have had mine for 4 years. I guess that means I'm not that adventurous.
Crack is whack RIP WH
So somebody spent the night wit me last night & tha mf bitch got mad cuz that mf was wit me all day & night... #ThatBitchAintYoBitchDog lol
"I have like hyper-mobility in my shoulder blades. I really want to do a handstand right now" - when yogis get drunk.
So do you want me to unfollow you?
When i'm 15 i'm getting the same exact tatoo you have on you'r hip on mine <3 lol , my mom promised me(:
Are there any food trucks that hit up the Poway Business park area?
Agreed. SPIN used to threaten RS in that department but not anymore.
SERGE I-BLOCKA!!
this aint no picnic bitch!!!!
you have a good memory
Happy birthday!!
Can't decide if the fact that my parents tirelessly promote my books is awesome, embarrassing, or both...
"one of my followers" I think?
My first trip of the summer is to Birmingham to play golf with my buddy, Jim Smither. Excellent way to kick off the season.
In this Aug. 3, 2011, photo Jim Capannari, a small ice cream maker, makes ice cream at his shop in Mount Prospect, Ill.
Watching an interesting, if not a little cheesey, vaporware demo of a futuristic office with _all_ surfaces interactive
What do Snowmen eat for breakfast? Snowflakes!
Hi Jenn, hope's all well....
Drake be dressing bummy cause all his money goes to strippers. Praying for love from a lap dance.
never made it to the office, but will try it tomorrow!
MOS WANTED FTW.
thanks for coming through tonight! Looking forward to the event on 5/23, Through the Looking Glass!
THAT SHOULD BE ME, GETTIN A TWEET.<3
I'm just kidding with ya. It was a joke
If this info is true I'm going on a rant give me min
#fas2012 great papers, great venue - question for advocational/professional conf goers: any probs with photos or video doc during papers?
"Strapped Down My Bed. Feet Cold And Eyes Red. I'm Out My Head." "Am I Alive, Am I Dead?!" From The Song, "Rosetta Stoned" by TOOL.
I hope everyone has an amazing day!! :)
Bout to go take a lovely hot bath and read my book in doing so...
Our high school student staffer speaks Spanish. Now we can record and edit video by Spanish speakers!
san francisco
thanks for the follow! We hope to see you at Pumpkin Ridge in August!
RT : Good luck to all the students during finals!
Being a mother today is really tugging at my heart strings.
sweet sixteen reception is Apr 24, would love to see you!
It is favorite. You two are twins.
im up making beats all day...
Your favorite McDonald's meal now comes with complimentary Wi-Fi. Get some work done, check email, connect with friends...for free!
heard u had a real good yr out there at kish.. congrats
RT : HL7 Chair: "Board agrees to 1-yr pilot pgm to license #HL7 domain analysis models & functional profiles at no cost"
Thank you for voting for Forest Hills School Levy!! We are all making a difference in children's lives!!
My papa bought me choclate milk<3(:
That awkward moment when you tell somebody bye and yall end up goin the same direction.... Yeah that just happened smh
Up and off to the gym =)
Niggas N Paris......
TAMUK is losing!!! :(
Dear #snow ... Not cool. #sogladidontworkinnewsanymore otherwise I would be in it, looking miserable, telling people to stay home...
Maturity is achieved when a person postpones immediate pleasures for long-term values.
Big Time Orgasm
yes mam imma be outside. Come when you want.
Thanks for that amazing visit to bank street! We loved your presentation
Good to have your boys in these desperate times... #CAPS games that is..
That sounds fine. What time works for you?
The games and movie in the park event is underway... Kiddo is having a ball! :)
Right. In truth I'm trying to solve the project notification noise problem.
i love u more come back soon kk x
awww hi to baby!
This day has just been strange overall
YEAH BITCHES!!! I FINALLY FOUND BLAME GAME BY KANYE WEST!! BEEN LOOKIN FOR THIS FOREVER
I think that imma ride tha single life till it goes outta style! #TeamSingle&Based
'To do' list for epic #Spain and #Portugal camping trip: basic Portuguese lessons, Spanish refresher sessions, & learning to drive stick.
Chilling Chilling ...
of course!!! You are awesome. I hope that everything is going so well. Praying for you!!!
make me coffee! Please :)
Team no days off.... Congrats bro RT : AH I GOT 3rd PLACE! I GET A MEDAL. HARD WORK PAYS OFF!
Turn it on pacific time! #TheVoice starts NOW!
Get the jacket ready for Michelson!!!!!
Does that say Chicken Tittys?
Its not called stalking.....its called investagting!! DUH =P
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 87
Need help with remodeling project? Call us now 512-722-6136
White- frank ocean
I'm still going to start praying now - just to be safe. My hub is in Vegas - Paris hotel - wOUT me! Too $$ to join him. :(
<Hmm> this gives an idea. Maybe we should create a MacGyver page/committee. </hmm> RT : call MacGyver?
not very likely .. Although the library does give access thru to sports facilities ;-)
Just saw the line up for Buzz Under the Stars...I cannot wait.
I once thought the idea of was too simple to grow. GIS people who do complex things made it grow.
“: Shout out to bean pies.” Have you been hanging out with the "honorable" Elijah Muhammad again?
Spot trending now in West Hollywood, CA: The Standard Hotel - Ultra-lounge (live updates)
hell no closer then that
Your eyes are the music to my soul
thanks for keeping us updated
Watching the first 10 minutes of #teenwolfseason2. ;D
Bless my heart, this portfolio is going to kill me.
on Constitution! Need beer...
2 mile run finished. Let 36 hours of complete gluttony begin!
Don't know who u are ,but you look like a star.
looks like you could be getting the snow you've been waiting for all winter. We'll see!!!
Thanks for the champagne! I am toasting your achievement.
It's so good you didn't see the nervous wreck I used to be. You never look at me like I'm a liability, I bet you never think I'd been at all
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
Spent this week reading a 600 page book. 4 main characters: 1 kills self, 1 castrated, 1 has legs amputated, 1 goes blind. Saddest book ever
FREE $20 RIO Gift Card when you purchase a $100. Now that is the Holiday Spirit!
Whenever i do something wrong i just blame Nolan
thanks - you were great too, as were Steph and Maize (but we already know that). good for us :)
Why do we have to go back to school !?
So she wanna be late
a toshiba -_- I've had it for like 2 yrs though
I think a group of umpires should form a band and call it The Human Element.
Thanks for helping us spread the word today, Tawanda! :)
Woot! We're excited (and dashing to get ready)!
It would seem that you already have manufactured a crisis with this question.
defending champs my ass
ah. right size, but I'm looking for a cruiser. Too bad! Good luck selling it
Maureen Dowd's latest column has a link to textsfromhillary in it. I give up.
thanks for your continued support and retweets.
Of course! So glad to hear that :)
Attention: I am following those who is following #RETWEET if you did
Ricky Gervais is on Curb Your Enthusiasm right now.
a movie? Me nor any of my roommates have ever heard of it.
If you not gone talk about shit , dont worry about using my number!
Lovely to see all, sorry to jet out so quickly!
Hey , thanks very much for the follow. Appreciate the interest. Happy to reciprocate. Hope all is well in Boston. Cheers.
Running the corridors of the national museum of natural history, knocking aside the elderly.
I never needed to impress anyone to be where I'm at in life. I just stayed me...
patch global warming in mw3 please so manyy god fucking damn polar bears!!!!
Jeanne, we are eager to hear you speak here in #RVA on 3/17 about your book #2020Workplace & gain insights! ^EB
Class last day of this class
Oh, much thanks to you and your darling son!! Thanks for watching...
Afternoon reverie: More women's #bylines than men's on today's #PageOne , ,
If you're not doing anything tonight, there's still time to make it down to Sticky Lips in Henrietta for at 9:30!
followback Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos ;P
what's your email again
i bet I failed math.
Just go after all the Hood's don't you? Better keep they name out ya mouth.
are u going to doing the later ustream?
just one more reason to move here!!! Bring w ya 😉
is the best! The most amazing customer service available! The highest quality stay and not to mention that pool! 😍
I miss when I was 5.. And there was a fan anywhere and I got in front of it so I can sound like a robot(:
Twitter has also dumbed down reporting about virtually everything. ESPN is happy to sell ads around sensationalized stories.
Happy Birthday to my baby !!!! Hahahha! <333
It's a full day tomorrow, so try to catch me at Vanessie, downbeat is 7:30pm! Remember your GREEN!
Lame bitch bussin' shots!!.
-emailed you but didn't hear back. who can I reach out to
I wish there was a place where I can be away from all this drama and ignorance....but until i reach heaven....i gotta stay here....
sorry but got stuck in traffic driving to san Antonio. Won't be able to Skype in. Will email tonight to get notes
DAMMNNN, it comes w/a video? That's serious business. I wonder how much they cost on a regular day...
It's coming along my new script.
Looking for someone? Cheating spouse? Background check needed? Hidden asset's? W.mwishartpi.com
My PC was in the shop...Just got it back,,,FTW!
": #ONLYBLACKPEOPLESAY "Is There Food At The Funeral" "Yeah" "Kay I'm Coming.""never heard or said this before tf
A shout out to some former colleagues of mine doing great #sxsw coverage
I hv an Acer Aspire One running Linpus Lite; a stripped down version of Fedora Core w/XFCE and customized screen, SSD, boots in 10sec
Kidding me?
Working on presentation for next week's Law, Culture & Humanities conference in TX: "Another Vietnam: War, the Archive, and the USS Kirk."
I would eat them off him... Lmfao;)
- we are very much in love w/the signature beds & pillows
Trip over love, you can get up. Fall in love and you fall forever
riding in the car, just chillin'. Hungry now...want some lasagna. lol
#thevoice is fun and Xtina looks awesome!
Sir Speedy Owner Jim Brebner just completed the Boston Marathon with an Official time of 3:38:00. Way to go Jim!
The only reason people talk behind your back is because you're in front of them.
#nocheater it probably would but I'm to lazy... Ah I'm badass at this game..
i really hate sneezing with my retainer in.
I love how "Kiss the Girl" by Sebastion on The Little Mermaid comes out on my "Reggae Radio"
Should be able to scan with no problems though. Don't hesitate to talk to support via if you need help.
dreaming of my day off yesterday
Chicago Tonight. Expecting Thunderstorms. A few storms may be severe. Low 17C. Winds SSW at 10 to 15 mph.
Really LA drivers?Stopping in the fast lane 2 switch drivers when there's a shoulder next 2 you?Didn't think it could get worse. I was wrong
Just now getting off work headin home to the wife and kid
Q3: Writing my first task analysis. I'd taken for granted all the behaviors that comprise everyday tasks
Thursday-n$$!
damn...you are barely arriving since around 4??
What I do tho?
And on a similar note, thank goodness for SAFER barriers. That hit could have been much much worse.
No Expo stuff coming up here yet. But I speak online on NHB all the time! Any more trips my way? Thanks.
Little kids are so cute when theyplay baseball :)
Don't put off your summer AP homework until August! Divide this into daily tasks. Read x # of pages each day or take x # of notes each day.
better be part of that verse lmao
Not if it's the truth! =) : Is it wrong to buy the Nike shirt that says, "Skilled in Every Position"
I love #FLAXSEED!
looking forward to seeing it!
so good seeing you last night for Birthday!! Sad the night was cut shortlol
need a power nap... Cancel all my plans bitchh!
yuck. Good luck surviving the day bro...
Hope you had a great weekend and your Monday was pretty smooth.
Be sure to watch for our email newsletter tomorrow morning with some great weekend specials.
Kind of like MTV
only you damon D:
awesome! I hope she get's to do more then got to do when she was a judge - that was a a big ol tease.
Anything you do is an occasion to engage yourself mindfully in the present moment--Andrew Weiss
I'm going to give it another shot but what they thought was humor, was just fucking mean & you could tell it hurt Ming.
S/O To My Nigga For Doing His Thing In The Video
“: compared to me you are. Happy Friday.” Lol
this time difference is killing mee
at least you're avoiding the meat sweats
Ready to see what can do at A&M! When do you leave to go up there?
Every penny goes to the shop by law, but custr still often thinks we are adding in profit margins.
Treat your sweetie to something sweet like Cherry Almond soap or Sweet Pea Bath Salts!
Holy crap I'm in VA!
Thanks for the RT, Chris. Have a great week!
thank YOU for making this an amazing day.
Read 's #DirtyLittleSecrets this summer based on your intriguing book talk & LOVED IT! So engrossing & eye-opening.
it was wasted. Not even duct tape would of helped. Btw. Get towing insurance for the fig. Glad I did now.
u are such a big role model to me and ur an amazing person I love u Justin!!!
------> RT If everything's under control, you're going too slow.
AWESOME! We can't wait to see you guys! And yes, Heath & I are definitely coming to see Henry V. Can't wait :o)
Cool tell him to get at me.
All a girl wants is for one guy to prove to her that men are not all the same!
i loved how the occupants of apt L were early risers this morning. we should keep that up :) mornings together are fantastic!
that's terrible and untrue life is a beautiful thing
In the studio ALL DAY today getting ready for Europe! Excited, nervous and busy!! YAY!
It's getting all very scary now this years as the visas for Azerbaijan arrived in the post this morning! #scared!
Twitter =/= "Cool kids table", but 300 followers is cool!
Thank you for the opportunity!
that's coo only do it if it's wat you believe in
I feel like you don't shake a polaroid picture, it's more of a wiggle
Are George Zimmerman and Casey Anthony married yet?
When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick
Follow back please?:)
5k n morning, leave house by 6, up now 4 1st feeding of the night... gonna b a long day + softball after the walk/run!
I got ninelives bitches and a snitch aint one
Some awesome ppl to follow ->
Thanks for sharing!
If I could get a dollar for every time I have to tell a student to unplug - close program - plug headphones - open program - I'd be RICH!
Hayden's mom haha
nobody's perfect, but your perfect for me.
The reactions to Rue being black are so ridiculous that I just can't even. :/
so benign at first, until that fright-inducing gaze begins to suck your soul out like a dementor
Tonight Kevin did the painting and I did the being sick ... so yah same thing but we did it couple style ;)
Fantastic!! Thanks for the support. RT : I work in NICU :) already supporting my team!
yeah nigga that's me
RT : Let's be real this shit is kind of spooky. Tupac at
scare to go to sleep
Tweet ME
OK, got it. Henceforth you will be known as "the other black guy" - LOL
Time for water aerobics class!!!!!!!!
yup any time
Heck of a win by Towson men's lax tonight over Delaware by 5. Very complete game. 3 in a row. RSTR.
I leave tomorrow morning! :/
dental surgery, eye doctor appointment, two parking tickets, and now stuck in traffic on the way to work. Tuesday is not my friend
I know he did.(: I just never get to watch them live. I've only watched two of them live.
the weekend is here...how are you going to relax?
That thing does not like Dwayne.
Remember, the Athenaeum will be closed on Monday, February 20th for Presidents' Day and will reopen on Tuesday, February 21st.
And Riley need to wake up so she can eat n tke a bath tho...
Is fiction honest? Especially since often it is taking context from the outside world and scrambling it into a form you can
to: ONE HOUR TIL YOUR BIRTHDAY, HAPPY BIRTHDAY, I LOVE YOU VERY MUCH! From:
I guess our experiences differ; At SECONDARY level, I've seen TOO much chaos with 35 students who R too "comfy"
have a great day :)
i gotta get ready for Jess to come thru now...i ain't even woke all the way yet...
I'm on a roll!
Deviant Dales Firkin at Bicycle Cafe on Friday too. Just sayin'
All great achievements require time. -- Maya Angelou
Next time you are in the Chicago area we will definitely check out a show, create a gallery and make you the featured band.
Love all my Friends even Dave ..
Comm ★ RT Wordsmith | Exceeds business objectives via communication strategies & tactics | NY/NJ/PA | bit.ly/de8eN0 |
Don't fear the #thatcamp Austin application process - we're looking for discussion, so don't feel limited to 'presenting' a topic.
- Sen Sanders is the best! Or as Fox says "Socialist Senator Sanders".LOL. Fox is afraid of the truth that comes from Sen Sanders.
If there's ever another #CICDH , would I be able to get an invite?
I've been neglecting my twitter.... SHAME ON ME LOL
congratulations. Fun way to do it
You should try and build high quality links and not just back links. It's better that you use some software to build links.
Taking a half day for no good reason. If you need me, I'll be outside.
Thanks for the shout out! How are you using Camtasia?
Spending my lunch catching up on some emails in the credential holders lounge. I enjoy being a #BICSI credential holder.
Hey Liam ! Can you please follow me ??? I love you guys !!!!!! :)
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Henry David Thoreau
You are awesome! Glad they gave you some wall art.
It's the worst ever! I go on too many shopping sprees online!
RT : Besides our service, how do you get #transit info to help you get around town? We're interested in the tools you find useful.
when i went into an auction she didnt talk and left
Looking forward to meeting Jay Maxwell tomorrow in Clear Lake!
Im staring at the mess I made as you walked away
For people who dgaf about my last post.. #TadowSlapbow ya self
How i am asking people their opinion for my paper >>>>>>
Who's ready for #ASHA12?? I know I am!
aha thats funny pick up line ;)
Yo why is it that hardly anyone goes to our Dolphins games! I'll tell you why it cost more to park 30$, than my Fn ticket! Wow I'm at hm HD!
I need to run off all the food I've eaten today. Ugghh
oh and you're welcome... I guess.
RT : thr needs 2 B a business TV show 4 performers , b/c 80% of artists forget thats the reason its called show business
...and friends to distract you, too. With the social life thrown in, why would we ever leave?
Great to see & at social media panel. Thanks for coming!
of course!
Josh Lewin finally said something funny... Describing Phillies fans last 45 minutes!!! Ha!
Ha RT : You should be aware that a #Scorpio female will not take it lightly if you are disloyal or casual in your dating process.
Na Dumb asses get locked up lmao
I'm not sure that I could do Alaska... especially after Chicago.
Happy Birthday, Taylor. Thank you for doing what you do and being such an inspiration. You deserve everything<3
there is a lot of tears that are shed in the support group. it is a place where we can discuss our burdens.
If you think I'm too much for you
college is stressful
; I really want the Take Care album .. I'm broke though ):
hello atlanta!!
THAT's BETTER!
Go Spurs Go!! Great win, now go and beat those Faker Lakers!!!
New song will either be up today or tomorrow, fan base is really growing, thank you for the support
#withNolanunderthemistletoe anything can happen. He might just knock over the Christmas tree.
the new guy Miller Wake is going today Beckett has flu
Get me 4 mor followers please shout me out!
I wanna dance and love and dance again
Ron told me to tweet hi to you
For real Melo?
Ge Convection Oven Parts: Electrolux : EW30DS65GS 30 Slide-in ...
Schools need a zero tolerance bullying policy. My 6 yo nephew is already being bullied at school because he has autism.
Christmas is a time when you get homesick - even when you're home. ~ Carol Nelson
But seriously kids, don't use "LOL."
good idea! Start the summer off right!
I like to put a lot of butter on one piece of toast and then I smash it onto a plain piece of toast. Minimal effort with maximum results.
aw! so far, yet so close! :)
Being in love with you makes every morning worth getting up for.
You are spamming.
Time for my "8" hours of sleep. Who is Nurse Jackie? Are we close to the same age LOL Nite!
A weekend full of tears, a loving girl's broken heart, and the man she loves telling her she's not good enough.💔😔 where's my happy ending?
thinks that Santa Claus has the right idea to only visit people once a year
Please don't be in love with someone else. </3
Lion country safari for my brothers birthday! :D no school for me today
Thoughts and prayers tonight for family and friends who are dealing with severe, life-threatening weather in the mid-west.
"Yeah, well, it was the 80s. We all had wacky personas." -Bobcat Goldthwait on #WaitWait Don't Tell Me.
Organize with like-minded parents? Request a meeting with the supt? Get news orgs involved?
It's weird to see how much people change.
This Friday is our last show, until (much) further notice. @
Upgrading from the Razr to the Razr Maxx. I'm excited to have more battery life, but this backup and restore could take a while.
RT!!!! ": - i wish my dog could just fall over & die already ."
Vacation Day 1: start a new schedule by waking up early to study/write.
St. Louis!
ooh, I like that!
OH NEVER MIND. I understand!
can't stand you
lOl ik but still let's chill later on
Grill ReplacementOutdoor Cooking and Eating - weber grill replacement parts
#2222 down to 2 lanes near Mesa
i followed u u should follow if u havnt already:)
Get excited and enthusiastic about you own dream. This excitement is like a forest fire ? you can smell it, taste it, and see it from a m...
Hey -- thanks again for a great time this morning with We had a blast on
NBA regular season kicks off in a little over an hour!! A very Merry Christmas to team and arena employees around the league. Wait is over.
People that will change the world () need backup:
“: Jack White to play Hangout Fest! Full lineup release on Tues! RT for your chance to WIN VIP TIX. #hangoutlineup” woo hoo!
never less never stress
love that song
i unfollowed you because of your attitude.
"Sleep is the golden chain that ties health and our bodies together."
and at the legendary #Minneapolis venue known as the music at 9:45pm
I want my nxt girl to b white wit a killer foreign ass swagg so everybody can hate. Lol #deadass she gotta have a stupid cold body tho
come and get it
Everything...everything is $2 tonight. Tweet a picture to win a t-shirt!
he betta be getting that leak on my car fixed forreal.
This intermediate guide will show you how to do that through various tested and proven article marketing
Totally agree -- she is looking GREAT!
Say Something, if your feeling the vibe.<3
#swtc3 very nice simple "check in" screen. Progress. Brag. Move on.
If you spoke with me Fri.you would have taken some gains from your shorts yrades off the table. Today's rally lets you add to the short line
is the ♕ of hip-hop, can't stop won't stop! & is the ♕ unsigned, look out for greatness!
I agree. Was a annual trip to fly in from Mpls for it. Not going to do it for 1 day now.
still disturbed that yesterday a director of ed. at a large museum told me that education is the way to "get your start" in the field.
Maybe I'll skip the book and go straight to the podcast than.
Watching switched at birth then going to bed. I have this fascination with deaf culture. I'm tired, sore and ready for the weekend.
OH HOLY PAIR OF JEANS!
Very true! RT : Thanks for following. Yeah, Paleo is the most ;)
by the way do you and Steve know who Neil Moffitt is?
LearningExpress keeps growing. Over 800 tutorials, practice tests and ebooks now available.
Thanks for having me on the 5pm news. Always fun to see you and hash out 's #winning pr moves!
Good morning y'all!!
This weekend starts in about one hour.... and Im gonna make the most of it, been a long successful week &I feel like celebrating!!!
Thinking about how much of the price of chicken is made up of injected salt water... suddenly I am wondering more about what I eat.
Thanks to all who bought Flying Colors today. Neal will autograph first 200 instead of 100 as an extra Thank You.
So wrong! RT“: I just saw a man wearing Ugg boots, in the spring. #saynotougg #imineugene”
It was great. Awesome park, perfect weather and good game. You'll definitely have to make the trip sometime - you'd enjoy it.
Don't move in with your parents for a few months before grad school. Doesn't matter how broke you are or how much you want to quit your job.
So far looks like gotta hit wit my brotha #FMG MIKE MILLER MUSIC WORKING
okay bye :)
Got two extra vip tickets to drake tonight if anyone wants to go. Hit me up if u want prices
So my computer just shut off and it was like "Alert! Previous shut doen due to thermal fan ability" lol what
I think you'll be really happy with Armstrong. They are terrific.
Would like to see Mitt Romney in a "quiet room." (With padded walls.)
First time winner. Yay! Really excited. Noticed you live in NB. Me too!
I bet none of you can say that you jogged the Pittsburgh Mills Mall while it was closed, yes? Well I can!
: ... Insert angry gibberish here ...
I don't think I could ever put an Apple sticker on my car.
Men > Boys
txt me so i can tell you about urself !
Find a Happy Hour near you, on your phone: www.gotime.com/mobile
RT lol if you don't have mrs.bailey-cutkomp, don't talk about it. cause you don't know shit about it.
Twisting today at Bertuccis in Medford, Ma. from 3-4 pm For Tatiana's Birthday Party!
Time Will Tell
Kentucky's 45 blocks in this year's NCAA Tournament is the 2nd most in the tournament's history, and 2nd only to UK's 48 blocks in 1998.
stupid phone.
Met Opera Orgy
Jumped 17'4.5" at the NCAA championships and got 16th. Not what I wanted. Next time will be different
Time for bed for bed... too tired
WHO'S SKYPING? I HEARD IT WAS #boyshortsappreciationday FLATLINE_THE1NE
Ouch. Take two of something and tweet us in the morning.
The hilarious thing about academic work on contemp media is that you are absolutely going to have citations like (numnumchew_lol_4949, 2011)
Work with others as they will work with you
Your Mississippi group is up four at the half in first round bracket play
wow, that made me dizzy! France is pretty flat near Paris.
Congratulations Tony on many great years in
thank you!!! I just got off the phone with Rod, haha. I'm going to make a visit soon. And yes im ecstatic about this new adventure
opening week of public release version. :)
Who remembers Tony the body guard from outside? I showed him a pic of MB and he said they are beautiful lol
love the song RED BOTTOMS by iits amazing :-)
I don't need a guy that's funny , i make myself laugh
Next show is 102.9 The Buzz "Friday Night Live" show at Red Rooster in Nashville, TN on May 11th!!! Show @ 7:30. Come out!!!
Oh..so sad!
Romney calls marriage 'tender' issue, repeats stance: Marriage is between a man and his harem.
Aww such a cute pic... and outfits :)!
The most common thing we hear post-haircut? "I wish I could make it look this good at home!' While you can't kipnap your stylist, you can...
shit me too my nigga, im on fairwood and forest
lol lol... I do it sometimes just for the shock faces 
100 vanilla beans, split and submerged in 1 gallon of vodka. This will be vanilla extract for fall and winter, 2012
Was just informed by a homeless man his empire extends from the gulf of Mexico to the barren sea. Just an FYI peeps
One more #maddencurse joke: Lions ownership better stay near the fax machine. That retirement letter will be coming soon.
Man, I am wide awake today!
RIP Dick Clark
Doom on you wind!
We ourselves feel that what we are doing is just a drop in the ocean.But the ocean would be less because of that missing drop.Mother Teresa
LOL....I just saw this!!!! NEVER
lol we should go bowling as one of our adventures!
#Taboo2 Tonight ! Meet me in the Back VIP ! LADIES YOUR FREE ALL NIGHT !!!
thanks for your purposeful share at #NASPA12 I want that ear!!
One thing I'm sure of, Mr.Weiner needs to deal W/ insecurities & such a "need for acceptance" that it would lead him to risk everything.
Stretching out, About to get my Newaukee on and I dont want to pull my liver again
Hi! Typically we do not hire for the summer, but email your info to !
this Chef is in good company!
Roommate decided to partake in a screening of the original Parent Trap, on the Hallmark channel + Thin Mints and ho-cho. Single ladies!
XM folks: if ur a roots music fan tune in now to now for AAR show - all female artists. Only 20 min left.
i want a crazzi girlfriend for that excitment
What better than a "The Planets" marathon on such a cold, wet, rainy, dark day.
Thanks for dropping by today, Eric. If ever has a Roti craving, just let us know ; )
Great... Now I want some cookies. >-<
Sounds like a good challenge, NIck :)
Problem #1 Ding Ding Ding!
It's been another long, great and productive week. And I still managed to stay positive and humble all day:-). so today was a good day~BAMM.
Time to get your Warrior on. Camp starts April 16!
oh thanks... glad you like it!!
Love the response times of the peeps. Thank you for always answering my questions promptly and with detailed examples!
Texas D1 Morse knocks off mighty Minnesota PumpNRun 65-62 in Best Buy Denver semis. Team play and composure to overcome a late deficit for W
faded, faded, faded
I am a money magnet
LOve you my love please follow me please :D
you're a nerd when it comes to twitter. LAME SQUARE.
Trane sounds amazing on A Blowin' Session. Just now noticing...
My brand new macbook pro keeps crashing when I install and try to launch my Japanese learning software. Please help!!!
Thank you so much Austin & for a super ! See you next year & we love you Austin!
Not sure yet. Will send a doodle to the group and base it on ability to attend.
Today, 4-5! Presenting INCOMPLETE PASSES in Oconto, WI, Come talk #reading #Packers! I'd love to meet you!
certainly not in the can.
#immersionmarketing When brands encourage us to mentally and, in some cases, physically join a movement or embrace a world-changing concept
whenever your ready
- This is not the same Rich Davis from the PR industry, correct? Thanks.
I'm not really here :-( had to say hi tho
Thanks for the Ustream FOLLOW ME PLZ?? (:
Lol, <3 Cant wait to hear it Momma!!!
if you think I'm signing some kind of transfer paper,
Some great properties : Real estate investor Joseph Tabak and his Princeton Holdings won right to buy $112M stake in Ring portfolio
I remember 2 times clearly. Jacked up his shoulder once
My presents ate not under the tree. I love the smile I see and love I feel among us. Hope you experience this timeless gift. CHEERS.
It's #Fridaythe13th ...therefore I feel great! And you, sir?
Whatcha gonna do when the backpack comes for you?
I want seafood!!! Crab legs shrimp and scallops yum!!
follow back :-) our florida friend :-)
Come see us at the tradeshow booth or look for our street team
--> Hey you dont know me but I came across ur page off of Layar. Seems we are close to each other. Maybe we can hang out or sum?
Lmao! RT : Steal that shit RT : Girl! That was a good tweet! Too bad I can't retweet it tho cause your account private!
do u record any?
if you dont you may not need to but if you start, wow, its on then. Good looks can help you in achieving your goals faster.
aight cool u good for monday night then
fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on this fool!!!
THX and THX for being a good friend to my sis.
the tweets commemorate the final flight! Think astronauts will tweet from outer space? They have a couple iphones after all...
Seriously, file in with the Patent office & then make & sell t-shirts. It will be a blast & I would buy 1.
Just thought of a hilarious tumblr page! Hope you'll all contribute when it's up!
Wait- Master P and the 504 Boyz did a song for Katrina - "We Gon Bounce Back"?!?!?!?! *SIGH*
What's your favorite drink for brunch? Mimosas, Bellini's, Bubbly? Stop by all day today and try them all!
Happy Mother's Day
Gonna try refinishing and reupholstering a chair. There will be filthy language involved.
didn't Mike Greenfield pitch during a marathon session once?
My pleasure. I will be back to comment on the article. Have some thoughts on the crowdsourcing idea.
's and 's version of Thinkin Bout You' >>> Got that on replay.
because you live in Syracuse
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I'm in love with him, but fake like I don't.
FANTASTIC!! Its my birthday and my besties have a whole day planned out for me!! ahh #Soexcited!! :))<3
Hope the girls had fun on track day. It's hard to believe how fast our kids grow up!
Listening to kiss fm ;)
Thank you. It truly has been a pleasure to know you the last 4 years.
Larry Blair’s tips to reach his fortune from his own experience.
my apologies , what was I thinkin. Hello tallia , how are you? -_____- next week though ? How come ?
Sorry missed #uxchat tag RT : What would the group say are examples of excellent mobile UX that are in the market today?
So excited to go home and watch the WEC fights I TiVo'ed! All these emails, statuses and tweets have got my expectations through the roof!
wahoo same here now I'm not alone
Sitting with You funny bb!!!
like it, but your arms folded makes me say no because it's unwelcoming :)
get to work!
You bet! Very interesting info!
I'm scared!!! Trying out for pole vault!! :O
used to work with a man from Tequila, Jalisco. He didn't drink.
Love living in a little beach town where I can walk to my eye doctor's appointment from home.
talk talk talk ;pp
Yea! Happy Weekend to me! No work til Tuesday! Road trip tomorrow! Mothers Day Weekend!
Do you ever get that feeling when you know you shouldn't get so upset over something so little but you can't help it?
#ESPN=#UGA HATERS.
it is really you or a hacker?
All registered cait wait to start painting ... This is awesome
mine too....hearing them say "Margaret" was like ice water down my back
it's going really good today actually
RIP Ian Abercrombie ):
Is actually sunny here today!:D
Hope tonight's news takes us closer to world peace.
One-Eyed Mikes with Paul Murphy and Dan Lee and a serious bass ukelele.
I'd rather have a few true Friends then a bunch of phony ones <3
Seems like everyone is going to 's concert but me....
it's awesome when you mess with ppl hahaha
I told my roommate that Chuck Brown died , he was like who tf is that...I forgot he was from New York lls
yeah ♥ it was an instant connection..me and btr..n_n i remember sitting in front of my tv playing it over and over again.. ♥
Thank You for following me!
he is the columnist here in Orlando. He has a call in show here in town from 6 am to 9 am. You can listen on I heart radio
Tuesday ; closer to Friday .
just returned back after watching firefighters work on a fire at Satchel's Pizza. not good.
I saw wicked when it first opened but I'm taking my mom for mothers day, it's her first time. You should be glinda again!
oh...... That's uh.... Nice. I don't think I've ever heard the word until I was like 13
There appears to be a massive ball of light suspended in the sky?
really ? I'm glad you liked it xD
you're welcome ;)
too cool for school (:
Can't wait to be back home, laying out by the pool.
Feeling weird? Go hang out at the Lubbock DPS.
Shaved head, goateed Obama would be badass.
Appreciate your response. The Publican is an exceptional restaurant, which i visit as often as possible.
“: Sick. is that kind of an enormous glove for a SS?” Glove is too bad that his bat can't fit into his bag
“: . Better no jobs than low-paying ones?” Wow! Really?
& will be killing it tonight
Working on a new song.
Thanks for an awesome yoga workout evening :)
* FIRE ALARM * Teacher: "Okay people, single file line please.. " Me: "MOVE BITCH I'M ABOUT TO DIE.
I only order what you say! If you want boneless wings, say that you way boneless wings! Besides a grown as man ordering boneless wings
Meeting my whole family makes me feel Madea movies might not be too far off from reality
well his is the only one you need to remember
I could never leave this bed. #supertired #goodnight 💤
Scarlet Passion by Henry Asencio! Can't wait to see what else he sent us for the show next weekend!
peeled the banana
Yes, Nick. They will be available after Sunday. My dad's got first dibbs. After that, first come, first serve.
Milwaukee, WI it is raining like Portland out there so let's get our drink on tonight. Where are we going?
Live and let live.
gotcha Radiant One but I got more HAWK in me than DOVE! And Hawks dine on serpents!
im jammin right now
Pretty new profile pics!!! <- his is *cool* (sounds more manly than pretty ha)!
RC CONCRETE LEVELING of AKRON OHIO amp AIRPLACO MUDJACK PUMPS - used cement mixer
I'm an idea person-I am full on them.
Can i get a small " Hi " It would make my life :{)i just wanted 2 say that I love you and you're a huge inspiration to me<'3
Played with After Effects Mocha for #SFGiants commercial today.
isn't your xfactor audition today?!
Cleaning House
Good to hear.
Let's see how many people will do stupid stuff cuz Twitter told them to #TypeYourNameWithYourElbow. And then try to lick it.
Yo, spring .... where are you?
like does she not know how she's making her self look?
wish I could make you my weather radio :-)
good look.
when everyone didn't have encyclopedia sets in their homes how did they do research?
Did you ever fake an illness to stay home from school?
Bring the whole family to Green Valley Lib tomorrow at 2 to celebrate Earth Day's 42nd Bday! Arrive early for full participation.
Is it true that is going to be on Punk'd? Someone is saying it is.
On the phone with Andrew and Sarah. Talking about pick up lines. Funniest niight ever. Just got in trouble though fun has just been killed):
lol i jus had to chug that shit before my computer class
Sounds like you are in the right direction! Only a matter of time before it starts rolling in. Let us know if you need help.
#10FacebookTips Guys if you have gf don't like or comment a girls picture if she's wearing thong /bra /half naked . Trust she'll find out !
Why does #Baylor uniforms looks like they are picking up trash later in #kcmo? safety dance!
Lol right! RT : I think the reasoning for me not wanting kids stems from the whole "21 questions" stage. Like stfu!
Congratulations on the Facebook fans. Great stuff!
Got addicted to instagram!
Noticed along with "Punishment Park" Netflix also had another Peter Watkins film: "The War Game". Another interesting film.
Category 27-b winner is Patrick Dahl Chicago Blackhawks
Thanks for looking that up! Now expect an influx of CaBi spead freaks EoTR. May bump up ridership.
Celina Gomez, Olivia Newton John called, she wants, well she just wants you to stop making music
Find your favorite motivational quote and share it with us! We've love to see what you find.
Oh yea, I'll be out there tomorrow
Awww. That's probably the last one left. (Although I did keep my outfit from that video - designed by Gorman herself. For reals.)
Don't miss our cookies and strawberries - An assortment of our best selling cookies garnished with strawberries @ Firehook Bakery!
I am in the process of studio recording to complete the first of two (2) albums. I have spent over 2 years so far composing this music....
lol..don't hate.. I stay flexed for days..
Mondays suck. Feel (way) better with us tonight!! It's our first night of APAP at the Kraine Theater!!
Like really........ There comes a time were you have to do it yourself you can't have babysitters your whole life.........
Hi Carol - been looking forward to connect with you here! #writer and
Saturated wit wack ass beats. Where da swagg at?
Since my muffler fell off, I can't hear the tunes. -
it was awesome, the last scene was just, well awesome
no I wasn't able to log in either. I need my own copy now to shoot at something!
By 2015, half of all smartphones will ship to emerging countries.
No. no. I have NO words... The first thing I thought of when I woke up is---no-- we lost. DARKNESS .
OMG fellas..Athena is wearing a sexy black silk dress with lace...y'all need to be here..TOC BAR. 112 Travis..OMG..ladies hurry up..
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all,Please.-12
what a champ huh hahah
Holy jazz fundamentals test. Basic Blues in extensions on piano, diminished scales, whole tone scales, and technique patters. Oh my.
have fun babygirl! :*
Thanks darling
All that we are is the result of what we have thought! Our thoughts are so powerful so choose great ones!!
Does this mean we have start putting Facebook information in our documentation?? Crazy.
Thank u! I need all the inspiration
funny. That's exactly her. Ha. Teaching her how to use mute function instead.
Forever Families: Adopted kids celebrate new forever families - YNN, Your News Now
I don`t know my 5 year old should play on my ip this much but she`s seriously perservering with things rather than quitting at difficulty.
Provisor 2007 #Syrah is a steal at $18 a bottle. This is a very bold & balanced wine that easily can be mistaken for something 3X the price.
Fascinating #sachat topic. Don't have much to add, but makes me think about SA Staff burnout.
IGNIS FATUUS album cover preview is somewhere on the MySpace page!!
Ain't No Rest for the Wicked
Wow Georgetown is the 3 seed yes!
Only 2 free books by RobertTuchman left! Win them now with $25 #cancer donation@ www.sportstacklescancer.com
Hope - we r upstairs near u-holler when yr free
Preach. RT : I miss having a twin XL bed, my feet hang off the end now
thanks for checking out my music... its greatly appreciated!!!!
My aim to is improve Central Ohio one idea at a time!
sucks cuz 2012 Royals were real ass holes to the Sox when they made us their bitch this weekend
When the mind suffers, the body cries out!
i AM HUNGRY (NOT LYING )
whats the best iphone app for #twitter?
i really mad that this clippers and grizzlies series isn't 2-2
Thanks for the RT!!! Have a great wknd! :)
#WhyDoIAlways let my feelings get the best of me?...
November 18th needs to hurry up!
Livin' the life.
It began as a wish and grew to a do-able project, thanks to a few dozen *amazing* volunteers. Really feeling the community!
IM SO PROUD OF YOU AUSTIN!!!! YOUR GETTING YOUR BRACES OFF TODAY!!! YAY!!!!
Happy thanksgiving/ turkey day :D
"REPPIN DA EAST COAST." Lmao idk why but i love how nick says that
Humor helps. Parents don't need to go this far! SNL Chris Farley Livin' In A Van Down By The River - Matt Foley Motivational Speaker
#Followers what's your #favorite movie?
Mindless Tacos!!!
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
#JustRememberThat you should always be you
All we need is a Bonfire!
Welcome to the Broncos.. Do you think this Peyton guy can throw?
it's tempting
#oncmeeting we need transparency on usability. Challenge to the vendors
me without you is like shoes without laces, nerds with no braces, ASentanceWithoutSpaces, just incomplete! 4/4/11 <3
Damn I can't wait to be a millionaire..
don't people stop your progress because they are not ready!!!
I can finally listen to a decent radio station now. Omfg. Englands radio stations are so shit this time. Smh smh.
Is "The Mittness" actually a thing? Though I suppose "Mitt" is easier to nickname-ify than any part of "Rick Santorum" - DvL
I think Arya and Sally Draper would be great friends.
We are a local business, and we support other local businesses and co-ops
Just got offered a very interesting opportunity here at work. Gonna mull this one over for a few days. Hm.
I'm a deleter nice to be here
Hahaha! Thank you for brightening my day. *crunch, crunch, crunch*
u do with tweets tho ;)
Netflix just dumped every conceivable Discovery and Animal Planet show...so now you can watch titles like: Dark Days in Monkey City
did you all of them?
What are the odds that books would have words AND pictures?
“: I believe it, (:”your gonna stab me but one more time what's your guys anniversary ? Lol
Talking to my BFF on yahoo
It's official. I need to move to Nashville haha and all in one place ? Yes please.
Congrats to all winners tonight! We also hope you were able to taste our wines being poured at the event.
The only possible ethic is to do what one wants to do. -- William S. Burroughs
Giggles while , CEO Punch! Media demos new Punch! iPad app . Free and fun, cool interactive ad units.
KEEP US POSTED WITH UPCOMING DATES AND LOCATIONS AND too :)
cool so you have the cable box that has both west disney and east disney :)
go to sleep. anger should fade away.
the floor in my bathroom smells like urine.... how often are you supposed to clean the poop closet anyway?
Has anyone seen "Gainsbourg?". Recommend?
Haha! I don't use those emoji characters much because I feel bad for those who can't see them. :/
TGIF goals for today: finish PR plan, special events plan, and go for a run.... ready set go!
I'm about to send a message to your gmail concerning booking. Just giving you a heads up.
Just signed NDA's with UMD to share aquaculture technology and create a commercialization strategies
my mom just told me to put an easter basket out for the easter bunny........
Ask and our erstwhile #WMN producer about the Soup. Funny story.
Why r men scared of marriage?He say he love ne and want 2 marry me but there's always some excuse,so I can't wrong 4 movin on...
how was your visit to wisconsin? :)
You're gorgeous !
I think it's time to go to sleep ..I got to go make my money in the morning
#CHMG we working hard in the streets AngelGE
Thank you <3!
Not many girls can rock the pink like that... #nice *fabulous voice
Chick what's going on!! How is Sydney??
#SkiforSunshine this Friday ! 8 items of non-perishable food will get you a day lift pass for 9am to 4pm. New snow, great cause!
The skinny is my absolute fav! Hard to find now that they have newer styles like the gwenevere
fly safe! Any big super bowl plans?
RIP Dick Clark! You set the bar Sir!
MT : Bully pulpit matters more than usual on this. Presidential support could be a difference-maker on MD referendum, others.
Wushu reel footage in the can.
Tickets for Disney&#39;s Phineas and Ferb: The Best LIVE Tour Ever! On Sale May 1 in Worcester at The Hanover Theatre
got her twitter back!
I'm more of a Belgian beer girl - Allagash Curieux = heavenly nectar. Also infatuated with Lagunitas Bavarian Doppel.
Joni Brennan from Kantara describes Identity Consortium Ecosystem with governance buzzwords: scalable, flexible, clear, transparent
Wow bible you scary! talkin bout monsters.
That is freaky cool - inserting artificial objects seamlessly into historical/still photos. WILD. need URL to see the rest...
It would be great if you can get the KY Clay Co boys, that just got eliminated off the Amazing Race, on the show this week.
At the airport with plenty of time to spare!
First weekend in Sept. means everyone is moving... which means the best dumpster diving and curb alerts of the year!
You dogging the Bears vs Eagles almost as bad as dissing Ryno for Cubs job!!! Sorry, Kap!
Aww Shit! Got A New Smokers Anthem On My Hands. Going On The Mixtape! Also Bout To Stop Smoking After I Release This Tape. New Journey Ahead
I'm better, so much better now..✌
worst movie of all time...Max Payne. I should have known with a name like that and never agreed to go to that free showing.
Big ups to thank you for all your time and efforts in the industry
#iwonder what my prima will say
Q2. Maintain the balance between letting others know you are looking for a #job and seeming desperate.
I have work at 8 tomorrow morning. :/
Four principles of LOD, #1-Everything gets a name and we give them urls
"I stand by what I said, whatever it was." Seriously, Mitt Romney is an android built by aliens.
you have to come to CT!! youll love it
If vibratory exercise burns an extra 100-200 calories then I can expect to lose about 1lb per week sitting at my computer.
Catch Damon Millard @ open mic 8 o'clock tonight (Wed.) @ #Milwaukee Comedy Cafe, 615 E. Brady.
really looking forward to the tacos I'm having for dinner tonight. gotta make the kiwi-mango salsa and some rice.
hope yall havin a good evening
very nice!
Anybody got any great chicken recipes they want to share?
If only people listened and acted always on good advice.........
Go Giants, because I could never, as a Steelers fan, root for the Patriots.
The ESPN guys think it was Bruce Irvin at 15. Kendall Wright was another surprise.
I wish this for my kids but them being so young and being into girls and junk...how do us as a parent motivate them to move higher?
oh I gotcha. I wanna go there
Zeustek is hiring for pune office!!! Skills: Web Design-WEB 2.0, HTML, CSS, photoshop Desirable : PHP, Flash Email me :
U live & u learn
Scott, thanks for joining us!
A much needed change of space/place. Totally dig it.
Hey Sissy Have a happy and safe New Years!! Give dad and mom and Sabrina lots of kisses from me and the kiddos. We love u!
we are tomorrow at 5:30 and next tuesday at 6. both free. both full of delicious dance and brain food.
hick town? Bahaha pineapple pineapple papapa paradise! Xinger got the "goods" u asked 4... Lucky charms... :P
What's more troubling is that you don't know! Everything still in the fridge? RT : I may have just accidentally slept for 1 hr.
@ Thanks. Keep em coming.
Oklahoma's D looks tired
How are you?
Any time.
Sup Nut...how bout u @ me nigga lol jk
I'm so glad it bothers someone else as much as it bothers me lol
Thanks, Banks. :) You're one of our favorite artists!
hey! If I may ask, where are you?
Just ordered take out and the guy gave me 3 forks. I'm eating ALONE. Guess its time to cut down.
eeeep! I have a new kitten and shit, its cute AF
RT : Just had a great My Digital Life training with Rockingham County Schools
thanks, bro.
another mediocre QB?
That's annoying.
You could buy all the Burberry you want but you won't
Congrats to for winning Kalamazoo in singles and doubles. On to the US Open main draw!
Love you! Thanks for a great season. The stairway to #7 begins again next season. # Steelers!!!
Thanks again for stopping by, Nick! And a MILLION thanks for the immense talent of and !!!
Tuesdays just aren't my day
no but they're gonna match me the difference in price
sad to see yoga pants season end.
I haven't played yet but I got in fine this morning before leaving for work.
Everybody has me laughing this morning. My body is so weak 😂
Thanks so much! Glad you were able to make it for some of the conference!
Whiteboard, check. Post-its, check. Markers, check. It's Catalyst Café on Gamestorming, 3pm @ Main Library, in Children's Mtg Rm.
I'm going to raise the bar and set the Standard.
Good morning & Happy Monday!! People say this is a hard day - we know it's a GREAT day bcuz we are led by PMA & not what other people say!!
Movie nite sounds like a plan.......
Great time at #TEDxSD11 great minds, great people and great ideas! The world IS within our grasp...now do something to change it!!
If you have Facebook, don't forget to enter our drawing to win! We're giving away some great products!
man and you have the most beautiful soul. You're perfect for me, I can't wait to spend forever with you! <3 -Bootsie <3Rainbows<3P.L.U.R.<3
how do you respond to Android currently beating iOS in smartphone market share? Also, hasn't Apple TV been a flop (hobby) so far?
omg same:P
Team USA Ryder Cup
I wish I had a yoga mat in my office. Not so much for yoga as for napping.
Ooh awesome - I will check out.
