Is it bad that I'm imagining what Will and Cary will do in their "downtime" or time"off"?
RT : One day I'll cash out my loyalty and in turn karma will drop kick you in the face. And I'll laugh and laugh and laugh....
With many #brands RIP in '11 we're happy one of our favs returned. CLEAR speeds you thru airport & we love their friendly image
wat did i do
love it!! Brings back fond memories of when you first called my twitter handle.
Anyone out there looking for dance tracks? I'm looking for talented singers to do colabs! Inbox me
Regulars make the world go round.
first run after the #shamrockshuffle I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I can't believe has left me behind at the gas station once again! My traveling days with her are officially over :-(
That's true. They may have many personal + professional reasons to not be out, but if they're not out they can't be counted.
Yes! Let's hope Obamacare is repealed.
teach you how to Dougie? m you don't want that. I cuts rug!
Wishing the best! : Heading into office soon. Hoping for 2 more positive #pregnancy tests from 2 women struggling w
i would but he talkin bout paying.
10:30 tee time tomorrow. It's going to be a GREAT Friday! FORE!
": sorry I have a life"yea on my Nuts!!!!!
it adds absolutely nothing. I can think of maybe 5 films tops that use it or punk to decent effect.
Tryin to go straight n narrow ain't for me I want that quick fast money
Good girls bed at the knees, but bad girls bend at the waist [;
Great movie weekend! Midnight in Paris (Woody Allen) on Friday night. Very interesting! We Bought a Zoo last night. Wonderful!
Want something to do tomorrow night??? Go to the QBar for 50% food and drink specials and AMAZING MUSIC!!!! 6pm to close!
The hometown date show isn't as fun to tweet. Not much drama, and I kinda feel families are off-limits for too much snark.
UGH I wanted to go see that movie!! And you know Imma be working hard lol
Last second gift shopping a success!!
#Saramago, Cain. Cain/Saramago wanders through the harsh Old Testament, disputing God: "They continued to argue and are arguing still." RIP.
Great deals in our yellow coupon book, 'sclosethawaii, 15% off entire purchase of $50 or more, , two for1 smoothies.
": #WhatMeansTheWorldTo #Capricorn Fairness. We want to get back what we give out, otherwise we're disappointed."
RT : "It's easy to overthink things, sometimes it's best to just build, ship it & see how it works out" -
Even when I lose, I still win!
Just saw it. Fascinating. We need to catch up!
I'm so down
Actually, just looked at the weather for tomorrow...might have to make that
Oh make me come alive come one and turn me on
women are like flies, they're always on shit or sugar
I want some no homo lol
Ellen. I am here at Limmud. Hopefully I will see you or get to one of your sessions.
Not my brightest idea..but then again when do i have any bright ideas... Hahahaha
*** Character Artist *** UK This studio needs experienced character artists. If you are looking for a change, a better environment, more pr…
Wait, really?I think Chrome is way prettier than Safari! I think the tabs are more elegant in Chrome and there's no search box
you're my kryptoniiiiiiiiiite
Thanks for making it possible with your sponsorship! RT : Looking forward to a great boat cruise this Friday with
WWYD if tweeted you?? id die of happiness <3 cept its not gunna happen! :(
If you or someone you know sells telecom services & would like to benefit from 100% profit from those services.. call us on: 0844 880 2010
This just cut me lolol! RT : If you text me && I take forever to text back it's cause im on twitter ??
im so happy. its such a nice day today
you live in hawaii
Ahh love sleeping late!
*tugs at collar* Um, per its self-incrimination clause, I would like to invoke my Fifth Amendment rights…
I'm halfway through Friday Night Lights season 1. Should I watch the movie before I get any further?
heck ya...
why do people feel the need to read all the tweets about shows and stuff? ;)
Shoutout to Austin's build a bear >>> (:
Still have faith in #NYR for this game
well..if you can handle it. (p.s. If you get on, punch a bitch for me : )
it'll be great if the house doesn't act coz Obama is just doing fine without it.
and if Syracuse wins?
If you want something, go get it. Don't let anyone convince you that it's impossible. Make the impossible possible
Our neighbors rock, they went fishing for salmon in Newport, and we're having salmon caught this morning for diner tonight,
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you give warm hugs !
WHY is ELF on #Syfy right now? Santa Clause is NOT fiction! Nor is this even close to a SCI-FI movie! This dumb channel just doesn't get it!
Thanks so much for coming in tonight, Ms. Jones!
Congrats to the 11 years being married! Its great to see yall still crazy in love. Love yall and blessing to the both of u
The Big Lebowski Juniors T-Shirt – The Dude Is My Boyfriend White
As bad as it sounds I love Mondays lol
Presidential Candidates Promise Simpler Tax Code. Do You Believe Them? Keep up with the laws as soon as they are passed or phased in....
I do say last night was pretty harsh basketball games
I think when someone changes their relationship status more than 5 times in one year it should default to "unstable"
Turn to National Geographic channel now! Deep analysis what to do if aliens or robots attack. This is HEAVY
One of the more positive articles I have read of yours lately.
Programmers tools FTW! I'd have chosen a different editor, but at least I've not had to deal with Notepad on my platform.
If you are ever in need of American Indian stock photos or video then let me do the research. It's free.
I understand. Twitter bro hug?
You would never believe how hard it is to find photos of presidents in jeans. See also: what has my job come to...
you aint about that life
Had so much fun today!
Who you are is not where you've been, your still an innocent.
yeah, a lot of Bostonians are turning on him. It's just a matter of time.
Brighten your day. Come check-in on Facebook at Fife Flowers and Gifts for your free rose!
IT'Z TYME 2 SLAB ON ANOTHER TRACK I'LL GET BACK AT YA WORLD WHEN I'M THREW BALL'N TILL NEXT TYME ALL DA HATRZ CAN SUC A DOGZ DIC N DIE......
Im weird
Please send Direct Message If interested,Looking for Players in Denver area for Fantasy Basketball.Fee is $50 with prizes up to $500.
RT if you love playing guitar!
you should be proud, most girls would kill for a boyfriend like you.
UTAH's female prison group photo...
I blew kissy faces at you lmao
LMFAO at "BREAST wishes!" Love you!
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you. ~ Maori Proverb
Someday somebodys gonna wana make you turn around and say goodbye. Until then baby, are you gonna let them hold you down & make u 😢?
Did you get the new IPad 3 this weekend??
ill be your bird if you will be my bold fella.
Sometimes we look for love in all the wrong places. When we can't find it here, we look there as if it would be, but we know it's not there.
charlie has some trouble with math.
Looking 4 human capital consultants 2 join team Fed competency mgmt exp is +. Lots of great projects! DM me
Daniel Tosh is a funny mo' fo'
Maybe by the 20th season of "Teen Mom"...these ladies will have their sh*t together.
I know I saw that on Facebook. Has she come down yet?
I fuckin hate school.
Is anyone using ? Look me up!
Hi , thanks for catching my typo! Have a great day!
someday.. i promise! it'll happen :)
who will she bitch at and humiliate now that he's gone? are the kids next?!
Happy Earth Day!
I'm at giovannis this place has somegood pizza:)
good to see you as well love!
Thank you for the reminder.
God does not call us to be successful, He calls us to be obedient...
Love doesn't make the world go round, love is what makes the ride worthwhile. ~Elizabeth Browning
alright can i do it tomorrow cause i need to rest
Okay, here is my huge sign to success.... !!!!!
aight cool sounds like a better pick then yesterdays
who's the chick in your avi?? She's hot :)
Didn't see any hail but definitely a downpour! It has since abated.
Practice was okay. New picture comments? Texts are welcome.
It's freezing in FL i can't really enjoy anything! I like coco's dress
First day of work was great...no its time to study
Ugh, I should've been in bed HOURS ago. I really need to take better care of myself. Especially with a growing little girl, haha.
#RETWEET NO MORE FINALS COME OUT AND PARTY AT ULTRABAR HIT MY PHONE TO RSVP 202-200-7627
#ReasonsWeCantBeTogether You're Not My Jenna ;)
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 77
WHERE'S THE TREE?!
Everybody's worried about stopping terrorism. Well, there's a really easy way; stop participating in it.-Noam Chomsky
Tomorrow, maybe?
You'll recognize one when you see it.... #MIKELPATRIK originals!
We got sushi from Banzai and it was pretty damn good. I thank you for inspiring my dinner choice.
I'm so freaking irritated man. OMG......
Ha, I didn't even realize that. Must be the magic of the interwebs. :)
it's great having you here!!
need some idears for a job
OH: "I said you were the Morgan Freeman of New Media" regarding speaking voices
in tha booth shout to all in my area makin moves cville a problem
hey have a wonderful Saturday 😜🎶🎉be safe 👍
where are you??
4 more days until the Schubas stage rocks out with , , and The Bright White. It will be a night to remember.
Any tracks you recommend playing around Glendale?
i dont wanna play your gay little army games Josh..
What you weigh
Video Review - Prototype 2: Tom Mc Shea savagely slaughters his way through this video review for Prototype 2. ...
The Social Media Breakfast Madison team:
Finding from study: homepage should tell me who you are, not give me a bunch of news & info
you know what I mean! Lol 🇬🇧
Possibility just did the creepiest thing I've ever done...
y'all some wild ones. Lol.
GoodMorning Afternoon Whatever LOL!! ND it's Coo How Ya Day goin so Far?
Sidewalk advertising?
hm....snow on saturday!! And it's still October ??
Wanna Hear A Joke ? , Your Boyfriend . !
Litchfield Public Utilities to offer lighting rebates - Litchfield Independent Review Litchfield Public Utilities to offer lighting rebat
NEMO'S DAD: "Don't touch the boat!" NEMO: "YOLO."
Had dinner plans at town square but that's ruined. Thanks Obama. Firefly it is.
So I finally caved and am on the twitter...am I interesting enough to keep this up?
FOREX-Euro rallies vs US dollar on data, risk appetite
nice!! Have fun!!
can you please have a great and mee right here in Orlando or miame Florida. I'm not aloud to fligh out of are state right now
That should've been rain in Spain
Today in coconut water news: is a convert -- she's nuts for the drink. Are you next, ?
merry christmas x-mas ?
If you got a problem, take it up with my ass its the only thing that gives a shit
's video for #BAR will premiere Friday on 's Big New Music Weekend! Lots of cameos from Get excited!
You've got to be thin, hot, fertile and breastfeeding for years.
These Refs high
Girl you gonna get tweeting again?
What potential ideas have you come up with so far?
it will(:
that sounds phenomenal 😍lets all meet up later !
Be yourself! We dont need more of what we have!
Flying SW from BWI to STL tomorrow and starting to ask, "WHAT KIND OF PLANE?"
no problem if I didn't offer what kind of friend would I be
"Is that your real hair?" really tho -_- Its like black ppl can't have naturally long hair
I sent over some thoughts via email and we are willing to provide some support.
hey it could be worse, atleast you no longer have an owner who drafts solely on 40 times lol
I suck at basketball
your fat
Google SavageShaine and support your artist
": Is it lame that I'm STILL smiling from that 93% on my math midterm? Even if it is idc I worked & studied HARD I deserve this A
I grab you a Large Ray Rice Jersey lol
where at?
Well, after I solve the problem they're explaining. If I don't get the answer right I go back to paying attention.
well I like cheeseburgers (;
no prob bro, thanks for the support.
Thanks for the RT and spreading the news on Early Childhood!
Single's Safari is always fun! You should come all you can eat & drink for $35 plus it's good people watching ;)
dino-be careful how you talk to "The Plastic".
Thx for sharing the news!
I suspect I'm going to have to learn SAS. Hmm...
ife is half spent prior to we know what it is.
haha! I need to learn German b/c is 1/16th Belgian...haha!
Hey Now!!!! Seeking a solid coder with PS3 dev experience who wants to work at a A studio in Boston. Hit me up if you're interested - JEl…
you did... and i noticed it a few minutes ago
: makes the connection we're all thinking of: the L Word's chart as academic network of queer thank-yous
Girls put up with a lot of shit from us guys.
I really fucking hate you :-)
Open: A Separation, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, Live Nude Girls Unite-March 7,6:30, tix $10, Cont:Pina,Pariah,The Descendents,The Artist
It's decided...I'm going to cover "Mistletoe" by Justin Bieber next! Can't wait to show you guys my version of it<3
yes sd....still lol
Plow came through 4 times in a row. Neighbor was blowing and had to redo each time.
YEEE no school for me!
Happy Hump Day ! (;
is it too early for a drink?
Nice dunk guy from Siena!!!
LOL! Everybody thinks we're twins!
Lord God, please help the alarm not to go off again
It's hilarious when a guy is obviously using a girl, but the girl is too stupid to realize that and thinks the guy actually likes her 😂
welcome! If I end up goin to breadco,what do you want?ill prob change my mind 10x before I get food..
Tanning feels so good!
Only those who have the passion for playing can truly succeed as game testers
I See my #Grizzlies let's go hustle
lol dont be jealous just cuz your awesome and im amazing. you'll have your time someday shawwwwnnna lmao
A bit delayed but really, really hoping Northwestern breaks their NCAA tourney drought
I miss you too! And she's doing good. She had surgery this morning and it went well. She might get to come home saturday!
Not yet! Hoping she hangs on a while longer as she is still a wee little one. Due date May 29!
lol that was to cute
Thank you, what would be in your opinion, the best translation?
#Thingsthatgetmeupset When my company makes 4billion in profits but theres 5 people at work in forclosure.
the amazing thing about Steve Jobs wasn't just that he was honest, he was also right.
usually a pornstar
in my 28 yrs of GOP activism, I have never been prouder, than to stand for Liberty, with #ronpaul Republicans
Will You Go Out With Me ? Retweet Yes Or Reply No
i love austin mahome
how's the snow? I'm heading there Friday and it's so warm.
Rain and snow??? I could of sworn the weather guy said just scattered showers! They are always 80% wrong.. I should of been prepared. Bo
with your god ma! How you doin? We miss ya!
Gotta admit, that's kind of rad. RT: . covering Fight For Your Right.
Love bloomed like a flower...then the petals fell.
At least I'm not alone. Now how do we fix it? RT : yup. #Netflix is down.
blue and I don't know what other color! But the spacers hurt like crap! I fill like taking them out!!
i dont agree with this.....at all.lol
What do you think of a Top-40 station I would run... called KERR-FM?
L0L!!! I am awesome. Those Hooligans and Ice Holes won't ever know what hit em.
Got a B on my psych final!
Life is not life at all without God in it.
We had lean for lunch :)
A man never likes you so well as when he leaves your company liking himself.
You only live once, so fuck it up right.
slacking on my following back! sorry twitter i still love ya :) busy weekend ahead of me! & may is gunna be crazy! so much to do!
and this is beautiful!
Haha! I didn't even think about that. Fine with me. Great album cover...and great album.
I think it might. But part of me wonders if it isn't sortof true? I'm agnostic about religion, except for libraries.
Q: Are there examples of successful Postsecondary efforts? How do we address the concerns of independent schools and colleges?
Backpacking and real estate business — the Ayala way - Rappler
Check out 's post about the The “Ready, Set, Grow!” program run by
Parade was fun with
100 Dollars? That's all it take? Let's go have some fun
thanks, have a great time in Vegas
If money only thing that motivates you, you already lost.
DONE :D
: no it's okay, i don't wanna disturb/distract you.! :P ahaha & no youre writing that paper. & mee too.! =)
Vibin and working out while in my homeschooled classes. I don't got p.e. so im giving myself a class for it XD
Leadership is action, not position. ~Donald H. McGannon
I wonder if I ever come across your mind every once in a while, like how you do in mine.
“: Finally in Houston home sweet home :)” did you bring me a hot puerto rican from new York?! Lol jk ;D
"Current city 311 system is a road to nowhere," says caller to our Town Hall, regarding vacants. Call 1-888-886-6603, ext.17188# to listen
really hoping I get that call now
David Deming of Harvard up now to talk about outcomes.
“Better to sleep with a sober cannibal than a drunk Christian.” ― Herman Melville
I'm on a panel talking about urban agriculture for the April 19th Urban Land Insitute lunch. I hope my lovely assistant will be with me!
nothing just bored :/
I got the chance to point someone at a Google eBook as part of my job. I like my job.
lolol drunkassss, where are u always flying though??
thanks hun hope u been gud dont be a stranger
Ugh, I can't sleep. & ofc, my boyfriends sound asleep.
Super Talented & will be - listen & learn from them! #scriptchat (I'll be there 2 - more later)
Who's coming to with us? Oh and did we mention Kin Valley is giving away a Kindle Fire. 10 questions to win it.
Definately, maybe, quite probably, in like:)
ITS NOT WHERE HE AT, ITS WHERE HE WANA BEE.!! HAA
Bitches got starin problems.
Robin hits a smash DOWN THE LINE IN LEFT! Moore scores, Gantner scores, and it's 7-4. Who knows?
Basement rooms>>>>
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice | Wayne Dyer
#spanishTrailsProblems the mazzarati has a smudge on it
Thought is action in rehearsal. –Sigmund Freud
"she was super granola"
dem nah go go bun him a dat dem like ....tight hole....lol
Over half of men spend more than $50 on a date, while 65% of women spend that much prepping for it. Appreciate each other's efforts.
cold be... but depends on why they are under performing.
i grew up with soldiers. i learned how to die a long time ago
They want me to beware . You're dangerous but I don't care .
So the trojan horse might be the increasing standardization of postdocs?
Crusher Sound System, Sean Watson & Dumperfoo's Birthday party @ Cheap Thrills. may wanna stay home if you don't want to be sore tomorrow.
Getting the hang of this whole twitter thing and enjoying the whole connectedness of it all as well as discovering new museum related things
Beetle&#39;s Kitchen Escapades: Breakfast Bars by Nigella Lawson
u mad? Stay mad
I love where a day can end up... As in randomly on the radio. Thanks and ! Playing the epicurean in p'ville @ 9
I can't wait until the big comic book con this weekend.
NM Jazz Workshop Under the Stars. 6/11 @ 7pm @ the art museum. Humoso and Doug Lawrence. Going to be a great show!
GAME ON! Season opener for the Missouri Mavericks starts right now. Good luck boys!!!!! Who is ready for some #HOCKEY?!
FOLLOW -> she follows back!
Stuntin on my old hoes stylin on my haters !
Ms. G gave me some takis & I got Gatorade in that young backpack!
I guess dads are in.
Can't Sleep >.<
Babies are born without kneecaps, they appear between 2 and 6 years old. So if you plan to steal from the mafia, get a child to do it!
me...so fun
I wont stop until im where i wanna be and need to be. With me or against me.
Does the far-left suggest by not support'g a DEM president, they will see progressive policies from a GOP WIN? Stop whining
Our hats off to William and Kate. We hope they enjoyed their wedding cake!
If you could help spread word about our upcoming events that would be great. We'll be sharing them starting next week. Thanks!
where is that?
I'm sorry._.
Hornover: what one wakes up with the morning after a night of getting too horny without release.
ENCORE! ANOTHER HOUR! MAKE IT TWO!
Serving with some amazing people from at bethel house. God is good!
Senior prank and last chapel today at Casady! Seeeeeeya
Absolutely amazing job on GH this week. Wow!
Atleast its almost summer?
Girl u kno I I I...girl u kno I I I
no worries. I'll definantly check her out. Got a song to recommend to get me started?
Where do you??(Not to be a creeper lol) It looks really pretty!
Wayne already has his loyal fans. He could care less what you say about him.
Chael wins! Now just 1 step from replacing his fake belt w/a real one. Amazing he has the energy to stay in character for his intv via
I know! I'm here! The Protein Breakfast is the bomb!!!
Have a Smoked Salmon and bagel Breakfast @ Firehook Bakery!
Remember all day today, free groung shipping on all Continental US orders. No minimum. Use code UNCLESAM11
What's up with this pacers game!
Thanks for stopping in! RT Love that place had the buzz this morning!
Religious girls are funny
Who needs abs when they deliver chinese food to your house?
"If ya don't know, now ya know."
no your mom jokes today since susan's mom is in the house
Midnight pad run for the wife
Insert your favorite gay joke - lights out in San Francisco with 124 men in spandex...
the front door may be closed, but my back door is always open. ;)
Hey Trisha I'm good wbu
But honestly I can't respect either band very much because they're both comprised of horny teenagers.
Did you guys ever decide who to give the free tickets to on the facebook/twitter testimonial giveaway?
RT : In 1st year of SIG grants, 1 in 5 schools saw double digit increases in reading proficiency, says
Aah I miss you !
What a week, amazing week!
When u make up ur own words to a song cause u don't kno the real onez...
really? you're polluting my tweetdeck! I can't open it anyway---access denied!
Another incredibly kewl day ... Looking as if it will be anotha all nighter ...
Men take care of their famiy while boys seek attention and approval from others. Which one are you?
Playing the song "snap backs back" tyag ft chris brown. Anber said is that tiger and I laughed and said no its tyga though lmao !
4. I like big butts
Aw, miss you too sweetie. You gotta come out and see the new house. I live a half mile from Rivertowne.
I just had to say it! Catch me when I look the baddest man THEY FUCKIN HATE IT
hungry hippos.....just when you thought it was safe to go in the water......
I never knew it was that deep/serious, that these chicks wanna wish death on me ! Haha 
oh man that is so cool!
Sounds good, message me on FB when you are here.
Man, that joke was
cute, love the scarf
Ryan Tannenhill's girlfriend
Blah Blahh Blah!
RT : Verizon cuts wait on exclusive handsets for small cos. but will it make a difference? Interesting reader comments. http:/ ...
Need to take a walk. Maybe I will get lucky and a bus hits me. :( gotta go
make that happen!
I know its crazy. We had planned to interview today but the whole site is down for a few hours.
Respectfully disagree, Marvin Gaye's rendition at NBA all star game was the best of all time. But Whitney is in the top 3. RIP WH!
": lol, I'm ready bro lol"yea so we will talk
how on earth can you cancel GCB? why don't you give them a better time slot? Like where desperate housewives was?
Sounds good to me!
Thanks for the follow :)
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 16
some guys just dont know when to give up
hey, i like your icon:)
I've uploaded my version of "The Figure Study" to hassynyc.com #hassynyc I enjoyed creating this piece
I'm trying to hold on, but you keep making it harder.....
I'm still here!!! I fell out of the tweet mode thanks to Facebook! Yes I can...Yes I can...Yes I can. Hope everyone is happy.
what up!
Ha..he text and said why we stoped talking..I don't know you tell me.
RT I love and we will follow you!!
The only boy i know in high school with shit as his dreads gtfoh lmao
Don't touch me there, that is, my no no square :3
oh yea! Yaaay I'm excited =D
I got lots of black girl booty to share.
Eating some wonderful orange chicken
You're welcome! It's going to be GREAT!!! RT Another amazing #impasse backer... ! THANK YOU! xoxoxo
scennic bike ride to the country waterfotd, not quite
Damn you Aaron and your shoe porn
NABEF Webinar: On-Air Talent and Programmers – Promote Yourself Inside and Outside of Your Current Company! Oct. 5 at 2pm. Just $9.99.
is such a great actress... I LOVE A,N.T FARM!!! will you please follow me <3
Enough of these dumbass questions of "When does Mayweather-Ortiz hit the ring?" questions. How the eff are we supposed to know?
I will be hosting the Organically Funny comedy show on Thursday, May 17 at 10pm. Be there--or well....be a square.
the legal profession ought not to be so anachronistic, but it often is
I can't deal with it being so cold..
Its okay, i'm a #POWERBOTTOM!!!
Ugh class
Heartbreak is a trend these days. I couldn't care less; I've never been that trendy anyway.
Oh my gosh I soo agree on that one!
Alright well sorry. But you are kinda a Packer hater.
Having an executive committee meeting to discuss bringing on some paid help to keep the wheels greased. More info soon.
HAHAA! I love you guys!
Where did you get it? Savor?
well I don't work out yet. Im waiting till i have too! But I do have birthdays and presents are always a plus!
Good morning!!! Have a good day!!!
are you on break
Taking a break from job searching getting ready for #FameCandy event....
Can a long time time fan of yours get a hello from you. Thanks a lot man.
I report and tweet to torment you char
Thank you to 6abc Action News for the coverage yesterday evening!
I Dont Wana Seem Harsh But . . I Really Dont Care .
Rm335: Making students find full length films on their own=teaching them to fish
no I haven't
As thanks to readers for naming us Best Late Night Dining destination, we're offering HH food prices from 11-1am all this week!
Insomnia is a harsh mistress. 😲 So tired this morning.
its best if you keep your grindr and your facebook profile pictures the same. Makes it easier for your stalkers to find you
sweden ;) and watching movie ;D
Merry Christmas!
Thank you! We will look into you guys!
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 LoveYouNiall
That's right now, but I'm planning on dranking a little bit & vibing to some flocka in a couple hours. Where we pregaming?
I thought a flash drive was when you drove by someone and showed them your dick
my principal this year (not on twitter yet:/) has started that and it makes a heck of a difference!
Full body massage time:)
If You're Going To Have Doubts, I Encourage You To Doubt 1 Thing....."Doubt Your Limits!!"
If my twitter is sending y'all that wack a** messages about spreading rumors or whatever do me a favor n ignore it. My twitter trippin smh.
Today is the last day for our Online Fundraising Challenge. Did you know that donations to the March of Dimes are tax deductible ?
For those of you who are following the 7-book Oracle series, the cover for book 2 is finished and ready! Would anyone like to see a sneak …
Dose anyone need someone to follow then cause I will And I even need more followers
Phil 911 -- Help! He's Having a Heart Attack!Jennifer Hudson Hospitalized for Food Poisoning
I wonder if I can actually have a conversation with you not just a reply to my tweet deal?? Hm. ;D Hey how are you? Pie x
I found a dollar under my bed. lol I feel rich. (;
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 50
its gotta be killin you too shawn. Its messed and funny at thhe same time.
hey I can't DM now but I'll DM you later
We'll win 3 & 4 @ the sea of red then figure out the spurs on the road 2 x's lol
You gotta listen to the words! It's FU Rockytop!
you should mention me. I need more follows. xD
Great service. Thanks fir the follow
hi yikes!!
Seems like all political analysts, commentators, & spokesmen start responses to questions with "Look, ..". Does it seem condescending 2 u?
Clemson only a consideration if FSU's big boyfriend comes back from the bathroom to sit at the bar.
Shout out to !! Go show him some love!:)
When your parents make your favorite for dinner but you can't swallow
People Are STILL Talking About Missoni For Target via
RT NP: my fav song in the world GOIN CRAZY by natalie --> Follow
what treatment would you recommend for dry winter skin? With the warm weather starting we want to leave winter behind!
i hope you been practicing lol
man, I don't know what you are talking about now...
can u follow me plz
FUCK Feds FUCK WHY DO U TAKE THAT PENALTY
no no no. I'm a smartass. SMARTass
Good ole Michael Caine.
we need team jerseys. see you tonight!
I believe the after lunch at work we should get a 30min nap time!
slave in heaven, or a star in hell
Hey I like range rovers too!
Another great event @ Chateau Ste. Michelle - fabulous scholar stories!!
and his product will be all glittery with scantily clad women...
Agreed! RT : Ugh. Reading that racist stuff about Rue makes me wanna cry.
Massage therapy has become a staple of many professional athletes' training regimens
I'm so over school. 
Yours was contrsuctive excess. No mention or pics of food or comments about the fat guy sitting next to you on airplane.
I stumbled across your blog and left a comment on there. Good stuff.
bought my Dallas ticket! 6 months in advance :D can't wait to see u guys! i shall camp out with other killjoys and eat power pup
The great Whitney Houston died today and all you can do is bitch about Nickelodeon?
Dear Zune, just because I picked Evanescence doesn't mean you should play the *one* Nicklecrack song. I've no idea why it's on my phone!
Practice photos from 5/24 going up now www.metrowestcolonials.com
RT : Fun dinner with clients! Great #socialmedia convo with , the rising PR superstar :)
the cold autumn drizzle makes me insanely happy
A girl who buys me food and gives a gnarly blowjob is
not alone Trogdorrrrrrr
in Vegas?
Where have you seen effective team work in action?
what Twitter tool do you use to tell exactly you left you?
This gorgeous sunset is rockin my nuts off ... hahahaha
How do you use technology to express your Jewishness?
LE FAINTS. GAAAAAAH I LOVE YOU TOO BOO BEAR!! <33333 :)
Brain: "I hate you" .. Heart: "I love you"
Sixers would be way ahead if they could make their free throws and would stop missing the bunnies inside
chillin on it mane tryna get it back goin again... u been good?
A poverty of compassion allows the untapped potential of our youth to rot away in detention centers & prisons. via
So ready to move to ATL next month
It annoys how dudes dog u after yall breakup wats the point u stfu cuz once upon a time i was everything u needed
or mabel vernon for that matter. why didn't i see you over break girlfriend?
Ahh congratulations for becoming my first follower. I can now rest easy.
wow-2011 is almost over!
We just finished a lovely dinner with the Morse College Master at the famous Mory's. Delicious, and great company!
$17m/yr not too shabby. Also, actually like that and tabbed to host one Friday night game per season.
Am I the only person who doesn't know what instagram is?
my living room lol, u wont be down to dancee thoee :p
You liked it don't lie.
Happy Mother's Day to Daenerys Targaryen, Calisi, Mother of Dragons
I figured that our a while ago. I was the youngest so my siblings have hated me a LONG time. It's a family tradition.
my mom busts out laughing and says my 5 year old sister is planking on the kitchen floor
When are you coming to florida?? I LOVE YOU! Your my idol! I got people to buy #alltherage :D i listen to it everyday. Its addicting lol
They invented hugs to let people know you love them without saying anything. - Bil Keane
where ru?
Kennedy re: lack of mental health providers. Rural areas are short on them. People get help every few months instead of few days
Foursquare emailed everyone saying I went shopping at Marshalls! Like I'd ever!
and I discussed needing a "no reply needed" flag instead of "important" :)
That's BS. You're fricking ah-mazing! You should be gaining followers, not losing them!
I guess sleep is my only option. As I prepare for another depressing day.
hell yes! Love my girls <333333
Running out of patience .....
keep me and in the loop por favor :)
YEAH KNICKS ALL DAY
Its wonderful to fight falling asleep because laying in your arms feels so great that I dont want to miss a moment of it. :-):-)
It is, thanks man. Hope all's well with you. :)
a relationship doesnt work out unless there are fights. because if you fight and get through them, then you guys are meant for eachother<3
: Swag up! #DJsforObama < Image is everything!
"I closed 5 out of the 11 open Catering contracts on my desk this week ! Go Team Platinum ! at Platinum Creations Catering & Events"
The Puritans can't stand the thought of two men together. Which is ironic considering they've already got a stick up their rear
thanks for the mention!
good! Hurry we miss you.
All for it, whatever it is!
Thursday nights this fall are gonna rock. followed by and then :)
We're hiring! Follow for all the latest info.
I feel you, my son is 5 going on 18! And my daughter is 3 and she tells me I'm not her best friend anymore everyday:)
i cant wait till my mom gets home from work tonight and sees the letter i left her on the fridge ! <3 #HappyMothersDay <3(:
RT : if i could transport myself I'd go find my undergrad library too -- is pretty awesome place
If you were my lunch, you would be under the false impression that you are on reprieve from being devoured. No,no... just a small oversight!
What areas are you looking at?
If she don't shut it up then its #TeamShutItDown :)
try being a girl. It's like fucking acid
Britney and Demi look amazing!!! ♥
#nowplaying & Whiskey's Gone
Communication is key!
I love how I pick clothes in the morning! Oh that's clean. Put it on!
annie just hit a car with her shoe and some man was in it
All American Combo Saturday Special at Acme! Add some tasty Mac N Cheese & Creamy Cole Slaw! South of 161 off Cleveland Ave.
Congratulations Thanks to all the contestants for making this season of #TheVoice really great. Can't wait for the next one.
should i even ask about this mysterious alcohol related injury?
Mayweather is the best ever!!:)
Hello ppl ;) Let's talk bc im really really bored..: P
; ) I'm wrangling today. enjoy the sun!
it's a mystery about a mystery within a mystery :)
I wish would tell us where Peyton Manning will play next season. Getting tired of hearing and reading stories about him.
Monday morning, do you know where your Hospitality Consultant is? Hard at work on your website, your branding, your beverage list and menus!
Watching a documentary called HARLAN COUNTY U.S.A. to get some more info about some real-life incidents featured on "Justified."
Going through Tony Robbins Ultimate Edge Program. Have you completed any self-improvement programs that you would recommend?
Share with me, what questions do you have about Twitter?
I had u-verse when I lived in Tosa. Never ever had problems. I unfortunately have TWC now, but want to switch when it's available
Jamming to A Loss For Words.~
Maybe you should coach up then. And we aren't paying you.
yeah I bet! Hopefully no brawls in the stands! When we were in Philly for a Sox game I chickened out and didn't wear all my stuff
ur rite lol, its still funny though
According to spox no change in #WalkerFailure on right to work. So, one answer for billionaires & different one for the rest of us?
hope you honestly didn't think yall would win could've at least shown up, & your coach is soo cocky it's dumb.
good moving advice! RT : If you hire movers, get several quotes, and then confirm a moving date.
Omg... the whole time I was walking through Time Square I was humming the Law & Order theme song... just in case. (dun dun)
I seriously will pay somebody $20 to massage me and scratch my back for an hour tonight
I Think has been abducted by aliens or he is on a social fast...
SOME PEOPLE BE ACTIN TO SENSITIVE
Michelle please retweet my toilet idea I really did dream it one night and was on the shark tank rofl!
Life is all about the camera and the action! Because every where u go or your at people are watching u like if your a star!
Do you know...your reason is God, your virtue is God and nothing but your liberty can you call securely and absolutely your own?
“: #MentionTo your tallest friend.”
My YA/crossover zombie novel w/ , DEVIL'S WAKE, comes out in July! Follow for updates & cool survival tips.
Oh twitter I'm back... I know you've missed me...
My life is effing priceless, its been a while TWITTER DONE!
If being lost, dragging my luggage through Harlem after 10pm was on my "to do" list, I can check that one off.
Damn well that's whats up lol,I would of handled it differently thenUguys if someone hit my sis,but yeah broIhateWOMENbeaters!
Thanks Damian! :D
I want to win the arcade #AuctionHunters -
School bus drivers are very educated because they technically "go to school" everyday #deepthought 🚌📝🍎
Missed #WheresChorizo , no way I'm getting up at 4:30.....
Did you receive my email? I have a motivated seller and he is looking for a quick close. 'MovingCompany.com
The first, a valid assumption. The second...notsomuch, haha.
my gut says smith too. Just hope he holds up. One score and 40 yards...not asking a lot
I appreciate your vague tweets! Can't wait to watch before bed.
4 % ruin it for everyone
whelp... i finally gave in and got an iPhone!
SB198 passed committee 5-4 and goes to appropriations due to large fiscal.
preaches child abuse.
Sherlock is awesome! Was able to meet some of the behind the scenes folks for it while in Cardiff.
. Areed! Mitt using auditory terrorism
Fuck that store.
thank you! RT: “: Done! By the way, love that you remixed 're awesome.”
This sox game is terribly detrimental for my history test tomorrow.
Listening to Skrillex "first of the year" SO sick!
just saw previews for next week's glee and they sing "what makes you beautiful" -- you must be dying right now!! Lol
You're about to be in the hot seat if these service interruptions dont stop
Mourdock, Fischer...but the Tea Party is Dead! Go !
They were very popular at #SOBCon. RT : The lego people are in high demand. Think they will be on tour soon!
CRASH: I-5 northbound @ Macadam, on right shoulder. I-5 northbound commute extremely heavy!
$2!!! Support your local eateries! $25 gift certs for $2. Nationwide. DM me for details or find it here www.majkltravel.net shopYTB link
lmao oh my
Who has never tasted what is bitter does not know what is sweet. -German proverb
I used Shazam to discover Happy Up Here by Röyksopp
Um...... I was talking about the cook..... Awkward...
Listening to Monica sing a new song
wishes Mr. Miyagi had trained me.
YIKES! RT : The Carl’s Jr. Dbl $6 Burger is nutritionally one of the worst fast food choices - over 1500 calories and 100 g of fat
My mother is pissed and i need to find all my crap for dr kinsman and do sum cuz shes gonna tlk to her
Had an amazing time at the #otisrolley for Mayor Fundraiser last night! Check in later for pictures!
I was hesitant to buy, but after diving in more, best $90 spent in a long time :)
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.
Just typed 7 pages, and coffee was not involved. This is monumental.
I miss you more ! :( a couple more weeks!!!
yes we are!
Someone please tell #DavidGregory that lapels should be less narrow than your shoulders.
Nice song man ! Check my site out if you ever need beats .
Fabulous of course! :)
a photo please!
Congrats to , who will be playing at clinic, and to , who will be attending the luncheon!
This time won't you save me!
Follow me is yu want to be my #1followers High as fuckk
I'm back
I'm leaving on Sunday!
it's like watching #mubb, just one big heart attack....
My cat keeps biting me :(
give her the pimp hand! Lmao
I am Mrs.Malik:)
#AsAKid I was a romantic, #AsAnAdult, I'm logical.
guy has a great last name
Also, let's use the #Frashour tag when talking about him. Cause this NEEDS to be talked about. And acted on.
you were def with me!
If u people follow me u will get like 300 new followers due it now
It's Disability History Week! This week, we're counting down the top 10 events in disability history. Which events stick out in your mind?
Is it me or are all girls starting to look the same??? At least 80%
I'm sad now lol :( Ight I wait for it tomorrow lol :P
SHow tonight at Lorelei 8:00pm MM 82 Florida Keys. Gonna be a HOT NIGHT! Time to sweat.
#100thingsilove 78; when people play with my hair
I watched #richierich today too, one of my favorites when I was a kid
'he's not a boy- she's a girl' 'no- he's a man': mom correcting her little girl observing that although I have long hair- I have a big beard
Marlins winning tonight again until now!!!!
I'm gonna hit u when u come home
Bernard Cote (canada), Sheray Thomas (canada), Shaghari Alleyne (Saturn)
Awesome day so far! :D
thanks to all our new followers! get ready for awesomeness...the IWITOT site launch is so close!!
It's 3 degrees, but feels like -16- ouch! Stay warm out there!
What do you mean by a "channel shift policy"?
Trying to think of a better/funnier LinkedIn headline. Really liked "Digital Overlord," but it's just not me. Hm.
So true. RT It takes teamwork. Mistakes happen, esp when rushed. Headers, cert pgs, etc. Catch so many in production b4 they go out
follow me??!
RT: First Watch is NOW OPEN in Indianapolis at the Keystone Crossing Shoppes (across from the fashion mall).
Haters are what make you famous!!!
thank you for following, I'm new so it means a lot <3
- you as well! Please pass our resources on to fellow educators!
Jst finished having a meeting regarding our next steps for “The Harvest Coalition”.
bribery gets you something amazing things ;) In our case... T-shirts
Am I a negative person?
seriously? I want to hear it x)
Tomorrow night is the night of ALL nights!! will be at HOSTED by SOUNDS by: &
Marcus Kruger is having himself a nice tournament so far for Sweden. In 4 games he has 2 Gs, 4pts & is a +3.
tI like that I'm getting more followers on #pinterest than I have in the last year on #twitter... i like being appreciated for my taste :)
yes it does but isn't it true.... A man carved it on granite so close up it does. Lol.
Gettin ready to go run with Emma. 5 miles tonight. Should be fun :)
Outbid for leather harness at the Gay Men's Chorus fundraiser; looks like same-old, same-old tonight.
just what the doctor ordered!
that's because the NY times sucks and you don't. Keep 'em going. Cheers!
If you live in the Milwaukee area & need new replacement windows put on your home, we are the one & only choice for your home.
You do indeed!
Holy Crap! You guys, SEVEN PM. 7PM #ourbad #proofreading RT : You Are In An Open Field is actually at 7:00 pm.
its a bad cycle. Losses lead to less confidence which leads to losses. Do what you do. Get your team pumped and turn some heads
Poynter's Iron Pit Gym / Richmond, Ky is open on #christmas eve from 9am-2pm
Just put a rhubarb/berry crumble into the oven, my very FIRST recipe ever using rhubarb
Eagles are dissapointing
who's revenge!
Won a $50 gift card to Rock Bottom Brewery and 2 movie tickets tonight! It's going to be a great Spring Break 2012 :)
and I are bringing the heavy heavy monster sound down tonight. no cover. 9-2
Kevin and David's soundcheck is #nerdmayhem - going to be a terrific show tonight! 7:30p at Vogel Hall, -
RT: A wise man once told me fuck with the people who fuck with you. the people who don't mean nothing at all.
What's w/ people leaving "the" or "a" off "majority" in writing? This is apparently an endemic problem now.
Can't wait for the season 2 premiere of Louie tomorrow. I hope it doesn't suck a bag of dicks.
And I'm starving!
ps out before the 22nd. A few of those still left.
Just fangirled out at Girls Nite Out....they looked at me like I had 3 heads. Ah so sad when real life does not reflect here and Tum. ;(
I know b. i will try not to!
Noah-- what kind of tips are u looking for?
Thanks for the post!
I want my kids to eat all their dinner except when they get cheese curds
Thanks! So glad you enjoyed stay. We will be sure to give you credit for this photo on Facebook too!
Seeing iPhone users belittle android users makes me want to get off instagram anyways, keep it up
Screen Shopping I go!!!! (that's window shopping on the intranet for those who don't know)
you need to go to school
yea... at this point i just tell people that hockey has 4 quarters.
email me for instructions or to send the stems to me
you better watch it, kiddo.
let me retweet this!
That is so hott!! Love you geez..Can't wait to hear you sing more!
I'm gettin money just taking care of me girrrrlllll.
So out of curiosity, why do you oppose returning SD's Black Hills to indigenous people?
yeah sure son
#youknoyoughettowhen every color ever made is on yo finger nails while you wearin a pink, purple, and orange dress with white and pink shoes
Wow, I haven't done a "Block & Report Spam" in several days. But, I see they're beginning again...
The party is at #OktoberFest in St. Louis! has you SET! I'm on now and the #ZliciousMix starts at Midnight!...
listening to that ether! "it's that ether, make your soul burn slow". Luv Nas!
D'aww :') I bet Rob's gonna drag you to the next shop shop he sees, Alex. :'D
Experience isn't just what happens -- but rather what happens to you!
every ICONiac know to man.
Obviously not. Look at those clowns.
Enjoy a wonderful Easter weekend with your friends and family! -Your friendly GFL staff
another whisper out !
#AWD 3302 students: due date for Unit 2 is now Monday the 17th
doesnt love me =(, he doesnt follow me or RT any of my tweets, im sad =( I*LOVE*JB<3
you don't need my lovin, you just want lovin in general.
Auditioning for a fresh ass film script today involving the golden era of hip hop. #couldhollywoodbesteppingitsgameup?
I spent 1/3 of my check already on pizza & paying my phone bill.. In less than an hour. Smh
it was yum
Now on tap-Buffalo Belgian Stout, Hinterland Saison, Piraat. Watch for some special tappings from The Livery, The Bruery, and more soon!
Pre-excusing is not becoming. Rub some dirt on it.
Quiet Sunday night at home
Just got my laptop in the mail ! Fuck yeah !
I posted a new petition on the White House website today in support of school libraries. Read more here...and sign! bit.ly/yi2wis
Beautiful Day! Enjoy the Ritz RT : On my way 2 Marina del Rey 2 finally meet my NYC couple & parents
tomorrow (sunday) is our show at the nashville jazz workshop. 7-9pm. come hear the other music. #nashville jazz
When you and your friend start singing the same song at the same time because the teacher says the words "this is..." xD
Danielle is a genius! How inspiring.
VITA gets income tax results for families
Getting new exhaust! 3r racing special
Wish I was tired again.
Boston Bound.
Dude, where's my Zipcar? Want to know if there's a Zipcar bearing your name? Tweet us to find out!
Madison No Fear Dentistry is looking for a talented, fun, and passionate Associate Dentist to join our team! Call 608-836-5700
retirement for a week?
G.M.N.I.: Every man I knew was pimpin', selling drugs, abusing women, or making women knotches on a belt.
DC: Had a blast from the past. 20 years later and she is still beautiful!
I'm starting to feel your hate towards these spammers bro
New web app launched by and - #Mapping emancipation events during the Civil War
yes sir - we will bask in all our glory
Thanks! All advice welcome
So for all who called and texted sorry but it was neccesary to take a break...
how goes it?
Yep, Williams transferred in the middle of the 2006 season. Also Mickey Perry
Lifting 's tummy up in prayer, preemptively. , wont you join in?
You can never get a cup of Tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me. ~C.S. Lewis
Pompa: assessments will only work if you set goals for students. States have a poor history of that without federal guide.
Come on people wake up!!! It's time to get this baby a rollin :)
Don't forget to stop by this weekend and pick up some delicious, homemade menudo!! (para la cruda) :P
It's so cold! What the fuck L.A.?
you've made millions of dollars! how depressed can you be?!
I will honey! Have a safe flight!! Text me when you land! XO
Actions tomorrow & Friday! www.savethelibrary.org. RT to the masses!
Don't forget some more of my niggas doin they thing in dis rap ish! show some love co everythingispolo
This mix is vicious!
I thought it was almost midnight... Did time STOP???
I'm 20 days away from not having to put up with your shit anymore.
RT : I don't think I could ever stab someone. I mean, let's be honest. I can barely get the straw through the Capri Sun.
white grape loovvvee it :-)
when's your birthday? :)
I gess when friday right boo.!?
Most popular pet #tarantula is the Chilean Rose. Ground dwelling/burrower is hardy, slower, more docile and easier to handle
“: Bout to Turn up tonight !!! 👍” that means ur going to bed! Lol
Also, after 10yrs of waytoopersonal blogging, it's nice to be talking into what is currently an Internet Black Hole.
you dont remember?! we'd buy them at outakes with our argo bucks
Can't stop thinking about what's next for me around the corner
Barely enough time to even send a tweet we've been so busy lately!
Today's Goals: Speed Interval Workout; Vacuum Lvg Rm; Write for 45 min. What are yours?
Majority of Supreme Court there! Please don't overturn Affordable Care Act - homeless people need Medicaid.
i feel like everyone os agnoring me!!:(
ah ha no ma'am to young for this party
Got my cap and gown
Well it'll be delicious no matter what but I'm from Chicago, I have high standards.
Adelaide: "I want to be a *Pretty Girl*!" Constance: "No! You'll go as Snoopy or not at all."
thx for the follow
I won't be getting any sleep tonight with all this work -.-
Going to make breakfast
RT I'm worried that if I give up smoking I'll replace it with murdering.
Thanks for following, It was great to have worked with you..JC
#ff realizing that the hole in the donut is the donut hole, and those other things are donut balls
yay! Let's celebrate it!...jk
Blowing my mind, here. The production limit is a federal law. What's Ross have to do with it? Is he selling it?
thanks all party bus riders for a great weekend!
All about the L today - National Lipstick day and National Lasagna Day. M on both
Hi. I love Sonny Moore. <3
is wondering what's going on with #pdxboom. It was definitely alarming!
Speaking of animation, congrats to "A Morning Stroll," one of our 2011 animation fest selections, on the Oscar nom for animated short.
S/o to all my followers....
we provide custom crawling at scale; pull out the exact data you want for the URLs you want -> more than a web content dump
Good Morning World!! Currently at 7:56am in Atlanta, GA it is 37 degrees. High: 64* Low: 46*
We just tested a fabulous O'so Hopdinger!
Now we are down to 8 days. Time hasn't moved so slowly since I was a kid. It's kind of cool, actually, this warped elongation of each hour.
I dont want to get up.
Only Wisconsin fries food as much as the south and then it's almost always in beer batter.
What is #oomf?
Yes, 1:30 pm it is. We'll meet in the Regency ballroom and go from there.
Towson University to host celebration of Greg Giovanazzi, former NCAA, Olympic volleyball coach Giovanazzi, 54, died Monday; spouse is un
haha my parents are dumb they let me pierce my lip not my tongue and I can get a tat but not my tongue -_-
Yeah, I hear ya! Small, but fun. Been eating Mexican leftovers all week ;)
Looking forward to your new shows... congrats!
Yes!!! Thanks for taking the time to compile all those hashtags.
Hope u recovering well brotha. I know how it feels. I know nothing is gonna keep u down though.
At the art fairs in NYC? Let us know what you liked the most
Me too. Lots of runaway reports lately. Don't know what's going on at home but if they knew what we knew... :-(
The only place I'll call home, is my death bed.
I have an unhealthy Angry Birds Addiction, "Space" was my latest fix... ;-)
Kronwall not Stuart scored.
Numbers don't lie. RT US newspapers lost $27 in print for every $1 they have made online since 2005, says
We are racing here in Long Beach. What a beautiful cool California day.
We have 2 tables open and 2 let's get those booked. Giving away a bottle tonight.
Of course, now you tell me.
better late than never!
HIHOHIHO OFF TO THE GYM I GO BIGCHESTDAY!
Where is the future of entrepreneurship? Where people are the hungriest for it--not in the USA.
oh ok, i believe ya
In addition to our regular menu, we will have a prix fixe menu available for $30. Winter root salad or French Onion Oxtail soup...
&#39;Dancing with the Stars&#39;: Gladys Knight leaves on midnight train
Had a great night
It's on Eastern & St. Rose! 10100 S. Eastern. Hope to see you there!
i hate storms.
: no! I love storms but i am playing outside! Bo!
Lmfao my dad stepped on dog shit 😂
Thanks for the invite when you eat six blocks away... Ha.
No just County Fair/Hickory Hill/Sweet 16. I'm thinking abt bigger proj re postwar girls/intell spaces & hadn't thought of 4H.
Bah! Spoilers! I haven't listened to it yet!
Switching servers later today to help with the load. Should be resolved by refreshing for now.
IT'S SO NASTY THO
Lolz...Herbal Breast Augmentation Products Studies? The Hunger Games
theohgroup Looking for a sales person for an interactive and marketing. Contact www.theohgroup.us/214-405-5597
I got a mink for a pet!
hahaha well i'm glad you're cheering on the devils! :D
Workin on finals bleh, at least I had an awesome St. Patricks Day!
its crazy how many kids coming into our practice are diagnosed with spectrum disorders!
I'm watching The Way official video of on TV :D I love this video! Jesus, You're the Way!
dibs! i'll take you
just jump in. you learn most of what you need to know along the way
That's sweet dude!
8 more followers to have a 600 followers..:))
FACT: You don't have your next chance to get this right!!! You have this opportunity right now! Because the next chance isn't promised!!
Singer-Songwriter's circle showcase tonight. 334 Mass Ave Cambridge, MA with a $6 cover. Hosted by Plectrum Ent.
Getting my first tattoo in a couple hours...super excited!!!!
I'd be the Rev lol RT ": * kneels down on one knee grabs your hand * will you marry me on twitter ? -.-"
Okay so then I was right. HAHAHA!
We're having a HUGE 3 Day Sale on our Used Cars, starting 2morrow. Over 100 vehicles marked down, we have something for everyone! c u there
Thank you for the recommendation. Really building my traffic a ton. It's amazing.
#anyone have a good LAMB CHOP recipe? #lamb chop recipe #raising bebe #French women dont get Fat #recipe ideas #food blog #good eats
Its OFFICIALLY to hit to be a thug, there is no need to have on a oversized hoodie
Steve Aoki is the shit right now! gym making it happen!!
ok good. I was going to say cause I'm not prepared for that shit.!!! I would
Girl: I'm da kholdest female in dis bitch! Dude: bitch if you don't sit yo room temperature azz down! Lmao
Riiker_Blade says we lovce the show!!
auditions are on the 25th and 26th
thanks for the good word!!!
Happy Birthday to me!!!!!! :D
because you love someone for who they are, not what they wear. if you don't like what they wear, you probably don't like them.
#mystrangeaddiction is you.
uh oh mouth pieces flyin! No it was a head band
It's the new all terrain Lexus
Techno music is a lullabye to my heart.
. is AMAZING on #DWTS and she looks absolutely magnificent for her age! She has my vote!!! <3
I'm so glad I ended up watching the Jersey Shore episode that included 'Ashamed'. I discovered a great band! Great music :)
2 straight hours of drumming without a single interruption. I'm pretty sure I found heaven.
praying for little #RyanKennedy hoping he is healed. Trend #RyanKennedy please! 9-yr-old w/brain cancer.
I look fwd 2 showing everyone how much more awesome it is in person, after finals :D
About to hoop at Pioneer Park. I want to play with someone good though....
People who advertise their sexual ignorance & immaturity on twitter or anywhere else: seek counseling/grow up/shut up, get a life & SHUT UP
No worries Justin, we know you're with us in spirit. Take care of your lady for us and we'll kick it w/ you next time ;-)
Leila: Thanks for following me. ;) Are you living in Seattle area?
Cant wait to get home
Motion. Good one. Lick the stamp! Ha ha.
Lol this is awesome
Molly Quinn Is Perfect www.funnyordie.com. check it out!
What bad rap?
I am really excited about #DC! Can't wait :-)
Lmao i swear you're my best friend. "Friends knock on your door. Best friends walk into your house and start eating."
": You are what you think." < basic concept but everyone needs a remainder! Thx! Positive thoughts!
You Name it - We Can Make it! =) RT What kind of filipino food you making?!
Fine-I'll go to the Brewers game, choke down delicious food and have a wonderful time if I have to.
I officially have sunburn on my right half only ;)
1 of the 4 almost cut my hair 4 the 2nd time
I honestly don't think, in your destructive zeal, you understand why America just turned against you
Thank you, !
I love you fam omg lol
bou to go shoot tha saw gun
Good lunch @ Stella's
Do you need Change Management to implement Change Management?
In the words of Dennis Green fmr coach of the Arizona Cardinals... Rush Limbaugh,& the other cowards. "they are who we thought they were"
Bill/Kevin trade Chisenhall $6 and 3rd round reserve pick to Rockers (me) for Ichiro $19 and 2nd round reserve pick.
Exciting things happening on #blackfriday!
love that album...
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 48
so excited!!! haha
I'm sick, going to the chocolate milk factory today and riding camels to tonight... Yes I said camels!
Its free www.tdmwebacademy.com - - we need everyone to help - Beta test - thx about 1 hour ago from web
I don't know, I've dug pretty much everything so far. Blunderbuss has just been surprisingly dull so far
Great Game, great dinner and great friends:)
"We are gonna keep coming at these guys...trust me...guns blazing every game" Rick Carlisle
I got called at 3:30am and had to make a critical decision!
Now the hard ass spurs we got to play
I know. I have one too. 289?
Healy Clock Tower is now handless, sentient, and on Twitter. Everybody say hello to
absolutely can't wait for KTUphoria this weekend! :) and more!
Amazed at the fakeness in the world it's sad
No matter what the media says You'll always be the girl who's warm hearted,talented,beautiful n amazing. I love u MC :-)
Congratulations - God's blessings.. you have an appointment yet?
good. Shit be to easy these dayz
"...a program I believe in."
I'm ready for that 2003, 2005, 2006, and 2011 rematch!!!!! Coach Taylor get past Shaw this year!!
Honestly just showing how fake you really are.
Unless its some red wine lol RT : Holy early!!! Up for this flight to Cali... Hm too early to drink?!
If your not sure what to get gift to give the birthday boy or girl visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com to help you choose at great prices!!
With August 15th marking National Relaxation Day, we want to know how YOU unplug and recharge. So how will you celebrate today?
Looking forward to acrl technology & libraries lightning round-up!
Irrigation boost for tribal belt
thanks a mil Jake! If I can actually see the vote button to vote, you definitely have my vote as well man!
Im folliwing everyone who follows me
we do! Thanks so much love.
Join Lottie's for our "Greek Bailout" brunch - we're bailing Greece out 1 kalamata olive at a time!
r ur snake bites fake
youtube Gutta J Nino Brown Dallas Yeah
Spiritual practice is a full-time awareness of the Truth, not a part-time pastime.
I'm loving Malibu RED
If this is something would be interested in doing, we'd love to have you.
What has been the most useful lighting fixture this holiday season?
Karoubi FB objected widespread arrests & asked 4 the immediate release of all detainees, and reparation of their reputation
Simply Fight Week
yup! My heart just dropped! Ugh!
: Believe it or not, a quake was felt here in #Milwaukee, WI.
If you are or know of a published/up and coming model #DBHH is now looking for models to feature on our new section #DreamGirls. RT
i'm not perfect...i'm human<3
its gettin hot in here, so take off all ya clothes.
"Man! Look at the working over he's giving his crapper! You could break a pool cue across it!"
This dudes butt is throwing up in the stall next to me.. I feel sick
#andypoll Vacay with Mr Davis. PNW maybe? I want to put a bird on it.
I piss on people that say " #nohomo " :)
oh okay. Why wouldn't you like it?
And I know that. Sorry!
Just went on rollercoaster at mission beach and heading back to Vegas!
10days!!!! I'm down to two hands!!
It appears our Twitter account has been hacked. We did NOT send out any spam messages or links. Change your PW immediately.
True that
After awesome shows in #Louisville & #Cleveland this amazing journey of a tour has concluded
Sometimes I wish it was legal to punch students
They got me the one with the two sticks. It's so awesome, I was freaking out. haha.
Be nice to people on your way up because you may meet them on your way back down. - Jimmy Durante
Probably go to
bro ill be home tomorrow i swear i wont forget you poster lol
Fun is seriously the best band ever. There is not a song of theirs I don't like
feel you my daddy is just not a daddy he is a father. Can talk about anything and not be judged by him love him to DEATH
See you guys soon :-)
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 15
I have to go to see it again.
What do I have to do to get you to follow me?
Hilarious. Rebecca Black being a victim of antisocial media is being discussed. Friday has made its way into #SheCon!
HAHHAHA Nice Joke No OneLoves Him More Than Me
Finally a gorgeous day in Boston! Come have lunch on the patio. Today's lunch special is a cup of chowder w/ a swordfish taco!
U selfish! : I need a cold POP!
I know . TT_TT it's such a perfect day for it . rainy .
Yes please!
I already do brah:)
the symbol is the logo for our new agency on campus run by the undergrad marketing assoc. check us out!
Vic seems pretty copacetic this morning after blowing off steam yesterday playing computer games and some UNO. Keeping an eye on him tho.
I love a 2.30p call time! Shooting very funny anti-smoking campaign. Comedy set is an excellent place to spend a Fri. Ahh doing what u love!
MY DOG RT : #NowWatching Cocaine Cowboys
Grandmother passed last night. Cancelled my FL trip and am headed to Houston.
people that can't keep a conversation going for more than 10 minutes.... shouldn't have a phone.
guess some got bored & basically its what happened was tumblr & 1D.
Get on twitter you Hooligan!!!!
Happy #InterNationalWomensRideDay. I wouldn't trade my Harley for anything. Rubber side down, ladies!
Whaaaa? RT : Phil? RT : Sources tell me Taylor getting an MRI..possible torn pec
There's Hack Night for Beginners at Vertical Response tomorrow night. Are you going? It's at the same time as study group though.
All gate info screens down at Detroit Airport. Chaos ensues.
done trying to be nice.
#UFC145 did the main event start?
r u going 2 watch Ellen
Good luck! Love that show!
I just had a PB&J and didn't wash my hands. I am not a germaphobe!! :p
Watching the parent trap with Lindsey Lohan just look at her then and now it's a shame now. I want our Lindsey Lohan back that we knew more
nice seeing at the SAT yesterday
lmao I sure do and i was the only child for 9 years I'm not good at sharing lol
u should read Bill Gates recent comments on energy innovation and investments required for the future
very nicely put
Is there a way to make a partial refund to a customer?
How about a "Bassmasters" Mockumentary starring you, Christopher Guest and the crew??? Please.
it will have you leanin'!! Lol now I'm drinking "call a,cab"
I am suddenly jealous.
I'm good
fuck you u u and u mf
Gonna Tour today so its a #MensFashion #FollowFriday Primer
In Chicagoland, it's 60 degrees and sunny. Enjoy the beautiful day, everyone!
Wait... They sent Nunez down?!?! How did I not know till now?!?!?!
on my way to Jersey . jk im on my way to the movies with
#SpringBreak Homework sucks! :P
May 17th 7pm ET TWITTER CHAT Lupus dermatological issues w/
The Superbowl is a marketing major's holiday. You get to see so much of your product in motion, then the after effect.
Movie recommendation is Tim Curry in "Clue"
According to a rumor I'm starting is going to be playing 'Cyborg' and a sweet live version of 'Sitting' next month!
Congrats to Rick!
hell yes.
": Gmorning." How bout them Coyotes...NOT!! JK...
better than Standard Definition special features.
hows sorority life?
to the magical land of blueberries!!! Lol ;)
Looks heavenly
Yes, mostly the W&OD trail, sometimes the C&O canal towpath. Going to do some rallies in the spring.
say dat find me one dwn there wit da crib already cuz these bums scoutin witout a pot to piss n
GIRL we didn't know you needed a ride! Well get you after dinner!
welp volleyball is cancelled. I'm bored now.
well, I drink everyday... So hahahahaha
Yet money is so dang imortant. RT : Vevo: Music is now an experience, not a product, like it was many years ago.
Gotta get it
Voice recognition is *hard* on all levels. Siri will only improve with time. This is totally a first-world complaint and bogus.
I'm finally done with high school lol
FACEBOOK? If I had $$ to invest perhaps...
I will give you the subs free on Monday with everything on it, nothing missing
My mind on my money and my money on my mind
lmao no problem 😘
I'm glad all the spanish ppl bout to be mad tonight & tomorrow! Floyd mayweather niggas!!!!
while shopping for final preparation for Christmas Eve Dinner, 3 different strangers thanked my father for his service to our country- :)
We are! We need sales people and an installer! Feel free to retweet!
ScarJo was a bad casting choice for a superhero movie, should've been Kate Beckinsale or Halle Berry... Someone intimidating!
Solutions-Light plays an important part in lighting spaces,layering of light ,reflecting light,using light as architectural tool
Repudiate your murder threats and your namecalling friends, and I will.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Virgin Strawberry Daiquiri 4.11 / 5 Stars | 20 Reviews by Helena W. "This drink is probably the best drink I hav
Raise your glass, proud bitches!
Calling all Whitney Meyer / The Voice fans!!!! Whitney is playing the first set of songs at the Museum's First Thursday tonight! Starts...
Salsa @ QBar Tonight! See you there!
Someone bought a toilet seat bass guitar on e-bay! the guitar player in Jay Leno's band! LMAO that is sick. He played it onstage. :O
Go USA women soccer!!! win the World Cup
your teeth might not make it but at least your apartment will smell good :)
Thanks for tweeting! Can’t wait to see your official video for
Im still beautiful even with my busted lips! ;)
In Baltimore County lol
Ok. Not sure what that means but keep up the good work
you are my friend
About that. They're giving me my schedule for the next day every night at 7:00... so I'm not sure yet. Saturday or Sunday!
Pictures from the Sex and the City II Event will be up in a few, stay tuned.
LINSANITY! is sweeping the nation, and you're still fairly certain that that's not even a word
