Signing books and baking pies with !
Fast Facts: Prepare your child for the plane ride by using different techniques such as making use of social stories to familiarize your...
good luck to all for the big opening!! The kidz, they WILL come!
Freestylin with The Roots skeptic. Have the audience member pick the type of music, Fallon...
Have a teenager who might be interested in yoga? Bring them buy our Yoga Magic class (suited for 11-18 year-olds) tonight from 6-7pm!
I love you baby, you're my everything ♥
Back from one of my favorite weekends with my favorite people!
how have you been? I miss you. xo much love.
Thanks to and for the follow.
more love for the actual HEEL than wedges. Step that game up ;)
If you were to combine Demba Ba and Papiss Cissé into one player for the sake of this list, where would they be on it?
Home sweet home.
Spring Break Week is off to a Fast Start!!! The club was Poppin with DJ's AI & J-Roc Rockin The House and Everyone Dancing & Partying!!!
- mine is set for this Tuesday and Pete's is next Thursday - Monday. His is coming from Apple and mine from B&H.
"No one can possibly achieve any real and lasting success or "get rich" in business by being a conformist." ~J. Paul Getty
Sounds like the Orioles/Sox game is about to get weird.
El Mezcal in Bartlett has live music tonight. This margarita and listening to this guy is making me goofy happy. Sad, I know!
currently jamming out to Common Denominator as I study for my math final...... coincidence? i think not!
Yes, the "Wild Things" movie was a mess, but its heart and creative soul were true.
Follow naked like adam on twitter!
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. Robert H. Schuller
what'd you get in the other ballet class?
Thank you very much. We will keep that in mind.
i didnt have dinner yet cuz i just got home from my bball game!(: we won! RT cuz u love bball??(:
Virtual Scavenger Hunt at 11 am TODAY! Invite your friends! Prizes: $25 to Subway, Starbucks, BJ's, Jamba Juice, Olive Garden!...
Oh Danny Briere ur so clutch. y U not in an Indianhead? Go Flyers!
what are the limits of Flash, endurance, capacity/in**3, energy?
you make my day better<3 i love you(:
I got one that shuts off after 2 hours and I still have to check it about 10 times to make sure I unplugged it.
NOTE: This does not apply to what I'm doing right now.
Go pirates! #ECU RT Chad Tracy is the second biggest trending topic in the United States.
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME ? (:
Then thank you for the compliment. *Politely nodding*
I'm #Dead . Lol
Don't let it consume you.
What do you think about the Manning situation?
Thank you Robin!
Always be yourself, unless you can be a unicorn. Then always be a unicorn..
do you wanna help me move lol
it was funny when was so surprised that she got out of her car
I miss Jelena, had a dream about her the other day
RT Mariano Rivera is the man! Sad for him. Hope he comes back.
We definitely have that in common! Thanks for the shout out. Happy
HE'S MINE mom!
Might have encouraged the "screw it" mentality
Don't miss FBL last show of the season w/ Zac Brown Band on 10/16! Tix or Hardee's Thickburger Box Office (M-F 10-4).
How's your christmas time?
Ray Allen and his mom are the cutest
you force me to...
How do you photoshop yourself & still be ugly ? that's like cheating on test and still failing.
Blew all ur Lil income tax money tryin to shine for a bunch of nobodies on fb..u dress way beter then ur kids and u still got roaches
Checking out #neyo, I mean his new line of hats
just catching up on many conversations... So sorry for your loss. Sending love from my family to yours.
Sherman Heights #Walmart, we're discussion with SD City Councilmember Alvarez, join the discussion NOW
but yes, I am Fancy. You know that ;)
The story of my life when things go wrong so you try to fix it an even more things go wrong
Guide To Clickbank - How to Make Money With The Clickbank Code
no, he just went with me this morning to talk to everyone. He's sore & his ear is bothering him , but he's ok.
The Pres, VP, and Liberal "elite" are calling Tea Party "terrorists." Where is the CIVILITY?
Eastern Bank's Rose Grant will talk stocks tomorrow at 12:50 p.m. on WRKO-AM in Boston.
yeah that's all I have as well which scares me a lot.
It just keeps proving how dumb people are #sad :Twitter has given a voice to people with fingers that work faster than their brains
Better hurry! You've got one week!
I will definitely be there...looking forward to meeting you as well!!
haha yes!!! AND when we were playing with the ball...WHERE WAS MTV?!?!?!?! WHY WEREN'T THEY FOLLOWING US??!?!?!!!
thanks I just like to talk you know
Love your show! but missed who did 'Heavy Things' a couple of mins ago, could you tweet it?
Ha. Thanks. And sorry, that was the only photo available on our photo service! Next time, he'll look better. Promise. (:
"I owe my life to Nicki Minaj, I was in a coma for 2 years, until a nurse played one of her songs, I had to wake up and turn that shit off."
“: It is UCLA for Shabazz”
Much #bkstoreluv to Dawn MV. *Karen+Susan* -thanks for all the recommends and fun chats we have when I come in *IHeartBofG*
What are my chances of getting into an ivy/top school?
that was a dope line....definitely approved
JUST PRACTICE LOL
it's been in my head for weeks!
hey, can you follow me please ? :)
God’s plan is like a movie. All the good and bad things are arranged together for the good ending.
Hi, got you from the Linkedin group. My link works now. Thanks.
Thanks - it was great to work with you! RT : A real pleasure shooting the video... Incredibly talented musicians!
I'm going to sleep .. I hate Dekaney with a passion
Beautiful spirit...
RT : . Race, racism, and chattel slavery were invented at the same time for the same purpose. They're a box set. -
really? No N-N-Out?
Happy March! Yay for #spring and #St Pattys Day!
RT if when you meet Austin, he won't be single anymore. ;)
I wish new shoes felt old but looked new.
A friend said to me "that Corey Smith that you've listened to for yrs sure is getting alot of play on CMT now.
Thanks for the mention!
Come on people. It's North Carolina. I'm not even sure if interracial marriage is legal there.
Okay , I should really sleep now.
es posible. I might go to eriks farm. Haven't had fun w you in a coons age
“: Anyone else excited the launch party tonight?!” wish I could go...
lol it's a long game.. Just look at them 6ers 😏😉
Headed to Tyler's Tenders for Owen's birthday!
Thanks GC Composer! Good to be in contact with you on Twitter! Peace.
Ahh I forgot you mentioned me lol
absolutely not!
Well aren't you sweet! Life is grand, wondering if you're doing any shows any time soon?
I've been a few times. It's OK. I don't mean to hate. I'm all about supporting Austin biz as much as possible.
Holy shit, you guys.
Friday! Djing at Holler for list & bottles ;)
lol u are cracking me up!!!! If u want to lol why not
im here
Rangers tonight!!
I want to move in with my Dad.
JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!! lmfao i screamed so loud...
first storm since I've been at St. Maarten...glad I picked tonight for my solo beach party/ room service!
I'll start when I get people? JOIN THE CHAT(: posted link
Messaging you w clearer detail.
Joey smells so good 
ive heard that before
Thank you for putting a donation box for the Indiana AIDS Walk & Ride in your northside store. We appreciate you!
#jasonmisquotes are making me laugh so hard, I had to pull over as I am crying from laughing so hard and can't see
I hear that!
im right here(: come get me and ill take care of em(; lol
I don't understand why the broncos would trade Tebow, he is their starting RB...
I'm so bored. Laying in my bed, listening to music. And just texting! :) [**S&&H**] :)
Holy ice planet Hoth! I might need a Tonton to get anywhere today
it was just on the radio...again..twice in 35 minutes. Fml
I hope McGee's Mom chokes MWP unconscious. You know... as a basketball play.
That was upsetting.
midnight truffle
No RT : Seriously, does it get any better than a Game 7?
heard that
"There is more hunger for love & appreciation in this world than for bread." Mother Theresa #quote | We'll give you all!
I don't know noelle's , but TJ is ...
Regardless of age or size, 6 - 10 diapers are needed daily! Do you belong to a group that is willing to host a diaper drive?
awe. So sweet.
are there any employment opportunitys with doyles room or any other affiliates for a motivated smart young man
I'm hearing Snowe isn't running for reelection....say it ain't so. All the moderates are leaving!!
come on , I miss seeing you everyday ! :)
o nice! idk you seemed cool enough =p lol
Agreed! RT : Independent films are an endangered species. Tell everyone you know to see #BeautifulBoy this week in NY and LA
What is your favorite #creative website? Behance? found?
Just for that bullshit you pulled yo album better be good!
We've got a show coming up! Tuesday 1/25 @ The Deli in Norman
How is everyone today?
Last player was much younger than the previous 2 semifinalists. Wonder if the judges take age/experience into account?
Welcome to the south! veggies are usually fried. head to the ritz downtown. BLT Steak can cure your pain. CLT native.
Anything puts his hands on is gold. I look forward to the event. Good thing going on here.
Excellent! I'll email you some of my ideas soon - psyched!!
wow, talk about all-time biggest suck up
": Feels like a second home opener tonight! Let's get win #5 on this 5th day of May in our 5th home game of the year. #SKCNation"
“: nothing like waking up to hello..good morning mix #diddy #rickross #nickiminaj ha! Thx girl” nice one! Enjoy!
Come on down to broad ripple on Friday let's make some deals!
Great interview with attendee Chris Gray .. Hope your kids love the clubs you got em!!!
thanks for the good work you do, keep it up!
#Sportsbiz MT : on team, now in 3rd place & spent sig. cash "If we don't get into the playoffs its a disaster."
And I misspelled your name (sorry, I have a friend who does the Y). Never, ever again!
Forecast for Monday: Low clouds and fog in the morning then partly cloudy. Highs 63 to 68 near the coast to 68 to 73...
Go for a run...clears the mind;)
If I go to school tomorrow and someone starts making fun of Justin cuz he messed up I'll slap them.
Happy Thanksgiving from all the Volunteers at the Carmel Farmers Market.
says the one who has a weenie, or atleast i'd hope so... OH! (;
whats good bro?
no. You stop. I fixed before anyone saw it .... but you.
1st month of school: look nice and dress nice. the rest of the school year: rocking the homeless grandma look.
I'm here lol
your illustrations are beautiful.
Send Josh Beckett back to Miami! we'll take him. Plenty of golfing in the ole sunshine state!
Jesus, lady, gay couples experience domestic violence too!!! What a horrible woman!
Grids are still global and that still makes no sense. A grid for an Icon would likely not be the same for an HD iPad app. /cc
Nothin comes easy, You gotta try real, real, hard
Having a hard time distinguishing #bieber from #degeneres in these proactive commercials. He certainly wears more makeup than she. Yikes.
That awkward moment when you see someone and think 'damn that persons sexy!’ then you realize your looking at your reflection.
we think its being moved to Red Arrow Park starting June 1
Had a great time last night at Flight 112 Wine House!!
I don't know how to say.
Flying to Texas in a couple of hours for a perfomance tommorow.will miss the music city and its liveliness,but will be back soon for more
#Shoutout to everybody still waiting on Final Grades...them professors know what they doin yeah
Been looking at butterbeer recipes from Harry Potter/Universal but none have marshmallow or mcreme. Topping tasted like marshmallows, right?
RT : RT : Listening to - they have 12 social media people on staff - all on TWITTER - No YOUTUBE or FB!
This is gonna be a doozy...
any idea if Frank Minnifield's son is on their radar? Have they worked him out?
Smh yea it's time for me to delete my twitter
lol I'm jealous of you but I should follow your example and trade this piece of crap.
My condolences to SDPD and to family of Officer Chris Wilson. So sad.
nah, just a blood draw. Won't be too bad. The #writing and #editing are the painful parts!
Cervelli is faster can bunt and play D better than Posada. Also, Jorge looks lost at the plate. Its a good move!
Really need my phone to be jail broken
At a church musical
Oh My God Becky Look At Her But! Tunechi :D
correlation <> causation. Logic 101
In downtown Denver for the next few days.
Has the weather gotten any better? I need to head there for work and it looks crazy bad now.
Well, said, my thoughts almost exactly.
Sims stuff is great at creating community. That allows knowledge to spread. There's power there.
Cmon man! Dont you think I find my way into enough trouble over here without your "help"?! Killin me bro
😢 lol thank you ma'am
Hahah! Sponge Ben Square Head.
But they had it so its all good. :)
I'm watching #RHONYC it's insane!!!
Sweet...thanks!
my favorite yogi in SD
lol I'm dead serious bro, theres more and more interracials couples every year, there saying its possible
Another song knocked out that came out nasty but beautiful..I was due for a sex song lol, 1 more track to rec. n im done with hbt2 except th
Hi grandma
my phones fucked up just message me on here
It's raining and chilly but I've finally arrived
Jesus is coming! Look Busy.
Resume Writing 101. Dear Agency, I want you to want me. I need you to want me.
We send our art to a small silkscreen shop out in Cali, but most places will print on whatever type of shirt you want.
Dude! I remember when Cutler chased Billy G through Memorial Coliseum....
dont need nothing from you
I guess I'm a pleasantly foodie...lmao
I'm glad I'm not the only one with a 5th grade sense of humor! I think we could have some tie-in merchandising with this one.
It was a lot of fun - a good learning experience in many ways.
Big audition tomorrow. Big game Friday. Half marathon Saturday. Now that's what I call a good week.
Throwing one more option your way for #NYE--join us for our Birrificio Bruton dinner and live performance by
We have a romantic setting for a short time here
trying all sorts of things in R and finding that many of them work like you would want (contrary to my nervous expectations)!
Taking the SAT on Cinco de Mayo
I heard today was Coffee Day. I could have had a 50 cent iced coffee at Dunkin Donuts if I had turned right instead of left leaving school.
"The Encore of Tony Duran" - WINNER of the "Spirit of Independents" Award #FLIFF ! Thank you
it's been too long since I've seen you.
The only thing better than vanilla ice cream is cookie dough ice cream!!!!! We love life lol!
Thanks for the favorite/RT :)
I am more offended by how stupid the UPS commercials are and they have nothing to do with logistics than the 92 game crap
Apparently Ashton had been taking pics of women and broadcasting them as "Nikon Coolpix" commercials.
I should probably get around to consuming something other than coffee at some point today.
haha nice! I agree. He did a great job.
happy New Year everyone!!! May you all have a prosperous and safe New Year
The official premiere of "The Lottery Show starring Sherrod Small" starts July 5th 2011 around 10:30 PM.
Favorite Panel @ IFP today "Case Study: Tiny Furniture." Inspired by 's film itself & story of moving from student to SXSW star.
I can however offer a purely personal view of how we got to where we are and make some suggestions as to the future.
I rode my bike to school. And now it is snowing.
Thanks! Its research for my next novel. The only problem? I'll have to act scholarly. I need to grow a beard and furrow my brow.
Sigh of relief... purchased my seat for the final performance of The Glass Menagerie at the Mark Taper Forum. Could not have missed that.
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. - Judy Garland
“: Huh!!!! This is so random.”>>>you're all late lol
Off to talk about closing San Diego's skills gap and my Connecting to Careers initiative with on
(okay, you can ignore me now)
we love you! keep voting and keep pushing for us!
we need to hang out son:)
Testing out my twitter account.
#GoodNight everybody!! 💤💤
Some people reach their full potential much earlier than others. At 10! .........
#ABDC or #Bedtime .....im liking the right side better.
Millions find happiness and joy in boating. Let me help you find the joy in boating too. Helping people find life's joy one boat at a time!
worst then dog shit bitch, pussy slanggin to every dude...you girls have NO CLASS....I SPIT ON ALL YOU HOES, and clean my shit up too bitch!
Looking forward to seeing everyone this weekend. Stop by and see us at Booth #626!
I don't think you should apologize for a word. You're just calling a spade a spade. ...oh shit.
I know you guys are wondering about 's voice. I'll address at the top of the show.
On this cinco de mayo, we enjoyed a nice all American meal... Cheeseburgers!
what's wrong with your current position?
This would come on top of the mid-credits sequence which essentially sets up the villain for the sequel
2012 Verb squad is YOUR team. You took over as the new leader against La Salle. Dont forget that.
You know what I like better than Sea World? Watching UK beat UofL! We left early to be home for the game.
Hunt for the Red Cloud Quote "This business will get out of hand and we will be lucky to live through it"
you said you suck the cock
Bravo, ! Great concert and FANTASTIC Rachmaninoff!!
I understand that, I'm a christian, we don't believe in that tho u no
On queue press coverage on blitz he had to go to third option. Aack
Lets go to bayshore and forget what state we are in.
RT": and are at it again!" The best in the biz, ya'll!!
you coming over?
GOOD MORNING!
I have cried since receiving the news. I don't know quite what to say. All I know is when God made Whitney Houston he broke the mode.Gnite
Also resolved to go home and be extra conscious of how much happiness Miss Kitty has given me, and vice versa.
Austin Please follow me! (:
Eyes burnin like fuck rite now...
finishing up a few things, then heading down to the hotel in a bit...
im going to start watching the tudors, hopefully its good!
The world lost a great visionary... R.I.P. Steve Jobs
thanks! I use blogger, but need a second blog set for a private group & have been curious about wordpress....
Luxe better check her fanfic's ask.....
It's more people that want it than got it
berbatov is useless in European play
Thanks for tasting with us ! Cheers!
tell matt hi “: A Jew, a Peruvian, an Italian, and an Indian walk into a bar. Out for drinks with and ”
#np say goodbye- chris brown
My lil sis don't love me
Think imma get a fresh fit today...
I do believe coach Hawley should never have lost his job.
With Gov 2.0 talk at #SMWDC I see could see how a 311 aggregate feed could allow developer to make a more effective governance app
It's because you're boring.
Congratulations on the positive review!
what to do tonight
One more class than its back to Louisville for a couple days
Jenny Ybarra's trial is now starting. First witness: Jenny Ybarra.
Boulderfest July 24 25 26 @ 100 Alexander St South Wedge. 30 bands over 3 days and its FREE. Stop by and have a great time w us this year.
damn! should we send you an umbrella??
RT : Be sure to "LIKE" San Diego Family Expo on Facebook for 2011 SDFE news & updates
thanks for the follow!
*jaws theme* I'm feeling a little better.
Get it together!
A week at least to get ANY official word on the proceedings? Not enough for me. Sorry. Try harder. Cancelling.
Mom was right... I do need 8 hours of sleep!
Ugh i feel like im goin thru a dry spell! Haha gotta get it in SON!
Film is so damn good. My revisit is knocking me out.
I love watching #DWTS !!
Shout out to the people showing us love on twitter #FF thanks guys!
I haven't been bck or out in a min so I was just tryna see what's koo out here now n u seem like u would know wassup!!
A little chemistry knowledge doesn't hurt either. #whyIsticktocookies&brownies
I can't sleep
Well I'm guess we have to wait and see...
Eating CAP'N CRUNCH for dinner :D It's pretty awesome!
: God bless you and your family.
thanks for the reply though
Listening to some country music while reading some gov docs before cleaning the house like a mofo.
Can't wait - I know with you involved it will be awesome...lets hope it is better than the Plum book2movies...Good Luck!
Learning lots about vPC after an unexpected 5k outage this weekend. Duplicating it in the DC now. Luckily this virtual farm is not prod yet
My man! How you livin'? I troll the Internet for Sam Okey news every day, so it was inevitable this would happen.
It's a breaking news kind of day. I can feel it!!!
no idea, call Tommy Usher
such a shame Sarah can't see that.
love you so much you big old hunk <3
What? Did you guys decorate? I can't get these slackers over here to get their decorating butts in gear!
Why am I still awake?!
Time for bed. Actually, way past time for bed, but now I'm actually going.
Happy birthday to a lot of who we are is b/c of you;) love you! #getready!getready!getready!
is that the site where you take pictures and make them blurry for no reason
Thats awfully nice of them to let baseball have 34 games. i remember when Aggie baseball had EVERY game on the radio.
I am intrigued by Crossfit. Not intrigued by Crossfit prices, however.
sounds great, see you then!
girl: (text) why don't you ever call me? Me: *calls* Girl: *no answer* Me: FUUUUUUUUUU
Q5) How do we overcome complacency in the pursuit of dreams and be open as a child?
Bizarre!! “: Clintonville City Administrator confirms 1.5 magnitute earthquake responsible for booms felt earlier this week.”
Sleep quote- Leonardo DaVinci- A well-spent day brings happy sleep.
New Windows? Ask about: 1. Product features. 2. Replacement Measuring Process. 3. Installation Process. It's all about the parts & pieces!
Thursday confession: I don't know how to draw an "&", so when needed I draw a "$" sign and just scribble over it.
Over 7000 #startup founders & 100s of #startupchampions have joined , helping fuel a nationwide
OMG I am relate to the Australian Martha Stewart, yes please to recipe!
Mix one scoop of our #salsa spices with a 14.5oz can of diced tomatoes. Chill for 30 minutes, serve, and accept compliments.
On way to Jax with two other models for an early booking!
I good with scotch. Just scotch.
The defense is do for a big play.... Right?
I wish stupid could power cars, I could fill up while at work
Looking forward to being back in LA and our show on August 12 (8pm) @ UCB!
“: woah! And yes that is family! She aint goin no where.” we already know sisters forever!!!!
I hear that! RT : I love being able to suggest to people for events of all sizes in Chicago.
Oakland is crisp...cafe bound.
hm, just looked it up, i could have high cholesterol
You can't take it when your gone
Where is your office located?
Calling Mike Wallace "old-school" misses the point: the man was fearless in the face of tyranny & hypocrisy.
Do me a favor and share my band's link on your Facebook wall!
I guess Ogando hasn't read the scout report on Pujols.<<Why is he pitching away from him?>>
Have fun with edible printing!
Sis is officially in Indiana
Hee hee thank you :) I like to make sure you all feel truly a part of my crazy life. Or answer my confusion. :)
Don't forget, u can WIN a $50 EOI Gift Certificate just by doing a quick review of us on either Citysearch, Yelp, Google Places or Yahoo!
or friend, that happens and you can't stop it from happening you can only enjoy your time being an that's all that matters. I was just....
What is most valuable for any human is to be a part of this marvelous reality, God's kingdom now...: Dallas Willard, The Divine Conspiracy
she is going to hit you back gutfeld. And when she does it ain't gonna be pretty...
Lots of chatter around 3D printers... I await the day I can make jeans that fit perfectly!
austine mahone is awesome love:)ya
Always doing peoples hair for them. What about me? 😒
I just want my parents to be proud of me. K.
Thanks Mayka! btw what's your email address? I want to send you something
one step ahead of the game!
studying for what??
Since when did remembering names become such a thing? I think I offended dog face girl, again
Sometimes I wonder, if you get the same feeling I do when we look into each other's eyes.
ha! sometimes I like to imagine buildings are like transformers. The arms and legs unfold out of the building.
: I'm crying everytime i listen to #TurnToYou you can hear, that Justin has written the song with all his heart <3” (4)
Don't really wanna be bothered.....
Yes i have seen it quite a few times... but i personally have not...
ⒻⒶⒸⓉ of the Day: In Texas, the entire Encyclopedia Britannica is banned because it contains a recipe for making beer that can be used at ...
Sorry you couldn't make it - good meeting! Maybe next time - we shared some FH info with the group.
I had to check a call # in vol 3 of #DDC23 & randomly opened to 615.788
The limited number of additional changes required for transmission is minimal, and the required changes should be published immediately H1N1
"Teacher: 2 girls are dancing; Change this sentence into exclamatory sentence. Student: WOW!! "
You Both Made My Dream Come True. Thanks For Making A Girl From Bakersfield, Ca Making My Dreams Come True:)
Congratz to Larry for being like #69 on our facebook page! Shoot us your info so we can send you your sticker!
I have no life during midterm week
A lot of girls wanna be in a relationship so bad that they end up with Mr.Player, Mr.Wrong, & Mr.Asshole
Yeah I really wanted to be in D.C. or NYC or Boston. But I'm going to try and get off the waitlist for GW & at least be in D.C.
Eight scripts sitting on my desktop bright. Which will be the first in 2012 to get a green light?
yeah mang, let me know mango! It was tough 4 me to pass these tickets up pumpkin...... 4 real ming
follow back? :) x
exactly, teach them what?? Sweet djing skills? I think not. Better leave that to me after you satisfy them
#V Live lounge, #Cafe 4212, #poetry lounge is where you will find me this weekend...
Texas Tech's Monique Smalls (College Park) had 12 points, 5 assists and 2 steals in an 81-58 win over Texas today.
He's not even showing up for HOF induction. In fact, he doesn't even want to be inducted.
reaction to documents from Wikileaks... FUCKING DUH
awesome right?!
I'm open to helping, but June 19th is a stretch for me. Any particular reason you've settled on that date?
I always hit the bull's eye. I aim, I shoot and whatever I hit... is the bull's eye.
Yup, still not over it. Cant even get through Faith Hill's opener..
LRT, yeah, I see u tweeting about me!! Lol
How much hairspray does jay leno use? If I get on the show I want to ask him if his hair ever gets messy! leno hair LOL
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had a life
Falling in love shouldn't be a goal in your life, it happens unexpectedly, when u accidentally meet your best friend ...
Fresh in produce: corn, peaches, nectarines, plums, apricots, blueberries, tomatoes, peppers, eggplant, f-trade bananas & pineapples, & more
I MEAN IT TAKES NOTHING TO GET WHERE U AT I WANT WHAT U HAVE MY PEOPLE WILL CHERISH IT
Pannikin on 101, Leucadia side, near Lou's records.
About to get this softball season off to a soggy start.
lol. I was just being a good dad. My son loves electronic music.
damn, he blocked us with the quickness.
Happy Greek Independence Day! Marching in the parade :) channel 7 at 1:30!(:
Stay persistant and you will learn
thinks all the police officers look mighty handsome in their dress blues. sad for the reason they are all dressed up
RT : Twitter should have a paper clip guy like in Word who'd pop up, "It looks like you're writing a joke. Would you like help
yea, remind me sometime tomomorrow please!
Karin - oh, great article. And yes, that seems entirely appropriate in re: the lovely
ELENA IS A VAMPIRE!!!!!!
Identify with Excellence, put your name on your work, and BOTH your work and your name will stand the tests of time.
Man I would love to be there for that show. Yall need 2 ustream it.
Gotta girl at home.. I know it's wrong but it feel so right...
but he's certainly going to be the public face
It's not over till the sailor sings.
Chicks that do that have bad box LMAO
its a different world down there
“: I'm almost a senior and my boobs aren't growing at all.” second that sister
the party last night was nothing short of AMAZING. I am a blessed man to work for such a great company
Met some amazing new people at a party I attended. Had tremendous fun.
I Listen To Constructive Criticism
That's how he chose his collaborators.
omg stop i love you both
Current weather @ Disney World: 77°F· (°C) Wind: 6 mph NNE Humidity: 93%
Are we gonna be talking about sports today or just Westfield Center?
#onewordthatdescribesme Pizzazzy. Real word. Really true.
Rural areas of America created the office of sheriff.
Balmy, breezy, gorgeous day in Abq. Definitely going to rain later. Perfect day for reading!
I want a shake weight and some pajama jeans - they look like they were made from "some European designer". I love "some European designer"!
YoruFukurou is my new best Twitter friend.
I cried too, hush!
This place has to be reported, Josh! I work in customer service and this is not accepted!
coolio! make another one?
You were the only part of the grammys that inspired me - Please be featured on my next record! www.johnbaptistrecords.com
The LA Times, Weak coffee and runny eggs in bed....perfection! I'm a #lucky mom
: I do. Unfortunatly
Destination: your mother's couch
DO U REALLY LIKE UH BLAH ICONIC BOYZ BETTER YEA
TBS: enough with La Russa Cam.
heck yea!!!! Your my favorite Pokemon!
“: A brunette's iPod will be filled with a little bit of every genre. #thehairoscope” So true
yes sir. boy does it take a commitment
May is one of our favorite months - def something to look forward to! :)
My sister's bachelorette party last night was a success! Had so much fun. Now it's time to work. May even go for a run later...!
who knew that you were fluent in so many languages.
follow shes really nice. =)
wow, you go girl!
Thanks for your TREMENDOUS support to the non-profit community!
I just told somebody there swagg looks looks very lonely and the mall would love a friend.
im taking I. and it doesnt say who is the instructor. it just says "staff"
great first set by azarenka!
Bout to knock out this last lil hour
"I have nightmares about what he does alone, when I'm not lying right next to him." gotta love the fun-old-fashioned-family Griswold Xmas!
Great! So glad you're stopping by! RT : See you shortly!!
Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger helped win Dr. Gräfenberg's release from prison so he could leave Germany in 1940...
hahaha,please,millions of creepier codys out there :p OHYEAHH WHAT DID YOU SAY? Only ONE Daphne Stephanie,THAT'S RIGHT.
you know I gotta ask, are you considering NBA next year?? We are (Q Q) <<-----watching!
"What we focus upon expands." ~Flesymi
This is some lame shit dude
Today, take a look just how much you're spending on your business telecoms. Broadband, calls, lines, systems etc. We can help reduce it!
Ready to go to lunch but kinda early.
if mike Vick is on his game then the #eagles have got this, if the #Giants can get to him then they got it!
great show
how do we submit to perform?
When someone close to u dies... move seats
CALM YOUR BALLS! xD.
ive only honestly truly cared for 2 females in that way in my life & 1 did me soo grimy & the other .things just didnt fall thru right
Have a Crazy house for us to see. E-Mail and we'll post it on facebook!
Shhh. Jim and I decided we'd start trying but we aren't telling anyone really yet.
I'm pretty great right now! What about you?:)
Good morning
I Love the Coca Cola Christmas adverts.
I hope they actually last that long—the "7-year" bulbs don't seem to last 7 months at my house.
«lI miss bein a kid. No responsibilities. My life was wake up, fuck up, go to sleep, and do it all over again... [sighs] goodtimes.»»
"People always think something's 'all' true. " ~Holden Caulfield .... R.I.P. J. D. Salinger
Rest peacefully Phoebe Jacobs. Well done, faithful Jazz General, well done.
when you coming back to town?
Laundry is crazy! I leave it alone for a week & it turns into Jabba the Hut.
The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can ever end. Benjamin Disraeli
Hi, I am a fantasy enthusiast. Who is your favorite author?
Can I borrow someone's name? But it needs to be a guys (for my story)
at conference every1 I spoke 2 abt Motherhood Online liked it Please consider Amazon Google books reviews if U read it and enjoyed Thanks
I'm serious lol
excited to see what you developed!
If you don't realize what you got WHILE you got it..u sure will realize what you HAD when it's GONE
Did you know? If all NYC were as densely populated as the LES in 1903, it would be home to 78 mil -10x today's population!
-- bird's song / left to the world / now it's just the sound of the pine #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
Great my back spasms are getting worse.
sometimes its hard to no if anyone hears me at all. crying out in agony over the pain caused from this stupid carwreck that was 7yrs ago.ugh
Awesome cello and contact improv by Attack Theatre in session on performance informing visual arts.
Trampolines: they make twentysomethings feel like fiftysomethings
Today, July 24 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" hosted by Priscilla Leona | Princess Fortier, KlyMaxx Band | Go to: latalkradio.com | Channel 1
im so nervous.
you know it!
“: Fabian the arabian ” damn skippy with a flying carpet
Thanks for the mention :)
Sittin in my turkey blind. Bring on the birds.
Lol my teachers prolly think im faking being sick since ive been gone so long. They don't even know ..
after a while you realize that not talking to certain people was a god thing (: letting go is great :D
I will be sharing that vote w/ others. 'course I also share she was an earlier endorser of the Romney. And Norquist signer.
ill resend it
yeah. I expected it to run overnight, but the library configs are apparently going to take all day. Probably an overestimate.
"Thor" opening up in theaters everywhere May 6th.
Thanks so much for coming in! Your group was a blast.
Just saw a homemade shirt with Stewie dressed as a black Scarface, captioned: "Nigga Gangsta". Thatz funny as hell.
Just confirmed, thanks #Peterson: that was a Black Vulture eating something in the street for an hour.
shit. In my tired state I just ate harvest cheddar sun chips. Can I get one mishap?
RT "If life hands you lemons... ferment 'em :-)"
girl please
3-car crash on northbound I-225 south of Alameda. No word on injuries.
*I think you mean rotten. But you're fucking disgusting 😂
Great night! Thanks for the fun time!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 26
haha nope i saw that so i was like i wish that was my name
hehehe sorry i saw your post on facebook (:
Fitness Tip by Steve Armstrong: Exercise and Pregnancy - Just because you have a baby on board does not mean that you are done with your...
Getting ready for my 1st day of middle school since I was In surgery recovery wish me luck
Must be nice...
Did you hit your head on something?
i just did the same thing. where were u at?
...right now, I don't miss much at all about #ABQ but my cats. Oceanside, seafood, good friends, breezes, salty beach air
I need a new phone! #daddy!
I hope your week gets better for you. <3
theres ways to get a cable to cassette or CD player and connect an MP3. Love that MP3 is small and hold so much!
If you set fire to LMFAO they'll become ROTFLMAO.
Hot track !!
Studio tonite! What beat should we release a freestyle to ?! RT!
Mr. Tanning Bed
ha! It's a digital marketing seminar I'm at
No harm, no foul, I guess.
Furcal is starting to hit and as he goes, the Dodgers follow.
What is the most common sentence given in the US?
i might just walk out tonight
Let's go crew!
doesn't get drunk - I get awesome!
Fox News Jennifer Griffin, Dancing with the Stars Louis Van Amstel, comic Lisa Ann Walter Wed 5.25 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Just slept 16 uninterrupted hours.
you raised my rates 25% today, I called and was treed like crap. Thanks
I can treat you better then your man can but I guess you like being mistreated
y not
Oh, Scarecrow. No more wild pitches.
That was good! I have those same boots! Lol
Mom: "you wish you had Swag like Me" -_________________-
Notre Dame Tax Assistance is being held at Western Branch on March 1, 8, 22, and 29 at 5:30pm for those with incomes of $40,000 and under.
RIP Donna Summer
I have that conversation atleast twice a week
Funny! I know the feeling....it's odd when you actually can sit in one place on the computer. Have a great day!
Hey : big /news coming this am, stay tuned!
Love is the weapon that kills all evil. ~ #ideation12 (quoting Ugandan man who forgave the man that killed his family)
at least the two before were completely ignorable.
Taking forever to start my makup video blog, to busy editing my other videos..or am I just wasteing time on netflix..you decide.
You'll love it. Congrats! RT : Congrats to our giveaway winner ! She won $30 to from !!!
He got paid big time for the Rush Hours, he's got a supporting role in one movie coming out. I think he's running dry lol
You would be struck by lightning quicker! At his height or mine?
I always get that feeling.
I'll take Things You'd Never Hear in the US Gov't for 500 please, Alex.
When your words are filled with faith, hope and promise, you’ll enjoy the fruit of them. Your words are the seeds to your future!!
so i get out the shower and put clothes on and im wonderin why my outfit not lookin right...and i realize i forgot to put on a bra lmao
TONITE - #Orlando Hottest Happy Hour is at NV Art Bar! No Cover, Strong Drinks & Free Food + Old School HipHop #GoodTimes Doors 8p
Deane Street running the nights here in Portland. I guess no other houses know how to party.
Guy next to me on train is reading "Texas Hold Em for dummies". Not sure if I should invite him to card night or if it's a hustle.
Should be an interesting next 45 minutes.
is Shirley Temple dead or. Theres a freakin commercial always on about her DVD thing and its so annoying. omg.
Let's split a coffee
Make sure to stop by our dealership ;)
Were they down there? I'm going to see them at red rocks tonight!
argh! I weeded @ 4K titles since I entered... Maybe more. Some were gross, many useless.
At any moment, a pancake beast could arise from the waters and piss butter on us all. This is why, at all times, we need cooked lobsters.
woo to the hoo! i can't wait. #hangover3 ;)
After Initiation party success. Now a full AKPsi member :)
Dan Sandin (from his talk today) on the appeal of math in art: "For me, mathematical forms are like walking through a new national park."
Running late, but want my kiss & hug so wait!
Done with class for the semester, grinding out for finals the next couple of days and home in a week.
Happy V Day to you and yours too Ms. Lexy!
Wegmans already sponsors LPGA event. Don't think they will sponsor Watkins Glen International
Loving being with behind the bar before heading to BK to see bestie for a night of theatre
its only right lol
#writing #writers Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. Abraham Lincoln
torrential downpour in virginia fmlll
Interesting how the wealthy often want higher taxes on income (which they already banked, untaxed), but rarely on wealth.
hope your first week went well!! Love and miss you!
you're bad :( I think you do this on porpuse just because u dont want me to sleep #LOL haha I'm very excited about JB2012
yeah so im like wtf??
Thanks for the RT, so kind!
Legendary, as in Bigfoot? Sasquatch? RT Today in #YEG The Legendary Steve Kaplan #Comedy Workshop via
back usual time. Just out checking properties with Jonas
I want to go see think like a man
i need to fuckin party
Supe Karen Gray nodding when testifier says Parkrose has lots of homeless children.
"It's more fun in the Philippines" than in China! LOL
GM ... We must recognize the great capacity we all have within. ~ Dalai Lama
thank you for the shout out. we are excited to be riding a new wave.
lol Good Morning to you too <3
I demolish my bridges behind me...then there is no choice but to move forward. - Firdtjof Nansen
Enjoyed your presentation on YouTube from "the other company's" tech conference. You always have great material. Come to ABQ soon
You doing yourself wrong, stop living in a fantasy,the world don't revolve around you
Oy, even getting ready for Copenhagen is expensive.
Do it!
I am putting together a webinar on historic photographs and their care and identification. I would welcome input and ideas.
cool, can't wait to have my glass of wine there in July
what questions do you have for about #youthprivacy, social media, and programs to educate young people about #privacy?
they didnt allow autographs :( i was going to have her sign my shirt :( n no other ppl did loll
WI GAB to certify all GOP recall elections including for Governor Scott Walker by March 30, then Primary on May 8 and June 5 for General.
How does one apply?
Pitt’s Katz School of Business and College of Business Administration Named Among Top ‘Military Friendly’ Schools for Third Consecutive Year
Thanks for joining us! Lotsa good juice indeed!
How excited I was getting talking on the phone with & about this weekend >>>
At Texas children hospital kid mad at his mom because he is short. Talking loud n rude to his mom. Needs a Slap
but my manager wont let me he says its a stupid idea
Does sTime know Zuckerberg's background and who he screwed to get that award? Who got paid off?
Another day@ the beach 68 st
the 99% only own 1% of the country's wealth but we still own 99% of the vote, and yet we do nothing, sit on our asses and complain.
Don't know about cold, but pain-yeah. Killed my lats w/24 sets of pyramid'd pulldowns. Hurt to put on deodorant. :p
I want something more and something different..
Safety Pins holding up the things, that make you Mine. ♥ About your hair you needn't care, you look Beautiful all the Time.
Agility is the new Stability
I'm with 4 guys at lunch. Three of the dudes are dads, who started this topic, are discussing breast feeding and it's culture. Too funny!
Due to the weather, we are CLOSED again today (Sunday). Sorry, everyone, we know how much you enjoy First Sunday. cc
hm... Learn something new every day
Fire chief reminds residents of rules for outdoor fires in city
ok i gotta ask, does coconut juice taste like the shredded coconut u get in stores??
I wanna goo home.
Our flaws are what make me and you so beautiful.
I'm still mad that the Salvatore brothers aren't Italian like they were in the books. Can you imagine Paul and Ian with light accents? *_*
I write because I want people to think about some things differently.
3rd run did score.
: great to see you sitting in front of me at #googleplus session! Gotta engage the #roots12!
Dead serious. Confession: I only took 1yr. of typing & flunked. Then dropped out of school in 9th grade. Mercy!
Thanks for the follow(: i followed you back(:
just realized I haven't been out to see the new place. How's it going?
Already missing the cast & crew. It's such an honor to be included with such a talented group of people. I'm grateful to all
how do you like Aweber?
after the beating he took on Boston radio yest. I would hope that jackass Henry tells him enough is enough with beating rivalry
Good point about modern interpretation. Appreciate the idea!
looking to speak with Reporters / Bloggers interested in Interviewing president of SoftInWay re: Turbomachinery Market Trends & Innovations
Did you become a Kylie fan/friend after 'Cut'?
RT : Thank god. Nothing says "we're here to protect you" like "if you record me doing my job I'll arrest you."
That brown sugar lovin' being brought to my door, what!
Florida after sunset is bliss.The heat is still baked in so anyone who leans against me jumps away like I just shocked them.
Won't you join us on instagram? Username: MarkShale.
Happy (almost) Anniversary!!
atheism is sweet
Find films, stage productions, concerts and poetry readings April 17-22 in Erie region
Thanks for the head's up!
Some things do not pass away. RT Just saw Tree of Life for the 4th time. Spectacular as ever. And only 2 walkouts!
about to go and relieve some stress
eHAt kind ofs sister are you not answrong my test!!!!
Just wanna sleep ~_~ z I hate bein sick.
Internet Tip: Don't read your old Facebook messages. If you're a younger person like me, the grammar and spelling will make you have a sad.
I mean....entertain me. Dang I can't even type correctly
Sorry for posting this so late, but the memorial service for Susie Mudd is being held today at 3 at Peaceful Alternatives, 2325 York Rd.
#follow follow meh
Ugh did he hit you specifically, too? Sorry :( Yeah I had to delete well over 100 jerky messages from him.
You spend the first 2 years of kids life teaching them to walk and talk. Then spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shut-up.
Yep its me pary
Who is my fan? If u r Tweet me saying yes and I'll DM u my txt free number!!
...she goes extra hard!
On the moon with Steve.
use location services on iphone and request by lat/long. Using autoip on mobile is a privacy violation, and why it doesnt work
Imma be under the dryer for ever
I can't thank you guys enough. Very helpful.
Dude i know they make me feel all insecure and shit, :c like fuck i have flaws, but don't fucking point them out, i got chuu c:
...and equate that with fighting to see the Beatles when it'd be easier to just see the Swinging Blue Jeans. Isn't that your point?
The Justin beibers boy fans. Lmao get a life.
Spot our street team at Dupont Circle today and ask them about our special #EarthDay sign up deal!
Haven't tweeted in a week. It's 'cause I'm still eating leftovers.
Everybody on the shuttle put their seatbelt on. I don't really want to and now I'm getting the sideways looks.
greater wrong was at the vic, wasnt it?
It's crazy how I'm zipping through the songs on my iPod and when I come across a 1D song I just can't skip it.... #onedirection <3
Working my biz online today, drinking Earl Grey tea & eating cookies, it's my birthday today, I don't feel older, THANK GOODNESS for that...
Mark May you were right. It was a lopsided game, only WVU came out on top with the record for most points in a bowl game.
Another local favorite on the field - the Avon Marching Black and Gold.
I now officially luff you <3
I'm going to get so fucking lost, I don't know north addresses for shit lol
2:10 and am touching the Uptown Apple store. Shade gone, last 20 ft tough. 15 peeps to go. Line vibe tired. Come back Jimmy Johns.
not more historic.
time to make this math exam my bitch. oh and then I'm DONE WITH MATH FOREVER.
Thanks for the RT! Would love to hear your thoughts on the site.
Better Know A Buckeye: Jordan Hall | Our Honor Defend
My baby sis turned 22 today...shes grown up to be a nice lady. Where did the years go
Mr. Stark! How are you? Where are you?
you can pay at the door.. im sure you can find someone to bring you bro
#newtgingrich: "this is not a choice between #mittromney and #ronaldreagan"... Not a flowery endorsement, but supportive
Her gorgeous shakes me to the bone.
Yes, yes, YES! RT Start MOVING! Pretty self explanatory. In order to burn up the squish, you need to get your "engine" burning.
What a save by Lundqvist!
Thanks for the follow!
Has Obama said "Don't pay attention to the man behind the curtain" yet? They are causing the financial problem. Focus on your own talents
You too darling!!
thanks love
Thanks for the #FF!
Mucho gracias to for sponsoring this years #idea10 & the party last night. Thank you for your continued support.
Tom Hanks kept yelling at me in the halls today.
Followers you should follow this crazy ugly guy..he's crazy so follow him
uh, that didn't work out so well :)
Great job! :)
if you had more pictures like that I would read this A LOT more=-)
Love doesn't walk away... People do.
RT : Even a small amount of alcohol placed on a scorpion will make it go crazy and sting itself to death.
I would forward this to Samantha but I'm not allowed to know her twitter name. Thanks for the memories :-)
lol ya, my day has sucked balls. worst birthday ever
Also, you should check out right nextdoor after Pintxo. It's our sister bar, w/great cocktails & beer/wine list
Hannah, you are making a difference with your written words. Keep it up! #stopbullying listen to They Say on our youtube
and who still made more points? Shut up aahaha you are still dumb coach green
please follow Latoya! Bringing hope and joy to thousands of homeless children in Vegas!
my mom thinks.you're so cute hahaha :P
We will be in the mix all over the city this week. Hit us up for details.
It's going to be 77 here in Southern AZ. Great day to grill some CHICKEN! - Tucson Citizen It 's going to be 77 here in Southern AZ. Grea
its $10 but its food and drank and slides and stuff*were at?
So the only arbitrator in MLB history to overturn a suspension gets fired? Way to promote a culture of fairness
I usually serve a fruity white with my tomatoes actually. we'll have to have you over during the harvest.
Does EVERYTHING Altuve does have to be prefaced by 'although he's a small guy...' FOREVER?
damn, nice seats Steve!
She'll / he'll use you like a paper plate. Eat off you & thro you in the trash.
I'm so full
Had a goodnight on Skype with the babe. Hope his dog will be ok when he takes her to the vet tomorrow. Off to bed soon.
I have the best landlady. She just brought by some almonds and cookies to have with my tea. Perfect for this weather.
. & his charm + competitive fire will lead to a title for the LA Dodgers sooner than later. Guy one of great leaders ever.
I shall have more experiences and pass many more milestones
Heading to the gym shortly. EXCITED for the changes I'll be seeing over the next few weeks!
my aunts live in Decatur- it's such a fun place!
Well at least she/he was a man of his word! BTW- at least the pan is 14" instead of 16" like the thin :)
It's too early in the series to talk about Keyon Dooliing.
thanks for following both accounts. Between the two, there should be something to inform/entertain.
- Comon man - Don't encourage him - ego is big enough already
oh ok cool thanks! I was wondering how other gov people were getting around that
really awesome! I kind of LOVE it.
selena yuh an amzin actor singer i luv yuh yur my idol my role my whole world it wil lmake my dream come true if yuh followed ^
Trying to choose a reading for this long weekend, any recommendation?
you're the bomb!!!!
that may be a fact :)
Well pardon me! And what a fine looking dog you are :) Will you accept my apology of beaucoup de treats next time you're in WA?
You haven't lived until you've died in California!
getting a political lesson in Spanish.. 😏
i went to your concert here in sd;) it was supercool!!! Rt #maaayyybbbeee??
Happy Valentines Day <3
yet holding on....hope you are well.
Oh ok, I totally understand. U don't mind if I copy and paste that cause it was nothing but truth...
received and spread the word?? I want it to be big!
Jesus made me crave Olive Garden's bread -_______- now I want some ctfuu ^.^
Down for day one . Is a life time achievement in its own . That goes out to you homeboys ! Keep the music alive !
its been the first time i heard u guys sing and ur awesome i like the justin bieber boyfriend one
How Did Angel Die? :( And iM So Sorry
Thanks for the retweet!
It's very nice of you to retweet me! Austin and the gang were over the moon! best wishes, Stuart
it was my first bar was amazing :)
RT : Our very own was named one of the top 10 advertising icons of the decade! Thanks, !
Houston, Tx all day everyday
Calipari on next yr "For some reason we’ll be ranked very high again .. I don’t know if they do that to get me or make it hard on our kids."
RT Is spinning with a head cold a bad idea? I'm choosing to believe exercise when sick is a good thing.
I want my laptop charger to come in the mail... why is hong kong so far away? :(
“: Major Payne never gets old” One TubbyTubby..... Two Tubby Tubby....
Maybe ask Mellon. *Excellent* technical resumes from ladies in their CS program this week for
RWers think being gay is a preference. Maybe they think being poor & uneducated is a choice, too?
Don't forget your incredible beer. Want. Want so much...
nice avatar u put it together?
Was just told by another woman that she (really) thought I was in my late twenties. She is now my favorite person.
our pleasure. Keep us in mind for your next event. We will return the favor of course ;)
do you think the NFL would be able to come to a agreement before time is up
Another million dollar green roof project bid went out this week. Wish they would give us more time on these giant RFP's. 2013 will be busy!
Who has guitars on their Christmas list? #This Christmas
will u plz #follow me for my birthday i love u so much & want u to know that me and the other #Mahomies r proud of u <3
really fucking funny. It's almost funny as 1. But I like this one a lot case you know them already and shit just gets good.
Absolutely! Congrats on the award it was a great event!
San Antonio is so beast !!!(:
you know what they say.. "all serial killers come from wisconsin"
I'm not. But it's rather infuriating to see young women leaders "leaving before they leave." (As Sheryl Sandberg suggests.)
ik... but the good newes is we Burried them in there grave
No one and I mean no one should be homeless. There is so much wealth in this beautiful World of ours
#excited RT : In case you forgot, NFL playoffs are on tomorrow: Bengals at Texans @ 3:30pm; Lions at Saints @ 7pm.
There is no appropriate time to use the ^=^ emoticon. Unless you're a texting duck. I'll refrain from tweeting about bread crumbs anyway.
H.O.E.S - "HAPPILY OFFERING EVERYBODY SEX"
I told her you have a nice ass!
tell her they sting so that no one will hurt them. for protection.
Magical Midway tonight! ^_^
You have a grand total of 2 tweets.
“: This should be open because it's civil rights... this is the nineties.”
Arrived in Vale, OR last night. Phew! I've been walking each day since Madras! That's a long haul! Staying here 2 nts then into Idaho!
Havent been on this in a while.
jionni is going to get jealous..
good good! You?
That's awesome! I play any type of games Horror, sports, shooters, RPG, puzzle, Open-World etc. ;)
Thank you so much for the mention, but in order for me to send you your free song, you need to follow me so I can dm it to you
While it is cold that still wont stop me from drankn a frozn margarita!!
RT : Success is not a solo act. To get from here to where you want to go, you need other people.
Pshhhh nah man, I love you more
How chill??? So chill
"I'm not the average girl from your video, I ain't built like a super model, but I learned to ❤ myself unconditionally because I am a queen"
I think you both have a lot of great information and great ideas. I thought it might not hurt to connect!
Keeping a smile on your face, When inside you feel like dying, for the sake of supporting others, ...means strength
Want to congratulate one of our future Huskies on winning a state title today is his second title game appearance. We are proud of you.
Rumor has it that Leyland is in house Section 108 has seeds for ya Jim.
I weighed in and gained 1.5 lbs.
o fun
I will now...thanks for the tip!
I wanna wave hello to my new fans!!! =) thanx for the <3 n support!!
Shot Chug
There were some clueless, confused, brainwashed drivers on the road today. Must be tourists here from North Carolina :-)
NEVER GOT THE CHANCE TO SEE 106&PARK WHEN WAS ON.. #WONDERING. SEEN ER ON UTUBE DOING HER THANG! FREESTYLES GOHARD!
- what's up with that, Megan?
ha wait.. Are you saying I don't have a heart
#Brewers and #Heat loss...smh :-(
NEW ENGLAND DEF/ST CURRENT DEFENSE AND SPECIAL TEAMS
Some Game
I can get you a ride to my house...? That's about the best I can do.
1960s legend Jimmy Cliff covering Ruby Soho, Bob Dylan, and The Clash on his new EP? If it can't help you though the workday nothing can..
Had an awesome trip to Cali this weekend. We're looking forward to writin new tunes and playin more shows in the very near future.
the words of encouragement are well needed.
tell me what you know 'bout them night terrors. nothin'.
By all means feeling exhausted.
You got some sick shit too Girl! Wheres ya credit at??;)
thanks for the RT Mike. | What a day - again! This summit seriously rocks!! :)
While at the Winter Farmers Market check out the NFL Super Bowl Indy car on stage next door at the Palladium.
My roommate always has visitors, no one ever comes to see me :(
Then get ready to be extra confused/annoyed by "owling." I'd like to start a fad, called "reading".
- God know what's his doing .. Ah why em I forced to do this Joel why >_< okay fine ill do it :D lol
come home please. You are missed.
advertising Nike shoes :)
Will be w/ Baroody cousins Friday night Mt. Vernon any plans to check out ?
oh my GOD, Karen you just can't go around asking people why they're white.
"Go where your audience is. It's not about the platform; it's about the people." Sloane Scott
There's just certain ppl u can't deal with
What cameos can we anticipate at big bash on Sunday?..
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 48
that looks yummy
LMFAAAOOOO ! Daddy Blaze doe .
Unfortunately, that will always be the case. There's plenty of us around town to befriend though.
Did anyone hear us on 92.3's Nola Rocks last night?
I love the fact that Nick says he smells good! Lol I want to know what smell. :D
“: thank you coach you are the best ...I thank GOD for you!!!!” Thank you for being a true blessing in my life
Now that's grown folk talk! AND VERY SWEET! Peace. : )
Great night here at Fairmont hotel and for a great cause
First half - Quad Squad 167 Res Dolls 120
Blood of my Blood! MOSLEY!!!
Rachel crow was fantastic!...
It's my friend Steph's birthday, so I either wanted to do an assorted cupcake tier or a cake for her on Saturday.
yes juju cakes :)
Working on more new material. Song called "Freedom" It's a jam for sure.
i like it it a god show
Oxy mo: barely dressed
Now we're moving, best supporting comedy actor is Ty Burrell of Modern Family -- an early sweep.
Soupy talks alot of shit on his friends in like every song
Looking forward to checking out Il Mulino tonight.
YOu're expecting a feedback form for ChemSpider Mobile? Leave the comments on here for me and
Oh and "amazeballs"!!!!!! WTF?! Shame on you eonline...shame.
"I don't have a dirty mind... I have a sexy imagination."
#wheneverimbored repeat silly phrases to my self like "chicks with dicks"
It's one of the "add a Bogost 'How to Do Things' chapter" finals. My idea was tragedy in games, but I'm going to have to back up.
ur back ground pic ugly ...... bitch stop playn wit me
Love it. To be fair, though, the origin of the quote is from philosopher Edmund Burke. But, I'll still enjoy the props.
You're mean. :o
I don't
I am so excited and feel very lucky you two will be there on May 19!
just did it.
#HONORED, thanks!
thinks in Takei
Over 300 submissions so far today for the Crimson Music Video shoot. Director- assistant director- ThirteenE
Walking down the street im tired of driving
I miss
Feelin a Triple Crown this year
That is correct! I big #ShoutOut to the US Cellular crew on the West side!
Awesome!!! :D
It is not a coincidence that BElieve in YOUrself has a shorter message hidden within it....BE YOU! Today, I strengthen my belief in myself.
absolutely have not.
Do I want to know? "If you or someone you know is good with cymbals, can keep a secret, and doesn't ask a lot of questions, please intro me
Kickin' it in Little Rock.
Taking bets if I make it back to DC tonight.. Anyone?
Somethings gotta give.
This has got to be the most amazing story of the year, thank goodness all of the miners are out safe and sound!
!! TONIGHT !! NEW FRIDAY NIGHT PARTY @ MANGO MARTINI IN MIAMI LAKES!!! FREE PATRON SHOTS FOR ALL MY LADES..!!!
But how am I supposed to know you're not a Cylon?
must stay away from twitter. No HBO and too many #trueblood spoilers. Dammit.
2pac, Biggie, Andre 3000, Big L, Max B, Kanye West, Ice Cube, Jadakiss, Lauryn Hill, Gemini's make make good rappers
when i'm married my husband will have to put up christmas lights all over the yard! i love christmas time!
Rumors are everywhere. Will Virginia seced? I pray for the country.
So I ask an old lady today how she was doing and she reponds "wet"...so not fuckin kool man lmaoo
Happy Mother's Day! Bring her in today and get a free appetizer!
Tomorrow: phase 1 of moving! Fingers crossed the plan goes off without a hitch.
SO DEPRESSED im not going to summer jam to see :'(
yeah that's good stuff. Always have some when we're up for Cardinals games
Let's hear from you, Morehouse alums! After you make your gift today, send a Tweet and let the world know!
Really hope when I go to game 5 I don't see the last game of the flyers season!!
Look like I'm crashing the Senior Breakfast!! Muhahaha 😉
"My heart bursts its banks, spilling beauty and goodness. I pour it out in a poem to the King, shaping the river into words." Psalm 45:1
RT : RT : The best relationships are those that just happen naturally. :)
I'm so bored
Half a day into the tournament & my bracket ranks 5,662,294 on ESPN
Lol@ Kobe getting "sick" at least once every year in the playoffs
tala :)) like my name follow me backk
of course, email me at Thanks!
#ThatDepressingMoment when you realize people really think that a #Romney Presidency could actually make the country better.
Ugh this hair lady is sassy
Can see the astroid 2005 YU55 from my house. Looks like a bright star, and moving fast.
Wow, that is awesome! I think I'll get one for my little Nikon.
“: Thank you for bringing even more soul to Urayasu Girl!! You nailed the chorus!!” Easy 2do w such sweet song
We miss you. :(
;) thanks, lady!
*sigh* Ok, ok. You're probably right.
Guest room *might* get used twice a year... but it just seems weird to have both in the same space.
you make everything better. I love you.
Come Visit Our New Selections.
RT : #TabernaDelAlabardero #Washington in collaboration with #DeMaisonSelections celebrates the Basque Country Month....
feeling good thanks to my
Congrats, Jon!
Great to see 2 NYC Turing fellows at #startup2011, perfect way to kick off their startup summers in NYC! Thanks
Its about to be on and poppin
We need someone to oversee protocol to avoid these embarrassing events.
WHAT'S TOMORROW?!!!??? (freaking FRIDAY) So, G'Night everyone...Survive one more day. xD Ba bye.
Watched the musical Les Miserables for the 1st time. Saddened by its resemblance to current events. "Can You Hear The People Sing..."
#producer is the new black
I stubbed my toe earlier.
Beliebers Are Excited For Boyfriend..yeah! :D.
Studio went well. Been a long day
Let's go we making move out here AngelGE video of show coming soon
Lets Go Caps!
The kiddo is making up superheroes -- I think she might have something with Spiderbatman.
Oh hey, nice bra.
I do think folks forget how damn dominate his was b4 baseball - Kobe,Bron, etc still diff level
Not knowing when the dawn will come, I open every door. - Emily Dickinson. Rise and shine, yogis!
Plenty of time to vote! Head to the polls next 24 minutes! Questions? Call 1-866-OUR-VOTE
If obama is half white and half black do we have "it" in black and white?
omg i hate rachel #somethingborrowed predicting the movie with
#Butcher, Side Jobs. noir urban fantasy shorts featuring wizard Harry Dresden, plus a novella set after Changes that cracks open the door.
I like this.
Feature release. I've got nothing. How lovely.
Great photo!
party party party tonight ?!
nice imagery
listenin to Rich Forever. The mixtape is crazy!!!!!!!!!!! Can't wait for the new album
OchoCinco/Shaq and other wealthy ppl drive them to show off their wealth
looks like it's going to be heatin' up around here, Pittsburgh!
Pictures of James Franco from the graduation on tumblr = me throwing a fit.asdfghjkl,ugh :c
A tweep was recently mentioning a new book on Tesla they were reading… sadly, i lost the note of which book (& which person).
I really don't boyfriend-JB...it's kinda dumb and just blehh.
work till 6 then music later on.
say main.. That barrel has a hole in it. I don't even risk them anymore. We need to show up on Brice and get a space.
Long hair don't care. I'm letting my mane grow!! Wahhooo!!
Hey can you follow my personal twitter? I made this one for Lauren & Carrie fans :)
Lil ass nugget chasing me.
whelp ill never get those 2:39 back..
Good morning tweeple
I didn't even realize this was happening. SO excited!
My main present were boots and then I got some cash and some stocking stuffers and jewelry..wht did u get?!
Enjoyed your Magic of Doing One Thing at a Time article!
Watching the lion king
What a Duck needs in gardening is a cast-iron back, with a hinge in it. #replaceawordinafamousquotewithduck - Charles Dudley Warner
actually would be kindof awesome to have multi-player augmented reality games with these
we killed it, that was the most productive half hour convo ever!
we both do...itll come
Do you think things?
all right, let's touch base Monday and see what we can do! Cheers
Lets get it!
why are you there then? Lol
Somehow I don't think many people knew about the word "segue" until the Segway came along.
thanks for the RT. Looking forward to seeing you at
Son is staying hydrated at his baseball game with Pineapple ...much better than Gatorade!
So...many...tiny...sandwiches...
Hitting the weights 💪💪💪 #VickSounds got me in the zone
THIS IS LOVELY!
Happy birthday to !
Really well! So much fun!!
Gotta love Mamie she bought me a braclet for me!! (:
Drive safe!!
ooh! That'd be awesome! I think the last time a #spokane act was at was in 08?
#nowplaying Always Attract - You Me At Six.<3
Ready to get the day started!
please check the WP Austin meetup for a message from me
Dear sleep, quit playing hard to get
Just want to add how excited we are to offer bands the full spectrum of mobile marketing - web, apps, and marketing campaign tools.
I refuse to believe that won't somehow be involved.
How do you add "chispa" to your business?
love the trailer. will i see you at tonight?
Much love family! RT : Happy birthday shoutout one time for the homie !!! Enjoy your day bro!
Gearing up for the holidays!
Thx & for the mom's day shout-outs; better than I got frm my kids ;-( Hope you had a gr8 day! Have a good week
#ImCashingOut #JaeSwag sounds out of breath, tied-tongued and nervous, but I like that song!!! That's my jam!
The beginning is always today. Today IS the first day of my life.
#DarrenFordIsSoFast he makes the Ford GT look like a soap box car!
Parenting is a rollercoaster ride, isn't it?
My vagina, not yours
awww, you are very brave!
Opened LONG $USDJPY @ 83.405; 5% of the community volume is trading the USDJPY with sentiment 26% SHORT
Someone come massage my feet and back. Please?
I wish!! Lol ill settle for roundup.
O shoot, my stripper song is on the jukebox
alright fer sure sweetheart see ya tomorrow morning <3
The new Nissan quest looks strange, like a stretched out flex. Odd shape for a minivan. Just saying.
knowing you don't.
I'm going on my break, but it's been great chatting with you all!
there used to be a personal one: the McBee Keysort system!
The #Arts celebrate our #culture,create economic opportunities,#educate our citizenry&enhance our lives.Pls take time to
woo! :) great album!
There was so many damn attractive guys at cornyval <3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRLY! :)
I hate you all. Goodnight
We are booking the band! Stay tuned to find out where you can see us! What country songs would you like to see covered???
Now Yakov's dinner show!
enjoy life
HoeLies #60: I like your beard.
Happy Mother's Day to my mom, my sister, & all mothers out there. Enjoy your day...
i used ask.fm to ask miley a couple questions and she freaks out at least who ever was there that is.if it was here.
holy shit today was amazing, I just spent a lot of money. I always do at bamboozle though.
time will tell. This has turned into a bit of a sh*t show one must admit.
I did for Photoshop but the 3D work I'm doing is RAM-intensive :-)
When I'm on my deathbed, am I going to be saying, "I wish I'd eaten fewer cookies"? Hell no I'm not.
Maybe I should go to the gym...not sleeping anyways
just saw Lockout. Pierce makes that movie. had a terrible cg chase scene but other than that i had a fun time. he had me laughing through
Wordd we out say no more and
Guess I should get ready for bed cause I know the dog and boy will have me up at 7am!!
with my chargers! haha.
I wish ESPN played more of their classic NFL Draft music. Should be injected throughout the show.
I am a plus-sized girl myself, so when I found Lara, a
Amar'e and Fields have to go after this season. Not sure if we can accomplish that, but would be nice.
