aw what
Damn tomorrow's Friday already!
Check expiration dates on food, medicine, sunscreen and batteries.
RT : inBed.me and Triptrotting are throwing a #party for #backpackers at Hostelling International NY...
Wow. This officiating sucks. How do you miss the net being off the moorings for that long?
got you.
Im tired of seeing these beautiful woman with these ugly ass face tattoos.
“People come into your life for a reason, a season, or a lifetime." <3
OH WELL. I wanted Nat but you didn't let me so it's me & Alex woohoo
Great message today at Waters Edge Frisco still makes me think, as parents have we done what we can to pass His legacy on to our kids?
thank you for coming and sharing with us great moments, hope to see you back soon.
This Nigga Shall Now Wear The Name Of Little Brother Again.
poked me, y'all know what that means.
So welcome! Love having everyone there!
Welcome to the office, Look forward to getting to know you more
love you too man!
I like the new studio a lot better, its more streamlined than the switchboard, good job guys
#AAM2011 Online fever session: UVic: reading and writing skills are *critical* for all participants in online progs
Best radio voice? from Somehow makes the most obscure econ trend actually engaging! No contest.
I mean I'm a good ass woman. Smh, i catch feelings way to fast.
#TerrificNews to hear this Monday morning It shows that one doesn't have to even leave there house to
awww you just got some points..lol
loved the segment Penny Griffith had on NPR this morning, keep up the great work and if we can help is here!
Since I'm not at the concert, I'm gonna listen to drake and act like hes here spiritually.
IT'S SNOWING!!! :D
- What does the application schedule look like? What do you look for in potential applicants?
Just watched literally three minutes of #TopChefMasters & started crying. That proposal was the sweetest thing I've ever seen.
i can barley see my phone -____-
Just been watching movies the past few hours.
I'm intrigued....
thanks! We should catch up soon too
So I just found out im an inverted person but then again I don't talk alot because it ain't nothin worth my time to converse about it
The greater your capacity to love, the greater your capacity to feel the pain.-- Jennifer Aniston
The shins radio on pandora ehile editing and finishing final projects.
"What are you reading today?" - to
No, actually, that would be nice.
Thanks for the #FF! Happy Friday :)
all angels lets request #SOLISTEN on all the radio stations! great songs deserve to be heard!!!
"Forty year old virgin" or "Fifteen and preganant" can't decide.
Deal with it!
iHate the feeling of being played,</3 You Can't Trust Any Guys these days their All the same. u.u
then just skip the gym. You're fine. :)
had a really great time serving with #wewillgoministries this morning and thanking God for such a beautiful day :))
haha oddly enough I choose to believe ironing clothes while on is of course normal behavior for folks like us.
I love my gays! Always put me in the best mood.
Happy Easter!
Respect all things that are placed upon this earth - whether it be people or plant
SHORT ROAD TRIP 2 C DAT UNGRATE......BUT IT WAS WORTH IT...SINCE MET HIM ON DA HIGHWAY......CATCH ME IF U CAN.....
Are you ever to old to have a crush on someone?
Yes! I mean obviously I would pin along but it would be helpful if some others joined in on the fun.
it's confirmed 8 out of 9 people that stayed at my house over New Years ended up getting the flu... UGH!
and some people arent mean anymore
the nursing supervisor.
makes me go "fuck, this dude is to good, ill never make it" but at the same time say "this fool gives me straight motivation"
Same to you!
Yes, I find change is very exciting.
Thanks for following Eyefunc. Please introduce yourself! #TwitterLove ~
yeah we do buddy someone's elses sugar is sweeter
Reading the Weiner headlines, I take it?
lol craigslist will be no different a week from now people find way around restrictions or just go to another site.
I'm trying to go big before I'm possibly let go hahahaha
I'm not sure :o google it lol bc i don't take pain meds :/
have fun!!
Hawkeye hoodie in the Student Center! Gwaan turn dis day on its head.
DM your email…got a little treat for you.
#nw Friday Night Lights on the bus an staying out of this rain and cold
Implement blogging into your eCommerce marketing efforts to reach more people and grow your eCommerce store
Sale day today! 50% OFF nearly all items! 7020 Huntley Rd, Bldg D, Columbus, OH (Worthington area).
Don't despair. The Reds can score 9 today, but if you have 10 cups of Old Style, WE win!
I know I need a vacation when I start pretending the shower head is a waterfall...
RT Academics in 2012: You use that Twitter thing? Really? // These would be funnier if they weren't so true.
My daughter is the one w/CM. As of right now, no syringo. How are you doing?
well there's that, but that phrase will get added to your search history + may provide results you'll wish you didn't find
adorable photo!
Run hard, be strong, think big! – Percy Cerutty
I wrote you back on insta but i didn't mention you so you will never see it unless I tell you
How beautiful and strange that it was named directly to you moments after I completed it
because she was pissing me off
Anyone ever use Twitter's #lazyweb feature? Any value in it?
Havin some CHUUUUUUUU'CH In the car... To much fun.
Yes after owning a restaurant I am very particular about where I eat. I watch everything and everyone. And w/my gallbladder I 1/2
Very nice!
Thx Bro! I know U will Break Legs 2!!!
im that nigga in the left lane with no turning signal;))
Why the hell did justin tweet he's glad to be back in Canada when he's in Florida at Selena's concert.....
I really really really don't understand what goes through #oomf's head..
Charlie Sheen. U winning
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements can define acceptable terms for both spouses on any stressful topic.
Austin's mentions are filled with animal sounds. haha
Good stuff! “: What do you know, an show tonight.”
All you must do is sit down and order.
Thanks for lunch! Definitely honored to be a part of community.
I'm around all afternoon, come before 5pm!
thats great news congrats.. Hope the job is fun & keeps u wanting to work lol
Happy Thanksgiving from the Fresh Coast Classic! We're thankful for all of our supporters!!
I don't know your girlfriend's twitters, but let them know I appreciate them and not to break your hearts.
I really like trucks, okay.
not gonna lie...I like that I see myself everytime I see your tweets hahaha
Chief Chief Chief Chief
Follow for me please :D thank you
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND We love you and RNG :) It would mean so much if your did! ;) <3
I'm certain that Holly will be the next person voted off #Idol that was way too pitch-e like the rest of her songs she ha performed.
ha I do like... 2/5, unless coffee counts as breakfast...
i love cupcakes, <3 :)
im thinkin of writtin a story about kids in high school tell me wat u guys think kk if i shld or shldnt hmm hmm
after seeing Grace, I think I shall fly to San Francisco and rob a bank.
Ruijssennaars concludes lecture. Many were in attendance; more between 50-75.
Work.. Check you lovely followers out ✌
Thanks 4 the fabulous firkin & thanks & Rob 4 representing Long Island & not 4gettin' da burgh
Any1 in my t/l feel close to the issue of supporting blind/low vision teens? Know someone who does? I know of a great opp. DM me. Pls RT.
#ThoughtsFromWatchingHistoryChannel's Rise of the Third Reich: An idea isn't always right just because a majority agrees with it.
ah just missed you guys.
holla at me for #edit or #mix work.
NITE NOTE FAMOUS PEOPLE THAT TALK TO ME!!!!! if only lady gaga would.......
Again, it's large enough to provide needed expansion, yet not nearly large enough to have an environmental impact
gotcha idk all of them
Its amazing cause my whole life ive taken care of everyone and the one time i just need a hug i become the plague. Fuck that.
Why do I always do something amazing when no one`s watching?
thank you! :)
Thanks but it is actually I just RTed.
Do you want me, or do you want me dead?
hi tryin 2 reach Juliana Rojas 2 participate n 3rd Beyond Borders:Diversity in Cannes Filmmaker Symposium. i know ur her partner
Awesome that it's being addressed - thanks for your work.
Only one serious fail out of five experiments in infusing liquor. Still better with hot sauce.
Other than to simply stop destroying lives to make the hardware. We could have the technology without the greed
I love America. I don't love that sticking up for under-represented () is equated to sticking up for bullies ().
sermon tonight from at was amazing! really hit home
We Share Somethinn So Common
thanks for the prompt answer..
Love my Jaclyn!! :)
I want to rescind my view of that video.
Check out They are doing some amazing things regarding point clouds and photogrammetry!
Thinking about a lot of things
No problem! Have a great Friday!
I realize more and more everyday that I should leave things in God's hands.
Good article, thanks for posting!
Thanks for the mention, Janis.
what did Chaz say to you?
He Betta hurry home b4 I change my mind
Ok changing my mind now I wanna go to ihop. Some damn body betta call me
it would be funny if the people got super pissed
iPad 3 arrived two weeks early from Verizon.
We can do the same with Bengals jerseys...kinda sorta. White and black have some orange but not a ton!
Brian's Johnson and fucking Golden Axe are playing a FREE show tonight at PJs! Can you believe it?!?
A Jedi is always on time. Unfortunately, the senate is our to lunch. Blast!
RT The thing that will keep you up at night is imagining who will play Meryl Streep in the biopic of Meryl Streep.
You talking nonsense so imma put my music on & zone you out
I don't like DST. Wish Indy would go back to the way it was.
I'm so tired...
Wedding planners...duh! is trying to keep America employed here...lol :)
lmao my cousin is stupid!!!!
OH: "Isn't any herpes too much herpes?"
Yea yea its sour time
I'll never forget that shocking moment in FL infamy. NRA's Marion Hammer was evilly grinning over Jeb's shoulder. *shudder*
Damn straight
check your phone...
We just turned 16! To celebrate, we're giving 16% off for the rest of March. Mention that you saw it online.
I have officially been told that after last Tuesday and this Thursday I will be considered proffesional,whatever that means
You really are 5 steps ahead :)
In my eyes only #GoodThingsInTheWorld happen to bad people! and all the bad things happen to good people!
Follow our youth
Love that Populazzi's on your list! Thanks! Also, u will LOVE Hunger Games -- so amazing!!!
Graduate today!!!
Sorry Mike, can't. Watching kids that night.
Good morning everyone!
Creepy crawling ticks.......some also about the size of the periods in this tweet
I've got a justin.b 2012 calender and now that some months have been I'm wondering if ishould cut them out or wait till dec RT if ishould nw
uhg i hate my moms sometimes..:/
Has anyone seen the equivalent, or adaptation, of the flipped classroom concept used for business new hire training?
I <3 bass players :) do u play in a band?
We will also be live tweeting and blogging from #educationalaccess #NPEA2012 . Stay tuned!
When They Get Snapped On , Bet They Won't Do It Again .
Need to clean my shotgun, I only wish I knew how to clean it. The only advice I've gotten is not to look down the barrel...
RIP Sami. Love n miss u baby girl<3
A ridiculous amount of fashion & beauty bloggers are attending our social media lounge. Don't miss our Collective: Exhibition Trunk Show!
Damn! I forgot the kids asked me to come and help them in class -__-
My timeline is dead.
It is going to be a big caffeinated green tea kind of morning.
wanna chat on skype??
but high life is a multi-cultural beer... You're not your.
Hello Guys!
See ya later UConn
Jennifer Anniston and Gerard Butler are amazingly funny in the movie The Bounty Hunter, which I had the privilege of working on
I didnt think having a half black half white president would stir up the murky ugly race issues in America...Boy was I wrong... 
Email would be great. I can distill any feedback and post it to forums and/or errata.
BREAKING: shows up to work. Told me he wasn't me. I LOL'd. Told that whipper snapper to get back to work!
Layin here cuddled up with my blankie Sunday night slow jams :)
Just home from Cirque/Michael Jackson at USAirways Ctr. MJ's music and Cirque were meant for eachother! Tune in 9:10am on Ch 3 for more!
well the badgers did their part for a rematch.... Rock Chalk Jayhawk! am i right? can a brother get an amen?
Thanks for the follow!
Vannesa Hudgens can't sing for shit!! I don't know why she even tries. She sounds like a dieing cat.
Hahaha! Big Mac! I want an apology when he KOs Sergio!
Garduno's at is closing? Sad face!
Thank for you another #FF!
it's true.
You're so beautiful, I wish I was you.. 
That's it! I officially despise the Internet & how it makes perfectly normal people into hateful assh*les!
Grab somebody sexy, tell 'em HEY.
It's one of those days where no matter how many variations of spanx I put on, I'm still rockin the doughboy
Wake up with God, not your problems. Trust me, He's got it covered.
following everybody back <<<<
After taking your vitamins get down to #fflv and go to and buy the latest #MIKELPATRIK orig!
I just do what I do, playa.
My mom loves u Tony where From puerto Rico and your her favorite singer make another album and now your my favorite
peninsula and the north. But yea I'm down to play.
Packers and Bicth's game still on my mind man I hope they win
that shit that's tied to a stick?
thank you for naming us 1 of the best beer bars in your latest issue!
Fighting with idiots is like wrestling a pig in the mud. You soon realize the pig likes it.
“: Melo killed us. Good freakin' game.”
Yo Waka Flocka "No Hands" Was The Hardest Club Song Last Year!
Timbers 3, Revs 0: great game Portland!
Storytelling performances are at 11:30 am and 1 pm today. Performances will be outside because I say so.
I wanna hit her so bad -_-
WoW! Today was a LONG but very successful day. Shut eye happens right now! Night friends. Hope your week is a blessed one!
Sick today. (This is why a woman needs a man, or her mommy)
COME SAVE ME FROM THIS HELL I CALL HOME ROOM!!!!!!!
michigan fruit. Lol. Yes bright, giant oranges, apples and bananas. I wouldn't do it in NY.
On my way to a closing at Hocker & Associates.
driving home drunk, saw cop lights, thought it was a checkpoint, so and i switched, hahaha.
You got it!
what? That sucks!! I think we need more people now
And all the haters can stop sniffing around #Braun's MVP award now.
hitting up the studio with Young Sick tomorrow...working on new music!!
catching up on some stargate universe glad to see McKay back in the program
...but I'm not a flopper.
You know who i miss? that kid was pretty cool i guess
Home alone and it's storming. I'm scared! :(
Running with SDR tonight at Mission Bay "Ed's Waterfront run" 6 pm at Santa Clara Point Park.
DEVILS!!!! Hell Yeah! #Martytookover #wehavehomeice #ustilllooktired We just needed a split!
Thanks! - I appreciate that! Looks like you're a kindred spirit & looking forward to learning more about & from you as well
Love my life ❤
sweet! i'd say start making native app about anything, and see how it goes, and lemme know and i can jump in too
Ima stop tweeting bc I never get a RT, Tweet or Follow
it looks like is loving his new #bracefree smile..and all the #mahomies are loving it as well:)
tired isn't even the word
The ultimate key to happiness is loving who you are ! <3
Make it happen girl!
Fiona's Flash?... or even more alliterative; Fiona's Fox4 Flash.
man the steelers cant catch a break
when are you coming to austin?
Want an allowance? You'd need to do chores. JT: No thanks. Me: Let me know if you change your mind. JT: I definitely won't ever do chores.
And after much compromising, the rainy Sunday family film is . . . The Three Stooges.
haha. Nice..... I want a cupcake!
I miss you too. Voxer me back some time hoe! :)
Is there, uh, anything else going on in yr life that might be confusing yr ability to see/feel your novel project clearly?
Happy Birthday!!!! Hope its a great one. Sending you the love!!!!
lol I'm dead serious
Still vacationing in France. Enjoying every minute but missing work a little now.
THOSE PPL ARE LITERALLY THE WORST.
Your welcome! Love you<3
is the one I got the idea for pho from!
Thanks for the RT! ;o)
You have to come tonight to help her food truck capital!! Make her Pep Boys visit less costly. Help a sista out!!
embed. Simple. Sigh. Wordpress itself baffled many.
Love the playlist!
One Direction is honestly good. Before judging them, people should listen to other songs BESIDES what makes you beautiful.
follow me.??its 11:11 making a wish <3 :) like always. You will aleays have my love and support <3 (: iloveyouaustin
lol nope check out Bloomberg and CNN
I have the same problem... nobody else I know has even heard of it
do you think its weird to go up to Walgreens just to buy popcorn?
Sotomayor asks how a computer knows if someone is a citizen or undocumented.
the great thing about being sick though is that you know FOR A FACT that next week will be better
Bet she did great, too! RT Interviewed by ABC's "Nightline" about bill I'm supporting that protects victims of violent crime
I got your vote ..lol
Smart! Enjoy. :)
I like how my phone just froze while I was spittinnnnn
Life is an echo; all comes back, the good, the bad, the false, and the true. So give the world the best u have & the best will come back
Job Club Reminder! Tomorrow at 10:00. Open Forum...new job leads. Stop by the ETC for employment help.
That will always be an amazing song regardless of age or when/where it's played
According to our latest traffic statistics, our top demographic is women age 18-24 at 63%. Woo-hoo!
Warm wishes for your Thanksgiving holiday from everybody at the Group Travel Leader! Hope you have save travels and happy memories!
Oh yeah, #derby day today. Plus on news awesomeness. Steph, with it being #derby and #cincodemayo - julep 4 u or margarita?
": Bravo ! I don't know how you were able to keep your cool on MTP this morning.." I could not stand that male chauvinist
the balcony becomes you.
#sashabaroncohen and #jonstewart together right now on #dailyshow = so much
your mom and nana
I have a newer website - save some energy with holidays coming up - I have solar lights at Http://buy-solar-Christmas-lights.com
I just spent too many minutes browsing GIF blogs. Visions of tiny Olson twins now dance through my head as I prepare for socializing.
I'm actually excited to have Ned Yost as the new Royals manager. I liked him when he managed The Brewers.
Things are picking up with production- we added several crew members and locked in dates for our cast. There's no stopping now!!!
follow up
Calling him a man-hoe and a player was bad enough, but now you're spreading rumors that we cheated? Really?
im always ganna be there for you ... Hope you follow
NEED SUM ADVICE....??? PLEASE HELP ME
I need to join y'all
dude im in queens right now!! I wanna meet you guys!!!
That's a BS argument and you know it. You are a smart man. Do better.
my uncle called me at 6am and was like cmon foo is time for yo ass to fuckin party ..... o.O
Can we bring back high tops?
yea I think is it the same one?
Thank you!
Have you ever heard or read about 10 cent beer night at an Indians/Rangers game in Cleveland? Samhaeyn
good for u. I was a cop for eight years however I decided to leave and get a masters to teach and coach. Tough decision pay off
haha it felt good to win. He played well also though!
it's a wrap... They got me! A whole dozen! I only ate 1 tho. Lol!😜
Pumpkin chocolate chip cookies in the oven!
Maybe. Probably.
Brad Richards finds a way! #Rangers take 2-1 lead over
Ambassador Alspach-just emailed you the more refine EuroConnect invite for the May16th event! Pls distribute at your discretion! ;)
Our May event funding small business in allegh. county - one lender will have an unlimited pot of money for our business owners
You have only to believe if you wish to achieve... that rhymed... unintentional
Stripper @ Southern Exposure told me "clean house in them; by end of day you'll b dancing in them"
Heard on the radio that The Voice finally upped American Idol on viewers last week! Who saw this one coming?
Getting productive at late hours
wow thats a bad reason.. cus i love you :)
emotions can go die
Yay I reached over 200 followers thanks to you all!
Yeah, they gave #2-ranked Chaminade a run for their money on Monday as well!
#FashionStar is my new crack cocaine.
do it now!!! U heard me woman!!!
followed ya
Stay tuned for big news from the Rage about new and returning players and other exciting news
Now that was a good movie.... w/ Lucy Hale, haylie duff, Aaron ashmore,
That’s a wrap..week 1 is done! Do you have a class you love? I am sure you have a that 1 that might kill you, but overall how was week 1?
Darwin & others have long been curious about bower origins.
I love successful days!
Thanks for RTing the post. Scott always offers such good advice.
as with any good performance it takes a lot of rehearsal .... a. Lot.
You're welcome! keep up the great work.
Hope you heal soon! Thank you for a fantastic show! I am still singing.
Sometimes I really hate having diabetes and then I realize it could be worse..
#MyMaddenCoverVote is who else but Eli!!
yea I do
thanks for the add! yay to arts and the bay area
Van Halen Tickets For Sale Friday Night United Center. Lower Level Tickets less than face value!! Call us at 888-493-0004
I'm Happy, doing everything within my power to raise my child by any means so let me be!
Hair so damn flat it flatter than a skinny biotch with no boobs♥
cause the only thing I know bout u is that you went to memphis, your a combo guard and can jump out of gym!!!
"Gerald" and "Ford"
i will once i see them... Im home alone right now! Hows school?
let's see, funny Hangover, Step Brothers, Bridesmaids, Grandmas Boy, Drama, Friday night lights, Man on Fire, Super Eight.
Clarification: the failover improvements will only impact our Console and Developer products, not Enterprise products. ()
Eliminated from 2016 Olympic contention: Chicago, Tokyo
Now that I have my coffee cup, I will indeed always be testing
(HUG) xo Love it!
losing a loved one will numb u for sometime
Just had a sensual experience with Al's Italian Beef.
"...when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth." Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
RT : premiered that "TOO LOUD" ON He stamped it with his approval!
👍 happy bday my dude
. yes please!
Crazy day ystrda .... Was working on gift bags for my special event... Got a lil sidetrack .......
Again, Happy 2010, Austin -- Thanks for being part of First Night in the best city in the world
I hope your #RT Button works because its going to be broken by the time your done #RTing my #Imagines!
I made a CD with Whitney and Michael...I'll make you a copy!
I laughed. :)
"what's the ociffer problem?"
Yeah it's really good, better than I could ever do! haha
Any particular kind?
really enjoyed listening to Pink Floyd's Meddle despite being at the dentist
Drunk as 4 African moneys
Oh, what's that? You want a Wiskullsin t-shirt? WELL, LISTEN TO THIS. We got Wiskullsin tees back in stock! Stop in & get 'em! :D
and if leave, i may consider leaving for a while.
Once vs the Spurs earlier in the season. The fans are crazy for him. It's kinda scary..
Sex on the beach..
It's time for you to give me a little bit of lovin'（さぁちょっとはあなたの愛をちょうだい）Baby, hold me tight and do what I tell you！（ベイビー抱きしめて私が言うように！）
CAN'T you follow me
now that's the right mind!
Big day today. 'Canes softball, Mother/Daughter game, and then O's Magic with Kaylee tonight.
Community Links Creates Twitter page!
Im not afraid to take a stand everybody come take my hand we'll walk this road together!!!!!
Stop watching and start playing
We watch our matches at the Where do do train for BJJ at?
OH: This is honey suit weather. You know it always feels like you're wearing a suit full of honey.
Everyone's talking about wearing their #gameday gear to the office but I'm too damn excited to even go in.
5 days left to vote for #SAA Board of Directors. I'm listed 5th on the ballot for Member at Large position!
hahahahh yes, it's a hint. And no, no engagements. If there were, I probably wouldn't tell you through a link, over twitter.
tell me when u find out
You should really consider shutting up rn...
I clicked around a whole bunch and submitted an app to the app store. Surprised that worked.
follow my new twitter <3
Not sure that works: in theory you can lose half of you metadata and hardly notice; in practice it's always the wrong half …
Just waking up, last night crazy
TURN up tha MUSIc!!
awesome! Thank you.
do u still have my number?
Lets go WARHAWKS and WAVE!!!
Merry christmas thanks for a great dinner!
Haha u got some funny fuggin followers bro
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons
I cant fucking wait until summer
Find a Tool-Lending Library to Borrow Free Tools for DIY and Home Maintenance Projects - This is awesome! Start working on a project now!
the Jesus Lizard rocks the turn table as we unpack things
“: The hatred i have for Midwestern and ACU is real. I want to whoop there ass first two games of the season.” 😁👍👍
There's this one guy in my reading class that I feel like punching the fuck out of.
hello Puffin Boo!
alone with my bong>
I did ! Can't wait to get another Versa Spa tan! NEED one bad! ;-)
Going swimming with
words are still words. In the end, of nothing changes it leads to the same place: no change.
glad you like it man! check out our original stuff too!
.love sharing the surf with dolphins.
Q: Whats your stance on offshore drilling? A: Drill the Gulf? Go for it-that's Shrimp Country.
I just sit back and laugh cause the industry dont know whats finna hit em... they dont even see me coming LMAO #death to whack Rappers
#10 things that are attractive A guy who has the choice of kissing on the lips chooses to kiss on the cheek instead
Social services is going to come and take my orphan twitter account away from me
i followed
I gotta newsflash for everyone complaining about the calls tonight: The Knicks did not lose this game 'cuz of the refs. Sorry.
yeah once we have them they're all yours. Thanks so much for your interest. We've tweeted a few sneak preview pics.
I hope you can as well! -Glenn
On my way home
Before I die I have to see in concert, she's simply beauitful!
I haven't talked it in MONTHS! And he appears to not go to school!
that's what I said
Miserable End performing at the Bull Bar in Long Beach Sat. night Nov.12th 9pm.
I'm on my way. Sorry I was in the shower.
no problem!
It's so difficult, but it's so worth it. You should give it a shot!
Welcome to new Kilgie associates, Brandon, Angie, and Karie..completing an awesome account team
Turned my boys into ninja warriors. Consider yourself warned.
thanks for all your help, it wouldn't have been possible without you
That was incredibly impressive. I hope that sees the series of tweets, as he is a fan of the McRib (and literature.)
who's that?
i love this police building
hey do you by chance have a link to the article?
Aww im sorry!!! get well shawty lol im good just wotking you already know
Now that I work at a grocery store I can't go to the race :(
yeah I was surprised they were the vented ones.
Lima beans cuts off blood supply to tumors..dr. Oz
i cant stop listening to mistletoe ❤
Spinning at far bar on this lovely sat night. Rockin that gud musik all night!
Lorenzo wrote in Sic's remembrance book - "I'll always remember you. Forgive me for having argued with you."
cool! iam from usa !! how old r u?
Hello! How have u been?
lmfao I didn't know I was that loud till Allie and devin told me. But that was messed up!
bluffs with kathleen. eight dollars of taco bell in my belly. beer woozy. just woke from 4 hour nap. what the fuck is up?
i think nips are awesome and woman should be proud to show em off!!! love you khloe!!!!!
thanks :) learn how to do it so you can braid my hair like this lol
At the show!!
WISH ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY?
Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.
lmao I was thinking the same thing!
Jumping in the charts ...that's urryday!
The misfortune of finally completing a paper is that the subsequent surge of adrenaline halts needed sleep.
LBSU: Where you won't play in March. But at least you get to live next to a beach.
Oh...I've had my experiences and they certainly regretted their actions in the long run :) It's the stereotypical egos.
. it's talk radio at its worst. one has to assume some responsibility when holding the mic
Children of all ages, races, ethnicities, cultures, and economic backgrounds are vulnerable to sexual abuse. Speak Up and End the Silence
i'm gonna do it IT'S SETTLED
now im at house
say hello to Charlie for me papa awesome vocalist. and have fun.
ihate when people say adventure time is better when regular show clearly has better storylines. omg.
Sporting a high-and-tight? Like girls half-ready for bed? Try Flannel Friday Party and Vets Day Celebration at #TownTavernDC - 2323 18th NW.
you never realize how weird youre friends are until you try to describe them to somebody else
Just saw Decent job though felt the importance of everything so well crafted in book was severely diluted.
Atlas CEO and Racing Limos America President James Albion to be Interviewed on Stock Traders Talk Radio
really is tho
Then that little bitch is getting thrown off a building.
Just ran in to at #TED. Got to thank him for endorsing Great Leaders GROW.
I am not an apologist for the Fed, but at the end of the day Bernanke is doing the only thing that he can do, which is buying time -Economos
Yeah, it has me wondering.
it was so freakin real! i thought it was actually happening!
I was going to tell you your hair looked great at meeting today! All I do in the front of the room is creep on my sisters.
TONIGHT’S #REDSOX-#RAYS GAME POSTPONED DUE TO INCLEMENT WEATHER. It will be rescheduled for a date this summer to be determined.
Yes, Mr. Nguyen's hair was awesome!
tilt shift and... Pretty much everything. So good. You raised the bar!
“: The blind side gets me every time!” I watched too! So good
Thanks for the follow ;-)
you carefully construct those myths only b/c you really _do_ hate people - it's a self fulfilling prophecy!
First #juniorseau and now #mca ... This week sucks.
Beautiful Joy! Don't tell me u are a Restonian? Are u? If so, we are neighbors! You know what that means, don't u? Coffee date! :)
The Brazilian players are so demonstrative.
me + 2 little girls that only speak spanish = no comprende haha
“: E has NOTHING better to play than the kardashians. Ugh really getting sick of it!” change the channel ha
Big shout out & thanks to & for coordinating today's shoot. Lesley, u kick butt! thanks!
ohh so rain is the excuse. Gotcha 😉
24 seconds left. Need a TD. And new cuticles.
Watching Fresh Prince. Classic show.
Happy Birthday Lady! Hope you had an amazing day! Monica
found out I will now be working on a mobile tour for #Lowes! cool!
Had a long day
Volleyball be back later(:
application resume curriculum vitae application application interview references resume application curriculum vitae application interview..
I don't care I love all of them :'(
Interviews are available Wed and Thurs. Don't hire someone that tells you what they will do. #Boston #Sales Guy will SHOW you the #Sales :)
Ur weird n care 4 nothing real abandoned me as a bro whn i needed some1 y should i care 4 u? Atleast b happy i still call u my sis
As I'm eating breakfast this morning I'm thinking m Rudy's lunch.
fuck yes Dom, I am so glad to see someone that feels the same about him as I do
sigh. i will need coffee again tomorrow.
Connie's with grandma and my moms happy mothers day!!!! Mothers you don't need one day to know your the greatest you need a lifetime #
Anyone else watching tonight?!
#rva reunion show?!
LOL, love it
Happy Thursday art world! What are you working on today?!
They offered me a manager job but I didn't want a career in retail. I just needed a part-time gig.
Thanks for following me!
7 could be a dagger here....
but also, just to keep the record straight, if there is a line for a man, anytime, anywhere, I am in it.
I totally have one of those in a drawer! Virta Tennis here I come!
I gave a side eye to that as well.
I did my customary throwing-the-sister-into-a-pile-of-Christmas-trees while tree shopping. The holidays are here.
Not having a good day. Dropped my phone. Bent 2 pick it up. Ended up burning my nipple on my coffee. Only me I swear...
I need to get a few more followers to catch I am a couple behind.
There's also a rabid racoon on the loose in Lawrenceville.
RT : Has the institution of heterosexual marriage collapsed yet?
I bet has one on pre-order!
- Skipping the Palin interview on
suck on it bro
Just got an iPad it's so cool
Cocoa pebbles and new episode of Korra with and Feels good to be an adult.
my big dog doest care at all but I have a jack russell "terrorist" who is so anxious. Oh i hate 4th of July for that same reason!
So I saw this cute "Made in America" T-shirt 4 babies then I checked the tag & it said "Made in China". Seriously?
Global Consumer Electronics Industry
My back hurt hopefully I call fall asleep comfortablely in front of this tv
- Welcome! What a great website! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
They were talking about sex... Like I get it. We're teenagers, we talk about sex. I don't know any teen that doesn't talk about sex.
Beauty Is Not bout Looks Make Up An Swagg True Beauty Comes From Being YourSelf Coz Wha Really Maters Is Who You Are Inside
Who deserves turds, who deserves blossoms? You've got three of each. Go!
me too. My Guitar Hero, Rock Band, and DJ Hero are in the basement collecting dust. Can't get down there with the kids!
dont pay attention to the last tweet but if you need help so you wont be sad tweet me kk
Glad to hear it!
Happy birthday to me! Happy birthday to me! Happy birthday dear me..Happy birthday to me! least i can sing it to my self
nope, it won't.
nice to meet you too
Dom Irrera from Seinfeld at Helium Comedy Club this weekend!
I thought that the #OrlandoMagic were going to collapse without Dwight Howard, it certainly does not look like that.
Good Morning Tampa Bay!!!! T.G.I.F lots of happenings this weekend in the world of #TampATL stay tunned.....
I love Ray in the Princess and the Frog! Can't wait to hit NOLA in July
Hey, that guy in the Hyundai commercial was in a season 2 episode of #Supernatural!
I'm at the Hyatt regency. U?
The Bear likes now: "Play '[In] Rainbows', Daddy! '[In] Rainbows'!
You really think Super Royal could dial 9-1-1 while running for his life from any real threat?
Red velvet cupcake and chocolate egg for breakfast. I love being an adult.
Gnome Pioneers!
RT Goodell's hugs of the draft picks are getting extremely intense. Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Need some new followers n ppl to tlk to
is so beautiful - inside and out! I just love to hear her heart singing
Soo it would be AMAZING if you follow me!!! #JustSaying. Don't you want to make my night?! (:
I just need a fuckin passport
rolling my ankle during this game is going to fuck things up.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Having a great 2012 so far!
If I wasn't raised right. I would just say what's on my mind, then your feelings would really be hurt.
#withoutmy career I would be meaningless...
“: Thank you to for sponsoring the #artscouncil challenge! #loveindy” $500 to a good idea!
OK. You guys can resume your tweeting now.....I'm here.
Just kidding, i KNOW I'm in love with you. (;
When he kisses me and stops just to say "I love you baby" and kisses me again those are the BEST♥
About to see Rick Ross and Lil Kim tonight in PA! Its goin downtonight in PA!!!
alright then..I'm busy this weekend too.I'm gonna spend the weekend at Sacramento with my older sister
might as well bring on the rain... I have terrible luck anyway..
and you're tweeting with this lady not with ur fans? :( #damn it
I used life threatening, meaning judgement may determine a particular moment would be a bad idea to confront some people.
Thanks for #JCDL2012 mention : digitization cost workshop and
late easter !!
don't worty Nate, you'll get it!
When I say I love you, it’s not a cliché. I say it to remind you that you’re the best thing that ever happened to me.
And Josh Young brings the crowd to its feet for a standing ovation! Talkback starting soon!
what's going on Miss PD? You working the games this week?
Jews may have invented guilt, but Catholics cornered the franchise.
I hate getting emotional attached...
np Total- Cant You See ft B.I.G.
that's dumb. What chapters is this test even over? Lol
NEW MUSIC COMING REAL SOON !
I googled my name in Google News. Got 12,196 hits. From the past 24 hours.
Thanks for the mention Zee!
thanks for the
Done tweetin , my battery lower than wiz khalifa's eyes . K bye
LOVE YOU TAY! you're perfect! and your songs..WOW! I identify with your music because it seems they are written by teenagers
So glad I have a great role model such as my sister congrats sis sis you getting your bachelors you passed!! 🎓🎉
Hi! you probably know me but if you dont Im Austin Mahone's iphone; please do me a favor an follow <3.
i didnt know you was near o.o i dont know who h_beibs is xD
sleep with barney
Great day at work! Now to chill at Lake Calhoun.
Ganna Go See The Hunger Games Tomorrow!!(: Taking Some Friends With Me!!(:
As #TheGapBand said, "so I gotta get up Early in the Morning..." Let's burn some!
Chiefs/Raiders. IT'S ON.
As thou hast sown, so shalt thou reap.
At times.. I dislike the random insertion of this cell keyboard.. Swype.. ><
thats fucked up. I'm being jumped on from the uterus. lmao
no I have a very high tolerance for caffeine :)
take it easy Burch. I was only kiddin
thank you much!
ND>>>> FOLLOW BACK
I like Scandal w Kerry W. She is a beast in a mans world.
"Being Broke Just Gave Me My Hunger" -
ERRRGGGGHHHH! I'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR SOMETHING FOR 2 DAYS & STILL CAN'T FIND IT! I'M READY TO TEAR MY HOUSE APART!!!!!
Steve Harvey is playing atomic dog! Roo to the Bruuuuuuuhz!!!
what!!!??? That's the worst news ever!!
": video...."O shoot brain fart totally forgot....it can b to any song right
So glad I can read the results to a show I paid money to see instead of you know...actually getting to watch it. Thanks, !
So what's up with the D.O.P.E.ness?
Hillary looks worn out.
Good stuff.
When you correct someones grammar, just remember that nobody likes you.
Just because I'm nice to you, doesn't mean I like you. It just means I'm not rude.
You watching this Clawsen????
looks like some heavy rain and small hail just about to Watertown, also with line in Walworth county near Lake Geneva.
When doesnt call me about plans<<<<<
yeah. Yo u wanna chill Saturday night?
Why can't I unglue myself from my computer?
RIP to Rekia Boyd. RT to show respect.
Complete list of performers coming soon
aw <3 A Scentsy was one of the best gifts iv ever recived!!
Good job! Funny how most of the callers had their own agendas to promote.
#ff Check out our antique luxury wall maps!
thanks for the #FF! Have a good weekend :-)
Twiggas I JUST FOLLOWED----->>
are u and essence still cyberbullying
Never thought I would make my family this upset..
See first that the design is wise and just; that ascertained, pursue it resolutely. -William Shakespeare
YEA THANK YOU SO MUCH AH
It's for the best. HHHHHHiiiiii errbody.
hah I just saw that now... #someonesgrumpy 😒
the next prefontain! Amazing job!
Our goal is simple – enhance security using wireless technology. www.jtrek.com
you don't need to fight for my love <3
Pretzel m&ms :)
After hearing much debate about this KONY video, I'm watching for myself. My opinion is my own.
Text JENNINGS to 55678 for a mobile background too.
no way! I was about to claim that beard perk, then I saw it only gets you a moustache. What a bait & switch
“: This is how your life changes: someone tells you something.” then you react
Yes and yes.
I'm not sure what to eat... At Kona grill :-)
wow.. thanks on the follow cowboy :-)
3-point lead with 1:58; One-point lead with under a minute. Lead for about 38 minutes and still lose. Hate to say it, but Classic
Had the world in the palm of your hands, but you fucking choked.
Ahh, but it's all about effective filtering - only emails that make it to your inbox are ones that you actually need to deal with.
Spherical olives! Liquid nitrogen! Extracts!
Why is it that clothing stores seem to have only 2 demographics - 17 y old girls or women over 50?
Reluctance to put people in harms way + big $$ = dangerous gov’t sponsored #SciFi like technologies and drugs.
Good way to start off my day
« I hate people who lead others on. Its pretty much the same as saying "fuck you".» !!!!!!!!
Real recognize real like they related
The feeling is mutual. You're very smart & I always like hearing what you're up to. See you at I'm excited for it.
who you're frendyy ?
GIANTS R GOING ALL THE WAY.
This dude keep lookin at my momma I am goin to flip then call my daddy!!
Tonight !!! Ladies come join our table for a drink ;) For NO COVER Guest List & Tables Text 818.602.7979
love, love, love Making April.
unless i get you instead °_^
in my book, the actual existence of the epstein era is the worst move of the epstein era
They BOTH look tired & are landing equally good shots upon one another.
Tonight it's all about trance, toking, and tainted water. Let's dance!
TKILtweeter og back in the tweet world
What do you think of the new YouTube channel layout? Are you angry that they are forcing users to switch to it on March 1st?
Thanks, Tania... to you too...
she's a sexy '65!
I may have perfected a maneuver to get into bed without the monster grabbing my feet. If I don't tweet tomorrow, you'll know I failed.
INSPIRATION! #gamedevdiet I've been watching you, and your consistency is UNCANNY!
we were both soo tired! Had to come home!
glad you like it so far! Were planning to publish your blog tonight too!
where are you gf?? It been way too long!
Ergo...lunch.
Lakers offense looks out of sync.
and why... why is that news on the trib website?
awe thats sad..
No need to lie to the man
it sure is.
Bored outta my mind waiting for my new tires to get put on...
I don't even know what is tweeting about from and I'm supposed to be co-director of this group!
The Ultimate CSS Tutorial A complete list of all
Conspicuous non-consumption is an act of self-definition, lifestyle politics.
RT : Im with Kelly. I think you also need to account for views. Not everyone will participate.
Cops are separating NYC #ows into smaller groups. Cops moving into position! Protesters are forced into anarchic running and screaming
apparently it was a chick walking naked down 390 and rolling in the mud, and may have been pushed out a car... WTF???
Happy Birthday old man! Enjoy your last night & don't look back
Hey Pittsburgh: Homecoming is right around the corner - make your appointments now before we get booked up!
I'm in NY this weekend
Having a dream that just makes your day.
is it a pair of tickets or just one per minute?
Also, #ff , an organization very dear to my heart, that is doing a TON to love on the people of Portland :)
Our website is new and updated. Please like us on facebook!! Send us some positive feedback on how you like it! :)
not a whole lot. What about you and your girl?
I started up again maybe a little less than a week ago? I was too busy for twitter for a good Lo g month
Hahahahahahaha Ash its Kate, you fucking crazy ma bitch I'll never give your MONEY back !
Imagine a "social media listening command center" for Georgetown. issue tracker, early warning system
#20ThingsIlove Kentucky Wildcats, Championship Banners, and Unibrows
Working on a sweet-ass percussion duet.
where can I send my resume? 22 years as head baker and 6 years as a shipping supervisor.
naw original was 2.5. It was either in or out.
:( so tragic
I am a bad example to my daughter...
can't wait to rage with you at your concert in Cincinnati! Looking forward to meeting you.
‎"Let your heart guide you. It whispers, so listen closely." – The Land Before Time
Lmao Mrs. Foiles notices the smallest things about me and she's never even taught me... "Is that a new ring? You didn't have it last week"
We love the way music brings people together.
I need to find a travel agent for an upcoming story a contact is doing... Please RT
CASHING OUT IS THE THEME SONG AT THE GIG. EVERY TIME WE SELL THAT WORK....
I'm singing at Red Kiva if you feel like hanging out
Zaza Pachulia (foot) has been ruled out for Tuesday's Game 2 against the Celtics.
Nice match & #Wrestlemania was a great event!!
Happy birthday, Captain Bitchface. (I miss you, though.)
Good things fall apart so better things can fall together.
I always miss the good stuff... You guys coming down for the 4PM Magazine release tomorrow night at Tutto/Notte?
Daumn! It got real huh?
Boom boom cac a lac a lac a boom, boom boom cac a lac a boom boom
I'm not going to the party. Have a B+B getaway planned with my sweetie <3
With Horns inside?
Game of Thrones is starting to lose me a little bit. These last few episodes better be huge.
Thanks for the love Trey Love
Yeah they are all gone
tessering to wrinkle in time, can't wait to perform this amazing show!
nigas hate fukn wit a condom
ShockerNet is back up. If you're still receiving the error, you need to delete your web browser's cache.
U have a sexy bod!
Take a look at eyefly.com
it was u should follow her :) she's an awesome ff5 fan
Enjoy your Sunday #Boston :)
- SOUNDS GOOD. WILL PUT IT IN MY WISH LIST.
thanks mike u r hot
#ThingsThatNeedToEnd The Calvin Johnson Rule...
It's so HOT OUT!!
you are welcome @ ayeelts no problem Happy New years to you and your family.
we should go to the mall together on summer break!! And maybe i can sleep over at your "flat"!! Lol
starting to get sleepy at 4pm, not good. kinda wants to see some friends tonight. def wants to see Inglorious Bastarads this week, takers?
EGYPT "...can we all get along? Can we get along?" ~rodney king "...young boys become men, in times such as this..."~a.o. shepherd
These pussies sound like Meow Mix
Apparently no one has ever quit just because they want a different career.
Cleveland baby! “: Looking forward to being part of the trading card NFL draft set..time to start signing!”
Until June 2010, a pint of Guinness was available free to blood donors in
Ok, Will u be mine?<3 its ok what you say we will always be really good friends<3 ILoveYou <321
I have a handful I follow on blogger - have a great joint blog! I also recommend joining the DailyMile community
Thank you, Martin!! #FF #wave back at ya! Have a lovely weekend at the sketchboard! ;))
I made friends on the bus!!
Mayor - Monte has not done too well in NO, so I don't think so
Wow, another Ingomar lawsuit -- just doesn't end.
All I need is for Dr Dre to produce one of my tweets.
That orientation was so over whelming :/ but at least i got to see all the clubs.
awesome kid at starbucks is reading from a bag of books he brought while his mom and pop read on their iphones
Every single thing I set out to do in my 25th year has been accomplished...turning 26 in less than 3 hours and I'm feeling ready.
think I saw u @ pork shoppe?? Btw this is Cody, Lina's husband from HBC;-) I deliver part time
Finally out of work!! TGI(going to be )F
flee the united states, come to us. what happens in 72 hours?
I just feel Izzo is very good at preparing team in March. Compare his record with Boeheim in March for example.
So you go and tweet it all around hannah , really . this aint my fault. YOU pushed ME out.
yea man u missed it ...its another oone Sunday at the clevelander
I do have a fondness for awful movies that others can't stand. :)
i say Houston trades Schaub for some picks. they play in dome. great running game. AJ and Owen Daniels. perfect fit
: No, but thanks for the intro! , good to meet you!
Me and In the Great Twin Cities! #TTU and #Songbook nationwide!
oh wow. My job here pays eghhhh but I get hoes and its commission too. Alex had an interview today but I wouldn't mind
Not a fan of this rain and hail!!! Scary!!
The prom we're hosting tonight tripled in size and the client just told us. That's nice.
we're listening to you all the way from Denver, CO, USA give us a shout out! Jenny's housewarming party
Well we both know how that always played out.
#MoreFemalesShould sell their eggs to me for 20 dollars
well they just put one by me by east pointe square
I feel so left out lol
I can't even sleep LOL
": wheres mine?" Mine Too
PT 2 - will Flacco EVER change his cadence at the line of scrimmage and force some defensive offsides or will Ds cont to T off
Message me on kik(: it's: Isabelle_luksza
#Haters make the world go around
I think I hate everyone in the world. Except Floyd.
Holy crap Castle and Detective Beckett are *finally* talking about their feelings.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. ~Friedrich Nietzsche
Headed to /RAW: Stripped in w/ tonight! Looking forward to an amazing SOLD OUT performance.
These chest pains <<<<<<<
I have never understood why people say they sometimes throw their phones, my phone is my everything<3
oh frank you my long lost friend. How are ya??
well then, in the end you'll really have something.
u miss school way too much!!!
my mood right now <
"In order to change your life, the first thing you have to change is yourself"
AND if you're anywhere near the Alameda CA school district that barely kept And Tango Makes Three on the shelves... go shame the hell out
Just sent my Xbox in...i should be back on-line and ready to play some REAL Games by Tuesday or Wednesday!
Haven't tweeted in days ....
RIP Joe Frazier
make up your mind... your killing me
hahahaha "little guy from the boathouse"
Tip#87: As iron sharpens iron one brother sharpens another. It is very important to have 2-4 friends of equal or better skills than you.
Women, Weed, & Weather
so #idgaf nigga i makes my own money!
Most def. Very excited. I've watched the trailer like two dozen times or something
the most significant package I received was the acceptance packet to Hopkins. You can always tell you got in when its big!
Soul mates!
Bosson. - One In A Million. >>>
Sleep Fun facts • The first CPAP machines for the disorder sleep apnea were made from vacuum cleaners.
Movie time
Very cool
Why are there so many people who never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity? -Unknown Author
It just hit me I GRADUATE TOMORROW
Say: ¿por qué sus palabras tan fea? Even if she's gma, she shouldn't talk like that. Call her out. Awkward silence>bullying
Costco is the best and worst place on Earth.
Its crazy how i can be the center of both they're worlds...
omg I went there last week w my friends so much fun
Am I the only one hoping the Sheraton at #NASPA12 has HBO to catch "Game Change"?
#FF The legal video gurus who make the #CLVS certification possible:
you were amazing tonight on the kca's <3
That sounds like an amazing breakfast. I know where I'm going the next time I'm in NYC. :-)
Wish ur mom taught u about RESPECTING yourself, PROTECTING yourself. BUT you better Learn to CHECK yourself b4 you get WRECKED!
better yet #Sheriff Duncan
…✧ S/O to all the The chicks who ass so small That their back pockets Touch Lol ✧…
Thanks for following! Hope the digitizing biz is going well ;)
Commission discusses Bay Area Congressional Districts.
If the world didn't suck we'd all fall off.
Squid dissection :/
Are you doing your own PR? What is it that you do?
We donated some LoyalTee T-shirts for the #espioc2012 PIO conference, happening in Estes Park. Happy to support these hardworking folks.
Im going to take this,Im going to take this to the top and I'll kiss the air....Dont waste your breath and just fade away
RT : Praying for my bro G.O. get better!
"Tink" is a toddler's abbreviation for urination.
RT Is #JETSNATION ready for Sunday night!?...Hell yeah boys!!!
one hour until our meeting with from ! See you there!
great website! Love the diversity in your content!
Living in LA is amazing. But not being able to go anywhere...is such a tease ad the worst feeling ever.
I think your purse is tweeting.
Not THAT into this band but the end of Mordecai is impossible to NOT get chills to.
The things that happen in Miami at 2:00 am smh
Hm. Nice to know how you feel about me.
knee deep in Backbone.js code. Really love the history state stuff! Nice work fellas!
you are funny! *clutches pearls*....lol
Yeah, definitely should have spent the night playing Skyrim. I can't play SC2 for shit right now.
If I said I want your body now, would you hold it against me?
Happy mothers day to some of you
Long time no tweet!
Tonight is the company Christmas party. I need to drink a couple cups of coffee. Some people pre-party...I pre-caffeinate.
I love Shirts that are blunt, shocking and disturbing. I guess I'm just tired of all the bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com
Son and I are on our way to see the crush the baby bears
would love to see you guys again. Doing a best of bacon class and cheese making class, both benefit UC Davis again.
Been working hard this week with We're getting ready for a show at our old High School. Nostalgia!
These notes can suck my cock...
Welcome & thanks Enjoy sharing Ideas.
Much is happening all over the world. Pray and share the message until everybody hears it!
Movie pitch: "X-Men: Second Class." Professor X recruits a team of young Mexicans to cook and clean for him while avoiding all eye contact.
exact same matt's my baby
say no mo
Cont. 'son' means "creation/invention". "... (so) that everyone who (or "that is"), "pistos(i)on" (his descendant) on (account of) him, ..."
I'm sorry...who has been by herself for the last six days????
We look back on the life and legacy of #Dick Clark this AM on GMM on
Happy Record Store Day! Support your local independent store!
Henry David Thoreau: To enhance the quality of the day... that is the highest of the arts.
true true lol
That's that high shit..
Crossing my fingers that after 4 days, I don't need GPS to find my way home (to be fair, I haven't gone straight home yet from work)
Hometown Heroes, National Nobodies.
Go from everything, to nothing, to having no one. See what you are made of.
#Beertown unites neighors together a month later: d&pdc Ring Leader w/ her dog met an audience member at the dog park.
Good morning tweeps. Thanks 2 all 4 supporting Christopher Leigh's music & hoping that all have a wonderful, positive, & blessed day!
Oy. This must be upsetting for you. Have u slept in there? Not to see ghosts necessarily! Just 2 comfort her?
Well, not really in comparison to some folks we know.
RT 3 LA teachers suspended for giving children pictures of OJ Simpson, Dennis Rodman, RuPaul to carry in Black History Month parade
Beautiful painting and message
#YouKnowItsRealWhen soon as u tweet bout head everybody start smiling....
It's a sign.
RIP to our victims who was shot and killed at Chardon High School. Alot of people may not know you,but we still love you.And your family. <3
Also, #Im4Falk because she is the one candidate I can count on to undo the damage in Walker's war on women.
Summer ends with a hurricane kick to the heart strings. I'm going to be super sad dropping Liam off at day care tomorrow.
A thousand things are going through my mind and the thing i want most right now is her...and i dont want her with anyone else!
are you coming down for the uk men's club volleyball game this Friday?
A Live Concert Streaming To Your Phone Now that is possible
History of the English Language students seemed really excited by today's class in the archives. Old books ftw!
first time watching it. Didn't know mark was left handed
You're probably right. The lake did them good.
What a performance by Manual HS choir and Great beginning to #stateofed speech.
We'll be heading up from Atlanta in a couple of hours. Start at 2:45pm.
“: drinking and chatting (nerdily) with ” nerds-r-us
WEN PEOPLE PUT U DOWN FOR THE GOOD YOU TRYNA DO AND CRITIZE YOU FOR THE THINGS YOU DONT DO WEN THEY WISH THEY COULD BE APART OF YA MOVEMENT
i'm at work on a saturday, and there are construction dudes in here painting or some shit and the fumes are MURDERING ME
I've never watched The Walton's before, but today I've watched 3 hours of it, not including the movie which I also watched.
Leave nothing to chance.
Follow me right now!!!
What's this I hear about cancelling Community?? ARE YOU INSANE? Please, people of the internets, watch Community and
This officiating is just starting to outright hack me off. It's incredibly uneven. Sixers keep getting these ticky-tac calls.
thanks for the suggestion :) that's a good song!
It was a travesty! Cinco de Mayo can be a wild ride. We even ran out of limes for a few days. We're fully stocked again now.
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have. ~Ken S. Keyes
www.thredUP.com anyone?
For impermanent and ephemeral use, allow for payment of limited damages. (Doesn't this just invite fishing?)
good try it was writing down hwat to say in a script and using it
The only way to work on the future or to create a wonderful past is to live in the present moment.
Smoke seshhhhhh wit & Todd2 no cause he's being a grinch
Know the buzz words but aren't sure how to apply them to your learning programs? LearnNow next week in SF with and
We had a blast with the Houston Corproate Paralegal Association today!
Yea I've been trying to walk that line too...also the type of bread/pasta etc le sigh!
I love #7Eleven, don't get me wrong
Happy Mother's Day to all my facebook Mothers and May God Smiles upon you!!!
I've literally been waiting almost a year! For this movie to come out. And it's here! "The Avengers" time!!!
No more covering up those stains with strategically placed rugs or potted plants. Let us get them out for good!
i told my mom i was going to. Bahaha. (:
No love. I hope they die a slow painful death rt : naw fuck that. It's all Love, what's goes around comes around.
thank you!!!
Avoid beverages with carbonation before training and games as they can sometimes lead to stomach upset if consumed right before exercise
Waiting for the sun!
I am thinking about getting a BMW 120d for a new car!
are the lotus engines worthless or what? No speed and mechanical...
Perfect running weather! Waiting for the elite runners to come through Westwood at Manning and SM Blvd. If you see me, say hi!
hadn't seen the PC version - nice. Have it for OSX but it doesn't ever connect.
To be completely honest- real life boys are much more interesting than virtual social networking.
Stoked for Wu Tang tickets in hand...
The Gene Harris Quartet, "At the Ste. Chapelle Winery," w/ Ron Eschete on guitar. Mad swinging.
To all my tweeps in the UK who are fighting #library cuts, keep fighting! Don't let the idiocrats get you down!
RT : Missed this Monday. USAToday poll shows 73% willing to buy reusable shopping bags. 9% not. That's a good trend.
"You know what I wanna do?? Strut." -
Birthday treat #4 roses...no words
Almost. Done.
First visit to Zaxby's.
that'd be awesome :) ..we should have a tweet up every week
Great to hear Ionesco's play read aloud.
To Lucid tonight to check out The Hang
<--- #ClubInsomnia... Not to be confused with #ClubInSomalia. Totally different, but you probably don't want to be in either.
Josh because of the mouth on that guy. "Brian's a fat ugly chick" #Funniest1250Call/MomentOf2010
YES. #acp13 gonna be off dat chain. Great weekend guys.
morning! anyone else upset about the postponed yankees game last night??
Can't wait to watch basketball on Dec 25th.... Better late than never
@ great to see u 2 Thomas!
I just wokeup and ate cake. Oh yes, I did.
I sure hope not. :(
Have you been following the week's literacy events with Gov Hickenlooper and Lt. Gov Garcia? They are reading in lots of places in CO!
Debating rubbing one out before class tonight, what do you think?
I said it first tho...Gasol & Bynum Classic scene after the game
Got my pictures from Walgreens at State/Roosevelt today. Planning on dropping off another camera today at the one at Roosevelt/Canal.
Like that idea. What did we do before Google docs?! Thanks again for sharing.
L.A. Bus Riders Union to speak out in Tucson - Tucson Citizen Tucson Citizen L.A. Bus Riders Union to speak out in Tucson Tucson Citizen
Unwed, single mother Bristol Palin says gay marriage is wrong because kids need a mom and a dad.
Leaving park forest... Weather is great!
Realtors? What would you like to know about BLU? Share with us?we want to hear from you.
RT : I know its frustrating but quitting is never the answer - #autism is VERY hard but quitting is worse
Oh Sunday night- never long enough
my iphone battery is the most accurate representation of my productivity, still at 75% somehow..
I'm not ignoring you, I suddenly get deaf when I hear bullshit!
Pick me too!! ": *hand up* if you really want someone to facilitate a discussion on a 200 year plan. #TEDxSummit"
We'll revisit on Monday...": No problem I would #ratherbedeadthanred"
Follow me! !! Lets Network!!!
Home ownership sounds exciting and it is- but wait til you can put 20% down. PMI is a killer.
BNF: researchers in political and social sciences are the most freqent users + some personal searches
f the hater b/c crushing other peoples dreams is what makes our dreams possible!
From the dentist's chair to an hour of reading and applying for jobs…clearly I've pissed off some higher power
Upcoming GigaOM Pro report explores trend toward apps that improve efficiency of smart grid as the industry matures.
Ha! Love it!! just saw baby bro in the Ford Commercial! He's lookin' good as always...hope you and the fam are good!
I got a cramp n.my neck
recalls sharing tea and cookies in John and Joanne Woodford's kitchen with Bill Staines after a house concert. It's a random thought.
SUPER DUPER!
Its just a state of mind
You better bay leaf it. RT : I don't know if I'm cumin or goin.
nahh you just get my tweets sent 2 ur phone. imma make them stop. again. &block yhuu.
Off to the San Diego Press Club's Awards Banquet-wish me luck!
Who's shocked? RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: In Arguments, Justices Appear Sympathetic to Contentious Part of Arizona Immigration Law
you just had to be there to know :p
Pitchers of Newcastle Brown Ale and Sierra Nevada for free. IS THIS REAL LIFE?!?!?!?!
All I can do is remember all those amazing times we had together. I just gotta keep replaying them over and over again..
Go FOLLOW ! She's a mahomie, directioner, AND a belieber ! <3'. She follows back! (:
Heating pad
I don't care! I was trying to tweet u a picture but couldn't find u
lmfao, so i'm just seeing this now... did you do that? lmfaoooo
awful!! The nvr even ran a play
"Seriously mom,we needa go to the doctor" "For what,your third nipple?" " has 4 nipples..." "What is he,a cat or dog?"
Don't place your attention on who's leading...make, "The Cause", your focus! ~PTS
Since Ronaldo can score from 35+ yards away, might as well just leave him open inside the box, right?
Dying my hair tomorrow ^-^
Mac and cheese and Doritos for dinner.
Let go of the bio-chemical "need feeling" to be right. Let "they/them" be right, you be rich!
RT Everybody shouting "I AM TRAYVON MARTIN!"
that actually seems a little inappropriate -- i mean, really LISTEN to him sing that song.
Also the views I express on twitter about food, politics etc. are my personal views, not those of any organization I am affiliated with.
Maybe I should've eaten the pineapple garnish??
Not only is the power out for a reported 2 million + Houston-area customers, running water out for many.
Black women pregnancy test: stick a peice of chicken in ur vagina and wait 30 seconds, then if its bit ur pregnant. told me
Dang.. Patrice O'Neal. R.IP.
Arkansas places Dorell on paid leave. Glad to see that she'll be getting a paycheck and Petrino won't have to throw her another $20k
Me gusta la pizza.
I am never attempting to put pictures in a Word Doc again.
The weak are forgotten, Only the strong survive, But a legacy is infinite. Leave your mark live forever.
just made my sister, 's day!!!! I'd like to thank you personally for her tackling me!
I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing,Praying to a god that I hardly believe in.
don't matter
you not even famous!
flawless. How's it working for you? Are you dieting with that?
No thank yuuuuuu
My final was suppose to posted online for me to take at 7:45. WHERE THE FUCK IS IT? DOESN'T SHE KNOW I COULD BE SLEEPING INSTEAD ?
Like coming back to Chicago will make my summer<3
Thought nothing could top Pete getting punched last week...I was so wrong.
Can't wait for that! Retreat maybe? ;)
i'm so sleepy. o:
Yes! When??
Signed up for a practice GRE. How do I start studying?
how do you RSVP?
You owe it to yourself to read The Handmaid's Tale. Especially if you're a woman in America and feel like being terrified
thanks buddy
By the way josh beckett makes more than 86,000 bucks per day during mlb season. I don't think he gives a eff what any of us think.
I feel like crap... stupid head cold
Whoa awesome interception!!
thank you so much <3 it's hard work but SO worth it!
I think the same shop where u can pick up some dignity*
The perfect storm is in tucson arizona! Hell yeah! Lol
thanks. I love you too!
I cant stand people that kiss ass thinking that's going to get them somewhere.... NOT
I am!
I'm not even in chemistry anymore and it still finds a way to cause me grief.
tweeting .. Is 2012 really coming?
EXCUSE YOU MISTER STYLES WHAT
ah ok! I thought maybe something was in the water there @ CSC :-). I'm enjoying the new gig!! YES we need to lunch soon
Unfortunately depressives become quite expert at masking.
all I can say is you are welcome.
": At our weakest point we can not forget our most powerful weapon, prayer."
Gearing up for a busy week here at #BlueRock #Studios for projects with #WebMD and #Landings international.
RT : Why tying ourselves in knots? OW problem solved w/shorter terms, registration, expansive fair use. #BCLTorphanworks ++
Made a record with the Dust Brothers solely because they produced Paul's Boutique. Spent as much time asking Q's about PB as recording.
RT - NFL Mirror League - AFC pick 5.12: I selected D. Carter (RB, IND). Baltimore Ravens is on the clock, and New England ...
I love the many languages I heard in DC. Especially the language of DANCE :)
to slippery to drive
I love these spam messages "Hey somebody is saying horrible rumors about you...". I've heard it all before lol!
Marble flooring would last for ages if one would take care of its maintenance.
Im a freak on the down low.... Just ask him!! ;)
They think that's all they need! Til we put the oil slick called truth on their road;)
Singles event which means the church is half full.
Write her a letter. Make it compelling and heartfelt. Be sure to close with "Do you like me? Circle yes or no."
It was great! RT : Thanks to for lighting it up blue for Autism Speaks tonight. Great turnout. cc
