Trying to get #GiveObamaCreditFor... to trend. I know you can come up with a few.
followed. follow me? :)
#FF Thanks #BigBrotherBigSister followers #Mentoring is part of successful transition.
We agree!
but to say they are encouraged to grow by the loopholes and write offs that exist for big biz is a fallacy
Flash-1. Thin Mints-0. At least he only got the one cookie.
Tired of the same old bull shit..
Aveda's customer-loyalty program is called "pure privilege." Buy enough stuff, & you get a "pure privilege reward." Not sure I want that!
Drawing glasses on friends sleeping.
200 million. Wow.
hope you enjoy the discovery
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?xx
Y'all been listening to , 1340 on the AM dial? has been especially awesome. What a great station!
Big win for the Kings. This could cause a major war with our friends to the North. No Canadian teams left, I guess they can watch curling?
Know what? Today's just a damn good day to be alive. That is all.
Empire of the Boner
The Twitter is an interesting specimen
Yes! Just send over an email my way :)
Did some memo make the rounds last week that it's totally cool for writers to start going fully racist online?
Sunburnt like hell...at least has to drive today
i hate when my ass hurts too bad for me cause i can only move so much in this chair
going to be around today? have proper serious question to ask..
meh, pitivi is pretty useless. What, does it only support MPEG importing??
See you guys at Bogarts!
~ will be closed today to recover from all the holiday partying we did this past week. See you tomorrow!
So, likke. I was thinking... when you're done with your homework.....Hangman? :)
Johnny GooGootz, that's who ;)
Laying down some new song ideas tonight. Gonna try and get some pics so check our tumblr page later
I'm agree with you like 1000000000000000%
Shout out to
flight booked to #NYC hello reunion time with
TODAY! Watch My Strange Addiction on Discovery Health Channel at 9:00pm EST, featuring April!
MT : "There is no marketing cure for providing a poor customer experience" from workshop!! So true!!
quack quack
Really great meeting to end the day. Super nice appreciative clients.
If you don't see anything about the basketball game in your TL right now, your TL weak af'.
RT : Almost 100 percent confirmed Ill be doing a show with Chiddy Bang late August in FLA. Coming down southh.
Soo....i FINALLY got to a million in "Temple Run"!! #feelsaccomplished!! #ihopeyourproud!! :)
Check out your new profile pic! You look gorg! How are you??
lol seriously!!! He's stepped up this yr.. Smoak.. Not so much.
11 days til your birthday. :) WOO
Yeaa be out where the action is lol, well I'm gonna go to sleep, gotta go to the bank in the morning, we had a great chat. GN!
u are amazing
Seattle summer weather in NY all weekend. We did ALL the tourist stuff. Nobody told me this place was SO big.
Ha! Webform finally sends email as planned. Take that, my bad coding skills.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet and AGAIN
chaos in England
not feelin' it today :-/ be back Monday with some great eye candy for you.
what did you end up doing this weekend? I thought u didn't feel good all weekend???
My hair smells good. @
Breakthrough in Puerto Rico! Fun, yes, but we are building a new school here as well! Leave it better than when we came!
I think #Tiger is back.. may not win this week but it's coming soon.
I hope you have a good weekend Jenna!
Wow! I can't believe it's been a year. I miss you my sweet Sensi.
sweet ride!
upload dem pics from dallas - Brandon Glover
Wake up and ride.. Perfect
Your mind is clearly working better than mine! I have no recollection of that snappy little moniker.
well at least it'll get better eventually.
Just saw a lady at work that looked like stepmom and gave me some chills! Prolly cuz she was cold!
“: My lasagna was a #fail 😔” I thought it was great 👍😃
I am so incredibly frustrated right now. I don't want to go to choir concert. I want a cocktail.
These #Flyers are killing my buzz. :(
Watching Beavis and Butthead and wondering why my parents let me watch this when I was 6 years old.
#oscardi having fun
Thanks for the video clues for the 2012 80/35 music festival. The Avett Brothers alone make it worthwhile.
Thanks, nice to meet y'all too (<-- we're learning to speak Texas!)
WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE.
if you were a women and I was a man, I'd totally impregnate you.
As Ian MacKaye asks for an alternative for Excell a million voices chime alternative
I know! Driver told us to wait for the next 23. I ran over to subway because I had to get to class. What about rain and snow?!
Amen!! RT : #DearStudents, DO NOT START ESSAYS WITH DICTIONARY DEFINITIONS (unless you're challenging them substantively)
I love He's one of the few people who has the courage to say "The emperor has no clothes!"
Wow! That's considered an "oldie" already?
Sounders are on in a hour. Get in and grab a seat and a pitcher of Redhook No Equal for $12.
Anything you pay at earns rewards, payments to do not. Just pay with a credit card you connected
i can't feel bad for you. you're 40. you've lived. now let me.
are you a bowler?
Well thank you! :) I agree, who doesnt have a little bit of kid still in them!
I just read some funny stuff. Lol @ people who start, settle, and finish their problems on Facebook. At least they're smart about it..
Come On BLUE #Kansas !
Thanks so much Danyelle! So nice to meet you, Laura :)
trying to find info on 1977 Berliner Jazz Tage festival poster I bought at Goodwill
"The man who can own up to his own errors is greater than he who merely knows how to avoid making it."
how utterly disgusting wishing a whole community death. You are sad excuse for a human being. It's sad you lack empathy for others.
Lunch today w/ my snowflake team: Reason No. 5,786 why I love working
oh ok I thought I was gonna have to take care of something lol but I'm good how you been
I am opposed to both these dangerous bills.
#elpaso #debate best of the worst and worst of the best
lol oh yeah?
You'd never guess the rebounding is 32-31 right now.
on twitter its bin a long time it felt like forever
Seeds don't belong in yogurt! It should at least come with a warning before you dive in.
I dont even feel like going to school.
this 210th would be for Miami.
so is NHibernate considered legacy already? ORM's in general are legacy? NoSQL or Bust?
good night tweet tweet lol.
go get 'em!
She said this aint that VS cuz everybody know ha secret, she said this that Bed Bath And Beyond....
hey nick what do think of Jessie J i love her! <3
Brown rice costs only 30 cents more than white rice. A no-brainer substitution for families.
I had fun with you today!
it's dangerous to party in parked cars anyway. You're on the side of safety.
We dont know about the rest of Lexington but we here at Lexington Commons are tired of all this heat!! Ready for a cool down.
yess ikr ?? feeling sad rite now need to be cure :DD
hi, im ur fan, before i was jonas brothers's fan, but ur better!!!!!
action item was great
Harder than I thought but I feel great that I did it!
is a must follow bitches!
Thank you to all of you who have served our nation.
People are such hippocrites.
I think you should just watch "up"
I'm so full!
I couldn't dl the image on my DROID.
Studying for a human anatomy test, it never stops!!!! 😱
True #Love has ACTIONS that infatuation, sexual attraction, & chemistry can only IMMITATE without a genuine follow-through. Ur #heart KNOWS
niggas in here doin to much talin we might not eat til christmas
Although it may not always be convenient, its important not to skip lunch so you can stay fueled through the afternoon!
Strawberry Tart- This delicious tart is a buttery shortbread crust filled with pastry cream & topped with fresh, locally grown...
A league of their own is my movie
Someone in editorial Cant you stay on the tragedy of this boy without getting "smart" and expanding it this way?
Ur energy made our event #SWANDay super special!
Hey twitfam! We've been busy. What have you guys been up to?
You'll do great!!! :) RT : Meeting at 3 with the label. Going to the gym first to calm my nerves!
Gates' piece is way too late to stop the presses. Teacher effectiveness not being published, meaningless scores are.
Fresh out the shower.
I usually let it ring a few times because I can't find it.
Hey , why are you drinking RC cola from Starbucks?
Good luck tonight !
I take it you went to the concert last night?
very nice photos, Mr. Swery!
RIP Heavy D...
RT : I love Microsoft's new non-branding for Live. Now can it get rid of "Windows?" Who wants Windows on a phone?
Its is real I'm in the bay
lolololololol just shouted "black people" in our test hahahaha
airsoft team QA: Is it worth it to start a airsoft team in a small town?
Scottsdeezy fo sheezy... What up Scottsdale DJ DBX up in here...Peace out
just saved the photo, will def use for inspiration!
#aam2011 "10k followers" session: Getty asks how many fb pages is appropriate? Walker says it depends on the fan base---will it grow?
came up in conversation today at work. Gotta love it!!
It costs less than the Booze Cruise!
all the way!
Women dress alike all over the world: they dress to be annoying to other women. ~ Elsa Schiaparelli
Technically, I don't shout them as much as I mumble them to myself. But still.
I NEED AN OXYGEN MASK I CAN'T BREATHE
Bucks Win! Philly loses! Knicks have back-to-back against CHI! Its all falling into place!
k come and get it
Seems issue being totally ignored by MSM & by BHO. The end of America as we know it (or knew - past tense/)? Must vote Romney!
Can't wait till the Phi Mu formal next weekend, then a wedding for a really good friend, the reception should be fun;)
better bring them Ad Libs tonight while u runnin' the highlights ricky kam 'UH!'/wet jumpshot
RT : FT 2-3. Probably the worst result in a season full of terrible, terrible results
Well, they aren't weird—rayon is cellulose-based, as are the eg the corn-based bioplastics.
Dying at the slow motion replay
Finally! Someone mentions the 'elephant' RT : Whisnant: "interpretation and history don't have much to do w/ each other" #ncph2012”
You are not always right. Get over it
Horrible day!);
Reading "A Century of Spies: Intelligence in the Twentieth Century" by Jeffery T. Richelson. Anyone in charge of anything should read!
after I hit a deer I've been the same way!
"The Will Buetow technique!" ❤
Doing hatha and meditation while listening to the rain outside...so nice. Welcome fall!
i love pussy too
studying fer finals wish me luck =/ algebra sux
what a weird day.
I'm trying not to give away plot. But yes, the react to her after the Chinese food thing.
I'm Dreaming BIG!!! What have I got to lose?
How would you like that?
Thanks Jon! I needed this quote today!
Loved the blog post.
There are so many useless add-ons for smartphones. I wish someone would make bayonet attachment.
please say someone took a video.
The local guys are heading to the NFL. First Middleton's Nick Toon to the Saints. Now Richland Center's Bradie Ewing to the Falcons
Our author Harley Carnes' new novel "A Hole in the Apple" just got compared #barryeisler on AMZN! Next stop Barry Eisler sales velocity!
Little kid came in here and tried to say "he has a penis and she doesn't" Hahahahaha his mom stopped him tho
i just ran outside my house crying and screaming omg guys i cant
This was Captain Clapperton,the companion of Denham
love the shirt!:) and you sound great!<3
are you in Wisconsin?!
Game 2 of Caps-Rangers playoff series tonight. LET'S GO CAPS!
OMG!! A Walk to Remember, tonight!! I love that movie :') <3 <3 <3
Thank you for that note - I'm hopping over to the blog now to read. xx
I love the evil look people give you as you bypass the elevator to take the stairs.
NEEDS to attend a rock show very soon...rock patience wearing very thin. Need guitars, and pyro...stat!!
I think ill make sure your name isn't on this paper tomorrow when I turn it in.
wtvr dad not letting me watch audacity crew from my show.
Taking my daughter to the beach today....one of her favorite things about summer! :-)
#FernandoRodney in to try to save it for the #Rays w/ a 4-3 lead in the 9th.
Work on what you are figuring for, in love, not always angry about what you fight against, or you will soon burn out.
Workin Sundays suck, workin holidays blow.. Workin a holiday on a Sunday without holiday pay feels like the company bufu'n u with no kiss
Can't we all just stay with you?
Reading the most amazing book - "A Framework for Understanding Poverty." Should be required reading for
WTF is with the exploding plane on Breaking Bad Season finale, how random. lol
I LOVE your work! :) Keep on doing your amazing thing! :)
The day they get rid of it, I will cry.
hello to you...
Excellent Gridiron Gala in Cockeysville tonight. Gearing up for Tiger Bowl II on Saturday. Great to see Bushrod there tonight.
the perfect chest!
true love never dies babygirl ;)
Pauly D, you are one sexy motherfucker.
4 work days. Then vacation in Vegas with my man! Wooohoooo
4 times the steak.
go go go go go
likes gushers ...
I need more friends that party.
Since When do you have to be skinny to be beautiful! Everyone in Jersey is shallow...
Puppies don't sleep.
When the angels ask what I loved most about life, I'll say you.
About a month in advance. Around March 7th. Anything you're hoping to see at BCB this year?
you crack me up kid lol
Watched Beastly with Allison! That movie is so good! :)
You make a gorgeous GaGa!!
ugh, God. are you bored or something? WHat's with all this weather craziness. Make it go make it go.
anyone who tweets kn vacation is not enjoying themselves enough
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love. ~Mother Teresa
I have a new Avatar......thoughts? Disclaimer......there's a reason I'm in radio and not TV.
and I'll bet you she could beat you in straight sets, chumpzilla ...
My daughter just informed me, that she wants archery lessons. I’m having visions of our household pets being accidentally impaled by arrows.
I'd like to be cuddling 💚
Today I did a total of 57 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups Android app. (Week 1, Day 3, Level 3)
I used to work in Chicago... Oh I don't remember anything else but we'll be there.
I like it when you call me big papa
i love kitty
The fanciful collective nouns ("click of photographers") are rarely actually used, just collected in lists.
#TEDxUofW YouTube better than live? Sometimes YES! Choose, pause, repeat, ...
Just got off phone w/ who has no idea what the techs are doing. Will call me back however, it's turned me off.
What's MySpace? RT : I forgot what u even could do on MySpace.
Thanks, it was!
RT : Wear orange or Centraal gear to Sunday for the game and get a free Silly Pils.
So contemporary art history is writing stories about art works that remove them from their market and place them into art.
She a bold face lie!
BBVA Compass Stadium looks really, really awesome on television. Congrats to the Dynamo.
Matthews, Marcotte, & Hare? That's a lot of institutional knowledge leaving the room. May you all enjoy long & happy retirements, gentlemen.
Shaq is a Prince Hall Freemason. Get down or bow down!
Hate when people assume shit
My #NationalCoffeeDay cup is Irish Style, if you know what I mean lol...have a great day coffee lovers!!!
Happy Merry everyone! May you all spend quality time with your favorite people and eat, drink and be silly. I know Elf is in our DVD *hehe*
Is there an #ala12 Super Shuttle discount code yet?
Chief Meteorologist Flash Flood Fabe with your 94 Zone Forecast for San Antonio~High of 95~It's going to be hot everywhere! Wear deodorant!
That said, when I see "Stony Brook Medicine", I think, "local neighborhood drugstore"...
Just over here at BDW
CANT WAIT FOR UR NEW STORY TO COME OUT !!!!!
On at 9pm, hear from the "back of the pack." They finished the #BostonMarathon after the official clock came down, but they finished!
in a lot of places, if the car is running, your'e driving. whether you're moving or not.
You and the drink look fabulous!
just a rumor
Broadcast Minds is coming. Tue 4/17. Industry Leaders. The Future of TV. We're days away from sharing BIG news:
#HowToGetRejected jus be yourself, that always works for me -__-
nice to be off after a rough week at work
Happy Memorial Day Weekend! Let's celebrate!
I hope everyone had a nice holiday....
hey sorry but I have tweetlimit. =( sorry
We remain cautious in supporting HB1238 b/c the research indicates that retention isn't a sustainable long-term solution
Edouard Manet...beard of the day...that's what we say. Check it out...www.greatbeardsofhistory.com
haunted haunted haunted wheat bread
Jersey Shore Coming on soon but im tired smh imma end up missing the entire season nd imma be mad </3
Man the B1G was nasty this year. This is the 5th place team taking Kentucky to the wall on a neutral ct.
austin will ruin you. but only for the better. :-)
i don't want to let you go
I think I'm going to cheer for the Tardinals since UK is so terrible
Awww haha happy mother's day to your mom too! <3 :)
Stereo Up Music video is done! Will have link up soon! Unbreakable Ent!
Looking forward to the launch party this Friday for the non-profit I began to help needy kids. www.ehwear.org/
You're cracking me up Zumba! =D was filmed near a cliff today overlooking city of St. George, UT
Dear shopping ladies: The proper response to "How are you?" is great, good, fine, shitty, not "Just looking."
#MyPastRelationships made me stronger and wiser
RT I'm giving away a free pair of tickets to see Lauryn Hill on Tuesday night at the in Pomona. RT to win.
Come on we can so do it !
AA raised 3x and no action. Darn
What's so good about picking up the pieces?
Really ready for it to be 5:00 PM on Friday. To bad it's only 3:30 PM on Thursday.
: Central Texas Shootout Austin, Pearland, Duncanville, Milwaukee Wisconsin. Those are ours upcoming tourneys.
Winter Winds - Mumford & Sons(:
Has anyone put their handle on a headstone yet? That will be the
you have to arrive pretty early to avoid the crowds, but my ranchero omelette was pretty awesome.
gotta stay loyal to the ATL!
My mouth automatically says "shit" when something wrong happens.
I always do that at the Mavs game! :)
Stay the same and tell them to get breast implants???....
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. - Colin Powell.
": #Leo your whole personality is dynamic and attractive to others."
Thank you! There really is...that's my favorite picture ever!
Human beings are the only creatures on earth that allow their children to come back home. - Bill Cosby
god i hate people
“: #RiseandShine - name one healthy thing u'll eat today! :)” oatmeal with bananas for BF after good workout.
How come no one ever releases a poll featuring dead democratic voters? They represent a large & underappreciated voting block in the state.
its so funny how in about five minutes, my mind changed completely.
The expectations of life depend upon diligence; the mechanic that would perfect his work must first sharpen his tools. Confucius
Plz report in Where are you rocking out & how is it?
Come out to the Freescale in Oak Hill from 6a-10a and donate to Bikes for Kids! Anything helps! Freescale will be matching your donations!
Thanks you Notification of gate chg before any other travel app in use
RT : Charles Barkley just gave some good advice during the half time show! North and South vs East and West.
No I don't.
Stuller: #MadMen is difficult to watch because of its treatment of women, but it's brilliant for the way its women subtly resist.
And my knee still hurt cause I don't kno how ta pop it
Started working on the Pilot today. Every journey begins with a first step.
third time's a charm? Yet another kick ass concert!
what are these yoga plants you speak of?
Fear that the technology won't work after a well planned lesson with no "plan B"
We've had over 1000 views for the Pilot episode in just 3 days! Thanks everyone for your continuous support - it's overwhelming!
At last #atxunscripted stop for the day. Latest quote: Preserving neighborhoods means preserving identity.
I prefer the "NYC copying ROC" story and I am sticking to it despite evidence to the contrary. ;)
Michael's Name would be Toast n they call Terry Eclipse lmao
Cool I'm just happy I spent 3 hours with him and got to hang out and talk that's a privilege and I love
we could be so lucky!
his followers
;-) a pleasure.
What a long week, time for a huge nap.
I gave so many rides tonight
Bagel Bites for dinner
Terrifying. They look like Gottfried Helnwein paintings.
yea he's gonna get put on blast fuck that....I need to get on a computer to repost it I'm on my stupid blackberry
Kris humphries is a big oaf.
He's a kid. And bashing really great trucks. It's just childish. Food trucks have it tough enough with our city laws.
CHRIS MUELLER....GO ADS!
<3 new songs will be coming very soon!
Atlanta has weakest fans in all sports ... Unbelievable knows
So am I!
I want a hamburger NOW!!!!! :p
And a happy Friday to you all!
That may have just been the lamest tweet I've ever sent. But it's lameness makes me giggle inside. I'm a total geek.
Great to be connected Kevin! Thanks for the follow.
I was listening to Kiss FM this morning and they were playing TLC songs - it was fabulous.
Do you trip off of your girl cheating if she fucking him, but she is taking care of you in every way possible while cheating?
The Emerald Agency Advantage
and baby everything i have is yours, you will never go cold or hungry, ill be there when you insecure.BEST SONG EVER MADE! <3
Why didn't immortal song invite piggy doll into the show?.
Now following follow back?(:
You should ask author/filmmaker about *his* computer set-up at Starbucks--!
Fletcher's priorities: rebuilding economy, 21st century jobs; rebuild education system:
Great Spin meeting in Southlake tonight. Proposed development on 10 acres at 930 East Dove Road.
Good game
This wasn't the case at all, but I think it's disgusting when bands turn their fan clubs loose on critics.
Why was that #msu player crying on the bench?
Putting yourself out there and pushing to network with potential employers, companies and individuals at events such as The Big Ten Career..
What you can conceive as a child of God, you can accomplish as the Lord leads and the Holy Spirit enables. Charles Stanley
YES! honestly, i'll be in dc tomorrow i'm not doing anything today
I love it when my students actually learn something.
RT ": you are so cute lol *random*" < Thank You! Xoxo
yes I'm hoping I can get there this weekend!
I don't recall that, but I did a lot of drugs back then... #scriptchat RT always said 'embrace the cliche'
editing again w random old movies on mute in the background. man, people in 1965 really danced like they were on crack
I love how the #Sncommunity comes together to help each other. Always!
LA City Council has voted unanimously 5,100 times this year. That's 97.4% of their votes. #LAgov #math via
I almost forgot to mention the Jets employee who tripped a Dolphins player during the game. What a classless organization
In Blacksburg, VA attending rising start-up Lujure's Hack-a-thon event, and celebrating their first investing round of $550,000.
Voter reg deadline 12 days away. Get your health care employees to polls. For voter reg drive tips, go to HOSPAC website...
“: It's a beautiful place. Im glad I can call it home &hearts;” amen. Ready to bring it in Navarre tonight!
lol it is a #NoTweetZone about the Lakers tonight lol now the game over time to hit this bed lol
Good food at the exchange:-)
Baltimore Office of Sustainability offering 3 different grants to schools and organizing City School Sustainability Day on Nov. 12.
Its mad funny when niggas get rashed tryna be hard body
it is WORLD VOICE DAY on April 16th - PREPARE TO MAKE SOME NOISE!
weird. it's repeating my tweets.
The Sing Off has become a horrible show.
We're excited for Michael Cavanaugh's "Music of Elton John" tomorrow. Tweet us your favorites by Sir Elton & follow the piano man
I listen to Justin every night before I go to sleep. I listen every type of music. I want Bruno to come out with something new.
so do u feel big? n nah it's impossible to get me mad
i may be reaching but i doubt it, the Nuggets would've been a better series. OKC would win, but they might mess around and sweep these boys
#Clemson is definitely benefiting from #FSU's pitching and fielding woes. 5-0 Tigers.
YES! we read them.
Just got done recording the new video! I'll put it up sometime this weekend?
Deeper understanding!!! :)
"When Harry Met Hartmut's Face."
Ryan Gosling in Crazy Stupid Love ❤
Serving God & doing it his way sometimes seems like it keeps me broke.
#ghettocrayolacolors i can only see your teeth at night White .
Congrats on all your amazing awards you've received since 2009. We just received the newsletter.
You'll make the most of all the sadness, I'll be a bitch because I can.
Going to the gym in the summertime feels like I'm slapping Mother Nature in the face and returning her gifts.
I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both so much!♡7
Rihanna makes everything better
I worry for you sometimes little buggy 🐛
A birthday sign,cupcake,andd a card for my boiiifrannn I'm so sweet;)
I want a personal shopper...food and clothes.
he plays captain America and he is a gorgeous man haha! But either way it really was stinking amazing! I recommend it
i feel like everyone needs to know how depressed requiem for a dream just made me. how am i supposed to sleep now?
I'm on my "fuck that bitch shit" you use to be the shit but now you aint shit bitch
Wow, thanks Mark! RT : is the best thing to come to East County in a long time. Fantastic staff..incredible food!
I worship the quicksand he walks in. ~ Art Buchwald about Richard Nixon
I'm looking for a new icon pic of Ariana!!! can anyone help me find one? I will give full credit! :)
Thank you, ma'am. I appreciate you reading my tales. I shall pour from my pitcher of cheer in your honor.
presenting "mediation advocacy" seminar/CLE to Clearwater Bar Association tomorrow at noon - my hometown - good to get home!!
mighty cute look she has going on there.
Lmfao that Swimming scene is GREATNESS :D
#HowToPissAFemaleOff ask her would she mind if u saw other women on your wedding night
Hey, thanks for the RT Mike!
Oral bacteria could be responsible for foodborne infection
#TwitterlessDavidBrown is totally done with s&m
will work on those, any others?
YOU WILL KNOW I AM ANOINTED!!!!
Should be here in the next few weeks, we hope! We will let you know on that one as well...
lookin nice n the gold!!!
Thunder butchered the Lakers, now I gotta listen to Charles Barkley butcher the English language.
i love you ! #BeliebingUntilMy♥StopsBeating ! Please Never ever forget about your #beliebers ! ♥ I , we , love you so much!
Video 5 is up
I am high as fuck! Yes SIR!!!
Since no one else will say it, I will. Will Ferrell probably isn't a good lay.
Did anyone else see all the Kony 2012 posters outside?!?!
Well that and....
Daniel Boom Dj will be in the mix and making us dance 'til we drop !!! So CU Thursday night MamboCafe Dallas !!!
Raiders K Sebastian Janikowski sets Raiders single-game record for made field goals with six
#Google+ anyone? Let's be circle buddies!
not supportive if his stance I take it?
Portugal: No plans yet to reopen Madeleine McCann case Portuguese police have not yet found any new evidence to merit reopening the inv
Thanks for the #FF, Happy New Year!
Does everyone like the new Drew Haze pics that were uploaded?!
happy new year <3 end our year on a good note nd tweet us <3 from ur biggewst fans in america Rena and Gabby <3xxx
yeah my daughters private event!!!!! We are so excited!!!
Hah, event trigger/bind pattern
Havin a chill night, dinner, Drinks and watchin the game:) ->KimBeezy<-
Good morning ☼
#NP Here comes the sun - the beatles
You're far too kind RT I've decided to produce/record/mix any project that Justin Krol has for free, for the rest of my career.
ROCK T IS A GENIUS CUZ HE ONLY DOES 2 STORIES A DAY
Finally a good radio station 2 listen 2
Carl's boyfriend disgusted by progress. RT Mayor Declares Victory Over Budget Crisis... cue eye roll.
Masturbation exercises are believed to benefit women with orgasm difficulties for a number of reasons.
need jumbo screen printing? contact us for a friendly quote.
sounds good to me!
So where you at? Im starting to think you may have lost my number. If you need it let me know, I would like to talk to you.
Took the day off to hang with my son on his 3rd b-day. What a great day!
Thanks for the retweet! We hope you can make it to the celebration!
Solid IBJ article in IBJ on Congrats JV! Even the full-color photo of you didn't look TOO bad ha!
Paul Orfalea a most successful entrepreneur, despite (or because of) his dyslexia. www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAHal48eokk < a must see!!!
world due to its evident advantages. Among them:
I can't wait to see/hear about them :-)
Ken Those base camp treks (Everest for sure) will be the coolest thing you've ever done. Don't listen to "it's too touristy".
agree 100%. Sad to see you go, but moss is dead to us!
Homemade Pecan Pie for breakfast courtesy of
“Say a little to say a lot.”
Congrats on Avengers!!! FIngers crossed it does okay! HA! Can't wait to see it.
Zimmermans attorneys quit......
I am Newt Gingrich and I am the President of the United States. Newt's recorded message just delivered to the citizes of Moon.
I started having my players do a success log after practice... can't wait 2 c if they work harder 2moro on things they want to improve
thats like getting a tatto of your significant others name on you, just plain dumb.
and da skin com right off. Den ya fed ex to ur enemy to say u will murda dem. One time!
you get a pass then, lol. Mnt can be mind-boggling!
Good Night Twit.
lol it's true!
The Wanted.<3
too bad everyone hes mine because im the only one who really knows him in reaal life soo be jealous :DD
Our generation will make the weirdest ghosts. "Who are you? What do you want?" Ghostly moan: "Your mom!"
You'd LOVE the smell of Patrick's Sunscreen then. Smells good enough to eat. www.patrickssunscreen.com to request a sample.
Thanks for the RT ladies!
If you're in Philly, you must go see perform on thirdbird's Seen & Heard 4. They are fantastic, and so full of energy!
Off to filming....
Last show tonight. Then I'm off for two weeks!
Perfect day for an after-work #run!
Powerwashing extraordinaire? Was the best I could do? LOL need help
Hi Fellow members! I am looking for a recommendation for a company that provides fun "take away" items for our booth at infocomm conference…
I like that got me into Rick Ross on her special the other night.
I want to make t-shirts that say "I'm a slut and I vote."
If only dogs could pick up their own poop once in a while they would be perfect! "No, I got it this time brotha step aside !"
Email, I thought it was over but then I realized I can't escape you M-F. You are like a bad breakup that won't end.
lol thx telling it was on mrkt. I seriously probly would bought & couldve paid most if not all cash
miss you vin!
no you love me
hope production is going well! Hope to connect again in the future.
why would i ever think of leaving you?
asked would this of happened if he was white How can we depend on THIS media to bring us truth
Follow me please :D.,,
What am I excited about? #beezle and our first show in nearly 3 years.
RT My favorite religion is that one that doesn't try to force their beliefs on you. What's that one called again?
Things will happen in your life that you cant stop. But thats no reason to shut out the world.Theres a purpose for the good and for the bad
"Human nature will not change. In [future trials] .. we shall have [men] as weak and as strong, as silly and as wise, as bad and as good."
true in US 2 some degree in both edu & hc, but more true w/ edu I think. edu is still more public in US than hc, no?
Yes then we can drink lattes, lose weight, and watch Getty videos on iPads together.
Thank you Barbara. We really hate leaving the house. We hope the next folks will like it as much as we do :)
#loex2010 what fields are served best by Twitter monitored by a librarian?
“God does speak—sometimes one way and sometimes another—even though people may not understand it.” Job 33:14 (NCV)
Chevy apocalypse got the most laughs
2/4 people were goons. That's pretty high percentage wise for Art Skool.
Like Joel Osteen, I 'm also a cry baby. NOT because I'm weak but because I CARE and FEEL DEEPLY.
#40days till #BELIEVE ...EXCITED!!!! love youu
East coast West coast beef lol. Fuck da West.
#Love that! RT "from the #ashes of disaster grow the #roses of #success" - Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.
A7: Also, if you are thinking about software provisioning in the cloud, think about software licensing!
yeah!! (: and Ikr!?!? Ugh it would be amazing!! Maybe tomorrow I'll try to get people to tweet #MomLetEmilyGoSeeAustin! Haha
Join Pocket Full of Rocks, Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge, Morris Chapman, Cape First Worship & more for the hottest worship conference of the year!
hey you, how r u
Kids + balloons + big cardboard box =
Thanks. I almost died b/c it was so hot and sunny. We did a walking trail. I feel great though.
Congratulation to all my VCU English graduates! Special Woot! For Cebrina and Brooke.
Hey Jason. No problem. Just getting over this weird sore throat/jaw bug. Hope you're doing better! haha
It was wonderful! Thank you :) RT : We hope you enjoyed your birthday with us! C ome back soon!
Living life like you should
without my lab it's a C
Why are my allergies so bad today?! Fuck allergies, there's no point to them!
“A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.” ― Eleanor Roosevelt
Yeaah & tell him hes dumb OMG imma ssend you a link to a video OK .
You can still enter to win our gift certificate giveaway! All new followers in April will be entered in our May 1 raffle. Yay!!!
Logic Pro update, thank you very much.
when ? & did you text the right number ?
#3WordsForYou I. NEED. SUMMER.
I'm superstitious.
Get your self under control, before you try to get me under control.
It's SuperJim! Too funny!
Got my very first copy of in the mail today. "Hilarious, In the Wrong Way" by Stephen Ornes starts off my subscription
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA Ruby is at the hospital.
I was ready to tap out on but the Let's be Bad Times Square episode and now Ivy's I'm Going Down felt raw/spontaneous. I'm in!
We're doubled blessed to have the presence of , feminist writer & scholar, who accompanied her mother
You gonna be there? will be exhibiting & speaking on Sat. RT : Great Southern Comfort review from
finally welcome to glee
Need focus.
Have you ever had a fly or small bug land on your computer screen and your first reaction is to try and scare it with the cursor?
awesome congrats on the autotune box !!! Please follow Me? luv ya thanks(:
Need custom screen printing? Visit www.inkscreens.com!
Excited to be off to #THATCamp Prime in June!
One of the best days on the market in a month
Great job Indianapolis. The Super Bowl Host Committee did a fantastic job!
rocks my socks!
Alright , iim bout to go make this cereal.
Fac want: online collaborative workspaces, online exhibits, database-driven websites, conference websites, cont.
I'm holding out for the mullet instead.
your copy of jQuery is 404 on the login page. url looks like it has a typo
At LAX, grabbing lunch with mum before security. Boston is bitterly, painfully cold. Looking forward to Cali.
Ate at John's TexMex fer lunch n let's face it, best and cheapest food in
I would believe that if I was in a Town Watch, in FL, and I shot an unarmed White teenager, the Police should shoot me, and not let me go.
No. He is asleep 😔
Why do I feel like everyone at my school is out to get me!?!? Except of course, my friends!! It's no fair!
Looking forward to watching you play this year! I take my son to the Boone games. I bet its crazy when WP comes through.
#preparethem Newt looks like white, wrinkled walrus.
Actually now that I remember I have to go finish my other homework I'm so sorry please forgive me but if I don't finish it by
UNA NOCHE IS HAVING ITS NORTH AMERICAN PREMIERE AT TRIBECA FILM FESTIVAL TOMORROW...CANT WAIT!!!!
Ten’s favorite quote: Assumptions are the termites of relationships. Henry Winkler
any word on who will be the backup QB?
Thank you, Randy
RT I believe in the IMAGINATION. What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see-D Michaels
posted about 1D. LIFE IS COMPLETE. MY OBSESSIONS.
She should get some coffee mugs made. That's really how you change the conversation.
Some times I just want to punch a bitch. In Dr office & this mother of an aspie. She is bein so fuckin awful to him.
Love the passover post! Making matzah toffee tomorrow morning.
It's the best things in life... Positive attitude...positive thoughts...its all good :-)
There is no security on this earth, there is only opportunity
lol o well cant change it now :p
i love little visits <3
I want my cake and I want to eat it too. I want to have fun and be in love with you.
hair salon downtown
Newt Gingrich is an invented person.
Willow, you could bring Buffy back from the dead, but it took YEARS for you to figure out how to turn Amy human again after she was a rat?!
Ready to get home and get in the bed i SWEAR
hhhhhhheeeyyyy wanna follow me?
cool. my mom promised me she would let me go to the movies for my birthday. now I'm punished, because she's in a pissed off mood. wtf
“The time is always right to do what is right.” ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
ah ha! That is right next to the
hell yeah!
Happy New Year, Houston!! Thanks for a great 2011 and here's to an even better 2012!!!!!
but I love her
@ avengers midnight showing!!
your head is exploding isn't it?
Happy carnival guys!! Hope you have a hilustrious samba and day! PS: Welcome o the Brazil !!
I know I have said this a few times recently but 4G is here!!!!! The Samsung Galaxt Tab 10.1 is ready and waiting for you!!!!!
Crutches + Forrest Gump-like leg brace
That Verizon commercial with the mom & daughter is hilarious. 
i'm happy now that i didn't have opportunity to play until HS. nothing wrong with flag FB til then
I'm here to help folks RT Thanks, Dan!
hell yea bruh do it to em
Attempts to use a single ingredient or growth factor just don’t do the job that the right combination does.
I don't mind living in a man's world, as long as I can be a woman in it.
Or I need to bite the bullet and set up RSS or use Google Reader. Hate to miss posts that people are keen on sharing.
Being side swiped in ur new car #sucks!
Follow Me On Instagram Nothing But DOPE Shit .
Atom smasher restarts to prepare for new science AP - Operators of the world
I love the smell of fresh cut grass as soon as it starts to get warm outside! What is your all time favorite smell?
Yes, I'm quite hungry.
I had to throw the 5's as my fifth because it was the first pair I ever owned and I can't leave em out…
Leaving Chicago for a weekend never felt so good. Getting away from the mess.
Sarasota Real Estate Tip #4 - If you are considering a home on the water in Sarasota make sure you ask...www.luxurysarasotarealestate.com
miss you already
WI Conservatory of Music sends greetings and best wishes for your weekend of awesome music!!
I need one day to recoup but let's get it Nas!
I thank you Andrew Wiggins is the best player in high school, what do u think?
Why does my cat keep trying to eat my iPod case?!
If she would nap in her crib, I would get so much more done.
got chips for our "French party" haha.
They say retweetin Poised Creation is might give you a higher IQ!!!
Loving my life!!💋
Spring is in the air and in the bakery as seasonal treats are available at starting tomorrow!
omg I can't believe you and went to boot camp again this morning. I'm still hurting!
I'm not kidding its the worst thing I've ever had to do
Love your morning show on ! Props bro! Are you on facebook too, besides the Wild 107.7 page?
aha sure, what do you want? , what you eating? :)
Tonight! The Chris Hansen Band (feat Glenn Asch and Rae Cassidy) will take the stage at 7:30. All ages, no cover!
": lead generation" what the hell is that? Some sort of nucular panar plant?
naa...they post their sched on twitter & their site...they're obligated to farmers market weds..they is be busy chicitas
Forgot to tell happy birthday Yesterday :/ but happy belated birthday friend (:
I replied via DM :)
What's up Dude ;)
My family was denied health coverage 3 years ago because my wife had ONE infertility treatment 8 years ago. The status quo is unacceptable.
GOTCHA, Thanks! RT : 18th & G (or Penn) could use some cupcake love!
Yea prolly not getting any sleep tonight.
Why so much 3 guard rotation tonight too? Did not seen that effective to me...
Your ambiguous ethnic blend perfectly represents the dream of the American melting pot
great work today!
You can do it!! I know you can!
HACKERS CANT HACK US NO MORE !
#RealTalk RT : Paul Lee: "Scandal is amazing and is just brilliant"
People don't really take the time to get to know me.
That really made me feel good. Thank you Sarah! Akdhagah you're adored by so many!
Took a shower! Braided my huuur! time to go mimis! man its warm in my room D:
Your realtor is your business partner. Research and pick a networker who uses social media for promotion.
Omg #storyofmylife RT : #ZodiacFacts Many #Pisces, cling to their past as a way of trying to understand the present.
Dennys rite quick.
Bittersweet, your going to be the death of me, I don't want you, but I need you, I love you and hate at the very same time
Epic happy hour last night, we've started the front bar takeover!
we saw the sign :( When are you reopening?
looking forward to it.
Just wanted to say a) you're awesome and b) it was great seeing you this past week at #cbb2012. Good luck w/the dissertation!
def. the gummy bears!!!
I was with them for awhile. But once they all ended back up in prison it was like WTF!!! Let me know how it ends though.
": Oh & I love you guys ^.^ , pretty girls don't fight !" Lmao right . Their Waaat prettier than them.
lol yes I SHOULD , but we don't do ANY work , so I use it as my personal music class !
maybe i'm so underwhelmed by instagram because i know how to do all that stuff with cameras, or in the darkroom?
Worst ladyparts doctor ever.
YO FOOL, It would be cool if you called me:)
congress on 1 year of derby!
forget ASAP rocky it's Aesop rock all day the og And where that other dude stole his name from
Happy Birthday
Love women that cook
you ok?
I can definitly do that no problem!!!!lol
With Google, GU will have 25GB email storage per user!
If you want to sneek out in the middle of the night, baby i should be on your mind
Is there a cure for women with bad attitudes?
I LOVE YOU. YOU CAN TELL US ANYTHING. Please, tell us what's going on. I hate seeing you like this.
The Sonos Studio: New LA venue for exhibitions, concerts, listening parties, film screenings, lectures, workshops & more....
Making others feel better generally makes us feel better."
Do the USB outlets waste a significant amt of vampire power keeping USB rectifier/xfrmr hot?
Mind blowing never felt so good
If I've done my calculations correctly, then I should be able to jump back in time 5 minutes.
Hey /rhcb-authors! We're looking for a few authors to participate in virtual visits with K12 students this fall. Interested?
Im so ready to get out of this class
The only article on Wikipedia you can access during the blackout: ow.ly/8xEAo -
Watching TV with no lingering guilt...this is amazing. Finally catching up on Mad Men.
Lots of new folks just showed up on my Talk contact list -- even some people I have never e-mailed before. G+ integration craziness?
Do you want to get more votes for your panel? Write a blog post and make your case. Accepting submissions now at cluncon at gmail dot com.
so true for me. it can be paralyzing. MT : desire 4 perfection can keep us from trying to care for our [family] materials.
Angry words fan the fire like wind.
Lesson 5 from - focus on what matters most. Your time and resources are always scarce - use them wisely.
lol I woke up for school and my mom was like dan do you wanna go to school? and I was like no and went back to sleep hahaha
Dmy lemonade taste good
Really hoping manutd play a strong game today. They have good character & that goes a long way over the season
love you
Nearly 3 million children have a parent in jail or prison in US.
One more record for #Brett #favre!!
Thank you! :)
ah ha!
haha classic. Your right. Maybe throw Virgils son into the act haha if he has one!
Do "artisanal" hand-printed tees count? Just checking...for a friend.
you have pretty hair! I bet you can throw some braids in and take them out tomorrow
A few months ago. I dont remember when but it was near GRB.
dude 79 is not much
Enjoy your day, Coach!! RT : Happy B Day Coach Calhoun
haha yes. But I probably pop up, because I am the one kid from our graduating class that went to WVU
When ur videochatting with someone & they receive everything ur saying late so you just sit there with a blank face until they get it <<
Lol I'm sure I speak for the whole team....
Al Green still has the silky smooth sound.,,even if he looks more like Al Roker these days.
"everything feels right, standing in your light" she's standing in God's light now. So sorry for 's loss, such sad news
Let's just be clear ... No matter if marijuana was found in #TRAYVON Martin's system - Zimmerman still SHOT him in COLD BLOOD! End if story!
Props to Vikings. Played that one perfectly. Used the media and misinformation. Got their man, gained extra picks.
Glad there won't be a QB controversy with the #Browns. Best of Luck to the new offense.
Lions pick time! SECONDARY!
thanks for following me everyone ! Here's to 350 more !
American Idol Insider: Who&#39;ll Go Home Tonight and Who&#39;s Safe?
#Imagine Louis:"I'll call you tomorrow, babe.'' You:"Okay." [12:01am] *Phone rings* You:''Hello?'' Louis:"It's tomorrow."
Great article!!
She will be loved :)
Heading to for #liveonkomo party - representing
i so wanted to go too. at least i was able to take a long break &listen on the radio. same here chica. que descanse en paz.
how did you find out?
I have a follower in Chicago who's a friend of my friend in there and apparently has an interest in curves LOL
every disney and nickelodeon star is a singer. It's quite annoying honestly
wow, congrats!!!
Reach out to I'm sure they can direct you to the right places.
Hope you enjoyed the show :)
Red Bull and the song Superhero by
Just cut up a human heart with a steak knife, feels good man.
Are you referring to the Huskies or the refs?
We're open 12-6 today! Stop by and see The Piers: Art and Sex along the NY Waterfront.
RIP Whitney Houston. So sad for her daughter and her family.
“The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.” ― Albert Einstein
Watching water boy :)
#LordJesus. I Repent of my Sins. Come into my heart. I Make you my Lord and Saviour.
I found love, in a hopeless place!! :D love !!
I have just created a new list titled 'Investing' using TweetDeck
Thanks to all of them! RT : There are 70 locations that agreed to support with a donation box.
Heroes, yes!! Unsung, not so sure. RT : Will Allen, founder of has to be one of Milwaukee's greatest insung Heros
they eat bamboo duh
life is fun ♡
And I'll pour out my heart hold your hand in the car, write a love song that makes you cry.
Dear 1%, Be afraid. Be very afraid. We have nothing left to lose and everything to gain by standing up. Love, 99%
Happy Monday All! Mondays can be rough.Great day to get even more focused on what we really want, need and desire in/out of life. :)
Thanks to for adding me to the list /tweets-about-nonprofits
This cab driver just asked me if I have kids...... 😳
Cats may not be better than dogs.....But Wildcats are better than Huskies. Come on down to BBN!!!
Just finished research study 2, now heading to class.
Who remembers the coconut shrimp from the Marlin! When we used to throw our party there, I would order every week! The sauce so amazing!!!
Sounds great - Skype? if so I am Cleanjourney send an invite - or we can phone - let me know what works best! Look forward!
I'm moving to Japan in 1 and a half weeks! I'll be living rurally but hope I can find/create a local scene!
yeah bro love you
Happy Holidays!
Sarah Webster Goodwin: faculty who get involved in assessment are seen by colleagues as having joined a "Vichy-like collaboration"
Stress eating thru the 3rd period
yay!! awesome picture!!
Yeah, I have to get up at 4 to go to work.
hahahaha all the salt
Yes!!! Quite fun!!!! We're all family, after all! :)
Please help support The V Foundation for Cancer Research Auction on now through July 13th. Visit www.espnradio.com for more info.
You mean nothing to me. What bothers me is that your giving me a bad name.
YouTube her name
Deep thoughts by me :)
We love when people bring their pets! What kind do you have?
Hahaha - My husband is like you should join Mike's wife in San Diego
Goodnight :) sweet dreams
I thank God everyday for guiding me on the right path to become the man I am today! #AwesomeGod!
All this lightning...but where's da thunder?? LOL
Someone should put a shit load of animals at the school as a prank
9 more days of school. I can do this.
hey come to Brazil :) haha
Afte this tweet, know this. It's now on the record. Your suppressing black sentiment just further lit the fire for a race riot!
yes ma'am
funny guy.
current or past episodes?
I don't dread death because I believe it is a transition. Our souls can't be destroyed. I know we are going to live in another life.
I don't agree with alchohol in the morning. I mean I agree with it, but the booze from last night don't. -kemmler
A storm that's lost has all its options open, & the whole wide world stretched out before it, waiting.
is your salon on palo alto or do you just online? email me and we will collab!
Never been to Tiffany's before
You:But God what if my strength gives out? God:You have mine. :) \o/ God Bless.
Thanks to for using social networking skills to provide on-the-fly bit.ly training for children’s programming staff!
I like good intentions, but at some point even the best intentions are corrupted when drawn from or used to promote lies.
If your mate has a part of his or her body that aches, spend a few minutes massaging it.
Dumbass phone wasn't updating tweets... sorry I didn't see these earlier. You might just be my new favorite person ever. ^_~
Wow, rental car Ford Focus gets 29 MPG, it's powered by Microsoft & I'm not a speeding ticket target. Should I trade in the "General Lee"?
now im watchin strawberry shortcake
RT : aaargh! data center screwup with new machines. So much for 30 minutes. We're SO close!| Dude, just use 1,000,000 iPads!
He 's Still Got It! Brad Pitt Suits Up for Critics ' Choice Awards Brad Pitt has been getting some flack lately for no longer bringing it
Shut up already.
Call me a answering machine cuz ill always pick up when u call.
No more naps for me. I can't sleep. :c
I just got my second wind...wish my body didn't do this almost every night.
I love how there are all these Knicks fans now that they have a squad... SMH... 5 years ago u were probably Nets fans or Default Laker fans
Southwest middle school I'm in 8th grade
Happy Thanksgiving! /yd
#GamerPickupLines If I was the Skull Kid, an ocarina wouldn't be the only thing I would take from you ;)
after a porch dinner and 2 glasses of wine last night i fell asleep at 8:30 in all my clothes, as per usual lately. :)
ha, not likely. is on the ARoid band wagon
...what kind of soft adolescence leads one to see this as "troubling" and "vicious" rather than typical behavior for boys?
who are u routing for?!?!?
that's exactly how I feel about her class -.- she said this semester was suppose to be super easy!
your missing out on 5 dollar footlongs with
me too :( our family is too far apart right now
I love the song radiation by Gavin Degraw ...it's been on repeat for about 2 hours..it's just so catchy
We have kids in our school that passes notes with each other when they're right beside each other and I'm like WTF!!!!!!!
Yes yes yes
Addictions are hard to break. I wish him the best. I think Wfan will be okay w Sid.
OMG PLZ LET ME BE FOLLWER #26!!! OR SOME WHERE IN THE 50'S PLEASE
Yeaa cause he called me when he got outta practice and i tricked him like you was over here and he said he was bout too come.
I finish 2 projects, 2 more come along. Short, must finish by mid-May before I leave for Indiana. If I get that Jelly Belly gig, I'm sunk.
Fun at the We Are Ohio phone bank. Talked 2 a man for 15 mins. He challenged me...but I think I convinced him to vote NO on Issue 2!
Why thank you so much! We'd actually love to hook you up with a free download of the album....
Always looking for fresh new talent and opportunities...
CLOSER~~~need I say more??? Muahahahahahahahahaaaa!!!¡¡¡!!!
jonathan -at- wpforce d0t com please
what happened to the power in Merrill and Johnson?
does this offer still stand if I do it tomorrow?? Haha
Sounds like your a busy guy.
right?! As if doll parts weren't creepy enough on their own...
What up brotha?!Have you ever done an Insanity workout? If so, what do you think of it?
"The best way to make people remember you? Borrow money from them."
I'm not lien
; when I first saw you I already knew, there was something inside of you, Something I thought that I would never find, Angel of mine.
What am I doing? Not giving a crap, and stealing Ian's USB port.
December/January is the plan.
Happy Friday! Iggy Pop is my guess. Cheers!
Viable explanations. I tweeted it after I saw a guy swinging said bag. We all probably agree he was way too into it.
Dj Cyn Spinnin At The Copper Top bottom of Peak 9 (Beaver Run chair) in Breckenridge at 2pm then the MLT tonight at 9pm! Come say what up!!
thanks so much to all who responded re: collections online study. I'll be in touch this week with some ideas on how to proceed
#fridayreads please look after mom
Check sheet and fixed/replied to your email.
PickUpLine: I�m starring in a porno movie. Would you help me learn my lines?
We're tapping the KBS today at 5
isn't it weird that marc anthony & jenifer lopez both have their own clothing lines at kohls?
man im pissed
oh yeah!! Your brother is hilarious by the way!
Tour guide: what do you make with flax? Larisa: floss? TG: um... No. Linens.
yeah. You should because it's not right to hate on when you don't know him. And thanks.
is asking the students where their bags of mud are right now, what they have done with it since receiving it.
Starbucks happy hour trip number 2 <3
Ok so my twitter name is now changed. It was FuckTristan it is now _TristanScott =)
Why does everything good always have to end up being so bad?
Yes! I need a pack of them to chase me. That would be really motivational!
I hate my life
Manatee-Sarasota group's measure to fight domestic violence awaits governor's ... - Bradenton Herald
It is 95 degrees and I had to have a matza ball soup from Eisenberg's on 5th Ave. When you are in NYC you must visit. est. 1929 wow.
Melancholia is a beautiful and inspiring film... Film making at it's best and performances to inspire!
and I have a very efficient system of passing papers to one another. She just throws them down the stairs.
Heh. I'm actually on a jarb interview from T-Th. How about later this wk?
Morning Rockstars! > United we stand, divided we fall. - Aesop
Sounds like you had a great weekend. Hope you're enjoying the sun today!
TODAY 3-7 Vietri founder is on-hand to sign and personalize purchases. HUGE selection instock.
I just realized that I get to participate/watch #DJFriday on next Friday because it will be summer break!!!:)
following back
Austin's working on abs? Oh hell yes, show me some.
Great story. Wow!
Sunday night anxiety has never been this bad. Is Gary still our boss or is that over?
lol ur up really early. Bt happy saturday to u too. Nd thank you.
Listening to
Reading Engagement From Scratch & REALLY getting value - thx! Congrats on your marriage - wishing you a lifetime of happiness!
Um I could go for a "Barrie Burger" slice! Thanks match maker!
omg heading to the commons where are you
Don't fear criticism, embrace it!
Got my verizon upgrade email today. Bam! - Droid in hand. No longer coveting wife's iPhone :)
The will be hosting at the United Center tomorrow eve. Buy your game tickets now: 888-493-0004
haters make me nauseous but the money makes me anxious
Doesn't mean it didn't happen. I hear people can delete tweets that embarrass them.
last year driver had 6td jones had 7. Driver had a much better 4th yr vs Jones 4th yr (last yr)
just... ignore me at this hour lol
Y'all are gonna need a bigger camera! RT : It's #ManlyFoodFriday... just reminding all of you out there. :)
Lol @ that #yinzer that just jumped in front of the camera during take me out to the ball game
Sterling Hayden is the man in that movie. The hooligan. remember he was once called "the viking god of hollywood"
We appreciate that! ": Happy mothers day to all the beautiful moms out there especially mine."
congrats on B&D
Because it implies a top & bottom which seems antiquated :
Doing some skiptracing and thinking about having a bowl of cocoa puffs. Am I the only one that craves weird food when working??
keep ya head up
": I just registered for my last quarter of law school. They are the last law school classes that I will ever take. <-- congrats!
Turn an old MagicJack into a Google Voice accessory
coffee and music make me feel pretty fantastic. :o)
I think we have a conundrum on our hands....
just handed 8 ref trax for some writing stuff in d-town...for something in chi...town....when i get more ill give it to you.....
I don't think I'll be seeing at Make Your Mark anymore :( sadd. But, CONGRATS!!!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe Men that throw temper tantrums
You must be new in town. MT : We couldn't have asked for a nicer day 2 vote. Results should be coming in shortly!
Truuuu RT : EXACTLY! But does mean BASEBALL is that much closer! Rt : The Superbowl is tomorrow yeah? ::YAWN::
what you know bout lol <-- lol one of my faves!! he needs to F w/me for a photo shoot!
We don't agree on anything. Nothing has changed, the internet has just allowed us to see that.
oh yes...fucking truth in advertising.
Actually, I think we still have Penn Camera on E Street. But the hood is definitely moving up. Saw a J Crew store is coming.
hm that's weird cuz they not clumpy or not that dry cuz I get a new one every month. My lashes are long tho?U think that's why?
Our NCAA bracket pool is down to two -- Kelly and Krista. Who will take it all? That's for Kentucky and Kansas to decide!
It's always time for a Dew. RT : It's time for a DEW.
Those are two dudes I could sit and listen to for hours too.
the good life
Thank you for the #FF! We are so excited to be bringing Dale Evans to a new Generation!
Things may come to those who wait, but only things left by those who hustle.
#youknowyouworktomuchwhen you can hear the drive thru and fryer beeps in your head!
Top Web Development Company India, Profit By Outsourcing, Announces Launch of its Multimedia Services
wow buehler misses pat
Jabbar Gafney bout to sign with #patriots that a good look
Roller derby Rec League! Here I come!!
#Ericchurch is one cool dude
I'm way too close to graduating. Way closer than I thought.
Happy Easter weekend all! We're happy to extend 10% off to our fans! Let us know if you need anything!
Also, niece Kathryn has asked for Vera Bradley for her birthday. I thought you would be proud!
sth very wrong with their registration system if you can only do one kid at a time
I think you should follow me eh? ;)
Kim Kardashian's perfume smells like butthole.
I wish I was :( her prom's tomorrow right?
But I know where you belong, it's right here next to me<21
are you happy now!!!!
Just when I'm all like "meh" on Coldplay, they're all like POW. WOW.
should have found the salad bar for the celery and the radishes and the onions and the green pepper . . .
maybe it's time for you to move too....snow and sun?
My boss says headphones are now banned and I have to come in every Saturday for at least the next month. FML.
Congrats on another big win! #Congrats to Dennis Chin on great effort! He wins on the field and battles #hunger too!
I think Romney is a douche bag and I don't want my president to be like that. I love 's character.
Good Luck Coach Garner as he leads Friendly HS against Millford Mill in MD State Semis
PTSD makes my problems all look like i just ran outta peanut butter
thanks, the video should be ready soon!
I am more than happy to return a kind gesture!!!! A million for the retweet.
Jason Richardson came off the bench for Matean Cleaves at Michigan State in 2000
Almodovar's "The Skin I Live In," a wild, classy, surrealistic and completely engrossing ride
i FINALLY got a twitter ! :)
So, if the #Colts sign Leftwich as back-up, do they have to give Stanton $500k & trade him somewhere he can be the back-up?
thanks man! We can never get used to hearing what out fans think of the music! It means so much to us having people show love!
You have way 2 much to say not to get it out to millions!
Wow t.co/O55y0YGj
Who needs a Route 44 Cherry Limeade or a Diet Cherry Limeade? Or try Strawberry. Sonic #Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd. West off exit 18 off 695
Thank you to all of our followers who are helping spread the word to fellow passengers and who are also giving us feedback on the new routes
your welcome! :)
'night Mother-F**ker with a Hat
Greg and Mary are off to for our quarterly review meeting!!! See ya'll soon!
#ThingsAboutMe favorite color is blue
Lester Bagley was on with Dave Lee earlier. What did he say about a Vikings stadium? Find out at 9AM from
it sucks but its ridiculously necessary
stop tweeting before i have a laugh attack! Lol jk love u guys
Check out Kraft's Superior Tile Notched Trowel in use on page 3 of the new
I've linked our twitter and tumblr and now everything is in sync! tweet us!
Thanks to all those who send me there emails and snippet beats I will be checking what u have to offer periodically thanks :)
Funny! No, it's actually a well known, large online payment & paperless billing co. Name withheld to protect the defiant.
Thank you!
thanks for the rec! I love them!
i need a new picture . ; text me .
bigger and better things to come! way to go
Followed you back(: I like the music
Http://www.facebook.com/home.php#!/pages/Solis-Energy-Inc/200060303341975 Solis first 1000 likes will win a chance for a gift card
I'm getting beated up in texting! Ugh. She sent 5 msgs within a min looool.
Can't wait till my hubby's out of the military. Back to normal life.
Are you and Pork Ryan still in BC? I'm jealous!
I am so tired I'm typing with my eyes closed.
Aquaculture looks back on 2009
I done had pizza and wings
Having a tasting of some of our beers today. Kolsch, hefeweizen, stout, ipa, double ipa, barleywine, oh my!
You know what the #Heat need right now? Tebow.
I will use fandango, so we can skip the line.
What if kids could be convinced to replace playing video games with reading or exercising?
Candyce can be your stage name for when you become a glam rapper!
Word of the day: Traditional
wow,u r slow xD <33
Geno. (as in Geno the generic guy)
google ron artest. Homeboy is crazy.where is his therapist now?
Id say I'm in a pretty god mood cause I got some cough medicine.
: go KIrsten
Just finished TRAIL OF THE SPELLMANS: Document #5 by
Just finished at #Mintwood Restaurant and have to say: INCREDIBLE food tonight. So excited to have neighbors like this! Check them out STAT.
ball out tonight young man! Let's see a top ten block or nasty putback
“I am convinced that life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent how I react to it.” ~ Chuck Swindol
all i need is my love and fam fuck everyone else
Laughing out loud to 's new DVD "Cats Made of Rabbits" at office. So funny! Filmed at too! Love it
RT : Starting is the hardest part.
Need food? Come see us at Lofty Dog! Many varieties on sale, including Wellness Cat, Orijen Cat Fish, and more!
Weird stat of the night #Yankees had only 1 run on 11 hits - O's 7 runs on just 7 hits
perhaps, do you have something in mind?
THANKS DARLIN! mwah :-*
Hope you are well. Glad to hear about your Kaiser experience.
Packing :/ don't really want to leave for work. But gotta get that $$$$
Q&A: Q notes #PGP participants mostly white men (those who volunteer w/o recruitment.) can a public built this way expand beyond that?
Looking for a good public place in the DMV to take pics inside...any ideas??? Inbox me or E-mail me:
just got off the phone with <3 I've missed our midnight talks ;)
My Shit Too Swollen :/
Better yet how will all of these ppl with tats look in 40 to 60 years with tats on their face
Dear diary, Finally on my way home from Alaska, caught 7 sea lions this year! Thanks Santa!
Another fine example of social sharing (without intent). I've just spammed my Facebook. Damn.
Today is Express Ya Self Tuesday on Street Heat Radio. We go live @ 6pm come get it off ya chest or better yet say it wit ya chest..!!
#Text MEATBALLS to 90210 & join Haulin Balls Food Truck VIP Baller Club for #event locations & #special #deals in #LasVegas!
What does it say? Helpful for you?
#glee lovin the performances!!!!!!
NO lol your good, trust me you don't lol. (:
SOA Software and Red Hat to Host API Management Webinar
It's best I go to sleep before I say something I regret
Especially since a manager has already called corporate on your unprofessional ass, and another intends to. Hell, I even may.
B-A-H on stage at the Blue Nile...now! GET IN THERE!!!
Wearing 5" heels, feminine/classy clothing & full hair/make-up does NOT make me "high-maintenance". It makes me a woman.
:O then we could both be working with animals :D
We're loaded up and headed to the Grail. Who's comin' with us?
#BeliebersDeserveRespect just like everyone else.
I am hopeful that next year will be as blessed as this one. God blessed me with my own apartment, and two jobs. ♡
#1FactAboutMe i'm running for President in 2016.
Hands Like Glass = Brown Liver Jones
Also apparently the Bills have a pre-season game at the Dome. and I may be looking for tickets. FYI Vikings fan tweeps.
first it was my b-day which i over look cool now it thanksgiving which i offer to cook and i did and was suppose to come now
Berlf means bieber
Man characterize four situations: how he's fighting, according to money, as looks at children and how the relationship ends.
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome. Keep smiling.
Long day of talking today, makes my brain tired, but also realize open communication is critical to business leadership & success1
It is about damn time! Only took 2 years!
Turn on comedy central south park talking about Canada haha.
I can just reenact it for u in the a.m. if u can't watch. I know she's ur fave 12 yo girl. :)
Sharona at Total eClipz just performed heroic measures on the editor's 'til now unfortunate hair. Now off to buy a straightener!
"did you eat anything before you went??" "fuck no! I was going drinking." the best.
Gym time
rock fish? I want one haha
Keep us posted on your talk!
why is it that so many poetry writers are excellent fiction writers?
True! The Mac is ridiculously amazing thus far. Bangs looked great Friday, but now I can't get them to go/flip the right way! Arg!!
#AlejandroVideo good, the countdown is back too!
what in da hell is a thingy??? Speak English man lol
Happiness is not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose. – Helen Keller
Live. Music. Tonight. come get a spot on our patio and enjoy this amazing weather:)
valid point. We'll have to bring this up again tomorrow
Incredible #ThinkBlue “: Josh Hamilton ranks 4th in MLB in OBP ... just behind A.J. Ellis, of course. #dodgers #ajellisfacts”
Wow... I can't believe I'm almost at 400 followers... Thank you followers XO #love <3
My 5 year old just got a 78% on the drums on Rockband with Blue Oyster Cult's Don't Fear the Reaper
Its a lok night!
I went to Artistic Design. Across from walmart on the side? I know some people there and they're nice and clean and close lol
what about a Canyonero? RT : What about a Dodge Durango? RT : I'll take Rango over Rondo every day of the week.
I tried persimmons just a few years ago after moving to California. Now I love to eat them like apples!
As I work on something for tomorrow's date, I get a little freaked out by Leap Day.
You may have taken away my Facebook..But you can't take away My Freedom(or my Twitter!;)..
I'm saying
Just a reminder that Key Lime Pie Cupcakes are coming back March 6th for a limited time. I wonder how long Samie will keep making them!
#art politics Jesus Christ. Shows video of LRAD during G20 to disperse crowd. Sound disperses crowd. In shows music compels and attracts.
I think twitter has become my new addiction, Au revoir facebook
happy birthday bro!
That makes you a dumbass then right? RT "Stupid people are dangerous."
Its me and at the voracious tasting. Braised pork and pickled brussels! What?
Tune into this weeks wgtb board show This weeks theme
Thank you very much!
Every picture of Tyler Horton makes me smile because he's wearing the Be You Tiful bracelet :)
hahaha we about to go in on this. ugh hes so hot lol
Running to go grab Genny Cream Ale
everybody wanna be a follower now
enjoyed the perspective you brought to Leading Creative panel
Well, was fun for 7 1/3. Let's go for the shutout now.
Free screenings tonight: Act of Valor at Cinemark West Plano and Salmon Fishing in the Yemen at the Angelika Dallas.
you expect to win when you can't even properly tag me in a post!
yeah he's intense..he just acts ridiculous sometimes
congrats, that is awesome. It has been my dream to make an Alf-themed meme site before I die, now I can make it happen.
I'm bored wit fb
Rivet I mean Regher may have just ended the season.
