Food & Liquor 2.
whats your view on controlling dht and estrogen..acne issues...
Get some rest! Proud of you.
or does that sound too much like you'll be studying digital objects and activities
Words with friends?:)
Daniel talking about "Street Level Democracy" and how community can make a difference
Fun fact: most of this year's college freshmen were 4 years old when Titanic came out.
I love saying " What island are you from" to all my Australian friends
Mhm bc I am mad over a dress. It's a fucking dress. You might want your business on here but I don't so bye lol
You are going to SAN DIEGO on Wednesday!
You are most welcome! Enjoy your blog a lot. Always good to hear what colleagues are saying and you always have good info!
i'm glad you liked it!
lol tell me something I don't know
That akward moment when you hear yourself eating crunchy food and wonder if other people can hear me.
Any of you good in Accounting??? I need help, desperately ☹
The best way to create better Mac app is to think in uncommon way and work hard.
me!(: do excited!
Thank you Paul. Let us know what you think.
lol silent lunch a bitch
Guys who are skinnier than me..
I already saw it though :(
thanks for the support brotha! Big things are definitely coming
I'm constantly mistaken for Ulysses S. Grant: sweet beard, sweet drinking problem...
She Wants Revenge is really starting to creep me out. They're like the soundtrack to my life.
Ive literally ate my weight and then some todayy!!
Happy Holidays from our family to yours!
"Where are the jobs?" references (from both parties) in the Congressional Record between '09-'12: 357. Between '05-'08: 3.
How can I get #ChrisMarsh to do the costumes for our concert?
it is down for me.
Santa Ana winds have nothing on EP Salonen conducting dress rehearsal of Shostokovich's stunning 4th. Peter Sellars' Orango"!!
good pic!! but i can NEVER be replaced!! even at bonnaroo!
Terran Petteway has transferred from Texas Tech to Nebraska (Big 10).
Cool The Acqualina Resort &Spa in Miami is Pet-Friendly...... Hm
that's not how you get a follow from me.
ah, yay!! so stoked for this!
HERE WE GO @ PLAYHOUSE!!!!!
RT : Thanks again to all of those who made it to our Youth Football Fundraiser! Pictures are now up for you to view here:...
Watching Worlds on my phone...
how many TD's you running back for this year...or INTs
Great meeting ! Be sure to get your cat training prices locked down! They will soon rise!
Reds may not be my team but damn it's hard not to be a Votto fan after tonight.
Twilight's Monday Drink Special: Strawberry Margaritas while supplies last!!!
same but he + his uber talented new band will be on tour later this year
Whole foods is so great!
I aim for a set of 10, it just never happens that way.
ASCII or EBCDIC
New coupons posting daily on twitter and Facebook starting in December!
&& if he doesn't give me my phone back tomorrow, a choking WILL occur
Most definitely :) “ Good morning!!! Make the best of today”
I figured it time I showed everyone how cool I really am :P ranked 10 on a scale of 0-100 :E
On Vernal Equinox, March 21, due to location of sun/moon...eggs are reported to be able to stand on their end all by themselves!
You live
walkin around after gettin off a treadmill is the weirdest feeling
God grant me the Serenity to accept the things I can not change... Courage to change the things I can and Wisdom to know the difference.
gentlemen...sasha grey. yea or nay?
It’s important to actually remember you chose to be here; every day you choose to be here.
Didn't know finding adult dance classes would be this hard.I just want to bust a sober move on a floor that isn't covered in beer.Sometimes.
they actually changed it to 7.6 seconds...but yeah, this series should've been over before game 7
I want a bacon tree.
Desire is the starting point 4 all achievement not a hope not a wish, a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything #Napoleon Hill
Great tips
#IAlwaysWonderIf I will ever reconnect with my dad?
During your runs, concentrate on taking deep breaths and expanding your belly when you breathe to help with side-aches.
Follow back please? =)
um it's my birthday night so....
Life's deepest meaning is not found in accomplishments but in relationships
I wish I had aderol just for today
i call it a clicker ... everyone else calls it a remote control i swear , hahahaha.
he's other handed
I guess it is a lot more difficult then I thought
-- Sent you a couple back.... DM
#What2ChainzWouldSay I told her that I liked her legs better if they were separate
Sorry for a slow response. My twitter is slow. Yeah its part of it but it's better to say it directly.
Don't know if they're moms, but these are worth follows :)
No matter what happens, win or lose I'm Proud of my Golden Bulls!
Alrighty then! I'll be waiting! ask for Brandy. aha.
#SmackDown come on John Morrison!!
Missing Thu + Fri and driving 7 hours to see tomorrow...
Happy Columbus day! www,joborworker.com
Osu really impressive. How can UL be ranked up there?
My dawg it do
Lessons to learn from #NickiMinaj's Twitter Break: Life still exists outside of Twitter, Always Expect the Unexpected & Nicki will be fine
Ah ok hi then:)
I'm SO Tired!!! Lol
did you knock out another mother fucker over getting coffee again? LOL
where you moving to ?
I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
"Vlad" I believe, it was somewhat dry. I watched it on the history channel many years ago
lol I only liked when the gay guy was doing the single ladies
oh cool what's going on tomorrow
Feels like I haven't eaten today but all I have done is eat...
My Glorious Day: 1. Woke up 2. Ate some grub 3. Took a very hot shower (no pervs) 4. Did my hair (challenge) 5. Laid back down. Thats it.
whoa! massive swarm of bees right outside the garage. not sure whats going on. closing windows though.
Apologies on not being able to make it to panel today, hopefully would see it soon on Yuri Studio soon. ^_^
big ass kid
ah spring.
I like it when Google Chrome goes: "Aw, Snap!"
Twitter needs to get rid of the following limit.
looks good!!
nice, lets chat abt text & data
I've decided to renew with the for next year. Just working out the details
Thanks Alot Everyone.. now I Cnt Go on as Dammit!!
We hope you got your pot roast sandwich, honey. xo
Ahh yes. And one day I will actually read those too...
Vodka shots to the eye, thing of the past. Jaeger taint shots!!!! woohoo thanks Stephen Colbert
if you ever make a movie about ur life.. look us up because we have been told by many that we look like a young bruno mars :)
yes, I'm not a complete idiot :-) the problem is the data sets are pretty damn big at this point
foot fetishes are so disgusting
At this moment I have 666 twitter followers... what are they trying to tell me?
Go hard or go home.
You gotta love XIB
bumz all day... you to 2 b clear lol. I was bored all day
My flvs teacher seriously never picks up the phone
Turn it all the way up YO!! Wish I was there!
in that case, I will just come to you guys. Monday afternoon 2pm ?
What is your dance party? - Andrew and Lorie Mackenzie.
#emerge2012asu Sasha Barab: scholarship is necessary but not sufficient for impact.
What have I done?
Petigru chuckled. "The newspapers know of your arrival. Word will spread. That will inflame passion. Tell Mr. Lincoln war is inevitable."
Now following you. MI in the HIZZY.
don't be hatin on us not musically talented peeps. i like that i can play green day. #rude. and i miss you, youz da best.
So sorry that I never got to see you perform.
any election year content coming? Too many people don't know what they are talking about (cap gains vs ordinary income).
So #seattle donors, how many #GiveBIG requests have hit your inbox? Stay tuned for the top five reasons we should make your list...really.
You couldn't handle me even if I came with instructions.
yeah you are!
yep! I was only 19 when I started in
At to watch some great old Fleischer cartoons courtesy of
Lol @ taxi cab confessions
Songs are so much better when you haven`t listened to them in a long time.
I sure love Mixolydian mode...
I was sleeping good before she woke me up he'll shuda just stayed da night lol
Get Lei'd this Saturday night with at Trapeze Ft Lauderdale!
Purple Shirt for Purple Friday. New Tommy Bahama purple zip knits have just arrived! GO RAVENS!
SAME HEREE! :D
Top Gun Bomber Jacket Costume
RT I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew I was responsible for myself, & I had to make good. -Oprah- Agreed
YOU are that good, but I'm not believing the whole class is.
Need a good bike fitting. Prefer someone with phys therapy background. Any thoughts?
At the improv in Addison waiting so see Jake Johannsen
Thanks because of you guys I find myself talking like the Uncos at least 4x a day!
if you need someone to talk packers on your radio show, let me know
ive had just about enough of these damn chevy volt commercials...
#PrettyLittleLiars = the only good thing about Mondays.
Yup. Sure. : Remember this guy? Mark Lenzi, Olympic diving gold medalist, dead at 43
Oh yes!!! Definitely!! Workers came and the power was OFF!!!! Had to scramble. It should all be worked out by now. Whew!!
Don't just be with someone because you can't stand the thought of them being with someone else. That's selfish!
What would a mashup of the entomological society's data with the world religion's data (ATLA) look like? Fun side-bar convo.
How do take out 4 mailboxes and drive thru a house? Gooosein it
Hi Kathy! How r we on this fine evening? ;-)
I just couldn't do it with their run defense and those last two stops. You can argue F to be sure!
You can show stats and all the history you want. But there is a first for everything and nothing is over until that final buzzer.
That's so sad to hear. I hope none of your friends or relatives were affected.
#Cancer is most likely to bring their mother to an awards ceremony. Waterworks are common & some of the most impassioned speeches--Tom Hank
Just got home from having a walk at a park near Regan Airport. Love my bf.
We Heard All That Sad Shit Before, It's All Cheesy Now....
yes!!!!!!! I can't wait for that smut to start up again!
ohmygosh! What happened to that kid?
Drinking a Edward. Simply phenomenal. Best APA I've had.
When or has a problem with someone, I'll have a problem with them too. #bestfriends #gotyourback #loveyoutwo 😘
dang, six and a half hours :)
Thanks, Sara!
sad because I had to take the stupid car back to campus instead of my truck.
miss you so much I'm probably coming to church on Sunday!
Sorry we missed you. :( Yea, there's another down the street, but hope to see you @ ADAMS and Dearborn next month!
"tax codes don't raise taxes, politicians do!" - Cain - oh snap!
When you look at a baby and they just stare at you.....lol
Rome is leaving ESPN? Can't say I care, but good luck Jim.
captain america :) no rise of the apes today haha
fuck boy who needs them
Oh my Gosh!!! Amazing news. Haven't been this happy 😃in a long time. Tears of joy :)
did u all win?
sounds like UIUC will have a pubcamp in Sept to (cc )
Whats up KING OF MEMPHIS #Grade A
&&why is that?
Hates it when your phone charger gets tagnled around ur neck at night and you wake up and find out ur phone is tryna kill you : l thanks ...
making a joke at unnecessary times..
Thanks for the condolences and good wishes, i'm okay. -Carson
well you are very god to me you deserve to know <3 :)))
you poor bastard
Dont toy with my emotions.
#jfnaga Kathy Manning: Jewish social network- not just about meeting people, but deciding what we want our network to DO.
Thank you so much for the shoutout!!! ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥Bretana♥
do you have a special feature on your account that doesn't allow you to be added to lists?
"I need a pencil dawg!" ..."And she gone give me all the answers cause i asked for them shittz." >>>>>>
01.17 join us for a great game as we are joined for half time with AV Dance Studio 81
that sounds like too much work.
it makes sense. You've always got the
“: Running our of hangers.. #shopaholicprobs”
price of that gum just went up. lol
Looking for a fun place to hang tonight? Playing w/ trio at Eastside Luv 9:30pm – www.eastsideluv.com #jazz jazzvocalist jazzla
Elevate a little higher! #BigTimeMovie .have that song stuck inside my head.
Please STOP following me! The real content is over - news on social commerce, ecommerce, brand & user experience. Stop, I say, Stop!
Im so tired! Another sleepless night with a sick kid!! Early gym day this morning did not help!
I know(: sorry I didn't get to say hi I was in the game and when it was over u were gonee:p
Well 8pril, it's been real...
Mrs. Patel is going to be our counselor for the whole time we're at high school?! Hell no.
Big Blue Sac #Giants Yeah Baby!!
Anyone down for FIFA?
what time do you guys get to 116th and amsterdam? I don't see you. I'm out here in the rain waiting for my tacos :)
That shot becky'dem just took made me sick!! I couldnt be a part of that
ok course, u always gotta look good... But then again u dont have to worry about not looking good
Dear 1D, I'm so sorry I cannot meet you beautiful people in 2 weeks. Forgive me?
If i got a penny for every time i thought and dreamed about you,I would be rich.
I honestly can't wait to see this summer with , and
"Such a large, voluptuous explosion"
Is your Circle of Life similar to a hamster wheel? Spinning and never getting anywhere! Step out, grab your life tools and make that wheel …
Dope! Mitchy Slick was just shopping here and wants to do a music video at the shop!!! Jeahhhhh!!!
If you're not a fan you're not a true Portlander.
One: proposal out the door. Two: proposals in the works. All: about the future of public libraries.
You truly are a sweetie for RT'ing all your fans :)
Check us out on Facebook @ Catch The Buzz. "Like" our official show page & join in on the fun. Call the show anytime: 410-481-1570
I need to hurry and get my check, so I can change my number...ugh.
Sending Birthday Wishes to the Lovely !!!!!
Does Ciroc make Red Wine???
Northampton, MA, you're so cute. I want to pinch your cheeks and then drink a soy chai latte.
#RavensNation, follow the newest Baltimore Raven !
when you see a baby or little kid with a bad hairline and you just think "aw someone got their first haircut a little too early...pobresito"
Everyone hurts me at one point or another. It's okay, I'm use to it.
So much to do this weekend - Moving!
Had the pleasure of seeing a social media presentation last night by Lisa of and it completely geeked me out :)
I did?
Ohh the deepest V... these A cups aren't something to hide
blueberries are full of antioxidants to help fight free-radicals and help your immune system!
Toastmasters Meeting tonight...If your in the Baltimore area, come check us out..Message my inbox and I will give you all the info..
RT Just because we're not close anymore, doesn't mean I don't care about you.
NC Marriage Amend is NOT discriminatory. It simply allows the PEOPLE and not A JUDGE to decide! Support Marriage!
you should come with him more often boyfriend
Charles & Baltimore 10-2 today.... Let's eat #lobster Mac
I wish it was summer already
#tilts2011 Sam Baker comment: media incites the desire for immediacy--there is a dialectic there
Every time I see the State Farm Bob Knight commercial I yell
Lazy rule: if it's too far away, convincing yourself you don't need it.
I did lol
We are like tea bags -we don't know our own strength until we're in hot water.-Sister Busch
lol yea I used to say that everytime I seen you
at times i feel my feminism turns men off.....its aiight tho' cuz shittt i can do bad all by my self! :) nd thats the truth!
Seeing this treyvon Martin movement let's me know as a nation we are strong if we somehow can stick together..
I like all the teams, but of course living in DALLAS I ♥ the COWBOYS! CHARLIE! PLEASE tweet me a quick HELLO - Huge fan!
Waterproofing Coatings | Membrane Waterproofing | eindomarket
One more class to go, and I will have survived my first year as an asst. professor.
#AWESOME. MT: : Raiders new season tix bought in full b/n May 1-June 30, 10% of gross go to Oakland Unified School District.
What's going on at Wellington & broadway?
I love to stay on top of news Q3 Graphics Shipments Up 16.7% Over Last Quarter 18.4% Over Last Year According to Latest Report From Jon P
Yeah, probably best to wait for another day....mentally prepare yourself for a few hours of sobbing.
seems possible that if we do get a table, we can also get food. fingers crossed!
Haha I can do that :)
Well you know we do need the money AND I'm not sleeping with any of the strikers! Maybe ill get off of work early!
Tonight is not a night to celebrate the Death of a Humanlife.
I recommend S.Kelby CS4 for Digital Photographer #Photoshop book & #Lightroom 2 Power Session DVD
3 radio shows today, tomorrow Live with Bernadette at noon on ABC in Anchorage. I hear she's a pistol.....we'll just see about that!
Daylight savings is tonight- remember to set your clocks to spring forward!
- not really worried about the semantics - just trying to prevent torn up shoulders and collarbone bruises
your 15 what can you possibly rap about, how hard 8th grade is??
Also, walked all the way home from their hotel with my fly down.
Hi Cami!how's nyc treating you?
You got me bewitched cause i'm under your spell.......
probably because she's fat not conceited
Thanks for the recommendation.
Thx. I'll check it out.
Found 4 big canning jars at a thrift shop (all for $2!), but no lids/rings. Of course I bought them. On a slippery slope to Hoarderville.
I imagine it ended up like The Last Air Bender...
Looking forward to that frozen hot chocolate!! Glad to see you are in Miami!! :)
Great start to the weekends with my babies Adrienne an Alyssa!
lol fail i meant to say spell once not twice xD
“: Good morning to u 2 :)
Today, Do One Thing for Another Person to make them smile! And reap the positives benefits from it!
haha! #pwned I think originated from WoW & a programmers misspelling…but I like your idea better!
Same thing happened to me. Barnes and Noble had an exclusive CD with two bonus tracks and iTunes also has an exclusive track.
Hungry for some tasty pie? 3 lucky folks will win a voucher from in the raffle tomorrow! NOM!
Aww thank you so much! I would love to visit London at some point- such a beautiful city :)
Last day in Scottsdale. Going out with a bang
Congrats on your ACM noms! We need to catch up...your LA fans wanna hear what trouble their new neighbor is getting into!
Pusha Man With The Kilos, iPhone Full Of Free Hoes.
Your constant complaining and self-loathing pisses me off. Just shut the fuck up.
RT : BREAKING: NFL will allow players to in-game tweet during Sunday's Pro Bowl. There will be 1 designated area per sideline.
I love it!
Woke Up Thinking Their was A Tornado Outside & Juarez Was On Fire.Felt Too Real
I think the girl next to me the bus can hear my music.... I hope she likes One Direction.
Great #kipcamp session on branding from Got to talk to her about branding of team.
Vinyl Shirt Stamping at NYC Printing 123! Create a more eye catching design for your custom tshirts. Call now !!! 646.833.8085
hey u!!! Don't u worry, mama gonna say what she wants, how she wants!!! And won't lose no sleep over it
Yo Galo, feel free to show up
Male Hormone May Help Heart Failure Patients
no it looks nice
Bad interface design has a negative impact on my psyche. USAJobs, for instance, has been ruining my past two days. -_-
In s bed with
We were just passing through, driving along the north side of the river.
gotta start the week with a ron burgundy shirt
17th at Sawgrass, that big island water thingy. Woods, escapes. Fowler 6ft below the hole. Drama.....
Checkout our new Facebook site: www.facebook.com/closys. Share your experience with CloSYS and how it fits into your life.
dr has 3 checks nxt to his name on the "ima sock you" list
if he beats them with it them just gotta give him credit.
Go to shcool, or you won't get edumacated.
Have a question about Project 143? Interested in helping? Email us!
have you tried them cold? Pretty good:-)
Good night xoxo
Thanks!! We support YOU!
Oliver Hard Cider for the Summer! The Original and Raspberry flavors available today!
awesome meeting ya! Thanks for the kind words!
I am at the start of another good project. I wanted to do a time lapse video to show the process of what I do.
"Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm to life and to everything."
I'm so sick of fights, I hate them.
That sucks wat kind?
yo ex here at lodo's...
just tried chia seeds in a drink sample at Whole Foods! Not bad.
It ain't how fast you get there, it's how long you plan to stay
miss my #1 lady
I Call Lil Homey My Son Cause I Watched Him Grow Up . Today he going to the prom. Guess I'll Get him Some Gum & Condoms good luck 2nite
Janet's halftime was amazing this is a joke!!!!!
When going on the radio, I know that how my hair looks is unimportant but YET...I can't seem to stop worrying about it :)
You are watching this week's YOBIFilm finalists, Vilius Petrikas and Jonathan Gratzer. Congrats to you both!
:) have fun at work!
RT: "Chef Boyardee can with " hahaha I know! Oh man that's a good one of him! He was about to kill Besler for that too ;)
Barrera: We've reduced the tax burden on the very wealthiest people in our society.
Its lonely at the top... but you do eat better
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
Thx for the follow, will pass your site onto the script writers I work with, they have interest from IFC, need to find them an agent asap.
follow me back..(monique):)
judy needs a THERAPIST. asap
This lady won't stfu...she pissing me off
Done christmas shopping. So excited(:
Dark Shadows was satisfactory. A good chunk of the best bits are in the trailer - a good indicator if whether or not you'll like it.
I big leagued Paul Molitor in MPLS airport in 09. Didn't act like I knew him. Just asked him for a dip. He obliged. Great Guy!
is it delish?
gotta make sure we don't get stabbed tonight! cinch de drink
9-5 are so overrated can't wait to get outta this slave work, lol
oh dear , if you're gonna use you gotta learn how to take higher res pics cause the composition/subjects are amazing
I bet I would describe how you feel differently
thanks for shout out
Oh amy. Dont hate me.
You have 45 minutes to get to Brazos Book Club! We're talking about Zola's BELLY OF PARIS! It's going to be awesome! C'mon!
Its funny how some girls have no idea that their boyfriends cheat on them...lol
I appreciated the pajamas in the movies. haha. I still want to grab coffee and basically interview you!
Well, I guess I have to start this morning commute. I'm only 30 minutes late already ...
Twitter contest! Would you like to win free clothes? Details coming soon!
learning new tunes for upcoming NY gig....can't get enough of old school Tuck and Patti right now...
San Antonio: There could be a few severe t-strms this eve. then wet and cool Fri. & Sat. Today:Cloudy,breezy, rain incr. tonight . High 79
Do definite good; first of all to yourself, then to definite persons.
ESPN has Green Bay #3 in its first 2012 NFL power poll..Giants #1 I get it..but not NE
Finally got my bike, who wants to go on a bike ride with me?
Huh. What is going on??? I never would've told you that! :)
...Hello, St. Louis.
#BWC10 peeps, you can find in town tonight. He loves to drink rum and cokes and do jaeger shots. Send photos.
And I just declared this to be the Summer of the Old Fasioned a few nights ago. :)
Finally going to church
Rain in Phoenix & sun in Corvallis? What's wrong with this picture?
just said the same thing! Ha!
that's good u still have a following... U still on tour or bak home?
Who 's comin to long beach tonight!!!
Just frame it in the context of whatever particular access problems you're facing. And/or commenters can help refine it. :)
EXTO... Lets slap the ask and take out AUTO. After he's gone were off to a 10 bagger easily
Let me find the article, Read 2 regarding same matter. Yes article you linked said broker for Morgan.
Your turn? RT : very nice... When am I gonna get my turn? :-D
is about to go play golf with my dad.. anyone in the chastain park area look out for wayward golf balls...
Are you ready for that night? It should be a wild one.
Oh. Shiny. Cloud security Heat Map.
...stopped by the gig the other day but youwere gone. was looking to buy the X6 or X5. End up buying the 2012 maxima instead
So many shows - dvr'd to catch up on
just had a great conversation with , Director of this is definitely a project to follow
worst headache ever.
#ILoveJoeyDiamondBecause he can relate to so many teenagers in this world.
Eileen Clegg: "co-creativity is the activity from which innovation is the output"
Couldn't agree more
ha okay.
Guilty pleasure: enjoying Attack of the Show. 1000th episode!
aw!! thank you!!!! <3 I actually freaking LOVE Jenna so I'm kinda dying right now. LOL
Hey there lady!
Come see all the Beautiful changes with Comfort Suites Fishers! Mention this tweet and SAVE!! Keyword: "Changes" ends @ 1am on 3/9
Tasting tonight from 6 - 8 PM Come order a pint and take home one of our pint glasses for free!
Old ladies who hold their cell phone up to their ear on speakerphone: You're Doing it Wrong
thx for the
baby D":
“: oh shit! when do they stop selling tickets for that?? i want to get a ship pool together” I think it's today...
I'm glad the new bullying movie is getting some attention!
i love harry's bum
Leaving soon for Sam Patch. So should you
yes I'll be going to the game - u wanna roll? Also what time do u go to workout?
In Denver for #actfl11? Visit Bridge at booth 6050 and enter to win a language study tuition scholarship in Argentina, Brazil or Chile!
I think should make him a video of him singing
RT : In today's food news: L.A. named the country's largest consumer of hot dogs. Impressive! Well done LA.
Knocked two items off of my "after finals" to-do list and added four more
Amen to that shit!
I'd appreciate if u could get ' autograph for me @ Bamboozle. Or at least a pic of u with him. please. Thank you.
“: Like a soundtrack to a July Saturday night, Springsteen. -Eric Church”
Now following and
if you're every in Minneapolis you need to come on the talk show I work for !
(As always, retweets are not necessarily endorsements. e.g. I generally prefer a constrained, restrictive definition for psychopathy.)
Gramnmmys so excited
Great pic of 2 amazing singers. And you even used the Nashville setting!
Ten more cancer tweet-bots are following me now. I don't know if I should be honored or not.
Afternoon Bitch-Back! Nick Jonas and Delta Goodrem: Cougarific Couple or Total Crap?
Reading Island of the Blue Dolphins for school. So boring!!!!!!! Ugh :/
#AtNumber1GirlTour its gonna be crazy.....craziest tour so far :O
RT ISO: Nice librarian lady for the sharing of the living space for Annual.
It hurts when you trust somebody with everything and tell them all your secrets just so they could use it against you <
It was a question to director Jeffrey Hunt... :o)
Ever wait in line at the register scared of the bill? I'm scared.
Yes, my kids teachers are great but the administration sucks!
Thanks, Mads! RT : SO PROUD of my SM partner in crime for being nom. as Top 5 Mayor on 4Sq!!
Please use your liberty to promote ours. -Aung San Suu Kyi, Nobel Peace Prize laureate and head of the National League for Democracy
lol I just got these serious of tweets. Call me when you get done.
sorry for the double posts. fixing it :)
Self is the culprit often hidden behind work, motives, drives, and dreams. - J. T. Pugh in For Preachers Only
So, primer is all finished... Now to start painting this beast! Too bad I have to wait til tomorrow to make sure it's all dry :/
Go hokies ! RT Michigan Vs Virginia Tech
ooh, yes we can do that as well. What did you have in mind?
April 8, 2014 no more support for XP.
Monday morning workout!
You just got a spot in artist of the week on submit music n bio to be a feature n placed on TSNRadio
RT : FOX NEWS, Y U NO HAVE NEWS ABOUT FOXES?
The reading of #Invincible is today! So excited to work with & Ms. Annali
where for you see Oregon starting next year?
don't be scared!
8 people can make some seriously dirty laundry!
I need a Bilingual sales person in the area of Elgin!!!! ASAP will pay good! please call 847-400-2388 or e mail us
had to take priorities first. Oh sh--.....I left you behind o__O
OMG, Just found out that Bill Nye is coming to Georgia State. :( I have to work that day.
Too bad you're not here to see the amount of care on my face. ;) No, really, it's too bad you're not here ...
updating my profile and working way too late
Best excuse to watch the #VictoriasSecret fashion show: I wanted to see the color of #katieperry 's eyes. Sure!
Nothing gives me the energy to go home and crush the remaining portion of a take-home exam quite like a Black Keys concert.
Who is working today, and who is watching the bowl games? Who is doing both?
Hey guys please please please follow me and i promise i will follow you back ! <3 :)
emblem books & memes: both collaborative, both instructional (for the most part), both word/image manifestos. Oh!
you got this bro!
:D I love you <3
I watched your special back to back. Not because I'm a fan but I'm to fat and lazy to find the remote. Good thing u didn't suck.
Activities planned for Preservation Month - Albany Democrat Herald
Using QR codes for the first time today at a regional training event. #QR code
The ability to pinch & zoom and show different views really resonates with docents and visitors -
Follow me y'all.
When there's room in a tweet add #finecraft + it will reach more people. Just a thought...Thanks for considering it.
Thanks, Kelly! I am pumped about this!
this made me giggle so hard. cat thought I was having a seizure.
Aw! Thank you, Caroline's husband! :D You've got a good one! Mine is always trying to get me to bring fewer books home, lol)
Free screenings tonight:Salmon Fishing in the Yemen and Titanic 3D at Cinemark West. Titanic 3D in Dallas.
oh that gives me hope! thanks!
Thanks for passing along- very interesting, I will have to check out/chat with some of these inspiring women!
& if that's the case every race is strong because everyone's ancestors been through some shit. Slavery, holocaust, concentration camps.
happy birthday!!!!!
Yes sir - check out
yeah, the archivist who's working on the Houston hip hop collection, , contacted me about it. Can't wait to meet you!
that was one of my favorite nights shine wed's.
I Dont Think So! v.v I See Them As A Deformity :3
RT : man who invented cancer you're a DICK guy
Blasphemy! You're Minnesota's...er...Utah's... finest!! No Aussie's got nothin' on Trey Barber.
where is my bunny i want to squish her ugh
''If I asked my customers what they wanted, they would have said 'a faster horse'!'' Henry Ford on innovation
yeah she told me to that she saw u guyzz
Happy Fashion Friday!
I CANNOT wait for your talk show!! Do you know yet what time & when it will air??
I am so over the lakers bench right now....-___- Love u Kobe.! Get better quick bae...
yes I'm thinking the exact same thing!! A 4hr nap before
Pitching lessons tomorrow
is now offering package deals for PC/MAC/UNIX & Website support services. Ask us how we save you money!
hm... was that u in white? xD woot! you & are djin live. I've missed hearing you two dj. will be tunin in
I hate how I can't drink 5 hour energy till 2:30, could really use one right now
ALA will have a booth (#629) during the IFLA Conference in Puerto Rico. Don't forget to stop by!
Thanks for the RT lady!
I was only there during the summer, so will take your word on that
What is up with the Red Line this morning? Ugh.
Sheep flies? Little red flies?
#justrememberthat you will always have it better than someone else. Be grateful in any situation.
Cant wait to see you tomorrow in SF! I know you will kill it!
it certainly was interesting. I am excited to watch it with you. The people I was with did not appreciate my laughter.
Can you come to school with me tomorrow and tell the guys that?? (:
Yeah, you're right. Too big a crowd for me. What about you?
So many hot messes out tonight...
Well, Milwaukee didn't give me the winter I was looking for so you never know!
Sites of Conscience – places worldwide to remember, reflect, discuss, and act.
i miss you too, mommy. how're you this lovely day? :)
pregnant. She should pay for it because it's her choice.
ha okay. How hot does it get there?
#MichelleWilliams is up next on E!. She's my pick tonight for
kesha is not a punk not everyone has to cuss and threaten to hurt everyone to get there point across
You made my day! #thebutters. I wish you good health and strength.
Watching Grease in class. I sure do wish I could dance like John Travolta.
The hackers got my website.....again. I'm getting increasingly frustrated. Imma hafta kick some @$$,
you are welcome, btw nice tee's dig your style.
i am glad youre having a wonderfull month why has it been so great
Saw a true hero in action today as man saved choking woman at #chipotle Do u know the
love you stef
stop shes a nice lady rachel.
lol age don't mean nun im damn near 27 at heart and love
Thank you for the #FF mention! Hope you have a great weekend!
Cannot believe how much I still have to do with only two days left
Meryl Streep is really the best.
It's about that time...
If its the thunder and pacers in the finals I will beg my mom to go
Was proud of walking by CakeLove without going in. Come home to cupcake pictures tweeted by , , AND Karma.
I know right. Being famous & wealthy does not come easy.
I don't want to defend Rush Limbaugh again please stop making me
That's kool Jus given u a shout out..
Christian music is not show business, it's soul business.
FREE lunch for your VOTE on Facebook with Chase Community Giving! May 19th from 12:00-2:00pm 6160 Mission Gorge Road Ste 204 SD, CA 92120!
you can probably do it on your phone or computer, which should sync to the web interface.
Are you a party (Zoo) animal? Get the scoop on events, programs & special offers. Follow us and be a Friend of the National Zoo!
gonna puke.... false alarm just a dry heave
I wanna strangle a fucking Snake right now
there is nothing right now that will make me concentrate on Dracula.
Haven't forgotten about you. working on your site this week :)
great, thanks man!
I hate liars, hypocrites, and people who take granted of the people who love them</3
I hope to have major breakthrough this week.
your hair looks really pretty:)
What stadium will the Vikings use in Madden 13?
i love U.S.A
Yoo were gona pick u up ina bit be
The Hubby has made my mothers day AWESOME! He says he not finished yet...
Is it telling that it is taking me longer to sort out my digital stuff than my physical stuff before I switch jobs?
In #SixteenCandles why does the organist make funny noises when walks down the aisle?
One week from today we'll be rockin' it at the Galleria mall, hope you'll make plans to drop by and say Hi.
": Casey McGehee ANNIHILATED Ruiz at the plate! #Brewers" did he not touch home again???!
Best thing about Oscars is following
"Loving you is easy cause your beautiful"
I love how guys send messages to girls on FB, they think your annoying and creepy- STOP
Hey I just wanted to say ur tweets are amazing and I want ur ht in ur DP!! It's all amazing and I'm jealous lol!! Kbye!!<3
Mann females need to get it together and know who your baby father is! ugh!
yea i know
how was your bday?
Sorry that I haven't be on. Huge test comming up
How Dhs entrances are always crowded <
SERENITY NOW
my head is spinning and im dying
I dont dislike alot of people. But hun i really don't like you.
follow back?
Syracuse Orange, Coka-cola red. USA red white blue.. green for environment ?
Talk later? Or something very close....love having the translator app on my phone, helps at school a lot!
Movie recommendation is Christina Ricci in "Black Snake Moan"
If it's an iffy bitly link, I'll add + to the end. Not sure how to discover the link in other shortners.
I have Mother's Day wrapped up like a boss this year. you've got a lot to keep up with.
Todays special is beeftekia patties with ur choice of fries or rice and a fountain drink for $9.99!!!
Last night Palmer lost to Mountain Vista in ot, 4-3. Incredible game though.
Liking Shabazz Palaces, one of the members is playing a mbira.
are the gona be on shake it up or no?
and we've worked w/ Chomsky before. Our London chapter is trying to work w/ both anarchos and the ubiquitous SWP
Bring out the bubbly stuff!!! FIVE TIME FIVE TIME FIVE TIME FIVE TIME FIVE TIME consecutive.. NL EAST CHAMPS!!!! GO #PHILS!
at $2.51 I can't resist, if its crap I'll print it to paper and use it as toilet paper. You can't lose, I'm sold!
what's up, ! I hit up before email wise about getting my shirt in the store for my new clothing PrestigeClothing
Mom having a twitter account <<< me being able to say whatever the hell i want.....
Happy Easter, Jermaine! We miss you in Indy!! Blessings, Suzanne :)
yea i remember you
TRUE THAT (;
no, but there should be.
My mom pre ordered black ops 2 without me asking her. She knows what's real
Just tapped ruby red bird.... The perfect beer for this weather:)
Who is writing this pathetic AJ/Daniel Bryan storyline on #WWE #RAW? , is that you?
RT : recognizing keeper status is a good thing for you too! Salute!- preciatecha
Today we are thankful for #UTSA FOOTBALL!
We have! It's a great new resource for both musicians and fans. We have a few friends using it already as well!
wow call us back @ 12 tonight we Have another pair we are giving away" will be here april 6 be there
Gotta feel bad for the Man City fans
It's Monday!!! You know what that means right??
word. I'm trying to recruit more people to come. Are you all out right now?
i got back in. ;) holler @ me. woopwoop.
Ooh, good. Must join.
Listening to
Power just went out here. Someone forgot to pay the bill!
enjoy the cookies! Happy Holidays and we look forward to working with you next year!
I like being able to text people and use emojis 👍
Celebrate Mexican defeat of French army which kept Napoleon I from aiding the confederate army. = US civil war ends soon after
Now the Jets have two quarterbacks that suck
You're on to something thx. They kept the #Mac to run a continuous loop for 2 or 3 days. Maybe it will overheat for them.
yay! welcome brad!
quite a cast. I would see that.
The screwdriver was invented before the screw.
Yesterday I saw a movie trailer for Star Wars Ep. I and laughed out loud in the theatre. What a hunk o' junk! 12 yrs later I'm still bitter.
u also!
Finishing up photos for the website. Lookin sick.
Im trying to #grind & I need my team here. Obvi u dont know about #ambitiousgirls. Lol, I will put you on 1 day!
A great lumberjack and a top restaurant discount card seller! #RIPGreggJevin, ,
hash tag turks
#wordoftheday Foible (n) a minor weakness or an idiosyncrasy in someone's character. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm
Music with dinner is an insult both to the cook and the violinist.
my cuticles really have done absolutely nothing to deserve the abuse they've received
If any of our residents have friends/family come & stay and need hotel, we recommend your fine establishment.
I MUST TEXT YOU. VERY IMPORTANT.
Day two of Veganism...feeling kinda tummyachey.
Oh yeah, I'm sure that really stops guys from hitting on you at work.
Thanks! There's still time for you to enter & #winsmall, too.
your older one yeah.
Keep faith #SteelerNation!!
Last night I dreamed was my brother. He played a show int tiny hometown then we went to a movie.
Kansas I am in you. Checking off state number 49. Watch out Utah I'm coming for you next.
Now I want to go to New Orleans next weekend. Who wants to go with me?
TY for the suggestion on spreading the word about our #internship!
Waiting the night before to do a project that is due at 8am is never fun..
Morgan Freeman, Please Narrate my life? Normal Tasks would be soo much better.
IMPACT Magazine won a #Maggie for best west U.S. student mag (and $1000 for the department). Go team!
panel discussion the future of Jewish education. So interesting to hear from some of the thought leaders.
One of the best happy hours in is at Bistro La Bonne on U Street. Mussels, fries, and wine!
lol that was supposed to say F*R*I*E*N*D*S cuz i'm starting to watch that series again lol...and thanks for visiting jadah!
First time I have really been able to take a deep breath and I can't even do that b/c of these stupid allergies, can't wait until 6
Could you imagine kings vs rangers final for the cup? Those are like the 2 biggest cities in the US
so your happy
LOVE IT! ": Andrew Luck's first game will be on the road against the #Bears Brian Urlacher, Julius Peppers and Lance Briggs. Yikes."
- brunch Sunday maybe meat & potatoes?
nails, tanning, then drinking...its the perfect day
Awesome. Sending some tunes your way now
Go for a business that any idiot can run - because sooner or later, any idiot perhaps will run it.
I wish I had your brand of will power.
My Strength gets tested on a mental platform
I agree.
RT Always pray and make time for exercise... Dream more while you are awake.... Try to make at least 3 people smile each day.
Out of every body problems selena have the worst. Everyone hates her because she went with Justin Bieber. Something is wrong with u people.
Big time Wheelies photo shoot with
Hope you are all having a wonderful Holiday!
Hey Ms. Gloria!!!
That's also BS. I use the Bethesda Metro every day, and they keep the down (only) going even on afternoon commutes.
r u a good hugger?? PSH OF COURSE U ARE. I wanna hug :(
I sometimes wish I had grown up in Montana just so that I could experience the mountains and beautiful country side.
lmao I have no fuckin clue
Saw The Hunger Games over the weekend. Awesome movie
Good thing DePaul is watching from dorms. RT: Remember, Northern Iowa lost to Depaul this year. Again, Depaul.
um, you're batting 1.000 with Customer Service across the board lately, aren't you?
Wed night Port of Oakland trended, but #occupyoakland or #oo did not. Neither #ows or #occupy has trended for the past 3 weeks
Did the watermelon used to be pink with "seeds" in it? There was some candy with that, and I thought it was Airheads...
“: Been real”
i #cantwait for Paranormal Activity 2!!!
Thank You to everyone who joined us this Saturday at our Open House!
Feature creative is a small graphic design firm& prides it self on being such.We work with you & cater to your individual needs.Get in touch
I love "Cook It Raw" episode! Made me hungry for sure.
LOL. eoowwboyy though my mom just said they are probs cats or raccoons!!
our house is infected with the norovirus and my computer is breaking down.
Got a half page into NYT's feature on stupid games, got distracted, ended up playing a round of Tetris.
Meekness is not weakness....Always follow our greatest example of meekness JC! Matthew 11: 29
can't wait to hear your thoughts!!!
hey you need to bring back Braylon Edward to the jets he play really good with the jets and the jets don't have a true good wr
#idol great new do on Erika!
Austin doesnt have a celebrity crush, but thinks the girl from mistletoe video is gorgeous. RT if you want to be her!(;
so depends where? & follow?
want a free phone system? then go to this website www.wix.com/ddunnam/r3
I enjoy reading 's tweets way too much! He's like the west coast version of I'm sure he would agree!
Cute! RT “: Well looks like it IS Adam and Steve after all”
Don't go away mad. I got a coupon for 10% off Vaseline.
Up too early >.<
Yes, thanks! I'm on board to help out in any way I can!! Maybe I can talk about it in my vlog sometime...!
Yep, I sure am! Sorry, I usually don't go around telling everyone where I'm from... that just gets annoying.
Time to go get Howie and find out what he thinks of our new home. :)
600,000 peeps r on dialysis our diets depend on bloodwork taken every ,month.no leafy green veg
I just realised all my projects this semester had an emphasis on #zombies. LOL.
This is the only show we watch twice in a row in one sitting. <3333
u should try it scary lol
Good morning and we hope everyone has had a good week.
Ace Ventura pet detective.
Cool man! I'm on Mil St but say hello to
RIP! Whitney Houston...
With a shrinking job market, is it OK for higher ed institutions to train more and more students to go into an overcrowded field?
Watched thrilling US-Brazil women's game! Almost missed it--wish my news sources played it up. #USWNTUS looked so together even when behind
what do you recommend people do with unused medications?
but dunking makes you great
Thanks Steve. Didn't hear him curse though. :)
today will be a great day!! Dog paw park day..
#ALEXISATRUEGENTLEMAN AND HE SHOWS IT TO
Got sick on holiday :/
Check out some Rotton Wisdom on Pandora, then iTunes, then Follow. Now that's what's up! Thanks peace
I know, right?! Oh these silly phones.. They do make me laugh though, that's always a plus! (:
You can find our flyers on the front table of the Office of International Programs and Services! Please read it and join us if interested!
Tony's mom on the Sopranos might be my most hated character in any tv show or movie
Brian Davis: "AND HE'S FOULED!" - someone not fouled ..
You are such a strong person for doing what you are doing with you mother and father. What kind of health is she in?
No! “: Never thought I'd say this...But I actually LIKE the new Nickelback song!!!!!! #ItsHeavy”
spoke about you with Coach Gregg Williams today, he speaks highly of you as do I! He is a great guy & good representative of
I would love to attend the Premiere!
People say it's insurance fraud—a Ponzi scheme—one couple bought $218,225 of worthless contracts. So police have raided a Ruidoso business.
Stacey Dash is everything!!
RT Reading a biography of LBJ. He was kind of a jerk sometimes. I mean, it's like, who died and put HIM in charge?
yes, you may repost a photograph from OPJ and link back yo me on Flickr
CONGRATS Austin followed you <3 Ima follow u to. lol
R U willing to die 2self tht th kingdom (not a church) shall advance! Are u willing 2 suffer loss so others shall inherent eternal life!
Scraped up my leg and hand in my first 3 set thriller of the year, and my first loss of the year, 4-6, 7-6(2), 6-2
Anyone Wanna Texxt ? LIKE "/
Getting some serious chills watching this pregame ceremony celebrating 100 years of Fenway Park. I'll never forget my first game there.
I don't think they'll use nukes. A physical war will only hurt both sides... it's an economic/culture war from here on out.
i just can't stop watching #TwinPeaks!!!
Remember: what we can change is our thoughts about our circumstances. Via
Damn...Modelo sounds good right about now lol.
i tld hym that n he gone say it was me man he makin me mad all over again
Raising children is work. Full stop. No discussion.
Is that your new toy?!?!
Missed "Free Ways to Integrate Technology in Your Curriculum" session? Join us for round 2 on Thursday @ 10:45 (Session 4) ;)
People need to learn to chiiilllllllllllll
Fuckk yes schools out!!!!!
Who is going to be my 100th follower
Alrighty. The sky is rainy, the coffee is perked. I'm snuggling myself up to do some SERIOUS WORK!
oh thanks friend. :) much appreciated.
Bright Ideas Electric would like to wish all the mommies out there a Happy Mother's Day! We hope you all had a wonderful Day!
-It doesn`t matter! :D
Will you marry me? :* :D
There's never anyone to talk to around this time
can I convince you to stall 30 mins tonight???? PLZZZ
I just lol'ed!! The fallacies!! Hahahaha!
MOVIE NIGHT!
She's Finest Girl I've Ever Seen In The World..
Lunch with my grandparents, I love them to death.
here you go.. I told you we are not goin lol...
How are you spending your #SundayParkways this weekend? It's the first one of the season, Northeast. Can't wait!
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can transform one million realities
Talk about an AWESOME call tonight! Carrie, this one call really gave me answers that I have been praying about! THANKS!
so sleepy grrr i need my pillow pet xDD
I've never wanted to hurt anyone or anything else in my entire existence: my POS worthless HP scanner, may it burn in hell fire eternally!!!
yeah I ain't even have my phone lol
yes but still... Man my boys were jankity
haven't talked to you for a long time... how are you doing??
that's what I say but she doesn't want to be in my life
RT : Greece is collapsing, the Iranians are getting aggressive, and Rome is in disarray. Welcome to 430 BC.
midpoint music fest downtown cincinnati & sat chicago
At #attensity, our ETL is known as EPT: Extract, Parse, Transform. Then the text is ready for analysis to identify fraud, churn, risk +more
If #KellyCutrone says #FUCK I can say
Happy Pancake Day!
60% of consumers feel more negatively about advertising than they did a few years ago.
thanks for listing me as Someone you'd probably hang out with :-) Just seen it.
THEY CHOSE PHILLIP OVER JOSHUA!!!
I got the second round!
Bachmann: "My ability to function effectively will not affect my ability to serve as commander in chief." Very convincing.
Quickest Trivia Tuesday ever! Way to go! RT : 7.5 MILLION MEALS
Anyone ever use the pattern library on Patternry? Thoughts?
Oh i shall!
u r too sexy!! DAMN..
Cute, cute, cute new clothing store called Cherry Blossom. Tell them I sent you!
#JasonMraz "I wont give up"
why not Peyton Manning as player/coach? The Pete Rose of baseball.
but.. I want to be Barney.
Hey links up go to wwwmwatchnhllive.com register and enjoy all your hockey games.
Don't work out when pissed. End up lifting more than u should.
were u located in Wisconsin
Tons of good ideas from chat w/ Nancy Davis of the Ivy Group during Consultants Give Back. Thanks for the opportunity!
RT : my team name in college fantasy football is Holgoritaville.
Madison, Wisc. w/ on Friday-- Bring it on.
RIP Chuck Brown.
Pop What up Bro!
want to read ASAP! Enjoy wrapping it up.
Crap just found out the hard way the Zyrtec makes you narcoleptic.... Z
And then I'm made to feel lazy cause it looks like I did "nothing"
I saw it a like disturbing lol!!
Your life is your message to the world. Make it inspiring...
Has the beer settled down a bit today, or still threatening to blow the lid off?
ahh im having a bonfire on saturday TELL ME YOU'RE HAVING A BONFIRE TOO I SWEAR
me and the team will be at the art museum steps tomorrow at 6 pm for the fun run! See you in 19 hours!
RT : Ok now all you foreigners go ahead and sound it out, America kicks ass. It's easy to say.
RT : #HHCepidemic2012 Its going down tonight at 6 with our freestyle battle in the LBJ Amphitheater!!!!
Karina will be doing the show tonight. You can get some extra sleep!
I've never felt so alone in my life , like seriously this is sad .
I think it's sad that my dad past away and the government is making us go through hell for money that he worked 15 years for :(.
I'm excited to meet her and, of course, catch up with you!
Yeah, I often go to the websites of publications now, too.
the following is a list of things i learned today at school:
Time to make the donuts RT : Oh, you're still up at this hour? You must have a very important job to be up early for
We sure do! One drink or one dessert is on us on your birthday!
how did you know? Wow I am impressed...
We are legion.
Great commercials class with our actor co-op group. So cool for artists to get together in support of each other!
I use cats as my pest control that way I cannot say I did the actual killing.
Karma is a BITCH , just make suree that bitch is BEAUTIFUL ;) - Royalty .
I just got my permit too!!
Happy graduation, Austin! I'm proud to have known you all this time. Very cool re the senator, too. :)
Thanks for wiping out my coke points. I know I had 90 days but not even a warning email? I wonder what Dr. Pepper 10 tastes like.
Dudes wearin legit hammer pants lmfao the shit you see downtown
Hi. I love you. Okay.
You know that you have been waiting all weekend to eat some CURRIED CURRY!!!
RT : Mohamed El-Erian to : "Every aspect of this disappointing report points to the U.S. facing an unemployment crisis."
Um. Did my prof really type "whaaah" in the context of communicating despair? Only at
is in Austin so were gonna be playing some of his mixes on the patio. Come grab a wrap!
RT : About to do zumba with marisa adrian and sharon :p
Going to Chinatown to teach a class and then EAT!!!!! (drink beer too) Yummy yum yum
There is too much going on in #Burma. I have no excuse to not go there.
Sometimes the quietest people have the most to say but, they keep it to themself.
I'm hovering around 13,600 for #NaNoWriMo. Modest goals indeed.
Forever is not enough
Spring break the water was too cold to stay in for long lol
The new iPad? How creative.
I think Troyzan should have won the #playeroftheseason on
Impact has only had 2 SOG and Both goals. Us 16 shots, 6 SOG but no goal. Blimey!!!
Hurry! Registration for #Edcampss closes March 15th. Don't miss an opportunity to meet and listen to in Philly 3/24.
Gotta be that Lake Show! Anything to put a stop to OKC, For obvious reasons.
Whooppsss. :] haha good to see you again! Im sure i will run into you again soon!
Omfg robot chicken has me dying!! THIS IS MARTHA!! Lmao
Sel: jus10 baby I wanna go shopping justin: I brouhht u a whole new wardrobe & a lil part of europe ur sucking me dry.bitch sel: fine :|
sorry missed your call yesterday - must have come thru when on plane - ping me week of April 9 (I am about to go on vacation).
Making web... just making web!
Eating at P.F. Chang's with my mom :)
#ThingsThatILike...... when i feel i accomplished an ultimate goal in life
The fact that my mom won't let me update my phone on the computer 
I'm not on the list!
Hi! Let me know if you made it to the library. xo
Time for a Beatles riddle. Guess the Beatles song and win a MN Beatle Project CD. Follow #fh_beatles for clues. Starts now.
Cross etching is hard lol
Chris would agree but I love sun tea!
: Thanks for the RT. Did you find anything you liked?
are you tagging anymore people on your video?(:
Spiderman on Broadway
wow is this going to be a terrifyingly exciting 3rd period. 2-1.
we could team up and really kick ass! ;P
I car jacked you like Shaq shooting a three man get outta your Range
#cnndebate this very good, lots of good ideas
Need senior living...just wrapped up St Joseph's...check it out
Oh I can't get caught in more than 1 show at a time. What's the Killing about?
I was just making a comparison.
ARGs, pervasive games, location based games,and transmedia storytelling all converge upon the same model. Discuss.
My Heart Is Not A Toy, If You Want it, Then Respect It....
You took 20 minutes to text me back, i'm going to take 30 to reply to you, LIKE A BOSS.
My PL has call numbers on the stacks, but then they shifted books and not the signs.
Kelly Clarkson has it right..."What doesn't kill you makes you stronger."
Anthony Ferraro revived our excitement about indie film with 'The Writer' last night. Really it's the artists who make this industry great.
I'm so glad I've made you my everything(:
TICKETS ON SALE NOW!!! WWW.NYMF.ORG/THETOYMAKER TAKE THE JOURNEY....
Who wants in?! RT Want to go to ? Thought so. Yelp has some free tickets, just RT for a chance to win one!
Never want to get up for school.ugh
ah the days of gaming and eating cereal. Sadly. Can't bring Lucky Charms into my house. It would become kid crack.
“: Thanks for the follow ” My pleasure!
T3 for now but I've no doubt data entry in 5-10 years will not resemble today's methods.
Omg. Today is officially the best day ever! The way he smiled at me ((((: ah
Degrassi Goes Hollywood is on my DVR! go insane. ; )
I love how hard people try now a days!
where the fuck is my phone?!
ya same here
I rather live in a world where people will have the guts to say "this is wrong."
Student: three woman are eating ice cream ones licking it, eating it and sucking it which ones married
Carefully inspect new and previously used light strands. Look for frayed cables
Have you read MEG? I believe that has language in it too but geared more towards HS and not middle grades.
blue ball
In communicating your org.'s story, Ken Carbone says, "amplify" your brand: "Activate all touch points w/ your audience." | 4 of 4
Focus Group, Manhattan, Thursday September 8th. Looking for cellphone owners. $85 for 1 ½ hours
You know what I want to see? A band playing their crazy awesome music while physically jumping like crazy at our place.
Gassing up the truck, running a few, last minute errands and headed to Lake Bruin. Have a great weekend everyone!
Kim Aron: "ATM's are so quiet, like *whispers* 'Here's your money'" HAHAHAHA
check your fb bro
pretty much minus the ambulance ride :)
I went frm a 10 down to a 5 I feel some wat better
See you there!
Right & You Feel All Lonely I Hate That !! :/
:) I'm in love with the MLB app! This side of my fam are Mets fans😒. So no watching the actual game for me.
Gripping on her ass nigga say i disrespect him .
I just want to go home.
Anyone got records from the office of the county inspector of sheep? I can tell you what to do with those. (Texas offices only, sorry.)
watch out world “: the troops have slowly dwindled and it's just me and so lookout things could get crazy!”
Omw to sleep. body sore
Oh, Ben just said "Nikki", the rest of the world had no idea what her name was.
Drunk San Franciscans: You're supposed to be meeting outside my apt window right now! Hurry & come back it's a nightly thing
Thanks for the RT!
RR > 1.0 admissible, but not sufficient evidence of causation. Pick v. American Medical, 958 F.Supp. 1151
It's funny how some TV shows cast family member roles that look nothing like each other. Not even in the "ballpark". #who'snoticing ;)
That's how they measure running distances here. I'll never understand why we don't use metric. :(
Did everyone forget how to say "first anniversary?" one-year anniversary sounds so stupid.
preaching to the choir! Guess it doesn't happen just
Have a good night :)
He who knows others is learned; he who knows himself is wise. ~Lao~Tze
You no it is RT YanaDakota: Man i pray today gone b a good dayyNJM
You. Look. Stunning! Thank you for sharing the pic. How was your prom?
#ireallyhatewhen i see women who need and crave attention!
Omw home from school jukin in da car 2 sum mexican music!
we r so excited u r coming! U will love it!!!
Gonna go watch some bats at bat bridge with NBD
This upcoming weekend is going to start a fun filled SUPER BUSY 2 weeks! Lots of stuff going on! AH! will be tweeting... a LOT. ;)
Lets Go HOGS Beat Auburn!! And go Hard 4 CHRIST
im doingg god. pretty tired though, i've been losing alot of sleep by reading this week! :p and whataboutyouuu?
What's your schedule anyway now that you're running 2 podcasts? Thursday night recording seemed to work out last time.
maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano...........
Club Ritz made much money from yall idiots tonight.
If sharky says it I know it's real
cont'd 6- cross border, 7-orphan and retracted works, 8- liability of libraries & archives, 9-TPM, 10-contracts
we met at SB XLVI - rule #1 don't waste your time on Twitter w/ pricks who can't get followers even if they bought them
Editing a wedding video I shot at the Biltmore House in Asheville, but the sunny back deck is calling my name.
ga! You need to get tour ass to my house! Lol.
Sleeping on a sailboat at dock tonight. Definitely a highlight I will remember come Monday when I'm hoofing it again.
Can't miss Claes Oldenburg's 'Clothespin'!
Hello, love! Keep up the GREAT work! ;-)
We need a drummer! Offering free studio time for any solid leads!!
I agree with these words in this sentence.
sounds like that's right up your alley
when somebody dies in a movie, & you can still see them breathing -___-
The most creative ideas often come from beginners and not the experts.
Yes!!!!! Tell everyone you know! :)
I've been to the town New Glarus, WI, & also Glarus, Switzerland.
Every year, on our birthday-I'm a twin-everyone wears our favorite color, green, and goes out to celebrate. Thanks for the support y'all.
Seems like you can never have enough flashes and pocket wizards...
in St. Louis for the Region VII VPP Conference - Talking Sustainability and HCS Best Practices
Well..... Bout to call it a night. Dreamland here I come. Night world. Z...........
Well worth the wait, the beautiful Roy Rogers float with Dusty and Dustin singing Happy Trails
that's the spirit! :)
Membership Offer new member orientation and/or video, webinar
Brain Tan Made Easy- Brain Tan Buckskin
OMG I miss all of you lol - kiki(;
God doesn’t bring these things but his job is to make sure u get through it
opens his mouth and says.... HELLO
can i just step out of the room when the class has to watch this stupid video tomorrow?
tgif Ladies have a fab day!
Just interviewed Miss America. She's nervous about throwing first pitch. Says she was a softball player.
Just discovered your site per , You're a good read. Please check us out sometime as a resource.
break a leg!
&&' tell you be ready by a certain time... Only to get drunk & leave me hanging.... Y'all wanna knw... ←asshole
follow (that is my personal) I get on that one more! I never get on this one. So follow that so we can talk
#1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro Atlanta, Carpet Repair, Upholstery Home & Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 678-653-5425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!
I used to have an all black and white English springer spaniel named INDY!
nah just creepy uppity types. It's funny the more people feel they are shittier than you, the shittier they act.
Are your planning a #flipcon12 hike like last year? Maybe a lake front hike?
Crafting the most emotionally powerful Facebook image-meme the world has ever seen. Hope you like to cry, fuckwads
no, that's douchey no matter who does it. Unless there's a physical deformity to poke fun at. Or maybe not...
Ill Shoot You with a Machete
As much as I wan to hit that send button I can't. It would tear me in two to say the things I need to say.
Go Badgers!
Gonna give tis Evo one more chance...but one more fuck up and tht hoe will get tossed
why thank you my bitch
Every so often I'm reminded that even IE8 is an awful browser. Then I'm thankful that I'm not reminded about it every day anymore.
B's played a good game and ran into a hot goaltender. They could be better. He can't. Believe.
If you think Sullivan is a bad hockey player, you should go watch NBA. You know nothing about the game, and should of been swallowed.
#DSO last night was extremely drum focused, I like the mix furthur has now with Jeff and Joe. Hope 2 see them in the winter
Agreed. RT Might have to check out J & B's for wings!
“: which putt putt???” Southport Putt Putt? Idk the name. Right next to Dairy Queen and the Barber Shop.
#MM #SOT Community
i can open your eyes.. take you wonder by wonder..
I gotta go on the air in :30 and I'm laughing too hard to talk!
And that I went to an indian wedding
Too late to coach Withey to JUST GO UP WITH THE BALL!!!!??? painfully slow in setting up a post move when he gets the ball!
was about to just ask the same thing!
RT : Pls retweet: Need participant w/health care + policy background to test gov site on 11/4. Email
:) buying paint today!
Yes I'm blasting my music. Why are staring at me?
Well, you know what they say - there are some people whose main purpose in life is to serve as a bad example for others.
that #victoriassecret ad? disgusting.
Guess you just can't put your finger on it.
Are you here at the conference? Intro yourself at the break... :-)
yea well that's hockey he was pissed at our guys he didn't say shit about the caps, so I dont really know how that's bad
"This conference is awesome" and so are you - WOOT!
Also I have a Story for you! Would you like to hear it? Serious !
Bump and Grossman too! Great night. We have elected some great new leaders tonight. Makes national picture feel little less grim
Is genuinely excited about vacuuming!!!
Got it MA!!! need u 2 take pic and send it 2 my email or ...
ikr! It's not effective here but they're talkin about it smh
Depending on the governor, that could be quite appetite inhibiting. :)
Nashville bound tomorrow..I've waited my whole life for this...
Thanks for that. I did buy the mobile app, but oh well. Instapaper's not meant for that, Marco Arment explains in the FAQ.
Pi Day is on Mar 14 because it resembles 3.14. The official celebration begins at 1:59PM to make 3.14159 when combined with the date. #Pi:)
Just held the London Olympic Torch!
#RPCV Dan Adkison (Gabon 1997-2000) goes for a 4th win in a row on tonight!! #peacecorps via
: "We have created a Star Wars civilization, with Stone Age emotions, medieval institutions, and god-like technology." E.O.W.
I ❤u guys are pigs and they NEVER know what they want till they lose it. So it will be great. Make him see what he is missin
Dear Spammers, Why can't you let me Live my Life??.
that's the good life :)
um okay. Did you get a FaceTime because I have one now.
I can! Cuz The race is not given to the swift but the one who indures until the end. so indure my brotha indure!
don't no much about him to be honest we just got him a few Month ago he was a rescue pony
No doubt: 85 and sunny. With low humidity (I grew up in SoCal).
I love this! Our staff in Uganda also participated in a day without shoes!
what kind of stuff?
spiders are not as scared of me as i am of them. if i had eight legs i wouldn't be scared of anything.
Providing additional text for website. working on marketing campaign.. should be sleep...oh but i'm not! :P
wanna go tobogganing
Need Windows XP help with login/logoff looping. Anyone in RVA have suggestions as to who to call? I've spent way too much time on this.
Fighting a lion is on my bucket list but I should probably make it the last thing
Oh my good your the cutest Belieber I've ever seen!!! <3 :') makes me cry xD
Haha! That will work well you know! <3
That's one today!
thank you I pray you guys had a great weekend! We were at MFC last night wish we would have seen you guys...
How cool is our Twitter Wall? Go mobile!!
thx for the shout out in twitter world! As u know, I have TONS to say so the character limit will b my challenge ;-)
DONT WORRY ABOUT THE MONEY ITS GONE COME RACKS
why would Madison ask you out if supposedly went out with Vinny & mikey ? they wouldn't do that, it's bro code.
ask Kay Jones about my greens!
our new night host, . Check her out!
Wtf got to work to early! .-.
RT “: You don't need Xcode / Don't need no SDK / You just need coffee / That's made-in-a fussy way" That's almost right :-)
Thanks for asking. How to donated to CJSC Homeless Law ID Clinic: CJSC PO Box 91184, San Diego, CA 92169. Thank you.
Watching the trains outside rumble by my new digs.
EVENT: The next Georgetown MBA Evening Program Information Session is on February 27th at 6:30pm!
Hey i just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number....so call me maybe <3
Read some of the biographies of Civil War Generals. Stories grew larger than the fish we catch.
Send an email with sizes and images and I will send you an invoice.
Looking for models for the Blush of Spring Runway show, featuring fashions from
We're watching Carmen's performance on SNL, and Jason just observed that the singer looks like she's from Capitol City in the Hunger Games.
not gonna lie, my guacamole is the BOMB
probably why I haven't gone to visit you yet
... the baby is watching the game, so if anything bad happens, blame it on shaving his beard off :)
Dont You think it'd be cool if followed his Arkansas street team?? Cause I think it would be pretty epic:) <3
Yezzir! RT : That's what's up!! Go 'Boys!!
you go boy!
Uncle Kenny's Gourmet Bourbon Cookies:
idc if it's not the holidays. Fa La La is still my shit.
‘John Carter’ Review via
Here's a fun game, if someone stretches a vowel over 3 seconds you punch in the face. Example "I was like Okay" *Punch*
its okay u will grow anyway
Kids are at school, at the Neurologist w the wife, then on to 2 interviews.
It doesn't happen overnight.
Every time I hear Zooey's.. "Is that rain?" it's instant laughter.
Thank you to for the RTs and kind mentions!
Been outta highschool almost 7 yrs and looks like the dress code is the same. Kids: untied tims, northfaces, and uggs w/ minis are all fugz
yeeeaaaaaaaaaah. Iight keep up the good work. You been missin out
And my heart caves in when I look at you
seemingly it's nothing more than poetry...
Good Work!
Yes! I got a Titans game Sunday :( You could make it a double header...
thanks a lot for following!
Rambles? Really? Never?
so lovely!!! new friends!
Tonight is Karaoke Tues! Bring your friends, come on down & sing a song or two. Start @ 9pm, all night happy hour + hourly specials!
I'm off all day tomorrow if you want work out.
Pandora knows me so well :')
Love hearing good things about my first job & coworkers ()
Plus I don't think there's a huge difference between Colt and Weeden. Now it's all-in w/Weeden. Not sure I'd be comfortable w/that
