what does rain have to do with the nba? Bad weather actually helps indoor sports Nothing to do outdoors from nov-april
If my prob was that I couldn't make outgoing calls, where is the logic in telling me to call TS the next time it happens?
ya ya ima wash my hair in my casa though maybe
i love you darling!
My valentine gift goin be simple and sweet
How the hell are the Royals winning?!?!?!?
Happy Holidays from our family to yours!
Dear Men, Picking up the phone and calling is one of the most attractive things you can do. #wordtothewise. Love, Jessica
In practice, the law of obscenity is rarely used, as mandatory classification has for the most part dealt with this issue
I know how awesome!
What goes best with a cup of DreamCoast Coffee?
lol i do believe most woman are secret lesbians!!!
Tonight ! Tonight ! There's A Party On The Roof Top Top Of The World 😃❤
Forever my lady...its like a dreeeeaaaammm
Uh oh. RT HOT OFF PRESS: AT&T to Acquire T-Mobile USA from Deutsche Telekom
thanks for all the suggestions! we are looking forward to releasing the names of some of the artists soon
Cannot wait til sunday. Beers, water, boat. Need that so bad.
Amazing time w today at our engagement session.
Why is "totes adorb" a thing!?!?
word. Kc soon fam. I'm past due
RT : I always find it baffling that Harper Lee only wrote one book. How is it possible, especially when you can write that well?
this week is going to be great! I'm tapping into my positive energy reservoirs that have not been used in a while. 😃
M YES I DO CASPER!!
*~we beat 1D shocked ~*
banquet on thursday
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.
haha. Even Kobe has off days, fam. I still gotta get wit u in the court. “: The worst day of ballin' I've had in many a moon.”
it was worth it.
You didnt answer for my two cents? Lol
I mean every thing I say
Our Brewers Notice was approved today. Thx TTB.
PR Pros-Optimize! First 25 words of your content is the most important to srch engs as they begin to formulate what the news is about
triunityinternational.net...this is the next big one
I crush alot but I wanna get serious.
Looking to buy your $10 Knighthawks Playoff tickets? Call in & you can order them directly from Stephen Keogh! (585) 454-4295
Worked with Tony Randall and got his autograph for my mother, who complained that it did not begin with, “Dear Gert!”
slow motion better than no motion....just stay focused bruh....thats all we all have to do
RESOLVE KU, RESOLVE!
responsed to Jason Russel's meltdown "You can't get away with anything, it's all caught on tape. Life is one big reailty show."
My favorite topping to put on my Mango Pinkberry is: ___________________.
work?! You got a job Tommy?
is Kareem leaving GBPG? If so, where is he headed?
The new Jerry S. Rawls college of Business Administration is officially OPEN! Wooohoooo!!!
Extraordinary people survive under the most terrible circumstances and they
Boy You Know I Stay Ready
RIP Whitney Huston : (
Success - To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
“Well, I sort of don’t trust anybody who doesn’t like Led Zeppelin.” ― Jack White
Just got a quick 2.5 mile jog in...
theres a squirrel in my backyard!!!!!!! :D
dude they look like two straight lines. No shape at all. And prom is on Sat. and I'm doing my hair up. :'(
So, if I post something here...where does it go? We shall find out...
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification."Dr. Martin Henry Fischer
Just got msg w/subj "You deserve a great commute." Apparently they've been on my bus & metro this week 'cause they're right.
And with that, the jury files back in and defendant Julie Ann Bronson resumes testimony in her intoxication assault punishment trial.
am I invited?
Being introduced by a former student (one much smarter than me) is very cool.
Come back to planet Earth
Me:i want taco bell Friend:you like to eat shit! Mom:karina!!! Quieres taco bell? Me:yes I do!!:)and txt friend hey I'm gonna eat shit lmao!
How Not to Redesign Your Website (A Marketing Lesson From NYTimes
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im hiring me the BEST DAMN Acting Coach there is for me :-) :-) :-)
i love my mom♥
I'm personally really looking forward to the moment Republicans choose their candidate because
I love it when pink eye goes away and the sloughing off of the tissues begins. Nothing like pulling gooey streamers out of your eye.
Great Manager Night with 3 who like that actors create and act rather than wear just one hat. Great night meeting and hearing feedback!
dark and lonely i need somebody to hold me.
wherever I wanna go lmao
Ryan Gosling is my hero.
Why did this have to happen grrrrr
Totally. I like a cautionary tale. And multiple ppl have recommended the Bain.
Thanks for being a fan and tell your son Happy Birthday
follow me back?(:
I don't know why this didn't occur to me before: just remapped the ` key with an em dash with xmodmap.
“: happy bday big cuzz ”Thanks Bro!!!
Not that much separate either team and the #Caps are very talented. They aren't a typical 7th seed
oo hahha & i wished a happy birthday as well mines feb 22
Tony Allen could be Meek mill's daddy.
'bout time somebody reckonized... RT : Spongebob Squarepants is a wise little dude.
You tell that paper who's boss! ;)
“: yes that is definitely how it should be”real talk
Thanks for the RT !
The for the fllw ! Just 10 more and our 200th gets $20 free cleaning!
Didn't get a chance to say welcome home to and of course !! WELCOME HOME!
AHA! I knew you couldn't stay away from the Ward! Enjoy your class at C2.
still hasnt followed me ... 2 years later..
Is making their Minnesota Debut Tonight at #free #winetasting 5-7pm. Come meet winemaker James MacPhail
Fuck. no no no no no no no no. ✔yes.
For the 1st time, the Magic Kingdom will stay open for 24 hours, from 6 a.m. Wednesday, Feb. 29, to 6 a.m. Thursday, March 1. Happy Leap Day
agreed!!! Shock Jock. I'm done wasting tweets on him
wow... yup... nutella
all emotion aside
sweet.. judo at all ?
Yeah, but like what makes us assume that? Give me a break, this is the first I've heard of this theory!
Why are so many young athletes dying these days!? 26-year-old Norwegian swimmer Alexander Dale Oen died from a cardiac arrest yesterday.
BatteryPower.co has a 30% off #blackfriday sale on all replacement laptop batteries! Free Shipping, Years Warranty!!
It's another sweater-atop-sweater kinda day. Is it REALLY May? About to go into hibernation.
aint it! Its arriving today @ my job & ill surprise her w/ it this weekend :D the 4 letters stand for her 4 boys :)
ahaha ! Go to sleep freak !
Laurans: Every sign points to fact that we should have more #edtech in school. It's also something that needs to be proved.
I love and I love hard so #toughlove nigga
When did Calvin become such an asshole?
I miss u like crazy
I pay 15 bucks for mine
Happy Anniversary! I :-) twitter!
Today's #IUPUI special, 2 Pork BBQ sliders with slaw and fritos $5. Any purchase over $5, gets a ticket for free admission to the #FFFTF 5/4
What a pleasure it was to present today at the Entertainment/Sports Symposium on Miami Beach! It was a great program!
Bills to attempt to pay later today.... #needtomakemore$$
Same here
Damn havnt bin one this shieet for a long time.!.
cannot wait to Have a half n half in the Sahara
Sounds good but if it usurps the US constitution then that's where the SCOTUS should draw the line
When is that stupid looking spinner belt going to get up dated? Make it a respectable title belt or
Signs you've been on a dating site too long: they contact you and want you to become a site moderator. COOL GUYS. STILL SINGLE, THO.
School blows
Commercial RE broker open in Hayward
Orrey just called someone a boner biter... Okay...
Right. Hence my confusion (and my father's) as to why I am unemployed. Whoever reads my resumes didn't get the memo!
There are loves that hurt even when you sleep... Sucks.
I KNOW. Someone once told me I reminded them of her (as a joke) and I was like "THAT AIN'T A JOKE"
We are currently on pace for a BLOCKBUSTER YEAR in terms of submissions!
Going too bed, I'm exhausted. At least I got all my friends presents bought, wrapped and done with(:
Watched a bit of National Geographic 'Hunt for the Abominable Snowman'. I think they hit bottom.
carving up a balloon is an explosive metaphor
Sugar Ray Leonard @ Politics & Prose in Washington, DC June 9 to sign copies of his latest book. Pre order here:
Bitch please, ur bra has more stuffing than build a bear
SEEING IN LIKE 2 HOURS. CASUALLY FREAKING OUT.
It was The Skydivers.
its 4am!!! wtf good night twitter
Play with social media today: Click on all the buttons and fill out all the stuff. Are your websites listed? Is your bio/about up to date?
Hi, I'm Wesley Frazier and I drive in reverse.
Thanks for the follow-back, Carrie. I love your blog!
Safety-net hospitals w/ disproportionate #s of Medicaid patients & hospitals serving a large share of the poor are 40% more likely to close
Mohamud has kept his head down, flanked by defense lawyers during pretrial hearing in federal court. No cameras allowed inside
thanx, u guys r right 100%.Criss is such a sweetheart
Okay so tomarrow is V-Day. I have 4 monsters, lots of candy, and a hole lotta lovein to give out. So ready. Tomarrow is gunna be
I had a taco salad from Taco Bell for lunch today. And I ate the shell. Go ahead. Judge me.
Happy Mothers Day to all you wonderful Mothers!!
RT : In opposing #SM3, Sen. Aguilar, a doc, says it impedes basic rights of patients to have all the information they need
I hate this day.. so much.
:D RT : Sex with a #Pisces will wear yuor body out.
Thanks for the link! It was a pleasure meeting you.
70% of morning exercisers stick with their workout routine long term. What type of class would motivate you to come in the morning?
have a blast!
Haha, if only!
Thanks for the retweet!
2 in 5 years? I think Kim went through more this weekend.
that soup looks good!
Sounds like a good time!
I'm on my way to the Highschooollll
Les Barkley on Matt's response to Pete leaving: "When Pete left, everybody went dead. That's when Matt said, ‘I've got to call recruits."
I'm really excited to see The Wanted at Kiss Concert 2012!
To create graphic for story I typed "Blenheim" in Google Earth. Now looking at Blenheim, New Zealand. Not helping my restlessness
Ugh i'm helping my friends move and they just turned off the wifi. I'll call you later. We must talk
Hungry! RT : It's National Hamburger day! Enjoy a burger at & the'll donate a buck-a-burger to !
how do you think they can afford the $100 credit for all customers this month? :-)
Moving Sale 2 the pen is stupid, if the elbow is tender y not the 15 day?
mhmm! :) how's the kiddo?
If your a stripper and your always broke you need to find another profession
Good choice. ;o) Yeah, that's Wedding Central Station. We almost chose it, but went with
Surreal, but shockingly, entertaining as well. Not bad job by Anderson either:)
": well done trying out for The Denver Broncos :) from a fan in Malaysia"
Bless me Father, for I have sinned...I had pizza for dinner. I know, I know...my penance....it's going on my thighs. Have mercy on me!
Goal: Run atleast 4 days a week....... & no more smoking!!!
Very very much looking forward to it. The shows awesome
well...flipping between that and NCIS
Worry is a time-wasting pastime. Most of the things we worry about never actually happen. We just invent them in our mind.
Smells like popcorn. My sister must be home.
Maybe if i eat all the cereal in my kitchen it will be restocked with not shit cereal
just about to do chores, you?
As I haven't loved every FFC film, I always love hearing him speak on film, filmmaking and film tech.
I'm going to see my friend today. We haven't seen each other in years. Lots to catch up on!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 45
I love yall ☺ ♥
Have you liked us on Facebook yet?
": what do you think? Should give Jake a chance?! #MIOBI" YES YES YES A MILLION TIMES YES!
Do you have office hours today? I just emailed you about Imagine.
Free Massages by this Sat May12 at the #FREE #Health & #Fitness #Expo in Look for the booth!
Had good night out with friends! Now to bed! Night, Night!
Show you can go 100 miles per hour and help launch our drug detection programs. www.Drugfreehomefoundation.org
Major fucking migraine
Looks like the music website and confetti cannon shows will have to wait just a bit longer. Stay tuned!
Just as long as the Yanks are part of it! Yankees/Rangers ALCS? I think so! 😁
Coach!! Long time no see. I wish I was in the tournament and played with you guys but I'm still in the states. So good luck!
I am. Long week and have to be up at 5 am. Miss our midnight convos :(
#sundaylibrarian under protest. sleepy.
Fair point, Miss Steele. *pointed stare* It is also about the execution of the message.
Watching show excited to see children!
I just realized why I never use Siri. Because I can't ask for help. Ha, so true! It's all about researching for me. I 💜 a good challenge.
Afternoon Tea Takes Tantalizing Twist | RumFire | Hawaii Restaurants
Off to school bye!
PRAISE THE LORD.
NFL great Jim Brown calls Alabama's Trent Richardson "ordinary." Crimson Tide fans blow gasket. Jim Brown is now trending.
Police and others are searching the slopes of Mount Taylor for a small plane that crashed against them. Before it fell, it radioed for help.
off to NYC tomorrow for some shows! great times ahead (well, i'm assuming so, anyway)
I miss our encouraging times with you and Boston is treating us well, how are things in NJ? Send pizza & bagels
Just like your Pop.
Wondering what lady gaga is wearing this year? O.o
I'm very excited Cole will be joining my team! :) RT : Congrats, Cole! Great to see you join
Holy CRAP, I stumped The Sage this morning! (Sad he didn't like my question- that was a new rule to me)- got to hear the Mats, too! Thanks!
#GoTribe Bought an indians hat today
girl u better follow me back
you bet, maggie! please let me know if there is anything I can do to help out once you get up and running.
Jupiter and Venus
Coffee & Zyrtec. A magical mix to battle #Austin allergies.
Get your yellow coupon book throughout the mall and start saving today! Savings up to 50% off!
I AM
4 more days! can't wait to hit the road. i wanna run away, and never say goodbye.
and that's how it all becomes magic in your mouth
Yeah its time to do something
Hospitality Design Magazine Awards Crystal First-Ever Cruise Design Award
#Buffalo has amazing WX once again! Where are the blizzards?
Besides I love her :)
8 weeks....8 WEEKS?!?! Ah!!! Time to put my bikini order in & fine tune meals & water! What an adventure! #EmeraldCup2012 👙👍
onw you're so cute love u baby!
Bradley Cooper with a mustache?! Make it stop.
you must come visit #EISSOF during 2012-13 and witness reinvention of school through innovation! #Eminence is a
Im seriously always tired..
dm me it
yes you won because I accidentally hit forfeit in the middle of the game...
I feel bad for the fakes & phonies. There is no growth there. Only truth and real experience brings true growth and wisdom.
what's this?
123 inning is a thing of beauty
Why can't I go to sleep?!
counting down the days lol hey are you coming Thursday
Damn it felt good running again tonight.
Get a female then forget about your boys. I understand. Cant compete with what she can deliver
thanks prophetess, I receive that!
Happy 1st Annual National Digital Learning Day! 1110010010011001001001001000100
Urgent Casting! Do you have a friend who is in a bad relationship? Do they need help? Email your story:
I am really intrigued. Waiting for Genesis P-Orridge duet next.
I have wanted to see it; my DVR is overcommitted. Maybe this summer! Xo
thank you so much, we believe children are the future and we want to give them the skills they need to succeed!
You will love our "What's Eating You?" Nutrition & Stress Mgmt Workshop on 4/25! Make sure you sign up quickly; this will fill! 619-501-5664
Entering the brave new world of online-only history courses this fall: Contemporary US History (post-1945), 3 credits, 14 wks, Blackboard.
workin hard for the team. next stop, MANSION AND EXPENSIVE CARS!!!!!!! lol
Toshiba Excite 13 spotted at the FCC - Android Community
Gonna wear all white tomarrow ^.<3
lmao Eric ass tweaking
ohh that's awkward / : probably won't talk to you in a while !
Love reading the hate tweets between #Yankees and #RedSox fans. Reminds me of my hate tweets about the
yea, but I'm shy lol
I can't wait until Lizard Lick comes back on I love and I miss seeing the show and her teaching thoughs boys a lesson #TEAM AMY:)
That's some bitch shit. Don't grab Lebron's shirt because he stole your ball.
are tickets available at the door?
N HAPPY BIRTHDAY HOPE U HAVE A GOOD 1 N FOLLOW ME I LOVE UR SONGS I CAN ACTUALLY RELATE 2 SOME OF THEM
you know I can't do that...
Don't forget Waffle House! : Madison needs a Jack in the Box, Whataburger, Taco Bueno and Baja Fresh....
Is any one out there using Jaiku and want to send me an invite?
If Britney Spears was able to get through 2007, I can get through finals week!
nah just hungry!
Tonight's Jason Ajemian show moved to There will be oysters and espresso.
It's the Ides of March. In Caeser's day, a "seer" sensed something magical and destructive in the air. Now, we call that stuff "Dark Matter"
D.C. will continue to progress and pundits will be proved wrong (again)!
Teach those kids! You might really enjoy it.
did you win the contest from the #Brewers lawn crew??
how is it that i nap after school, and im still tiredd?
#Socialmedia 'A lethal weapon that can be used for good or evil' Canlis brothers cc
Q7 O, tough one. I feel like I've done so many things, I've fallen into most of it, but each job built on the last.
suicide alert
Unfortunately I do. Thanks.
12 games to go, 1 game at a time.. no one believes, but we believe!!! ..
Just our luck. Called in noise complaint for drugged up neighbor, but dispatch says all busy with shooting few blocks away.
Eyebrows define a face! Permanent Makeup makes last forever!
likes to get on my twitter and say I'm pregnant.
Dealing with a heart that I didn't break...
Apt quote from panelist Mylavarapu: "Think about technology as an artful solution to fixing the world's most pressing problems."
Hell yeah... I'm not worried. We rock our home floor. ": #clippers bout to own game3 & 4"
it's like Seattle drivers have never seen rain before
looks like a calming potion!
Just got my celly cel dj quik tickets!! Hope they're ready for us , , !
my cell phone is gonna get me caught up
#nerdland trending...just love me some
Goodnight everyone.
Lawl at girls who stuff their bras...
Ha! >>RT Saw a tech ed headline: "Mother, son bond through welding." And I thought, "Ow."
Beat Idaho State! #GoCanes!
we need local ambassadors for a new and exciting feature for our group! let's build communities together!
Does beer & pot stickers count as carb loading last night for this big 5k I'm taking on this AM?
I started to purchase a fur vest a la beyonce's 4 album cover but decided against it in the checkout line, tehehe!!!
Kings Have Rings.
Just released, 1st edt. of "The Rolex World's Top 1000 Golf Courses" available: amazon.com, amazon.co.uk, in golf stores & selected proshops
Featured today on Midday at 1 pm: People who refused to go along with policies or conventions they believed immoral or unethical
Loading scaffolding tomorrow at Blades in Rio Rancho, building Monday at Sport Systems. Anyone down to help?
** Free at walmart & Sam's, watch www.downow.info I supply 125 leads a wk, enroll at www.dowsite.info need help call corky 417-358-1250
We ship.
I'm no match for my bed... night!
watching a awesome show, every one knows that! What's sleep anyway?
's dare is: "beautifully bound failures".
is that with a CSU id ? I'd love to see him for that price! Lol
Irish prayer ;May God give u ..for every storm,a smile , for every care , a promise & and answer for each prayer.
Kidrauhl Deserves Respect
was a decent athlete 20yrs ago but no one cares, nor do I
Do you find that most clients are able to maintain the same buying habits after the divorce?
i flip-flopped throughout the books but ended on team peeta.
yep, and congrats on winning!
has helped me realize that I am more than just a grade point average. My talents, creativity and determination define me.
Thanks for taking 14 years off my age.
Bastian Schweinsteiger NEVER misses ! Great game. Munich is through !
RT : Hello everyone: and I dance 3rd tonight. So please start voting when the show begins!! Thanks Tweeps
Hey thanks, Anthony! And, thanks for all of your help.
great adventures in kindergarten today as we finished our Magic Tree House book
Nobody told me I would need hornet spray to replace flowers on graves. Yikes.
that's a tough life
I KNEW you were still a SPURS FAN <3
Wrong for that. Harpo was not acting
hey, tiger. :P
Good morning. Lets get our minds right for Yanks vs Sox tonight. Forget the KC series and focus on this series.
Cakearokee is bangin' tonight! Get up here!
Trying to keep up with people. Getting financing's tough, haha.
Howard, my startup is launching in a few weeks and I'd love to ask for your advice. Could I stop by next week & bring coffee?
THANK YOU & we love YOU!!!!
Hope everybody is being safe out there in #seattle!
Great job reporting the unfolding events in Indy, Tyler--thank you!
SEVEN MINUTES. <3
are you a chopped salad guru? which other ones in chicago do you love?
who's ground game is better ROUSEYS ARE YOUR JAPANESE GIRL U KNOW WHO I'm TALKIN ABOUT
have a safe trip! get a good tan before your interview :)
Tara from True Blood is the worst character on any show I like.
Fresh out the shower lookin for good time! #TKILtweeters flyest tweeters in the game ,
My Mom liked your "The Martha's Vineyard of Oklahoma" bit ;-) I know, not very exciting, it's been a dull day :)
Gaaaah! Is it on YouTube? I haven't watched it this year either and I only have a little time before I go bye bye!
My 1st cookbook, Extraordinary Cakes, will launch tomorrow. To get a copy & learn more about book events, visit extraordinarydesserts.com.
"just because I fucking love her" GREAT FRIEND!!!<3
Dear Nonprofits, if you're not at the #TejanoMonument, you're missing out on a great opp to learn the history/culture of Latinos in Austin.
Museums continue to struggle w/engaging social media users while trying to control the message. Time to give up control?
#Bears game is ridiculous. How about a play without a flag??
Happy Mothers Day. All Mothers are precious, All have sacrificed something for your greater being show them you appreciate them 2dy.
Tonight I learned that I can talk to absolutely anyone...when I want to!
I had one crazy ass dream about fallin.....n i could feel myself fallin n my stomach.
The rip rocket was zee best !
Yep, 4 years. I would like time to stop and take a rest now and again.
Which is very awkward for her sister, Claire Buick Howard.
Me staying home all day = eating everything in the house.
#Imagine You:''There are so many pretty girls out there!'' Harry:"And my heart chose you!'' *Kisses you softly*
I think the only person who remembers me wearing high tops is u remember that?
Have a good Easter Break everyone! We will open back up on Tuesday.
happy birthday love
I Like Peanut Butter. Its da . Yum.
I need to try something like that...
I have a rash from the red dress. 😞
Why the fuck am i watching Christmas movies? Lmfao
is happy to be a part of the Facebook Family!
Ad she suppose ta b the basketball coach nxt year fml
Eighteen years ago on today marks the 1st time in South African history that a democratic President, #Nelson Mandela!
The weekend was good, thank you! My kids let me sleep in Sunday which is always good. Now back to the grind!
Last night's skype date with my boyfriend was cute c: I'm new to it
but still he could at least found a way to call me and say it
ah, well in that case *hugs*.... or however you send hugs on the internet lol :)
I can watch. Seems a bit into game, no? Why 'this' at bat? He graze him earlier?
Home of Napoleon Dynamite (Preston, ID) just referenced on Idaho House floor. +10
Wow! Just a thought, my passport is getting dusty! LOL :) :) :) xoxoxoxooxo
Box Office Report: 'Stooges', 'Cabin' and 'Hunger Games' in Tight Friday Race.
There is seriously NEVER a full moment with my gram and pops....they are HILARIOUS
lol you made it seem like you didn't 😝
ever see the south park episode on this? funny-but was true. ppl barely read terms of agreement-they just click yes.
HEY!! hahaha and..... HAPPY HUMP DAY!! lol that made me laugh
Your "scratch here" tweet is clever. WE wonder how many people actually scratched their computer screen. ;-)
Marilyn Monroe is so beautiful .
We buy material objects to serve US We end up serving THEM! Every thing that enters your house has an ONGOING contract on your time! Beware!
Little Boner
The perfect breakfast solution! RT : i want a cupcake.
deleting facebook
Thanks to Deb and Carrie for speaking at the legislative breakfast today. They knocked it out of the park.
Happy Hump Day folks! Another gorgeous day here in the Mile High City! A perfect day to look at real estate!
Less than four percent of the world population has naturally red hair.
You are welcome!
don't say fml, theres someone out there that wants your life and/or is glad you have it <3
I've played it three times in a row.
I'm ready for the Super Bowl to start (and end), so we can get on with the offseason activities such as combine, free agency & draft!
wish I was there :'(
That game of FIFA>>> any other game
Burnt the fuck out
My heart is my worst enemy. Why? Because it belongs to me but it beats for him.
is going to be crowned queen TMI.
Thank you for making my life taste good! #tablecrackers oh so yummy.
I'm Dead axx! Shxt gone get real. lOl!
Next month I'm am shooting another TV show in Los Angeles. This is gonna be fun...fun...fun. :)
baseball and star wars legos duh!
What is today if Yesterday was Tumorrow.?
what the business is bro
thanks, it hardly does it justice, but it'll do
Seeing The Lucky One with :) its a great sunny day in Georgia.
mall! thank god. need to get out of this house
Dnt give up on ya dreams real talk -Jeezy :) NP
never watched an episode of american horror story til the season finale, that shit was crazy
You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! You'll be respected!
Your pretty darn Intelligent Yourself!!😊
or a NYer
i love Betty White <3
At my interview super early.........
For a reward, watching Mad Men for the first time ever.
watching Poetic Justice w/o the curse words <<<<<<
C'mon! We know you want to....
You are absolutely right! ;)
Do you like food? HIBF2012 does! Come check out , , and ! April 14 -Bring an appetite!
Happy holidays! Big things in 2012 RT : Merry Xmas and many many more from Greg Marius and the EBC Staff
good day sir
It's the weekend, time to sit back, relax, and enjoy a taste-tastic Classic Buttered Salmon Steak at the B!
Donna Summer can not be compared to any other other. We will miss u gurl.
that's my final life goal haha
we are up to $60 to see someone wear the "green man" suit ! Care to up the anty??
Tastings @ NW22nd: TODAY noon-1pm Can't wait to see our cheesemonger crack open a 36mo wheel of Parmigiano Reggiano!! So excited!
It's National Earmuff Day! Too bad it's too hot here for earmuffs...
Yup. Well it's not my favorite but a really cheap trip is!
hahaha I never thought about that
So , I just signed up for Men's 4s Vball on the second highest level the city offers. Should be interesting.
Note: for those tweeting about VA #staterape, strongly advise against use of "transvag__" in tweets...
5% off all sales over $100.00. Call (323) 731-2561 to place your orders and use the promo code 8267.
did you hear that new mel gibson tape? he obviously abuses marijuana and needs to be locked up ASAP before he hurts someone.
Only a strong woman can help a strong man -
Happy National Library Week!!!! Let's get this party started!
Tigers survived the roll of the tide!
when are you coming home?!?!
Glad to have you join us! You r going to have to put your glasses on tho.. the last couple times you have been kind of slow
- Depends on who else they may or may not have interest in dealing. Read between the unmentioned line on that one.
yeah but he will be at the house.
I was flipping through the tv and saw a Coyotes game in the 3rd period. Almost got pissy &indignant then realized it was a rerun not Round 3
Very insulted by the New York Times article about NO vegetarian food in the Midwest!
Oops, Ben forgot about the "no tongue" rule when on camera. Hope he doesn't get another kissing lesson! #bachelor That didn't end well!
To a religioud person, saying ”go to hell” is probably the most disrespectful thing you could do.
FYI for those I work with I was on a conference call at that moment
I DON'T SPEAK POLISH
Studying at the #SDSU Love Library for the last time!
Can't concentrate on work yet? Write a cowboy haiku and post it to our FB wall to participate in our poetry contest!
what about cats?
I hope someone is secretly working on *the* web design app we've all been wishing for to shake things up!
I have a couch in mine!
sometime this week!
♬ Carol Krumhansl of Cornell University found, up tempo music in a major key brought about physical changes associated with happiness ♬
did a nice job at #raincamp atlanta today. Well worth your time and a few dollars
Ed Tech?
Husband got diablo, I should have no problem being on twitter & watching my shows tonight after kids go to bed. Anything good on Netflix.
now I am not saying either is true, and I don't disagree with you…just using different lenses :) My dog in this fight is small
Congrats on the new gig!
just matched my donation to to support LGBT equal rights.Thank you Chelsea! (and hi to the nugget!)
What’s your favorite type of massage?
My foray into men's fashion advertising of the 1960's is completed
s/o to , so happy I got close to her cusI know i could trust her<333 she could put me in the greatest mood ever outta no where c'x
great! Votech has gotten me tied up after work. Do you have any future jobs in mind?
oh i thought i did lmao.
Happy Mothers day to the best mom ever! I love you! 😘
Everyone is good at something. Manage your weaknesses and build your strengths.
A year later? Yes. Multiple times.
Looking for something to do in March? Don't miss the fabulous events happening at Lost Creek Winery & Vineyards
im extra late, but JUJU
RT if you're down with
Couldn't sleep all night. Crazy dreams
I'm so happy :)
Had fun at MOD's marchforbabies even tho it was pouring rain. What a great turnout! Even saw Calvin from !
Desi Dance study session #1 starting now.
You're not as special as you maybe think that you are
That was funny as fuck lol
Three days in a row? My life is turning into a wakeboarding vacation.
They were killing people when there were no laws!!!! That's why we started fighting for laws!!!! Duh!!!!!
60000 vets discharge in Calif each year: helmets to hardhats
aaaight i will of course:) your leaving me on sunday:(
nice! #jealous :)
YOU'RE SO PRETTY!
you could combine both in ppt
is that hashtag "i'm old" or "i mold"?
can't sleep because I'm reading your book -what a great page turner!!! amazing stuff. congrats!
And you reply... I like the thrill. Nothings gonna me feel this real. So baby don't go home. I don't wanna spend tonight alone.
The foods smell so god
that's a lie!
<--- just got a fresh cut
hellloo ms. Bullets
Never let a circumstance rob you of your identity. Jesus is all and in all. He is your divine advantage.
yes. It is very real. Lol
you know it! Imma catch first half at work then in going to haul ass to the house haha
Could U wish me a HAPPY BIRTHDAY PLEASE it would mean the world to me : D
#Error37 Damn it!
That was weak-sauce by him.He doesn't like someone saying he can't run fast but then talks about someones hair
Had a great time last night at the Everybody Dies Film Festival!
Dang. People put tweets on here you can't help but #RETWEET !! (:
griffin lounge is cute... Ok
It's really me and thank you for the welcome!
The forced virality/auto follow on is what's generating all the buzz. Should be opt in. Pretty annoying.
It's Saturday! A walk in the park is on tap... Enjoy your day!! :)
Yea I know I am, wht you mad now xD wwwyki :D
I'm also sorry for your loss.....
Finishing up creating a Hello Kitty inspired custom Little Lazy, cute!
Can't wait to find out more! Thx for following & be sure to chk out all of your mktg, adv, pr & graphic design needs.
whats up just got back in town no place like home
RT : Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap ... but by the seeds you plant! - Robert Louis Stevenson
Become a fan of Fried Nothing Films on #Facebook! Watch our short films & get info on our upcoming feature lengths!
I'm busy with a midterm so I can't go, but that sounds awesome!
#YouGetBonusPoints if you text me first; that shows interest. I like that shit.
^-^ Birthday. Today. Excitement. *Epic guitar solo* xD :3
no problem
is pride transferable? Cuz I'm proud of you. Ride on man!
If what you are getting online is for free, you are not the customer, you are the product. -Jonathan Zittrain, professor of Internet law
I'm done leaving Not coming back
at least we can count on the O's!!!!
O RT : Mackena, Y U NO take jokes?! They're only funny! :D
Relaxing in mi casa on a Saturday night. Life is good.
I had wanted to be in things for a lil more while.lol!!!
Follow me now new page on deck unfollow now its hacked
Sorry we haven't tweeted in awhile. We'll be back shortly. A lot of us are getting ready for school and, gasp, college. Wish us luck.
my guess is the bad food habits increased as your hours behind the keyboard did
I've only had instagram for 24hrs and I've already had to talk myself out of posting shots of me on the john. 6 times.
UK may have more talent, but who has more heart?
Pianist Virginia Eskin performs music of Marion Bauer and Ruth Crawford Seeger today at 12:15 PM. First Church in Boston-Back Bay.
#ThingsBoredPeopleDo go crazy an start laughing out of no where
he's in Boston for the next few months filming so I feel good about my chances- lol!
Jersey shore all day today #YEAH BUDDY
There's hope. It doesn't cost a thing to smile. You don't have to pay to laugh. You better thank god for that.
Man iono nun about nun man im just gettin my money...fuck ya..
tired. heading to bed
Oh...well hello there Fergie!
going to try to get to Newton area (b4 <3break Hill) to see you run by! Stay cool!
"You'll Shoot Your Eye Out, Kid" Do you have a favorite holiday movie quote?
Connect.Discover.Share at www.knowledgesafari.com
#ESPN asks, Kobe or Jordan? What? Could u imagine Jordan playing with Shaq in his prime? Wouldn't be fair. #NBA What do you think?
I'm not the "player type" but fuck man, maybe I need to be.
The best is yet to come! All things are possible.
Featured sessions could be those whose last names are already verbs. Right, ?
We have already partnered with company to handle foreign. Image will be handling North America.
Looking for software to automate emails for new hires and their managers.. help!
The only way that you can ever know if something is of value to you is by the way it feels as you are receiving it. - Abraham
Whether it's physical violence or attacks on women's reproductive freedom it's the same war.
": i already offered up $100 clams to anyone who can produce Gumbels notes! So foolish
Okay good :)
Seether, "Free Again"
good advice. I've seen that mistake too many times. Xo J
So Chris Hemsworth's Thor voice is identical to Heath Ledger's Knight's Tale voice. Is it the "Aussie's trying to sound British" voice?
Watch Movie Last 3 Days...Shits Awesome..
My thoughts exactly My hubs is opposite He thinks that once a bird is an adult theres no taming it Not true. I have =( nothing
what do you need from us, by what time tomorrow? ( new deadline is before 5/5 meeting)
Maybe better you don't know. "-)
Embrace who you are. The one and only created you. :-)
Thank you for the RT!!
I don't normally countdown to anything *cough* but I would like to point out its FIVE WEEKS till Baku!
Any Indians fans that actually approved of the Ubaldo trade when it happened, you should be forced to jump into the Cuyahoga and drink it.
Thanks for the follow Kiki. We'd love you like on our Facebook. Fighting high tolls in Miami.
When ur in love the only person u could thinl about is u and him being together :)
hey peoples! i havent been on here in a while..oops! playing with legos=ultimate awesomeness *win for me and anyone else playing with legos*
Appropriate length for videos is dictated by content and usage
my hair is not havin' it today! #nomakeup #naturalhair #skankday dreading the midnight shift tonight -.- kill me now
gotta love meeting new people on omegle <3
Man c'mon!
Oh Geez. Vilma is taking Goodell to task. WOW
Johann von Goethe~ All theory dear friend is gray but the golden tree of life springs ever green.
Been and interesting week. Ready for the weekend. Happy Friday everyone. :-)
My eyes are so watery 🔫
Does it do that often? I'm thinking of using Rafflecopter so I'm concerned.
haha great move
#NF Follow Her And She Follows Back <3
sorry if you have received multiple emails from Kink Ador, its a new page feature that just blew up. thanks facebook, thanks gmail.
Cool!! Let's try and grab coffee or lunch!
So don't you worry your pretty little mind, People throw rocks at things that shine.
The singing of the "Age of Aquarius!"
#Failure is just part of the process of getting to world class. 'Screw-ups are the mark of excellence...' -Robin Sharma
Offer from Mississippi state feeling blessed right now
I love The Mist!!!
Too many essays to write...and not enough time
bitch, you preggers?
So youre from Chicago My dad takes me thur all d time. He's from Lawless Gardens on 35th and Rhodes. Give me a shout out sis
lol at your boss tweet. What happened?
d-.-b me all day everyday.
that's me right 👍😊 lol
What it would be like to be alone...*dream*
This panel on DH vs. New Media is disappointingly light on New Media.
Can't wait to see my baby on Saturday(: just two more days(:
Just finished 30 Rock, was so funny
Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations
: something that sells the city as a destination...a place to visit and maybe a place to live. Just thinking out loud here.
Day off from church. Working on American Choral Directors Assn. archive project. Cats are helping.
RAVEN SYMONE IS A LESBIAN, WHAT.
Off to the set of "Royal Pains" to play a Beach Cop.
Booked a principal role on the show MESSAGES, an A&E Network Special based on true stories of 9/11 & my first major TV role: Airs Sept 2011
I love Beatwear's boots! Maybe I need a new part time job there.
I'm shooting for 2!. Really kind of psyched about old motel signs in Niagra Falls on the way home. Hence all the slide film.
Sigh...bail money...I have a $400 daily withdrawal limit on my PNC card. Just sayin'.
Nice balance! I could never master that pose. I always toppled in a few seconds.
Submit, audition, study, rehearse, shoot. Love this stuff!
Need to make changes to how we eat, how we live.Interesting conversations #aspenideas on individual choices. All about
For the next 11 hours swing by Diego's Mexican Cantina and get the deal shown here: $6.99 Combo & a Coke!!
Arizona Cardinals 7 Washington Redskins 0 End Of 1st #cardinals #redskins #nfl (Via )
Direct to Gia Polished Diamonds uk and new york. discounted... email
where did u come from where did u go. Where did u come from cotton eyed joe
it's my favorite day for kiva.org - repayment/reloan day
I have info on another vendor with charging stations. Will Tweet when I get back to the office.
chris Brown> mike brown
I'm serious. I'm a Disney freak! Kudos to him and tell him is said so. That's fucking kick ass!
Any Read & React coaches from the Netherlands on Twitter? Let us know.
What I just read wowzers lol
im not even sure im gonna go either:/ i want to but its so much money. I dont think i can do it
working on my dreams :)
RT : "I thought we did okay." -Ron Artest, mild concussion, day to day.
worried about this #Capitals team. #HBO filming could not have come at a worse time. Losses piling up.. #24/7
By my math Dragon Age webseries is putting up solid viewing numbers rivaling most cable TV network shows. Congrats
Awesome time shopping with my wifey #BFFL :))))
Looking at shit in a different view but without my glasses
Same here. And I sure will! I don't think I've ever met another "Luanne"!
Daily Creative Confession with Delano Johnson: NOV21 Mine: I want to end Talented & Broke worldwide. Period. What's your confession today?
how u #living bra
RT : Cool trick: watch #OcccupyWallStreet coverage on TV while following on Twitter. It's like seeing the generation gap in 3D.
Holy Shit, Rams vs Seahawks on Monday Night? That has got to be the worst ever on MNF. Show the final game of madden natuon instead.
I'm the shit, check the plumbing.
The House Clerk's office noticed that their Floor Activities page was repeatedly screenscraped, so they released the data in XML.
wait im back lol
Omg I missed my moms cooking! I'm happy she's off this whole week ❤👍😍👩
Bt that's hw I knw I really like him :-)
Hendricks up for
no, but my pick is Take Charge Indy
Watching the first spring game on #mlbtv! Baseball is back!
I always capitalize the 'L' in the word Love whenever I spell it. Just looks & feels better that way, doesn't it? Or is that just me?
Just when I thought it was past me, it comes to haunt me...
though it seems like lust, im in deep my needs i want... ;-)
Welcome to twitter :) Thanks for the follow couz!
U2sday here in the office
. thanks for coming tonight to address the Dominion Hills Civic Association.
Darius Stay All Up In My Relationship Gahh Damn
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! You are my absolute inspiration. I'm in love w/ Your books! I met you twice today! :D
I am absolutely mystified. What was she thinking.
"Yoo hoo? Are we done hugging and learning?" Jason Schwartzman in 'Scott Pilgrim'
Puzzles are like life. You will always have the cracks, no matter how hard you try to put the pieces together
for sure!
Good Times! RT : Dinner at Yard House with and
Hey look i am in that picture
Someone needs to come hold me.
I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit.
Awkward uneven tan ** RT : decided to work on my tan while studying.. i mean why not.
hi, Rose!
So, it comes to pass the first of the bullshit amendments, why not let it be NC? Sad because people I know from there are pretty cool.
why are you a Liverpool supporter and not West Ham?
And you win the smart-ass award for the day! Woo-hoo! There can't be much room left on your mantle for these things. ;)
Ozzie has been looking for a pass rusher to compliment suggs for 2 years. Finally got one.
Sorry Mitt, thats an old one!!
Excuse me, why is your face cut out of your twitter picture...All I see is your neck...what's going on 
I just got asked to go to da Dance on Friday at mah new skool by dis girl :) shud I go?
Thanks so much!
I just found coffee. Everything is gonna be okay.
Yes Indeed....POOF!!!
got a bottle of Patron & some homemade cookies for Xmas so far & I don't even celebrate it lol oh well, Tis' the season drink up
2 students shot this morning on 67th and Ashland. I couldn't imagine having that worry when I traveled to and from school. Stable condition
To receive a copy of "Did you know that there are 6 reasons why you dont need a technical writer? And WHY YOU ARE WRONG!" Contact me.
Check your DMs ill help you! i know how hard it is when a friend wants to hurt themselves this bad <33
my ass hurts
Well, I've always said it will be United and City might have nerves but they are at home...surely they cannot blow it?
3 Interactive keeps growing in Columbia - Columbia Daily Tribune
"Science of Wine" discussion at #Herbst ended up being not much science...
I hate when people copy my tweets..!! Why not just retweet them!?
Thanks, Dan!
gud idea bro
All she talk about is WANTING what I got! She mad! Lol
Hmm i think ur cuter for saying im cute 😉hahah
"Don't wake me up and throw your failures in my face" = new life motto
Got my butt handed to me today at Carmen La Talegona's class, now waiting to see José Maya's show!
RT from Aren't People who are 'perfect' just failures at failing? Tavis vs. the dark lord
Some Beliebers are saying they can stay up all night & argue? Wow. I'm actually mature enough to stop replying & go to sleep!
yeah she ran my head over
#ParleBlaque will be in the "Infinte Apparel Fashion Show" next month come
happy belated:-)
Made with milk thistle and vit E, Closing Time provides some protection against hangovers and long-term damage to the liver!
Good solutions require good analysis. Why are businesses not investing? Lack of demand? If so, why? Consumers overextended? Deal with that.
actually at this point Watson doesn't do speech recognition, he's feed Alex's Qs as plain text, refdesk would b cool!
Nice to end the day with the support and love of some truly wonderful friends!
nope not isn't it sammiedope right
Anyone have any special training they are using to get ready for April 14th
thank you :))
overnights hurt. i wanna sleep so bad.
I rant a lot.
lol its dragging along...but im surviving
On my way to Level 2 to shake my ass. *popping bottles*. I see this being retro Nina circa 1999. Ah well.
RT if your gonna watch the grammys.
Plum Island getting dinner with my crew.
Happy Birthday to both you!
#NWLC11 "We come up with our own mission statements because we don't like the one Jesus gave us." (Len Sweet)// Tell it!
Garnet & Rondo all fired up tonight
I hope you know I miss you and your cute "good morning" texts. <3
I seriously would like to thank for giving me & my friends the opportunity to meet My night was made. I'm still smiling!
“If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.” Pema Chodron
Tired Af but I feel like I should stay up. Its def a Pool Day
“: Elite!!!! #pimpingpaul” awesome..
The most interesting tweet in the world...
Still following you after all these years...
Family eating time at boa
So tired of folks on Twitter who think they're deep, but they really aren't
Wildlife on Campus Walk TODAY; meet at noon on west side of the Service Building (across Rte. 1 from Dairy). Led by specialist Kelvin Khoo.
These kids just cuss out the teacher. They're suppose to be 15 and 16 years old. Wtf?
exactly...or like an old man. sometimes you look over at it and it's fallen asleep
NICE! RT : Win a trip to NY, a makeover, $500 shopping spree, Luster Gift Basket and more. To enter: bit.ly/nISS7v
Did you know bananas might soon slip into history?
Moves like Jagger :)
I love my mom and wanna make things work but she's not showing she wants the sand
Anybody got a good first topic?
I want one!
RT : Predictable pattern: Franklin Graham goes on Morning Joe, makes outrageous claims about faith, annoys hosts, enrages viewers,...
Congratulations!! Especially on creating your own workforce.
Is it bad that I really don't care that today could be the last day of school? Nah, who am I kidding.
Stephen, Damian and Julian Marley are confirmed for the 19th Annual 9 Mile Music Festival March 3, 2012 at the Historic Virginia Beach Park
there's a lot of dry economic stuff that I don't care for. & I don't agree with White on some points.
Greenpeace paraglider lands in French nuclear plant
Well hello, random mood swing. #soemotional 😭
Many, many thanks to all our AAM and Museum-Ed peeps that came to the Museum-Ed fundraiser last night. We raised over 2k.
well I domed you. I dont want to tweet it.
well just got my next INBA Bikini competition march 24 let the work begin off to the gym.
its 10 30 and im so avoiding doing my essay wich is due tomorrow.. its gunna be a long night
Sorry I gotta root for #MUFC. GO RED DEVILS!!
you BETTER be going! ; ]
RT : Big day ahead--lots of news coming up. And, maybe some fireworks. ## Oh, fireworks! Eric? Ronnie? Howard?
It can be both earlier and later. The Militant actually was thinking of something similar to what you proposed.
thanks for the
text me baby tell mama what is going on <3
#TwoThingsIWant A motorcycle and a Puerto Rican Chick!
Our Stump app was turned down, but you'll be at APE, right? -DvL
i think i can name a few in my head :P
I love hanging out with my 3yo but some days I just want to poop alone
Congressmen #VanHollen & #PaulRyan working together #bipartisan to create #BudgetProposal. This is what government should always look like.
Thanks for reminding me what an awesome panel that was - I should definitely storify life more often!
Thanks for the RT!
I didn't know there was such a day. Cool! And Happy Childfree Day to you, too! :-)
Ugh I hate school.
Good luck to the teams representing Minnesota at the MCLA national Tournament.
Man I hate wen my job got the air on Blast and its near my desk
I'm so tired of fighting
Anyone at #infocampseattle from Microsoft who can find a big ol' touchscreen for ? Promise I won't hold it against you.
Please somebody let know that #Parenthood got renewed for another season, she'll be relieved. BRAVERMAN DANCE PARTY TIME!
Nice meeting you today! great panel!
Pour oil from your natural peanut butter to save calories.Warm in microwave to spread.
OK, grown-ups, what to get your mom for mother's day? Are flowers too boring?
Awesome day with you !! We got some pretty cool s.w.a.g. too :)
Mr. Santorum do you support indefinite detention provisions in NDAA?
RT : will talk about his social commerce web service start-up & his experience, Monday March 5th 8pm
Hey, there. Do you own the domain passer.by? Message me either way, please.
re: give a man a fish: give a man sushi and make him really happy!
no worries I figured you did.
i was literally screaming on the top of my lungs when you guys where performing i love you guys:) FOLLOW PLEASE?
flirting with their bf they go Crazy!! And start Cussing! & glad you didn't. You have Class (: but that's not a question!
someone should get on twitter & talk to me :)
It's all good lol.
It would be 2,000 years before there would be a #Jewish fighting force.
Happy Bike to Work Week. For the first time in the 2 years I've worked here the bike rack was full (4 bikes, it's a small rack).
... It is not his decision alone to make... Legislature and voters will be involved.
Happy and a healthy New Year all!
so who is deactivating ???
most recent Neck Break Kill scene that comes to mind #TheIncredibleHulk (saw it again at Ultimate Marvel Marathon)
He is moving to miami for about 3-6 months(:
Get the facts (in 140 characters or less). Tweet your questions and we'll give you the answer!
Generating ideas for getting the word out about Ko-Thi Dance Company. Exciting!
What about "Do you like your results on Yahoo!?" :) For real though, I like the "…what are you doing to get people"
Back to crossfit. I almost collapsed.
Great legalshield training about what offered as employee benefit and greatperk for firms to offer
Thanks for the shout out. We are still waiting on to get a team of yall together to go "Streaking"
That's fair.
I'm scared but I can do this!
I miss you guys! : Watching the Super Bowl with the fam! Tons of food, noiand fun! Lots of commentary on everything!
where is audition being held or what does one has to do7??
I miss you.. But it's time to move on...
Not all photos should be Instagramed. Some require heavy Photoshop. Some of you need to get on that tbh.
They will probably say it can be used as a weapon... , better to put it under the plane...
Got my mom a planner, "Go away Annette" coupons, gift card to Macy's, and a teddy with a necklace around it. Im such an angel.
follow follow follow
today was a shit day
#FavoriteLyric - "Never give up, never let go, never give in." ~ :)
Well I hope every one is going, to have a safe and fun 4th of July week end. I'm off for four days I'm going to enjoy it. Be safe have fun.
Fave bkfast- NYC everything bagel w/ veggie cream cheese & coffee w/ FF milk. Hard 2 get now that I live in CA!
Made my day. Any chance you can post the whole thing?
How was it?
Also we will be celebrating our boy Nicks b-day!! Come out!
Maybe you should coach the Celtics. You consistently make very good observations about the game.
Thanks for coming in!! RT 2nd time this week I'm having lunch my new favorite restaurant! #IThisPlace
institutional archive photography you are driving me nuts but are still better than most place's IAs/
Oh I am. Spring Training is so close I can taste it. RT : think baseball!!!!!
RT if the number 13 is special to you? A Directioner should know what this number indicates.
I have 1 for you..RT The summer is going to filled with scouting models and rubbing elbows with some influential individuals.
Yes! It is on the schedule. Miss you, Sunshine. :)
haha oh my gosh! his voice kind of got deeper though
Side note: Learning and growing often requires a behavioral change
New iteration of our customer dashboard rolling out. please let us know if you experience any general weirdness.
it's the younger generations NSYNC or BSB I think...
TGIF get 20% off all purchases from 5pm-7pm today (and every friday)
I saw one in Virginia but stopped at "Writers are responsible for their own meals." Pfft. I can do that at home.
my pleasure! thanks for the great work you do. :)
It feels so weird knowing I'm home and not going back to school in IL ever again. Anyone know any jobs that are hiring cute, upbeat workers?
" Strippers that are 30 telling niggas that they 26 "
I know!!! What's your week look like?
Morning people: stop being evil. Leave the rest of us alone.
Hi Christi! :)
Who wants Roseanne for President? Tell me!
I would help if i was there...good luck!
Breaks and rotors shot and ac not working on the hottest day of the yr. Oh bother /:
To be honest, I feel asleep for JaVale McGee's big Game 5. I wish I didn't.
Oh God
Friday night, Lost On LeMans at Gallery13 with some awesome other bands, check it out and tell your friends :)
New York✈ Paris
yeah it sucks sumo wrestler balls xD
love them boston boys
50s for next 3 days.. enjoy while it lasts!! :D
EXACTLY!! Don't have a problem with the story Monica, coz I used kinda like you.
whats good ma
HAHAHA okay. Will leave the chicken off the desk if/when invited. Yes, I will be there! Beignets here I come!!!! Ha.
sure thing! looking forward to tweeting!
5th Annual Beer Experience 3-8pm @ the Hilton...HUGE Banquet Hall THIS SATURDAY ... RT Everyone excited for Saturday???
OK Matty I see you on Twitter!
Jimmy the Greek!
I need a man like Kenny Wormald
I need RESPONSIBLE people in my life.
I just wanna hold your hand.
lmao, i gotchu but tell me about Madagasca ma, i would love to come there for a week
agh..I'm in the wrong state. have fun tonight
Had a Tripel Karmeliet while brewing; not as good as the draught
Stomach hurts
Why is there a firework show in Crestwood?
it's okay I just had to pick up my bro that's why I was in a rush
I think all videos should go to YouTube 1st in order to keep track of views and the origin of the viewer.
In class thinking so hard I can't even focus on the lesson...really wanna move far far away another state sound so good right now
Coffee makes sense and cents makes dollars. www.ogoverview.com
Show some support for our new follower!
Can you guess who we have in the studio tomorrow? If you guessed you were correct!
Disneyland?! I have a season pass now!
Jenny Lind performed at Castle Garden again on May 7, 1951. This was to be her "Last farewell concert in NY"
Rubber band outside of school: Eh. Rubber band inside school: Endless enertainment.
hey, thanks for posting! Made my week. S/O to my old life in Ocean Beach! God knows I miss SD so bad.
apparently #BonIver is a music elitist? Those other characters are not musicians. Clearly based on people's reaction to them. RT...
That's some disrespectful ass shit
Amanda is wondering why michaelbee isnt at work earning money to buy theaux a pony
Where are you guys?
The guy i like is talking to me :o blush!!
im celebrating 2nd place n the county playoffs softball.and when u coming 2 rock down here n milwaukee ??
What is that again?
heh. RT Some people are alive simply because it's against the law to kill them...
I will indeed. I got to know Julienne a bit through conferences and The Carter Center.
Party over here, party over there
Nicki Minaj continues to give me reasons to not like her. That was downright terrible!!
Forecast for Thursday Night: Mostly clear in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 56 to 61.
Not surprised the issue was that she thought the giant seating assignment # on the tckt was her gate (A44) but the gate was in C terminal
Uh, Nas really likes that Ciroc, huh? Product placement isn't even slightly subtle these days..
2012 is going to be an awesome year for EWC! Be sure to come in for an awesome sweepstakes and promo coming soon!
: Don't forget to tell them how much their parents hate them, too.
we thought it was silly too! We have a ton of em
There's got to be a better nickname for me out there. Find it. Bring it to me.
Happy 420 Chris!
Fuck today already.
MonitorDaily - News – Consortium Creates $300 Million Solar Lease ...
Yeah for sure doggy hit a homie up! Im out after 4
welcome! how are you today?
Katie to Jordan,"I wish I could throw these burning sticks at you."
Starting to work on my new screenplay--exciting to tackle a new challenge!
Why not just drink hot ocean water then?
haven't seen main roads yet, but interior roads are slushy but drivable.
Good morning world!!! :)
The GOP was in office during the Kent State massacre.Listen up students and parents of students this could be you or yours.Think about it.
The little yeasties are so happy with my imperial pumpkin ale, they blew off the air lock today and my apt smells like pumpkin pie! Awesome!
Jamming out to boys II men!! Its been 20yrs since they got together wow
So my teacher is obsessed with the hunger games, lol. Hopefully im gonna see it again this weekendd!
How Am I Being Bad???
Going to Legal Sea Food while you are there? :)
but u said it won't reach top 20, it became a top 10 hit! And she didn't even promote and they dropped the song for WFL :/
I assume full responsibility for my actions, except the ones that are someone else's fault.
Getting ready to interview singer Al Jarreau for noon newscast. He's in concert Wed. night at Pantages in Mpls.
I guess I'm relieved I found my work blackberry..?
study so you can buy me a plane ticket to come visit!
They ask a billing address cause it's also a pay site. I have a debit card for my checking but I never had to enter cause didn't
love sharing opportunities to those willing to execute.
ooh you got that 532 number right
After re-reading alot of my texts, I realized I'm a habitual lol-er. I think I need an #intervetion. Lol....
A sock?! Full of butta?!
Following! Good luck! ": You've retweeted, but haven't followed me :("
Smh obviously means "shake my hand"
At the Mattress Factory for pregame, then the March To The Match for vs Denver at #FortressMorrison !!! Be There!!!
ok when I get home I let u know
“: One day you’re gonna remember me and how much I loved you… then you’re gonna hate yourself for letting me go.”
h8 on it
- excellent Getting Started and/or jumping off point. Thanks.
Quite true. A reporter's legitimacy is based partly on their editor's and publication's reputation, but also on their own record.
I need some graphics dude. Give me a shout.
Mourning over. Bring back Bitchbart avatar.
ACRL Futures Thinking: filling up fast....
Think I may put it on ebay. Had several offers and not sure how else to do it fairly
#bestestfriendsforverright? you awesome Venezuelan kid!
Woot Woot, you guys are all such great motivation to get in shape!!! Can't wait for this season to start!!!
Thank you to everyone who stopped by our booths at #JavaOne and #OOW11 this week. See you all next year!
THIS SUNDAY NIGHT!! QSP & FLY YOUNG PRESENTS: THE SEDUCTIVE SUNDAY NIGHT TAKEOVER @ CLUB SUPERIOR!! STRICTLY FOR THE GROWN & SEXY (21 & up)
First Look At Adriana Lima In The Victoria ’s Secret Swim Catalog 2012
a peek into the mastermind. I like it :)
Watching the rest of this awful Uk game @ my bros and I'll head that way for the real game #lsu/bama
Off to the fitness centre to work this body! My oncology check-up came back GOOD ... WBC = 6400 :) Still in remission! I can have sushi now!
send me it by message then.
This day just really annoys me
sorry, i was at lunch. just responded to your email.
Hey Phil!! I like your face, will you marry me???
The Pacers represent the Central Divison, us Milwaukee folk should be rejoicing, they're representing us lol
#loop and I, then writing forever.
sorely tempted; car maintenance might moot it, though RT : Looking forward to hearing Rick Hess speak at 11am today in Bavaro Hall.
Launching next version of Bonamour website next week, stay tuned....
I would buy a Houston #Texans #Manning Jersey
i am on tour soon! Serbia waits for me :)
When spending money is limited, the consumer is everything.
TGIF! We hope all our followers have a great weekend! We offer #FREE #Jewelry #Cleaning, mention this tweet to cashier!
Oh my. The car seat.
i luv u
Oracle Unveils Sun ZFS Backup Appliance for Oracle Engineered Systems
I need a do over today
via text.."Drink everytime Kansas has 2 white guys on the floor" -
☆ "Forget and forgive, it helps you live." ~ Happy December ~ ☆
4th grade enjoying golf in their P.E. Class. #growgolf. .
Biz Buzz for May 14, 2012: Harvie is the creator of Health Care Without Harm's Healthy Food in Health Care Initiative and was named t...
Only my mom could make a batch of brownies that I don't like..
Tampa bay got Barron
White-collar crime.
More rabies cases than usual this year in Arkansas - Coshocton Tribune
Box seats tonight for the Spurz!!! Green has been awesome to watch.
lets go shopping on thursday, ok? Btw is Barbara :)
no doubt
It was not a problem until I downloaded the new OS!
Your beautiful your beautiful it's true
let's calm down now, we both know that's not ever going to become a problem
Perhaps, to honor both administrations that pursued OBL a layer of chocolate, and one of yellow cake.
Why is there traffic at 10:40pm on a Tuesday?! Oh right. You live in LA.
I'm totally honored. Thx.
GO PACK GO! (who cares if it's preseason?)
GOP, if you are not for the American people you are not representing the PEOPLE WHO ELECTED YOU. Special interests who buy you will kill USA
Milan and Hong Kong are two fashionable cities I follow.
"When I was about eight, I decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book." ~ Poet and Author Margaret Walker
Why not 1 of each!!! :) After all the #derby is on #CincodeMayo!! Celebrate BOTH!! :)
English class. #yay... #just kidding
never drank in high school.
At work. Pretending to work.. Looking up mini elephants.. As usual... So cute. I want one
Can't see em cuz its money in the way.
Anybody up at this hour? Provide us entertainment! <3
would you bring me a box of Eat N Park cookies when you move to LA?
lol I already did
You Ever Been with someone that u cared about so much that they drove u to the point of not giving a Fuck after while?
Welcome to MKE. Wish we had better weather for you here the next few days.
mumford & sons!
its like that ? Lol thats a lot ! I'll just text you when I need to talk to you haha
Just completed Week 2 - Day 2 (completed 2.05mi with run pace of 10:45 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with app
my mom loved it!!
why you cryin?
ah... Im so Happy(: My Jersey Girls Just got here! I missed them so much <3 Great dayy!
Thanks for the years of hard work and memories #JasonVaritek. Always our Captain
Time limits have cut 23,000 Washingtonians off from resources that support work and keep them engaged with the economy.
Happy Thanksgiving! Use to save money on post holiday drinks with the fam!
Nothing wrong with starting my day off with eating breakfast,drinking coffee, & watching Entourage from the night before!
You're not the first to attempt it, you won't be the last.
hope you have a great day! <3
Starting your day off right can change how the rest of your day goes. It's good to start strong so you have resolve to finish strong.
This sudden rash of homeless people pan handling with their small children is killing me :0(
you're crazzzayy
Well it happened, I'm totally into the new Justin Bieber single.
French toast, bacon and cheesy eggs for breakfast. today is going to be a good day!
Applying my first full body film for the iPad. This is going to be a royal pain in the ass.
So glad that everyone else missed on cuz the Bills struck gold.
Hello Sunshine, it's mighty good to see you are doing fine, & although it's been a long long time. I still fine that you heavy on my mind..
would live to say hi at Tre Bicchieri
#Bitch aint even worth the shoes she walked out in...
on the road of life when ur wife list status as married &her interest as men on face book ,buddy u missed some signs after shes gone street
“: Sometimes all I want is run away from my life, but I know it won't solve any problems. So I choose to stay and fight.”
Belly dancing brings out the shimmy in Shelby
doont tell me your'e there for me
Now's a good time to go beast mode or whathaveyou. : Seven runs in ONE game! Brewers averaged 2.7 runs in previous 10 games.
ok - admittedly I was going to bash u for not having a video that was Levon Helm/The Band related...however, u win. U win BIG.
Thanks for the best story written about us and the tweet to your followers. We start our Internet Radio Show on Oct. 5th
Omg this oblas oil is strong Af!
Just bought a month of unlimited yoga to ! So excited!
Played hooky tonight. It felt amazing.
yep, junior prom, & senior ball
And forget entirely about dating...they're already asleep.
I have a springform pan, but have never used it.
i swear if he asks out my crush for me, without my permission. I will beat him into a pulp.
Dear World: Asterisks are not bullet points.
#first40songsonshuffle 36. Just Lose It - Eminem
I dont care IM ME!!!! # ucanthandlethis
I'm doing a song swap w/ Libby Koch @ the Firehouse Saloon in Houston this Wednesday @ 7:30pm. If you're around stop on by!!
Jess Lawrence of speaking about Aligning education with healthy goals
Mildly-Above-Average Man
How Do You Measure the ROI of Social Media? You Don't
Per the #FollowFriday tradition, make a beeline to
the other part of my brain is Ruxin.
The Weeknd has the same birthday as me...That's so cool lol
how is your week
Amen!!! RT : I hate mothafuckas who lie about NOTHIN
To all my friends in Japan, I send my thoughts and prayers to you that you are ok...
excited to see how fits in! I'm sure it will be my favorite for sports viewing!
Ha! Exactly! :)
Fun watching #NASCAR at Darlington tonight...with an assortment of post race activities! LOL!
all I ever did was love you.
I need someone to cuddle with so I can go to sleep /:
#13 My favorite singers are Taylor Swift, Ke$ha, Katy Perry, Ariana Grande.
Thanks Liz!
Thanks! Hope to see you around soon...
i need to get back into the habit of sleeping more hours
At #1940census, Grandpa Wright was farming, sister Clara Ellen was a bookkeeper at Aladdin factory, sister Barbara had no occupation
Get ready for day 3 tonight :)
that ...or yer fukkin special! LOL Everything about Twitter is random
I'm do bad with twitter, either I don't even look at it for weeks, or I'm addicted and can't put it down for weeks.
Pinterest is so addicting!
Awesome start to the New Year: my best week of yoga practice EVER this past week! Bodes well for 2012 & beyond.... Bring it on!!
from here! Would like to invite you to the graduation show March 17th. I'll be showing!
The more independent artists that can make a career of their skills the more diverse the music scene will be.
- why the hell would you do that? You gotta never do that anymore.
EST 4 Life
Thanks Natalia! (and for tx for RT) I think we'll hear about Lady-Robots-MSA very soon, too!
Always sick during mid terms. Never fails.
Lots of white boys rockin their hats to the side around here. Sad.
I must clarify I will never root for the #SounderFC!
Hey! How about Florida? :)
They saying I fell off?....oh I needed that!
