That's the way you take care of business! #believememphis La Dispute La Dispute La Dispute La Dispute La Dispute La Dispute Tuesday.
Finally started to do my homework and Diego comes home -___- But I still love him :)
I am just tierd of this kony thing I wish people would leave people beliefs alone and I know u should believe Wat u do but
...even your probiotics will pack up & call it a day.
Best dinner buds for best Body Issue party? & As chill & smart as they are ripped!
I curl into folds of blanket~ tunneling through sudden twists and turns~ in determined pursuit of your toes
Thanks again, everyone. Have a great afternoon/evening/night!
thanks for the follow. let us know when you launch!
Yeah she playing hard to get .. Lol
Is it possible to have an intellectual crush? I'm pretty sure I have one. I won't say on who because I yelled at him at OAH
thank you very much ! you rock :-)
ohh snap haha but he cant do what i can ;)
Howdy "Padner!" How's your week?!
I wanna make everyday the best day of your life....
Amazing brands and the styles you love right in your location. Come and check out City Gear on Cane Run, let us make you fly...
I see a new mayhem commercial in the making.
is tweeting NY newspaper stories from 100 years ago on the same day. Brilliant idea, and he does it with a cryptic, poetic urgency
can u send email? would like to submit obituary of scientist renowned in Egypt and from Egypt. Thx! maureen
Just for you, deary. You're welcome.
Enjoy 50% Off at clubs with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
I am, thanks! Me too (glad i came)!
I like Maroon 5....LADIES.
but that's my dude!
Spread the word like our page,follow us,and talk to us! :]
It's a nice feeling to get Christmas cards from guests who are now housed.
ur so stupid but its kool cause ur awesome with it
come down!!! All my friends dj there!!
should've showed them Lester elem. the P.R.I.D.E
Go slowly, breathe and smile.
is proudly wearing purple today, and you should be too :)
It's our first big snowfall in the Mil!!! Yay!!!
i would power cycle the router
and to let your imaginary stalkers know where you are every moment
follow me sigeme
I guess it good for the ratings but damn this girl chrissy always wanna fight
I love when it rains!
What is beautiful seems so only in relation to a specific
no issues on my end Sophie, but I am using the mobile app.
GREAT IS UR MERCY TOWARDS ME
If anyone deserves a follow from Louis, it's you. xx
favorite song by them? :)
Thanks for the RT!
#AskScandal Love the on camera chemistry and the reliable topics! Great writers!
A special Thank you to the Foundation for their help finding us assistance with baby bedding for our "Red Shield" shelter.
So, Mecca is probably the better plan! (Plus, MECCA! Haven't been in ages!)
Rocking out to "Tim Tebow's Fire" while getting these status reports out the door.
Metrics for art museums: what is meaningful to measure? Not everything will be flattering, but will help guide future strategies.
Morning Tweeps! Is it Monday already?!
I know! It's been maybe nine months since I first discovered it and I'm still obsessed.
Twugs back at you all!
#ThingsIveLearned Today I learned that radio may be the last thing standing when all media gets corrupted. I heart Radio.
May 8 primary ballot Lt. Gov Isaac Weix is a Republican running as a fake Democrat.
Mr. teagues class is straight hilarious today
thats why my imagination is critical-transcending ignorance, creating an outlet
Time 2 do what I do best!
Thanks! Very nice facebook page!
I really think I should start following more people.
Any word on if we should save your ticket :)
2 phones to pay in full + two $200.00 early cancellation fees. We stayed with for their "excellent" customer service. regretting...
“: hahaha traveling!!”. 😲 open them please
That sounds like a compliment to me.
All business success comes from the the person you're trying to help, sell something, or serve. It starts with what that person wants.
no more mike? Fox dropped mike for him? I think im gonna start watching 9news now.
follow back por favor :)
Make Sure to see the 3D showing, its way awesomer
That's all we see from these days is promo tweets!
follow back senn
saw Foliobook and Portfolio, but wondering if they are worth the cost.
BTW--we finished the shed! but it's too heavy to move by myself (and Marie has no strength)...wanna come over :))
sure ask me anything
Thanks for following us! Do you do app reviews and giveaways?
That is so cool!!!
of fat with no exercise! I would have lost more, but I wasn’t sleeping well and I had a couple of weekends where I drank
1st draft of BIW newsletter finished. Will be ready to send out n/week to 90,000 active users. Want a copy? Send email to
Blockhead's!
- Rightly so, my good man.
RT : Thanks to all the awesome artists, producers & engineers that helped #tranZitions project. On iTunes this Tues
Hope all goes great tonight!
Madison No Fear Denistry hosts their Second Annual Halloween Candy Buy-Back Program on Wed, Nov 2nd from 4pm - 6pm. Hope to see you here!
Driving and crying.... "Is It Still Good To Ya?" by Ashford & Simpson brings me to tears every time. :--)
If I Die Tomorrow is trending in honor of you.
How much snack could a snack attack attack if a snack attack could attack snack?
mmkkaayyy i shall bring book 2
:) I enjoyed it as well. Enjoy your spring break my friend.
you need to step your game up!
Do you have a twitter sweepstakes application?
omg BRITNI HAS A TUMBLR I like peed everywhere lol.
Dad: "Trent Reznor's in what band?" Me (eating): "Urmgh" Mom: "Nine Inch Nails"
Wait, so did new Sherlock start last night? Or this weekend coming up?
You can't live a perfect day with doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you. John Wooden
thanks Megan!! I feel like I haven't seen you in ages, how are you?? hope you're enjoying spring break:)
Yep, forgot about Mickey and Deaaron Williams in 2006 season
wating for to arrival minute after minute
great back to back rounds! Stay focused and play your game for the final two and you got this!
they just want the dramatics tho that's all
Cleaned my whole house and did my laundry
You're welcome. Hope you have a good Monday. Keep us posted!
It seems that our site is down at the moment; not sure what's going on yet, so please be patient. Three new posts coming to you ASAP!
Where do they *not* sell pickles in filling stations? : )
well it's a family dog lol
Currently hiring for Weber Shandwick Tech Practice, Looking for all levels.
dang so many activities in bainbridge!! Lol
Do they still have the guys going up and down the train every 2 minutes offering kulab jamon and chicken lollipop?
doing anything this weekend
...some helmet guy #8 celebration coming your way
Today marks the start of Architecture Week! It's a beautiful day to be out and about enjoying the natural AND built environment!
No, my status is not about you anymore, i have other things in my life.
I'll never get over you walking away..
Having an AWESOME Monday! How 'bout U? BIG THANKS to new followers Whoohoo!
that there is even that conversation implies a social value...
Time to start another week. Lets get it in
Today is my Friday!! Happy New Year!! :)
Go ! Im so jealous I wont be there today bt Ill be listening hopefully U guys can hear me cheering! Another great season kicks off!
Top 10 Features Users Want From Google+ Brand Pages
The game will be at SportingKC training complex at Swope park. 4/28 and I believe it will be a 7pm kick.
News break: : #MISSING 9yo Sydney Peet from Fremont County. Approximately 20 miles west of Canyon City, Colorado. Missing since 8a
What's $300 and a 3 game guarantee? Our International World Youth Basketball Summit! Find out more here:...
#Title and meta tags - common problem even with advanced designers is forgetting to create separate tags on each page, a must with Google.
Don't miss our Warehouse Sale @ our NW22nd Garden Room - 10-7pm. Last day for up to 50% off Home Décor, Ceramics, Candles, Holiday & Linens!
In Fridays Getting Sauced!!!!
There's no way the chorizo doesn't win the sausage race on Cerveceros day. Right?
+!_-!~ AVOID THE LINE... CUM EARLY....$2 DRINKS.....SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Oh jeez. RT : I can't wait to see my timeline when Walker is asked to bunt over Tabata
watched them all. I even liked 3.
Let's make the most of the last day of #ILTA11. If we dont see you at vendor bingo, we'll see you at Peer Awards tonight.
is he the only one playing?
Does anyone have an iPhone charger?
The Frail on Live 105 ya'll
Dr. Oz is about to kick off care about your care! www.careaboutyourcare.org to watch it live!
It's not an office building, it's
that's incredible!! Hahaha!
thank you! Wish u nothing but the best :-)
Got 8 minutes until I shut everything down and watch & after that it's
hey how you doing?
We saw a clever group of iPod nano #costumes this past weekend - group of 4 - on back it read "iWander", "iStumble"...
#Georgia Approves 17 General Education Courses for Transfer to Support Complete #College Goals
fantastic preso! I went to #sweetlife & your blog seems very cool. Dare i say cooler than salad?
"The fear of the unknown is the greatest fear of all, but.. We just went for it."
He prob sees all of our tweets and he is prob second guessing.Dont let him do tht,if u do then he cant do what he loves. Dont do that 2 him.
Hello October! Ready for #Halloween? Send us the URL to your favorite spots to costume shop! (don't forget to write a review)
WHATS UP WORLD ITS...monday another day another challenge keep making vids
Its way to pricey to be our favorite restaurant! Regardless, it was awesome. Even if the wife did REFUSE to #eat #kangaroo!
Me and you both!
yes I do!
for what?
50 cent Beers/Shots/Wings
I admire people who barely have anything, yet share it nevertheless <3
Saw a whale just now while sitting on the beach!
Agreed. Teaching them how to practice - how to break it down, how to find phrases/patterns - so important
best quote bro!
#YEEEEEEEEEEEEEE You excited?
I Cried When Michael Jackson Died.
doing alright
where can we send in some info about us?
lol!!' that's great!
Marks on paper are free ~free speech ~press ~pictures all go together I suppose. ~Georgia O'Keeffe
time to head to the ranch
Baby you light up my world like nobody else
Disinterest or amazing tailgating today?- disinterest, but it'll fill up, traffic is always horrible going into that stadium
Sad to hear about Donna Summer's passing
WITH Q NICE GUAP GETTAS IS HOW I APPEAR U WOULD SWEAR I FAILED 100 TIMES HOW IM PASSED MY PEERS NIGGGAAAAAAA!!!
Well, I'm doing this for the first time ever in my Capstone course. Maybe it'll be top notch by then, thanks!
Hell. Yes.
RT : That awkward moment when you get home and look at yourself in the mirror thinking…. did I really look like this all day?
On another note, hope everybody having a good day
halloween with the family was possibly one of the best weekends of this year so far :)
I collect baby clothes
it's been a busy day here indeed :)
you started to sound like my girlfriend... =]
None of u know this but it should be common knowledge that and I thought we killed Switch once
we're ready when you are.
me too!!! oh my gosh right when you find out where to buy them...let me know!!! lol i'm super HYPED! hfoewnfdiehwa;ofjewkfh
Seems like the steelers have a cocky "we been here before" attitude
I can TOTALLY relate. Try earplugs ;)
Thank you for tweeting us!
bc I part of me wishes I could move back.
She certainly is! RT : Just wrapped the 1st interview of the day w/ , a true champion of Health, Beauty, & Philanthropy!
I'm a one-man band wrecking crew when necessary. But, preferably, that's all Adam G...
I'm almost done Christmas shopping already. This is the earliest this has ever happened.
I've been doing that.. a bunch of my friends got their tix I went a day too late! =( gotta keep trying, thanks!
Happy Monday ! I hope you are feeling better!!
I'm keeping it clean tonight tweeps lol
Getting ready for the Letters About Literature Awards at the this morning! Stop by CityLit Festival if you're around today!
Lead Evaluator training complete...its kind of like teaching fact and opinion to adults :)
WIP October News magazine, www.womensindependentpress.com
*Old and decrepit* looks wrong
i wanna have beers and pronounce everyone's name right with
Trying to tweet Funny folks, but I cant bring up their names?
is just a large clever baby with stage presence.
How much has the student population grown over that 15 yr period?
Isles Roloson is stopping everything the Avs are throwing at him!!!
So now I'm not allowed to be sick?
ops, just saw this - long story short: biz in debt, moved on, not interested in doing animation anymore.
What a headache. Casart Coverings is for people just like you. No hassle. No mess. No hours of hard work. Just remove & reuse : )
We'll be there during Check us out at Booth 820! See you!
Thanks!! Very pumped about it.
I love waking up to taming the lion in the mornings <3
I feel like sick.... People are so mean
im following you :)
A great site for social media use! Good job, Jenna.
making pancakes !
I hate working doubles, so freakin tired, just started getting busy again
Thanks for the signal boost!
WE HAVE THOSE JORDAN'S THAT COME OUT THIS WEEKEND CALL US IF YOU NEED A PAIR RESERVED (502)448-9193
Life is becoming nothing.sometimes it may feel like No point of living
That happens. No biggie.
What happened???
43 looks good on us! It's Swing Phi Swing's Founders' Day! We are Black. We are proud. We serve along side our community. We are free to be!
An #FF to those who will make May awesome (1/2)
TREND TREND TREND #1DTONEBRASKA :)))
This is a game we like to play! Do you? RT : If you were #strandedwithabook, which one would it be?
Learn safe work practices on construction sites with our online safety training courses!
Shout out to johnny bones reppin endicot!
A little early bday shopping :)
Made it to New Orleans alive. Step two now is make it out alive
New TV dinner tomorrow, why dont u stop by 4 a try! Chicken n Dumplins w. Spinach, Sugar Snaps, Fired Okra & a fresh baked cookie 4.681.4434
China's Hot New Tech Stock Offering: The People's Daily - It is unclear whether a reliance on government news, exclu...
Great chatting ! I will keep championing your anointment as a future superhero, man. Clint
I'm officially no longer an Albert Puhols fan…
FYI your recaps are the best. My parents make me fwd a link to them every Mon. This Peggy "HJ" Olsen update was awkward
HAHAH. Last tweet was an accident.
Sign no. 132 that I'm a fish out of water at #E11: what is PeopleSoft?
I think it went well! Hopefully scheduling in-person interviews for when I get back....
Happy Birthday Frank! Enjoy!
wow your so retarded !(x
done i just followed back #CeNation friend
Top notch hoes get the most not the lesser.
&Delta; Prove your Innocence
Watching South Beach Tow ( :
Congrats on a great gathering! Looking forward to being back in your part of the world again soon.
Oh my fucking god y the fuck is every fucken one is saying we miss ezira wtf ???????????!!!!!!!!
I have safes at a huge discount. Scratch & dented look like they fell out of an airplane. : )
who hacked this fucker this is my original and i cant log in this account
good look ;)
thanks Brandi! Appreciate it!
Bulls are out!!!!
I can't put my face on the pillow unless its on the cold side
Watching the #TimbersVsRevolution #MLS game tonight? I'm in the 5th row back in the #TimbersArmy (the only guy not wearing green...) ~AZ
I could really use a nap right now.
Doing research for a program designed to help traders improve their trading results. A couple more months and it will be ready for testing.
Ah! What an amazing season starter for #modernfamily! I had some serious laughs going on! It's such a fantastic show! #Glee also great!
Oh no. Deeds reporting that the new company taking over the #Bucket has pulled out already.
That sht gon hav my breath stanking guess I gotta buy sum gum
#Confession I Hate when people call me pretty because I know that I'm not.. I would rather them tell the truth...
On the clouds with my own imagination!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!127
hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, fuckin right, fuckin right...♥
Lightning storm.
Stickam Show tonight! BE THERE OR BE SQUARE! Also releasing some awesome things so come watch us do stupid shit and sing songs for you <3
Wells Fargo took bailout money, paid millions in bonuses yet paid no taxes. That's why today we start to take them on!
You, too, Sharisse. I wish we'd had more time!
Cookies in oven, roast in crock pot and bread is rising... We r eaten well today!
Going to party it up at the beach with #Yolo Make it count!!(:
LOL! RT If Katherine Heigl ever has a celebrity perfume it should be called "Ugh".
I just realized we're 6 years apart.. my dreams are ruined.
Cabiguan Maduro. Excellent mid morning cigar with coffee.
Jewbee is a name only said once by yourself and thounds in a crowd
I hope and still throw water at the fans.
RT : Q3) Training is not the solution you seek
Don't have time to find a notary?? Then call us and we'll come to you! We offer Mobile Notary Service 24 hrs a day. Call us at 877-527-5737
You are really suffering aren't u Nette? Traveling to Hawaii n all lol. In serious tho, after u rest up we should catch up.
C: I dreamt I watched a Friends reunion & Chandler kept making juice but could never find a cup. J: Could there BE any less cups?
#wakeandbake time to lay down some trackolas with some amazazing artists. the music... i can feel it in my balls.
Same! I hope so too. He's got a lot of talent so I'm sure he'll get the role! :)
RT : ok, friends . . . for every "like" this natural pet supply company gets for the next week, they'll donate a pound......
We keep moving up guys just keep demanding us for the Z100 hometown hero's contest!
Become a member today for free and receive amazing deals and savings. Check it out. www.dealohhh.com
“: Everytime Wade scores my mom's like "ese es mi negro lindo" ”I promise you that's every mom in Hialeah 😁😂
As someone who was born in 1960, I remember well what kind of food we had in the 1970's
y ppl always ask me who do i live with... bitch i live with god so get ur ratchet self on some where...
Mariners score twice in the 11th. A's have some work to do in the bottom half.
I just won a #Skylanders figure! J3 is gonna be stoked!
I just booked a bad ass suite for Ultra 2013!!!
Thanks for acknowledging gays' fundamental American right to make themselves just as miserable as the rest of us.
PDX - Gutter cleaning for a disabled gentlenman in Portland. We have ladders, just need hands! We hope to have this done before Xmas!
THIS IS IMPORTANT: i'm making homemade chicken meatballs with spinach and tomato pesto sauce for dinner.
i followed you
i so wnna be sleep now....but this money wnt make itself...#risengrind Happy hump day!!
A couple of our assistant coaches track their annual mileage as a way to motivate themselves. Let us know how it works for you.
Society is funny. They ask you to be yourself and yet they judge you.
That baristas at my Stbx know my drink makes me feel excessively special; "White Hazelnut mocha Katherine?" "OMG Yes!" :) What's your drink?
Meeting interesting new people here at the #IBSconference in NYC!
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone! We'll reopen at 10am on Friday, with double Yamaha rebates, financing offers, and more. See you then!
do you hate me? :'( Are we still GAB's? D':
Fair enough..and I'm hoping that means there will be a followup.
If I'm louder, would you see me?
Shooting a commercial today with
that's messed up dude. Although I'm 100% steak myself.
The Palestinian people will have peace as soon as they renounce terrorism. Israelis have always been ready and still are!
WE PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE ALL OUR LIVE TO THE MAGIC COLOR RED BLUE & WHITE BUT WE ALL MUST BE GIVEN THE LIBERTY THAT WE DEFEND FOR WITH JUSTICE
Thanks for following Ol' Floppy Arms! I think that means I can announce: "Scott Lee Cohen endorses Ol' Floppy for mayor!!!!"
I hope u get that tat covered.
I heard a rumor that is going to be at Smith rock this weekend. Anyone know if there's truth to this?
"Don't exaggerate yesterday or underestimate tomorrow" - Peyton Manning
I feel your pain and your subsequent elation.
RT Positivity starts with BEING & leads to performance. Who are you BEING today?
Happy Mother's Day!! Without Mommy's; we wouldn't be potty trained
what do you think about 50 Shades of Grey? Is this heteropatriarchy or kinky enough to be in our queer club?
I'd love to sit with Mike Goldberg & Joe Rogan one night. How cool would that be!?
found a good one?
welcome to the fray. sorry we lost ron but looking forward to seeing results of his work at the #chronicle. Will miss you at Penn
I'm sorrrryyy, it'll be over in 2 weeks
Eat a bug! “: So, what euphemism for "good luck" do you use to a friend who's going in for surgery...because he broke a leg?”
Ready to start hunting for the eggs? Some are right in front of your face. Let's start with the easy to find eggs!
Thanks for the RT ! Many blessings to you!
I don't think OJ made a shot this whole game
Just picked my phone up from an 18 yr old 30 miles away after losing everything last night style
Poli Sci and me are not friends right now
Liam never said or would ever say that, Liam is the sweetest person ever.
omg u need help...u have to tweet back to who ur responding to! Lmao
Now every time a commercial 4 a ps3 game come on i dnt gota change the channel
the Mom attitude pervasive among geeks. Shows narrow vision, lack of understanding of how little they know of life.
Thank you Tracy! You rock ... just like Kobe! :)
When in doubt, just take the next small step.
1:26am, the earliest I've went to sleep in about two months.
my back's against the wall....
Happy New Year guys! Apparently we are missing one disposable camera from FMLY Fest. Email if you know where it is!
Hang on and hang in---although there are reasons we only had one. :)
Happy Birthday shout out to my stunning sis Go shorty, it's your birthday!!! We gon' party like it's your birthday!
What a start to the #MLB postseason! Who do you think will win?
3 hours sleep, 2nd night up. This is beyond a joke now. Note to self, #get some sleeping tablets
Well it was good workin with ya!
Gay men were straight sex addicts in a previous life. So, we're tired of pussy and trying something new. Turns out, it's the best.
What is wrong with me?! Why can't I stop staring at this girl?! Ugh, she is SO CUTE!
thanks for the article - new info for me. we should talk f2f sometime.
We have our cover narrowed down to 2 songs. Both are amazing songs by great bands. We might end up doing both but only 1 will make the EP.
my next door neighbor is my professor for my summer class lawlz i guess i can always find him if i ever need help?
what is it, I don't retweet spam or garbage.
nah they just glued it again, man i was fuckin leaking blood
Sorry dear! My Twitter use in Dec was limited. I don't have any tech support contacts at FB. I'm not even sure they have one!
what are you referring to? I am far from being a fascist, which is our current state--corps control congress
Getting in trouble for something that you didnt even do< real cool mom
No link?! Thanks for mentioning your page!
This is a Calling, Emerson Grey, Avindale, Takes South By Storm, & Tides of Ruin; LIVE Friday Oct. 15 @ 6:00. Bethel Church 6301 Alabama, $5
and I found a house we want. Now if only I could find a more stable and better paying job!
You red the Jobs book. I did too. Really interesting story to say the least.
Trivia at Nomad World Pub... My Smarts rep is on the line!!
Hope you all finished your schoolwork yesterday! Perfect beach day in Miami! Have a great Sunday.
Oh! New Bubble Babble!Maybe its Maybelline?
Whats goin on da deal...long time no hear from....hope all is well..still waiting on dat email...lol... #iGotBEATS!!!
The sun makes my eyes smiles –highlights all that is virtuous in this life and cast shadows on all that is dreary.
If you are coming to #sxsw12 you want to get cardcase. We will have an awesome promo. Details soon. Meanwhile download the app!
send me some!
What's that? A beer bottle that opens itself?
I LOVE YOUU!
Staying with Victoria tonight. No tellin what we about to get into! (;
after 4 long, hard fought hours..i believe ive produced a damn good paper!
Bumped into my old boo Miss Gean not too long ago ☺😍
Coming down for the this weekend? Stop by the store before heading home! 124 east long street.
no worries on the delay I'm never on twitter just hung out w ben and steph. I'll be ready for a rowdie nye next year tho!
got three fucking Facebook pages Smh
Reading is like eating. Whenever I finish a great story, I tend to sigh and then have an urge to go for a walk.
Welcome to Oxford Property Group , Assaf Amethys! May you prosper!
good night  
Directv just got deal done today lasting till 2014 on the NFL coverage.
You mean to tell me that adjusting down the number available to work doesn't actually change the unemployment rate?!
I would also very much enjoy naps with a cuddly guy right now 💤
damn my dog has some issues he just dumps hes food everywhere and thinks about it later
Thank you for the comment. Hawaii is one of my favorite places
It's just PMS. Pouty Man Syndrome.
Vegas in a week
wit Sid The Kid j
Hahaha. That's up next?
hell of a tournament
Did you decide if your gonna do ONE LAST EPIC L year at CRT with your bestfriends me and Dave? ;) <333 pweease?;)
Happy Easter to ALL!
"The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby." - Natalie Wood
RT : What a wonderful date! RT : Can't wait for date night w/ my beautiful wife! Going to Light Up Night!
Our training programs are lots of fun and will make the 1/2 a piece of cake!! Have fun Katrina
wonderful! (in gay voice)
Just completed Week 1 - Day 3 (ran 1.75mi with run pace of 13:03 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
Grocery shopping with your children? Kids can get a free cookie from the bakery counter at all Just ask!
Had an awesome Interactive Marketing Fundamentals class with , guest speaker and author of the The Demand Equation.
“: #Rangers lead 1-0 at 1:32. Oh boy. Richards with the blast. Not a grea goal by Holtby.”
Everything happens for a reason.
143913~Followed back :) oh cute icon! Love it!
No the funny part is when she gave Sherre the hand
Thanks, Patrick.
Also, there is a photo print of yours hanging in my hall : )
Yeah(x Soo Hoowws Life ? ;D
Wearing t-shirts 3 sizes to small for you
Who Tf is this OMG
Good work by Thompson getting Milsap to foul out. Might make up for the goaltend...
Dear random girl in my psyc class, this is the 3rd time I've heard you talk about your 33 year old bf. your 20. That's gross. Now shut up!
Ah cool...I didn't look at their app, I'll check it out. Thanks for the tip.
congrats on passing 3000 followers
no change - exactly what we have now.
When will follow me?? But that day will be the happiest day ever!!! Oh and i will literally jump up and scream. Love You
OMG I JuSt bUrNT mY mOuTh oN My SoUp:( OUCH!!!
Intermission, 20 minutes of nothing but the
Had a great time last night!
call me maybe<333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
damn , i hope so !
Feeling real Famous !
I do!
We are preparing technology budget meeting materials. Start thinking of you needs for FY12/13
I mean this page wasn't sure whickh page u responded on. But this page. Lol
Well it could be worse. Yep I just checked it is worse.
Hi, please send us any story ideas to .Thank you for following the show!
I've only had the ToFurkey sandwich slices. Pretty dang good, nice texture, too.
BREAKING: Dickless dickhead corporate media asshole Mark Halperin called Obama a "dick" on live TV.
Definitely not.
It is difficult to study for finals when: My refrigerator is running.. so I better go catch it.
Jordan just walked out on cut day for the NGO!!! And Kelly's mom just signed Jordan's partner Wendy to be her client.
Shout out to my co-worker here who is only 6 followers away from 2,000 followers on Twitter! #subtlehinttofollowhim :-)
I saw that one of your tiles had a copy of the webmix and I just added it to mine
WTF what cutie what you doing scoeezy
": Even if i spend the whole day with you i miss u the second u leave ♥"
SHOUT OUT TO THE FLORIDA AND DESLONDE
not really a surprise - best option is a buy out at this point, if they don't catch up
gah I love ncis, but what is Gibbs really like?:) xox
just did hummus
you sure its allergies? You sound like me?
happy birthday weekend!!!
|RETWEET| if you want more followers .. #ShoutoutTime ™
I'm sucha baby. Wah, I always cry when someone's dream comes true.
Tony Fuller
#tech2012 looking for work! He's good.
You're radiant in this pic, especially that smile! Gorgeous!!
Party party
#HappyMothersDay 2 All Mothers in the News it been a lot of Sad News on the Love 2Mothers
Come one send me more # I'll give everyone who send me a # and a question will get a Shoutout LEGGO muchlove YEAAHHBUUDDDYYY TweetsLikeWhoa
playin tower defense games... agreed
"Can you tell history through photos?"
Uh, can I teach at West Nottingham Academy?! Those PLPeeps are doing cool things with alt. assessments.
aw la pobreeee
Happy birthday !!! It's on and poppin
Huge, HUGE win for the Timbers tonight!!!
Def not a leave work early person.....
At Frontera with
...REVEAL your RAVENOUS HUNGER for a MEANINGFUL EXISTENCE!!! ;-)
my settle jokes are too settle apparently, i mean obviously if people still don't get them .
This woman said she was going to sell her hair and quit this job so she can get by on unemployment...And her argument is actually reasonable
My boy got the job. 👌
Sailing, Sailing,... if you are a Diversity Platinum Card Holder, take 200.00 off selected cabins on RSVP's Mediterranean Cruise in July!
New in cans today, Corruption Ale and The Citizen Ale. Come get Mellow and support your local beermeisters.
I think is trying to make me join a cult. If you don't hear from me again, its all her fault.
RT will be performing at the #BingLounge tmrw & want to dedicate a song to their #1 fan. Could that be YOU?
lmao Justin you're so conceited
Hey Hey, #ff #followfriday Have a great day everyone!
Therma Base™ Pro-Style Trainer Shirt from Majestic
that, along with "no one recognized the cat", was was struck me, too
When you use cache.manifest must you cache the cache.manifest file? Or would that explode the universe?
Thanks for the RT! Hope to see you soon!
Ambassador meetings popping up all over Colorado. Email for details
White Out will never be the same color as paper.
I mean #marilynmonroe she's quite nice, But why all the pretty icons always all white?
I LOVE YOU <3
Thumbs up to the Grill on Menaul.
She kissed me on my neck, den kissed me on my chess n den she.... Take it to da head n my #Wayne n #ChrisBrown voice dat song go stupid
#quoteYes. Every single thing. For all creatures on earth.
Almost finished packing for South Dakota for the weekend, leaving a
Hot and Hearty Irish Stew, Beer-Battered Fish & Chips, Irish Meat & Potato Pie, Corned Beef & Cabbage, all served
Sounds good
And when I told him how sorry I was that he lost his child, that my heart went out to him...he was surprised.
Social Media & Non Profits discussion tonight.
Hello Angel, at some point, someone at the Alumni Association found you on Twitter and we matched your name with our records.
Professor who helped youths in foster care systems charged with rape and ... - Daily Mail
he always creeps me out when I'm layin out , and just randomly shows up here sometimes...
Getting pumped for the training video on lymes disease and unexploded ordinances
On the plus side, I guess now your eyes don't smell like smoke.
I think they *can* win but if I had to put a percentage change of it I wouldn't go about 20%.
She thought she was scary. Hell no I wasnt afraid of you. Your a joke and If you expect me to stop talking to him you better try harder
thanks for the FF!
I kno I was tired last night but i swear keenan and kel stped in the middle of da episoode ans stated a completely new 1.
Listen good, I don't have nobody.
RT : The torch will be lit at noon on the Village Green in #Tofino tomorrow. This is a REALLY big deal!
Parking tickets are paid..no more jail for my dad👮
U folks in MI should be very ,very gratetful to Romney for the auto bailout . No! What's the matter with you ungrateful people?
Writers and editors probably have to deal with such high-horse riders more than software guys (like me) do.
It seems like a good conservation of effort to me. And it lets you put your work out there in a (somewhat) shorter time frame.
Who is the best singer of all time?
I'll say this... gets Cleveland Fans. Well done, young man! Congrats!
love your twitter background! is that the wallpaper from the bev hills hotel?
IHC's James Wallace will be hosting the Q&A for with and the rest of the cast! Today at 5:00PM.
Who's got some good
I should be packing, but I'm going to shoot for a bit first.
Just finished week 4 day 1 of #C25K with ! Running for a cause with
of course, who else can afford to?
The profit of school = student achievement. Districts make decisions far from the classroom.
All I have to say is I went to Texas de brazil for my bday dinner and I'm full of gift cards!
Project x= my fantasy life
I used to believe that until working in Alaska, I'm glad God's love for me is everywhere I am.
standing invitation for you, always
im not full saudi yet !! Im getting it soon tho lol
We love to party and eat pizza. PIZZA PARTY!
I bet Willie would make a great friend too. one that you can just call for smile
Diamonds South is where yu shud be. Get tatted n twisted
Okay. Just checking to see if you dn't have mulitple personalites or something.
When you love something or someone,you will do what is best
Not sure I can make that date, but if not, let's keep in touch! 😊
that's good! whatchu been up to?
athletic family too his brother is the light heavyweight UFC champ
Im just sayin' its fine by me if you never leave.
text me your email
Wow, congrats!
>>>> Thank You Very Much, you too...
Bears sucks
have you seen the way members argue? In my estimation, least half are lawyers. #torte not #tort!
#dwts Carrie Anne is tryin to put the fire out!
Hurt my hip -.-
Where the sexy ladies at
Just visited The Weinstein Co. offices in Beverly Hills.
what celeb movie quotes do you love?
what happened to my invite? We have to talk when you get home. have fun
Happy 3rd Birthday ! May all your birthday suit dreams come true.
Nice, I'll have to check it out. Thanks! How are things with you?
I just realized I read this tweet ENTIRELY wrong last night. No wonder you were laughing at me. LOL
no doubt looks cozy and a cool fireplace too!
Referring to "something" you shouldn't'a tweeted?!? Damage already done, you might as well say NO HITTER...
Up and awake, hitting the gym for a little gymnastics work. probably still sleeping. Oh well success ain't for everyone!
Eagerly awaiting the plenary at MAC in Grand Rapids.
damn i'm going to be alone tonight
Authentic class discussions stimulate even those students who don't ordinarily speak up
I want to see the in concert
it's adorable! I love it!!!!
It would. The PDF linked in the post is a good resource.
Here was a guy who battled a learning disorder and deafness and spent most of his time doing chemistry and other experiments.
It's worth a shot!
i'm going to miss Michael Steele when he's gone.
#Wendy Kopp's opinion piece The Trouble With Humiliating Teachers worth reading in Wall Street Journal
Can you follow the power fan club?
I get to spend this evening with the #love of my life while both of us learn valuable information in the process. I'm a very lucky girl! :0)
Don't forget your jeans. Cc:
Friends, you DO want to follow - he's smart, fights big govt, new on Twitter
Early voting has begun. Let me know when you have voted!
Vegetarians delight yourself in our Incredible “Vegible” filled with the good stuff you love!
Become the kind of leader that people would follow voluntarily; even if you had no title or position
I love it, I love it, I love it when you....
I've done it in bed. I did it on the couch. I did it in the car. Texting is an obsession.
Battle LA was cool. Lots of explosions
what's the score of the games brother
RT : Don't drop that beer! Do you know how much that costs?
Who will #Broncos get? Feeling Jerel Worthy most, but wouldn't be surprised if it's Kendall Wright or even Whitney Mercilus.
#Blazers use a 10-0 run to take 97-94 lead on a 3 from He has 33. Career-high is 36.
the drummer of told me they were making a trip to arizona soonish. I can't wait.<3
Not too many places serve Black Rice Pudding. We like it better than Mango w/ sticky rice...
Was in a coffee shop this weekend. Guy playing "My heart will go on" and "Orinoco flow" on piano. Had to escape quickly!
Funny thing I've ever heard.. "can't concentrate watching my Porn while I can hear a Live Sex next door".. lol.. /hilarious..
I really want some Crab Rangoon but I can't eat any. :(
ah - it's motorcycle ad season.
When us DaDa next?
No contest. Tebow plays the toughest position in all of sports.
Woo Hooo! I will be debt free by the end of 2011!
Red Robin is not a gay boy's friend.
Fat girls shouldn't wear belly shirts
If twitter is your main source of news it could fuck you all up LMAOO RIP Adele
No Internet access at the new house yet and I'm cancelling the apartment's (slow) cable... Wonder if they'll even want this router back?
it's so confusing! The BET years pale in comparison. So inconsistent. It's best for Tia and Pooch to move on.
Big/Little pairings were announced last night, alas! Cannot wait for Pledge Retreat THIS weekend!
I wonder how pizza feels about being better looking than Kim Kardashian
that awkward moment when ur friend asks for ur phone number and u dont even have a phone
Thanks for the shout out!
aaron.tv had a successful amount of kids on. thanks <3
Airline? I went to some amazing ones in PA last week.
I love those days where everything just works out. Best feeling ever.
Oh!!! Well, I live at the sportsbk & I'm Miss Moneyline :-) I used to do a column called Odds & Evens 4 what was a good bet
Seriously another Thrice show I have to worry about getting tix 4. I just want to make sure I go to the last one but they keep adding more
clarify please
Ah decisions, decisions...
Indeed! We'll announce it on the blog & twitter as soon as it goes live!
Nice win for the #Caps ...
Busily composing as much as possible before school starts back again!
Well Said - Startups: Keep your friends close, your competitors closer and customers the closest.
you know that video of kristen bell saying she just knew there was a sloth close by? i have the same feeling, but with ice cream trucks
tonight at Bottom of the Hill! Tickets support Free the Hikers
agreed. Was surprised to see him labeled DE right away.
Heading to in few to meet up with the crew for
"Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal." - Pamela Vaull Starr
It CAN'T rain tomorrow!! I'm going to the beach!!
lol snot on your eyes???? Lol huh???
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a Computer.
I can handle disagreement. Strawman argument - arguing against something I did not say - is not disagreement
43 miles. 4300 feet of climbing.
December 30th is our first anniversary, and of course the 31st is New Year's Eve. We hope you will join us for tasty food and drink specials
Thanks for the #ff!
Awe I look like your neck? That's precious lol you're "Precious" lol
This is clear proof that I control reality as we all know it.
The group was barred from last year's Hampdenfest because their material was deemed offensive.
do u like black eyed peas??
I haven't tweetered in a while. Or is it twatted? Twitterered?
Yes. And then the next day when I actually try it on, I'm like "How did my mind think of it as matching?"
People who exhibit the most kindness are the most hurt.
They arne't bad in a margarita either Tom!
from "The 16yo is charged with two counts simple assault by mob, throwing a missile at a car, destruction of property"
really wonderful event today Ian! #womenofinfluence. Thanks for the RT earlier!
I killed that freestyle. KILLED THAT SHIT!!!!!!!
I've been thinking of signing up and my pal said there might be a sign-up bonus today?
i retweet so much.
Chicago is my kind of town!
Just realized that I've been with Ryan for 56 months today. Time flies when you're having fun! <3
I'm looking for anyone who handles social media at/for an area law firm. Please get in touch!
Just finished seeing the film "The Divide" about a group of NY survivors dealing with the aftermath of a nuclear holocaust by North Korea.
Have a meeting with Cirrus on 3/21 to pitch my new show! Gearing up
true, but they're hellbent to get every penny & the biggest issue is plyrs are mouthpieces for their agents
“: Watching #Eredcarpet ... wish I had an excuse to wear awesome dresses like this” -your wedding!!! :)
tell melony I said happy mothers day <3
Put your money where your mouth is!? haha I actually bet they make it to the eastern conf finals w/out rose anyway
RT : A4. You could read many heritage specific items from
how embarrassing that Gingrich came in 2nd.
RT HEY EBERT HOW'S ABOUT YOU TAKE A FUCKING NAP AND GIVE ME A BREAK?
WOW! That's all I can say...
I love your avatar pic.
there's been so much shit on my mind lately
Written across my favorite t-shirt: "#Skydive, not to escape life, but to prevent life from escaping." Best #experience ever!!
we're riding with to tomorrow defo will blog about this!
Our 2 year anniversary / music video night ended with topless girls with Anonymous masks and a busload of people in onesies. Success.
O we should! Bonfire 2.0??
I hope everyone has a wonderful day :)
Did Jerry blocked me? I really can't follow him. What's going on?
it will be about the analysis of its somethingness vis-a-vis its aboutness.
Social VC $$ may be gone, but it's clear there's dough for future-tech like ours. Glad we ignored short-term 18 months ago!! D'uh! :)
Arneis concert tonight in Toledo at MVCDS, 7:30 pm! Viola, clarinet and piano trios by Mozart, Bruch and Schumann.
Make sure to tune in this Tuesday, March 20th to show on WPFW and listen to radio spins in D.C.
Good morning April
Are there any good sources on Twitter to promote a fundraiser? Looking for ways for cause minded people to rally behind needy children in FL
sorry I already have this photo on my phone.. :D
I just realized that I spend WAY too much time on FB and Twitter..(:
yea! strawberries are back here comes summer...
how r brother's spirits? Wife and I sit behind PS bench, Broke our hearts Sat. We know how hard he worked. We're praying 4 him
RT : Podcast: National Digital Information Infrastructure and Preservation Programs at the Library of Congress....
I know many of you are still wondering about your purpose! But it's time to move to the nest step, which is questioning.
follow me I cant message u Back!!
#GetYourGunsUp ! Who's at the game? Give your team a shout out!
your comments just make me want to call in more! And fyi there is others who call in more than me!
Good early morning everyone! Love Saturdays probably my favorite day of the week!
Follow Me? ;D
PP runs ads on their behalf not candidates. and don't give me grief re Obama and women. GOPers hate LillyLedbetter bill.
Quintus Septimius Tertullianus~ Truth persuades by teaching but does not teach by persuading.
Weigh in: what's your reaction to President Obama's announcement that he supports same-sex marriage? Tweet
PHONE IS BACK
Ready and waiting! :)
#Follow #Follow #Follow #Follow #Follow >>>> Alleyway to Broadway
I don't listen to podcasts myself.I'd rather read the info
MR. JONH LAURINIDOUS SHOULD NOT HAVE FIRED BIG SHOW!!
lol shut up. Ha im a swagged out weirdo tho. =P u still love me tho right?
Thanks to Imelda, and Anne, and everybody who helped! What a great show!!!
The Weeknd at Hollywood Cemetery. Let's do this.
Hey guys! Want to see a great Reggae/Funk/Latin band from San Diego tonight for FREE? Check out The B-Side Players at The Soiled Dove....
My dogs farts= atomic bombs o_0
I have work fool.
i love you =D
Uhm that threw me off and irked me a lil bit. Maybe im the one doing eh thing wrong maybe i should be like Charlie in 2 and a half Men
So this new #Girls show on #HBO might be really good...it's like I'm literally peering into the hilarious life of girls my age
Damn... This movie Colombiana>>>>>>
Just finished a songwriting session...country tune "She's the One" officially done. Now, anyone got a connection w/ ?
May 10,1932: Churchill declined to prepare book on articles about trip to America. It was to be called 'American Impressions'.
Sounds like a plan....
we have much to discuss tomorrow! Just about to watch it over some delish #meatballs!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you search your whole house for your wallet and it's in your back pocket.
STFU about Justin Bieber turning 18!!!!!!
79 days to that means another longer run tomorrow and a 10 miler on saturday! Veggie homemade pizza is
Need some brain rest after all that studying?? Check out a diversions book before you go on break and keep it for 6 weeks!!...
Springfield, MO friends: Donate Food for a Chance to Win Brad Paisley Tickets http://.ozarksfirst.com/fulltext/?nxd_id=607192
I do think #BlackFriday is an unfortunate reflection of our society. Why should shoppers in tents get a pass?
Very happy that NYC has three airports, and thus cannot be metonymized in that specific smug way. Sorry, PDX, etc.
#SomeFactsYouShouldKnow I am way to emotional for my own good.
‎"When you put faith, hope and love together, you can raise positive kids in a negative world." - Zig Ziglar
First Friday is this evening! Check out the Maine Sculptors exhibit in the Lewis Gallery...refreshments provided by Friends of the PPL!
I miss my peeps! It was so nice to have them home for bellyrubs on demand and treats on the hour.
We'll come pick up your container, and drive it across town or across the country.
Alright...why can't weed eaters be easier to start. I have a 1 year old, name brand that just refuses to cooperate? At least 25 to 30 pulls
I'm on a Mexican WOAH radio...
I'm a cranky pain in the ass ;-D
i can't :c but i'm saying like you can look at them online too lol.
Love the group!
thank you Love :) So are you!
I love you with all my heart you are my bestest friend, ANYONE could EVER have and your mine? say what now?! your beautiful
Registering for the National Council on Public History Conference. Anyone else going?
oh you got that haha
of course xx
"I Don't Wanna Miss A Thing" while asleep
"When you're close I don't breathe I can't find the words to speak I feel sparks"
Survived teaching Barthelme to middle schoolers this a.m. But I'm not sure they liked when I laughed out loud so hard about the dead puppy.
Say somethin cause you're driving me wild~
I am ludicrous excited for this reading! MT : April 18 with and at Hell yes."
Drinking second cup of coffee and stealing myself to write two articles on cat worms.
Busy week. Working in the office, listening to some White Stripes and still feeling sad that they are kaput.
Lol's they are out and about already!
I was pulling weeds from my yard today. Thought I was done and found more weeds. Thought I was done and found more weeds. etc!
I fucked up my complementary tweet ):
Demoing for tonight. Stuffs coming out great!
One of my favorite days of the year! Royalty check day! My atrocious/hilarious novel sold an impressive 70 copies thus far in 2012.
RT : RT #Internships at BDA in #Communications #Marketing #Sales open immediately! Job descriptions:...
Go follow
It goes now to conference committee (maybe even starting this afternoon). I'm expecting it to be ugly.
It is about improving student experience of LTS & academic services & spaces
can u followw mee please i needd followerss im new to twitter
I say restart it and let me guest write lol
hi stranger
Yep, Ellen is gay! Oh yeah, so am I!
CBB 6-3 Sat.. 21-7 this week. NBA Sat 0-0 4-3 for the week. NBA is a pass, but leaned hard to the 76ers. I'm finishing up CBB shortly...
Voting underway at the
Yeah... That's true!
okay just maken sure
thank you!!
RT Btw SAVE the date: July 19th we're doing a wine dinner with Charles Woodson Pics with him, raffle & more.
text jordans mom with ur email. new pixs jordan
Just wrapped an amazing XPN2 Local Tracks Session with #WESTON. You'll be able to hear it played back next week on The Philly Local!!!
YES @ my last retweet , my back is killing me.
lady gagas new music is the shiiiii
What a talented bunch! Congratulations!
Prom tonight :D
My sister is practicing the piano in the other room, sounds awesome!!! yey!
my tweet for the month lolz...i should really check this more often
Thanks! We appreciate the compliment. If you ever need help, please call us at 800.311.5656, press 1 for support.
Gotta love sleeping in on a Monday!
You know in "White Castle" the hot girl Harold is too nervous to talk to? Been informed by my neighbor I'm that girl for our building. Yay?
Good morning!!!! ;D
Anniversary lunch today with my bride, Cinda, at Ditka's Steakhoue in Pittsburgh. A first for us.
Palin's attacking women's words, did she say anything to her daughter about the F-bomb?
Butlers are wonderful and helpful if you ignore their well-nigh genetic predisposition for Murder - DvL
Happy Chocolate Day!
OF COURSE Cee-Lo has a sequined choir robe. I'm surprised it doesn't have "The Voice!" emblazoned on it.
I have no idea where my tape went and I was just using it.
Will you be mi amor.? <3 ~
Watching today, I don't think i've cried so hard in my life.
Commission is discussing Los Angeles area districts.
Can't feel my face.
Up early to take my first exam #finals :/
Tracy Turnblad's roach dress.
Has to be in house or a coordinator. There's no way a coach leaves their school again this late prior to signing day.
So glad I got netflix
Yes! Also the speech to text is really getting good. QuickVoice sends text emails that are accurate.
My Nigga fuck that we Bros I got love for this Nigga like a Brother But keep yo Head up Ill be back Soon!!!
#WBWednesday An amazing American woman, Madam C.J. Walker. 1 of the most successful self-made 19th century businesswomen. madamcjwalker.com
Going to visit my number 1 dealer in the USA. Bringing them Sunday Lunch. Can you say
Really excited about two dear Texas friends visiting this weekend. I turned in two papers, slept, and cleaned house. Let's do this, Madison.
thanks for stopping by today Sam! What did you end up doing at South Center?
Noeleen: Think about what kind of message might be best for the different roles within an organization. Is the CEO best?
sadly we dont plan on supporting blackberry :(
EVERYDAY IS A DIFFERENT ONE , THE WORLD STILL YOURS ONLY GOD CAN JUDGE WE
Wishing all the best to our boy on his epic journey to India - bon voyage, we'll miss you, and will see you upon your return!
Why is the time of day with the slowest traffic called rush hour?
lol I have a list. (;
no. Just sick.
Watching 700 Club
Just "hijinks," right? Who the fuck still says "hijinks?"
Before 7am and my a/c is "running"<~~(Forest Gump voice)
Q2 dealt with this when I worked at pub lib & started video game collection, had to explain learning aspect of gaming to the board
Hey I got new headshots you want me to send them to you? or the one u already got is fine?
hey sweetheart thanks you too ;)
I think the right term for what they possess is "equanimity."
Just got a very cool job offer via FB Chat. This is the future.
As annoying ESPN's coverage can be, their documemtaries are very good.
Everything will be okay! #HaveFaith ...
Ambition is not a vice of little people. Michel de Montaigne
then you should just stay in Orlando...don't worry...I'm sure the citizens here won't mind...at least I won't. :)
Got try n qet this money for my man n our lil boy.! Its time we qet our own place.!
my thoughts and love go out to all the surviors,victims and victims families of 9/11.
... the cop that checks your badge as you take the cart to the press room, the guard at the dropoff & the 2 more below
Listen to the hottest in Dade county @ www.305movement.com
#40dollars represents helping my mom on a weekly basis that prevents foreclosure on her mortgage
Nats fans, baseball fans, get out to Nationals Park. You know all those years wishing to have stars, compete, win? They're here. No excuse!
🐧🐧🐧 RT : God: I created the Earth for all humanity. Except for Antartica, that's for penguins. I like penguins
Watching an infomercial for a penis pump. That is all.
I googled my son tonight and found his winter indoor track stats! that was cool. Printed out to keep. Maybe spring stats will be there soon.
I hit an all time high for being soaked. My entire pants are soaked! And now I have to teach for 7 hours :( :(
thats becuz u live me and take care of me my wife
We are what we believe we are
Come join me Tonight @ danelectros guitar bar @ 8pm
Damn everybody left my #TL lol
thanks for the recommendations! =)
Info managers poor social web literacy - need to catch up on usefulness of microblogging especially.
Haddadi gave them great minutes!
Planning a date night tomorrow ;)
Being sick before a test is seriously one of the worst things ever. Looks like its just me, my AP II notes and basketball...
How about "You" by Candlebox?
Possibly the best scones in town at Rebecca's.
trying to talk to people and they block me
Thanks! RT #FF shoutouts to , , , and of course our own from Nicholas
how u been?
kick rocks lol
Where are you this week? Texas?
what test do you have?
You caught me, you should only be allowed to draft Pirates players
my deviant monitor says otherwise
Submitted, a weight lifted.
Chick was a Rocket Scientist.. www
new picture. check it :)
Ah, yes. That explains why that "running low on space" message magically vanished the other day.
lol no problem
his back hurts man lol, hes been carrying teams for so long its finally getting to him i guess
double filet anyone ?
Wish I had a dad like jay z
Welcome new followers!
word my g Food & Liquor 2 should be dope tho
Another month of 2012 has gone by! Which means it's getting closer and closer to visiting!! <33
#Marquette plays at 140p on thurs #Wisconsin is at 110p..so both game will be running the same time at some point.
“: There is no such thing as negativity in a postive state of mind.”
Yes! All 3 in 5 days! RT : have u read it? Omg I'm hooked!
I will.
see? what did i say? karma happened. she did him wrong & me? i already moved on (':
For anyone, especially FIU students, looking for a deal DO NOT shop at Worst Experience Ever! Visit at your own risk.
Happy Birthday shout out goes to my cuzzo! , not much 2 say...ya tú sabe :) Love you cuz! <3
how are things
You are never completely ready. Start from wherever you are- C.J. Haden
do you have tickets? I'd need to get one and an excuse to get out of work.
Am I the only one who isn't amused by ? BORED.
Thank You! RT : Your online graphing calculator is great! Perfect for use in classroom, particularly in projection mode
And in other news, hot girls are still the best thing ever
I only get hit on when I'm fat. Guys are weird. And I feel gross.
Mike Carey sucks!
good morning twitter
wants to know, what's your #safe #travel tip for all those students getting ready to #study #abroad?
TONIGHT AND EVERY WEDNESDAY NIGHT IN MAY: Eddie Miller performs with Kristin Major on vocals and Jon Smith on Sax...
I don't wake up in time w/o an alarm, but I was kinda awake already. And then I dropped/found my only right contact lens. Dodging already!
How are things with you?
believe it or not, whites outnumber any other minority race in public assistance.
Tim Tebow sings gospel songs while he warms up. What a pimp
I'm confused why people rag on that Skrillex dude all the time. Why not another electronic artist? Why not Bassnectar?
Lets see what kind of trouble we can get into tonight, out on the town!
The kid sitting next to him "on ankle" with a record, can get in state tuition. What a joke. We are missing out on some great minds
Thanks for your mention. Sending angel love your way today!
“: Casual Friday is a great way to confirm who all the hoochies are in the office.” me?? 😝 just kidding
I'll be featured in a segment on Tucson Fox 11 Daybreak Show today from 7-9am. I haven't seen it yet, lets watch it together!
Excited! 😁 moving out is finally becoming REAL
that was way too mean!
Always be kind and gentle, for each dawn you can find new hope that someday your dreams will come true
OI faculty member Chris Woods and staffers Laura D'Allesandro and Tom James are at Northstar Imaging in Roger MN to CT scan some Token Balls
sent u the num .... hit me up before that phone dies
- Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to collaborating.
WORN. OUT.
lost 0.5 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 7 pounds so far.
first tasting down! amazing experience with !!
I'm not worried about any of you #lames...don't get mad I called you by yo name either bitch!! Its all love at the end of the day.
: Can prime a comm'y to make a news event more interactive & richer experience by encouraging people to tweet w/ hashtag.
i really dont wana take this compass test today.. Haha
let's see, i think it would be best to do a girls night since I'm not attached to a boy right now. Less awkward for guys.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
Let my team and I at InsurTexas blow your mind with GREAT customer service and GREAT rates on your all your insurance needs. Call us TODAY…
Whatever happened to those glory old days in the NBA when superstars hated each other?
I don't know, but pregnant bellies, pregnant girls, anything pregnant us just not cute to me. Have you seen pregnant stomachs, theyre gross.
For AAron Solar Wednesday: DCA->LAS; Thursday: LAS->DCA; Friday: DCA->LAX; Sunday: LAX->DCA. Hello miles!
how do u deal with all the traveling u have to do ? Do u ever get tired ? SHOUTOUT TO SARAH
M! $2 texas beers tonight @ the Goat!
monsters, inc. C:
hopefully I get a special greeting "b-day" from you :)
you're so right! I'm going 2 try a homeopathic Dr.
y'all got SWAY
Animal crackers are the best!(:
Super Bowl MVP should have gone to Mario Mannigham. What a catch!
amen and thank you. That word was needed
it's almost all downhill from here...
Yes, sir! Anywhere there's a dollar, right? I've got no shame.
have a great time. Congrats Daniel
tweet me to make a crappy night an amazing one
LOL, I can't wait <3 it should for real be a national holiday ahah
a 13 year old kid on facebook just called me his future "sex' girlfriend D": #wheniwas13 i never said that kind of shit
RT : RT : #startupriot - the judges are getting their Shark Tank on this year.
lots of IT jobs at millercoors
u forgot
Farted so hard it hurt my asshole.
#Jazz still keeping it pretty close against the #SPURS!!!! ;) #GoSPURSGo!!
Online.... It's custom made...
Dez Bryant lacks any brain cells.
I hope is feeling better(:
Don't forget...kids eat free on Monday nights! Stop by before the game tonight!
just five more days until our trip!! I'm so excited !
Do it!
I know Westbrook is ur mans lol u better pick a side right now! I won't have any of this inbetween leek issh from u!
Darius Miller ended up having the most career 3-point field-goal attempts in school history by a native Kentuckian.
Listened to my 1st Barry Eisler novel-Inside Out. Count me as a huge fan.
>>>SAVE THE DATE SUNDAY MAY 27TH<<< ROOFTOP ALL WHITE PARTY! EMAIL ME NOW TO RESERVE TABLES STAY TUNED FOR DETAILS!
#imissthe90sbecause One word, Grunge.
Why tha fuck is Corey Brewer Wearing his hand band over his eyes!
Still not 100% but I'm heading back to work... Let's do this!
Thoughtful with an uppercut. I like it.
Perfect way to end a wine tasting! RT : Thx, Christy! Great seeing you Thursday. Next time, freedom...I mean, beer?
American idol tonight! Hell to the yeah!
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky
The media guide came in the mail today - thanks again!
when and where is the game Thursday?
Don't forget! Tonight you can get bottles of wine under $100 for HALF PRICE! All the more reason to come to Maguire's!
I'd be so embarassed if I died. If I ever die, just kill me.
that's really the way it should have always been
Listening to Mary Alice Ball talking about 's Digital Inclusion Framework project. Love the community engagement!
My dad said he's selling my car to buy me a better one!!!
stop, stop, hold up, too much money to fold up.....
Practice makes perfect
RT : ... - VLEs are the “killer app,” ... To paraphrase Janice, VLE's just another word for nuthin's left to lose...
: I wanna live like that! And give it all I have, so that everything I say and do, points to you! ~sidewalk prophets
O'Cuiv is making a fool of himself. He should stop digging now.
hey its in my study guide. Not my fault lol
And for those of you bemoaning the obscenely hot conditions today, temps should be back in the upper 60s by midweek.
I REALLY want a Phantom Flex...
I'd rather only my sisters call me "brother".
Gorgeous day for lunch out on the patio Thanks!
Thanks to for supporting 's U.S. Programs through Project 360!
paid in full. Ha.
": Great opening number!!! Great job everyone!!" Eep why am i fangirling so hard
This part of "Reality Bites" was reality. If your friend "comes out," embrace them, never shun them. Friends are friends for a reason.
Perfect pick, perfect role. Stoudemire switches on Wade and Bosh is guarded by Fields going towards the bucket. All he needs is the pass.
Like, Seriously? Some people on #Tumblr take things WAY too seriously and get offended easily. Some of them are judgmental as crap. -_-
RT : Tonight was my favorite episode of Chopped, the judges. Met he really is a nice guy.
not even true! I have a nice smaller cheese grater that hasn't seen a bit of rust in years and I totally abuse it
ah i just love having a good laugh every once in a while XD (:
do u like Skrillex's music ?
its funny how this dude stole my username but put a dash after it, so all of his friends fuck it up and end up tweeting at me..
Next stop, #Toronto with Tina, hopefully before the world ends
proud of u
~10 hours until the Contra Alliance Kickstarter campaign launches, and hopefully a new era begins.
#actorsloungelive thanks for coming out good night and see yall june 1 ps our new price is five bucks
It just dawned on me that & are graduating... I'm not going to be able to keep myself together.
#NMS30 Day 8 challenge: I'm using Audacity today
welcome aboard!
Got a yesterday. It told me I woke up 12 times last night. No wonder I fell like crap.
I made it!!!! But there were a few songs I hadn't heard ima need you to update me lol
I'm throwin' a party, y'all invited TB! Lol Birthday Cake For Breezy.
scary good young talent.
Excited to see our new President at #ACPA2012 in Louisville, KY!
Shoutout to stackfrost kentucky and E st.louis
I want a picture :D =^__^=
Lmao ; ill laugh if i get that check before you and alex ;D
The best of the Amy's pizzas.
Hey Ian, been a while since we met last year, but my new startup is very much in the #socialbusiness space. Love to catch up
Aint life grand
at least you didn't cut yourself shaving!
Puar cut Goku's tail off. I learn something new EVERY DAY.
Hurricane winds!
i can't wait for summer, so i can forget about this horrible year i've just had .
Thinkin about my future and what moves I should make to make it fabulous =)
mines too.
Great job tonight. Next time sing Cannonball another awesome Damien Rice song!
I know! They're real bastards!
#jmpeasteregghunt RT Tomorrow at 12 Noon! 401 Curry Hollow Road, Pleasant Hills, PA 15236! All ages Welcome!
that would be pretty awesome.
My heart hangs heavy for those of us here, while it rejoices for God that has an amazing talented angel. I will miss you Gray Collins.
- how is your new station coming along?
Let's go beat the suns with our second team and no coach! Chase for #4!
lol don't get him started he wants to
if all your content is on that comp then you can synchronize again; if not, then you may have to call Apple for help!
watchin The Human Centipede 2 with & 😁 ~
Happy Monday - Normally people invest everything they want to, but what that they want to invest isn't everything. You get what you give
This is supposed to be a much more exciting start to the series. Unfortunately, we have Kendrick starting.
Quick - get that domain name! :)
Midnight on May 4th can't come soon enough for me.
Lol! Same here! One reason out of many why I wouldn't recommend going anywhere near downtown this weekend and Monday.
thanks. I figured I might as well post it here too :-) When are you visiting NYC?
is a case study for #alliclass today.
never been that fucked up before lol
~ Pinterest: Why should we be interested? [infographic]
Roll Tide
Thank you for #FF! Looking forward to AN UNEXPECTED GUEST!
I forget I was born blond...then it all comes back to me now...
Good night.
Seattle doesn't look like Seattle today. Where did this sun come from?
I judge other women based on what I can see under bathroom stall walls...like gross get a pedicure or damn get some new shoes this decade
Glad you survived! You should share more with me soon ;)
Made my self Mexican eggs and French toast. I love that I can eat normally again. :]
talking to a friend I've known for 16 years... The one who knows everything about me and loves me anyway!
If you are headed to #NAISAC12, please check out and subscribe to new site for John Hunter, , and World Peace game film...
I'm awesome, loving life and work. You?
I hate when subs get in you shit do you see this phone in my hand with Twitter up? it means I ain't listening
You have no clue how happy that makes me.
Breaking News! The NFL realizes that Indianapolis is too cold to host a Super Bowl. Reconsiders location.
Civil rights should not be on a poll ballot, period.
I've never had someone pretend to be my friend or pretend to be interested in me. Still got a long way to go.
me too, jason. me too.
We're going to have some fun goodies at #NAFSA12 - stop by and see us at our booth (709/711) :)
Who you callin tonight
is so damn fine you need to follow her rt now ..... the first 100 that do I will give you a s/o
More importantly, #Philly, channel 44.2 on regular TV plays full hour reruns of the SOOOOOOOUUUULLLLLLLLLL Train. James Brown.
Ha Ha I hear ya!
where did you get that picture of Coach Mattingly at
aye. I'm back. lol.
I gotta get my shit together
#noworries cuuz i still LOVE nothing will EVER change that<33
I do think so! I'm going there at 9 pm to mix and mingle but I've already got my ticket. If you can, buy online 2 B safe!
As I walked into NASM this morning a bagpiper in the garden area across Indep. Ave. was playing the theme from Star Wars. Great!
So pop a top and drop a tailgate. Yeah we crankin up AC/DC, Hank, Skynyrd, and George Strait #kickitinthesticks #brantleygilbert 👍
Everytime I hear your ringtone I smile. :-)
probably my favorite senior year memory: skipping the AP Gov exam so that i didn't have to skip senior skip day
cutting Havner??? Does that make any sense??
what up homie..when can i get out there and rock anotha show bro..lol
looks like fun! Have an awesome thanksgiving. I'm thinking about you ;)
We’re Rocking the Casbah, courtesy of and
My old roommate deleted me in Facebook. I don't really give a fuck, I just think its funny that he swore up and down that he didn't hate me.
Not too early to make your summer plans! Register for Lovett's American Studies Institute summer workshop before March 30 and save....
what's the website
I hate the wat lace front wigs make they forhead look.
they're not on special. but i just ate some and had a lot of questions.
Any of you know of #REO #investors looking for projects in SoCal? Need liquid $ of nearly 1m, project w potential to double that or better!
Ok my luvz turnin in dat shower must have did it can't keep my eyez open luv u all muah
Happy Birthday to my brother
In my alternate universe the Twins traded up to sign Bryce Harper who is now filling in for Morneau at first base for the first place
Major health concern for tight pants Chuck: yeast infections; watch out now.
Just had a White Tie Affair moment. Those are rare. She was thinking Mr.Right, I was thinking right now....
<< have u tried the tropical strawberry Shakeology?
And whether other lobbyists called #DiMasi more or less frequently than McDonough.
A: If you've signed publishing agreements, you can tackle the law on your rights. However, this isn't a quick or easy process
My daughter takes 3rd in county championship 200m
Hey ray j dont send me 143 while we're texting cause i wont know what it means
Im real sorry guys... :( tweeting just isnt wat we can do first rite now, i PROMISE to Rec. The auditions!
Tomorrow's game is starting right now right?
Add me to the list of people having Safari 5.1 issues on Lion...people who solve them by switching to Chrome.
Don't forget that we have a show on Thursday at skrappys with A Step Ahead. Doors at 6, $7. Make it if you can, it'll mean a lot. :)
I may be there, not too sure.
Comments about using technology 24/7 and accessing information are all roles a school librarian can fill.
And, so, often, are the very best software engineers. So O has the feel of an interesting set of ideas emerging from an entertaining misap
