Soft drinks: Public enemy No.1 in obesity fight?
Got advise for car-sharing newbies? Share it here.
Did you really just reply to yourself?
I need somebody to talk to...
Goodnight Beautiful People (: ♥
Ahh omg its your birthday??? HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL! <3
That sounds great!
It is worthwhile to live and fight courageously for sacred ideals
I bought my daughter a Kindle Fire tonight and I LOVE it...it would really wrong for me to pretend it broke just so I can play w it...right
www.dreambighustlehard.com enough said
miss you! Love you! I'll raise a glass to you as soon as I know it will stay down...
If they remade the 1995 movie 'Kids' based off how kids are today, I'm sure the remake would make the original look like a Disney movie.
“: Do you feel the same way about Paolo Tornaghi and Sean Johnson?” ---Yes. But one subpar game by Tornaghi and SJ is back.
ha ha!
One of our owners, , is headed to the 'Paign tomorrow to try out for Can't wait for hilarious stories!
'Like' if you want me to do a CC photo spam. -Sara
Dear Woody, don't f this up.
You're annoying me, Go play on the freeway.
happy birthday to my biggest inflence on earth, i wanna c u in Wisconsin but nobody will take me:( I hope you have a great bday
asks "What's red and bad for your teeth? - a brick!" haha, best joke I've heard all day.
It is June & I am wearing a sweatshirt. So happy. Good start to Friday!
that was a good convo
aunt passed away.....trying to get ready so i can head to Texas for the funeral
anyways I'm gonna go lick my ed sheeran autograph now :-)
you mean I don't have to go to Seattle for it anymore?
Jables! Yoo, call me. We need to chill this weekend.
& , you two are always welcomed here with me
i know someone who got skin cancer from their sunroof. be careful, those things be dangerous!
where at
Expanding the reaches of twitter onto IMDB......
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo is being in a financial rut. You should call us, maybe we can help you :) No harm in asking :-*
Stewie's head from the side...lmfao!
actually no, Nokia flip phone.
Looks like the #Packers could open next season on Thursday night against the Giants?
They both suck RT : Steve Blake is like Mike Miller, if he's not hitting outside shots they're useless.
Taylor Swift 'Should Star In Grease Remake '
Police in a Ford Taurus? Really?
didn't know til ur ass left bitch u cud of said hi
have a great birthday! How old will u be? :)
Dropping today new video from for "Up" - #YAYO the mixtape on the way next week 3/13
Who is Biff and how did he fall
whats your next song going to be about??? :)
hey guys, we're working on a project for restaurant week and would like to ask you a few questions, what is your email address?
jam packed!!!
Watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer reruns with my best friend Kelly. The 90's were totes boss.
Stuck in the office? We cater! Call us for more details 770-671-0100
Diageo maker of and vodka said sales increased 8% to $9.11 bill in the last 6 months to the end of 2011
lmao tu ta loco RT “: lol i was bored the idea just came to my head #random”
I'm having a really good Friday all thanks to my best friend and her sistaaaa. <3
Is that for each major?
BYE is such an amazing band.
To live and breathe is a blessing. Never waste the gift you have been givin. Life is too short to spend focused on negativity.
it's not playing for me but I'm sure I'd disagree lol
He is super attractive and It's upsetting that he will be missing in the next season! They need to amend that somehow!
Nicolette is one of us. We've already had this discussion. First Minny Gang and now this abdc shit. She makes me proud :>
Poor Rihanna! How did she lose herself!
Dafuuuuuq? And i Thought That Nigga Was Smart. RT Albert Einstein married his first cousin.
in DC right now RT : Waddup dude
round two? “ With a cup of ramen ;) ": leave it to and i to take shots so early in the moaning."”
The moka pot has been on double duty today. Glug glug buzz.
COUPLES NIGHT! Buy one get one FREE entry for ALL COUPLES! Couples dances, discount VIP Booths, $5 Pizzas! Come hang out!
there are enuf examples of real racism, for you to point out racism in fake movie world.
17 left just below average.
I Miss You 2!!! Ima be in NY Thursday!!!
let me know if you have time to sign a few items for the group. If not I'm sure I'll see ya some other time
How in The blue hell did that puck not go in?
Social media allows us to "match" other people who are like us. #uwbenhuh (weird as we all may be)
Thanks for the spoiler, iTunes.
Wow... I had a lot of bands following me today. Please be patient... I am listening :)
leftover artichoke and spinach stuffed bacon wrapped chicken o'clock!
"Giving is the highest level of living." John C. Maxwell
They've been working on setting up a footprint in central NC and I've been loving every second of it.
Getting faded up with the boys @ All-American fastest and best barber in America... See Mark...Russian-American Establishment.
Common Sense is to ban a character so players don't have to worry about breaking the game. For once I don't agree w/u2
Are any #slpeeps using any formal assessment tools for written language? Any opinions on TOWL-4 vs. OWLS and how do they compare to the WJ?
In life it is essential to find what brings you to tears but moves you to strength
i HATE ppl touching me in my sleep or while im falling asleep…thats irritating…ugh get off me!!
Landry: Derek Dooley is better fit at Tennessee than Kiffin
Reading: Book review of Gail Goodman's "Engagement Marketing" for marketing #smallbiz. Simple: Experience, Entice, Engage.
“: Health and fitness is an every day thing, not just a week day thing.” and an every meal thing!
is that person just talking to himself? Needs self-help.
“: Hmm Vegas for the fight or Tampa with the Fam.. Leaning towards Fam on this one.”.
where the rest of em at?
haha them foos are crazy to think i have that much time,
Laser tag was the best idea of how to spend today!!!
Hell to the yeah!
" i smell cinnamon rolls! " - old man from Benchwarmers. <3
I'm outrageous lol
Ha! Not a big deal. I'm just anxious for our next phase and frustrated that it's hard to find the right place. We'll get there!
Thanks. Hope it gets worked out.
"China Grove" is really, REALLY fucking loud in concert.
Sometimes, the words said by the mouth are not the thoughts said by the heart.
50 percent of the people you know are below average.
Matt Kemp placed on the DL
Rumors of the heart
Who knows what time it is? That's right! Taco Tuesday at Lincoln's - $3 tacos and Coronas, yum!
We'll do what we can to help! The RRF could really use the grant to help with the Greenway Gateway project along the river!
If Warner says "um" one more time...
great movie, checking it out again if I get a chance.
“: XIO INVITED YOU THE JIGHT OF.NONNAS.”YES I DID
Wade a bitch
If you're a teacher you should definitely check out for great insight/tips/perspective
I am so creating a Springpad notebook with all the community manager tools mentioned in this chat! Will share it when I'm done!
Cool! We'll definitely drop by!
ok, i'll take a look. Thank u.
Who knew? #lion cubs sound like bleating goats.
I got 1,000 on the Knicks beating Miami, sup?
Already got my phone taken away, and my iPods gonna be taken away tomorrow Dx
Foh, changing tweets
yes party!
Dis stuff got me really thinkin
I get the idea that "On Time" is a phrase not present in the lexicon. Waiting in CLT airport. The place can't hold a candle to ATL
what ever happened to our sleep-over?
I just got home from Bible sudy class. I have to work tomorrow and I'm off Sunday.
I have to tell you that I loved American Me. It felt relatable and I just wanted you to know. BSG was great too
hey sweetie tweet me what happened on TV.
but fo real doe RT the word doe <<
Is it wrong to have sex b4 you're married? Only if it makes u late for the ceremony!
Alright #BringBackToonami is eminent. follow our demands and you will get better ratings Signed, Anime Lovers of America
I am so thankful that he's present in my life n we have an awesome relationship !
Namaste! RT : Thank you for following. Best wishes :-)
Thanks for the follow! Yay to indie publishers! Onward!
that sucks
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KEVIN J love ya!
Fell asleep on my baby, & woke up to a Goodmorning text from him in return
So much for getting to work early... :-(
everyones gathering around the fire... what lyric line is that from? :)
People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness
I understand why people riot but then again, I don't. Why destroy your own neighborhood? Happened in LA, Detroit, Newark...
Haven't tweeted in a while. I would use the excuse that I'm busy with the offseason, but that would just be a lie.
Don't get how #takecare isn't the number 1 album of all time. It came out 6 months ago and people still listen to it everyday.
A woman with just the right amount of crazy will let u put it in her butt, then mouth, then butt again, but won't make a voodoo doll of u.
"Every once in a while honey let your love show - Every once in a while honey let yourself go." ::alejandro escoveda::always a friend::
High Motor?
follow back beautiful
When I have children I'm gonna make them watch the movie 2012 and tell them I survived that. :)
QUESTION: will learning to organize lolcats into a minion horde be on the agenda?
Looks like a cool gig!
Flight to CMH conveniently delayed. Certain party of 3 upgraded to first. All good!
Nice man, booked him on 2 shows. You will have a great show with him! Sure he will re-schedule if needed, keep us posted, will RT
:) : Yes! Welcome to #TeamNoSleep Lauren! MT : A big welcome to the newest member of our team: ”
Big Ben had a better rookie season...
I Got The Same 40...From Last Year...That Big Bitch...#GetOffYoungin!
Today will be somewhat cooler than Mon. but there will be plenty of sunshine. Thanks Patrick Hammer
hey ur welcome
Grudges are a waste of perfect happiness. Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you can't change.
When I went to bed, I had no clue why a character did a certain thing. I woke up knowing exactly why. I don't think my muse ever sleeps. :)
Another icon lost. Longtime TV entertainer, "American Bandstand" host and New Year's Eve host Dick Clark has died at 82.
The parking lot by the pier at the end of Newport might be good. Or space by OB Surf and Skate.
are you going??
i told you tht i would be here forever !
Yes. What's up?
2 male models I would love to work with &
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Enjoy your time with family and friends :)
Who else had a hard time getting up this morning? Still have the sounds of fireworks echoing in my brain!
#dhtrial in court d att. Seemd intent on preserving appeal with objection to definition given. P attorney spoke of " to last on appeal"
Go girl! RT : About to test the what doesn't kill you makes you stronger, on multiple fronts. Wish me luck.
Sam Goldwyn said, “If you want to send a message, use Western Union.” Yes, don't preach your message in your movie, but don't neglect theme.
All women are angry
To win the title, hell yeah I do. RT : don't tell me you think bosh is a CRUCIAL element in Miami's success?
If anyone's in the #Cleveland area this weekend, I'll be hanging out.
What is your favorite summer beer?
He's the best holding midfielder in the country and Canada. Too bad he's not qualified to play for
She makes a killer colada.
Bout to see what this Nebraska strip club be like.
text me.
If it doesnt work i got a friend selling a nice one.
It is a very hard task but sometimes you have to take one for the team!
Hahaha. What can I say? My words just beam positive radiance!
Thanks to all for partying with us tonite......@ the Coolest Little Bar You never knew you was missin.....
Man in elevator,to woman: Can I smell your crotch? Woman: No, you cannot! Man: Oh, then it must be your feet. For more follow
Father's Day is around the corner. We have a $99 Golf + Massage Pkg! Betcha he may like that. :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO A SPECIAL CUZZIN-- :D
Just bought tickets to go see on their #APOCALYPTOUR! You have no idea how excited I am!
We are a great addition to Golf tournaments, Galas, corporate/ networking events and more!
i was so mad today that i chucked my ipod at my locker and the whole right side of the screen is cracked :(
Work work and more work that my MOTO Goodmornin enjoy
just wanted to let you know that i LOVE you new hair cut! you look much older and more mature!!
My notable draft picks: Tom Brady, Michael Turner, Rashard Meendenahl (No idea how to spell his name), Bears Defense and Calvin Johnson.
RT : New AACC White Paper: Preventing Abuse in Federal Student Aid: Community College Practices.
I can hear it in Verne Lundquist's voice that he's also ready for football.
Alec Wilkinson's latest, The Ice Balloon: Both beautiful and exhausting, like, well, sledging across the Arctic wastes in 1897.
never go to loud & clear !
3-pitch inning with a triple play? works for me. RT : it wouldn't be perfect if men got on base, right?
I felt the same way. YOU ARE NOT ALONE.
A great film. Enjoy!
I just saw My Week With Marilyn! It was so good! Michelle Williams is amazing! Oscar worthy!
Thanks for the support!
If u want to look at the world from the rooftop, u must first climb the ladder to get there.
Can we stop promoting this 'us vs. them' story? There's a lot more to it than that. RT : Maryland poised to legalize gay marriage...
HEY THERE... we are counting the days!!!
Y'all - it's SECO time. Hope to see you in Atlanta Feb 10-14!
I love a presentation that ends in poetry
I NEED AT LEASE 130 FOLLOWS BY TONIGHT YOU THINK I MAKE IT FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW U BACK THANGS #TEAMFOLLOWBACK <333333
RT : Follow & RT to win a Jason Statham DVD pack & $100 GameSpot or AmEx gift card from #Safe and !
Finally watching Soul Surfer ! <3
Hahaha cosign ": Everyone needs a little 737 in their lives!!! ”
oh totally. I don't mind shelling out 40 bucks for tickets and my bladder buster coke this time around.
Teaching myself Orchard CMS. From what I have learned so far, I am really digging it. Lots of similarities to WordPress.
The pleasure was ours! Congrats on another successful meeting! RT thanks for coming!
It's gonna be a great game
you ladies are the main reason how i get through everyday dont know what i do without you two
Yo Cleveland you are about to wake up to everything all white. The opposite of what this weekend is suppose to be about
You go girl. Be Fierce! that's awesome, totally made me smile. I am impressed and almost motivated to move my body 3mi per day.
Despite being a child of the 80's, I've never grown just a mustache.
MT : It would behoove to hire another conserv Brainstorm blog soon... who will write substantive, responsible posts.
Watching the blair witch project :)
I tried to be brooding and dark, but it all fell through.
well you should have it back before the week is over.
Oscar Wilde~ The aim of life is self-development. To realize ones nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for.
There comes a time in life when the things you see are not really there,and the unseen are right before your eyes.
Don't forget, ALISS is meeting with Dean Lipinksi. Tweet us any questions you have!
My dad thinks I should keep my hair like I did tonight everyday and all day.... I don't know if I should....
Work, you're interrupting me conquering solar systems,
YES! RT Clients ring the Success Bell when they find #employment Just heard from Guadalupe who earned a job at a rehab center!
Baking banana bread and reading Wired.
We were hacked. The problem should be corrected. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused
Did one of just have a wardrobe malfunction ?
RT : Obama set to raise at least $3.1M in two NYC fundraisers today. // Or a fifth of a Clooney.
Shorty's BBQ has been a part of South Florida for 61 years! Anyone remember the fire in 1972?
It's back to the old one again. That is strange.
RT ...the most humbling & touching experience of my nursing school career...has been spoon-feeding an Alzheimers pt breakfast
Sometimes I just want to be left alone.. Worst sound is a knock at your door..
Dear fellow Tweeters, sorry for the lack of tweets lately. I went back to work doing custom upholstery full time. Will try to stay active...
Join us Sunday before 1pm for a delicious brunch and tasty Mimosas!
Came up with some good #contemporary #artistic ideas yesterday. Feeling good about the new possibilities. Now it's time to execute.
Dog beach in OB is one of my favorite places to spend a day off.
Almost forgot... Happy Patriots' Day!
Middle school
Its SO effin windy outside!!!
Express Lube wishes everyone a very blessed Thanksgiving.
Just fold it so the written part is on the inside :)
okay! Yeah I don't work until 4 so if I can make it you can make it :)
who smells? ?
YES!!! MT I'd like to think we'll move beyond SM as a mere reflection of our physical spaces.
Just know that I'm always going to be here for you
where will it be? Mine is already so ridic it couldn't get much worse lol
If you guys haven't bought the new album from the wanted you're missing out I've been jammin all day!
she is very pretty :)
Love the haters, hate the faggots
Do you want to be a power in the world? Then be yourself.
Idk why but sometimes i hate reading and other times i love it.
": hi guys"WOO
You guys should have brought some back for me.
I have blisters on my toes and trampoline burns everywhere 
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!(:
just heard that a little bit ago on the west coast feed
haha for what??
Thanks, I will!
lol hell yea happiest moment that I had all month c':
Free at last free at last thank god almighty I'm free at at last u niggas in trouble boosie boo
Old School is the bomb!
LOL “: Just heard a rumor that will announce Engage 9.0 with Mind Reading at Amplify 2013. #spop12”
still no excuse for the wait when all it took was a walk to the register and asking someone to get me three pieces.
Someone who will love me for me.
I know it's my birthday weekend when my mom starts disappearing and going on "errands" haha Yeahh boy :D I love surprises!
The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate �
LEAN LIKE A CHOLO RT": Elbows up, side to side"
Sorry lil guy you're on your own.
Who else did he sign with?
thanks a bunches! I used to be owned by a Corgi as well!!!
love it guys...I think your site is very informative and the service is encouraging!
My damn subwoofer broke the rear view mirror off my windshield. Again. Ima sue fosgate brol
That's exactly what you should do!!! Missing work for a show = Winning!!!
watching t.v
Thanks for the follow - Drink more coffee! ;-)
yeah, Anna didn't get the Mean Girls reference. What was the word again?
I think Rampage as well, he looks like he is on a mission for redemption!
- Right on. See you there! :)
How many games are left for your season?
DNA is that you?
He sounds just like mine. LOL ": Not sure about yours but mines lazy as a pet coon I dust him once a week!"
Had a conversation last night about feminist epistemology and Disney princesses.
^NB This will automatically delete all messages sent from this email address. If you look, you'll see more options there too.
Just heard a new song called "Wrecking Ball." I've never heard that one before I love it! I need it on my iPod now. :) <333
Rain today ?? ... Suuuurrrreeeeee
93% of people quit going to the gym or quit using their home equipment in the first 90 days because of time and results
I can't WAIT for Californication! Hope you're doing great, Phil.
we get wut we need not wut we want, congrats bro
#MJtrial Upon hearing the guilty verdict, Conrad Murray looks defeated but not surprised.
did you close our the bar/club. If you did its amazing you're awake at this hour! I'd still be passed out
Welcome we LOVE the view from the top of the hotel!
Hehehe..her ass has a walk all its own.. I see why guys like asses so much..lol
OMG AUSTY WILL BE 16 TOMORROW :o
Looks like we will break the record for the WETTEST MARCH in Oregon's history. I feel so good about that... LoL
Yes. Just make sure that they bring your confirmation. is looking for a ticket.
Ok, ok everyone.. let's all relax. The Bon Jovi death rumor was just a Twitter hoax. We now know that he's either... Dead or Alive
omg im like so excited that i cant stop jumping around like a monkey!! My Mom Thinks Im Going Crazy Haha!<3 (x
I just love all my friends. You guys are great. Thank God for good friends :)
Im a mess
Whoa whoa there's a new Step Up movie coming out this year?
fyi, site's down
Here's a quick poll for you... Do you prefer Coke or Pepsi products?
To the streets... TODAY, everywhere! MT :: Remember if you are tweeting from your events use our official hashtag #UAWOW! Game On!
The things you do when people aren't looking is what defines you
Wow! Kickin it old school!
“: #EverybodyHasThatFriend who cannot hold their liquor.”
Listening to always puts me in the best mood.
"The Jig is up." - Will Smith's tomb stone.
You see an awesome musical performance, I see $$$ and thoughts on HOW MUCH DOES THIS PRODUCTION COST?!
Spiderman....this is Commissioner Octopus & Green Goblin in the building...help needed....call from Spidey Phone...and stuff
I Really need a tweet/RT from you to win this contest, Come on now do not disappoint your #1 fan lol.
I can't do it without you. Please spread the word, share the link, donate, visit the link and encourage others to.
Happy Birthday to Patty Smith Hill, KY writer of the Birthday song. She would have wanted the CATS to win today!
Amusing when online sweepstakes ask me to share their promotion with my friends. Are they counting on me to not know how probability works?
The Lightning routed Phoenix 8-3 to end the Coyotes' eight-game winning streak
do what you feel in your heart to be right- for you'll be criticized anyway..-Eleanor Roosevelt
RT "A computer is the most remarkable tool that we've ever come up with. It's a bicycle for our minds" - Steve Jobs
Diet reminders: your body needs 700g of calcium a day. The average person does not get this.
Definitely agree with Mr. Irving of the Dallas cowboys on this one. #Gregg #Williams has gone too far, and should be done with the #NFL!
Some money COST TOO MUCH!!!
Trivia for the day To which event does the "Red Summer" refer? go to www.americanlegacymag.com to learn
great! We have no plans so will pencil that in as a possibility!
remember all.... we are only human....
Haven't had over 1000 in months!
didnt work for NAF during the filming of the story, & he doesnt work there anymore. Dude, watch the film, you might likeit
Live like heaven is on Earth
Movie Tip: Tom Hanks fans, if you are thinking of watching "Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close" don't. All you get is an annoying kid.
RT : While we're on the topic of banning stuff, can we ban Cocktail? Better late than never. That movie sucked.
Oh that's a shame!
Welcome to the first day of Spring semester at Looks like we're having some lighting/power issues at
it does doesn't it...but i got a gingerbread latte to change it up..
Man: Please whisper those 3 little words that would make my day! Woman: Go to hell
I ate all my snacks :( guess I'ma be taking a early lunch again today.
you need the holy spirit in order to know the things of God , and also to understand them.
Thank you for the update.
Stunning. You and the dress. Congrats on a very successful show.
I'm most definitely not going outside tho fk all that
Dear #SXSW ladies, please no tube skirts that barely cover your very desperate hooha. It's NOT attractive. I can't take any more.
Not anytime in the immediate future, but soon!
Am I the only one bothered by the phrase, "steep learning curve"?
kinda lol still learning
Enough of having fun on the Internet, back to taxes.
theres this stuff called goo be gone, idk how it reacts with skin but it works on everything else with that residue on it lol
I just received a letter of thanks from a former student. Sweet inspiration.
thanks for the follow!
Behind on tweets. Auditioning for Southwest Shakespeare tonight. Wish me luck!
#DF I look like giving you the pleasure of being the topic of my #tweet #bitchplease lmfao!
just becuz "Constant Contact" is bigger, doesn't mean it's better! use
I'm half asian n half american
Playing drums for Multi-Platinum Warner Bros Hiphop/Dance Pop artist Outasight. Hitting Bamboozle opening for Bon Jovi this Sun May 20th!
So amped to #Dj this weekend..don't get better than what I got lined up: catch me tonight at Johnnies & tomorrow
maybe it's just your opinions.....It keeps me entertained
Thank you for the mention in your paper. I am honored. ~Warmly~Patricia
u wee at nero?
Is going in tonight !
Anytime! Have a GREAT NIGHT
Now days its all about a dollar so stop trying to knok da next man hustle. sweep around tou own door b4 u sweep sum1 elses.
Collaboration program is getting me thinking.
yes def thanks!
Hahaha! And I bet you were still cold! :)
eww why is that ugly guy holding my man?!!!
Sounds like matchmaking, except it's many-to-many instead of one-to-one matching.
are you tearing up Yelp yet?
Nothing like a break to reinvigorate and motivate! Oussu!
We're keeping the party going! This week: 50's doo-wop. Next week: Groovy 60's/Beatles. Travel back in time w/ us. #Retroonthepatio!
thanks for sharing Andrea Joseph's delightful drawings!
RT : #ItSeemsLike you don't care.. So I'll just move on
Unfortunately, I missed your session this morning. Did you share a URL or something that I could take a look at?
see you later at the BING lot for Rocketspace party
he don't care dubb cuz he laughing to damn hard to b caring
Attending Interactive Day? Almost sounds redundant!
Working on something that could potentially be huge! Really stoked!
I haven't been on because of basketball and school but remember I love you 
FOR SHO FAM I'MA CHECK U OUT ~
and then there is _your_ cat…
lol ha it's not good everyday though?
of course!!
Also follow
Happy Mother's Day. Thanks for the black eyes.
Treat your staff well and they will treat your clients well. Good leadership starts at the top and starts the tone for all your employees.
Yeah!!!!! Robert Andino is a red sox killer. And it's fitting that Boston may lose on Crawford dropping the ball in left.
AP Computer Science. FUN
Tiny Tower and Draw Something for me!
Stingyness has nothing to do with how much money you have. Neither does generosity. Its about how much heart you've got.
so is this Saturday? What time?
Baby your my liquor. I'm addicted to you. So... ill just be stuck on... #stuckonfuckinyou ;)
He is!! I said when he comes back to like visit.
My EX has a very annoying habbit. Breathing.
Can u follow me on
You deserve it, you were born to be the queen.
RIP Junior Seau
Much needed night in with Time to catch up on Mad Men!
Happy Friday friends! What are you doing to celebrate #StPatricksDay tomorrow? How about starting early with a #ShamrockShake?!
Gracias Krystle! Btw I have a show tonight at the Boom Boom Room with my group La Gente, You should come out if you can make it
Personal protection is a matter of choice. Research & education is the best thing you can do to for yourself to be prepared. You R worth it.
RT if you are stoked for Christmas this year!
a man who has a career, takes out the trash, changes your oil, loves God, and never creeps
Ugh another pub crawl..and Santa themed...this is going to get interesting...
thank you mamas! Love you!
unfortunately this may be the only thing the Yanks win this series.
You are more than welcome to work from the new location! :)
MT: : museums preserve and interpret for perspectives re: people's values and ideals - historical and contemporary
We are picking our pre-booking winner the 30th, last chance to book your next summer appointment to be entered to win the products basket!
hi can u follow me
How is Teaching?
did u ever find your way?
Technology sucks when it doesn't work. And why am *I* being punished by Face coz someone stole my laptop and used my account to friend peeps
what a great resource, thanks!
Rock a Billy.
ok famous ass nigga!!
All 14 journals are peer-reviewed + 1 clinical newsletter which is not. Hope that helps!
yes fortune and supreme lobster, I am working in another bag of Taylor bay for this weekend too, FYI
We make music for you. Introducing our new contest ** name our next track and get a s/o at the end of the track ! RT for submission.
My thoughts exactly! Very creative approach with this guy, makes him an easy hire in my book.
Embrace life. Open your mind, arms and heart to new things and new people.
omfg who remembers honesty blogs on MySpace?
do you know who their live streaming service is? They had to expect a lot of viewers- wondering why they weren't prepared.
Sarcasm ? RT : I can't TWEAK for shit “: I really can't picture Marilyn tweaking though 😒”
Yeah stilt training!!!!
RT : : Remember that workplace diversity isn't just about race. Understanding diversity of thought is also crucial...
I feel like a truck hit me... And then rolled over my body, back and forth, a few times.
Uncle Leo! Hello!!!!!
I had a little more faith in you, then you did in me, but you let me down...once again..
#followfriday #Syracuse #basketball GO CUSE whip up on #Vermont SHUT IT DOWN
The business in DC will continue as is, hatred of Obama is the real issue in this country!
K girls. We'll let u know:)
looking at the place man!! just imagine hoe many people out there are fucking!!
CONFIRMED: will be doing a meet & greet session before Day Side B and I have a pair of passes to give away before 6p!
so true
March 18. Ice out on Lake Calhoun. Unbelievable.
Holy crap. My back & neck are beyond sore. Hahaha. \m/
Had fun hanging with and at the Hot Chelle Rae concert tonight! :)
really that's good :)
must. have. asian. kitchen.
Jefferson Davis.
I wish I could've gone to the Literary Love Poem Contest tonight!
my mom finally went to the grocery store and stocked up on the munchies
That scary moment when the spider that was on the wall two seconds ago, isn’t there anymore.
Isn't George Soros a native speaker of Esperanto?
My left hand itches for ink.
Staring directly into the eyes of a strange #dog may be taken as a challenge and may actually encourage the #dog to bite you
i got ur vest by mistake :(
RT : Renaissance #Aruba is offering 25% off of all indoor #spa treatments through July 3 to their
lol they the best team in da league!
A recent report reveals that nearly 1/3 of the American work force is deprived of those precious few hours of sleep. Are you?
HAHAH! so sassy. shall check later.
B-Diamendz live on rogue army radio tomorrow with tune in!
I heart u more! So talented. Im dropping on 6/15 I hope u love it RT : I heart
1990: I like big buts and I can not lie! 2005: Booty, booty, booty, booty - rocking everywhere! 2011: Ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass!
Lose weight and feel good! Check out suzanne.snackhealthy.com to learn the secret!
my son wanted to hear the #smackoff so bad, he waited until today to be born! let's get it started!
We can help you do that. Where are you located.
Attention: Faculty, Students and Staff members Bramson ORT College will resume classes and activities December 28, 2010
sis you better let the world know about your bake beans m..you did your thing, and I cant forget about dawns greens great easter!
NEED tickets to M83 at the Black Cat on Friday! Please Universe...
Women can do everything men can do - only we can do it in stilettos!
Bring your night vision Handy-Cams, because it's Comedy?'s Ghost Hunter edition! 10:30 Saturday, November 12 $6 -A.M.
The music hustle, as we used to know it, is finito
lol u shoukda told him lastnight to do it
Ugh. 😔 Heat. And Wade dislocated a finger. Sigh
I don't know if your being serious or not but if you are I'm literally going to cry..
haha my swim coach said i needed a tanning bed
Happy birthday, Whitney Houston!
just looking out for my boys.
What's your favorite magic trick of all time?
#iJustLoveItWhen #ListOfTurnOns is trending and you tweet " boys that actually arent cheaters" and your phone only updates "cheaters" SMDH!
#Batman destroys surveillance tech in film, but I wonder... In comics this tech has remained via all seeing Oracle (Barbara Gordon).
He does math, comedy and even sports too! It's everyone!
I will stay joyful and confident this whole week
Greeting to all the new followers!!! I am excited to be a part of a wonderful group of twitters. Please pass the word: 7/30 event
Gone are amateurs putting up own $$ bc of love of sport. Huge costs of world-class training requires commercialization.
beautiful work, darling!
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?13
lol.. why do you have a BD at home..lol... and why wasn't I invited? lol
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is to go shopping ❤
tweet tweet! What up L?!?!? :] No, YOU can have dem pants! haha
RT : #TEDMED Saxton "as a doc it's my job to help you edit your health story message"
Today is National Women's Check Up Day. If you haven't gotten your check up recently, today is the day to make that appointment!
It's looking good for the ! Nice steal !!!
Out for lax at least another week bc of the blood drive fiasco. #EpicFail on their part. They gave me cellulitis
Are there any suggestions for #spring #accessories out there? Don't be bashful. Share your #fashionsense with us!
harold and kumar, superbad, 16 candles, license to drive, blind date with bruce willis, hilarious!
You know the saying kill them with kindness? Well.. I got a gun named kindness, does that count?
LOL Yes. it was probably me! I'm at the Axis () booth in the expo area
Oh magical and bookish sounds intriguing. Good luck with the writing. Can't wait to read it!!
are there any mock ups for the proposed Rupp renovations? I'd love to see. what are your thoughts on the idea?
Today's awesome- people who digitized the Adams papers! Huh I just Had homework on that.
had a really good talk with my youth pastor today . made me think .
Bucks up by 2 with under a minute, give an open three to JR.
following back now
Out in Monroeville 2night? Stop by for an evening with the folks from Multiple drafts, specials, & schwag
Really bummed I missed in Pioneer Square today :(
#cara student Jeffery J. secured a position as a full-time sales associate ! 46 of 310!!!
Good morning, Illinois! Today the #librarianscode adds Champagne to our campaign. Starting in 5 minutes!
can you make three girls dreams come true, and follow this?! mention us? it's our dream for you to come back to Washignton
and were running it today. 7 straight wins! THE BOYS ARE BACK! Mix out Soon!
Glad to hear you liked the talk! Thanks for stopping by :)
Contact Papa's Pantry and lean how you can pitch in and help their excellent work.
I am very sorry. I felt bad. I can no longer commit to events when out and about...
For sure! The funny thing is, my Twitter alert on my phone is the "power up" sound from Super Mario. #Irony!
yeah Business major.
Nice will add you the Zambian Bloggers Network and i hope you can make it to a meeting on 27th April venue to be announced
Good article and something I've been wondering about.
happy birthday day the next world champ
I just meet you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe!! Guess what I got??
If you have felt or heard the booms today/tonight, let us know here...use the #bamabooms hashtag to help streamline things...
Beautiful day for a Rams game!
Sorry man, truth is a defense. It's too big a deal to let that lie.
Good golly. Going to game 7
(Followers let's say 2getha)Now I lay here down 2 sleep,I pray 2 God my soul 2 kp,if I shuld die b4 I wake,I pray 2 God my soul 2 take..Amen
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn how to surf. ~Jon Kabat-Zinn (Surf's up and I am ready to ride!)
My Week With Marylin
Man fuck school. I'm watching THOR
RT : shows us how to party 2night and hosts the ONLY after party inside
How would you find someone to sponsor a Pastor and family from Russia to USA?
THIS TRACK IM RECORDING IS A HIT!!!! THA HOMIE PRODUCED THIS ONE... coming to a station near youj real soon
how long was Na's round today?
what address what you recommend mailing lists come from instead? why?
They are making moves for once
LOL Actually Democrat, just not a mindless one. You're a good fit for WBC.IF Obama is your savior they could brainwash you too.
Chuggington is a real ripoff of Thomas & Friends but my 3 y/o doesn't seem to care!
#Bookkeeping Tip: #Payroll #deductions to buy company merchandise can be made only on an aftertax basis.
Anyone plan on being in Soho this weekend? You should stop by the store!
I'm being honest, I see how optimistic you try to be, and that's rare, most girls always Want people to feel sorry for them, but
Morning teepeople, it's freakin cold in Chicago
well they already made the announcement that they are adding the books to their lending library so unfortunately it's not
Anyone have any HOT #stock picks? Mama needs more money, LOL!
Thats true however in with the mind of kids anything can be easily influence
yes in SF. Great crowd, older than CVC. This is mainline alumni dept ;) I'll let you know who the organizers are via email
Oh.... That's right. Now I remember. Whew.
Treasures Banquet Hall tomorrow for my niggas & Bday bash goin b crazy
You like slick HTML5 front end, with kick ass UI/UX? Me too,
it was bomb:) how was yours??
haha yeah right!!
- you need to challenge Newt on his continued "channeling" of Reagan. It's getting old.
Need to be done in writing and countersigned if employer wants a record.
Stopping a trojan on OsX - great job Kaspersky. Crashing Outlook in the process and requiring a 'main identiity' rebuild (3 hours+)
Just realized we are on extended hours @ some which means I can actually see a few exhibits without taking off early from work!
that's awesomely milky lol
Must find new job by Friday or on a plane to KC ... hard core job searching this week!
Bad Yella chick and her pussy taste like water
Opinion: Temptation, not Secret Service agents, to blame in scandal
Here comes the rain again....jus n time cuz im bout to b in bed
Favorite things had to be and the block parties. What a perfect night it was!
Niall. Baby. Love you. But seriously. Take off the shirt. You're a sex god so stop doubting yourself.
nothing much, what about you? :)
Tweet me the link to our band's facebook, I'll put it in my bio
Working with Avatar Reality marketing on IDIA Lab's year long Blue Mars build launch - should premiere in the next few weeks more to come -
morning sunshine
"this is like food porn" snoffy looking at the Dennys menu
it was okay. They gave me some antibotics (if Thats how u spell it).
Are you ladies going to the coworking thing tomorrow?
To all my teacher friends: Honest answer. How often do you question your ability or desire to keep doing this?
I'm maybe starting to get excited for you.... :)
I love ruining surprises.
hey it's Erin using Ronnie's but really? How did he manage that? I thought he was the computer geek-nerd-person lol
"Where dey do dat at?" = What type of establishment allows behavior of that sort?"
happy birthday Justin :)
All You Need Is Love and we do <3 the special: matched pair of 2012 wines in a beautiful All You Need Is Love box $195
- Thanks for the recommendation! Also check out
I don't get your logic. You have defended the RPI yet you also think SOS is overvalued. RPI is primarily based on SOS. Thoughts?
there have been, like, 79 Marilyn Monroe movies, do we have to destroy Grace Kelly, too?
although I do like the meaning behind the name. Very relatable.
lol did they see you?
So do we take drinks to classes today in protest or is that too much?
Ha! yes-I seem to spend a LOT OF TIME making art or sleeping-Hahaha!
Welcome to getting older. Haha. MT: ": I used to be able to drink at least 6 shots of espresso a day...WHAT GIVES."
Alright, I still giggle when people pronounce FRBR as an acronym.
Goodmorning everyone ;) hope everyone's having a great day so far :) <3
You think you that hot!!!
Yes, frustrating! I wish people would play fair.
will you be in the burgh anytime before you bail?
Because when you learn, you'll know what makes the world turn<3
What's going on with Chelsea right now??
You make me feel good.
Thanks for the follow looking forward to communicating with you!
I wish I had a boyfriend from another school so I could at least go to their prom.... "/
you too man, welcome aboard!
I'm going to Disneyland on senior skip day!
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
With at talking about documentary 24 Hours at the South Street Diner.
oh yes, I love that stuff!
haha where do you live ?everytime i have to go to sleep your waking up !
Olivia's deep emotional losses as a child had eventually led her to Dartmouth and her studies on the origins of Democracy~AMERICAN AMARANTH
I know my English iffy
Do you happen to have any extras?
Thank U ~
not till next year hoe :)
I might look silly in your bathing suit...but DEAL!
& i was wondering if Usaid #tryagain 'cause #repetition works for Goebbels & Limbaugh lies, it oughta work for koch bros info?
volunteer coordinator Stephanie Pettit attests Jumpstart works. 1 session @ a time. Thank you Jumpstart experience will take you far.
Finally, an Occupy protest I can support. RT: Occupying Stone brewery. In support of 7.2 percent Oaked arrogant bastard.
Thoughts on Microsoft buying Skype?
In Clarksville Tennessee :) about to sleep I love this state its one my favorites :)
I wish I was there to listen/watch this. excellent idea.
Hey ! Saw ya on 's #LastCall! Just bought your #motopony album via itunes. Great #music! When u touring? To Chi town?
Mea culpa--that's space shuttle Enterprise heading to NYC, not Discovery.
finally caved in and joined twitter...something tells me I am going to be a twitter junkie
me too! My other fav program is mobilenoter which syncs with MS One Note. Between these 2 apps I am in IPad Heaven.
Wish my sister a happy birthday!! Love you aly!!
RSVP: Steamroller [Steven Siegal's co]
Monday Nights are always dangerous.......heading to for Happy Hour. Go
It's almost Easter! What are everyone's plans so far?
getting my morning coffee, and off to the wonderful world of MEdi-cAL.. please no irritating providers today!!
High Schoolers Finding New Ways To Save -- With Scissors And Duct Tape - International Business Times
it looks like it will be an exciting movie!
Data Centers in #NorthCarolina Should fuel up Backup Generators with days of fuel for extended power outages
aida on met opera radio today sounded like it was recorded in a pest house. kept listening for the next hacked-up lung.
the GOP controls the purse (The House) idiot furthermore the GOP controls the majority thru the filibuster rule idiot again
#Walgreens pharmacy on MLK. Thank you for making the reordering of my birth control the most awkward thing ever...!!
Applications for #cambodia #springbreak are coming in! Are you going to be there with us or what?! www.loopabroad.com
Great day to be alive..
psycho checking my email... for an test email... uugghh, mailchimp - i can't wait till i can put you to bed.
ayyyyy buffalo love
Watching the live broadcast of Junior Seau's funeral at the Channel 10News Station. It is a sad moment for San Diegans and fans of Seau.
See our exciting online billpay solution, payer payment solution, or our claims and remit solutions at #HIMSS in Feb! I'd love to see you
Waiting for to tweet that Facebook has acquired
go see Drive. Do it.
Sometimes I-I feel good.
Great panel discussion at CA Women Lead lunch w/ and Dede Alpert. Interesting insight into women's political perspective.
Love this song. So much. "And the poets are just kids who didn't make it."
Kinda funny to see these profiles in courage from DFL'ers who admit (gasp) they disagree w/Gov Dayton on...wait...fireworks bill!
Wow, that would've blew my mind at that age. I need to get me one of those bumper stickers
s/o 2 the new follower
ASDFGHJKL. Justin Bieber and Cody Simpson are recording together! HECK YES.
Sometimes on accident I do it all the time.
Life has no speed limits, what slows you down are your self imposed speed bumps.
omg your shirts are badass!!! I'm all jelly ._.
of course!
It's a great day to feel and express gratitude for the people, things and experiences we've had in our lives.
got u ma
The drug war has proven financially & spiritually costly. Has it been worth it? Should it end?
Kobe just smacked from the 12th row though lol
Writing my book almost finished
Guess I'll js sleep it off ..
Hey , you didn't hire me to be your intern, but no hard feelings. I still <3 you tons.
Should I change who I am for one boy that I think I love?
Screw it ... I'll join you.
“: Won't help, i am catching up quick!” Im sure I have you beat ;)
Me too. I think I'll take a short nap.
To find ourselves we must first lose ourselves
Munger turning in too. Still on street in LA: health insurance rate regulation, and local measure on adult entertainment.
it was crazy you got to watch it
Holy crap! I'll alert the media. Stay put! ;o)
totally love her dress & yours!!!
- thanks for the #FF. Happy Easter.
No Matter Who You Love ... It Is So Simple .. A Feeling But Its Everything
picked us to win the World Series. We are so fucked.
Yea,I don't know much about trolls. But I'm waiting for them to take over Zombies as the cool evil. I'm kind of over the undead.
not sure about having Oprah tweets on ur page, she has gone away from Jesus?
which words, the ones to collect?
What does a middle-aged matron wear to a music festival? (For the sake of her teenage son, "as much as possible" is probably the answer.)
I'm addicted to keureg coffee
my summer officially begins tomorrow around 2:00, and i can't wait!
Amen. Also: universal USB connection. Every PC a charger. Now, please. MT : Phones should come with 3 chargers: home, work & car.
Sending love to all the #Mothers, Mommys-to-be, and those who has given a child a loving Mother's Touch. #HappyMothersDay!
american football -- when 2 minutes takes 8 minutes
My life is blowing to pieces. That's cool.
I have the worst feeling ever.
Interface programme on low-cost irrigation system
I will never get tired of watching the parent trap. Love it. Love Dennis Quaid.
If you want to sponsor next year's 3rd annual , give us a shout. Sponsor application available soon! gettinsauced.com
Feel safe tonight ... Sleep with a cop.
checked it out on a friend's phone. Yelp is totally different on android. You don't eagerly anticipate every update like me? ;)
#3wordsforyou any free food?
it's a cross between a frat guy and a football player
that's our mom!
Yes, I say that often. Can make for many awkward situations.
San Diego County Democatric Party (SDCDP) has endorsed Bob Filner for Mayor!
Swisher sweet $0.79, Lighter $1.29, Bag of goodies $10, but the ability to have yo bitch pearl it up,
thanks =) and thanks for liking my music =)
not yet the comin thou I think my first one gone be Mississippi state and Cincinnati but I'm tryin to get that Georgia one
Yes - what is your phone no.?
I'm sayin...that was good shit
findout who did it and we will take care of itt ha
According to 28% of people in #DC over age 25 have PhDs, more than any other state. Apparently I need more education!
It's beautiful out☀
.... Wouldn't the surrogate's genes come into play also?
Sounds wonderful! I miss Seattle (even the rain) and esp. the coffee. This is my first Boston winter & the umpteenth blizzard.
thank you :) she is aware of the issue and will try to figure out the solution. She said -social stream- is the place to go
New twitter... follow me
Let's go swish!
Hi i would like to know more about your marketing
LMFAO I'm a wigger? Says the wack ass wannabe white rapper DAT TYPEZ LIK DIZ? You are truly more ignorant than I thought
Dear Goyim...happy easter! Dear chosen ones...Hag Sameach!
Happily attended the New York Peace Institute Launch Party last night.
Music is like magic there’s a certain feeling you get when you're real And you spit and people are feeling your shit. - Eminem
Godspeed, woman. dance memories from 8th grade still haunt my dreams.
it will make it on the next album ;)
It's crazy how I can see a story tweeted years later and know exactly when/where I wrote it.
Ouch. RT “: #wasnow RT : NEW: 90,000 customers now without power says PSE. Power could be out until SATURDAY!”
If you're looking for a cool replacement for check out - works with FourSquare but does so much more
Spare play title: “42 Ways to Die in Minecraft”
oh and on a final note. If you do hear anyone interested, please pass my info along. I have plenty of examples to show. Thanks
Commercial locks
I hope he can pull it off, but we will see.
lol I heard all about it.
Don't waste your heart on a wild thing<3
Back to Dallas until Aug. 1. Going to miss Boulder!
90% of the capability for cyber offense/defense exists in the military/intel community. 90% of vulnerable targets are in the private sector.
I think #BlackCatBar is ready for you. Are you ready for #BlackCatBar?
why are you being so mean ? You're weird in agooooooooodd way! LIKE ME!!!! I admit it, I'M CRAZY, BUT GOOD CRAZY LIKE YOU !
Oh no! Hope you feel better soon.
Made it to VA safe, thank God that flight was crazy 😏
Always in awe when people say that USA government should take care of its own citizens before others. Aren't we already well taken care of?
your Mexican? Or like Puerto rican peruian ppl
Join us for First Friday for art, wine, music. Discovering the Undiscovered!
Using and Ipap as my kindle awesome
My rents don't want me to go to school in CA. I don't want a dog.Sometimes, you just have to deal with the choices the people you love make.
Double groan RT : *groan* RT : Gregor Mendel -- Giving peas a chance since 1856
From 503-million-year-old fungi to recent earthquakes: New Geology posted ahead of print
wonder if u trade some of it for offensive help if u can keep close in race by July
Do you guys wanna play a Street Festival in Milwaukee for Halloween?
You know you've spent too much time editing #Exim #valiases when you quit putting spaces after commas in your normal correspondence.
i got a new fish. i need a name for him.
Hotter than the heat in July
<<< Do you have a coach?
I'm just like Toyota "aways moving forward"
Not feeling work tomorrow -____- #whyat9inthemorning this sucks
. Love the new book, Matthew.
Back on the radio. We just passed the audio amplifier progress test. Booyah! Next up, Phase 2 - DC voltage control. DC betta bring it!
And now the air shut off.....Am i on scare tactics?
Just got home from work, got the next 2 days off! Time to get stupid!! Hit me up if u wanna join!!
I have some nutter butter packages waiting for you!!!
Trying to be good on Sine Die.
Yes. If U Want As High As A 30% Chance To Get Shot
actually, his lament was not the loss of the shuttle, but the failure to move forward with successor.
Now reviewing children's poetry. Forgot how much fun it can be! Thank you Shel Silverstein and Calef Brown!
Feeling sick as a drunk Monkey... Flu like symptoms on Father's day is not what I had in mind... UGH
i can't sleep :l
True beliebers, follow me and
My baby is turning 20 tomorrow!!!!
Listening to a fascinating discussion on Marc Steiner Show with my friend and civil rights prof Sherrilyn Ifill about the late Derrick Bell.
Day 4 at the Brew City Summerfest booth. It's over 80 degrees, so our 20% off all t-shirt sale is in effect!
how is the van working out?
I'm in class right now tweeting you
Come on
mine too!
Sure thing! The Library LITES are hilarious. I think they can be excellent inspiration to some Bruin filmmakers.
#HnHchat is shorter. ;-)
*~I Need To Know and Unforgivable Blackness my fave songz omg n 4letterword UA best album i gtz it be blastinz!!<3~*
The more you stress it, the more it will hurt. Keep that in mind.
#Ifyouknowme you know I only straighten my hair in every great while.
The heat gets me in a bad mood! -__________-
yea we were :'(
God damnit 's new EP is so perfect. <3 I can't wait for the full album and tour this summer!! <3
RT I will be on the Joy Behar Show tonight at 9 p.m.
Everything I know about Twitter I learned from That is all.
those who want to blame the outside influences are trying to shuck their own responsibilty and actually raise their children.
Thank you for the follow, loving your music! Keep rocking, cheers!
bet you'll lose there too 😏
Roses are red, violets are pink, did you just wink.. At me? c; looool.
amen. No way I can go without sweets! That IS my diet lol
wait , i got it
"And I was like, 'Why are you so obsessed with me?'"
CNN reporting Steinbrenner has ha a heart attack
Seriously, how long until Tito rents a plane and buzzes Fenway with his ass hanging out the window during a critical series vs. the Yanks.
haha seriously though, I'm still kinda annoyed about that. Ps I couldn't switch my leadership class- your class is full now :(
If u r going to the Mayday March on Sat, look 4 us at Broadway and Olympic!
A hug is a great gift - one size fits all, and it�s easy to exchange
Did you travel to see the performance? What fun :)
At least 50 tech jobs posted overnight for South Florida ! A great time to enter engineering & IT workforce !
me too😔
Someone like you ♥'
what about me?
sleep well my friend! See you in a couple of weeks!
Call 294-2200 for a VIP party, includes $1 Bud Light-Yueng drafts & wells, $2 calls, $3 Guinness, craft drafts & layered pints 1/2 off apps!
BYE BYE ALL!
Thanks for following Your iDeals ABQ!
everyone follow !
Richmond came to play, nice shot...but answered by Vandy
B Days > A Days
Paying my FIU deposit. Almost officially a panther... so stupid that they don't let you pay with VISA credit card doe
woo facebook status integration into tweetdeck...now i can make it look like i'm on facebook when i'm not really!
commercial on now. Was just showing it off in the distance and you saying that whole thing is it. :)
Great! RT: i was just in a play Medea by Euripides. i played Medea. wonderful experience. i was nominated for the irene ryan award
go ahead, it's still the truth
love you love you love you. Let's follow4follow? yes? try the link on my profile if you need free promotion.
Perfect analogy. I'm saying that if we put all resources into stopping 1 assault when there were 100 murders it would be BS.
...Even I'm a little grossed out by my last tweet.
If you are at the hand build bicycle show in Austin right now - swing by the Bronto booth. Slap David and Todd a five from Kung Fu.
#askselena do you think you can #followme? :D Please! I lovee you!! You are so pretty *-*
Or maybe you DID put "drill" in Outlook but assumed that meant the dentist rather than hiding under your desk.
You are welcome thanks for the retweet!
Thanks for the support!!
just watched your show!!! hilarious :) See you on the panel this Sat
Tough swim class today.....too many IM's!
Made it to Vernal, Utah! What a week. Today alone I freed a sheep caught in a fence, saw antelope, prairie dogs and a fox!
This one is a Florida State football fan.
Will the real Quinn please stand up???
appreciate it bruh!
super saucy.
lol just educating kids daily
Ending the weekend with X-Files on Netflix.
Watching the queens of comedy.
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery
Enjoyed reading the list of #JellyBelly flavors that have been taken off the market. Yeah, baked bean probably didn't go over too well.
"Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm quite sure :)
you're welcome Julie! Hope you're enjoying this beautiful day. :)
Wear all BLACK 4.30.2012 to commemorate the Fall of Saigon
What happened? BTR stole ATL's song?
Volchie better be okay
Hello Thanks for the drop! #nowplaying on KDWB
About to watch a skit where acquisitions librarians dance around pretending to be Amish farmers in the cloud. Yup.
- People Under the Stairs is on twitter. Thes and Double mostly stay off fb/twitter though, so follow
4. She hires and trains the shelvers. But several of our shelvers are still shaky on the alphabet after training.
Can't fall asleep jus yet
and that would be?
#middleschoolmemories dont have many memories. Things wasn't too bad.
#np the birthday boy and : Same Dream. happy birthday man. hope your mom's doin well
Where are you headed?
try violet and green together. Dark varieties, preferably.
Think ima go to sleep
Richards on retiring #ROC labor leader Bob Brown: "He used to chase me all over RG&E, threatening me w everything. I liked him (even) then."
Has anyone used olioboard before? I'm finding it very slow to load.
Speak softly and carry a big stick. On second thought if I’m keeping my voice down & carrying a weapon it should probably be a can of mace.
u know I was just sassing off and I love ya :)
Damn twitter.
Tomorrow, we'll have a chance for you to win tickets to the sold out Sleeping With Sirens show next week. Pretty cool - right?
yeah! Let me know if one of you all is playing or something!
It will.
hey buddy are you going to be at foxwoods tomorrow and saturday? Im coming tomorrow and want to buy a copy of your book
My kids ROCK, I had to run errands and not only did they get their homeschool assignments done but made lunch as well! Love it!
Council votes to come back with names for possible appointment to fill Hanson-Cox's shoes in two weeks
The weekend, is coming fast. I hope this weekend, is great.
Oh and we lost
Hope tiny airport isnt busy. See no reason it would be... Come on taxi where are you.
You eat Cajun food? Since when??? RT : On a date with my lovely roommate :) Margaritas and Cajun food!
I do. I also use Adobe Premiere Pro. Are you doing anything tomorrow after 6?
Osama is dead no way omg whatching celeb aprentice then says it will be interuppted by obamas speech and guess what my bro guessed it lol
Sadly, Current TV to most people means the latest episode of The Bachelor and American Idol.
what are u guys doing today?:)
Ty lawson is killing! Stop that nigga!!
thanks for the follow!
tonight! Come out!
Giving should cause change... If everyone gave a little more, there would be more than enough to change the world!
my boss has been so nice to me lately :)
- thx for the mention Katie!
i have a 2 minute monologue to write & perform by friday. a world history project & a research paper, an algebra test. & dance! lovely.
I miss this account. :)
I got this ghetto ice-cream trailer outside my house right now..
Find your passion, be great at it and give it to someone or some thing. Be both one who is and one who does.
Thanks for the RT!
make sure to join us on facebook as well.
I have a sudden craving for Pasta....
I now get Discovery Fit and Health. Holy crap i can't tear my eyes away.
Kid I babysit: "Why not?" Me: "Because you're a child." Kid: "So? You're a child, too. Just not a kid."
Great screening of "A Better Life"! Thanks, Nice words from Chris Newman of and Ruben Tapia of KPFK.
Cannot wait to get confirmed!! #upgradinmyfaith!!!
I know, he's so gorge
SO thrilled to have a 4 day long weekend... Off to LA later today to visit with friendS
Awww. I'm totally doing a lonely hand trumpet "Baker Street" over my margarita right now. Dootdootdoodoodoodoodleoooooo...
But of course ;)
thanks for the RT! You rock! How are your sessions?
its sucks here I wanna go to LA B)
I need some followers ma
#obama fails 99% in ways that would be easy not to fail at. Letting Bush taxcuts expire or pardoning Manning are easy to do
Final in the morning and I'm wide awake. Ugh.
2 hours until we're officially launched
Can you imagine what the New Orleans Saints would be like with the 49ers defense?
tanning then out to dinner with my sister <3
y u feel that way
your nose is fat like squidwards
Got my Jersey dress on, Jordan heels match my press on.
I would like both...duh.
We shall see but a little way if we require to understand what we see.
We are closing half an hour early, at 5:30pm today, for a private party tonight. So come and get it now! Happy Sunday Every Body!
Screw Yall and I do Have home training!!!
*lifting a brow* No. I don't do waiting.
Eli had the best QB rating in the 4th but and Brady didn't have to throw the ball in the fourth most the year
#cnndialogues :Egyptian brotherhood will b judged on 2 things:Smooth transfer of power from military to parliament and strengthening economy
same here just at work where ya from
Way to nice for work
Everything is going perfect! And I'm happy:) I don't want this feeling to go away!!
Ms. Etta James #RIP not only has your music been memorable but represents the epitome of real, good music!.
hey michigan you feel that? shit just got real :)
foodsmart has it.Bravo's Bethenny Frankel makes her margaritas "skinny" by skipping the sugary mix and using nature's own fresh lime juice.
Fab Design Tip: Switch-out your pillow covers for the pastel version of the colors that you are currently using.
Damages on the plane tonight! And I love the Good Wife :) Next stop - Breaking Bad
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself" ~
Amy Winehouse dead? :(
I give ya my heart, take me in your arms and hold me Jesus #PandoraWorship #Fred&Kirk
I've felt so distant from you lately. We should talk more. (:
The links didn't work on our last tweet. Whoops
My favorite line from my absolute favorite Smiths song
Riely is so pissed right now because she can't find my hair tie lol
I less put off by minor grammatical errors in a well-organized post than by a post that rambles or doesn't hang together.
I'm so exhausted from watching that game
The weekend is here, & it is time to head to , doors open at 9pm till 3am, #NewFormat, Great #music, #DrinkSpecials, stop by
Finishing touches for Been There Done That is almost done, should be complete by tomorrow. Hopefully off to the printers the following week.
... but by that same reasoning should all liberals (myself included) leave predominantly conservative states? That seems problematic.
Crap! I'm missing the
The evolving proxy war in South Asia & the Middle East is too often painted in broad strokes. Good to see you discuss finer points
#whathurtsthemost by rascall flats is one of my fav songs of all time <3
also find a lot that multiple clicks are needed to get to a real info source, like the recipe to go w/ that food pic. nuh uh.
hahah thats amazing!!! when am i coming to Nashville to visit???
what's up? When did you make a twitter?
Ha. Well thanks. I think.
I will start grilling meats on Mondays since no one is interested in playing poker anymore.
Of course. That's why they hired a temp in the first place. That and they don't have quite enough work to justify another emp.
Your best guess. % of Cobb playing Sunday?
That sounds nice and relaxing. I hope u both had fun and a great time
Your opinion isn't needed in everything..
its section 115 row 23 I got 2 tickets $150 or best offer each
Oh I guess were sleeping over?(;
Welcome to all of our new followers! Feel free to say hello...We won't bite! lol =)
what movie?!
I take that back.. I'm not in my car so I don't have it with me.
yeah, same here :)
money, you hate it.
Giuseppe Mazzini~ The family is the country of the heart.
There's a women on singing bee from Kentucky & she has her teeth & doesn't look skanky. Lol
will my brother not leave you alone?
Rollover accident reported on Mill Plain & C Street in Vancouver. AIR 12 is on the way.
Ur at a nice picnic on a sunny day.Birds chirping. Slight breeze. A lady bug lands on your knee. & I'm there w/ #terets. WUTANGISONYOBRAIN!
Finally done!
We're going to record a new cover song while we track new material. Maybe Bjork? Cake? any suggestions?
Some of you Twitter preachers are something I don't care for.
#dtl2011 you should see a Profile button on your iPad
bad date last night lol
I think I hear on the Chicago Skyway!
School of the Arts Dance Department continues to prove that it's a joke more and more everyday. Graduation, come faster please?
red star rocks for that!
I hate how the CBS announcers talk. They talk so condescendingly.
A total stranger praised my pursuit of music and the arts and wished me well in all I do. I love little positive things like that.
Congrats to the Nuggets still don't think they'll win the series. Got monster games from McGee and Miller and Lakers got nothing from...
nope. we just don't get it. never will.
there people that arrive to my life and dont inspired me but you just appear on the tv and you are part of my life
do you go to school?
RT : Retweet my LAST tweet if you want me to follow you!! Hurry!!
top of the morning, ray!
No. I don't have the flu. The flu has me and boy, am I making it suffer.
We're shooting the Cougar Hunt video next month - can you come to Seattle ;)
You knew that. I'm a very hateful person.
Rose & Turner go way back. #BadBlood RT: : it's the playoffs. He should be fired up. Proud of him for that.
Don't worry never say never you'll meet Austin someday!!
Dishonest, and you can always trust a dishonest man to be dishonest. Honestly, it's the honest ones you have to watch out for. -Johnny Depp
Good catching up with my boy today, we need to kick it this summer my man
Everyone has faith the sun will rise and set each day, why then it is so hard to have faith in the God who created these things to happen?
que viva latinos!!!!!
I tired of feeln sick and tired
Loria is a famous collector of modern art; probably why new Marlins' logo/motif looks like it does.
I'm not on a show. Movies right now. No One Lives w Luke Evans.The Chaperone w Ariel Winters are my latest films
Sad for the San Diego Chargers, but happy for Jets QB Mark Sanchez...a family friend!
I love Whitney Houston! So sad she is gone!
you are super creepy. Get to work
now you've got me thinking.... Should *we* be on Pinterest?! ;)
Q 10. Something amazing that happened as a result of tweeting
Great webinar today! Thanks for all the social media tips!
PolO <--- this is wat was in my tweet box wen I took my phone from my niece O_o
outcry against Riley was mostly abt legitimizing ignorant/racist position...not how it's being taken up. ?
#LuckiCharmz happy New Year ! :) hope this year brings many adventures, friends, love & great memories! What do you want 2012 to be for you?
I will say, the Spartan fans at the are MUCH louder than UConn's. Sorry
« Sometimes I feel like Im waiting for something that isn't going to happen...»
This nap was a fail, falling into a deep coma
Car broke down?
Barack Obama is an excellent speaker.
Im tired I only got 4 hours of sleep lastnight
its crazy...and now iTunes doesn't have the season finale of #H50...which I can usually download now....not a happy peep!
It's a marathon-not a sprint!
most disappointing season I've ever witnessed.
And everywhere!
Probably, damn people are talking in circles tonight, explain that one Megan?
cute musicologist? yes, please.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!✌
no it was just a joke...lol
Politically speaking, that is.
Bought some Bud Light Platinum we'll see what all the hype is about.
#FF New education reporter , and
im asking my dad to buy me some shirts. please say yes
can't wait!!! Gates open at 5p with music kicking off shortly after! See you there, lady!
I thought I was the only onee lol
went to sleep smiling, woke up smiling.
Mine was jigger.. lol i know silly right? I was always moving, dancing, singing. wouldn't stop i guess.
Brauny clearly is sucking it up for the team. HR No. 9!
I need new people to talk to . I need NEW friends. Im getting sick of the ones i have .
Ahahaha im kidding
Dynamic Box & others! This Sunday at The ELBO ROOM in CHICAGO! BANDS start at 6pm - Goes til 11pm - CHECK IT OUT!
The sky is starting to brighten. I bet it will be a lovely May day.
well it happen bro I heard u leftb
Free social network promo on my profile. Works great for follows. Would you like to follow 4 follow? :)
Check our web site under weird news to find out which College is recruiting sex slaves. --Baldinger
Bob ruins all of our quality time xD
#pw2012 many people are credit worthy but not credit educated
YOU can help to ensure a safer SF! Contact Linnette at 415.609.4222 or to get involved
Lol I know how you feel.
unfortunately our lead guitarist quit the band a couple weeks ago :((( Since he was such a big part of the band, we've got
I hope you all are going to but #TurnToYou when releases it tomorrow. I know I'm buying it!!!
What did the egg say to the boiling water?... You're gonna have to give me a minute to get hard, I just got laid by some chick..
well dang it's gonna have to work! My life is there
cooln fam was been good wit you ?
i thought so!
The Ride will begin with fireworks under the lights of the Las Vegas Strip and proceed past the Las Vegas FOE Aerie to I-15 / I-95.
same with chick-fil-a
That seems like a conservative estimate. “: The average person will spend three years on the toilet during their lifetime”
“You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted.” Ruth E. Renkl
Thanks for following! Looking forward to your tweets. :)
does it say anywhere that we assemble apparel? And you are who by the way
lol! Nice one mum ;-)
THIS SUNDAY! LETS CELEBRATE LIFE "PRESIDENTIAL BOWTIES & DRESSES AFFAIR" FEAT FOR TIX CALL 202-560-6264
It's Earth Day! Stop into Roche Bros. or Sudbury Farms to get a reusable grocery bag. Every time you use it - 5¢ is donated to Children's!
but Brown takes on a piece of Morgan, not necessarily the whole thesis
Hey you should include the forum on your iPhone app. Can't get enough!
Absolutely! RT - this group doesn't do pink denial; we never have and we never will. Just tell the truth.
Ariana!!!! good luck tomorrow baby!(: Put Your Hearts Up<3
Mad thanks to for involving us in the Holiday Craft Fair this weekend. It was so much fun to help so many people make zines!
Can't wait until I get my awards for football... This banquet going to crack
Saw the NEW EPISODE OF SHAKE IT UP Protest It Up SO GOOD & It Has Show Ya How song by &
