Seemed even worse than normal
i like your page
Thx for joining us be sure to connect via LinedIn!
Today we're talking about WHITE outfits! What's your favorite piece of white clothing?
RIP Ryan Dunn. Thanks for the laughs. <3
looking forward for tomorrow night if thing go right i will be a rico love party ....
Long time no snail mail,forgot stamps peel off now & envelopes require moisture, where's that ungrateful cat...wait, here's a child.
If only, if only....
I Dnt Know About Capricorn But My Bdays Commin Up On The 3rd Of December!
Thanks for the RT!
ANYBODY WANT TO SEE THAT NEW FLIPIN INK VIDEO BY
the fucking supermoon just made me HAPPY :O
where are you applying?
Honestly I could go to bed for the night right now! 💤
How bout them
Can't believe it's all over
Damn, im bummed out... fighting the tears back...
Not Really
oh! What color? :D
OMG poor Puck & Coach Beiste :(
Oh todays Loyalty day?
I hope you went with cinnamon toast crunch or apple jacks.
So will hundreds of other people who don't play basketball RT Greg Oden will undergo arthroscopic procedure today
keep it gangsta.
did u talk to her about UCR Med school?
Thanks for the MT!
you must really like that song if you want people to download it
Wow. Loss of 8 million for
I'm waiting myself. Maybe I should have made the trip to la...
Yeah I am :D
...I have a post card sent to her in 1940, so I had her address.
Thanks ! Now I have to go to for some neon pants to go with my Pinterest-inspired bangs! Summer, here I come :)
Grand Opening Party at + Art! 540 West 28th Street from 5:30 - 7:30 pm. Join me to see this fabulous property and have a drink on us!
would you happen to know how big the Bieberconda is?
sounds great
must be the same people that goto a microbrewery and ask for a bud light
Football tonight #bouttime and Susan is on her way home
I've been using namecheap. They're good and you can find discount codes by googling
Trainer left a month early & I'm bikini bound in 2 weeks. Plus, just realized that my pants are see-through
basically, people give you little more of what you need to know to solve their problems then a sudoko puzzle does.
Spring break (: finally!
Last tweet so important. I'd bike almost anywhere, but most people wouldn't. Cycling activists have to come from this perspective.
Fack...forgot about atotc essay and Spanish presentations...
. But the question is, can one be introvertebrated? Fab #strangezoology word coined by
Hey I love you. Bye
I mean, wow. That couldn't have been real, right?
So, is Carlos Marmol the new #Cubs "lost cause game" reliever? He's the guy you use when you don't want to burn your bullpen.
Totally pschyed about my 1st 5K race tomorrow! Wish me luck. ;)
Chardonnay wine<3
I'll be hiding in the trunk..
glad you got 'em! give my best to phil. btw I can't seem to dm you on twitter, not sure why
If I lay down I won't wake up until next week
Coolest dream ever last night: Working/living on the ISS for 6 months in Zero G.
getting ready to go home to my ginger :) I just love that man
We leave for Jamaica at 5:45am! I cannot wait!! We finally get to plan our wedding!!!!
every single one(: <3
i feel like rappen
so excited to get to philly to watch #crew96 demolish those goons next door! this is gonna be
so :P
Not normally a huge Sports fan or anything, but god those final minutes against Algeria were nerve racking. Congrats USA, you deserve it!
Flaunt that cause! “: Wearing my shirt today and looking GOOD.”
hahah doesn't sound very delicious but I'll take your word for it:)
♡One Direction♡
not funny lol
haha well of you could see this 💤💤💤💤 it means I'm super tired and I'm going to sleep lol goodnight bfranny
My Hawaiian wedding countdown continues...5 days left until I'm Mrs. Christopher Darnyl Lemon!
hey RT : See why everyone is buzzing about OTR on Touring Ohio. and every episode-Ch411
Jenna Marbles makes my day!
Haha.. Right. Just come to Arkansas and you'll get in for free.
what library?
Why am I up so early D: I don't even have school anymore -_-
wow, today has a LOT of ass kicking to do then! ;) <3
I rehearsed today and learned a song, but I'm going to try to go next Saturday!
hey Nicki, hey Nicki...Purchased! #PinkFridayRomanReloaded is mine! Take your medication Roman!
Almost 200 followers, WE NEED MORE, Follow my, thank you, you rock <3
My #yellowlab was having a dream he growled in his sleep, I did not think dogs did that haha
Our real duty is always found running in the direction of our worthiest desires. Randolph S. Bourne
watching all your keeks(:
I love having signal when others don't
But for my Gran, go Pats!
Today's the last day! Only 12 hours left to get your #MLP shirt, "I Love Pinkie" by for only $10! TeeRaiders.com
Perhaps your true talents lie in the realm of media criticism. I heard Poynter has an opening...
Don't sweat it! Thank you for everything you've done! I appreciate it all! I've been good & I hope you have been too!
What makes you feel confident?
If you're cooler than me, doesn't that make me hotter than you....?
My pleasure, Kathy, likewise :-)
Making bad decisions one Thursday at a time....
Just drove by Jay Leno in one of his classic cars at Griffith Park
Heading to for Shanestock for the day then tonight the game then back to fish to finish off shanestock
My girlfriend is just amazing:)
ok hold on
Also, have you tried kefir? My mom literally lives on it. Strawberry coconut-milk version is way less gross than the goat milk.
I meant thx for the fave :)
I don't care what you think of me, this is my own path, life, choices & not your business.
The market may be bad, but I slept like a baby last night. I woke up every hour and cried.
listen NYCers...go to jesse murphys show at rockwood..don't front Murph is the best ever!! don't pretend you don't know ...jezzzz
Outside the ritz on Miami beach. Guy ran fast past us. And into bushes. 15 secs later 10 cops - a few w/ guns drawn follow in pursuit. Wild.
Watching az sunset while waiting to fly to la to see my girlz yayyy
“: UTAH AT SPURS Game One will be SUNDAY”
That's harder to do than one would think!
#CBSReports that has signed to drive for the HRT Formula 1 Team
Don't u hate it when u know a motherfuckin lying but they deny the shit?
If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you've lost.
Your face looks like a sick puppy!! #Chinese voice
same thang! You did it like more than 2 time, 2 times!
Then tell the people..On Facebook.
Hooking up air conditioners on my roof in the dark because there aren't enough hours in the day
Really? No #Pulitzer for fiction this year? Guess I must have imagined all of the fantastic books I read...
Lebanon, Ohio.
Who want my elephant to mate with they pet? We can make the first new mix and make $$$ !
don't even have my permit yet probs.... :///
what is it about sundays that brings out all the doucebags?
just achieved mailbox zero. can't say the same for to-do list
I got an email saying badge sales start Saturday @ 8 a.m.
Is there a way to add a select box to contact forms in ?
I've got something to feed you.
I need help with Sonar 6
RT : #JerseyShore invades #Vegas tonight! will be #FistPumping inside !
- it should be #DemiANDBrit - why create drama & competition where there should be unity & solidarity?
And in sync already! RT : We're awesome ;)
Is soccer still on for tonight? If so what time?
You bet I can! And sometimes I can tell the different models. RX has a much meaner start than ES.
My father taught me to never bow down to anybody without them giving you self respect of who you are and not what they oppose you of
You certainly don't look like a top 10 team, Marquette. How about a better 2nd half?
Haha, they shall forever be chonies in my heart! See ya next week
There is so much talent here it makes me feel inferior...
We're chatting social media metrics & #ROI tomorrow at 2pm ET w/ SVP of digital Join the convo using
Thanks for the follow. See ya in April !
1+1=3 if you don't use a condom
Rabbit, rabbit. Resolutions complete!
RT "you're a tall, brown, loud filipino. you stand out." …my best friend is a racist. i knew it.
The Memphis CAC has begun to tweet!
OMG, my first play was so terrible ...
Who's just up and NOT going to #school ha!
I ain't as good as I'm gonna get, but I'm better than I used to be.
We know its a #follower contest. No one really cares how many people follow you woman.
Wrist game got ya whip game lookin sicka #WHIP GAME BY DON VEGA$
Info on our Annual Blood Drive coming soon!
Great speech by Brian Moran at ADC meeting. Sitting with , & Devin
Hey everyone! check me out tomorrow in #Untouchable (The Drew Peterson Story) starring & at 8pm So excited!
Am I the only one that thinks Jason Mraz sucks? Good lord...
Got my own style thats y i love mua!
just totally called me a slut.
Met Heather Sellers earlier this month & can't wait to read her book, You Don't Look Like Anyone I Know! How did I miss it?
ALREADY HAVE YOU ON #FB ... MEET ME UP #MAY27th @ #PARTYRIOT IN HOUSTON
I am not a role model but I think your children are better off idolizing me than nikki minaj or justin beeber or botdf
Pretty sure Im not getting nothing on Honors Day :((
& and hang in there summer I am sure soon. ha!
#B RT : POLL: reporting Tebow to pick his destination. From a business standpoint, A-Jets or B-Jaguars.
If the world didn't end when the #Celtics got eliminated - sure as hell ain't gonna end today!
Good looking RT : Done.
<Twitter Tweet>
Hey were playing with Chiodos oh sleeper attack attack falling in reverse and more:) sept24th at the Door can u help us sell tix?
ah that sounds so nice right now
seriously!? ugh
Sometimes you just wish that someone saw greatness in you.
but you meant evernote right? Android is sensitive to your needs.
"I'LL WRAP YOUR FUCKIN HEAD IN WITH A WRATCHET!!!"
good boyfriend advice: 'being honest and patient, because girls can be tough sometimes, so you just got to be patient.... Forgive, and h ...
#10twitterpeopleiwouldliketomeet all the real tweeples! Where you at??
#wcphilly for the first year focus on building your community and relationships, rather than monetizing.
My cats spent the last 5 min staring at me intensely with his eyes super wide. I dont know what his deal is.
It's futbol day. Pregame preparations > homework.
About to try 's beer-in-the-shower technique in this hotel room to cap off the night. Updates to follow.
What time Friday?? What you mean get better?
Bus is on fire#catholic Schoolgirlproblems
Preach it!
Don't spend your money on things, spend it on experiences and memories
just YouTube lebrons buzzer beaters and u will see all the times he hits the end of the quarter shit...
Happy Birthday! RT : Happy birthday to our Founding Creative Director !
Perspective Magic!
Ha! Bring your Atari 5200 & your Apple IIe also :) We'll take newer stuff too! -CV
Your work is great..Any support with #vegan products, production, or the like, please check out the famous
JKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJKJ...but seriously
Hey hey!! I'm good! Grindin' n jukin'! No #fail in #2012!!!
#annoyed because I haven't heard #SaySomethin because I was asleep:( but I bet its amazing from the people you've RT'd :)
Chinese baby eating is on the rise... Seriously. Where does America stand on this? Quietly in the corner.
Anyone wanna play Draw Something? My username is @/Love_For_Brunz ;D
#Wordstodescribeme #Sexy . . . #Followback and #Retweet so I can #Gainfollowers PLEASE and Thank You . . . thanks love!
It can suck, it can hurt, it can be awful, it can feel like that's all there is, but it does pass.
"#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you turn 16 and can't wear your 15 ring anymore" lmaoo I love my friends...
My dog just ate his own poop again. I really think with enough training he could become self-sustaining.
oh I missed you too. Let's go to Canada next week to avoid that whole #Twanksgiving thing. Ya know. That and knives.
We love your sister. That little baish.
#ntlforumonyouthviolenceprevention asks what works in the realm of convening community?
OPS! Didnt know you changed ur damn name?!? any ideas
I can't believe he did that.(:
This new piece "Why men like boats may interest you"
how is ya?
Try Sakiri Vodka, you will change your mind! :)
yo freaky ass
Going to a concert of Beethoven, Bach & Brahms. Replace the Brahms with Mendelssohn and I'd be happier, but i'll DEFINITELY take it.
Cheating rumors don't stop Eddie from showing up at LeAnn's holiday performance in downtown L.A.
asked me about the economic value of trust that we are exploring in the #WEF Rethinking Personal Data project at
Dont forget tonight is TRIVIA & 75 Cent Flauta Night @ the Goat! Also plan for 10 cent tacos and $1 beer Monday night from 6-close!!!
sshe has like a crazy thing 4 yo 3!!! its kinda funny! :)
A WHiTE MAN HATE TO SEE A BLACK MAN HAVE SUMTHiN...
!! ohmygod, I'm so sorry! Sending healing thoughts to you and her. How frightening.
I Talk Money All Da Time, Yea Dat Money On Ma Mind
good info Peggy, i also have anxiety but quit xanax and would like to try something not so addictive n harmful
#thatawkwardmomentwhen Van Morrison realizes she had blue eyes..
Awesome. Really hope you liked the doc, Patty. Looking forward to seeing you at the show.
dammit. Guess I need to become an Apple fanboi
Don't text me if your just going to say lol or K. Get the fuck outta here.
followed... :D
The lord knows
2014 Forward Sean Sellers (Greensburg, IN) scored 25 points and had 6 rebounds against Shelbyville last night.
#JustHeard on NBC-5 Chicago: "Jennifer Hudson testifies in murder trial"
I can't believe this
I love that hacked Twitter. It's something my brothers would do, & I love brothers, especially !
I feel the pressure, under more scrutiny, and what I do, act more foolishly.
I'm bout to get all up in Team America's ass son
Short Love Quotes including YOU LOVE:
it was anything but nonsense ! (still laughing in my head about the word "tool" hahaha)
Hoping for new, fresh ideas in from my academic community!
RT : Q1 Bake people cupcakes. Everyone likes cupcakes. #libchat [Yum]
Class class class so not ready.I ain't put my fone down YET
the game never made a trash album
Did you miss yesterday's 'One Painting at a Time?' You have 892 more chances! Join us June 12 at 2:30 p.m.
you really head to New Orleans? If so let me know.
Watching #gersonmiracle doc. EVERYONE needs to see this!!! So serious about juicing now!
we have jobs now, just to clarify, but they don't transfer to Portland. When we get there we will be doing some serious job hunting
We're in the market for a new laptop cool pad. Must have dual fans, be quiet and sturdy. Any recommendations? (besides Targus.)
sure followed :)
okay okay will do
The Mavericks home opener is two months from tonight! I can't wait!
« "i QUiT ELEMENTARY SCHOOL BECAUSE THEY HAD RECESS ..... THATS HOW MUCH i DONT PLAY GAMES" - RiFF RAFF»
Dreaming about the furture this evening...
so you have a prius loaner?
Dylan Favre - Brett's nephew - drawing interest from bigger schools. 5,589 yds 63 tds pass in his sr season alone!
I jus noticed im into it wit every stud I ever fucked wit lmao
Join Co-Author Gerald D. Rogers in Atlanta as we launch our "Take Back Your Life Tour" Health, Wealth and Happiness in box me for location!
Honestly who wouldn't... it's sounds amazing!
Tending bar ! Come out & say hi!
Taking the ACT today...asdfghbnhfds
You're full of it. VoSD had a reporter at DTP where Wayne said "NO" to convention center. It's been up for days uncorrected...
Wow! Twitter can break historic news too. I wonder how much prep went into this.
you just can't beat M&S pants for comfort.
Lunch at Lupe Tortilla out in Sugar Land today!
Thanks for the RTs. Happy Friday!
...so I'm watching The Simpsons
Wouldnt expect anything less. RT : A burst of mid-week sequins.
Who's up? Ghost stories?
I'm downtown chillin it's pumpin down here.
I did can u ask people to follow me plz?
Q5 you mean you can get paid to be an intern???
did the world just now rediscover gifs?
Wow, ok. Save some runs for another night. Seriously. Don't blow them all tonight. There is still 140 something games left!
all fresh, nothing processed....mainly vegetables, low sugar fruit etc
Agreed! RT : bump is meant for sharing photos of contacts & doesn't have robust editing features like iPhoto app
blink dropped off bamboozle cus travis barker got his tonsils out, & my chemical romance is playing instead..not so upset i'm not going nao.
It's god to have choices!
All i want for christmas is you♥... #Follow4Follow come on' :]
"can I have some money?" "for what?" "get you a mothers day present"
Thanks Cody!! RT : I'm definitely calling later tonight for a ride back from the aviary
To all my friends celebrating Yom Kippur have a great day
Okay OG, time to go to bed.
20 DEC #margincall is out! I dont buy (or pirate o_O) DVDs 99% of the time. but this rare gem is gonna be the 1%.
Tweet your fav creative moments and help write the ADDY show. Today's hashtag:
Ignore? I brought that with me. #MoodLighting #ICan'tSeeYou
omg. Given that I was just texting you I feel partly responsible!!
Gotta go. Byeez Twitter ;)
you can have him girl! 😉
I'm not scared to die i'm just a little bit scared of what comes after.
aint bit mo
Of course. RT : A chant of ALC just broke out here with #Gators now leading Northwestern 14-7 with less than 2 minutes left.
this weekend is crazy. Next weekend sat or sun. U guys choose. Open session during the day.
Only my girlfriend would go out of her way to pick up peoples litter and throw it away
One more hour of .50 cent wings. Come sit on the patio and enjoy them!
sorry for being out experiencing the warm weather~
If we don’t long, yearn or thirst in our pursuit of God, our souls have been poisoned by idols.
You Got It!
hey! No one told me when to go!
Ok, Mom I'm awake. * goes back to sleep*
nah, he hasn't worked there for a while. I always had luck sitting at the bar, though.
Great night, great show- You are so 'effin SEXY ;)
RT : JOB: Education Specialist to present in person and online workshops for teachers. ow.ly/5W8Te (via )
I'm in love with Miami
Love sitting games
Prepping my #UPCEAmktg presentation for this afternoon - excited to share non-credit data and insight from #USF!
Following back
Things are going good. Just got the new myspace up. Going to play some basketball with my sniffly nose.
Just finished my interview with Delicious Books. I love a good interview. Two beautiful ladies, very down to earth.
I mean this Friday lol I'm too excited lol
Lmao, it was funny when Deja was like Ugh look at her feet and started singing .... yo feet crusty Ms. Michealiiiiiiiiiiii
No! Don't do it Doug! #brewers RT GM Melvin: "I thought Yuni Betancourt was better than what the critics said."
Buddy Cottonwood
ate some good ass food blah im full
so did you text em?
Thanks for the RT Prash. I appreciate it.
I hate my piece of shit iPhone
How the do you play a sport you say you love and not know its past? When I was a kid I knew every guy who ever played & stats!
Me and are back in the A
bitches wasn't thinking bout battling on smack b4 me and hustle... I come from qotr we pay 2
No worries... it happens to the best of 'em. :o)
The #telesale is going on. Call-in now!!! #EllenRTme day 166
OH: "The intern has gone rogue!"
#emailsci Over 70% of email subscribers read most or all of their emails. 60% of subscribers have a separate junk mail email addresses.
This looks really amazing! I will take good look at your link! Please also follow me mostly at
Can't stop thinking about this boy that I love :-)
I wonder if they will vote this weekend on the health plan...it maybe that they don't have enough votes..thank God...it is not a good plan.
black or white iPhone?
Dear I love you lots and I hate when you're sad :( you know I'm hurrr if you need anything gurlfran <3 <3 <3 <3
Center bar, son.
I wonder what the song as long as u love me & turn 2 u sound... I wanna listen 2 it already :D
mayne hold up...
like on the app I have I don't get the donut, banana or apple haha.
European Football? Around 7 years.
I'm off to the local rock shop to look for a ruby cabochon for a custom pendant.
ha! you better stay outta trouble tonight Sam
Thanks for your reply. What is your profession?
#IthinkyoushouldtextmebecauseIlikeyouandIwanttotalktoyouobviously I am thinking of somebody specific right now.
All registered for #OAI7. Looking forward to the conference in June.
This just in! Marrokal Design & Remodeling will be showcasing at Gourmet!
I forgot how much house keeping is handled in the first class In a new Landmark seminar.
I wanna talk in the phone...cuz I'm pretty aggravated 😒
hey thanks Shadoe!!
It’s so much easier to hold on to the known, the hope that they will come back, rather than to find yourself cut off from your comfort zone.
<33 Happy Early Birthday Babe <3
😳 interesting 👃👀if that's the case treat her right
Just looked over my profile... Ive been hacked. K cool i guess.
Back from Florida--taught my 4-year-old boy to skim board. Got my surfing jones on. Hope to head to jersey shore this weekend
You do not enjoy the absolute bliss of Brahman. You feel more secure with the ephemeral pleasures of the world.
Hey I am in a cab with a woman taxi driver.
We are playing a new song and will have new lights on march 30th with in Bakersfield :)
niall, city or united tomorrow?xx
its times like this that I miss being in Seattle :(
Follow if you are interested in e-books, e-content, libraries & a grassroots movement working w/ libraries on these issues.
2011-2012 Clippers for #FlopOfFame before, they weren't shit! RT : can we just have the whole clipper team in the flop of fame?
oh god..its okay so does my mom
wahhhh i wanted to retweet this!
Me too! Hope it sticks and he's forced to wear pink underwear in a tent in the searing desert sun, too.
Not against the sorry Knicks, but that flagrant was garbage.
can't wait for you to speak tomorrow
RT - What pro team is the greatest franchise noned to people today A Boston celtics B la lakers C ny Yankees D n...
WTF..I swear, the next time you give me any type of attitude, I will beat the hell out of you.
Californos is available for a birthday party, engagement or other party on Saturday May 28 (Max. 65 guests). Show yourselves a great time!
You'll be back, Ariel. We'll make sure of it.
Wow really I unfollowed a lot that were not following me and nothing happened to me it was at least over 500 I know that
The only thing I really like about my school is the food... Especially the pizza!
yeah got a job and everything
I wish I knew how to whistle!
Hansberry's voice. Check out last paragraph of this blog review of a performance of Robert Moses’ Kin, a dance company!...
Andrew - sorry for the delayed response. We had a main break on Picadilly St Tues. night, which was repaired in a few hours.
that dream is pointless.
Happy President's Day, everyone!
In math class boring
This is stupid just make it about the dunks and bring back judges and eliminate props
Pfft. I can't imagine you trying very hard to convince yourself names don't matter.
No clip for Cult yet. Matt Davis and Jessica Lucas are the reasons I want to check it out
RT : #rsphi11 Matthew McManus :The worst of times are the best times to make a loan.
A friend of yours?
the cocktail "sundaes" sound great. What did you think of the ice cream?
---> Tickets for this guy? Reason: Our Twitter Backgrounds are almost Identical... You're better than Nolan Ryan.
EVERYONE SHUT THE FUCK UP ABOUT ALI AND NIALL. JUST STOP. OMG. SO ANNOYING
Beautiful! Congrats
Swim System $15 off ALL DAY! Just type in "NOcaseNEEDED" into the promo code section
Girl you look good won't you bak that ass up, you a fine mothafucka won't you back that ass up 
ariana grande please follow me it will mean a lot
NO WAY! just merely a second and 3pts to go
Business school is like fois gras manufacturing...you are stuffed with information for two years - entrepreneurship professor
Gautam, thank you, that's super-helpful! I have to think of ways to bring that into the teaching too.
sounds good! I agree a nice mimosa would top it off. LOL
That was pretty cool, thank you!!
yea juniors are disgusting ;)
I had a great answer for you last night but the night ran away. 93 held up great. Lots of fruit, acid and tannins. Not the best.
all new criminal minds!!!
i'm obsessed with chris browns cover of nicki minaj's your love.
it came out in like 1999 thought it was funny when I was 10 ha
Hi Ian, feel free to get in touch, would be pleased to assist.
Sounds like you had an amazing day!
mothaaafuck a friend , 'cause ya dawgs be the one to cross ya in the end
RT : RT : Chun: "Reality is a place to take pictures you can post on Facebook." "To be is to be updated."
But how many years are they going to set themselves up for the future. I was 100% on board with that with AM in '07...
Major meth ring busted in metro. 20 facing charges.
Agreed. I'm introverted but extraverted, too. I can be avoidant, but really enjoy good conversation.
in love with? I've met him once lol
Don't underestimate
Awesome morning with & dutch dynamic duo Jaap & erik. Thx all
They don't give a fuck about us~
thank u to all who visited Interiors From Spain at .see you at Habitat Valencia.And remember to check www.fromspainmagazine.com
Got it Marco --- but, there are so many different contexts, that any single image can have multiple meanings based on context
wish granted.
Hope every one have a safe and fun week end, enjoy. And thank a Vet.
oh snap i do ! BTW i have so much to tell you!!!
#idol - good job by America this week, except Hollie in the bottom 3. It was about time DeAndre went home.
Gonna learn all about photographing fungi tonight at the Colorado Mycological Society meeting { Denver Botanic Gardens }
So..its been three months..gained 7 lbs.. I wonder if thts a steady enough pace to gain..
Missed my 12.000th tweet. Let's pretend this is it and it goes to for being my best friend.
I wanna say fuck skool today
v.cute!
good morning !
Emily Elizabeth Dickinson~ If I can stop one heart from breaking If I can ease one pain Then my life will not have been in vain.
My feet hurt.
Why do I always have class when the play?
I say sanchez will be out by week 3. Or as soon as all the fans start chanting Tebow Tebow. U got some good links though
I'm not ya daddy I'm ya grandpa! Lol!
#Nowplaying Southside by Lloyd & Ashanti. Forever my cut. (:<
The stage is great..... Lots of work has been done in production. Great job.
Bill Millers. HEB. A place that's not the mall! Ugh TARGET!!
At Rio Hondo Police Academy orientation: this is going to be/get very intense-eresting
Seeing a relationship status and thinking: "LOL, I give it a week."
This love is taking all of my energy
you are amazing :)
r there any hot middle skool partiez goin on in memphis tn tonite? i might go 2 da east end ...and then i might not!
We'll never know .
“: where the party at? Lol” yessir! Where it at? Make sure u have my Tanqueray.
Indeed.... we have been hacked... stand by, i'm getting my blade
is seriously owning on the The Great Food Truck Race. When the race is over you should send a truck to Portland. :)
Not a fan of fishing but you may make it worth my while
RT - Check out the Game of the Week at nflstatpages.com. Week 2 is the Jacksonville Jaguars vs. the New York Jets
jealousy of ones past eliminates possible future...
Tonight! TheFountain w/ Fixed False Beliefs, Glass Clovers and Juniper Green Doors @ 7pm Tickets $8.00
I need a job so bad!
I usually love being me, but sometimes I wish I was
great photo!
Shut it
lol I wish! I asked my parents to pay for a vaca for me to Disney haha
“: What's so good about picking up the pieces? What if I don't even want to? #PierceTheVeil”
Listen, I can fix education.
RT : I honestly hope he never sees you another day of his life.
It is 2011 and time for change n new experience. Let the old choice that don't work go and make new choices that do work.
People are super uncomfortable bringing the economics into it. You were terrifically direct and concise. Really admirable!
I don't agree with same-sex marriage. Just my opinion. Don't bitch at me.
The Snibles have lost your address!
Just harvested three yellow squashes from the garden. Pretty crazy how simple things like that make me happy!
“: Observation: copywriters talk a lot.” do we now? I prefer listening.
Final from Verona, defeats Minnesota State 4-0, advance on to the WCHA Final Face-Off. They will face Duluth next Friday.
The album is called King. 16 Tracks including 3 interludes, a song w/ Russell Simmons and DJ Logic. Did O.A.R. just put out a rap album?
le bec fin? make sure your man can fit into a collegiate shirt.. no fatties here
im stuck on trying to figure out why you don't have a mobile website tbh
oh my gosh. Maybe they know Brendan.
I just threw up in my mouth a little bit :(
if a Jones guy chugs hot sauce while everyone is blacked out did he really even chug it?
Alright, dire times require desperate measures. I'm turning on the Beastie Boys mix for the #Orioles win.
Going to get ice-cream ( : 🍦
Rory Pierce and Robin Cote' invite you to join them on twitter. is the handle. Tweet us Sat 8-9 PM we R on Radio 1010 AM
Thanks for letting me know. I was out of town when you tweeted.
love YOU too
#rpsdc so sad I'm going to miss Lincoln-Reagan this year! Have fun!!
How come none of you #Texans know what those locust bugs/moths are that are plastered on my car as I drive south to Florida?
UVA meets UMD for a DH bootcamp today. Nugget of knowledge from "Markup is a rhetorical act." Amen!
Raw cacao beans taste even better than raw cacao nibs.
back ya!!'
Need a gift basket for a client or a friend? We will custom design one for you. Email or cal 623.223.7560
To my knowledge, charges cannot be pressed on the grounds of informing someone they are still human.
Voters Be Aware of who you vote for in these local elections It is easy to start corruption there time to sweep in the corners this time
I am thinking about bringing the LOOK but not sure since it's close to CDA and want to log miles on the TT bike. Thoughts?
Curse you, computer! Dropping my dang internet connection so my catalog record is locked at "in use" mode and I can't finish editing. Grr...
ok, well that is just not true.
Hilarious! My son (10 Month's old) just discovered, when I was changing him (yes I do change diapers too!) that he has a 3rd leg.
Concert Band and Chamber Winds (Wharton Center) 4/13
See no evil, hear no evil and date no evil.
I just picked up a fesh box of Business Cards from I am ready to go network again!!!
Dude! That's a bold statement. I don't know how the hell the Johnson bros. lived here for so long, this place blows.
It is entirely to damn hot outside . .
Active Listening Skills Training can save businesses and corporations billions of dollars per year....If only they knew.
I'm ignoring negativity like a church member ignores a church bulletin.
Tweeting is one small step towards idiocy. And welcome.
Kinda not happy but w.e.
I'm your first follower!
Thank you! The thing that is funny Rochelle means the rock! Have a great day!
It's cold, rainy, and Scream 3 is playing inside Kustom Thrills. How are you spending your Wednesday?
Drank an Purp blunt
Ugh again. Phoenix puts every mistake in the net, and Smith allows absolutely nothing. Average team with exceptional goalie
#HappyMothersDay. i love you mommy!!
We are now tweeting information on , the California Cancer Research Act, in Spanish. Give us a shout-out if you find it helpful!
and fuzzy:) very peachy:)
Hey, just a heads up, but your weekly emailed newsletter's subject line reads: "Weey Specials." You might want to fix that.
Enjoying hanging out with & :) You guys should check them and their bands out!
we'll have new shirts real soon :)
ONE TIME!!
is that a retorical question?
if ya ever wanna meet us baker/owners of ... drop by and introduce yourself over at the
I mean, I would have liked Tiger to win, but this is pretty good too. Bubba!
Great ugly inning for Bastardo. Thanks Padres batters I've never heard of.
those are some long necks HaHa
loving life bro
You already made my day by being the first one <3 :) Thanks
How late are y'all staying?
always tellin like it is :)
I am currently looking for experienced Account Executives in the Ft. Myers and Sarasota, FL areas. Ideally 1-2 years of B2B sales, territor…
A little late-night snacking. Bad girl.
yea buddy!!
What a lazy day today.... Been resting all day... Tonight calls for a writing sesh. Oh btw! Got a cover that should be up by tomorrow! :)
Call the carpenter...the roofs on the coups gon e
bo, unless you're headed to Chicago...then YAAAAY! :)
This Marquette team is a Final Four squad. Strength, quickness and a guy who can score in the clutch
You should really" say something" to me like a tweet(;
Last minute submercer madness tonight w and very special guest
My pleasure. I think companies walk a fine line doing this myself. Suggest 'buying friends.' Have to be careful with it.
Hey, #Chicago! I'm the founder of , a free Chicago-based app that gives shopper rewards and donates to charity!
Fuck your feelings
that's some shit ain't it?
Glad the #iPhone is finally with #verizon!
Funny. Nick just suggested that one to me. OK, I'm gonna look into it.
I was cracking UP. Lol. "See, this is for kobe too."
why do you love holland ????
Loving Arizona!
Thanks for the shout outs to our blog!
President Obama hasn't changed any of these policies that so many Presidents before him has implemented, so he is wasting our time.
We About To Get FUCKED UP!!!
The signs of the times were already given to us in the bible. Ask God to sharpen your spiritual vision. Have a blessed day!
Do you have issues? Like leave.
yes, unfortunately I do my lil bro ;( lol. Heeeereheeeree
ah, cool! I'm a lifer - 9 years and counting.
haha yeah Aaron showed me that at an event. Much fury quelled.
yes! thats my man .
me either
I'm also shocked when I mention wineries and other businesses in tweets and they don't retweet.
I like this and need it now, especially ; )
Learning french.. but a long way to go..
Hey look !! RT : Nosy people who have to know everything and everyone when it doesn't concern them <<<<<<<<<<<
#niallwhipshispenis back and forth! just whip!
I love how long iPhones batteries life lasts! #TeamiPhone Better than all the other crappy phones I've had.
I can teach you all the sounds of love.
Obviously Gabrielle Union didnt give D-Wade no head last night....
that's the truth and where I stand in my life right now.
you funny as hell! you made a lot of those dances look sexy though ;)
How did you like the new food court in N. Olmsted? Never had so many yogurt options as the before. Impressive.
FACT: I proposed to my ex wife by giving her a diamond brochure about the 4 C's.
omg girl so.do I, so much
Pulls today: Daredevil 11, The Shadow 1, FF 17, Secret and New Avengers, Star Wars: Blood Ties and Crimson Empire, Moon Knight 12 - DvL
Had subway & it was delicious.
Emily really scored some points with that rap. That is the only cool thing about her so far.
I wish would be creeepinnn , or should I say Derek Bieber Lmao (:
watching Bring It On! ^.^
#slar2009 dc maps in BNA booth, use for AALL. Pardon the commercial :-)
why the hell is Turn To You #122 on iTunes?! it NEEDS to be #1, not only for justin, but also for all the single moms it would be helping.
Jut to back to Ohio after seeing my do very little offensively in Detroit today. Pretty disgusted with them right now.
I'm not sure if I should go!
I miss you too!!!!! I love you :D just don't leave your dang door open anymore....
Yes I know, But the White House has publicly stated it will veto the bill. At least as of yesterday.
A true American Hero was laid to rest today. Newark's own Staff Sgt Jorge Oliveira. Our condolences to Jorge's friends and family. RIP.
I love you, but I refuse to be just another notch in your belt.
he has taken like 2 this whole playoffs haha
Off to a great start this morning. Had to chase Briggs who was chasing a cat around the apt complex. And now my car won't start. Come on!!!
The second day they let me down i shouldnt trust any more they say they r gonna get my never say never movie but they never do *LENNY*:0)
all the #Patriots fans are getting lubed up
This morning w/ because 1 person really can make a difference!
If LA wants to win, Kobe should try to get the flu at halftime.
Loving the M. Ward under the covers set right now on getting me ready for the show tonight at Webster Hall
No matter where life takes me, youll find me with a smile.
Mikey in that hat tho...
i is missing you
So humbled by response at today's session of #CreatingChange ! Thanks to everyone who came + to those of you who stood.
That's totally what tumblr is for XD
The President is killing 'em
Knowing all of Vinny's childhood Halloween costumes but you can't name one of your own childhood costumes.
Is the halftime show sponsored by beats by Dre?
You're welcome. Looking forward to your tweets!
that art show was so cute. 
Elbow: tennis elbow
schlitterbahn was amazing and i want to live there. SCHLITERIFFIC.
when does the demo come out for ps3?
What a game - Duke vs. North Carolina! Austin Rivers is for real.
Most people struggle with life balance simply because they haven't paid the price to conclude what is really significant to them.
do it!
How's about those Cards. Last night best game I ever saw. Tony LaRussa the man. You don't need a 200MM Yankee payroll to rule the world.
Dombrowski would not comment on if the Tigers have damage control to do because people were so offended by Youngs actions.
Watchn everybody hates Chris.. Dan they realli hate this nigga lol I love this show
Time for a commercial callback! Getting to act silly and improv makes this a fun audition & morning.
but they dont pay that much bills anymore
How old are you..
Oh Texas! I do love you oh so much but you're hot as hell. I can't wait to get my hands on some Tex Mex and BBQ!!
FRIVOLOUS (Berlin) returns! Tonight! Chop Suey!!! w/ MICHAEL MANAHAN & INCITE! - FRIVOLOUS killed it that last time he was in town.
Thanks for that follow back!
you seem sad !<\3
sounds like a great day to me! :)
Based on last year's edition, #FoodandFroth at the #MilwaukeePublicMuseum = Worst beer & food event ever. Save your $.
Haha hm yes there was some ringing, that explains it!
Kickin' it with my irish family!
One black crayon - $.10. One black eye liner pencil - $7.50. ...!?
there will be plenty of boat riding to enjoy!
Mixtape drops march14th...for exclusive copys get at me
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time, and goodbye for the last.
the car behind him was driving to close to his car so he got out to yell at him so they started fighting lol
Only 6 days until Earth Day! Who is attending the Earth Day celebration on Sunday?! #car2go will be there!
my cousin aziah she is crazy about i love her she is only 6;)
Puppy! So cute. Made my evening -- thanks!
Listen to them, children of the night. What music they make 1931 Dracula- Bela Lugosi
I still need to figure out what I'm wearing for the first day,
Guy just got mad at me for not having a lighter. Sorry man, its not the 90s. Smoking isn't cool.
For a family that has children and pets, installing porcelain tile over a natural stone such as marble may be a wise choice.
Out all day/night delivering issue 108 of all over the region! Also, got a follow from the almighty #AyeAye!
whats the logo on the leg and neck stripes?
final two cap samples on display. yay or nay?
Or, you've just left an alternate universe and re-entered your own.
should call it "things no one wants cart." menu: salad-flavored ice cream, fried salad, and burrito salad.
My body was still on CA time. the sleep was very nice!
I want someone to break rondos elbow again
The girl next to me smells like vodka from the night before. Umm..EW!
The your reporting suggests that Zimmerman's possible right to "stand his ground" holds more weight than Martin's shows bias!
Good Morning. Have a beautiful day. Thank you for your efforts.
Heading out on the road for a few hours.
Good Morning Fb...I woke up to almost a foot of snow on my car:) Cleveland, you gott luv it!!! www.nevaoutdoneent.com
I'm down to do that man, its been awhile!
do u think kaley will at least try 2 talk 2 me? ive been trying. she made the effort 2 forgive taylor brett n ashley y not me
I just keep wanting to yell "LOKI'D!!" all of the time.
LOL! i was talking about the cities in general. but yea cincy nice. Andy Dalton is out there killin
RT IF WHATEVER HAPPENS YOU WILL ALWAYS BE APART OF #teamjammer EVEN WHEN W DON'T PLAY CP ANYMORE
Fedde Le Grand is killing it right now!!
Who IS Newcastle's CISSE?????
#BreakingDawn 5 words Intense Epic Thrilling Realistic Incredible
What a fantastic display of sportsmanship and precision skill, the race car competition will be starting soon!
Do you even know who Aaron is? Haha I consider him a cousin but hes not!
cant wait:)
oh cool thanks for my invite nat
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
It is easily one of the more miserable aspects of journalism.
Comedic gold happening now. royal & st phillip.
God Loves You, nothing more to say. <3
Don't let the terrorists win!!
My theory is, if we, as collective group, use the lingo, it will eventually catch on
it is you cant do none bt post piccz boring :-)
Watching the keynote this fine morning.
Getting ready for two big pageants coming up!! Practicing my little tail off!!
OMG ABS!
...got court tomorrow....wish me luck....ha...speeding tickets suck...
Twas Mahler v. Marimba (ring tone) during NY philharmmonic performance. Conductor chewed out the offender. Can't a guy get any sleep?
3 (Eisenhower, Ford, George H.W. Bush)
Quick question; who's the better passer in college football Tyrod Taylor or Andrew Luck
Burrell works for the Giants but retires a Phillie. Whatever. His Hall of Fame induction will be on Chestnut Street in front of the 'Shoe.
I wonder if Nellys scar ever healed up.
I would love to see Lakers vs Clippers in the Western Conference Finals.
Graffiti is art not a crime
Reinforce your words with actions, nothing you say means anything until you show it
lol! Hey I'm an 80s baby!
Thanks for the heads up. Let me know if you want us to push any of your projects!
HOOD MORNIN! THANK U :-)
APNewsBreak: GOP Sen. candidate Mark Neumann's solar companies got $500K in federal stimulus grants, more than first reported Thursday
how was ur date? (when it's over haha)
Thank you for your tweet out ;)
yes I do!!! Lol
Need to go back to sacramento and explore the city.
The Like Button was killing our site load - had to remove it RT : Hey, #Facebook is down a day after they announced the big IPO.
Neighboring states commuting to NY for work has increased + 60% from 3% in 2002
We are closed today (11/2/11) to show our support for the occupy movement.
lmfao what car were you in ??
CDC: Every day, approximately 8,000 children are treated in U.S. emergency rooms for fall-related injuries.
Root for a dome team? All-time NFL road record for dome teams in playoffs is 16-46 after Saints loss to 49ers. They essentially win 1 of 4
what the heck?? How is that even possible?!
*smiles* Thanks for the RT! :)
Fuck Black Friday, now I can't sleep
Thanks for the RT guys!
Remember when I said "Contested" could be promising with Garcia and Baffert. Not anymore. Baffert fired him today, crazy.
Alas, must feed hovering cats and go some actual work. May check back later.
My eye itches real bad....
Somebody threw some FUCKING BARBECUE SAUCE at lunch and it got on my shirt. I'm ready to beat some ass. 💪👊💢
According to my friends I'm "obsessed with Peyton & I need to be admitted into a mental hospital because it's not normal how obsessed I am"
Whoever doesn't think speech is part of his deeds & character is part of his religion will be destroyed without even realizing -Abu Hurayrah
guys make sure you realize what today is.
MT "The pedestrian is the canary in the coal mine for #urbanism. If you don't see peds, your downtown is pretty much dead."
God yes. Especially Drew if he is anywhere close to himself, he be so much better than what we got out at short now
AH!!!! Gotta dig deep girls!
Thanks everyone!
haha I know! It's more like Americans drink tequilla day.
I get jealous when I see you flirting with other people.
I don't have time to react of what happened in the past..
Keep working hard my man well get ours sooner then later
done. Follow me please :O
Still time to join our 7 pm tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Sign up until 8:40 pm.
Cavaliers end the year with a 26-25 mark.
Best of luck to on delivering her persuasive speech! Rock it!
We are the future. Feed The D will provide sustainability.
Will you suck my cock with those big lips of yours? I bet you could suck off three bastards with those lips.
I want some cookies n milk now.. u make it look good!! Smile..
Then again Payton's gig is with Fox and being anywhere within shooting distance of that network is punishment in itself.
Walked so much now i gotta walk some more; THE GALLERIA yall :>
Everyone follow <3 PLEASE :)
DJ Automatic Classic Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with DJ Automatic playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
Oh yeah...if you are graduating and you want a shout out...include your name and school! Thanks!
omg I'm so excited <3
Skipping traditional St Paddy's dinner and going for Gran's soda bread and Irish coffee cake. Wonder how she'd feel abt Guiness brownies...
Due to Rain, Saturday's game had been rescheduled To Sunday and at McLennan, 12pm start time.
No one screaming "MOM!! Where is my..." for the entire day. Priceless. :) RT : Moms; what was your favorite Mother’s Day...
The Right Side Of My Shoulder Is Swollen... Damn
We are working our way through the 1st season of SHAMELESS (US version) and am loving it so far--the Chicago setting certainly rings true.
always my man Gnite its late here in nyc time to sleep .. Btw steps of rome is a sick restaurant Brad Tramunti
Ate the blazin wings like a champ! Don't believe the hype...lol :D
Your welcome... #FF Thank you as well!
Thanks for the feedback! More poetry/music collabs to come, I hope.
how does the uniform fit?
DEXTER SEASON FINALE!!!! If they even allow something bad to happen to his baby boy I might lose it!
awww! this will happen dear! get ready to mark that one off the list! :)
Lets go Bucs!!
Too many much windys.
Quoth the Raven, Craggenmore
Oriental for me; it's the only one w/o meat (: I always add some corn or pea and sometime chopped peanuts.. it's GOOD!
RT A Prayer for Pentecost: "Listen always for the winds of the Spirit, and not for the puffing of people."
Some thirsty girls up in this club.
So what if Watson is destroying Ken Jennings at Jeopardy? Lets see that bucket of bolts master Wheel of Fortune.
Bracing myself for the influx of Superbowl-related tweets and FB updates.
you got it will do
I thought I share this quote every1 wants to be happy nobody wants to be in pain but you cant have a rainbow w/o any rain.
Loyola's last finals are today, which means it's going to be super busy on my reference desk shift tonight, right?
I can't wait till the next season of tori and dean HSH starts
Our New Year's resolution is to be sexier... what is yours?
A great tradition. RT : Pub with the Professors in one hour cannot wait!
In today's job market, a student's college major can make a big difference. Here are the top 15 most valuable degrees:...
it's true don't ever feel that way :)
Follow or you're a faggot.
LIB, Liberty! #wiunion Answer: #MKE best-vote system. A true fault that this #nation has is its fear of democracy!
Im dead ass bitch.. hml sometimez
Thanks ;D
#wiunion Anti-union people: Ask #Wisconsin teachers if #Walker saved them?
Free Poutine? Where?
Rando is a great talent. He will only get better and will be amazing in 3 or 4 years.
I remember now... Sorry... I hope it doesn't end up in surgery...
How do you know if someone's the " right one " ?
omg at last you follow me
Everyone have a blessed and prosperous day
A2 Pay attention to metrics. Track how many shares, hits, likes, pins, etc. etc. you receive. Use free tools like
omg lmao. What happened? Hope your okay!
#DontTextMeTalkingAbout your life problems because 99% of the time I wont give a shit.
awww y'all look jus alike
I've never met he doesn't no I exist, he doesn't follow me:( NEVER RT'ed/tweeted me, yeah it hurts but I'm still a MAHOMIE!<3
casino is my favorite. Joe Pesci is epic in that movie.
night twitter. wish me luck =)
oH, you like white hot bursts?
RT : I'm in Portland. Is this place any good? <<Was that a joke!?
Apple stock performance is because they're selling crazy amounts of product which by the way is fueling social mobile app growth.
So im gonna start acting in a mini film for school haha im juliet and my friend dana is romeo its gonna be shown in class tehe
I hate beer snobs because as my tastes improve I see they may be right but there's no reason to be a dick.
Mid 70's Saturday and mid 80's Sunday!
_!.-_+ YOU WANT TO BOOK A PARTY FOR SATURDAY MATRIX.... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
call me
Grab ya dog and tell em fuck it go all or nothin. Tear da roof up off this muhfucka.
Hibbert turned into Patrick Ewing today smh
u might have just saved my ass from goin to jail... For fuckin a nigga up!!
YOLO | You Obviously Lack Originality.
Anchorman 2 is happening.
Awesome ivory John the Baptist (I just finished working on something about him), PS I love Ravenna
Well im off to my dad's music studio bye TWITTER
#Romney can't attack #Obama on #RevWright. He'd be leaving himself open for an attack on his
I assume you were in Philly to drop off your dissertation. :) When's your defense?
very nice
. "best practices for brands in terms of "listening"...yes, set up ways to hear what customers are saying
i'm watching 'The Importance of Being Morrissey' at work w/o any sound, and it looks like Moz only contacts people through his fax machine
Yay!!! Adult time!! Dinner n drinks at prosperity, then hilarities for the late show.... :D
MT : Once upon time world learned news from AP. Today? 1st AP Urgent on #cabudget didnt cross for 30min, long after many tweets
Thanks for the RT and mention.
congrats--that looks like a great job!
Is there a watch party in NYC to tonight?
dang just submitted the camera ready version last night lol
Its just twitter sheesh!
yum give me some
I know lol I was live tweeting and now the
Weather was awesome today in San Diego if you like rain, Great day today!
Yes, I can see exactly how Alien Phenomenology would make good airplane reading! (How does a tray table experience the seat?)
Thxs - glad you like 'em. RT : Finally got around to checking out Twin Anchors- tasty.
Don't let me down Nerlens...
Dinner was delicious, the toilet situation is getting fixed, it works!
ER...whoa!!! Hold tf up lmao. When you got a bf? Haha
it doesn't count if it's not real :(
Breakfast blend coffee + chocolate chip pancakes = best Saturday combo ever.
"Nothing changes in DC unless someone gets obsessed about it." We need to become "more obsessed" with fixing this problem.
I'll take The Rapists for $200 Alex
DM me your number again :(
hahaha...No problem dude! Happy Birthday! ~Jer
ahaha i love you tony =]=]=]=] haha
Goodnight :D
Oh dear god, please do not ruin Aerosmith for me.
very true
Some times twitter after is crazy. I don't wanna get on and see a bunch on dicks on my TL. I need more followers to space that shit out.
#teamprince s/o to all Prince fans for their love and support of the greatest artist of all time Prince may we walk in the purple rain
cuz I wanted to.
Peace L we need that Tee shirt!
#vma what the fuck was you thinking fucking up a great song you just lost kool points. But I'm still going to but your CD lol.
Somewhere in the depths of my brain there's a version control system called "cvsvn," and I keep on trying to invoke it on the CLI.
What did everyone think about the Scrimmage/Practice today? I think looked outstanding. Can't wait to see him lace up next year!
goodmorning dave :) how are you??
what are u doing
I wanna b a billionarie so bad
coming up to me and asking if my son would be her friend. 😂💘
def live life up its too short friend died wed good die young
How can you sing a rap??
At least your taxes are done (I hope)!
Good advice for PR pros.
sounds like a good idea. Great that the fam is coming up!
“: I went to a dubstep concert last night, he was so good and I bought a dubstep shirt and dubstep signed it for me!!!1” YES
#NW Money From Strangers😂
As Dorothy once said, "There's no place like home". Always enjoy being back in Pittsburgh. Especially for holidays (and Steelers games!).
Trying to get used to this whole "business meetings on Sunday via skype" thing... Almost done, gotta hit my girls place then some famo time
The movie how high on MTV right now is
The headline "The Show Just Doesn't Get Guys Right" was clearly cherry-picked to send any woman who's watched TV ever into fits of laughter.
Yep, I'll be there! Where do you work?
Let me say this one more time. YES I am wearing a suit today.
“: Excellent Easter Service this weekend. Summerlin Campus was "hoppin'"”
yup. Are you?
Just stumbed upon this convo...I will be showcasing at and hopefully attending the panels/workshops:)
Want a new color to incorporate into your summer wardrobe? How about zesty orange! Check it out tomorrow on
Are you an Interfolio client and attending #mla12? Fill out a comment card about your experience and enter to win prizes-we want feedback!
who wouldn't be able to handle you...? Lol
Thanks for joining us! What did you have? RT : here for breakfast & coffee, glad I received the suggestion!
#angelforever .. i promise ((: you're just that amazing.
OKAY THATS GOOD. I WAS GOING TO SEND YOU A PIC OF ZAYN WITH NO SHIRT THAT WOULD OF HEATED THINGS UP.
Not Friday, ,but I am going to Chips and Salsa Saturday.
i'm so bored..it's F R I D A Y, i can't be bored.
Thnx for the drinks :-)
loved all things Adele. Nicki Minaj was totally outrageous and confusing lol. Despite the sound issues, it was a good night.
Hello Deus Ex games. It's been a while.
I posted my iPad 2 on 32 mins ago, and it's already received 7 views and 1 bid.
Belmont's Head Coach Rick Byrd hasn't had a scholarship player transfer from his program in 8+ years. Now THAT's an impressive stat.
Having the family all together, that is my favorite time! :)
what's it lookin like yooo
Happy #openingday Tigers!
Yes, but I don't have any pockets to keep them in now
We just booked Boris McCutcheon & the Salt Licks for Wine Festival!!! July 7th & 8th... Join us!
I'm kidding Go GRIZZ Haddadi for prez Rudy gay for MVP save that homo hahahahah
Ubaldo getting lit up in the 6th. Might not be feeling well, he's been ill and was a question to start tonight's game
<=== don't fuck wit me on twitter nomo doe
"Everyone wants to be appreciated, so if you appreciate someone, don't keep it a secret." ~ Mary Kay Ash
new shows posted we need locals. hit us up. www.myspace.com/jwshows
#FF my sweet friends
thanks for the RT steve! Pretty amazing how quickly that happened
follow if you want funny! :D
Kenneth Mader was chosen as our editor and we are very excited!
noo, you wanna take this to a hoop? #balla :)
is back on Twitter! I really have to figure this out! My thoughts are with our troops on this 4th of July - especially those deployed!
Hey guys!! Waddup alex aarron etc.? Don't sleep on FreeSol show this summer on MV dudes!!! Call Nick Shuley!!! Later! C u soon.
Interesting background and you look like a movie star. Do you have a book or article about your life? Doug
you should put all your pickups onto one page instead of 11 pages...
Not a bacon fan.
My Twitter is blowing up w/ on-the-ground Egypt reporting. Meanwhile CNN has 10 mins of "troubled teacher gets a raise" + 5 mins of snow
Tomorrow doesn't look much better. I may have to make Tues a sick day!!
!!!***FREE iPad2***!!! Enter to win by registering before Dec 24th. You know you're coming so why not reap the reward. Please RT
Her facial expression was hilarious, then I told her not to mention her fashion sense is great but she blew up afer the porn truth be told
im so freakin excited for those thunderstorms!!!! OHH YEAH THUNDERSTORMS YEAH!!!
"yami Vazquez, yes that's the girl" Omg
When is it?!?
i dont know about you but im gona go to sleep soon. im tired!
: most startups fail from lack of customers vs. the product was wrong...
M. Gonzalez (D-Austin/Dallas). Will she fight former UT employer for UTEP Tier I status?
Hey, what's up shay? You mind checking out my blog? No big deal. It's awesome though.
ha! that's messed up. RT : Got the little one to make me breakfast. Was gonna pay her D25 but she charged D15 so
...On the road to Vegas....Can't wait to see my family! How did I get so lucky? Happy T-Day everyone!
I was at one, and the ladies were horrible to everyone in that room. DMVs in this state need completely revamped WindowsNT is not ok.
the family tree looks a lot like a tumbleweed
and that proves....
Just put up another new song off the EP! Check it out!
First day of school went great! :)
- The Fighter
Usually love the rain, but today, it wet and wrinkled my suit. Boo to you, rain. Boo. To. You.
who can work? it's beer bike eve !
#FF Big thanks to Artists/ Visitors/ Curators for #LikeArt & other #exhibitions:
ohh really? I should have known better.
The moon is a planet just like the earth, only it is even deader.
I think my superpower might be replaying a good song until it's awful.
thanks for the follow! How does the #futureofpd look from north of the border?
the trending topics <<<<
.......What a great audition. You are definately representing Colorado tonight baby!.
RIP Carroll Shelby.
Thoughts & prayers go out to Dan Wheldon's family.Dan was one of the nicest guys I've ever met- so talented with a bright future ahead.
After improving for the first time in almost two weeks yesterday, Mortgage Rates increased back
yes! soon! I'll let you know when I'm not busy busy busy with work
Ohman's ploy worked. I expected Twitter to be going on and on about his suckage but instead they speak of his socks. Well played, Will
i know i woke up and was like WTF! and kinda chuckled to my self!
I need help launching my site will offer %, thanks gordon
I think you'll find the same backout list on Spotify's competitor MOG.
I've never uttered these words before, or even thought them, but I'm kind of regretting the popcorn.
Don't forget 2 days it's Relax...it's Monday and weve got open bar for ladies along w/ & spinning
Masseuse in Eden Prairie, Minn claims that Favre sent her innuendo-laden text messages last September.
"WOW! (gasp) And why do I spend (gasp) an hour kick boxing (gasp)?" An hour sounds more impressive than 4 minutes Tawny :-).
I feel like something is in my brain, stomping around. Oh, migraines, why can't you just go away? Forever?
really dude 300+ followers...
(cont) really through Blake would get marginalized in a half court type playoff game series & besides Paul they don't have much
Don't give up the fight Dax. Love your work on Parenthood man!
ik I would to and well I'm going to go to bed but I'll tweet ya tomorrow ok!
Omg one direction in that xfactor commercial
Now I couldn't give a sh*t and will be cheering you on ;-D!
"Back to the Future"
I'm gud just woke up lol Now I'm about to get myself together
As of 2:17 this morning... I'M OFFICIALLY AN AUNT!!! :D
Yeah, they've been in a bit of disarray since the previous editor stepped down. Haven't received my comp copies in months.
Hair's still very curly from yesterday x) prom was AMAZING with and & were a couple bells of the ball :D
Nothing else seems to matter when I'm holding you.
24 hour fitness.
My teams strong! We up next kids!
I agree on that one!
Resolved: if you spend time worrying whether David Sedaris has been sufficiently factchecked, you really should get a life.
RT : *Shanks chip at practice green* *Looks around to make sure no one saw it*
question: I don't understand when people say gay rights isn't a civil right bc they can "hide their gay-ness." What praytell does this mean?
Anyone know any good venues in Brooklyn? Were trying to book a release show for our album so if anybody knows of a good spot, hit us up!
Congratulations for becoming our 1,199th follower! only one more to go and we will hit 1,200. Thanks for the follow!
OMG is that me, you, Taylor, and cats.
let's get a new one, I really loved my phone but now it's being a stupidphone instead of a smartphone
RT #osuhomebase if you love Ohio State tailgating
Smart sales tactic. “: Kudos to Clippers who have taped pieces of paper to seats that are available to buy for season tickets.”
We hope you have a speedy recovery as well! Happy holidays and go Colts!
thanks for the mention! did a lot of other people send you letters?
#CrazyBill left today without saying goodbye, then didn't come back. I think "s" has hit the fan.. Emphasis on "s"chizo *hide*
should be at season 3 in a couple days :)
stay or go...
Health and cheerfulness make beauty; finery and cosmetics cost money and lie. - Spanish Proverb
Just lost from #phlpythonworkshop to #thatcampphilly Too many great options today!
"We are encouraged to look only so we can then close our eyes."
Baked Dog - Wear one of these super cool Baked Dog tshirts! Stoner dog getting high
Portland Police investigate "very unusual" officer-involved shooting this morning. Details on Fox 12.
": Playing "Money Grabber" makes me think of walking with on the pro corner" Pro! Pro?
Stay positive! At least we have a team to root for, we could be living in Seattle... #Sonics RT : #fail blazers
Glad you found us in the Twitterverse!
I'M SOO HAPPY :)
watching the game on tnt ! (:
I love the rain!
Camp dues paid
LOl i dont have cable either but when i go home i pop those badboys in the dvd player, but when its on spike helya
Sitting at KFC looking at pics of The Colonel. He definitely had some sexiness going on. The way he's looking at that chicken is pure sex.
Your Welcome!! :) xoxo
"Our aspirations are our possibilities." - Robert Browning.
I really gotta start exercising. I keep pulling muscles. Someone come dangle cheese or candy in front of me to give me motivation.
Thanks to Theatre for bringing us back! So Excited to share this story with the DC community once again!
audition tomorrow for a mob bosses daughter.
Two and a half brain cells RT: : How do you fire Jo Pa? #insult #noclass as a hawkeye fan I find it in poor taste
Dang some of ya'll got spammed!!
Same problem. I don't think we need to. You give your name under each comment. WP login seems to be only for admin.
now up taking about strategy vs tactics.
Just got a mix of the 2nd song we recorded! Can't wait for you to hear.
oh, don't be! I'm just feeling sorry for myself. :-) you will be missed.
I like how the Ninja Turtles wear masks. Good way to hide your identity, it's not like you're a giant turtle or anything.
Would you follow YOU, if you were lost?
good morning everyone & good morning to our latest follower !!
people throw rocks at things that shine.
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him
YEAH I know that . You coming tommorrow?
hey just about to get ready for the high school football game at 7 yeah cant wait to see peyton ever though i saw him at school who care?!
U kno what I ain't gone even say anything I'ma let it go
Haha! Just go with the, ahem, flow... :)
I wish Obama would comeback at "record" questions with urls.
Yes, love would take over to make sure my parents were taken care of. You're awesome, Kel! <3
Not tonight. But I'll let you know how this goes.
RT : #FF to champions of #journalism #diversity:
So true. RT : Arbitration scoops are media video games. No fan cares unless the player is going to have to be traded because he wins.
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =) 888
I'm hungry :(
Yea But he lost them on talking about Social Issues.. so lets say its a even Loss...
people need to read Elisabeth Badinter's Le conflit: la femme et la mère, especially in response to that Time cover.
I heard I fuck like a master when I'm high.
In the APIs we make we only use query string params. If you use POST with a request body you can't cache with HTTP.
if you have any pull with Chevy - let them know the implementation of the perk is horrendous.
the funniest part is that has been telling people "you are what you eat," implying #obama is a little chihuahua
The pain you caused won't show on my face unless someone watched my eyes as you walked away.
So, 1) Didn't deliver order Sunday, 2) Delivered wrong order Monday, and 3) Won't answer phone on Tuesday. What's Wednesday?
GOD I know, it's the nastiest thing i've even seen! I don't know how that could even happen like...ewww DX
Roses petals falling signify the blessings that shower upon your life. ~ Maria Carter
me everyday.
I got more dough than a bakery. Right here right now is the place to be.
Babe I have school but I'll stay for 30 more minutes okay baby? <3
maybe I should change my VM message: "Thanks for calling SS Vocal Studios, sing your audition to get in with the coach now."
I would be interested, were it not for my lack of musical skills & that already claimed tambourine. Fish? Cowbell?
Ikr he just works too hard here. He needs to stay there for a while.
The American Free Enterprise System is really not all that complicated.
Run your butt off for your best body ever
surre call it what u want lol
If you happen to in a news organization, we'd love to talk to about our simply amazing galleries!
Sunday is Daylight Savings! Don't forget to set your clocks back 1 hour Saturday night!
Thank you for the love Sophie
<<<<Has a Josh Smith Hawks jersey for no other fact than his name. Fuck you don't judge me.
Kids 4 & under and adults 85 & over are the two groups who don't hide the fact they are pooping. In fact, they get cheered for it.
Need Bears updates
Its only half time on the celtic/philli game! Idgaf bout them im ready to see Matt Barnes!
congrats to my Hawks, enjoy your long ride home Hoosiers
I got hit on about 8 times in one hour because I am 1 out of 5 fans at the bar and MY TEAM WON THE SUPERBOWL!!
Time to get some runs!
Whenever I add someone new to a list, , and I click on said list, it only shows me tweets from the person I just added.
made it home!
RT - Got my NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS shirt on today
java developer in Horsham PA needed. 80k+benefits.
Wake up like a BOSS
Idk if we are going, my whip is fuckin up! Cherese is going tho! RT : ItsQiMula I'm about what ever where?
i cant sleep -_-
thanx for the follow
Great to see senior realization today!
yes you can. Tell Isaac to let me know what's up
completely worth waiting all day for ! I can't believe I held hands with Kendall! <3
A beautiful woman with a little chicken is calling my name.
Hey Thanks 4 The Follow! Would u know anything on how to submit tv/talk show portfolios?
"that is not a real problem, a real problem is losing your big scissors before a ribbon cutting"
"Luv is the medicine" from 177, 325 is a positive reach soFar in2Days! By the way, just got a good buzz, MTV or Billboard soon...
Sad to leave my fabulous Xerox team but Monday I start at Unity Health as their Manager, Staffing and Recruiting!
RT : Today in #Herstory: In 1912 comedienne Minnie Pearl was born, known for wearing a big hat with a price tag on Hee-Haw.
it was a bitch but I managed to do most of the FRQs . I think I did alright. Not so sure if I passed though. Maybe
Don’t miss my workshop with tomorrow morning on Media & Message Training. RSVP only!
#wcmf11 Blogging is a good way to make a name for yourself
also im working on getting a band together & need a singer. I was thinking your style would be perfect :)
please follow me back
I dated a Midwesterner a few years ago and she talked funny. You didn't seem to have an accent though
Looking forward to starting my internship today !
Looks like that fixed the issue. Everything is looking good now.
I will hate feeling sick to my stomach.
Doing well man, you?
I'm buying my mommy fruit flowers for mothers day! she might get lucky and even get a card
the kindness of strangers is incredible. (:
A thankful tweet-out to for alerting me to my lack of twitter privacy!!!
You know what capitalism is? Gettin' fucked!
Really great work on the Whole Vision diagram yesterday - and the relaunch!
It feels good to wake up to a 9 and 0 team I'm loving it.
Shhh! Don't tell our graphic designers!
for the most part, yes! there are a few areas that we can't have dogs (i.e. Groupon Experience concert area) but mainly yes!
oh okay! I'll let you know how that goes;)
