lol!! Someone else just said that!! Hi Kenny!!
which they are, but keeps saying it's a "personal order." Which is just BS, as most people who read my site KNOW me.
disagree, onions rule! i could eat a red onion like an apple.
Your welcome :D ♥ , Can You follow back?? :3
a great therapeutic massage and some "me time!"
#Nw Regular Show 
yes we are=]
I love I am currently chillin in the meet & greet line with her, (:
“: I'm so glad we met early on at #SHRMTalent. Looking forward 2seeing u at next event!” ditto ck out
Diet soda contains a lot of chemicals that are not good for your body
plz follow my good friend you might even get a woof woof after all it is wednesday
bakkd up by a bunch of G ass nigga n i jus gt yo girl sum knee pads nigga # off work
New Media Institute’s SLAM Showcase gives students chance to network
Stoked to be DJing tomorrow night with
Pate was a bad choice.
eat the ticket
Teams scoring first in game 7 are 10-0 the rangers are 4-0 in game 7s at MSG. Obviously the #caps are going to defy all odds & win this!
There's just only so much you can put on a package & a QR would help if brand needed to reformulate or communicate safety.
George-Michael: They're grown-ups! They're allowed to have fun whenever they want... We're kids, we're supposed to be working!"
lol I am so happy for you!!! lol but never forget Jaden!!!! or I might just have to slap you!
Looking forward to Faust at Santa Fé Opera...
Brandy was a HUGE part of the soundtrack of my childhood 😊💿🎧
Game one = check :) let's go balls out tomorrow PV <3
I bet! <3 Lol I could let my hair do that they would be formed in like a month lol. I have the most tangely hair!
Dude. Jeans aren't "business casual." What kind of *business* is that? Lemonade stand? It's just "casual."
I MADE IT!
Daddy worked his a** off all his life in a steel foundry and died with a sack of potatoes it must of got handed down....
Odd we just have one trash can, one recycle bin at our desk. Done and done. Why so complicated?
Stealing is such a harsh word. I mean I can't think of a better one, but if I do, I'll let you know.
You're too handsome to be following me:)
The @ ZooFit page is live. Like, and check out the completely simple plan to get your body ready for summer!
Also, I need to fill up my gas tank.
older than me(:
I see #krushgroove is going to be on the agenda this evening
Almost an EMERGENCY!
Abram Brown beats Chase Shilhanek in a hard fought battle. 2:29 Round 3 Tap from Guillotine.
This shit sneaking up on me ": #Fuckedup n clowning wit "
CCPE begins to explore offering courses online. And we wonder, how do you #learn best?
What a creeper! I'll be avoiding Jack like the plague.
I always want to answer the question of “How Soon Is Now?” but I realize that as soon as I do, “Now” is in the past.
Did you register for tomorrow's line up of events? HR Image Awards - Author & Exec Coach, John Spence - Networking - Food Stations - FREE U…
I love u Shaq!! U gave me the best years of my life!!! CAN U DIG IT!!! Back 2 back 2 back!!!
Lebron's starting to look like an old man now
the only thing that gets me out of bed before I sleep a full 8 hours is if im going to Disneyland.
when I come to orlando in a few weeks . We will have to go hunting lol
ManInFrontOfMeInLineAtWalgreen​s, If you have to ask, "Cliff, Can you hear me?" 20 times, Cliff cannot hear you. Hang up the cell phone.
Not hooking up with anyone tonight so... I guess I can have some garlic...
"Where there's a will there's a way" unknown
oh ok word.
Computer Corner Armoire: Bush Series A Corner Hutch by Bush
Take me!(; : Me either :/ " Ohmy yes! I havent been there in forever! : *five gu"
Went directly from #OWS to a book party at Tiffany. I am the 100%!
Awesome pic, can't believe I missed that!!!
- and I miss you bunches. Hanging out in Tulsa was tons of fun!!!
I have a friend who's started a glee club, they might be down. can you email me at ?
you should have come! This crap. Why are you with us?
Mother May I. With at Perfect date.
“Do not chase people. Be you & do your own thing & work hard. The right people who belong in your life will come to you & stay.” - Wu Tang
Happy Mothers Day , To your Amazing mom !! 💐💜
IT WAS WRAPPED.
Omg this book is not making sense!!!!
RT : Houston Hoops 13s too big & athletic for Carolina Flight. They take Pool F & advance to National Bracket w/solid seed.
To get McGee must the other team take Blatche, or no?
I know! I love visiting the rainforest (and Seattle), but I don't need to live there....
Done! They responded very quickly.
#Peoplelikeus know that it is now or never
Fact: If you eat chocolate while learning, the calories don't count; learning burns calories.
lol... *fake laugh*
He also wore what appeared to be titanium underwear in "Dune", which was pretty fantastic.
Subway Eat Fresh!
You are quite welcome.
I remember when me & alcohol use to fuck with each HARD !!!
: ConnectionArtist would like to wish the Men of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc. a very happy Founders Day!
i always tweet but he never tweets back :(
Fell asleep trying to finish my "101 Wish List". I think Im up to 71 now. Was flowing at first, but now i gotta REALLY think outside the box
you ain't NEVER lied...
How can there be TWO 1 trains arriving in 0 min, yet no train in sight?! Is it so cold that time froze, too?
Lyon adds that J.L. Austin is more "playful" and "funny" in Philosophical Papers. But HTDTWW lectures are slimmer, easier to understand.
so over school. Can I please just drink these last few weeks and hang out with my sisters???
We R All About #Israel Forever!! If U R 2 Join Us!! We Can Do This Together!!!!
accepted position in Mineral Point School District as Superintendent--best of luck! wis hs sports losing one of its best ADs!
it's ok, it happened to me once. I was just glad someone made me aware of it before too much happened :-) good luck
Due to the constant and massive growth of the telecommunications sector in Asia-Pacific region
RT : Mobile tech
Hey now, watch where you're throwing around "not into them". FACT ERROR -10
After the busty judge's wife left our train car, "...and didn't even get one off" said on the
Took my side of the bed
Water, water everywhere and not a drop to drink. It's happening! My water broke! :)
Mid-term Supervisor evaluations due Friday! The form is on D2L. It can be submitted via dropbox, email, fax or turn in the hard copy.
throwing your keys in the jar?
This lil girl kelsey on my tl , suppose to be funny .
Also have him read work by William Davis, MD, a preventive cardiologist and/or talk to #pdx Dr. Miles Hassell.
where the heck you been at
Gotta love Patrick Kane. He is going crazy in the scrum.
Forget shit & move on; I really need to start following that.
wait! Do you mean you don't want to brave unlimited mimosas? Because I will go in your place!
Moving out.
It's taking everything I have to walk back in that building. Ah. Hate it.
Been in the ER for the past hours . . .
Become better then ur hater.
It is technically correct. What's can be "what is" or "what does."
raleigh bound today :)
Do you know this house is falling apart
Any other college kids think that moving your room back to normal at the end of the year is exactly like playing 'Unblock Me'...
Face in the mirror - All of the old man creases Are of bright laughter.
Extremely tough day. Here's to hoping that I'll feel better tomorrow!
At the airport, on my way to Seattle with the trio!
Good luck tomorrow. Win 2
Missing our corner of delicious baked goods at Amstel. I hope to return with banana bread and pumpkin pie.
and Thanks much by the way!
I see ya
How abt the lack of $ is the root of evil?work\RT : They say that money is the root of all evil. Doesn't a person need roots?
its ok. I followed them anyways :)
they play in Gresham Park on Sunday's.
This might be government at its worst.
We'll make you a deal. You come play two more games for us, and we'll let you take two more classes online.
Its all about choices ... there are many natural styles to choose for our kids that help them show their beauty.
yeah just do that so I can break in and steal it
I'll stick with it
At the ICMS Conference in Kalamazoo you can enter our FREE book prize draw for: Queen Elizabeth’s Wardrobe Unlock’d. Catch us at booth
At breakfast this morning with my little daughter Ellie...waitress said to her, ' You must like going out with grandpa.' KOIN Local 6 News
That one person that's always on my mind and I wish they fucking would just get the fuck out of my head.
I enjoy watching soccer more than the average American, but I want to get different types of updates from 's twitter page.
Make sure to follow for all of the S.F. Goodness. You can't keep the man off twitter.
ATTENTION EVERYONE! DO NOT READ 's FAN FIC! I AM NOT A CREEPY STALKER!
The one night I have to have internet at the library it decides not to work. Go figure. GRRRR.
Any idea on when the Kindle version of 's Best SF&F of the Year Volume 6 will be released?
Hahaha.. I'm announcing the game, so I'm tempted to say his name like she does for his next at-bat.
Happy Mother's Day to all the classy mom's out there! lol =D
Girlfriend just bought me a daily deal NOT from LivingSocial
Just discovered So brilliant. Almost unbearable to follow, but brilliant nonetheless.
At welcome reception for 200+ Annual Meeting attendees.
i don't like west but im going....
Baby kicks the most today when I'm listening to arabic or country music. Perfect mix of lebanese and hillbilly I suppose.
So I'm not DETERMINED to watch 1 season of some show before I go back to school. #sopranos or #americasnexttopmodel ????
Now to be clear, I was only suggesting chocolate shaped taco's.
Supernatural with my momma. :)
Institute marched in HONK! Parade today with #occupyboston stay tuned for photos
Hating metro lately - they won't let me apply my $2.50 orca pass towards a sounder train b/c it's not $3.5 - let me just pay difference
I have never been prohibited by an authority figure from eating an orange... until now.
Britney Spears
What's your favorite fall trend?
I'm in Louisiana!
My mom is anoyingggg and she has no common sense
LOL That was the "tanning mom"...long story...she's tanorexic, and she got arrested for taking her ginger daughter in to tan.
Happy Birthday, Elvis. You'll never die. Thank you, thankyouverymuch.
ha! I don't do much
Ha! My hoppin' johns will be vegetarian, if that helps. :)
Be thankful you have the privilegeRT Standing in line to report for jury duty in downtown Toronto. Envy me, world. ENVY ME.
to take each day as it is handed to us, but like play dough...we can mold it n2 sumthin wonderful
I'm @ the Westfield Fox Valley Mall Craft Show in Aurora today until 9pm. My table is located on the 2nd floor, near Macy's. Come say hello!
- Can't wait for the #AdClubCMO breakfast tomorrow. I'll be representing and
Yes but, Muffy has an unusually large amount of clothes lol
uhh you kicked ass! Thanks so much! ❤
Happy Mother's day to all the mothers out there especially the MILFs.
Remember to tweet about using the hashtag #NYCWine. Thanks!
Hate when you ask someone when we go chill and they reply "you never hit me up"
Thanks. Definitely wanted that one in my schedule.
Oh Snooki its a Banjo.. Not a Bonjo
Debating #fracking and #Keystone pipeline with the hubby - just another ordinary Friday night!
Well, no phone call... and no record of someone coming out today to restore my service. big surprise
is back in black.
cry of happiness 😂 and hug u
Most cars will be auction off for over $1M for the rest of the night.
Hey thanks!
ya sure just 1 minute 
finally done with my work for the day... O.O zombie eyes
Good job
of course!!
Do you know who Austin Carter Mahone is? Yeah, hes my future hussbaaand <3 oh yes.
“: Injury Update: The MRI on revealed a strained abdominal muscle. He is out indefinitely.” Not good.
ahh that's gay :(. I might fall asleep lol I am slerpy
"Humectant, you fix dent"
14 n I'm not i said just a lil
Me three.
I always thought all that "Zoom Zoom" stuff was pretty silly. Until I drove a Mazda yesterday.
Soon we will offer Flexx-able technology solutions - tools that will allow you to focus on why you are in business!
GM Up thanking God 2 b #blessed Gettin ready 4 work...hope it flies by. So happy it was gettin nice finally...hope 2 c it again 2day!!
"Is the day of individual creativity gone?" Questioned posed to panel. Your thoughts? (cc: )
Well not all of us are lucky enough to have a rooftop deck :) Sounds like fun!
frustrated...I just wanna relax!
Studying, Kaiser Chiefs on Spotify at the laundromat.
Nothing like starting a trend for #aliensex lol
I love you and good luck , I love you and good luck
I'd be able to stay home a little more often if it weren't for Parent Connection 😒
As usual, we're still going strong. Slide in here.
That's the type of passion I've been waiting for with this #ESEA mark-up...thank you Ranking Member Miller for taking the gloves off
Fantastic time with great groups of people . Now to apply the magic in the real world. Onward and upward!
just saw Fast Five!(: ahah it was amazzing!!(:
haha sarcasm is the lowest form of wit, they say ;-)
If there was a soundtrack to my life, jimmy eat world would be on it.
WTF yall n here talkin bout snacks an diets an shyt ion wanna here dat
Every day I'm getting older n I'm trying to make this shit last fuck
I think you could have all that in Minneapolis. Just sayin'.
Where did you put Pitt -- top 10?
If you aren't able to trust the person your with, then break the fuck up! Tired of hearing people complain
Listening to cannon fire in the background. Something must be up at Conner Prairie.
enjoy your conference :) bring back ideas :)
never say I didnt
Who wanna buy a puppy?
I be on that Marvin Gaye tip.
I just said to someone: "I can't wait to get done writing about flu so I can start researching bed bugs." Yeah, I'm great at parties.
GO, !! Loved watching you win!
lmao i fell for it and just had a mini heart attack thanks alex:L
I never knew how much I loved you until I woke up and you weren't there.
that's why I think he's staying, if he wasn't his wife would not have said what she did in the paper
Do u also go by Lil B? I just listened 2 dat Ellen deGeneres Diss on YouTube. It sounds Gr8
Yes, but it's a short shift and in the fuel station. Off tomorrow.
soon enough... unfortunately my tuition is not handled-by-some-random-nigga-that-live-in-atlanta
James Joyce had epiphanies. Dostoevsky had epileptic fits.
Stay safe and warm and happy today, friends!
I'm from st paul
#TGIF fin de semana cubano! como no? Come join us for some Cuban flavor!
sorry i missed you at - they were amazing!
ACC: People, photocopying their buttocks, are the cause of 24% of all photocopier malfunction worldwide... OOPS!
- Oh the horror with some of these names you mentioned! NIGHTMARES lol Have a good one! =)
Haha. I thought a bit of Siouxsie suited that avi
If things were too easy to find then they wouldn't be worth finding at all.
Thanks for the follow Tori! Be well.
Can't wait for Planner tech tongiht
Heading to the Kohl Center to watch the Badgers take on, none other, but the Kangaroos from UMKC.
oh yeahh jammin to Adam Lambert - If i had you.....my song to <33
Looks like I'm going to breakfast alone! Dese hoes ain't ever on time!
What kind of lunch starts at 10?!
wish I could watch but iPhone 4 doesn't support your format. Get to a comp about 1x/wk. Sad.
My birthday is on 23rd of July. xo
James Montie: Interesting to see hybrid role "social media and recruiter" - requires different skills sets for communications on FB.
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood. Make big plans, aim high in hope and work.
Loving all the new followers! Thanks everyone!
hey guys sorry still building the security features so the contest is fair. Email labels to contest .com to enter
I back now...just me and my mom went. We had SO much fun!!
Nice in HOT just like I like it. I like the weather too ;-) TOPTIONAL!!!
my throat is on fire it hurts
-__- RT! : Nice tribal tattoo. O you don't know what it means? O it's permanent? O your allowed to procreate?
can't wait for this weekend.
Y am I up
Three quarter length awesome the mix shirts where can I get one
I now swear off citrus fruit in protest of tonight's game. Except 4 orange slices in my blue moon, but in that case at least it's drowning.
thinking about selling my 12" subs... Rockford Fosgate punches.... if u interested hmu
I mustache you a question, but I'll shave it for later.
was amazing! can't wait to see again at the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland on Oct. 14th.
Looking for an apt ugh shit is hard some of the prices are so high!! 😣
great to meet you too! Pics will be up soon!!
I wish I'd get a text & it be him telling me how much he misses me.. Ugh
Fulfilling your purpose is the best life has to offer
Jeff is working on a PC for a family and I just received our licences from Microsoft!
Cheers to the coolest cat's ever--to come out of Scotland! Do u partake in the Irish festivities?
cant sleep cause im fightin wit 1 follower textin another and jus made anothers night 2 many emotions at 1 time
Since #OWS is getting kicked off of public property guess they have to take it right to the real problem...Corporate Board rooms & meetings.
#thanks for following back
: nope that shit wasnt me... Good try
Good LAWwWd!...itz Good Friday -_- if u dont know my humor, u wont get it.
the impurities must be cleansed
Kearney Street NE? There's no 1100 block; streets jump from 10th to 12th in that part of town.
are u doing any ticket give aways for Jon Reep??? I love our hometown homey and seen him last time he was here in NC!!
Chev! Guess who's on board :)!
Nice one ahahahah!
Might have been too much of a good thing!
God damn your lame as fuck
Stmt of the #ICANN Noncommercial Users Constituency on need for #UDRP review to balance trademark / domain name rights bit.ly/qPjPf1
I didnt even realized I had an accent till I moved to the US
900 likes!! <3 Thank you all!!
Who woulda thought Steve Blake would be having huge GM 7 moments while Steve Francis,Juan Dixon & Lonny Baxter figure out the metric system?
I didn't even notice your name or bio initially I was just responding to whatever isis RTed
coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee
I love you and miss you to(:
#Stefon now has a little sidekick kitty named Rick James.
yes you are?! What are you talking about! Haha
It is defining the unknown which is self-delusional. We do so only because we fear it. We must learn to embrace it.
im not perfect ill piss u off say stupid things ,and then i will take it back ur never find find a girl that cares and loves u more than me
Parks and Rec is LITERALLY the best show on TV. I'm in such a "Jim and Pam circa Season 2" place right now.
Sending prayers to those affected by the stage collapse @ the Indiana State Fair.
Did SMU's death sentence carry over into Tecmo?
321: I'm thankful to the security staff in my Portland office building for working with police to keep me & my co-workers safe.
It's never a good idea to look behind the curtain.
Wow... whats the chances of getting your boss high? LMAO
I am so ready for the weekend! Two more days to go, I can do this!
Absolutely! "The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it." -Dale Carnegie
cheers mate--
Google - Why Things Will Get Much Worse - Sell
My daddy came home a few minutes ago!!!! I hugged him. Now he's at work again :(;(
“: Guess what me and my BESTIE/cousin got planned for the near future....”--let it marinate lol
I'll be glad when this election season is over so these people can stop with the foolishness and Obama can start gettin it in.
Keifer Sutherland scores again... FOX's "Touch" is an awesome show..
None other than the infamous Congrats and thanks!
#MKE #Art Museum has FREE admission all day!
Won't be out for a bit, but now that you're in country, I'd like to see your thoughts on Hop Trip
Or do like George Costanza. RT : I hate coming up with a good come-back days after the fact. Oh well, store it for next time. :)
I always look forward to my afternoon coffee... but the huge bottle of water I need to drink isn't nearly as inviting.
Super sweet! Hope you are having a great start to your day!
Crazy dreams last night, too much twitter at night is too much
a phrase I love hearing, "professionalize the profession"
ILL DO IT FOR YOU TOMORROW OR WEDNESDAY BECAUSE I HAVENT FINISHED IT IM SORRY
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
True story. #ellsworthkelly / RT : it actually seems a bit prescient, in a way...
My head is going numb
“Made in America” would be nice if we actually made the stuff that’s in demand…
Be on the lookout for hot dogs. The launch is near 429!
how much money you got? hehe
No School Tomorrow :)
M, mushroom, hot dog, onion, garlic scramble and coffee. I treated myself well for fixing my sleep schedule.
Thanks, Melissa! Big compliment coming from you...
One Time For My Idol Sitting Court Side Rep For His Home Team!!
super excited to have coffee with someone from WTOP today. Love learning about radio!
What's up today
•walks to refrigerator•
Romans 12:9 Love from the center of who you are; don't fake it. Run for dear life from evil; hold on for dear life to good.
I like the way you think!
please follow me
You know you're in the country when there's a horseshoe game always going on.
I think I've taken memory for granted but now i realize how easily it can be taken away. #thankful for life<3
Happy Birthday! Thank you for your support!
So many geeks and hipsters in one place.
I love watching Nightmare Before Christmas with Michael and singing along to every song.
tweet what ? About what you like doing ? X
beautiful..finally lost
look at listed prices for type of hotel you want then use their name your own price feature & start with 1/2 the listed price
how was ur party
Half of the #IdCapThat pictures are dumb as hell
I would love to be in that #Soyuz right now.
"It's like tryna turn around on a one way street, I can't give ya what you want and it's killing me."
Awesome! Thanks for the response! :)
I dont think so. I suck at this RT #Scorpio's can cut through facades and see right down to the core of someone.
Whats a goon to a goblin
ok, I'll go check it out thanks(:
Can you smell baseball? I can.
Channeling eloquence and confidence for my interview tonight. Send happy thoughts my way!
Great turnout for the re-opening of the War Memorial today. Stay tuned for pics of the event...
The only Easter Egg I want tomorrow is the dead one from my girlfriend's period.
now that says Christmas!
Hope you enjoy the bubbly. See you in LA again soon.
re:Godaddy. Spot feels old. Sex may still sell, but not like that, maybe.
Haha one thing you need to know about me is that I always have my friends backs ;DQ
Life is either a great adventure or nothing.
Congrats! : w00t, my abstract on breaking news collaboration on Wikipedia w & for ABS special issue was accepted!
New years Eve =amateur night I'll be at the crib chilling with the boys
Did you know that having a programable thermostat can lead to substantial savings for u. Naughton's has a great selection of them in stock.
Lera Lynn did live this morning, then trekked to Milwaukee to be live with us in a couple minutes.
yo lactose intolerant.
It bothers me when they flaunt it lol . Like c'mon son !
Fish Farm News And Science: Harper&#39;s EU Trade Agreement
This dude is reloading his gun in the back of the train.?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR GREAT !!!!
I usually went for Starman. Fighter Hyabusa was kind of nubby, but we liked calling him Fighter I-Abuse-Ya.
what time is it on? I missed it on Thursday !
4 years in a job and yesterday I quit on the spot!
Did you find anything good?
Go follow <3
Did you miss on just now? Depth Chart: Wisconsin re-airs at 10PM on ESPN2.
OMFG! The biggest fuckin spider just came thro my window! Ugh ifucked his as up tho
": I work for and with some of the most amazing people on the planet. :-)" We are just as lucky to work w/you. Thx for ALL you do!
Okie :) I sent it!
I have kept this a secret for 8 years... I've seen every episode of Desperate Housewives.
Milkshakes two days in a row :)
I like it better when it all started...
Basically, the Heat just have to concentrate all their energy on stopping Melo, and this will be over pretty quick
good, I sure will be there. If I ever decide to come back..........
RT : If you dont know what you want, how do u expect others to jump into action 2 help? BE SPECIFIC.
About to watch a lift off to Mars. I'm still amazed at what humans are capable of when coming together for a common goal. Go #MSL !
How you doing in NYC? What's the latest? I'm hoping to make a run to the city in late May/early June. Let's circle back then...
but if we stop you, how will you get back into a routine? HAHA
Sometimes we procrastinate because we are not sure we WANT to pull "it" off.
Love your commitment to those fighting the good fight, like Pelosi
You know I said its true! I can feel the love, can you feel it too?
make that 3-for-3, though i feel confident saying I could've made that last play; i believe that's what they call a Sunday hop in the biz
When referring to me as "Mr." PLEASE call me "Mr.Causley" and NOT "Mr.Ross" ok. Lol, Ross is my first name...not my last. =]
you are the man!
Everyone follow our owners: &
Our 3-yo twins have taken to calling each other "matey" in everyday conversation, as in "Can you give me that blue lego, matey?"
When I got the mail out of the mailbox, I was halfway up my driveway, &my 7 yr old sis made me put it back so she could go back and get it.
McDonald's breakfast tomorrow before work? I think yes!!!
n how would you know that?
It started with and became a tree. This is in support of libraries, books, words, ideas. a gesture goo.gl/LtUH7
“: life of a momma” I know, I know! =0p
Has anybody ever told you that you look like Mrs. Puff?
The entire Delphi staff: Teaching w/Technology, Blackboard, PD, & Conferencing - we couldn't do it w/out you!
Makeup Remover? And Zombieland rocks. xD
If they'll trade for 1 copy of Beat Street....gold!!
#offline #sleeping xo'
My route home is black and red on the traffic map. Looks like I'm gonna get some work done tonight. Fire up another K-cup and get cozy
Sushi with the Anaheim CA Calvary crew before I head to LAX for a flight to Seattle! Then off to Friday Harbor Calvary in the morning! ~AZ
Peter Groff CEO of the is speaking about the state of the public charter school movement
back to the boondocks .. Wyd doin besides that
thanks for the shoutout !
your icon... flawless.
Hey and I love you guys
What time does the Shatner show actually start?
Believe me, I agree. And yet I still tried to save you!
Perhaps you've heard the news, but Avery's editors emailed Kickstarter funders yesterday to refund money. They're done.
Good day shooting a special Holiday Die Hard treat today. Look for it online soon.
"If you love something, let it go. If it comes back to you, its yours forever. If it dosent, then it was never meant to be."
Psst. Free Delivery on all lunch orders of $20 or more from Swig today! Pass it on!
Step back give me 50ft.
i did but i didnt get it
omg. One of the best things ... ever. Now I'm starving, bachelor life, no food in the house!
Slated to join the #Brewers pregame show around 2 p.m. today. Just hoping I don't get hurt doing it.
Thanks for the retweet! Hope you enjoyed your Thanksgiving!
Wrapped my side up because I am already tired of ointment getting all over my clothes :( this is the only thing I dislike about tattoos.
Too Fuckin' Busy ; Too Busy Fuckin'
I like to call that "Snarting"
Canadian magician James Dimmare has been awarded "Stage Magician of the Year" twice by the American Academy of Magical Arts in Hollywood.
Brighten up your week with Highlights&Cut for $100 Monday with ! (702)588-8456
Boogie is gettin' it done!
I'm so bored... dnt kno what 2 do
Workout inspiration: "your arms are your best accessory." -
i'm sure it'll be great! good luck! :)
Thx Allison! Have a great weekend! RT : #FF some great marketers to follow...
what's going down my Brotha ?
Sucks that I don't wanna go swimming because I don't wanna get my hair wet..
Illness tells us what we are. - Italian Proverb
: It's easier to be interviewed.
Thanks for sharing that! I have my Capstone class in the fall and this came in handy.
ATTENTION 🏃🙅👊💨🔥💤✌🎵🙏💏 CONTEST 4th member: guess the unknown members name and age and enthicity and u when a prize from her
yes that is dare's sis...goes to dsha
“: If I had a son..........he would look like Justin Bieber. And we would troll the mall together.” this actually scares me.
presenting real time twitter sentiment analysis; humans train the algorithm; sarcasm throws off computer models
Cousins in town from Atlanta. Guess I will head over to see them
Where is this going? Idk but imma enjoy the ride along the way. Cuz ii believe we have something special.. Night/Good morning loves!
you're welcome!
you should make YouTube videos
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys-)
Grizzlies 30:1 odds as good of a deal to you as it is to me? Lionel has his guys playing so well right now.
a) you're back in U.S.? b) that's amazing re: accreditation, congrats! and c) which weekend??
pretty good(: what about you?
are u worried about Taylor's game, even a little bit?
Still cranking at 6:30 on a Friday night, and there is no end in sight! Oh damn, we are making some magical Flash stuff..
At #RAW2011 panel session 1: Jennifer Hudson on NYC in early 20th C. as seen by Russian writers.
you sounded like misery when I talkd to you last sunday
Don't stress, have sex 👍
Getting my hair did tonight. Ahyeah.
haha ! I've entered the rivers contest a billion times ! They Have a private 1D concert !! If one of us wins, we go together!!
Off to a good start... Finished new ad for , a little Analytics work, and Wordpress manual updated! All before 9am!
Idk Staal can and has done what Sean Couturier did against Malkin. Pens probably don't win the cup in 09 without Staal
Thanks for the RTs and !
Great show today.. hilarious
pops softball game.
What's up man?
Some favorite places to get #ACA & #HCR info:
oh heck yes! it felt so good to get all the grass outta my hair and get inside and hide from my allergies!
you seriously offended by dense? How is anyone offended by that? Unless of course you're just looking for a way out .
Love that show.
Go #Follow She Supports #MNMusic !
Yes. Our ticket sales associates will be in touch about refunds.
I would like to see that video. Very much so.
I just received a personal direct message that was a virus.Thought you should know.
I wish there was a pen that can copy and paste.
At Red Robins wit my buddy Alex Camper! :D
Happy Friday!
because Roenick talks about... winning the Cup would only be a blank page & crying RT : Roenick talks about ... manscaping?
dont know why you are, but you are so,why?
Aw you don't look a day over 30
am fine... Sorry for late replay cause I have another twitter account
Transformers 3~ too amazing
“: #MentionTo your friend who loves so MUCH!”
I feel like a failure when Priceline accepts my first bid.
It feels good to spoil myself once in awhile!
See, isn't easier saying y'all? :-)
I haven't been on a train in years...
I want a highlighting extension that archives to
This is almost too much
Finally home! Oh wait... School tomorrow...
UNC is the leading candidate in our Final Four contest. Kentucky has a lot of cards filled out as well. Stop by before Thursday to enter.
Oh dang! It's almost here #DomesticDisobedience. Had a great time helping install piece yesterday.
Not feeling good at all :( . Going to sleep now
Who's stoked about our next show with Visions? We can't wait!
is here at the office today giving a group of us brief in-depth look at Congress today and what to expect in the coming year
what the FUCK kind of pass was the Johansson?
great trip home frm lax to dtw via ord. Much better than the trip out - trapped for an hour on the lax tarmac
I'll do them now!
Great minds think alike lol
Nice one !!
you need to hope for a quick score big man.
Psycho T squares off against Big Baby. Sounds like WWF!
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas! Check it out
MT : The fact that a Black Pres says he's in favor of marriage equality probably caused 100 heart attacks by old white men today.
what did i ask
What? The food I eat in the car count towards my calorie intake for the day?!?! Crap. I think I may have solved my problem.
ok, #pitt or #pgh people. I don't understand how much I need to pay, if anything, for local school tax. advice?
#whatbrightensmyday a certain someone and friends :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :)
can't win starting Ishikawa and Izturis, and the Estrada too. Bums.
I miss her! I'll have to see her sometime before leaves for Murray State
DIdn't Dickens write that?
Is thinking belt designs tonight! Chain, stones and creativity!
Making someone happy is possibly the best feeling on earth.
Yes! What stop? Moving for good?
You're not fooling me
if i dont tweet 100 times in a day, then im upset with myselff
great notes on the opening session at #sxswedu!
Just when I think I have early modern optics all figured out...
i know that u did it shows that u dont any more
If the mavs come back and win this series I will stay at grace prep
Woke up this morning feeling famous.....i guess i should get use to this!
I ♥ #23andMe ! The health info and genealogy info are fascinating and priceless & a cheap way to learn your carrier status of many genes!
I get mine from Cactus Taqueria #1. But I hear good things about Benito's, I think that's what it's called.
I'm loitering outside 914 if you're lurking about.
If, God forbid, Newt becomes nominee and then president, ya'll will find the Trotters at General Delivery, Vancouver, Canada.
sometimes people have an unfortunate, severe case of THN...
Sounds like another love TKO. Listening to the radio at work.
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand!
I hate all of you for not inviting me
Big crowd in Harrodsburg for the J-J dinner. And I was honored to shake every hand.
CONGRATS on reaching 100,000 followers. Quite quickly too... Keep it up :).
Good to see Amare didn't get heated over "extinguished" comment. I hope the Heat PA guy doesn't get fired.
I havent... are they suppose to email it to me? Thats in new york though? I didnt know it was going up there.
in other words, lots of bowties.
follow me
Know a writer/social media marketer? We're hiring DM for details.
See post differences with post revisions.
#sexcowproject - blog coming soon! :)
"Pill pooper caught in the act!"
Thank you! We are looking forward to the new website.
fuck that... bite all you want... but keep in mind it's hunting season... lawyer up chump...
cant tell me shit cause i dont give a fuck!
Correct all inaccurate information.
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
got it done thanks!
According to mathematical theory, we should date a dozen people before choosing a long-term partner
"You cannot do today's job with yesterday's ideas and be in business tomorrow."
But I will be there for him always ツ
Oh, damn! So much to unpack in that.
Beautiful day for Earth Day festivities in Balboa Park. Parking could be a challenge tho.
Preparing for a rainy week. I am hopeful that we won't be slowed down.
Christ is the Lord, not Harold Camping, not Jimmy Swaggart, not Oral or Richard Roberts, not Jim Bakker, nor any other "minister".....
I didn't go to much of the conference but Frank's keynote was great. Great prefatory remarks abt the role of scholars in activism
Apple has an opportunity to make a recurring customer very happy. I hope they step it up
I would be much more excited for high school if I was going to PFHS.
haha justin on makes everything for hungry
Qualities: Leadership, teamwork and enthusiasm are key attributes for students
wonder what my babymama is doing
Good Morning! Enjoy your day!
I hope they leave #Mannings picture on the side of Lucas Oil Stadium for at least 1 more week. to give fans a chance to get 1 last picture
Wonderful day for and Twins Territory! Happy home opener day for Target Field!
Thanks for the order and lead!! Hope you like the banner!
If you want to influence others, be influenceable yourself: you must give to get.
Me too :D I just want a dog really x)
The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle. -
bo! Ugh just get on a plane and I'll show you lol
I can't wait to see DKM in march!!!
big win for the music guys!
Had 2 assemblies @ a school in Whittier this morning. Great kids, teachers, parents & principal. kids asked great questions.
What's going on Pats?!
You know it's been a long day at the State House when you find yourself humming the Bugs Bunny theme song.
you're welcome. Who knows, acquired a Kota Ezawa piece after our "Until Now" exhibition...
Sure, there was that Lego Blocks jam from Glass Domain, but was over 20 years ago.
last season wasn't really r&b but pop rock is more popular than alt rock styles which is where i'd put her voice in a category
Thanks for the followback!
that aint got none to do with it rudy?? i want urs
Thank you! (:
i wish would come to the
Hello Des, nice to meet u. I'm Billie. U can call me Bee, my friends call me Bee :)
Which is part of the problem - it's as though Palestinians and other subjugated groups in Israel are always spoken *for*
You were created to impact the world with your gifting. The world is waiting and needs you. What are you waiting for?
At taco mac
thanks for the RT! Happy Tuesday!
Congrats on graduating college. :) I love you cous!
I Gets Messy When I Want But My Nigga Dont Like At Shit!
Need hours of operation or do i?
and you didn't invite me? :(
#TweetDingman target customers: hiring firms (2-3 hirings per month), recruiting firms, #headhunters,
Jeremy Linn is not on my most improved player ballot because he only played 35 games.
wow no love for cotto
loves animoto.com! Check it out!
Finally I want to say to PIA please be careful signing a contract to fast
mine is pretty far too!!!! :| but we're near the rec center aren't we?! party party PARTY MOFOs! fuck dud i am so ready!!!
what did you find out about biz cards. I need some too.
how r u
back on my running grind and it feels great. i must remember to stretch. anyone have any tips?
m brushed steel
Yes, this is what I do on my birthday.
I can already tell I'm not going to be seeing battleship.
yes gurl yes
that's called reverse psychology.
I agree
thanks angel :)
but will it be podcast today? I love listening, but its difficult for me unless delivered via rss feed.
Some people are so conceited, i swear. Its not even funny.
thanks for the follow. I hope to have something for you to look at within the year.
and a very cheerful morning to you! How is this day treating you so far? =D
Go Cubbies Go!
Who subs in a rookie in a tie game with five minutes to go???????????
that's awesome! Happy early bday :)
bummer. I havent had any issues with Spotify but I'm not using a paid account either.
Met a guy who's cousin, several states away, cut my hair when I was a kid. His FiL, in a diff state, worked in a building my Grandpa owned.
For those of you heading home, #wtop is reporting that all HOV restrictions in Virginia have been lifted!
Dede Allen you are smiling in heaven!
it's high time you grab one or all of your co-stars and do a cover version of a fave tune in your room.
I will apologize for him. Every fan base has at least 1 idiot, embarrassing!! Sorry.
#reducesbellyfat with Check it out!
#Neddie final day party! #machine22 now, next! Baby boys, a secret band who plays rockin STUFF! Seawhores bday suits!
I just don't get all the ranger fan hate... Now cowboy fans, those are retards!!!
Coming up next on #BBC World Service: 5 mins of int'l news, 10 mins of news re: #Britain & 45 mins of #cricket scores from around the world.
yeah he's pretty cool! Lol he knows how much I like Eminem.
Kimo's Hawaiian rules says - "NEVER JUDGE A DAY BY THE WEATHER."
is currently streaming from our bus lol
New payments alternatives @ 8:00? A.M.?
cool. Then at least you promised to visit us. Can't ask for more than that. :)
Ok. Now I'm going to Dine Out for Life. While wearing my I <3 Buffalo Football tshirt.
Why is oomf , talking to me ? :(
Gonorrhea is the second most commonly reported infectious disease in the United States, with 330,132 cases reported in 2004 (Weinstock, B...
I have horrible taste in movies. I've watched Ninjas vs. Aliens before. Cowboys vs Aliens 7/29
Love seeing everyone's true colors.
You should have some Cheddar Ice Cream then... Yum
I'm forever yours, faithfully.
I'm down
Thanks for the RT!
Tomorrow will be Columbus&76th :)Come by for tasting& Free samples!:)...It's going to be a great day, and I will bring TABOULEH!
I spent the past hour and a half properly tagging my portfolio by review, interview, outlet, festival, medium and type. Feels satisfying! :)
Awkward moment when I try on my prom dress for my dad and he doesnt like it, oh....
I smell a new commercial!
Tonight at Varsity Bar! The Unicorn League Sessions and Casey Hubble. Music starts at 6:30. No cover!
Thanks so much for sharing, George.
Dang bro that bad
I will be the one that you can run to, the only one ♥
My daddy needs to call me
Michelle walks past the tabloids, says "I hope nothing bad ever comes out about Tim Tebow". "Nothing but he's a bad quarterback", I reply.
Love it!
I'm a big fan of I had a great dinner last night. It's two things I enjoy: food and people.
Joining my voice to the chorus of people having trouble with this morning.
Who was given the gift of Floating today?
nacho taco and taquito bar!
tumbling with my wife today ;*
Relaxing this morning with my family. God has been good to me!
yes really :) why u glad?
I doubt that! :P i love you tbffl.<3
CONGRATS! RT : Finally. Finally. FINALLY. I have a for real job offer, and it's in my inbox.
": Time goes by so fast. Never miss an opportunity to tell people how much they mean to you." ♡
Sometimes I wish you were more understanding. >.<
Sitting here thinking bout my baby 💏😘
Wow, I could never have guessed.
hahahah thank you! miss ya uzzi! <3 hope things are good
really? I didn't notice
Today in 1992, Def Leppard hits #14 with "Have You Ever Needed Someone So Bad".
What does a man consider a seven-course meal? A hot dog and a six-pack of beer.
Prepping for family time today. Brutus wishes he could go.
Yes we do!
Sorry, I blame Tweetdeck. Yeah, that's it.
I havent talked to #oomf in some days..
Awesome! It's about time. - Its good to have a way to reach out to one of the greatest Love U - from KCET :)
Just back from Everest and Annapurna base camp treks. Have lots of new info for you guys to update the book. With Eric West
I would do John from #Repo lolz he's sexy.
There is something missing
Bout to jump on this Call of Duty as I wait on
Great second quarter, especially for Wade
Thank you Scott! We feel very grateful we can keep working on this stuff.
Never Forget September 11, 2001 R.I.P all lost on that fateful september morning. </3
Bitch fuck you
Give me er'e thing.
"Are you athletic?" "Yeah I surf...the internet." lmfao!!!!
where you from
I feel so out of touch
Cant wait for this wkend! I'll be in the frt row Thursday night I'll have shades on like from the Keswick
I refuse to live life for #MYSELF - Joyce Meyer
Did you know GUASFCU donates $5,000 every year to Re-imagine Georgetown?
WI "#GrandBargain", fire public wrkrs, forced slave-labor of prisoners as replace'nt. GOP's?..."poor shld pay more"...Sen Hatch
someone get Chris johnson a TD, christ he ran 200 yards
i can't wait to see how u to both act tomorrow i can't stand either of you!!!
Holiday parties are right around the corner, let Amber host your party in their private mezzanine for more information call 206.728.8500
Tim, these events and this behavior is what people were referring to at the conference. It's becoming the face o
still up in the air but I'd like to be there
Drunk textin uh oh 😜
haha u there already?
Guess the Cincinnati Reds wont be adding Coco Crisp. At $7 million a year for two years, I have to say I wouldnt have liked it either.
love barry trunk
when do the tickets go on sale.????
WE HAVE TO TAKE LANCE HOME TOO! i might just go home and sleep!
PS I'm gonna get DRUNK now!
We drink a lot of beer around here.
No one ever writes songs about Monday ...
My mom is forcing me to drink milk when I just had dinner and a Sprite. .___.
- Hi thanks for the follow too :) Tammie
Thanks for joining the convo ! Its a complicated topic, value on both sides of the fence.
Poor , just watched her number one ranked Buckeyes lose to the Badgers for the second time in her senior year.
heh ==> RT Every day is Free Comic Book Day at the Library.
"Those who say "fuck bitches, get money" usually don't have either."
I'll take that as a yes! If we have enough support the Wave Pool may be able to bring the drums..
That is awesome. Creative Visions can assit you in your PR. Check out our website at www.creativevisions.us
We got the same seats from the last time I was at The Warfield lol
tonight was fun chris! Thanks a lot & chitown is always welcome to have ya back here to play anytime.(: Goodtimes!
#3WordsOfAdvice Be Cool Man
Another fun day in LA! Meeting with some fun peeps today including the one and only Corey Lynn Calter! :)
Spending a good portion of the day at the PetExpo, getting free stuff. Giving demos. Will be out with Banshee & Sullivan. Come say hi!
bout 2 c the hunger games Saturday with my dad and sister :)
Congrats on your run & gimme somma those beets! :p
WOW Your dad is 60 and my mom will be 60 in March when I'm your age! I love you Taylor! I wish you had a T-Party in Charlotte
Watching Anna and King. All I can think is POST COLONIAL RHETORIC.
Hi! Thanks for following us. Looking forward to being of service!...~Linda :o)
nestle oh nestle .
Sefolosha got #Defense but #Kobe spazing on that guy smh
Back in the big city. Ha ha. Which one?
RT : RT : A4 Makes it organic! Make it easy for customers to love your brand
Blah blah blah blah blah<<< what I hear when you talk to me(:
ANAE a Native Enterprise is now recruiting Native American Agents - - join us, make a diffence
Nothing like getting mooned by a random car drive by...scandelous!
thank you! glad you're enjoying it! and calm is good :)
Yay! Maybe others will follow your example!! “: I've joined the MLA for 2012! :)”
Praying extra blessing over moms working today in public safety, hospitals, restaurants serving the needs of others.
lol oh samuel
Kicked off UNSEEN GUEST pub week with and the howling 5th graders of Larchmont. Lovely store & they have signed copies. Go!
Door Buster sales going to our text customers ONLY – don’t miss out – text the word HEALING to 96362 and save big.
this is so cool!!!! Thanks for sharing!
Wishing you a happy #EarthDay weekend!
Enjoying some great folk art in Old Town!
Exploring the City Wonderland - LA Downtown News Online
busy n tired ...
TY! These #film peeps are incredible >
Still need to hang out with you BOTH.
For the love of God...please stop the commercials. I promise to buy the majority of my presents at Target if you do.
One who sits between two chairs may easily fall down.
Love ain't nothing but sex misspelled. - Harlan Ellison
Hi piop i love trey song title when ur love is lost,
Thank you for reviewing! We only sell one brand, and it's all good quality and Made in U.S.A.!
Speaking at U C Davis on social media. Oh, extension class of 12. But it's a speaking chance.
Free tours on Mother's Day at Gadsby's Tavern Museum for all mothers.
Free promotion ? need more followers? try the site on my profile. By the way. do you follow4follow? lets'!
definitely.....not
Attorneys in redistricting case have finished presenting evidence. Recess until 7 then closing arguments begin.
Snag your share of thousands w/ #WorkplacePayoff. Your next cue to score $100 cash on the way in minutes.
"see you in a half hour" come on. i ordered a sandwich and you are two blocks away. it should not take that long haha
Kind of randomly into Bruckner this morning. Not sure what that's about.
"Speak your heart out." -Paul
what it dew pimp
Yall niggaz come peep out my foam party tonite at club 708 in atlanta Ga for more in call 213 361 0737
Happy mothers day to your momma! Tell her I love her and miss her!
can i crash there?
Oh now all of a sudden , you don't give a fuck about bitches ? You finally realzied YOU DONT GET NONE , lol .
Needing investigator who might do pro bono criminal work! HAH.
I'm gonna miss you most of all!!
Did you know #zipsters get 10% off bike accessories at Baltimore Bicycle Works?! Just flash your Zipcard.
my take: book was interesting but slightly disappointing bc it could have been so much more. It was still better than movie.
15.3k at break, table is tough
I Heard the opposite, Wisconsin needed to shade the 34 players over 300lbs because they were at greater risk of heat stroke
"Oh my God, look at yall except Ladarius. Anyone else hurt in the accident?" Hm....Holy Fuckin Shit Indeed bitch!
really! Celaith is coming here and we can all ride together
I'm really disappointed my dad didn't bring his camera to the game... How will i document this birthday gift?!
all over: cupertino ca, suburbia of boston, sorta new albany ohio; now baltimore.. why? :)
we are living in the US. No new rewards since yesterday! It would be great to see you, if you're in the area. How are you?
I just seen a music video where Wiz Khalifa was topless the whole time. Man, there's no way he weighs more than me..
Hope the rain and wind stop.
“: “: I'm bout to see my baby mom today lol”aww”
Alexandre Dumas~ Nothing succeeds like success.
they suck so i don't have to suck cuz thats gross :)
Get Ready For NY City Opera's Act 4!
As machines learn to structure data from news stories. What impact will this have on high frequency trading models? More or less stability?
NEVER underestimate the power within you. Achieve your dreams today, NEVER tomorrow.
his loss my love
Yesir! RT Thanks for coming out to support I really appreciate it guys
Thanks for the post ;) For coupons and contests at the FAST-FIX location you can follow
DFish with just a many points as Kobe! Old UALR Trojan still relevant baby!
I've never felt this way about someone before. It's weird..
It looks so yummy!
Was just informed that the B&B we're staying at is having a tango tonight in the hall.
hahaha potate.. potatoes... NIALL ... one direction... this is what my life has come to
Good morning. Are u still in NYC? If so, how long will u be there? Would luv to contact you abt a project re: Sierra Leone.
Awww, thank you so much, Lauren! That means so much to me!! XOXO
Im Chillin' like a villain like the penguin in its fuckin' igloo eating fudgesicles ;D <3
packer fans love you too I look forward to watching you play for many years with the pack and making a lot of pro bowls
On da way bak to H-Town
Women's match Wimbledon ...hard to watch the falls on grass court!
you beat me to the tweet. Have a great night!
you know it Petrey!
I woke up wanting to tell someone stories. I think that is my new whiskey hangover.
thanks to had a Sugarcubes flashback on my drive in to work this morning, <3 it
I'm in the same room as Meat Loaf. And Matthew McConaughey. But mostly Meat Loaf.
Ohh :( iM So Sad Now . And Today iCalled Your Name Goin To Third And You Looked Back But You Didnt see Me
It may almost be December, but we've been having the perfect BBQ weather! Come on down soon!
I swear i would ever guy that disrespects a girl thrown in jail if i was president. Don't ever hit or push a girl.
Today's discovery: I really like doing program dev templates to help clients prioritize bringing programs online. It's like a data puzzle!
In tomorrow's race I'll consume at least 1100 calories of Gu - Chocolate Outrage and Vanilla Bean
love that place
Kool Keith and plotting retention stuff
Fast weeks >>
"Success often leads to arrogance, and arrogance to failure."
When chris brown is on two stations and you cant pick which one to listen to.
I've lived in germany on 2 occasions, they would not respond to a protest this way. and protests are much more common there
Wow that play was so good it made me depressed.
is a fake account. go report her! :)
Circumstance has no power over you. Your inner weather is always and forever at your command. – Olga Rosmanith
Having a bum knee is no fun at all. I can barely walk today. Ouch!
Client is going big with his charity weekend in Phlly coming up. www.RaheemBrock.com for details.
The Premier Event of the Year! (My Personal Favorite!)
they wanted their name to start and end with a m.
Did you just throw up or something??
RT : The attorney for Ohio State's Terrelle Pryor says the QB won't return for his senior season.
Jazz trio gig this eve. w/ and Michael Brenneis at Pasqual's Hilldale from 5:30-8:30 for free. This is gonna be REALLY happenin'!
Good luck! Hearing a lot about sinus infections this year with the extra irritation caused by an intensified allergy season.
RT “: When President Obama was born his parent's marriage was illegal in 22 states. #marriageequality” !!
olkiiiiiiiii thank you tell me when u did!:)
waiting for my flight.. Gotta love some of the ppl you see in airports!!
Yes...Did you know their gowns were just featured on this week?
wow, lookin sexy.
Enjoyed visiting Tudor Place today, even on a rainy day. Vry knowledgeable guide, great experience.
a man should not drink pink lemonade in public
I think anyone with the url.
Only thing good about the #nbaleaugepass is the free first week!
Hope so!!! Sounds exciting :)
Thank you
Saturday's the day! Store #28 opens and we are celebrating like no other Be the first person to make a purchase and get 28% OFF!
THIS JUST IN: Beach Fossils are headlining the next ACT 4 event on 3/24/11. Buy your opera tickets now!
xoxoxoxox right back at ya!
Massage and a day hopely stress free is my only agenda. A beautiful day doesn't hurt:)
"I asked the police officer if the whistle around his neck was his rape whistle and if he's ever had to use it...I was sober."
it is wayy too early to still be awake!! been a good night though :))
think we could convince to host a museum mixologist contest one year? Museum-themed cocktails!
... if cowards wanna bust he'll probly drink vodka -yela's the shit
Capturing content in social media... so Meta...
hahaha I don't think I'd be able to hold my phone. I'd drop it. His lips would be against my cheek. lol
always my favorite place for a run when in LDN on biz
you won't feel it soon web your tipsy!!!
Hey y'all, any churches or music clubs in texas, oklahoma, LA, or mississippi need a rock band for feb 5,6, or 7th? Check
The real solution is "this logic should never have been in the code to begin with"
“: I have been slacking on my following, guess I need to follow 40 ppl to get back on pace. Who wants a follow?” Follow me J!
woohoo! hope you have an awesome time!
we need to day drink. Now.
where's the love?
What's the ETA on the new station at New Jersey and D, SE? It was announced last July...
blue laws bud
yes:) I love to, you?
Need to work off #mary Mahoney's and some cocktails before gaming show. At the gym
can I just I love how this convo has developed 5 people lol
Bol too funny.
how are your weiner dogs doing Percy ??
hahah yea same here! Except Jordan hill.
Get it girl ;)
Love is assisted pull ups at home. And tacos.
it's no way girls is in Cali rocking UGGS? 😳And what daisy dukes? 👯
Thanks for the retweet! Have a great Derby weekend
people* still care about the Microsoft user base, for some reason. *people who sell stuff with HTML e-mail
Ah no way! I lived in Prescott for like 8 years, went to college in Flag (NAU), and now I'm in Scottsdale too!
Pissed i fell asleep.. think im bouta go ona mickey ds run..
... probably the only upside to traveling!
Thanks for the RT, Patti! Hope that you have a great day.
I think you should do It Will Rain by Bruno Mars. I think you would kill that song. :)
Uncharacteristically fidgety today. What the heck?
Congratulations on the funding. Best of luck in the future!
you can get me food too if you wanna
Cj Wilson is a little bitch.!
BTW I love your site :-) I just started web design in college along with 3d animation and multimedia
that's good we'll it's even great that u're going to pass :D
bummer - well, send surrogates! : ) Hope the shoot goes well!
u kno it I might b wit #jones 2day
Miss America 2012 oh man the image of America has really changed
Thanks for the Retweets!
Ok I'm listening to Madonna right...I totally fellize how dope she was in the 80s.
having a good morning ^_^
cutest picture! The kids are getting so big - haven't seen you all in a long time. Hope you are well!
Thnx for the mention!
the fighter.
Duh huh!
is learning rodeo lexicon
Oh wow we really do need to find a middle state! lol
Good luck to my favorite roomie best friend at tonight's performance!
#imagen YN: omg mindless beh------------ Prince: just shut up and kiss me ;)
It's every day for my 1 year old! Nice to know my yummy food decisions for him are super healthy ones too! Thanks !
Something about a Scholastic Book Fair that sucks all of the energy out of you
follow back please :)
Happy #winedownwednesday #humpday folks!Weeks halfway over! Getting it in so I can get out of here & watch some games with my #bartab drinks
There is some strange energy in the air today, everyone everywhere seems to be highly volatile.
I think is ignoring me. :(
If you're a cop go eat a dick & die you bitch ass pig
She must me getting in her P90X.
ahahahahaha goodness. Omg I miss you bitch! Wtf
The #1 most in-demand #CleveJob is
He thinks Oswalt isn't an ace, and that its debatable that Happ is better...
Galen, I would like to debate Skip Bayless on First Take. I'm a fan that loves the show. Is it possible?
In 's session w/ & other students about 4 years of dig history , mining ideas for course w/
Project for the rest of the week -- create new library internal doc and teach myself at the same time!
Catskills for the weekend.
I FOLLOWED PLEASE TELL HIM AND PLZ FOLLOW ME
RT Is twitterature really a word? --I don't know but I LIKE IT!
Luke Walton showcasing that j!
i am bored
#Gators pull it off in 11, top UNF 4-3. Zunino drives in the winning run with an RBI double.
no :c
My friends and I would make either 4 or 5! Crap, I don't think I could make it if it's on a weekday. Are those the only days?
Happy Hour is in full-force. Come by and enjoy a hard-earned beverage on our patio this afternoon!
aw fun :) they are perfect, it was the first time I saw them
make sure you get a soft ifb, the hard plastic earpieces are uncomfortable unless they are custom molded.
After being in DC, NYC & Boston, I'm so sad about our below-par public transport in Baltimore.
Time to suck today's dick
Absolutely, always. that'll never change.
OH YEAH. I found my iPod!! 😁
Of course. Finally catching up on things. Are you doing a role in the next LB Shakes play?
Thanks for helping me choose pic's for my new ITUNES single-"Midnight Moon Shadows" (See RORY MAC Facebook) Free music preview in two weeks!
. Perry first needs to beat Cain.
The #Steelers just got their eventual Casey Hampton replacement. Great fourth-round value in Alameda Ta'amu. Ideal 3-4 nose.
liked that movie. good pairing.
U lookin thru those crimson glasses
instagram makes every photo totally awesome! i <3 my iphone camera.
Congrat's to the team for their repeat title win Nerdery's Overnight #WebChallenge, 2nd year running...
listening to my song by boyz ll men & charlie wilson more than you'll ever know <3
Heh. Now if only all politicians came with warranties and money-back guarantees.
sweet! Did your house burn down?
How are you?
yeah yeah.
Omw to get my boys!!
I smell like candy :°>
Nothing wrong with a long, smooth interlude.
Mini concerts happening all over town, anyone else wanna host us?
no way?!? That's awesome!!
one of my residents just saw my warm and fuzzy's and asked what they were…I said they were nice things people wrote me
two cougars were checking me out at WFB city market on sunday. Only weight check in I need.
Have a feeling if I knocked on neighbors' door & said "Hi, I'm here to assert my bacon rights. Please hand over two strips" they'd call cops
Glad you reminded me about that. Just ordered one for myself. Anything with new work needs to be in my hands...now.
Who knew a Penny War, a Dunk Tank & a chance to sink your boss would raise >$1K for ?! Great job /!
Just watched The Princess Bride for the I-don't-know-how-many-th time. First time with , though. :-)
“: Loved it!” at first it seemed predictable but then got so creative. Lots of fresh ideas!
tomorrow night lol her actual birthday is today but the party is tomorrow
definitely. Also first week in march too.
Putting together our application to Materials for the Arts. If you are a #notforprofit ,you should to!
ewww gross Maurice!!!
I'm jealous of the butter beer! I've never had one!
if she roll a good blunt, wife that bitch.
Listening to the show. Where is this supermarket again?! Mazal tov for your new home, neighbor!
Did you know $63748 elephants have me instead of polar bears? O_o
I'm going to be a smartass and call it a morning. Or a weekend.
A special Happy Mothers Day to my mother of almost 20 years the lady I love the most my Mom
adding text to a new website, meeting a client at 4 for a debrief, staying generally busy. :)
Like Eli , I did it
At Q & A, director says "Detroit created the classic American dream, and has proved that dream is not sustainable."
what's your main race again, protoss?
that's a better scenario to b n Bcuz you know bruh so well! If he's feelin u, & u feelin him den I say go 4 it!
I enjoy reading sports-related tweets from !! That's my girl!!
yep. I am no longer green ... Whatever that means!! : )
awesome! What is your favorite so far?
Alright! :) x
Don't forget!!! is having a huge 4th of July sale!!! Go to dannapools.net for great prices!
Thanks so much!
just saw this you can send it to my email if you want and we'll throw it on the show
"Today Was A Good Day" just came on shuffle...
Proverbs 16:3 Commit to the Lord whatever you do and your plans will succeed.
Today has been a long, but great day! So looking forward to what else God has in store for me!
I honestly think my french teacher is putting in F's on purpose because she doesnt like me, and i do all the work
but i look at it this way--this to shall pass. :)
A perfect pairing! RT : Appetizers and cocktails !
Everyone's there for you & !
text me?
The twitter winner for our T-shirt contest is !! Thanks to everyone, you guys are amazing!! Much love, TRT<3
Good to see you Obi!!
“Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.”~Groucho Marx
RT : You don't txt me, I understand. You don't call, I understand. But when I move on I hope you understand!!!"
Thaks for the link! Nice perspective. Pricing fair vs discounting is always a challenge...
You're welcome, congrats on the LEED certification!
Time travel is the key to happiness. Travel into the future, experience the bad parts, and then come back and change them
hope ya find the bear
Just had a little run in with Shia Labeouf at Fedex. Neither of us could figure out why some lady was trying to sell us socks
Well now everyone at school knows im gay. I wonder how many people are gonna approach me about it. -_-
Yes Gil deserves a lot more love!
Garibaldis with my two favs!!! Can't wait to drink some tequila!!!
So what's the etiquette for going into the kitchen to make dinner when my roommate is on a date in the living room?
I am not the bus driver you want to ask directions from today. MKE MCTS. Personal.
Where do you buy fresh truffles?
I'll take one
It's 58 degrees & my co-workers think it's cold out. smh
4:20 FUNNY | Why didn't the chicken cross the road? He was a chicken.
Going to the zoo with the fam today. Trying to make it to cookout too
ONE thing
If your hearts not in it then why be in it?
Self-made men, debunked
We've hit that time of year when I put on my grandma's winter hat and wait for March. Brrr.
but Liam thinks I'm funny so YOLO
are you in Portland? You should look Mark up, he's at Portland State
where u @
ha, sorry to disappoint :)
Khloe Kardashian & Lamar Odom In Near-Fatal Car Crash. Where is Kim's ass when cushion is needed?!
#WeWereCoolUntil U said dat the Thunder Would Get a Sweep Before The Heats
same, you're home for the summer?
Thank you to our ALZ Stars who ran in the Mini today!
#mothers day is coming up!! #anyone have plans for mothers day?? #any good ideas?? #mothers day #breakfast in bed #celebrating mothers day
9,473 in attendance for game 1 of 3 between the White Sox and Tribe
yeah man crazy aint it didn't think she was cut throat but I didn't put it past her
"He is not the God of the dead, but of the living, for to him all are alive.” Luke 20:38
Finally going to sleep. I don't want to go to work tomorrow...
made some updates to the twitter page, we've got a new design up!
Is it just me or has ted nugent gone completely bat shit crazy??
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
oh god, you're right. heaven forbid it be a boy car.
is dedicating this morning to playing with Flypaper and reading about e-learning and libraries.
He also showed me his #Brewers shirt today and whispered, "I don't like basketball. I like baseball." Of course.
Oh well she finna have to wake here 3 months old ass up!
I need a nano watchband. recommendations?
Happy to be doing tech for
Belly dance to good health
dude I just got here i'm gonna be here for at least another hour.
Planning a wedding? Let the staff at Details help you plan all your pre-wedding and wedding day appointments. Call Michelle at 619-222-6777
If Photography can capture one moment of pure beauty, just imagine how cinema is a string of those moments...the possibilities...
How was dinner last night? Were you celebrating Valentine's Day? :)
yeah good point!
#WhatTomWouldDo Save our state from a Koch addiction.
we're the ones that produced Bossmade. You killed it!
Look, they never proved that gym teacher did anything wrong. RT : Break lines? Skipped the lesson on homophones?
What does" I will stomp a mudhole in your ass" mean anyway?Same thing as "IF you piss me off i will put my foot up your ass"?
its pointless to grow out my nails, they always end up breaking when i play. anyways.
Im too fucking nice, I cant stand it.
it will soon come :)
OMG...just realized and can prove our banking system is corrupt. We didn't borrow money from them, they created because of us!
John mayer born & raised and Valet mag in the morning. So Americana.
listened to Sports Central tonight. Had to hear how the #Packers fans felt 1 day later. Good therapeutic session. Pack will be back.
Preparing to take the stage in Winter Garden, Florida
It's Earth Day, everyone should be playin' outside with us! And clean up after yo'self.
