I just cracked my window so I could hear the thunderstorm outside... bring on the rain! :)
same goes with me! I'm not always with him.. I'm always at work is what it is!
Tweeting is lame xD
If there were actually decent guys at my school i would try to build a relationship! But for now the only guys in my life are
"if I had a penny for every time I think of you, I would be a millionaire!"
through my window while driving on 183 yesterday
At Sundara celebrating one year wedding anniversary
I really don't want to report on that guy...
seriously! The rain an people were crazy
Learn about the history and excitement the MKE Braves had here and the world of baseball. "Braves New World" airs tonight at 11 on MPTV 10.
I went yesterday and I'm going again tomorrow!
So on fire and so in love that look in your eyes that i miss SO much . Remind me (: Remind me (:
I Hate my Face. Yup. that's accurate.
too many randos in my dream last night.
Apologies don't always work.
Why thank you :)
When is it?
Glad we could help! :)
Fox news never talks about foxes.
#Starbucks French Roast is definitely tasting like a Guinness this morning.
We hear ya! - The B Side RT : Would that all musical theatre was so transformative for so many.
probably outside on the stepss. x
Marquette looking good. Beat Georgetown at home then win 2 in New York. I smell a 2 seed!
School 3 sundays in a row...smh!! 2 more weeks!!
Sumtimes I think Less ppl den i thought give a fuck about me...
“When I decided to be a singer, my mother warned me I’d be alone a lot. Basically we all are. Loneliness comes with life" Whitney Houston
Members Card Heat over 185 (50 units)
I think I just spent over half my week working on a spine label printer problem. Anyway, new printer in place.
Thanks to Mayor Michael Byrne of Parma Heights for his endorsement for me to be the next CC Prosecutor
My capacity and propensity for procrastination is immense and fueled by social media as well as the weather.
So weird to see Arrowhead set up for a concert. I'm so excited for Kenny Chesney concert!!
sure why not
yeah I'm fine. Thanks! Tell your mom I said Happy Moher's Day :)
just resent
For the love of God, can't my life just be good already...oh of course not. Cuz my life is supposed to be a living hell.
Me and are good bed partners. #isthatwerid? (:
Stop on your right DONT FORGET ITT.!!!!!!!!!
No worries :P
congrats just saw you backstage, shaking haha. :) party at your house.
I Just Told A Friend Madonna Died. He FREAKED Out Bad. I Think He Almost Cried.
“: #NowFollowing Let's make some moves someday!!!” CHURCH!
I just seen that damn tweet that nigga sent that shit u no he got this password with his
RT RT : US rank 4 #women in national legislatures tied with that democracy, Turkmenistan/We can do better.
This weather makes me so happy.
I think most crimes of murder are some kind of hate; even the media has to teach hate before wars, to drum up some kind of hatred for enemy?
Awesome. I love Sherlock too, just not with the fire of a thousand suns like Doctor Who. Thanks!
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. ~ Thomas Edison
No vote will create uncertainty - Bruton. Which is worse, certain fate or uncertain future?
About to go outside and enjoy the sun that seems to be inconsistent lately. Think I'll listen to some Eastern influenced music. Sounds great
Q; Best Friend? A; AUBREY MARIE!<3 SHE'S A BABE YES YOU.
Barrel aged beer night amongst friends. Sours, stouts, yum. Magic beer spells were thrust into gullets + admired with writhing tongues.
someone to sacrifice on a friendly clunk on Ryan Braun!!!!
Who knew that i would get 70 more followers just by talking to Geno?
Just got dirty look for ordering in english.
Pool party bound
're all booked up for volunteers today. thanks for asking though!
How can the league namesake have the worst football broadcasts?
i love that you always give your honest opinion. And i would love if you would give my friend a listen
Trip to FL = booked. See you June 1st cuz!!!!
i have never seen a police pickup truck--until today. some places don't play about their trucks, good lawd...
fox fantasy football rankings
Don't miss that #milliondollaragent on #milliondollarlisting tonight!!
yes,of course ;)
obviously he was confused
Thanks for RT. Folks will have to sign up for free to read it but interesting new social media site
Similar pointers for new indie game studios? Anybody? Anybody? Anybody? *in the tone of "Bueller... Bueller... Bueller..."*
am also following
Love your #CodeIgniter book. Minor typo on page 66 for your errata page: strotolower instead of strtolower
listening to this #IWG3 by shawn chrystopher and i have to say i'm
peanut butter cruch doe
I'm really listening to this jb song
Damn I wish I could have taken some home.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's out there.
Love ya all
OK, Rush, just checked. has 28,500+ tweets. Now that you're here...it's time to play catch-up!! :)
Still recovering from The Actors Network's amazing holiday bash last night. Good people, good music, good time.
Dallas and Texas won, waiting on the Lakers and Giants to do their thang, for another perfect night.
"WILL PUBLISH FOR ICE CREAM!" That's what I would scream for ice cream... Cool off and grab a treat in the Expo Hall! #pbc12 Enjoy!
Watching Royals/Chargers match online. Looks like the Chargers are taking this one.
In Philz coffee, next to one person talking on their cell, and another watching loud videos. I'm talking about you,
When I heard your music I jumped out of my chair. Welcome back.
improve your network security and accessibility with Lithium Networks today!
Scared for 3 Regents coming up... English Regents: I dont read books so im totally fucked History: not good with dates and names Science:D
every day is a great day to wear jeans:)
well good, in an effort to be less boring we're going to Italy for 3 weeks and leaving Davis with you and Harms... enjoy!
I know, right?!? I hope you enjoyed at least one dinner/lunch during the week.
"I may not always love you, but long as there are stars above you - You never need to doubt it." ::the beach boys::god only knows::
I hope I fall in love with someone I can grow old with <3
little rock, AR. Pretty close to Dallas
“: Damn Mater Glee for taking Jenny away from me this weekend 😡”
dam, some ihop would go down right now
Home again, getting lots of kitty love. NYC was super fun, but I'm glad to be home. Bring on the week!
Ready for tomorrowww :)
thanks for the follow
Shirts and Skins? Lol
i could lend you half... ;)
It's April 5th in Uganda & our Ladies will be spending the day without shoes! a #daywithoutshoes Excited for photos!!
Thanks for the mention! Have a terrific Tuesday!
RT : Guess What? #TRIPLECOUPONS Are Back – Starting 5/16/12, we will triple your #coupons up to 99¢. Limit 20 coupons per day
Amazing Evaluation of Natural Breast Enhancement Products? #Redeye ????
you were there too? We missed each other! lol
please share
you think you can text me and expect everything to be okay?
Our Las Vegas students are the best. Check us out for Guitar & Piano lessons. www.hansonmusicstudios.com Big fall push is on!
Your Time is Now! Happy Friday ;-)
being a man of balance, I usually go for both.
Thanks for the shout out. Share the video with your friends.
Headed over to Las Vegas Lamborghini to get some new pads on the ride. Should be fun in this weather........
Goodnight beautiful people ;)
We've worked out the kinks in your DNA; sayonara, kid, have a nice day... -Warren Zevon
where in ab are you? and dont worry, you live in the best city on the planet haha
Shouts out to RT
Yess, best song to sing along to also lol
Thanks for the mentions and support!
Boy boy boy sound check!!!!!
I know. I am with you
The Goat is hosting a benefit for Paige Haas, a close friend w/ Leukemia Sun Oct 25 3-9! $10 entry gets you food, drink, music, & more!
Mornin' Friday,I've been waiting for ya'! Big story today:students in big trouble after posting gang initiation on web. We have live reports
He'll always be Mr. Irrelevant to me ...
We're out at 14th and U with rhubarb pie, kale quiche and asparagus quiche. Come on down!
just finished my 2nd bottle of
At this time of day? On a Friday? Damn the #Enterprise could orbit the earth before it gets a gate at JFK.
future personal assistant queen of RnB and best singer of all time ... he is my idol
im holdin my niggas down son.
The day i had today like omg is all I can say
So, has been popping up in my dreams very frequently lately. Does this mean I'm going to meet him soon????
She was a seasoned activist. Did you see her LinkedIn page?
Come follow us on FB for coupons, info & more. If you need cell phone/pager repairs, we have in-house repairs. 10% off to Twitter fans.
no you just made me think of him. How he claims to love socks. Haha
Don't use that as an excuse but I feel you! Lol!
dude...I would never do that. I'm staying, I just need more money.
Music can bring back so many memories....good or bad.
Fuck I'm so hungry
Friend is like a pencile colour. May b i am not ur favriout colour. But I hope u will need me somewhere to complete ur drawing.
Officially booked for the Mad Love music fest at Sawyer point on Sat, May 26th. We'll have tickets for sale, let us know if you need one!
To make a mountain of your life is just a choice- Nada Surf :)
Everytime I get a strep test.. "you're really good at not gagging!" lolol
oh my goodness Marci, these Hirschberg interviews are incredible. Thank you for sharing!
good to see you! Why aren't we political consultants?
When My Legs Falls Asleep. <<<
RT Happy Good Friday. we will be delivering with our same schedule this holiday weekend. Don't forget when you want food fast & hot. Call Us
not jealous jus glad it's not me
We hope everyone has a very nice holiday weekend!
That is really really good!
Have you ever asked yourself how come you're so quick to believe in the Devil but hesitate to believe in God?
Show yourself in all respects to be a model of good works. Show integrity, dignity, and sound speech that cannot be condemned.
Respiratory infections in childhood may increase the risk of chronic bronchitis in adult life.
thank you!!
happy mothers day TINA!! #POW! LMAO
After one glance at this planet, any visitor from outer space would say "I Want to Meet THE MANAGER."
Yeap! Right on! :)
"fearless is back with a vengeance" NOgoodDEED is an "intellectually stimulating ride" -
I made upi this one dance called the grampa dance hahahaha ITS TO FUNNY XD! I SHALL POST A VID OF ME DANCEING LOL WHILE HANNAH IS RECORDING
Dude you're 12 stop acting like you're the shit. Act you're age, why grow up so fast? There's no rush.. -.-
The guy who carded me was young enough to be my kid... :)
I'm waiting for you to follow me, but that's not gonna happen so... :c
ROCK CHALK!!!!!!!!!!!!! Pulled it off, saving brackets across the country!
Another Friday, another afternoon spent playing with the Chipotle calorie calculator...
Just woke up feeling great ! Love having no exams today 😉
so that's why ur finally posting instagram pics to instagram and not twitter only..yay welcome to the iPhone club.. Boo Wessy-Poo!
I just got one last month. LOVE IT!!
Right? Ugh. I read AFTER I ordered & paid that they'll make them with 1/2 sugar. Too late for me... (No next time, either.)
Those who say "Fuck Bitches, Get Money" usually don't have either
Is it weird that I like reading about serial killers? Doing research for my next novel.
ii do to,to keep my self busy ; && den im tired askinqq ppl for money.. smhh lol
What bands/artists are you guys digging right now? We're always looking for some new music! (We like to have office dance parties)
TFN President Kathy Miller will be live on CNN during the noon hour (central time) to discuss the "One State Under God" license plate.
Nope, but that's an EXCELLENT IDEA. -_-
That is an adorable profile pic. I am being serious...it really is.
« I've mistaken love for lust before, but I won't make that same error twice.»
rebooting our website
P.S. always looking for feedback on it, so would love your thoughts!
thanks so much! It was a lot of fun! Nick and Ashley's tables were beautiful!
#12 what is your favorite ABDC7 crew so far? If you have one(:
DAMN!!! That's hot!
#SOCAPsoul finding meaning in work, money and life
Are you sure? That's not what he told me.
A customer just asked for At Day's Close: Night in Times Past by A Roger Ekirch. Sounds absolutely fascinating!
yep me too
Thanks! And I'll take whatever blessing I can get! :)
Three finals down, last one in two hours!
please RT follow if u love Nsn And U are A fanss <3 make it 1000 followerss please guy!!:)
Taking it one day at a time, one hour at a time
She asked me the weirdest question ever o.o
#Iwannagiveashoutoutto (She's an amazing singer <3 :) )
#aslachat don't forget to share age of nonfiction with admin, they are listening right now
happy birthday!
RT :hate when they do that without asking!!! Just registered with Twellow, the Twitter yellow pages.
So I've decide that is my only option to marry right now
Re-member, there is nothing in the world that does not speak to us
err bummer
#Meetup Hangout +? Never done that before. Thanks
: you never know which interview will lead you to your next manager and who will be motivating you once you are hired
Did you receive the song??
Love your new photo!!!
I just love being at my new house lol!!!!
look forward to working with y'all on another great event and checking out the new
is that a snapback on yo profile picture
Thanks for RTs, Dan!
I know it's sounds ridiculous, but any chance we'll ever see Spartacus outtakes?
New York beat Miami, so torn!
wishing i had lady gaga tix. i'm so missing out tonight and tmw night
"Jazz is a music made by and for people who have chosen to feel good in spite of conditions." ~Johnny Griffin
Suggs, on ESPN, on if he likes opening with Cincy and ending with Cincy: "Nah. I would rather not start w/ them nor go on the rd in wk 17."
Telecommuters are made of words that start with 'self' ...motivated, organized, etc. #erl12 per
Just created a 4 gallons of "Split Pea Soup" colored paint! We are selling it for $20.00 If interested in purchasing call us 404-997-8011 RT
Some great saves tonight Mr. Puma!
Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys dies at 47
Oomf laughed at me one day for listening to Justin Bieber , i was like BITCH .
good for you sounds like a bad habit
So excited about this study! I love acupunture and really think it helps :) Thank you Cary from for helping me out
#AskAlexConstancio Will you and EVER make Cool Morning 3??? <33
nice video g
Is having first Entwine rehearsal tonight. If you are interested in joining the project come join us tonight at Hot Yoga DC at 6pm.
if so can i have all your money and your bitches?
Superbowl tomorrow! Who's your pick this year?
I think I'm missing the basic premise of this whole #MendotaBlue thing. Are the blue chairs appearing/reappearing tied to donations?
would you since I live so close to you
Yeah I am wearing a sweater when it's 70 degrees, what's it to ya?
Changing my name...BRB
Whoa! You're moving?!
I have seen what a laugh can do. It can transform almost unbearable tears into something bearable, even hopeful. - Bob Hope
I wonder if I'll witness a Republican using facts in my lifetime...
“: RT : My problem is I don’t like working out in front of people or when I’m alone.” that is so me! Lol
La Mega los vemos el Domingo !!!
I just want to be happy '!
There is something extra special about you. Something extraordinary. Now all you have to do is believe it, and watch what happens next! ~RM
Congratulations to Floyd Mayweather. He won a good fight..but most of all we love you even more Cotto! U r still our champion!
i need beats for my new album...
I heard! I wish there were streams, the blue clay looks sick!
Nadav-Manes- rely on the history with your vendor when setting up #pdaebook profiles
your welcome! But im from philly!
Anybody else used to ride in the way back little compartment of a VW bug when you were a kid?
If you spell come, cum, I will not take you serious.
Need motivation? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club Membership
Proud to be the new San Diego Populist Examiner! Check me out :)
Was inspired to start Bags for Bliss upon hearing about a Pakistani girl who pretended to be a boy in order to go to school. >
Ah...bookings, logistics, it is like having your attention spread all over time!
Really glad instagram isn't twitter because "dogs sleeping on the couch" would be a pretty boring top trending topic after a while.
Hey :) We have very affordable web leads for design and marketing. Email me Risa [@] econsultingnetwork.net.
I fuckin love me
I DID IT!! It felt amazing!! Proficiencies are OVER!! Now just feedback tonight :) So proud of myself 👏
well let me know where you are headed!
I've been asleep!
Which is a lot since I got a smart phone
yo whats good bro? I'm just on tour bout to play a show tonight in Santa Rosa.
Thanks for the RT!
Katherine, thank you for writing about the Global Internet Speedup effort.
RT : There is no justice in this world, fortunately however, there IS
RT : Focus on effort, not winning. #NAPFA2012 Process can be controlled. Outcome cannot. Focus on what you can control.
Here is my wish list...# Citrix, #Cisco, #VMWare,# Exchange, #ActiveDirectory, #.Net, #PHP, #Oracle,# ETL.... these are all basic skills I …
we all knew except for tyler!
I am here.... Waiting. for the party lol
St. Patty's day on a Saturday? Chaos. Be safe Madison.
wanna check out some good music?!
and increasing the levels of Omega 3 with Rejuvenis Krill Oil has positive effects against memory loss
Agreed. MMA isn't a fad. Low PPV buys don't signal a return to the pre-TUF era. Only that Brock Lesnar didn't fight this year.
The good news is that students can use pseudonyms on Twitter, so you can require its use.
oh hush. :) You've grown up if anything!
Been on Constitution for hour and a half
hope you got an A parking pass, which by the way isn't a permit so much as a license to hunt for a parking spot! Where is your office?
OMG!!! I'm so excited that you are on here!!! who hooo!!!! hey sissy!
Already switched over to the Miss America Pageant..
I would imagine that it's all in how you spin it.
It's a good day for Mexican food with the media team.
God Bless Them
Don't complain that they dont treat you like number 1 if you always smell like number 2 >.<
. he looks freakishly and hilariously like a sort of gone to seed Dieter. remember Sprockets?
Dear everyone: Happy Cinco De Mayo !!
They do have a Twitter that hasn't be updated since 2010.
Respect has a value. It's worth more then the little bit of money you might make losing it.
Just saw man with crucifix tie and Broncos '98 Super Bowl champs jacket. Guy was blending Jesus and Denver football before it was trendy.
RT : Designing for Happiness! RT : Most important metric in family tech - HAPPINESS. CC
Right back Attcha Girly!!! XD Someday we shall meet in the flesh and go stalking for real!!! ;p
ok fine with me!
Hi Mia! Thanks, great to hear! :) I agree, Geocoded Art is a nifty idea
The final concert for stunningly successful duo Brooks & Dunn is set for 7:30 tonight at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tenn.
When it seems like that creepy guy is following you and you realize he lives next door
Who will you see at #SportsExposDen ? and more!
Anyone? RT : anyone need a ticket to The Weeknd tonight? or 4?
hahah your right ! But sleeping sounds so good right now.
That's your babe?
haha I meant your friend along with Luis :p
haha It's supposed to be in the high 70's all weekend here in New Hampshire 90 degree weather on Monday. No hoodies here!
Um I just remembered I was chosen to be a Purple People Eater in grade school. My outfit was fab.
Just checked them out, love what they did for "The Birds"
Happy Thanksgiving! What is your favorite (or least favorite) Thanksgiving food?
to further prove your point, please see She would agree with you!
I'm what you want, I'm what you need
nope.just daves.
Learn to drive its just snow
RIP Jim Marshall..he made such a contribution. thx Jim! I hve an Artist 4203-tubed tht kicks some ass 4 a lil one ;)
i like somehow swallowed my burp.... and then I like burped internally..... it was weird........
would vote #LouisCKforPresident yes?
what do you guys think... google+ just launched brand pages; is it just another thing to manage or something we should get in on?
Who do you want to see featured on Empiresteals.com? If you're an entrepreneur or internet marketer, tell us which deals you'd like to see
Hey how are you doing??
oh no...your brother was probably the most interesting part of that town...
brrruuuhhhh im broke as fuck. I didnt get my mom anything :/
RT : My kids will be humble, yet aware of their beauty. On the inside and out.
if Obama cared about food he would not have appointed a monsanto lawyer for his cabinet!
EVERYONE HAVE A HAPPY HOILDAY AND BE SAFE!!!
Applying the final touches for #exciting ARE YOU READY?!?!?!?
#dh folk - what would you recommend as examples of DH projects that are interdisciplinary with a field outside of the humanities?
OMG - He is doing too much. I'm with you...quiet commute. Hope it gets better.
Yes we ship to Canada send us an email to with your address so we can give you a quote Thanks
What R the privacy implications of online tracking of consumer behavior?
Thank you!
No. DO IT!
Great day to be outside! Sunny and 70's forecasted!
good idea!!
Sitting with some twits, so thought i'd tweet...
for sure ;-) bff
Welcome To My Life love that Simple Plan songg
He said, You're really agreeable. I said, Yeah. She said, You're contrarian. I said, No I'm not. ("I contain multitudes")
I am determined to go to Priscilla and get a picture with you before it closes!! xo
lemon cucumbers?! They are so awesome!
"We are fortunate to live in interesting times... We are fortunate to live in interesting times..." Repeat! Stay positive tweeters.
Just located our missing toddler blankie thanks to my "Find It" labels from THANK YOU Oliver's Labels!!!
Will you be doing 5th Sunday in May? (Memorial Day weekend) Maybe I can get my fam up early enough doc come down while on sabb
True. Alex is our best friend w/ IBS! RT : I love you. You're my favorite place to pee AND poop in the city.
I've not zip lined since the army and I loved it.
Allright.. I'm on here. Excited yet? ;O)
Thanks for the RT's !
What you need to understand is I will always be right and you will always be wrong dont fight it there is notning you can do #whachugondo?
Takes about 7 years to get a 7 ft tree. Hit the stump against the ground a couple of times and rinse it. Removes pollen,bugs,eggs and more!
did not see that coming on #idol!
hiya:) Follow back?:-)<3
Much appreciation for the follwow :-)) Have a great Friiday!!
We love music!
No, Not trading any Cavs own future picks.
Just found our building, and any donations can help. Please email me at . Thanks again.
Getting ready for Thursday nights show at Club Bart in ferndale,mi
Just watched J. William Worden, Ph.D, get a lifetime achievement award at #ADEC association of death education and counseling conf Atlanta.
Whoot whoot --) ": Got awarded a grant I worked my butt off to write."
everything was reduced to work, his work
Then the world needs more folks like you! :)
So excited for bed. Holiday party weekend number 1 down. Only a few more to go!
OF COURSE NOT!!! Just kidding I followed you(;
South of downtown, southeast of Ghadafi's compound.
Had a great time at Taste Washington today--hundreds of wineries and restaurants exhibiting. Big crowds, lots of fun.
Happy Passover, Happy Easter, and 3 cheers for the weekend!
going to a concert and hopefully stay up all night.
Just thinking I don't encounter the same kind of glitching/hacking in Madden as in CoD multiplayer.
Great meeting you at the AMA gifting suites!
I'm honored that you are following me.
Chun: the "On the internet, nobody knows you're a dog" version of web is passe. Now it's all abt authentic FB-verified identity
Yeah, cause its always my fault. -__- fucccccck doing anything for you.
#youknowyoughettowhen you get a box of Swishers for Christmas!
Off to PA to celebrate our wonderful volunteers , these wonderful people give their time and talents, they are a treasure.
RT if you dig PUNK ROCK!
Man that sounds amazing!
Rainy days make my mood go bleh. Taking a test for 3 hours, sounds fun!!!
One of my friends passed away last night and i was wondering if you could retweet this to show your love. #RIPadrian Thanks.
How do you think I feel when I see the video??? SO HOT
happy easter!!! i love yu! i wish yu would follow me on here please
last night they said u can use any pics. Those given were examples. :) Good luck <3
real shit if I can't get out of here I might come to volleyball but I dnt have any clothes
Do I need to buy an tshirt to wear instead of my ? It would probably look good next to my shirt.
Very nice! Im sure you could do a better job than they are doing.
the sexy sax man was on america's got talent
Just made chocolate raspberry hangover crepes. I don't know if they actually helped, but they were delicious.
i haven't had a Facebook in so long .. which is a good thing lol
Insane game .. Finished #OT strong ..hops they come out fresh in #2ndOT ..let's go #BlueShirts #NYR!
Well I'm not going to school today 😃
These images of #1940census are great!
Gonna check out my bud's indoor drumline today. It's been a while since I stood in front of one, pretty excited to help his talented group!
Hi Kelli Ever have a pt. with a wish look UNITY up we are here in SW PA too. I just wrote a new hospice book interested in reading
My parents are seriously useless human beings anything I say they don't give a shit now I have decided I'm leaving for school
The weather is just right this morning
Austin is sad. He needs a girlfriend. I'm single, Austin?(':
: Thanks so much for the #FF shout-out!
Sounds like DVD's rule with you and hey that works just fine. Love movies and more movies.
Good luck on your interview.
she has a twin? who is that & ya know its not nice to ignore ppl...but im not sayin that i would like really care..
Thanks & for the RT and for spreading the word about #OurSDVision!
Learned about the latest updates on the APA/ASPPB/APAIT Telepsychology Taskforce.Great to hear that guidelines are being developed.
- come to - Oct 15 - Halloween Costume Dance Party at the Backbar
I have alot of absences and I haven't finished compass
then you have me -the dope- who listens to TRS, BC, ATL, NSN, and everyone at your school looks at you like an alien
Coco Chanel said "A women who doesn't wear perfume has no future." - what's your favorite summertime scent?
We're open till 9! Come on by!
I'm gonna miss my dvr when I'm in Norway. Just sayin'.
Montana photographer Peter Kearns' 'people' image been chosen by Fox Networks to advertise TV show 'True Blood'
Some people's immaturity level is pre-school. And wonder why they alwaya havin problems
How many people here have telekenetic powers? Raise my hand
Saw Kevin on the metro ^.^
no sir, its a good thing!
IMHO "It comes with data" will be slogan for physical objects with metadata that automatically enters your PDS. Thx
Do you think Bob Gibson would have thrown into the Met dugout in order to plunk David Wright?
4 day weekend!!!
Chinese and movie night
idk just a normal convo I guess haha, she's super nice though :)
#LeePelton - we must have the moral courage to respect each other
me please!(:
last year at this time, i was counting down the year long wait to europe. now it's just 4 days away. jddjfjsjdjjdjsjdjd <3
"So wait, Tyler Durden was the bad guy, or the good guy?" "Well, yes and no." - Bynum and Gasol, just now, on the bench.
We still have some bulbs for sale today! Stop in and buy some spring color!
If you want to know how much your #book is worth, tweet us the ISBN and we will let you know!
: Thanks for the shout out! Wait. Is that one or two words? Anybody? Bueller?
Since Justin Bieber got #16millionbeliebers you KNOW he's about to get high..hahaa ;D withit.
Would love to have been in locker room during halftime...completely different Badger team in 2nd half.
Glenn Close makes a better Yentl
dance moms <3 i love brooke
When my boyfriend remembers things that i said weeks ago >>>>
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.-- Ralph Blum
RT if you going to
burned 303 calories doing 45 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
how'd our thing come out? Just wondering!
hey guys, I've been super busy this week w/ sxsw, #facesinthefloor cd relase + Let's talk SCENE STAND asap tho
I've said it before and I'll say it again... Best part about being a meth addict - only one sleep until Christmas
Sources tell CCTV America that there is no official word yet from DPRK regarding the launch.
where's ?
I know the answer to everything: Weed.
Bad accident on northbound Edens just north of Old Orchard. Back up building.
They should have awards for people who never change their avi and one for someone who changes their avi everyday.
I'm thinking and are going to have SICK games this week. Just a hunch!
love it!
One of the best pests exterminators in Atlanta - - tinyurl.com/3yc2on4
pretty sure i said that first
I started throwing things & I scared folks half to death I got up in his face smelled whiskey on his breath, 3 days
Hey I heard u were a wild one....
That's disappointing. RT The #Blackhawks have relieved Assistant Coach Mike Haviland of his coaching duties. Super nice guy.
I feel so stupid!! Idk what happens! :( I feel sad and depressed
Not having money is the root of all evil
official date Miserable End September 30, 2011 The Whiskey A Go Go. Need confirmations!
Patriots game with so many people I love!
She makes me want to do better......
Afternoon sexy :)
important side note. do you have a preference for a working term? or is it a set of terms that suggest development?
You're the best - hope you enjoyed Episode 2!
Ooh, I'm seeing "Cabin in the Woods" tonight! Cannot wait.
MAKE YOUR FREE THORWS!!!
But i kept smoking through it and am feeling much better today(:
stop your tears!! :) and kill em with kindness!! :) #yougotthis!!
Thanks for spreading the word Claudine!
This week&#39;s new film events
yeah don't go there, people steal iphones.
Todays pizza is... Mozzarella, Pancetta, Pepperoni, Salami, Fresh Black Pepper, Red Sauce. Enjoy it for $12 plus free ravioli!
"Partner" and "lover" used to be perfectly good words. Today, you need to watch how you use them.
It's nice to experience the practical and professional applications for twitter first hand. I think I may have caught
I miss him...
Darwin Barney with a web gem!
scary that the guys with depression didnt play in the era of lineman built like mack trucks, the future is scary
Great tribute! RT : Yesterday we lost our friend and voice, Carl Beane. Tonight, PA mic will be silent in his memory.
dang my friend u have a lot of tweets! ;)
I think this might be ur best song yet! Just cause theres so much meaning as love behind it!
Better living through denial.
In my opinion, today's short squeeze in the US equities was evidence that Friday's lows are a major support level. I like BIDU and REV here.
is conducting a live town hall meeting via phone line right now. I listening in with 13000+ other people in our new district 24
teehee What's your grade in math?
...I dont like hearing what I "should" do, especially before my coffee. , teach this infidel proper manners.
You still in Australia? I always have found that I react to news from home with more passion when I'm away. Love/hate.
I don't know if that's a reason to move your startup. Especially when the NYPD lost because of tech improvements.
Am digging #RFF with the family. Gergeous weather. Cool Tibetan monks singing. Next is Persian percussion, I think.
Practicing good business - The Decatur Daily
Just went to an ice cream social at lunch...I love my job!!! Happy Friday!
If it was a particularly tasty cat toy, sure :-)
Have you seen those girls with the tic from Le Roy HS on #Today Show? I have a feeling they read THE CRUCIBLE in 10th grade...
Sailing by San Quentin. How did a prison get some of the best waterfront property in the bay area?
Thanks for the retweet! Glad you enjoyed it!
The White Sox are wearing red not black today. Guess we should be happy they're wearing sox at all.
Looking at the program... My great nephew is graduating with honors...: ) #McKinley SH 97th commencement exercises
RT : "Text mining promises huge economic and research benefit, but... barriers are limiting its use, says JISC report."...
Nice "Summertime" video!
Warren- I'm cooking up a new play with you involved. How good are your streaking abilities? Need a decoy for Ngata going deep.
This might be the year i look for my QUEEN TO BE
me: i have to pee. parents: why didn't you go before we left!? me: i didn't have to before we left...
Can't believe its been 9 months since and I began dating. He's so lucky to have me ;) lolzjk. I'm so f'n lucky. Love you darlin'
1 PERSON FOLLOW HURRY IM CHECKING!!
Thanks for the RTs =)
What helps you clear your mind?
oh i see.. u shud visit Mangalore/Udupi at least once in ur lifetime. It is a life changing experience..
haha:) san diego you?
Hey i didn't know that. Congrats!!!!! Let me know if you need any help with your planning.
lol. You are wild.
the 1,400th tweets goes to <3 amazing people, follow them.
you were the best and dirtiest dunker of all time!
good morning
figure out a new plan 2 get sympathy biscuits.
April Fools Today!!
Grass cut!
The movie?
All the events have been so much fun lately! See you soon! #ABQ #Nightlife #NM #TeamFollowBack!
ten for dudes ladies free
Our teachers have individual prof learning goals. We've seen HUGE growth; my goal is to provide more support
Watching Tough Love: New Orleans
“ Hey, Jared Allen ... scoreboard.”
How much is too much coffee in one day? Wake up, Wake up!
Thanks a million! feedback noted :)
always great chatting with my bro.
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust8728
It's just a photo app.
Auto-shorten fail.
#NowDrinking: Batch 19, a Wisconsin smooth lager. Damn good beer
. ok...you're really making me want to buy that jean jacket!:) Looks great on you!
love u babe miss u mwah
Hey LA, thinking about doing a screening in you. Thoughts on good places to show it?
Hitting my wall at work. Too bad I have 3.5 more hours. Hoping my boy bands playlist will help increase energy.
oh my goshh ! He's just so pretty bruhh !
we're too miserable
She tweets!
I have that problem when sexting #moodkiller RT Dude, if you're gonna IM me, type faster that 5 wpm.
all I need is a couple more weeks and I'll be gone.
"Your former teen-age crush." Yup. is now on Twitter. #rarebooksforcelebrities?
pretty soon he will be chasing pacha around the yard
Ooh! This is my favorite commercial! :P
when?where can I hear it?
Today I'm designing websites!
HAHA , i have something real funny to tell you lol(; <3
who's filming?
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 6 Washington Redskins 17 6:43 in 3rd #buccaneers #redskins #nfl (Via )
I am so tired.
my fantasy baseball bench/disabled list keeps growing every day. welcome, torii hunter & matt kemp.
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing mothers out there! May today and everyday be special and filled with love :)
"Man becomes great exactly in the degree in which he works for the #welfare of his fellow #men."
Belafonte cites the legacy of Guthrie, Robeson & Seeger to introduce Tom Morello.
I can't find my West Side Story Playbill and it's not in my binder guys it's missing
yeah she made out with miles for his t shirt when we played Springwater.
I'd cuss out a squirrel for eating his nuts too close to me.
ITS GONA BE CRAZY MARCH 31 IN THE MIXX EMPIRE get at me 4 info
Don't have much & never ask for anything. All I have are memories & few ppl in my heart.
--- Thanks for the RT!
On the 3rd day, Jesus rose from the grave & administered a standardized test to hold his disciples accountable.
I can't imagine being tackled by any of them!
Living in Austin = never having to use the sock drawer.
that awesome Lucia! You too!
All my followers can yall follow plz!!:))
Mowing Grass = Just Got Darker. Lmao ;p
We may not like it, but sometimes we have to get out side of our comfort zone & see the bigger picture.
Reconsider lol RT Nope still wide awake lol ": looks like the laker fans on my timeline went to bed early as fuck"
Who gets stoned and jumps in the pool ay 8:30 in the morning!?! That's right! I do!!!!! yayayayay
Fuck I'm tired
OMG SOA IS PLAYING NOAH GUNDERSON FOR THE 2ND TIME IN SEASON FOUR. YES
A friend in AL has lost her home and most of her pets to the awful tornadoes. Her husband managed to find 1 guinea pig alive in the debris.
We're super excited for Dracula as well! It'll be a 2 week run right around Halloween... kind of perfect timing~
Hunger Games!!!
Geez ... the feathers on that turkey look strangely similar to the feathers on that Falcon on your avatar!
Feeling honored to have been asked by to present our #mobile strategy at their web & mobile summit in April!
Hey idiots... Its favre not farve... And yes, as a die hard packers fan, he is an asshole... But he's the greatest one ever... Let it go!!!
Awesome. I'm going to try one soon!
Sometimes texting is like talking to a brick wall...
I think you have been hacked; change your password.
I will always work on the next big internet idea, but I was actually thinking of opening a mexican restaurant with pops in MD.
today is a once in a 4 year day. what I do will be burried in time for the next 4 years.
I've ran into burning buildings with shot collapsing to TAKE lives.
The cupcake winner will be announced within the hour. There's still a chance to win by RTing our previous tweet.
Follow the BlueMonster Staff on Twitter, and
How cute were BIG TIME RUSH boys on ? YAY !
What are you thankful for today?
Please tell me the Matthew Timberlake illustration was shown…the frog-splayed man drawing.
I love the hard rock!
Damn I can't sleep mind running a 100
Mothers day shopping with my dad. It would be so much easier if my mom wasnt the biggest tom-boy ever.
Check your messages
I second that idea RT : ": please convince Howie to have an all day marathon of your prank phone calls.
OUR PARADE!!!! Buahahaha
One of my favorite stories of the year airs tonight. We call it "An Old Fashioned Rescue, The Sequel." So inspiring. 9 pm on FOX9.
They're playing #SaySomethin omg
I'm so jealous, your really pretty lol. (not in a creeper way ! )
Is just the most adorable thing ever. Now all the other little babies are ugly. I feel sorry for my cousins baby...oh well...
At Archives on the go session #saa11 using mobile technologies
Valencia is staying I guess?
And eating actual fruit.. Is way better and healthier than drinking fruit juices.
And you thought we were done! New updates and the second installment of SNN coming in January!
Jew better not get rid of it
About to show "The Godfather" with Kimberly Peirce at The Music Box for The Film That Changed My Life.
I know :/ Text me and I'll explain
agreed... Not good in terms of Marta's opinion
I'm 6 yrs old and on Fri (taping thurs) Im Avail for yr show-could b yr first 6 yr old to get a standingO-let me know
I am actually NOT as excited for school starting as I thought/hoped I'd be....bummer
I'll give it my best but that could be a tad bit tough. Can we settle for watching the rest of the games for the season?
is game central Sunday. Come by Friday to win tickets for Sunday's game. Ask for Kylie as your server!
Alonso saying he asked Greater Baltimore committee to ask for their financial support. Request was 6 mo. ago
Congrats to my Toronto Blue Jays' Jose Bautista hits his 50th Home Run! First to do it this year and first since '07.
Booked the AALEC Conference in Dallas, TX at SMU Feb. 19-20th. If any other Texas school wants a show contact us!
Champagne is so fun
watching vids from OK.I gotta tell ya love that little step u were doing while ridin with the radio! rock on.!!!
Why don't you guys offer custom designed codes on your products? I see potential....
I just voted for in the 2011 Veggie Awards for Favorite Celebrity!
Participants form specific story topics: water usage/resources around Great Lakes, foreclosed homes owned by overseas banks, etc.
we see u at
preview tomorrow!
I wish this never happen
be with someone who makes you happy....
Delta finally picked up and told me they can't give me a flight until 5pm on Christmas because I was on hold so long I missed other openings
Up early and I have no idea why 💤💤💤
The Beard. I think he should win MIP and 6th man.
I am partial to the Chart Room, but I have space in my heart for many bars.
Lady Gaga is HOT!
Those are the tweets and re-tweets for Wednesday, May 9, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
The good news is, Livan can pitch forever and is definitely a better hitter than Jack Wilson.
I think I am on the way to hell.
OMFG WMYB CAME ON IN MY ART CLASS!!! FJWIHDJSHSWKSJWHDHJW
In the lab with ! #WeWorking!
Need a great litigation support firm? None better than Digital Evidence Group,
!! I CANT WAITT.
So what's the good looking couple doing tonight.
Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
That makes sense, hate to think he was dissed. Love his game!
Oh, how good is that sandwich?! Maybe this summer...
Best to everyone in Charlotte this weekend!
Support the IRISH. Salad is green...use your Gourme Mist on your salad today in honor of St. Patricks Day.
RT Congrats to on election as WA State Dem Party Secretary! Youngest Officer of State Party! (cc & )
What happens if BHO picks 4 more Justices?...
so stressed! i need a job asap :(
I can see why so many relationships happen on set, it is damn near impossible not to become smitten.
Just because we socialize medicine, doesnt mean we socialize our government, or that we become socialists.
Persistence takes care of that.
My 8-yr-old: Can I eat coconuts? Me: Sure, why wouldn't you? Her: They're tree nuts! (to which she's allergic).
Just saw my neighbor drive there car into the side of the garage. To funny!
Hokies with 4 runs thus far in the 1st inning on 4 hits and 3 Virginia errors. We are in a rain delay with 2 outs.
It was great meeting you there to share ideas sparked by See you next month?
for me its past tense. I'm not correcting you.
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
yes yes & umm.. yes! Im off mon & Tues and rest off the week im off at 5p. Lets do it
if you want to hear a REAL rapper check out Young Bravo.He's a lyrical monster. www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1
New sections are ready for users, Atlases, City Maps, Historical Maps
": Twitter is all about community. The 140 only works when you connect and build relationships. #MakeMagic" It works! Try it.
Need Alterations? Come in anytime. For men and women www.leodys.com
Prefer a gluten free meal in #Albuquerque? We prepare all of our sauces from scratch daily, using only corn oil, vegetable oil, & olive oil
RT: Well it's very evident the refs at tonight's game aren't getting paid by the call.
We are all pink.Northwest Paddle Festival, spring soccer, park outings.
I BARELY KNOW THE FELLOW, HAVEN'T SPOKEN IN MONTHS
Oh but of course ^.^ they are the best! :D P[eace]L[ove]U[nity]R[espect]<3
That new track #outtamymind track is raw!!
How was it consummated? Is Tebow no longer a virgin?
Elate’s Steak and Eggs ~ Braised short rib/ potato cake/ béarnaise
2 years from now there will be a movie that centers around Whitney's funeral Eddie Murphy as Bobby Brown & Aretha. Kevin Hart as Ray J
Wow that's cool. :)
RT : I heard it last night actually lol - good good... I hope u left a comment ..on here or on 99 JAMZ ?
Hot coco
good morning beautiful! :)
I got a setup for a wireless connex, but can't connect.
Vintage game at Consol tonight. statement made by the fans. Keep swinging Pittsburgh. We got them on the ropes.
LA fitness got the hoes going wild
From McCain to Cain - how exactly did that happen? Obamanos!
Lovely birthday/mothers day lunch with Bassey and hewitt
No you goofball.LOL It's not marriage that's the issue. RT : With divorce rates at almost 50%, shouldn't we ban ALL marriages?
what its doing?
Is there a serial killer prowling #NV highways? George Knapp reports at 5pm
and today, i am archiving airsickness bags and peanuts. <3 who said that archiving was dull??
God's heart is the most sensitive and tender of all. No act goes unnoticed, no matter how insignificant or small. -Richard J. Foster
Lost an old, amazing, wonderfully talented friend yesterday. Hug your loved one and friends everyone. Happy Thanksgiving to all!
hey give us a call! Your wish is our command!
Was reading Claude McKay earlier . . ."Am I not Afric's son?/ Black of that black land where black deeds are done?" What an awesome line!
theres only one thing to say these three words for you,
Wow ! Are you kidding ? I thought Obama was at least 10 - 15 years younger than Romney. Obama reminds me of Camelot - JFK years.
Hofni Samuel~ When in doubt do without.
Brian Wilson out for the season, stick a fork in the
I'm so happy IDK why (;
Follow me! :D <3
um WE are one stamp away, dear.
Never be afraid to ask questions, the more curious you are the more knowledge you get.
my head is physically very large.
I'll second that! RT : This month's #bread issue is incredible! Amazing recipes and photos by RT...
Those family parties where you gotta say hi to everybody and their mothers -__- <
I try to make it a rule not to leave the house when it's under 25. I'm not an Eskimo!
is attempting to squeeze 3 cases of make-up and hair products into 1 airline friendly piece of luggage. Hm.....
Went muddin and swimming today in bainbridge fishin tomorrow then fishin again the next day : ) love my friends
We have a problem. Andy Pettitte isn't trending yet
Amen, sister! RT No drama mama!
were u offended to be included on the email thread david sent this morning? are we his best buds or his cheap ass friends?
First tornado warnings of the day in western Ohio, for Darke and Preble counties. We're looking out for you
that is freaky. I get why they want to do it, but I like my privacy...
oh you shut up.
Well I better start training to run with the bulls now so I don't let my Aztecs down!
Q2: I like the Oh Joy
You've been drunk fro a week!!!
I meant come ver this weekend. Let's go to Jakes t-ball game in alum creek and then fish!!!!!!!!! And vent. 😒
give a specific location and I'll ask haha
Izzy what's good I ain't seen u in a minute
take notice of how your clothes are fitting or measure inches
No one ever listens to Sedar's stop signals. Poor guy
I feel so bad for Austin): but I will always have his BACK<3
hi trey :)
Uggh I'm so hungry. I want food so bad.
~ I like glazed lol!
yes it was ! And I love your bio. I just now noticed it :)
i'd love to join:)
im listening to No Phone by Cake. This is great. Haha
Insanity is getting projected onto rationality
Good morning, all! Hope things are going well for you.
rock on!
WTF My roommates friend stays at our apartment (even though my roommate is not here) and her friends bumps her music. Rude AF
All ninja turtle fans should come out to the britton pub tonight for some beers and a good time.
So jealous! I want some Dubya Burger!
Why are boys so confusing?
Good jump for the Canucks in the first 10 minutes against the Kings.
If time travel was real and you went to the future, would that mean that a 'present day' doesn't exist? And what about free will?
Someone just get me on a plane to LA or NYC already!! I'm ready to be out there!!
Design Tip: Display your summer flowers in a row of teacups. Roses and daisies work really beautifully. www.cliointeriordesign.com
We like snow in Seattle!
text me now
even if you aren't a soccer (football) fan, you should watch the FA Cup Final today at noon. Liverpool v Chelsea!
LOL I was watching your video on the bus and I was laughing so much everyone thought I was crazy! Haha
Plan floated by Europe has earmarks of a "buy the rumor, sell the news" ruse. Risk is that it will unravel before making news.
Data Shows: On Twitter, Women Are More Social
(Sorry it's taken so long...) I'd say $700 is my absolute max...obviously would rather be below that if I can manage it.
gloomy weather =
Passion and compassion first, then: project planning/management; communications; facilitation; follow-thru; & more!
it seriously is...
It is for sure the old fashions...will make you and charlie some tomorrow for our afternoon festivities
man if only they had those in bright yellow. you getting a pair of those chinos Biggs?
I was on her show today! Haha
There was a Joseph Gordon-Levitt look alike being interviewed. Eye candy, hay. More boys, more boys!
Concept of a child soldier is upsetting when I think of my boys.
How could you FAIL to report more than 40 counts of child abuse?? Oh #PennState ...shits getting real for you guys...
I need sugar
My mom says I'm a catch
Any chance we can shoehorn that dreadful "How Ya Like Me Now" song into a few more commercials?
Happy #TAPtuesday folks
Most of them once elected they are already planning for the next election.
Public transport quest continues. This time San Diego to Pasadena to audit an SAA workshop. Easy peasy.
Both! :) RT Some say"The World's such a big place" others say"The world keeps getting smaller." Which rings true to you?
I do agree with you lol look at my tweets
Hopefully getting a white Christmas this year...
Trent looks a little older and beefier than I remember, but then again I hear that's what quitting an addiction to smack does to you.
Finally getting my on. Cheers!
Thank you both for the mentions, etc. Hope you're enjoying your weekend!
Defeat the Wheat! No upcharge on any #GlutenFree menu items, and 2-4-1 bottles of 's New Grist beer. M... good!
I hope this Fox 25th Anniversary special mentions the short-lived program M.A.N.T.I.S.
Hey guys! I stumbed on your podcast and I love the wonderful advise!
*grinning* Oh....you're good. *I got a keeper*
Usher-confessions >
Seeing that and hang out makes me happy. cc
Omg, I am so stupid -.- I plugged in the charger to my phone last night, & I went to check it this morning, it wasn't even charging! ;(
A1: Not sure it has necessarily changed. The message is usually the same regardless of the target.
Thanks! It was that or learn to play our instruments properly
I love this season -- all the cookies, candy, and treats. My little taste buds just jump with joy during this time of year. Happy Holidays
Its wierd gettin trippy wit out twin s/o to
What do you call a 100 year old ant ?An antique !
: So are you planning on coming with for Elimination Chamber?
Eastlake North High Boosters fundraiser is Saturday
Sad when we have to look to strikers from Stoke or Norwich for England really.
Win game Three---3-1--I'll have your Highlights will have your post game
And a big THANKS to Bonnie Berry for an awesome job serving #UCF grad students!
I swear to god... Twitter better say your following me...
: Are you a #SouthFlorida local? Born in Miami! Love #ArtBasel #TribalArtMiami Thanks,
Tomorrow im about to go shopping with my bets friend jennifer.I have lot of stuff to do,photoshoot && a music videoo!
Again with another win. 3 & 0.
Without Facebook I probably wouldn't have wished you a happy birthday.
True, obviously. RT : #Wisconsin and are going to repeat as Big Ten Champs in 2012... TRUE or FALSE
did you just leave?
Yum! I made some amazing #glutenfree banana bread using almond meal and coconut flour!
I've updated the Threat Level to orange.
so you know why they put astro turf on Razorback Stadium? So the homecoming queen won't eat the grass. Hahaha
Less than an hour away until complimentary New Belgium Dig Pale Ale at !
Life isn't fair sometimes...lol
according to Daisy Gonzalez, yeah.
I didn't choose to make you my world, it just happened.
there was a gloryhole
never said I wanted one lol, just the thought.
how you fall asleep with that movie it got me all inspired like I could do anything lol
what a faggot
Business is slowly picking up again. New and exciting products are in the works. 2012 is shaping up to be a great year. Stay tuned!
Have to keep the streets plowed :P
That is actually true. RT Is being a nerd not my best quality? :)
Too busy to function! >:(
and i need to ask you a question and i never get nothing back you are such a nice person and i want to be your friend (:
I have to listen to #macadelic in order to fall asleep
Can u just gtfo? You ruined my life enough and I can't take it anymore. Let me live the rest of my life without pain.
If your out.. We'll be keeping a close view on what to add your outfit / gear up.
come over here to America.. I miss you (:
hommie come tru club u tonitt ..hit me up I'll get u at the door
*slow clap
Welp, that's a first. Public protest in the middle of the Surviving Technology session at
Making small progress towards my goals...just keep swimming *in my Dori voice*
we will run that place you forgot
I also received great chat help when I ran into an issue. Wish I could remember her name! Think she was in ME.
no he had a commercial about It Gets Better
": Also and finally. Manning has been wearing out the broncos facilities rehabbing. Pm is at work!" That's why Elway got him!!
yes it does and so do I most of the times
You really did that shit.... You idiot.
season 8 of curb...so funny!
Air France is back.
Everything was very entertaining! Enjoy :)
#biddie invasion in the library.
have to go with pee over hitler upon further thought
Thank you so very much for sharing !!! I had so much fun on the set! So many talented ppl! Xo J
A WIN on our announcement night. Yeah... we planned that.
What a tough loss for the blue shirts just not a good season with all the talent.
So when I get my braces on Tuesday, anyone wanna take me out to icecream? Thanks. Love ya.
On that
Great suggestion : Food4thought: when choosing #massageschool, get massage from student clinic, to see quality of program.
Trade in Traffic. One photo of me for one pair of sun glasses. I think I got the better end of the deal.
Question 12 or 13 is locking me out...
I like when you smile but I like it better when I'm the reason.
makes sense- how do you record the interests that you find? how is that info used?
Did I tell you? I'm opening my first museum solo show at the Vincent Price Art Museum at ELAC on May 21st. Working on a huge installation!
Must be budget time. Baker & Taylor is loading like molasses.
Challenging & rewarding. No two days are the same! As a Badger alum, I have to say you might just have the coolest job around! :)
If #ESPN can fire a reporter for a headline, #ClearChannel can fire #Limbaugh for repeated derogatory anti-woman statements
Sometimes you just have to give yourself a chance to rest and reenergize!
Had a great social media training session with our team in Australia. It’s going to be great to work with the folks Down Under!
I know. It hurt my wanna be wine snub heart
i wonder how the Castronovo's are taking all of this...
Getting some very interesting looks for wearing my shirt I won at #140cuse. Best comment, "its the Mr. T starter kit."
“: Sux.” rude... Go get your bike helmet.
wow, that is genius!
Do not miss 100 Voices: A Journey Home playing November 11th nationwide! www.100voicesmovie.com
Rise n shine
#20ThingsAboutMe life scares me.
then you will just want to gnaw on your arm with hunger
Peace&Happiness to all my twitter frnds
MTSU ROTC students to be commissioned into armed forces Friday - The Daily News Journal
At work soon to get off and hit up the church for the final confirmation 2 class text me if u got the digits
Golden Holocaust: Origins of the Cigarette Catastrophe and the Case for Abolition by Robert N. Proctor G'89 now available from
Killing me... Come on Dawgs! You should have this...
Hmm i haven't. it does sounds good though! RT : ever gone with pure sugar on the 'cado?
Can't sleep can't sleep .
FUCK YOU TOO, BITCH.
Hey it's BK, please finish the sentence, My favorite part about St.Patricks Day is_______!
The MyYahoo magnifying glass, which opens a window and then makes u open a new browser sucks. Hello... user experience group r u listening?
There's a new book coming out about President William Henry Harrison. While not born in Ohio, he played a large part in the early...
um i didnt know if u wer nd um lol ok why in a mention?
kind of an inside joke, I know
Suggestions for IT-band syndrome? Starting to effect my
Had half a turkey sandwhich for lunch and a salad for dinner.
Personal day in KC Plaza bound
I have to see he never met you so if anything I'll go.
1. Make a resolution to meet at least 1 new person each day for your first two months at John Jay
celebrating birthday today! happy birthday miss shelli!!! & you can bbq!
Anyone need a ticket for Saturday?
I find it very easy to refrain from Columbian stripper jokes around the Secret Service guys.
#slingbox you have failed me.
with its tweets so short and so many friends, oh where oh where can it be?
No disrespect to those who have em but fuck that shit !
It's going fine,had some personal matters this friday but It should be done by the end of the weekend :D Family Birthdays FTL
c'mon Y'all got better ones!!
This chili meat must cooking' up right- there is suddenly a beagle in my kitchen.
I don't know if I should go tonight!
idk dude, I'm just trying to meet new people in michigan... So maybe will you follow back?
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Royal Wedding Hub-bubb. Got a hankering for fig newtons now.
Wow Baker, just wow.
Good Morning everyone Happy Friday
will be serving up a hot meal around noon today. See someone in need? Tell them they are welcome at
FUCK THIS SHIT TOO MUCH POWER OR FIRE SO MUCH CEASE OR HELP
shut up hahaha.
Yeah, it wasn't bad. Didn't need all the time travel malarkey, but otherwise not bad.
First dates are fun but would love to have one with a #SFGiants fan. Deal breaker? I'm okay with being choosy for now.
okay i will follow her back! :) x
you here fa show @ the victor
- Nigguhs These Days So Messy!
okay then i guess i will leave have to practice dancing anyway oh and my drumming :D
"There's no emoticon for regret"
Actually, I think it's kids who have the definition of mother and slave mixed up/ Just sayin'...
Is it REALLY that important to elect Romney?
DID JUSTIN AND SEL BREAK UP
According to the docs, 10.8 has exactly what we need. According to the docs.
way to reply to her haha
Give water to the weary by purchasing Faithful Fish apparel which gives to Compassion’s Water for Life fund!
yea man I know how that goes. Just hit me up whenever, check out the place. It's not too shabby.
Groove Inc. holds &#39;Drums and Dogs&#39; event
SQUAWK! tickets are only $11, come check it out
If I lost 2 billion dollars of someone elses money would that make me a bigtime Wall Street player?
Homuncululs Nebula looks like to giant colliding cauliflower! What's big becomes small, what's small becomes big.
Here comes the sleep deprivation headache. And we still have at least a 30 min wait...
Thanks for the shout! Great seeing you at the party!
I HATE THE FLU!!! I wanna just die right now!!
Just completed a 66 min workout...1 workout to go! with
Guess what? I only have 2 more weeks left of radiation!!!!! 20 treatments down 10 to go. So happy about that. TGIF
thanks I'll check it out in a bit!
Chillen, drinking and partying it up with the bff Leo & other peeps!
Welcome ! We're discussing tools we have a need for..
I put a year into chasing my dream and furthering my education to have it ripped from me and you gonna ask me how I'm doing,
Men, do i have to see your boxers?
We really wanna play for yall! It would be a dream to come to europe!
Got commitment issues? Try our cupcakes or minis! Once you've tried one, we guarantee you'll ask for more.
okay if you seriously think that i don't discuss this shit with him in the first place then you don't know our relationship but (c)
Re-vamped the ol' resume. It's pretty tight!
I wish i could come :/
I got an email from Klout telling me my score is 52. I have no idea what that means. Is it good? Bad? Neither?
great cover!
Is this what it's come to, Brian McKnight???
everyone please follow my Austin & Ally Buddies
#IfYouWereSmart you wouldnt be so dumb
I swear it always rains when my hair is straight!
easy or medium?
Thank you [: #squeak !
Thanks for the tip! I was behind the registration desk at the time, so I missed it in person. :) Also a nice name-check for
I ate it this morning! Greek yogurt (super healthy) with fruit! :)
Game on.
Ron Paul in it for the win!
Why do you even trust Ricky with your phone? lol
I played witness to it! And stood by w/ flame retardant material- I have further to journey into insanity before playing myself
dick clark what are a legend rest in peace
Just a thought... is twitter an echo chamber?
Just returned from watching marathon runners at mile 18 in
LOL! Lyndz! That's funny stuff!!!! ;-)
good so i'm not the only one lolol. why was it crap?
You can't really say what is beautiful about a place, but the image of the place will remain vividly with you
there not a lot of people on hear lol.
lmao! I'm crying from laughing
She's performing tonight? Why didn't I get the memo? :(
it's still your birthday in the us.......we may have something up our sleeve (;
you going back to.Chicago?
The best part of koren BBQ is how you can smell yourself three days later and reminisce on how great everything tastes.
Funny that she doesn't think Carl's throwing punches either. Maybe she's not getting those emails.
Best thing about admin mini retreat? Realizing that bananas and potato chips make an excellent combo...
is it really on twilight level?
News Donald shares early lead at Disney event Luke Donald got off to a strong start in his pursuit of Webb Simpson and the t
25 away from the next BIG zoom! Keep those #repeatreceipt tweets coming!
what's up bro?
okay :D
Yo if u need some studio time hit us up for rates.!
Not sure I deserve that much praise but always enjoy our talks.
Seems like a good day to just drink....
Finally getting something done with my hair. I'm sure we are all sick of hearing me complain about it.
I've been thinking what's most important is what goes without saying; what/how something is said (or not) is also about that
There are plenty of things you can do guarantee you fail on IOS, but nothing you can do to guarantee success.
S/o to the new follower
everyone please follow my lil sis > she is very sweet, nice, and cool
Playing a good or bad guy? Hm
Washed and vacuumed the car for tomorrow ^.* I'm ready to take my test so me and Steven can go everywhere together.
Do You Think About Me Still?
Lovely meeting everyone at 90 minutes networking this morning - thanks for making Zoe & I so welcome
if ppl slander tht they just evil. I laugh so hard cause u like the 5th dude tht got a pic like tht lmaoo
Put sliced cucumbers over your eyes to treat dark circles.
there's another difference between us. I like florida
I'm only having one.
Life is god.
Watch, tonite, the kiss cam will pan to me & sure enough I'll be sitting right next to !
If you bought jewelry for today don't do what Allen Iverson did! Just had his bank account seized for not paying ATL's Aydin & Co jewelers
thanks Poo! Happy Mothers Day to u! Been thinking bout u guys! How's Johnny's recovery?
Love? Forget that. Heart breaks? I had that. Chances? I gave that. Going back? Im past that. Moved on? Believe that.
Using Windows 8 on a tablet is the first time that I've been excited about using one. It'll be rock solid and sexay.
Thanks for sharing our article about your anniversary show!
Few things disgust me more than politicians (R) who had the best education IN THE WORLD and pretend they didn't.
morning twitter people!!! ;D
Wish I had someone kick with cause I'm bored I have no friends lol
Lake Bluff's Annual Holiday Party is approaching. Be sure to visit us on the web and sign up for details! www.lakebluffcondos.com
'imagination feeds on images': TRANSFORMATIONS '68 film made by Ralph Sargent for IBM. 1 more reason to love Ralph.
“How you manage to do that every single day without fail? It looks absolutely exhausting, darling."
I REFUSE TO CONTINUE & WASTE MY TIME & BREATH!!! I'm constantly trying but not getting no where...i will get BACK UP
Little Noni, Happy at Last At least Black Swan redeemed her.
Everybody likes me :) nobody likes yo ugly ass though lmao dumb boy
U can find me over ther by archer road. Its off secor road. Its the left after agor. Yellow house. Long driveway. Soup everywhere
From our loom project we are changing the way we see gloves and giving it some men glamour. See it at our Fall/Winter Preview
This is why you should never wordsmith from the floor and submit amendments in some printed form.
Nice start from Lackey for the #RedSox and Ellsbury and Pedroia continue to be on a tear. Bard and Papelbon close out win against Seattle.
Watching #bigtimemovie for the second time :). i love this movie<3
I KNEW Emily would do this the minute she broke up with Brad..
agreed! “: #Browns have to at least kick tires on Flynn. If they could resolve QB while leaving their draft picks intact
looks like its time to find a team that appreciates you and your amazing talent
If she liked one direction and she was like I'm not aloud my mom says they're all homosexual and she's a homophobe . It was literally A++++
I barely know this chick but shes been on ma mind, like I swear her smile is enough to make ma day bra.
See you all there! ;-) RT : :D woo!! RT : Field Day! GO SEN11ORS <3
Mimosas for breakfast... Sure why not! ...who cares! It's Friday ❤❤
just gotta get through 2day then 2 days off in the 610...cant wait to meet our puppy & see best fraaand <3
Ps-I'm trying to concoct something where I have speakers attached to my top. Can u imagine me bumping I'm A Boss like that :)
THAT'S STRIKE THREE!
How in-touch is the Green Party of California? Their form letters are in Comic Sans! THAT's how in-touch. (I would have gone with Papyrus.)
u damn sure right about that
in second
imagine You: gosh i have so many flaws i hate it Austin : . baby it's what makes you beautiful
#askmike - Is there any way someone in your administration can intervene in the Time Warner MSG Dispute?
It seriously feels like this week has been going on forever...
It shouldn't be a secret.
awesome awesome- how bout u?
Finished Face Lift of the Home Page www.itsartnotstuff.com great feed back...working on a Face Book Widget this week..cause ItsArtNotStuff
Delayed in Philly. Swell.
The one and only on 's 5 p.m. news! Don't miss him around 5:40 p.m. talking holiday job search tips.
ill teach you for a pack of chew
I don't care what people say, I will always be a belieber<3
HI FOLLOWERS :D
Ima make all about you
You know you've been there lol
This kid screaming at the dentist needs to chill out
RT : wish i could attend, but I will be at work : / Miss you and wish you could too.
Life seems harder when you have a good heart. You help too much. You give too much. You trust too much. And most of all, you love too much.
has the most epic awesomeness tweets around x3
Mitt The Ripper?
you can do it!!!! It's been almost 2 years since I haven't try a soda.
normally, all photography is prohibited in contemp. art museums due to usage rights. On some occasions we have permission.
Hahaha. Won and Done. Love it.
I bought "my heart will go on" ... Aka the sad song in titanic... And it's my fave song ATM. Lmao
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Chicago this Thursday night at LaSalle Power Co. $2 Bottles/Burgers!
Ive been in an airport since 7am. Nothing else to do.
nevermind, every team I have in the office pool MUST be eliminated before the weekend!
dear kimberly, thank you! Happy Friday night and weekend! xxxxxx0
": lol at the little nuggets fan bitch that is mocking my tweets" U mad bro?
I have been good working crazy hard trying to balance. What about you whats thing on in bmore?
calls Henry Jenkins one of the godfathers of participatory culture
It is not wanting to win that makes you a winner; it is refusing to fail.
thanks ladybug!!
your face >
backstreet boys are better.
i cant breath the wrongway without blake telling me gotta sit in the badboy chair..LOL..kids...but its alright for him 2say it
George Wallace!
I read it last week! Thought it was SUPER cute. I'll be reviewing it soon. :)
Ne-Yo Seeing R.E.D. Amidst Accusations Of Thieving From The Game
Did you finish your taxes?
Watching cheaters
Whoa..... That "Autumn" FinancialBreeze hits in... 4 weeks...!
Bright pink!
Did you see the special interest group leading that fundraiser?
Is the Dolph in town? He seems super cool, and according to 70's Kung Fu movies, eunuchs are the most powerful.
Join Amateur Millionaire on her quest to encourage young African-American woman to get routine breast exams ttp://ow.ly/7ZeXO
