will be good to see you at the final four
thanks for the kind words!
ANOTHER amazing crew!!!!!!!!!!
It's official: I will be on Voyages to Antiquity as a Guest Lecturer in July, sailing the Greek Islands and the Black Sea!
Download the new mixtape on www.mrbanksmusic.com
can we fire cruel comments like on youtube or is that just your job.
I'm ready to get out of here. School gets on my damn nerves. Especially at the end of the year.
- Perfect lunch break! We have a public garden at our library at 2510 St. Paul that's also a fantastic reading break spot!
End of the first quarter, Predators lead 20-7.
congrats on your success, but it's a tad early to make me go to the dictionary.
Why can't tweets be longer than 140 characters? Who made that rule up? Why not 150?!
I want that shirt...Dodgers fan in Cleveland gotta represent my SoCal boys of summer!!
RT : Friday a.m. viewing: RT : PUMPED for Beer Bracketology tomorrow on
Thanks. We love you back! RT : i love ipath
Dollar is weakening and commodities are surging. Sounds like a printing press rally to me. RT Dow Breaks 13,000
Watching The Skeleton Key O.o
Miss all ya'll. Hope it goes well!
I KNEW IT!! They're ALL walkers just waiting to die!
“: Thank you to NC citizens who are voting "No" on Amendment 1 today.”
It's valentine's Day so take that someone special out to a nice romantic dinner and find some great deals @ toptable.com.
You too? I'm having issues transferring domains today - have you had issues before? I'm nervous now...
There's really a timeless quality to all these Charlie Sheen commercials I'm seeing today.
do you think a #barberchair is taking it too far for comfort as far as office chairs go? I could get accustomed to that.
Also, I think those people are clinically insane. They're so far gone I feel I'm doing them a true
Welcome new followers!
What's the latest on #Arizona's #immigration law. Demonstators are in the streets. We have the latest on the
Gone Crazy... Be back soon
& we love u back homie. N a secure #ManLove kinda way
one more week till
Someone should talk to me.
looking forward to being dazzled by the shiny new polish!
Took someone's advice on Twitter today and referred to cell phones as "mobile learning devices." Good stuff.
HERE AND THERE LOL HOW U BEEN?
DLF's Rachel Frick talking about linked open data to increase discoverability at Online and Above the Radar. DCC C146
Its to hot at this graduation tho.
Yes! ~ RT : Being on Twitter & not following is like eating a bran muffin when you're standing in a cupcakery.
Man. Some good stuff on Netflix
What is up with these teen girls wearing pantyhose looking tights? Not wearing a shirt over it. Very Hoochie - you can see it all girls.
#SomeWhereOutThere is this old lady who is tryna get her cougar on tonight.
get your tweet game up!
#NowPlaying Goldfinger – Here In Your Bedroom on
Beautiful #models! Publish your #portfolio online with www.shastic.com! Become a shastician! Be discovered!
Due to weather the Benefit for Baltimore's Children Concert at the Hippodrome tonight, 1/26, has been postponed. www.livingclassrooms.org
Time for bed.. Gotta get up & go to work tomorrow..
have literally spent all of first period so far talking with mrs lopez and taking pictures for her instagram. god bless review week 😊
it's ON! :) looking forward to connecting with y'all on sunday night, if not before.
ah! Makes sense why I didn't notice then...thanks!
thanks Craig, love hearing ur feedback! used to with us-but you can actually still buy it via LevelUp at Leisure Station
...which is silly, because the Confederacy still could have achieved its objectives after the defeat at Gettysburg
cheers dude, hope to see you soon.
Happy Birthday Girlie!
sorry we are only available on iphone or android
lol the window hella funny. Dude n u were so passed out haha shanacie I'm leavein all I hear is u go eh hahaha
ill say hi next time and try not to make short jokes c;
no problem have a great weekend!
sounds cool!
Looking forward to today's Archives Bazaar planning meeting. This gathering just gets better every year.
cuz it would have said vulgar_os_tweets so people would be like huh whats this about. and i thought about talk instead
real tears right now from laughing so hard. also hella pissed at myself for not coming up with that first
"True friendship isn’t about being there when it’s convenient; it’s about being there when it’s not.” some need to learn..."
Yeah, yeah, yeah.. but what a win? Go Pacers!
Running on soft sand/high tide is pretty but brutal. Burning calves from this morning's run.
i rlly appreciate u trying to call him- u the man- hope ur weekend went well-
Pedophiles make no effort to hide on Twitter. Why are you sick fucks not in prison getting raped like you should be?
You thirsty and I got some water... How you feel?
Getting ready to hit the gym, then do some classwork, conference call tonight with my debate team for class
When your sister decides to take your phone...
A work of abstract expressionism by a chimp and a still life of a flower by an elephant are part of a new exhibition in London of artworks
Tomorrow is our 50TH EPISODE! Did your voice make it onto the show? Listen tomorrow and find out!
Currently, I haven't gotten up from this chair in 7 hours and 15 minutes. I'm kind of scared to get up for fear of falling.
Jeremy, are you using a fountain pen now? Have you tried the Lamy Safari?
alright lol did you have to sign up to go ?
You're Welcome!!
thank you for the mention!
I feel sick to my stomach
Wish people would stop putting words in my mouth...about my friends? Yeah that makes a ton of sense??
"You realize the type of diversity I bring is temporary?" had me rolling. The whole "wack writing" bit. Genius
i love your tweets
#wewontwork if you can't make me laugh and except me for the wierdo that I am :)
“: I want to make one thing clear: I am neither a Republican or Democrat. #ELE”. Radical!
awww bo ha im sorry that must blow
Wait, isn't it still in there?
On set playing an American Mobster car-jacking a group of Norwegians. classic!
kinda wishing I had not made this mission. Portland is looking
I'll be on the east coast for a bunch so would miss way too much
yea, same, I tried playing lefty and it was just horrible hah!
RT : Giving away 2 tix to sat nights game in NE plus airfare & hotel! RT this & follow me and !!
So glad that the weekend begins tonight just10 hours to go
Jake..... It's hard sometimes to just let God do His thing. It sounds so easy, but we get in the way so much! Just sayin'!
Of course, that often means more work - instead of re-using things - and some things are worth re-using. But I like the invention process
what about me??? Ha ha. Love ya sis.
Excuse me on that last tweet, i meant malice at Chesapeake Energy Arena.
Great Advice RT Before you write your #resume write a long list of your personal accomplishments.
Just found your handle !! Why won't it come up automatically? You know you're part of that sentence lady! xoxo
What happened? I work for Baltimore Collegetown...let me know how I can help!
2nd life learning: nursing students are given scenarios and get graded on patient communication, collaboration w/other medical staff.
While employed as the Astros GM, Ed Wade acquired 11 of the 25 players on the 2008 Phillies championship team.
When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans,
What is the 'primary aim' of your company?
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(:
Art for Ransom is starting! Will the art be freed?
#IKnewItWasOverWhen you said you loved me
Happy birthday Jane! RT : Happy 235th birthday to my favorite author, Jane Austen! Check out www.google.co.uk
Beautiful goal by #Sounders to take an early lead over #Santos. Frustrating that #Rapids are no longer in this tournament
What time is best to come by? Its right across street from my office.
"Everyday I'm Bufferin" - YOUTUBE
I cannot believe that someone in my bloodline, one of culturally open and accepting liberal Italian immigrants, would succumb to this bl ...
Just passed johnny depp's yacht
lol hey there (:
so sad! when the media is full of women exposing themselves its expected 4 weak females in this world! Stay strong girl
"It is one’s sincerity that matters" - Daisaku Ikeda
WTF! Why are you not calling out for saying that's why "We" rioted. I really doubt his rich ass was down there.
Is your Friends group doing out-of-the-box fundraising and events? Let us know! Email to get the word out.
- You're welcome.
I'd love a GTL sticker if you have any left.
oh and goodnight Jerricka c: I love you <3
is it a good idea to put your score on your resume? thoughts?
I've never been more excited for rainbow chard!!!! 💜
As if Newt being first House Speaker penalized for bad ethics doesn't matter that much.
We are skilled at providing you with expert advice on all your insurance related questions and needs. #LintonAndAssociates 505-247-1530
Loving the snow in Kalispell. Winter is good here. Snowboarding today.
our relationship goes from >>>>>> too <<<<<<<< in a matter of seconds.
Not at all :)
Bags packed and ready to go early in the AM to #Exponential. Beginning of a great journey in life! Prayers for all those headed to
Flaubert's affair with language in Madame Bovary: "as if the fullness if the soul did not sometimes overflow in the emptiest of metaphors."
Did you know...The Arthritis Foundation is the largest non-profit, private funder of arthritis research in the world
Woot! I was first agency visit as part of "No Presentations Fri". So honored :-)
On the road...performing in Iowa this weekend. Will be back at the Hilton next week with 3 shows -thurs,fri,sat.
You only have ONE life, live it right, do what your heart tells you, and go for that one thing in the world that will make you truly happy
Rain can suck a big, hairy, cock.
Oh... that's a good one. RT : really? Not CAR DASHIAN?
I don't really care Wat your opinion is or anybody elses ..imma do me 24 hours a day n 7 days a week
Do you find it a bit rich for Orszag to be planning for O's 2nd term when he's high on list of ppl who might have cost him one?
"One of the most amazing things you can learn in business and life is humility." Ursula Burns Xerox CEO
but somehow, the "all natural" coconut macaroons (from the healthy section of woodman's) made it into the acceptible eats category.
Maybe it is a case of the Wednesdays or maybe we just heard of another great drink special... check out Cypress Saloon to find out! or RT!
welcome to the real world.
...some ppls recent bad behavior has the community very sensitive lately and looking for offense where it isn't imo.
": My dad and me were just stunting in the living room..... #nbd" I just busted out laughing when I read this! Hahaha
yay! You found me!
Sometimes, I can only shake my head when I realize I truly would lose my head if it weren't attached to my body.
I wanna watch the Amanda Show.
thinks its cool for a guy to have sex with his female teacher. Unless he's home schooled.
Will play Snow White in Pantomonium Production's 'Snow White & The Several Dwarfs' opening in Dec. at the Arclight Theater in NYC!
Work out same mucles for another half hour, or at least I try to
I like how you quickly apologised, scared of a 'woman' on the edge!!
Resolution Test for Chrome by saved me a lot of time today testing a new site. Thanks, Ben!
Very true!! RT : #Health #Tip:Dining out? If you want dessert, share one with someone, usually just a taste will do.
Lazy sunday and I finally get some time to myself aawww yes :D -ProtoSkar
oh and you'll hear me sing on august 20th when my debut single is releases spread the words and tell your friends please ;)
that's so awesome, I hope he does!
dude those were the days xDD! My birthday one was the most funniest though! Haha
simplistic...1)Congress would not have folded 2) Congress may have relented 3) the Prez would wear intransigent
O.M.G. Catching up on my dvr and I am beyond excited that is a judge!! #freakout y'all
Think it's time to get my hair done.
Gotta love meetings in Westchester haha
sweet. not the easiest lighting for photos, but great lighting to cover up our manly blemishes.
who is a local celeb haha
Damn, that nap was somethin serious.
If in the after life there is not music, we will have to import it.
Absolutely! RT : not yet. Is it ripe for a visit?
TOUCHDOWN....we got 1000+. Thanks for the assist!
Where have you been?
Enjoy coffee deals with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Snow in October...really? Ugh! Watching the Celtics and Patriots!
I really need to go to a rave & get my rid of my dancing bug. I can't wait till i'm 18.
Go have some Toomer's lemonade! :)
Today is a GREAT day to take pictures of your business for your website, brochures, or insurance purposes... lol
please if you see this message pleae please please follow me :p 143 :)
May you brisket be tender and your latkes crunchy this Chanukah.
I know you really love pretending to be my mom... Guess u get a kick out of it??? Good for you. Must be fun!
My #MostAwkwardMoment was racing in a restroom urgently & four men at urinals turned to look at me simultaneously in shock. I'm a girl!
Thanks for volunteering! We couldn't have done it without you.
Happy Dr. Seuss birthday! POLL QUESTION: if you could be a Seuss character, which would you be..and why?
getting a degree
#iLikePeopleWho fascinate me with their warm hearts, thus brilliant minds..
I hate it when niggas start a rumor about you that they know ain't even true.
Friendship is like a cup. When it spoils, it does not return to that era.
I'll never stop supporting but seeing as hes taken and getting engaged im officially in love with <3
I also write for the health care industry as well as creatively (short stories).
Facials keep you looking younger true or false message answers to
Riding along with the SSFPD anti-gang unit Neighborhood Response Team tonight. Always impressed with the professionalism of our police dept.
I made my do fangs up while listening to
Today feels like Saturday.... And my birthday and christmas and a snow day and thunder and derby day and new years eve and spring break.
Yes my baby currently is on Sally Fallons homemade baby formula. It is amazing.
You are quite welcome.
Getting ready for "How Branding can Help or Hurt your Business"
Social media has taken over pornography for most hits. #ISTE11 #SIGMS Listening now to at SIGMS Forum.
One more day until Grad Bash :)
is going to need to get a body guard now, Especially after posting that video. So many girls want to kidnap him now lol
and Poland! But, why should we talk to anyone anyway? I mean, we're America we tell everyone what to do!
Maybe you should sing Here Comes The Sun!!! : )
He's a stunner.
wow, so today was not my day.
If you let me have my way, I swear I'll tear you apart.
Chocolate covered pretzels are the bacon of the sweets world
i adore it!!!!! i couldn't even resist it when i was preggo....
I don't know they always do that when aubrey's dating someone cause there jealous! But they never admit it
First final today
Congrats to Unbelievable play at
Answer to your question: Romney is current front runner!
dude, I'm right here in Beebe!
had a bad experience, submitted comment, rec. an email from reg. mag. then never heard back...he never returned my call or email :(
": Thank You God For Blessing Me With Another Day Of Life!!!!!!!"
Prezi is all the rage at too! cc: , ,
We start recording in a few weeks! RT if you are stoked to hear new music!
Many thanks to and his staff for their ongoing support of the humanities and a friendly meeting!
Me either! Now we need to find a Paseo 2 AND try Nicaraguan food, Nadine.
...you sync calendar, contacts, and mail directly to the ipad. Then you'd be able to view/edet contacts easily.
On some real shit where was y'all OKC fans at when they were Seattle and struggling? They had KD there
dique taylor gang/ jets
reviews are #in and we have our #Ratings set. SO #PAY CLOSE #ATTENTION IT JUST MAY BE
?you piece of shit scum of the earth mother fucker. you shouldnt be allowed to breathe let alone tweet.
Your presence is well-known, but what is your claim to fame?
Hadn't thought to blame my 4th grade teacher. As I remember, she yelled at me for chewing gum in class. It probably is her fault.
These caps are teasing me ;A; K. Imma be patient
LOVE my new MacBook Pro! thnx sweetie!
Photoshop has a special place in my heart. I guess to each it is just preference over anything else. Illustrator is growing on me though.
Library News: Setting up twitter from the library computers!
To acquire the habit of reading is to construct for yourself a refuge from almost all the miseries of life. W. Somerset Maugham
Kill me when mofos try to use shit u tell them against YOU!
where'd you go??
you already did :D
Congrats Jean Dujardin! I'm surprised he lost the French Caesar Award for Best Actor.
Be amazing. Be good. Be pretty. Be strong. Be smart. Be cool. But the most important thing, be yourself.
napes. i went two years ago and ever since, the line-up's been horrible.
Some people hate the "3rd" act of this movie but I kinda like it since this whole movie's about Stark being orphaned over & over.
omg, i want the white ones now! Their nice. What are they called?
It seems like some females put there selves into drama.
Thank you to all of my new twitter followers!! I hope u all see this!!
sleepy and tipsy. For my fiance's birthday, we went to a comedy club tonight! How are you?
: how did you calculate?
Hello Mr. E!
Bout to say fuck him and do this shot by my self. Slowly breaking bad.
HEALTHCARE-Do unhealthy insureds get higher rate increases than healthy insureds? Get your book www.theprofittrap.com www.amazon.com
Pilot on arrival: "Welcome to Chicago - home of the 1908 World Champion Chicago Cubs." Classic.
420pm atm. we wanted device agnostic squares. you're right tho, we'll need to increase the sizes. in pipeline. tnx for feedback!
Mark it down...Today marks the end of the Phil Jackson dominance era with the Lakers'... High on talent, low on heart... Won't get it done
thanks Sasha, great to see you, too. I love your work man, you're one of the best.
Thank you lady!
It's twenty degrees outside and dude's wearing sandals.
I will be appearing on The Jamie Kalicki Show on Tuesday January 10. The show airs from 6 -7pm on KJFK 1230am. Make sure to tune in.
Not having a good day, are we? :-/
that happens to me more than I understand!
Ok peeps. Whose at #sxswi??
There are traditionally two loaves of bread on Shabbat, but at the seder we use three pieces of
- we hope you will attend our event on Feb 22nd, 7pm, Oakwood North Clubhouse. :)
Criminal Minds, then the gym.
me either lmao
Wish I coulda been at Coachella last night
Saw "John Carter" last nite, it's a shame no one else has, it's a good movie + you see how everyone else has ripped off Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tired. Gonna sleep well. Tomorrow will hopefully be like today.
Feel like I was born again today. I got a warning and promise to be better!
Snow on the brain thx to these folks!
The Comentator said and i quote "this is a BLOWOUT" 113-96
thanks so much Veronick!! Crazy storms..
Today gone be a good day
going to make money today. and UGH.. i want to marry kristen stewart, i am so in love <3 :) have a good day dudes.
Whole weekend off and I don't have any plans.
That is so true. The former is a lost cause.
I will like to say thank you to my followers like and thank you
The guitar in the song "Crazy Train" is seriously fucking amazing.
I just now realised, I did fast after all,....was on a photo shoot and didn't have solids until after sunset....it was a subconcious act!
Prince guy is a beastt.!
RT : "If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would get done..." Source Unknown
Thanks for the update- and feel free to contact me if there's any other information you'd be interested in receiving
a chance to see snow this year with these mild temps?! I'LL TAKE IT!
you're not really a tattoo guy
Are comments supposed to open up on the same page? It looks like they do for a second, but then I get redirected to a new page.
I wish i can show u how much i love you but my crayons box went missing :( lol
Just wanna be in my bed
Praying I'll still get straight As this year...
most of the chicks I knew that became Miss Auburn - I probably would have voted for "Bessie."
or do you think they might be defective and i should return them for another pair?
Thank you so much Inken! You're very sweet to everyone that you deserve best tweets! I saw you got retweeted by Victoria :)
Beer VS Wine! Can't wait for Saturday ! Who's coming with me?
How can you cut through advertising clutter and make your brand stand out without spending a fortune? Use promotional products.
Ok love
#pearltrees is like mind mapping information on the web you care about
Your an asshole.
RT : Shout out to Crown Heights. It has been 50 days since our last shooting. KEEP IT UP CROWN HEIGHTS WE LOVE YOU
#TheBestPartOfMyDayWas that brief sec when I 1st wake right b4 reality hits me again & all those terrible feelings come back:-(
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity. ~ George Patton
at graduation ? Ah how exciting!! 😁😁😁
Did you know that Office of Child Support collects and disburses nearly $2 billion annually to more than 1 million Ohio children.
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming. - John Wooden
People will feel valued if appreciation is delivered personally and individualized, also viewed as authentic.
J Charles on a stretcher....sounds about right
Didn't know was still in the news :P
you know eht!(:
RT When do YOU think it will hit 100° in Tucson? // Hopefully not too soon! ;)
Picked up leaves whilst Magy protected me from the squirrels; we were both successful
A food fetish site, haha
life is so different blonde
"A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing, and the lawn mower is broken."
Never rule 'em out, 'burbs included! RT Getting ready to eat at restos in malls w/ and
depends which the person you're talking to hates more, 'cause you obviously don't like them if you're wedging anything in
Go Wildcats!!
tonight i'm spinning at Beckett's Public House on Lincoln ave! Also, catch my mixes airing at midnight and 2 am cst on 1035 KISS FM Chicago!
Only 1 more spot in my december challenge left!! It's so close and I'm so excited!
Life is too short to let other people's lack of professionalism get you down.
Just getting back from Germany. I had such a great time there. Met so many amazing peoples. <3
Just had my first #RumChata experience. More impressed its made in #Pewaukee!
Rest in peace Gloria... </3
Had a dream had some kinda disease & was bald 😂 hahahah she'd literally kill someone if that happened
I'm all about my bread like a muffin
RELATIONS R NOT EXAMS 'TO PASS OR FAIL' ARE NOT COMPITITION 'TO WIN OR LOSS' THESE R ONLY FEELINGS IN WHICH U CARE SOMEONE MORE THEN U!
Pretty sure - except that was a number the director came up with. King hates the film, likes Steven's better.
(Anonymous) If you can’t be thankful for what you receive, be thankful for what you escape.
It well be nice to be back up and running?
drummers kick ass they make the mood in a song
MT : Help me find a Marketing Analyst for Fancy name for Google Analytics & data interpreter whiz.
I bet we are currently replacing all bedding in all 416 rooms. Talk about time consuming.
Wake up on ur own And look around you cuz you're not alone Release your high hopes and theyll survive Cuz dis is the future and youre alive
#Blast! next weekend/week we're on it! I owe you a train-watch (that's where I watch out for your drunk safety...)
Watching Role Models
Bruno Mars is to cute!
If a guy that was about to die in the electric chair had a heart attack should they save him?
This just seems like a never ending cycle. When will it stop..
Seriously my fave Halloween movie is Hocus Pocus...for years now. (that's about as scary as I go lol)
We're talking #curling this hour on This sport is WAY too complicated for me to ever comprehend!
thanks! I'm having fun with everyone
I dont know .-.
is great on iPhone, I just have to remember to bring my charger.
I know, right? I am in love with them.
Buffett&#39;s cancer to be No. 1 topic at Berkshire meeting
But in all seriousness, Ron Artest has to stop sugarcoating these losses, man. Admit that it was BAD. And that you'll do better.
FRIEND: Gives you 1 dorito GOOD FRIEND: Lets you have the last one. BEST FRIEND: Stares at you smiling and eats all of them
RT Luessenheide Looking to network w/ other Christian Sabbath observers to create synergy , cooperation & communication.
ok then. GAME ON!!
Thank you so much for watching #HartOfDixie <3 I use Nuetrogena and Lancome! They're great products for sensitive skin!
After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes. He said, "No hablo ingles."
How do I become guide on the side in 7th grade? Worried students will socialize instead of be self learners
is showing 4 paintings at the Prak-Sis gallery for the North Center Art Festival 7-9pm
yes I do
BOA. Why don't you sky write the names of the people receiving $150,000 off their mortgages.. and if they miss their names then oops!
either is fine wiff me if i can get some moneyss
This is almost as fun as watching the national championship!
well perhaps u the one with the problem! 2 degrees right! Hahahahaha! Context clues!
Son of a bitch.. I gotta spam DM and I accidentally opened it. ._.
Hey - You Are *Much Too Kind* ... If Anything, Being in the Same Tweet is *You* is Nuthin' But Gravy :)
Welcome to the team Cameron Lord!!!
A special thank you goes out to the fabulous , who emceed today's Hat Day. We will miss you!!!
Sometimes, life doesn't go as planned... but #GOD has a reason for you, to change this generation!
...the Emory T. Clark Family Foundation, the Schoenleber Foundation and the David & Julia Uihlein Foundation.
glad you like them! The #quantifiedself org actually funds video through the cc/
Honesty ion know where to start....
Waitin for my friend to come! I kno he mad at me😡
thanks for making my brain EXPLODE.
been out to park city & snowbird in UT and Lake Tahoe. Altitude & fresh powder are the things you notice ASAP.
A smile is the light in the window of your face that tells people you're at home.
Aaron Rodgers is a person! Lol
“: What's the relationship between Nike and Police...? They both make black people run faster!”
For #BetseyWeek it's obviously #TooToo!
I never took Bachmann seriously in #Politics. Blanket Politicians only bring up the issues #MSM outlines
Raul Ibanez SCHOOLING his former team! 3-Run HR!
i want some now too! Haha
bullshit! I highly doubt it hurts more than giving birth to kids sorry just no.
Congraulations, I am a preschool teacher. Have a great 2011-2012 school year.
Wow. Did that seriously just happen?
EA stirs controversy by adding gay characters to Star Wars game
I work with the greatest team of colleagues and partners in the professional swimming biz. No doubt. Getting it done. 2012 will be a huge.
Mess w/ Wildcats, and the rest of the pack will roar back. Take that "breathtaking arrogance"
Have you staked out your area of the law? For what in the law are you famous? If I Google you or the subject is it easy to find your work?
tears in heaven
What will you cook (or will someone cook for you?) to celebrate Mother's Day this weekend?
For the 200 #Pacer fans thr aren't wearing the free yellow shirts for support....you suck
In reality: Guy likes girl status "She's hot. I'd tap."
When the ice cube in your drink turns sideways and blocks the rest of it<<<
I have a great idea for a novella. Unfortunately, it's literary SF. I wonder if I make it pulp SF w/ the same core if it would be stronger.
Jan is cold. If she was sitting across from you on a train, and she wasn't moving, you might think she was dead.
Facebook stole the hash tag like burger king stole the frappes
Selena goes and Justin bieber best couple in the planet!!!!!luv luv you two forever!!!!!!
Can I have a shoutout? Please!
In Valencia...training at LA Fitness this morning. Hm...I have never seen so many hack squat machines in one place. What again?
Ticked off how could they not put through?! so stupid
OMG I KNO YOU!!! HEY DREW!
I'm listening....
Effective immediately, I am now official and open for business!! Just have to get my rates up and finish getting this on the roll!
New pet peeve: overuse of ellipses. An ellipsis is not always a strong substitution for a comma. Or, in your case, a permanent substitution.
man .... Just chillin... Trying to get some rest.... Had a hard week at the gig on some spaceship Shit. Whatup doe?
The best victory is when the opponent surrenders of its own accord before there are any actual hostilitiesIt is best to win without fighting
No Jimmy protested!!!
We're gonna rock that #WIveGotTheStreets tag tonight. :-)
I'd say..no...because some guys are ridiculously dumb..
Insomnia is soo bad right now
Be sure to join me and L. Norsworthy at Southlake Mall in the Nubian bookstore as I release the new book to the public.
Catching up with one of our AWESOME #college girls. She is double majoring in Film Production and Business at UCR, making GTWT proud!
how excited are you to catch Pettitte again??
Let's Go Nolan!!!
Countdown begins, 2 months until Tia's opens for the 2012 season, warm weather can't come soon enough! 2011 will be tough to top!
Clips for a cause!SunJune5th 10-4,free haircuts,makeup consults,refreshments,raffle prizes pre-book now256-3490Great time for a great cause
Fighting up next: Tulsa, Oklahoma. OCTOBER 9TH!!!
Florent Quellier on gardens in Paris, 16th-18th c., gardeners’ guild controlled food supply, but bourgeois could sell produce on market day.
i am a faithful ass nigga
My eyes are wide-open throughout the nighttime hours to reflect on your word. Ps. 119:148 (oh to make all of Ps. 119 one big faith decree)
Thank you for supporting Assisteen poinsettia sales @ thrift shop, can't beat the price and $$$ go back into community programs!
You thought you'd have the last laugh, but baby you don't know me cuz your dead wrong 😉 - u see what doesn't kill u makes u stronger 💀
I'm in Indy!
OMG guess whose coming on today! Your not going to believe this!
it was delicious! and dinner/drinks with a show! lol
RT:All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity & importance & should be undertaken w painstaking excellence–MLKing Jr
no, thank you! It was a blast
Did you get your 100 followers :)
Once I realized it, I want you more than the world, if you want me to change, I will, I'm sorry..
The weather is heating up, and summer is almost here! What's your favorite beer to drink in the warmer weather?
All of the above.
Stop breaking hearts lol RT Boys hate rejection... *chuckle*
Hah, you know what the difference is between you and I? I was smart enough to leave the bastard. You, not so much.
lmao true that
i can read full article and there is nothing i can do rather then flying bets on my head
so painful. I hope you wait a long time before you get summoned haha
Question: is it hard for guys to say "i love you" ?
": 98.6% of a monkey's DNA is exactly the same as a human being's." Doesn't prove anything
Why does the value of my car go down when my insurance goes up. No bueno
“: #ff chef friends from over the pond ” thx chef much love!
Thanks Myleik!! ;D
How can Mike McQueary e-mail with no fists free?
Oh absolutely! I mean, why wouldnt I want a man that could fit a baby kangaroo in his pants?
Thanks, Nathan.
why not this weekend?!
My cat (who is downstairs, unharmed, has food, water, toys, etc) has been crying for me for the past 90 minutes. It's 2 am.
any chance there's some of your own college experiences captured in ?!?!
for all of us inshallah!
They looked great.
Anytime someone mentions Red Hot Chili Peppers I throw up in my mouth a bit. Thanks for making me feel sick
Take control of your life.. That is the only way to find happiness and fulfillment...
rookie mistake
Thanks, Mari. I've never tried cheesemaking, but my brother loves to make mozzarella - I will pass this along to him :)
Hey, no one said the Zookster couldn't recruit.
That's odd. We will check with our warehouse as soon as they are in today and get back to you.
Massumi in an instinctive act (which is becoming artistic act) the living thing is indexing self to transindiv flow of becoming
oh okay yeah cuz i told her i wanted to go but my wrist started hurting again last week
exciting news of a new project is swirling around the office this morning and getting everyone focussed for a great 2011
baseball beat Oakland 3-2 to tie school record of 37 wins set in 1996.
Hugs to all my friends
CALL Q93 FM.504-260-9393 TO VOTE FOR NO4 ft.DMX "TELL YA FRIENDS" WOW HOW MANY CALLERS CAN WE GET TONIGHT??
The link to 5 reasons to read picture books to children dumps everyone out...and I can't access wikimommy at all :(
and if someone can't decipher basic courtesies, maybe they aren't as smart as they think they are? Those people suck at life
delicious looking marsala.
It's not too late to commit to your New Year's Resolutions, see the apps that will help you lose those extra pounds
I hate this class. I am SO over school.
#AustinChangedOurLives Mahomies will trend this to be the one (:
#500th tweet goes out to the love of my life!!
yeah thanx for that NOT😱 I was quite excited when you said you had a present for me well then ☺
First class. Blonk
Thank you, Blanca! ": Good minds work well together:)"
“: Interior Tips Before painting a room, wipe down the walls and tape off all molding." Great tip!
There is nothing cuter than 14 year old goth kids in love.
Thanks for hosting and post formal!!
Her son didn't have autism in the first place.
you can thank him personally at Tony's on Friday
Where's my little sister when i need to talk to her?! ZANEAAAAA!!!!
Dimas among my favorite Olympians growing up, definitely top 10, maybe top 5.
Why isn't Shannon Elizabeth in more movies? She's hot.
I RT and hit favorite Cuz I couldn't choose:)
I miss NYC. Can't wait return in late April for a few days.
“: If doesn't lower her music i will punch her in the tits continuously” <---- psycho bitch alert
That'll happen. RT : I think I just "got" REM. Bloody typical, eh.
Que Viva Nuevo Mexico, Que Viva! Happy #100BirthdayNM, land of enchantment or land of entrapment...nothing but love for ya.
Amazing lemonade stand at 1916 Burling, benefits alexs lemonade stand, children with cancer
I decided to face reality today. Won't be doing that again anytime soon.
Gah! Now "the company" is blocking my site at work. Does this mean I can blog about the job in safety now? Probably not.
Bitch we B.B.E fuck who dnt like!
RT 200,000 jobs added in December. Most of them Walmart greeters to help load pepper-sprayed customers to ambulances.
#Fishers had a city-town study committee in 2009 and #CityYes submitted 1700 petitions in May 2010? Why the delay?
since i can't watch the game live, i better wake up in the morning to having another championship title
I am so blessed to be where I am right now. Way too many good people in this world to focus on a few bad ones.
Shiiit I do.or they see subtweets RT Omg tell em RT : Ladies that natural look is not for all y'all
Everyone please pray with me as my mother goes under a surgical procedure on her throat. Thank you all in advance
Considering the many ways people can contact each other these days, YES!
I rage all over the map. You just rage in berea. Goodnight loser :)
GASO Championship Monday!
thanks for spreading the good word! Too hot to walk to Central Market yet?
"Even the largest, sexiest brands (Starbucks, McDs, Pepsi) have less than 4% engagement on Facebook."
a year ago i wrote on here, "the weather tonight is as perfect as it can be," and the same's def true tonight. this's my fav time'a year <3
Feeling blessed
on fone w/ wireless co at lunch to manage text spam-but kind of hilariously, robo-responder is answering his own questions.
sorry for what Ali is going through. I wish you the best! I know my mom struggled finding answers when I was a baby.
only 4x? what? only? he noticed me once </3 lol but thank you ♥ #yee and austin loves you.. he loves we all remember that!
so Tristin took me on a date tonight (: we went ice skating.
Wat up doe
This song was produced to the max capacity. Amazing.
I cannot wait to work out tonight.
No crown more glorious than that thorn one she's wearing in that diatribe.
Google+ kind of awesome! It probably won't be nearly as much fun once everyone else can use it though.
This work of Art will leave you lifeless, and speechless. If you have not seen it, ''get off your ass and go'' Janet Jackson is ''OVER'
Being childlike in our design, being honest, being kind l, being personal - gives us an advantage
: Aw, thanks for sharing it! My Yelpers sound great. I however, was a little nervous...
Black people make the best kool aid lol stg!
Thank you for the much appreciated
Badgers in the sweet 16 reminds me of the FRG days.. Would love to be in the front row at super dome on thurs! Right ? :)
Skinny Love<3
Kevin Minemier bk in court 4 restitution hearing. Heading there now. What's the price tag 4 stabbing & trying to kill yur friend? Thoughts?
Where is everyone volunteering for Park Day 2012? We want to hear from you!
Mane tomorrow gone be a long day. No sleep tonight & gotta drive all day
I love that show.
Mac Book Pro... The only way to go...
Btw, U're Awesome! :)
Just went to bath and bodywork! Now smell like a thousand different scents
That's IMPOSSIBLE! Cus the whole Universe knows that #ILOVEYOUMOST! #ENDOFSTORY. XD.
omg!! i hope you can tell her i will litterally start crying. like no joke i actually will
not lucky, just good . . . at my job!
Best recoord in baseball-
but I heard Blake and your mom were throwing a rager!! So jealous haha, wasn't planning on it.
It's halftime.
What I thought would never be and what I thought would be has change. What I know will be is what I never wanted it to be.
Eric Baum of Sony Pictures at Production Conference - "These views are my own and NOT Sony's". Nice entrance.
agreed. Too bad H doesn't agree.
If you aren't watching the new Rickey Gervais show, Life's too Short, you really need to. Both of the first two episodes were amazing.
thanks for the RT's yesterday!
#nowlistening "Put a Penny in the Slot" - first time I heard this song, I had to pull my car over. Strong stuff.
The privilege of a lifetime is being who your are
Based on worn merchandise, tomorrow's game will feature the Giants vs. the Colts. Almost no Patriot presence.
Eli on SNL in 30 minutes.
. "...Cat People Notorious erotic horror film from 1982 with Nastassja Kinski" atsa good 1! malcolm mcdowell's always weird.
Looks great!! Did you do the sites or the logos?
*ATTENTION* Does anyone want a brand new iPad 3. It's in great condition. Anyone interested. Minimum of $350
stevenson look like he straight out da hood.
Tools that can make your job and your personal life a bit easier. The 5 most useful social media tools from the past week via
Hahahahahahahahaha yeah, that's why.
Love these late nights working at the #MLSdigi office :)
Theres a big guy standing outside my car
This night officially suck butt! No plans at all and no one is texting back.... Blah!
haha thanks T
Life is funny like that/sometimes its bugged the fuck out/sometimes I take it to the church/sometimes I just like to hang out
Run is done, grass is mowed...yoga is next, then some fun in the jeep for the rest of the day...YES! :)
that awkward moment when you think you're not perfect in every way..
Happy birthday to the bro bro tho
done! I assume you'll leave the snark on the personal account only :)
yea, more emails gotta love the communication between founders
I get bored way to easy...I need
Lmao x') : Don't judge me! :( " Neat o?(x ": The battleship movie commercial used "predato ...
Very": Interesting RT : Jason Russell the guy who made the Kony documentary was arrested last night for...
Poor fakers getting embarrass for the second time in 3 games lol
great job at #EBWW. You are an inspiration!
On my way to the shed. It's a beautiful day for life love and real friends. I appreciate everyone of you, love and respect. -joshua
The Rogues were simply amazing!
hahaha I like that. You still in Cali? I'm moving to San Fran in a couple of weeks
REMINDER: Every jumbled pile of person has a thinking part that wonders what the part that isn't thinking isn't thinking of.
Gotta blackout after that
What are your favorite hot air balloons this year?
you might want to check that handle…as I'm & those aren't my socks :)
Thanks for the Follow! We couldn't follow ur last link to the city resolution for support of local artists. Post it again?
who WOULDN'T want to play for a winning team.. easy choice : )
thanks 4 the follow :)
Oh ok sorry, I'm n Miami RT : what state!?
Okay, here goes: tweet! Wow, the interwebs may never be the same.
Bout to hoop anybody wanna come
it's funny cause this tweet is incredibly true....
oh please it's not like we would ever see these guys ever again...
Can I twitter from my phone?
Today in 1865 US President Abraham Lincoln was shot while at the Ford theatre in Washington and died the next day
IMAX strives against limits, exemplifies lure of boundlessness in contemporary media culture--Mary Ann Doane
Waiting for an oil change. Way past due, just can't put it off anymore.
Thank you!!!!
Who is your favorite celebrity to follow on Twitter? We'd love to know.
tomorrow at skullys
Had an 11-hand run at the #blackjack tables. The end-of-the-month heroics rear their head again as I make
I am not sure people who salmon ride are on twitter RT Always ride in the same direction as traffic whether on the sidewalk or road
Thank you too! You're a great friend x
second one should
Same here!
On my way to Salt Lake City this morning and then on to Fresno. This is going to be a transformational week.
Selling a car via Craigslist. Kill me now.
Yeah it's time to take a stand !!!!!
"Seattle SuperSonics" is trending. That has to be a buzzkill for OKC fans. It isn't going away quietly.
where you at
At daa hotel(:
. The storm is over... got a rainbow picture! Spent 2 hrs sorting closet, changing seasonal wardrobe, making donation bag,etc
There is such a thing is social media over-load, but I'm not there! LOL!! The key is to consider your life style and balance it!
Bit of a argument happening...President Clinton also wanted to sing "Baby Got Back"...may do a duet...
60 still lmao how about you
Tracy told me to tell u were at applebees
There is a + relationship between inches of snow and photos on my FB friends' proflies
its on fox but on my guide it dont say it
Watching Sting on Ellen and he has a lady dancer in a red dress. Looking forward to seeing him tomorrow night at Masonic Center.
This TA must not understand the meaning of blank stares.
“: Everybody hit the gym”
Hey, Nice pic of the Falls. Just so you know, you're in my hood. Which is a lot cooler than saying neighborhood. Evidently.
that's good! :)
Lol thanks! Tell your mom i said hello RT : Happy bday red bull!
Just had a total moment with : Do you know your HSI email address? No, it's on my bill and I have paperless billing...
they say words cut deep like meat cleavers, nah i dnt even speak much they label me a peace keeper.
open your doe hoe
#21JumpStreet funniest movie of the Year!
I didn't know you guys had a softball team! Do you play against the other govt agencies?
i just replied bruh
We will be shooting the hospital scene for the Christian Movie "Without a Father" on Friday and Saturday Dec 11-12 in San Antonio.
No way Denver should win IN or against Patriots and that's not an indictment on Tebow but talent. Shock the World!!!
Different metrics for success in social media: volume, sentiment, or even as small as changing small business' life
Thank u my sir RT : Congrats to my bro officially walking that stage today
Maker Faire shuttles have begun from Fairlane mall.
Who did I miss? Anyone? Travis. Right, not gonna happen. I think that about covers it. 25 to choose from and only 2 look promising.
ALL 2012 COLLEGE graduate's CONGRAT'S..
How many of you attended the #MobileUXCamp DC? If not, be on the lookout for the presentations!
Gonna go to bed :] #inagoodmood<3 !
haha love you too! & yeah convinced me! I'm lovin it.
Already a gorgeous day in #SantaMonica! Happy Easter!
hahaha it feels like study hall with schnecker was yesterday!
Micalanne (Micalanne) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
Cool! Could you please link me to that blog post about #asexuality on #House?
RT: : Last week for Birth of Impressionism! \\ Wonderful exhibit! So many iconic paintings, including "Whistler's Mother!"
ran away, well, as long as Alexis is happy, i am.
Myers RBI single with the bases loaded puts the score at 3-0 before Haack's three-RBI double puts the Cajuns up 6-0. SBCSB
No problem ;D I'm doing well, how are you ? :D
Great game between Patterson & Gonzaga.
It feels like a Friday, but it's not
San Diego social media symposium
then how would any have the chance to take you serious. Sounds lonely.
dang where do u work?
happy national chocolate day
Are you ready for some FOOTBALL lets go Raiders can we give the packers there 1st lose? Have a great day everyone wish your teams the best.
everyone deserves to be mourned
Can you follow me i just did!!!!
Prayers, peace of mind, 😔
can't hear the cowboy bebop introduction without also hearing bill cosby going YA SEE
wassup wit u today?
hey, i am following you, how's your classes?
I love your name! Ballet is a great way to feel graceful in your movement! Thanks for following!
Some day my man... Let me know when you buy a cruise ship to take to the bahamas.
i wish i could grow a mustache at my old age. would love to give a magical mustache ride
Dishonesty is not always a lie.
I can't help it 😂
Is a milky way bar considered food enough that I can take my medication with?
I only read, look at books, and sketch. And daydream--daydreaming's important too.- Karl Lagerfeld
if you hate ICONIACS so much that you talk shit bout us then why do you follow me bitch?!
the Downtown Y! Great Group fitness classes & instructors!
Ah, another endemic problem of newspapers online. Stuff...everywhere!
The Pinch: Discounts offered to celebrate Tax Day
getting off.
Is there a line between what is, and what isn't art...? How I adore the play, "The Shape of Things" by Neil LaBute. :)
thank you man! Things great, how about you? Been a long time since the bus 22 days.
I love Galveston too. :-) I am only an hour from there. ": like little texas once sang god blessed texas"
A big shout out to our new followers! You are very appreciated! :)
Bird on my deck: are you a Western Kingbird or a Mockingbird? I will customize my seed offerings since you're the only bird that visits me.
the shxt you see on facebook smh
Looks like I stuck myself on that one..
Maybe someday you will ask where is that girl who liked to cry? Maybe she does not like to cry but you would like to
I know about all kinds of top secret projects. Maybe you should come to #CovertTU and we can compare...
I don't know you anymore.
Joplin, MO destroyed and gets news coverage for a day, heavy winds and rain in NE and media treats it like armageddon
Ugh! I need something to do. . .
Haha , guys don't understand girl issues lol (:
I am learning how to knife throw for a hobby. and having someone throw knives at me. This just got awesome
how are you? <3
what time are you comng over? the mpvie is at 7:30, come over at like 6?!?!?!
you should give a shout. She is a huge fan.
School is hitting hard again for me too :( Who assigns a 10 page paper and presentation for the day after sb?
Never stop dreaming.
On my way to work ... got to get on my grind early ...
that was gonna be my next guess
Wow guys Working out is one of the best things in the world!
RT I lost a follower :( <<Naw you got one!
yahoo? or facebook?
smoking may seem cool when you're 15, but you pay for it 10+ years later. But, #IQuitSmoking!
Jon Temte points out that Google isn't necessarily a bad way to find information, as long as you know how to evaluate what you find.
Thankfully I'm only guilty of 1 -- the FB birthday messages. Although I do word them differently for everyone.
So it looks like I get to go home. I've got a rotten gallbladder that's been causing all these problems. Back on air Wednesday evening.
yep I love it!
Agreed. How could they be passing lanes when everyone knows they're really parking lanes?
It's my first time listening through but I *LOVE* "Over You". Makes me think dearly of a friend that recently passed every time.
Think you mean ombre, but hombre is good too ;) (stupid, stupid autocorrect)
She's preaching this thang!!!
RT : Stop this vicious cycle of the old school network marketing techniques and learn the new model of attraction marketi ...
Leheigh over Duke? Norfolk over Mizzo? How about 5 unanswered goals from NoDak to lead 5-3 over Minnesota!
You guys are going to make me all teary. Love, love, and love to you both!!! xoxoxo
Time for some call of duty... but I think Im gonna play call of duty 4..
Are you here today? We're headed down to Capitol Grille in a bout 15 minutes!
Is that a request or a lament?
If it weren't for chocolate milk, by now I would have snapped and you'd all be dead.
you own the #50thRolex24 job well done!
Mhmmm going home :)
Thank for for all your Boba explanations.. To be honest if I wanted balls in my tea I'd rather.. Wait. Um. Let's just forget that shall we.
Went into iTunes to look at one thing...30 minutes later all I want to do is buy buy buy.
Karen Lamb said "A year from now you'll wish you had started today." So what is stopping you from starting right now?
Today the sun rises for me.... Everything seems to speak to me of my passion ... And all day long, I will LIVE it. -Ana Lam
Today I asked #HRW AGAIN just to identify which #Libya militias #torture prisoners so I can meet w/ militias to help stop it. HRW refused.
I don't wanna see it.
I made French lemon creme brûlée on Saturday afternoon. It was all gone by Saturday night. So sad.
the stone that the builder refused will always be the headcornerstone... this is rolling round my head
Conversations on the phone with my girlfriend 😊
Wow did the week go by fast, what's everyone doing this weekend?
I love you more! How are we in the same town and haven't seen each other?!
figured I'd try this twitter thing again..
Hi everyone
I hated that when we did that here last year. Blech.
- off topic - The Astros beat Cardinals 2 out of 3 - could they be contenders? :-)
Hey guys about to go to my gail cell which is school!!! Ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
haha ok I'll check it.
#ReTweet if You Like Beer, Boobs and Bacon
rewarding mediocrity “: Notre Dame gives coach Brian Kelly 2-year contract extension.”
tell mr and mrs hello!
« « Hahahahaha. RT Financial crimes unit?! NEW LAW AND ORDER SERIES!!!! #SOTU»»http://
We do not post that info in site would be glad to speak with you tied up next few days with family
red line single tracking towards shady grove. Stopped at Farragut north station.
It is 1 thing to report something thru your chain of command, it's another thing to be a good citizen & report a crime to the authorities...
yea I love jay garricks new orgin its like hals origin but dying god instead of alien
ayyee i freaking love u!!!! Omg boyfriend is amazing <3 can u please follow back please!! Much Love. Thank you<3
Yes your eyes look stunning!(:
Love nurtures the emotional body; understanding fills the voids created by pain.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Cruel Intentions
wish i could
I like being mean. 😊
I've never been more excited for any Weekend Show....ever.
Just realized my guinea pigs' water bottle leaks. I was starting to think they had diabetes.
I'm being called lame because I take care of the kids. How is that lame?
The will to live will always outweigh the ability to die.
Today's work day is done! Off to library to pick up some books from circ then home. Hmm, what to do, what to do...
MT has just been in a meeting at House of Lords. Also sat in on live Lords debate on the Education Bill. What an inspiring place.
I have the urge to splurge, the need for speed, the desire for...a fire? I'm just in a crazy mood! ah!!!!
ok soo is yo company name BSM? I need your company logo , you can send it to me in my email and your picture.
All of a sudden , Im not sleepy
“: Positive people around me” <---- :-) :-) ur only missing me! miss u boys tonite!
It's pathetic how I can't even sit at home for one night.
Smart activation by Olay for #Grammys red carpet giving one lucky winner the chance to walk the red carpet.
It was really suttle, and can only be seen after watching it multiple times. He's dirty
misty! You're blog is so inspirational! I'm also a huge fan of the #OWN network Oprah is such an incredible spiritual teacher
Scientific tests find that when women make love they produce amounts of the hormone estrogen, which makes hair shine & skin smooth.
Happy Birthday. . . Maybe it's time to graduate to become a Black Belt Bachelor.
ha! Has he explained the DC vs. Marvel rivalry yet?
feelin good this morning ohio state in the final 4 checkthe stats my team winning
is that the deschanel one?
lol...what u tryna play next year?
I'm back
I would disagree. There's something about hand eye coordination that comes with writing that is lost with a keyboard and mouse
Strategies when program begins, First – “If legs are trembling, lean on lectern /table or shift legs.”
Who yall think bout to win this #game?? #dallas #vs #oklahoma its hella close but im thinking
looking for a hit record? hit me up then!
I love when people say i cant do somethin, because i always prove them wrong in the end
Tracking new songs tonight at Flowers Studio in Minneapolis tonight!
Can't wait to see kill it on stage tonight.
thanks Rachel :) really excited!
Patience, perseverance and passion for the project: redesigning library website. So true!
line MAX train and meet me at Pioneer Courthouse Square. Trying to disturb Louise's studies as little as possible.
your face is like a melody, it wont leave my head
Wish was selling a vitamix
Yes, but mostly by remembering them, since age 3, and try to analyze patterns and sequences. Recall many from decades ago.
I text you. You dont text back. I feel stupid.
#NP Party Girl - Asher Roth X Meek Mill
shopping for #yoga wear is extremely disheartening. these models' "poses" are insane.
So On the plane our pilot told us LAX was shut down And we would have to stop in Vegas instead. Best #Aprilfools Of the Day haha.
Industry images submitted by Elin and Lydia - one week e-mail going out to photogs
Unending at that!
Having an emotional breakdown over graduation.
Thanks buddy! Hope you are doing well!
If you lie to get out of jury duty & brag about it on the radio, you get charged with #felony perjury in #Denver. Hat tip:
for some reason it is not showing as an option in the browser and is greyed out in the Twitter App - can you try to DM me pls?
thanks bro
Well since I was home maybe 5 hours this whole weekend, my homework will have to wait until the period before it's due tomorrow
horrible happens and I don't want anyone to die fjfjrkfkffskdjd
Only one reason to buy Soul Caliber V. Ezio. Dammit Ezio.
It's a wonderful day at The University of Aesthetic
WAR EAGLE
My friend feel the same way bout me i eat so much but dnt gain nun
Civil War Washington as a digital geographical case study of the city over crucial 5 year period
agreed. There's some insanely funny moments and great one liners. But I'm not sure I like it. Or what it says about us youngins.
- We will release the details in the coming days over twitter - stay tuned !
The best job in the world? NEVER! (or at least not right away ;) RT : If you win, would you leave NBC 5?
Yeah, it definitely puts a crimp in one's lifestyle when you have to be home at a certain time to feed them.
that argument me & my sister just had < < smh
Lets go !
follow me plzz
Loving the sheep's milk ricotta & pear ravioli at Telepan
Breaking down and installing Office on the Mac.
It's pretty there. I used to fish the Fox River. Will be a great, relaxing get-away for you two
I agree completely
This cold is kicking my ass
Get prepared ahead of time. Keep it real, people.
Hehe. I promise I'll try. Just for you. (:
Stress you ? Nah, imma dead you, forget you, act like I never fucking met you.
I wrote the *beautiful* song for a very special girl you might know who it is RT if you want me to perform it live on twitcam friday
thanks for the follow! You have a great list of client artists. Are you based in New York?
Art Blakey and homemade acorn squash/sweet potato soup
I don't think it's cheating.
what is it???
Damn, Blake Mills on #Conan!
#mla12 #s305 Rolland Murray: institutionalization of minority lit study has redefined ideological functions of works by writers of color.
Is there a SanDiego police scanner website? Sirens make me curious...
Hey all you facebook junkies try this experiment of mine..With out hesitation right the first thing that comes to mind that starts with a S
no seriously though, grunge
This is the first day of the rest of your life. Make it count
just watched "The Guild" (excellent web series btw). Were you at Codex/Cyd's party?
Tue May 15th Drops It for Party!
that's _very_ cool.
It is so awkward on the bus
Can't sleep, time to watch #TheGuild again! This show is my second fave after
thanks dude
Jesus isn't afraid of your four day stink. John11
yeah, Ikr? The time changes always mess me up, it may be more! Who knows?!
i gotta assume they just want to make it more of a 2 back system cuz the injury last season scared em, plus #tightpockets in chi
At frys baby.
What a great opening night! Can't wait to see what the rest of the season brings... Thanks to all who helped us kick off the 2012 season!
of course! I enjoyed it. Thanks for sharing great insights
Hilton Head, South Carolina
Next year, I'm doing it. If i want to chase my dreams, i actually have to do something..
Tip: Don't get salary obsessed when you investigate a veterans charity. High salaries can be bad but are not necessarily so.
Shh... I see stupid people!
Looking forward to it! “: So excited to have talking about Jockey's PR at the #SMMS!
Every day gets a little better....then it gets tougher
i dont has a wristband D: i cant get one til the 7 of august D: can you hold on for me?
marquette is gonna be a tough out in the tourney!
So fucking awkward like I cant. I cannot
How, I ask, can one be expected to forgive the perpetrators of wrongs that may well affect the course of one's future?
Agreed. Bacon is absolutely universal.
Ah. It would sound so good as a blurb. Can we con somebody into saying it so we can quote it?
what about our gorgeous singer
so im a music producer, and i need a rapper & a singer. ^-^
Just take me away from all that I am.
You are really into arts and crafts today
nice to see you tonight missy!
Building WordPress blogs -mini-money sites I hope will bring me some cha-ching.
Big Red needs to go off on his players on the sidelines. Inexcusable penalties
Time 2 get ready work.. the grind never stops
Booking a hotel for tomorrow night. Splitting trip in half. Driving halfway tomorrow night , rest on Wednesday. Staying in Birmingham.
The steak bocadillos at the Sonora Grill are crazy good. Didn't think it could get better than their caramelos.
My allergies are coming back ); red bumps all over my body again.
No problem. Lots more if you ever need them. One of my internships was really me exploring the city since it was travel writing
One last ride down the race track, and up, up, and away! Carroll Shelby GT, (89)
Red eyes no visine
Motivation does not lead to success, commitment does
I love the #simpsons picking on the Fox football robot..."nobody likes you!" so true Homer, so true!
Romney would make a great Christopher Guest character. I'm thinking Fred Willard.
didnt get to go to the gym today >.> blarrgghhh
Won the championship!
WEDNESDAY SEE ME
are you coming with me this friday? :D #bestiesforlife♥
More than alive-The Ready Set
thinking my favorite time of year in NM is the fall.
WHAT CHANNEL
New Report Global Yeast Market (2011 - 2016) Published by MarketsandMarkets
Playing at 7-9pm tonight! My first show of the year. It's good to be back.
Cassy, but I think there is merit in "vegging out" too... I like to go see movies sometimes just to enjoy getting lost in them:)
too bad white sox lost yesterday. :(
or virginity.
Keep on dreamin' even if it breaks your heart <3
Surprised with flowers from a client, Delta Sigma Theta Sorority at work! It's nice to know my work is appreciated. Thanks ladies!
UGA students- come on out to the Tate Center. Meghan is at the FSU table today!
High performance leadership is within reach of anyone. What changes can you make today to have better leadership within your organization?
Cannabis Sativa is a cure....Not a drug....Get wit the program Ppl....
Having someone you really dislike as your reader
Owling, the new planking?
Book your #taxi online! Just visit www.broadwaycab.com right now! So easy and you don't even have to stand up!
This time...make it a Kurzweil (wink)
Free Pies for Pi day out in the Library Quad! Get some before it's all gone!
needing a good nights sleep tonight!
Today's Layoff Bounceback Tip: Use new Occupational Outlook Handbook online to research best career options for you.
hahaha i swear i looked retarded as ever. embarassing. hey Text me I got some funny stuff to tel youu!! 812 573 3225
Trying to get together a plan for Memorial Day Weekend. Anyone doing anything fun/want to do anything fun? Water & Booze is a requirement
Today's BTU inspiration: "If you're not perpetually surprised by the fact of your existence, then you don't deserve to exist." ~Tagore
Guy in front of me on the bus is reading Godel Escher Bach. Who says only nuts ride the bus?
Superbad is still so funny. i can't handle it.
really? That's surprising.
Filming in CANO's upcoming music video tomorrow in the lead role of the Club Owner! Look out for it soon!
Love da Gotye,FUN,Anything f/Grouplove or YTG Albums, Foxy Shazam-listen to me preach these things in school they don't teach
When faculty are suspicious of librarians, you have to "dress like one of them".
didn't make it for that! But, I did see Joey save his sandwich from a "gun shot"
yea who is this tho?
idont have yur number saved, text me.
#BAVC Kat Cizek advises filmmakers to extend documentaries beyond just showing and telling with tactile elements
will you guys being signing autographs anywhere at the altar bar in pittsburgh for the outbreak tour?
Had a wonderfull time at Long beach!!I love it!!Got such a good tan..Cant wait for the next country to visit which is Canada!YAY!!! xoxoxoxo
I'd rather have no friends than fake friends.
"Don't know if we each have a destiny, or if we're all just floating accidental like on a breeze" sums up krup so far.
Auto DMs are the worst. And unfollowing the person is so difficult
Countys start tomorrow. Lets bring home the championship halls. We can do this :)
I'm pretty sure Stephen A. Smith was born without an inside voice
10 empty bottles of champagne in the recycling today. Now that's what I call a brunch.
you bet. See you on 6/9 for our Four Families Date Night...
ike your an extremley desperate pig that will fuck anything with a vagina.
It's beautiful out today...
TRIVIA: Endesha Baraka Eagle Chapter is located on what campus?
The last time that I can remember being this close to a sell-out crowd was in 2006 for the Charity Game. Congrats to the Ads!
why thank you! :)
Love seeing the girls on #ERedCarpet!
We write songs off fan contributions, lyrics,riffs,MIDIfiles,rants,poems,journal entries, anything really.
if ur sending to everyone I wanna see lmao
Bang bang shrimp!
thank you kindly ;)
new songs comin to yall radio soon
what ride are you at????
Matthew Perry has purty eyes.
it floors me every time I hear Ellen sing, "we aren't who I thought we could be / but I don't always listen to me."
Kennard, Nadzam Named to SEC Community Service Team: Kennard was a volunteer at the Ronald McDonald House, Club 3:16 and Lake Pointe ...
I lose like 2 followers a day haha.
#NP Bird On A Wire - x RiFF RaFF
happy birthday, Chris!! I can't wait for the new record! xo
Farewell, Minneapolis/St. Paul...
Do u know people that talk talk talk and in ur head u like ya ya ya??? I DO!!!
The #big10expo is the morning of March 9, which is also the Big Ten BBall tourney. Start off the weekend with a networking event!
you shouldn't feel insulted.. She forgot how to speak English... She's known that for 21 years
it is democracy. But it doesn't mean the outcome is progressive.
What were you saying again?
. probably modular plastic models would be fine
You're very welcome.
Teaching guitar lessons all evening
That's the complicated way of cutting yourself.
Our After School Acting Club's show is 2/28 @ SY Jackson. Come and see what they've been up to this month! Contact our office for info.
Two days of TextMate and I came running back to vim. I just can't navigate without command mode.
Confusion cleared.
Thanks Sandra! Looking forward to tweeting with ya!
agreed! MT : I don’t think [DH/collab] will ever be for everyone. But it should be okay for more people. And for junior scholars
who wants to rendezvous ? 😉😊
heyy what are u doing tonightt?
Chuckie has "chicken pops"
I like your background, but I don't know how to tell you. It's not like facebook. I can't write on your wall!
Wonderful! Book 2 Hint: It's a love story.
I miss winter ;c
Treat her like a dog, call the bitch lacy.
“It's no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has to make sense.” Mark Twain
In case my pitch was exciting, more here: textlab.org
very interesting
lets go axe man!
Dude I had the same ref at UofO 25 yrs ago
Heading to Elton John's first concert in Vegas residency comeback at Caesars. An inside look on Fox 5 News at 10!
Today is a weird day ! A weird weird day!
we need something! I mean, it's Goldwater country, but this is getting ridiculous out there!
Does anyone know what all the Supa Saints (fans) twitters are? We want to follow them!
Can the SCOTUS adjudicate being backward ass country f*cks?
Gimme $20. Then do your resume. Biatch.
I would do it!
No doubt
was just asked if i was available for a meeting on 11/8. WHAT!?!? November 8th!?!? That is months from now, right?
while i redo my myspace page, and request you as my friends all over again.
What's the world coming to been tweeting LOL!
Ahh. Their playin in detroit but the tickets im buying are like 246 dollars but he's cutting it in half for meh, #ilikecats!
I wish would do a show about students in debt. $60,000 and counting, and I'm only 20. A senior in college, I'm not the only.
haha i love that game
#Thefuqk the light flickering and shit?
I love you more than life itself gurl ;) ": :o ...... </3 I THOUGHT YOU LOVED ME!"
Orlando, Florida
Leaving Watergate for home. 6min commutes are highly advantageous :)
“: no” lol. You two are hysterical. A modern day Stan and Holly.
Facebook reserving the ticker $FB. Will they list on NYSE or Nasdaq?
&& At the end of the day Samira & Breanna are my bestfriends/family. They are always there for me to lean on & my rock through it all !
When cries when she thinks of the or Jonathan Quick. omgg.
nice call. Maybe Antonio Bryant too.
but I don't skate :/
AFAs REQUIRE attorney/client communication at all stages.
seattle. good to be back in you
i sent you some tracks!
Yea yea wateva
(((Annaliesje))) how was Vegas? Did you have fun & get a tan? Great to see you back online!
thxs 4 following i followed u :) so tommorz u get a SO
Thank u for bringing up this race issue. Goes both ways, especially when certain analyst think RG3 will be better than Luck
ePub session at #stc11 is standing room only
Thanks for the follow, Lillian
I am who I am. Don't like it? I don't care.
Ya'll wanna hear my music??
Texas Crawfish Festival today. (:
1 new shirt added weekly on Thursdays! We already have the queue loaded until February!
dear dc foodie friends: do you know ? she's a local food writer for WaPo, Washingtonian, and CityEats. :)
reclamale a el entonces y dime a donde van a ir?
my article "Rewriting Genre in Edna O'Brien's The Country Girls Trilogy" will be available on Project Muse in Sept, in print this fall!
Pierce drops a #Tebow? People are still doing that?
I bet can hook you up with some shooting drills - they love drills. Right ?
You know what I want? I want yesterday. ~ Natalie Wood
I love my gay guys<3 but plse plse stop tryna to holla on the low.
laughed when i saw spenser! :)
Select from 10 different Darjeeling teas on sale. Darjeeling is known worldwide as the "Champagne of teas", a wonderful India black tea.
RT : What about the history of developers and microsoft going forward?
Dude! It was Chic White Sox 6 Oak 0 at the top of the 4th...Now it's 7-7 Top of the 9th...WTF?!?!
What a crummy past few months for WI sports fans, so close, yet so far away.
I'm at the tech class too!
Cold Temperatures Rock South Texas! At Express Lube, we'll make sure your vehicle's antifreeze is providing adequate protection.
putting that bitch all in yo business and thats the same bitch that'll gimme a kidney!
Sorry to be that guy; but, entertainment flacks: *Hollywood* stands alone in all press release datelines (No *Calif.*).
Drove home and all the street lights were out.
Watching the game of course !
#LT won't have to deal with that tyrant next year 😁
Stirsman could you kindly point out to this gentleman what sunglasses he is wearing in his profile picture?
true. I was there yesterday, Blackmon is going to be a beast.
I've been trying 2 get you 2 follow me for so long that it feels like it been years please end this lifetime of disappointment!
RT Our cat ran away. Bay View people, if you see the cutest catty ever, its mine. Her name is Sweets but she'll answer to Fwee-Fwee
Shooting new sketches for our online series 'The Grind' this weekened: Gamer-Nerd-mania!!
where have you been :( I texted you a few times no reply
Check email Sean. has my home e-mail and follow me on Twitter! Coming tonight!
Currently reading the Amfleet safety instruction booklet.
If you let me, here's what I do, I'll take care of you. :-)
I want to scratch my chest off right now. This was not a good idea.
We need people to see the epic conclusion of #MauSe! It's only right-- end it on a real dramatic note!
pitch book on your iPad! #green #sleek &
Did you forget about NSD today!?
The bus ride back home . . ctfuu !
Short for what? Scotch and water?
Today's trouble is enough for today.
This is one of the disadvantages of wine: it makes a man mistake words for thought! ~ Anonymous
Holy shit. skate deck. Consider it ordered.
HAPPY NEW YEAR AUSTIN!! <3 <:D
When a boy calls you cute, he likes your face.When he calls you hot, he likes your body.When he calls you beautiful, he likes your heart.
absolutely will do. :)
He tries hard? #igotnothin RT : Can someone please explain the fascination with Colt McCoy in Cleveland?
Whats wrong crystal
You guys have my permission for the crown for this year and beyond.
5/22 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Kevin Flynn
Today at Noon! Tune into: MARINA's High-nrg Fitness Musical Health Talk featuring Cat Migliaccio & Brandon Osborn will air on FTNS.CO...
Awesome last night out on the East Coast. It was Legend...wait for it...
It's the rap monger rap monster earl sweat attack conquer
If sportsbooks were legal in AC casinos, their popularity/handle would rival/surpass LV in short order
Hey Arnold
