you don't know that! Meanie! Waaahh~. :(
seriously when was the war of 1812. . . are you serious!
No offense intended, I am sure, to the third or fourth child in the family.
Working Harder than the next man so the next man can't take my place!
Obama Gay Marriage Announcement: Many Black Americans Shrug Off New View: ARDMORE, Pa. -- Like many black Americans, Dorsey Jackson d...
Love it - RT : Teaching entrepreneurship when you've never run a business is like teaching literature without being a reader.
Nice work today it was fun!
thanks Mike - we should do something together soon!
Good show tonight at the cup. It's fun playing when any note you want is there. Thanks to everyone that came out!
I dont know where this rain came from...definitely wasn't paying attention to the forecast on my phone...
check out my new music video on you tube typing Phanuel why
This is only the beginning...
man, i need a best friend.
Classic gate 35. Find comfort in knowing your experience is the norm...?
YIPPEE! Just found out we won a Bronze Anvil of Commendation Award!
I didn't think of Target. I have to check it out the next time the bug hits fir a Slurpee.
OHMYJESUS we've been looking for that for like years lol
I'm going to keep smiling
Thank you!! Anytime!!
awww now i seem like a mega bitch. are you ok?
#YouGePointsIf you have colored eyes 😊👀
If my stares created heat, the guy sitting in front of me at the library would be wearing a nice, backless shirt. If he survived the burns.
Long game
First of its kind return of premium health insurance! Endorsed to own by author....... Call 1 888 272 6110 for product or career info now!
Hey Does Superman like snow? for & and a #NBA draft pick could help
#TheBestFeelingIsWhen you get home from a long, stressful day of work & you can relax, peacefully with your aroma diffuser & favorite oil!
#Budwieser commercial inspired this... #Milwaukee, If you could raise up your glass and cheers right now..what would you cheers to?
pizza And beer for me
JORDAN DARLING...EVICT NATALIE SHE MADE UP THE LIES & GOT KEVIN TO TWIST IT AROUND TO JEFF...DONT BE FOOLED!!
Why must school have to start tomorrow!!
Hoe ass rain
baby why don't we just
Just finished tour of SD airport's $1 billion expansion; officials say 10 new gates, easier access by Aug. 2013
Wow, great picture!
at downtown public library using a computer next to a guy reeking of booze, playing air guitar to Nickleback videos on YouTube.
Aye guys May 25 stay asleep the whole day E....(;
I know that feel.
Thanks for supporting the art of magic. I look forward to crossing paths in our magic endeavors.
Marie dmed you
Maybe some metal will clear my sinuses.
WOO!!! can't wait now <3
Yup, both boys like getting their hair cut. Ethan just likes to get really shaggy in between cuts, Jake wants short hair.
cuz I just don't have the heart for it anymore. nor do I have the desire to be a singer/songwriter.
thank you!! I'm celebrating with Reese's on the couch with my computer :-)
I finally found the words to say…..I want you
Freaks come out night. what, what, what
me to
yea and where is he??
Yesterday was amazing! I haven't sleep over 50 hours! PARTY ALL NIGHT ♥
Looking for a good lesson to teach Primary VS Secondary sources. Anyone have anything fun/exciting/good?
your miles from moesha lookin azz your Paul from temptations looking azz you got on a snapback and sum tap shoes in your twit avi
Depuy Pinnacle Lawsuit: Femur Fracture and the Risks It Involves
#Romney's campaign pledge: "An offshore tax haven for EVERY bank account!"
everytime i turn around i have to pay a bill -_-
Friendship Never explain - your friends do not need it, and your enemies will not believe it anyway.
Your Welcome (so formal u are)
Put your future in good hands - your own. ~Author Unknown
#liber2011 Starting up: Europeana Regia, a collaborative library of royal mss. from Medieval and Renaissance Europe.
Yea boy!!!
- Arod has nothing in the tank anymore.
Denver peeps get on it RT Word only 100 tickets left for our Denver CD RELEASE SHOW! get your tickets while you still can.
tells me our cat is looking like he has another urinary tract infection. Good thing the last one only cost us $1,000. Shoot me.
When my dog snores > hahahahaha
CNCC's name is too much to type out.
If you facebook middle name is something like BeAutIfuL_Guuurl I'm unfriending you.
Got "Doo-Wops & Hooligans" on Repeat!
I'm cleaning. And listening to the Glee Cast Pandora station. Fuck my life.
Bad Girl ! Adele Wins It Glad she sings better than she talks!
You got that shit that everybody looks for, but can't find.
Thanks buddy.
I'll buy you hot Cheetos and zebra popcorn
Ironman or Hulk - Both!! :)
Thank you so much for the kind words, Susan!
Ah loud noises!!!!
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. ~ Judy Garland
hope to see you when I go to Cali in August!
#ireallywant you too realize that I'm the only one that's meant to be with you...
Watching Liar Liar. I freakin love this movie!
What a trying week leading into a trying weekend. Ready to flip this frown upside down!!
I'm just about frustrated enough to believe that.
"You only find out who is swimming naked when the tide goes out."
Pay attention to the people that help you when you're low, so you know who to ignore when you're at your high
Apparently both my parents know about Mossad, the Israeli CIA. Who ARE these people living with me?
(NBA Jam voice) "He's on fire!"
For up-to-the-minute news on International #JazzDay, on April 30, follow
Getting my hair done... can't grow it out
Day 3 Insanity Workout....I CAN'T FEEL MY LEGS!!! Damn
Goodnight peoples.. Talk to you in the morning
My foot fell a sleep. It looks so cute, i don't want to wake it.
Haha, stupid large fingers on an iphone leaves for many typos
I'm not baiting, just stating my opinions.
wats wrong with it being a male??
child please, i worked like 50 at foster alone
OMG FOLLOWED ME HE MADE MY DAY OMG I CAN'T STOP SMILING THANK YOU SO MUCH IT MEANS THE WORLD TO ME TI AMO <3
Anything is possible!
jay why didnt you just retweet?
Followe me back
home come see me
He was a cornerback at the University of Texas. He's a Junior that's entering the draft early.
Thank you!! RT“: I love your guys show :) Your AMAZING!”
- Better. These girls are just impromptu busting a move in public. It's like an adorable mini-mob.
Nuggets have been able to run on Lakers rather easily. Imagine what Westbrook, Durant and Harden will do 2 Lakers in next round.
yay! we'll text you tomorrow!
thank you! <3
that's exactly what I was thinking
Jethro Tull makes the flute a rock instrument. I have yet to see any other bands do the same.
Yo I miss Ed, Edd, and Eddy
just went to buy a grill and got home and it was a crock pot hahaha.
What's 50 ft long and smells like pee? The line dance at the old folks home!
Phoenix Flame~ A mistake proves that someone stopped talking long enough to do something.
Everyone is spamming i'll never get noticed.
yes! I had a professor that rambled on the problem statements he wrote for homework!
S/O to everybody graduating today! Especially my Trine folks in the grimey gola! Lol
Good luck. You can only go up from 1-9. Haha
you have a port?
Bosh just BUSTED out of the closet singing hymns with that one
. will feature "Pizza by the Slice" at #ConcertsontheCurve at the Main Stage.
yea, total madhouse. Hope it was fun!
yeeeaaahhhhh about rowling bein better than the twilight girl.
A proposal to bring in Army medics to cover a shortage of doctors at a hospital's emergency department is criticised by MPs.
Omg my sister webacammed with Drake and he sang to her :((( <3 I was just watching on the sidelines, shocked.
Happy Mother's day to all the beautiful mothers in the Twitterverse. This is the day that we all get to be Queens. Make it special.
bros before hoes, but you know lil bros before big bros.
Andre Gide: “Everything that needs to be said has already been said. But since no one was listening, everything must be said again.”
None of us are virgins because life screws us all!
we hope he continues to!
Luke Putkonen not looking very confident as Leyland brings him into the game.
I don't smoke it anymore, but I still say
That's it. You're gonna be known as Bambi from now on......
What does Fat Tire, AZ Cardinals, AZ Diamondbacks and The Blenderz all have in common? They will all be on at Fatso's tonight.
ya side was lucky last saturday..
everyone please follow my friend > he is very sweet, nice, and cool
RT : Whoa. The guy who played Scott Pilgrim's first evil ex in the movie, Satya Bhabha, is Homi Bhabha's *son*.
Wrapping up #scholarsday12 here w/ a great team of interns who produced a ton of stuff today. 3 videos loading, 2 more on way.
Thirsty Thursday! $1 $1 beer y'all! I wanna see a #BatsBlast 🍻❤⚾
What I really want for Father
no nigga this was in like January or something! It was a slow song!!
Back home from TribalCon. What an Adventure! All DVDs from the past month shows will be going out this week.
Never ask a #coworker if they need help right before their smoke break.
you ok
Did he really say that?
Man this hurts. The #Brewers #Cubs series is a battle to stay out of last place. Ouch!
God I know! & School usually goes pretty slow.
Need service on CSC Lawyers Incorporating Service? Call us! Need Divorce papers served in Sacramento or Elk Grove? Call us! 916-996-4363
thanx for the RT's ! really appreciated!
My bestfriends mom made frozen cookies with whipped creme 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
looks like my bmore kitties! very cute!
when a parent doesn't want a line the brook it. Or lite taper fade. To show clean cut.
Man that NutriGrain bar was real! I need another one...maybe two more
thank you! I need it lol
I can not follow you! I do not know,sorry :( yeah me too !!! we are BELIEBERS
Become a fan of the Champions Tour on Facebook
Something is wrong with me as I am so excited about broncos game sat - must be tebow fever!!
The difference between try and triumph is a little umph. Everyday I'm finding I'm giving a little extra umph to create a successful business
Ugh. I hate when people get me going on politics. Especially when they get caught up in the politics part. Wake up already, America!
I haven't seen it yet. went to a midnight showing on Friday. I wimped out and stayed home to sleep.
CHRIS KELLY, game 1,
Now playing:
#Plusone Bash Jones "tip the bartender" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net/tunein.php
I ain't beat a nigga ass in a long time that bout to change on my son
Delivering the Revolution to Pub on Passyunk East and on Friday. Know another place you'd like to see us? Let us know.
- has a day without meetings today!
I enjoy the sound that a zip tie makes.
Just pulled out the bread maker from the closet of gadgets. Do you think it still works? Remember when these were popular?
Too funny out here Hahahahahaha
yea i'm crying.. i just saw perform you guys did amazing i love u
Who is going to the DC Food and Wine Festival this weekend?
of course it is ok to be happy with the last two wins
At darien lake to see Blake shelton...Jerrod was great can't wait to see shelton..
The truth, its Friday bitch.
Thanks to you boo
Austin doesn't follow me. Even if he did I wouldn't because I can't make him do anything
that's some MAJOR thundersnow!
If last night indicates how Little 5 is going to be next weekend consider me a happy camper
Drink while you think! Come in tonight for trivia starting at 8 and enjoy $2 off 's imperial pints, house wine and rail cocktails!
ya hadoop's possibilities are really exciting!
Oohh, 31 notes on my Tumblr post in one evening. Meow!
is everything okay?
Why can't I be tan.
Happy Hispanic Heritage Week -- how are you celebrating?
my weekend was pretty good. Getting ready for work now. Hugs back babe, nice and tight. Hope you have a great Monday
Discovery Center
who cares? Let's make it happen!!
Follow back?
gotta be dedicated thats the problem with music now days
sometimes it hits you, that life is too short. Get happy,love your family and friends and forget about the people that don't make you smile
Apparently my sky miles that were a free ticket two months ago mean nothing now. Not my fault fuel went up! I just want a vacation!
Expecting a huge crowd tonight for senior night!
< feminism. Problem is that sexism operates differently for dif groups of women (trans, queer, poor, etc) & the crappy radfems>
It was straight.
Thanks Good show. Great laughs.
Hello Cookout. I have missed.
Finally home! I'm tired than a mug...
Oh boy do I love my girlfriend
Follow The Wanted my fav band! check em out <333
so cute it hurts. ouch.
he's a member of MBLAQ >< <- youngest brother of sandara park of 2NE1.
Wouldn't dare. RT : TOO many extra LBS from Holiday Junk. Going running tonight. DO NOT try and stop me.
Can I marry you or
Lynch is no great RB. Streaky at best. Alexander was the real deal & had it not been for a few strange calls, Sea wins SBXL.
thank you! proud to be a part of such an amazing place -- looking forward to day 4!
common refrain, isn't it. MSM, esp cable, do wall-to-wall on a single story rather than use their 24 hrs wisely. Thnx for noticing
that's to bad
I love big! It's amazing and smells fantastic!
I'm about to start a RIOT...bs aint about nothing
Food>anything eles
Ben is preparing for his last two Lion King perhormances
It was glorious.
Shooting again on a #Kelloggs commercial on Friday!!! Woo-hoo
2011.10.09 #postseason #Brewers #Cardinals | Bike down to the game / with Sue, Dottie and twin bro / tailgating with friends
Two short one-week contracts. Simultaneously happening next week! Quick, easy money in the city. Love that! How are you?
May 18- Amina Figarova sextet at the Manchester Craftments Guild in Pittsburgh, PA
Thanks for plugging the SCORE Daily! Glad it's helpful
Probably 30 minutes
- hm....sounds like a goodbye.
The bigger the bill, the harder you ball.
I left my USB for a week & they called to tell me I forgot it. My USB has my name and tel # on it. Reminder to others, do the same.
#emschi Last day! is making it count. Great info about tracking people at
ahahaha omg so funny...NOT :O
mansion! Come!
.ha I suck right now ..
The hardest thing in life is remaining faithful while times are hard. God promises "I have overcome the world." - John 16:33
i need a dutch for this one. somebody bring me one please.
i like the fake girls. more cushion for the old man for the pushin
Good morning! Watch KXAN News Today we have a major announcement around 6:45ish! See you soon.
I say we all meet from some BBQ & LIVE Texas Music & don't look at the clock...
We have a charge from your restaurant on our debit card, but never visited it. What do we do about this?
Don't be anyone but yourself... Be Genuine...
Congratulations to Sandra Hassel she is the lucky winner of our Anniversary Gift Basket!!! We look forward to seeing you!!
Let's get this training over and done with and get a couple dollars in my pocket
Would you be a dream, on the wings of a poem, and if you were walking through a crowd, you know I'd be proud
thats my jam yo.. me and marcus be knowin the jams lol
Didn't Jim Gentile do the same thing with the Orioles in the 60s or early 70s? Or maybe that was in back to back innings
thx carol, glad to see more good news from your work this week.
Worst day ever oh my god
Yes we all understand Beyonce is pregnant. Now shut the fuck up.
Checks under Brettman's duvet. Nope, you're safe as houses.
Watching the 2001 western conference finals. Lakers vs Kings. Shaq has 29 points 12 rebounds and 6 blocks in three quarters.
There are six of you? And you all manage to be adoreable! Like :D
Holy Family girls basketball defends No. 1 ranking, beats No. 2 Eaton, 50-36. I would know- I made the 1.5 hour drive!
don't tell me his friend is Conner lol
Sorry, I have been reading some crazy things over the past half day or so.
Spurs play often sloppy, giveaway basketball ... and win by 16. Yowza.
I have done it! Will post fabulous new visual confection on Etsy either later today or early tomorrow-Depending on completion of twin
RT : Good luck to all the guards at #WGI2012 this weekend! Especially !! Get it pride!!”
i know u want cinci's shorts right now
Caldwell jazzed for weekend with the Solano Symphony - Vallejo Times-Herald
It's purple Friday! Time to talk about... language? talks to about the word "rape" in sports metaphors.
Any scoop on where Roger Clemens is staying this week?
Anyways good morning lovelies
Now Watching Cameron Diaz & J.Lo are absolutely stunning!! Love watching them together.
I defy you to name one industry or sector that cannot benefit from better content searching and organization using taxonomies. Bring it on!
I am testing out twitter to see how I may use it.
HIDE YO KIDS, HIDE YOUR WIFE..HIDE YOUR MUM... IZZ BACKK ;)
yes, though humor is always tough, so very subjective
those were the good old days
On my way home from Miami. was awesome and was good also.
hey your tweet pic you look sexy with u pretty eyes so when you coming to Miami you know the playoff start go Knicks
Oh man! Took a shower earlier and water went inside my right ear. It bothers me still, and It won't go away.! What should I do? DM
Wonderful day so far: Buns at Family Pastry in Chinatown, soap from in Pasadena, & a little bit of patio gardening...
#newbalance definitely has the market cornered with men over 50.
Thank you!! She belongs to a ton of groups--click on link tab. Great!
I am in tears! I had prayed that she would learn to live a healthy life and use her new voice.
And yeah, I used Paypal for it
Did you hear about the blonde that stayed up all night to see where the sun went??? Wait for it... It finally dawned on her! :)
I do not feel good... Wish my baby ain't have ta work today..!!
The Ayinger will probably only last through the weekend, so if you want some, come quick!
Ardmore or Ada for groceries when you're from ...what's that smell...oh back home..Sulphur,OK!!!! lol
Mom was airlifted to chicago.. Emergency surgery..possible anurism. please keep her in your prayers.
My phone is better then urs lol
For a boost of energy, there’s nothing like exercise. Lace up your sneaks and get walking, even when feeling sluggish!
the phones are going crazy right now!!!! I think somebody wants #xfest tickets for their whole crew ;)
It's not for a particular audition, its just going to be a backup monologue for when all goes wrong
You're right, "other" is a tricky category. But is it an important issue, and it's something we're thinking about. Thanks!
we can still hope that life will imitate hoax!
My ultimate dream now is just to get my books published. Through all the shit that's happened, I can heal if my dream comes true.
New video shoot coming soon. Details to come ...
haha nah man no crack heads or cheeseburger spots yet
I am very please follow is my new account please everyone !!!
definitely still a Monday!
Sorry to hear about your car. Civility and respect for our neighbors and ourselves is a must.
Have you seen the wonderful renovations .... All for are fabulous clients!
Some of our faves
Gran just showed me the 1, 2, 3 cakes....she said when she showed you, you asked if she was trying to make you fat
Love finds its most natural and spontanious expression in giving.
get to 1000 #followers!
I don't know why i like How I met your Mother
Yes she does! RT : yes my girlfriend Ree does ROCK
#idol. <3 to good to tweet during. :)
Steve Harvey..!
Thanks, Ted. Somehow I knew that already :-) Be in LA next week for TCM Film Fest. Let's find a time to meet.
Today I sent my half of the book revisions to my co-editor! Celebrated with wine, Xbox and friends. Good weekend.
I'm a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I'm perfect.
Strategic Talent Group is a full service Talent Management Firm headquartered in Los Angeles California. www.strategictalentgroup.net
IT looks like something out of a psych ward where no one gets enug H20 and it just rained. .
"I like to use to the word "dude" As a noun, or an adverb, or an adjective" :D
Modern alternative and indie #music venues like the 9:30 Club are attracting popular acts to smaller more-intimate
bro thats what ive been doing for the past couple weeks. trust me it works
Yes I do get pissed jealous when I'm chosen over others
Until 5:30 tonight. I have to do my work since I have been procrastinating all day. I needed Van time Now would be better
Follow me Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating ;)
That moment when you take a really big sip and realize your coffee was sweetened. The worst. The fucking WORST.
Carroll: Time to get in authors faces & let them know many audiences will be blocked from access if they sign publishers agreements
WOW! So many Jimena Yanez on twitter! If you are a Jimena follow me :)
COOLER THAN ALL OUTDOORS!
Lake Calhoun workout
Could I please receive the secret code that if entered telephonically will patch me thru 2 u which means it will be ur beautiful ass number?
Heat got this !
Thanks for the follows new followers! Looking forward to sharing and learning!
Just sent out a resume for a job I'd LOVE to have! Not even sure they have anything available but praying they either do, or will have soon!
Wow the hawks won damn good game
you go girl!
Thank you=] Love all your support... You two are the best!
What the hell is the background music in 'Mercy' saying?! haha someone please fill me in.
ss and rentless, a prophecy, cowboy king, the final episode
Then go back 2 sleep -lazy lol
lunch all the time!
Loving hearing say that social media is very important for the future of marketing
Amazing weekend! :)
Fingers-crossed we'll have some more news soon.
thanks:) and no problamo friend
love to discuss the future of PLE in schools. Can we skype? Mail one of the seven fantastic tools
i would be. never let him between u and exit. Even though my son has never done that I still take precautions.
Aww, thanks man! Do you have the '04 or '06 set? One lead to a nervous breakdown and the other to a new life.
lol I see you struggling
thank you! Been keeping you on the radar. Saw the preview last year. Looks great.
Saw Good People at the Geffen on Friday and loved it!
Ok im done talking my shit
Great meeting Kim from last night Thanks for your hard work on the Fest.
yo what up? hows beach like @ myrtle. tell miles wassupppp! I might become a patriots fan hard core now!
i miss and other friends i cant find from barry so much!!!
Editing to #POTC soundtrack. How's that for motivation!
Great auditions today for #DanceWorksBoston season four!
*txt* my house.
We're w/U! RT : We stand (until we get wobbly, then we sit) w/the 8% who love craft beer!
Feeling like a productive day today! Snows melting away, the sun is out (sort of??), got my Bauhaus coffee and I'm ready to go!
Happy Mother's Day mom hope it is good for you, if not there is always next year. Just playing.. See you tonight. Love Chuck
IM THE VIDEO MAN
Nobody does jeans and a t-shirt better than me.
oh tia ur so silly this is me being normal
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. Abraham Lincoln”
Make sure you check out tweets too! Tons of #resume tips!
hey Jon I'm gonna see your cousin Mark tonight. You want me to comp his meal
Today is another day of my fave things in the world #bikinis #gym #fitness life is yummy!
how quickly we forgive RT : : USA Today says Vick's jersey will soon crack the top 25 in sales.
I've been sort of involved since moving here in '10 but started a real position with them this past August.
Hunger Games was good! Have you read the books?
Neither am I, neither... Am... I. Haha.
S/O to and for bustin it out at the dance recital! And for being pretty. :)
I'm convinced Dylan ratigan has nothing to say and just strings together words like "transparent society" hoping well think he's smart
How can you tell when a drummer is at your door? The knock gets faster.
indeed. Hope you find one under the tree. Or, you know, a rock. :)
#obl Already threats coming in from terrorists against the US for killing their leader
☻ Thanks for the follow. If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free $50 gift ✈ {link--------------
All you can do is Pray.. You'll be amazed at how many fewer ear infections they'll have afterwards tho. :D
I LOVE this song(: 11:11
giving a shout out to falcons hockey today!!!!!!
How do we get on the vip list
what do you have two twitter accts
You're a Hobbit fan? Have you read Runelords? They're producing that a movie too. Vote for actors
Discovered 's Aim and Ignite. Perfect, bold, emotional, not fey or twee; beautiful, happy & sad. Instant love! Monster talent!
lmao...if you want to lose im down G
Guess I'll go ta PNC tmrw cause ion feel lik gettin up today until I gotta go ta work
I can't even lie, LeBron getting that 4th foul was just the motivation he needed & he definitely stepped it up this 4th quarter
.. You can still kiss me (;
In the 1st year of the Civil War, William Cooper Nell became clerk of the Boston PO, making him the 1st Af-Am to hold a US Federal Position
I'm still voting but follow please!
one more goodluck before the haters jump in. Really wish #bbn had ya good luck
Dawsons corner should just tell him to keep putting Hopkins on the ropes
A lot of the time when I wear my glasses, I forget they aren't sunglasses and that people can see my staring at them.
Looking to host a birthday party in DC. Any recommendations for a bar / restaurant with a private room for about 30 ppl? Something low-key.
OH = overheard
don't know if ill make it, but cafe Alma is keeping poetry alive
I can see the sunlight above the trees here in Milwaukee for the first time in what seems like forever. Please be a great day get to golf
Fifth time I've heard "have no idea who this kid is" and Cleveland takes him in the third.
Umm excuse me who has the #MexicanFiestaPlatters I need somemore!!!
#RedWings fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#RedWings #Predators)
no. I was too stunned by the ensemble.
I know I smile normally lol but I don't put a ':)'
haha they better or it's do or die game 7!!!!
Pantsless Monday: A new Mike & Mike tradition (like no other).
No kid(s) for me , my summer will be all about fun (& work) hopefully .
I wish that I could wear red leather pants like that.
Aint Talked To Eric Sense 12 Time To Get The CUTTING!
Love evil plans;)
I just came on Twitter on an actual computer for the first time in a LONG TIME, and I love your background.
Guess What? It's holiday party season and if you book now receive a special gift! So get on the horn and email
oh alcoholic ovaltine...great beer
I literally love everything right now. I feel like I am Oprah, I love YOU, and I love YOU, and here's some love for YOU.
Achiever | Reagan McCants collected prom dresses for storm victims - Louisville Courier-Journal
is looking for Core Transport Engineers for CA and WA. Strong Ethernet and Layer 2 experience is required.
she's great. A little more grumpy with age....hm just like her owner
Update: I just ate a salted caramel cupcake from
2062 #TheJetsons we should have flying cars every where! Im sure way before.They do exist & down payments have already been made!!
Answer to health question. What U choose2eat will have more of an impact on your weight than exercise. Exercise is helpful, food choic
I'm ready bro
you will be on your way soon enough, i think ;) i hope it is a great trip & game for you :)
I hope he's just plotting against his local produce dept.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. Mother Teresa
#RAW time!! I think I'm a little in love with !
congrats on the win! :)
wouldn't say the Red Sox deserve it either.
oh! I packed it away in my shape-ups box.
is it that bad? lol u funny about that
and I are such kidsters. :)
Freshly made bed, candle light and Christmas movies are making me happy tonight.
that's more right wing FUD. I don't take any news source seriously that pops up a Sarah Palin ad overlay over its articles.
Small business owners need loyal, repeat customers and steady traffic for their business. is here to help. Get in touch!
Music all day. It keeps me sane.
Sam Jackson, Dexter, and the weekend's top movies in todays Bucket! theentertainmentbucket.com
Happy belated birthday !!
Henry Ford revolutionized the auto industry, improving the American Dream
I'm not what you dream of, I'm right here. You just need to wake up and realize that I'm here for you.
Productivity, leverage and insight come from participation in a supportive biz community. Find the "best" for you and be more dependent.
Ill just Throw A Couple Bills Nd She'll Have a Pair of Heels On
33-12 in last 45 picks! We're on FIRE! Almost 75% winning right now! 11 picks today. Email to get a great deal!
Let's all give thanks to God for allowing us to be up to see another day of our natural born lives
It's going to suck when I actually have to do work next period.
great job tonight mathai!
Abstract accepted to 4S/EASST! Now to figure out if/how I can afford to go to Copenhagen.
Tip of the day: Always put your papers in a plastic bag before you walk around in the rain.
Seat laid back heater on jacket over the chest set to go haha :)
then why not make a movie? ;-)
shid i need to go lol
Porsche's new baby crossover uncovered, targets younger buyers The newest Porsche, a baby crossover inspired by the larger Cayenne SUV an
Need to evaluate OPDS as an option as new partners enter the supply chain. Lighter-weight than ONIX.
Boston chocolates are better!
Final NAMM details, submit several ads, hair appt, new driver's license, new bank card, laundry, pack, kids, replace headlight, fix phone!!
Good luck...let us know your favorites!
shitd! give me about 5yrs to work out then check my AVI when I take it off! All the followers I need lol!
via Abraham Seed ‎"Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired."
Finally somebody grew nuts
In the middle ages, people believed that dogs teeth boiled in wine made an excellent mouth rinse for tooth decay prevention.
Happy 2 hear u got a chance 2 watch the #video directed by Thanx 4 sharing the link.
#ThingsThatBotherMe those girls who flirt with every guy.
please follow me back?
Head over #fsu #famu to the capital
Friday, The Cure
You're such a great inspiration.
Want info on PowerPoint design for webinars? Check out Becky Pluth's session at #ASTD2012 Tuesday 4:00PM, Room Mile High 2/3 B
Happy Friday, #Tucson! Getting exciting out there--#Dow up, #Facebook #fbIPO ready to launch in a few minutes, markets optimistic.
Kentucky, Missouri, Kansas, Ohio State
This American finally noticed after 2 days that she was the only person n Toronto ignoring pedestrian traffic signals. Learning 2b patient!
Seriously how fabulous is ?? She isn't even a real housewife and she's still my fave person on the show
I'm in shock, wanted to believe he didn't try to kill himself 2 years ago when he ran his car off a cliff
trying to contain my jealousy that you're at the signing. obviously it isn't working, b/c i'm telling you about said jealousy.
follow me back pls
Congrats! I'm racking it up right now: still looking for a librory jab!
You going out tonight homie!?
good. I need some tonight smh
is DC sitting ET to ensure a meeting with the Bulls or was Evan playing to good again so DC decided to put a stop to it? :-)
Fraud Alleged In Oxygen Bar Case
Oh hey, we're in the same state right now, holla at ya girl.
My work playlist is dope as fuck.
Too busy for rats? That's too bad...
#TeamFollowBack Let's
#someday I'll be a billionaire, #untilthen I'm using to save some cash!
A lot depends on height and position on property.
Sorry I'm so difficult
"why do we live here again????!!!!!!" AGGGGHHHHH
we have really cool evaluation about this stuff! I will share with MCN community soon!
Had a great time photographing with at Thanks!
ooh, lol i'm such a fail .. thanks !(:
i have no idea if/when i will. i'll hopefully be in korea this fall, and from there... who knows.
5 Things Learned from the Factbook - #2: # of dentists accepting kids w/ Medical Assistance grew from 90 in 2006 to 370 in 2011
will u please just come back 2 buffalo? T O's was my favorite cereal. id like to see another blowout this week. need an agent?
Hi! I had to leave early because still getting over being sick, but can you DM me?
come back wilson denver needs you.
ANYONE ON! PLEASE SAY THAT YOU ARE!! I'M LONLEY!! HAHA ~ASHLEY
So glad to have you at #BmoreFail and in
Having fresh air in my office on a day like today makes it almost okay to be in here instead of out there.
wish I could!
nah he cool people
what, twins <3
calm down. Not all Jesus believers are hypocrites. Besides, nobody is perfect
I'm all for supporting those things but it seems like that's the only ads there showing. Did #ESPN fire the whole sales dept?
yeah that's true, but in today's economy it just seems like a bad idea.
Call Us Maybe Justin YUP!!! Definitely me Justin
One thing I love almost as much as Happy Hour is Brunch... Where to go or my fav ??
ha k then..
I hate getting out of a hot shower and feeling like the north pole invaded my bathroom.
haha you about to get caught up, smh player.
I have perused, but never used. You should write a review for !
You Should Know Better...
we will keep those silly actors in line!
what does#donalddriver have to do to get a ten around this place?? give that sexy man a GD TEN already!!:)
Hopefully getting the specifics on my new job today
omg a piñata filled with oreos! where is my bat!
Enjoyed chatting with this afternoon. Lots of neat stuff going on in the emerging tech space.
I feel like just goin home N laying in my bed naked with the AC ON BLAST
Toastmasters has an err counter to measure how distracting you are. I like the # concept to set my goals for improvement.:)
Planning on the Hot Dog Day 5K tomorrow - and seeing the irony in it...
Get it! RT : A few hours of sleep up and at it I go
oh damn where at
I see your point mine just sold the company and new owners shut our plant down in madisonville ky so I'll be in the
Suspended animation sickness, ah crud...all crew at half strength this whole turn. That's just mean.
wins a gold at the
Where do babies come from
I'm gonna turn on the Celtics-Sixers game, and hope by the time I go back the bases will be empty with no runs scored.
it's like homecoming queen...
oh I ask nerds to do mine
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!
Now tweeting over on
There is NOTHING wrong for a women to buy a man SHOES!!!!!!!!
Hey Charlotte, NC talent...I arrive tomorrow for auditions on Saturday!!! I can't wait!!! See you there!
please make #Believe u will notice her by wishing her a happy birthday #NeverSayNever :)
Don't know if a kid carrying icetea &a bag of candy can be an"aggressor,"but a grown man with a 9mm following one is a hunter
ME: "I'm hungry." FRIDGE: "Don't care." CABINET: "LOL don't look at me." FREEZER: "LOL nigga, you like ice?"
Taking my gf salsa dancing tonight haha 💃💃
Glenn is part Irish, did you know that? Come on up to SkyLounge tonight and celebrate with us!
Yep, I actually listen to them. I happen to like 'em quite a bit:)
Six minutes into the first period, Badger women lead Minn. State 3-0. Woot!
the show is about to begin!
So many tweets O_o & Ode Confusing, like niggas having issues & Drama ^.^ Wtf? That's wat Happens in Life *shrugs*
Full of one-liners that one. RT , your husband "Unless you're riding a horse, cowboy boots are high heels for men."
Stoked to see tonight.
Happy Month of June!! Go Red Bulls!! 9 days till the "Portugal Day" festivities at El Pastor Restaurant begin....
awhhh, love you pat ☺😘
Cleobulus~ Safeguard the health both of body and soul.
ahead of your time--keep it up and keep the evidence of your work!
For sure.
congrats ma I know u going to kill it
Follow for great deals on sports apparel, equipment, and footwear!
RT : Version 2 of the Pandora One desktop app is out! // So is it called Pandora TWO now?
that's the plan! Lol
You're An Amazing Inspiration!! I Love You, I'm A Mahomie Forever And Always <3 :)
24601 is how many times I'll see it! Mwah!
I don't want summer to ever end!
Teachers will adapt things more readily w/ customized wording even if the gist is the same as the parent materials
thanks for following me Ty. Have a great day.
Pool is going to be renovated from 09/11-09/20. see us after that with a brand new pool.
you know it : )
Katrina's a bit under the weather today... So who will be her fill-in? Tune in at 9am and see for yourself.... Hm, who could it be?
All we need is you and R.Ward and it will be like '09 again! Vegas, baby! Lolol
Folk-Rock singer Kris Orlowski is this weeks concert in Elizabeth Park, Thursday evening 6-8pm.
cool! make it happen :)
Tomorrow OFF but busy with The Wailing Footage!
loved your character in "Think Like A Man" and your new comedy special "True Story" is hilarious loved your new material
I never wear my 1D shirt....I keep it hanging up solo in my closet where I can see it 24/7. That thing im baby okay.
ALBONDIGAS! I LOVE THAT STUFF! Hope you and yours are awesome today and always!
Project Manager is a Person who thinks nine Women can deliver a baby in One month
As we say in NYC, "oy!"
Thanks for a great #GreenChat everyone. If anyone would like to guest moderate for next week, DM me!
My body needs to rest...but ii am not sleepy
The one I tweeted today! unless I spelt your name wrong.. o.o Must stop calling you ashee!
GET OUTTA TEEEOWN.
Congrats to Chris Harris making the Denver 53 man roster!
lmao that girl blocked me cuz I asked her why we shouldn't praise single moms
I love your sign out front. Makes me wonder apples or Apple Inc
There's a carnival by campus. I wanna go!!
It's also mushy, an amalgam, and there's something in there about breadcrumbs and github maybe.
Obama:US pumps most oil in 8 years: 1) Not due to his efforts/he has REDUCED permits; 2)in 80's, 9.5 mil b/day. Now still only 7 Mil b/day.
Countdown to the opening of "Can You Walk Away?" is 1 day! Did you know domestic pimps target girls as young as 12?
There’s nothing we can’t do if we work hard, never sleep, and shirk all other responsibilities in our lives.
OMG GUYS. OMG I SERIOUSLY LOVE MADISON I CANT BELIEVE HE WISHED ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY. he remembers me from the m&g ... gave me 2 hugs OMG!
Team Trivia tonight! Grab a friend and show off your stuff. Smartest peeps in the room get prizes!
i think so
Wow. Not a good day for last.fm.
The menu at Starbucks does. Not. Change. Not brain surgery. Get it together folks!
Sorry, I just can't tell one 'Underworld' movie from another. All that black furniture. Where are the 'Queer Eye' guys when you need them?
And Justin's new video
LMAO! Shut Up! :D
busy supplying our automotive display customers in preparation for the North American International Auto Show.
What girls dont realize is, i smash then i leave. Dont call me baby and expect me to call you tomorrow.
april!! Why aren't you following me you loser(:
Thanks for lunching w/ us the other day. We're glad you joined us. :)
Rolled outta bed in the same stuff I wore yesterday. Luckily I got an interview, the only reason why I'm gonna shower today LOL !
Friday: 80 degree weather and tornados. Now: 3 degrees away from the freezing mark. RESULT: My allergies are wreaking havoc on my life...
Duchene quit fucking about and shoot the puck
General Body Meeting, today at 5pm in CE 268...we will have a guest speaker from NUVO
Time to love my inner child:)
please follow me? I can't tweet something better than this..
Whose your favorite college football team?
maybe she wanted to keep that a secret Christopher...
oh wow, leaving this rental house for an. apt complex full of fountains, roses, halogen lit trees, fluffy pets & aged divorcees
1st #Brewer game of the season! Great seats
Yes I realize my tv should be used this weekend for the Superbowl. But I'm not transporting it to you, dad....
when do we need to do it?!
also the one most similar to the wu tang clan logo
I didn't know you still had a twitter, doesn't Cam need breast fed or somethin ;)
tweet lil tony the link
#ComedyAwards! SO much better than the
Daughter managed to snag #ComicCon badges. Only two days, but better than the devastating prospect of no days. That would have been ugly.
Rodney Williams just put one down something nasty for the Gophers in the NIT!! Best dunker in college hoops?
You wouldn't know it by walking outside, but today's the first day of Spring! We're certainly looking forward to the warmer weather!
that does stink to have it so early!!!
Tell this girl to stop making music
This video dumb as hell
The J!!!E!!!T!!!S!!!! JETS! JETS! JET! Guys I see the Jets winning this game San Diego could'nt beat them to go to the playoffs last timemet
Double header- #badgers hoops and hockey! It is a great day to be in the Kohl Center
Don't regress... Progress.
We hope everyone had a fantastic #Easter and/or beginning of #Passover! Did anyone #fly home to visit family?!
I have the same screen door as one in Don't Be A Menace in South Central....
Thanks Kassy! Unfortunately, and its apparent now, the chick's a prima donna. Being humble will get you a long way.
Lawrence Weschler will be speaking tonight at 7PM at the Menil Collection.Come by the bookstore on your way to the lecture and browse.
“: TY. Have a wonderfully artistic weekend! So much to do in #stpete!” U2 best city in
I can only speculate
Amen Alex the amt. of money Dr's get to sign a careplan is ridiculous. WEALTH is the word and it is legal.
LOL. Initially I thought, WTF? Programmers don't use perfume. RT : .NET Cologne has sold out in less than 2 days. Wow.
WOW! This film "Intruder" has some of the best (and weirdest) cinematography I'v ever seen. These camera angles/shots are all over the place
never thought i would say this, but its true: thus far NHL Playoffs > NBA playoffs
If you think it's hot now, wait until you see the show!
yes ! I've been watching the marathon all day ! So excited , can't wait to talk about it tomorrow morning :)
who you routing for these days?
“: Now it's nearly spring, I can finally wear my power capris. #lovethem” So ready for spring!
hey I'm still waiting on it
Funny how similar the words "program" and " pogrom" are...
*esley *weird & a perv RT : Hey I'm Vertone and I'm random, but that's what makes me me. Nice meeting you. Bye.
Thanks for the shout, Tyler! We appreciate it.
It's all good buddy. Must be nice :)
Watching CNBC and looking for jobs
absolutely. Will look it up and get back to you!
Working to stay patient, present and positive. Big hugs, Chicago.
You're a cool cat. I can see the respect you have for the art form we know as hip-hop. Hopefully we will work together soon.
Black Crowes...underrated or just wrong decade?
People should follow you just 'cause you're you...duh
#frittomiato in Santa Monica - yum
Our clients at Armani Wells mens clothing in LA have 30% off all April. Huge savings to be made! Ask for Claudia Wells!
It's never too early to start thinking about happy hour. Stop in between 4-7pm for drink specials and half-priced select appetizers.
Thanks for the follow, how was your easter?
Im so fucking hungry.
#Hardball Don't apologize to you are only being HONEST!I LOVE it!!
wildcards in microsoft word: "what if we had regexes, except with unclear syntax, behavior that isn't well defined, also, they don't work?"
Anyone know about getting an inexpensive room in the NY/NJ area? Ex-employer offered to help.
over half a year now!! and you're about to graduate
Which Baltimore-Raven-turned-Cyber-Maven stopped by his hometown CyberMaryland booth today? Michael McCrary, now with Signals Defense in MD.
Do I have to apologize for my emotions?
Care for the ones you are in touch with. Everyone needs to be loved. Spread love and it'll come back to u.
did tou mean Sailor Moon?
Thanks for attending! We are hoping to bring it back to Cleveland soon!
Awww I've been herring the sweetest birthday calls from my friends and family... Thank you so much!
There aren't enough biscuits in the world to sop up all your mess.
dont forget platinum of purp...hosted by jan and big alecia
Comcast Sports may have it also... I don't have Comcast
JUSTIN BIEBER= Justin Um Suck The Inmate Nude. Because In Europe, Bieber Enraged Rednecks
"I believe in everything until it's disproved." John Lennon
Green tigers: new research shows protecting forests will deliver new economic boom for Southeast Asia
NYC “Dance Under the Influence” revealing the interplay of innovators in tap, flamenco, postmodern dance, Indian classical dance
have fun!!!
RT : Quiz night hits at 8pm. $2 tall boys + half off rails w/ on the mic!
Okay you just ruined my fucking high. Heated af.
Fun fun fun. Got some great stuff! RT : Tyler had a photo session with this morning! -
How do you keep up with the businesses you are a fan of? Do you get updates via SMS or RSS? (survey of fans)
Just had someone quote Julius Cesar to me line for line with annotations
we watched the movie Big Fish in my English class last term... Relevant? No. Buy IDGAF. haha
miss u more. Same here with me. Also getting ready for finals too
Need a healthy afternoon snack? Try oatmeal with raisins and walnuts.
So I got my hair cut yesterday and it ended up being shorter than I anticipated...
I'm too tired to do 100, maybe i'll finish tomorrow. Sleep.
The Sherman Oaks Farmers Market starts at 3 pm today! Please stop by before 8 pm to enjoy the farmers market!
Cool :D
it is raining and pouring i am going to take a nap and start snoring.
I've not had a drink since 2007! (this may be a lie)
didn't hate it
For a moment there I couldn't tell if this was a Minority Report clip or one from Battlestar.
Reducing stress is important to overall health. Spend 30 min. a day doing something to relax--leisure reading, soothing music, etc.
and money to live in no debt I'd be a homeless person for life I'm sure
I MISS YOU TOO let's get together this weekend💜
Much harder to share, that's the problem.
“: Great service...My soul was awakened ”
Bout to get this photoshoot started.
Need a personal trainer? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
today in 1974, #EricClapton recorded I Shot The Sheriff, written by #BobMarley in 1973. I had the pleasure to record Eric in 2004. wow!
Has anyone ever seen a Houston Texans fan out in the wild ?
A shoutout to ! You were my 994th follower :) Thaniks so much! ;]
L O L when people write facebook status about your friends, like really bro, really? Like say it to there faces. So i could whip yo a$$.
guys i dont wanna upset anyone but i realized i dont even like 1D that much
Thanks You too!
yea they do
Nice!! Which island are you on? SIL lives in Kona on the Big Island.
headed to prom with
Hey now Tim Tebow!
Phone just charged. Berto, you coming to meet us? -->
already am (:
I'm gonna be 20 in three months. yikes I'm an old woman !
Any1 on Twitter attending the Louisiana Historical Association meeting b/t today and Sat?
Tiblisi looks beautiful and very interesting, want to go back for a real visit.
thank you for coming!
SO classy! I ONLY do classy. Even when hobos pee on me....or worse.
Happy Friday! BIG announcement next week! It's super secret, but lets just say we are going to need your votes for Austin to win this. :)
hahha are you visiting your cousin still?
just gotta give some of the niggas the side eye like psshhhhhhh!!!!! GTFOH
May your Dreams become Reality..#Driven!!!
thank you!!! It's gonna be a great great film!!
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task tha
And nobody wanting to become a better husband/father! (Though I did appreciate the guy who wanted to make food with his partner.)
M! Fresh, ripe mango makes me so happy to be alive to taste this magnificent fruit.
I read that - good for him! Also: congrats on your certificate. I start class on June 4th.
I will. Hit me up tomorrow. Love ya!
Shout Out Too <3
Vocie about to go out
Hope you have a wonderful birthday bro.
My mom is buying 4 kindles 1 4 me, 1 4 herself, dad and my sister, all bc I can't have it til Xmas n every is checking it out!
i think you should follow me:)?
TBN "Diversion of Charitable Donations." Billy Brim at the conference with the rich, no thanks, I have moer than enough, I do this for free
oh wow.
she's going to kill you!!
fail fail fail.
Well this is summer.... Working 30 hours a week until I go back to school in September
Always borrow money from a pessimist, he doesn't expect to be paid back. -Unknown Author
First time driving since surgery.
We're also on irc freenode channel
omg you're more of a bieliber than i am! I havent even seen that vid yet!
true true, never done that before, lol. Tweeting about a tv show. Just found it its channel 78 on Comcast, cool. :O)
all the demons he had been bedding with and now running away from.
About to go do m y first ADR session for Sickle. Hope for the best
RT : Bitch im cashin out that's my shit >>>> I'm riding round with that Nina!
just tweeted about sea otters, so take that, all my tweets aren't just about food
there's a guy I can't stop thinking about. But, not that I feel like I can't live without.
Life is short and hard like a bodybuilding elf
u got that link for me?
yes,yes they are!
how do you feel now? Can u admit it's time to shut up ??
Draft Pick
you're gettin yourself into some tweet wars eveyone needs to lay off the #hatorade and have something else, watch out
I know! They are making the #xylophone look bitchen!
When we have our back's to the wall, we turn around and paint it!
forget it..lol I just reflected on what you said to me.
Spaghetti with no sauce
. protects kids after parents separate/divorce w/online custody/parenting software.free to low income parents & courts.
We just left piedmont park promoting our biscuits..we luv #Atlanta weather!!
Possums in the toilet? Takes the term #slumlord to a whole new level.
i freaking love interviewing & Jayy hating on Bryan :) im like jayy sometimes
Hey, you can't win em all. We'll get em Saturday.
I hate captioning images, but it helps my archive
#CV Council meeting underway: discussing funding priorities for CDBG, low-income housing and emergency shelters next year.
camping>beach = Drinks me in a Michael Myers mask in the woods and more drinks ahhah
Hey pal, I don't care if you work for or , just because you disagree with me doesn't mean you get to be an ass & abusive.
#TeamKhleo if your in the ATL wit make sure y'all show EVERYBODY there how we do! Show your support!
Pretty sure every San Diegan who drives a white chevy Impala or Malibu took the bus to work today.
I found you! :) great audition on friday!!! our class is amazing!!!!
Chatting it up with Camps today about #SummerCamp staff. Summer's coming!
Good Night followers.
hey thanks for following, I'd love to hear your music
school on fridays is the worst...
Stoked 2 announce the lineup tmrw for the 100th ISSUE PARTY at Fri Dec 16! Save the date and celebrate with us
haha hey what was my clubbing name that was funny lol and you know I didn't mean to say it lol
When i move : imma scream FUCK COBB COUNTY !
1080p makes a difference doesn't it?
SHOUTOUT TO !!! 1 PERSON FOLLOW HIM
" Well, not to sound conceited or nothing but I'm the sh*t. Dig this...You're a dime, but you're a dime a dozen."
Thanks! Sadly, it has not been the worst part of the week, and I'm running on 3 hours of sleep today. Ack! Hope you are well!
. is such a BAMF!
Fuck A Bad Bitch That Aint Faithful I Rather Stay Faithful To These $Green Faces$ In My Pocket Cause They Know How To Treat Me Right $$$$$
At the Sycamore on a beautiful afternoon.
My heart crumbled at the same time as my gum. Literally.
Just curious -- lack of electric outlets at the Glendale Americana location near the cafe meant to prevent loitering? :)
Day after elections always busy on
What makes your day a great day??
If I was a cop I would be an asshole
RT if you love Justin Bieber. ♥ [Follow me, I'll follow you.]
BIG goal by Palmieri and pretty damn sweet as well. USA goes up 2-0 on Finland.
How To Make It In America Season 2 Mixtape >>
Hey Guys, new band name, new members, new songs coming soon!
you know joe... Sometimes..I don't believe I know you. I'll just steal it back and there's nothing you can do about whitie
Madison Public Library's Teen Video Game Tournament was a great success last night - and a ton of fun! Congrats to all our participants!
beats for sale
Good morning!
Damn I wanna lay down so bad 😔 Another night of sleeping on this stupid recliner .__. I can't even recline back!
I don't know if you guys know this, but I have elaborate defense mechanisms in place to protect myself from getting hurt by things.
that's what I do....Badger tweets day and night!
ie: if your hometown was Westchester, NY like me, I wouldn't move back there to try & start something. But BOS has excited energy
Already drank 96 oz of coffee today. suck it
Can you please follow me back :))
This sucks
Yessir, I second that.
Dropped out of school when I was 22. What can I do to satisfy you?
even though you don't follow or ever notice me :( I still thanks you for EVERYTHING. Without you I wouldn't be who I am today!
Guys who clean up their rooms know the best pick up lines.
Bad link, bro...says page isn't there.
RT : ": I'm so excited!!" we all are! So much potential.
why will she have u Jailed? are u ending world peace?
Sorry, I parked like an asshole today
*potential* for a life altering decision. :)
sometimes, I see things, and they Hit me so hard... l lose control too. Being human is cool to me :)
I been spending way too much!
U-Verse does NOT carry gay titles in their adult PPV. Not that we would even order them, but it's all about equality. :-)
Texting and about to go to bed.
I like to believe that I didn't have children of my own I had College Republicans instead. It's worked out pretty well.
Awesome! Thanks. From a fellow texas country girl I am loving the music. BEST- JP
Im looking for a realtor in #Shepherdsville #Kentucky Contact me if interested or if you know a good one.
That hoe suc everybody off lol got nerve to try and cover up ya dirt.. I see you shorty ctfu
r u sure? just called sprint and they denied the recent news
Chugging my last half gallon of water until after stage!
totally. I expect to see some in the office tomorrow morning! :)
Next time half of y'all see me I'm gonna have tatts..
when will I see you at Happy Hour?
That was some beautiful puck work from T.J. Oshie!
someone explain to me why Matt Barnes wont just dunk the ball. In tired of seeing him get chased down and blocked
Courtside from Oracle. Thompson! Belinelli! Live tweeting Tank-fest 2012.
Rad having & drop through for a minute.
thanks round everyone sends mad love.Deezle sends blessing your way
Great bird list! Glad you got some birding in.
So pumped and a little nervous... Doing body pump with my friend.
Hahaha! Biden is a journalists' dream. He's a really smart dude, but he's always sticking his foot in his mouth. LOL
hell yeah...that Shit is hilarious
MUSIC SOUNDS BETTER WITH YOU BABY
I hope I can keep my thoughts at bay, and have a good day today.
A big thanks to for today. I'm so proud to have Timico in Newark.
get it boi out now all over the world,copt ur copy
ATTN: All Sanderson High students! we have a VERY special lunch special just for you! 2 Cheese slices + Drink for $4.99!
Oh shit we're on tv PCRK channel 10!
Is there any question that Gaustad was the 3rd/4th liner McGuire was talking about on TSN?
Oh baby ah my obsseessiiooonn <333333 CONGRATS;D
It's only Thursday .-.
Dig the new pic.
We mostly don't get flies, almost never any wasps or bees, but we did get a possum last week. :-P
The media does this....and pushes it in our faces and people like you go AWOL over it. You fall for the TMZ trap.
Going to hair show in CHI this wknd! Then appearing on on Thurs 3/8 to show the hottest, new trends!
Old Turk, woulda hit that
Thank you for the RT and for sharing the good news re: CalTrain electrification.
lol I don't thonkbi ever will
there's no swag in Idaho.
sorry to my followers, I haven't been on here in a while since #teenwolf hasn't been on... I'm patiently waiting for season2!! :)
dude, is one of your groomsmen? I like to know whomever I might have to walk down an aisle with.
oh yeah. I repost your pieces on the SSP fb page. Thx again.
LSN NEWS/ RICK SANTORUM Presidential candidate Staff Push Back Media Including C-SPAN In DC
getting hype for this lakeshow game man.. we in la we gotta get this.
He has the hair he has the eyes he has the personality but he can be dick
Groovy! RaRah is a great human being.
They say Puff worth 550 million.....DAMN!!! Don't worry if I write rhymes, I write checks haha.
Great reporting and investigative journalism by & every Sunday.
remain hungry.. never satisfied..
We are not conceding. We are actually just in wait and see mode.. You should try it sometime Neill.
Too hot to work out. Must drink wine instead. And watch TV. And eat that bag of chips before it gets stale. Much too hot to work out.
The music in this store is ruining my life🔫
Hi Joshua, thanks for submitting your piece. We are at a two-month turnaround max for fiction. Hope this helps.
hey waz up there
Been listening to the game on radio driving home. Surprised I haven't crashed in frustration yet. Unbelievably awful.
Ok people...the winner is who resurrected his initial wrong response with the correct date! Congrats!
Lol the sun was just out like 4 minutes ago. What the fuck happened..
no more than you do now, I'm sure
they burning my chesy
nevermind.. as a fan we dont want to see it and expect better..
Good Monday Morning Twitter fam!! How are u doing this morning? #ESPRESSOTIME for me :)
11- your username is really cute :) also i love avan jogia too! its really cool that you live in germany! ♥
that shits weak
He's an on time God!
I've been good! You?! :D
I know exactly where that is! I passed it 2x while doing mello yello tour!
he wasn't tonight.
#oomf likes my smile :-)
I am thinking about getting one myself but don't know if it's wort the buy.
Writing grants gives me the munchies! I need to find a grant that funds our office snacks.
Thanks for the MT!!
what up and how have you been?
Please follow for all #econdev news in San Antonio!
loving all the zombies in session. Getting some good tips on how to survive an attack :)
I love Put Your Hearts Up by Arianna Grande!!!
Wow! Why does the NCAA hate Memphis so much?
I am at NewVox until 6pm today.
Today couldn't have stressed me out more.
Congratulations to Kevin Ostrowski, one of our Sr. Staff Engineers for receiving his Michigan Professional Engineering license. Way to go!
well i hope you make it son,, i cant get a job to save my life,,,im out chea hurtin
Like donny???? he can always give us rides ;)
GO BEARS!!! Can't lose to the Chiefs today!!
I didn't think it was going to get stuck in there!
's THE RIGHTEOUS MIND is wonderfully clearly written. Halfway through. Reading with professional admiration.
more 1D pictures tomorrow to prove our love to ?
ha i know i saw y today toi
Was it Scott??? hahahah
Established South Asian artist Nahid Raza, style similar to famed M.F. Hussain, only two pieces $400-$890.00 www.zanbeelart.com
We Shall Drink Together Tonight
Did everyone get there workout in today? Get busy!!!
That gun is sick!!!
It will be on the #awesomeness network, which debuts in June. The YouTube network initiative should be fascinating.
We've tweeted so much... I forgot to pee... oop! ...too late.
let's do a webcast <3 thank you for last night... everytime feels like the first!
I'm an overachiever, so how about I start a team of leaders and pick up Stevie Wonder to be the wide receiver?
#goodtoknow RT : Homemade treats are great. can pack + ship those goodies for loved ones.
Well played, sir.
Throw a WI location in on that Demi Lovato Tour, will you??? PLEASE????? Madison?
This all started because of the Pussycat Dolls' "When I Grow Up"
But I'm really excited for the Aids Walk in New York. It's going to be so fascinating and a great experience. SUNDAY!
Grapple hooks? Stickers? Sock puppets that slap each other? Little Big Planet 2 thought of everything.
The FiVE @ Five event is underway here at Balistreri Vineyards and filling up quick!
they won't let you get your own contract?!
##getschman Affable intro. No hand in pocket. Hard to do humor unless very comfortable.
Happy 80th Birthday Johnny Cash!!!
then u should see the tomatoes in my garden Paul.
Bed time
The Root of all Insanity: End Of April 2012 Post
Westbrook kinda looks like a lizard
I'll keep you in mind and of course that forces me to produce some words to let you read doesn't it? Be well
- I hear you. Was D-Roseless last week and got knocked out. Good luck!
Table draw in the 1k 6max seems excellent. 3 oldish guys and another guy who just opened 6 bbs.
Dalton, Ga., man wins $20,000 in Georgia Lottery
Rip #ninelivesOfChloeKing and #secretcircle bye bye Jake :(
Go Raji! Super Bowl fever getting warmer #gopackgo Another free shot!
RT : Hey, #Wisconsin ~ How many jobs has #ScottWalker created? Bawhahaha!!! How many days for THAT recall?
ive got to find some inner strength to make it through today.
Why would you keep secrets from your boyfriend/girlfriend in a relationship?
NATHAN WIND
Hey, you kinda left all your stuff at my house. Just in case you forgot. Lol
It was a birthday present to myself to not have to work yesterday :)
I want to go to your next show! Hit me up!
Austin, you're beautiful <3
I wish I got the job from baptist =\
DONT BE HATING ON Y NEW FRIENDS THERE COOL
You + Gum + School = Instant Popularity.
Not a good morning for me
its a lot of them on here you'll be wealthy
So did we! MT : Thanks for teaching and I about mail art today! And for the cookies.
I grew up there. My mom and friends' moms always worked. Female teachers inspired me to be an independent thinker.
The feeling is mutual, Lisa!
We checked in on our mint today & it is ready for tea! Can't wait to bring you some next wk & visit yr opening March 31st!
It's possible to explain them quicker. Hochuli just prefers to be thorough. Or wordy. You choose.
but they were "unmarried" and "co-habitating" moms. thus the language we used.
A groundplan in powerpoint? This promises to be a hi quality event.
If you ballin im with the owners
DAVID ALLEN GRIER!!!
Life is I.N.G
well that is quite lovely of you, I think I might just have to do that. I'm looking into the HOOTSUITE thing now. A guru eh?
: Thanks for following back Eileen. Best time of the year in S Florida. Temp in mid 70s.
bus to DC...a sprinkle of holiday celebration then hopping to Newton... not the fig kind....
Dude with light up wheels on his wheelchair was g as fuck
Ok friends and followers. Where can I get boxes for cheap in San Diego?
F YOU CARL EDWARDS!!!!!
DYK? Phi Beta Sigma Founder A. Langston Taylor was their First National President. ...Happy Founders Day
The first meeting of the Economic Development & Strategies Committee was a huge success. Lots more to do to help grow San Diego's economy.
I miss you so much more!
CA Small Claims Special: Prepare, File , and Serve- $99! Call 855-PROCESS today!
- Check out Good rootsy rock.
ughh jenny. Why you so naughty ?!!?
my toothpaste tastes like toasted cream cheese bagels - eugene
Tips for traveling with teenagers by glassvisage
Space is overrated.
DD is the model of what a WR should be in #NFL from a work ethic/personal good guy. Sad to say tho...it's time to go.
Christmas is coming sooner than you think. Felon Fitness makes a great present for anybody who wants, likes, or needs to exercise.
God blesses those whose hearts are pure, for they will see God. Matthew 5:8,
Now off to Greece for another meeting...
Band would like to thank those who braved the snowy chicago night to see the new set. it only gets better from here.
ur an amazing basketball player but I could def beat you at madden
Like legit mother nature needs to calm herself. I want the lights back on!:p
I love my sister man , she the only one that can help me get thru shit like this !
Keep saying you're gona leave one day. But truth is im going to be leaving the house one day. You need to take care of my family
I know they learn from your show!
Lmfao how'd u know???
Gas prices aren't the only cost hitting motorists' wallets hard. Tune in to Sunrise to hear about the latest report!
#FreshprinceofBelair "God, please don't let me leave here w Breast..."-Will lmaooo
But I'm a realist and know that there are very limited groups of ppl really following/ discussing this
"The best design is always a source of both immediate delight and lasting pleasure," Elle Decor Magazine.
IF YOU HAVE AN OOVOO SEND ME YOUR NAMES!!!!!!!!!
11 33 here and I'm not tired when I should be
Own your own business..Start today!
teacher formerly, however, if teacher + stus develop expectations together, motivation will increase, IMHO
Who the fuck says stuff like that...this is the shit I be talking about
is the best rapper ever!Before,I barely listened to rap/hiphop music.But ever since I heard you,I can't stop <21 love you(:
pussy is just drama.....lol
Come meet cochlear implant users and learn more about hearing loss at a free #hearingloss seminar bit.ly/hearingtour
MT : Whichever baseball gods gave the O's an early April Yankees series starting with the back end of the rotation, I despise you.
ATTENTION; IS NOT LEO!! LEO'S ACCOUNT IS
Skins UK version
TheatreSports Team meets tonight: 7pm. Great fun! TheatreSports Team meats tonight: pepperoni. Great taste!
Ah! You can hear it coming like a train outta control!!!!!
#lifesaver Lol thanks for posting it
Ninety farms lamb butchered this am, on our plates tonite Grilled t-bone, celeriac puree, roasted pascillas, hedgehog shrooms.
yeah, my neighbor said at least from us on maryland ave ne up to her friend on independence. What happened?!
I'll have a blue Christmas without you...
Well, it is! :) But yeah, that's problematic.
Learn something new everyday! RT : Ni Ko La Ba Toom.... no "s"
you should make the bucket hat your MF Doom Mask... in other words, your trademark lol
your girl will be jealous of your #fantasybaseballteam because you spend more time with it than her. Advice: erotic toy
I'm so pissed! I'm trying to put some pictures on here. Lol! I suck at Twitter! River loved him, but it was my vicious cat....
Yes, it's been divine!
RT : User: "So you can listen to Pandora in #Salesforce?" Me: "No, that's my bookmark."
DCFashion Week starts tonight at 1250 24th St. NW 7pm. Eco-Fashion show. Designers - Kelly Tang, Elizabeth St. John and more.
what rich said. If that doesn't work you can also restore in iTunes hyun.
let's hear it for the boy is on in modell's <3
What a busy day at work, feels good to chill have a brew and watch the crew play in 1 of my fav cities hotlanta
Handed off the iPad and #nacw tweeting duties to Back tomorrow.
follow me, I followed back!
If anyone has seen a pink Kate spade wallet with keys attached PLEASE LET ME KNOW! The last place I had them was blackbird. Ah
I wish you could separate trending topics by race.
Wait wait wait...a day off tomorrow? A WHOLE day? Hot damn! Wait...and a ticket to a show? Well, I'll be damned.
Dammit. I feel like I'm dying inside again.
If I could be like that, I would give anything.
but they're apparently honey badgers
I think u forgot the "killer? Never" part in there o_O
Ahh, now that feels good. Enhance your flexibility and find your center during a serenity stretch session.
I was jesting
If your ex is still calling, it's because they are still getting an answer.
: he's repenting for his sins....unlike you....now go back to the sinners side of the bench!!
RT : Listening to architect Michael Green explain huge benefits of building hi-rise buildings made of wood.
Starbucks should never ever get rid of their coconut syrup.
Here we go.heay
thanks for letting us know :) Giraffes are awesome!
same here. But by wine I mean scotch.
Damn last episode of #DesperateHousewives forever now I can just focus on these #NBA games
The Doctor and some movie starring Robert Duvall as a pilot and Beaches. I did like that we had to find articles in popular media
Morris-Butler Holiday Teas start this Saturday. Only a few spots open. Call 636-5409 for reservations.
We should take a walk someday, dream about what we could've been. But I don't wanna leave this place, no faith in Brooklyn.
Oh shoot it's going down in the MA! and can't wait!
will be screening 2 great films at our first block! She's a Sensei and Letting in the Jungle. Thanks!
Jack Harry and Frank Boal up in the press box at LSP. Frank's got a SKC scarf on.
hi I may be working with a local person within my area. Thanks for reaching out to me!
Our success is a direct result of knowing how to market a brand and having the right people representing the brand
About to? Where we are, they definitely already are!
“: What do I have to offer this world?” - a bad attitude and medium to large hands. Oh and a ship tattoo.
county music <3
