A hat tip to the #yotes and all their fantastic fans. A long time coming and well deserved. Hard to root against them.
Race for the Cure tomorrow morning! Will be a great emotional day! Follow for all the updates!
"Not bein the next somebody ima be the first me" KILLED that hoe bruh
love it!
Reading an article about Athlete superstitions & rituals. Tiger Woods associates wearing red in final rounds with 'strength & assertiveness'
the last two eps were awesome-- it was the age of the FOREIGN PAINTER
These MF on the bulb they doing the dougie -___- 😔
: Shoot me a text a few times during the day just to tell me that u missin me
“Some things in life are out of your control. You can make it a party or a tragedy.”
you know keeping up with my schedule is not too easy... but just easy enough
Thought I was getting to sleep at a decent time, guess not haha
Thank you for a great session!
Let me know when my check's ready RT Just got spammed to get "free twitter followers." I didn't realize I was paying for the rest
My thought exactly. Like Spygate... a lot of teams do it, but the truly arrogant get ballsy and get caught.
U gotta get wifed up first
cell phone-Texas on my plates-on a 3 month rest-professors call it summer break
Get the Limo of your choice for your Sweet Sixteen! Call today for a quote 619.225.8466
One more day!
I have the most amazing best friend ever. It's gonna be the best summer ever...we'll get through everything together.
Come to Relic 2nyt...DJ Envy One & DJ C-LO on the 1's and 2's all night...
Wishing everyone a great holiday weekend! -The Unicorn Staff
BITCH. How dare they not notice! You be looking fantastic :)
Hearing rumors there's a new cage that's been invented for MMA. It's a circle that has a 7" raise from center to cage & cage angles inward..
Started off the day with some Can't wait for the new ep
RT : The Colder the room you sleep in, the better the chances are that you’ll have a bad dream
on tap now: 2 hours of the music and productions of MF DOOM. tune in til 1 am at wtju dot net or 91.1 fm, y'all!
"and I'm not scared. Light my candles in a daze 'cause I found YOU." - Kurt Cobain (Feb 20, 1967 – April 5, 1994)
Thank you to our departing seniors DeShawn Sims, Zack Gibson, and Anthony Wright! Go Blue!
I use every morning and at all my book events for When Life Gives You O.J.
Q: Hey, , iPhone or Android? A: iPhone 4S--voice assistant is essential for Clawed-Americans like myself.
": Let integrity and uprightness preserve me, for I wait for You. Psalms 25:21"
Great to meet you at the NAGGL conference! Glad to see our popcorn was a success! You may say that we popped the competition out of the bag!
How about the dead zone between Pierre's ears?
Thx for the mention!
Clash about to start
shoulda stopped and said hello! But I think I was in MS.. You going to Eric church tonight?
omg im already exhausted from the work this week (i sort of hope it rains)
A quant guy from Koch describes his dating and engagement in math terms? Possibly the highlight of my week. Other than Bberg typing "lol".
Because it's fiscally irresponsible, and in tough times everyone needs to sacrifice. The middle class has done it's fair share!
aight got ya
I fuck this white girl who got a pink Range who drives fast in the slow lanes.
#ThingsICantStand when a dude like u but he wont tell u
It's Going Down...TONIGHT! OG BOO DIRTY PERFORMING LIVE @ ELEMENTS ULTRA LOUNGE. SHOW STARTS @ 8 & WE GOIN IN TIL DA WEE HOURS. BE DERE
happy birthday, dee dee!
just wanted to give you a heads up that salesmen are completely unhelpful
love it - tasty and a great cause!
it seems "Baltimore Bellys" are in the winter!!!!!
Check out our updated website: www.creativerebellion.ca - We now offer high end Post-Production services including on-line editing!
Talk of magic makes me extremely uncomfortable. Seems like we have enough of that with the religious right.
Everything's new, Prior.
Been so out of-the-loop with swine flu news back home. Lots of people wearing masks at the Singapore Airport.
Month of May will be song writing and recording month. Stay tuned for snippets of new songs during the month! June we begin our next tour.
Opens with Outside, encore is a freestyle, Break, then Lights Turned On
HOORAY FOR HOLLYWOOD #oscars Great to have you Back in the Drivrs seat.
well he hasn't been on for over a week or so and he sent me a dm saying he's leaving me
no!!! Get your butt down to Fells Point! !!!!
that's very thoughtful of you.
we hope to see you
Even my music slowed down! #easylistening? RT : Is time at a standstill today?
WISH I WENT TO DAY GLOW!!!
Lmfaooo! Yes I just thought that it could've been either way.
Oh, infinitely healthier -- esp. mental health! RT : Please tell me that dirty houses are healthier, too. :)
Broncos got a wrestler best football players to draft, stud noce pick I hate you!
It's Valentine's Day? I'd rather celebrate Taco Tuesday.
UHG, it hurts to talk. i guess this is karma for never shutting up
elk grove!? Jeez
At the SPArty you'll b able to try some of the different treatments that has to offer as well as meet tweeps IRL
42? Ha! Great answer, but I hope that's per window. I commonly run one to two hundred across windows.
Wow! 71 hours a week? You do need some rest. What kinda "store" do you work at?
Gloriously beautiful day! Now I am full of barbequed ribs!
nice!! You should put in a good word for me ;)
yes, that and a spoonfull of sugar!
What is up with the 6 helicopters over the silverlake reservoir pointing their lights to the sky????
inside a class, or which class/school?
I laugh at people who use the word "socked"
You know girls in this hell hole need to have some self respect for them selfs like what the fuck
Some of these African Men are so Yummy... about to ride a camel :) www.facebook.com/VivacityPhD for safari photos!
#everyblackneighborhood has a Mr.Fix-it Junkie.
so so so so so good. It was incredible.
Way cool! IPA is using to deliver commentary to directors after the performances.
don't thank me for the follow when you stole my Jay away from me
Just not in North Carolina. RT : No matter how bad you think your life is, remember, you could be married to Mitt Romney.
Calling all Austinites to Saxon Pub this Wednesday! Walt Wilkins @ 9pm and my set is @ 11pm. Come on down for some good times!
Charles Fey.
One thing I've learned on twitter about pro athletes: they are always watching sports. All the time. All types.
tim tebow will still win a game
Twittersphere, I'm afraid!
#dl09za can't seem to login; getting a runtime error. & don't know how to join a team.
u run windows 7?
If true, I'm not saying that what was done was right and of course I feel bad for the person involved. With that said....
Dane County Dispatch confirms a plane has crashed at the Dane County Airport.
No fluff stuff tonight, yall! Guitars, singers, and songs..That's my kinda Whiskey Jam!!
If I weren't in just my third week of a new job, I'd most definitely be staying home tomorrow. So much suckage.
Last night was basically Sal and I standing in various rooms telling stories to people, then sitting on the couch watching a muted film.
A substitute youth services position, so just the occasional shift here and there, but it's a start!
my birthday is on july4.ik its in2months.can u wish me a HbD?tat day?
I just ask some dude on Twitter to do me a favor & get me alil more followers. His reply was "How much am I paying?" Wowww
wow you tryna talk about but you cant spell nor say my name right ? THATS FINE.
I've been following a former derby girl all this time and I didn't know it? I went on Saturday (first time) and it was INCREDIBLE!
Can the feminist twitterers stop posting about the #HungerGames as if its the most prog. movie ever? I don't want to unfollow you, really...
All Ima say is #RollTide baby! Lets get
Just discovered an Outlook rule that's been moving important messages to the wrong place for months. Wonderful.
What a waste of time, he should be kicked out! RT " RT : Wow. Replay shows that Smotrycz didn't even touch him"
what's good my dude good looks working like a dog. Keep uo the good work holler at your boy
sorry about being a little Benedict Arnold.
Sipping on a hot cup of Tazo passion tea. Its so good.
Not trying to impress you or anything but... I can swim without floaties.
naw bro I'm live all night bt DM yo numba girl“: bruh it's only 8:25 you take your old self to bed grandma”
Note to self: tweet more libguides
this nigga got a twitter
Already can't wait for the massage after running Ragnar
Its about that time
The panini was... poison :-Q,..
This is truly a visual medium and need to hold folks interest with pictures
Dear God.. Thanks for this beautiful life and forgive me if I don't love it enough.
okay thats wassup ! Well i am at home on twitter . sitting here watching house of payne , [its a party over here whoop whoop]
Here's to baseball, bowties and twitter. Keep hacking away Joe. :-)
cant wait for #believe! Its gonna be unBELIEVEable (in a good way)!!!!! <3 u
#First20SongsOnShuffle 11. Kiss And Control- A.F.I.
#IKnowYouBroke Cause you still buy AEROPOSTALE!
That's the city's time to rest!!!!
just returned from the 24-hour apple store. lots of folks even well past midnight.
Twitter is just a big game of "is it racist"
good morning beautiful!
mrs fanelli because the bishop is coming and we have mass :/
thank you indeed!
Congratulations to Ryan Braun on the NL MVP, he really deserved it.
Thank you! We're thrilled to be working together as well. Big year ahead for us.
Megan Harris from Veterans History Project discusses military oral histories as social/cultural history
come get food from my house(: <3
Happy cinco de mayo. Be nice...and eat a burrito?
I am a role model. My child watches me. My neighborhood observes me. My community counts on me. This too is
Haha, same here! Im still dying to know whats gonna happen with Rachel!
Went to California 2day for mothers day! I love u mom!
happy to help
It was ok ppv
i got some weight on my shoulders to me it's like feathers
#PeopleNeedToStop telling women their useful
That's right. Maybe with DC metadata grasped in their talons.
yes, let us know what they say...xoxoxo
Then they excuse be I only listen to it for the bitches, yeah ight...
you're crazy Jac! Payton's birthday was on Saturday.
Yep. Looks like 10:40 out of CS on Wed.
awh thanks c:
cause when u smile, i smile! :)
I respect that.... Its not easy finding somebody that's gone be all the way #100 now days tho.
IM SO CONFUSED.
With all due respect to your point(which I agree with)..a Top 5 Most Hated List IS all opinion..
see you then.
Last night living in the Dwight#211. What am I watching ?
Seripusly : Haha. Bring earplugs. It's so loud I can't even : I need to go there!!”"
Me - Why Are You Proud Of Me ? Bestfriend - You Done Made It Through & Still Strong (:
anything is better than Lily Hellpern or w.e
Putting champagne on ice for when Arpaio either: A.) Blows his head off B.) Gets thrown in jail C.) gets deported.
shoot me ur email. We can work some business gee
So you're right, I truly struck gold!
Im so happy #2011 is here! I got a new job last month and i start in a couple days!
Major League Baseball announced on Tuesday that La Russa will manage the National League squad in the 2012 All-Star Game
Networking or notworking?
Just got home from a late commercial audition for Universal Studios. What a long day!
OMG thats so cute, was it the Blackberry bomb?
What is your touchdown dance going to be this year for the G-men?
Fun time tonight...weekends are too fast.
Damn it stupid pen exploded allover my phone. #couldbeworse #karma?
Doing homework and switching between Die Hard and The Sound of Music..
Hagai you do understand I'm highly pissed stop with insults the Hawks got robbed point blank period!
Connecting the Sciences & Humanities in meaningful ways
other pluses to e-readers: can change text size, link to other content --videos, definitions, practice problems.
Happy Birthday Jetson!
Bout to be sitting on the throne tell them girls to get ready to pick my fruit and feed it to me
o bro
what's up......sorry I'm just getting this twitter sucks sometimes
Wow I will be on conference calls from 10:30am to 5pm tomorrow. Shoot me now.
WHITE LOAFERS are a #fail unless it's an all white or some shit lol
GET CHO ASS BACK ON
Don't worry, it's an order for my library, not for me. I'm still giddy, though.
You saw that craziness sent too huh?!
Wait does the voice come on at 8:00 right?
meeting as many fans as u do, I was JW do u ever remember any of them? DO U REMEMBER ME?? I showed u an email Susie sent me!!!!!!!
#Wrestlemania 28 is Spectacular! #Miami does it best!!! I vow to be in MetLife Stadium April 7,2013 for Wrestlemania29!
Finishing up the color correct of Évocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie" for our April 19th Tribeca premiere.
Wake up 10 minutes before the alarm clock rings. Go back to sleep just for 5 minutes. Wake up 2 hours later.
Are you taking bets? I'd put some $ on one two hours late, and more $ on one never showing up.
They cheap ass weave b sew in.......
let the games begin.
Is that the one you found in algebra?!
I'm usually hard to hold on to..<3
E EU "I'M FROM RUSSIA"
♜The greatest mistake a man can make is to be afraid of making one. -Elbert Hubbard
because 1) never saw it and 2) mainly because all of TiVo is full of shows we watch together
the bo was due to jealousy :)
Fifth round of golf of the year after work tonight. Who said March weather in Chicago wasn't any fun?!
Going to the music store. Yaaaay
say mi was bout tew get in 3 fights luv :=)
Good day for golf
Glad I got afternoon class tomorrow.
Emergency crews practise road rescues
That's your mission, isn't it?
es un mama Tubos el impact
“Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors for you where there were only walls”. -Joseph Campbell.
Makenna Flory is the best bus seat buddy ever!
Last day of #AGBT. Genomics Studies morning session about to get under way.
Happy birthday to the U.S. Marines! Thank you for your 236 years of service!
Even if I'm not collaborating in a doc, just making it visible can be good motivation, esp. for something like
Decided to get a #scooter.... can you say #Flower Power! :-))
Loving the mild weather
Congrats Adam!
hahaha yeah cuz you're pretty far from 2 white boys I mean.... Let's be real here.
chill she was on me lol
#classic RT : Jerry Maguire. Show me the MONAYYYYY!!!
It's weird, though. I like social media...but I don't like people very much. :)
Why am I still up!!!!! I got so much to do 2marrow so happy to be in my home town. thank the Lord!
off to parent meeting @ daughter's school
BEST DAY EVER on set :) love love love acting :)
S/O to all my trap niccas!
Yes, it's unfortunately too loud during carbonation. No soda making in the middle of the night.
Emily Procter fans. Tonight take please the opportunity to tweet Max to ask if Emily has recieved our Valentines gift!! Please
what are you doing in NOLA? NOLA is one of the best cities in the world! I use to love there and miss it lots.
Were back in Atlanta for the Week, Who Wants to Get a Shoot on the Books...
- Those are second tier... but good ones.
Girls get here soon! We take the LAST girl at 4pm SHARP! Hurry! Don't Forget your student ID!
crazy delayed but thanks babe
XD that would be pretty liberal
That is all it takes... One small shift in the chains... Hear them rattle... Then you are not blind to it anymore. Continued next tweet
Digging through thousands of online reviews...
Sure is!
Testimonials great for moving forward business, acquiring new customers. Leverage existing social stories.
Sitting by the fire and sipping some hot peppermint tea. Nice and toasty.
who wants to be next?
:o you b lame lyke me too?
Summer will never end.
your habits are vehicles to your daily success
:) i LOVE wwe , ive been a fan a long time. my favorite is santino lmao, andd Kofi Kingston. those are just right now of course
Please. This was not a mere gaffe : Limbaugh has issued apology to Sandra Fluke: "My choice of words was not the best..." #SpareMe”
Cardinals game today at 1:00pm. Best seats in the house is our house at Fox Sports Grill.
happy trails!
Listening to #TheSaturdays while doing hw! :) I want their new album!! We need to get them popular in the US!!
I'm thinking a feline would be a good addition to the Sarigianopoulos household!!
New rolling whiteboards at the HS/HSL. Pull them over to your study area and give them a try.
Hello , Plz DM us & provide an email address for an exciting (non-spam) opportunity centered around #Cloud in San Francisco. Thnx!
": Portlandia. Next stop Voodoo Doughnuts. Man vs Food. "...I want em soo bad bring back home!
Follow if you tell yo mamma jokes!
That's what I thought, I wanna get one! I really wanna start shooting shows. But yeah the more the better! Haha
That moment when you realize that one of your friends is a bigger tool than you ever thought they would be.
but you need both sides to balance (free market) or with just unions you'd have, well...San Diego
I'll tell you when Adele performs :-)
In 10 days I will be...
I jus scared the shit outta that lady. . .oops my bad
Don't forget its EXTREME SUMMER time at M Salon! Click on the Enter To Win tab to the left for your chance to win a HUGE Summer Make-Over!
YOU. MAKE. ME. WANT. TO. KILL. SOMEONE.
If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.-- Henry Ford
RT Dentist chair... At times it's nerving... < this guy! Practicing for that stand up routine?
I'm Belgian and German but I don't guzzle beer and sauerkraut everyday lol
I asked my honey to pick me up a shake at jack in the box on his way home and he didn't......I may not need it but I wanted it......
I'm not going anywhere "exotic" for SB. But, it will still be a good one!
fasho... Haha nigga you know where I'm at lol just been busy networking all day everyday... You ever comin to Cali bro?
Absolutely agree RT : #Goldrush narrator is a little too dramatic tonight. Still my favorite Friday night show : )
Your welcome. The only place I have been is to Waverly so I love seeing pics of other places. "
Gwyneth, per usual.
waiting for app store approval now. Android app is out.
Just ordered a large bacon piazza! For me and my lil sis. I frickin' love bacon piazza!! :D
...The Flyers rookies defeated the Capitols rookies not only on the scoreboard but also by out skating them and destroying them in brawls.
AUSTIN I LOVE YOU! Show some Love 2 Texas again though Ihavent met you & ur all over the world now I'm so proud of you though❤
Joy 2 u
I have to say, most of you restaurants paying a PR agency are throwing your money away.
So you agree with Becker that public subsidies are a bad idea for college?
"If all my friends were to jump off a bridge, I wouldn’t jump with them, but I’d be at the bottom to catch them."
Mama Mahone is lucky cz he has Perfect son <=-P
... "EXERCISE, even a little bit will help. You eat every day, so MOVE every day." ... Your Weight-Loss Coach
#livegive same here and that sounds good period!!! man im hungry!!!!!):
it would be awesome if you followed me back cause then I could use the excuse that I died so I couldn't write my history paper
Second Benlysta treatment was a snap. Yay!
History Professor
God made Coke, God made Pepsi, God made Joe Jonas so damn sexy...♥
Does more visibility online mean we give up some of our freedom?
Everyone is right. And that's why we all must keep fighting. Srsly.
thank u
dollhouses for toddlers
Bob Newhart~ Laughter gives us distance. It allows us to step back from an event deal with it and then move on.
As always, it is a blessing to hear the angelic voice of Ms. ! U sounded amazing Hun!!
Maybe she just has a gas-station fetish?
Ooh awesome! :D Who do you think has done best so far?
WEEKEND BOUND....
That would be us! RT : Did someone say Pulled Pork??? :-)
And the street code is not international..lol
Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah, Happy Yule and to anyone that doesn't believe Happy Sunday.
not to be confused with "Twister!" from the producers of BATTLESHIP starring Rihanna and the kid from 2.5 men
So glad you enjoyed it! Hope to see you next time! RT : Great event this morning! So glad I was able to go!
Happy Birthday, Jacob. :)
woa that's gorgeous! just went to hawaii for my first time recently and it was uhmazing. have a blast karen!
I've seen stage directions like *closes laptop* or *looks around* but whispering might need its own characters. ~whispering~?
I think I also saw a bunch of people riding a giant teeter-totter near Could that be true? Too tired to dbl chk.
Contributions to the juke box? Springsteen's "Santa Claus is Coming to Town" and "Maneater". I'd call tonight a success.
Why are mosquitos religious ?They prey on you !
Is anyone watching the Carmello Anthony rape trial?
Hey Tweet friends, just dropping in... Watching Maury it's a crazy topic as usual lie detector, and cheaters!
The blackout curtains in this hotel work just a little too well.
nobody's perfect..
“: how have you been doing Rokaya? what have you been up too?” I've been good, hbu? And nothin really u?
Daily GTKY question: What cartoon character best describes you? This one is for Robin Renee Ray
im gonna be mature and not swear at you. hoe. i won.
Also, thank the heavens for - keeps me sane in the T-8 weeks.
And if anything I said offends you, I won't apologize. That's your conscience telling you what you're doing ≠ what you should be doing.
thanks Jim. Always a blast with those guys.
aww nice thank u pretty girl
This is probably compounded by cross-Atlantic-ness--he wrote a zillion much-loved children's books here.
"You're very clever, young man, very clever," said the old lady. "But it's turtles all the way down!"
Hahah do you ever wonder why you havent died yet hahahahah
I hate the fact tjat and are really watching mary kate and ashley movies and so into it
Thank u for Rt!
TRUTH RT : I miss Mariano already.
I haven't been to Raisin Canes in years.
What are you needing?
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
RT:if you want to chill
Yeah, they claim I battered 'em.. I did put my hand on one of the cops guns after they'd tazed me the 2nd time, but...
Please help us get the word out about - bringing hope & joy to children in need for 22 years!
Thanks Nick for the follow!
RT This is a "A" and "B" conversation so "C" your way out before "D" jumps over "E" and "F"s you up like a "G"
This movie on B.E.T. is retarded and it haven't ever started yet
Cinco de Mayo & Luminaria in San Antonio today!!
thanks for the follow and support Scotty the siamese twins album does rock check out if your in the chi
Are you going to any shows before the end of the year?
I'm gettin' drunk but I'd much rather be somewhere with you
When that guy said stop tweeting for 10 hours he didn't mean 3 days! Where's the strobe light or alarm? D:
learning about South Asia, Visual Literacy, images that inspire to write, elem school program 4 low socio eco schools LA
What. A. Day.
protect yourself at all times
Sweet! Won a pitcher of #beer at in a trivia contest.
Nice. I'm assuming that you sent that from some sort of alternate astral plane. Well, hoping.
He was soo loud. I make my nephew watch this with me too, lol
yeah... look me up in google then we can chat there
Are you an expert squirter?
I will never not love listening to the Spice Girls.
Look fwd to it! RT See you today on the Bridal Tweet Chat!
Reno! We are looking for new sponsors everyday for musicians!!!
who you trying to stalk?
would of left the cutest text. 😏
RT : I deserve it!!! Lol<<I LOVE Seeing WOMEN get pampered and yes you do!!
It's Katy"Smurf" Perry.
Photoshop Tip: Follow up to my previous tip, you could also create an action for flipping an item and assign it a quick key.
LOADED BASES! #Brewers can do this.
Good morning everybody. Coffee is brewing and we're excited about the artwork getting finished last last night on our new project.
Thanks for the follow Pooh!
Psssh.. Who needs to keep it as a pet when you can just follow random turtles near the pond?
nice kite!
New Era Caps .....www.KINGOFFITTEDS.com best damn fitteds......
Local Music Thursday is ON ! Lots of new tunes to check out, and more on the way! Grab a cup of Joe and enjoy listening!
don,t know what you are saying
That moment when you can't stop RTing 's tweets ! <3 <3 <3
Wat type of shit is that...
LiveAreaLabs enthusiastically welcomes Neil Nylander, former Director of Delivery Management at Razorfish, today as President!
Ya can't sue Joe because he was a Jackson long before Micheal was
OH: "you would make a terrible therapist."
chew slower big boy...
she is in major need of some Head & Shoulders
why your freezer look like the ice cream truck? Lol
Swag, swag, swag on Niall. Chilling by the couch as I'm carrying his first child.
Rj Lieferman I'm so proud of you
Hey there, DY. How did the New Play Festival go? Where you happy??
Goodnight, ! Have a good rest :]
lol mte. still creeps me out a bit tho
We're about ready to dive in w/questions, so shout out to to say hello & so he knows you're here!
understandable. I have no ties to Brooklyn I was all jersey so I have some decisions to make.
it was an honor having you in Lubbock, TX. Thank you for speaking your heart.
Because I'm a glutton for punishment I'm tuning in to the Setting my expectations low....
Ben, thx a lot man. Been a pretty crazy year. Gone through a lot. Hustled hard to finish senior year tho... finals are a wrap
Right now would be a great time for everyone to give me your best Zen tips...
Instead of making a wish for 11-11-11, make one come true. Text FOOD to 52000 to feed a hungry child in
Go and Get It.. By All means.... Since my early teen years... Shit not New to Me...
so i have a stalker now lol
The history channel produces some of the most annoyingly "stylized", shamefully edited, and repetitious "documentaries" I have ever seen
<<<< true words
yeah they sound a little boring. I guess I wouldn't know though because I've never done them hahah.
Mr. Sandman, you suck. Nowhere to be found when I need ya!
Tomorrow 3rd ward
two can play that game hun, get checked before you talk shit. i ALWAYS have shit to say back. don't play.
#Messi need I say more? #cl #champions league
Hi Kim! So I have this great Evening Mag segment idea for you but can't find contact info. What's the best way to reach you?
There is one study I know of which shows that exercise does mitigate some of the effects of the saturated fat
Trying to catch up on what I missed
Notice how and all the other scum who commit usage of the word "slut" are mysteriously unable to counter women's logic.
All this soccer in the rain is killing my immune system ... or lack there of.
I'm listening!
Last couple days in the Bay Area ... Studio tonight! Back in Atlanta next week.
when in doubt dance your way out :D
but baby!! :b you were in like Greece or something when we were fil
Follow back sweetheart :)
Studying on one of the last days of spring break is not ideal.
Wish we could've been there, but we'll definitely pop up under your radar soon :)
Happy Full Moon!!
Last night I watched a movie called "one Week" what would you do if you had one week to live?
I Am Dixie Highway.
Good talk with soon-to-be j-school grad Future of journalism is in good hands.
: I love that idea. That said, I'm busy till about six. Can we do after or do you work?
A fun Friday phrase: "You shall know a word by the company it keeps" (Firth,1957).
I love git but sometimes feel like its messages are intentionally mysterious—e.g. "Merge made by recursive." when merging after cherry-pick.
. I think Drupal is too much tool.
Out of nowhere the kid asks me if teenage elephants call each other "penis-face" on the schoolyard.
Who hit the Winter switch?
thanks for the links, would prefer digital files, if you can send them. thanks! Les
just post it, please.
Just realized that Janikowski put up 23 fantasy points tthis week...And I had him benched for Akers.
Alabama Jacks for conch fritters!
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN ! You have improved so much, I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song sounds amazing! <3
this little game we play..
vania nobody is really tweeting you! hahahaha!
I could just kick myself for never finishing clown college. I was one balloon giraffe away!
I love you too. Come back to me, little potato.
has come such a long way from one time to boyfriend.. love the new song(:
Religious Education. BTW, I told Joel about his nose! ;) I feel really embarrassed!
Learnin how to be a proper fijian woman... Ie how to cook
just finished composing the message. it'll be going out this afternoon.
Warming up for Tonight ;)
There's not enough rain in Oklahoma to wash the sins out of that house.There's not enough wind in Oklahoma to rip the nails out of the past.
we are excited to bring it to market
Trying that new Extra Rootbeer Float flavored gum...yup. I'm off the hook on a Saturday night in Htown ;)
Hide out on #TaxDay at the in ! We're cooking up comfort food just 4 you!
Thanks for the #FF mention, Matt.
one change to tomorrow. Are u home to update event?
Just finished the screening of #Luv. was fantastic! The lady two seats down talking thru the movie, not so much.
i think should come to germany....so i can meet him(:
the AVN Awards were on and I missed them? sigh.
and I always will no matter what either baby ❤❤❤❤ you make me the happiest and my day brighter
by me!
some victims of #humantrafficking have their organs harvested! Help us stop this tragedy, sign up as a member, donate your time!
1 of those days. Onto story #3. RPD identify body found in river as missing man Alonzo Williams. Going 2talk2 a his pastor & family now.
We wanna see Instagrams. Enjoy!!
Food is so tempting right now.
this nigga smoking in the lobby on his site !
Thanks for coming and for helping spread the word!
i'm stepping my shit up, guys. just wait and see...
what happened to yall last night? It was a blast.lol
Did you know there is a justin bieber singing toothbrush... It is actually brilliant
yeahh you are every intimidating
Just proclaiming the truth.
In this month's , Ernest Moniz makes an argument for small modular nuclear reactors to meet clean energy needs.
So I called that number Sean Kingston posted and it went to voicemail but the voicemail was full. Lol.
When people scream in my ear>>>>>>>>>
Bonus #GeekTrivia question: Who was the actress who played Harley Quinn in the live action TV series "Birds of Prey?"
Thanks to all new followers,
You are welcome, Jon Stewart.
why does looks like Mollie Sugden at the #ERedCarpet ?
Don't Be Mad Cause I Treat Your Man Better Than You Do(:
Omg this weather is so cold. Operation move to somewhere tropical is in full force now. I'll do anything, ill go to korea if I have to
I've tried getting a hold of both Brittany & Julia. Give me your number so we can talk about everything.
Thinking is heavily endorsed. -Mal Pancoast
C'mon man!
lol. I'm imaging the resume literally says "recurring role on major show." training: "studied a lot w/ best teacher ever."
Jus woke up
Congrats to everyone that paid taxes through the lotto..your governments appreciate it
As Atlanta's events came to a close this morning, I am now off to celebrate The Drama Years in my home town, Albany, GA! I couldn't me...
sound super smart!
Marking this day down as the first time a PR person called to say, "I wanted to outreach you."
well that's just silly. ;) PS I got your vm. I'll call you back ASAP.
I've been completely stressed since #Picnik closed, but now that I've discovered , all is well w/ the world again! Thx
Hear the meaning within the word. ~ William Shakespeare
RT : One man, one wife, says Romney—whose great-grandfather had five wives, and great-great-grandfather had 12
The sweetest thing about him is how he curls up with me at night! Then gets pissed when a pug steps on him
<< I gave up the spread wit the packers but @ first I ml them smdh
Were you at one of our fun and fantastic book signings? Check out our recent author event photos and tag yourself!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I'm so fuckin dead
I'm on twitter
all of the time!
evaluating social media: what does success mean? Will vary according to purpose, usage, audience.
It's margarita time TONIGHT at 6 pm at , 1421 University Ave. $20 gets full taco bar, margarita & sodas. All journos welcome!
Having a good day today :)
“ “ stupid people can really ruin your mood””
come back!
West Mantooth is the of news anchors.
This is among our most British Parlimentary traditions...
Drizzle on a salad no need for anything else! RT : Thanks Amy! How are you planning to use the balsamic?
Aww thanks. Yeah we haven't talked much.
SCHS dance team wins National Ameridance Championship. Congratulations to ALL dance team members!
Ready to take these contacts out..
#JasonStatham is a hottie. But what's with all the violence in "Safe"? Should've been called "bullet diarrhea!"
Help make a 9 year old's dream come true. Trend
Headed to
RT If you think should win the grammy for Best Album Of The Year
Teaching CS: Marianne Hansen: Blackboard not liked by students for collaborative exhibit curation project
“ agreed! He sounded like he'd been sippin' on something lol-BH
I've found a ticket to the world
Love the blog. Congrats on starting it. The wish the 4 of us were able to get it going like we spoke about. Good luck!
it seems when I create my own tweets I gain followers and when I retweet other messages, I lose followers. How come?
Being the captain of a rec league soccer team is like being player-manager of a 12th Division soccer team, if that division existed
Harris: Recalling campaign polls putting her at 6% in SF DA race. Heard this part of speech before, but still inspiring.
Started juicing again and got a reminder of how important it is to put good fuel in your tank. I feel alive! Everything is crackling.
I'm on it.
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart
The darkest hour never comes in the night...
Salsa Saves Lives: Enjoy free food samples and water while you spend time with the pets. Saturday, May 5th, 10am-2pm.
Leap and the net will appear! Just be - don't act, just look someone straight in the eye, dance and don't be afraid to miss a step!
“: Our Hawks are headed to the Insight Bowl. Nice playing today and #GoHawks”. Go hawks!
Urban Meyer: "My health is in good shape.
of course I was watching it live!!! George always has a method for his madness, I trust him.
time to make the donuts
I've scouted a place here that has gum trees set up not unlike I've seen them in Australia on google street view, outside cities...
There are over 30-35 epipens in her school....two sit at the table....one on Gold days:(
We are on schedule for the launch of eBidjob in less than 2 months. Also if you need any tree work in ATL 770-310-4650 Thanks Jeff Beeler
Movie recommendation is Dan Arkroyd in "Trading Places"
hey there 'Content cowgirl' :) This is so belated but wanted to personally thank u for attending #FredNMT content mkt session
Jean Claude Van Damme tried to grow a beard like He became known as Seth Rogen
Will someone not be with their significant other or not be 21 with me?
thats dope , i krump to . And rap (: we have stuff in common . Lol
It's been raining for a week. I love the rain but it would be good if it stopped. Missing the sunny days. My pleasure, Thanks to u
aye if any of my followers tryna hit me up do it on here g my shit gone
Welp, the Flyers are done, might as well plan your trip to join the GREEN LEGION parade in New Orleans for MNF 11/5
Looks like the author is making a statement about the separation of church & state, not vouchers & terrorism.
cool if I use douchpuddles? New one to me.
Im not sure did she have like surgury when she was a puppy.?
Of course I'm on one of the trains that gets stuck cus some idiot has his truck on the tracks and gets hit. This day is like never ending :(
That was NFL officiating in a nutshell this year in the NFL, where have you been lol? RT That was a terrible call.
Now that we know Apple is open to apps that "cure" what should we really cure? Ignorance? Greed? Small-mindedness? Presents great app opps!
Who wants to get a group together and paint McGinn's house Galaxy Gold tomorrow?
Boxwire BizTip: When it comes to good customer service....well done is better than well said.
Spike Lee enters LIU gym for NEC final vs. Robert Morris.
Dan Bridges should thank u. Before today I'd never heard of INDPLS Recorder. Ur 'fan blog' helped get his dying paper free pub
What the $@%# are all these UL fans talking about, saying UK fans are vandalizing the Yum! center? You all have camera phones. Pictures???
oh yeah no problem lol
Hearing about the River Stories project over lunch.
thanks! we're in NYC RT : Great concept! Where are you based?
Getting ready to go for a walk with Hannah and
Guess what!!!!!! DJ E Square is back tonight at 7pm...... C what the sun bring you! A Mature and Sexy Waterfront Party!!!!! Drink Specials!!
not me. Straight up on the floor, using my backpack as a pillow. Need. Sleep. Soon...
no. it's the brain. You can't transplant it.
I knowww my pic has been in the paper twice this week
Proud to have just pimped to the crew #SXSW - "Lay-n-go is a must have"
Listening to 2\3rds at hurricane patty's. Nice Sunday evening!
i spit dope tracks n stack cash ,sippin da flask drippin in swag,ive dealt toe tags ova brown paypa bags, got 2 mags and 2 gats in 2 hands.
i'm on my way
#Bachmann wimps out of dual citizenship? She seemed so honored only a short time ago.
Now that would be nice! :)
Started watching Oz. The All-State "mayhem" guy showed up. Finally, there's a chance I can see him stabbed.
Jealous. RT : The Cleveland Museum of Natural History is CLOSED today, Monday December 13, due to severe weather.
Yeah bro you killed that mug man!
Great weekend everyone!
Medallion Press is creating something really cool for readers of The Jake Helman Files.
Why ? Because there's an app for that!
Are you stupid?!?!
This was such a subtle way of saying: send me good stuff to read about Battlestar Galactica.
Sundance!?? Praying and crossing fingers
I'm getting ready for the concert in Germany this summer!(:
In honor of Arts & Humanities Month, visit a historic home near you.
A 57 year old man said Ariana is sexy. No, just no. Stop right now, thats inappropriate now go back to your old folks home grandpa
me too lovie!!!! Wednesday date from now on?! :)
#BREAKING! Reports of a few cows tipping over and the only shed at the epicenter of the quake in Virginia straightening up a bit.
We have great rates on Landscaping Businesses. Call me 303-922-1001 or email me at
Gorgeous day at the Farmers Market! 9-noon :) Come get your yummy fresh local produce
Greg: Hey paul pierce nice talking to ya lol
what the hell???
I am literally about to fall asleep. Please just give me some drugs and get this over with.
Nice, simple #MCA tribute moment; well played
A beautiful chilly day in Central Fl. Everboy is going fishing - i'm just workin
either way lebron did step up clutch wise but I'll still give to wade any day
love you so much :)))) I no its really scary
Watching is THE highlight of my day.
i feel like following random people on this account:)
The MTV Awards Dissed ‘Breaking Dawn Part I’
Sexual violence on campuses is NOT going away, start a risk assessment on your campus to measure the danger.
Lol at the girls that go to my school still and got a happy mothers day card.
save em for me
Glee time!
I'm the definition of procrastination.
These ladies cracking me up!!!
Hey Boston
break a leg!
I'm quite informed thank you very much; I just have a different opinion than you. And I don't care what you consider me.
We loved having you there Jillian! Thank you so much for coming. Hopefully you enjoyed it! :)
Beirut quoting from bad NY Times review and showing the dismantling of the project afterward. Big typographical type can startle.
My neck is going to be sore tomorrow :c
So great meeting you! Looking forward to seeing the video as well. Stay tuned. :)
Home from competition. I "invested" in 7 teams... 4 I planned to and 3 that change my mind today. Didn't invest in 1 planned.
This crowd hates deputy superintendent Phil Stover even more! He's the guy who has to say which schools are recommended for closure
Maria Elena Durazo: LA labor's challenge is charting a course to shared prosperity or else a repeat of 1992
Thanks so much!! =)
Are you a cat whisperer.
Sure thing! :)
UR FUCKING SEXY! PLEASE FOLLOW ME! BIGGEST FANS FROM NEW YORK!!!!
Working tomorrow. All you #dayglow people come into the tilted kilt!!
#geraldorivera can suck my hoodie.
Ready by 21 National Meting in Nashville focusing on changing the odds for all youth
just did
Only if u know how I feel..
have a feeling to you back
SUMMER/FALL
TRAFFIC: Crash - Hwy 12 just north of the Badger Army Ammo plant
New Years Baking!!!!!!
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!{:
I'm going to count the number of times I wanna scream: "are you f*cking kidding me?!?" Any bets on the over-under?
i need your support for this fan page. THANK YOU.
Hope you've updated the Foursquare venue ;-)
What I think of first / when I read your poetry / is that you can't count.
Nice tribute to Whitney Houston, may she RIP
They do. But in all fairness to MLB, who wants to handle a warm cup of urine? Blech.
wow we have 215 followers right now.how convenient.make sure 2 cum vote 4 us in the finals @ the bbc on sat. nite may14th.winner plays sfest
Just started media center. Tony in now!
Centrally located,
Multiple studies have determined that changes to transfer laws haven't enhanced public safety
Follow My Younger Brother For GREAT Relationship Advice !!
All we are saying is give peace a chance, among other things. #Dec8 #99%
Apr 27, 2006 ... An industry group estimates illegal immigrants cost California hospitals $800 million a year.
" How you tell me I can't be a star when my Father made the Solar System" -- any body seen "Blessed & Cursed"?
Booked a COMMERCIAL for ZAPPOS!
I am recruiter with Third Screen Talent. I am currently looking for a contract RoR developer. Are you open to new gigs?
Hahaha omg! There is like only 5 couples on the dance floor dancing a slow song, and the cameraman is still fliming..the ballroom is empty..
Everyday I just keep Wong reminded of how blessed I am.
We serve If that sentence doesn’t fill you with happiness and warmth, then you’ve never had Stumptown Coffee.
Top Gear BBC is so much better than the US version. I'm totally hooked.
Atlanta here I come...
PRODUCING MUSIC & DIRECTING VIDEOS HMU IM NOT EXPENSIVE SOME NIGGAZ IS JUST CHEAP & I CHARGE FA VERSES
I kinda like this girl;) aha
omg thats my house.... not lmao maybe it is! ;)
Decibal fest at neumos: overwhelmingly male audience. Virtually no one dancing.
Happy birthday! Have fun!
gig carefully
ok no comment on that, luckily the cast has twitter so whatever they are doing i'm with them
They're a machine. Going to be a tough out for whoever gets them.
how 'bout El Paso and HD-75 do the "similar"?
encouraging to see universal in-classroom breakfast, @ 100% participation in Detroit schools as we launch #NoKidHungry #Michigan yesterday
you're following the wrong folks on instagram then.
yes. a cat of any age heeding a human falls into the "miracle" category.
Bills never stop nor don't the grind
fair enough. I see your Mikki Moore 18 footers and raise you running-the-offense-through-Jeremy-Tyler.
Not impressed with the new twitter layout. Looks too facebook-ey. Stupid.
Weekend in Westport...lots of writing to do for Nov/Dec issue. Nice to have a quiet wknd though, esp after the craziness of last week!
I love my Comfy sweater, i love my Comfy sweater. How cute are these boots? How cute are these boots?
I know me too!!!
Goal Tyler Seguin. Game 7 in Boston
we've never seen all draftees pre-rookie season play in the NBA.
We did. Sorry we didn't get to see you guys there, but we enjoyed your episode
One hour until family time and me with no violent scenes to write. Bad planning on my part. peaceful stuff. I'll regret this.
Tears - it is the liquid that pours out why some of the eye, when pressed into your soul
or: "Donald Trump acts like a douche...again"
He loved and loves you so much sweety!
"Our God is an awesome God."
Thanks for the follow
GRIND Bold is Blue Heeler.
Cleaning rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
she's on the Wendy show right now
i got a new phone people. drop me a direct message with your number in it. i wanna make sure i have the right number for you.
Good morning twitter!
Studies at Dupont and General Mills, which implemented comprehensive wellness education and programming, found 14% to 19% reductions in abs…
Washington liquor ballot measure passes tonight. When does the giant warehouse open in Vancouver?
Raoul Zerna-Love The Things You Do with a remix from Bryan Cox available on Beatport December 14th
GOAL: to stay offline the entire holiday weekend. What is your prediction for my success rate?
Kristen Wiig is lovely.
And I know my heart os longer mine <3 I love you Ikaret
I'm freaking Hot!!! (not body wise)
Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. Begin it now. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
I want to make #IfIWasPresident a trending topic
I will happily take all the cocktails
i got
Don't let the name fool you. We're the largest Hunter Douglas blinds/shades dealer in Central Ohio! Stop in to see why!
Aguliera moves LoL but I have to be somewhat seductive Ahahhaha can't believe I'm actually thinking bout this LoL.
Thanks for the note. I'm going to mention it to the Blogging & Social Media editor.
I just saw a couple get engaged randomly in front of the post office. A hip bike guy turned to me & asked if that just actually happened.
About to die of awesome old and rare book overload!! I LOVE this conference!
Sprint network...not my bestfriends these days .... Grr
I really should be doing my essay...
Thank you so much! What email address should I send the script to? With much gratitude, Matthew Ethan Davis
As I Lay Snacking
taught me to #NeverSayNever and to fight till forever <3
Just bought Nat and Alex's new Cd #Black Sheep
Absolutely great this evening. I did more work accomplished in the last 60 than all of last week combined
#ASTD2012 Be aware you may lose content on the astd app when using the note feature.
#imsofuckedup i think im writing hilarious facts
I have no friends, seriously
Fake people talk about other people being fake while real people worry about their own business and nobody else's."
Anyone wanna talk?????
At Ground Zero Blues Club in Clarksdale, MS! Loving it!
You killed it at Moombahton Massive! what was the last song you played? It went 'bass' right before I was swimming in sub?
I need Prometheus to be in theaters like right goddamn now. Enough with the waiting already!
aw im sorry hope you feel better! But its ok me too...ever since school started for me i stopped getting on
Lets get
On my way to avon
#lebronhairlinethemesong trending lmao. I've always like how Bron's headbands have moved progressively up his forehead as his hair recedes
me, dip fuck
Covert symptoms into a solution.
Headed to Pasadena for the #CincoDeMayo festival
miss u
:) Awh, thanks Chuck!! “: you are wonderful”
I drew you the cutest thing in the whole world.
Who is in Tampa this weekend? Come to our Community Conversations event so we can connect!
follow now. 4
You wish what . That you never met me ? Never loved me ? Never asked me out ? Well guess what . . .
off until monday, so excited!!
Teething is seriously the worst thing in the world. And it is probably not the worst it will be for Ada.
I'm doing well and I'm glad I helped in making your day. Enjoy the rest of it. =)
Get great rates on our Blink 182 concert limobus to see My Chemical Romance live at the Cricket Wireless Amphitheatre this Thursday.
Hi Fran - how can I get a green Sky cap? My blue one from 2010 TdF is out of date! Thanks!
no Please don't do it again
what kind of cheese is that and what is the black stuff?
Happy New Year everyone! Happy to share it with you....
I enjoyed it, although at times it didn't call to me and I put off picking it up.
I love yard sales! Just got 26 cacti, 6 other plants, and a plant stand for $45.
in the panel @ #bisnow DC Future of Mobility
Did you know that a ghost spirit is standing behind you? Turn around and look at that ghost spirit. Can you see it?
loll I guess. Question: guy or girl? Srry to be rudee
and the graphic nature...lots I had never heard about/considered lmao
GOT MY TICKETS IN THE MAIL TODAY!!! :D SUPER PUMPED.
The Marx Bros. Duck Soup is lol hilarious! So many great jokes! Anyone know why it's called that? Is it the scene when they all look alike?
Hurry up! Beers getting warm!
Donald Trump must be desperate to contact the newsrooms to claim responsibility for the death of Osama. Sorry Mr. Trump, your direct line...
Wow... Just wow #RecallWalker very impressed by the citizens of Wisconsin.
what apple should do with its cash pile sparking type of hopeful speculation usually reserved for its products, which usually underwhelm
Got an id and registered for classes. Guess i'm in grad school now.
what's up stranger
Reminder: we offer low fat, no sugar added and no sugar flavor options. It's important to treat yourself right.
Making myself some homemade chicken broth soup...
Haters make you stronger bruh
Stressed is desserts spelled backwards.
The three great fundamentals to achieve anything worth while are, 1st, hard work; 2nd, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
the fact that i just choked this bitch ;)
heading to zingers w/my luv & friendz!!! ;) party mode: ON!!!
OMGOMGOMG bro, I was out shopping with my mom tuesday when I looked at the clock it was 8. I missed dance. I do think we get..
Huntsman needs serious consideration as the only GOP candidate with substance, experience and leadership. A good showing in NH a must.
I need more caffeine
": #deletemynumberif you text me twenty times and I still don't reply. Because I promise I've already deleted yours."
Hes EVERYBODYS baby daddy, just mystically
Seriously, pants are optional.
FINDING OUT WHO I AM
When you don't know it was someones birthday because they didn't have balloons attached to their backpack..
RT : Don't be ashamed! Everyone hates their CMS. <-- Ha!
true, trying to interpret Spanish can be easier at times
Check your twitter messages.
will there be a hospitality area for individuals with floor seating this year
I've been watching everything
Sold out! Bought tickets on Fandango. Now it's a race against time to get to White Marsh by midnight.
Note to me and stef: always try on bandeaus before purchasing.
62 pages into the 3-Day novel contest. I won't finish obviously but I feel better about this work than any other so far.
Ch - Ch- Bow! Now you niggas heard about the youngin.
seeing ed sheeran today, hung out with the guy i like yesterday and we're hanging out again on wednesday, leaving thursday for california...
Currently surrounded by Giants fans at my Uncle's. Guess I'll go along with them and root for the G-Men,lesser of two evils.
okay its time for another taco lbs
ain't this the truth!
can you quote a price on oil/transmission oil change? 01 Dodge Ram 1500 V8 4x4.
laying down , listening to music , wyd ?
A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts. – Richard Branson
You guys have skills and swag loving you dance moves!!!
u hoopin today
everyone fighting about Selena and Justin breaking up. Yah they didn't break up he didn't cheat on her Stfu and #FOCUS ON
you get my voicemail? Lmao
He Better Than Based Fag
Leaving the phone at home. Learned my lesson with twitter and with drunk texts.
There was an earthquake in the region of Spain where I taught English last year.
“ "You have to dream before your dreams can come true." -Abdul Kalam”
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my inspiration
Whats poppin. Lets get to these M'$!
Can you please follow me? (: thanks
Who are you and what have you done with the G Hursh I know?
RE: Snowfall - Have faith! ;-)
mark my word..Laker vs heat in the NBA finals...
Hey Natalie, we're based in Denver, looking forward to seeing your tweets. Follow our Denver account
You think you real cute huh? ... Looking like Raspatia! Ha
Thanks for including us! :)
it's a lot easier to catch a story when you're ahead of it. Brooks Thomas, Southwest Airlines
hey! I actually have an apartment off campus next year. Did you pick yet?
Watching Good Burger
LOVE this!!!
Our "holiday show" will be a blast from our past The salvation of Iggy Scrooge first produced by the Unicorn in 1997.
Dis Napoleon Dynamite Show Need 2 Come On..
i need to talk abby! NOT HAVE SEX ! lmao seriously though . i miss you.
Just for you Fiber makes me sad
i love to have something in common with a boy its a great feeling
He's tweeting now isn't he
I have plans of buying a new macbook
that's what I'm talking about!!! #TeamBringIt is the Best...Listen!!! (Dj Khaled voice) lol
My mom ruined our surprise -_-
ready for my b-day gotta get fucked up
I bet.
Oh we will, never you worry about that.
Thanks for following;-)
RT : i do believe i have found some fellow crazies! //Oh yeah!!
#hth2012 I think that's fair. But also issues about who's crowd you develop. Using Flickr's crowd may benefit Flickr more than you
No service at tomorrow. We'll be back in Hayes Valley soon at a new spot, corner of Octavia/Fell.
Dang this ain't even me. how could I let you take my joy from me
I dont feel like workng. Oh well, at least im not in misses.
Don't like the circumstances but can't wait to see my brother!!! These flights are killin me
Careful with blow dryer. I wouldn't. Heat is enemy of electronics!!
Happy new years eve! We love you !!
#manning to #Broncos and #Flynn to #Seahawks / I'm worse at predicting #NFL free agency than
On the way to hear #ofmontreal and #deerhoof at the wiltern. Unbelievably stoked to for both. Hoping to hear some "Friend Opportunity!"
Ok back to my workout
LAWREN!!! I am good what is going on with you. I may need to talk to you pending a certain conversation
Drinks and dancing with and friends!
'Cause I'm just one of those ghosts Travelin' endlessly Don't need no roads In fact, they follow me And we just go in circles
Many are wondering what's going on w/ VerseCity. Don't fret. Details are coming soon. But if you love us just be patient & trust us!
I saw it, laughed at first. Then went into hiding for a week only to be found curled up in my closet, crying into my 18tly clothes
Hey! You should come chat fashion on the air with me at KissFM here in CHI! Send me a DM to connect!
Wow totally got screwed out of three well deserved checks from Kelvin at Playhouse. LOL!!! What a joke. Good riddens lol.
Lil Wayne fell off
sometimes we take a lot for granted. Look at the unfortunate and be greatful for what all u have. (:
Sure, but usually it's sour grapes.
snap... I need to hear these bad boys
Like Americans who make over $200k can't afford it...
I guess i should throw away my six month chip, lol. I'm an addict, as so many of you know.
Moving fast to market is essential. Why get caught up in months of negotiations over equity? -
Trying out #Jing as an alternative to #Skitch on Windows.
Can't wait to watch #TheRaven. I love me some Poe.
Dog chases deer away from fence, thinks he too is wild animal.
don't make plans, c'mon with me we'll stay up all night long c;
true, which is why we picked up some who won't be punished
Glory in his holy name; let the hearts of those who seek the LORD rejoice. 1 Chronicles 16:10
watchin jersey shore watchin the lakers and talkin to someone special right now
"Perhaps you can ask of your Major a sensible course of action," Pickens said. "If not, blood may be shed ere you depart."
Near 80 degrees in Lynchburg today. Great day to visit Randolph--or just come by and walk around campus.
I'll never let you go. Ever.
Woahh its all good, #calm our state has two really good ass bball teams lol
Assembly for juniors and seniors 3 to 4th bell dress warm
Thanks for the retweets!
Every time I see the EDC line up, I get hella fuckin excited lol. 3 days/nights of craziness in Vegas...I can't wait!!!
you are great
Aston Martin Convertible, what a CAR!!
Because he is obviously LAME!!!
Something about your kiss.. Its gonna lead to something more
#saysomethingniceaboutobama the fact that our unemployment rate is at an all time high? fuck this dude! wat happened to all those jobs?!?
Discrepancy between what librarian thinks user wants and what the user actually wants.
Ahh, have some of the spicy guac for us!!
Arise then...women of this day!/Arise, all women who have hearts! Whether your baptism be of water or of tears! +
Raining just before sunrise and beautiful. #U2, "Where the Streets Have No Name." I'm running all of
Lord Jesus I Love You Very Very Very Much...! ((Rom. 8:28) [Rom. 10:12b "...and rich to all who call upon Him..."]
I might have some really exciting news soon, but still working on making it work now :D
Crazy Ass how many people did u kill doin that!!! Try doin that in #texas & see what happens to ur ass lol :)
#Austin nominate a low income family for a free portrait session. Join on.fb.me/kus0IF
Just took a break from moving to save the life of a woman trapped on her balcony. Killing it.
Early 7s practice then back to the library. First exam tomorrow morning. This whole no sleep thing is starting to take its toll.
Hi Dan, you heavily influence me! So far, it looks like I will not be in Boston, but will be closely following #e2conf remotely
it say it in my mags I'll bring one in tomorrow so u can have the address u can also send letters to other stars to
'Top talent' leave an organization when they’re badly managed and the organization is confusing and uninspiring
Showed up to b town and an indian kid cant stand up straight
Come See our hot counter bitches & and get a tattoo!!!
I'll be there with my cowboy boots & my cowboy :)
Way to be!
Canobliss performing live & in the house right now!
Yes, you read that correctly. He really enjoyed the show. :-)
Let's go Hawks!
Miss our femi-white-w/hine!! RT : as a young woman once sang, "I'm missin' you like candy" #FF great ladies I miss:
hi everyone
Simply awesome light-up noisemakers! Hand-cranked, spinning tin dancers, electric arcs, whistle-calliope.
DONT WAKE ME UP FOR NOTHING
Derek Rose. Believe the hype. Wow.
#DontArgueJustAcceptIt when you know I'm right and you're wrong.
I think $8 & sum for a card is too much. Lol. Bought it neways.
Happy Birthday Peace And Blessings.
400 line long SQL function? Yes. I've got that.
Last day of play. Best to James's Red Devils, 's Blues, and my Spurs. Friends at the Lane, cheer & send me pics x
A good question. Just a lot of retweets of a random tweet. RT : So where is this Washington Post report??
m boobs
YEES, I got 2 big ass ones in muh room.
Discover me.... Discovering you! Swim in a deep sea of blankets !
#Fitness #Exercise #Motivation of the Day. I didn't lose weight! I need to go lose some! What gets your butt off the couch?
Our oldest had his first Tball practice today and Dad coached.
did something active 4x this week. this never happens.
The Knicks are playing with the big boys now, the Heat are putting them in their place
OMJ follow you that's awesome *.* that's lucky :)
watch out for quick hitting heavy squall about 5:30 or so!
Thanks to everyone who made it out last night to celebrate Cinco de Mayo Vizcayne Style!
Meng Acupuncture clinic provides the highest quality of treatments services including Acupuncture, Cupping, Chinese herbal medicine.
woah!!! cant believe where this weekend has gone already. how is tomorrow sunday?
Anti-Graffiti Blitz from July 3rd-31st. If you have graffiti in your neighborhood you would like to have removed, please call 311.
national management wants the station "focused and consistent musically", so axed Sat.music show and other specialty shows.
I would happily contribute $20 to that costume.
new focus: running four miles a day with "eye of the tiger" on repeat on my iPod
um.. how are we not fb friends?! just went to write on your wall. you made my day!! see you in a few! xo
Absolutely my pleasure!! 🌸
today is a writing day...so why am tweeting and not writing?
sleepy sleepy head
So tired
Take note: Christian Coalition to WV Voters: : No votes on ObamaCare repeal yestrdy will prob defeat Dem Sens.Manchin, ...”
Patriots over the giants GO PATS
Chinese for the day: 腿 [tuǐ] leg
Why didn't you take me..
Gretchen: Add me on Google +? Regina: Gretchen stop trying to make Google + happen!
so im trying to tweet something and I keep forgetting how to spell your damn twitter name hahaha
My fiancé says I can walk down the aisle to the "last of the Mohicans" theme if I want to.
I'd rather wait the 10 minutes for a bus than take this Muni full of kids. Can't do it.
awww.... So wanna see you! Hoping after ;)
Going down on a grandma is like eating a pork pie....You have to eat through the crust and lick up the jelly before You get to the meat.
the moon is great tonite, go take a look !!
haha okay! Scott: that's wasn't a 400! Haha yeah, yeah it was(:
Your the only thing that makes sense in my life 💏😍💘
Lovin the new options I tasted at Taylor St. today, is Milwaukee ready for the "Angry Louie"!?!
#film #theorievanhetkonijn with #Akwasi_Frimpong on Dutch TV, #RTV_Noord_Holland RIGHT NOW. Check ik out.
Wanna come clean my room?! I'll feed you!! I have Jelly Beans and Mountain Dew :D
Work every day as if God is your supervisor. His evaluation will matter. Serve His people and share His word.
Everyone follow and
LOL! Ive had water, oil, bubble blowing, popcorn & mint arranging boys, Santas & Grinches--always work to be done! ;)
Physics - World of Tanks official forum
you look ready :)
U A BAD BITCH!!! I FUCK WITCHA EVERY DAY ALL DAY... STAY GRINDIN BABY!
Yah they don't always like it when I call their country "Canuckistan" either.
In this world a man must either be an anvil or hammer
you should go! Marquette is charming. Not Zac Efron charming but close
it's cold! Lol never thought I'd say that in the Philippines
ever thought of selling through gobuyrochester?
Yes! RT : Dear People: "your" = belongs to you. "you're" = you are. "loose" = not tight. "lose" = opposite of win.
How dare you say all religions can be true... (sarcasm intended)...get over it people
very excited about the #outsidelands lineup this year. from neil to bomba estereo, it's going to be fun three days in the park.
What's the word? Where are you headed?
how could you say such a thing?!
Plugging the final date in July but letting members know priority to submissions received by this Friday, May 4, 2012
Glad to share #TRMA585 students' finals on social media sites this morn-back to my #librarian role-heading to work office now :)
Sometimes I put my hands on the floor, tuck my head into my chest, and lean forward.... You know..... Cuz that's how I roll
US GOLD PEOPLE ARE GONNA GET SPIRIT POINTS CAUSE' THATS HOW WE ARE .
Made my #worldcup breakfast getting ready for Mexico's win!
Last night's 2-1 L to the Braves was the #SFGiants 8th loss by that score - wow, do they ever miss #BusterPosey!
Its hot as ballz.
Forecast highs looking closer to 53-55 for #mke today. Little warmer west and north of Waukesha in the upper 50s as they get westerly winds.
have a great day
Anytime! Give me a call - Would love to meet Miss Holli
Oh yeah....now if we could just figure out how to turn that switch off when its appropriate to...lol
THX! See you & TeamDrama Sunday 12-6PM for #free #boloco burrito. I will say THX w/ donation to
what is the purpose of humanity on earth?...
We use all unclaimed certificates to wallpaper the Sun's paywall. No, we'll find a way to get 'em to the winners.
Rocking Writers to follow -- #FridayFollow AND ALSO
This time Teresa tweeted capricious and unreasonable
thank you! :)
are you still watching #GossipGirls?
game day...senior night! ....good group of young men ....congratulations!
#DidYouKnow that our reference librarians don't only answer book questions? They're your research bff's!
Damn Snow Leopard's not available until september, get me all excited and crush my dreams.
hell, invite yourselves. I know the 'invite' is special, but how well your arrival is received >>>
Just watched on Ellen. God I love her.
Will be there WE GOTTA GET OVAH the 4th quarter boogeyman
#irallstars External needs better driver than internal/library need.
TGIF! If you had a live receptionist from Davinci Virtual Offices you could take off early today and not miss calls! $99/mo month to month
Am I like disturbinly obsses with people's checks ? Just asking.
It might not have been like that your whole life lol, but it could have something to do with your duck face photos
It's not live streaming. But cow head cams! That's impressive. When am I getting my oreo balls?
comadre is on tour with Broadway Calls?
listening to the radio on my phone, which i only found out about today.
Today is the day! The winner of #SpaceRace will be announced later this morning by the one and only Buzz Aldrin!
Bumper stickers are so pointless
If you've ever wondered: What is wrong with this guy? Today won't help--First thought today: SOUP OR SUNDAE?
tlkin to my wife on oovoo
Looking forward to seeing ASkars in :)
One of my fav local authors: Saturday • September 11 • 11am Amazing Minds by Jan Faull Reading & Book Signing UBookstore, Mill Creek
Going to Sam's Club looking like a bunch of bums. #blacksweatsandpacsunshirts :)
While rocking my 14 month old to sleep tonight, he looked up at me and said..."happy day". And it was.
you may have a nice one there I have seen complete calendars with the pad go for over 10K in this condition it will be less
According , Social Distortion () has postponed their Reno stop. A band member has an illness. They'll be back May 18-19.
Life just goes on, you know
NYE in Q! tnite lift:off sessions w/ neel, aurelian b, nimesh, drew l..people were getting down at the kickshaw queens!
thank you so much!!
I know what you mean. The stage you are in now is so hard
Lot of ppl skipping PT
I assume you're not watching
Now, class is cancelled for the rest of the day ! Even better (:
has Louisville on LOCK at the Palace!!
Nothing like starting the day with some hotel lobby Fox&Friends... How can people consider this biased dreck a valid source of information??
I'm happy as hell this my last year
girl tomorrow subscriptions are going on sale. get one!!
Ok it's done with. So u can stfu and stop living in the past...
How far of a setback will it be if the Broncos select a corner with the #2 pick?
I'm pretty sure girls make me gassy.
Welcome to Twitter! Looking forward to your wilderness medicine courses in January???
This puck is going way to fast for my eyes. I'm not use to this.
Hey congrats! biz looks great
it got cancelled bc of the weather A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
M SHRIMP
okay. And I don't care.
got #CrewJuice everywhere with my
Lol that's what's up, when u coming up to the A RT : already am lol I got on his music last semester
Thanks to and for everything. #NAB was awesome. w/
The words that come out of our mouths EVERYtime we drive...
Thank god for my room mate...and for water.
Problem w sitting at a middle school choral concert after watching for 2 days is I keep reaching for the X buzzer
Yes, volunteers are amazing!
welcome!! I want a pink one!!
It's a bot, and it's just weird. People like weird. (I don't. But I hear "people" do).
I answered why I was fired on Monday now is making up lies
LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL FOR ME AND I PRAY THAT LIFE IS BEUTIFUL FOR YALL!!!! GOD BLESS!!!!!!!!!!!!
i remember when we were inseperable. i miss so many people. come back into my life please. :(
Are you in need of food for volunteers? We would be happy to bring by some pizzas.
yeah what's going on?
my brother's girlfriend being over <<<<
and also just wanted to say praying yall have a safe and great rest of the tour!god bless man!cyall at cstone!
LOL, I don't even know what to guess for that.
I'm thankful for books, sweet potatoes, mustard greens, The Partner, friends & family. Also for puppies, though I as yet have none.
Hope to see you TONIGHT at the knitting factory in BK, 8pm! Performing new songs :)
RT : "Long beach poly sends more football players to the NFL than any other high school".
On my way home weekend was amazing-great to have met
This team lacks leadership including the manager
I had a dream I was at a restaurant like Medieval Times except you watched the Hunger Games. It was not as fun
RT thankk you, I knoww/:<3 ! I didnt see you in the morning! But Happy Birthday! :)
incomplete & all alone are the most amazing things I heard in my life,I'm so proud of you guys,Love yous XOXOXO.
Unspoken customer service training: Avoiding eye contact with customers you don't want to or can't help at the moment.
did you FLY to Toronto? Did you have a good time at TCAF??
RT : Tough. Casper Ware got to the spots he wanted all game long. They were tough, but were possible. Just weren't falling.
Oh, it's great, and then watching the 2nd one is awesome, too. They're coming out with a third.
Help me beat DJ Savy in our race to a 1000 followers! Follow me on Twitter RT RT RT
I may b drinking my weight in scotch if we play as Shitty in the second. Why?????? We r so much better!!!
Ugh. I have to hear about Kentucky for another week...
Residents in St Boni are watching this morning as a fire destroys historic bar
SHE ONE SEXY MAMA>>>>
Happy Tuesday ! It's looking really nice out today
An utterly disgraceful scandal that might be the final black mark on the Wine Advocate's recent ethical quandries.
All this drama is a load of crap. When are you going to be on TV again?
[finger in a circular motion]
Thank you for the RT's !
