I cant wait for the fight
What happens after this inning if Snyder gets hurt? Diaz is #3, right?
Omg i love u soo much. i remember meeting u (scream tour). u gave me the first hug and sang to me. made me smile ALL night :)
I mean Blue Sky of course, not Blur Sky
Lol.i need another follower so I can get to 100
Contemptuous, dishonest & who-knows-what-else ERIC HOLDER wants to sue SHERIFF JOE ARPAIO ??? GVMAFBRK.
Chet Haze will be performing with LMFAO at Central Michigan University on October! There is an expected attendance of over 10,000!
Safehouse for the novelty. Romans Pub or Burnhearts.
Current cruise sales: Comp. spa treatment + On Board Credit on select Royal Caribbean sailings; upgrades + OBC on Norwegian.
Story of my life!
I know dude I miss you a ton!!! 😔 bet your having fun back home tho:)
Counting the minutes until I get to eat some turtle cheesecake at The Cheesecake Factory tonight. #ilovefood #especiallycheesecake 😁😷
WMYB is number 1 on the top five songs of the day
but we play a small part in the relationship tho
Get out of AP test as soon as it starts pouring.
awww(': yeah I met them 2 months ago for 2 hours<3 I had SO much to tell them, but when I met them I forgot it all :'c
miss you
Thanks for the #FF!
Just dealt out a royal flush! What are those odds?
Eyenga, I feel your pain
I'm pretty indifferent on it. Seem to over-think things via slow, email drafts. Prefer in person for enjoyment; live/online 2nd.
i like that!
The power of a smartphone!! Lol
Happy Birthday to one of my most favorite people in the entire world - I love you! <3
I had sushi and soup
Damn it, damn it, damn it.
There goes the neighborhood! ;)
Going to go see the avengers.. can't wait..
#Bucks lost tonight to the #Pacers. So now they are down 2 & half games from making the #NBA playoffs with six left.
I wonder where Earl Simmons would be if while growing up he had the kind of emotional support + attention as Earl Sweatshirt
I have no clue what his deal is.maybe he's on something.
This weekend fucking sucked, but it ended great:) i love my best friends Ryli and Kayla:)
I find myself stuck in the middle of Texas' largest bike rally. I'll hunker down in the coffee shop until I can cross the street.
“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” Henry Ford
"Remember your importance on those days that seem overwhelming & fruitless. Thank you for all your help, your direction...for being there."
RT : Asking "Does using a wiki improve learning?" is like asking "Does using a pencil improve writing?"
Christmas is the Disneyfication of Christianity ~ Don Cupitt
"PATIENCE PAYS. There will even be days when you get a bonus & a raise." ...Keep a gentle tongue & a kind heart while waiting for payday! ;)
Guy at wienersnitchzel called me "little guy" . I'm thirteen fuck face
thanks for ruining it
Tonight is college night at Mo's Irish Pub! Head downtown for great deals and DJ entertainment!
Let's keep this up!
When you get ejected this late in the game and youre a bench player and you down by 30+..you supposed to suck it up...what did Ebanks prove
Geithner said today that "catastrophic risk must be taken off the table", but didn't offer to resign.
I hope the mother of my children doesn't end up being crazy smh
blame the brain
"Try not to become a person of success, but rather a person of value" -Albert Einstein
funny thing too.. I have to watch it when it's still light out and I'm not going to bed for awhile. Gives me nightmares lol
Burke with BurrelsLuce: Set SMART objectives: Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Realistic, Timely.
hey so you're sorta kinda really super amazing (:
amazing. Some stuff kind of didn't make sense, but that's a cirque show.
Tsst idk...im pretty cool mann
that is a fine question!
LOL oh be quiet.
RT : OK SD- See u Tonight At Bareback Grill #TweetdriveSD Bring a toy to donate and get happy hour all night! #givebig 6-10
I may have to reschedule. I'm heading to Milwaukee that day. Hoping I can do the chat before. I will let you know when I know
This ain't love i think this lust, but i ain trippin on it LET'S FUCK !
I love you so much Dylan. <3
Baby Girl twist away, when your talking to me I cant breathe (:
. speaking up for
Love you on QVC last night!
I didn't even notice you had a new Twitter picture. Cutie!
lmao if u was a stalker I'll let y kno
sup guys im not a big fan of because of his music but i think its great that him and ja have the same friends now
Hungry? Eat at Joe's! Mobile truck downtown today! Beautiful day, beautiful (meat) balls.
thanks we are just trying to have some sort of raffle for the this young man to help
The average cat sleeps about 2/3 of the day
Yess I love it when the cops show up to my party uninvited.
Sow your wild oats on Saturday night; then on Sunday, pray for crop failure.
I got a kindle fire for Christmas
WORD! RT Listen, - U need to get 1 thing straight. =same team. No competition.
Thanks for the RT, Karen!
hey friend hope all is well with you!! Miss your tweets!!
RT "Diana Ross was phenomenal" Thanks for being here at the Louisville Palace tonight, Leigh! Awesome show!
I won't miss all the games he should have won but didn't! Life isn't "all about the money" as he was quoted
For all the less-than-positive things I've heard about Amazon lately, I just had the BEST customer service experience with them! Yay!
Thanks for your support, I love ya <3
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :)))
Interior/exterior painting specialists call today for a free estimate.Why move when you can update the home you're in now?"We Love to Paint"
oh ok I thought u were
": "We never know the worth of water till the well is dry." -- English proverb" Let's see: gold standard, oil standard, WATER...
U GONE LEARN TODAY
It advances to a legitimate national championship game against the East or West regional champion. :-)
Hi Friends! Thank you to recent followers! So glad to connect with you on this Twitter-Rollercoaster :) Enjoy the Ride!! :D
like I haven't already
I'm telling all my writing friends to invest in Scrivener for Mac. The name generator alone is worth it :-)
....you beg to much... And it's fun making you suffer 😜
I'm so glad the snow wasn't bad today. A little extra sleep never hurts though. ;-)
Woops. Our email is . Shoot us a story about your fav trip to the stadium
Didn't wake up with breakfast in front of me.....how upsetting.....
I completely agree!!
Got casted! Excited for a new challenge and to push myself.
": Everytime I'm happy I get scared because it never lasts...."
In my opinion we are the best fanbase :) my idea is #ICONiaczarethebest lets get it to trend!
A standoff in St Paul where police are negotiating with a man in a car at Minnehaha and Desoto on the East side
I'm with ya! Just watched his hgtv'd, too! Nice design!!!
RT : Just heard Wilma Mankiller has passed away. An amazing women occupied Alcatraz in 1969; later chief of the Cherokee
texting a guy on the phone <3 he is pretty cute actually :)
• Whew voice of reason! Have 2 remind myself 2take a few deep breaths... I think it's cuz' it's the Cardinals.
Crawford redeems himself
Mahalo!! RT : if I could take it anywhere I would take it to and sleep on the beach!
Heading to Washington DC to get training for the new Drug Free Communities Initiative that we have planned for Milwaukee!
lol...it's the truth. Her nose didn't get big and she only gained weight in her belly. Some women aren't so lucky.
of course I do!;) laying on the floor... Wish u could too!;)
Man this shit is not funny
- wow, John, you over-deliver? Tell me more, as I am a very curious person.
Oh damn I thought I was going to miss the bus today, but I made it ☺
I cut off INCHES of my hair, and its still long af. Aye!
GM I like this one.... Had to RT my Capricorn Bro :)
welcome dude
you all are distracting Danny in Bio
welcome to Milwaukee!
Oh, I haven't cashed out yet.
*points to nearest drive-thru* lol RT I need 6 sliders and 6 things of chicken rings a large grape and a med fry
I'm starting to get a headache I'm ready to go home.
Drizzle & mist being reported near the coast. Mist being produced by the fog & low clouds. These murky skies should be gone by late AM.
Well get on up here and let's get to work then! (I was thinking we might get coffee and sketch robots.)
Intense game and a little respect for the Cats in the Pac 10. They looked great on national tv.
Hey Man...love your jazz blog...but checkout the comment I left on your article regarding Shearing media saturation...'NufSed.
Is there anything proven to help women NOT get PE and HELLP? LD Aspirin, vitamins, etc?
Following you! Already was. Are you at least watching the game?
It's a good one! Happy Mothers Day
Sorry co-workers...Subway with xtra onions for lunch. In other words, don't talk to me!
i really want to welcome all my new members and tell you all older member too thank you very much!
Can't stop, won't stop
LOL guess you told them Mario!
Hey, Amanda! Welcome to the 'hood.
would RT a billion freaking girls .. & not me -_____-
Who am I missing?
We have silos for information, and we are building research networks, we can help with planning, and rights advisors
is everything ok? Do you need me to call your mom? haha
Did he give any deets about the next album coming out?
Old! But me too. Os in an hour.
hey chica! Im doing really well. Paulina turns 4 on monday! Crazy huh? How are you, Eric and the boys? :-)
Rough loss Saturday night. Getting ready for the last two games of the season vs. Dayton. We are at the Ice Center Saturday for senior night
And now for a lunch & battery-charging break with #genealogy buddy Pat, who's here at #GenieFair2012 from California.
Check out the "events" tab on our facebook page for more details on the Left Coast Live music festival and make sure to click "attending!"
Just got home from my school choir concert :) I think we did pretty well. 
": #IfYouThinkAboutIt, nothing hurts more than seeing someone you love throwing their life away."
Tiny link to free trial below price list converts much better than large offer for Free Trial above all else.
The Lord gives me #power and #strength In Him I am trusting my all
But of course!
Greektown videos coming out this week
AHEM. RT Your hyphens were valid and clear
Leave by 9.30am drive back to work to be on time by 12.30pm, doable, right? I believe its worth it!
anyone bored u can tweet meeh:)❤❤❤
Seski wake up. Where is Seski? In Oregon. Where in Oregon? Seski want good suggestion from Tweet and FB friends
“: It's my circa 1995 Melrose Place with fangs...” exactly
Swag swag swag on you.
Regis avenged their pool play loss to Cherry Creek in a classic cross-town rivalry! Centennial League claims 2/3 championships!
The Features over 3,000 leading canines from a variety of breeds!
If that was datsyuk it would've been a great defensive attempt.
Due to the construction on Willy St, there will be no access to the Umami parking lot for lunch service only today. Dinner is not affected.
owow so u a rapper now
Congratulations to pioneer on receiving the Lifetime Achievement Award from Nat'l Assoc. of Black Journalists (NABJ).
I love my brown skin.
Success is a state of mind. Anything you want you can have! Just dream, believe you deserve it and work your butt off to get them.
had some technical difficulties but they are up and rocking!
this should categorized as crimes against humanity. We've been violated! SECURITY!!!
"ONLY ON WEDNESDAYS" THAT IS FROM SPONGEBOB
The hardest thing in life is to know which bridges to cross and which to burn...
oh just seeing if u was str8 u seemed upset
austin's curly hair is so sexy.
And then regret takes over
Thanks for the re-tweet!
It doesn't matter what you think. It was my birthday, I had a wonderful night. That's all that matters.
eav maxed have a geat day
Feeling like a JERK now...Fedex delivered the package to wrong addy & a neighbor just brought it over.
Workers hold May Day rally at Vanderbilt for dining workers
loves everyone out there who is making a difference in our lives. the band cannot thank YOU enough.
| Happy Friday! Let's get that demo scheduled soon!
Those forgiven much will love much (Lk 7:47) and those who love much will sin less. The secret to sinning less is receiving forgiveness more
I need a Project Manager with RDBMS for a contract in Deerfield IL.
you you you:)
If you live in #Baltimore, is the only place to be tonight. A Great staff, menu and beer selection is guaranteed.
annual publication featuring employee questions about HR issues answered candidly by Corp Sr VP Vic Buzachero
Couple of warning track fly balls, but just a 9-pitch inning for Cueto.
Maybe they smell because of the library. Maybe you smell the same but you can't tell. Or maybe it was you all along...
i love pandora radio!
Hey , go get it! RT Looks like the Harper HR ball is still sitting out there in the grass batter's eye.
Thanks, Kirk! I actually did a Bronze Anvil dance when I got the news :--)
LSD Roger is so much better than fever Don.
Spending the morning at the San Ysidro Community Service Center talking to constituents about what's going on in San Ysidro.
Brett Favre is a legendary no BS kind of guy and a Hall of Famer!
Ha ha. Very true. It runs in the family.
I think I'm more bored than anything. I don't feel like playing WoW and no one is on Facebook, Twitter is slow, etc.
“: Which player will steal the most bases this season? #MLBFC” Prince Fielder. 
The state of Kansas hates VCU.
Looking for fresh new articles for TriSoc. email me if you write and want to get your stuff out there:
idk if im ever gonna be able to look at larry stylinson or niam the same way again tho...
oh ok she probably out there already, She just left here. Wat time u coming out?
Don't rush in too quickly, don't over commit, lest you find yourself with more responsibility than you originally intended.
thanks so much for the #FF's and RT#FF's!! :)
My roommate just told me his veins hurt
QoTD: "Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the men of old; seek what they sought." (Basho)
So I don't own a suitable piece of red clothing. I'm a disgrace to Chinese New Year (＞人＜;)
I love you too :-*
How did your senior project go?
Seeking film crew. Message me if you know anyone
Its early & hopefully all the moms are getting their well deserved beauty rest Thanks Moms for all you do, like raising boys to play soccer
Im upset that "the game" only has 2 more episodes...
some may have considered it a good place (i know how you felt, though...)
And don't ever forget it(;
Just watched a girl spill beer on her Manolos & then throw them in the trash
Our singer will be better this weekend which means if all goes well NEW SONGS NEXT WEEK YUHHHH!
She's built like a steakhouse...but she handles like a bistro
I need an outlet!!
no mommy for me! :[
Hugs back to you! Whenever I hear Dancing Queen from now on, I'll be picturing you and as who ABBA had in mind.
My brother in law has been after that privilege for a long time. Doesn't fly with security.
RT Man the hair dryer is exceptionally hot today...I feel like I laid my head in the devils #Crotch!!lap lmao
Please shower me with good thoughts on child care near Vandy
Happy Birthday Mitchell Davis (:
I didn't do anything to advance the human race today. But I did draw an octopus with one hell of a regal handlebar mustache.
Any chance of getting these clip links for later?
: oh okay. It said "forbidden" before & I was like what?:O
Let's slip on out where it's a little bit darker, and when it gets a little bit hotter, we'll take it off on out in the water 🎶
I'm soon to win an oscar ;)
It's so weird to me that today is Friday. Definitely feels like Saturday.
Very very frightening! Galileo, Galileo, " " Galileo - Figaro, Magnificooooooooooooooooo
Wish people would stop hating on He's a freakin beast!
East Coast Braces for #hurricane Irene
yeah lol I'm taking chinese in school :-)
hey hey hey
- Whee! See you there!
girl I don't know...I don't ask any questions!
Wow, good luck with that. That's like an antique in computer years!
Right! RT : Constant name dropping, that's that shit I don't like. (Iknowallthepeopleyouknow)
In 2010, Seau survived a 30-ft plunge in his SUV off a cliff. Hours earlier, he had been arrested on suspicion of assaulting his girlfriend.
i've got a surprise up my sleeve for my idol for 5/26... if only i knew what size hoodie/t-shirt he wears =/
Shooting tomorrow for the next two weeks. We'll keep you posted on Twitter and as much as we can on our production blog. WOO HOO!
Ramy - You did a great job today with your Grand Opening! Congrats! RT : WHAT A DAY!! Amazing is the word to describe it ..
C: you're welcome ;)
left her granny panties at my house lmao 
Ayy its birthday! Happy Birthday!
....there's ALWAYS a way to TURN a CHALLENGE into a SUCCESS!!! ;-)
Moroney: local TV stations will never charge when repurposing their content on the web, so local news orgs have to make case for $
We are open all day today, get your NECTAR today as we'll be closed for Turkey Day. Cheers to everyone and THANKS for everything!!!!!
Hey, Lesa! Really glad that you enjoyed Thunderland. I think my books have gotten a lot better since then, too. :-)
Looking for great games, toys and other goodies for children visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
. and are just around the corner. We will be at booth 5201 at #JavaOne and 640 at
ive been pushing people away
God damnit Duke...
I is bored :/
National High Five Day!!
"If you want to fly, you have to give up the things that weigh you down."
God has a plan for my life and that's all I need to know.
haha that was a blast I literally just finished cleaning! I'm going to take a shower than post the pictures!
"JC Penney Ads with Ellen Degeneres were best thing about #Oscars." via | Could she possibly make Penney's hip??
Is this a nightmare or is it real? Did Jeff Suppan really just shut out the #Brewers for 5 innings?
Let it be, let it be Let it be, let it be Whisper words of wisdom, let it be
like your pics by the way
I'm cold?
Gonna Kill that bitch tommoro ....
not sure. i picked wednesday so i can break up my week. if it happens it happens.
Congratulations to Tony S on 14 years of service with #kforce!
Just cause season is over, doesn't mean I get to slack off and not work out 💪
It was just that stupid puppet from Victorious interviewing the cast and promoting victorious, apple juice, and salsa the whole time.
hey vin have fun at HHI wish I can go but my sis got late notice so goin nxt year...can u n the Boyz go nxt year lol love ya!
It's here! Holy cow! The first NYC is here! Happy Earth Day weekend, world!
SNICkERS. I eat them, even while I'm going places..
yeah but should have caught myself. No biggie thanks
excellent show right now!
how would u picture yourself with in that same situation?
the best whitney elegy is from
bahaha I rather enjoyed it
love you too pretty lady.
keep it PG (; guess I can teach you some filipino stuff to say at the end or something...
imagine Justin;s nexxt music video i think we all are literally going to die ;O
BofA Park & 19th: bank locked, guard unlocking for each customer. Didn't look at me. Mass paranoia of the 1%?
Today is YOUR day! SEIZE it, LOVE it, LIVE it.......take it to a NEW level! <3 Grab on and fly high!
We slappin faces round here suuuuuuuucka
Hey, welcome back! Shoot me an email and let's make a plan for early next week.
Deasy creates crisis at CTC with over reaction to poor administrative action regarding TRUE cases needing review.
thank you :D
I have SO much work to get done and I'm already checked out. Boner. =[
What brings you to D.C.?
It is!
Hence the immediately buy that product without thinking about anything
if you don't mind ..what city are u in and I will be praying for u at noon
This morning I discovered Kate Spade china. I'm in love.
Back in Tampa. Omg scariest plane ride of my life! Like a freakin roller coaster gaaaaaaahhh
American Heart Association says walking is the best form of exercise to achieve heart health.
... Middle initial and all.
Fox 12 political analyst Tim Hibbits calls Bonamici as the winner of Wu's congressional seat.
how did you do in your #racquetball games? How long have you been playing?
MMA Fighter & Marine Dustin West works with Wounded Warrior Project
Looks like the Nuggs are lookin good... I'm fighting the urge to change the tv to the game... I don't want to jinx em.. C'Mon
(c) In particular you wanted to know what they were saying?
Popsicle sticks. Kids decorate w marker, glitter, poms & then see what we can make! Pen holders, bird houses, garden sticks...
Thanks to Tiger Management LLC for their generous donation!
Im not a stalker Im dedicated Im not a fan Im a Mahomie Im not obsessed Im supportive He as in isn't just a singer Hes my hero
Getting Excited for the Winter Season! Beat the cold and join a Skeeball league this winter!
Pitchfork calls Lynch's video #nsfw, but I think it's just
U smell a lot of things when u travel
wow that's amazing. I'm going to be working her on my iPod all day tomorrow.
we haven't as yet... cc:
Days like this make me even more grateful I live in San Diego, couldn't ask for more!
I've been debating putting a grey streak in my hair. :)
more like thank yOU
Patients won't be held accountable, but the ACO will be because they receive $ by meeting quality of care benchmarks.
sounds like a great event! Ill try to get down there, tho monday's tough. Thanks for hosting these types of nights
I was using my iPad like a giant iPhone. Very sad.
nah, good to win the division but not content with just that
Justin bieber performing at X-Factor :))))))
Spent entire day yesterday trying to fix computer that would appear to have a fried motherboard. That's a day off?
is that why? Lol
Amazing finish.
so , is "Mosaic" harking back to the great Blakey album or the record label (also special!) or something else?
Everybody wants happiness nobody wants pain but you cant have a rainbow without a little rain.
Make A Wish Upon A Star Fish, Kiss Under The Waterfall, Coconut Side Dish, Like Paradise Lost But Now Im Found
I have an extra ticket to tonight, who wants it?
I could see that. Especially for kids that have trouble with written/oral communication but get the programming logic.
There's a fine line between cuddling and holding someone down so they can't get away.
Sitting on a bench on the side of the street, drinking a Thums Up (Indian Coke-ish, I think). Woman walks by and compliments my costume.
I'll be fine I swear, I'm just gone beyond repair.
agree for soups! Not for salads. Too intense
Congrats and ! I remember meeting you both (and your early team) at Barcamp in Delhi.
Just watched Seattle's Nextdoor Neighbors at the Comet. Totally pumped. Sorry Dave Lawson.
Lol aha going to the movies with dhis boyy
Scicurious Stuff!Check out my Cafepress Store!
I'm feeln it I suspose!
RT : Happy All Eve everyone! Can't wait to see what treats the crew has for us this year.
I wish my dog could run to Cold Stone right now and get me a coffee ice cream with the little English toffee bits.
Any word if Middlebrooks will start tonight?
i totally forgot we didnt have school today lol xD
dude the show is on Saturday the 21st. Not Sunday. Dead surf is playing again.
as in 'taint gonna happen.'
Yes! Working. Thanks!
thanks for the intro, but didn't we meet at TechNite with the yo-yo's?
Omg I think I may have just read the funniest and fakest rumor in the world. LMFAAAOOOOOOOOOOO
Silence means complicity when you sit there, smile, and say nothing when the n-word is being used in your presence. Silence=Complicity
chillin jus got back from SwAP MEet
it looks like after is done yelling at his listeners he listens to you to hear what a good morning show sounds like
Will do.
Am i being patient and moving on.no!im taking off the watch and living till i get there
Russell Simmons' offer to pay for the cleanup of Zuccotti Park is almost generous enough to make up for Kimora. ALMOST.
This pm we'll kick-off #CAM2012 with live-tweeting from ! Can't wait to hear speakers from & !
Still cant believe I got tickets to see #YEE <3
thanks! i think i said all i can about it.
Listening to all of my 45's now because I realized not all of them have huge holes that need adapters. Now: FoP. Next: Apache Dropout.
What animal my character resembles?
Aw i love her <3
I've just realized how much I've missed playing soccer :l Senior Champ :D LMF
Why is the agenda and date and time of this meeting not on their website. What do they not want you to hear about?
Tired of being walked on n tooken for granted, tired of being put on the back burner n 2nd to others, TIME FOR ME TO BE #1 !
Or Lebron in the 4th quarter RT“: October is to A-Rod, what Midnight was to Cinderella.”
we have so many awesome fans. Thanks so much for still caring about us. We will keep making music, it is in our blood.
Taught Wallace Terry's book abt black Vietnam vets yesterday. Looks at economic dispossession and Vietnam as a factor in rise of Black Power
Yay Thx! RT : thanks! happy Monday to you as well!
deleting people i dont know when facebook tells me its their birthday....
looking forward in doing your hair...
I can't wait till comes and visits mad town :)
you are my hero... come to sacramento so we can practice some magic!
Thanks for the follow Kora!
Anyone going to Coachella tomorrow? I know someone who needs a ride from LA in the morning. Please PM me if you are available.
Exactly. People who don't know about your product can't brand your product for you. RT : But what's the idea?
call that chick out!!! Lol
Miller Park is a library. You can pretty much hear the ventilation system.
Do you know any #bayarea #restaurants that feature #performers for brunch? or dinner? Please share!
Love the art-sniffing doggie logo.
haha I'm listening to epic with mine:D
Ha. Missed the end of the Laker game cause I passed out, but woke up to find out they won
How are you fantastic Boy? <3 :) xx
Hey Prash, thanks for reaching out! Saw your message and will get back to you shortly. Been strapped for time, but ur on my radar
Yeah I'm trying not to do the FB thing as much either. Let me know if you hear of anything starting June though! <3
RT Totally had a fatning weekend, today I start fresh, with diet & exercise.
hahahah yepp....i think one season with him is going to be awkward enough...i dont need another one.
2 traveling recruiters, dept chairs, tech person, writer/editor, few faculty recruitment champs
thanks 4 the follow
Nothing good
No! I knew exactly what I needed and where to find it!
local info request! RT : legit question for #ArlingtonHeights folks: are the paths @ Lake Arlington covered in goose poo?
happy to hear you're enjoying Undercover Weekend!!!! Thanks so much for listening lady! Have a fantastic weekend!!!
LICENSE TOMORROW!!!
Good morning my beautiful followers! Hope everyone has a great day!
#SomeFluffForYa Do cliches and the standard schoolyard dynamics really fade or are they just more revamped and subtle in the adult world?
Internet stores are open 24/7. Real ones should be too.
cut it out
ha that pic is awesome
thank you! It was awesome!!!
YOUR THE ONLY REASON I STAY UP UNTIL 11:11 WISHING THAT U WOULD FOLLOW ME BUT U NEVER NOTICE ME YOUR AMZING FOLLIW ME <33333
BIG Shoutout to and for even LISTENING to my music!!
Hey y'all, don't forget that Bush put us so far down in the debt hole, not me. Okay thanks. -Obama
Anytime! I'm here until tomorrow morning. Would love to chat!
i love you
Hi we're a new church in your area. Exciting & loving. Check us out & follow back & our pastor
Ran 6 yesterday and 5 today. That's gotta be some kind of record!
Cheers! Thank YOU for making Asheville a place we want to grow...
Seems like everybody is breaking up and throwing their love away..
Thanks for the #FF shout out
needs volunteers who speak Mandarin to help seniors understand their health benefits. Do you know anyone who can help?
Are the "Bears tweets" suppose to make me feel better knowing we have the 29th worse o-line? Pfffft. Bring on Patriots season for me :)
Congrats to the Rats! Last night's final score: Rats 158-OMH 133
I follow all of my followers
This is very, very cool news! I shared the FB post as well. I hope the project is successful!
Cant wait! Wear sequins! Lol RT : Lady date with and Ms. Sophia! So excited!
Roseville, truly hell on earth
Womp. Mid-Atlantic failure
Work hard for the money! [ Donna Summers voice ] Rest in Peace. 
I heard about the traffic mess today on LSD around the I-55 ramp
Only 4 more days until tribute airs on NBC at 8pm. Can't wait to hear Clinton's thoughts on AmeriCorps again
This class needs to speed up so I can hit the gym
so glad Jessica & Joshua are safe.
Omg! My Scottish friend! I hope he's having a lovely visit with his sister.
thanks for the mention
Trying to make dinner in this hot box is no fun!
most beautiful goal ever? we make a good combo haha
Salvation Army failed me.
ready to watch do work tonight.
Have a great Saturday!!
Nice photo gallery. I have ornate metal type and old litho limestone that I consider (heavy) works of art.
Exactly. Total BS. “: You can hop into the stands but you can't stand on a camera stand. OK. Got it.”
RT : Teachers as nation builders--what kind of nation do we want to build?
I hate when I let people see my phone and they go through my pictures and text. -____-
is looking forward to the rain.
for sure. I'm free until 5pm you time
Houston, Tranquility Base here. The Eagle has landed. ~ Neil Armstrong
Off into a snowy drive home.
Thanks! :) RT : follow ! she the best!
yes so ture
lets get outta here
Wish I could reply to Android Market comments to let people know how stupid they are. Hurts to see em so oblivious
I'll bite: This new Madonna album is great.
omg hey
#Coyotes want this series tonight. Their intensity is intense.
So disappointed cut add'l $6.2 mil from State Parks, will now have to close over 1/3 of all CA state parks (over 100).
Yeah, and I are headed there later today.
all deserve #GiveBIG support! Who are you giving to?? cc:
I just ate a salad and I feel good about it. Now, it's time for a music concert
It's Tenacious D time!
S/O TO AND SEALING THE DEAL
So true, "storytelling is everything!"
A quad-core Windows 8 laptop more ultra than an ultrabook?: Imagine a quad-core Windows 8 laptop as light as a tablet. Enticing -- bu...
OH: I only have 1 muscle shirt, embarrassingly enough! OH2: you have to in case you go BOATING!
#mygraduationspeech I would like thank the person who made copy and paste and the person who made google.
o wee whats good?
lol, I understand but nothing foreal just working..... and you? :)
I wonder if there's a way to have 2000+ people in the same relationship status.
Can't wait until tomorrow :)
tough decision u r considering some good schools when u say i Will attend ....some will cry some will shout 4 joy Kentucky
sorry man! That sux. :-/
At the shop bout to get my haircut by Cwoo!
Drivers Ed is going to ruin my summer
Our kids really seem to thrive w/ the horse program, girls especially. It seems like the ADHD symptoms go away around animals
lmfaooo im tweeting myself
No kidding. She knows "intent". Are we playing the who hasn't spoken game again?
just watched jesus>religion video at church today. i had to come home and youtube you. You speak the truth! You inspire me!
The future of logistics next with Mary Vaughn & Michael Dalby
New follower #shoutout! Thanks for following the South Tucson Library and
really wants TheEllenShow to follow her!
#ff they seem untroubled by the autograph seekers in the background :)
Watching the #Grammys :D Hawaii gets everything late >.<
Hoping this is directed toward me RT : efforts start to mean nothing when people continuosly fail to follow through.
McDougal up to pitch. Take 'em out, Scarecrow.
See how you can use OneNote as an alternative to Adobe Acrobat (PDF) for document management at www.iheartonenote.com
I love you Neon!!!!!! You have been an amazing inspiration to me!! May the FIERCE be with U
People Shouldn't Bend That Way
every time I see you, I want to take my robot ring to your face. again.
*ding* *ding* *ding* RT : You are, a Cinema, a Hollywood Treasure <3
Heading to GWU to mess with ; if he thinks things are moving too fast, wait until he sees the engagement puppy I got him.
Anyone else humming the beat calling still ?
thanks! And I think you should totally do it, it doesn't hurt to look, lol
welcome to twitter, Geoffrey. We've never met (I was Fenty's Dep Mayor, recruited Michelle Rhee) but I'm a big fan of your work.
just found FREE piano sheet music online! SCORE!
Minneapolis is flooding its rinks this morning. There may be some hockey left in this winter after all.
At $99, #AppleTV offers the most value for your money of any #apple product...ever. If you don't have one, get one. Trust me.
#BillsMafia #SJ13 fans TODAY on MTV2 RT “: Make sure you check me out on #SuckerFree on this Sun at 11a/11p.”
'The Green Hornet' is not a bad movie at all. And Jay Chou, looks very cool. I like some of his songs.
an to think I stopped tlkn to essence just to work things thru wit chu yu foul as fck
JAJAJ YOUR FUNNY
couldnt take my eyes off of Bailey
If woke up should be awake by now
Make home security your New Years resolution
When you die a little because you lost a follower #WHY ?!?!?!
LEXG moving nice.
I like Finley over on 6 TD's. Think he'll have a lot of redzone looks if he can stay on the field.
his hugs > your hugs. his kisses > your kisses. his smile > your smile. his laugh > your laugh. him > you.
thanks! Such a great class this morning...I think my face is still red from it. We already downloaded Snow Patrol!
donde tu ta? I called you and it didn't work..
yeah dude too bad we meet went to the restaurant in queens that place us good too.
For the last time tonight HaPpY 18 bIrThDaY you deserve everything and tons more!
Smart Teen! <3 RT : There's a big difference between loving the idea of someone and actually loving them for who they are.
HEY YOU GUYS. SAYS HE'S ANXIOUS & HAS BEEN READY TO START ON HIS DEBUT MIXTAPE FOR SOMETIME NOW..:....
I guess my fringe is up next :-(
Please stop with the pajamas visuals on our Mayoral candidates. Yikes.
everyone needs vacation. Everyone. Stop what you're doing and book one now. Imp way to escape and enjoy family w/o pressures
College basketball gone break viewership records today because of those on that basketball withdrawal...
Oh sweet, my allergies are back.
Wednesday is a BIG day for us! Find out what we're celebrating starting at 6am w/ Jim Cunningham!
Friday Saturday n Sunday is about to b super long for me
come see a girl!! I can do it via phone of you wanna go to PBT :)
It's just amazing to me that people don't see that; it's the opposite of a race to the bottom (is there a cliche for that?)
I want to take in a movie today... Any good ones?
who has the power in ? is it the teachers, main office, the school board, or the community?
RT : “If I’m grabbing the towel, it’s to wipe sweat from my face. Not to toss it in.” - (upcoming interview)
thanks for following - and for attending the SMPS event yesterday!
Where is my decision?
glad you got to attend that session. some good stuff in wireless wellness.
GOOD MORNING! ☀😄
Cool! Thank you! I think I'm going to plant some just didn't realize how many varieties there are.
We are just getting started! Thx for following us.
Again this year...Why can't you EVER pick VCU to win?
eh, I'll compost them tomorrow. After I take down the tree.
"50 Cent and Justin Bieber" is still trending? woah.
LMMFAO!!!! You are my hero.
Too bad I go to school with boys.
I play mostly Wav files, but from now on..Never an Mp3 again. If I don't have the Wav file; won't play it! Even gonna try 24 bit on F-One!
Jacob Black
i dont have class tomorrow wohoo!!!
Do You Reply To FanMail? :)
Wow its so cold outside this morning the garden gnome is shivering. Last week he shaved the cat and made a fur coat for himself.
Good luck tonight! “: wish me and luck tonight!”
Roshon is pretty darn good! That's the #hiphop in him I guess.
Contain your excitement. Some of us don't watch it for another couple of hours :)
no babe don't leave me!!!
It had to be my 4th block teacher to fucking give us work !
A lot of good talent this yr in the #JBC2012! I attended when it was in New York but being in Charlotte it gives the game a family feel!
eric church is such a badass
I am a Maximillian with two l's. My dad is older than he looks!
Red Wine. And quality time with my stinky lil brother.
The USPS is using scare tactics to get more ppl to use snail mail, that will surely get them over their impending falure...
no shit(x
so u was thinking bout me, awww
I really have to stop crashing into things
After quick surge defense stepped up and played phenomenal..well done!
It felt good outside sav! hahaha We need to Head to the courts
Mavericks win!! Wow, that was one of the most dramatic regular season games I've seen in recent memory; Thank you instant replay
CAN AL MY FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT PLEASE!! I WILL FOLLOW BACK!!<333
i think it's guest exclusive anyway just like wilderness. ugh. I don't wanna go to crapahari and pay $200 either
it must go next to the R. Leaf jersey in the man cave.
Yeah you should!
happy birthday!(:
Enjoying an IPA What is your favorite watering hole in LP?
arrest a man for numerous sexual assault-related charges. They fear there could me more victims. Details at 10&11.
UGH RIGHT WHEN IM GONNA SLEEP. WHY NIALL. WHY MUST YOU TWEET TWICE NOW.
someday I will be important enough to have a twitter bot speak for me
FYI, I am no longer in
#Sounders FC select FW Jason Banton (Leicester City) with the 15th pick in the 2nd round of the
Once again… a little too much blood in my caffeine system today.
Um yeah that dream was pretty horrible I am not very proud my mind right now haha !*)
If you can't feel it, see it, or smell it its typically not real.
Good morning Brandie. The sun is shining. The cats are cute. It is a great weekend. Hope you are enjoying yours :)
as a slow freeway driver, I apologize on their behalf. Our pokey asses need to stay in the right lane.
Dude, it's cold--but manageable. Hope The Bay's being good to you.
Gingrich is nothing but a noise maker.
oh how i love nascar races <3
Fuck you, glasses on my face.
I HAVE KENTUCXY FRIED DERBY GOGGLES
nice! we have one less excuse to avoid carpooling.
babe < baby < princess 👑
#IheartRadio app is cool, except when the commercials come on, and there's no commercial, and there's creepy music instead.
We like your name
Today's is from Mark Harper re the Electoral Registration & Administration Bill.
Women, STOP getting pregnant by men who already have kids they're not even taking care of now!
Oh my dear baby Jesus thank you for giving me the cutest baby sister in the entire world omg amen
LOL. Excuse you. He is dead. And the doesn't explain why there can't be a trend about him..
Awkward moment abs some one confuses Larry bird Bob night AND LARRY KING FOR THE SAME DAMN PERSON
ill try my luck w those ones...;)
I got the dub on Morris
And Congratulations by the way!
#Romney is way more compassionate now. He would make the kid have a
Hugs back! Hope your boy is spoiling you!
Finally getting the time to move around a bit more! Good to hear from you!
But you endorse them in general?
Getting hungry- new drummer to audition soon. And we'll begin recording another single in a week! Getchya sum o dis!!!
My music seems distant, singing about what I am, just a "cowgirl in the sand".
Anyone know of a site that helps build quality resource pages for marketing?
You think this think with Jada and the elephants is bad? Remember when Billy Dee Williams complained about the giraffes at the zoo?
Closing at midnight...
who's = who is; whose = of whom
Opening Day.
HEY LADIES!!! WE HAVE THE ADIDAS IN CUTE SOFT COLORS FOR U WITH THE T SHIRTS OR TANK TOPS TO MATCH!!!!!!!!
I had to drop off truck 8 AM Sat to fix windshield. Wait 2 hours. What to do? OMG next door is a Denny's! What would we do without Dennys!!
thanks,girl :)
haha alright seeing you said its okay to tell you then yeah it is because you're going to be out....awkward haha
I miss watching The #Rugrats with & #90s Girls have grown up overnight :-(
Pawn Sports News; is on hes way to a #ChampionShip ring and one player isnt feeling it at all. Knicks player
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo tell a #Jew he owes you money
Getting there - JUST 2 more "Likes" to go......(for a humble beginning ;-) Please feel free to ask friends. Love you. Thanks! ♥
wow.....that's deep!
#Didyouknow the longest possible eclipse of the sun is 7.31 minutes
Smh I need to become a better catholic.
Reading your book and loving it -my kids are 8 and under, looking like the trickiest parenting days may still be ahead!
Re-create the design you're gonna make!
Enjoying a gorgeous brunch at Nova in Oak Cliff #brunch #oak cliff Dallas #good cocktails
What's your beverage of choice for a marathon session?
appreciate it! but its not me its this is his fan page! FOLLOW HIM ALSO
Three huge free throw misses. Damn.
The first coffee-house in Europe opened in Venice in 1683, while coffee was available in Europe as early as 1608, mostly for the rich.
+1 RT : I wake up way too early on vacation. All twitchy and "c'mon c'mon c'mon let's go!" while everyone else sleeps.
We lift ourselves by our thoughts. We climb upon our vision of Imagination is more important ourselves. than knowledge.
There was nothing better than watching "Louie" and all of a sudden seeing you appear. Effing awesome! Great job.
FUNNIEST tweet today! -- MT It is now a 2 person race. Donate now for the last conservative standing.
Sometimes ideas show up when you're not writing or even thinking about it consciously. Brains are odd tools.
It will be posted after kickoff so you will know what the play is before it goes final.
Warm outside
Playing the NBC Heads-up Bracket with Kevin M. Go Ivey!!!
Just game one.
I haven't done #ff in a long while. So, plz bare with me. These are musts:
The announcement of an overhaul to England's planning system brings the meaning of "sustainable development" und..
way to go
Runs scored rarely are more appreciated.
I need your info! Email it to me at beth (at) fit2b (dot) us ... thx!
#20ThingsAboutMe 3. I wear glasses and braces but not a smart cookie.
THIS ---------> RT "Tidiji: Marvin's Room bores me. I've tried, I've really tried to like it".
because u dont know wat I seen at the bet awards, because it wasn't tht big back then
The chicken to pot ratio in this chicken pot pie could be greatly improved.
Great films and should satisfy your escape from prison needs!
About to tear up some Wangs Wings!
well that's even more fun. I left at 7:00 today. Then stopping in Nashville.
I think I'll try defying gravity<3
I am becoming frigid with this change in weather.
#ATM starring now that's survivor #horror done right!
Justin Bieber's ex-girlfriend has obtained a restraining order against a man who allegedly offered to pay someone 3,125 to kill her.
If you could add anything to our menu, what would it be?
I think just loaded the bases just to show he can get out of it anyway
One year ago today, Holly Bobo went missing. Please pray for her safe return
you should probably start writing things down as much as you forget.
So pumped to watch my team live!
I Can't wait til My BFF Have her baby , Imma Spoil Her :)
No matter what I optimize, Cant get my site to load quickly. Using shared hosting but tried others. Help!
I got my IPad It's cool
Well that was a new horrible experience
we open now
Forever sky high
WordPress, is that even a question? :p
Not much...Ha!
#Imagine u:ugh.. I'm tired! J:want me to rock you to sleep? U:sure You smiled :) he picked you up and cuddled up with you, and kissed you..
"A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions." *Oliver Wendell Homes
Today only, Monday, July 11, 2011, 7-Eleven locations across the country will be offering a free 7.11 ounce Slurpee drink
- Terribly sorry, the client we were using hid your tweet! We're on the east frontage between Montgomery and Jefferson. :)
COKE ZERO LIGHT..........no, just tonic water. Oh yeah, Good Game :)
i know the feeling, i always feel like diana ross on stage whenever i wear sequins lol
oh no sending the juju!
lol. Can You Pay My Bills.
is there a way to get in touch with your Chief of Staff, Theresa Mintle? An e-mail address or phone number? Thank you!
aww love u too :,)
The Bing sessions at Soho House
And say yeah!
Happy birthday New Mexico, 100 YEARS OLD TODAY!
i want a henna tattoo from juuu<3
Oh, we're going to World Trade Center. I thought we were going to 34th street and walked from there. What time ya got there?
Trumps party is off the hook
after all this time, i just wonder if this is justice or action under pressure. I'll keep an eye out on the results.
I think I just saw someone quote a Skrilex song... I didn't even know that was possible.
Oral history metadata synchronizer... This is purdy darn neat.
I thank God for a soon to be Husband like Mine <3 I admire him so much ah I love him so much :)
don't get angry lol what up cutie
What kind Brian RT : i want a cake Aubrielle
thanks again stay in touch!
Ryan, have you already talked about UNC's counting SoMe involvement for P/T? Wanted to include that in my next talk.
you are so ghetto & a disgrace to the game of tennis...guess Richard didn't teach you class
One more game...
what wonderful news! :) Big year for all of us!! Glad to hear school's going well...keep up the gr8 work!
PinkSlipRick.com had big piece on Maddow tonight. Thanks Rachel for recognizing all their hard work! thanks for keeping eye on FL
I've done my share and probably have one more later this year...it's been great to me but time to go!
Maryland til tmrw, then home :D
"today is the greatest day I've ever known"
today...we dine in hell! fuck that....i'll just go call her, you guys have a good time...bring me back something-Alexis
Calling all indie publishers! Join us in 15 minutes for #indieview, to chat about issues that matter to indie publishers.
my skin is yellow. not white. Yellow.
Always good to know we have another ally! Thank you. :-) At least Maryland recently stepped up.
pick me!
right there with ya dude!
“: Why is Michelle Beadle trending? Has she finally accepted my marriage proposal?”--I wanna see you two debate on first take. Lol
Woohoo! 100% uptime in April. Take that five nines.
#Happy #Monday Everyone #spring break
I know man we sat for like 2!
please forward additional details through direct msg
Just, be sure to look up the contraption in the book like Jess did before purchasing. LMAO.
NYC July 24, 2010 9am (The Great Lawn Central Park) "Love Is Us"- Photographers Michael Dote, Xaviera Shutter Princess Sparks, Dane Delaney
Same here. One of the things that kept me from playing alts in WoW was losing all my pets, mounts, etc.
My mind is like a steel trap: rusty and illegal in 37 states.
Sons of Anarchy heads to a great conclusion
XOXO RT HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY TO THE STUNNING the peeps sure have a winner in that one :) LOVE YOU
At school right now....working on a science project. Why do we have so many projects at the end of the year?
what the heck!!!! why is it raining so much!!!!!!!
*pours up* let the countdown begin...
Here is a test to find out whether your mission on earth is finished. If you are alive, it isn't. - Richard Bach
wa hat a stupid statement
Bout to go chill wit DMx and let him here my muzik
Bra. I did some straight deer shit. Im too pissed at myself!
LOL TOO BAD I CORRECTED MYSELF. THANK YOU GOOD DAY! lol
NKOTB ...New Kids on the Block!!!
Nothing like being the black guy that was invited ..... Lol
Today makes it on my "Top 10 Worst Days Ever" list.
Jacksonville. Don't let the door hit ya in the a__ on the way out. Elway got a REAL QB.
Hey Brenda thank you for the follow!
Never half ass two things. Whole ass one thing.
Today is a weird day of up and down emotions. Up and down and sideways. Just a continuation of the last 2 weeks.
I never realized how much I didn't miss this school till now
ok. i'll figure it out. thanks.
Terrific! RT : stay tuned for my next blog entry on creating a volunteer activity-based point system
Dude, I would be thrilled if we got to work together next year. I'll e-mail you soon about another visualization I did this year.
My teachers told me I wouldn't be shit
Joe Hite tonight and Thursday. Who I he? C'mon.... Milwaukee's best performer and singer
Can't believe its already September
I don't complain too much because somebody else have it worst than me. Life ain't so bad after all.
ohh got ya !! Yeah i had no clue where to go til basically the last second
Yeah, if I was in Detroit, I'd probably be living in the only occupied house in an abandoned neighborhood.
same, I just can't wait for the summer to relax and go to shows haha!
bad acl buddie:((((( and okay I will! Thank you!! Goodnight ryan'
My pick for best supporting role on the red carpet: P. Diddy's lint roller.
Chiefs had FOUR total yards in the first half. Yes. FOUR. The Jets scored one touchdown for every yard the Chiefs picked up.
Me+an acoustic showcase @ the Listening Room in Nashville+ July 13th 5:30-6:30+ an hours worth of songs about boys= you SHOULD be there.
- Henry Cole, the man behind the Christmas Card, is one of our bearded heroes!
will they do it today?
Interested in exhibiting this fall? Dallas,Ft Worth,Dallas or the ALL Tx Garden w/ Neil Sperry in Arlington? www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
My friend was on tour with her marching band and their bus got stopped by border control for a suspicionless search this summer.
Nobody can get to me. Only 1 and its Jesus. So don't mind if I smile and be happy cuz he lives in me.
Boney James- So Beautiful
My son and I are going to kill each other before this match is over.
hahaha that's awesome
Bought myself an early bday present today!
ur cool with ur tobacco post
We are closed between 3PM and 5PM. Dinner service starts at 5PM until 10PM Sunday thru Thursday and until 10:30PM Friday and Saturday!
doubt your gonna see this but
-_- RT : How?? I'm ridin dirty them crackers out in clay lol": swang wide it'll b worth it"
Recording...in the morning by J.cole ft Drake.
one hundred! And heck I had to pay you like 1 million!!
Hello this is Karen remember me? You sang about me in When You Walk into My Dreams and 6.4...
Thank you!
I want to go out, but I'm probably not!
Watching a horror movie and thinking "NO! Dont kill him! He's HOT!"
Wish I could. I'm booked elsewhere all weekend.
“: Loiter squad!”
Even when you are doing the right thing, people will always judge you and hate you for it -_-
from what o.0
NEVER SAY NEVER ! :D <3 Just wanted to say Hi, and how's it going? (:
Feel like an idiot. Just saw some I didn't know I had. Never responded--AM VERY SORRY!
@ the CDAD Community Breakfast meeting & it is a great meeting! At the podium now is City of Detroit's Planning & Development Director...
hey there!!! How r ya my Insanebro??? Luv ya, ur sis~*+Sabbath+*~
NCAA tourney games on Does the NCCA know does not have HD? I can't watch basketball in SD. First world pains are horrible.
What are the fundamental human traits? #language #tool making #walking upright #music and #creativity must be there too!
Just called my mom to wish her a happy mothers day. When I realized I had the wrong week I swore and hung up on her.
Works like a charm.
i'm so weird
We perceive when love begins and when it declines by our embarrassment when alone together
Thanks for joining us last night! :)
RT : In exactly 5 hrs I will be announcing the winner of season 2 of And then 3 minutes later, I will crack a...
Classic, both dudes aced it. .
do you moving forever or for a few months? ;'(
Happy Monday Fashion 5.0 fans! It's so gloomy here in San Diego. RT if you are really ready for #Summer now!
geez, I walked Georgy thru the Adams Morgan day crowd. good thing he was behaving himself (mostly)
yeah that blows
"A man's beard grows faster when he is anticipating sex."
you're Following 36,573 people & im One Of Them..YEE <33
": Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself. -Unknown"
Did really get beat badly by Newcastle & Pepe Reina swing and miss on a headbutt or has this all been an elaborate april fools joke?
Orioles better resign Adam Jones ASAP . That was a shot
The United Air iPhone app shows your upgrade status. Nice. Too bad I didn't get one.
I just turned 13 this past April:)
darling thank you!!! I miss you sweetie. When can we do lunch. So much to share... XOXOXO
THANK YOU to everyone who has tweeted or bought the book. It hit #3 at Amazon a few hours ago and is holding steady. I am so
thanks brother for the season and a great first round against Pittsburgh.
Hi Jim, we're following your tweets about the conference!
i own jack links beef jerky..
“: having a hard time deciding if it's brilliant or creepy” It's brilliantly creepy. And all 's idea.
Today is the beginning of a new life
Since spring has arrived, Balthazar sits in the window and pretends he can get those birds were it not for the screen. It's hilarious.
This dude just called my professor a c*** because he didn't like his grade on the open book multiple choice test and map quiz #JuCo!
Message:"For Those Of You Who Have Already Inquired....I OFFER YOU 30 DAYS TO RUN YOUR BUSINESS..FREE TRIAL...HOW'S THAT F
You know i keep alot to myself.well not alot just 1 subject thats very dear and near.
Everything you need for travel, all in one site! Book air, hotel, car, cruise; buy travel wear, get passports & Visas. www.FreeXpedia.com
#GreysonMMag What's your favorite restaurant to go to?
I would much prefer Beibs!
get you a #redbull it
I just uploaded a brand new twitter background.. whatcha think??
#FollowFriday Don't follow me, follow He'll agree with you more about films & tv. I'll just say you're a horrible person!!
The Green Mile never fails to make me tear up. )':
alright then haha
thanks man yeah I got yall
They are. He does.
To the guy sitting on the curb of the blood bank eating french fries and wearing a faux tuxedo shirt.....Marry Me.
Good morning Twitter Nation!!
I'm not making jokes about the charges against the #StopKony fellow. I'm saying that should NOT claim that he is "malnourished."
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
#MyDream is too be a singer & an actress any advice?? Oh & my birthday was yesterday!!!!!!!!
Call me right fucking now .
Can't wait to see you!
those are -not- fat legs..
I don't drink soda, so I need coffee! And seeing what coffee does to you, I don't think you need caffine. Haha ;)
The amazing on with right now!! LOVE her music!!
That's a great documentary!
The Beatles - Within You Without You - 02:30 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
girls will be girls.
When uses double standards <<<< #jerk (:
it works and it's fun!!
I sure will!! I can't wait
#uppers This report abt the BP spill makes me want to CRY! The ppl; the gulf; and eco system r RUINED
Danngg, that was deep . Chicago's Finest, #leggo .
Me too! RT : what a loser...I feel bad for sometimes
Thursday Mens game followed by night out... make it happen captain!! See ya soon brotha !
Wow.... Went to a different sbux today off of w valley pkwy and I just got a mouth full of grinds :-\ ... Unsatisfied
Who's been fucking with the Skyrim thou?
McGahee might break a nail or something, may take him out of the game
Could have done without Gary Neville's "Oooooooooooooooooohhhhh" for Torres' goal. Not the best soundbyte ;-)
what up
Thanks for the link, very interesting!
haha. Yea you and me both brotha!
If Romney becomes president, they have to move the Texas capital from Austin to Lubbock.
Our shortlist will be announced soon. Here's to hoping the edge of your seat is cozy!
hit me up for presale!! October 15th @ Area 702 The Ghost Inside, First Blood, Deez Nuts, A Loss For Words, Hundredth, Kill The Masses!
- my favorite Miles.... thank you
Do u currently have #e-book readers (i.e. #Kindle, #Nook, etc.) at the library?
Our booth equipment and touchscreens just left for #aam10. We can't wait to see you in Los Angeles!
Today's Trivia Question: Who was the 1st Black Woman to receive a Medical Degree? Visit www.americanlegacymag.com after 12pm to find out!
old My Morning Jacket is meant for Winter nights like tonight
#EastSideMustHaves DC Tourism
Lol ma friend makes an AWESOME raptor noise s/o follow him :D
Follow from Mississippi
Celebrated the twins 9th birthday today. Got them alarm clocks, they're super EXCITED to wake up tomorrow!
Students I am on my way to class now
There are some girls on this train whose outfits Claire Huxtable most definitely would not tolerate.
R.I.P. Carroll Shelby. You made me want a mustang
When will the nacho cheese heater replace the water cooler in the workplace? This is Wisconsin, dammit!
Hey Pittsburgh! Go fuck yourself!
I'm probably taking one of those later, but I don't have finals to blame.
OMG I'm so confused my head is about to blow. Why??
We can't win at home, we can't win on the road. As general manager I just can't figure out where else to play. - Pat Williams
trying to teach about #trivia43, he's a rookie. Telling him about Trivia Stone.
Do me a HUGE favor and give a shoutout to for me? and please follow her? thanks you guys are the BEST! :)
“: my fingers are crossed GL”. Thanks man!
#NowPlaying Empire State of Mind - JayZ ft Alicia Keyes ... Cannot wait to be back in NY in nine days!!! :-) xo
Looking for satisfying girl scout cookie statistics and coming up short.
welcome to winter :)
I'm on to you now...
PHILLIES PLAYING LIKE SHIT AND MY JOB IS BUSTING MY BALLS
Finally just used the ladies room.
Is that ice?
so happy you guys are back! I felt so uninformed!!!
#RealWomenWant to look in the mirror and see their best friend.
Like the Captain America choice. Chris Evans.
I just wish I had a joint that big! You're welcome;)
Tonight in Milwaukee: or Peter Case and ? Begin.
AWESOME point ;)
There's a difference between venting and begging for attention.
It wasn't a dream. It did happen! Good morning
hahaha, well I wouldn't, but her and my friend got it on! No they didn't..
shhhh. I'm sleeping
Tis the truth, for it is apparent to all
RT : Just because #Autism Awareness Month is officially about to end, it doesn't mean that the Autism Awareness has to end...
Got 1981 Radio Shack Model 100 from storage, added 4 AAs - booted instantly! Ran flawlessly for years.
That's not true re: OBL. Twitter was abuzz w/ rumors but there was no confirmation until the speech. TV didn't "miss the moment."
Heck yeah! I get out at 11, too late?
I Cant Wait Till Summer I Aiint Gone Neva Stay Or Be Etd Home
Debating whether to even come to school -_-.
900 fans!!!! Thank you all. Wondering who's
Turn my tv on to "Harry Potter, The Boy Who Lived, come to die." uh..Voldemort, I think you mean "come for pie"..
See you at TED tomorrow!
QR code don't: Sign next to a urinal (unless by Duchamp, presumably) @
Fun fact: If you look up "most corrupt House Oversight Committee chairman in history" in Webster's there is a photo of Darrell Issa.
Damn! Memphis won last night! I want the second round to start!!! I need to see my !!
Watching #MakeItOrBreakIt witg ma niggs I Can't Believe The Coach Fucked Jordan for Years ! Smh !
oh son.... you gotta watch me this weekend now lol
I was thinking we should get a room at like wildwood one sunday and drink/swim all day for #sundayfunday, then go to the game
Do it! You only got an hour till they stop serving anyway.
Frost delay, frost delay, frost delay
me too
I love to be a part of outrageousness. For real, let me know.
#Salute RT : in the booth with - OG in the radio world showing our boy the way!
You're a genius
- Hey guys. It's going to be a Harbaugh Super Bowl - 49ers v. Ravens. It's all about the defense.
Thursday -Sunday come into City Gear to get an ADDITIONAL 20% OFF RED TAG APPAREL!!!!!!!!!
What's your Tumblr URL?
it's at university of Houston!
When you can live with all your opposite qualities, you will be living your total self.
Nice job Wolfpack!
we on for tomorrow night bro?
without music i'd die.
I am trying to decide between Parsons and SCAD for Interactive Design grad school. Any guidance?
RT I can't stand to see these lil ass girls on here talking bout they bad, bitch u aint even got titties yet!
With temps dropping this week it's a great time to get on the roof and check your units for any problems w/ your coolers or A/C units.
dinner @ #ondos was delicious. loved the super crispy patatas bravas
i love waking up to nothin from my girlfriend she must really care about me -__-
Awesome! I hope it's a nice, outdoor run instead of a treadmill.
just saved the day! Thanks to you I'm back up and running after crazy hacking issues. :)
How the Fuck do i stop getting someones tweets >_<
Golf Quests is looking for an advertising professional who is seeking a challenge in the travel, golf, and tourism industry to sell ad spac…
are you going to the gathering friday? i wager a taco from that #cuse beats #wake thursday night...
My tl won't load
Not sure what I think about the mixed Kits
wrote: Daily I live to die in this life so that I may die to live in the life to come.
Carl got a 5 minute major for the same shit they just did to Richards and were gonna let that go?! Playoffs swallow the whistles,likeudodick
Had Chix Fillet today ,and got a million & pie from Furrs Rest.Need a drummer.
RT Great time last night hanging with my & friends at Thanks everyone!
babies know ma weakness.
I heard Julia V makes an awesome cupcake
One of my fav person just came over and just made the rest of my night.can't wait to see her tomorrow!
You are in my thoughts n prayers everyday
True Kansans, aren't they? Tornado outside? Let's go gawk at it!
“Being a Humanist means trying to behave decently without expectation of rewards or punishment after you are dead.” — Kurt Vonnegut
Great to see Ohio's consumers stand up for the laws that protect them
An owner of a wastewater treatment facilities was sentenced in to 21 months in prison and a $310,000 fine for violating the Clean Water Act
I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do because I notice it always coincides with their own desires
I might!
honestly I would share it with most of my followers after I paid off my family's debt
local chicago channel 50 yea AMW on sat's was badass too
love your website! Thank you for coming to our event and we hope to see you again soon.
Absolutely love, love, LOVE Brandon Jennings and Beno Udrih on the court together.
Redskins have reached an agreement on a 1-year deal with RB Tim Hightower.
A must read!
sweet:) oh and I get to see you tomorrow
I'm going to tea bag Johan Santana. And he's going to like it.
Thanks so much for the recs! I grew up east of Buffalo & can't wait to read more books by my former neighbors to the West
Oh, of course their piece at DePaul. That kind of felt representational to me. Heavily referential anyway.
If love is a labor, I'll slave till the end. I won't cross these streets until you hold my hand.
": I can't ever get myself to play the lottery, maybe someday..." me either lol
Your Mission: Believe all things are possible with God Your faith should always reflect that mission
Bowled a 190, 5 strikes in a row
RT : Caps owner Ted Leonsis and Ducks GM Bob Murray - guests on today’s edition of NHL Hour With on SIRIUS XM Radio.
shut the front door! That's awesome!! Dude we're accepting apps for next year's team! 80+ events around the US. Mad exposure!
Doing good, you? No longer at CBS. In San Francisco living the dream.
Good morning! It’s 7 am in #Chicago on 'Abdu'l-Bahá's 22nd day in America. The city is enveloped in fog and mist.
Does anybody know how to bulk upload events to #dipity?
Hey if you wake up tomorrow, and also want food, come have a fried egg sandwich. Nice show tonight.
oh ..... I want it to come out soo bad
You got me there.
Up at 6:30 and watching oriental drum covers. Not sure how that happened.
I FINALLY figured it out. Team name: "Passed Out By 10PM!" As I am certain I will be! ;)
that awkward moment when you are playing fruit ninja and, you miss the first one. *RESTART*
no time for naps today in the office...
CRASH: I-5 southbound @ Nyberg, left lane blocked
At this point, thinking mode of storms across Iowa will help to take heaviest rain chances just south of SW and SC WI tonight
you have relatives in Texas, Pennsylvania, Maine, or Maryland?
G'morning to all my Tweetsters! Hope everyone has a great day!
We must be living the same life... RT : My life is one big beautiful, chaotic juggling act.
I'm guessing your love got you those. Why can't I have a relationship like that
thank you -- hope you are well!!
A+Research: Where Do I Start? Presentation @ Thompson Apr 11, 2-3pm room 150B Learn steps to a successful research project!
date me
My prayers are with her family and especially her daughter and mother she was an incredible singer and person may God bless her family
and individuals shouldn't be allowed to vote on civil rights. that's why we have a federal constitution.
2 brothers who won't stop wrestling, makes for a not so relaxing nt. for mom (ie. me). :/
we got Clemson this week we owe them a beating for how they ruined our season last year 12pm Sat afternoon on ESPN2
RT I want a kindle fire
What do you mean the old you?
The mom needs to borrow money. Let's see how long before I get it back.
Arguements are learning experiences, nothing is learned if your not together after.
American Idol is gay.
Thanks for follow!
You can, count on me, like one,two,three. I'll be there (:
It's so early but I can't pass up a February day for a morning run when I'm not all bundled up.
My thoughts exactly ": Word to your mother. And that word is "Love". #HappyMothersDay"
I follow back ;)
We the US will be in Afghanistan well past 2024. Just like in Korea, and Germany.
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate Cleveland Clerk of Courts
I through suicides on a private jet ..you know what that mean im fly to death.
DO YOUR BEST! “Regard it as just as desirable to build a chicken house as to build a cathedral.” Frank Lloyd
This is why I love the chiefs....
I always say yes to bluegrass
Did you guys ever find a place to crash in Toledo?
I miss saying "Luke." He looks better in black & orange than grey & blue.
you tell'em!!
maybe next summer we will have a donkey festival involving one of them, some tours of the local bike builders and some beers!
ohh ha. what grade are you in?
The whole front of my mouth is numb and feels weird:P
my girl aint that old jk
Fuck this feeling.. nap time .
#PCA she is also beautiful
The great business of life is to be, to do, to do without, and to depart.-Viscount Morley
We can thank for the end of the night Journey request. I half resisted and she said, "Don't worry, I used to work here"
**Request** Our time has freed up a bit, Are you or anyone you know hiring, looking for help, need a dog walked?
spain invaded portugal apparently...
Budget chair CM says he hopes to wrap up hearings by 7 pm each day.
sweet ok:) please dont forget! the shows in september!
if it makes you feel any better, i think you and Eleanor are oh so very cute :)
Arrogance of the Zealot - thinking that the cell in my uterus is more important than the man they sentenced to death.
I like your smile .
something MKE is proud of for sure!
Not showing on zune, was is the rss address for those anti-apple people.
me either. Lol
Sad... Writing a blog now recapping the season
Yeah, its always nice when there's an old guy who smells like piss at the gym.
So sad, but we're cancelling Fitness by the Fountain tonight See you Wednesday!
That's exactly why I did that.. I feel honored.
The Unit server upgrade is complete! To say thanks to #Unify users for their patience, we are going to run a quick give-away. Stay tuned...
Coach Calipari and the No. 11 University of Kentucky drop game to Ole Miss Rebels
How the fuck i get drunk so fast last night...supa weak...
Met and spoke with Rascal Flatts' tour manager, Mike McGrath, today. Hope I get to work with people like him some day.
I'm not baffled. It's clearly the alien mind control apparatus at work while we sleep!
RT : 2011 will go down in #history as year of biggest rollback of abortion rights since Roe v. Wade bit.ly/obD960
Got anything else good I should be listening to??
So much gratitude for my three sweet children piled up next to me here on the divan all pink-cheeked & silly & cookie-eating.
Gonna have a good night. (y)
say that shit A G A I N ,cause they don't know
Can't wait to listen to it on archive
looking forward to internationalization!
Ok we accept the challenge! Come to Miami and we will ball! :)
hello!! You're quite welcome :) and thank you
Four shots of Jameson at 8am. It must be a flight day. Snowing in Bham. Hopefully flight is not delayed...I will have to drink more.
Glad you enjoyed it! Thanks for joining us!
Do you prefer Margret or Satan's mistress?
Oh yes he was
Nice little 3 mile run study break with and
- Watching Cheaters . . Hm !
Dr. Turner: what makes a video go viral: engage, emotion, surprise, target sharers.
haha thanks Eric =)
you and me would deff be better teachers and I really will fail
