I've got a friend looking at it today!
Why am I sleep retarded?
Thanks to the fans who stuck by us even though we were terrible. We don't deserve you all. We shit on your goodness.
If a fellow IU entrepreneur followed us that would be awesome!!
M83 Is coming here on the 5th of may, I like that idea!
I still look good! John, not so much! ;p
I GOT YOU SAM I ALWAYS FOLLOW BACK,CHECK OUT SOME MUSIC ON MY TWEETS
always better to be cool about things and try to talk them out......
no): but I wish he would
10 differentSierra Nevada beers to tempt you today!!
does the fact that we're on Eastern Daylight Time have anything to do with it? ;)
1945- Adolph Hitler celebrated his last birthday (56) in his bunker and announced his decision to remain in Berlin
When people rush me to make a decision, I usually just decide that i'm not gonna do whatever they wanted to do since they're so impatient.
Suns Ticket draft was last night for our group. OHA got some great games!!!
HHC's Kelley Gossett and Sara Fujiwara presenting now at the conference.
You know you are on a Costa Cruise line when...the maid leaves a swan on your bed using wet towels...all the passengers tip at the same time
Saw online grousing about Leap Day being an extra day of work. Huh?
I used to go to Bally's...until I realized that gyms aren't supposed to be dark and depressing
#TeenLifeFact will NEVER tweet & follow me. I I know that for a fact.
On that work flow
hey! are you still working at ology? how's it going? I'm sure super boring without me :-)
THX for a great spot this morning Megan! So fun! RT: This weekend? this Sat & Sun.. Proceeds go to local schools.
wake up wake up wake up it's the first of the month..get up get up get up.
just stay off the trampoline
About cars but about so much more as well--“You must have the freedom to look beyond what had been done before.”--Dr. Ferry Porsche
Pierce is a Broncos fan too. Something else you two have in common
Listen to Dan Coughlin tell crazy stories about unforgettable characters at Tuscarawas Library TOMORROW at 6:30p.
my dads telling me this old ass cuban remedy to get rid of my flu.. it includes cognac eggs and cinnamon... what the eff
when's that Davidson Hart Kingsbery single gonna be out so I can tell all my friends to line up
Such a long hard day.
So glad you liked the music! And yes, just let me know when next week is good for you re: meeting up.
Happy Birthday!
Never been so excited to put on my PJs and drug myself up.
Hello, I just sent you an important DM :)
Oh, I hope so. Imagine having 'who's blowing POTUS' as our most pressing national issue.
Yep, that's a fantastic paper.
OOH -_- How was your weekend? ^-^
UGH. Jimmy Fallon, your standing ovation for Charlie Sheen has ended our love forever.
: Had a fantastic time tonight! Bring on the CRUD!
I had to realize it my self that i wasnt no sneakerhead bcuz at 1st i thought like most of these niggas at here smh
the Final Student Performance of Solo Flamenco! Place: Eugenios: 3584 SE Division Street
Ready to watch
Then following me with your Honda car.
most of them are talking about the NYTimes. Hip hop is keeping print media alive single-handedly.
Hey James! Love the work you do with S.I.R.! If you'd ever like to feature us on Tha Breaks, let us know!
I CANNOT wait to see MIB I
Oh, I'm great at buying stupid stuff.
i have major luggage under my eyes-don't want surgery yet, which would do wonders for me...yes, i'm a wimp.
Every time Firefox updates itself, God kills a kitten.
we need to get on the roll cuz wuz up with big papper
So nice to see people I consider to be real journalists tweeting about #ScandalABC and not trash like BBWives!
Facebook is the new lawn sign says
my new onslaught of artistic brilliance has arrived & you shall rue the day you taunted me, RUE!
Kuntry musik depresses me. Lol how y'all listen to that shit?
Thanks Brad! :D
more skiing Alyssa ??? :-)
Agreed, but people want that house & yard. The American Dream on a tight budget sometimes means ignoring the landfill next door
Is the Dynex adapter for the laptop also okay 4 cell phones or hair dryer or my husband's shaver?
THANKS so Fn MUCH! you hooked up my friends band and now they are on tour!!!
New wine tastings kicks off today. Pinot time: 2 from CA, 1 from France. If you find the French Pinot you get $2 off! Good Luck.
Thank you to Spring Branch Community Health Center for being a spotlight program in #Houston!
catching some 's early tonight.
I will never again buy a #T3 blow dryer. Mine literally blew sparks and died randomly. Apparently this has been a huge problem
im glad im not the only one. lol I feel lame bc it but oh well.
You should! I'll go with you!
25% of total number of picture books by African-American authors were written by celebrities -- Justin Tuck, Dionne Warwick etc
that's a good way to think :)
eel river!
make me a chicken sandwich and some waffle fries
We'd love to meet you in person next time you're in Seattle! :-)
follow back ? :)
you're a doll ;) thank you!
...thanks for following
love your site. working on my re.vu. question: why isn't M.Ed. or Ed.D. one of the degree choices under "education"?
thank you so much! Sorry for the super late reply
“: ladies, good luck getting your boyfriend to eat, blink, shower or even remember you exist in the next 72 hours... #MW3”
I really like the #Astros lineup tonight.
Fred Steiner, who wrote "Perry Mason" & "Rocky&Bullwinkle" themes, also wrote (uncredited) for "Return of the Jedi". Talk about versatility!
Can we hit 425 likes tonight? If we can, we can do an iPhone game giveaway! I love giveaways so spread the page!
How's your Ipod doing? xD
is PGA national just playing tough or what? Some pretty big numbers so far.
that would be fun!
I'm actually happy to get in the pool today cause its soo hott
yessir! Great idea on the change up. I love the new concept.
hi justin:)....hope you follow back<3
shut up.
Thanks for the follow.. now following back! looking forward to sharing the information.. Have a great day.
#YouCuteAndAllBut you aren't "bad" so stop acting like you're all that.
My new novel has a Mormon semi-albino in it, and I'm still having trouble finding a publisher--what do these people want!?
At the Nets game :)
you haven't won yet? Damn. Remind me to vote later.
Single-use plastic bags are the most littered items in the world. Right up there with cig butts, bottle caps, and styrofoam.
. says major fashion media outlets are the ones truly surprising the tumblr team on creative uses of its platform.
Madonna's not on Twitter? And they're wondering why the new album ain't doin so hot...
nice meeting you today. Looking forward to hearing the podcast w !
The College Park IKEA sees it's very first...?? Watch GMM at 5:30a on to find out!
: The sneaky Google+ trick worked!
Sounds great. We're sure you'll enjoy it. Let us know how it goes!
ikr :) cant wait!
aww i just saw your blog ! and i truly enjoyed your clip on self love gorgeous
aite I got u next time
i love my followers <3
#NBA Adds 2 games to opening day. Now there are 5 games on #Christmas starting at 12PM EST going to 1AM EST, 13 straight hours of ball
And now, thanks to , I am super excited to learn about radio/archive nerd's dream come true! cc:
My Blog name has changed again from: giggling.blogdog.com to giggling-bloglight.com. Come visit soon as I continue to post interesting stuff
Eating a banana 🐒
Happy MLK Jr. Day!
Live TWEET-UP, Friday 4-13 6pm: FREE taste to share thoughts on '09 Cab Franc, $3 Glass, 20% off Bottles, Draw for FREE tix to 1st Concert.
Rugrats was the best show eva
16 more days ❤
time for dessert
Good game every young player should attend a college game!
RT : Hey English Majors ...wondering what to do with your degree? Think social media, content creation, digital marketing
Why do you regret it?
The fact that I remember Newsies that well scares me, the fact I am now humming half the songs is even worse. So thanks for that.
Steve spoke with him one day only to see in the news later John speaking of the same things Steve spoke to him about.
"Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." - Will Rogers. How are you going to keep moving in 2012?
Lol I'm always up late!!
TestDrive: Redesigned VW Beetle tweaked with males in mind - Chicago Tribune
Hacking the Google TV Box Without Rooting It
lmao Um no
Time Iz Money I Need My Money So Dont Waste My Time!
When was the last time that you talked to me? Seriously, I feel like I don't even know you at all.
Good run for the Heat!!
That '58 Les Paul shall be mine!! And then i will shred like Slash :D jk i'll be better than that bc i don't need drugs!
Desk is clean, emails are sorted, notebook is full, January to do list is made...I am ready to leave work and not return until 2012!
See - we are better off making our own! Why pay for something we have add stuff too to make it taste good!
#dhtrial a bit of a surreal experience.
There is a time and place for 4 inch heels and 7:45 am on a hard wood floor is definitely not one of them.
I watched a 7 yr old girl catch 4 fish with a pink Barbie Doll rod and reel this July 4th. She was so happy her first time fishing.
Sure. I'll hold my breath.
How are your 2011 resolutions coming? You've still got time.....
It takes a Judge to figure that out!?!
Thanks Chad. I have lots of ideas and theories, but getting them in place and working is another story! Getting there though.
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
#gcyale : Tech policymakers think of censorship as filtering at the internet gateway level. But China only filters int'l sites.
Haha I'm not sure I was ever really cool. But damn now that I have Vanessa I know what it's like to be happy & feel cool.
of course!;)
we had Anthony Davis Draw the names, Sorry that you dont like that.
such a sick speech
My eyes always hurt so much when I wake up.
go home
“Who answered, Give me a blessing; for thou hast given me a south land; give me also springs of water. And he gave her the upper springs,...
#20ThingsILove Watching politicians raise and spend millions of dollars for failed campaigns.
The weight of contemplating how each of 500 other minds will react to your shared information. Causes people to just not post.
just sent over the pics!!! Check yo email!
My biggest dream would be to have tweet me..if she did I think id prob faint!!! Love u so much kim huge huge huge fan of urs
Thanks for the huge turn out tonight and all the eric church fans!
please follow me i will follow you back promiss
RT : Later this afternoon, workers will put in place a beam that will make One World Trade Center the tallest building in NYC
internships right now. Send over a resume if you're interested.
I swear I read your burning fields Tweet before. Are you recycling Tweets?
RT RT : today is my son's Zion's 9th bday n he is a total D. Wade fan! Would u RT this to m...
Chillin watching Vanessa Simmons new show before the game...
Temple Univ Press authors Marc Bekoff & Leslie Irvine will be at the Boulder Book Benefit Saturday at 30th and Pearl from 10-2. Will you?
I miss you too! You need to come to the allnighter this Friday!
Let me see those hearts burst, RIP Ryan Dunn i always thought u would have the final laugh, sad moment in history
chevy tuned up
sammeee.... I hate when I'm just sitting here... Like can we just leave please?
#newplay saying that relevance culturally is based on saturation that plays rarely achieve. Given that, local relevance better
Today In School Was Kinda Wierd. The Floors Were Wet Because Of The AC, So People Started Falling, Even The Teachers!!
guy in shorts is just preparing for his retirement here in Florida.
There is no greater ally than a teacher, says
Just got done with the math competition. That was the hardest pre calculus test I've ever taken. I only answered 25 out of 40.
I just got one, what took me so long?
I don't want this phone anymore
I feel lonely....
The coverage of the #Giro also has people who get the foreign names right; which is really nice. And the Italian names, natch.
#wssmiami Jody Johnson is Powerfully AWESOME!!!!!!!!!
Oh Esteban, your so dreamy and mysterious.
#FF: wonderful musicians and our lovely clients:
yes!! sweet! and im just gana watch i will prob kill myself if i even atempt to try to dance like chachi ha
Are you going to come and pay the ransom to see the artwork again?
Breathless strip club with my niggas
RT : Yuck. If I want to vote in the primary I have to "affiliate" myself. Blah.
That's right!
3 Greater Madison Chamber members received WI 2012 Trailblazer awards for women in biz...Donna Gray, Marsha Lindsay and Kelly Starr-King.
G'day all!
"Anger has a honeyed barb and poisoned root." #quotes on the seduction & ease of choosing anger.
Shake yo booty. RT TheBarboza: Turnt Up with is going off! FREE dancing until 3AM tonight. Roll through!
what picture ?!?
This fuckin' constant rain is cock blocking me from a bike ride. Bitch.
Facebook comment....Very Funny!
Ready for the weekend
"When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile."
I definitely will be coming by a lot more. The vibe and food at Axum was great!
If they're apartments, why are they so close together?
My personal hero at the NYT, Thomas Friedman. Hell yeah.
yeah that is! I dont know how you do it. Caffine is a drug to me!
Make yourself a prophet tonight
My work computer is making my job impossible. I am very tempted to kick it.
so what's up?? Are you doing anything fun today??
Early call time tomorrow. Oy.
I held the first practice as the coach for my sons T-Ball team today. Nothing makes you more popular to little ball players then bubble gum.
I probably can.
thats what I like to hear. 4 works for me. Il call you in a little bit and dicuss
Haven't played an Assassin's Creed game since the first one. Mohawk Valley seems like a fun setting, but what's with that costume design?
wants to travel The Andes. Our future
what should i eat
sometimes they forget bout that nigga when she run n2 that nigga that knock it out the frame....
Too bad you can't tell that line was Flowmax. Run loops around you,I call it pro laps. "Just do it" all better, nickname is Bo Jax
Aww, thank you Sharon!! :)
Mama's Royal
T-Mac to the rack!
Chilling like a villain!
hesitation in anything= not meant to be :-)
Now juggling 2 jobs, another on the horizon and self funded projects. I am a learning, creative, driven freaky thing :P
dam finally got my twitter back
We <3 you, Service Industry! Half off select microbrews and top shelf! Madness starts at 9!
I'm gonig to on Wednesday!!
How do you manage the #language barrier on Twitter?
This is how it goes. I will respect those who respect me, and forget those who forget me. Simple as that.
ha ha!
Please read my latest post about the School Cave.
that is interesting
What's your favorite random thing to talk about? lol
Oh yes mam I will try my hardest to step up my game #WhatsUpWithThat 
Your options are much better in Chicago than LA. Only 3 interstate lines here.
i just dont understand how someone w that much fame and talent can lose it all.
what a great reason!
I mean 13 days. My iPhone messed up
Just throw it in the bag !!
40 yrs ago, the Yankees sold for 10 mil. The Dodgers just sold for 2 bil. Damn, I KNEW I should've bought a team when I had the chance.
Two men of life in Los Angeles: "splendid isolation" -Igor Stravinsky; "theatrical impermanence" -Christopher Isherwood
I'm following and we love u (:
4 characters from Bridesmaids in a new movie<3333 YES
is everything okay? Carl? Hernia?
LOL! *hiccups loudly afterwards*
I want to be a #Gladiator in a suit.
Thank you!!
don't do this.. I was mad.. I love you.
hahah good luck trying to get them, i bought them.
I LOVE when you ignore my texts. <3 Makes me feel awesome. 👍
It's okay by we always have each other, a few friends it's better then crazy ones<3
Searchign for a STAFF #ACCOUNTANT in #Clearwater send resume to
Tommy's new nickname: The Ground Squirrel Whisperer #Untamed Americas
People can get away with so much bullshit, as long as they say they were trolling. But bitch, we all know you were serious.
New pic,,. And God his smile puts me in a trance<3
“ If I kiss you in public than you mean something !”
great point!
writing my diss chap. about bike lanes as i live in mpls and visit pdx for many weeks. the corniness is not lost on me. #BIKES!
Feel calmer already. Thanks!
Leftover ham biscuit and broccoli casserole for breakfast.
that awkward moment when I didn't get a present...
After fighting Cancer, a messed up back and neck, high blood pressure, and various other health problems... Continued next tweet
Romantic Tip #11: Memorize her favorite poem or song and recite it or sing it during a special moment =p you know what to do ;-)...
listening to The Wiggles + Leo Sayer covering his "You Make Me Feel Like Dancing." Can it get stranger? yes. They do the chorus in Greek!
": Packing, packing, packing. Heading to AZ first thing Thursday." Drive safe, the superfans will c ya down there!
I was privileged to have been at the Sunday performance.
Why must my dog be a simp?
Attending the keynote session tonight at
#mitt2012 #Gop #Romney Sad thing is, THEY think that's being EQUAL!
wow. That make me feel old!! Haha
lol yep cuz that was one of the best episodes
RT : commits to nonprofit cabinet if mayor. Refuses to meet with environmental nonprofits as councilmember
Choices ARE endless... BE CHOOSEY!!!
Who's ready for BlueMonster merch?
Happy Valentines to the #cbias community! :-)
sexiest TIMES INFINITY TIMES INFINITY TO THE POWER OF Q SEXIER THEN ME
well then: anger anger anger mayo mayo mayo pants pants pants aghghhhhhh!
The Don highly recommends reading this article. That's right, you can actually glean some good ideas from his, um, "style" of leadership...
Have u done similar rundown of older classics? All About Eve etc? Would love to see that. (Did see Best Supporting Actress)
which stage play did u see? I hope you respond this time cause uh...you be MIA on me tho....lol
Like this: Scene1: char desire articulated. Scene2: char takes action to achieve desire. -Ellen Pollack #muse2012 RT
Thats why i be On twitter all day
Interesting. RT Close Caps-Bruins was highest rated NHL series in Comcast SportsNet history.
Eric Thomas "Secrets to Success"
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: disabled vehicle Southbound I35 at Woodward on the service road
Celebrating 's and 's new #DCjobs at tonight with 's Super #Supper at by !
God never said I couldn't get naked pictures of girls ;)
Or is he, or anybody. No one I already had, now I only need it.
Watching new girl, love this show(:
Michael Steele spotted at Bob McDonnell inagural ceremony.
You are the epitome of hypocrisy.
a playoff is just going to make it more argumentative because it's 120 teams decided by subjectivity not 32 on the red zone
Cloud Browse now has in-app purchase available for unlimited subscription upgrades!
Three night sounds of New Orleans: steel beams clanging near the river; elaborate songs of mockingbirds; helicopters chopping sticky air.
will y'all still be there in a half hour?
Mega motorcade delaying my bus. Upside: lots of motorcycles, which are always cool.
Feel like doing a message series on John 15... so rich and powerful! "Oh, to have fruit that remains!!!"
You Wana Go Over There Around 11-12am? Or You Wana Go Earlier?
great pace so far in the
Hoosiers beat Illinois and Purdue by double figures. The world is right again (well at least my little piece of the sports world)
PLS RT!! Monster Truck show @ Lazy E Arena in Guthrie, January 7th & 8th! Come see a great show! For more info. visit lazye.com
about to watch 21 jump street again :}}}
#sentimental...;( guess i'll just always be this way
India&#39;s champion boxing mum eyes Olympic gold
#FYCchat I consider teaching of any sort (incl. parenting) useful in all ped. environments. ESL especially.
Mr. Potatohead rules French fry menus customed cut, crisped, sauced just4u; mix-in masher menus aka SF's Jasper's Corner Tap & Kitchen
Had my first chorizo tonight. Awesome! Spicy goodness that makes up for a crummy day.
Really feeling better after my shitty day.
It must be hard to be that finee ~
..most likely
i need more followers
Grouposts is launching soon... We're currently looking for group suggestions and content developers... send us a message if interested!
So anxious to get today started!! Gonna find something fun yet fulfilling to do!! I'll follow that up with a healthy dinner. Life is good :)
It's finally #EarthMonth! let's celebrate!!
if you could come into the studio I am thinking 7:15...if you can only do the phone...7:45.
RT This Monday show world u support free information & lifelong learning. www.savethelibrary.org.
#ThatFeelingYouGet when you talk to someone you like:)
Our mentions are so dry! Someone spam us,please!-Kelly
i wanted to tan... Stupid rain
twitvid.com/CGZPN - Cheap & Yummy! Dine out and save with on NBC San Diego @ 11 Tonight VIDEO
Awesome job Alexandria on the results!
or a taco either or would be great
thanks RT : Just did a custom yoga session and it's found by a friend's friend!
love my coffee!
Fucking Apple Man
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOUNG LADY!!! DO SOMETHING EXTRA SPECIAL TODAY! IT'S ASHLEY'S DAY! XX
Well, looks like I'll be in year-long school.. Summer classes here I come.
.. RT : lmao im not a fan so im good if he don't respond... on the other hand..shit would make my day!
Kobe gotta shit so bad lol
"Klout believes you are influential about Bacon." YEAH!!
But it's not a good nor bad role. I mean you are victimized but that's about it.
Thank you for thinking of me. I have followed the light & shared in its brilliance w/ many friends & it has led me back home.
haha! Nice! Sounds pretty hardcore :)
Sorry—still too spendy for me right now…
I want to go out tommorow
Refs getting Cuse back into the game. Typical Boeheim. See 1st round.
Congrats on the deserving Grammy. Great show this year at Caramoor.
Do Bunac! Then get a bunch of your new friends together and come on a Go Trek USA camping trip of your lifetime when its over!
Lundvquist (sp?) is singlehandedly keeping the Rags in this
The nasty bits or prime steak? RT : Anyone out there want to help us build a website? We can pay in meat...
thanks for the follow track star! :)
Meijers understands my family craziness. This store doesnt .
Chillin at 's house. Didn't want to be home. LOL.
that's a great way to keep them involved. Do they give any feedback?
So I can't stop thinking about my crush...:T T-------- can't wait to see him again!:)
busy babe just got off work
yes(: he's absolutely perfect for me(;
And the rains came, from the picture with the same name.
I hope to be back on track with my drawings this weekend.
i have No idea
hahahahahahahaha... yep!!! Life is good!!! Lol
Grad school will be a blessing regardless of the cost. It'll give me something to focus on when there's downtime at work.
here in the sun theres only 15 minutes of fun.
My entire timeline in Facebook are pictures of newborn babies!! Everyones got the #babyfever 👶
nice RT "2 + 2 = 0". Seriously though, isn't this the second time this has happened this year?
you coming over?
Mrs. Roadside actually spent a summer working there. :-) Haven't been there in forever though.
thanks boo! come on through!!!
Have a great Friday the 13th all! WauHaHa
Sometimes other people's problems help put our own in perspective. Hurtful to think.
Yo mamma is so black she went to night school and got marked absent.
Come taste phenomenal bread .... Today it's perfect , warm ,crunchy ...And iIt's smell like heaven
"Ain't no sex like that "we ain't fucked in a while" sex."
Some people have way too much spare time...
beer, burritos, and baseball with my love he's back :)
Jordan high heels
Thanks Bryna. I'll miss you too! Have a great time!
Told it was a 3.9 #earthquake that started west of #SanJuanCapistrano (Very close to #LagunaBeach). Not clear how far it stretched.
maybe don't open with that. just say "hey there"..?
am 13 and ppl say i look like a cute and pretty 10 year old :( but they say am cute and pretty :)
Hey, #j202 a panelist at the event just said math/stats critical. Woot!
Twitter is being stupid.
there we go!!!
why is that number still texting my phone? -.-
YES sir!!!
It is not in the pursuit of happiness that we find fulfillment, it is in the happiness of pursuit. -Denis Waitley
We've got EVERYTHING you need to crank up the Bar-B!!! New Lodge Cast Iron, New BBQ tools! Stop on by!
I love twitter hah.
I'm so gonna have you do some Skype singin' power for one of my birthdays.
Was at the driving range in Riverview the other day & heard a lady say "The methane smell is really bad today."
haven't heard that in forever !
I just saw #gas for $3.79/gal in Madison. I paid $4.11 just this week. WTF?!
The "gap" and subsequent knowledge to address the gap in the stickiness article reminds me of Dervin's Sensemaking model.
hey umm my mom is gunna drv us tomorrow
Your hair is fucking beautiful, Sarah.
GET IT GURRRL
I really don't like you. RT The phrase "opposites attract" does not apply here RT WHY AM I A WEIRDO MAGNET?!
Do you think Seahawks are in the running for Flynn at all?
Come on dude. Come on.
do they archive those interviews somewhere? I just missed it!
Bout To Watch Tv & Stretch My Leg Out .
Correction, the sound of a black woman with a British accent is hypnotic
Didn't know JC had Twit act RT Close to 12k followers with Gods will can reach that today be with me Jesus if its your will
Ugh... Just ugh... Can all of existence just be over yet?
Thank you! My most international birthday ever!
Who else feels like a retard when you bump into an object then say sorry to it?
salad consumed, doctors orders.
looking slim
netflix wii disc arrived today... nice to not have to deal with cords to hook up macbook to TV anymore
. I knew you'd have my back, Rebecca. I just knew. The next time you are in Louisville, I'll buy you a Coke.
I had such high hopes for today, too...
1909- Mary #Pickford, the first #Movie Star, goes in front of a camera for the first time
nit a goid day tweetibg the mist random crap oh, well YOLO(:
Can water be monstrous? asks Italian artist Silvia Rigon at UCLA's 4th State of the Water Symposium
Bridesmaids was hilarious. #your review was wrong
Great story!
#christine here :))
#NowPlaying: "Something To Change Me", by
Fister working on a No No through 6IP
Oh, dance studio? ;-)
Erving Walker stole a $3 taco. Now, he has to pay a $301 fine. That's an opportunity cost of 100 tacos.
My latest fantasy involves a team of high-powered executives, a gang-bang, with the goal of pregnancy.
#ipb2012 thanks again to all who attended in person, followed the live webcast, or followed on twitter; the 's first ever symposium
. Xylophone - xilofono , Zimbabwe - Zimbabwe .
No, there's no excuse to make this a race issue. Especially by people who would normally be the first to cry racism.
The Heat Smackin the Knicks lol and Baron Davis said they finna sweep the series lmfao wuta load of crap.
Not til July. I want to see you speak in Austin, if I can swing it! :)
God morning ☀ “: Good Morning my friend!”
This doesn't look like year. Hope he gets it turned around.
People keep talking about whether it's overrated, but the kids in this NBA Draft class might have more character than any I've ever seen
If all else fails show them the movie American Pie, first one, pretty much covers it, it will have lots of pauses with ?'s.
iPhone vs. Android- Im not hyped about one over the other. Neither company has cut me check, lol. some of yall goin hard like theyre payin
it comes natural
I say 28 minutes...he's gonna want some payback for last time
Another day, another 200 cake pops. Totally bringing the extra cake pops to the market. Hope people like chocolate chip.
A sophisticated rhetorician, inebriated with the exuberance of his own verbosity. ~ Benjamin Disraeli
Wealth, if you use it, comes to an end; learning, if you use it, increases. ~Swahili saying
Sorry my fault but you look good don't worry about that eating thingy
Staying in tonight with a date w a bottle of vino, and the history channel streamed on Netflix.... couldn't b happier!
#11 I was hoping that was going to be your cinderella moment.
One stop shop for your general contracting needs - real estate, design, and construction. Give us a call today. (505) 379-2763
Lets feed them hungry in Detroit baby! Yeah not sure what to say. I'm just trying to spread the word about Feed The D. Share please!
I'm officially a Beileber! :) love you (I love Jelena) <3
Just saw a pigeon fly by with a bagel in its mouth. If the bird got it from Kenny & Zuke's, I'm so jealous.
I booked one of my favorite celebrity actors on my radio show, Jim Dreaver (Bobby Singer on Supernatural) for Sunday, Feb 13 at 5:00 PM.
#FF , the El Paso Times' Chris Roberts, for military and #TX16 coverage. I'm jealous I didn't come up w/ the handle.
and follow my personal account but I waanna get CT tixits too!&i have sec 6 for comcast centre
Sicky poo! Waiting to go to the DR and not looking forward to having to speak to my boss. I'm getting written up for missing work today.
Hey, the #orioles will still be in first.
Thankful for my Father God in times like these.
Nah I think I bout to go sleep. The longer I stay up deh hungrier I getting.
Got advice on how to create added value for the company & further my intellectual talents and interests. Will definitely take this to heart!
RT : Follow this #MKETWEEP: : Linking Buisness Incubators & Accelerators on a global scale. Our site is...
do you mean to say they have phony, expensive, degree programs that focus on leftist ideology? My surprised face :-0 ,)
TGIF Chicago! Join us this weekend DM us for party packages & bottle specials!
you've got that one thing!
you want me to leave :(
Laundry. Beer. The Weary Boys. Saturday.
my head hurts. make it stop!
Being considered for a show on ABC please pray!!! thanx friends and fans!
Just did week 5, day 2 of !
MT Paul Dickson, veteran baseball writer, at 5pm to discuss his new book BILL VEECK: BASEBALL’S GREATEST MAVERICK
RT : Q2 We are about 45 days into the new year, how are your running goals for 2011? What are you working on?
me too n it still works! well for my dad haha
I wish i had a smoking buddy. O well... Ill be back after Im done.
I'm eating Runners. This is my breakfast.
Try refreshing your browser to see if you can get the chat to appear. Let me know how that goes
Economics should accompany the "Social Studies" curriculum in grade school. Our kids grow up with no clue of how capitalism works. Shameful.
Goodnight to the people in china
RT Learning and growing as a person should never stop...being well rounded comes from experiences and being open minded
Success speaks louder than words... Move in silence and let your actions do the talking...
WE SO EXCITED RT Hey, #GWU! There are only FOUR DAYS left until Spring Fling! Who's pumped?
So...how did everyone like yesterday's auction? Who's coming by today??
Yeah me too I'm biggest fan #4FrenchFans :)
loving the spongeBob pic! As the cats (imagine our fat cat Wellington) in those posters say "hang in there".
yo..u been to that party Freedom? used to be at starfood in the city? you look mad familiar..
you're welcome and you're cute :$
": It's April 17th! I hope everyone remembered to file their R2D2s." Haha not yet think we owe bigtime! :(
Don't you wish subway would deliver?
We'll have to be. It's nice to see #Seattle construction back on track.
Open today from 2pm-8pm! PAM is a great place to study (and checking out free movies isn't too bad either!)
#TerrificThursday have a great day boys!
cool sounds like fun
hahaha yes exactly!
Playing in Lincoln, NE tonight with #JNGtour. Come out to the Zoo Bar if you wanna see some hip-pop-jazz!
“People with no morals often considered themselves more free, but mostly they lacked the ability to feel or love.” - Bukowski
NMX's regular monthly board meeting has been moved from tonight to NEXT TUESDAY, May 3 at 6 pm at Warehouse 508, 508 First St. NW.
i'm such a jealous girl,
even me? :O
"It's like, sad and stuff you're not a millionaire's son? Or whatever? But I'm gonna like, rock out? Y'know?"
Gary vitti looks like Bruce Willis
the lake show right now >
Flames still shooting out of third floor windows at Capitol Hill Apts. fire started @ 5am
I didn't get it
stupid fab man, I had cuse then changed it up cuz of him but for real I hate mizzou right now
haha I would.record that everytime it was on(: and I would watch it when I got bored which was all the time(:
Vegan Goods at HEB « veggie angie
Love, I thought you had my back!
Jay Beagle broke his foot in Game 5, according to GMGM.
Ah yes..of course. Thanks.
#Celtics fans know their shit, know the GAME. Miami fans know free tee shirts and not much else except trendiness.
#SignsYouLostAFight even one of YOUR friends screams out "YOU JUST GOT KNOCKED THE FUQQ OUT!"
Thank you all for the support last night as Dwayne!!! group beat 17-week champs in Thunderdome! We'll keep it movin'.
Is everybody standing and clapping for the proposal of a Veterans Job Corps?
hello! We are a big Fan of Bill Bradley's as he helped create the concept of !
Justice for Justice: Reward swells in Texas animal cruelty case
My week is slowly coming to that calm and peaceful end I need.
I wish I had wings on my back!
Stoked for the show tonight were going to kill columbus!!!
Congrats to Dennis B. from Texas for being the 1st winner in the NHL Facebook Fan Challenge! Trip to 2011 NHL All-Star!
gods good!!!
Why did my twitter go all fucked up-ish. !? D:<
Looked like Anus steak at first glance. Thought DD went AA style! HA
Having a Posh dinner at Hapa Sushi in Cherry Creek North!
I'm not gonna lie, these Yo Gabba Gabba songs be on point!
I see and i are thinking alike
Putting in a new order for shirts day!
Raleigh today through Wednesday
They did *last* year... ? You're asking for logic here, and that's not in play, I think.
ok accept my married request on bookface so wen can i ask u out
Fantasy Baseball Rankings 2012: 5 Early Pickups to Save Your Failing Season
How do U not get a headache from trying to remember all your policy position flip-flops?
might just be OVERKILL!
Chip Kelly leaving the #OregonDucks for the #NFL? Will the read-option play in the pros?
"Can you feel the Lau tonight"
everybody hates me and nobody misses me, GUESS I'LL GO EAT WORMS
Debbie Wasserman Schultz may have gotten rid of her curls, but she's still got the same old spin.
have fun!! Love Captiva!!
oink-oink!
"Where words fail, music speaks." – Hans Christian Andersen
I'm glad someone has their priorities straight.
you bet! You? How are ya?
loving all your baseball tweets cuz. I might just let you on this bandwagon after all.
Amazing show last night! Great crowd full of friends, strangers, family, and more so thank you for a great night! Off to the Nyack Theater!
Twitter 14-day Fast time, here I go! =] ERJ was powerful & 4 more days til im off to UCF for Winter Jam 2012! =) #Excited&Blessed
my Japanese boss offered me a position to run his new manga/anime gallery when it opens in Spring ;) I've been working on more art
Never pass up an opportunity to give a compliment.
And now to watch something else. Anything else. A DVD of Partridge Family episodes seems like a good idea at this point.
Omw to my Friend's Mom's funeral in which one of her final requests was for me to sing. I'm so honored but really sad. Hope I get through.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY love you so much and hope you have an awesome day!!! :)
I really need to stop wandering the house naked. e__e
oh I have millions!!!
J to the Star to the R
Love benchmarking news in other markets. Proud to see that ABC7 CLEARLY demonstrates excellence in market 1, NYC.
And in other news... have you looked at #art beyond the glossy pages today?
Lol RT“: DONE!!!At least Dick Clark wasn't afraid of the dentist!!!”
"I pitched like shit." Josh Beckett
Be a whistleblower for peace
so we bought some bread from the farmer's market and the no. 1 ingredient is #carrot. Can you help explain this?
“: OMG, Rihanna on SNL...sadness!” why sad? She sucked?
Full set of eyelash extensions AND FREE fill only $185 Seattle/Bellevue (425) 643-5772 www.AdvancedSkinanddBodySolutions.com
Feel free to join my world in Minecraft. XBL: PikminGuts92
MO' MONEY MO' BOTTOMS
Nice thing about runway pract at home is you can rock sweets/crop tops with your heels fierce and comfy! Pract for nasvhille tommorrow!
I want to save you girl, come be in Shady's world.
This taco is cold in the middle. :(
I checked it out He's pretty good ! make sure yall check me out in returnn .
"The next is preventing sequel-itis" –K.Feige, President of Marvel Studios. The next is Iron Man 3, Thor 2 and Captain America 2. Good luck.
You watching Transformers?
I just sent you a FB message.
Thinking of my #Givebig this morning!
lol. She probably IS actually my intern, not just CLAIMING ;) what were you over there for?!?
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us – Ralph Waldo Emerson
Madison has a huge block party where 20k drunk UW kids show up today. It's also Cinco de Mayo. Staying clear of downtown today lol
Pissed off. It is obviously gonna hurt if you smack someone with a shank bone. Bitch.
If you talk shit about them to me, I wonder what you say about me to them.
Game day ... Go #Blazers!
tea!? are you from the uk? :x
Epicor announces Cloud Computing solution for distributors
can't see his pic
The NFL makes every event a big deal! Marketing department is legit!
Heading to Greater Seattle Chamber, Restaurant After Hours tonight at the aquarium. Many restaurants+great food+one venue=happy Luke
Starting the "how would it look in court" session with #shrmatl12 Answer: how good is your lawyer... I strenuously object!!!
C'mon Jr pitch the ball !
It wouldn't have gotten done today otherwise. Yay rage!
I wish i had a crew to audition with. But i cant wait to see who makes it
RT : In your community, do u see issue w/ educating boys? We're exploring question w Daniel Brenner at iChallenge
America should take over Mexico & make it 51 coz they can't control their people and make a Free land for them to live & work
Honor Society Trip was sosososo fun w. , Marc, Nick, Olivia, Aneesah, & others ;*
y'alls voices give me chills. <3
Ben Thompson is a sex machine.
and we're back!
In Nevada City for 2 days, 80 degrees out, I packed no t-shirts.
that is definetly going to happen. very soon!
“: No regrets, just lessons learned.” favorite quote thanks nick peel
Who gon stop me
I fail to see how that's a bad thing.
Confused ;) ": HR doesn't trust IT to run IT for HR? Well IT should't trust HR to run HR for IT..."
The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated. ~William James
Often, a school is your best bet-perhaps not for education but ceainly for protection from an undead attack. - Max Brooks
Omg I was legit fangirling like im shaking lol
thanks! i will try it
It's true. tho we don't have a "line" that all members must follow. we do, certainly, have an interpretive framework
I love #GuyCode so much.
Agree! Daughter came home today, kids teased her on bus, asked what happened why? Response: because I'm Michelle but Im normal! :-)
Ugh, I'm missing the #KCAs -.-
Then, in that larger liberal Dem majority, the Progressive Dems usually vote against those bills that are not perfect. But, if all..
thx Eric, glad to connect. I work with Jodee. Drop me note , 415-726-3036
Grog: A rum-based bvrg mixed w/ water, juice & sugar. At military functions, grog is traditionally served in a toilet bowl
Mackay "Scaled's philosophy is that simplicity equates to safety"
So thankful for everyone who bought tickets to this year's , thus allowing us to make a donation to Thank you!!!
Happy Mothers Day to all you Mama's! Especially ! Such a relaxing Sunday!
Thanks! We're off to London for Future of Web Design next week, but stay tuned for all that and more.
An awesome 12-week semi-personal fitness training program ! RT : What's a 'Lean Jeans' training session?
Stayed at 44, but I read the higher number you are the harder it is to move up
I dont get FSN here in rehab for a paralyzed leg. Was this for his MVP? I have 8 more days til I can see a game & catch up!
Heyy follow my account and I'll follow u back!! ~H
bullets to your heart
You know it! New episodes of and Supah Ninjas tonight on PM EST!
The deadline for this mentoring program is March 15th!
L.A. Kings won!
I graciously accept that invitation and now, expectedly, will go listen to my favorite YouTube video of all time. Guess what it is.
Merry Christmas everyone! I like pancakes.
While I'm thrilled the #giants won, I'm bummed that my #packers have to face them next week. Will be a great game though!
The internet is a great place for civil discourse & resolution. (wink emoticon denoting sarcasm)
the lower the shirt, the better the view! Kidding girl no offense but ure hot
You always have that one holier than thou mf on your tl..
You have to take the Lock off of it. They used to let you do it anyway, changed it though. :-(
Tryin to find some DAMN charts online!!! Uuufff!!
Yes,hopefully we will <3
you didn't make the cup race maybe you and your team should go back to nationwide because you run good and finish in top 15
are you here yet?
Keep the dream alive!
Some people lose a hand like that and don't have the sack to ante up again...#goingallin ,and really
i got a bruise! U got me good morning!
oh really, when can i find out for myself, from you??
Sounds like you need a drink.
I like what Ford brings to the team from the slot. DHB has been getting better, but still not No. 7 pick worthy
#S/O #Salute to #ALL my
At the airport w/ no sleep
#februarywish please find me an artist that has a "take over the world" attitude
congrats, Evan, making finalists for an IACP award!
i luv u on step up! Can't wait till vow gonna c it w/ BF!! Ah
me either!
happy birthday, even though you're not in EST!
D-Will taking this on his shoulders. K-Humph surprisingly well-rounded game, so far. As known, intro music was thoroughly rugged.
I love you. Don Draper, you're everything I'd hope you'd be..
Traditional CRM is sales driven, social CRM is conversation and sales are a by-product
RT RT I have a friend who only has One Toe and One Knee ....we call him Tony
VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!! VEGAS!!!!
Google+ experience with #gsocial has been so informational thanks guys
: Truth! Both!
what are you laughing for?
Hippies, communists and lesbians at 2pm. Twins, amputees and zebras at 3pm. Make it a double feature.
Vegetarian and proud
good vibes man
i ty 4 letting m n ur tweet world love u much stay strong we all support you
lol kuz I'm new and they were the only open shifts..I juss watch movies n eat lol
I Think Nas And Nicki Would Be A Cute Couple If They Really Talked. . .
"Hey bro! You wanna go church-hopping?! They're handing out baby shots!!" - my friend who doesn't understand communion.
I was afraid it was something like that. Thanks for posting it though!
You the type you aint hard I send a nigga on a mission to god that's the truth
hilarious Pumpkin Booty Man
Thanks so much! Have a fab weekend!
Damn.... my first burger in a week and a half. Now I'm sleepy!
Great social media lesson by She had a PowerPoint and everything. And, like a good teacher, she quit before my brain exploded.
#SouthernMiss claims the C-USA title, defeating Houston 49-28. Congrats to both teams on great seasons!!
Pray for the Hubbard's, no one deserves to go through that.. </3
Whew. Gotta work on my tolerance for mau-mauing.
I think you mean "fuck yeah!"
Ladies follow these fools. Your personal stool
You like what you're hearing?
The effectiveness of online college education cannot be unclear. The statistics divulge that these students perform way better in life
Looking for a job in Cinci? Contact me for details about a PR Associate position with a global company based in Mason!
#INK MASTER OR #BEST INK ????? #TEAMTATTOOS ALL DAY EVERYDAY THERE IS NO MORE TO SAY... ;-0
it was a pleasure working with you! See you next time you're in Chicago! Soon!!!!! <3
Love you too !!!
Confederacy of Dunces - great book! Lucky Dogs, I believe are the meats Ingnatious Reilly is selling - er, eating.
you are the cheese to my macaroni ♥ Happy Valentine's Day!
Jazz the cause of all these arguments !!
grant park at the fountain
Season 1 is on netflix! It's so good...
I can't see Nash going to New York. The Knicks are not contenders they only won 3 more games than the Suns...
Sorry to hear that.....will DM what the basics of the problem were......
"Strength is a matter of a made up mind"... Decide and conquer :)
your arms look fat in your picture.
Snell...long, athletic swingman who locks up, stretches the floor, and is unselfish. Gordon...true alpha dog big. Tough tough tandem.
awesome! How's the music section coming along?
www.myspace.com/bentutensil acoustic covers of A Perfect Circle songs. revised, revisited and recycled with love. come say hey.
Can I ball cus I belong n a gym
Really? What are they doing?
Do the #Kings have like 9 men on the ice? #Wherearetheredsweaters?
I love seeing that a gained a follower
Hi Emma - Good luck with your tour.
Wants a shoutout? Mention me (; And please help me get more followers(;
Oikos is the BEST Greek yogurt! Currently enjoying a Strawberry one
It was available on live feed though online
was it a bad rendition of amazing grace? If so, that's my specialty. Ha!
Its time to pull the plug.
So, not only is my birthday on a MONDAY, but a lot of my kids are going to Six Flags on a field trip that day!
Those who jump off a Paris bridge are in Seine.
The right way to do baskin Robbins. Rainbow sherbet + rainbow sprinkles = perfection
Congrats to Brandon Duff (Chicago office) who closed a $2M Burger King in Florida this week!
And I couldn't figure out how to open my freakin locker. But other then that, it was great!
She's like "f it". Ive done all I can do. All that's left is to cover this shit show with a blanket
Just signed my first reappointment paperwork! I'll be at IPFW for at least the next 18 months; couldn't be happier.
there can definitely be something both queer and anarchistic about navigating this city as a pedestrian.
we will try and give you some love, hows the radio treating you these days?
Agreed! - RT : Friends don't let friends use Comic Sans.
It's Wednesday, time for a change up right? What is your least favorite muscle to work, but you do it anyway?
I got hit on once at the free clinic. That was wrong and creepy on every level.
only charity I ever give money to is the one that's trying to figure out how to make dimes march....0_^
S/O to the summer is ours...
thanks! Just gotta keep pushing
I will play with you for 24 hours.
I have a feeling your sis could help you out. (but I recommend the opposite of her opinion) :)
#everygirl should get head at least once in their life... If they do nothing else
ugh its Wednesday not looking forwards to the crowded Metro with all the Laker fans that called in sick so they could party in the streets
UGH,really need more followers on tumblr . any tumblrs i should follow that follow back ??
"Ain't no rest when you're partying...." Dumb Sh*t I've said
Church is always dope especially when its something you need to hear
good start to the meet this morning!
Come get one of our exotic burgers, the Japanese Style Fish Cake today before I eat them all for myself!
we're going to be in NV so very soon! :) Can't wait to see ya!
Yep, living our lives in public. Embrace it, but mind the store& keep track of your privacy settings
Joggers live longer; drug shortages ease; skinny models out - USA TODAY
Great BBQ dinner w/ a diverse group of friends. Thanks & for hosting us!
In the last five years, we've read thousands of kids' books, include many award-winners. Few are a delight to read aloud.
when do gesture drawings gesture towards a changed life?
I think my cabbie is mad I'm making him go to Astoria - he spoke to another cabbie said something about Astoria and pointed at me
I need a job
Should I text #oomf? Hm lol
Blackberry Mimosa and NW Eggs Benedict.... Happy Sunday to me!!
I wish you cared as much as i did!
thanks you got some killer designs!
#class by bolton
Watching Celebrity Apprentice . is a class act.
im so glad 2 b back on twitter!:)
The charge call: making subpar defenders relevant
Fight for your right to PARTY!!!
Referring to my last tweet, if I get this job, maybe it won't happen anymore.
yay! When are you guys thinking of driving up?
New Wisconsin uniforms=epic failure. Really, is that the best they could do? Bielema says they're "subtle." I'd say so Brett.
Oh my god, Utah is up by 30. LMAO. Our Wildcat is serious.
Hey, you know fashion, so I'll do it. Call me Neckbeard the Urban Outfitters Pirate
makin music witih
Lil Trayvon ima see you in the clouds,until my time comes you and God hold it down
Touchdown Pittsburgh.
Many thanks Josh and BITW for your acknowledgement and support of my new CD!
I am so jealous!
Yes, busy, but fun! What's ur plan for today?
Cut your hair Tom Brady... You look like a female and whine like one too
Mellow and cool as morning sunshine
woah the guitarist from a band I follow just had the exact same tweet word for word one minute after you did
when I went to ceasars palace last week I went up to the front desk & asked if ceasar lived there all because of that line<3
SAT word of the day: burnish (v.) to polish, shine
Ha! Great advice.
thanks for the mention on the latest episode!
I haven't seen in like two days. :'(
Word up !hay!
Imyt! Hope all is well :)
As I wake this morn. My beloved #Orioles have the best record in Baseball.
How do you truly repay for damage from the Gulf Spill? Among numerous problems, as a brand, BP is in very deep trouble.
You bet
RT : Is 2:30's "Literary ARG" covered by Games & Lit session? Who wants to attend vs. play a game in 1100? #THATCamp Games
happy St. Patricks Day!
friendship dont run on gas money !
Anytime! Thanks for the interview! We had fun :)
RT 3 Ways In Which You Can Optimize The Use Of Bodyweight Exercise RATE_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
Well, I love rusty spoons. :)
free yoga for veterans tonight at charm city yoga in towson via Semper Fidelis Health and Wellness
Hope your week rocks thanks all:)
Queen of Queens :)
I LOVE America!!
EX means:- thanks for the EXperience….our time has EXpired…..now EXit my life.
what did you do and you have a cute dog.
Hope God intervenes in Greece crisis.
Can't wait to share my interview with with #Rizzles! Sasha's always so sweet, we got some amazing #RizzoliandIsles scoop!
Someone should tweet me!!!
#WinCityWalk ah I really want to win!!!!!!!! I hope I do. Omg.
Back to back!
I use Dropbox and Box a lot so I don't notice it too much.
: says housing doesn't matter if people don't have jobs. Stresses controlling SD cost of living. I have to agree.
Don't matter how hard I try.. I get the bottom barrel. Its a wrap.
Always good to know people.
Putting the team on his back
I've got a green blazer. We will find each other.
amber! Did you get the iphone?!?
Friday night we're playing the Next Cool Event in Atlanta with the full band - 11:00 p.m.
Had an amazing time tonight with !! Thank you boys :)
I hate having braces
can you help out the USO of Wisconsin with an autographed item for a charity event coming up in the next few months.
Wow. Crayons or paint? :) RT : Colourful brainstorming/creation of my ideal career.
Watched last weeks #Parenthood. The boyfriend getting arrested for punching some dude at a high school house party is a bs situation.
Nice views of Jupiter near the moon and Uranus to the west this evening. Amazing, king Jupiter looks small by comparison due to distance.
thx Jeff, for the shout out.
Not sorry!! Wish I liked tea actually.
oh! that'll be awesome! can't wait to see it ;) what are your dates? would love to grab a drink!
Got my 4 entries for comp bottled up tonight and ready to go.
Agreed. I believe there's been a long range plan for GLBT equality all along. This wasn't a completely unplanned "slip"
Peace is not possible until we clear ourselves of our own agitations and wars inside the self. For this we have meditation.
Is funding for your staffing company becoming harder to secure? Our listed vendors can help. W.staffingmarketplace.com then Click vendors
umm you work with me so its only when Im off
So excited that I will be meeting , from Shark Tank, when I cruise on the new Disney Fantasy cruise ship in just a month!!
its finally spring break!
Yup fighting words...
hahahahaha Yes you did
Most sociopaths are charismatic, but Mitt might be the exception to the rule.
Gonna hop in the shower brb :))
Thank you Alan for clicking on MaryAnnetWint.
Everyone please follow , an amazing app that will help prevent car accidents related to distracted driving!!!
We have the fashion panel, all dressed in black...really!!!
Christina's breasts can not be as big or obnoxious as you make them out to be. Now I have to watch this show just to see for myself
Its too nice outside black ppl bout to act a fool lol
So today I miss my Grandma so much ,
Lights with guide you home, and ignite your bones, and I will try to fix you.
#showcalves in barn, livestock fed, dogs napping, headed to last Christmas celebration.
I would try, but Will's beard is so persistent.
LMAO why would he tweet some shit like that smh
♪ Constantly looping in my head now thanks to my iPhone ♪ Smooth Criminal by Alien Ant Farm
My #engineer husband is happy about all the #construction stuff being said.
Appreciate it bro!
Yes sir, I must say I am enjoying the Pacific eateries.
Sad to learn about the passing of Gary Speed - so senseless.
How about ability to get real-time arrival times on your mobile web site? Text messages are too expensive these days.
RT : Great news for soccer fans in Baltimore. #EPL giants Tottenham & Liverpool will play at M&T Bank Stadium on July 28 at 1 pm.
haha I thought my mom and I were they only ones!
#HappyHour get on my level hoe
I wonder, in the 20's, what would've been equivalent to getting arrested shirtless, in ill-fitting shorts?
People tend to disappear.
opening at 10 today but closing at 5. Hurry! Your babies need their Thanksgiving treats too! Happy Gobble Day!
Cry as much as you want to, but just make sure when your finished, you never cry for the same reason.
RT : "A champion needs in his attitude a motivation above and beyond winning." ~ Pat Riley
#BestLeapEver is trending worldwide lol. Way to go
omfg kill me
Crib Finder: NYC Rental Guide Magazine will be inserted in the New York Post on Thursday 4/19 and the Wall Street Journal Friday 4/20.
It will be funny if I give up like in a week LOL
Headed 2 the gym...its my 1st day back N uh while, this is gonna hurt
Someday I am going to walk into a Carrabba's Italian Grill, flash my ID & say, "my family owns the place." Chianti for everyone!
Great presentation from at the event today. Makes me really want to attend Content Marketing World.
"I'm shot, motherfucking oven mitts."
Put the tall dudes in aka
tomorrows my birthday and it would be awesome if u followed me? #Believe <333
We'd love to have you bring some Maine/cove-inspired Cleanweb enthusiasm & project ideas to May 4-6!
Nice! Thirst quencher RT :
I got bored and I made a second twitter account. Lol :)
I'm starting to wonder if Ian's didn't colossally fuck up by letting this happen. Zero brand protection.
Great question. Depends on the company defines "CM." Is it support/issue resolution or community growth strategy?
Hi Seth - were you able to check out the hobby hoarder site ?
if you email me your queries, I can look into it. emile(at)simplegeo(dot)com
How much are you spending on Kenny?
thank you for following me. U r now a TRUE "PAKALITE!!!"
multi colored diamonds got your girlfriend kinda curious
I was advised by a professor not to do that because Id never get hired as a professor. Why u ask? My study would show left wing biased media
Not bad at all.
Pretend it does not hurt, it hurts twice as much...
"#LOVE is all we need."
I abandoned Facebook. My Klout score is at its lowest, but my productivity is up and SERP positions are climbing. Twitter -- you're ne-X-t!
Dreadheads that play basketball or football >>>>
There is just something about a man working on a car. All greasy.... Heehee
This Friday I will be at Governors Comedy Club at 10!!!
Classy Manhattan stripper lap dancer kickin it tonight! A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you.
Just got a banging new phone. Samsung Epic 4g Touch.
I don't think this team cares about winning. It's amazing how many games they just seem to fall flat on. Ugh.
Awesome on The Voice.
I have never been asked to intervene on someone who only does marijuana.
Why do we hurt each other, why do we push love away?
Yes, always many raging activities at
Ok! Time to pick my bracket #Syracuse... lol big $$ riding on this, it's a $7.00 buy-in ;).
reading the comments is just so much fun.
excuse you I've played soccer for 7 years are you calling me a fairy! And what do you know you play on grass too lmao
neatly bizarre. naw, it's cool, for real.
My dad is making me watch this channel that talks about the history of cinco de mayo -_-
RT : So did Nick Cage take a look at Charlie Sheen and say to himself "Hey, I wanna be #winning too?". // Good one!
join the club.
He knows nothing; and he thinks he knows everything. That points clearly to a political career.
Just about every MC fonny!!! These nuccas rap about totten when they really not Smh
"SHA" RT : Question? Are we going #SHABANG or #SHEBANG? What do you guys prefer. I'm leaning towards
Watching Ryan Reynolds and Melissa McCarthy in "The Nines."
Glad you enjoyed! RT : Weekend recap: last night, crazy. Today, stomach ache. But dinner at was fabbo as usual.
haha totally understandable!
What a day! If u weren't here you wasted ur Saturday!!! We ate still packed, bout to shut down at 7pm.
You're so damn annoying.
#training2012 #t12lori when we invest in developing employees we outperform others
NOTE: HU Web Design students. Tonight's Web Development Class has been CANCELLED!!! Check your email for further instructions.
Digital signage gear all packed up and ready to go to BarCamp in the morning.
- I smell an Ether coming from the Korean Hammer!!
yeah I plan on seeing maxwell to
Too fucking hot outside
Departing UK for US. Next Austin TX. Gathering more suggestions what to see re library and learning/public space in TX.
Sh*t! Something wrong with the electrical system on my car. Both the windshield wipers and defroster won't turn off. Makes for dead battery.
Two thirds of us are at Sundys Pub right now.
RT #SkySAN claims to be the shortest SAN in the world. > it's true! SkySAN measures in at 17.8" in depth
Although research regarding the sensitivity of Millennials may be statistically significant, there are always anomalies.
#ReplaceABieberSongWithSex One sex , One less lonly sex , sex world .
The dialogue at tonight's forum is top notch. Raise the bar
just saw you on this KFC commercial joe
What's it about?(:
is so the Prince of Pop :)
someone who connects people with the information they need.
Met w overdrive bigwig at #PLA12 who is def of "boyish good looks" Said he didn't "do" twitter, so this comment is safe, rite? :-)
Hey, you! Are you looking for contract #ia and #ux work? Send info at viminteractive dot com a message and let's talk.
FREE Delivery Miami Beach & N. Miami Purchase of 12 or more Gourmet cupcakes )over 50 flavors) www.mmmmcupcakes.webs.com 305-890-9869
RT : You know what, fuck everyone who acts superior because they're into house now but turned their noses up at it 5 years ago.
I hate being tired! And in tired basically all the time
If David Beckham told me to wear a bluetooth, I WOULD. #callmedavid cc
Some things you just don't want to miss...St. Patty's Day at OTC! Pipes & Drums, Irish Dancers, GREAT FOOD & DRINK SPECIALS!
Just watched a screener for the new Bad Girls Club #LasVegas on Oxygen, and I think my brain melted a little bit.
RG3 - strike 1, Peyton Manning -strike 2. Seems writing is on the wall and Manning-to-Miami not likely. Is it Matt Flynn or bust?
ahahah nice! what kind?
Next time go digital on those flashcards, Michael and leave yourself with 3+ hours to study. Good luck!
Moving on to my next project is hard, I cant stop thinking about my novel. It's amazing how much you can miss fictional characters.
#Iwant more followers;)
Your welcome Ash, thanks for being so great! <3
No! But im freaking out bro! He needs to come on. I will have the lyrics to his new single memorized by tonight..(;
Congrats man! :)
#Grammys Taylor Swift introducing Glenn Campbell. why not bring in Jimmy Webb??
yes so true
woke up and been listening to boosie all day
": I just wanna scream "FUCK!" and walk up out this bitch. ✌"// it aint like u gnna suffer...do it lol
Aw sad. I won't get to see them because I will be working.
Our newest exhibit "Luxembourg by Hot Air Balloon" opens this Sunday! Amazing aerials and spectacular views!
Always forgive but never forget, learn from mistakes but never regret
thanks, I'm not as trainwreck today lol :) we need to hang soon
my manager loves me & I'm sure she'll love you!
#first40songsonshuffle. Miley Cyrus-I hope you find it
We needed that win #Raiders see what crept on u?!!! Go
yup. That's why they boycotted it
Why do you think #CommunityAction is important? RT and add your reason.
Thanks for the follow! Back at ya!
I have not!
Guitar just fell #thanksfornothing faulty guitar strap !
now give me a good answer please :)
"in Houston Fri at Dan Electro's Guitar Bar" /// wish I could be there..sounds like a fun show! Pls tell KA I said hello!
hm...what to have for dinner tonight..???
you right lol. But I don't have a man !
Thanks for following, Neomi!
Not a good day today.
That's all i really wanna do just live drug free my entire life
1100 more words to write on my last research paper for my master's and then I can have my social life back
There have around 6 or 7 plays that Jim Nantz has announced with more excitement than the Polamalu INT in the 08 AFC tile game.
I'll be there! RT The flock is gathering TODAY at at 1p! goo.gl/CvML1
Have a great weekend!
“: Painting some patio furniture. Red spraypaint covering my hands. I feel like Banksy and/or Dexter.” setting up the ritual room?
#ACM - Miranda, Yay - Album of the Year - She is so sweet and looks very sophisticated tonight
he's really something. Just read the first 50 of Never Mind (thank you, ) and I'm all in....
After this week's line-up I can officially conclude that Halloween is my favorite holiday of the year!
Everytime I text a girl there always doing "Nothing Much". They could be building a bomb but would still say "nothing much"
but today was C r a z y !
i ate too much cookie dough!
This #GMA interview w the cast of The Avengers is painful. Lol. Hate satellite delays.
Who wants to help me with Tennessee Mortgage Law Reform??
We appreciate your understanding as we get through this. Thanks again!
theres an incredible amount of butts on my dash....im not even mad.
Good effort #OU - way to represent!
Bec from Stars In Stereo (one of the openers) is a Portland girl :) I think you'll like her.
He sounds crazy to me.
lol And their are only 3 people in the 3:30 lesson
you in MKE?
Wonderful! Many thanks... we love getting new resources!
it's also important to care about your friends and family too.. Brat
Thank goodness it's Friday!
Hope you're typing quietly in there. Glad to have my pen and paper handy after Judge Alsup called out the loud-typer.
fitting underway...lots of looks to go through and narrow down!
But If I fell would you catch me before the ground does?
Try the code "VINO." Thanks.
RUN BILLY RUN
Soo proud of you love :)
Congratulations on winning the Main Event. You played amazing. That chant will be stuck in my head forever lol.
Hi! Thanks for following. :)
Looking forward to June 1!
you know that story you're reading, could you tell whose account its Haha I wanna read it :3
Cross Fertilization: #devmke – full time Senior Developer position for a growing Milwaukee company (ASP.NET MVC) – for details
running out of words... i guess i'll never be a blogger
"The moment I deliberately do something definite either for God or others that costs me something, I am expressing #love."
Victory belongs to the most persevering. - Napoleon Bonaparte
can I be a grouppie??(:
take the High Road as in go straight and make a diagnol left at the A10 of High Road that's all it showed me and hope ur ok
I just followed you . . . Im one of the people in the iphone 4s giveaway youtube name: michalelanasia
My daughter on the way to school this morning- "That's the second time I've seen birds fighting this week." ;)
Johnson yahh its my word u dont kbow me or what it means so stfu and quit judging
hey, everyone wish my bestie a happy birthday! ------------>
your name came up in conversation at client site
My co-worker was biking by and said the place was "slammed." NICE!
Thank you for being a TM! The 1st year as a is the hardest, but with great rewards.Then it gets even better! cc:
RT: : This has got to be the most awkwardest moment in class.
hahaha, I do the same and only realized now that u brought it up!
4/20: CEU wkshp - Bedroom Gambling: HIV in Couples - sign up via
Took the G out your waffle, All you got left is your ego
FOLLOW ME:)
Hey there, material girl...
Never in my life did I think I'd be so relieved after buying a vacuum cleaner.
This offer is for 6/21 and 6/22 to celebrate our brand launch. We want to give u an incentive to give, to join, to come with us.
I get annoyed when I see pictures of weed on someones page; Its not like you even took the picture! and no one gives a fuck if you smoke (y)
How did some of your kids, husbands, friends and family spoil you on this mother's day? Or what did you do for YOUR mamma?
These niggas is secondary like pippin around mike!
many tech news sources say there's going to be one. But they've been proven to be inaccurate when it comes to Apple, so
Thanks David! Are you coming to the Actor's Embassy party on Monday?
Starting to really like this #interntakeover thing. Got a Red Velvet cupcake & a serenade for my birthday.
haha thanks and yea you're awesome too :)
OMG New Yorker tablet edition.
I just wanna be apart of something I just wanna be like you
It was a rumble and a ride, but no one hurt and no damage reported here at the capitol
RT : RT : We are so happy to have the amazing on our team! EMBRACE THE CLARITY!...
Kamusta? How are you?
I still don't have a glass of wine in my hand...
In order to live for Christ, you must die to self. Think of it as suicide of the flesh.
only if you tell me what the special of the day is
Jade always trying to talk me out of something like shut up lol
Another great pass from Iggy
how do you think you did
haven't been on twitter all dayy. I'm going to sleep noww(:
Run run!
nope, i didnt get it.
Today's Meteor blog will be live from #blogwell. Meteor's and will be there! .
Thx for following! I went to ASU too and used to work for the D-backs :) Now I work for Graystone, which my dad actually owns.
The big punch up at 16.5 seconds from end! Stopped the game!
Today feels like a #DeafHavana kind of day.
Tubby's teams play ugly- gonna give us fits for a while at least, play disciplined. kind of expect us to lose.
Dipping in the breezeway for the last time 😭😭😭 with
I need a real vacation n a new job something I enjoy
ok pirates, i see you..
Damn the man!
Love when the emergency 9 turns into 18.
Your welcome. Yeah, that's the truth.
fuck no. Just got some
Hearing lots of that. Thanks! RT : Off to Carmel Farmers Market - love the quaintness of event!
I would do txt me doe @ 12038503876:-)
your pic is hot!!!
Most of my Facebook friends don't follow me on Twitter so I bitch about them here.
"The time-traveling is just too dangerous. Better that I devote myself to study the other great mystery of the universe... women!"
That's a lot of meals. Good meals.
school time D:
Oh you're welcome... Glad to see you again. We really appreciate it!
Hearing so many great talks at #PopCon has made me think of all sorts of ideas for papers I could have submitted. Ah well, next year!
A reminder, it was over at Reds Army who made the rondo tip off compilation. ()
So much that could come out of this smart mouth of mine right now......
