We're so ready for the weekend...
if you followed me, I'd be super fucking happy dude.
Speaking of trains, I saw loco #140 The Hisser earlier today at around 7:45 pushing an IB train. Did what it does best, twice.
Half of the reason I listen to the song never say never is because Jaden Smith not Jb. The other half is because I like the chorus.
Driving up to the west coast.
OK we are in 2010 now and I plan to win!!! So you know you got to be in the game to win it. You hear me???
"what you thought was lost was just mislaid" -- my hat has been at my parents' house the whole time! yay :)
Stop light party this Thursday !! Are u single n ready to mingle or fakin when ure already taken??
Addicted to the new album. Hope everyone is having a great day.
the Whites are insane
I plan on being a future rapper of H Town. No lie either. I'm working on my first rap right now. What's good?
Betrayed <--- a feeling of sum shit D;
Mornin dicks and dames..doff the fedoras, suits, bobs and lavaliers and go get your dough...keep tha punks out of ya pockets..
it'll be over soon. Congrats on your blessing!
Can't believe SMWLA is almost over!
you don't have Chris Owens number do you?
Just had one of those callbacks that felt like an amazing class. Getting the jig would just be a bonus!
editing pics :) and u?
Mar. 6 on Sat @ Kings steaks in the bronx having a SouthBronx Music conference. We always lookin for performers. If u interested Holla Bak!
Experience is how life catches up with us and teaches us to love and forgive each other
5/22 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Tom VanHorn
you know what? I think I knew that, considering how many of those I own...
Its raining,lightning and thundering. Cooler night that most lately
Texas is the move though.
Cronin should just schedule a quarterly press conference to handle the off-court issues.
awesome, enjoy
Ha...my is so crazy that I have to laugh it of sometimes...I always try not to give up, but it just feel like thats best thing I can do. -.-
Up in San Jose for a #sjgiants game with the family. The Giants pitcher is dealing right now. No hits no runs through 4 2/3.
Upon closer inspection, I take it back.
lol all of em basically do
All good recommendations. Maybe also a subscription to TIME magazine.
The Karate Kid was good but I still love the original.
Genesis Global Media funds TV and Film Projects pushing KINGDOM AGENDA- FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE.
#notafan of these stupid ass housewives shows on Bravo!!!!
This Jerry Jones love fest is going to make me throw up.
thanks, last night was AMAZING.
Knows the real fountain of youth is to have a dirty mind and a naughty smile..
😱Like my naked pictures on Instagram: TempeMyAzz
If i hear the word project out this man mouth one more time.
Hunter really didn't say much. Seems focused on his area of ward 5. I do not like the his neg stance on Macmillan.
. your family is in our prayers!
Amazon phone coming soon?!? RT : was asked to configure his phone to avoid getting ripped off with roaming charges. This is wrong!
happy birthday, Thomas <33
DS: he'll be gone by then
Bless you! I pray all is well!
Dance to much booty in da pantttsss
Delta delayed to Chicago. Weather must be too nice.
Bueno! Congrats love :)
what's you're email? I'll forward you the message.
LOL. I still ask my mom and dad for money every now and then. LOL. Enjoy the time with fam
nobody knows it, but you've got a secret smile and you use it only for me
Melanie Brown of The Spice Girls (Mel B) popped out a baby girl yesterday.
check out my commercial!! it is hysterical !!
Lmao this chick actually put "Follows You" in her bio so people will think she's following to keep more followers then shes fb
#OomfNeedsTo Needs To Know When They Got Something Special Standing Rite In Front Of Them
Registration options are now datetime tagged, so you can see when people make their choices when they decide to attend your events.
of course I am. At the crib.
I shoulda stayed! And we could have continued to beat Lucas at pool! Haha
Poorly chosen, but still intentional.
Where my breakfast at
The future is about collaborating together, using all trading relationships to drive value. -Alcoa at
It's like she's incredibly lonely. But too scared of getting close to anyone at the same time.
Just got bred by a dude from a4a. Waiting for the elevator and his cum is leaking out my ass.
Be at #CityHeat 2nite on Harris Blvd in CLT 2 celebrate my birthday! Food/drink specials n watch the games. NO COVER CHARGE
Yeah I like it a lot better too, I just wish I had more friends and family on it.
Don't you hate when people take so long to text you back that when they do, you don't know what the hell they're talking about?
headed to Triggaland turns on music on my phone
Sad day in America. No justice, no peace.
Anyone taking summer classes at Vista?
Turn up the music-Chris brown
@ The College Board Affinity Network kickoff on
I'd sort of rather not be in that dark alcove to the right as you come in but other than that, no preference
Saying Doyle is running for President in 2012 is not funny! Thats Wisconsin's worst nightmare.
ppl make things too complex... if ur happy... be content w/ ur happiness in the moment of it...
Heading to LA Market next week to do my buying for FALL for Yes, fall, people.
bring ur money tomorrow!!!
Prince binge day
Here we go...cutest ad ever! Great social media message too!
DONT SIT ON THAT BABY!
if you ladies book for tomm I'll take 20% off and you get a comp bottle of champagne
One of the guys who made Wimba was in my class last week. If it's anything like what he showed me, it's very very cool.
Why is everyone so
We're big fans of traditions, especially when they revolve around drinking beer. Hope you guys are having fun!
you like me know but lets' see later when i'll be torturing people's OTP LOL
#listen to RN page.
Open Saturday's at 10am and Sunday's at 9am! Get here early to catch all of the games.
Don't be crazy, I got TONS of blue jeans...
A blonde opened a hair salon next to a graveyard and named it Curl Up and Dye.
... ... and I love robots, too -- even had a robot startup way back in 1995!
Women that work
The epitome of an ASU grad
We laugh over memory now. Joy of music study: kids keep getting better. Hard work pays off! (except in case of our Superman)
#Racers are a 12-seed in the new bracketology. Yes, the season hasn't started yet. (Kentucky & Louisville are both 1 seeds).
Subway... EAT FRESH
you better get yourself together thn!“: yall better get off me bout this situation”
Pie pie and more pie.
": i'm perfectly ok being single until I see cute couples..." So effin true honest #Envy !
Wow! Great reviews and compliments for Zombie Housewives of the Apocalypse - thanks!
what!!!! That pisses me off!!
Will somebody or something please start to sing?
#ThingsMyExSaid "I love you" wrongo you never did
I wana buy an ipad with my birthday money :D
PBA bowler Norm Duke will receive the 2012 Dick Weber Bowling Ambassador Award.
any idea where you can find stats on breakdown of financial naming deals of b-parks / arenas & fields of play?
I'd guess either typo or conditional probabily that a word that was identified as an outlier was actually an OCR error
I agree
- That's definitely my favorite record by them. :)
Weight Watchers and fitness program start today! wish me luck (:
I voted for Austin to go to London! You deserve to see him!<3
Wtf is there a distilled water shortage? Why do stores never have it?
my hair is a mess #TGIF and I'm on spring break
Why is so hot
Still on the topic of reality television, a better name for shows about families with over 10 kids should just be renamed "Human Hoarders."
#NewOrleansBowl 87 yd punt return for the Cajuns now up 13-3 over SDSU. ULL is playing some seriously inspired ball right now!
Can't wait to get it to you bro!!
burn this
These Cesar Chavez punks think it's cool to vandalize our property?! OK lil fukkers! Bring it! Ya messed w/ the wrong bitch now!
how did Macabbi/Copia go last night? I MISS YAH.
#nfb I Wounder is that her real hair in her avi
I WON, I WON! Thanks for the 2 tickets to see David Sedaris.
Share your favorite workout with fellow Medifasters!
Guys never verbally or physically harm your woman smh
thanks for coming. And I am now Duncan VP!!!
THANK YOU to institutions for hosting this crop of interns!
Thank you for #WW Wishes! Cheers.
lighten up
Sitting next to a table of library folk, but not terribly interested in networking.
Best of luck to you, Dave! LP&P will surely miss you.
Today was so annoying ..
were.u been?
I just need to say my prayers and go to sleep. 🙏✌💤
An 88 year old man just sang Rhinestone Cowboy to me on the bus.
I hope the surgery goes well and that she recovers quickly!
Homework flow....
that's the best kind... fun to watch but barely enough to qualify.
Thanks for the follow. Interesting ws.
Dead Boiled and seasoned to perfection yeah boi!!
#IdRatherHave my cousin back over everything else!!!!
One 10th Region coach on Happy Osborne to Montgomery County: "It's not rumblings, it's a fact."
Thanks, Dr. Ochs, my history teacher when I was a junior at , for making history coming alive!
I'm psyched about my new Mizuno running shoes, and can't wait to try them out on my 7 miler with tonight!
Same old doing some work drinking a lot of coffee and beer! just trying to do big things!
waiting for you to follow me thats all (:
Awesome Tents: We now have the Big Agnes Fly Creek UL2 Tent. It weighs only 34 ounces and actually fits two people! Perfect for backpacking!
I don't understand the #GOP; are we or are we not supposed to like our POTUS? So why spend money on ads?? Way to think it through
It is to easy to judge others, never met a perfect person yet, where is the fun in that?
Best Mexican food in LA? Ciro's at 705 North Evergreen, 90033
Welcome to Lin, our 700th member! Amazing growth in less than six months. Here's to the next six!
NY had a rain soaked Earth Day, how did you celebrate?
boy, you scared me! suddenly shout.next time give warning first lah.haiyo.
favorite basketball team?
cuz I got swag!!! Soggy watermelons and grapes!! C:
can you believe me yes me Dennis The Menace is calling it an early night. well gnight peeps im beat! got allot going on tomorrow.
my goodness. You are one lucky woman!!
Judge of your natural character by what you do in your dreams
Okay its turkey franks and stuffing flavored beans for me today.
Can someone tel me why we r so wicked but if you like by the gun you will died by the gun i am a man of the!!!!!!! lord and man
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence. -Vince Lombardi
Ugh I'm using spray tan 😒not my fault it's 40 and overcast everyday in Chicago till like June lol.
Sorry I been gone for a min but im back
Will you give me a record deal if I call and annoy you?
We hope that you're having a great weekend. We are offering a FREE couples massage with a stay of 2 nights or longer in Feb!
just watched Virginia shut Princeton down. Great game. Klöckner Stadium is pretty cool
If I have to chase and fight for your attention, eventually i won't want it anymore.
your memory is as good as mind for that kind of stuff!
if want to achieve something large, look at small, concrete steps you need to take to get there
Woopwoop on my way back to md
unwrapping some boss neon xmas ornaments. anyone want to donate a lavalamp for the top of our tree?
#Marlboro, Preventing more sex then marriage.. RT #YouLookedGoodUntil I Seen You Put A Fat Ass Marlboro In Your Mouth...
play I spy
You will only be completely satisfied through Jesus. Nothing o this world will make you whole.
"We are in a collective mood of denial of what is moving us away from greatness" #CarrollUniversity commencement
Getting in #NYC today...
Army Strong Crig? Really?? That's so lame...how about the Few, the Proud.?
Never thought i would..
Forgiveness is a funny thing. It warms the heart and cools the sting.
Proof that bigger co's are bad at innovation. “: RT : FB rolled out Timeline w/a team the size of a startup #gwsummit”
If Iowa can't count their votes right, they need to lose first in the nation status. Seriously.
And i went last time... are you gonna go?
"Morgan you better stop! I mean it I'll tell erin!" I thought I was gonna flip her outa her desk. did you see me?
Follow back?:))
you are amazing. can't wait to see you on the 28th.
Thank you so much Lori--we appreciate the love!
I don't believe in most friendships.
“: #3WordsOfAdvice... Take it Sleazy. #workaholics #may29”
we're having a soirée - treats, swag, makeup, brow shaping, discounts, styling & more! May 10 6-8pm.
enjoying special DC power players episode of #jeopardy. Relevant topics, light-hearted & kudos for charities benefitting young students.
Why thank you kind sir for the Saturday shout out, mucho appreciated. Have a fabulous weekend.
So far tonight I have inappropriately touched half our lineup. No regrets ;)
Pls instruct your outsourced reservations personnel that American women don't care to be called "mem" every few seconds.
Thanks! In Cupertino. Just finished my first month, so still pretty new to it.
There's no denying the Oeschmonster is a true Pacer's fan with those gloves he has.
If all my friends were to jump off a bridge, I wouldn't jump with them, I'd be at the bottom to catch them
cringe whn I check in to 4Square & it says "Come here often" thats X days in a row for U! Yes I have
"Respect yourself..dont let anyone push you into something that's not you.."
thanks (particularly enjoyed the end of the post)!
Does anyone love me?
It's 83-degrees today. A bubble wrap wardrobe is friggin' HOT (and itchy)!
Hi there!
my hubs told me about it ;)
LOL RT Study says women check their reflections 8 x a day. Number goes down to 3 if you don't count the Kardashians.
Newly shaved legs >>>
#wiunion #recallwalker is costing each tax payer about $2. Poor maintenance of #Milwaukee County, future cost to State millions!+Court cost!
i want to win is #1 Trending
R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS | #TeamFollowBack | #InstantFollowBack | #TeamAutoFollow | #500ADay |
Spinach and feta omelette with garlic and buttery bread. Everything tastes better after a run.
Congratz to Hunter Mahan! His game is steady.
Nice! Will do.
we cannot let them fall through the cracks... can help these
hahaha alright then:p
TONIGHT! Studio At Webster Hall!
That makes two of us! And the tee should be on your doorstep by sometime Thursday.
Thanks for the congrats, friends!
#DoctorsBetterThanConradMurray Magic Johnson's Dr
you're braver than me. I hope you get some rest. zombie at work, that's a no no. :)
I didn't know ale house played good music
How are you guys doing ?
smh I hate when that happen
Actually broke it last night....
So amazing! ^__^
thanks for the tickets I'm unfortunately unable to get off work :'( can I change the name to Gary Miller on the tickets?
haha when you lose your password on Louis CK's site you're sent a replacement that begins "numbnuts" followed by a series of numbers.
I think he'll do a GREAT job But,tell Soriano about the TUCK RULE don't pull your shirt out until last out is officially recorded
I am so over being unemployed... Blurg.
working on identifying bridges on the lantern slides in the J. W. Hoover collection. Who knew Arizona had so many bridges.
RT : It's appalling & depressing that so many self-proclaimed "patriots" are entirely ok with police brutality against our own people.
Loves reading right now soo relaxing..
Good luck to my friends @ #dbuc drupal camp. Wish I could have made it there
Had a great time partying at Knickerbocker's last nite with the famous, not so famous and other krazies!! Happy to get to a Holiday Party!
RT WHO the FUCK put vagasil where the toothpaste usually is on the FUCKING sink!!??! Wasn't me
If you want to have fun then do something crazi
Thanks for doing what you do. Do you include hostels in your list of places to stay? We are some of the most sustainable!
didn't even ask! I just did it hahaha :D
What's wrong man?
Just started SSTLS myself. Find myself looking askance at my iphone.
tryna play me al over twitter! Haha I will literally show up right now in a headband n sweatbands ready to go
These Bitches is doing the Most!!!
To answer your question, I will not be following you!
Surprised with some Hoptimus Prime last night. I suspect we'll dive into the '86 Orson Welles version for this.
been a busy last week, prob. gonna be AWOL for the next 2 weeks with school. papers, papers, and more papers
LIKE OMG I CANT BELIEVE I MISSED EVERYTHING ELSE
Last night's event was a success, thank you to everyone who came out! We will be posting photos of the event soon!
There are one hundred and ninety nine ways to get beat, but only one way to win; get there first. -Willie Shoemaker
i'll have a baby cousin by morning! :D
Thx for inclusion on your list! A couple of suggestions:
love the show, but some commentators have pointed out that he wasn't always the most effective president.
thanks Mike!
The Good Wife sure knows how to do promos. This new one has me giddy in excitement.
Hey Facial Ninja!
Spanish Is Faster Than English, But Mandarin Is Slow
Welcome & to the sweet 16 party!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 81
LOL at Blake Griffin
respects my bro... but its like boxing match with no rounds..
love these guys!
I haven't but thanks(:
#Ward5se If issues like conducive economic development, quality educational programming, & ethics matter, vote 4 my friend
Congrats!!! Something to be very proud of!
So no vote on best burger right now we have a five way tie. Chance to be in first.
i hear talkin about me up there..smh
Great job by tonight during the #newsjacking #meetup at
Free ground shipping on all purchases over $100.00. Call (323) 731-2561 to place your orders and use the promo code 1026.
Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch make me RICH!!!
What did Dropbox do that's got everybody aff'ing them out again? More power to you, just wondering.
It's a wrap Anaheim is winning 7-2. The Slap Shot has now Won 202 games and counting. On to the next one. Ching Ching.
Such a turn of when a guy lies ...
True true. And it only hurts u & haunts u with guilt when u lie...so I don't do it. For others & for myself.
click schedule
Midnight jog? Why yes!
Not being open anymore
Send summer excitement to the one you love..Free delivery call now 419-475-9646
School would seem a whole lot less scary if I had a growler to start my day. I'M SERIOUS.
Up next --- OnPulse
Dang, everyone here is so fashionable! I'm gonna have to steal everyone's amazing purses and shoes. Look out!
Love it
Kraft manufacturers tools for Asphalt, Concrete, Drywall, EIFS, Flooring, Masonry, Plaster, and Tile industries.
oh shit...am i getting sick? :(
At the Next Steps in Transforming Academic Libraries session
From one rumor to the next.
Let's get weird
Don't judge me, but tonight I will be drinking and checking 2500 lottery tickets of the $650 megamillions. Going to outer space when I win.
I wish woud pull something like that, wait she wouldnt.
had a wonderful night....
I'm lonely and bored, some one come and entertain me
Yes! Please give them a copy of your ID & a note saying they have permission to pick it up!
hahaha greg's name is matt? these magazines tell me things i didnt even know -_-
Feelin the burn:(
“You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.” — Beverly Sills
Drinking alone is not only okay, it's fun!
I'm making some hash browns. Potatoes were on sale.
BTW, it was cool seeing you in Ore. The Pulse looks like an awesome vehicle!
Finally a day in #seattle where you can bring out the #summer #fashion!
A #writer works to #publish and see his work get into the hands of #readers. Thoughts about money are secondary; otherwise, the writing dies
Good Monday morning time to get back on my Twitter game. Been slack for awhile. Today is going to be a blessed day.
exactly what I was thinking!
I need a photo shoot
Playin wit somebody mind is cool. But playin wit they heart is like homicide.
Thanks soo much! RT : You guys always round up the best stuff for readers
Liked it, tks for sharing : )
Back in the BXV
Going to see tonight! I'm excited. :)
Examine what is said, not who speaks.
Keep it up bro!!!
Stumbling is not falling.
hahahaha yeah I'm pretty sure he thinks we're dumb!lol(;
It kills me .. How so many people claim to be things their not.. Ohh but you GROWN though
Still waiting for your solution :-)
Sitting in the car in the walmart parking lot with
Hot tea
Love is not proving anything by adoring a person to show them you care or pulling away to show them your point.
lol thats a start. What you need to do is check out DRB (Domestic Republic of Beers) near the A. THAT will expand your horizons.
#Iheartvodka RT After a long day of wrecking stuff, I sure wish I had some of that amazing Polish vodka.
yay! RT : I BREATHE IT, I LOVE IT, I LIVE IT!...#MUSIC!
why such a reaction to 'performativity'?
Melissa Coleman speaks about her book "This Life is in Your Hands" on 4/4 @ noon! Rumor has it Whole Foods Market is donating cookies!
Happy Opening Day!!
Shot shot ahot!
Someone teach the rock how to do the fucking sharpshooter please... Or Cena to take a bump
Loving Parenthood right now. Major.
Too bad, I love chopped n screwed shit >.>
Food. Cherry limeade. Yummy!
"Let's Bring Back," a great book by Lesley M.M. Blume, the A-Z of all things wonderful in days gone by.
lol yeah i know! I was just saying that to myself the other day.. Can you like put it in a plastic bag and give to my bro
and I thought it was just a Miami thing
yes, I didn't meant to say people can't learn, just that it's a process, not an input/outpu relationship
"It's Dove age-fighting acne cream."
Shoulda driven to work today. No traffic and holiday bus schedule. Oh well, happy #VeteransDay!
Nobody admits fault anymore...
add a little hot sesame oil to your steamed breakfast spinach. added goodness.
No, Resses deserve better than that. They deserve to be enjoyed in immaculate condition.
Then I will have to shake my head at you. Shake, shake, shake.
excited to listen to speak at #ileadu this morning!
No female want somethin dats gonna tickle dem "I Dont"
"Check The Rhyme", Cat Power and Monday Morrissey makes awesome radio. Thanks!
Hey I think your twitter account got hacked. Change your password.
The release even refers to it as "among the most beautiful and intense films of the 1980s." Seriously? Inna Gotta Da Vita and a chainsaw?
High Risks CAN be dismissed given the proper documentation. www.phasei.com
Looking to clean the floors in your home or business? ...
You never know. I did that a lot too to get people to follow, some followed without me tweeting them just by doing that
We had a wonderful prayer gathering. You are a blessing to us all. thank you. John & Suzanne
New placements on Discovery Channel,TLC,MTV,M2, and more let's keep them coming!!!
Happy Valentine's Day! I love you. Will you marry me? Wait, I mean, come buy our frozen yogurt. Sorry - tweeting makes me overemotional.
Really, Stop and come to see us! Tonight is Wine Flight under $15 and Monday we have half off any bottles!
Stewart: The OLC opinion is binding on DOJ; policy shouldn't change
im good.
yes it is. & your face is a fail! -_-
2 hours in auditorium = 2 hour nap.
Hair... i got my own mobile business going diva Illusionz
But You Perfect For Me..
$429! That's insane!
effing shit, it hurts.
#nccetl les foltos dir. of Peer Ed. Promises to work to see every teacher-librarian in the country becomes peer coach in tech. integration!
What a gloomy day
Going to be doing a red eye flight..back to the east coast.
well you gotta point there
Hope you can participate in our Groundhog Job Shadow Day Feb. 2nd to show kids opportunities in your career field. DM us. ;-)
#IMissWhen could reply to everyone's tweet but now he has so many mahomies that it's hard...im still proud though <3
Spring is here! Lets make something together.
Got the run back, I'll take it. Now, THROW AT SORIANO!!!
Gates Education How can states collaborate and share best practices to benefit all states, all classrooms?
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston Churchill
:) happy Wednesday!!
Just about everyone in OF has a cast on. Fuck going to that concert lol
You can say Merry Christmas...who's telling you you can't?
it's called diptic! It's a sweet app :)
Victor Cruz <33
It's been a long day.
congrats bro!
Not only do I LOVE being a called a hippie
Taylor May is always down. She'll stick her doggy tongue all the way down yo throat. ;)
yea yea it is omg i was lookin at pics of madison and my mom walked in and she said is that your boyfriend and i smiled :)
'The only person you should be concerned with being better than is yesterYOU.' -- Eric Barber
Also Secret Garden and Heartstrings
Hate-watching Skip Bayless gives ESPN the same ratings as watching with love. Please don't do it.
Loved the finale. Nice touch w/ going to foster system 4 adoption of an older child. Don't see it often enough on tv.
there's no air conditioning on the bus?
anything new and cool at the #BlackCatBar that I don't even know about?
it would have been sad if Eastern beat them. but they put up a scary good fight.
ha, I actually like that show and yes I watched it thanks to the playoffs last year
Hurrah!! 1,400 people "like" us on Facebook! We <3 our social media followers.
I love seein guys driving a mini cooper; an try to make up for lookin like such a pussy by driving as if they're starring in the Italian Job
Goodbye #Knicks season
Look around and notice how people have become so mechanical in every area of their lives
Speaking at the National MS Society annual conference this morning in Chicago; hoping I don't trip on my way to the stage!
Heya! You're so sweet, will pass the note to Joy :) props on your driving skills!
oh yea??
uncomfortable silence by Len Kasper after that. Feel bad that he is stuck with Brenly, he's actually pretty good.
thanks, we are! Miss you too!
RT : Sometimes it feels like John McCain weighs in by accident.
When a girl tells you about her problems, it doesn't mean she’s complaining, it means that she trusts you.
It goes like this The fourth, the fifth The minor fall, the major lift The baffled king composing Hallelujah
Jude and I discussed it and we will be cheering for the 49ers and Ravens this weekend.
How many of you would follow my personal account?
I have this sinking feeling my pc is going to crap out on me...it seems it just can't keep up with me these days
Does your system integrate with pharmacy software? QS1 for example?
I don't hate it.
getting family going on video chat! Google version a little laggy though....
Thx for RT! Have a magical day!!
My first follower on this account was :)
Worried about gettin ur followers up how bout you worry about gettin your money up
He is such a great , sweet man. haven't see the Hunley yet..looks and sounds like a great film though.
Only took 7 mins to park at lenox! Not bad! Great shopping weather today!
no problem :)
^ Every cliche about kids is true; they grow up so quickly, you blink and they're gone, and you have to spend the time with them now. But...
Now I know what I'm bringing to the beach this summer - *SPOILED* looks amazing! Isn't writing YA fun?! Congrats!!
I see the cathedral y'all are headed the right way!!
Stop hating on chemtrails
well ur kinda ahead of my age.....
It's like selling guns at grocery stores.
tonight at in broad ripple! It's going to be a blast!
#10ThingsIHateAboutYou ugh Heath Ledger. Come back and love me.
Eating in Little 5 Points Atlanta, GA. We're all gettin burgers w/ blue cheese. M!
I put my pants on kicking and screaming just like every other three year old.
Happy National School Week! How has school choice impacted your family?
I'm skipping mine but it's up to you! I just don't want to be crabby and cranky. 'Cause that's how I get!
then those moments when i wanna burn you ! -.-
Lozis are not of one tribe. Malozi are the people of Bulozi or Barotseland – constituted by 37 tribes including MaMbowe, MaKwandi, etc
STUNNING apartment east 70's, doorman, elevator, HUGE 1 bedroom, seperate kitchen, washer/dryer inside unit - $3050
Thanks seconded. Great to connect!
So stack a guy at $10-$20 at Wynn, he's counting down his chips/cash, I cover but he says he wasn't play his $25 chip, 2 $5 chips.
Victoria can you follow me thanks.xoxo :-) BH
Happy Birthday sis 
RT : shout out to my dogs #laredosfinest leggs go!
Don't blow away, LA.
Sure Megan. Let's see what you've got.
You can have more, be more and do more because you can change the person you;are - Maria Green
We won today!! 6th Best Company to Work for Austin!!!
Just call me Patra
Home sweet home! 🏠❤
Or I have also asked: Where is your library now and where do you want it to be? Especially good if you don't see facility.
doing good!
thank you
So happy to be a part of ! You can now enjoy our tea at their Hawthorne & Downtown stores, and soon at the Mississippi one.
Of course Obama reverses his stance on gay marriage; it's election year.
With true love, the butterflies never go away. ;) goodnight <3
Some boy was playing "somebody that I used to know" in his guitar. Aww how cute.
I'll just assume the Midwest airs repeats of Regis and Kelly 24/7 on all channels
Regardlex of how many tymz our heart got broken, we somehow still get intrinsically connected 2 the one's we adore.
Interaction Design does not equal interface design
Today's A Big Day! - I'm Gonna Kill It!!
lol i know(: its ok(: it was funny haaha. and yeahh(:
that's what I'm trying to do, gain muscle
Dude, I still need a warped tour buddy.
Larry Fedora and UNC agreed on a 7-year deal. Five-year deals are usually standard for a new coach.
Took a 5-min call while on hold with Time Warner Cable. Didn't miss much. Still on hold.
Sometimes but not nearly as much as I used to.
I was glad that I met you both as well! We will have to keep in contact and continue to discuss business!
I have a lot of passion about a lot of things in life.
What's your fav trend so far for Spring 2012? NEONs 4me..I saw AWeSoMe spring booties w/back zip & hot pink neon material center!
Well #Cuse Nation we are about to see how deep our bench really is. I have faith in my #orange we will win this! lets go #CuSe!
If you don't listen to then you pretty much suck.
And both of those interviews happened in the same half hour. I love this show.
Walked to P's school to pick him up today. Still hurts, but it seems like it hurt less and was easier today than on Monday. Making progress!
Am I wrong in hearing a slight tone of contempt in the phrase "early adopter"? (rather like "premature moralist" but with less at stake)
These people got attitude
Make process thoughts: I learn better from listening&watching others than following written directions.
Top 2012 Models, Brands Honored for Lowest Projected Costs during Initial Five-Year Ownership Period DGDG is proud to carry 10 of them! Find
Give us a quip on our funny pics
Thanks for recommending your followers to follow us! We are following
The House just passed a bill designed to "break-up" big banks EVEN if they pose no systemic risk. Who are these f--king idiots?
“: Homesick as fuck...I miss hitting up all the festivals around Cleveland and passing out my mixtapes during the summers”
Can I get a: what! what!
Thank you to all the MEN AND WOMEN that put their lives on the line for our safety, freedom, and AMERIC's Future. God Bless you and keep you
Dads political advice for the day "mijo don't get caught with a stripper in your office" Hahahaha
me and my friends was running down the alley
wtf i gets it in
no gipper where is that
I hope you can too! RT I wish I was in Spain right now. I really hope I can go there for my study abroad
I have drank 64 oz of beer since I got to this airport 2 hours ago
Great allergy tips! Ever hear of someone losing their sense of taste from allergy medicine?
aw, you're too cute! <3
See, honey? Even people at bus stops have cell phones.
you got rodgers' number? think you could lend it to me? gotta give him some advice about women -- they're out to get him, man.
Gottah do it all over again, that means the first time was a waste of time!
i left friday.i be back tho real soon
Never regret something that once made you smile.
saltine challenge, hot sauce challenge...idk haha!
As shared recently on A&E's production, "The Drew Peterson Biography" (ORC) is ready to launch contractually: www.OnlineRehabClinic.com
will do! I know that's where I have the very best friends in the world!
Anybody wearing a B.U.M. Equipment t-shirt is definitely hard up for some cash
My account has been deactivated for violation of some law, can you imagine what a bad girl i am dammit hahahah!
I concur! “: very cool. Your pics so far have been awesome!”
GUESS WHO'S HAVING SALMON FOR DINNER?!?!?! THIS GIRL!!! ;D
I can't wait for friday!!!
Not feeling to good... Not done with my Christmas shopping and going to the mall tomorrow to finish,. It's about to be packed
Good night, Anita. I hope you had a great shoot today! :) I had a tough day at work and kind of tired.
For each referral that turns into a signed #website contract, I am giving the referrer a $25.00 #Outback #Steakhouse Gift Card thru April 1.
Thank you! The voting was for the 'red herring' final entry but won based on presentation - double hurrah :)
We know nothing about motivation. All we can do is write books about it | Peter Drucker
COCONUT COCONUT
Can be arranged. :) When are you here?
Congrat's on your Pregnancy! Bn following you for over 2years! Luv your products (2.5yrs natural). Plz support & follow us!
loves being alone. Solitude gives you time to ponder and consider and create without distraction.
Next year, I'm going to be bummed. I won't be a teenager anymore. I'll be 20. :s
Roddick out. No.
My Love Is Your Love <3
will have a ton of advanced info and strategies. will be great at covering the basics for you though.
SOLD OUT again, cant wait to see all of you !! > RT : Only 4 more days until ! :)
Come see the exhibition! Cheers.
": Bar Sign: Those drinking to forget please pay in advance."
Dr. Carlyle Chan receives the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Association for Academic Psychiatry
But on the realz, all these crab niggas know the deal - nas
Lies Like Rug
Feel like its Christmas Eve! Working all day and then headed to ALBQ w as soon as I can sneak out of here. Love road trips!
One down, two to go. I'm now in Houston headed for Vegas & then finally to Seattle.
“: I think MATH!!!! may be my worst enemy:/!!!! Princeton #Spreadthepeace #NOMATH lol:)” yes MATH
HAPPY SWEET 16 :D From Malaysia
Happy mother's day to all you mamas
Hey tweeps!Don't miss out on our presale!Today is the last day to get a 10%off your total purchases. Use code GLMLAUNCH! @ greylinemap.com
People say hate is such an overused word, but so is love. People throw that word around like it's nothing.
Excitement and Fear often feel the same physiologically. In my next audition, I notice any fearful energy and label it excitement.
GREAT INSIGHT
you would what?
If croutons are stale bread why do they come in airtight packages?
- irrespective of theories and explanations you can come up with, true believers, like it or not will say its the work of God.
I hate when people assume they know everything about me, when they don't know the first thing.
Just broke my nails grrrr. Party people. Good night
Assists, going for rebounds, scoring 16 in the 4th isn't considered determination or real basketball?
regular oven has the heating element on bottom and top. Convection has a fan on back "wall"
It time for some fall cleaning! Call us today @ 586 663 0054
ALL I wanna do is step outside n Scrap....I dnt give a fuck with who....its been to long since my last fight...
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Wed, May 16 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
Make me some please :)
If you own a business or run a website you should check out the calendar widget by SquaredOut. You can embed it on your site in seconds.
I didn't realize I could lift one eyebrow higher than the other until that last pic I tweeted, very interesting.
Fa sho, shoot me your math in my DM... Orphanz™
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 52F FAIR
I pick up a pencil so rarely now, I feel like it would be worthwhile to make an effort to go old school more often.
Missed the memo that the whole college is playing the back nine.
i couldn't find the wheat matzos on your downtown location so had to go elsewhere :(
Better get this field goal!!!!
A week til nanowrimo still no ideas and I need a laptop
Mostly here to read funny/interesting things and maybe write some. Will also be satisfied with pictures of cats.
Zusi is playing
#Lacrosse at the same time. I own it.
www.erlang.la User Group is happening tomorrow. Come join us at HQ (Thanks for hosting)
Things to do today. 1. Get up 2. Survive 3. Go back to bed
Men,be bold with ur personal style, you may even develop a signature style that others will notice
Where do my UK followers stand on #ManCity's quest for the EPL championship? An inquiring Yank watching the match vs QPR wants to know.
would be happy to. let's plan on meeting up after morning sessions. maybe i'll be able to make contact in person.
A #television audience is just innately more engaged than anywhere else...
Rage Comics are really entertaining.
one of my favorite things to have for breakfast! Enjoy!
"my🍧brings all da👦👦to da🏠🌾and they're like, it's👍than yours, damn➡, it's👍than yours. i could 📝ya, but i'd have to💰”
I haven't heard from Suggs, his agent, or the #Ravens regarding the injury. So I can't back up the story.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours. Richard Bach
how u been girlie!!!
Something is going to happen?
just saw my first Tesla electric car on the roads of NYC... it wasn't all that.
your personal sessions only display to you, regardless of the publicness of your conference schedule.
Bumpin The Weeknd heavy right now, probably for the rest of the night too.
I'll add it to the site ASAP.
Feels good to help I'm really gonna hook them up and walk them all the way to the finish product...
People always regret how they treat you after you leave. By then it's too late to fix things. 11:28am
Do u got any
You may end up dancing the monopolka. Be careful, and give my regards to KGB Bar.
OPEN to serve you today til 10PM with a HUGE Clearance SALE. 50% OFF all Holiday Music & 30% OFF all Art & Photo books Mon. & Tues. ONLY!
oh yeah! Are you taking your wsm!?
it's all gucccii ♥
Omg her butt looks like one from those 70 year old cat lovers
We're minutes away from the Sweeney Todd Shave-Off! Live music, discounted food/drinks! Why aren't you here yet?
thats horribly wrong we all know it basketball!
100 likes on my facebook status? gosh why am i so popular
good meeting up today. Looking forward to good...I mean great things from your #Depaul MBAs!
your old floor must have raptured.
It's like I have to re-introduce my dog to snow every 3 weeks now.
You are more than the chooses you make, you are more than the problems your create.
What does "totes" mean?
Just throw a quick pick6 so Brett can get to bed. He'll get incontinent and bloated if he stays up past 12.
It's still just rumors. This one is particularly awesome however and worth following IMO.
Just saw the news -- many congratulations!
STOP!! Trust me... a TV like this is an INVESTMENT!! Better to spend $500 for a damn good one that will last
Been with baby all day.. The movies was fun... <3
RT : MJ said "heal the world' honor his legacy by participating in national HIV testing day June 26, 2009
any time!
RT : Your #resume should capture your personality, not just your #work accomplishments.
Like a flower I want to be The one that you grow to Dangerous power between you and me How I long to save you
follow me sweet pea lol
Yes but the still know your there!
Thank y'all for coming! Sorry we missed your set.... hope it was fun!
“Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.”― John Lennon
twas no joke, and for clarity i DID make reference to yourself..... :-p
it is the same "type" but it depends on the level of strain. If it's mild, 2 weeks, if he tore it, he's done. All in degree.
Good night, everyone !
...Oh I know why, cuz everybody wanna be the "1" instead of us all, many fist will always have more impact than 1...
Finally the #Heat learn to milk the clock and not make stupid turnovers late
Firetrucks at the library: whom to believe...the librarian or the digital humanist?
I'm so glad #community is back. Watching it with :D
Just a thought, everyone needs a hobby. If your side-business was a hobby converted into a business, unhappiness follows.
": We say what we feel then we stop ourselves."and just walk away
y'all dont invite me places bitch!
1 in 6 adults admitted that they have agreed to sex because they were embarrassed to say �no�.
Watching and they put Pink and Christina Aguilera ahead of Britney Spears in the 100 Greatest Women in Music? Uh.... *z snap* ... No.
I've seen the first season of Deadwood and I can't wait to finish it. God damn Netflix for not having it on streaming.
Now you sound like Tom Brady's wife. Lol. Jk.
You're a hot mess. Emphasis on the hot part. And the mess. Not gonna lie, you're kinda crazy sometimes.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy..but heres my numb-- NO. SHUT UP.
I'll be home soon enough!
sounds about right. Hahaha, where did you read this shhhtuff?
i follow back you follow me first.
should be experiencing some of the #sxsw tech events, but instead working hard in the office!
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly you should join the circus,you'd be an instant hit
Was at your reading yesterday, but had to hurry off somewhere. Great to actually hear you! Looking forward to meeting you today
Have a spectacular weekend!
I don't think the pothole even comes close to comparing to last night
At cirque du soleil in Indy with my favorite person.
- Im Bad feat ...Dope Shit
stupid eli
trough twitter we started talking gave him number and its been like tht ya i dnt like anyone at school so only way i find my bfs jk
Going on Tuesday with #alittlescared RT I feel god.
Perhaps that's what was in those Bugles!
nice day to golf
Head cold today. I guess I should rest.
Gotta say, it's an odd mix of humanity at the Willie Nelson show. Basically exactly what you'd expect.
I have. Long story. I'll tell you at break : )
“: I'm drunk and wana fuck #whyarentuhere #hurryup #crazygfproblem” that's when girls end up fucking up relationships
RT : Talking Baseball with 's Allan "Bud Selig" on April 10, part of 's Robert Taylor Lecture Series:...
some females just dnt know how to play their cards thats y they're forever single
More peeps that r awesome @ whut they do POOF!!!!!!!
Hey Milwaukee comics! Did you know that Milwaukee Comedy is a great FREE place to promote yourself? Jimbo told me so! xoxo, Vine
Lessons learned....students still have to find the best way to study..not everyone will adopt technology for learning.
#dhtrial Also I did long distance photo doubling of Nathan, Kyle and my hand stabbed "marcia's" fake pregnant stomach and my feet broke in
lost 1 pound since his last weigh-in! He's lost 19.6 pounds so far.
I feel like throwing up
They can't hold me down
Nope! It'll be worse.
your mom can be better then that
Ran my first two legs if #ragnarsocal in #Kinvara3's. Switching to the Type A5's for my final 14.9 mile leg.
“If a guy is acting as if he doesn’t give a shit, he genuinely doesn’t give a shit.”
Love you, Snooks! ;D
It correlates, but it doesn't equal. I want the best game as well gameplay wise too. We both use alotta energy. Good stuff
SPEAK NOW!:) : If I see either one of those idiots today, I won't be afraid to speak my mind.
sounds good!
Another Sunday...you know what time it is #HAILYEAH we in Toronto to get that W today!
mee to! Did you cry? Because I cry a lot
Bitch if u wear sweatsuits n ponytails every day kill yoself
lol that was you at that Young Life thingy?
Shout out to my nigga tony_t
it was good, i'm always dazzled by how tricky people are at things like that. and always think they should meet you.
”What's up with you? Not much. What's up with you? Not much...what's up with you?”
I just wanna go home -_- I mean being kidnapped by friends is cool and all but......
Help stop Child Abuse - read true story - "I've Always Known" on amazon, only you have help, tell a friend, child abuse is real
I love my parents <3. They are awesome!!!!!!
Back @ the County Line on Lake Austin tomorrow with Walker Martin on fiddle! 6-9pm
I didn't know they still existed
I won't be on twitter for a bit, don't unfollow. Follow me on instagram: ClaudiaRomina :p take care everyone! Xx
Just returned from Minneapolis. A lot of talk about new Vikings stadium. Don't you need a team first before you build a stadium?
lmk when you get the answer
I agree & we do use #r for pilot experiments &c., but #mallet is easier to integrate into e.g. web viz apps.
#FF BlueGrace sponsored fighters #UFConFox May 5 !! Can't wait for the event!
If i had a penny for everytime you were on my mind i would only have a penny because you never were off my mind.
I want to find someone that can create a high energy intro video in a week.
“: Q: What do you think is behind some Americans' fear of Islam? #GOODask” Smart.
My mind is blown. And I agree! RT Overheard today: "I think should come twice this week."
It don't matter your race, just take a blunt to the face.
This ADHD though...
good morning luv
Havel leaves a stable democracy in his wake. Il Jong leaves an unstable dictatorship for us to worry over. Sorry.
mosquito's suck
Thus fortified with strong coffee and Jordan almonds, I shall complete the grading today. I SHALL.
I'm up for the challenge
Bieber Beats Kim Kardashian as Most Searched Person of 2011.
It was so great to work with you for the month of March! Congrats on such an amazing job in the community!
Rolling Stones at Forest Hills, 1966. I was there!
i love you <3
if you are at the store buying d-con for the mouse that you use on your computer you might be a digital redneck!
This day already sucks.
MMIC --->>> Mary Jane Permit
Very thick fog out there this morning. Give yourself some extra time traveling.
Noah gets hurt & the crowd goes wild! That's fucked up kinda. Hahaha but it's funny as fuk
If peeing your pants is cool consider me Miles Davis
Common midterms are the worst. I would have already been done for the day.
I like cuntries with good vaginal exchange rates
#ItsFunnyHow you brought that up on the first day of black history month. More like ironic but whatever hopefully you got it.
nothing like a little hootie and the blowfish to make for a productive monday :)
I appreciate it. :) Thank you.
no one else like her...b4 or after...mainly posting this one for educational purposes to a certain "writer"..
Heard the son in the other room cheer on that goal! Kinda pissed me off.... #BadMother I take my #CAPS seriously!
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Cause damn your face is fucked up ! ;)
Mr.Keisel your thoughts so far on our Draft.Decastro,Adams and Spence..
Worn Jeans twice this week already and the duvet/comforter is back on the bed...
well then let's have that conversation Billion times more. :P Fine Then. We are equally the same. How was your birthday? :)
I've put it off long enough, time to build out the networking piece for the VMwolrd lab with my old enemy Visio...
lol! That doesn't even compare to what I was like watching that movie!
heck, it wasn't like this back in 2002 when i did my first linux install with Gentoo. These dang kids and their Ubuntu!!
btw....#josereyes is bush league. Mets fans deserve better then that.
Excited to meet at tonight's meeting! Bringing my canned goods for too! Will I see you there?
welcome!:)x
you are most welcome
sorry for the massive amounts of tweets!
so hows everybody doing tweet me if u want 2 follow me ill follow back
we'll just see about that!
I think 99% is pretty inclusive, I haven't seen any antisemitism, or any exclusion at all , really.
Your welcome! Glad you liked it! :D
Starting #2012 off with cold pizza and playstation 2
Absolutely agree. RT : T2: I think this is an issue where the minority rules the majority... Most arent skeptical.
Big shot maker
Thanks for following, Alex! :-)
Don't dwell on what went wrong, figure out what went right and do more of that!
Words of wisdom from my young friend .. "Tomorrow, Another Day -Another Opportunity! #wordsofwisdom be proud
Discussing Fridays SJ Bike Party this evening. Any comments or suggestions? How was the bike powered music?
no prob gwyn some girls like that.im just nota fan. guys just do it to show off and it's embarra on their part cause they can't pull it off.
You best get to Tweetin, Cuuuuz....Share your words of wisdom with the TwitterVerse. haha
Omg ! Come on Patriots ! #super bowl
are you replacing Tiger! Welcome to the tour. lol
Overheard on Manhattan subway: "Me and my boyfriend met at White Castle".
Good luck to all the marathoners! Stay safe!
Entertaining drive in this morning (despite the traffic) laughed out loud at both and on
tweet people
National Coffee Day? Are you kidding me? enoughisenough. Go sit in the corner.
You know I really do have the best family in the world!!! Thanks family.
if I'm Mr. Tebow I follow that jersey right to the end zone
Had a great time today doing a read threw with today 4 our upcoming film #HearMeWhisper #BRT fans will see new side of Melissa!
Word of the day: majie (Chinese). To curse the street. This is pretty much what the Occupy Wall Street protesters are doing.
Not again... The cycle is repeating itself.
Never do something you don't want to explain to the paramedics later.
I can't right now. I CAN'T RIGHT NOW
It's decided. I'm learning to play the blues. Well maybe haha
lol I need to lol god night cutie 😊👋lol
He was one of the people who voted no on the Middle Class Tax Holiday. His reason was that it would cut into SS.
Wait till you hear "Beautiful Day" by George Centeno. It could be the big hit in 2011. Massive buildup and big floor sound!
A brand new natural detoxicant - a refreshing slap in the face after a night of drinking - BuzzkillR
Don't get confused between my personality & my attitude. My personality is who I am & my attitude depends on who you are...
Remember when we dominated JV? Hell yeah senior year!
Arby's is actually good, what are you talking about
In short, I'm doing OK, and have started with very short runway. Am at user research stage derailed by pink-eye. TMI?
Who Hacking Justin Shit?!
Deep up in deep up in Deep inside your love
Please read that last with as little melodrama as possible. Point is, we're too young for this crap aren't we?
Can't sleep
Thanks David! I will take a look at this tomorrow.
is changing the #world one #woman at a time. Hear about her project Shine on Sierra Leone and how you can help.
Someone should do a writeup on congress members mastheads & what sort of msg they're trying to send. Issa has hot air balloons over a field
Like Lisa Marie Presley? Really?
finally i'm up. much needed sleep last night after 5 days of lack of it, plus the trip to the park with little lady really was the KO punch
do sponsors' past success help to predict future bill success? not sure how you'd figure that tho.
Love this!!!! #GOODLAWD! would be the operative word!!! Amazing...Follow your boy back....
Matty and Jenna are meant to be together! ah,
Yeahh. Oh well :)
Me please!
Ashlee Simpson covering Dave Matthews band is possibly the worst sound I've ever heard. It was like bleeding out of my ears.
was that "why" intended to be a "what"?
lol cool cool
Shiiiiit, #prom better be all that and more
*starts chugging nyquil bottle*
Good friends w/ as well...So I am always reppin your vids too! Lol :)
In the shade
Second record so far during the Mega Pain Drive from Texas to Chicago. Probably gonna listen to a third before this is over.
on the extra $1M, I'd do it for that Willis was always better in the NL than AL in has career, & fan base would apprec. the effort
“: Did you know "DIET" stands for: Did I Eat That?”
MT : Exciting find: #homemovies of #Omaha, NE African American community residents & activities, late 30s-early 40s. Soon 2b online!
i see your runaway smile.
And presidential candidate.
bitch stop playin wit me!
fasho, just submit em im the site and ill make sure they're featured. Hmu if u need beats/ mixtape host etc..
I can see more of your face!
Just put the finishing touches on our food stamp fraud story for tonight at 10 on It's pretty shocking.
what choices ? Lol
don't hate. he's the only male i know who's not going to try and have sex with me. cats are where it's at.
We're OPEN! Parking is available on the side streets. See you soon!
I hate feeling like this
Olive green with wood paneling forever
There is only 3 people left on idol. So why do they have it on for 2 hours.?
cant wait till i get your book!! it will be legit;)
#StupidAutoCorrect..."Know" anyone?
I think you're pretty much awesome.
my air is even newer, and has a core i5, not duo.
wht it is so i could check u n ur babi out
Damn, I forgot how awesome Logan's Run is.
I can't believe the school year is just about half over... Time is certainly flying by.
I love when I see a typo after I have sent a tweet. Crap! Lol
I agree, but I don't think he'll let himself hit so long as he's their only steady offense.
Hahahahahaha was this bc of my boss tweet?!?
awesome, good to know. I'll get started on it soon thanks
yeah the question was how's it over there in Miami then in Texas? (:
Just graduated.
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same. Hubbard
If ur looking for a new blog that will make you literally LOL then make sure to check out Absolutely hilarious!
what you doing man?
haha exactly :P
We are now looking for summer social media interns! Follow and send your resume to .
wow can't wait for an interview with you. you know we are located in miami beach
Wow, I've been off twitter all day and I have to say, I'm extremely touched by all the well-wishes from my friends.
yehhh that's not me...
Hill with 29
happy bday shy gurl....u home?
try now
Spurs vs. Clippers! Where u at ??
Fixing up my intro of last unit on Silk Road for tomorrow. Any cool resources?
tell that to Michael Moore
how much?
#GLEE hypothesis: Rachel doesn't get into Niata (is that right?) and comes to instead? #pleasepleaseplease WE HAVE BUNNIES!!!
If We Ever Forget That We're One Nation Under God Then We Will Be A Nation Gone Under - Ronald Reagan
Oooookkkkk...i'm ready!
I'm good I never see y'all when I come to the city
forgive your enemies, but don't forget their names
RT : "could somebody please tell BBC's news presenters how to properly pronounce Louisiana?!" That's Looziana, BBC
HOW ARE YEW
Good Morning. Leave me a message if you got time and/or check out www.myspace.com/djnlyte812 www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/ Have a good day
Thank to all who came out to St. Luke`s grand opening of the all new Heart Institute! We had Liverpool, Ida McBeth, and The KC All Stars!
I hate micromanaging
I'll stop saying red rocket :)
Committed is going to win the sing-off
Well Yum!
Goin to church(:
IMPROVISERS! I'm looking for good warm up exercises for 2-person team. Recommendations much appreciated!
I think school is overrated.
my mom Passed away after 8 years of me watching her suffer and get worse every day for 8years and 4-26-08 she died
The universe is not made of Atoms, it is made of millions of tiny stories. — Joseph Gordon-Levitt
It was weird because my sister and this other person asked me around the same time and don't know each other.
#maisloucoque nun-see just got a sneak peek of that new Nancy record engineered by John McEntire of Tortoise it is amazing!
Sleep is fucking impossible because these thoughts of mine keep me up.
Workforce: sustainability is a big problem with all arts-engagment.
Thanks for the heads up...hope you're well!
I have this red pen... And now there is red ink on my arm and shirt... HOW? -.-
VA - Tree Of Life - OUT NOW!!!
okay tho you saw my new pic of a real Mexican Stevan is??
Question about vouchers. Emanuel: I don't believe in private money for public school system. But I support school choice. Hmm...
My car looks like I hit the shit out of Tinkerbell!
be GRAND. stand GRAND. live GRAND. while eating nutella ;>)
New flavors: Banana, Blue Moon, Dreamsicle, Mint Chocolate Chip, Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip, Red Velvet, and Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough.
We have FREE Bus to Fla for Trayvon Court Case...
The women of The Help are killing it tonight at the
Apparently my street has become Loud Truck Junction this week.
Going to see it today - AMC Barrington 30 Theater! I've heard all good things so far.
My friends rock.
That game hurt more then the blowout.
Not if Bosh can't play. And never count out the Spurs. They're as deep as the 76ers and they actually have star power.
your not the only one who loves the name scarlet I would name my daughter i"cough " I mean our daughter"cough" Oops xD fail
It's Barry Switzer's 74th birthday and #OU still #sucks!
Heartburn and sleep be damned, I'm going to the gym.
lol uhm im on my phone.,
I'm trying to think of a cataloging joke
glad to hear :]
Do they refund the difference? Sounds like this has been a fun project! :)
what's good buddy? Good luck next week!
do you want to only display part of the post its self, or are you truly using the post excerpt field in the post editor?
How long?
One Love
I would just like to add that I HATE Funny Games.
RT Fitness experts say thatonly a small percent of your meal should be comprised of fat
sure, it's in my bag--remind me if I forget
Who does a class project in the last six weeks of school?
diversity training?
COUPLES NIGHT! COUPLES ENTRY 2-for-1!
Let your presence be felt! Like Barry said - tweet your local representative to let them know how you feel
Stoked to welcome to as our new Marketing Manager :)
Lance, I'm looking for a somewhat inexpensive but awesome app for web development on my Mac. Any recommendations? Thanks!
Teressa Valla- I create and order is transformed.
haha it's a joke
nice photo i love all the black and then the purple and red, cool image !
I asked my dad what he wants for his birthday and he said nothing but a gold rolex with diamonds xD this foo
it's about time!
seeing a fighter of your caliber content to simply "get the W" is like watching Blake Griffen do an hour of layups.
Nothing like leaving the house at 530 in the morning
I am pretty good at remembering them tho
best part about being a college kid: you can drink no matter what day or what time it is and it's perfectly acceptable.
my ears are still ringing from today. hah.
Not enough D from the
#ala2009 - For Meet the Author events in the exhibit hall, are there books to buy there to get signed? Or do we bring our own copies?
Whats on TV?
I wasn't there for cheesecake. Was cashing in on my Bieberclaus gift certificate from KD. You catching some rays?
Hi there. Any info on Panthers' Draft Watch parties Thursday night?
Ridiculousness & Napoleon Dynamite. Ftw. With Paypay :P going back &forth^.^ i miss Rob &Big anna Fantasy Factory ._.
Drawn Dead Pro Takes down $15 thousand pot in first hour of action..total over $18,000
The test wasn't as hard as I expected.
Peaceful Litigation Settlement - Emphasizes negotiating your case without the court making the decision.
but after riding a bike for a year, there's still some idiots in cages that need to learn to drive.
We're students promoting the honda crz hybrid by collecting/recycling cans to fund road trips. We'd love your support!
Do I smell a Ted's Take? What rhymes with Pedro??
Thanks for being our guest and giving us a great review!!!
no. He's on his own this trip. You going?
It's 8 AM, I've been at work since 6, and I already have garlic-breath.
“: I would go in on this #ghettodreams TT but I feel like all the white ppl are getting too much of a kick out of it” yes we are
Following. Please follow me, Katt! I LOVE your tweets and I love you because you're a funny guy!!!
Trial of accused #freeway shooter Stephen Dragasits could last 5 weeks. He faces attempted murder and other felonies from 4/11 incident.
Funny I am getting more work done while listening to the Casey Anthony trial. Gets me in paralegal mode :-)
BookHolders needs USF students to sign up for flyering!! Come in to the store ASAP to sign up!
LeBron James' Latest Comments Prove Miami Heat Star Is a Loser - Bleacher Report
Keep up the good work! “: Day 3 of training for the ... Start with a 3 mile beach run. LEGGO!!”
Watched "The Help" last night, a riveting drama with a predominantly female cast that doesn't come across as "chick flick." Four Oscar Noms!
Someone hang with me, I'm in camby all alone :(
Congrats to and for take-off today!
Good morning! :-)
Ribs, potato salad, corn-on-the-cob, baked beans, and iced tea. Medicine.
Cameron in Parliament on phone-hacking scandal
Man. Brad Dougherty is taking no prisoners.
thanks! Appreciate you taking the time to let us know.
I do have to admit you are one of the baddest bjtches at our school lol ;D haha
RT : RT Adversity causes some people to break and others to break records. Break a record today!*
Why can I not look away from spoilers? Why?
yes he's amazing and what about there clothes omg!
I actually don't care to help dad with the cows. The baby ones are adorable! 
That's very creepy of you, Adam... but yes they did. " tell me they got a close up of you smelling her hair..."
Today is Blue Friday at work
My grandmother just called Zac Efron a hottie. I can't even with her.......
RT I look forward to meeting you next week! #ATLProfile <Look forward to meeting you too! Thanks for your interest in ATL Profile!
great webinar #socialtruth - packed with great info. Marquis Jet??
great get Rachel!
Wade do ur thing! #Heat nation stands behind you!
I'm not trying to be creepy just having fun...
OH! I should have mentioned, we were referred to this case by your friend that you referred to us for the trust (MM)! So, really ...
oh girl i gotta tell u somethin juicey!!
Thanks for the shoutout, Jeff! Hope you enjoy "Founding Rivals."
We'll save a seat on the couch for ya!!!!
Please!! is one in 17 million the chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!1
President Carter, young money Democrat - Wayne
Excited to see another autumn, it's such a perfect time of the year! Also, there are plenty of great shows and albums coming up very soon
DM'd you hannah
I banished every memory you and I have ever made ..!
Prob. Not RT : #nyy #yankees ... will TEX make good on his ST promise to BUNT on occasion, just to get them to shift less ??
Anyone tried our delicious ?
ya, I was bored and not tired
Thank you. I agree. Amazon Publishing does a great job designing all of my covers.
yo, what's busier... bridgeville or robinson at 530?
THAT isn't the free market; that is oligopoly using power, money and influence to continue to funnel $ to the top. #sustainability /end rant
Pinnacle Airlines files for bankruptcy in U.S
I'm gonna love you like I've never been broken. tonight I'm letting go
Can you tweet a larger photo of your T.O.C.?
Toure is in LA today, working out for The Lakers. Good luck
what the heck is a umami burger?? Lol
My house just erupted with cheer when my kids found on NBA2k11. drafted in the 6th and think evone else is crazy for passing on him
I feel like the Romneybot may need an OS upgrade.
I don't know if you're supposed to?
: We feel your pain! There's nothing like a cold shower in a foreign country to make you awake and alert...
Need help!! How do I pass a drug test
Watch makeover show on Veterans that aired Friday. Inspiring and tissues needed...
I wonder what the record for tweets per minute is
1/2 of my double done at work. & I'm ready for round two!! #CashFlow $$$$
Bissinger says that The University of Chicago was part of the Big 10 and took #CFB out to save academics. It's possible to ban
so true though! You would much rather cuddle with Abby than with me :(
I'm lookin pretty rough right now.
is wow factor and some people may be horrified.
The conversations we have in health class. Im really suprised things arent akward.
Get at me on instragram
is officially verified.
its not english !
- ask Stumpf why there's no relief for people that pay their bills. We own 2 homes & are land lords because we can't sell!
watch the game yet?
Friday, Oct. 15th Emmy Award-winner Wanda Sykes brings her smart-witted stand up comedy back to the Chi Showroom @ Planet Hollywood
Hey - Any news on what to do with my white Lumia 900's purple screen?
yess you are. i like die a little inside everytime i see you. :o
Voyages to Antiquity wins Best Guest Speakers in 2011 U.K. cruise awards. Eager 2 sail again as part of award-winning team!
Love the book. Love the interview.
Thanks for sharing with everyone!
Dana - Greg is ALWAYS a special treat :)
New layout and updates coming to hierosonic.org soon, including a new merchandise store front. Stay tuned...
In two hours I will be coaching my football team to another victory and we will be 6 and 1 and on to the playoffs.
what's up?
I hope Brian Long appreciates the cursing on KSR today.
yes it is! Good luck with that. :-)
Feeling extra tired today, day off tomorrow though
Haha darn! Can you eat chicken wings?! Weds this month I'll be at Riviera. But we'll need to find a bets off night soon too!
finals next week. drive home on friday
SO Kenyon won't be back with the Nuggets? ": JRs playing in china, kenyon's bck in Dallas chilling"
It's #Monday and I already feel work out. I think I'm ready to #retire and move to Florida.#justanothermanicmonday ?
I just saw that poll in the #MKE Biz Journal re #streetcar project. I didn't realize opinion was that unfavorable. Me, I'm not sure.
Let those who have never violated the sanctity of the marriage vow be the ones to say a same-sex union violates the sanctity of marriage.
oh oka....cool the one i use to use was yellow and it had a diff lay out. I think you could open it from your browser.
My family is constantly trying to play matchmaker
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on San Arcana in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
So it's official my family loves my bf because they have no problem taking him to meet the rest !(: I can't wait to show him off.
The Baltimore's own love story on the west side is being shared in about an hour. Wall#8 Plaque installation 330 N Howard St
Family party!
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
Tension relieved! Video done! I love technology.
Thanks for the recent RTs:)
I'm taking a break from life...
The phones are ringing OFF THE HOOK! So much so that we apologize for long hold times today, but you can also purchase by fax or in person!
FINE WIT ME
This storm is shaking my house like a damn earthquake
#NextGirlfriendRequirements not to be on some games, funny, and they aren't depressed 24/7
RT : I WANNA GET YOU IN THE BACKSEAT WINDOWS UP THAT'S THE WAY YOU LIKE TO FUCK.
Seattle peeps: I'm selling a toddler car seat & kitchen booster seat, & giving away a dresser. Ping me if you want photos.
I wish , and would notice,RT and follow me someday it would mean the absolute world to me!!!!!!
that's my understanding
LoL its a leftover convo from yesterdays Beach Pics. ;p
The museum is honored to have On display for the world to finally see. It is time everyone starts Believing.
Vlut: A virgin that acts like a slut
thanks to everyone that celebrated the holidays with us last night at Turner Hall! such a wonderful concert ♫ photos & videos coming soon...
Not cool Will not be watching Sarah Palin tomorrow.
Call time is at 5:30 for Yuletide.. So I gotta leave here soon :/! I'm scared and I don't wanna do this.. But wish me luck anyway..
Online PDF battle: vs. Who is best?
Band at liberty & 23rd playing Batman theme....
very funny fursty!!! I am straight lol
Oh my god he's so damn hot! ♥
thanks! May stick with WP for the time being -- it's not that I don't like it, it just seems a little like overkill sometimes.
Thank you! www.undergroundwonderbar.com tonight 8-10:30pm stop in and see me...
heyy! Any advice for life and music ??? :) I love you soo much q
RT : Create a three month #strategic calendar for releasing your new product. Work backwards from Launch date
same here girl. Lets be loners together.
Per usual, I'm rockin everything (white, byfrnd button-up oxford, blck sheen pencil skirt & a skinny python belt
what it do steph!!! I BEEN following you!!!
:) I am SO excited to stop by your desks on a tri-daily basis
Watching a scary movie. This movie is too funny! Lol
lies. Clearly the man was abusive.
Nice. RT : Just played craziest WSOP Sat on I'm real excited to represesent them in the Main Event again in 2012!!
The only part of my body I like is my eyes. Yeh so pretayyyy
: Happy Birthday girly! See you Saturday :)
You can add your photo to the Mark Twain Bench flickr pool :)
