nothing beats my walk to work
TONIGHT! Ariel Levy in McGuinn 121 7:00 pm. Female Chauvinist Pigs-- are you one? Do you know one? What the heck is it? Come tonight to see!
RT : Jesus and Brett Favre have one thing in common. They're both comin' back... we just don't know when!
I agree! It looks too real!
Previous Accomplishments: Lasers
u still have recues?
the new video is cool! I love the tune too!
average around $700/person
Why would you want to follow me? I don't tweet anything!
Umm so I guess I'm a bitch now? Too bad I don't care about your opinion of me
I never meant to be so cold.
Draw play to Quizz gains about 5 yards, but illegal block below the waist negates the run. OSU now at 2nd and 25.
Roger Daltry? That's kind of funny.
; I would just go to the jam to see his fine as (;
Damn.......another female mad because she can't keep her dog on his leash. Funny he owes her respect not u.
Come on lakers
I'M HAVIN A GREAT DAY!!! COCKTAIL DINNER PARTY TOMORROW AT THE WATER CLUB!!! :-)
let's see the pictures!
If you're just now coming back to ESPN and Sports Center after 10 years, yes, Linda Cohn is still here. Why, we don't know. She's a Lifer.
OMG YOUR GETTING MARRIED!!!!!!! CONGRATS!!!!!!!!! What does he do!?!
I don't even get a try later. I just get run straight into Find my iPhone, which has a link to iCloud find my iPhone.
On my way to #oobbq with bougie cupcake goodness from
2-1 games continue to pile-up for the #SFGiants - last night's 2-1 L was the 19th game by that score (10 of them losses).
Not a good look, lol.RT : Why am I explaining basketball to a guy something is wrong with this pic
it will! i'll have my good camera and i'll be at my moms so i can be on longer :)
. Awesome let's talk about the tagging bc that is part of the video demo at event! Have u signed up at dccodeathon.eventbrite.com ?
Let me know what you think when you're finished.
Safe travels!
NP! Also, use tech to Supplement, Not Supplant teachers' lessons. Tech is a tool, Tech isn't the goal.
Tommorow is like christmas for fat people :D
You have a great You Tube channel, Sofia! What can we expect from you next?
Oh, my go to developer! Love it so much.
this morning was lovely :D i love the dynamic drummond sisters!
So true. Another one of those legends who can't coach.
i really harass her family when PGH wins. She wants to be a Pirates fan because i am. She doesnt get it.
Frantically looking for a place to get rid of 1000 + lbs of spent grain...regular person + backup couldn't pick it up! Need to find a farmer
S/O to all my new followers
Innovative ideas for developement, the sky is the limit from a bottomless pit, doing good and making money go together
Record 90 plus minutes. Sweeten audio on edit day one. Edit down to about 60 minutes on edit day two. Post.
hey u can you bring a black leotard and your costume tomorrow please to see what it looks like underneath please? thank you :)
My Mother Is My Strength My Weakness And I Love her So Much ;-)
my mom made an eye doctor appointment this week...
Changing people's lives!
San Antonio CD mfg & dupes, for 20 years. FREE delivery to Austin. We courier to your door in our vehicles. Hit us! You'll LOVE our prices!
Bracket is 3 for 4 so far. Go Gaels!
Being this bored in geom. <<<<<<< watching paint dry
Woman are predicteble #truth. Sorry ladies lol
A day in Boulder = working at SCRiB Coworking Boulder
You shut your mouth when your talking to me!
Crowd looking for a strike out
ugh, po business mailing dept. I'm so sorry for you. been there done that!
There doesn't need to be laughing every joke, we understand it's a joke no need to reinforce.
Anthony, thanks for following me
I can't believe it took me over 6 months to realize I forgot to renew my subscription to Interactions
I'm actually not at #astd12 either. I was booked for two other conferences before I could sign up :( Maybe next year.
If you marry into a family with 4 sisters, Holliday family gatherings mean an abundance of food :).
Thanks Dave... Yeah... More mantle space needed! Haha. That's a good problem!
#skintip for being bare down there: gently exfoliate the bikini area in between waxing to keep the skin soft & to prevent unsightly bumps :)
Why does she gotta keep saying "As friends" when we discuss my prom date. Like, obviously as friends, we just started talking 3 days ago!!!
I'm really okay with being single on V-Day...I've got a hot date with ! :D
it is R.I.P. for the ppl i lost
He spend, you owe, that's what mommy taught her All ball is played, won't starve today Song after song I write so I get paid
npp :) && im good just eating skittles you?
Doing well. Staying busy, just missing #breakoutkings. Need more episodes. I told you it was going to end wild.
oh its ok we'll screw that person if anyone dares to do that.
Great interview in Charisma last week! I enjoyed it.
Cant wait til James Harrison knocks Tebows lights out
Me: I got a dude. Him: not trying to pull you just know you. #Whosaysthat? lmao and believes that. haha Wish you could see what else he said
that's weird because we have already had people message us on our "like" page
He's a master of karate and friendship for everyone
A good friend knows all your best stories. A best friend has lived them with you.
i feel like a horrible gf now because i took a nap instead of talking to my bf 8(
Great to see you and thanks for lunch today! Glad we ran into Ross and looped him in on our talk.
i wonder if my neighbors will complain about me singing at the top of my lungs to the gotye song on repeat. WHO CARES i'm leaving soon
practically heaven right there
saw your tweet about need to experiment in this 'media life' - can i ask: what means #medialife to you? thx!
I'm the voice of the people. Sorry, people.
In other news #Obama is in town for that commencement speech at Columbia University. #Traffic is already a nightmare
hehe and Ben needs better taste because Brad Pitt isn't even that cute XD
You are working on a Saturday?
If an organization sends you scholarship info for graphic design students typed up in Comic Sans, what should you do?
I'm embarrassed it has taken me so long to try this place out. Just ordered, beer flight on its way. So far so fantastic
Another Thing That Gets Me Is When A Teacher Enforces The Rules.Theres Always That Kid Who Question It.Like You Signed The Rules&Regulations
Want some fun in the kitchen? Fill a frying pan with popcorn, put it on the burner without a lid, and wait for the fun.
219626~ I love how your past few tweets are fake Ariana facts. Haha im dying lol
Disney has the best casting, if he doesn't like an actor he just tears him up ~ Alfred Hitchcock
jus said it in my head too!!!
Another lovely, sunny day. Try the Greek sandwich with a cup of Swiss Chard, Barley & Cannellini Bean soup and a Iced Blueberry Rooibos tea
Cannibalism movies
thanks I'll look them up
You can trace your delayed baggage with WorldTracer but was does it help if it says that they cannot locate my baggage now
I was stuffing my face with the one time I make it on there good grief
Now what did you do my man?
Nightmare last-minute request: "Can we add video to that?" #whyisvideostillsohard?
Oh snap. Raw is starting off bananas tonight! Lesnar/Cena!
"Where else can you, in the middle of the night, find people who are encouraging? The internet allows me to pick the best fruits"...
Everyone, even family calls me Sammy or Sam. Thank god.
I have something to confess to someone I like... but I KNOW that if I do, I will be made fun of. I'll try tomorrow. Whaaalee goodnight.<3
In less than a week it's goodbye DC and hello Vegas #NABEFCareerFair - jobs, jobs, jobs in broadcasting...be there!
Hey Follow Me everyone!!! :) (i can sing really good so if you know people, help me be famous!)
Can You Please Follow Me :)
One more day in the field before Christmas vacation. Lookin farword to it.
Delivering DMV $7 voucher to a homeless woman today who needs ID and then working on Texas certified birth certificate. Best Wishes to All.
I just bought Scott tickets to a game in April :)
Updated to newest version of WP about a month or so ago. That had fixed some wonky visuals in the dashboard
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 60
Yippee! : The move to Boston is official. I'm starting a MPH program at the #Harvard School of Public Health this June!
Ya know, sometimes the Cubs look like a halfway decent baseball team.
The Steelers getting their penises torn off and handed back to them on a silver platter? I hope so.
yea yur right that's why yuh should juss try getting over him nd juss have fun living tha single life, dnt let him stop yuh
Everyone needs a in their life. The world would be a much happier place. :)
I feel like Southland Tales and The Happening both got a bad rap due to the "bandwagon effect".
When I see someone wearing something cute, I tell them. I always love to compliment someone!
With ‘s Riverwest Stein and on the tap beer special for tonight, can you afford not to be thirsty?
Hey the Hawks are in the playoffs.
Designing A Professional 10 page web site. For personal or business use. To help better my education, I am designing websites
Aaron needs to work out.... But he really can't in this weather :/
false. Ill take ya on
did you know? All of the clocks in the movie Pulp Fiction are stuck on 4:20.
I like you.
“: Sorry - the creator of #unfollowNBA was (sorry for the typo)” I just did y part
explain this please, I'm intrigued
Grant Me The Serenity 2 Kno...
...Happy Thanksgiving and thanks for giving!!!
Thanks so much to all of our hilarious guests and everyone who came out last night! Awesome crowd & fantastic inaugural !
just messaged you my email ;)
if you ever wanna know about something you can just ask me or haha.
Just landed a pretty sick freelance opp!
Are we asking the right questions? And, do we have a process to make the connections needed to understand what works?
So I'm supposed to babysit tonight, and my family is like 'best time to go out for dinner!' Uhmmmm
OH, otherwise i hope ur enjoying the conference!
thanks Kevin. I would be delighted to do so. We care a lot about community colleges!
Well enough that I don't think it's worth diving back at it. It's not a very broad topic.
oh no! That stinks!
has a makeup blog specifically geared towards dance makeup! How cool is that!?
foreals and worst of all is that her mom has cancer and she goes and does that.
Getting my daily dose of
Creativity is thinking up new things. Innovation is doing new things. Love this!
yeah! we'd love to!
ur so predictable
I like it...solid PPR and I like Brown over Scott given Pats weakness against the pass
I AM CRYING OHMYGOD HE REPLIED TO ME. <><
yes good job for chloe
gotta get you back up to Boston again soon!
Bought a bunch of shit Today what's new we got a Dyson!It was like $400 bucks,NICE!Eating milliondollar pie.
Boy: Suck my dick. Girl: Could you be more romantic? Boy: Okay, suck my dick in the rain.
seriously. Crazy world we live in.
Everything Lidia Radio Show tonite live on 1240 AM WGBB or on the web @ am1240wgbb.com Safe Holiday Shopping
#Ben&Jerry's has a red velvet cake #icecream - yum!
happy mothers day :)
Sorry to hear that.. Well, I'm here if you need to talk about anything.
The # of Americans w/ #celiac would fill 936 cruise ships yet passengers on 908 of the ships wouldn't know it!
You'll like it. Its more newsworthy, less FB drama. Follow all your WWE friends :) Love you.
hit 'em with the Slam Bam Thank ya Ma'am
Im just telling you the basics, of growing up with ya friends and being the one that made it....
Bachmann said she listened to the people of Iowa. 94% said go home. I love that cnn.com cut her announcement off midway
Please do! More like PayEnemy.
Shoutout to all of our followers & members of BASE Camp! #weloveyouall :)
it sucks
i did see that. they're a dime a dozen
So a horse named "I'll Have Another" won the 138th Kentucky Derby... on Cinco de Mayo. Well, that's just ... AWESOME!
I wish Frank McCourt and his goofy face would just go away.
please mo mo who am I gonna share popcorn with now
Mostly, yes. I will give a pass tho.
I wanna see!
yeah, we almost couldnt fit everything in the truck and trailer when we moved to Illinois.
the 2013 what, did what? damn
Good morning beautiful!
One of my biggest dreams ever is that the wrld could be a better place!:)
im kidding. LMAO be good to the kids. we'll starve until your lecture. LMAO
ha ha ha no shit isn't that the truth. Good luck with the business partner
Had the most meaningful Thanksgiving holiday w family, close friends in Mom's memory...very much missed.
love you guys(: big fan!!(; rooting that you guys go to the warped tour!!!!!
she is just too cute
yes! You do make me smile daily!!!
hey! some1 talk to me! :)
“: gr8 hanging with u today brotha! That pizza is OMG!!😝” OMGOMGOMGOMG<3
what magazine is that?
Wish I had this guide earlier, would have saved a LOT of money in wasted gigs, that's for sure......
Take his mind off raising taxes briefly RT : 's Celtic rock band joins the line-up of Star-Spangled Symphony
How does shit get inside the arcade room? There is literally shit on the floor
Only 4 away from meeting my goal being one of the "elite".
I am on a couch I wish I could stay on.
dollars are easy to come by. Days are precious. Make the most of tomorrow. Love
No sleep last night, grinding it out #whenwillitend #poker #CantBeatLuck #HEADSUPFORROLLZ #
The preview for his new movie makes me cringe. I've liked a few of his movies, but he's gone downhill.
way too tired...I'm in MD, not DC...I would def love to, just physically incapable. Where's 's portal gun???
i have a new phone and number
CB Claiborne at camp, won't practice
Praying for all our students! Keep pressing you are almost through to the promise land of summer vacation!
Hello, eagle pass :)
Is amazing and should follow me! (:
He so supportive!!! Face Wash... Splash!! ;)
man I do what I want.
Imma start over...
- Victoria's Secret Pirate stuff?
I'm so hungry my stomach is touching my back.
Have your subject sit on a stool and then take some shots. Shoot above and below, behind and in front & don't take any guff!
#JFNAGA "good to see that Florida is in the house!" is here!
resting! reading! all over the place!
Come to Houston on the next tour after Warped please? :D
Shorts and flip flops on. Coffee in hand. WWOZ on. Oh NOLA, I missed you.
Decided I'm happily single .
The reception starts shortly. Be one of the first 100 to stop by our booth (504) between 3 and 5 to get a free beer.
World Bank: unemployment 3x more important than other factors in pushing youth to turn to armed organizations.
She wider than all outside
Interested in becoming a My Life Check Champion? We’re holding two trainings. Contact us at to find out more!
we uplift each other!! (HUGE HUG) ❤❤❤
well when you become an NFL star don't forget about me... I want skybox tickets lol
tequila bar in mexico, interested?
Sept. 8 RocknRoll Fundraiser with Deke Dickerson-headliner for Kid Rock, Fitz Green opens! www.facebook.com/grandhavenartwalk
i need to start tweeting more
Stop! Don't make fun of me! 😢
Wiz back...this #taylorallderdice is sick
it's my day off, of course i'm riding around blaring dubstep and hanging out with
When my mom talks to my dogs, its kinda weird…
Very fun party!!
"It's time for a cocktail. Hold my calls." -- in the dream sequence in my mind I might also be wearing a feather boa when I say that.
lol! That is awesome.
and I will be setting OFF tonight! WE BOTH PERFORMANCES! Spinnin #LEGO =) This should be FUN! =)
Collaboration done well is more than just assembling people! Tune in today to find out, from John Canfield, how to do it right!
So nice to meet you yesterday! Thanks for your kind words - let's get coffee soon! :)
Chillin at this fagget ass school with theses fagget ass teachers n gay ass students
Nothin like havin to walk to school on a friday morning cause you left your car there...
If you missed our Arroz con Pollo last week...no worries! We have it today! Served with black beans and plantains. Happy Friday Friends!
Happy May Day! We hope you bring your cheer to the Interaction Forum and come play Jeopardy to win chocolate at our booth!
I'll put it on my minivan next to my Jesus fish.
I understand that
I love that has been calling the #WHCD #nerdprom!! Too funny!
Enough daylight to get in a little #SLAMR training. :) Who's ready to run? Will the weathr be this awesome Sunday?
Dear , thank you for being my Dear Abby this week! You are #AWESOME :)
it was the best day ever!!
♬ Happy Birthday Jerry DeMartini of the Zac Brown Band Have a fantastic Day Jerry ♬
Interviews for work-study in NYC begin in London today at the IoD. Looking forward to meeting the applicants!
you like those bassists? We definitely need to schedule a jam session
Every so often, I think about changing the horn in my car to the red alert sound from Star Trek.
it's ok, I'm gonna go to sleep though. Call me tomorrow, I love you:)
Hey! We prefer the term "Homeless Bozos"!
what's s/t. new to twitter...hope this is DM.
Excited for this! Is there a discount code that can be used at Rosequarter.com?
Marina. 2nd grade. told me she liked my nigga Dejon so i called her a shedevil and a jezebel RT : What black bitch hurt y'all?
needs to learn vietnamese so when she goes to a new salon she won't explain to the WHOLE staff how she wants her nails done!
this chick: jsanders is the next psanders. me: (in my head) STFU>FO. no one will ever be as amazing as .
Gone but Never Ever forgotten.. R.I.H. ♥♥♥
Wassup frat. I'm a young actor in Chicago any tips?
get your butt to MKE and I'd be happy to!
beer o'clock
I thought we were getting married?!?!
Thanks very much, Jim.
ahh... Mind games. I gets it lol
check us out on facebook and get the links to all of our inside stories.
Not sure on the details of how to unlock the "NASA Explorer" badge on #foursquare but there are 3 spots in NE on NASA's foursquare page
smoking up that reefuh.
Thank You♥!!
was up?? i hope we can network sometime stay safe!!!!
so i spent most morning watching abdc and now im watching the national dance team championship, lets just say its a dance weekend
#IfTheWorldEndsonSaturday how are we suppose to watch guess star on Good Luck Charlie that will be airing PROBABLY next week.
Currently working on putting the Tiger Lily proposal together. Hang tight and we will tell you more in a couple of weeks.
Wow! Confirms why I don't play. I never could have done that!
ahem.... tweet.
mexican feasta today yah!! can wait till all the mexicans in school UNITE (:
RT : Hey folks. A new line of storms is forming in west TX and moving towards Oklahoma. Hang on. One more round to go!
The old site is back for me. And I'm okay with that. It feels more structured and I like the colors.
So tired of the "who else are you going to vote for?" from the White House. That's domestic abuse logic.
FUNNY STUFF!
he's HOTT!!
Shit yeah!! RT : Also, this time next week, I'll be drinking mimosas with :)!!!!!!!
playin' Friday at Exit/In!!! playing before Deep Fried Five and Heavy Pets
There is not a particle of life which does not bear poetry within it ~ Gustave Flaubert
RT : Hubby is screaming at the computer. I take it Sheffield Utd are losing.
love this! let's start a #healthyFF hashtag
love you too ;)
ah LOVE!
She said that she's in to me but she don't think ill make it in the music industry so that's a turn off pahahahaha
Yup oh RT : J Cole corny
I don't leave much room in my future for people who have left me in their past
#Hamilton would have past bonds, if he wldn't have missed those years. Hopefully he can continue until he retires.
'Ha, who took a good punch in the face from Ned, was screaming, “I’ll sue! I’ll sue!”
Krull's West, shadows of the stadium.
From what I read Google and others probably only read so many bytes into your page. (cont...)
something about your kingdom awaiting and people forgiving your mistakes #dontknowthelyrics #oops :))
Free show @ The Drum School in Georgetown sat. march 12, 6p 9yr old playing miles davis and some of seattles finest support youth music.
Off to the Schwarzwald for a week. The internet will be spotty, but with any luck, the muse won't be :)
Lol why do I always take my breaks at #420 #pothead lol
You too! And a wonderful weekend as well! Cheers!
CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR FACE BABE
And after last night ...I'm more than prepared to have this conversation with myself
No stencil Shawdy
I support my hometown teams regardless. I'm a Fan, not a bandwagon jumper.
I love it when it rains outside.
Another great night at Jazz and Jokes open mic. Artist and crowd were great.
Well if it didn't come out the butt, I wouldn't be licking it.
Catching fireflies!
Short men make me gag.
Yes, I know Parenthood is on!
Labeling yourself often results in people finding new ways to misunderstand you.
I fucking hate abercrombie. I'm gonna need new nostrils and eardrums
#yrlrc historic maps of california and los angeles
Nothing so conclusively proves a man's ability to lead others as what he does from day to day to lead himself. -
RT : Seau had structure and family but depression comes in so many forms incl from multiple concussions.
I would it doesn't show that you follow me though
dude when I'm up and running full force I'll hit you guys up.
I can't stand when guys have little fucking pissy mood swings... All the time! Chill with all that. Be pissed on your own time.
Seeing all of my old friends these past few nights has really made me realize how fast time is flying by..
My grandmas getting surgery tomorrow. 😔 I hope everything comes out good. 🙏
RT - Jacksonville at Buffalo Saturday night is a pick-em game. The Jaguars must be bad.ptNz
cena bout to retaliate
At Woodlawn Park in NE waiting for Occupy protesters to announce which foreclosed home they will "reclaim" today
roommate laughs and a bottle of decoy
I got patience. No need to lose my mind wit stress and anticipation. Time will be mine shortly and all loose ends will be takin care of.
are you ever going to make "Pretty" available on iTunes?!
If your having a bad day, it's because you chose to have a bad day. Happiness is a choice.
Zero motivation to run, forced to do a 5k, busted out a PR
Sorry Hun, but unlike you Im not the doorknob, where everyone gets a turn. Im more of a casino, where only the lucky ones, hit the Jackpot.
#InstantFollowBack #TeamFollowBack I FOLLOW BACK IMMEDIATELY!
Selling the last of my tickets for the 2012 Spring Fling Festival going down at the Sea Port Marina Hotel in Long Beach ! HMU, (562)205-5349
Did you miss our free webinar?, not to worry another session will be given April 5 stay tuned for more info
what up homie :-)
LOL RT Fielder was running so hard it set off the seismograph at the University of Michigan.
downside of Penn relays: no available hotel rooms in all of Philly
Looking forward to cheering Panthers on over Quakers at Palestra tonight while simultaneously following the Brawl via phone
Friedrich Kittler died yesterday: Gramophones, Film, and Typewriters will never be the same.
bucket of gold
Follow Luke Babbitt now, do it. RT : Just got my new whip: smart car, murdered out. Watch me park sideways bitch
"Marley" is good, but his transcendent music speaks best for him. One wanted more of it in this lengthy film, with yet touching moments.
If someone could cheer me up it would be much appreciated
That's because you're not into middle-aged spread yet. Try Cold Stone "sinless sans fat" ("why bother")
Thank you for the follow.
Just read LeBron's needlessly self-pitying comments in response to Perk & Bird. And then caught this classic trending:
That dern Jet Blue pilot. I don't know what I'd really do but if he screamed "Say your prayers!" he'd be goin' nightnight somekindaway.
According to the latest , the Wisconsin governor recall race is in a dead heat.
Attending One School's Use of Reflective Teaching to Understand CCSS at #nctm12 hoping to learn some good strategies for implementation
Chinese food for breakfast
i can rationalize almost anything - very sensible girl am i! :)
And it's sold legally in most states. Wtf. This country is retarded. #freetheweed!
Woke up so late today 😳
I heart multiple tweets! LOL
our boy Ruben hooked us up with some grub, checking out some rad bands.. lets get weird!
RT : We sent out a special promotion for a Tagwhat channel after #msconf. If u havent received it, tweet us!
WOW! 8pm and I'm falling asleep. Must be all the overtime I worked this week catching up.
The first step of directed masturbation involves having the woman visually examine her nude body with the help of a mirror and ...
Thanks, I think???
RT : US public libraries circulate as much every day as FedEx ships worldwide.That's $82 mil of value every day from lib materials.
or you could just keep ignoring me
pretty great weekend
what school?
I am too.Think Happy is a great person!
Social Media for Big Businesses (via IMU)
Giants are going to the Superbowl baby!!
you re-tweeted my article?
Joel Pett has a filthy mouth! I've heard nipple & the p-word on KSR today.
cute kids at the doctors office >>>
Doc. at the hospital thought my name was "Ese"...i guess I'm biracial..so...that sounded more likely than "Sam"....
Thanks for the RT!
I think one of the teams should recreate the super bowl shuffle!!
": Good morning everyone!" Good morning lady!! :)
Hell yeah, just hit me up bro bro
Follow my new favs! Asperger_Mom the leaves are changing!
RT : Thanks :) Yes, I really ♥ shoes. They are so unique and I get tons of compliments on mine.
I love that whenever President #Obama is in town, he flies past my office window just to say hello to me. ;)
what a great thing! are thyroid problems serious? what kind of help does it require? i thought it was relatively benign.
The first time someone ate my 14 year pussy I had a huge bush!
congrats to Gameboy, and to you!!
he is so cute! NEVER HAVE ENOUGH ROCKTARD PICTURES! hehee love from ireland shay! have a great day
I've started my day with a large hot Americano from a small local cafe. It's perfect on this raw rain day in New England.
Have a wonderful weekend.. world:):)
A man with a watch knows what time it is. ... A man with two watches is never sure.
What a terrific pic! Thanks for attending the Bedmaking Event--pls join us for book signing tonight 5-7 pm
He'd be better off just taking BloodRoot, no lies and no BS!
Ally is awesome, everyone. RT
3 more weeks then I can pole dance again 💃
thank you thank you Santi, wise words and I will ponder them tonight. Good night!
SHUT THE FUCK IP
#idol - INHO Jessica wins round two.
IM FROM NEW YYYYYYOOOOORRRRKKKKKK!!!!!
-.- jitt dumb... Lol don't I see u in school?! RT “: Yeaa nikkuh i can read with my ears. RT : See y'all in the A.M
It's cool. I wanted to stay in bed all day in Italy.
i can't stand wen ppl walk slow
Apparently gold lame sneakers "aren't appropriate" for the gym. Pfft!
Spent my day at town square! Exausted!
bummer!!! I'll email you a photo then ;)
There is only one success--to be able to spend your life in your own way. Christopher Morley
ain't gonna be no comeback in this one- Tubby teams are tough. we don't like to play 40 minutes.
Q:what did the fish say when he hit the concrete wall? A:Damn
Do you tweet? Follow us on Twitter
#IAlwaysWonderIf The things you say are really true. Or you're just playing a game.
All of his students are doing forecasting so it's fine.
Are You Relocating To Houston, Let Our Realtors Assist You In Locating Your New Home..www.newbridgehomeloans.com
there's a lot of post production work still happens there
what is digg
“: u like my abs in the opening? hehe” YES. 
I'll give an update on earnings on my blog in the next couple weeks. It has been very interesting. Email me for more info.
Business and Professional Women's Foundation www.bpwfoundation.org/
ok now im going to sleep
“: ...and onward to San Francisco, dreaming of a direct flight.” // me too. Just later.
yea I guess I will sleep in a while
nigga you don't ever be hitten me up
Great breakdown of #Ohio #GOP primary electorate as opposed to the General Election against President by Paul Begala.
hey Viv, will get it to you today! It's in my list :)
Ok. That sounds like more fun anyway. :P
Barely survived this trip. Pretty sure that won't happen again.
We should go to little tokyo one day and buy cute bento boxes and supplies.
i don't try to impress anyone tho. If they like me, cool. If not, thumbs ip
The FB integration for words with friends is awesome
BIRTHDAY SEX? ;)
looking forward to having you 2012!
[sidebar question for the educators on #artsmgtchat: do you use a textbook for Intro Arts Mgt course, and if so, which one?]
Fell asleep way too early now I'm wide awake way to soon for no apparent reason at all...
I HAD the life of ordinary, I spat that out.
Um…it's the 2nd biggest search engine on the web.
Any big plans this weekend?
Kentucky is the place to b #BBN wants u to choose Kentucky
22 yr old Nathan Rogers charged in stabbing murder of pregnant girlfriend 23 yr old Jasmine Moss of Oxon Hill. on News4
This is how I'm kicking it right now: crab & shrimp burrito. Seafood Weekend 2012.
Can I just stay outside all day? It's so nice. I'm at least going to be outside until 3rd period.
It's #TeacherAppreciationWeek - show your theater, drama, art, and music teachers some love this week!
I don't tweet..I shoot
#cil2010 is Computers in Libraries conferencey goodness.
Honestly, we would be so fucking perfect together.
Best laugh of the day? Listening to my coworker talk to his girl. "You should come over to my spot tonight and we'll get weird". Amazing.
We do for parties of 6 or more! RT : do you take reservations? :)
Glad :-) RT No thank u, it was so much fun! RT : Thank you for hosting a Pure Romance party last night!
I completely agree! They're just trying to fuck the Villa over!
yah, straight elementary status bed time. What have you been studying for?!?
When you take stuff from one writer it`s plagiarism; but when you take it from many writers, it`s research.
The TParty movement is the "Anti-Party" alternative much like 7UP is the un-cola.
I was... It was a whirlwind trip. Barely saw anyone!
time!!!! Best night of the week!!
is so amazing, as a singer and as a person. He HAS to win
Re-learning and re-discovering how to use, read, and re-read affirmations 3 times/day. It's vital for my success in internet marketing!
you, mate! Ready for a real 30 minute LIVE debate on Obama, Trayvon, and race? Bring your A game...
Great news! Happy for your return to running.
I'm good flipping through the timeline. Thanks for asking. Did u have a good
Honored to join the English Dept @ Sierra Nevada College, Lake Tahoe as Distinguished Writer-in-Residence for 2012-13.
You“ Whats funny ? RT Ctfu “ I'm practicing my rapping skills””
Good! Passed out in a milk coma at the moment. AND... we only got up once last night however he peed on me already today. U?
I need to go see these mountains! I think they would make for a great hike. Wish I could send u a gift though =( lol (cont)
Ross hosting chelsey lately ? ...qhe is funny ...
how did the McNair panel go?
ha! I was wondering the very same thing!
while others might consider it an accomplishment...
Just seeing your last 3 tweets, I'm gobsmacked you only have 7 followers. Must be the Packers love... ;)
:-) Have a great weekend Ally RT : the two must go hand in hand.
KD please come through this quarter !
poor kid XD
Watched the trailer for the Ted movie and just screamed in happiness...I can't wait!!
Indiana Free Library's Talkabout explores social networking tonight at 7PM.
American History X-Men
Dude flipped 6 and a half times and walks away amazing lucky that tire didnt fly into the stands
Jose Bautista, 9 HR in nine career games at Target Field...
ha! some days I don't even know what semester it is
Had a snowball fight in Florida! 2010 is already full of awesome surprises!
Cocktail at
How much of the money collected via taxes goes to useful infrastructure? I'd wager < 1%
As in so many endeavors, people doing infographics are mimicking what they've seen, without truly understanding the gist.
If there is one thing monkeys in the stir understand it is wasted time.
yeah buddy
Picked up the camera today for the upcoming feature I will be shooting.
Kinda bored but how can i be bored watchin David Boreanaz do his sexy work
2226- your really hot and I love your Smile :)
got 3 cigarettes left. gotta start smoking mad bongs so I stop drinking and can drive to the gas station at midnight, when my check clears.
Follow me back
No sir!
waiting for you to follow me! (;
you know eye had to holla @ my homies hector sea tequiro and louis de fonte lou tu. eye got homies eba where
any mags looking for photographers to contribute work?
Shogun Lunch! One hour!
can any of you hardcore omeka users tell me if the latest version works with the Timeline plugin? We're getting errors thrown.
RT RT : Only 37 more days to go until Opening Day...
This week: intl edition editors are in the house for biennial conference.
in Des Moines hopelessly wishing I were Hartford or Boston or Philadelphia!!!
projectors and white toplight for orchestras, 2 things that can never be bright enough
Champions start their day with old fashioned stove cooked oatmeal.
Someone said to me, "You're too pretty to be single." I said, "No, I'm too pretty to be lied to, cheated on, and played with."
graphic design www.michaelcalixtro.com
I think ppl put Southland in a diff category of first/only superlatives because it's on cable and not one of the major networks.
What's everyone up to? I think I'm going to go out tonighy & stomp some chickens tehehe wish me luck ;)
New #Kony2012 vid pushes community service at local #nonprofits into the spotlight on 4/20 Cover the Night.
That's was amazing I loved it! Good Job girls!
My main dude how we doinnn
Good luck with it. I know y'all don't have money to burn.
Just got done watching Justin Bieber's Boyfriend music video :) oh hot daaayum.. he's grown ;p
Indian food for dinner.....m.
At the National Foundation for Cancer Research's 2012 Szent-Gyorgyi Prize for Progress in Cancer Research
will do! Things are good. excited about this year both for me and for a little more balance in all things...
UH OK LOLL
#Cubs break the tie in the 8th, just to have the #Rangers answer right back and tie it up. Should be an entertaining finish for the fans!
your welcome :)
You want to follow some strong, intelligent student voices? Check out , and Impressive group.
Jewish people can't drive and they be thinkin they own the road...FOH
YES LOVE IT <3
Early childhood development experts, pediatricians needed for advisory panel 4 new infant learning product. Email:
Missed the Bus
I see lol
WAY BACK IN 1993, Holy mother! the dark ages
Somedody said u was lookin for me...HERE I GO:-)
Hey, Betemit, the O's could have won...
Carlos Santana with his third home run in the last four games.
Carpenter road dedication in #Lacey coming...great job #Lacey Public Works! Now let's tackle the College St corridor...what a mess!
yea juicy
She still sounds like a damn fool!
Bummer, hope u feel better soon. RT : Wow def just waking up after 14 hours of sleep :-/
I wana see Battleship
You were suck, but now you're well again and there's work to be done.
justin bieber never say never the movie
I don't think so. I'm pretty sure it's all on Moodle - you gain access once enrolled. I will verify, though.
Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action. -Benjamin Disraeli
Summer is winding down, enjoy the last few days and don't forget to sunblock the backs of your hands...
RT : You are not drunk if you can lie on the floor without hanging on.
I need Jake Grants number!
Put on your Sunday best kids, we're going to Ikea. No seriously, we're going to fucking Ikea.
Love is the master key which opens the gate of happiness
I'm goin to miss you and so much!! 😘❤
Jealous of the centralized schools. We have instances of Blackboard, Sakai, Canvas and Moodle. Phew.
THiS GAME WASENT NO JOKE!
#team MESSY
Get that keeper off the field. RED CARD for annoyance.
I wanna go to Nee York already
A million congrats!! That's awesome!! Go Brooke!!
so I completely forgot that there was no internet/tv at my house because I was so excited to see my new fan.
Good seeing you here!
The UM Holocaust Film Series is going to the highlight of my year!!!
the sexiest president ever is now on my tv!!!
people kept saying that and I didn't know if it was a good thing or a bad thing.
we make our own in our dehydrator
Dont put your hands up my shirt, and tell me its okay,.
love you.
IS BACK!!!! We will be on our tour grind soon guys so be ready to come see us live!!!!
LOL! Re: snow is coming.
good luck! Post the cmls link!
IN OTHER NEWS HOLY FUCK AM I BORED.
Stuff's going down in 889
y'all should join the allnighter party at #TheBarracks afterward
Gonna go watch some Regular Show :D
So ready for these holiday hours to be over!!
how r u
My daddy just got mad cause I wasn't hungry 😒
I watched the celeb game strictly for and dude delivered!
ok, we canceled your active game, feel free to start over (x6w72)
YES, THANK YOU, TWITTER. FINALLY
lol used twitter to tell me that huh? goof. Just buzz me!
I fix Mac computers. Will pick up and give a much smaller bill than the Apple store or any other "name" company in Philly.
Time for JEM! :D
i hate that it's so hard to find Barron's magazine in Los Angeles, everything is entertainment focused but
i wish i had someone to cuddle with & watch movies & be in pjs & eat with
oh ok
Glad you enjoyed "Founding Rivals!" Thanks for recommending to friends.
Who are you rooting for on ? We are partial to San Diego Native, #Jessica Sanchez! Who's your favorite?
RT Word up ": When you first joined Twitter you never thought this shit would be this addictive."
Mardy Fish is a procrastinator...let's hope he can make it to a 5th set.
Bad call Lovie not going for that yard. 4 points is not a safe lead! Ugh
I'm gonna post a link to a video my in person friend made soon. She's close and I love her voice <3
Shirlington’s first annual Restaurant Week begins today! Dinner includes three courses for $25. Come into Beckett’s and try our specials!
I’m drunk and high at the same time, Drinkin’ champaign on the airplane. Spit rounds like the gun range, Beat it up like Rampage.
Unions are the red herring, part of the false narrative...
Looking at some of these seniors skirts...
Yeah Magic Nation!!!! #WeAllWeGot #WeAreMagic #Salute !!!
Yes ma'am.
Stay away from the Elvis's. Catch ya next week. #iPhoneLive!
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
Please follow me!!!!!!! pleaaassssseeeee
Hes is to big.!
That's how I felt when I closed my BofA accts., I'd been "a valued customer" since 1989...
April 1932: Churchill was at Chartwell recovering from America trip and working on Marlborough
She said, "Kneegrow you ten years too late with the ring!" LMAO!!!
Jennifer Lopez is so sexy :D
thanks so much for the invite! can't wait to the 11/29 event!
MySpace has a good selection of songs..
FREE candy-music-fun-hot dogs! NOW till 8 @ Haynes Park across from Intel just up the hill from Cottonwood Mall!!
Girls week in Williamsburg, VA - fun fun fun ...
Well, it's time to mow the yard..
Myth or Fact: Drinking coffee will help a drunk person sober up.
Just done with meetings in Dallas - good to be with old friends and new. Angus burger from room service is the way to end the night.
The government absolutely should not be involved in marriage at all. But it's an argument of idealism vs. realism.
Today's Quote: "Before you were conceived I wanted you. Before you were born I loved you. Before you were here an hour I would die for you.
no outs. But I'm sure you've also seen that movie.
did your mom make it?
I don't understand the mystery of grace-only that it meets us where we are but does not leave us where it found us~AnnLamott/RT
females (sadly) are the worst lol
OMGHHKP i know the Sydney on your soccer team!O.o
try Perception Salon and Spa in Carytown great location awesome service, talented stylists, great price
The Georgetown Music Fest feels kinda like SXSW, except everyone is old.
smiles slides my arms around ur waist hugs u close xx
you da man...
Didn't get to watch the #Oscars tonight, but I did get to watch a homeless guy pee on a dumpster, so I guess its a wash
I could never:)
Back in rochy..
clean the boat so we can take it for a spin 🚤☀
Hey how was everybody day??x
she does have a beautiful voice lol
Cant wait for the Awards Thursday.(: #makeachange .
That's awesome! > Facebook's parental leave: 4 mos paid; $4,000 “baby cash" + more via
Happy birthday, Jesus Christ, my lord and saviour! I am so thankful for this day. May His love and peace be upon all of you. ♥
Woke up to a beautiful view of the mountains. Going to be a great day in Asheville.
happy belated haavenball. Sory I don't check the date often enough nowadays. March 25th seems time for the annual Haave fam AZ trip
I would say that's pricey.
I hope it gets sorted out soon also. thanks for your support and thank you once again
dam u killing em
You will see who your real friends are when you begin to climb higher and dream bigger.
boning up on #BigData :)
"We used to be really close and now I'm lucky if I get a hi :(" :(.
I HAVE NO IDEA. SOMEONE SAID THEY ARENT
Try , my fav twitter client
Famous last words: "Don't let it end like this. Tell them I said something." Pancho Villa, d. 1923
DrugFreeHome Foundation.org is currently evaluating drug and alcohol detection tech for our national programs. Helping families
We're the 2011 Frost & Sullivan Home Security Company of the Year!
Oh.. And his guitar player. That makes 2 little girl crushes. Oh well :)
always "fun times" happening in !
It's only after someone is gone that you realize how much u miss them
a mindless blank day goes well with a side of vomit. Glad you're at least mobile enough to type.
Thanks so much! RT : Back Then' love this song!
lol shut up
could you follow back so i can dm you about something? x
Shout out to mystery dude on big screen wearing an shirt at #Sixers just now.
Be sure to test drive the beta version of the new website in Houston this year.
so that means that you and want to see me?(;
yeahh thanks for telling me that <3
are you using rosetta stone or are you listening to spanish soccer announcers to help learn the craft of espanol?
No more Mr Nice Guy #Done Nice guys finish last!
Looking for a job on Labor Day....
so proud of you! U deserve every bit of this article!!!
or just send them pix of us during the "winter" in LA haha. Drinks soon?
awe but that's good.. You can do it!
me too
James Mack, British Columbia Climate Action: We have the highest CO2 price in N. Amer. don't want to start to be a bad ex, see biz leave
Thanks for sharing this! Great insight!
(c) I wont be on for awhile. I just need to spend a chunk of the rest of my summer outside. AND I PROMISE I WILL GET BACK ON.(: Oh, and (c).
omg ^_^ you are too much
thank you! :)
you guys bust yet butts for us knuckleheads...you've earned it.
Fresh prince too funny!!
I ᶫᵒᵛᵉᵧₒᵤ ♥ :D
Drunk listening to ... so many memories
"Blue! What does that mean?" "Our house is having a boy?" Julie
Glad to see you on Twitter!
Steven Tyler just said swagger :) yes please.
Just came hard! !!!
There is a wonderful mythical law of nature that the three things we crave most in life -- happiness, freedom, and peace of mind -- are alwa
Thank you, Joe! RT : Nice presentation. Thanks. Joe Barnes
Confirmed, #RBNY fans coming up to Montreal. The Burgundy Lion will have NYR-NJD before the CL final.
I know! I come from L.A too ;D
Patience is the maturity to appreciate the natural pace of progress - Alamgeer Taha
They made another Transformers movie! FUCK
I've wanted to for years, just can't pull the trigger. Any ideas yet?
#FF - This woman is going to be a star for real with her digital illustrations. A must follow.
Special tonight: Papadelle with grape tomato confit, olives, bread crumbs and burrata
RT : Javy is officially infected. He has been demoted from THE JAVINATOR to EL JAVY
How many ignores does it take to get you to stop texting me?
And, of course, the funniest food of all, kumquats. ~George Carlin
Have an AMAZING 2012, everyone! May you astound yourselves.
Convo w/my 3 year old in car: Me: Let me help u w/seat belt. Her: Girls don't need help Me: Sometimes they do. Her: Nope ...20 min later
Attagirl is teaming up with 3waybeauty on a new project! More info soon!
this is really a cool song by michael jackson and akon two thumbs p
I scorn thee, damned typos. Burn in hell.
you disappoint mee
": Is the #Loud cover gonna be a scratch-n-sniff joint??? " Lmao ineed dat
Nice to see some flowers and color instead of gray!
Lol he's weird I'm sorry
Gloves coming off at tonight's board meeting! Wooohooooo!
21 and doing it
will play the Newport on May 23rd! Tixs are $15 in advance and go on sale this Friday, the 6th!
That can be your Christmas present to moi.
Younwin some and lose some as long as the outcome is income
oh wow datz was HOT!! when are u puttin it out ??? cuz im buyin dat
Being sick and somewhat depressed at the same time <<<<
If u a real 90's baby u will remember on sunday evenings&yo mama just cooked dinner&all the good shows come on like ALL THAT #ILoveThe90's
thanks for the follow and positive tweets! glad to connect!
Mine is Watt's English
James Harrison by far.
I have no idea. I hope they are running in the opposite direction of my neighborhood (Winston-Radnor/Govans).
RT : I can't wait to see how my Magic Monday party looks on tv! I'm excited and nervous at the same time! :o)
The #LaRosas lunch was great, it is still one of my favorite restaurants; I hope that there is one in Cancún.
I have 1,234 followers! It's a sign! It's a goddamned sign!
Plz help stop DWP from building a new site next to Marquez Elementary!
And the Whitney Biennial hijinks continues... Prank Alert: Whitney "Press Release" Turns Museum over to Demonstrators UPDATED...
Well, Nietzsche isn't exactly holiday reading material..
haha that is my only memory of you on spring break, always doing that dance move.
As soon as left I went in his room to play justing beibers new song as loud as I can.
When will the #Republican Party live up to it's promises of inclusion and #freedom for all, and stop signing on to projects we can't afford?
#HowToGetRejected ..bring yo Cute friends around me! ..Bitch why you didn't tell me you had friends Badder than you?
As #2012AUGrad begins, realizing next year is 50th anniv of JFK’s 1963 nuclear test ban treaty #commencement speech.
RT : moderating panel on peace innovation journalism with , , and Hanna Sistek.
Incredibly stressful. Was @ the food pantry all day when the hiccups hit & couldn't do anything 'til I got home. They're...
RT : People talk about people flaws all day but soon as someone talks about they flaws they can't take it.
Its so disappointing, families don't eat together, nobody cooks anymore...everybody is chasing the dollar or a title.
yeah, that perfect! Thanks (:
when there is nothing to eat
Ur So Hilarious!!!!! I've seen all the video diaries and Spin the Harry!!!!! Pls Follow me...
hv a great week
Jets should bounce back tonight, can't imagine it's going to be a pretty game to watch either!
i wanna talk to you but i can find my phone:((((((
Win over locker room? He's def winning over the media! Something Sanchez has a rough time doing...
very true.I played NLIP w/ my niece & nephews last week (ages 12,10,8,6) & it was hilarious but i was first out both times.
bout to watch grind! #Bringing back my skateboarding days
no problem!! :) check out our songs on our Facebook :)
Why is the library closed at 5 pm on a weekday?! Boo.
Good luck today Lincoln Cardinal girls softball vs So Eugene Axemen 1:00 pm Delta Park - beautiful day 4 a game
Does anyone know where to get some good business cards?
something special, please.
A perfect and cathartic hour of television - Thursday night's and Already bought the book by Stewart's guest
A tree is willing to listen things that we feel guilt telling a person about.
I had the farm burger as well. I have never had country ham on a burger.
I need someone to come tag my room... grr.
METRO meeting just started. Going through intros right now before delving into Office 2010 and Windows 7.
Did I mention I saw a bobcat this morning?
Great article! Thanks for the share.
can't wait for romney to become president and discover a new constituition buried behind the white house.
great meeting you too!... thanks for bringing this group together
English is gonna be so boring!!!
Off work. Not sure what Im gonna do until mom or Tony gets off work. Walk to the mall and see a movie later, I guess.
Lev is what many quote whn rallying against homosexuals, when in actuality most don't follow all rules of Lev.
You might like the Wilco song, "Hell is Chrome." More for the title than anything else.
no. We just had... pudding.
When I move, I better find me a nice southern guy w/ hospitality. It's bound to happen. Lol.
Second day and time to make even MORE noise!
I believe it. Such a badass lineup!
Was called to NYC to do a reenactment of a murder on Discovery.
Get all 9 picks for Wednesday for only $15! 49-28 last 77 picks overall! Star studded lineup on the menu for Wednesday! Don't miss! Email us
Check out the current print issue of San Francisco Magazine for a spread on Reorb.it!
love this. you have my support to push this movement
me too - um, I'll just blame it on Siri, yah bad Siri ;-)
have ten minuets left of today and than I go home to my baby girl and sleep!!!!! Woo get to go home damn straight.
Congratulations on being LJ's library of the year! I am proud been inspired as a kid to become a librarian there.
lol naw i forgot to take that off
bitches these days don't know how how to be generous
Texting and picture mail that doesn't cost money to use
Been asked to help sell a $6mil pearl....where to start with that?
What a cute little button.
It's those people we played in scrimmage, I hope! & Adriana tore her acl and isn't coming back for the rest of the season..
Haven't seen a Baby's bottle pop commercial in 5 years! And i just saw one
Finally caught up with Attack The Block. Brilliant and fun film.
Check out our app! I made it after my house was broken into!
Thanks for the kind #FF, Cathy, and back atcha! =)
check out world's fairs from the thirties where they were exhibiting tvs to folks who'd never seen them before.
Got it. Thanks!
Hot as hell, tired as hell, my head hurt and still have the ability to hoop
I regret not trying out for cheer
Thanks. I just realized I haven't feed my dog yet!!!
MON HAPPY HOUR @ THE SMILING MOOSE = 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEERS, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS! GET HERE!
asks, "I KNOW YOU GOT SOL?" BROWSE/SHOP OUR EXCLUSIVE: T-SHIRTS, 2010 CALENDARS, WALL & CANVAS ART, POSTERS and GREETING CARDS TODAY, Stay t
And you only wanted what you can't have And baby you can't have me now, I gave me heart to another
Yea, I think the last time was with the profile pic of Kacie and I.
u there sexy?
Lucky, we have generators. :(
WE HAVE BORN FLY IN COME AND GET IT!!!!
I don't but I'll check it out. I trust your recommendation. Don't burn me!
ok and the real talk hasn't was unneccessary
Man I got a real 1 on my side I love u girl.
Congrats on all of your Grammy wins! You deserved each and every one!
For political gain some have selective memories!!!
very moving piece. he really was an innovator
Join me at the #AllianceAustin #ActorsFair see ya in area joining actors from
Aww I was doing stuff for family
“: Who's ready for a new episode of Collin's Corner? ... Episode 3 premiers at halftime!” YES! but I'm not at the game :(
at hotel. What time should I head down tomorrow morning?
Classy move for the Bucs to sign
How far north of the city? Any specific neighborhood?
Tonight we pullin out that little black dress
Dear Math, go buy a calculator and solve your own problems. I'm a teenager, not a therapist.
Please go read current rant!
Hi Desi, it's Marie I hope all is well!
slkunkle slkunkle I could be a *little* biased, but has a hot Twitter feed. Just sayin'. Will go make a zine now.
If I was a hot girl people would like my Instagram pics.
dirty. Always have been. Why you think their jersey colors resemble a prison jumpsuit. Can't Philly slide into the ocean?
RT : Reading new WI State Bar Comm. on Prof. Ethics, Op. EF-11-03 (July,2011) re e-mails sent to lawyer from prospective client.
thanks to maroon 5's new song, im now in a pretty good mood for once. im hoping it'll last
Wish would follow me:/
: browser extensions are the killer feature for me in LastPass
That's after each show's season have wrapped up.
You totally thought that was Tasha didn't you. I'm so unrepentantly lovely I make Littlebulb want to vom on their Converse.
thanks for the #ff man!
Of the drunk. Oy.
are you from the Liverpool near Syracuse, or a different one?
You still hanging in New Orleans?
I'm just a
Never force yourself to believe that you're happy when you truly are not. If so, unhappiness will fester like a sore & misery will surface.
Can't decide which I think is a better company. #zappos or #google? Impressed often with both.
I think I might put my compression socks back on. For life.
Wait a second. I'll be backin a few minutes and then ill look at it
bless your soul
Twitter dnt exites me no more😒
Will my drive from downtown #LA to Sunland be affected by the #ObamaTrafficJam?? Anyone out there know??
Who knew NYC had as many helicopters as we do. All up in the sky at once over this tiny island. Stay safe
The APEX is partnering with Underground Atlanta to present a satellite museum during February.
I don't get excited when my phone vibrates bc i know it's only twitter.
rocks my socks of <3
Its fine by me if you never leave
Gangster ass room with $450 to our disposal over two days. Gonna order so much room service tonight. Already on weight with
...that belies the joy of the day." Jones on the March on Washington (npr interview)
but it's a Specter logo chain right?
Cotton Tale Designs Raspberry Dot 4 Piece Set Deals
Just tapped, New Belgium Lips of Faith Fresh Hop IPA (replaces Russian River Pliny the Elder)
Burton is no fun anymore
Game five of beer pong. Pfff eat my swag.
... semen into the bladder.
RT : Watching John Getz and John Vickery perform The Real Dr. Strangelove at the Alexander Street Press Breakfast!
Let's Hope the La Clippers Don't Lose tomorrow Lol :D
Nice and hot outside. I love this weather starting to really feel like
": God is talking to all of us, all the time. The question is not, To whom does God talk? The question is, Who listens?"
I agree, Google has search on lock down, idk why microsoft even bothered with bing.
Because we believe that which we cannot see and we trust #God who is #faithful and
Cp3 is about to put a 3 up, and a dagger
rip momma gibbs<3 shes watching down on you guys as you hit the stage each week. have a great day guys <3 love you all.
I have a new follower on my Twitters! What's up, (TheOAComics)?
Yay best friend Amy and heather!!!!
. I've been silent about it because it speaks for itself. I built up a business, and the owner is tearing it down.
We are here to inspire, lead, and create FREEDOM for YOU>>>
I honestly don't care about losing weight or gaining 300+ followers, if I did I'd follow weightwatchers so STFU
And that's not what I even meant. I wasn't beinq mean to the people who don't have moms. And that tweet didn't do anythinq to do
Oh Coffee my Coffee
hey can i get ur num i have to tell u something
Sunny and 75 in Seattle today. It's raining in NYC where I am right now. Not funny, weather gods
#hangover at work. Not fun! Seriously need to go back to sleep
IF U NEED FIRE BEATZ THA HARDEST N THE STREETZ FOLLOW MY BRO
Two great shows this weekend! EleventySeven & The Great Transparency Friday @ The Loft! Rachel Platten & Bess Rogers Saturday @ Redamte!
Because of your awesome lecture of Mahler at the folly. I'm vibin' heavy with em! Keep it groovin'.
I miss #Oomf already .
Bow Down To Princess Ariana
Anyone in #Cleveland getting ready for #Movember by shaving tonight? Tweet it up!!!
Your mainstream rap stars sell a projection of an image..most of it is not true at all..and it's ignorant as hell to even be glamorized
Follow me!! I can't message u back until u do!! :)
Just got in the house from senior skip day. Smh
": When ure tempted to get discouraged, use that time as a reminder 2 thank God that He's fighting"/God isn't fighting; he's won!
cute cute cute
Just had an epic movie moment running through the airport & catching my flight RIGHT before they closed the door. Hope my bag made it too...
I'm pretty sure that noise is written into the building regs for intergalactic spacecraft now
Yes that was a waste, but not as bad as the 20 page packet City of Madison sent to let me know I owe $60 for sidewalk repairs
Totally agree!
But regardless of the timing or strategy, it's not really something you can go back on, and that's good. In this case, ends > means.
The present IS the product of the past.
its Thanksgivin so u knw its time to smash in 216 we always eatin orangebrown we rep da land
looks like an interesting project. I would love to help out in front of the camera! :)
The mint in my Aerogarden is growing like crazy. I think I might need to learn how to make mint juleps.
pics or it didn't happen!
I used to have these shoes!
ugh! I love those things and I break them every six months I have to get insurance from best buy.
10,000 downloads for Weather Genie in the past 3 days... working late on the update tonight
Agree! Last BF was a douche, it's funny how guys will do one dumb thing for a night and spend MONTHS apologizing.
can't wait for the event! #Invicta + #WMMA=
That awkward moment when you're sitting in the dark of your room eating salami like you're friggen' Gollum.
not free yet.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
Thanks for the add!
Starting day two of the #CFCI Conference w/ presenting "the story of self."
I arm myself with Advil liquid gels 2 days in advance, otherwise they pack quite a wallop!
Nasty Girl lol
I REALLY WANNA MOVE OUT
One day till and are very jealous!
Congrats to Scot on winning Top 25 #TSMA!!!
you guys manage to put a smile on my face everday. so thankyou <3
Thanks for the RT!
it's meant to be a comedy you know. But then, so is Veep
Don't develop a social media strategy, develop a customer relationship strategy.
love you Louis<3
That is great news!
Every day I say today is the last day I'll eat junk food... Yet the next day I say the same thing! Need motivation for the gym
Woo amazing song
you should deff come visit the new place!
ADKSJ RFC. SAME. JAKE WAS CREEPING ON US
#FF Great literature & fun follows!
Thank you too!
Such a depressing week. Glad it's over. Vegas next week. Hell yea.. lets do this!
Nice to meet you! Keep in touch w/ us!
RT: : Do you know what time it is? Just 11 days and counting...
half way
interesting. Where did you read that?
done following:) follow me :)
if you had a pet llama what would you name it?
if anyone can beat Jones it's Evans. I'm actually betting on it.
Trying this out.
you can interpretively express the gift the next time we're all together
The Help was wonderful! #armchairbea I got my mom to read it!
mE TOO !! Xoxo
It's the first day of spring and it feels wonderful!
As long as they outlaw pseudo-words like "utilize"
"Don't judge a book by its movie" ~ ...never heard this before and love it!
It's amazing how she never leaves my mind..... I wish I could be with her every second of the day, for the rest of my life.
They NEVER call that on KG rjdjejehrksoehrh
Tell me when you want to arrange a private on-line consultation. I will give you feedback/suggestions on your pics, & much more.
#its2012whyyoustill gettin boyfriend/girlfriend's names tatted?!
These college football players should be getting prepared for an outstanding football season not getting in trouble.
See you at the ping pong tourney on monday :) !
It's not surprise that a white male, likely straight and Christian, isn't concerned with social issues. Empathy is important.
I hope everyone has a good night. Let's keep our eyes on Walker, not each other. If it wasn't for every one of us, we wouldn't be here.
Yay my basketball game was a victory!!!!! We pushed ourselves to the limit and got the results
Check us out at www.slyderfootball.com
What accessories do you like when personalizing your Kia?
ATTENTION Does anyone want a brand new iPad 3. It's in great condition. Anyone interested. Minimum of $350
Beautiful weather this morning in Pittsburgh!
we are cray and love them
which one?
Can you tell me what the fast moving object is above Earth and Uranus? SECCHI A HI2 10/28/2011-11/03-2011 (movie) It is amazing!!!!
Come check us out when you hit town cc:
i'd love to. the schedule is looking snug but maybe near arrival or departure? do you live IN KW? what's YOUR schedule?
Me MySelf And I, I kno that wud never disappoint myself!
It seems like everyday I have an angel and demon pop up on my shoulders
Yo! Ask ... maybe it's a little Haiti bootleg
good morning: )
Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?
Do you know about #NICU the show? Visit our blog for deets www.knowledgesafari.com
crap.. I missed it!! Did they bedazzle the #quadbox ?! I would probably love a
So many fire hydrants, so few fires.
Love Spanish food
If I promised myself stew and hot chocolate, I’d sing loud and clear “Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!”
thank you
CA Grocers Association, "knows these ordinances work to increase reusable bag use!" WOW!
Nice, thanks. Who knows, I could find it.
picked louisville and florida in my bracket... shaping to be a good day.
#10beautifulpeopleifollow < Most popular trend among stalkers, rapists, child molesters, kidnappers, and people with real obsessive traits.
Super cute deal from Aerie, spend $40 and get a tote! Perfect for the beach and the warm spring Seattle days ahead.
that's a tough call-we say toss preference to the wind and celebrate their awesome harmony of free corned beef goodness!
Example: Digital Archive of Japan's 2011 Disasters
good luck. I just couldn't get into that show.
"Hipster Racism" article claims "Race is one of the least complicated issues that there is, because it's made up." - two problems ...(1/3)
The weather is nice today! Where should we be collecting signatures in your town?
Great game played by the Clayton Cursh 10U team Sunday - 14-14 Tie. Way to come from behind twice!
Welcome to our world Hank Gentry born today in Topeka to Brad & Jennifer. (For those counting at home that's Gentry grandkid #10.)
#FF Darn great people
is headed to Giants Jets game and the sun is peaking out.
If this loan doesn't get approved I have nowhere to go besides my dads.. I love him but I can't live with him 👎
Spread the word fans! We have a great special starting today buywithme.com! Please spread the word if you know anyone looking for a mattress
If I'm going to sing like someone else, then I don't need to sing at all. – Billie Holiday
Heading to MetroPCS in Yonkers. Come hang out with Matt Pinfield and RXP. Matt is giving away tickets to NIN at Asbury Park!
About to attend my first student legislative assembly meeting. Kind of excited. Esp. about the free food.
Aww! She was my boss haha I worked there for a few months but then left. I really miss it..
Oh you got enough time to comment on Kyla Pratt's picture but you cant even talk to me on FB . You right . Disappear nigga
i mean i suddenly see some random thing
Happy Turkey Day!
It's happy hour again , come check our newly updated happy hour menu and get out of that nasty rain for a bit.
I really need some #sleep CieraMariexoxo
Vegas indeed!
#ff who is both witty and smart on all sorts of issues, like the economy, books and football. Let's get him mo' followers!
thank you for understanding me. And listening.. I highly appreciate it.
We're helping companies embrace the cloud. Are you wondering if cloud is right for you?
I understand if it's under a certain amount like $5 or something. But really $.10 difference a gallon? What about just $.10 total
Follow - she's proud to be a Bulldog!
Adelante! Mexico's Largest University Makes Its Publications and Course Materials Freely Available Online - Global -… t.co/d01Koe5n
love this look. Michelle Williams, Natalie Portman, and Emma Watson pull it off effortlessly! I wish I could!
Jessica Simpson had a baby girl! Her name is Maxwell Drew. Yes it's a girl. Congrats Jess!
. 21 days till boyfriend . Excited . Can't wait .
And he wants to kep seeing me on the bl what should I do help me he hot tattooed up latin guy who likes me I'm him first guy ever hewas with
I'm Tryanna Pull An Allnighter .! Then I'll Sleep In 1st Hour Tomorrow aha (:
Yes i just did (:
“From what we get, we can make a living. What we give; however, makes a life.” -Arthur Ashe
Just watched her show on HBO-Wishful Drinking. “Resentment is like drinking poison while waiting for the other person to die” Carrie Fisher
its cool though, I just know imma have to shut it down completely in a firm way since Mr. Nice Guy routine don't work
yo DM me your number bro.
dont nobody wont to go out wit ur ass picieing in the bed
Who's going to Rusko tonight??
What are you serving for St. Patrick's Day?????
I have "Beez in the Trap" by Nicki Minaj stuck in my head....
RT : The Hub rolls @ 6p ET w/Jamie McMurray in-studio, breaks down the spotter & 'All-Access' w/
Gym and work all day!!! way to start my morning wahoo!!
US Bank is NOT customer friendly when your stuff gets stolen!
Any update on Mario Manningham?
he survived on snacks
lol..i love u ..but u never twett me...=(
RT GREAT NEWS!!! a handbag will be used on the show. AIR DATE 04/10/12. EXCITING!! Thanks Ladies!!!
I'm applying for the summer scholar program! Keep an eye open for my app!
#FF for photos, to see things on the internet that are better than things you find, to see this tweet.
wow thats good.... I don't know anyone that can do that :-)
Good advice for #biotech companies - evaluate your product on a global basis. Emerging markets = BRIC
Soccer training for the boys teams tonight... 6-7:30.
The kids I teach love Now have own online group. Their 1 complaint: word limits. Fertile imaginations need to write more!
Celebrity Apprentice Time! And finally Star Jones is Project Manager! And she's promoting Trump Towers! This is too good! Hired or Fired?!
My summer is slowly coming together. It's all happening.
Lmao your so ridiculous its funny
I got a free wallet and watch today. It's like this gun is magic
Time for
her room haha!
RT ": Someone should convict of a crime without evidence and let her fight for her life."
fascinating history of Motorola's CI and financial forecasting work from Karen Dunning.
I can't say I was overly surprised. But good to know for anyone considering getting one for a pet. :)
#3day Heading into closing ceremony
Did someone call my name?
y'all goin to the cfa send-off tonight? I might stick around for a couple hours to hack.
And I hadn't even thought of "asspro" untol I saw it on the discussion lists. Guess that's too direct for Japan!
RT “: More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.”
vinyl spring lager now on draft.
Thank you for sharing our newest work. We are very excited to be collaborating with on this project
Been there, done that, doing again on the 18th.
Funnest wedding ever!!! Best Dj
I saw it and had to put it in! Haha“: Friday's 'gigglefest' with me and Michelle made it on KARE 11 News this morning!
Americans for the Arts launches serve.artsusa.org to support Obama's service initative: showcases arts volunteering stories/opportunities
Putting together a "Nothing" show for the gallery. Hoping to get Something from Nothing.
What I caught of the webinar (Q&A) was really good! :) Will have to watch the rest on replay later this week. Congrats!
As a fun exercise, can you name the current or last example of music you listened to? One example per person please.
You all can stop looking now; I've just found the creepiest photograph in existence. Just thought you should know.
They always talking about that pimp shit but them niggas ain't getting no cutty
RIP Christopher Hitchens, dead at 62
Note to self: When going to another library to lead a workshop remember your laptop.
cant wait for miley!
Do you have anything for headaches?
Said I wouldnt call but I lost all control
We Appreciate all the entries into the art competition. Please make sure you vote!
Upshaw, Hill, Glenn. And maybe Konz.
ya went to see last night n a wedding in my hometown tonight ;)
EFG creative is seeking an account executive. Please apply at
What the H? I forgot that Pac-12 names 10 players to all-conference first team.
We're live in five! centralonline.tv Experience church where it's okay to not be okay!
