#InTheArtOfTheCity Contributing Artists : & More!
okay i just followed you can you follow me back!:D
Take away from #amaaquent webinar: neuro #marketing can improve your product performance by helping to select more engaging ads.
hell yea!
well...I got up super early before work to pack to come see you!...so starbux was my reward.
So mad, there's no soda In the crib,great
When it rains, it pours
ha, or the one that the first person to grab a piece of bread chooses.
set times for tonight? Can't wait and good luck on this awesome show :)!
: don't worry homie there are plenty of opportunities for us to meet in the #twitterverse. We'll play this wknd.
#RoyalWedding one-year anniversary special this Sunday on BBC America. I'm so there.
Good nite Drew! Have sweet dreams and stay safe in da burg!
Let truth and love reign supreme in 2012
The warm embrace that no one knows.
Watching kick ass fuck yes! Chloe is my fucking favorite
on the same note.. i had the best dream last night; i was watching tv when a Barbie add came on "Marie Antoinette Barbie guillotine ^^
new obsession=dance moms
I LOVE YOU !!! I LOVE YOU !!! I LOVE YOU
HI GUYS
R/T Fellas don't date a chick with kids if you ain't ready to accept the kids to, yet alone be on a relationship
Thanks for all u new followers:)
I-5 NB to Vancouver- still slow off the Fremont Bridge but improves towards Vancouver; I-5 SB looks like a bad AM drive out of N. PDX
Kudos to #astd2011 our first time as an exhibitor, what a great experience and a fantastic audience. I learned a lot!
Liver Yang Riesling
STOP THE EXECUTION OF TROY DAVIS... DON'T LET THIS END IN TRAVESTY!
Don't bring the warriors into this bit them lakers fans is mad yo lol
Tag your pictures of Monk's!! I will retweet the best ones. Winners get free drinks!
who will be the 90s TV star making a cameo on #MadMen? #JennaVonOy? She's still alive, right?
I ordered it last time and it only stayed on for 10 minutes or shorter smh
check out ..dude is funny as shit and hilarious ..check him out on youtube too
Denial or senile that is the question.
WOW I slept almost 11 hrs last night! I must of needed it..feel refreshed and ready to take on the day relaxing. Lol. Happy sunday <3
Time Is $$$$$$$$$$$$$ An I Ain't Gat A Second 2 Waist -Tryin Taken Mine An I'LL Put Diz Tek N Ya Face / To Da Nine If U Tryin Step N My Way
But don't you still believe it could be an apt metaphor for it? I do.
LMAO bugs bunny been everywhere. he's a real G
Excited 4 win tonight 2 tie up series & a stomping of --
Just met a guy named Thorn Powers he impregnated me with his handshake.
heard there was a 40 min wait at the b-fast burrito place... It would have to eat me to b worth that kind of wait!
Essays dont take me long, but thats why I want to do it together, so I can figure everything out. Idk what to even do.
#LuxBride really loves rustic elegance. Consider incorporating your custom monogram throughout ceremony, invites, ceremony,etc
simply above the law...
hey guys good luck in the next performance ♥. Have a nice day :D
Why are people afraid of thunder? Its just a big BOOM. Now lightning is some scary shit.
The one thing continuously on my mind, every single day, is summer <3 Lito 2012
If I Had a Gun. I would trade in my gun.
that's never fun.
Anyone ever been to Uncertain, Texas?
Once I got the vet taken care of, spent part of today discussing the little ones.
This Lorr Boii Really Followed Me To The Library Thoe -.-
I don't understand why some people don't like the movie Troy.. It's so damn good !!! #bradpitt #
Wanna help inspire my new song? Let me know what your favorite cities/landmarks are across the US!!
#ILovePeopleThat are honest, true, and aren't STUCK UP:)
Have fun! Hope you have enjoyed your time here. :)
RT OnSumMAJORshit My life, my choices, my mistakes, my lessons , not your business.
Kelly#aspenideas diversity directly correlates to radical collaboration
"Balanced curation drives conversions."
its gon b my alter ego after a while.lmao..shit cuz I got a lot of followers and followin a lot on da other 1...BLUNTS
#ThingsThatILike real.. real recognizes real.
Working on a brutal, yet bearable war film..
I just made this account, so PLEASE FOLLOW ME <3
Your Twitter account is sending DM spam. Change your password.
My first helpDominica pizza mtg in Milwaukee is filling up; thank you all!
Third ride-a-long this week. Florence County Sheriffs Office tonight.
Good advice. RT Be so good they can't ignore you.
Follow back please?
RT if you’re excited to grow #tomatoes in your garden this summer!
RT : WANT MORE FOLLOWERS ? R-E-T-W-E-E-T THIS AND ILL PROMO YOU TO MY 56,300+ FOLLOWERS MUST BE FOLLOWING
Healthcare Staffing is showing greater trends in growth then other staffing segments
Ditto RT : I think the hardest part of all of this is having the time & team to do this.
I've heard that Quickbooks is a beast. I'll have to give it a try.
What up young homie? Holler at you when you get here.
Fundraiser over! Job well done Gibbons family and company!
I'm super close to just saying "I'm done"
grab by forces let go lol
I don't know whether to think that's awesome and make one myself or be horrified. It better have been beyond fixing...
Get you facts first, and then you can distort 'em as much as you please. Mark Twain
My new backround ♥.♥ :)
Tap the bottle and twist the cap.
Thias is little more than an excuse to do bourbon shots at noon, And I respect you for it.
ZAYN FOLLOW ME ! PLEASE ! I LOVE U ZAYN ! YOUR AN INSPIRATION AND I LUVV U ! PLEASE FOLLOW ME <3 PLEASE <3 ;D
Let it be, yeah baby.
i was gunna make a cody tshirt but since im broke, i cant... Freakin darnit
hm, I was strangely disappointed to find them.
That strike 3 is absurd, BUT #BrettLawrie has to sit for a while to learn how to keep his shit together.
Despite NCAA hoops, weekend highlight was a one-hour special about puppies. Zero content or plot. Just cute puppies.
At work sleepy Gm luvs 👋✋👋💋
good luck dude. Make sure you look after tha manxmissile
i mean, some of the shit i say.
Setting up my #sports social media link wheel as had explained. Great content Sam.
Do I dare ask??
def sweet nothings!
The fish/kissy face girls do now<<<<
Man,I miss u more...I'm over this month long game of phone tag B...hit me up...
You know a game in Houston has gotten out of hand when they start searching for Richie Sexson's dent on the flag pole.
It's happy hour at #Xeroxdrupa hall 8b hurry over and have some fun with #Xerox at #drupa - we'd love to see you!
I caught my homeboy taking a lovey dovey pic with his lady. The look in his face when I caught him lmfbo!!!
Treating myself to lunch out today, obviously going with -- AND remembered I can redeem my free bday burrito. WIN WIN!
Ah... Memorial Day is here - respect to all those serving in our military! Thanks for protecting our freedom and liberty. Peace! :)
I cant wait to be there savanna is coming too
Almost just died with
Can you send some of those this way? I miss those like crazy!
That pic is incredibly hot.
Anyone have any fitness tips? I'm going to start a series called "Fitness Tip Fridays" on my site
Excuse me Sir Paul, but you've got Beetlejuice coming out yer pits.
every year in conferance someone come from out of the blue to win it lootown will win the play offs
Casey Anthony, meet Dexter Morgan.
At work hungry and sick from the chest up... Time for another DayQuil dosage.
Its so hot watching them drive that car
ha :-) RT : If you don't beat me on the course (likely) good luck catching me in the parking lot.
“: It's like a badge you unlock when you reach a certain revenue level.” Perfect.
oh darn, I was hoping to be the one learning from the experienced folks :)
I wake up everyday genuinely giddy to get to my desk and start working.. Do what you love, love what you do
I callin u out on tht. Tht has to be a lie cuz u look gorgeous
We believe there are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
hahaha. and uhmmmm... do ya mind paying? lol jk. did u have VIP last time?
Girl, NO. That's why I opted for communication, with a journalism minor. I was able to use my PR/organizational skill-sets.
should have an update for you soon, working a few angles on tourney.
yeah man i was talkin to issac about it..im pretty sure we're playing..i was just going to hit you up about bracelets
lol technically the guys looked slutty too :)
Daily grind to get mine!!
Defense!!! Why are the midfields the kings of the pitch?! Cause they're USA!
We would love for your lovable characters to join our parade. Please consider and Happy Birthday!
Anyone in Indianapolis into Morph Suits or want to Morph? www.morphsuits.com and ADD
I agree with your basic point, but in blogosphere, seems to be far less accountability for just making shit up.
oh wow i live in lexington nebraska.
Wow that new anti-HIV drug costs about $14,000 per year.
It.Is.Meatloaf.Night.
I Have The Biggest Headache Ever.. I Gotta Stop Eatin All Tht Pork!!!! Lol
lol! I take it that the little boogers got on you're nerves....wrongy!! I owe you big time :)
Shout out??!!
": RT hey hun how are u~ I'm good boo!! Chillian like a villian!" That's good miss u guys we gotta hook up
what's your group?
you are most welcome, happy to be here for you
Mi familia on Paul McCartney: "He needs to give it up. CORNY. Enough to put you to sleep."
Hee hee :-) That's how we work.
At yet another brilliant performance of
When it comes to social commentary, #AndrewNiccol hasn't lost his touch. had my pulse racing, and wasn't a
Shiiiiit that's my main bitch ova there. Ima stick my dick right through her underwear
Okay, so when is ESPN gonna stop talking about bounty suspensions and mention that a former NFL great is dead?
If you or your friends haven't followed us to get the $5 grand opening admission tonight the cut off is 9pm
I need some fresh ideas for Santa - what's the one, must-have item on your child's list this year?
Luckenbach, TX all weekend! Sat = full band, Sun = songwriter swap w/ Lisa Morales & Graham Wilkinson. Both shows are 1-5pm. Come on out!
Haven't tuned in yet, but love it.
Back to real life
did really great!! they touched the lives of so many people and will always be considered a winner to me!! I love you all!! :)
Thanks for Retweeting!
I can't wait, either!! It's gonna be fun!
no way he pulls an actual 1st half "uggla"...but I agree that his numbers will be significantly lower than his career avg
I'll stuff you in the crust!
Finally got our twiiter up. Realized we didn't even have an account until the coming soon page was up.
I sincerely hope this is an autocorrect situation.
Of course there's always gonna be at least one asshole in Boston starting shit...keep runnin ya mouth...Yankees will always be too btw
There's something wonderful about brunch foods.
A lady asked me to copy a Matisse's painting: "les coucous" sold for $45M in 2009(Collection YSL).No reference in Matisse's work....Bizarre.
Happy Tuesday!
LES GET IT! www.Myspace.com/FaddyDaddyMusic www.YouTube.com/FaddyDaddyMusic www.Facebook.com/FaddyDaddyMusic
“: B Davis it was a good career c u at the y” hater
Awesome past couple days! Not looking so good for the upcoming weekend.
haha I haven't checked my mail yet, I'll check after class, and I'll call her. :)
when are we laying out ? :)
If you live in a renters' market, keep renting — and buy a little weekend cabin for nothing! (On water somewhere, of course.)
Lmao *DYING* that shit still cracks me up!
Weekend is about to kick-off soon! Resting a sore right calf muscle, so I can be ready for next week!
thanks. super discounted and platform. all good.
Big congrats to Bubba Watson!!
I'm not a braggart, but when I was a little girl people used to come from all over Hollywood to hear me sing. -- Etta James
Patron wanted copy of Where the Wild Things Are. Had to call Belmont to have them pull it.
No clue...too bad there is no TV coverage..LOL
Coffee or tea??
this week for sure!
Does anyone know how to play True American?
Its game day. Soccer tonight. My team is undefeated, let's keep it up!
Did you change your Twitter name?!
when i will i'll take it for xbox : ----] <<----dats my jaw droppin and my nose growin caz im lyin
lol you actually found your brain?
FREE BOOSIE BOO THE CITY DEAD W/O YOU WE WANT OUR LIFE BACK!!!!!!!
It's Rory Gilmore on Mad Men!
ooh ok damn! I'm goin to be around there too at krav maga off fredricksburg....well it's up to u hun I u wanna drive to my area
i would have totally slipped my number to this hott dude i waited on.. if he wasn't with his parents.
looking forward to seeing your WalMart trip. I did get it on communispace and off work tomorrow so will try to work on blog
encourage Soul Fest attendees to maintain a healthy lifestyle. Text 'HEALTH' to 300400. Free #diabetes risk assessment.
that's amazing. Love it! I'm sitting outside of the office doing some work in the sunshine!! :) Wish I had a guitar!
If Wade complains hard enough, maybe they'll charge the foul to Melo on himself.
not only don't i know what i'd do without you, even if i did know, i still couldn't do it without you.
Watching horror movies and calling it 'work.'
got the agent :)
WANT U BACK BY CHER LLOYD IS SO STUPID BUT I LOVE HER
The Big Show has now become "The Bitch Show"
It's happening again.
I would like to live inside a Jackson Browne song.
How about we get ahead of a hitter Randy. Just once!
OH you know, just doing our CumberDuty, to ensure the genes survive.
Bankia IPO Leaves Shareholders $2 Billion Poorer After Bailout
Very true. RT : Issue is: some tech - though very cool - was created BEFORE society decided it needed it.
Having an AWESOME time at the DCOTA event right now!
Can't beat the movie Roadhouse.
I wish I could sleep but of course I'm having growing pains right now, like i always do even though I never grow after the pains
I totes missed the death stare. But she was too cute when she won!!
NO! Haha jkkk! You guys are cool ;) what are you doing later?
I'm my own team
#taken by <3
Mornin'! You must have avoided Twitter yesterday, then. :-)
happy Easter!! Come to our island! Oahu(: or visit me(;
writing mothers day cards are we?
funny you say that: found some in a box. Never a gave, but I do like LFT's lures, especially the fries. Magical...
Where the hell is the FEMA guy? He will do a helluva good job rescuing me from door installation hell.
Happy Memorial Day!!! Please join us is remembering all of our service men and women who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom.
so threw for '316' yards.....um John 3:16........isn't it cheating to have #GOD help you c'mon man LOL
well damn i'm right lol
...AH! going now to look for it! thanks for the heads-up! (why is the scary mom always the last to know?!)
Mantracker has lots of female prey, but never does the 'Tracker have a female guide accompanying him. He sexist?
modern money is a medieval concept & earlier forms are most certainly post-agri revolution, so I think art is older
Lots to choose from in our Seasonal Decor department. Check it out at www.giftideashoppe.com ~
Got my sister to massage my sun burn >:)
The South Park Center is now on Twitter! We're really excited to connect with people and businesses in south Charlotte NC!
Basketball overload today.
i like her alot
In the studio
Since it's already the 23rd there, Happy St George's Day to my English tweeps!
watching parenthood and relaxing before going to bed and looked at the clock and didnt realize it was soo late lol
fans - let's all welcome Buster Posey to Twitter: Go Giants! (It's the middle of bloody Jan. & I'm already revved)
Check out this event: The LIFE Party - Tavern on the Lake on 2012-01-28
Got Green? Get ready for St. Paddy's day at The Fashion Attic. Lots of green to go around!
omg your client can time travel? *awesome*
it must be really hard to be Bubba Army and see him spiraling down the drain.. Then use your Stern fan acct, for that show
they will
President Obama has some giant cajones. #gaymarriage either that it he is a super genius. This will change the race for reelection
I love both! I miss my keyboard :( we still have to hang out!
'Whoever has my commands & obeys them, he's the one who loves me...I too will love him & show myself to him.' John 14.21 //Obedience!
Oh shoot... Need to make a birthday cake for Ash! #AshamBirthday =)
real shit it gives them hell of courage sitting behind that screen
"Rat Deflation at Sotheby's" is the "Breakfast at Tiffany's" of our time.
I feel like I need to tweet when shit like this happens, and that people know I'm going to...
Can you try a different browser? I checked mine, and it's working. Sometimes a different browser does the trick.
#Thatdouchebag who's there exactly when you open and knocks because you're 30 seconds late unlocking the doors
I think it would be wrong NOT to.
I thought you especially might like that one
I think the one lesson I have learned is that there is no substitute for paying attention. -Diane Sawyer
consider it done!
thanks for follow up! If you want me to DM you, Twitter won't let me send a msg without you following me. Happy to send more!
- maybe she thought you were a record exec in disguise, or a #SimonCowell scout... ;)
Hit a 3 point shot and won myself a Bucks shooting jersey - all in a days work :)
So happy I'm able to use a laptop again those five days without a charger were horrible.
Stowe's depiction romanticizes slavery. People were murdered, lynched, raped.
thanks for the autograph, Hurricane. Made my buddy's day!
Hi Margo! Can you provide me your email address via DM? I would love to touch base. Thanks! -Hannah
then its not reunion
I want to go on a bike ride with someone.
My lunch is ruined
are you enjoying yourself
You're welcome... I did you a favor(:
Experience, travel – these are as education in themselves. ~Euripides
I miss Frozen Caveman Lawyer. He was a lawyer, and a caveman. He would have been a great lawyer for
The hair might be cute, but it's hot & my dog needs to be shaved. And yes, I mean my actual dog. I need a groomer.
go to bed greg
...#student loans outstanding now exceeds $1 trillion. Americans now owe more on student loans than on #credit cards-USA Today
That's just how shit goes.
The secret of success in any RELATIONSHIP LIES IN TURNING ONE ALPHABET UPSIDE DOWN ..ME TURN INTO WE
"Elections not necessarily indicative of a democracy,"today at Harvard's "Women Making Democracy" conference.
We got a new artist that sounds just like Lil' Wayne!!!!!!!!! He's fucking TIGHT!!!!
Now on Pandora: Phish's "Sample in a Jar." Almost makes me want to dust off "Hoist."
It's funny how I love you and you don't love me back. LOL xx
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
The Black Keys "Little Black Submarines" is my SHIT right now. New album out 12/6 - prepare accordingly.
Since I'm sick of those "RT if you ___" I got one for you: #RT of you're HUMAN. That covers most of you.
so thinking we roll really hard and then go to NV next weekend cause its gonna be the best time EVAR
Finished my IOE flight & I'm now a #JFK Inflight Crewmember :) Thx to those who helped me get there
Oh what a beautiful morning:)
exactly, so many pastors get so caught up in the eternal soul that they ignore the present embodiment.
IT'S $10 Fishy Friday, come check out our lemon sauce for the salmon... Giddy Up!
Pleasure to meet you , fellow Houstontian.
Congrats to our sister (fake) news site, #TheDiggerer, for going viral yesterday. From 400+ visitors to 21K+! Great work everyone!
MON Dinner Dessert Special:Chocolate Ice Box Pie with Vanilla Anglaise, Fresh Whipped Cream & Chocolate Shavings
I know but it seems so shocking, like they're taking all the "leg work" out of writing paper. Call me old-fashioned!
that's so random! Lol
now that's poverty right there.
Cadillac Cafe has a Tex Mex burrito, and the Daily Cafe (54th/Halsey) has a good breakfast burrito.
I guess it's time to hump some mulch around the yard, any helpers?
diplo is sick
I HATE fake fans. If you down with us you down with us.! (Btw I ain't talking bout noone right nooowwww....) - Zaona
cool.see you then
came home to see that i have 500 followers. WOO(:
watching phidnas and ferb and there tring to make a Grand enterence too bad isnt there (:
sounds like Hank's playin' favorites! Ur Middle initial L for Lopsided! Xoxo
Have yo ever had some head that made you feel like you was in scientist
you both are driving me crazy here ;p who the fuck are you?? Lmao
Thanks, Jen! Glad you enjoyed using Bypass Lane!
thank you. We're having a ton of fun with the blog, and the word is spreading :-)
Kobe needs to make this a two man game with Bynum. S/N: Ibaka keep shooting!
Packing up our equipment for Re-Prom at tonight. Excited to help Huntington's Disease Society- WI chapter!
#bbnfam miss y'all too!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the incredible moms out there! Have a great one!
I can go for some steak right now
I can't believe I haven't tweeted in over a week! So sorry, it's been so busy in the store - thanks to all of you for coming in to shop!
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook My ex-wife's profile
Help me out: What kind of content would you like me to share with you?
Stealing the job title "firestarter" from at #alamw12; works better than "librarian". ;-)
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before
We're back on Top of the Twin Cities this morning on Sunrise.. at the Foshay Tower. Use #topoftc to let us know what you think!
My money is still on Butter Bean.
I went to the gym this morning then meditated, what a wonderful way to start my week!
it's pretty true though.
Sometimes life just really sucks.
- how do i do the twitter upgrade?
I got kool-aid in mine! Lol
Hearing to songs and seeing her old videos :') #itsajasminatorthing :)
Tomorrow I get to see !! All that stands in my way is a mountain of laundry
My guinea pig pissed on me ... Ima punch her
We had a fun night at tonight. Did you know that grows Venus Flytraps?
Russell Brand on Fresh Air made me laugh; asked Andy to get me Booky Wook for a diversion.
Hoping for a tie in the MNF game and another #BrewCrew victory! #BeastMode!!
But I lost 11lb in 5 days sans coffee :)
Late movie is Bullit (1968). The good old days--when you could still bring your handgun into an airport and run around on the tarmac.
OMG!! The guy I love just told me I'm BEAUITFUL!!!! I love him so much
Getting ready to do remote support for two clients while attempting to get a sound card working in a Sony Vaio.
ya forsure as soon as there printed ill let you know whats up forsure.tell ur friends to add us on here and myspace :) ha plz
same here...depressing is the exact word.
Did you know that May is the National Masturbation Month :)
I don't remember that part lol. Guess I wasn't paying that close attention.
some of the people i follow suddenly became "unfollowed" for some reason. twitter's messing with me today......
Man... I got bitches walking me to my car. Good luck to and !!
*pets you slowly* Cutie hehe
Happy Hump day
Have a nice trip.
thanks for thefollow!
“As a teenager you are at the last stage in your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.”
that is awesome. I am super excited about watching space nazis get blown up.
lets hope on the eighth of Feb I get paid.
People jus talk to much these days..its some secrets I'm takin to my grave with me..
Well if you keep your pants on maybe that will change ; )
I think they'll look a lot better on the sweaters. Your thoughts?
RT : listen to they will make u smile
you're welcome! <3
ok amazing. See you soon
excellent recap of tornado victim stories---keep up the great coverage.
Would love to see you in a UK uniform! Good luck on your decision!
Transcribing a Felitin Timbero Mayor song for Chicago Tap Theatre's collaboration with Max Pollack. I miss downbeats.
I hope everybody attends the unveiling of the founding line of Sigma Lambda Gamma National Sorority INC at UD this Saturday!!!
That has turned into one of my favorite verses! :)
And a #MerryChristmasEve to you too!
You both should definitely come to #CovertTU!
better safe than thirsty is my motto. A back up bottle is necessary.
RT“: If South Florida can't generate more offense, they might have to start going for it on 4th down.”
I told the MANE TO GO AND MARRY THE BITCH
RT : Wink at the next 5 people you see! Nothing changes the mood like a wink! Mix in a smile and things will go bananas!!
I saw your tweet to ...HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAHOMIE(;
Ran into old friend & former Simplot CIO Ray Sasso this morning. He feels the economy is better than we're being led to believe.
thatcampcolumbus.org is now square-monitor-friendly at 1024. Sorry 800x600, you're still out of luck. we're humanists not gods.
Thanks 4 Prayers, Sweet Sister Friend! ~ {hugs} :)
#PinkTip Your brand is your promise to the consumer. Your customers determine the perception of your brand.
Can't wait for this weekend. Thank you for kicking off the Downtown Alive event..www.facebook.com/events/377967948895204/
ima need to hurry & come back from work
I plan to do an amazing photo shoot one day!
Hockey in an outdoor stadium is fantastic. Super cool.
#OneWordThatDescribesHer perfect for me.
RT "look at them like a golden million dollar baby" thanks lil b
Shoutout to for always having positive things to say.. Go follow him #Teamfollowback!
My auto correct keeps making psha, OSHA. Is bad 90's slang in text messages now an occupational hazard?
Routinely running 5 miles in just about exactly 40 mins nowadays. So I got that goin' for me... which is nice.
L.O.X., Drag-On, Eve - Ryde Or Die Chick
Some Schools Don&#39;t Let Kids Carry Asthma Inhalers
Back at work till saturday :-(
lol I know I know!
KARAOKE tonight at Karma ( on Ogdan) with Carly Rose. also KARAOKE tonight at Irish Knot ( on Fratney) with Keegan.
she's Nikki Minaj's worse nightmare
The Rock Snaps Up Mansion near Miami
I am officially a proud investor of !
it's meant to take over a space to promote something. For example: an event or yourself...
RT : What time signature is "Happy Birthday" in? // FREESTYLE!
So...totally loved #tcea2011! Great info, resources, and tons of fun!
Merry Xmas
Thanks again , for your tweets!
Gays and gals - lend me your followers! I'm headed to Montréal for the first time! Who do I need to know?
as weird as this sounds, you have really pretty eyelashes!
So if you're a pregnant fifteen year old you probably shouldn't be posting pics on facebook of you posing with a bottle
Sounds good to me, too RT : I like that tag; will use for tweets
Reading the list of what you're passionate about promoting, I get excited. Thanks!
DJ on the radio saying that he knew Call Me Maybe would be a hit after being at IU and hearing every girl scream it
Looking forward to it! RT In addition to the great YA events listed, and will be popping by in April.
I dont appreciate his game because hes playing for all the wrong reasons. Easy championships vs. building a legacy. u cant deny.
smh I just realize how true that is. cause instead of typing something over I just used a screenshot smh
Thanks! Yes, everything's fine. Just had something come up that had to be taken care of right at that moment.
Tried to reach out for you several times, dont quite understand how this works but trying again.
Today in 1988. The Greater Milwaukee Committee's Brewers Task Force supports building a new stadium over the renovation of County Stadium.
Look, I get that you're all peeved at North Carolina, but shut up about it... You're getting worse than hockey fans.
Yeah, well, maybe. Though I do span windows across multiple monitors though occasionally (and the panel would clash)
Happy Birthday! Hope you have a good day!!
Very Cool...Love winning stuff!
omg the cuteness of the baby pic!
But that means you'll be paying me a potentially unlimited amount...
I will be in town all of next week! Better see you!
just ask ok well how are you so inspiring is it your hair your eyes or just you im still trying to figure out
Down for going tanning today. #lastday ☀👙
please follow me so we can update each other （＾Ｏ＾☆♪
Emerald City tomorrow
Loved me some Tooth Fairy 2 !
RT : The smallest act or gift can have the biggest impact if there is a lot of love behind it. ~
new vids look great!
Y'all know what I mean by Whiskey Tango Foxtrot? ;)
awww well on the bright side you don't have to deal with the crappy valentines day menus hahah
Staring at my first #writing group submission like the edits will magically make over the page:) #distractions on a saturday
Thanks for coming out and for the kind words!
in the 80's today. that's what im talking about. tank tops. shorts. summer music
LOL WHY WOULD YOU EVER JUST RUN 11 MILES
listening to game on radio FSU feed. Good announcer even tho he's a homer. Go canes. Color man a total homer
ALWAYS RT : bet homie bet my man believe that homie:::
y'all are high.
OMG me too. :o What's your school?
woke up this morning to Beethoven's Symphony No. 7 in A Major, Op. 92: II. Allegretto, saw the sun, walked the pups, it's going to be great!
Why am I awake at this time?...
Moving into the new apt this weekend! Excited to finally be settled!
Not so excited given Kruger and Kindle on the rosterRT : Eric DeCosta says Courtney Upshaw's specialty is setting the edge
"When you pray, say: 'Deliver us from the evil one'" -Luke 11:2; Matthew 6:13
The weather is really nice today.
ah you rock!
thnx “: great win! Enjoyed it from my Verizon 4G LTE Android smartphone! The best in wireless service! shameless plug!"
Is that it guys?? That sounds like one of the dullest MLS policy mtgs in yrs!
Yeah! She said she wanted to come down, and when I told her you and I were going, she really wanted to go.
sounds like a cool guy!
Brewing coffee heading out to wonderful work...ugh!!
crap....weather.com said its gonna rain this Saturday again :/
check out the updated website, now with all the music videos in HD! www.silverproductionsmv.com
Love your blog and added you to my Google! Great job...
its ok i just ate cheese..what is wrong with me?
fuck both of you .
At Seattle's Paramount Theater, Divine Performing Arts put on another fabulous performance.
what did the buffalo say to his son. When he left for college?
“It is easy to make a buck. It‟s a lot tougher to make a difference.” ~Tom Brokaw
Holding a grudge against someone is like allowing them to live rent-free in your head.
Getting really sick of the taste of cough drops
Love the playoff atmosphere at this Cavs game. They REALLY don't want that record.
thank you much. yeh, it's not the ideal time but may as well see what happens. will take compost & water advice: thankyou!
Headed to Philly on Thurs. My 1st stop will be for a crunchified burger, great fries and a Black & White w/ whipped cream
I'm so glad the old overalls guy won Power Fan.
Ninjas can never stop being ninjas.
The Galleries look fantastic, it's going to be a great opening on Friday night.
Learning #English? Need to improve your #English language skills? Free initial assessment & free 45 min Skype session. Try before you buy!
Viva Las Vegas! Can't wait to see tonight playing w/ Macca at the MGM!
Beginner`s Silk Sash Restraints @ www.kandizone.com
Hey just on my way to work.. As always lol How are you?
#sometimesyouhaveto keep your comments to your self .
things are going all right, just focusing on my next job and school.....keep me in mind if you hear anything out there
PREASEASON OVA......to the grind baby.... ;) our sites goin interactive soon... we still need some bloggers... sports fanatics unite!
The margins for the producer are not too much.
Why is it that your menu options have always changed?
Thanks to for sharing the news about the Maritime Ghost Conference with her followers. :)
sure ! Then u stop subtweeting about me !
say something now about the team??
yay can't wait
Grizzly fans are reckless
A little foggy outside but bustling inside Have beautiful purple basil 2day & of course WG!! Come by & say hi!!
I mean.. about you life, something new? :)
#Likeitornot is THE best artist, the man has managed 2 stay relevant & still gives back to the #WEST for more that 20yrs.
Food for thought: We are a direct reflection of the 5 people we hang out most with! is it time to change some people in our circle?
yaayy! I wanna go to the lighthouse because thats supposed to be haunted and they do ghost hunts!
UWS Columbus Ave just achieved 100% occupancy — not a single vacant storefront among 188 locations between West 67th-82nd streets
im thinking of getting back into twitter but i need a buddy... make me feel important
RT Gay Rights:Lift your head & know,as a Gay person your no accident,no abnormality. You are precisely and intentionally ...
See, I always liked you. I do the same thing every year. You menace to the golfing industry, you.
yea yea when u want too lol
Could not have said it better: RT : A huge thank you to all who tweeted #ngs2012 for those of us not there. Safe travels back home!
Just had brunch and I beat the hunger games.
Good morning fashion hearts
Been back to writing and editing the last few days. Now my arm is going numb again. Drat.
Algeria played well against England. Or England just plain out stunk.
If you're not following stop whatever you're doing and get them in your feed. They're gold, I'm telling you, pure gold
I'm assuming this is referring to strippers... RT : I have twins on the way chris and kaden n I love them already
Happy Birthday to Hope you had a fabulous day!
You're tweeting the wrong Twitter handle. is a Podcast, not a Theater. :)
Thanks for the follow!
what up playa? Message me ur number bro so we can talk about this Asia thang lol
lol I kno her song was titled that, but I said expectation is planned resentment. Did she say that too?
Severe Thunderstorm Warning for all of Milwaukee and Racine Co, east Waukesha Co, east central Walworth co, and ne Kenosha Co. until 12:45pm
I want to make pizza. I also don't want to move. You see my dilemma.
you have some hair. I am jealous.
Happy V-Day everyone! Lots of love going out to you all!
": When Leap of Faith closes, there'll still be SIX Bway shows made from movies//Sad. We desperately need original musicals.
Let me set up a shoot for you guys!
Thanks John! So glad you're enjoying it!
simple RESPECT
PROUD OF YOU AUSTIN. love this TT <3
just did! Have a great day
WHAT? Your not running around downtown tonite? Too much TV can get to you Mr Knapp
is at the Jazz Kitchen this weekend for CD release performances with the Pharez Whitted Sextet.
I was thinking about the noodles. But I know you're missing a good California roll right now. *pour out a little miso*
Wonderful #wordsofwisdom! RT: never miss an opportunity just because you might be tired the next day.
this is honestly one of my favorite videos on youtube
how much more left in the class?
was here i love you bum <3
what did you think of the fight?
We just received your feedback email! Thanks for the thoughtful insight! We will pass this on to Bellevue this afternoon!
My mom is trying to work twitter mobile. This is gonna be funny
nothing like some good old will and grace you clearly are a comic genus
New to branded intros "New To This Town"
Belated, but: That was The Real World, not True Life!
out of soap...did it anyway
I'm sure all Nielsen Families are just disgruntled viewers like you pissed that they recast the mom in Fresh Prince
thank you! I appreciate the feedback.
ooh, that's a good one. i thought of a collar with a built in retractable leash but my hubs said "stupid." such a meanie
I still got it for ya
That moment where you get all comfy in bed to watch tv while the kids nap then realize the remote is across the room on the floor.
Not trying to be discriminatory, but my supervisor was a woman:)
WHY PAY AN IN HOUSE ARTIST THROUGH THE SLOW SEASON???
Writing a essay in the clouds... I'm bad. 😁
Cute outfit!
Leaked next-gen iPhone part casts doubt on Liquidmetal case
: No I agree 100%. JL3 blew the game for Bulls. Korver was open. JL3 kept dribbling. Never want to see that dude again.
Does this mean you agree with how he handled the situation? That seems to be what got him the ax.
Hi Scott. Sorry, but Liberty is not included in this round of 4G expansions in IN.
Excited to be using my new #billboardBag for the first time out shopping.
The Arch firm I work for is blocking Revit blogs but Facebook is available.
Hehe you're welcome & spaghetti is awesome ;) & nah I really need to start working hard now, or I'm gonna fail big time. &
Awesome goal ladies but it's not over yet.
As promised, click on the link provided to print off ur free Blueberry Banana Nut Oatmeal w/ purchase of any beverage coupon!
No one could ever replace you or mean as much as you do. You mean everything to me. Just remember that. K? <3
the strawberry lemonade kind is the GOAT
It's Saturday and I'm not doin shit. Relaxation time.
I adore so much.
lol oh stop. No you're not ;)
Duly noted - we'll add that to the list of things we'll look into for next time. Thanks! cc
yup me too
Just order "Lost at School." I like the approach and it works in many cases. My prob is class of 36 with 12-15 very troubled kids
i hate u! Ugh! Hahaha
Is it me or does Pastor Gudel look like the grasshopper from A Bug's Life?
idk I asked her to lol,I hope she answers one of us
LIfe is what you make it, ok must remind myself everyday!!!
yay ! glad to hear it was enjoyed :)
Super Mario is a Bill
what you do…is great.
Ready for the bus :P I DON'T WANNA GO :(
I saw that name on the marquee and thought they were an 80s hair metal tribute band. Too bad their not.
hey how u doing love?
If I beat he might shank me. Yikes..haha.
We've got a show coming up at The Grog Shop Feb 14th. Hit us up for tickets, it's gonna be an awesome evening.
darts is hard.
Basketball 101: A good shot in any offense is one that has been practiced over and over and over...
“You can have results or excuses. Not both”
Austin was a Paul Heyman guy
Good morning and happy Tuesday! Enjoying my day off, and working on getting rid of that ever growing laundry pile!
Shot clock violation!
i wish i could :/
[runs my hand through 's hair]
They are the worst, the worst!
haha I know I seen this dude flossin some Beverley hills polo Cologne. Like polo. I straight died!
Holy shit this has been a long week...need some r n r...I wanna go see avengers again
I assume your Shiba likes to dig. Our male goes nuts in the sand.
why the fuck you in Midlo??
can I add u on Facebook
& - thank you for the follow & adventurous journey!
Frank Martin goes from Kansas St to South Carolina? Backwards/sideways move?
Work with the credit card points that you earn. Most of us dont mind the points we've earned, maximize them to save money
Does anyone try and figure out who Alan Sugar is firing next week by his pointing direction?
"Reputation... perceives u." I am OUT. I will see the insomniac tweetfolk at 2 AM sharp.
Thank you for the mention, Jurgen Best wishes for the new year.
Also video to your 1/4 tweet-:9/11Memorial Museum plans to engage - has notice "password protected" when clicked.
Would you be interested?
3rd, talk about how your toy is gonna work and just explain it and how the particles of gas move and their nature (Summary)
#CES2012 is around the corner. If you would like to check out our booth, we will be located at North Hall, Booth # 6424.
Take the #guitar outside today and play.
Anyone know a good advertising exec? I need advice!
you are welcome! share the love...pass the word...we love our AT&T neighbors!
Felt really strong today attacking s IMPACT workout week 9.
Big Brother creeping into your pocket an inch at a time hoping you won't notice...until its to late
i would kill myself f f f f f f
Josh Beckett is awful. Too early?
Lol I'm home!
yes, Batum, we all are watching the game. What do you think of the game so far?
Veggie soup made, corn bread made, and brownies in the oven. Man my kitchen smells great!
I'm not sure if Aldrich is still with the team.
lmfao we both said u was gonna wake up and say that lol
The only person you should ever compete with is yourself. You can't hope for a fairer match.-- Todd Ruthman
Ha!-->RT : But u can get a free iPhone 4. ;) RT : Gave up on the #smbmad Twitter search. Darn Twitter spam!
nic lived and is doing very well. The child that died is different
Maybe I Should Just Fall Back.!
Stranded on Hole 11 and I have to **
And, I LIVE in a CRYING FACTORY every time I read Sugar. She's just SO kind.
Watch your back, pardner!
guess it's good I find that our before we walk down the isle....want the diamond back? Too bad!
This >>> RT : It's faith in something and enthusiasm for something that makes a life worth living - Oliver Wendell Holmes
“: Got Sour Patch Kids and Sour Skittles for the trip tomorrow. :3” best candy. Ever.
i have to pee
Hate is not the opposite of love. Fear is.
check out (Japanese samurai exhibit), (Tut exhibit!), (Ansel Adams & Georgia O'Keefe exhibit)
Start of bath "I don't want to take a bath" End of bath " I don't want to get out" I can never win in this house of monsters
Long week ahead and lots of work.
Red Sox fans are angry. RT : Bag guy was my hero tonight.
Congratulations, Mr. Close Up Magician of the YEAR.
You say that every time until ______ calls lmfao
My mouth is really sore Blah.....
I really hope that Bill & Ted isn't made into a third movie. It will be a total flop!.
Thanks for following!
but still......haha
welcome aboard!!
today was headache worthy... in a good way.
Mega Hair Elite will be doing eyelash specials with at Mega Hair Elite's new location - coming soon!
lol I try but they all come out ugly to me
In the city early:) Shoppingg day. ❤
Money ain't everything, it only magnifies who you already are.
and the nuggets are out in the 1st round again. but its my team. i've sat through it all.
This week we welcome GlassBuild America 2011 to the building!
Big time! Spread the word!
Uuuugggghhhhhh....is that a mood? If it's not, it should be.
Yea, I know there's more important things, but don't forget to remember me.
Remember nothing new on game day! One of the biggest mistakes athletes make is trying a new food prior to competition
Let's get physical!
we need one asap!
American Horror Story is like a cross between My So Called Life and Rosemary's Baby
I wish canker sores on everyone asking me "how it's going"
when you get that Aston Martin, I want a ride.
Love that Drew Gordon did the celebration belt move!
Americans save less than 5% of their income on average. In India, that rate is closer to 25%, and in China, closer to 50%.
Off work and on my way home...
“: Making lists you never take action on just adds to your guilt & frustration. Make a list of 3. Then Go, Do.”
ooh la la what a view glad to be heading home though
Oh & this wildcat nonsense needs to stop. VY ain't no w/c QB
its like 65 degrees outside, inside my house:92. I just dont get it...
“: what's up there Delnora? Awesome to see you on here :)” Thanks Mark :) Miss y'all! Rock out my home state tonight!
Truth is stranger than fiction.
I miss you so much ):
What song are you listening to right... 1..2..3.. NOW?!?
RT : RIP Donna Summer - she was one of the best - sad
Going out tonight gonna be an awkward dinner
*6-0 in the regular season not The playoffs
Sleep during a thunderstorm >
: Buying all the FF gear I can get now, plus regular BU stuff for my fam for Easter, and then hopefully champ gear next!
I'm not very good at all of these internet sites..but I'm learning.
Screw any NFL reports. 2nite imma call out da men, why do u waste the time of ladies (careers, IQs, no kids),etc. D*mn. #sigh, #bustas,
cobra is so deadly that one gram of it
He's out for the playoffs.
we should! I just need someone who believes in me.
You're welcome!
ha watch we will bounce back and win the series, celtics definitely wont be winning it though
That annoying feeling when you're dying to talk to someone, but you refuse to text them first.
RT I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it-Truman
are you and alexis dating??
Life gives answer in 3 ways. It says Yes & gives u what u want, it says no and gives u something better, it says wait and gives u the Best!
you're seriously one of my favorite people ever! I'm not just saying that. If we lived in the same city, we'd SO bffs!
what up James? Miss ya. I'll b at phish AC 6-16, you?
Go 'Cuse! I cant stand WI basketball. Hope both teams do what they do best. 'Cuse....play zone and score tons. WI play boring. 88- 25 Syr
So many people just want magic weight loss. How much longer til everyone figures out it's all about eating halthy & exercising?
20 more to 100!! C'mon guys, help us out!
#SMWdiplomacy Great question about metrics and how efficient tax dollars are at use by State Dpt.
"Life would have been easier if interested in 19th or 18th century literature, but no" Text mining the 20th century
stop talking to me now
3 blue dots for indoor, 3 blue (unhappy) dots for outdoor. It's okay. I'm sure I can hang until April to get a new deal.
HELL YEAH!! THAT WOULD BE AN AWESOME SHOW!!! :D
"A Christmas Carl"
god first er thing else second
pretty much everyone on IASIP.
Maltese/West Highland mix
umm wouldn't that make them then repubs? Then why have Democrats? Personally I don't want to be insane, repressed, & evil.
Class #LHXXX knows that exercising leadership entails "building the bridge as [we] walk on it"! (--as per Robert E. Quinn)
Tooth Paste dispensers are the shit.
I think I tweet about the temperature of my bum too frequently.
This week's #FF cool cats are
Annual Necessary Retirement Income Multiplied By The Number of Years You Will Be Retired. This'll Tell You What Retirement Will Likely Cost
I have had Time Bomb by Rancid stuck in my head for daaaayssss
hahahahaha guilty lo he echo ..lol.
With the major budget cuts and layoffs they had to have it seems unlikely for the next few years :( Defense is so competitive.
that's really funny
saw my neighbor taking a rentboy into his apartment, so naturally I asked him how much he was paying him.
There's legit beats playing in my head right now
no, hes not my babe! Harry is <3 haha
lol, i was about to say ..
I have to wait until 11:00 for the Verizon store to open so that I can get my new smartphone.
Everyone in #LIC get excited! is back in business starting Mon 4/2! Three trucks per day 11a-3p
Cheering the #Astros tonight but like the #wanationals choice in at-bat music. How is it at the park ?
Apparently The Girl Next Door has become my Christmas movie? I hadn't watched it in years and it's not xmas-ey at all, but such a classic.
I feel bad for Derrick Rose and Iman Shumpert
I now have partly blue hair.
"No sleep til brooklyn"..RIP ~Adam
gettin ready for a girls night out =) anyone who wants to join, text me!!! ->KimBeezy<-
I want to move to San Francisco.
Everyone kindly fuck off please
Good day world! Got a lil rest..time to get back to work!
is excited to purchase CodeBaby but not too happy about the cost...
Thank you for the #FF! Same to you! Have a great weekend!!
Sick Photo!!!!
Packed 4 a road trip, altho w/ some trepidation I'll forge ahead w/ caution; leaving somewhat in the middle & return on the otherside
Don't let the people who used to make you happy make you miserabnle just because their stuck in the past when your growing up.
": I need to move this weekend." Lol i have a # you can call 1800RentAVan
Back up we gotta criminal
The May 21 issue?
very nice, you deserve it!! I poured me another Jack & Dew:) Tis the season!!
damn that is suspect lol
I have to say for what we gave up I'm kinda stoked to deal picks and get Rudy, hope the Rudy from a few years ago shows up at camp though.
You ever whisper "I like that" while checking out a song or video, then suddenly feel like you were adlibing a 90's R&B Track? lol
Yes, you can. Enjoy Casablanca on the big screen.
RT Catching lightening bugs in a jar at night #childhoodmemories ....... Im remember that
Who wants to make a record this summer. Hit me up
Facebook deleted my profile, and now all of my friends think I�m dead
Good afternoon Everyone! How was your valentines day?
Thanks a million!!
yeah I think I'm going to go later this summer as well
all efforts now are for NOLA, Tampa, Zona, and a lesser extent Pitt. Since its season opener, we might have a scaled down trip
I was wondering because you're always saying about going out or you're here..
bye bye se you tomorrow......
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas. ~MC
Gotcha Gotcha Gotcha*
In the 1963 movie, "The Great Escape", Bud Ikins completed the momentous 65 ft. motorcycle jump for Steve McQueen.
good seeing you last night bro.. Keep up the hustle.
thank you..I think you can tell how i was feeling the day i wrote that ;)
that perkins pick was gnarly
I got your debt dumping cheese $$$ now and every hour until 5p on -
Right behind a woman in checkout who had two credit cards declined and then said "why don't I just write you a check?" Funny!
thanks for the
Thanks - this is a great quote! I like this one too..."Actions are visible, though motives are secret."
ok but i love what your say it looks like its coming from the heart
No matter where you go I will always be near... whispering in your ear... the secrets of my heart <3
I hate buns. HATE.
Obstacles to digitization of all library collections? Lack of funding, rights clearance, organizational obstacles, fear of asserting fairuse
Today's Soups: Chicken Noodle & Cheezy Broccoli
Great idea.
Do what you love. Fortune will follow.
They are single use. Breakeys has more play value in my book though, since you can memorize the patterns in BattleCards.
She will LOVE a Canyon Group chenille robe for Mother's Day! www.rosegardenboutique.com
No one will ever accuse Ralph Fiennes of underplaying.
Thanks so much for your RT
welcome to NONO! (north of north), CV's bastard step child.
For the past couple years my work ethic has been wildly inconsistent. Which is an improvement over nonexistant.
What happen to putting your fist up to fight?
Well the world didn't end today.
Tommy and high powers rocked!
My wings are broken now. I'm Ready to sleep! 😜😜😜😜
Awww hehe...I am after a long day
Dude, like, are you gonna tweet anything?????
take her out!!
I'd love more retail on #HSt. It helps the community as well as the customers.
Also,despite my admiration is too presumptuous by saying his crew is responsible for new narrative about TJ
Hope everyone had a great Easter! Jesus is alive!
I know! Good thing she wasn't serious.
hey good joke though you haven't used it like 100 times
Despite dangers U.S. teens text and drive: poll
have a great day!! Many hugs, love you!!
still no winner? Getting ready for our 10...
#NP #JohnLegend once again/get lifted. #HeartfeltMusic this man makes complete albums
Thank you for another wonderful mention and follow. XOXO ~Krisondra
I got a tip. Get off the boat and let me fish
no problem
Thanks for the RT!
Your my everything.!!
Hyundai plans 3rd shift at Alabama factory to lift Sonata, Elantra output Hyundai, moving to boost supplies of the Sonata mid-sized sedan
Anoher day of fighting the good fight.
They should have set this Bastard on fire, so everyone could have heard his screams for help, and no one would come to his sick aid!.
I DONT have times for the qames smh so when you done and read to end it lemme know ' . If im still around
RT A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved.
just went through the Kennedy Speaks exhibit at the Indiana Historical Society. Phenomenal.
forever and always going to be a Lakers fan
With at the Inman Real Estate Tech conference at SF Hilton, social media and analytics is getting big in this market
We'll be live tweeting from our profile for the 48 Hour Film Project Friday-Sunday! #follow us & enjoy indie filmmaking!
U SO GOOD AT DEM
Yes. It was amazing. 1st row. Will never forget it. I still see him in my mind all the time.
I mean why care about your Klout score if you don't have a social media job?
“If I could start one new museum for the future, it would be”: The most community-focused, financially sustainable museum ever.
Getting geared up for snowboarding tomorrow!
AFL-CIO's President Hails Occupy Wall Street --
Just trying to decide which of the voices in my head I want to listen to.
This Derby weekend was successful!
thanks tanner
Martin funny as hell
playing hard at work
we held our opening reception this past Sunday :)
RT : The memory of the Atlanta Child Murders remains fresh in the minds of those who administer the great cities of America.
About the PI thing? Are you kidding? Of course not.
Them bitchz on the show r gonna b hating,u were so fucking dope! Keep doing u we loving it!!
The #Facebook iPhone app is the worst thing I've ever had to deal with in my life.
On "How I Met Your Mother": Barney is.... wait for it.... ENGAGED!
Have a Bless and Peaceful day. Peace&Happiness.....
People who compare Wall Street investing to poker playing are wrong: poker is a game of luck & skill. Wall St. is just gambling.
i shaved my vagina today. do any of you want pics? - lauren
You can basically replace any of my recent updates with "OPEN BAR" and the effect will be the same
I use to think I could not bare you being with anyone else but since I've come to think silly of that whole mentality.
bro fill me in wtf is goin on wit ya boy ?
One more work day, then a relaxing weekend.
Sometimes I wonder y I even fuck with u!!!
Yes. "It's just a dissertation." and "Just finish a first draft. Any draft. In any condition."
Icecream, cookies, chocolate...one or all of these need to be in my mouth ASAP.
ive got you on my mind again:)
along with Ridnour fishing for gold in his teeth
ever have those days when nothing goes right ??
Great visit from our partners Aquaponics UK this last month - Sweet Water version 5.0 coming online soon
hey :) hehee nice name! thanks for following me..i now have 5 followers. Feel so cool! haha! hope your well! :)
Love the LOVE! RT : Following back. Shout out from
Thank you so much. Very sweet! :)
Seriously. Ridiculous. I try to tweet 1-3X/Day for my 'brary. I didn't tweet at all when I had finals.
My sister Jill is on here,she would probably love to hear from you Mayweather vs Cotto tonight.
Just heard clip from TIME's breastfeeding cover subject. Whatever. I cringe more at her itty-bitty, infantile girl-accent.
Got some questions that you have been dying to ask? Ask the EC of PSI, Inc. today! Submit your questions to .
I just finished a 2.05 mi run with a time of 18:27 with Nike+ GPS.
false. just men.
Wats poppin over there in the mighty bulldog land?
MAS Mission: Audio Society. Coming to WHBC soon!
as long as S.U. isn't the first 1 to lose to a 16. Ugh...
did the study say anything about bacteria spread when meat is first put in plastic bags before going in the reusable bag?
#TruthIs stranger than fiction. Just look at what is going on in DC.
What to eat for Dinner? Carls jr, McDonalds, Sonic? My wife is out of town so I shall dine alone tonight. if you wanna call it that....
well if I'm doing something with a friend then I'm totally fine lol.
Heading back to Keno's. Bout to be a sick night. Hmu!
This water damage got my phone all messed up!!! Damn 😠
I know! Tried to email, but it said I was logged out (wasn't) and it would be saved to drafts (lie). Now on phone for last 10 mins
286-city call this number if you can't reach the parking meter (due to the snow) and it will prevent you from getting a ticket.
They have a cage for the tumble weed on the Tarmac at the Boise airport.
I see what you did there.
I typically aim to treat everyone in the industry with respect, but if someone is a sexist douchebag about wine, I'm going to snub you.
sure!! Thank you! Happy Holiday Weekend as well! :)
Jk It's windier than a tornado cyclone monsoon hurricane
cant stand how you guys spoof a product and then run ads for it during next break!
I do what I like. You don't have to like what I do
Why my daddy just claim he need some loud #fse lmfao
not me - sorry I thought you were in TN. I attended a southern military school from CA. Cross-cultural observations
Great event guys! I added organisers #echelon2012 #Tokyo to /mediatechnology list
I think you can get those waved if you contest them with DPT. It's pain though and kind of insulting.
Nothing is #IMPOSSIBLE The word itself says #IM POSSIBLE
I just saw socks and sandals guy. I swear, it was him. Wool shin high with Kee ns.
Me too. For example, the idea: "I would only trust a Christian to __" is the sort of idea I oppose.
can you follow me back? :)
pedaling that way now myself.
Congrats on the new deal! Excited to have you in KC for years to come.
just signed up for your news letter. Looking forward to reading your books
Well that was crap...
.. my 5 year old niece wants to sleep in the cage with my dog lol
Using the website is like walking across a field laced with .DOCX landmines.
is going to Myrtle next week!
Enjoy your work on Speed. Keep up the good work
KP PR EVENTS & MARKETING would like to welcome James Weber studios to the site. James Weber is one of north America's top photographers.
PA going wild right now in the #llws this is pure baseball
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
If a nigga / bitch can't appreciate you, then fuck emm .
I love the fact that Charlie sheen trended like 10 times longer then anything for japan did. Way to go twitter peeps!
I love art
I can conquer the world with one hand, only if your holding the other
A6) Our ability to focus becomes a sustained state of being when we work with our passion
Thunderstorm kinda scared of the loudness, but the things that are going through my mind scare me more!!!
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides ~ Audrey Hepburn
hm... I'll have to go look at the menu. :)
clearly an article bought and paid for by politics as usual. This is very much as usual!
Spa ME wishing all a very Happy Memorial Day.
Letang's back Saturday!!!!
Emphasize your focus on creating a diverse, high performing team for now & the future.
Happy Easter Justin! Have a good time with your family,you deserve it, but I can't wait for #BELIEVE and #BoyfriendVideo :)
At #mamabear with Who else is here?
In 4 rounds, Denver has selected the lowest graded DT (of 10) the lowest graded RB (of 7), and the 5th ranked QB (of 7).
May Day protesters 'reclaim' foreclosed home in NE Portland and move previous owner back in. I'll have the latest from the scene at 5 & 6.
Thanks! Follow us for updates about the theatrical release
Now following the Homie met him wit the other night gud dude. Fux wit me fam.
I've decided on Eternal Sonata.
Hiya pal! The party is just getting started!
Marinara or Bolognese sauce
For good health, this weekend do one small anonymous kindness to let someone know they count. Then be dazzled by gratitude.
what can I say? you had a skillfully-written breakdown. We need reviews interviews and someone who can out grind news content
Twitter for good - Explore. Search - what's being said abt you/your orgn? Reach out to find what you need. Connect w/influencers.
temple run
I bet man, but just stay safe and givem hell!
One more hour then i can go home and write, woo hoo
he's a man of many shirts.
love to see you stomp Green Bay...forget about the last game and what everyone says!!u will win the superbowl this year!!
Happy Cinco De Mayo
I wonder who misses me right now
it certainly does
CORNER PUB
Pretty great, huh!
Mother's day lunch with mom and grandma :)
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away
just found out about Pandora.com. very cool. made my own JT station in prep for next week's concert
its a hell of a drug... lol. Nahh, but if you need another person, I can do it!
Do you know what I hear? All the sassy literary types and HIBF coordinators will be tomorrow from 5pm to drink seductively.
this is the last week of the semester. I can see the light at the end of the tunnel!
Be back in a few. Need to fix a different IT issue. Happy Tuesday everybody!
where the hell are you?
How are all my #HIT friends today?
I'm doin'. Just got out of work a lil while ago, trying to figure out the dinner sitch. You?
sO U GOT ON SOME HOT AZZ CLOTHES..LMAO
Monday morning and back to the grind... What kind of music can make the day go faster?
Yup another night with our friend mr. Benefits
I should have spent my free period studying for my midterm, but instead I played Pokemon and listened to music.
I. Hate. Corey Perry.
Watching the #NCAA Championship 🏀
I sure did :D so much!!! Tired now but it was worth it :P
Thanks Paula! Did you get tickets to see Avengers? Glad we bought 'em the day before as the time slot we wanted was sold out.
My feelings for you are like the paint on my nails. . . Faded
not in Kentucky. Still hopeful,
i love u ur my favorite from iamme :) !!!! please folliow
Hoe up????? GOTTA BE A FOOL
yes, I have been following for a while. I may have originally found them through you!
Join CARL LEE HAILEY from A TIME TO KILL and Advocate for the Release of 10% of the Millions of Humans Lock-Up in the USA --
Good morning all
Part of me says let it go
I'm kidding obviously. It wasn't cute, it was lame
listening to the demos of the new album and getting excited about polishing it up.
Score, got last milk at safeway...
nice list
you well come :)
idk you tell.
I remember wearing the same Docs through most of my twenties. Now I'm trying to get Liberty-print ones-good to know!
this weather is just asking for some of our soft serve ice cream with the magical shell. that's right - magic shell.
Hangin' at Seabug with and all the other awesome #b3d users of Seattle!
Woke up this morning wishing #BrunoMars would jump in front of a train for me.
The #PittsburghMarathon is is only 11 days!!! RT if you are participating!!! #Pittsburgh #Running #Race Life is Good
I like it when squeaks like a mouse in public....
Alera? In46fa20b Interval Series Swivel Task Stool, Blue Fabric ...
it was BAS :) but she had a lot of other ones on there too so she probably just got so many hate comments and stopped
If you aren't elected for the GOP nomination are you going to donate your campaign $ to a charity for single moms?
#MobileGov the chatzy chat room is asking me for a room password.... I want to participate!
Only 13 days left of Red November!
just to brighten up your day at school....
Congrats to @
my wife and I really enjoyed that one!
I want some packer tickets
um, we need to know more about #winestorming! Also, do you still have time on Friday to meet?
. . . to rag on Lin if he does play and plays poorly.
That's right man.. ah the good ol' days man. I love it.
Today's weather forecast: A Perfect Tucson Day! Come enjoy lunch or dinner on our gorgeous patio!
no. Not all of them
Happy Birthday!
Yep, you're definitely a nerd :-p
LOVE Oasis!
I plan to run for Congo Women this year, all 3.1 miles. How about you? It's really exhilarating!
Robert Kiyosaki Explains the Power of the Perfect Business
Yay - we were 's 200th follower!
So it's beach house featuring beach house?
You are SO welcome! #THANK YOU for all that you and do for #prostate #cancer #awareness!!
Haha...I'm mixed with general European mutt-ness and oddities.
Why does the jersey shore kids cook at 3am? There's no del tacos in Miami??
nice new profie picture!! (:
would you like to go to the drake concert with dont be a hataaaaa
i can't send you a message with my informtion, Twitter doesn't allow it unless you follow me...i guess i'm getting a new follower
I've got the ventures pandora station on. It's fabulous
Thanks Ray Lewis for the short update... We have a bridge you can jump off, that would be some good excitement.
Listening to at MD Tech Expo with - MD is trying to be more entrepreneurial!
thanks for the tips! I just ran my first half on Sunday
RT : Are you running the Chuy's Hot to Trot 5K this Saturday in South Austin? Thinking about it? I have 2 comp regs - email me...
Thanks! Had no idea you could change the temp.
#RelationshipsNowdays can mean something if U make them
I'd love to, depending on when you want to start. Could we wait until January? (Says the guy next to a pile of new books.)
wait are you indirectly calling alex gonzalez a woman for going on maternity leave? or is he going on paternity leave?
Obama ... SCORE! Rubbed McCain face in the fact he doesn't even know who our friends are.
Park scratched and Tangradi in for #Pens. 7 D and 11 F again.
That extremely annoying moment, when you're behind a slow walker & there's no way around them.
I did, she just loves me. <33
Women like a lot of talking and foreplay before sex, while men like to skip foreplay and go straight to sex
I think it's time to change my picture, send your favorite A-Rod picture. (I know they're all awesome, but we must choose)
wow! Congratulations! I'm doing it with 18 friends i guess i can get some help from them. How did u prepare for it?
Welcome to Buffalo! RT Just landed in Buffalo.... Feels good this is a great atmosphere.
well that was a great nap first period 💤
WEDU Back to School Party at Tenjune on Wed, Oct 13. $20 suggested donation. open bar + great crowd + awesome cause = great night!
Wishing you a great weekend too!!
#EsperanzaSpalding actually made me a little teary-eyed. Just think: there was a sad chance that Bieber could've been asked to sing that.
If u ever leave me baby. Leave some morphine at door.
havent ben on this in a while like!
Amazing moment last night when our big kitchen guys walked into the trashy gay bar. Happy birthday to me.
Typing "lol" at something not even intended to be funny
thanks for coming across the field to sign my daughter's hat. It made her day!
Sigh, how I believe this so. RT If your new job removes your personality from your twitter feed, it's the wrong job.
Well, from what I remember, they de-emphasize self-reliance and self-congratulation. Self-trust even.
Now I have a great answer as to why I have triangles inside my lip. "Because I love Enter Shikari." ✌
Wild Cherry
The other guy was a lawyer, perhaps gay, who gave away 1/2 2charity 2 "make himself look good" &4 tax deductions; planned the whole thing
going to bed before midnight!
4-2 #Yankees going to the bottom of the 5th.
The lion on narnia is god....say what??
Yikes! Went from really sleepy, too way too wired
Can't wait to get started! RT SHOW 2: Three Sisters - a new adaptation by Director
I just met a former clown. He was cool.
If you hurt one of my close friends, you hurt me.
will you pls do a presentaion for newsroom after #kipcamp? Sounds good.
Our Stone Shower Cleaner is due out by the end of the month.
« needs to tweet more.»
Ugh. So sorry about that! We'll let the hotel know for future guests...
$2 blue moon all day long. $2 coors light bottles 10-12
Who is showing up to the Masters today to take the lead going into the weekend?
Peppermint in SWAT! Let me find out your 411!! AUC kinfolk? I'm CAU '97
cool. We'll text ya in a bit
It’s a known fact that 68 percent of Americans are overweight and half of that group is morbidly obese.
you're automatically way cooler than us
that one was blocked heavily.I think you will be okay.do you think that because yours is with a cotton vs wool that it curls?
Hopefully the African American History Museum will pick this up.
it's all this soccer talk!!
Don't you feel like movie ads could spice it up a bit for the #SuperBowl & add something special? Bore me a little.
Another big improvement this season is the costumers have figured out how to dress different body types that make everyone look fab
while you're there can you get me like $100 bucks out? :)
#20ThingsAboutMe 6. I eat all the time :')
Wasn't prepared to deal with car issues today. Finally got the car to dealer. Waiting on a ride to work.
Got my first exclusive with VP Miyuki Katagiri! So excited!!!
really enjoyed playing tonight~hate the power went out b4 SOMEBODIES DARLING performed. i will catch u all again promise
Take it down!
hiking trails in Kentucky in 2012 =
goodnight cuties :*
yeaahhh that was pretty amazingly cute. just finished it. i want that house!
Jason Aldean is legit
Jenifer Lewis: Nina Simone Was Raw And Unafraid via
Had a Great time performing tonight at the chill bar
Category 23-b winner is WGBO
“: Source: Lucroy five-year extension with #Brewers will be for more than $11 million. #MLB” a steal!
Make sure you wish all those Moms out there a Happy Mothers Day! They deserve it!
is it beer 30?
High on chocolate right now
Very sorry to hear, Richard.
Thanks Lovely ❤(:
so far we've covered jodeci usher dirty dancing rumpshaker jump around so yeah we need some Pony too!
Helo's are back
