Need to get my #prom ticket
Hell yea we have the same taste in music
You can't hold a man down without staying down with him.
I snort a line of espresso before I make my espresso.
Can't believe Delmon Young only got 7 games for hate crime. What if it was white on black or black on white? John rocker got 28 games.
The pony fetish must stop. Now clown a piñata, that's a fail safe plan for making friends at our tailgates #partystorerun?
Welcome to Twitter Soon you too will be ignoring the laws of punctuation.
you can do this !
united states :))
Say goodbye to year 2010 and welcome a brand new year 2011! Make 2011 the year You become your own Boss! www.fastfixfranchise.com
tell me about it
Newt saying "how can I talk to someone who blatantly lied." Uh, Newt, what about your affairs?
"We eat bitches like her for breakfast"
YessirRT shid u know I am bro. U ready?
You're the only one, cause I don't trust these bitches.
I would tweet you all the time. 😏
lol, yes, I guess that's one plus for an early start to the day! Have a good one :)
WORD RT : They're for faggots RT : do yal use a holster when yal carry?
you should come to the oc fair this summer (:
People ride their lawn mowers on roads. O.o I am stuck in a hick town!
yea I notice lol
Join the many that want to improve Georgetown's Technology...more information and Blog coming soon
Happy Birthday to your Dad!.:-) :-)
after seeing my sisters get in a fight im thinking i feel bad whoever has to take a hit from them
Bringin saggy ol lady tights back. Today.
« « Twitter > FaceBook»»
Haha. We should hang out sometime. We miss you so much!
whoopsies....guilty as charged “: If you're still wearing ugg boots this week #killyourself”
kicking it off tonight at the mobile meetup, talking about iPhone UI/UX design principles
someone cute, dm or tweet me ;)
I wasn't upset about that black cat crossing my path but mouthing "you're fucked" as he passed was just rude
Thanks for showing me around!
I wonder if I am supposed to feel bad that some guy I never heard of unfollowed me & put me on his unfollow list? Some people are odd.
Thks 2 everyone who participated n my concert survey 2 day
3 games I have upset picks are going right now. And I'm watching them all right now.
Imagine how many HRs Griffey Jr. would've hit if he used steroids as much as A-Rod did...can steroids cure pulled hamstrings?
Frito broke off in the bean dip. Had to get my hands dirty to get it out.
I won a Mendenhall jersey literally 3 minutes b4 you fumbled. Is it bad luck or should I wear that puppy with pride?
Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings so that you shall come easily by what others have labored hard for. -Socrates
Nice! Congratulations.
just ate an entire box of Cap'n Crunch, fuck it.
both ejected?
This weather puts me in the pissy mood
must be in a good mood. wasn't until the guitar solo that I realized I was singing along to 'Beat It' at full volume with the windows down.
erin really needs to wake up and pick up her fucking phone.
Why not bring in Matusz to secure a sweep.
love it!
Today is 11/02/2011. The date backwards is 11/02/2011. You will never see that again in your lifetime.
what's the average time for girls
hah! good one, you just got lucky
Chatted with CMO of a company I real admire and then went home and changed a very dirty diaper.
Once again, Björk's Vespertine is putting me into a state of bliss.
how hard was it 4 u 2 switch record labels early in ur career not knowing what would happen?? I'm in the same boat, I need advice!! XO
Welcome back OSBLN members:
The next big event I'll be participating in, via The Artisan Group, is the 2012 Primetime Emmy Awards, in September! Stay tuned!
It's crazy how #socialmedia allows you to watch a big story make it's way through all of the big news outlets.
Finished 's The Postmortal on Thanksgiving. Made me thankful in a Holy shit humans could be much worse sort of way. (read it)
Getting my ready for my awesome acting class with Working on my scene!
I'm happy to!
spotted. He wishes he we're on his new sailboat.
OK, now I am REALLY sorry I'm not there! RT: Dry-aged burger with garlic aioli, red onion, and watermelon salad.
Stumbled upon nyu's graduation (party!).. Oh memories...
Apologies in advance to our customers. Chili contest at city hall today..... Better open some windows
is there a Video on YouTube were he said that I wanna watch it!!!
Get your LAST KINGS snapback on shopsnapback.bigcartel.com VERY CHEAP xx
yep its a mommy and four little piggys :3 I saw them on the side of the road
Just checking...
Gearing up to start new workout program. This time w/boyf
yes good job. And we can play the Olympic game now to get ready for ropes
will you send me the picture of us?
so when is Tao Miami coming?? Was in Vegas early this year and heard the rumor!! Hope it happens!!!!
Funny how stuff like that always happens!
WAMU? Like the (late) bank?
and poof it's gone. i hope you all have a VERY happy Valentines Day <3
trying to fly out but can't! Need to change ticket and the line is here to the #Magical Kingdom...I need a fast pass.
I thought the Yanks had a rule against bad facial hair
Creative Cause will be 8th. Speed horses still out there - Hansen and Trinniberg. Post 1 still out.
of course! You get a 50% ownership stake.
thanks kindly for the retweet!
you better get that out of your purse
What is the current best practice to detect and redirect users on mobile browsers to a different version of your site?
Jaron's Opens 2nd N.J. Furniture Store Discount furniture retailer Jaron&rsquo;s Furniture Outlet held a grand opening Sunday of a new lo
fly your ass down...3 party houses THREE FUCKING HOUSES!
just saw you on gol tv my dude
Thank You So Much! Can't Wait Til' The ICONic Boyz Go On Tour. I'm From Colorado, Waiting For March To Get Here. :)
Arizona Catholic school canceled game because of girl on other team. "[We aim] to instill respect for women" Yeah, it's called sportsmanship
congrats bud. we love you.
did you remember? :)
Happy happy happy :)
from the question on youtube weird news that u post a few mins ago
yo CJ ... I smell buffaloes college football in the air!!!!
What a day for Joey V.
wht needs to change is the perception tht a piece of clothing gives u the right to judge sum1's charachter
thx for the assist yesterday...
What if I'm that gullible hipster? You know my weakness for brooches & pins.
You can see this #pubcampwest discussion live at pubcamp.tumblr.com. Current topic: election coverage.
Who's ready for a soundcheck
People who ruin your statuses with their pointless comments...
you're fine :)
Tonight, East meet West Bash @ columbus Square..Best music from motherland in town..see u there
Happy with life!
it's a dollar 💵 hahaha not that bad
Friday Friday, Gotta get down on Friday.
Our guitarist started it after one of his friends passed. We are working are working hard! Thank you for your support(:
RT : Google C3 Car Club and see what pops up! They're on the map!!!!
I'd rather spend a minute in your arms than a week in heaven
& debating the best spot to buy buttplugs in LA
sissy what county is tifton in??
Happy Sunday, Tweeps!
Mind=blown. ;)
RT : If we live in constant fear of people's thoughts of us and avoid or fight their challenges & critiques, we won't grow.
why do rich people assume we want to nno how they got rich
If you feel the excerpt can stand on its own, we encourage it! An excerpt may always be submitted as a story.
Digital Bookmobile this Tuesday! learn how to download FREE eBooks from
OH YEA LIL UGLY
: contradictory impulses of professionalization: democratic yet monopolistic
He did exactly what I thought he would... Out of sight... Out of mind
She was pissed and cried n way like I love you, ahah niqqa I was dyin laughin. #Move Around Mami
lmafoo I have a gift for you ;)
#ICantStandPeopleWho claim they down wit you through whatever then when the time comes to be there for you they're no where to be found
no so scary cool, see you mañana don't rush we have an hour worth of stuff to cover first
I remember that, it was on New year's Eve. :-)
Lets do it! lol
Calling all cops and autobots I hope that you're still there...
Will I ever learn my lesson? Sipping Gatorade and laying on the heating pad.
#crazytown RT : 50 miler done! Happily ensconced in a seat at Chevy's drinking a beer and eating something other than Gu.
Not going to vote for Newt but no question Juli Weiner is snarky and a member of Obama's Palace Guard.
RT So.... I'm on this diet... n its killing me softly.. I wish I had a friend to come exercise with me..
first tweet from the new "real time" twitter app from the new mac app store...this is pretty cool :)
is following her so you should too!!!!! FOLLOW <FOLLOW
That moment when you realize you've totally done your midterm paper wrong 5 minutes after you turn it in.
PSU plates to be on Missouri roads soon
Liking that diagram
Sitting in the airport, waiting to take a twelve hour flight back home to see John!
Hi you! Happy Friday! I'm at the office pretending to work & clock-watching:) What's up with lovely you?
I'd love for him to come back. Stoopid crows.
Thanks for your visit on Saturday!
Oh, just listening to Savage Garden and being awesome.
keynote at #DellWorld. IT security key issue globally. 100k new threats daily. SecureWorks monitors 15B events daily.
please keep Alpine Spring year round!
hands down, The pimpin fries are amazing.
oh my gosh, i would be INSANE amounts of grateful.
Not everything is about you, princess (from mutton chops)
follow please? hehehe(: she loves you to death.
true. Then you have to deal with his attorney named, "Nails" and it starts a whole thing. I just prefer to eat the soup
thanks that made me feel better :-)
love beyonce knowles and killing lil kids at night! heheheh im joking!
Colleges of ed must give future teachers online teaching experience.
"Folks, David McIntosh is the real deal. We need to pour money into this race to help him combat a coordinated attack from pro-choicers."
lol i thik i know wat u mean i was on vacation not to long ago
Tonight on Pittsburgh Foundation Performance in Pittsburgh: Duquesne's Voices of Spirit, Sara Botkin w/Chatham Baroque, Previn & the PSO!
I've been ready for an hour....
We missed you last night. It was (and is) a perfect family friendly ride.
Thx for the follow! Love how you're using your Announcement Wall. Good luck this Spring, and don't be a stranger!
Factors In Modern Day Life That May Affect Your House Insurance
American idol ;) but ima take a shower right noww so see you tommrow byee :)
awww poop! Its ok Ms. Try txting me here and then
Hanging at the with .. One time for
"Piano Man" revelation: Paul (the real-estate novelist who "never had time for a wife") and Davy (in the navy for life) are gay together.
Welcome the #writer to Twitter--he's good people.
RT : ASTD's 2012 International Conference & Expo begins this weekend! Keep up with all that's happening by following
Kara's birthday tonight at Dave's Waters Edge. Stop down later and say, "Hippo birdies to you."
WAH DID YOU WATCH THE VAMP SHOW TONIGHT??!?! OMGOMGlol
adding new House MD banners to our today
hmm... Today.. Or next weekend... Ur choice... :b
whats up with your employer? A third time I had two interviews and no offer. We know I am quality so hay, why? I jest my friend
Sunday afternoon and you cant sell tickets? Cleveland is gay
Being a total internet-couch-potato this morning. Must escape the MacBook's gravitational pull.
WHERE RU ? xoxox :)
& .... Together?! Ha hello haters
Thanks so much for the follows!
Excited to see oomf this weekend 😊
this is exactly what happened to me!
I make Detroitexploitation #Funk. Google, go to Amazon or #ITunes and enter a #Detroit Street/Place & my name. Told You.
at least he visits me and cuddles
"It's my birthday tomoz." please use correct grammar omg.
Just got back from a networking meeting. It was EARLY but very productive. Ready for a great day!
Did I use "hands-down" correctly in last Tweet? Just realized: maybe I don't know what it means.
#FF - one more amazing YA writer to add: - the author of forthcoming Velveteen !
Bring the rock tonight, Mean Melin!
The thirst is alive on my TL.
Looking forward to your visit to the TC this weekend. Let us know if you can stop by the station for a visit!
Thanks for the RT on our #ypnworkshop next week!
ah, you must have just broke it, we were JUST texting but okay thats fair. Draw.
also, thanks for showing so many women in the beer industry in your movie.
at sitting for 3hrs
That Is Lovely Sometimes Its The Complete Opposite ...
probably valid to send, just don't know if they're analyzed or just rounded to an int.
THANK YOU EVERYONE WHO TUNED IN AND EVERYONE WHO IS LEAVING FEEDBACK ON OUR FACEBOOKS WE LOVE YOU
All of a sudden the #douchebagcardinalsfan sitting next to isn't too boisterous
Fleas can be a huge problem-consult with your Vet
Solid indie folk release today, get ready for the lullaby-themed album “A Little Heart Like You” from
I can't believe I'm at school and today is National Signing Day
Aaron Gordon is THE NASTIEST Player in High School Basketball And Hes ONLY a Junior - high school basketball
Sigh ... #PTL for dreams coming true, for finding purpose. All in His time.
#recipeoftheday who would love a Sicilian eggplant and zucchini wrap on an airport for a meal?
I love you baby. I'm holding on. I won't ever let go.
it's your fault! All the mean jokes you make!!!! Haha but seriously 😭
Did anyone catch - Mitt just opened our national parks to drilling.
Thank you all for the support you've given me and as we step out into this new venture of owning a bookstore.
very cool!
MSG IS BACK??? When the fuck did this happen and why was I not informed!!
America, I have ZERO political experience and why is I can create jobs and the Federal Government can't????
Lol well is it a compliment
I demonstrate integrity. I am congruent, I demonstrate humility, and I act with courage in doing the right things.
LOL!! RT : Happiness is starting the day and learning your wife has used your coffee mug to scoop dog food with
Im having fun with iris, she kicks siri's ass
yooo they might not cancle Secret Circle on the 17th there gonna say what there cancling on tv theres a list they pick omfg
Why are 's tweets so amazing!
Been on such an arduous path, full of failure and disappointments, but I WILL change it, and my world will never be the same.- Kevin
Chicago has a lot of great things to offer in the way of unique artists! Be sure to support your local artists!
Nothing yet! I forgot to get pertinent information from my modem so I could call from work during business hours.
My pleasure!
my looks and how hot I am.
texting him Me: its so hot outside him: sorry i'll go inside now <3 lol
obviously with mark and miles and danny coughlin hbu??
Great #SXCustServ panel -- nicely focused, useful tips! Thanks, !
hahaha ahh yeah 😔 it's okay though 'cause we'll know that he'll be happy lol.
Getting a lot more shows now, and this weekend we are recording our good quality full length album in Terre haute, it's goin to be great...
RT If you cried when you saw the Titanic 
RT : This isn't just a huge, huge win for Premier Redford . It's a win for good old Alberta common sense.
Nice group! #ff and thanks
IN KALAMAZOO MI, MY MAMA ATTENDED WESTERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY THEN BEGAN HER TEACHING CAREER
So stoked to work with you guys! A Burgh event not to miss... I'll be dropping mola on vintage items July 29
Thanks for following
You been where widd who
What is HelloGiggles??
Gloomy day. Gloomy mood. Can we put yesterday on rerun please?
hehe Right back at ya! RT : Happy St Paddy Thai!!!
You niggaz content is OK. But my team is O-SHIT!
It's a 7 point game. Hey, #JoeBuck, try not to sound so disappointed.
"15 tied at 0"... I mean, that's a form of teamwork, right?
Can't make it to for tonight's Mammoth game? Tune in on or online Go Mammoth!
How much more money has the #Tea Party and the #GOP put in your pocket?
RCA Victor still trying to name pocket radio: Handy-Andy, Dwarf, Pardner, Skippy, Falconette, Midge, Half Pint, Snuggler, Smuggler, Pigmy
Is family-friendly TV going extinct?
If the #lakers really did hire Mike Brown, the residents of Los Angeles should be crying into their car flags. . .
87-94% of visitors find a site on the FIRST page of a search!
I HAVE A FETISH FA A MAN WITH A NICE BUTT NIPPLES AND ARMS.... BUT NIPPLE RINGS...M I WNT TO TRY THAT ONE OUT. HE NEED TO GET AT DIS 1..
We'll be looking forward to it!
Steve Dushocki......."the Party's in his Pants"
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that been there wit from day one when y'all was walkin every where to driving together
We are a graphic design company. Let us hook you up! Check out our website. www.stardesignsa.com
Radio and the cherp of birds shall put me to sleep to nite
I wouldn't change a thing. <3
amen! I freaking hate it!!
How Social Login Enhances Websites
Was looking to get a review..not for posting in the Post per se, but something I could use elsewhere...even on the site.
What to wear to the Joywave Planetarium show? A Neil tie, son
how was i not following until right now?!?!
4 letter word:)!!! love
Coming soon: Black History Trivia!!! Look out for our Twitter and Facebook Page Alerts !!!!!
Oh I love grenade too......
finally walking down stairs to the gym lol :-)
Dr. Berthrong wants to quote my definition of globalization. Apparently today is a day when I'm really on.
I love DJ'n at the club on the weekends when the youngins come out and get shitty! I hate working during the week for these pathetic fucks!
Everyone please follow im tryin to help him reach a million followers n he could really use ur help too.Follow & RT thanx-bri
Friends, concerts, brawls, oh and mosh pits!!!!
Apply for summer study away. Dublin deadline: Feb 15. London deadline: March 1. Montreal deadline: March 1.
": It's a rainin'." And its a pouring.
A man asked a fairy to make him desirable and irresistible to all women ... she turned him into a credit card!
Who want to talk on da Phone??
“: There are people that can draw like Picasso and, then theres me that can barely draw a stick figure. #whateves” hahaha
Hii Bieebs How are you today ? I love you ♥
If you like to party and make bad decisions follow our boys
What the fuck is up with people hating on people who are not like 3 and twitter? Can we all say stupid and immature?
RT : Great seeing on the Martha Stewart Show this morning. Selected as a staff favorite. It's a good day for tea!
Neuer is just amazing. Watched the saves again twice, channeling Kahn there.
I'm so glad that I have my dog, the only constant in my life right now
thanks so much for the shout-out!
Tailgated a Volvo with a dead deer duct taped to the roof for 5 miles. Rochester, NY windshield decal. Cool folks you got there
Obama addressing concerns seniors must be thinking abt as they graduate #barnard2012 ; makes reference to reproductive health, wages.
BEAUTIFUL opening day for the #Yankees. Sunny skies. High: 67. First Pitch temp at 1:05 PM: 62 degrees under sunny skies.
Oh dang that sounds m!
Take care of the little things, and the big things will take care of themselves
How you in 12th grade fucking with every girl below your grade?
Guys...when u go to restaurants...you should leave when youre done eating. Your server wants to give the same delightful service to more ppl
Pray about the meeting on Mar 5 between President Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu
will you be the outside reader on my dissertation committee? I'm in the history department.
Complicated relationship with Speaktoit: I insulted her for not making a call, she said that wasn't nice, I apologized, she says we're cool.
thanks for the RT.
The #AgnusDei in #Byrd's Mass for 4 Voices is the 2nd best of any in the #Renaissance period
Can't believe we are 3 weeks away from #SXSW! It's gonna be an awesome time! If you attend the Trade Show, stop by and check out our
#slantyeyes not mean at all
Its like I never stopped loving you when we broke way...its just that I'm not 'INLOVE' with you...
here is your afternoon tweet. I hope everyone is having an amazing day!
The National Dry Eye Conference was a hit with a great turnout and monumental guest speakers! Congratulations to
that's probably a better idea... :/
snotty nose... foggy lenses...
Happy Monday to the Southern California Courts. Are you ready to distribute fairness this week?
Bout To Hop In The Shower . >>>
The Winner! Body Talk w Kate Grace! ESPN,1700 AM, Sat. 8-9am. All orthopedic & sports injuries & best way to Fix them !!
Now it's time for the Top Off!
no not my ass the skill I learned/ have BADASSNESS
The Adamouski Biannual- The international competition for all emerging artists. We promote the visual individual-"Adamouski"
LOL RT : Reports of my death are greatly exaggerated. Again. Signed Cash.
No matter how hard it gets focus and push ahead!
Some people look like fish.
April is Friends of Trees month at the Timbers team store at Jeld-Wen. TY ! Stop on by and donate to help plant trees!
We've had a phishing incident: if you've received a DM from us tonight, pls delete! We're addressing the issue now. Thx for your patience!
Playing Kirk Whalum!
blazers reunion time!!
omg..go watch it online!!!
NYC for the Beard Awards...the Oscars of the culinary world! Good Luck Stephanie!
RT : They aren't joking about the delicious margaritas at .... Our trivia performance on the other hand was a joke
went as well as a first show could go. Got me all fired up about the project!
that's so insane!!! If you win remember I raised you who
profile looks good buddy. Burris brats = common interests! PS- run that spell-check! :)
I have five BBQS to hit today, the J.Periiod show tomorrow and Coney Island Wednesday. who says there aint shit todo?
you might not see this but...HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!:) #beliebers love u foreva and always!
Nobody likes honey like this black and yellow little fellow. Can you guess who this week’s Nostalgicon icon is?
Drop in for great afternoon playing board games. We'll have a game for everyone, plus cookies to decorate, too! Come and have some fun!!
lol I'm guessing that's just to name a few lol
Vent brother lol...personally yes it gets frustrating/old but regardless it is great to watch these young guys grow win or lose
Gotdamn if we don't get our ass to sleep lol.
The Silver Ring Thing is for fags who get no game.
Brewing a lighter version of our Irish Amber Ale for the lightweights... And bottled some AA, our good ole American Ale.
Best one liner ever from my dad I hate divorce I rather just find a girl I don't like and buy her a house
He'll prove his worth on the field! #leggo RT : he should have been 5 or 6
Nice job not coming to Hood River today.
it would be fun to see them repeat.
HWGWG = Hot White Girl With Guitar!
chris brown is qbert
yeha i think its through the pgh lax store ill let ya guys know more as i find out
Blastoff Network welcomes The Disney Store as one of our newest retail partners - We love Disney!
"Unique" decisions by the Boards of Ed happen close to home too. Not all members have good grip on ed issues.
Idc just from the start I know this vid gone be good
Listening to while painting. Nice results =]
Poor Mitt might not even win over BHO he is not aiming high enough...
I've seen it in motion outside my office here in DC.
Google Penguin Update Recovery Tips &amp; Advice
Thank you for checking in with us and ! We hope you enjoyed your stay.
I want you to stay with me, by my side, I swallow my pride. Your love is so sweet, it knocks me right off of my feet (:
Oh (: Lol.. That pic <3 “: i cant get over my profile pic ”
It is the ceptic side of Twitter. The only standards here are self-imposed.
Chicory coffee, crunches & Coltrane... great way to start the day.
this made crack up :D Getcho dusty shoes outta hea lol
“: Curtis Painter looks like a chunky Don Majkowski.” // HA! Thought the exact same thing! His slouchy shoulder pads rule!
stop being so perfect all the time, holy bejesus..
Excellent lunch with Great conversation and terrific 2 meet interesting people through Twitter.
Great goal by former player Joe Pavelski to win the game for the Sharks in OT.
8 more days to the BIG DAY
Cold bed sheets >
I'm going to be going out with mike tonight for his 21st birthday. What's going on?! What are you doing?
RT Start of my new diet today. Six small meals. Exercise twice a day.
You always got so much pride, but once you look in my eyes its over. You even told me bout when you was younger.
I thought that article was dope, too...
haha. im out of luck...
Corey Hart, I love you. This is why you're my favorite. #Brewers I thrive off Corey Hart HRs.
Apparently, Ron Artest sponsored the ending of Madonna's halftime show.
I'm pretty much over today.
Nice addition to the chat list! Thanks for the RT :)
ACHE Summer Social @ wine bar was great! Always enriching to meet new ppl, especially those w/ a wealth of experience & knowledge to share!
RT - Wily Mo Pena / Arizona Diamondbacks' Wily Mo Pena hits walk-off pinch homer to beat Cleveland Indians
": Lost your knife? Check my back, that's where you last left it."
awww I love him!
I love you! Stay perfect <333
#2011in3words "all behind me"
I would like to attend a ball. Does #milwaukee ever have such an event?
u watchin #RAW ?
Can he get Eric Snow as a throw in?
// There's a video showing just how uneducated one student is and how she disrespects Columbia's president.
instead of Hail to the Chief the band well play Hell Bent for Leather by Judas Priest
The NBA needs saving & the #Celtics r the X-Men of 2011/12: X-Men Save the NBA! Retwet if U believe.
I'm speechless. They actually calls the Celtics for one of those moving picks???
If I had had a cell phone, I would have called the guy in the company van next to me on the road and told him to stop texting while driving.
my dad sick profile pic on Facebook
Rain for President! RT If I'm elected President gas will only cost 1.25$ a gallon. And sushi will always be half price.
no, not yet. Getting some breakfast first. I'll be at 9. See you there man! You'll love the speed networking event!
We are open today from Noon to 10pm!
thank you...aw, don't cry!
I've decided to take a little break from the art auctions. Mainly because I've run out of small originals and need to paint more! :)
..And makes me think of the movie 'How High'
I got you
A PEACEFUL PROJECT DONT WANT HARM IN AND AROUND
If you leave me a voice mail and don't give me your direct extension but a general office number, I will hate you forever. Just saying.
Three branches of gov't are: miltiary, corporate, and hollywood.
who you got?
Some redneck just said America has never lost a war. Some stereotypes are there for a reason.
so , my heart is broken . but i'm still crazy about you .
Watching an episode of Frasier with a most brilliant guest appearance by Michael Keaton. Jeez. I couldn't love him more. *sigh*
“: Aaron Rogers just texted a picture of his ass to Brett Favre saying pucker up” :-)
every1 follow me!! i bet sme ppl tht i cud get at least 1,000 followers by my bday which is june 12th! #NeverSayNever!!!! ;) thanks
#Obama You Rock
is killing it on right now! 15 mins left to call in and ask him anything!
#Knicks like true NY'ers don't go down without a fight!
LMAO I hate when people say that... Like Tf?
Wow...sorry to hear that. Hopefully you heal quick. :)
same, but I still don't know what some of them are. Like this 💢...wth is that!? 🙆
The 2012 Broncos Official Draft Party will be at Tavern Downtown--Thursday, April 26th at 5:30pm. Free and Open to the Public!! Meet...
Loving the land snail chatter thanks to
Thank you for making this loan happen for our buyers - you are incredible - making the impossible - possible! SALUTE!
aw. I sorry!
*sniff* and I thought we had something special.. but If you won't even let me meet Cokie.. I just don't know anymore.
#ilikeobamacare because I won't be denied coverage in the future for a pre-existing condition. Thanks President
Every failure, obstacle or hardship is an opportunity in disguise. Success in many cases is failure turned inside out. ~ Mary Kay Ash
proud that someone found my website by searching "squirrel haircut & wax"
Can't sleep. WHO'S UP
Put These Bitches On Lock Out !
Trying so hard to get to follow me!
WHOAH SHE LOOKS JUST LIKE YOU!!!
You'll never see the inside of my car.
We can't tweet anymore of this nonsense, but congratulations Newt on your victory. It's definitely been entertaining.
yayyyy <3 I know you happy now :)
I Wanna B Her Man
Yeah that's right
RT : If you fail to plan..you're planning to fail
Just tell me how much you love me so that I don't have to cry myself to sleep every night, I know I love and care about u a lot ❤💋
still waiting for word. did you send a line?
thanks so much for the follow - you all are up to fantastic, essential work!
#NowPlaying--->Nobody By The Wonder Girls
“: why is Kenyan taking down others campaign signs? and Hunter as well! ”
the future involves you too
Happy Monday everyone! Hope you're feeling refreshed from the weekend!
I have a new office. 4301 N MacArthur Blvd. Irving 75038. Check out the rendering at ZeroSpinePain.com
That's only 5 yrs but shoplifting minors get a lifetime ban? Talk abt putting customer safety 1st!
I love hicks
it's not summer...
Miss Needles..you hit a Grand "SLAM" last night ! U SLAYED me, U left me in STITCHES ! U were a "DEAD RINGER" 4 Michelle V
I love you sweetie girl! Happy Momma's Day! Xoxo
You are welcome!
the mexican does not speak english
Trust us, you want the next zoom #repeatreceipt 20 away!
Ellie Kemper's skin is flawless. But still not sure that I like that her dress matches her hair...
umm so how are you? i'm guessing not so great considering the mention of killing someones ipod lol
I cautioned my staff that there may be yelling and cheering coming out of my office as I tune in the Michigan game today.
Just 2 candidates for Master of Arts in Religion. Epic high five in front of everyone.
All I hear is lies lies lies and more lies.....
Good morning people.
we got them fresh from the fish market - itfadalee :-) (means "welcome")
. hope you guys can make it to . sometime before Christmas! Eco friendly baby boutique in
ha.... They still don't. Those are all transplant hawks/wings/bruins/rangers fans
omg loved this ep! Daphne's awsome love her and wilke. Tell me he's not leaving the show? I'll miss it during hiatus
What it takes to be Number 1--->Unmatched customer service, dedicated account management and innovative products and solutions.
I think it's really exciting. For lots of things, esp. acad. publishing, where Harvard goes, so goes the crowd. OA ftw!
yea i kno bout that. but ive been hearing rumors and i was.curious if anyone else heard anything.
#Congress if you pass #SOPA, it is undeniably clear that you do not represent the people, but rather your own interests.
:D I love that song
When I don't feel good on a Friday night>>>>>>
got my bills ready to go haywire for that tangy bev.
Sounds great! DM me please.
Hahahaha I'm too inquisitive and outspoken for my own good. I challenge any and everything!!
Hell yeah sub in Weight training!! Basketball today :)'
whoever's the owner of the white sedan, you left your lights on
I thought three alcohol shots. I was like DANG. Someone enjoys their Wednesdays! ;)
is having several sneak peeks of the movie across the country. Check our facebooks for details. Free tickets involved!
Hi. I was away for few days traveling. I have no clue about who, how or why RE that hacking issue.
I miss march, that was a good month
“: Is anybody checking for this Tom Cruise/MJB musical?”>>>ugh.
Meh. :( I do too now! I'm still scared though.
"One sees great things from the valley; only small things from the peak." G. K. Chesterton via
Brew Crew showing signs of life! Long game, can't wait to be there tomorrow morning
how come it's not
Ron is genuine in person as on camera. I got him to sign a painting, and next time he was thrilled to sign the drawing.
Its so hard to tell the people you care about the truth if they are constantly pissing you off! :/
“: I'm not afraid of storms for I'm learning how to sail my ship. - Louisa May Alcott #quote #rocktheretweet RT ” :)
Women are always right! As a woman, I can confirm that fact.
#HalfwayDone. And I still have to pack. Yippee!
thank you!! let's celebrate.
ok... if amber win, she need to send my friend kurt carr a thank you note :-)
I want to punch someone really bad! Not like in an angry way. More of a there are too many "DB"s around me type of way
17 more days
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
Nuggets going to say goodnight next game! Have fun with this win
Edline ok map fe rele *Lets pray*
Drink TO This: "Shots" (Prod. Brick Tha Killa)
flat tires are really lame.
ipad raffle ! 15$ for book of tickets 3$ each
thanks for the follow! Hope Remy is still digging us!
. Nothing wrong wit being a "side-line" nigga. shit u aint got 2 deal wit her issues on a daily n all she want is dick.
I know almost everybody but me is sold on CarGo (Carlo Gonzalez). Don't see what the big deal is. Very ordinary away from Coors.
Will this Photoshop trial ever finish downloading?!?
Good call!
hahaha! They have made it a study! Who Comes up w/ these ideas? Hey ya know what we should do a study of?
Hey, remember how awesome swings were?
Bomb versus swaqq(;
You're quite right, and they often test too broadly killing any chances for iteration if things go poorly
We are always available
your welcome!!
whoa thats still far though! :( I thought you meant you were moving to like tennessee!
YOU ARE PERFECT!
- i've used Yahoo! PlaceFinder for a couple of small projects
WOW. My heart is going to explode!!!!!
#Bucks have turned this one around.plus 10 in fourth..who is going to close it on the road?
. I don't say this often, but this is one time 4 me when TV series worked over books.
Waka Flocka & Slim Dunkin "Twin Towers" Best Mixtape. I been slapping this shit for Three Days!!!
I wish I could put a price on your cleverness
its supposed to rain then clear up...its gonna be like 80 something degrees today
Let's make like banana and peel!! RT: quote unquote "MY TAB" #NiceLife RT : "put it on the band card" hahaha”
Yeah. My concern exactly.
Secret of good communication: simple, clear messages, repeated often by a wide variety of trusted sources.
Leap of faith
Lazy Sunday watching Home Movies.
true, to a point. we'll have to see how both sides navigate it.
what's tonirrow
I will survive although it would be impossible.
guess whe'll just have to go back and do it!
you seem happy
SMILE-It will make you look better. PRAY-It will keep you strong. LOVE-It will make you enjoy life ... :)) ♥
omg and now there are tons of sirens going on. seriously. where do I live? Detroit? lol
well...hello ;) -alexis
Nice Chandelier! Who are those 'artists' hacking their way thru sum songs? Thanks for being there!
trying very hard not to get lost in the shuffle
It's $5 MOJITO #Mondays need we say more?!?!
thanks, Shawn!!!
Thanks, Curtis!
Mary had a little lamb !
hahahahahaha so the thing about your teacher made my day bc I used to flipping love that song <3
psssssst. Don't tell anybody...you going?
Thanks 2 all our loyal listeners 4 cont. to listen/support the show helping our aud. get 2 where it is in such a short time. Truly Humbled.
Fighting man!!
No luck for the Irish tonight
Dear Ms.K, You're a great person and all, but I don't give a shit about your final.
Congratulations to today's contest winner Haley Van Noord!! Wishing everyone a safe Cinco De Mayo!
just am #
I think it goes without saying that Jamie Hyneman is the top
well no one would leave you standing! Faulkner, Hemingway, Thoreau, Rumi, and contemporaries here. :)
Shooting with actor Kasey Bell today....looking forward to a great session!
Why are they taking so long??? Seems like a no-brainier to me.
So what do you think? Dance Rogue Sports Bra's ??
Thanks for following! We are looking forward to connecting :)
Hilariously on-point!
Going to Champaign-Urbana on Sunday anyone want to carpool? From Chicago.
But his meltdown is SO EXCITING.
Looks like ill be putting in work for a few years but after its all paid for, it's gonna pay me. Let your money work for you!
HUGE fan of your website! I've been a frequent visitor for months now.
How odd... Sign of the times, I suppose. I hope you had insurance to cover the items?
what's poppin slime?!
The HMS Cherokee and the HMS Tamar have opened fire on the USA Defense in the Charlestown, SC harbor, renewing an attack from yesturday.
back to SLC, Utah
ick, no good!!
So STOKED for Saturdays Clippers playoff game! I will be there loud as ever with my two cousins. Clipper nation!!
Fun Fact: I played a couple seasons of ice hockey when I was young. Reason I picked up ice skates and a hockey stick? A: The MIGHTY DUCKS
I'd rather be in rehearsal.
This bitch.
Things have gotten SO real this week.
Any good? I've often thought about picking up a 6, but the label seem so comical.
Yes, ha-ha, good one! RT : thx for the RT. rinse and repeat on Saturday.
damn yo it felt weird not workin last night sheesh
Thanks, you too!
Do you still get to go home to let the dogs out in the middle of the day?
“: Hey, Mitt Old Boy, hate crime and assault aren't a prank. Why didn't he get suspended? His parents were rich. Case closed.
We are so proud to be part of such a strong community! Congrats Zuffa, you actually did the right thing! No Hoelzer Reich clothing allowed!!
Our pool is open until 11p.m.
I was out of my mind, my head was screwed up, Jesus saved me, Ha ha ha ha hallelujah!!! new favorite song!!
A cool mothers day gift if she is old school and needs a new phone. The Droid Razr 4G LTE at Verizon is awesome. good deal right now! -Bobby
RT : Revelations in mobile: Seoul - customers care about speed, network and phones according to #Olleh store manager
What good are gated communities if the violent people live behind the gates?
As a fan since day one when they used to say BAM BAM and fun since he came into this league !THEY CAN DO THIS!
Rock chalk baby!!!!!!! Too proud right now KUuUUuUuuUu
My birthday is today :) gonna party it up haha.
Do you believe me when I say I love you?
HAVE A BLAST!!! You'll remember this day always. A piece of my heart lies beneath the pitch :-)
Here's to wishing #Adele was lesbian!!
BOP! ": I will not stand for this cold. Especially when I left my winter coat at work. #fail"
Sorry I missed you. Let's talk travel plans soon xo
There's still time to stick on the fake eyelashes and head to our big party with , Miss M & Lily the hostess!
thanks for helping the planet :)
do u guys have things planned Wednesday and Thursday already
Give us a call at 202.686.9330 and our Support Team will gladly help you out. Thanks!
haha nice save adding the "in their own way" part bc we both know........
Carolina on my mind... Road trip time...
(not tonight)
Breaking: Kobe was hogging the bathroom all afternoon!
happy birthday hun <3 i hope you are having the most amazing day in the entire world!<3 xoxoxoxoxoxoxo
please say hi to Sparklyrebel98 she won't stop talking about you
Oh, duh. Of course, #dan!
What would you think of getting Buddy Ebsen for the Mountain Dew campaign, & ? In his hillbilly character?
One of my two favorite bites of the night.
Wow, these John Travolta accusers are dropping lawsuits right and left...things that make you go hm!
Metro lady says there will be delays due to someone getting hit by a train. Can't imagine how awful that must be for person and family.
I could never climb a fucking mountain
#20ThingsAboutMe You probably wouldn't like my harsh honesty if you ever met me . I don't really have a filter . :/
INCREDIBLE... Minus the fact that I've only slept 4hrs since Thursday :)
Check out Saturdays on "Cashin In"excellent pontification....!
New in draft this week: Chicory Stout. Come down to the North Shore this weekend and grab a pint or 4!
Another gorgeous Day in Baltimore.........Somebody tell me why the high for today is nearly 80 degrees and its like November...
To all my followers hit me wit a shout out...
Midnight premiere goers — how was Hunger Games?
Better than "Keep it Solar, Stupid" - not the most positive message :)
I have no words to describe your lack of concern, except that I miss hearing it on a daily basis.
Thanks for the follow back
Im always watching ghost hunting shows
Roll Tide / War Eagle
Well, almost. Have a few more things to get done, will prob miss the start, but then watch the rest. Get em winning for me, k?
RT : Congrats to all college grads today!!
it's at 7:10 I'm gonna look n see how much tickets are tonight or tomorrow morning n I can spot u
I will photographing the last ever LCD Soundsystem concert tonight at Madison Square Garden!
Hot Tuna Melt
RT : #CONgress should only be fed the rubbish the #FDA approves, #TunaScrape, #PinkSlime, #Asparatame, #HFCS, etc.
#funday. Got invited to be on the yearbook staff(:
so whats cracking tonight Twitter pets?
These females forever saying they ready to settle down and what a good man but steady talking to niggas on side
Did you know that kiwi has more than twice the vitamin C of an orange (when compared ounce for ounce)? 1 kiwi has 47 calories + 3g of fiber.
My mom lives two hours from Boston, so she's driving in & I'm flying in. We don't see each other often, so it's a treat. :)
DLO the real deal!! remember in the entrance music
hanging at Nikki's?
Teach me how to act my own age because I find acting like a 12-year old much more entertaining.
I wish I had more time. If I buy from a bridal shop, the order needs to be placed next week. I have an appt at Zita's tomorrow.
Little victories. Hold fast boys; we're just getting started.
perfect! And I might be. I clicked follow on the phone just in case. The app doesn't know. I think. :)
I can never do anything for myself because I don't have money. I can't even help the band that I love the most :(
Yes! Did you decide on a place? I'm pretty open. (Booked a room in Andover).
omg didnt even tell you who that is... So shut that up lol
RB Larry Johnson goes unclaimed on waivers, free to sign with any team
by then the internet probably will be an exhibit in a museum filled with kids laughing at how old and outdated it is
I like doing body shots off my dad
benefit class in South Hampton Tomorrow! Yoga Gives Studio! Stretch before the storm....
Do or die pats!!!
.'s keynote presentation gives me faith that you don't need Prezi to give a great presentation
I like this..
Enjoying the rainy morning
Happy Birthday!! :D
bro we got it in shit was funny got on stage wit 2 chains,got in vip for free,fucked wit panky & day azz ken was a fiend
Happy St Patrick's Day!
What's better than Irish Coffee? Spanish Coffee. Maybe.
thank you so much for listening! You rock!
lol isn't Carlos just gorgeous :) the speedo helps!
cinci tomorrow not lex! So excited to see you!!!!!
I forgot to put gel in my hair :(
Great banking conference via Jack Henry Group. Good news and good stuff even with all the craziness going on!
Stupid sloppy seconds eater.
It's the weekend. Anyone down for a tea party where coffee is consumed?
Happy monday nation!
interesting, great point RT : When President Obama was born his parent's marriage was illegal in 22 states.
With breezy conditions continuing, though, we could see some blowing snow and driving conditions could be rough at times. Stay safe!
can you send me your design work samples to I'll furinsh u with details upon receiving that.
Do You Actively Root Against The Miami Heat? When Lebron James and Chris Bosh were first welcomed into Miami, they, along with Dwyane Wad
The Healing Meditation I led for the breast cancer survivors went well. All wanted copy to follow along with. Love & compassion rocks!
send me a direct message or text me
I believe every political ad.
Just had an aerobic class and i feel like im gonna die. My legs are in so much pain lol
Back to the field for some installs. Get those questions in slackers...oh yea, have a nice day. It's almost the weekend!
Yay! Hope all is well--are you still into charters?
shoot for maybe Friday. Or Thursday. Post shit on facebook about it and stuff:)
RT : "Stay hungry, Stay foolish"... the mantra of my buddy what a guy! / Haha, word.
and offically have tickets to hangout music festival!
Spent 5 minutes in traffic really listening to Luther Vandross' Dance With My Father.
So adding in people using W7 illegally, it's probably on about a billion computers.
Wht did i ever do to u? U wanna start stuff well go for it thro gas into the fire see whts gonna happen
": People giving CJ Watson death threats on Twitter ....Thats Ruthless smh wow
Kut U Up reunited?!? i smell another Pop disaster tour
He landed face-first in a middle-schooler's chest!
It will be on draft for We'll try to post the specifics here and on Facebook!
She is ! Not sure I saw that, will have too though! She is at QVC here in PA sometimes, you ever been there Danielle?
I wish I could rock sweats and jays to work damn!!
This 4am shift kickin my butt!!!
Can you believe asses are over
what's point of having fact checker if they just lie too? Politifact's lie of the year is true. The Post hack agrees. Shameful.
Dentist: don't be scared...I've done this before...show me your teeth! Me: you're not Gaga.
LOL :D nm just here about 2 do my homework Captain xD
Why would you even say that?
i have a feeling ima be vitamin waterless
's editorial in addition 2 being weak, demonstrates he has limited knowledge of Board Service, & lacks the courage to name names
bring some champagne flutes, Rozay, and some Shots Over, I Think Betta When Im Not Sober!!
the catholic church only has feast days so they can feel guilty about it the next day :-P
To all of you Yankees fans down at Camden Yards, I legit hope you die in a car crash on the way home from this game.
Well another weekend has come and gone...so sad getting up for work/school on mondays.
Excited about a #PR call I just received! After Friday I'll know if it's a go!
it's been sent
Working with Big D tonight til close. Come entertain us people!! Specials TBA!
Good morning! It's a great day to be a Bobcat! And a great day to be a Wisconsin and Marquette fan!
don't panic..
I'm at Saltgrass and I'm watching the Bulls play on TV!!!!!! :)
theres so much to do so little time
Merry Christmas Eve! We hope you are all ready for the Holiday!!!
on Kobe it is
I miss that dumb fuck Newt - so much good material.
im sure you do. what about if the taxpayers money gets used nefariously though?
Finally sitting
Chris Lehmann the man, meet Chris Lehmann the man on paper. Same guy. Duh.
In the OC but in town on Sat if you're around. Hit me up. RT : can't wait! If you're around LA hit me up.
I kind of wish I had more people I knew follow me on Twitter, but then I would probably want to kill half of them afterwards.
offtop brah let the #LGND know we gotta line up a visual asap.
#FF Keeping us up-to-date on all the best things to do on campus and spreading news about amazing undergrads!
Have a great weekend, thanks for the RTs!
If you're talking about the Chapel Hill store...we closed for summer, hoping to open back up in the next couple weeks!
Giving this app Thirst a shot. So far so cool. :)
You guys should dedicate entire segments to D.Rose's toe.
It is quite the stanley steemer in Chicago lately...
#Excerpt- On bent knee, hand spaced before him for balance, he surveyed the area. Where was Sally? Did they take her too? And what of Joal?
Dm I Got Something to tell you haha
I'm a comic, not a clown.
In the trial of my life, I plead the fifth, the 5th of May. Happy Cinqo de Mayo
Just in wrigley and saw a sox fan yell "you suck" to a cubs fan
Yay!! I'm so excited!! I can't wait to see you guys again
someone just told me, "Life begins at the end of your comfort zone..." so I guess it started the first day after I joined Mandonna??
I MISS YOU TOO! I'm leaving al winter break, so January you better hangout with me!
be strong and move on
Who TF still has a KIK?!
I so miss them more than anything in the world Shinhwa Love You and Miss You.
Sounds like a good plan.
With Attending screening of Bridesmaids with talk back incl:Kristin Wiig, Maya Rudolph, , Melissa McCarthy & others!
Tweeps! Are you interested in volunteering with the Hunter V Day team this winter? E-mail us at !
Why is there 14 back on the shot clock!?!?
C'mon down to Pioneer Courthouse Square. Don't miss your one chance this year to see "The Camster" in broad daylight.
that's really awesome!
Folks, I'm looking for studies on the economic impact of #prizes. I have the McKinsey report, Harvard's work, and GT's work. Others?
can't get the Flo-Rida song Sugar outta my head....
oh man! I want to see the pic!!!!
This weather disgusts me.
whenever you get out of W.Sea, we wld love 2 meet you @ our cafe. We hear great things you do 4 our West Seattle neighbors
I will watch How I Met Your Mother. All Night. And Alone. I just wish I had a boyfriend to cuddle with.
you're straight hero squad. Happy bearded birthday mate
Picking out the perfect font is both nausea inducing and probably too much fun for one person to be having.
Why is #World Cup so dysfunctional? #soccer in general. Without accountability and instant replay it has as much credibility as boxing.
The two most abundant things in the universe are Hydrogren and stupidity.
1000 things the be grateful for today. Yes,Thank you, thank you.........
I think that makes you its legal guardian in some states.
<3 you & ! Wishing you the most perfect day together & a lifetime of happiness. Xoxo.
if u hoes fucking for free u deserve to be broke HA HA HA...
Well twitter is confusingg need to upload pics uber bored sitting in french tryn do work and failing
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year! From your friends at 303 TAXI and Flash Cab :)
Basketball is always about THE NEXT PLAY. Doesn't matter if u just scored or took a charge as much as what will u do next to help your team.
RT : oh man what am I going to do about this indie-classical shit. If another person says it I am gonna wet myself.
Lynch for a 4th round pick? Pretty sure they coulda got a better value just trading his grill in to Cash4Gold.
Just finished the final season of The Wonder Years on netflix. My life is better from watching that show.
Would like to thank Sezonmon Alosse for helping keep me aloft this sleepy, sleepy morning.
‎"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowline
Thank You !!
would more of a cream(cf Pierre hermes) work, more subtle yellow color? Maybe baked it comes out the same anyway...
they still make me happy. no shame.
Thank you!! Always good to be home! See you soon B! Love you!
Don't fuck with people's feelings.
it was crazy at LAX tonight! Thought 12:30am would be quiet!
ha! Awesome
That was
That's 2 times that I have listened to #SaySomethin in 1 hour.. YEE!! you done an amazing job. I'm so proud to be a Mahomie<3
Be my date this Christmas eve, be my holiday, my dream.
Working on one of our new flavors coming this spring. Taste Testing is fabulous
Bobby Lee from MadTV? one of my favorites! The 24 skits were the best. I dont get a lot of APA actors to pick from to enjoy!
Google tribute to keith haring.
nah... just kidding! of course! he's come so far <33
so now every other team can hide their bounty systems as "purely for performance." saints are the sacrificial goat here
Motivos's Flor Melendez will present her #poem from the Fall '11 edition, Love's Many Faces at Stetson Middle School this Thursday.
Honestly, I've yet to read either.
found a way to link all my internet communications so I don't have to check or post separately...ping.fm
Why. am. I. still. awake? Erghhh
A very special #FF and thanks to ! Anyone reading this should follow 'em. Do it!
social technologies amplify relationships, open leadership is enhanced by strong relationships and freedom to fail
forced me into the arms of Chrome
I just heard Sam Waterston say the F word -I <3 HBO
Just finished first jui-jitsu class. I liked it!
haha-you can't beat $5 t-shirts and $10 sweatshirts..you might as well just give in and come on by :)
yeah Denver's defense (20th overall) must've been awesome--not TT--look at all those offense pix. Oh wait!
I had one chance that would change everything and I missed it FML
RED ALERT, RED ALERT...... CONAIR IS ON TNT! #CameronPoe#1Fan!
Jay-ism #10 - "Be smart enough to know that you don’t know everything. "
i like you
Yes they deserve to die and i hope they burn in hell
i want to go night sledding
im a little drunk on you and high on summertime
there are tons of westerners in my area, so i'm not that unusual. but still an object of curiosity. plus my blonde hair sticks out A LOT.
Sick enough that I just rebooked a trip. Ugh. Denver early next week instead.
Watching floor debate in the MD House - proposal for a modest tax increase on upper income earners sparks calls of "socialism." Jesus wept.
Ha. Sorry. I ate most of the jelly beans.
wow, that pic is amazing! :) go Ollie!
perhaps your correct, but perhaps not.
I hope to get my Wings fix this season too... lots of streaming games.
People just don't get it
Heading to Reno, NV to bowl in the nationals tournament. I'm excited.....its like a mini vacation for me.
You better b just kidding. I was gone have to beat/talk some sense into you.
..Thought i loved you so
makes 2 much sense to trade Youk for a major league reliever if you get the team to take his contract. whats holding them back?
what's wrong??
WOW! cant believe I got a parking spot this A.M. Church is packed! I can relax now I was going to be upset if I missed it. Happy Easter! :)
Do you know how brilliant "best seat in the house" is vocally?
Taking a Google Analytics certification practice test. So far, so good.
Great my freaking plans ruined again!! :(
Bo knows rollerskating
What's going on, Paris weather? I just put a turtleneck on in July. It's rainy and mid-50s, and this Memphis girl is very confused...
Waiting at a motorcycle shop with my little brother's best friend... let's just say the last 24 hours have been interesting.
Listen to Adele for a good night's rest. RT : Lol, :) goodnight tweethearts.
Thanks. Just having fun while on radio . They say I have a face for it
If you are a union member, vote Rep. Brad Miller. If you don't work for a very large union company, work to defeat him. He works against you
Prove that lightning isn't wizards fighting. You can't.
yes definitely! Thanks for sharing!
Staffing the Museum Studies booth at the showcase expo at
"Slide" is delicious...
Oh you're fixing that underbite? Well power to you sweetie.
via “A woman came up to me the other day and said, You’re the kiddie-book man!” Sendak said to VF last year. "wanted to kill her.”
Here's some Optimistic #YankeesFacts The last time the #Yankees lost a game on 4/28 was 2006 against the Blue jays at old Yankee Stadium.
Subscribe to GraceAndChristine on YouTube!! If you do I'll give you a shout out!!! It's my little sister!!
I'm in! Bring "Who's The Boss", I want to play while we watch…
Attending ESRI "Extend the Reach of Your GIS" seminar in NYC.
check out www.gadsenrecords.com
That Black. That Gold. That New Orleans Soul. Winning is the attitude. GEAUX SAINTS!!
I am now the proud owner of a Chicago Public Library card!
￼Santorum formally endorses Romney in email
I think it's more a core competency.
I Love My Mom, Even Doe We HaVe Our Ups And Downs
But I tell niggas I have a boyfriend anyway. I haven't been in a relationship in 7 months but I still say I have a boyfriend.
man they tamales sound good right now.
Just seen this Mexican w; the DC flag sign tattoo. -____- you don't see nobody w; a Puerto Rico tattoo on them.
Keep an eye out for my new and updated web site. It should be up and running sometime this weekend or early Monday. :-)
Interesting; maybe hospitals w/Social Media could ask community to help those in dire need post-discharge after medical crisis
A lesson that could be reaffirmed for me as well :-) I hope the rest of your apps are going well!
Dudes who pose in a avi like mine are
If u need Beatz ...Production work for the low
Ok...the commercial with the talking pothole...totally filmed on Bridgeport hill. I'm sure of it!
Last night I saw that you lost all of them, but now I'm looking and you have 138. I guess it fixed itself haha.
I'm on a health and fitness journey and its amazing. 20 lbs - gone. Stronger, slimmer and still plus sized! Don't let the size fool you!
Not taking shit anymore
LOL!!! RT : Why is Jimmy Fallon so orange in those card commercials?
It is weird being on the other side of the table at a craft fair ie. Spending money
However this ends at #Fukushima nuclear plant, our hearts go out to the small remaining crew working so hard to avert a disaster.
Thank you!
Looking forward to catching up soon. Thank you Senor Social Tables
We've been busy at our #EfS Summer Design Studio!
only the cool ones. Although I may be driving something new in the morning.
Everytime I come to Ohio I'm reminded why I never come to Ohio.
I didn't try it, thank god. So shameful.
and then.....the microwave goes "ding"..(runs to microwave)
what's up sitch how's everything going man hope all is well! And your man is now followed by me. Rt follow?
I know many CPD. They are feeling the stress of the NATO summit & it's not the weekend yet.
Great job on the redesign! Much easier to navigate
The Sixers are still playing?
I get to see him! :) super excited! And I get to party!!!
Lisa Jackson, the EPA Administrator, is about to begin a town hall here at Exciting!
You and me both. :D
how and who we gonna get lol
Cause there'll be no sunlight if I lose you baby.
dumped out of tourney all in with QJ suited, got called off by a guy with same stack K9 off...K on flop...retards galore!
Howson isn't bad, I think it was priest that done goofed.
I don't know
Sucks to suck
Prediction: 9 months from tonight, Greater Los Angeles will see a spate of BBQ Sauce Babies being born. LOVE WAS IN THE AIR I'M TELLING YOU
I like listening in on chef interviews.
We were pure in our naivete, seized by injustice. Overwhelmed by events. Wanted new breed. Obama looked the part. Not new
Worry About You by 2AM Club fdghdfhghdgfh listening to this song since like 2010 . one of those songs that dont age ~
So ready for a photo shoot
Tuesday will be in the house for food and craft beer pairing event. Beer in a can and food on a plate yum!
Let's address issues in our own communities, in our own neighborhoods, in our own country. THANK YOU!.
I know that feeling of not closing a game 7 at home. I feel for you Memphis.
Prof. Giggie on the political, religious, economic, & cultural spaces of #railroads where blacks explored freedom and experienced
anyone not like the term #spirituality? but do like the concepts of positivity and human connection? if so, why?
Girls, have you ever caught your dude cheating? What gave it away? 571-9898 or leave your comment here --Jonathan
oh ok, prison break is cool.
As a public official, I'm very pleased that so many Virginians are following what their government does live, even at 12:30 am on Tuesday.
haha great thinking ;)
long day today. and gonna be tomorrow. goodnight!
Mahalo nui loa to for joining us today at The Art of Gallery.
OMG AUSTIN IS COMMING TO LA OMG
Ryan Braun is a mac
i thought we were doing the final in class?
An odd Irish birthday tradition is to lift the birthday child upside down and give his head a few gentle bumps on the floor for good luck.
#dwts go home Nancy!!!!!
i'm realizing why voldemort wanted to live forever. but i think my goals are better achieved over multiple lifetimes, so don't worry.
RT : visit us 3/16 6pm ? SYP will throw out some pizzas on us for the tweetup crowd.
RT : Bruh ANY artist wants to be appreciated for their work, you wouldnt want someone messing up your hard work would you?
I learned my lesson, do not eat pancakes and syrup during your 8 month of pregnancy...baby kicking like crazy!
yes i should. my sister and nephew live there too. what's up Lowell P?
The 20% is probably the percentage of dirty cops anyway. Let them go and we'll defend our own.
: When I'm watching with my kids & hear your voice in Happy Feet 2, I feel I'm hearing a friend. And I'm not usually sappy.
That one creepy guy in every movie thay ends up being the hero
(My kind of gal!)... I would rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not. -Lucille Ball
NO LOCK DOORS.... LMAO
We’re at “The Next Generation in Flight VI”. Stop by the table for a chance to win some great prizes!
HAHA! The creepiest!
No matter when or where or who.
The only other I applied to is winning!
First job interview on Wednesday!
You too! Hope the bus ride back to campus wasn't too bad
for uwm?! I still have to order mine! How do I do that?!
they said they kno who killed biggie
I noticed!. :'( I was going to keep watching even though the views were dropping!!!! (: #iloveyouDylan!(:
During the hours of 12:00 to 4:00 Monday thru Friday, please don't call me. I just got my ass handed to me for answering a call. Thanks!
2/2 The 4 song stretch of Point Blank, 41 Shots, The Rising, Lonesome Day... flowed together perfectly musically and thematically.
Amen to that Teddy RT : One good half enuf for #northwestern to beat psu. How bout #illini on wed? Aint gonna cut it.
I have not seen you yet. I am waiting for my food
This Clever Love
We are committed to bringing out some of the best artists we can find!
Global Veterinary Vaccines Industry
Fair Trade Sampling Day and Milwaukee Fair Trade Crawl Today. Get your fair trade on at ! 11 - 2 pm
we are not spoiled enough lol
I like this one. RT : Never limit your view of life by any past experience.
shouldn't be tweeting d: She should be learning.
He sleeps....
I came into this world black, bare and ugly. And no matter how much I amass here, it is a short journey. I will return naked and ugly.
seriously. INCREDIBLE! Such powerful vocals and emotional yet so young! You go girl!
I totally just needed a watermelon!! I have no problem with people telling me I look like you. Because you're beautiful.!
Quit stabbing me in the heart with ur broken promises.
I'm here too! RT : your correspondent is here in Tampa!!! #ACCHockey cc:
Go like Paradise Fears New Jersey Street Team! Get their likes up :)
Also, please let me know if there are any opportunities that I can help you all out up there.
Got the first copy of the new BlueDogRose tarot, need to tweak a few things, then available soon!
; you are blowing my phone up !
Tonight we are playing at Sambuca360 (7200 Bishop Road # 270 Plano, TX 75024) Come hang out! Be sure to grab an EP while you are out!
thank YOU for the hug!!
I hear the Tribe isn't drawing flies to the park even though they're in 1st. Howcum? Too early to wait for other shoe to drop.
love the outfit!! awesome blouse especially!
very rare that I abandon Tang, gotta go with what feels right
LIKE WHAT
Hey boo boo!
:) Brew Crew! RT : Happy #ValentinesDay #Brewers fans! RT if you LOVE the #Brewers!
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "Greatness comes from within"
Eating Lobster!!! Yummmmyyyyy
No you must be qualify for free roll through the tournament or drawing
ok hurry the fuuck up!!!!
what shall we call it!!!??
When radio stations give away 1D meet and greets, but you're never there to hear about the contest until it's too late. #IHateThat :"(
How's your "I stole someone's pictures and made up a fake" girlfriend doing?
Today is November 4th, and in 4 short days, we can elect Mayor Coleman to a HISTORIC 4th term!
There's a lot of effing jerks in A Game of Thrones.
why im rooting for #Sens and #Devils tomorrow. As chaotic as it sounds the playoffs need more chaos
What are your plans for the Ohio State #FinalFour game?
I'm sorry, I just need to ask. What the fuck is up with your face?
yeah of course i love this two song <3
Nice meeting you Kent! Hope the movie turns out great!
I still feel like I am in a dream lol can't believe it
Wine company has just launched: www.giftedvine.com. yummy wines for lots of fun occasions. cheers!
Jason and I are on our way to ZION!!!! Can't wait!!
"Each of us has a fire in our hearts for something. It's our #GoalInLife to find it"
night night Jdav!
I like that J. Harden disregarded that prior elbow and came to play. Lesser man would have been intimidated.
3 hours down....6 to go! Plenty of time to get out here and see how ACM Rocks Bricktown!
yes it does I found a ton here on twitter. Now is a good time as any to have it lots of good things
Greyhound owner/lover & brains behind Jem Racing is now on twitter.
On DWTS tonight, wear a "cowboy tux" or u will feel under-dressed. Just ask !!
Good fight thou, good fight
#Techsongs she Csharp# ed me all night long
Thanks for the follow Ruvimbo "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
Chubb: "It's not an option to keep technology out." Challenge for educators is how to make it work for schools.
Meetings <18 minutes, retreats waste of time/money, just give the employees an extra day off
Haha- I guess so!
I named my pillow pet after you 
Dear computer: Stop stopping and start starting. Please?
#BOYFRIENDReview a lot of boys in school are in shock .haha u did it J!!!!
studio wif working on amazing records
Shout out to all my buddies who bought Depends for tonight. Just in case.
Another flaw in the human character is that everybody wants to build and nobody wants to do maintenance.
10's for Katherine and Mark?!? Woooohooo, that dance was amazing.
“: Tour de Fat coming back to Palmer Square park on July 21!”
deep breath. Love you!
Sutra tonight welcome to the crew
“Power resides only where men believe it resides...ofttimes a very small man can cast a very large shadow.”~Martin, Game of Thrones
Sure do! $1 Avery's Pearls Oysters 5pm til 10pm! “: any specials for the games on Thursday"
#EMPIRE TONITE EACH AND EVERY SATURDAY GOIN HAM !!!! DA MOB BE ON POINT, 5 STAR ON PIONT!!»
Welcome back Corina (Mendoza) Trommer, who returned to NTH as a Project Engineer, reporting to Mark Young in Northville!
Yes COME ON POOH
yess it is
The time is now...
When a coach doesn't tell you're not in an event till you're already at the track in the rain <<<<<<
Most Definitely man!
#kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More! at Southern Methodist University, Wed, May 16 9:00a: Love gaming,...
Windows down sunroof open and on :)
S(he) be(lie)ve(d)
I don't doubt it RT : DID YOU KNOW: Science tells us that Monday was created in ancient Rome as punishment for stealing.
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "ZOMBIE" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
completing my last full week of student teaching ever! two more days next week nd dunzoo. goin #HAM this weekend
I know what u mean. This one time I sprainedy wrist and...never mind. You're probably not interested.
6 days until the FINAL Sunday night cookout of the season... don't forget to make your reservations - the patio fills up quickly!
RT ": Fucking hate mexican girls god damn"
Shout out to TeamLilKim & TeamJanetJackson the best!!
plz follow me
hope we can connect soon!
“To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.”-- Anatole France
followed too <3 [=
They pissed off Edgar >:P These kids are so immature.
British slang for a cigarette or American slang for a gay male.
"awesome sauce!"
I don't understand why Carl Hagelin wears a visor, It's above his eyes.
Enjoying a nice meal at PF Changs at Natick Collection.
Tonight on ESPN: highly-anticipated doc "The Announcement"... When Magic Johnson shocked the world with his news. 9 pm ET
Oh? I've run into a series of broken links to free installs on my Mac. The universe hates me, I think.
IRON MAN is still a joy. Did seem a little slow at points today, but still a great superhero flick. 3 out of 4 stars.
What feeling? RT : I'm fucking sick of this feeling.
I love when it's really cold in my room. Ugh ❤
Was it right for Elizabeth Warren to identify as a minority? Will voters care?
Got it - so glad you liked #WWS! Excited to get going on this next one.
Got the life!
dreaming about Patagonia
you're my life please follow me<3
really though, shit is hilarious!
Upper New York state, Appalachian Mountians, Fingerlakes etc. great for nature, hiking and and scenic! Enjoy!
LoBiondo: we need to get over the idea that religious values are only divisive - cultural meanings at local level are essential
nobody cares!
Oh, cha cha is coming up!
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of a fool.
Problem is I hadn't noticed it before especially when it comes to recent writers.
When rob dyrdeck makes fun of gingers >>>>>
I feel the hate crashing over me so rescue me
Man that dream was about to get good.... Think God had that stuff fall on me on purpose. lmbo
Do NOT forget your ears!
Sorry I haven't tweeter a lot today. I will at school tomorrow
Now available at Woodmans in Oak Creek! Pick up a 6 pack for the weekend!
A friend is a present you give yourself. -Robert Louis Stevenson
We want to say thank u for the 44 FolLower we wish that can be more but thanx to all ;) luv u
Can't believe the shit ppl wake me up 4! So my lil bro drew a stickman wit a gun & told his teacher "F*CK U BITCH" & said i taught him -__-
A quote would probably say "The poor long for riches, the rich long for heaven, but the wise long for a state of tranquility."
a reason to be an #organdonor AND #packer fan :)
May is skin cancer awareness month. We'll be posting related questions all week. Tweet True or False using #acsskin for a chance to win.
I have serious anger issues .
40 people at training tonight, great night of training. Big games this weekend with Glendale and Northland.
Alright 2012….let's do this!
if its a oil based paint u Can pour sum vanilla extract n a bowl set it n the room for 2 days u should b straight
“: Best relationship? When you can act like lovers and bestfriends at the same time.” (:
aw stay beautiful forever claudia.. that's all I have to say. <3.<3
why are you awake?
