Lol RT : "I can't wait for my favorite rapper to come out with a new CD." - Fucking no one! EVER!
is my new crack cocaine. #Bravo #FashionStar 👏👍
wait was it really you??
that better not be my chair!
Going to be hearing a lot of you tomorrow. Going to be at both ends of the DH.
Keep up the GREAT WORK KATHY! :)
Finally finished my freakin research paper! I now have the biggest headache! Off to bed goodnight<3
Driven: 2013 Ford Flex Limited EcoBoost AWD - Winding Road Magazine
Crawling under my blankets now to keep warm!
I will walk you through it later.
Good Morning Fashiontonians! We are so excited about our new team. We aim to represent all ages so check out the site at 10 AM for newness!
Oh yeah..lol he's gay now jack. RT Obama endorsed the Homos right to Marry....Fox News finna be classic tonight
Its such a beautiful day I think imma go streaking...
Thanks! RT : Love on south High St. These guys rock so come visit - sit on patio overlooking
#wmnldrs. Rita Cheng shares that women are an under utilzed resource. Not after today!
LOVE IT! : YES!! It's SO sunny and warm here. Had so much fun last night dancing too.
Alternately, email "info @ makrs.com"(no spaces) from the email you registered with and we'll activate your account straight away!
Watching The Proposal....funny flick!
Well done as always, Noah.
Not in mind, no. We changed a little bit on the album; people change. But you can tell it's us, it's got OIC all over it <3
Call of Duty !
Just FYI, folks, I am totally fine! Sometimes, I just really need a little bit of quiet. Appreciate that y'all check, though. <3
counts in my eyes! In all seriousness though, would love to get some advice from you soon. DM me your em address por favor :)
THE RAID COLON MOVIE FILM FOR THEATERS
Lately I've been seeing lights & decorations on houses for every holiday, including Arbor Day and Yom Kippur.
You lie to me? Ohh never.
Money Saving Tip #50: Start a garden.
repeating numerous times - "he went where the eyeballs were" talking about orabrush.
So begins the storms
The mission I'ma bust to print this crap out -.-
not everything in this magical world is quite what it seems
Finally took some advice and ditched the generic "Dr. No" dots for SOMETHING else. A messy post-it note!
Hoping I can sleep okay tonight. Wishing I had brought some melatonin just in case.
Maybe you are just like every other guy out there...
prob not. We're having another on wed for aia. Come then!
i miss you too ! We NEED to hang out this summer girly ! (:
hey bumpa baby!!!! What it do for you today!?
! Happy National Pretzel Day!
oh thats good :)
in a pool of their own blood
The dumb ass decisions she makes 😒
omg dude i got scared for a sec i waz lik wtf ? -.- she betrayed us i thought they were humans
Welcome to NYAGP! Learn Green, Teach Green and Earn Green!!!
I thought we were friends? Aha. I was mistaken
what? never seen mean girls?! what gays do YOU hangout with?!?
i will never understand why people think that you are attractive
Loud smoking something andprotesters ordered out of intersection back into plaza
And "punk" got dragged along in some senses. It was a label to place the genre into SciFi context.
Excellent! Have a blessed day. ^staff
Glad to hear it. Good luck!
any news on Kevin Smith?
RT : In SBD, ESPN opens office in Bangalore, India for its emerging technology group - unit's 1st int'l location.
Some days after work you just need a good scream in your car. Good thing I didn't ride the bus today.
There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. – Aldous Huxley
you are great.
I'd kindly ask if I could have half?
Hi Stacie, I had coffee Sue Rodman yesterday and she suggested I introduce myself. Hello!
Idk know what else to say.
Cant breathe or taste anything. Grrr
Share the Gospel as if lives depend on it.....
I love my son to death I think he look like me more but a lot of ppl say that he look like my nephew
Someone tell Kobe to fix his face lmao
i miss u too hun... Life sux i ain got nothing to do down here for real
I saw it over @ Gordon Fieldhouse at top of stairs by box office
RT : Guys, I'm really concerned about Jason Street - he had to be carted off the field.
i am in a happy place lol
Ride on
Lamest day ever
Im Bout to put this shit down bro SXSW .
Which states exactly?
i would like to play an hour of instrumentals every week on
- I think it's about time that you to come to Maine for a show.
2012 is on.. eek!
Whomever invented the new twist plastic pieces on Fisher Price toy packaging is a genius. It's easy to get toys out now. #engineering genius
you'd kill there...
RT: OWN YOUR VOICE - join and for a FREE live online interactive coaching session. Tweet me 2 find out how?
Easy...burger king RT : draft day is soon and I'm mock draft out! Lets do Meatsauce mocks of best fast food fries
That may be the funniest saying I have ever heard. I just almost choked...lol
I did. Thank you. I'll send the rider in response and prep them for syndication.
i'm mad at everyone right now
thanks you too!
Finally Oregon City shows!!!
Maybe you should write something for #heweblink about your breakfast experience.
Green Mill is so hott right now!
Off to bed! G'night. Talk to you tomorrow. Maybe :) We're terrible at communicating via phone. This is why God invented bars.
I'm going to tune up my chair! We can end in the gym and have an office chair treadmill race too haha
I'm sorry to hear that. Given how well-prepared you are, your interests just must be a very bad fit.
The original is longer. Moves slower, less polished. More character development, and unfolding of the complex plot.
y'know just doing our part to stop the rolling blackouts
they are on some bullshit
A chatting thing!
kirstys on now!
I'm so lost. I don't know how to deal with these feelings....
That's why three of us in the office don't like going to the dentist.
I wonder if Drew knows when he sleeps he takes up my whole bed and I have the edge? I wonder if my dog is sorry for that?
I just don't know :-) .... Ehh I'm sure I'll figure it out.
I'm doing that right now
u r a Moron #Melo has always been on "bad" playoff teams and faced top seeded teams
lmao good job
hit her?
hey! (: remember me? i said i go to Lakota schools..(:
why the hell would you ever go tgere
thts right grl live ya life
When I saw you I smiled, then I fell for ya. <3
she told me I have 2 minutes to use the bathroom. Listen lady I have to shit and I dont take miracle speed shots so wait.
Getting canned isn't always bad. Celebrate #cannedcraftbeerday at Mellow w/one of our 16 crafts in cans.
why should I?
thank you so much for listening. We'll have more songs in no time :)
umm AC would stand for alternating current. DC is NOT proof of Jesus Christ however. CE is now used for current era.
If I cared do you think I would be laughing
Love u Ray
No lie, no lie, no lieieieie
"Rendez-vous In France" Press luncheon at The Beverly Wilshire Hotel today!
keep on Eric!!!
I'm a very blessed BASTARD!! ..:)!!
I can see u as cat woman. I'll create my own. How about Smileadon?
First Bye Week coming up! Make sure you make those Roster changes you Part Timer Fantasy Folks!
who won last night?
Two glasses of beer in fire
thank! We are going to have a tweet screen above the guest book :)
Hey chris is having his red &white spring game at 2 if you get out by then and wanna go let me know
Thank you Tom Beyer. Like you back!
Hyper tufa planter making is just pretend high brow sandcastle fun!
workin' at the Beinecke! I start June 1. So incredibly excited!!!
Yea we did! With 40+ hours to go! RT Yay, hit their Kickstarter goal!
Tomorrow night Starlight's Supper Club & Lounge - Open Mic
I'm headed down. Going to pickles for a little bit and then I'll come find ya at some point
Thanks for the RT!
Bumping"pet sounds" in its entirety today
I shoulda stayed downtown longer and took more pics....umma b @ O'hare for like 4 hrs smh
I am chilly! Murphy's law= heater goes out on first really cold day. Ugh!
I can't wait to interview all of the exciting celebs on your red carpet! A fabulous event for a great cause!
just the way you are is playing.
hahaha that's what I thought. Who's out here in southern Missouri poaching the nerds of the Forrest.
U look so pretty :]
No money, No comprende.!
Firehook Bakery has been awarded Modern Baking Magazine's annual leadership award for dedication to quality.
Fact: I use #afewgoodmen lines to teach witnesses how to testify effectively. It works.
I'm so happy interest rates have stayed low this year. Hopefully I'll meet a lot of new clients this summer!
Will be twitting updates from the 2011 #ActionOnFilm International Film Festival all this week. Follow my tweets for updates. Fun Fun Fun...
If ima make it happen, then that's what ima do
cause you make to self believe you have a Dick sometimes. Knowing it ain't one down there
Rae sent to office at daycare for jumping on cot and screaming "no". Future looks bright
thanks matt! glad it fit! :>)
Totally impressed with the well-spoken (and way handsome) on today. why am I just discovering him?
I will research and if those dreams involve homemade jam I wide like to dream with you.
Pat Libby from USD is presenting #nonprofit #SANDAN ^ds
rad! I'm excited that there is a new panel structure for #ALA - ill email ideas & stuff.
Okay ... I'm done. Lol sorry bout that tweeters . Can't let someone disrespect me or assassinated my character.
I know.. :( I really need to make it a point to see you guys more.
yesh!!!! i am going to literally die when they cancel the show!!
JournalSentinel dropped off a TON of free newspapers! Stop by Johnston 117 and pick one up or we'll have to find a huge bird cage to line...
12 yo DD has been after me 2 read Hunger Games. LOVE McCall Smith, though I think Precious Ramotswe outshines Isabel.
PCBS were heeerrreee....with no art work!! We rock.
Preparing for our residency all roadhouse-style tonight with a local legend, we call him, simply, Mr. Sieger.
This has been one fun, crazy, non-stop, enlightening, did I mention crazy, week
good night, i think
Finished one big editing job last night. Starting on a new one today.
Hop on board. We will have a great time.
Now you know where to go for a [real] birthday. RT
AT PIZZA SHUTTLE.BEEN A MIN
Title of yesterday's presentation in class: So Your Kid Wants a Dog: Why You Should Come to Your Public Library.
#peopleiwanttomeet: the whole team, , , , , there are more who seem to have escaped me
dmac asked me why im not doing chorus....
and monkey gland sauce?
is the silhouette facing left or right?
What's the best or worst advice your Mom has given you? Call 799-1099
60% Win, 40% Mac and three iPads in session. I know, iPads are outside the norm.
Finally watching Atlas Shrugged on !
Whoa, I just found a ticket from the first concert I ever went to..
Love.love .
All day I will be Experimenting & Creating New Designs!!! I Cant Wait to show the WORLD <3 <3
Films will be announced and tickets on sale December 23rd at noon!
hope you are referring to Syracuse
No one can survive in this world without help. —Jorah Mormont
Sweet, there is a Chase 2 blocks from my house! Thx for the advice. How are thing in WA? Doing some jet setting as of late?
I woke up less okay with that episode this morning.
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Accept that circumstances beyond your control may make it impossible to do something on your list today.
“: I swear all the weird kids go to my school” You can't prove that.
hey you! You're sitting right next to me...PARRTTYYYYYY!!!!!
Barrett's running AGAIN? Sigh... i would think that would be emotionally exhausting
Well thanks! I think you're pretty cool too! XO
The very same, and she's very lovely, terrifying but lovely :-)
Heavenly Hawaiian won both third place ribbons in the Cream of the Crop cupping competition Sat. Chef's Choice and People's Choice.
The couple next really needs to jump off a bridge.. How annoying...
Hopefully Junior year will be >>>>
IM STARVING
excluding you!
I am of course talking about the #MCC Five Star Gala. I think it actually starts sometime between 6 and 7.
Highlight of the day, that is following me on Twitter. Low point, to learn he also follows meatloafrecipes & catladysavestheday
GoodtimeswithKTLA? #Boulder police: Woman killed Muffin the cat by blowing heroin smoke in its face bit.ly/nIwJFG
do i have a story for you tomorrow....
I really needed that puppy video today.
Maybe if I didn't care so much about you I wouldn't be in this mess..
A day without sunshine is like night.
I just got together with my friend Marty Davich, who scored all of ER. Such a talented writer!
We've been off the map due to working too much. Glad to be back and will be giving big shouts out later this evening.
Happy Mothers Day!!!
Every time I walk out of the financial aid office, I'm either depressed or confused. #Columbia #tuition #VARIABLES!
...& we declare our love for all things Kelly. RT I would like to take this moment to declare my love for all things
#Webslam finale coming up!
Me! RT : Show of hands. Who HASN'T bought at least one #megamillions ticket for tonight's drawing?
Iowa Caucuses. Enjoying some #CNN as the results come in...
Yup. Currently back by the pinball machine.
Tonight, from 6-8, in the West Town district has FREE wine tastings
Instead of wishing you were someone else, be proud of who you are. You never know who was looking at you wishing they were you !!
The web is talking. We are listening.
A professor is like an awful comedian. The crowdwork is terrible, people fall asleep, and all the materials been done before.
Happy Birthday I Hope you have a Amazing day! Love you! ((: Enjoy your special day <33
I miss you!):
Happy National Puppy Day! Send a picture of your pup to & you just might see it featured on our blog! ;-)
this is way more important then that!!!!
Just watched the 7 minute clip of the new NBC show 'Awake'...and as the great lyricist once said...that $%!T cray!
looking forward to meeting you for your visit to UCF later this month. Let's compare notes on research
I CANNOT watch scary movies by myself. I swear I always seem to look behind me more than I look at the t.v. Somebody has to be with me !
Faith: not wanting to know what is true.
Great quote in from Tim O'Shaughnessy "If you're not nervous about 1 or 2 decisions every day, you probably aren't trying hard enough"
swotr release date is Dec 22nd. I pre-ordered of course. I'll bug you when it gets closer to release. Play with you ;)~
Hola! Where you hanging during SX? Would love to say hi! :)
sorry, no recording. It was in front of a small group which is great because it was fairly casual
I meant luck* but look is good too lol
just got back in. excuse me while i severely rape this chipotle.
umm amen, I agree!
When you need to wake up, your bed feels like a fucking cloud.
Now her pussy got the new car smell... Yeah creating a hype ass play list.
Want to stop fiscal corruption? .
i remember when we kissed, i still feel it on my lips
LOL . Wat you mean. But call me on oovooo.
why are you going to bed so early !? it's only 9:16!
People say im weird for doing my own eyebrows... You pay 100 dollars, and I pay 50 cents.. And it yet still looks better than yours.
So had a gin attack...add him to the list of "Over 30 Yr Old Taylor Gang Gin Attacks"
Lord jesus theres a fire
Congrats! Celebration!
If I had a 1$ for every time I was told I look like Kevin Mchale It would call for a new pc. Who or what is your if I had 1$ statement?
Check out kickball.com/orbridgetown for our upcoming Spring season!!
I guess
yeah been checkin some of them out thx
This is actually more comfortable now . . . #whyamigeekingoutaboutmycarrel?
A warm welcome to our new followers. We hope to sing for you soon!
- my close friends are going together and we are all friends:)) Thanks for telling me!
does dad agree? ;)
Thanks, Kelly! If you read it starting from day 1, you'll soon get your bearings RE #dialect for #Actors RT LOVE. your website!
The real actress?
yep. Have been for a few weeks.
ah-ma-zing
"i'm having issues with my land in so. cal. (read mexico)...he was the student who asked the somewhat famous question at the cnn debate..."
Chances that Izturis is this year's Kotsay, in that he far exceeds expectations but is still admonished: 37% and rising.
Thanks for the retweet!! :-)
I want something sweet to eat!
"I feel like it must suck to be everyone else..." - Doll Lawrence
haha i can't deal with horror movies either!
For my new blog, need a banner img of a shark doing something contemplative/intellectual. Who wants to try? MSG me w/ questions/submissions.
Just waiting for you to screw things up.
good to hear. Hope youre back to normal soon. I JUST learned about thundershirts & thought the person was messing with me.
Very excited about this year. Lots of big things for myself, my girl, and my friends.
everyone please follow my bestfriend she follows back and is really cool and funny thanks she'll be happy for once finally
hey! I just followed you..and this is crazy. But here's my number so call me maybe?!?! Hahaha
It is always fun to stand in the checkout line longer than it took to do the shopping.
#FF Company. Neat things happening. via
Final four number 15.
Should have added #really to that last tweet... Proofreading is underrated.
Those are shockingly similar to 's masturbatory fantasies, is all I'm saying.
Weekend plans: Motorhead and Megadeath, followed by Radiohead. Separate gigs, duh. Must see Lemmy b4 he dies and check out Yorke's ponytail.
#DailyRebellion: Support women-made media by attending tonite's screening of the doc film #MissRepresentation! 6 p.m., Music Box Theatre
rock, paper or scissors?
RT A divided church is inevitably an inwardly focused church.
I've had like 4 iPods and 4 iPhones. I see why my mom is hesitant to get me an iPhone 4. *shrugs* I will get it!
Fact: Tulsa has the smallest undergraduate enrollment of all schools that participate in NCAA Bowl Sub-Division football.
Always remember, no matter how many problems you may have. There is always someone who has more.
I'm not sure about the weather today.. but I'm feelin' like wearing a tank top w/ jeans
Anything is possible RT Is it possible that we got so wasted last night we bought a lifetime supply of pudding& forgot about it?
I do all that too! Ha ha :-) no shame what so ever lol
one week and 5 days until a short burst of freedom. still not soon enough in my opinon
We must call and ask for rates... pretty amazing place.
Thanks for the follow! We love, love, love election data!
Take advantage of money saving coupons for allergy and asthma medications! The Online Allergist makes it so simple. Just click...
wins the #SanDiego #Imperial Chapter Project of the Year Award for the Charles David Keeling Apartments! Way to go
"You can cage the singer but not the song."~Harry Belafonte b. 2day 1927
All I do is work
What are you working on? And you know right?
can the uniform be a bikini instead ??!
Sorry Mate Torres
Martin Luther King challenged the American conscience like few others
Ha ha ha ha!!!! :-D West, Maybe you missed your calling. Stand up comedy is an option.
I feel like getting in trouble today...
1985 was so long ago.
Hi! I'd like to join the chat this Wednesday. Wondering if the chat is only for green businesses or can a blogger join in?
The end of the world talk is coming. The mayans wrote the calendar over 500 years ago. They just did not need anymore calendars.
Mini Maven showed it to me!
I hate when I see people #litter !!
and I really want you to dish with so I can know my crazy ridiculous theories are right!!
his last name is ford, so he will attempt and then break down half way. Or catch fire for a recalled part
Good luck to everyone starting summer classes this week.
I've come to realize that if a Facebook profile picture has two people in it,.. It always belongs to the uglier one.
I'm new here hahaha
I just wanna party!!
thanks rob for rt
Can't wait to hear all of #Bikefest tales - I expect multiple texts over the course of your trip.
Aw you're gonna leave me 😞
Don't be sad and depressed! Be happy because you are awesome!
did that in november. incredible stuff. today will be uncomfortable. ask for a valium or something, maybe get some OTC sleep aid
great card last night Oscar. Most energy at a big fight since you were kicking ass!! Haha. Nice work bud
Looking for love? Get a show on VH1
Its that time of year TV fans & time my favorite #TCA coverage by
ikr!!! im scared tht if we do it nothing will happen :((
When i have my headphones on and im listening to music for some reason everyone thinks i can hear them....
In the discussion of e-Reader versus hardcopy, I take the side of preferring not to read Steve Jobs' biography altogether
Gonna shower and get ready to go eat Johnny Rockets with whatshisface ^.^
Why can't it be 4???? I'm so fucking tired! I need a nap
With the intro of VA Mortgages after WW2, the Levitt Bros.were able to sell as many houses as they could build for $8000 each.~D
Today is FIERCE FRIDAY at Smashin Lashes Couture Eye Studio come see Jay for the best lashes & eyebrow arches ( fierce Fri $10 arch)
Amanda Marie I'm going to start checking you “: I need to start wearing chones.”
RT : By holding on to your fears, your only weighing yourself down
Today's special relationship word is POSITIVE
We can debate this all night. I know who isn't MVP though: Steve Blake LOL night
Can I get Jammie Dodgers in KC, or do I have to go to Brits in Lawrence?
Watch the trailer for my new film "Deadline" at www.dawnharvey.com
Did you know that Justin Bieber's first name is actually Cornelius? Yep. Cornelius Bieber. Can't dance your way out of that one, Connie.
I'm 17! Haha most of my friends have one/are looking for one :P
JustUsPunks! Steampunk Jewelry is currently being featured in the September Issue of Curve Magazine! Follow
Dear McD's: thank u for this mocha frappe thingy, the choco syrup is especially decadent
Manning hasn't shown can play/bring to table for me Give Tim a chance like every qaurterback Don't sign Manning cuzof Manning
Why do guys wear shoelaces as belts? I really hope you realize how stupid you look.
Best news I've heard all day. Thanks!
S.T.U.D.Y = Singing, Tweeting, Unlimited Texting, Dreaming, Yawning.
I feel like I'm tweeting in an airwalk filled with 9 year olds
Off work headed to class
this game just needs to end
Justin my hearts a stereo it beats for you so listen close oh oh oh oh oh sing along with my stereo :-) <3 u
Get that nigga Barnes off the court -__-
Can't stop searching....
Hey : Can you please auto-lock any account that tweets "Hi someone is saying horrible things about you..." Far too many hacked accts
don't hate the future clipper. And you gotta love Jim Gray as emcee
The Interactive For Rent sign that's not just a sign...it's a complete rental system for busy landlords.
"Wisdom comes with age - so does foolishness." Mongo Tari-bubu
"A pessimist makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist makes opportunities of his difficulties." -- Harry Truman #MONDAY =)
I almost crashed three times looking at all this azz on twitter, loving it
My little cousin is running around singing, "No shoes, no shirt, and I still get service!" Lmfao. Wow..
Be an part of my list! Go to my account and be a part of it!
So I prolly go out tonight but I dont do da punk scene so who want to hang
cant say i didnt try....7 days left to complete your Red Bull Muisc Academy application. Tuesday will be my last available day to receive ap
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 84k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x1
I saw the movie, Obsessed
We are not what we know but what we are willing to learn. -Mary Catherine Bateson
My goal is to go to
Bin listening to music all morning....*starts singing n dancing*
I am totally secure with my above average size penis....
HOSTESS filing for bankruptcy during obesity epidemic. Something is amiss.
Have you checked out Food for Good Thought? Specialize in gluten free foods, I believe. Bakery in Clintonville, off of High Street
Let Me Massage Yo' Spine.
Great advice - especially the eating your veggies part!
If you tweet about I follow you. No questions asked.
go tu sleep den
Already Married Tweedett
Show yr azn face sometime amigo! We see yr parents more than u haha Its almost yr bday! You're old! :D
Not enough cats. Or swim suits.
Library instruction requests are starting to pile up in earnest. So far: LIT100, SIS140, and COMM 100, 346, 380, & 704. More to come soon!
Welcome this is a Farmhouse,
I done seen some shit tonite .....omg....words cant explain
sent a DM
cooler than ice! lol
it's never going to be how it used to be, isn't it?
i wish i never loved you.
Feels like we're stepping backwards, huh? Doesn't compute.
#hastac2011 Berkeley Folk Music Festival Archive: the digital archive blurs the lines between archives, analysis, publishing, & schol comm.
Bout to watch breaking dawn :)
Welcome to 2011! New year, new opportunities. Make it a great one!
Thanks. I was having trouble picturing the location based on the descriptions and on-the-scene snapshots.
Productive morning, Mom's taxes done, half my desk cleaned, bills paid, eating Boogie Fries and enjoying good tunes via MOG.
Whats up from the Beautiful Ladies of STAMPED-N-DIVAS !!! LEGGO!!
tip of the day courtesy of Gorilla Kevin: FAKE IT TILL YOU MAKE IT!! If you don't believe in your band, who will??
Beta's NitroCream machine was featured in a recent blog post. Read it, then come taste one of our frozen treats!...
i got them moves like jagger...no, really i don't. that song is just stuck in my head tho. thanks PA system at the school!!
thanks! We appreciate the kind words :)
#bringbacklife "hate is a prison, anger is the warden &rage, rage is the guard that takes a piece of you everyday" - best written show on tv
Ma niggga, I'm faded...and I dont give a fucckkk.
Mane oowwee these females crazy bruh like so serious right now...
My pitch from the #2 evening HARO bounced back 3x. Do you have another email address that I can send to?
Everyone favoriting the "Will Work For Porn" link... I see you. I know your game!
Make money, make money, make monaay monaaay. (;
man you know they wouldnt accept us in KY
.. do you expect another "Fan uprising" after the repave of Pocono
Shane threw it away!
Lucky you!
When the trailer is released, we're going to need our fan's help in re-tweeting it!
I'm not nearly as great as you ladies! Maybe I'll do it though ;)
hahaha.(; I just love talking to you.
Taking off bandaids
Karl Rove is on the #Romney bandwagon. He is not objective.
you are so cute :)
why can't i read my DM's or see my mentions:-( And I lost another friend today, SMDH!
what are you doing in Dallas!?
Gold And Silver Daily Review Precious metals prices
Having the never ending fear that I will one day poke a hole in my bellybutton
Im pretty stoked to see you :D. going to be the chillest friday in awhile :D
lookin good Dylan 👍
THINKIN BOUT BEIN CELIBATE FOR AWHILE......
How can you be a D1 basketball player and shoot less than 50% from the foul line?
17-yard touchdown run for the Buffaloes...and they now lead 20-10
.. and thank you #TeamLukeRadio for all your support .. #MuchLove to you ALL over there!!
Who fits this description? A beautiful woman who lacks discretion is like a gold ring in a pig's snout. Proverbs 11:22
stepped off the plane, could see my breath. Glad to be back home!
Straight people have been fucking up marriage for centuries. Maybe it's time we stepped aside.
Congrats to Nashy on surpassing KJ as the assists leader in #Suns history.
Happy Friday! Getting ready to paint gorgeous faces today~
Love Saturdays! Heading out for a run!
Young hearts, Run free. ✌
Today would have been my Dads 66th birthday. I miss you Pop. Wish you were here to guide me through this journey called life...
awe I'm so In love with you too I love you no matter what ❤
I can't wait until the there are so many great women attending and I'm moderating the opening night panel! Should be great!
#CollaborativeLaw - Allows clients to maintain control over their busy schedules.
I have the same problem/addiction, though my case isn't as full-fledged as yours--working on it though ;)
#hustlin. my money is always on you.
have i mentioned before how drummers are in fact the bane of my existance?
well ther having a concert tmrw but ther sold out but i rllly wanna go see them :(
I see nothing wrong with having a square of dark chocolate and a chai latte at 8:30 in the morning.
Had a wonderful, blessed year. The Lord blessed me with my daughter, she came here healthy, despite all of the complications I had. ♥
4 days in to 2012, #resolutions made, #Iowa happened last night, but most importantly, did you sign up with #DNation yet?
aww lol I thought you were being serious. I was already imagining us meeting up for tea and searching for HP stars all day!
we are all digital now!
C'mon Buttholes. You better not lose
": Does it seem like Corey Hart has forgotten how to play baseball? Dude is down to like two tools.".... He is a tool...
okay i honestly want to wake up with a follow from you, BEST FEELING IN THE WORLD IT WOULD BE:)x
Rich people play the money game to win. Poor people play the money game to not lose. ~ T. Harv Eker
The best way out is always through. Robert Frost
Definitely! Sorry to hear that. R the games backed up in ur Apple account? I dont have games on mine so Im not sure how it works
Was jw, we can always use suggestions and it was hard to come up with a hashtag for this one.
We have those.
Just watched Doug Petrie's episode of Pushing Daisies and loved the "Pastry Slayer" line. Does know what he's working on now?
mayweather walked out with bieber? HA GAY
Nothing more awkward than the obligatory "Terry Bradshaw narrates the trophy ceremony" clip.
'im from Dallas,Texas.. and your from Brazil right??
On cup of coffee #2. Not enough coffee in the world right now. Crazy tired but so grateful. :)
Pumped to see Daniel Tosh tonight!!
Congrats to and ! I fly you both often. Look forward to the benefits of the partnership. See u on JB today.
RT : Hear hear! RT : ATTN Houstonians - we have neither snow nor earthquakes. More proof we rock. That is all.
what do you think of the logo? :-)
what is that?
Greatness! RT : My arms smell like whats going on here?
There's just something about you that I love and can't get over even tho u broke my heart</3
#followfriday & the girls behind the Quarter Life Crisis blog. If you're not reading it, you should be! (via Kelly_Mitton)
Author of Washington Monthly article "A Time Against Race" - Justin Vogt on WBOK, 1230 AM
Everybody talking about the solar storm .I feel like writing #anthropology article "Cultural anxiety over solar storm in Western hemisphere"
My professor brought doughnuts. It's like I'm back in 3rd grade. What a sweet angel.
What have I been screaming??? Um..let's see... CHOICE DEFINES WHO YOU ARE!!! Bad choices Penn State guys..YOU MADE THOSE CHOICES!!!!!!
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!! #NYGiants fans gotta retweet my next twitter picture!
#money! RT Floyd Money Mayweather wins a unanimous decision in a fight that tested him like never b4 117-111, 117-111, 118-110.
I hate when people call me ma'am. I know it's intended as a sign of respect but I'm 22 years old. Call me miss.
I love it though ❤❤
We are so glad to hear that Saskatoon!
Nice to virtually meet you. You are welcome to come by anytime and chat.
gayshouse Thanks for following...
GLEE IS ADDICTING. OMG.
gm, hey thanks, thats one of my many fav's too..I have many! have a blesses day..
- Analyze and report issues using standard defect tracking tools
and with that...the last of the grades are in, final goodbyes recorded...and now: Iron Man with The Girl. Mahalo.
Miko how are you?
I'm so badass that i have two different color socks on right now.
the karaoke scene in Lost in Translation. That is all
We're all gonna die someday. Best cancer fighting advice might be to go out and smoke some marijuana.
Wendy's Frosty party with and the crew
Stay away from The Shining, too.
Have a happy holiday tomorrow and safe travels!
RT if you had the best 8 minutes of your life ♥
Bloomfest was a blast. L.A.'s Arts District is buzzing, I feel a pulse in the heart of the city which was left for dead long ago.
Ugg I need some Starbucks today
USA beats Canada in ice hockey,,,what a great game!!!
I'm down for that! Great idea
could be a fire alarm issue. Did you notify one of our staff members on site?
HAPPY BDAY TO YOU! HAPPY BDAY TO YOU! HAPPY BIRTHDAY, DEAR MARIA, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!!! Looking forward to celebrating.
Blah. 4 am wake up time has left me exhausted and feeling sick. I need food and a nap
I never hit I got domed twice
ha! Something like that!
Realization: I haven't spent enough time drunk-listening to Warren Zevon's "The French Inhaler"
That Lil Nappy Ass Hair ' Bugger Nose Little Girl
would rocket ever play private parties?
I'm terrible at it, always having to rewind to get back to the the end of the commercial break.
THATCamp Virginia folks: a logistics email is now on its way to your inbox with schedule and parking info and other useful tidbits
I want to take Laiylah to Disney World.. Maybe that's what I'll do for her birthday this year ☺👍
I think so, & Suze's can be "the more tan version of Wes Moss".
COMMITMENT; Female: A desire to get married and raise a family.
Don’t blame someone too much, like you never made a mistake *Apologize☹
good!I need to tweet more!gotmy1st smart phone,yay!
May you tell me..or do I have to give you a hint
Poised Creation has gone through some growing pains!
Chambolle, Morey & Gevrey on sale! Tomorrow only, 12-5 in Carlton. Stop by, taste and buy :)
WUZUP WIT A FOLLOW!
Working my one weekend of the month. If you gotta come get scripts. Come get them today.
#whoeverimarry has 2 feed me!FOSHO! oh and go skate with me no matter how old we r!
People don't realize how much you do for them until you stop.
You can blame Jason Collins and Greg Steisma for the hawks celts being relegated to nba tv
messaged us that he'd heard of us through and digs our sound. he then politely asked for a retweet of his work
I'm gonna always love that song !! But I need to get off pandora and get dressed tho..
Yeah i liked it better whe it was "Monster of the week" and then 2 total episodes of storyline.
Eww. This girl ordered a vanilla shake when her mom asked her what she wanted to drink. Fatties.
thanks! i'll see if i can find a website for them and check them out this afternoon.
Every story has a beginning, middle, and an end. I'm stuck on chapter one.
I guess its apart of life ...
Exactly. Agreed
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. ~Winston Churchill
Thanks for the words. Appreciate it
no I don't have it. Email me when u have a chance.
Just got screamed at in the drive-thru line at Starbucks... good morning to you too, sir!
"Freeriding ... enables a positive way of life and a healthy community. I am hoping that this is conveyed in the piece..."
Not to mention ;) “: HA! and I JUST TALKED about overnight successes while we were recording :)”
It's Vince Carone at 8PM tonight and The Up and Under has Tarrington taking the stage at 9PM.
Have a heart and please follow PS Please don't follow me. I wouldn't know what to do with you.
Employment and Insurance may represent foundational elements in a Health2.0 strategy relative to consumerism and community
1 mo thang I'm revoking all you fake azz'z , twitter dee twitter dumb ,life just ain't the same for pranksters !
ewww mia , nobody from meredith . lord please , no
shoutout to follow her :))
is fighting the giants of telecommunication! Oy!
Wish you were joining us!
I've never been jealous of a dog before.. .__.
Build a playground in your head.
At the #BlackSwan with and the rest of the world for my mom's surprise party...she was surprised! ;)
Sorry people are still talking trash to you. I'm #BBN all the way through, but I wish you nothing but the best of luck!
#fuck my toaster just scared the shit out of me >.<
Thanx for support! We'll have Pens game on too w/ some good brews including Avery/Russian River "Collaboration not Litigation".
Alright.. Up by 5. Keep it going LA..
yes! Also "ta ta for now."
getting set for a little open mic night at the redondo beach pier tonight
Damn you Derek rose! Bulls win over my spurs :( next time!
My top 2 books as a kid: Where the Wild Things Are and There's A Nightmare In My Closet
whats the matter?
Whew! ...whhaaat a set. Some great acid-trance here n' there, but shit, rocked it at
What a good choice for learning vocabulary! :)
"So how did your date with Alex go?" "Not good. He was driving a 6 series. But he was sporting a 1 series."
Lots of bark, not much bite.
Thanks, That Means A Lot. :D
Bo to no time
Bitch, now suck my dick
thanks for the follow. Great tweets!!
Ugh. Red sox just balked in a run.
yes please! What time are you free?
#Bucks win!
Girl, I have to say I love the cut of your jib! You are hardcore with a set of steel balls!
bro, where you trying to transfer to?
Who else smells a Game 7 in this series? But I'm out ✌
Heading to tonight for my gig with Big D #Livemusic #nocover 7:00pm
Karaoke time beeyotch! ;D
I see rockin the cornrows now. Actually looks pretty good.
o child.
Exactly one week away from our first regular season game!!
It may feel like my world is falling apart but I know this is just bump in the road. I can get through this and I know I'm not alone :)
Comedy just pokes at problems, rarely confronts them squarely
Just discovered we share birth dates, not just birthdays. But we do share a birthday with Clint.
A Student in school that rises above BULLYING goes above and beyond to Not be a By-Stander!
It does have a certain ring to it-think how awesome #txla13 will be when you are totally prepared for brain-melting awesomeness!
"Reasonable"? Check the GREAT Dean Dass show at Second Street Gallery.
Big Sean is going to be the principle of a detroit high school for a day... I just wtf'd and smh'd
RT“: Everyone keeps asking me where Peyton's going. Today I say San Fransisco but that could change 15 minutes from now.”
Get your masks ready for the biggest Mystique Masquerade Ball on Saturday Oct 15TH at SocietyClub Portland.
#WrongSongsToPlayInPrison ANYTHING BLOOD ON THE DANCE FLOOR!! :D xDD
I'm bringing it to you to open duh!!
His fastball has no movement, good hitters sit on it after wading through his dirtball slider.
You can't stop LA, you can only hope to contain them! This playoff run is absolutely amazing, can they be beat?!
I Jus saw a man in a dress & he 9months prego!!!
Remen: When we’re based on fear, human energy becomes stagnant. We circle the wagons. Obama reminds us we are better. We are larger.
Amazing! RT : If I ever got in a fistfight and John Williams was there to score it, I would win.
These Gummy Bears Are Fire ... GOTTA LOVE THE GUMMIES
Check out our new website layout...saaweet! (download free tracks while your there too!)
Pens should trade Crosby, Malkin, and Staal for a 32oz bottle of Red Devil cayenne pepper sauce.
“: #ItSeemsLike I'm more of an option than a priority. You either choose me or lose me.” :') <3
Things are humming along smoothly now, congrats on the launch! /cc
Thanks to for the JK Brewing Oatmeal Stout last night. Tasty despite warnings of "plastic-y" overtones.
Due to the anticipated ice storm, tonight's Design Conversation has been rescheduled to next Tue, Feb 8 at 6:00 at the Windup Space.
goign to host a french exchange student:)
Oh, yay! Congrats!
Fix some tacos, and have plenty of #MARGARITA'S!! Have a grea day! :)
#ThingsIwoulddotoAnnismom Set up her tent when we go camping so she doesn't get eaten by mosquitos.
Thanks! So glad you liked it.
I can't even handle this!!!!
About to workout
10 Twitter Tips: no one likes <3
What! Did you mean SC2? I drop two hours on it at least twice a week. Love it!
for sure man, the weekend before and after April 22nd!!!
i thought it was decided that companies are people ;)
/cont And once verified LISTENing, then troubleshoot the connection from ws connector to the port
damn dats a little too saggy
Do you walk in the annual Komen race for the cure in atlanta. then, walk your fingers over the keyboard and email
is your phone alive yet?
ok ok I'll give you a hint! We are going to make a 50' steel tanker look like a clear water bottle.
so much for coming to see me this afternoon. Thanks man
Leaving for #ala2009 at 5AM tomorrow morning. Wasn't I supposed to have already gotten my badge? Ack!
pretty little liars! <33
OK, so yeah, I totally expected all this ice to melt.
Happy fall y'all.
Tonight we're kicking off a year of volunteering, programs & fundraising for the Bet Tzedek New Leadership Council (BTNLC).
For some people, Friday is just a day before the weekend
Thank you for prayers dear friend, thankful back held up well long drive. Really looking forward to spending day w/ dad.
Got to meet the Author of The Creature from Jekyll Island" and I got it signed!! Awesome experience,
Beautiful photo, beautiful family. Congratulations!!
They all need to be public sheets and if they are using Apps for Edu accounts, things get hairy
Hey, check yer emails :)
In Search Of Sunrise 7 one of my favorite albums!!!!
ridiculous that they took the Anaheim off the Angels name!!!! That's where they play!
Time for some birthday/Cinco de Mayo shenanigans with !
Reed festival opens with a salute to veterans - Marshalltown Times Republican
I'm just to afraid of failure.
The Mavs are a superior team but they play like underdogs; they're surprised to have the lead
Excited to welcome my cousin's son and my "godson" Cameron into the world today! Can't wait to meet him.
RIP Mike Wallace of 60 Minutes at 93.
No, LOL, my son is!!
So, SO excited for my first Points East experience. Expectations are sky high.
Colorado is the place to be for #summer2012 . Just sayin':)
I think I saw it's $3.75 from the airport and has a convention center stop.
And please keep posting to the facebook pages of the military bases near you. It's really working! Text 101861 to PEPSI (73774)
Damn theres some freaks on twitter!
Can we understand peer-to-peer lending as a quest for social justice?
You mad?
Not kidding: I kissed the ground when I landed at CRW. .: either fly jets between CRW & IAD or just don't bother.
How do you do it????? Teach me on here lol
Sorry you were unable to get tickets in a price point you wanted. Give our secondary market Flash Seats a try!
What an awful day. Our cat, Ollie, was hit by a car and broke his pelvis. He's at the vet, and now we've got to decide what to do.
Would I like a pamphlet? Brochure I would!!
Huge thank you to the Dr Hackett team for their continued care of our athletes!
#nonsense yes, Satan
Just 1 more issue they'll have to fight about I suppose. #AGvHT should make for an interesting ConCon this weekend.
To say 4 blocks = victory is ridiculous (The Jet). To say UK will win b/c they are better team is horrible analysis (Chuck Barkley)
im following now =D
Minnesota is not known for anime conventions.
Sunshine makes me happy, but in Poland at this time of year, is far from that!
I'm not jealous, I just do not want to share
RT : thanks for following.. will come check ya'll out when i'm in miami
cheaa i got those
And more John! Dr. John Watson -- doctor, blogger, vet, and Sherlock's live-in PA/doormat. #SherlockPBS ^LG
"Caution. Handle w/care. I'm hot." -McDonald's coffee cups really do speak to me
So many people here from console combat.
c; and when she's on top of me she's kinky ;)
Changed my internet plan with Now it disconnects me every two minutes. Wow! Do I still have to pay for this?..
society to combat it. We can solve! It not this monster that cant b...
no, im sounding like a normal person.
yep... extremely.. Im jumping for joy over here... lol
CEO, started off with co-founder by buying from Bloomingdales & testing idea in 3 trunk shows. Test & iterate!
95 hours, give or take, until toes the starting line at #ragnarcape. Can't decide if I'm more excited or terrified.
Still mad man....smh.
If you push me away, I'm not fucking coming back.
Hahaha, i love your family(:
Happy Birthday to my bro, right hand,MY BESTFRIEND..... Been here since day one, had our ups and downs but at the end of the day he's LOYAL
no outs in the 1st
Usually when people are sad, they don't do anything. They just cry over their condition. But when they get angry, they bring about a change
>Quote: A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. Max Lucado
: IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT meets YOU'VE GOT MAIL.
yaayy! I'm glad you like it! :)
#RAW btwn Punk and Jericho #bestintheworld has to be Punk. He is WAY BETTER on the mic than jericho. And that's the truth.
I Love, That You Love, What I Love !(:
lol you really don't know my life! If I were to tell you some stuff you'd laugh!
I'm gonna have to learn a lot today at work. Idk if my brain can handle it.
Please please please send good vibes/prayers my way. My best friend is in the hospital again :(
In SF Bay Area for 2 weeks. Looking for FT position-Products, IT, Healthcare. Enjoying the CA weather!
What a heart breaker!
Hottest PDX home values? LUXURY! ...looking for your dream home? It's come within reach...www.jenniferbolenpdx.com
You know, just living the dream !
The wise adapt themselves to circumstances as water molds itself to the pitcher. ~Chinese proverb
be sure to remind my wife of that when I show up with it :)
WHY YOU AINT BEEN HELPING ME UPDATE THIS PAGE WITH THE
it's hard not to think of her when covering the issue.
no no, I was just laying there.. You didnt even miss me enough to check :(
It was truly delightful to talk to you, Charlie; I'm so glad you were there! Keep that Cubs' game in mind. :-)
A lot of things brewing over here at BC headquarters...oh, wait. That's my electric kettle. Tea time! Maghreb Mint. Yumm!
Hello KITTY & CHEETA PRINT WHAT REALITY STAR ALWAYS FIND HIS OR HER WAY WEARING THOSE TWO TOGETHER?
I like it when you text me back right away <3
I want to personally thank, Mike Carlin of Country Gold Network for playing my song, No Beer Here! Check it out www.countrygoldnetwork.com
woo!! Big congrats to you, way to go!
I dont know what I'd do if they lost lol
Chips & Salsa with Apples & PeanutButter ?? #WeirdLunch 😜🍎
Eric Bledsoe is on fire
lol love it! Never tried that just Xanax.
: I agree, what happened?
my mom just made me sing it wasnt so bad i guess.
Got the day off from work to go to snow days at the Jake!
Help our management company Sage Hospitality, turn Denver's Union Station into a living landmark, choose the hotel...
Day #8: Aurelia Williams hit a high A at 10 am, so I'm trying to figure out how to sabotage her. Not really. But...
#supermoon in full effect despite clouds. I'm , Spil, Real Jaguar @ Maduro & Neon Indian
RT : “: Red Line: Expect delays to Glenmont due to a disabled train at Van Ness.” Farragut is a nightmare! // Heads up.
Good Morning & Happy May 1st!
#dinosaurprom is awesome!!!!
Love the rain.
I do <33 thats slot per month!
Timothy Bradley is a no-win fight for Pacman. Dangerous, hungry, skilled opponent with zero name recognition.
Disavowal! The author of that piece is "in the humanities" the way Naperville is "in Chicago." Still totes racist, though.
disappointing loss :/
Did you know? Rose champagne pairs with almost everything!
I'm so shocked. Yeah,right. RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Supreme Court Blocks Judges’ Redistricting Plan in Texas Case; Likely to Help GOP
My dream! I can geaux tiger it up as hard as I want.
I am supposed to be in bed, but as you see I am not. Still workin
Who knew Jackson was offering such a great Zumba class? Thank goodness for the gym- I able to clear out some of the cob webs.
Thanks! I don't think my iPhone did it justice. :)
beyond! the best! so proud!
i follow you if you follow <3
I Wish I Had A Dollar For Every DARE & Bob Marley Shirt I Saw Today
#thatawkwardmoment where a guy complains about being single but he could have had you.
RT #guacamole was delicious last night.
this event wouldn't be complete w/o a pic of you with a hat, cowboy boots, and a lasso ;)
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Madison Kerr for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 16U Team
Tom-thx for adding me to your list! Working on a China healthcare reform & impact on Western Rx report now.
Toddler, inhaling chilli on the stove, "My nose is spicy."
Thank you for listening, now lets get the lead with the top of the order next inning!!!
No, but no one else sends me autoshow snapshots of Pam Anderson.
#columbus has got to be the best place to salsa dance in the Midwest! I mean ...look at these great dancers! La Fogata is packed tonight!
Ok I hope my home town is paying attention! If Newt Gingrich, is in New Bern I hope someone is paying attention#WAKEUP!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for the RT. Looking forward to the arrival of my copy.
Thank you subway trains by allowing me to gage my level of creepiness by how long the seat next to me stays vacant
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
Spiders work at nights and weekends more. New Content needs to be up during nights and weekends. says
"reunited and it feels so good"
Highlands lightning alarm sounds more like an invasion alarm.
"Penetrate deep, destroy from within."
I'm not holding my breath for the day when newspapers ask copy editors to report.
So freaking jealous Shawty hate sharing me as a friend but I wouldn't trade our friendship for ANYTHING in this world!
more than 20 hours on the way from Moscow to TX...while the rest of the world enjoyed the w/end. :)
Hey guys, have a killer show!
"Why should you never iron a 4-leaf clover? Youdon't want to press your luck." Keep rockin'! Happy St. Patrick's Day! ;)
I don't paint things. I only paint the difference between things. ~Henri Matisse Good Night!
Its takes more energy to be angry and hold a grudge. Than it is to just be cordial and cautious. I'm going to abide by this forever.
I yelled captain eo and and I left the bar hm might be called alot this weekend
Yeah, how did this happen??
what's your fav thing about San Fran?
i like donating it makes me feel good inside o nd also helping others :D be kind, be curageous :D help others in need o nd stop bullying :D
You should apply!
hell yeah bruh it's a 40 pt lead
There's the Crosby sucks cheer...
Good evening!
I agree she is gorgeous and always looks fab! Very happy to have an "official" princess among #TeamTallGirls ;)
Slaves are humans. That´s a fact. So if you talk about slaves your´re talking about humans. Talk correctly.
If you made it sound as fun & exciting as he did when he described it, I bet you could persuade a few unsavory people to play
UNLV....and i thought they were talkin about that old group...
Sometimes turning the volume off works wonders ;)
Hey Keke Palmer Follow us !!!!!
Tennessee is sounding better everyday :) thinking about
no!. Haha I'm gonna go to my fraternitys formal and stay for a couple days. And then I'll be in Chicago like the next week.
#ireallywant to find my soulmate. Someone who understands me and be patient with me.
Does this mean I have my first investor?!
Might I recommend the "Turkey Tom." RT : Today might be a Jimmy Johns day...
In some ways. I really liked Swoon. This one doesn't have quite the power it did. Lyrically Neck of the Woods is far better though
“All great changes are preceded by chaos.” ~ Deepak Chopra
: I'm going to create a Google Wave to showcase the process of uploading my tunes into Google Music, then share it on Buzz
Watching 'Branded to Kill' for the first time. This movie is kinda insane...and, I kinda love it...
are you still performing march 23rd ?
Dear Boy who sits across me in class, come talk to me. I want you. :)
Just use lots of tape homegirl
OH MY WORD! So fluffy! what a CUTIE! :)
trying to aggressively add followers as part of #SWMadison a 3-day startup event. acct got suspended. can exceptions be made?
Runing running running
No, Facebook, I really have no wish to be "friends" with my estranged grandmother. I've walked away from that nest of nasty drama weasels.
headquarters in Miramar FL, getting ready for a full day professional Devo.
please follow me😍
Also very kind RT: Friends for
<3 your website and had a fab idea! Just emailed you. <3 from the Bay!
": She's a little scared to get close to anyone because everyone that said "I'll always be here for you" ..left." this is me!!
plese reply bella, u mean so much it would mean the world to me dont forget to check your messages thank you LUV YOU :)
I can understand people drunk writing on Facebook at night, but before 12 pm? Damn you get the party started early writing that crazy shit
Happy St. Patrick's Day! #LuckyLeprechaun FREE $5 mall gift card on our facebook page!
We specializes in Marketing Solutions. Crafting your Corporate Identity with Websites, Logos, Flyers, Brochures, Business Cards and much muc
Matt Flynn...and I assume your kidding about T. Jackson?
Juss got My Hair Finally Done ... Driving through this side of town brings back so many memories
Good lord...
Oh GOD just tweeted my homegirl! RT : *giggle* *blush* Nuthin' RT : What up girl?
So freaking sick! I can't even breathe!
Best of luck to you although I would have liked to see you as a Wildcat.
I've made peace with my fear of bees. Sweet.
twitter is way better than facebook
#ManLaw... If a juice you drink changes the color of your TONGUE....STOP drinking it. Colored tongues is just for women.
It came at a fine time. It just would have been better off as full time PC game. Console players couldn't adapt to it.
I'm so happy about the way the acrylic coating turned out. I don't want to use toxic varnishes on my paintings.
I love and miss you so much! <3
Now that The Stranger is gone, Rocky is content to cuddle and whine about The Noisy Sky instead of hiss at the air.
Happy travels to everyone heading back to VA from the AAM conference (including some VAM staff!)
CAN-SPAM Tip 4: match the subject line with the content. Don't bait & switch with a come-on subject then deliver something different
Just tuning into NYY/TB, feels so good! No spoilers #questfor28 etc
we have a show this Friday at the Western Front - wanna be our guest of honor?
no prob n wish i had ya number
Hallleluuuuu! RT : I think Joshua Ledet just caught the holy ghost. Waiting for him to speak in tongues.
what's the hardest part of life on the road?
It's beneficial to them to hire you. It shows they support stimulating the job market!
Shawn michaels the icon!!!!!!
Beginning revisions on my Goldilocks retelling today. Good news: the draft doesn't suck as much as I'd thought! #am writing
Now it's time to sit back and watch karma do it's work.
Word man.. we can get up or you can just email me... RT Cool. Got some new heat for you too RT : May 26
What Are Parents? I Have Only One
thank you for following me :'D <3
Holy update! Instapaper 4 from is beautiful - thank you. I'm madly in love with an iOS app and it feels good.
Fox orders &#39;The Voice&#39;-like show
Yup, sure did. I'll see what I can do. <3
Excellent discussion at CASC 2012 mtg from Dave Lambert of Internet2 about how to encourage innovation on our campuses
now this is the Justin I know. Full of voices and faces and expressions.
still don't know how that happened, but fortunate she is alive ... we have a man on the ground in New Pekin
reverse jinx kid
#Kudos on the video explaining #Pinterest!
Thanks to new followers !,,, ,,,,
Can I get a follow back?
Walker's numbers look stable between and Wonder if they'll stay that way after making up job numbers?
ikr? Cross ur fingers and hope he has a bond
Pete, not specifically about Valverde, but we have reached out to Mr. Turner in the past.
TEXAS INDEPENDENCE DAY PARADE 2010- today 9:30am on Congress Ave. Bridge, hope to see you there!
We'll have live coverage, just stay tuned to our Twitter with #NMDD on 5/19 & check out our FB page!
I'm looking for Christian/Church innovators. Looking for the people who are on the on the fringes of conventional methods. Who are they?
Should I expect something back...?
is my doppelganger.
Slept for a solid 12 hours last night. It was a, well, busy week. And it's not slowing down 'til Christmas! Good thing I love my job.
makes sense
Thanks! The Evil's Gate. Horror short film. :)
Beautiful day in the #ABQ. What's on your schedule this weekend?
The knicks stink,rudy gay got to go ham
Twice bt now i really mean it if i say it now kuz a nigga out of school for the semester
I wish I remembered to get a pickle at work. They smelled so good </3
If you were still at , what would you be doing tonight?
Thanks for the follow! Troy has really enjoyed working with your son!! Please let me know if we can do anything for you!
turkey bacon eww!!
ya water so deep it feel like I cant get out!
Finally turned my senior writing project in!
ohmy god. i wish i lived near minnisota now ): how much are you selling them for?
or wearing a speedo in 55 degree weather.
paid 95 dollars for this weave, plus tax. POW
MTV. Hosted by Rob Dyrdek. Funny stuff. Had a whole section with pogo sticks last night. And an attack llama.
Not seeing much activity from #MHCCIM, they all must be cooped up shooting product! Lol!
Have fun ladies!!!
I need to go to the gym and tan.
Wolfram can also tell you who to love and what to wear.
you are truly living the dream. And by far one of the best at what you do.
lol sounds interesting :p
Off to AC for debauchary with the ladies
thanks, Caroline.
where's my coffee at I live down the road lol
No sir, inserting a usb in your laptop doesn't enable you to print. You must use a public computer to print.
And that, dear friends, is why I don't watch football.
Too early for beer?
only the cool cats, like me..
Mail order brides... Good or bad idea?? The jury is still out.
loved your polyamory video! Been exploring that idea recently and your video is great.
Kaliya speaks on ins and outs of our socially constructed identities--online and off. She's Canadian--papers please!
10,000 is the number commonly given. But I thought the link was pretty interesting.
my whole timeline. Sorry Joshua.
WHY IS THAT PERSONS NAME TOYOTA
Hope everyone has safe travels (if you're traveling) and a great Thanksgiving!
Watching Albert Brooks on Letterman. Gotta read the new book.
Good 4 u...I am so in agreement with LOvin my Gray...lolo
thank u <3 =) yea just keep telling them! maybe they will listen =P
From : 5 rookie position players _ Ackley, Carp, Wells, Robinson, Seager _ hitting .294. Welcome to Seattle, fellas.
Are you missing the good old days? That's nostalgia!
A Voice teacher should be creative person who design a plan to bring your voice to the best possible sound.
ARE YOU HYPOTHYROID OR DO YOU REALLY HAVE HASHIMOTO’S DISEASE? By Dr. Marianne Beck
great and had a fun time at disney world from friday to Friday
Great bike ride at Cedar Creek Park with this morning. Now off to an afternoon at the spa!
we are doing good!! Mom and Dad are on vacation and our Uncle Joe is watching us for the week. How are things going for you?
Thanks for the recommendation Caitlin. Glad to hear you enjoyed the Cottage!
Nobody wanna see us together but it don't matter noo.
RT : Just heard about all the #Mets hitters using Beastie Boys songs for their walk-up music tonight. Very cool gesture.
headphones in!!!!"
What have we learned: communication and transparency is paramount!
lies I am sending you one now :)
L.L Cool J...you are kind of growing on me tonight. You and that crush velvet jacket of yours...
God take my hands and use them for your glory, use me tonight and humble me! HE>i
There's something spectacular about Tron: Legacy Soundtrack while playing World of Warcraft.
Mike Curtis will be attending Duke's Homecoming this weekend, GO DUKE!
Baby you should let me love you, Let me be the one to, give you everything you want and need 😘
OK folks, Jim Nabors isn't going to live 4ever. Eventually, we're going to need a replacement. I guess u could go w his video in perpetuity.
#LennyDykstra called... He said he coulda scored from prison on that one.
3 overtime #NHL playoff games today. GREAT day. RT : Oh playoff hockey, you're the best. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
Night is upon us!! Time to get relaxed and watch the fun!!
when I yell out random stuff like that !*)
I'm pretty sure I've made lasagna at 11pm already... I'm in California, you?
chillin with my sister brittney who wanna chill with her hit her up if u wanna chill with her
So far this day is going great! I've got my adrenaline pumping. :-)
on my way now. Wish you were coming!
FLOOR SEATS!
Tower of Terror shit ride...
RT and friends recommend Yapta.com to save money on plane tickets. (Thanks for tip - we like lots!)
Life is a song. Love is the music
Well its been real miami...headed back to the ville for the summer tho
texting , love this girl <3 c:
In key west there r chickens everywhere, many crossing the roads 4 no apparent reason, go figure
Not often, but every time I do have to fax something it costs me $10!!!
been much in touch..i've been dealing with alot...your gigs and the album trackswe have heard were both AMAZING, WONDERFUL.
#Revenge what a great show ♥
thank you as alwats and you are such a strong, awesome, hardworking lady for crochet and juat in general. I mean that!
FALLOW TAYLOR LAUTNER SO HE CAN REACH 160k!!!! YOU CAN MAKE THIS HAPPEN PEOPLE!! 
Man we had a rough day today on day one but we improvised and got a hell of a shot. Lookin through them now and I'm #KnoDat we gone do it
Fun! How did it go with the heels?
Chad thinks he's a ghost. Oh dear.
i wanna try and be a part of it :)
Fuck !!!! Bible some people should not own pets !!!
goin for the sweep tmrw, good win brewers!
I miss you guys :(
Back in Belltown... the anxiety has subsided.
Interesting: The data removed by the #ODbL #openstreetmap license change = about 3 weeks of normal OSM edits (via ).
When somebody says "10 years ago" I think about the 90's instead of 2002.
"Culture eats strategy for breakfast everyday" - Rick Luce
why is Steve Carrells head the same size as everybody else on the Yahoo movies website? HA!
i love how 5 minute later you post something 50+ people retweet them or favorite them XD
I wish it wasnt so dang slow too. thinking about moving it.
how do I get one?? Or better yet, a signed version!
People can make jokes about fans walking onto the court/field but its not a laughing matter. You never know someone's intentions.
Buca di Beppo leftovers taste better from my microwave than they did in the restaurant. That's just wrong...
What's on your "must attend" list for today at #sxsw?
we hope u find our details 2 be accurate! Something wrong? Flag the HH right there on the app and we'll look into it 4 u!
Great wins by my teams yesterday! Also got some work in this morning, overall a good day so far!
are you playing?
Stock market: CNBC's Fast Money analysts proclaimed agriculture stocks have come too far, too fast and a pullback is likely in POT and MOS.
Only 2 days left until Nat'l Adm. Assistants Day! Show your appreciation with a gift certificate from Culinary Connectors.
I hate directed study.
Thank You :)
As to Time's integrity, it would be better to ask those who still work there if that's been long lost.
: This Saturday 1145 Seymour Swan and company New York's top comics rock nyc 9172747467 or 2126965233. Hosted by latice"
Still laughing at how fun this chicken commercial was I just auditioned for with friend Asa Holley! Hope we book together!!
wtf is that, and can we include it in the pub crawl? //cc:
The person you think has the least amount of influence for your #startup will always bring the biggest lead. Don't discount anybody.
Please please please can I have #Gotye930 tix?
No shy Ronnie on last night's SNL. Very disappointed. Eli was great, though.
Anyone in the Rochester area have any experience with Expert Care lawn/landscape services?
Stay positive. (:
Now THAT is a man with a plan. RT“: Brewers, Easter, and cheese”
Here she go again. I can't deal.
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Service;
Hm my tl seems to be incredibly lacking in #drunk tweets. Can someone go wake up please????
tell me about it but Sunday was the best part of my weekend
Gutsy call on 3-0 green light for Wieters. I like it!
Just had a no-wiper, the 'swish' of poops. This is going to be a great evening.
Please dont stop loving me the Way You do.
6-9 months is what they recommend but I guess it just depends on how it heals.:P Hopefully sooner rather than later lol
They adjusted some of the newer content, fixed a few JA recast times and added a few new items. Good patch overall.
But what the hell do I know?
Honestly, though, I can't fart unless I'm lying on my stomach. I am sans large intestine. So it wasn't really me! ;)
Oh my! I'm called back with 8, 9, & 10 year olds.. 😳
BTW, not dissatisfied with SquareUp; just planning to explore slightly less in fees
I'm suspended
Atlanta Airport. Can't help but think of: zombies, heat, race and class, obesity, smoking, and airplanes.
She got hit in the head with a shot put ball and has a gash and is being rushed to the E.R. please pray<|3
Drawing for Free Solar backpack will be held May 18th @ the Green Detroit Festival..Be there....www.greendetroitfest.com
only that we were awful to the Spanish people! We have few redeeming qualities as Americans. :-/
You can be a freak &&' still be a virgin ! Living proof :)
We are all born ignorant, but some people work real hard to remain stupid.
When you are high as shit and i can barely get what your saying , don't I.M me on fb , Lol
Tonight was amazing, major props!! Especially Dispensary Girl and Two Wheels .. I hate that I didn't get to meet you tho!
#TruthIs I balled today when I got home from track.
Kyla Pratt ... I do not like yu that much but i like how yu act..
awww, thanks. kinda all over the place but tonight should be better
solar flares? Everything's blamed on those.
Way to go Broncos!
RT Can't decide wether I want a blackberry or an iPhone...hhhmmm?? This one is a toughy Android
I don't go around here thinking I'm better than everybody else! So what's your problem?
Can i get your love
If there really is a war on women, that make-up sex is gonna be Awesome!
yup! Details are up the site! Same week we were in Miami last year!
Turns out the Wagners did the baptisms for me.
If he is healthy enough. They're limited at the PG position now, Bibby and Douglas is all you have now.
want to combine class/some flamenco/some jazz/ some world mus. rhythms= learn tech while improving musicianship: flexibility and creativity
christianmingle dot com is the place to go to find them holy freaks. You dont even have to say get on your knees to them...better get on it!
many think lol - lots of love
you failed again.
Thanks for sharing the article! it was a tremendous boost during an ongoing and difficult part of life.
follow back? :D
Thank you for the retweet! Julene
young #palestinian teens forced forced to leave school to work in the settlements fields.
Make some wheat toast, then add chunks of tuna, shredded cheese then microwave and add some pickles. Enjoy with an iced tea and lemon slice.
Looks like we both did the Pac Life building in Santa Ana! Thx 4 following. 2012- let's find some new work!
What would happen if every guy only went after the girls with names in the song freak a leak?
Hear hear!
Cant ever go wrong with some Jack Johnson!!
Ahh. I really like Garrison after showing an offensive side to his game this year. Like Kulikov all around. too.
Didn't study for this a&p test!
Thanks so much for following :)
At GA aquarium enjoying a plate of fish
THERE'S A HUGE MOTHERFUCKING BUG IN MY ROOM WTF
My old levi jeans fit again!  lmao
At working looking at the time these people omg ghetto come on 4:30
I heard that minorities make up 50% of the #USA that's good it's time for change #Obama 2012 #four more years
Had a crisp & lovely morning full of library gossip, playtime, and a sunny walk in the park with a puppy.
SAVE THE DATE: #YearofBoulevard Community Cleanup Sat May 19, 9a-12p. Meet up: Fort Street UMC parking lot 562 Boulevard NE 30308.
"Not now doesn't mean not ever." -Majora Carter.
wow, how pathetic
Good job, brain. API whiteboarded. Let's OmniGraffle it for full effect.
#WhitneyHouston Pandora.....throwback to old school car rides into NYC as a little kid....
I like that she did it her way and didn't try to do what Steven did.
Hey sassy! Thanks for following....
I tasted one of my hard boiled eggs and damn it was yummy. Packed the other four for work. Working a double tomorrow.
LS 1426 would like to take this out to say Happy Mother's Day. Thanks for your strength and knowledge that you have pass on to us.
it's 9 o'clock on a saturday... time for a
they are definitly making newsies my wifes relative is in it and wants to go
- thanks for the mention!
it's not an easy thing to bring up, but thank you for understanding!
Englewood, NJ education is in dire need of help.
Getting to the office in the 5am hour = good. My commute only taking 23minutes = epic. GTD this Wednesday morning.
Just arrived at #ISA2012. Time to build the booth.
recording some stuff on sunday!
Got in a good day's advocacy against #MTR today at the First Parish Church here in Cambridge. Many thanks to . for making it happen!
our assistant astutely pointed out that it's 'Old Songs' not 'Sad Songs' he insisted that I point out my blunder.
“: I know Austin's starting to feel like home because I miss it when I'm gone.” no! Come back to the D!!
i've been waiting all season for your episode on #punkd <3 <3
“: ": Because you are usually right! new avi" great avi” thanks!
what type of ? Lol die hard lakers fan over here
I love you RT : STOP DOING THE WAVE, ASSHOLES.
We just tapped Stillwater Cellar Door!!! Come get some!
thank you! :)
not too worried about it
we're really bad at twitter... But we're in Lexington Thursday with our friends! Come have a beer and kisses
oh yeah i'm single ..
Would you like to contribute some articles on social media?
That, and they also missed what happened later in Argentina and Iceland. Both defaulted, devalued, and returned quickly to growth.
