Congrats to all the #gamechangers - especially our Exec Director, Katie Salen ().
Hello LA
It's tacky to discuss prices 😁 f.y.i.
Love the Bow on the back of red dress!
that awk moment when some black guy in dunkin just comes up to me & kate and says "for two white girls you look good" LMFAOOOOO
WTF HAHA HAVENT BEEN ON TWITTER FOR 7 MONTHS AND I GOT WAY LESS FOLLOWERS! I SEE HOW IT IS! xD I STILL LOVE EVERYONE ON TWITTER!<3
hahaha I feel bad for the people around you right now....
“: RT “: Justin who”Jenkins He grad today for 345... We grad together silly” lol HAA I'LL SCREAM FOR U
New This Week | Seven new jobs and four new online learning opportunities. Find them on the Programming Librarian homepage.
Munich....off to #exacttarget office in the morning....
O, me WANT!!! Someday, when we stop moving around the world...sigh...
Moderate profits fill the handbag. Have a fun day, my followers!
I'm cheap, man.
": Okay, future boyfriend, you can stop playing hide and seek now."
What I thought- "Ah Baltimore County overcrowded schools.. Thanks for giving me so many stories over the years"
“: The Redskins know they LOST salary cap room -- right? #SnyderMoneyTrees” its Ol Danny Boy. he still hasnt figured out football
2 more days until Lawerance and Brooke White!
Yes, as a matter of fact I do come home and take a 3-4 hour nap, EVERYDAY after school. Complain some more, see if I care.
I just want to marry Louis Tomlinson.
The most sweet hearted people are the most mistreated people.
U.S. missionaries in Haiti charged with child kidnapping
I am already a friend of Lauryn's sister, China Anne McClain at
Jordan over Ewing, enough said
looking for all my friends to come out starting next week to knock on doors hold up signs and better our city with me. votehenrybrim.com
dude I love the art!!
more followers please
thank you for following us! Welcome to the team!
Just saw a cyan Lumia 900 in the wild. Holy crap.
Guess who's seeing the Avengers on Thursday?! :D
cool Carlos! Thanks for testing out the tweet. Cool trivia right?
Chick-Fil-A 2 classic Chicken Sandwiches, 1 fry, and a lemondade
Goodnight ☺RT : Goodnight 😄
That's cute! We'll promote your Kickstarter project. Good luck!
Convo touching on lunch counter exhibit at American History Museum & getting an identity given to u at Holocaust Museum.
RT : ABQ all I can say is WOW! What an amazing night! Can't wait to come back!!
Happy birthday to my lil brother 🎂
All you bitches want the DICK(;
RT : Let's agree that the phrase "daredevil sport" is outdated and cheapens the commitment of people involved in action sports.
Thursday at 6. At 1505 east Carson street. 40 bucks a ticket. Email
I totally agree.... I see no sexual chemistry at all!
heard they going for 150 and 250
of all the addictions in my life my addiction to the em-dash has been among the most harmful and hardest to break--you can always add more!
haha, I'll still say it!
Wuzup wit it lil bro need to come visit so we can get double cupped up !! Foolie!!
They sell out every time they are here. People love them.
There's absolutely nothing wrong with skipping J. Cole, Kanye, and Hov for some old school Alan Jackson, sometimes it's just right.
Of course everyone cares.
Actually mine too. I have a Mach 1 Mustang though, '69 in fact wih a 428 SCJ engine....
Things will never be the same. I feel like dying.
pineapple and captains
Florida State Senator Dave Aronberg has been continually updating us about this legislative session and thinks a special session is looming.
I have to finish a essay write a report and learn 2 new choir songs for and audition
follow alreadyy !:D
relaxing eating some breakfest trying too get some fresh ear
P.S. if you get a chance this wk, wanna grab a double-cupped coffee and crank out that laptop sticker for me? Holla @ me Wed/Thurs
the power of pets! I told my mom I had adopted him and she flipped out hahaha. I love him and might not give him back :/.
Thank you so much! “: I voted for you at lunch today!! GOOD LUCK!”
Henry Jenkins - cultural engagement provides a bridge to political engagement, particularly among those who didn't grow up in activist homes
I feel you I got a straight up hangover
Next time I move I will make sure to ask the real estate agent about children next door, that is a deal breaker
LOL...yep, his secretary
Prenatal testing is NEEDED b/c of difficult pregnancies; in detecting birth defects, maintaining health of baby & Mom
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best. -Walt Whitman
A 45-minute vigorous workout can help you get three times the net calories burned compared to the same 45 minutes spent walking.
i love you all soo much
A Like or a RT? Which means more to you?
Women who dont take care of their kids shouldnt be able to celebrate Mothers Day!
make sure you bring cash and get a dozen!
When men strike up conversations with me, they always seem to assume my occupation is "hair stylist".
I'm intrigued, tell me more about The Voice That Makes My Day series.
today's lesson (not unique): organizational culture change is hard. very tricky when not everything can be said out loud.
I have to give all of the credit to CJ Spiller being back in the starting lineup.
thanks for the follow. enjoying your work on the black radio project!
RIP Don Cornelius
Congrats on the 25 lb weight loss! :) How'd you do it? And thanks for following! Have a happy turkey day! ;)
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost
aww thank you sis :) only the beginning
people kill me that only play lotto when it gets really high-i guess the ten million dollar starting jackpot just ain't worth the hassle!
Oh damn
"Midnight in Paris" now stands at $56.4 US, $91.9 foreign, $148.3 global. After 37 weeks it's still playing on 20 screens as of 1/29. OSCAR!
Thanks to Bob for calling in to the show, and for voicing his opinion to his local government, despite a unprofessional reaction!
Smitten like a kitten
Hope everyone is having a great holiday weekend
You Can Tell In The First 5 Minutes Of Meeting Someone Whether Or Not You Will Dread Seeing Them Again.
Rhymewise, suggests "Beryl & Saul Levitz," which would totally work if you were writing an Allan Sherman song.
Heading to the studio ..
Seagulls are starting to swoop at me!
My pleasure Linda (MM)
Lynn Spring Waters, will be opening a new water plant in Lima, CO March 1st to service out customers in the mountain states
Happy to be in warm San Diego for #SEM21!
#Coffee at 3pm is the BEST!
Good ideas! I got a coach purse for my bday, they r great!
civilian and flight suit
where are you from ?
I would love to see that.
So learn how not to go to sleep Lbs
No me gusta.
Just got this DVD I bought from amazon. amzn.to/iCPEH8 Who's gonna watch it with me?
#CoachellaLive Great sunset'''
This Massage chair at planet fitness &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Only 14 more days...but who's counting:)
It was a solemn honor to gather in memory of Nassau Police Officers Michael J. Califano. and name his hometown street in his honor.
2nd State productions still accepting crew resumes -
Wrapped up #queertheory today in #thehumanevent; now, onto Black feminist thought w/ Lorde & Collins
I'm feeling a little under the weather today, but Cory, shop husband, is filling in to save the day!!
I'm still editing photos. 26000 photos my friend...
I'm da man who just dnt give a Fuck
I'm ok. Thanks! What a scary day!
Learning and loving my new Genesis S-310 gas grill. It's a sweet machine.
more like epitome of a #crazyperrson. =P
I'd take that bet on the Bears any day - Bears got this game on lock down - of course I could be wrong but I doubt it lol
well look who's following me...can it really be true. We should celebrate :)
do you like the sweet smell of an old persons clothing?
I feel bad that I don't have enough money to bid on a lunch with you for charity :-(.
can't even begin to tweet what I'm grateful for this 2nd day of the new year because it's a whole lot more then 140 characters! <3
seeing young Brian Billick, Mike Nolan and Rex Ryan as ravens coaches is pretty cool
yup someday im going to write a story about you guys And you have a better relationship life than me cause I miss it
True. And everyone's had issues. Though none of them have been nearly as comical as all the dead air during the launch...
Thank You everyone for following us. Stay tuned for our new website and media!
Best-kept PDX secret: Cartola Coffee House, on NE 7th between Knott & Stanton, which makes the most voluptuous caffe lattes.
haven't been to tavernita yet.. Mercadito I know is legit
First Transformers. Now Battleship The Movie. What's next? Connect Four: A Tale of Sixteen Chips
Philosophy = understanding the assumptions? The water in which we (and others swim)?
Interview tip: Arrive early... but not too early. 10 to 15 minutes is appropriate. 1 hour is not.
Hines Ward retires, Peyton Manning to the Broncos and we're still days away from the draft. It'll be an interesting #NFL season this year!
Haha! Thanks for following both!
I feel like I'm watching drunken three stooges
HAPPY BIRTHDAY IDOL <3
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen my manager tell me I don't have to work later tonight.
WOW - I am asked for my honest opinion, I think an open dialogue is happening, and I'm called mean/nasty/evil #ucanthandlethetruth LOL
Partying at #clubsecret..!!! Tipsy out !!!
I can't wait to hear what you think of what other women think of what other women are wearing.
- Sylvia Woods, reps of Red Rooster, Billy Mitchell from the Apollo, and more 1st class Harlem royalty in the house!
bronson How do I get my laser to work on my airsoft gun? ;P
to everyone who gave up on words with friends....you lame.
M sweet potato pie. :)
I felt the same way today!
#swag to the max!
well there are, be we just left:(but theres alot of great people performing. Oh!And u have to be 18..thats important. XD
me either
Mahalo for your review ! "RT: Discover Hawaii Tours on #Yelp: My friends and I did the tour covering Pearl Harbour..."
Good morning all. Many thanks for following me:
sounds pretty awesome! Are you a full-time musician? What kind of show was that on?
Back from Philly watching NCAA practices for Villanova, UCLA etc. Go Wildcats.
that ain't shit to be telling people lmao. you wore a famous nobody joint?
Goodness it is early! Sorry we have been MIA! Busy this holiday season with parties and gifting and most importantly YOGA!
Afterwards, he tried to make amends by telling me that his wife is a librarian...
Becoming disturbed -_- you know you're sick but you keep coughing all over the place and not cover your mouth ugh
sounds like a plan :) I am still rearranging.. it's great to have the ability to organize so many levels of people :)
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song!?
Don't forget to pick up some Stinky Gringo Margaritas for your game watching pleasure!!!
Thrifty Thursdays $2 off craft cocktail ft small plates! Smitty in the Bar!!
They're trippin over Amy Winehouse.
Everyone needs to follow . It's freakin hilarious
More thoughts on what it takes to be a good Cauldron and/or #SportingKC fan? I have a class project and looking for feedback.
playing fifa09 ps3
#replacebooktitleswithbacon Goodnight Bacon, and Click, Clack, Bacon
Boston peeps!! Newton is in Beantown! Come to the first of our form clinics tomorrow (4/11), 7:30 AM at Marathon Sports' Boylston location!
im good thx... And nothin new really... I mean im not really sure what to say LLN !
just saw the google maps car 👍
I'm working on this! :)
is about to get off work and wrangle my crazy doggie
": I might see dhat lil ugly nigga " y'all hoes took too long
On behalf of #Shakespeare's bday, tryn to comprehend Richard I
go Finn! that's some falsetto!
The best thing about working an overnight shift? Drinking a beer before 8 in the morning, knowing most people are at work right now.
I can barely contain my excitement
Oregon Primary being held today. The State Elections Division has reported that turnout has been 32% Republican and 30% Democrat.
good idea abt moving to an island...LOL I.shudda thought of that..
Still waiting for to translate various gang signs (Marshawn L style)
Great preso on Social & Mobile by Apppssaavyyy yesterday!
Looked outside and was excited my last shoot for the day is out in the sun. Then I stepped out and was cold. At least it looks nice out :)
Oh wow...just hit 1000 followers...now only 19,999,000 to catch Lady Gaga
We're speaking to a woman now who worked with Captain Clayton Osbon, the pilot who lost his mind on a Jet Blue flight...
Seriously though, waking up every day and sitting the beach without a care in the world? I could handle that, EASILY.
We're developing simultaneously. We think a truly effective social app should be cross-platform.
If you support "Say NO to Black History", you should fucking unfollow me right now
Seek the friend who's hand helped you and tell them what they mean to you.
PickUpLine: I'm not a slut I'm popular. Screw me and you can be the Big Man on Campus.
its okay my friends and family dnt understand my obsession for
Indiana with 7 fouls, meaning Wisconsin is now in the bonus. UW up 65-62.
that's cool. I didn't want to go.
Um qoinq to bed !!!!
maybe if you'd close the stall door?!!?
Bring the doubters on, They don't matter at all. <3
rip beastie boys
has it really been 3 yrs since ur last CD? Have I really been deprived THAT long? But ps- totally digging acoustic Not Over You
I like being single, I'm always there for myself
At the right place at the right time...
yep happens everywhere when u least expect it - still sux so sorry
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms, w/out you we'd just be discarded into a tissue or sock.
it took me an hour of watching tron to get to the first sentence i understood.
If I'd known I was going to live this long, I'd have taken better care of myself.
#Freelance Recommendation: = Toggl. Best/easiest tool for tracking time.
Sitting in a strange position for an hour, and feeling like you will die when you try to stand up.
Producing shirts that say "Hook up with me, I'm STD free!". Getting people laid and saving the world from STDs.
really liked the mixcloud session from 4mo back. Great transitions. #tejadaislegend lol I thought you played DnB?
Listening to historical fiction audiobook "Frit Gennem Jylland" by Martin Jensen, as a podcast from Tusind tak DR!
Oh, lol #WHAM that sucks.
Miss Piggy was a double fister Cc:
eating yogurt
Peeps, we are up the elevator to the penthouse bar!
Thanks Great preso from at the Seattle Chamber lunch!
So my mom just made it official I'm going to mexico this summer! <3
R.I.P. Dick Clark. He made staying up on New Year's worth it!
such a great movie!!!
Grrrrr. Bike thieves are THE worst. Bummer :(
best suggestion of the day. RT : RT : French Onion soup..perfect in this weather! Try it w/some..Belgian beers..
Lol Nope I Never Knew Just Knew You By KayKay
Your product doesn't need a slick visual design to succeed, it needs a designer.
i can't wait! I want christmas now! ♥
The day after my due date :) Perfect timing
“: Today's thought: The wisdom of Jesus in me helps me prevail over all my trials & challenges.”
Montel Harris dismissed from football team is HUGE news.
El Diablo Dark Roast- This blend presents a caramelized sweetness with a low acidity. A lasting impression of molasses and malted barley...
I'll be comin out swinging, like tiger woods wife
Check out the new pictures of the absolutely stunning Katie Stephens! Feedback is always appreciated :)
": Wtf is a #twug?" >>>>>>>And i thought this meant a twitter thug lol
kongratulations and good luck!
Startting to get Sleepy .
went to dinner with my uncle and seriously contemplated just eating them for dinner. Next time I won't pretend.
Catch us THIS THURSDAY AT HENNESY's in FANIEUL HALL!!!!!! It's going to be a party.
\ PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW I SENT YU!! TRYING TO WIN A CONTEST THANKSS
Come to reality.
Gotta go to church
you weren't there..?
Today is a new day , no bull shit no drama no people that i cant trust i need people in my life that are positive not negative.
I wonder if big k could c me would he approve I think he will
i barwly no what happened n found it quite amusing
I would really like you in my life, come back!
I lost 20 pounds walking to McDonalds and eating 2 items on the dollar menu! No soda!
Nothing but bad news since I sat down at the computer. I give up.
"what do you get when you go to bed at 7:45?" (oompa loompa voice) "wake up at 1:45am with a weird dream about your brother" doopity do
RT : See you tomorrow at the Milwaukee County Winter Farmers Market!
Veterinary Services? Pet Clinic? Animal Clinic? Not sure... I'm just guessing.
have a nice day guys! :]
Matt Dodge just passed Cliff Lee as the most wanted man in New York
National Grilled Cheese Day ~ But I had mac & cheese!
#RandomFact: The human brain has the capacity to store everything that you experience.
we do! Give us a call!!
Follow for up to date specials & deals. Social media can be such a great resource!
2: Dance in the Dark
keep up the hard work! #SWMadison #family “: Founders are drinking strong bow and debriefing/planning :D whatup!”
Quite a motley crew at octopharma today, as well as a surplus of byx guys
I've looked at WordTwit Pro by BNC, but looking at what options are out there.
Thanks to my friends for kicking my butt and trying to help me look hot.
Was suppose to leave to miami today grrrrrr
heaven, dont think i didnt hear you and molly if thats your dogs name doing some stuff last night
Spent the night w my daughter @ the gym, choppin it up about the Bible, then crackin up on some "GuyCodes"...
Me too! Also because I just love DC...
Love the early spring warmth. Not excited about springing forward in the dark this morning.
RNG & MOS WANTED ARE SAFE. MY EMOTIONS!
Elisha Cook Jr. steals the show in The Killing (1956) as a wimped-out hubby desperate to please his two-timing wife with a big load of cash.
good, just hanging out with my kid. We went hiking yesterday, it was fun but exhausted. What have you been up to?
Lol RT : Any girl who doesn't want a dick inside her has mental problems.
LongAsWeCanLivInHarmony SONG OF THE DAY:WHY CAN'T WE BE FRIENDS By WAR
You won me over a lil bit, twee Indie folk duo. Just a lil bit!
Epic RT: : Almost went completely mental making way too many parts I liked ...so I had to make two different versions...
lol aww have you had to use that before?
hey I was...yeah have nothing to make up lol
Had a GREAT time playing music w/ some of the Bays best this morning life is good!
34 followers needed please help!!!!!
I wish these clubs I don't ever attend would stop posting shit on my page...
DON'T miss a BOOK called 69 OBAMA lie's..
First basketball game today....so exited...watch the F out Aliamanu...fckn Waialua is coming to kick ur fckn asses ! !
I'm really excited to be working with a real ad agency - Acropolis in Orlando. Cheers to that!
my jeans are so ripped that I have to wear leggings underneath to school or I'm showing too much skin.lol
Oh Restoration Hardware, if I could just afford everything I want. Even the outlet store is expensive.
at least with the new background check they make their clients go through all the rapists went to eharmony
Who wants to text me? ;*)
sweet see you then!
Damn they cheating 4 Miami 4real #PacerNation gonna still win this game
#WeAllNeed to get rid of our tattoos!
Thanks! Can't see it where I am. Looks so beautiful!
Anybody know how to get custon snow globes made?
Hey mom. Im ready to go home.
glade i didnt get no fs on my report card happy as hell
RT : . finishes second to China's Wu Peng in the 200m fly at the
Shit like that is why i hate everyone getting a twitter. I cant vent because apperently i'm "talking shit".
yeah I lol'd p hard at that one
Enforcement Element: Law or Contract - "I agree to . . ." according to Smedinghoff
triple six is my number you can get it off my tumblr.
#shoppingday with mom!
I'm in PA and I know right I def wanna come out there
as opposed to Dunkin? Dunkin Donuts is a disgrace to all things donut. Also, worse than littering!?? WHAT???!!!!!
Just surveyed streets that are no parking zones already. Maybe more to come
Can't deal with this rain curlin' up my hair. Grr...
just gave props to sports bloggers for constantly linking to each other and sharing audiences to build relevant traffic
Hey Jostein, amazing meeting you the other day and I'm so glad you liked our film industry analytics idea.
Downton Abbey, Game of Thrones, Mad men.....I love being transported to another time/world....
RT : The only thing you need to give up to get what you want, is your story about why you can't have it.
not surprising. When struck with facts he replies with juvenile and silly retorts.
SCHOOL IS POINTLESS English - We Speak It. History - They're dead get over it. Math- 1+1=2 Beyonce taught us that Spanish - We Have Dora
No! Love working w/ u & know u will go somewhere great. “: I can't say how much this sucks! Sad beyond what I can express.”
You know who put together a great Bob Dylan playlist on ? , that's who.
RT": A big s/o to & for making last nights performance & after party awesome!"THX & UR WELCOME
Good morning friends! How are YOU doing?
I appreciate your beard
I really do not like plumbers. 'Nuff said.
Could not be happier to only have 2 more days of high school left!
Toasting to leap year with Brian Fleury 07 Lauren Bryce Cabernet. Fruit forward!
imma take a shower brb :)))
always a little something extra for loyal
hehehe! I got pretty sunburnt a couple weeks ago and I had sunglasses tan line!
Have a great time! Thanks for using ShowClix.
At girl scout fund raiser helping to fund Camp Foxtail. Great memories of that camp!
Girl rejected me in front of my friends and her's so I just said "HOLD MY DICCCCCCCCCCCCC"
Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
thanks for the tweet :)
Where have u been
RT : Do you REALLY love a particular local business? Take time to write a great review on Yelp/Google/etc & share your story!
Aw thanx! Rite bak atcha! RT : You're Hott! : Compliment someone today...and mean it.
U cant believe the hype that people kick out on twitter
Hey Ellen Call Me! You make dancing FUN!!
Thank you! I can't tell you how much I wished offered a class like this.
I accidentally drew an inappropriate picture to a random girl in "Draw Something" thinking it was you...she ended our game :(
Just listen to a Steely Dan track :)
i had a weird dream last night.. i got an iPhone then my brother stepped on it...didn't even have it for 3 secs...i was pissed.
RT : BREAKING: New video of George Zimmerman from the night of his arrest surfaces. See it on #edshow tonight.
I do not enjoy going to the gym hungry
Congrats to on being named HBU athlete of the week last week.
One of the #rwtastingcrew wants to know: are there any indigenous grapes to Israel? Why or why not?
Lake Union - on Republican. Do I get a free bottle for this?
": Dam I hate it when he do that shit" )"
Craving barbacoa tacos from wish they had delivery
Streaming #NY on my #Android device at #Work .... sorry
Find Allergy Friendly Thanksgiving & Christmas Treats @ PFP! The BEST Selection of Allergy Friendly Holiday items in the Universe!!
I don't want to talk about it -_- I'm sill in pain hahahah
...ever hear a track so sweet, it makes you love life at that very moment?
IndyFRH (IndyFRH) thanks for the follow.
I disagree. Your image should not ALWAYS be above your headline.
your complaining is getting old...
Happy Easter!
A cookie throwdown? I smell possibilities. Call and let's see if we can make it part of our onion eating contest August 9!
Welcome to all my new followers!! Hope everyone had a great #WW!!
If a fellow isn't thankful for what he's got, he isn't likely to be thankful for what he's going to get ~ Frank A. Clark
I like me a pot boiler but dayum
sorry i haven't sent the photos yet - crazy w/ work. as soon as i have a free fifteen minutes i will send!
Has some really great deals this week and all proceeds go to -the sponsor of
hahah! I'm sure you're not thatt bad;) I couldn't hit any of that girl's balls. She was beastt.
If the question is "how is your health," "I am well" (as opposed to "I am not well") is an appropriate response.
There's been some nice shots of the JW Marriott, home of the 41st ACUTA Annual Conference, during the Super Bowl. :)
if I get the DH grad course nxt yr, cd I really do an entire course on bk hist & DH & use images from Folger, etc? hmm....thinking, thinking
huh weird I was going to say the same thing...
that's some weird shit.
That's a high order.
I was tripping earlier, had time to think about it and get some things off my chest appreciate it bro...
I love talking to my followers at random moments #forsomereason :D
my zoooooey?? Ah I misseth you too! I will try to call you soon my punkin
You're welcome. Life is like a box of chocolates, some you like & others not as much :)
“: I don't either what I meant to say was yes” ah I see...well you're uninvited, sorry
,. Gordon thanks for re-tweet
I think you know what time it is...
Hoes only after the bank roll!!!!!!!
I've often thought the #iPad would replace the #MacBookPro, but after one day in a hotel w/o my #Mac, I know #OSX is still better than
Glad to hear that future release of Encore will have more customization options.
*hangs head down* RT : silly Jess, water turns to ice, you can't have both unless you mean "ice water"! ;)
Minister Alain Juppé will be in Washington tomorrow for G8 foreign ministers' meeting. Agenda:
At the Tower ready to see #Gotye- love this venue! I saw Lenny kravitz, Blind Melon, Jesus Jones & Stereo MCs here back in the 90s.
Overheard: Designers think they can code. Developers think they can design."
We fully believe that brunch is the most important meal of the day! From 11 to 3, full brunch and lunch menu, 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosas.
rough is an understatement
chill lil mama, you haven't called back
Congrats you two!
Happy #FF everyone!!
co-sponsors event ? Wine, meat, cheese in moderation = good living, right?
I think I broke my toe. There was tears.
Happy easter to you as well! We're recording new material right now, but will be looking to get back out there soon after.
Need a room while in Vegas? Don't forget about our $20/night poker room rate for just 4 hrs of play! Book now for the WSOP!
I know! Hah I hope you meet him(: when are you seeing him?
Ours too!
Yes, good, more YDS tweeters
#MyPastRelationship Doesn't bother me because I'm not a little bitch.
RT : For everyone that thinks Rondo accidently bumped the ref get a clue
Do these mouth breathers ever stop breeding? Geez!
The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to the power of the 4th.
Griffins Dunks are so Disrespectful smh...ya feelins do not matter,lol
listening to american idol
Going live with the boys, keeping the Iowa Caucus on in the background. Should be a funny night - zenlive.tv
Driver License renewal at 69 W Washington this morning at 8:30 took 5 minutes flat w/ eye exam and new pic. SecOfState FTW!
I love how you hate me so much and I never did a thing. Sometimes, guys are just too stupid. They don't se the girl who are truthful!
Tonight will = #euphoria!
Congratulations and enjoy NY
Another great speaker is CONFIRMED: Federal Highway Administrator, Victor Mendez, will be joining us in March!
oh my god I can flip bad people off in my HEAD, you guys!!
#walker appearances in #WI are showing up on #MKE How can he show his face here. John Doe #Milwaukee Co. ..Ahead are some of his worst days
Yeah, it blows. Makes me sad. Makes me feel old. Makes me hate fucking cancer.
A perfect game with 20k's(#MLB) a 20/20/10/10 quadruple double (#NBA), or a 300 yard rusher(#NFL), which would you rather witness?
Its not even her birthday
Relationships how they go: Strangers. Initial Conversations. Friends. Best friends. Relationship. Never talking to each other again.
We love Waco! Keep Music alive and strong there! Thanks Waco!
going to need a major recharge after this session.
It feels good to have a place in this world night lovelys :)
Harry Potter attraction plan at Universal Studios Is expected to cost 'several hundred million dollars,' create more than 1,000
I've been missing Can't wait for Food Truck Friday to be back!
I'm an interpretive planner for digital - it's a rare content breed ;)
Watching songwriter/artist Priscilla Renea, writer of "California King Bed" belt it out! Wow!!
Who should I write next?
i hate finals week.... all these papers, tests and projects.... i swear they are tryna kill us.
Thanks to our sponsors
Readin my signed copy of book. No wonder u climb things so effortlessly. Me, grade school gym/rope nitemares.
Another #cloudy day! :(
So in , if I want to play support more than damage, would I go Mesmer, Necro, or Elementalist?
Stay tuned for new mixtapes 1st quarter of 2012 from and
There's 2 aggregators, the open one you linked which is distrib search and IIPC specific one where we have the URL/time indexes
Bill Gibbons claims lack of resources to "babysit" plaza immediately prior to sending hundreds of officers/2 buses to evict
About to hit up the gym...
Stop by our friends at Upper 90 Sports pub tonight before or after the game for great food or a quick drink
What's ur name!?!?
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. - George Bernard Shaw
The smell of hot pizza from is wafting to my desk. Apparently they're celebrating some Murrow awards. Nice!
Will definitely let you know :)
If you drink #wine and wake up feeling like you have a cold it could be the sulphur dioxide
OMG. Why didn't anyone tell me that Lil Wayne is engaged.WTF
Whooohoooo!!  “: Catheter domination. What up. #nursingschoolcansuckit”
I got the sweetest DM's.
Good & intense game
interesting article today comparing today's America to the end of the Ottoman Empire - "knowledge economy" = fail
SEO Richard - twitter.com/expert
wow that looks nuts. Is it a new stop on the tour/is the mountain accessible for anything outdoorsy and fun?
small victories=finding a box full of lightbulbs the same day all your lights burn out
Learn To Dance Salsa 8pm at Club Irie! Stop in Early & Purchase Your Ticket For "Mambo De Leon" Concert Saturday For Only $10!
just networking lol
I had no idea he was there until you mentioned it! I didn't get to talk to him at all yesterday. Good to know!
If you're over 60, u should have 2 take a drivers test every 3yrs. I'm sorry, I know it sucks.. but BABY BOOMERS is taking on a new meaning.
"Keep calm, move on"
Nutella and waffles 👍❤
I drank coffee tonight. My skin will not be amused in the morning.
8 hours of interviewing for jobs. I'm pooped!
Thank you for following us!
Game 7....again. At least I'll be on a beach in Florida on Saturday....it might help calm my raging heart beat.
Her smile was a persuasive lie
DS: to all #Ravens players, thanks for a great year. Keep your heads up. Tough ending, but we'll be back next year. #RavensNation!
Did you know that 40% or more of a home's heating and cooling energy escapes through the windows?
Great to hear Jamey, glad you can make it!
Great time to be an LA sports fan- Kings, Clippers and Lakers FTW!
If you find out, let me know !
hit me up 7862036624
I'll trade you DS playoff XII's size 9 for them
it's both. You and Russ do the same shit and I would do, and I miss that.
That was a funny assortment of conversations!!!
Days are going by so fast the beginning is the end
I know. I must adjourn to the walkage, or face further eye-scolding wraths.
i aint saying you a gold digger ~
i just made chicken fried steak successfully... SUCCESSFULLY!
i been good living the vegas life im nocturnal now up all night sleep all day
you better be playing Craps (and winning)
Well of course she's gonna change her name a little when she's online.
Yepper about to go back LA Again!!!
I have a new found respect for people that do yoga, that was bullshit.
#Text CHAMPS2 to 90210 for nationwide high school #athletes #marketing & #placement services information. #Mobile #media rocks!
Accomplishing the impossible means only the boss will add it to your regular duties. Doug Larson
Was I the only one who had Mcgraw-Hill textbooks in High School and found it very ironic?
extra happy ass lol
"Midnight in Paris" now at $44.9, having done $1.9 this weekend. It's a top 10 film currently being shown on 621 screens.
I refer to GPS being used by law enforcement for the purpose of public safety.
Ok lost my phone and just got the replacement today..if u have my number text me or dm me! Sorry
keep the tebowing coming
poolside with a stack of pain au chocolat from to keep us company.
ESPN breaks down Yankees opening Day, their rebound after an 0-3 start and The Mets at 10:30 tonight on Sports Net NY
have fun Rob!
Thanks for the #followfriday recommendation. I have you on my veterans list. Airborne All the Way!
.... Ah .. city residents "co-creating" solutions, engaging and inspiring each other to collective outcomes .. correct?
The #Dolphins are playing with heart! Very good to see. Matt Moore doesn't want them to draft
Whilst sitting in a meeting a fellow meeting dweller referred to an "email" as an memo. To this I say pass the typewriter.
At least they're not taking any chances.
Well now that you had your coffee its time to make me laugh!
Can't even wait for the new season of housewives of OC to start tmw!!!!
is it tomorrow?
bitch I will cut you. #BonQuiQui style!
Girls night tonight!
mhmm , im not kidding . she's going to be 19 (:
Yes! I will! I'll do it tonight after work.
Trip to Washington D.C. and New York City Next Week.
I have to keep it a secret :(
you know she can get it whenever. cus its whatever! LOL
#3 - Experienced true-believer organizes grassroots campaign in AZ to recall bigot Russell Pearce & -
#Charleswoodson is an ass!!
We have the rooms for that!
such sharp advice. And maybe even more so today.
Love that one too!
Playing $2700 main event tomorrow. Got a good dinner, going to rest up. Prepared and feeling good for a live tournament tmrw.
Congrats to everyone who ran in the Pittsburgh Marathon! Personally I wouldn't run if my hair were on fire so I think you're all amazing!
Parent Teacher conferences today. Great turn out...Lots to talk about.
haha I love social issues except that boy that sits next to me and the one in front of Jared lol
I'm pretty frickin' awesome, but the best part is: so are ALL of YOU!
you don't need to thank us. We need to be thanking you for being such and inspiration in our lives<3
A woman just saw my DAM badge + offered to pick up threads from the gallery floors if she could see #YSLDenver early.
Thank you for the following!
Dying my hair tomorrow and then orland with adam. I need to get out of this house more often
okay :D
"All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Shows got a lot of potential... “: "I've been hunting hogs since Moby Dick was a sardine" #americanhoggers”
erica y does ur make up look like tht ,,,like ur cheeks r black...ctfu
: Choose life!
Chicharito's career is like Mexican women, they're only hot for a year or two max.
Texas has run it 10 times (for 6 yds) and thrown it 16 times for 95 yds. Teams that have thrown it more than 30 times vs Cal are 1-5.
Choosing to live because Warped Tour.
#sunbathing and #KOL you say?! I brought you up right. 😉
news that you're going to start requiring authentication through cable providers is just you caving to conformity and incumbents.
finalizing our April At Home Issue! emerging designers, high-design getaways, latest food news, fab fashion spreads. can't wait! www.944.com
#writingadvice I've been told to torture my characters. It's a challenge for me because I get to like them. but that doesn't stop me. :)
Say word—I re-ran last Sunday _and_ 31 May 2011 Believers' Meeting earlier today. I feel like fresh sunshine.
follow back?
Whea my momma at doe -__-
Hi Shannon, Are You Available to talk sometime today?
didn't know your body was so cold
Last post on firemartz.com is from 2007. Think it could use an update today.
While you wake up today, someone is breathing their last breath. Thank God for another day. Don't waste it.
RT if you're having Mexican for dinner tonight!
It was awesome! where u excited when u heard tom?
This is amazing! Totally using this in class next week when we discuss the expense of overland trade.
Good you finally know what it feels like.
This morning, my 4 y/o god daughter added "I gather" onto the end of a sentence.
PLEAZE checkout my bros music video..supra-My dreams Are our Dreams..We're twin rappers..pleaze check it out!!
"We are programed for compassion, for heroism, for love." (From the TV show 'Touch')
Ratcheting up a 50 cal. to blow them away. Avert your eyes to the massacre.
Jane by Design was good
Juggling lots of balls in the air.
Love what Posted aboutme on instagram
I had a hard time getting excited about Libya until I found out they had a Square.
See you this afternoon; I'm looking forward to it!
By no means does bankruptcy mean broke!! It means u need to reorganize ur debt, but sometimes to even be in that situation means tht ur the
lmfao went to blow on the fried oreo & the powder flew all over me, i look like i dipped my face in cocaine!
check out ways in which can be beneficial to members of your group
I want to say no, but we will find out later today during Art & Anarchy
during lunch?
I am a bad person because people mean nothing to me. I have no attachments to anyone therefore I do not care for anyone.
Friendship is a 2-way street, you have to be there for the ones that have been there for you if you want to keep them around.
Really lookin' forward to Open House on 4/19 at 6 pm! Hear there's gonna be a Hop Bomb Red Ale released...
I hear you. I'll see if we can get something up pronto. #whiskeyjar menu in
I like your attitude, real talk I like how you think!
hey:)! Long time no talk troy whatsupp?!
They won
I would dominate that
CHECK OUT THE MOVIE SITE WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM & PREORDER YOUR COPY TODAY!!! NEED 1 MILLION SALES! UNIVERSAL STUDIOS IS DOING PART 2 !!!
If you have any events coming up let us know!
did that happen at chops 3? What?
Thanks, Adam. Trying to get this for 6, but may have to wait until 10.
Those that say you can't take it with you never saw a car packed for a vacation trip. ~Author Unknown
Feel like I got hit by a car. Unfortunately I know how that feels. :)
yes, you should. Get to it bc I'm busy on Twitter. RT it's noon, i should probably begin doing some work now
Remember to smile because, you never know who could be falling for it.
Wow the girl is lesbian. Big whoop! She's still the same person, people saying they're childhood is ruined.. STFU u make no sense
Detox your Saturday night hangovers tomorrow in my 10am yoga class :)
missed you this weekend! Couldn't find you.
Husband says #earthquake was 3.3. Felt bigger. Epicenter must've been close.
20 days to The Justice Ball: www.thejusticeball.org....DJ AM headlines
"There's a surprise in every box. Spoiler Alert: it's diabetes." I'm lovin' it,
This is the best thing in the world...
#lebron has good reason not to do the #dunk contest... every time he does a windmill, it blows his hairline a lil farther back
I might as well jump on the bandwagon. Herman Cain sexually harassed me too.
Who is hacking my twitter....
agreed! Why do I have to ask for water "without lemon" now to be sure?
My poor South Carolina brain doesn't understand cool weather this early.
Joy Division is such a great go-to band for design, up there with #Skinnypuppy etc
Is your Christmas shopping finished? Mine is, time to relax, oh wait! Still have to wrap em (Sighs)
For sure! No problem and thanks again. Looking forward to the next one!
or as they say, don't be sad it's over, be glad it happened at all.
thank you :)
I have no idea what you are talking about?
much appreciated :>)
Anything you can do I CAN DO BETTER! -Irene arguing with the Kardashians about who gets wetter, blows harder, and fucks the most people
I cried b/c i had a stroke that affected the same side of my body when i was 31. took me back.
Two words. #ginger #kombucha Drink for life!!!!
Revising on wine might be a strategy that makes the problem more visible and therefore solvable in the morning.
Headed to Jackie's Packie on Rte 34. Anybody need a Mickey's?
WE'RE HAVING 13 CHILDREN
Upsets all-around the Bluegrass tonight... ER over S. Valley... M'boro over Letcher Central...
Don't hurt yourself, baby. Go ahead and let it out!
Hi David,Go see the movie "Bully" it's also a movement.
Haha Asian car siguro bay. Well most people here used car man for 1st haha
Tired, man...so tired. And sporadic, apparently.
Would I be too obvious with An empire state of mind?
I agree. I also think that not living in IN hurt. And I think sliding too far left hurt him as well.
I'd go with "continuous disintegration".
Just kidding. I don't care about basketball. :)
check your email lion!Bless!
The course of true love never did run smooth.
Mal with pj and deanna =)))
That Relationships where you can mess around, play fight, and tease each other(: >
Social media is about creating a more personal relationship with your customers to build a network about your product.
lol, yeah..I'm fine, still breathing!
#FF People I enjoy debating with
Rocked my #jason wu dress on our engagement piks shoot :)
the news just told me Marilyn is getting the fuck out of here on Monday.
when is MBAV coming back on
mi dog hurt her leg:/ now she limpin.. still a G doe
Pretty great, right? Well beyond the usual "people just like sitcoms now" accounts in the trades.
keep it real!
I wish I had the power to draw whole Costco pizzas closer to me.
Spam bots have a special way of cheering me up. I of course want to be a better lover.
Need some iPad help. Cleared everything under Settings--Safari (w/ all windows closed), but suggestions still pop up in location bar.
Thanks for the retweet. Where do you practice ?
Horror In Edo: Oshiomole's Aide Shot Dead! - The Streetjournal
me :) RocRoyalFan add me
Just registered my script with the Writers Guild!
u found her? lol
Love that Sandy Roberts goes global for two days every year! #ausopen MC
It concerns me that people say they love there? Why wait until there gone to show ur love?
When Does our Shoe For Nike SB Come Out? :3
Turns out that the air harp is probably the most awkward instrument to rock out with....
Bundling custom tees & CDs for artists everyday. It just makes "cents", more dollars in the kitty at the end of the gig. Trust us, it works.
Love! RT : A mentor is someone who allows you to see the hope inside yourself. Oprah Winfrey
I need to stop procrastinating...
Less than a week for the
who's bday ? yours or his ?
hey Vic it was good seeing u yesterday <3 I missed u hope u get time to relax
Whats up with all songs sounding similar?
Love is everywhere if you open your eyes and SEE. My heart is full.
Ah, don't censor yourself. Be you. Phooey on anyone who doesn't get it....
At for the "Flowers and Sound" Opening Reception Program.
What will become of the SkyMall catalogue when there are actually malls in the sky?
check out They've got a ton of ideas for you.
The widespread use of hard drugs by the elite class is actually scary to me.
#idol - Hollie was fantastic, great start to the show tonight
“: Congrats to Dr !” Agreed!!
GM Tweeps! Interested in our full lace wigs, weft/bulk hair? Email us for a free consultation at OR call 855-DRWIGGY.
#aaa2010 Welcome Reception tonight followed by the Business Meeting Come out to support the resolution on Howard's Anthropology Dept.
Shimmy shimmy yo shimmy yam shimmy yay.
eat hearty men, because tonight we dine in hell!!! Aka qdoba in bripple. You coming
haha girl which video?!?!
•...has no risk, because the value has never collapsed and never will collapse.
M Kyle's loaded baked potato soup is AMAZING!!!
#WeWereCoolUntil all the dudes in school had felt yo breath on they body
Well...we hope it's not true! ;)
Contact today to start your marketing campaign! Email blasts, Social media & Ground marketing & more! DM me now!
Also, still looking for those $25 donations. Help us reach our 25 donors per week goal!
APNewsBreak: Rev. Billy Graham, at 93, urges #NorthCarolina voters to support amendment to state constitution banning
Today 3pm #Detroit City Council will #vote on 4 proposed #CouncilDistrictsMaps. D3's map not expected to be included due to legal opinion.
A coincidence? I think not. Yes, new cup, good coffee. I'd take your rain and music, but other than that I too feel, yes, HAPPY!
i hate whn ppl say dey gonna do sumthin and whn its time for them to do it they dont even pic up da phone...mood:
RT : President , stop deporting #DREAMAct eligible youth today!
Your Son Is Amazing.! I'm Very Proud Of Him!(: Can I Get A Follow Back PLease.? Also You Should All Come Up To Columbus Soon♥♥
Can one of my friends wake up and talk to me, I'm bored.
Real n*ggas f*ck with me and I don't give a f*ck who don't
i know right ! haha that tweet took me like 10 minutes...
Watching lebron make history
Sure! It's Revlon Lip Butter in Red Velvet. I'm obsessed with them.
Enjoying light lunch (gourmet pizza) at what promises to be a great #cni12s!
Pats up 3 with under 2 minutes to go..
Odd hearing people on the train discussing the "Paterno-Sandusky scandal." I'm happy to have missed all the gossip in London this fall.
Oh how I missed your online presence. Welcome back. :-)
That's what I get for reading his tweets. Now Iam in a jealous fit. Literally in contortions.
Ft. Myers! 🌴☀Visiting family here - earlier this week we were in Bocca Raton area :) heading bk to #clt tomorrow!
new followers!!! thanks everyone
Awesome! “: ZBB was great this weekend. I am also a fan now. He was great!”
Naps on the train are the best 😣🚉
Gotta be around more like me to feel accepted, cause life in the Midwest no longer is worth my investments.
Black History Month is a small but necessary tool dedicated to recognizing the struggles of black men and women.
Me myself & I is all I got in the end that's what I found out & it ain't no need to cry I took a vow that now on imma be my own
Traveling Greyhound. It's so chic.
RT : Thanks to for broadcasting tonight's performance. Thank you all for joining us. What a night! Time to win equality!
RT : I didn't make it to the gym today. That makes it 6 years in a row.
Hindustani Proverb~ Eating while seated makes one of large size eating while standing makes one strong.
I need to start eating with again. My swipe count is looking a little low.
Newmatic tomorrow night @ The Blue Martini Tampa, FL...then boarding the Rock Boat IV on Thursday.
. Acts like Madonna but listens to Merle
Oranges are like candy you don't feel bad about eating.
I would like to have my e-mail back..asap... and a new pass-word....
": Or know any ladies who fit that criterion, I got a dude for you to meet" hit up she might be interested
any Max B
"I don’t think I can call myself a 'radical', I think I’d rather call myself as 'change agent.'" via
Love is a strong word.
Really enjoying the Daily News!
heck to the no! lol
Ha the dudes eyes got soo big
what we have here is a aimple miscommunication lol.. N whats in June?
Really, guys? Fake rain for this movie? In Portland?
Just in case you haven't been online recently the #oscars are tomorrow! Who do you want to win?
agreed, We should plan something for this Friday.
House cleaning is necessary when you plan on inviting guest. Chás This...
I seriously think now is a good time to get a moped.
that's a GREAT reason :) thanks!
THE CHICAGO BULLS ARE THE BEST TEAM IN THE NBA. PERIOD.
Yes! I include a list of #finaid and higher ed acronyms in day 1 handouts.
Office Depot recalling 319,000 office chairs
I like their flautas! RT : no worries... During the week they have a killer happy hour!
Pierce will miss one.
just left mi masa C: had funn
Lebron tryna b like julius irving
Pay it forward
Just saw John Carter and I loved it! Just my kind of movie :) hope they make more!
If I'm weird around you, I'm comfortable with you.
I have no recollection of being read to by my parents after I learned to read. I was 3.
Guy just flirted w/ me by asking 4 a bite of my candy bar. I flashed my ring & he shook his head & asked why all the redheads are taken. :-)
Could be, but both he and the organization insist he's fine. I agree it's hard to believe.
Great night!! See you next weekend! RT : tonight with !
Wiz khalifa concert DID ONE THING !
welcome to California... everybody owes... always...
Still waiting for the Stimulus Package. Where oh where could it be....
Crazy game
George Hill not playing tonight. Sprained thumb.
ugh I love the movie Center Stage
my mob calendar is free from 11:30 to 1
When I think of Luke Kuechly I think of next Urlacher then Mike Mammula creeps in my head.
it ain't the same as the ding A ling
ya.. And apparently if your wife is pregnant she is still a mom, I called bs on that and she won.
Non-profits too often live the single life. They need to seriously date each other & sometimes get married.
I just wanna talk to Robby. I just wanna talk to my best friend.
Me: "Color in." Random dude: "C'mon, stay at the table man! We need your karma!" Me: "And I need to be around better players. Color in!"
I'm so angry right now hurr hurrrr adflkhsdlcnslcksf.
My go-to date outfit!
#FF thanks and welcomes aboard new follows and Move your way!
Oregon Ducks vs. Washington Saturday, Nov 6th @ 12:30pm PT, Eugene, OR TV: ABC | Internet: ESPN3 Tickets: SOLD OUT | Autzen Stadium Info
Got 40 racks stuffed down in my denim I
Bout to walk into this meeting & problematize both the middle and high chool science curricula for DCPS and CCSS. Gently though.
I Hate Bein Far From My Moms
Work then taking my baby girl out to have fun, I wanna take her to the beach :)
Pacers beat the heat... Wow
Getting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Alicia Tamales from will be providing food at Taco USA book reading event. April 13, Brava Theater, 7pm.
800 followers, yes me.
I swear my brother gf sounds like my mom from far away
I beat you in the push-up competition, I beat you in the beer di competition. What else is left?
nope. I don't believe we've been introduced
“I don't know what's more tragic, knowing how to read and choosing not to, or not knowing how to read and refusing to learn.” ― P. Goldbach
#iphone / #ATT network is down. Awesome!
Neighbors moving out all around me. Where y'all going? We just signed another one! The party is just starting.
grocery shopping in #DC can be very tough. I've taken a rolling suitcase before... Zip cars or a friend's ride are helpful too!
Me, too! RT : Does tweeting your book every 60 seconds REALLY sell books? OP is curious.
Difficult things take a long time, impossible things a little longer.
RT : Are you ready for Beyonce?
HAPPENING RIGHT NOW: SLIS Summer/Fall Course Preview (+PIZZA) Noon-1:30 in the Commons
HAHA. alright then.
yo don't gas Chris like that lol
Your always sick. lol
Sales up, spending down
Gettin' ready for prom #2k12 We in here .
": BOW! 700 followers! Big S/O to everyone of y'all! Thanks for the support!" Hell yeah man!
Kobe dat nigga that's all I gotta say
#3WordsOfAdvice: #Start, #Market,
‎5. A sports team needs good players to be good; but good sports players will not play on a team unless it is good.. Catch 22 Blog
Thank you! RT: I Am becoming a HUGE fan of Jacket2 #Poetry (via )
wait my feed is from england. this is weird.
**Newest Update** Clark County (Las Vegas) with 18% reporting Sharron Angle 44.7% X Harry Reid 50.7%.
MARY LOU
Tomorrow is national blonde day!
Huh? First thing is you don't make the budget hole worse by handing out hundreds of millions in corporate tax cuts
Please pray for me about finishing the house :-) T/Y
Thank goodness hubby has day off and saw it, and I'm just doing a 1/2 day. Shots this afternoon though :(
Funny that my local supermarket was completely out of Doritos today. Hm......
It's alright. No one seems to have any idea on what they bug is.
I hate people who cop general release nike sb dunks then all of a sudden their self proclaimed sneakerheads.
I have a Clif bar and an iPod full of mars Volta songs. Hopefully that'll get the job done.
Goodnight all...time for some sweet dreams
it really doesn't matter so long as it fits properly and is firm. V has foam.
Giving up and going home. What a waste of time that was!
I know how it goes. I'm trying to plan a few days back in mke too hopefully in the next few weeks
Mind in place, heart in another..
I shaved my playoff beard and take full responsibility for the loss. My bad philly
Ppl need 2 stop watching
7-5 Cubs now. So pitching goes to shit when offense gets 5 runs, and hitting goes to shit when the Brewers only give up 2?
And I wonder if Petrino maintained his tradition and gave Jessica Dorrell a personalized T-shirt the night before dumping her.
I get from twitter a group of like minded professional educators with open sharing and collaborative philosophy!
Wishing all of our fabulous friends blessings and warm wishes throughout this Holiday season!
but I've got to find it. Because teeth ain't no joke. They impact your health a lot. Worth saving if you can.
You're a hit yourself RT In the stu makin hits
6 ways to help you go from proactive to reactive during a #PR crisis. #JMS481 bit.ly/twWoo9
#ItMakesMeSmileWhen I see my friends and family doing well
Going to the Underground Railroad Freedom Center in Cincinnati tomorrow...doing research for the sequel!
One of my most refined skills is yawning during a meeting without opening my mouth.
Can anyone Tell Me Where Is Moving ?'
I hate it here but who would I be to waste a good stamp
So excited about #personofinterest - John going it solo! #yikes !
Just went on a run. Feel good. Yeah (:
Is big data just a fad, or something much more profound?
A giant egg....wondering abouto ventilation in there?
#NP Zapp and Roger - I Wanna Be Your Man
The throw home and WYNEGAR DROPS IT! Simmons SCORES on multiple Twins errors! It's 4-1 and the Brewers still are without a hit!
Soul Journeys - Soul Journeys uses guided imagery and body sensing allowing you to communicate with your intuitive mind. You will be in...
email is such a problem for me too! Let us know if you develop a good strategy.
yeah, that's why you were staring, for a half hour before you told me.
It is hard to type while wearing gloves.
Perhaps it was the fumes from the silly string, but class was really great today. :)
All my best advice comes from The Sound of Music ;)
Pizza and a soda with Lisa Giglio at gibbys pub
Pick up your yellow coupon books at participating stores, and get in on all the savings! Up to 50% off!
I know it too shid
Just heard that Vaginas are "Rated E" for Everyone! Guess that's the green light? Ready, Set, Go!
"Give me ur unconditional love, the kinda love I deserve, the kind I want to return" -Donna Summer-
Finally getting some rest! Feels soo good! Now putting all electronics away were I can't see them
I've been following Rob since the whole "water into wine"thing.
Ah need a new computer so badly!!!
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset When I'm taken as a joke.
Sorry I'm late to school... I was constipated this morning and well... you know... it wasn't coming out.
Thank you Pallas! Anytime you're in #downtownsac please stop by our place!
Am i the only one that listens to under the mistletoe whenever or?
You may be interested in a Guitar Playing Contest @ HardRock Cafe Saturdays 12pm www.AxeOffUSA.com
Phoenix MDA goal is $1.4 Million - help us get there with your pledge today! 602-277-3003.
Thunderbird Harley-Davidson in Albuquerque is hosting The Miss Rock the Ink contestant search on Saturday February 19th from 12 to 3.
#NP World So Cold Three Days Grace
Good luck!
Anyone Surprised? RT:California parole board denies mass murderer Charles Manson's bid for freedom.
you rocked Brickhouse on the Lionel Richie special!
latin homework?:)
Louis:and whos falt was that liam *smirks* Liam: it was your falt louis..It was Louis: oh :o
RT : you're wrong its evolving> can't we just dump the LMS and use online analytics? (security issues aside)
MWP must be wondering why Dirk isn't getting ejected and suspended for that elbow on Westbrook.
thought about burning a couch or a car on the side of the road here in italy, but i don't think that would be socially acceptable. #GOCATS!
Mission impossible: not Eating a French fry On the way home from the drive thru
I've got a blankie wrapped around my legs under the news desk. #BRRR! At least it'll be warm again tomorrow.
thank you! So ready to celebrate love you!! :)
Don't slaughter the family horse for food before dismantling the family cart for kindling.
baahahaaa is there, so u owe me some Ihop. Lol jk ;) Good Luck!
A noob Javascript mistake wasted several hours of my time.
If your head begins blowing up from all the rhetoric at the #CNNdebate I suggest you turn it into a drinking game...
Insomniac says-night with extra hour is just a nite with more
"The group liked to play a game in which members came up with the sentence least likely to be uttered by one of their number."
I <3 olive garden! =D
ask me more stuff an yeah that makes sense
Do you think they should release the photos?
Scientists have found a way to roll back aging in mice. Thinking about the implications.
After airport nightmares, I am on my way to with
OSAMA IS DEAD! :D
let me know if u want the new record "heroes"
Not sleeping tonight again, need to look like the character for my big audition tmr
Friendship is love with understanding.
Why waste that challenge Denver?
Coupons, Grocery Coupons, Extreme Couponing, Printable Coupons ...
Great, Nad! Having fun in London!
I've always thought it was BS and refused to follow/click because of it.
Probably not.
#IntelligenceOnDisplay MT : The Tea Party really is just a cunt hair away from being the Westboro Baptist Church
They hate what they can never understand
The bright side of the canvas
#WubsNet I wish he did :(
Faster isn't necessarily better :)
Very true! I always say that, there's always someone better, and there's always someone worse too! We just gotta do OUR own thing.
#KissMyAss i'm not his best friend, DJ is
Your potential is running through your veins right now. And that same energy and magic is available to you this very minute. ~Ishita Gupta
I have wished to know why the stars shine
NationaLOLZ. What was that!?!?!
I'm a huge fan! Paul's my fav(:
DId YOU Know that IMDB tracks who is checking out what pages and ranks those people in order of popularity?!?! Clink on mine below to see...
What are you up to, Steve?
HUGE WIN!
Picking up kids end of a very fun weekend playing tourist in my own town with #savvy stews
: Are you going to that Crawfish Festival on Saturday?
Grab some new gear for our 5k! RT Only 2 days left to enjoy 30% off products at locations!
“: Sometimes your knight in shining armour is just a retard in tin foil”
I'm going to SLEEP! I have testing again in the A.M.
Make sure you all tell that you want to see him do a song with :)
Nothing is worth it anymore I don't know why I do anything. I had it then I lost it.
He is totally precious! I love him in "Being Human".. The real version, not the crap SyFy version :)
Sillicon Valley startup? Wasn't Instagram based in Austin, TX?
At a secret nutrition talk with Gatorade guru Bob Murray picking up some great info.
The weather is shity,ugh
I completely agree
Welp, relationships get old after 9 months and 5 days.. Shit happens.
Saying "jumping the shark" jumped the shark about 15 years ago.
Talk about a sheltered life! Move to the Dot!
should follow me :)
everybody is annoying and everyone is pissing me off. dont fucking talk to me.
Nope I gotta vote for ===> Best burger in town? Rocky's Crown Point. Hands down.
love you ocho. I can't wait to see what you do in NE
“: Looking for a change of luck. Wings @ 623 #letsgo”. Not working yet
: "Christians aren't customers of the church, rather co-workers in the church, working towards the same goal."
that sounds ridiculously amazing
I know its going to be so sad :(
it's not as fun as it used to be. Now everyone I know has a twitter haha. It's weird and turning into Facebook.
Then when I thought it was too good to be true, he blew me off and found someone new
Thanks for the shoutout!
which reminds me, I need a new pillow! :(
Martha was Stresses to Impress Lk 10:40. I'm posting about this today. It's from chapter 16 in my book
I love being with me(: I feel safe with you<3
no donut, herbal tea :)
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Tortilla and Potato Leek. Sugar free lemonade is Pineapple Coriander.
Tomorrow as I pass through BWI I will buy a 12 oz Coke out of appreciation for their boycott of the evil ALEC.
I'm hot and tired and stressed. So in normal.
did you have fun?
Plz share global lessons learned! #campaignotf,
I know! I actually wanted the Canes to win because I wouldn't have to see the Rangers again well I guess I have to now
You crack me up, Scott! RT Do people use the Microsoft Manual of Style so they know what NOT to do?
My day started of good then now tgif... -_-
yes, I agree
#FollowFriday #FF 5 hard-working Academy alums to follow:
Come to the Grind on April 20th and try a weedwhacker mocha! A traditional mocha with frosted mint and butterscotch.
How wonderful! MT : TODAY , Earth Day 10% off ENTIRE purchase+ proceeds donated to Friends of Trees!
Awesome link! I live in Tennessee so i was really glad to see Steve Cohen addressing online poker so positively.
Say what you will about slavery but im glad to be an American
Snow hit your area? Shoveling is great exercise. Just remember to take breaks as you are using different muscles then you may be used to.
I'm still on Week One of CodeYear. But we could (read: should) still meet for beers.
Dear red arrow park. Stop handicapping little kids with buckets for skating because I will push anyone over that gets in my way
thanks for the retweet! Hope you found the Losurdo interview interesting
yeah, they're great. It's one guy (Randy) who handles all the online orders. He knows his beer and has shipped for years.
So did everyone watch on the Ellen Show?
Thanks for the follow, Eddie. I followed you back. :)
I was called a lovely bitch tonight, apparently there's only lovely bitches, bitches, & conniving cunts
paige I love You darling, follow? (: please!
As a Laker fan I can care less about The Heat loss. I just find it funny all the slander from Heat fans last night now yall mad.
Wow! RT : Nearing 24 hours in 's historic swim...Sun is setting, Diana still swimming strong...46 miles down, 65 2go!
FOLLOW NOW FOR A SHOUT OUT ON MY PERSONAL AND A DM TO CODY&AUSTIN TWEET ME YEE WHEN YOU DID!♥!
#Pussification of the NFL...it's real
2 baptized this weekend at the Rock! First service in our new church this Sunday!! Praise Team practice 2night. So many cool things going on
Thanks for all the retweets!
It's mostly a $$ decision for us, but I'm looking forward to it. Feel silly that it's taken us this long to get one!
Today is the only day of the year that I give myself permission to fuck a bottle of whiskey.
looking at things to buy in the Internet u?
just fill out random applications, look online & keep your eyes open. Geez!! 8am?! I eventually fall asleep around 3am
I had dream that i was dating harry potter and he took me on a ride on buckbeak abd he was a really good kisser lol haha wheniwokeupised WTF
Can this really be the last night of #Bulls season? My emotional side hopes not
K BBE :)&nice name:)
why have you abandoned us over here at ogilvy on 11th ave? was just reminiscing on tuesdays gone by, makes me sad.
#Rahm service tax. Will chase even more business out of the city. Duh
aight let me know
So great to be back at after all these years for a reception no less!
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 2
My1st day memory moving in to Towers- no parking! And they sold beer at drugstores in WV! #WVUgrad from
#genomesolver #curenet Big data requires big metal. and its not just genome data either.
Denigration of female bodies is a political act not biological.
14 years ago the course of my life changed. je t'aime
Thanks for texting back
Nothing makes the earth seem so spacious as to have friends at a distance; they make the latitudes . ~ Henry David Thoreau
Apparently I can talk on the phone A LOT.
Indirect tweets fer dayz
U mad? 1st round losses to Lehigh do that. RT : Baylor's Drew would be most logical hire for that program and it's culture IMO.
Some sentences are so perfectly phrased for a that's what she said, that u just look at each other, laugh with your eyes & continue talking
Yes, if Lady Gaga dismissed her "Little Monsters" to go after "Big Monsters", we both know what would happen! ;)
If hell has a soundtrack, it's provided by Kidz Bop.
#imA Normal girl, Living life to the full, No one's better then anyone! X
Seeing a lot about project based learning & want to start using it. How do I help my students work well in groups? Think they need guidance
Lmao Really So I Guess I Need To Appreciate My Man On The Side....
#Geoffrey Owens is doing his thing! S/O to Tamberla holding her own on stage #GoodmanTheatre #Race is a must see
lol you telling me.
Oh how I love to see Chicago sports in peril. Bye bye
thanks for the great content!
she heading home
not sure yet but either johnnys or 810 I still Havnt heard from so we will see
RT *Ahem* my hair is now in a bun. Otherwise known as the "shits about to get real" hairstyle.
please follow me!
I love you to(:
@ @ @ Kelly, thanks for RT! Congrats on trip to Italia, hope u enjoyed it!
Wow that fight was fire last night damn
Some people just don't understand how much their words can hurt. :(
Love trying local brews when I travel. Tonight it's 420 at Tasty! And a cool place too!
Let's go Hawks!!!
i have NO doubt, believe me!
The System needs to be reformed. The money is controlling our Government. If Elected I want to help to
copy and past the first link please! it's acting weird!! what's behind the ... is also apart of it!
Omg, Mercy came on Pandora when I was singing it. Hell yeah.
Sleeping diagonally & not touching a side of the bed after a four-game day, almost heaven!
Shout out to for his support to #ATLAUTOSPORT! Luv u bro !
haha. Ditto. Cops were out on ellington in a big way at one point. Something was going down
Thx for the video love!
no problem; thank you for your kind words & great presentation on Monday.
Haha. It's just so fun though!
Rangers win! NY still suckzz
Im officially giving up on school...
awww :( its so boring man, wyd?.
We should see it together. I need to see it again.
Innovative new businesses are being showcased and launched here at
Cant wait for Friday!!!
Watch for ppl who focus so much on all your wrongs, the truth behind the matter,they trying to take the focus off theirs.
exactly my point. $1800 bucks is a slap in the face for those out of their house and home.
What up world! #StudioFlow al day n night ;-)
we're thankful for you so we're offering a free tan/upgrade with the purchase of any packet of lotion...or buy 5 sessions get 3 for free!!!
Thx so much for the RT, Mary! Susan
#mudmelt Taylor's art works on the inside of people echoing Joan's work exposing the inside of the earth.
haha that video scares me O.O
Andrew Rose, CEO of Elephant Insurance, 140 emps, has had to hire only one from outside talent-filled #RVA region.
Oh drama awards you are so funny :)
Funny fun time this Friday at Neon Venus theater on Melrose and La Brea! Show time I'll answer whether I'm crazy.
Thanks for the kind words brother...next time in LA look me up...Definitely time to get Dutch to a match!!!
Why investing in Hungarian property is a wise choice for 2012!
Content governance is to good, effective content as QA is to good, quality products - RT
Glad you were able to join us! #riseaustin12 RT : Learned a lot at the Rise Awards. Will write up later.
Thanks for the RT
Think we can steal him away like KG?
if you can, you should come to the cults show on 3/22 in la or 3/23 in pomona!!
You are just the cats meow, aren't yaa?
Let's Go Bulls
Thanks to those who came out last night. Also, thanks to for having us!
I think it's Charlotte Hornets
played ping pong outside with and the storm
DVR Alert: I will be on KY Newsmakers with Bill Bryant at 11 a.m. Saturday on
. : Futures thinking about getting people to place where they can think strategically about the future
“: oh, are you in school?
Home brew entrants getting Brown Ales ready for judging next week!
Working on this week's blog post for It's gonna be about
Was today your bday?
alright, inv me when you hop on bro
Perhaps you will forget tomorrow the kind words you say today, but the recipient may cherish them over a lifetime. ~Dale Carnegie
capitalists, bankers & corporations... Same thing.
Thanks for inviting me to the page! Look forward to tweeting on there! :))
agreed, me 2! I will be trying to get there as well, but need to catch up on some work n prepping for Cali tomorrow!
"The hardest part of this effort is to get boots on ground gathering data" so we can empower citizen-journalists across country
I'd complain too. I certainly complained the whole time I was healing from wisdom teeth (2 of which were impacted).
Game for Mother's Day! Who needs brunch? Beer and hotdogs is where it's at!
so bored:\
Actually I think we met through Andrew Conard on Monday b4 you went to check out the rezonline stuff.
all i want is for you to tell me that you care....or single me out 2 talk 2 me or laugh w/ me...have you even ever thought of me like this?
If you're not careful, the newspapers will have you hating the people who are oppressed, and loving the people who are oppressing.- MalcolmX
phone not on .... But I can get wifi were im at.... And I know his birthday Is cumin up....
Yeah, First reddit account i started was just so I could unsubscribe from politics. =)
Hate when girls put on a front just be real with yourself
not our fault your name was made up from thin air. =-)
you right...and I'm not..but my bf not available soo my non friends of Twitter lol
I like Hanson to win the Bluegrass but, love Scatman at 33 - 1
Let me make this clear the promo video is for WSHH Candy
