Get your juice for your buck, SquE-Z!
Just wanted to let you know that your phone loves you♥
Ughh. Someone needs to come over and sleep with me
I was shivering earlier and now i feel like I'm running a fever. I feel like the Memphis weather has embodied me.
Frozen yogurt>>>>>
I smoked something called diablo once & I turned into an alien. Anti diablo ☝👽
Category 19-F winner is Brad Hicks WITI
Thank you for the RT, sweetheart!
On the hunt for a new job opportunity? Follow for info on careers at Peoplefluent!
Yeah I am! and thanks girl :)
Listening to the fine organ sound of Mr,. Tony Monaco. Master of the B3.
Do you really think people saw $ that way. Agree to disagree maybe for 1st time I'll call show Sun. good tpic
#bieberfact He once asked Rihanna out on a date, she turned him down (Crazy, Right?) RT if you would accept if he asked you out! :D
#QuoteoftheDay “Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.” Mother Teresa (1910–1997)
Today's Sandwich: Turkey & co-jack on a croissant with lettuce, tomato, mayo & a cup of soup....$6.95
Just got up, bout to cook some breakfast.
dominated the #StateOfTheUnion!
how long before you guys go podcast? #ImWithYaBuddy!
Well, that should do it.
will be back this week.
How he's got away with cheating so far. RT I'm going to visit w/Nick Saban this AM, what do u want to know about Roll Tide?
Looking forward to working with fellow member !
“: Sometimes I want to tell certain people, "just because they make them in your size doesn't mean you should wear them."” Love!
A simple heartfelt thanks!
Life is short and unpredictable. Don't waste another minute on people, places and things that don't make you happy.
there is a God! last year, I lost an iPhone at this event - this year, I won an iPad.. thank you, Univ of St. Thomas!
sorri for being so cold
Home with a horrid cold, did not even get to church. Phooey. Thinking of my WIPs like long distance lands I cannot reach.
I was behind a dark gray EOS today. I can get on board with that :)
They're already awake. I heard them say they're coming to your room.
Every child is gifted they just unwrapped their package at different times
The gays who suddenly think Obama is the best president ever, just because he helped the gays a bit. <<<<
Don't try calling me right now.... It's Regis' farewell show an I'm busy.
Tonight, The Rock Band "SHAMAN" in Sky Lounge, 2nd. St. & Washington. Join us for the best Friday's Latin Passion Nights in town!!!!!
I need a job I think. I need more...
so i fell asleep to stockcar racing on TV and imagined it as mario kart with amazing especial effects, it was quite the fun nap.
I aint got shit to do so i guess ill have drinks with mommy tonight
Very awkward car ride.....
Next ticket I gotta buy is for the KISS/Motley Crue tour......that one is gonna cost me a good chunk of cash. Oh well, so worth it :)
FLASH® Announces Scholarship Recipients
“: Our full platform, launching in May, will be nationwide by the end of this year! :)” very cool!
oops I don't care
That's great! Congrats!!! RT : Just checked my profile, another coach! From Maine. That makes 6.
All i cn do is thank god
Thanks for the RT of "too mean to die"
Great event as always and !
Uhmm Excuse Me Miss : )
If I really fuck with you, then your problems are my problems.
ya, they looked good... but lets see what guinness has to say :)
lol. You guys r not coming back your already crazy.
I love my new tapestry above my bed
#AskAlexConstancio do you read my tweets??? :) <3
Hey baby what happened to my LOL! This is what the Mic picked up. I said testing the mic.
Haven't heard anyone mention a library staff discount but of course, WE like the idea. Will pass idea along to powers-that-be.
Why sometimes do you love your friends unconditionally nd sometimes u wanna tear them 2 pieces
your remix is flawless
i'll call you bitch for short, as a last resort & my first resort. you call me mf for long, at the end of it you know we both were wrong.
Only god picks your family, but you LICK your friends. lolololol.
Sitting at a bar next to couple on a blind date. Dude forgot his ID.
The Silk Tie likes Patrick!
ESPN Sports Reporters all picking against the
We cubans come to the beach for the bbq , and eating.lol
hah! I have all three with me!
haii Austin (: please follow me <33
We are at the 8th Annual CHLI Gala & Leadership Awards tonight. A lovely event so far, that Google is proud to be a part of.
If, after 7 years, JLo and MarcA can't make it, what chance do the rest of us have?
U couldn't pay me to be in tha Kennedy family, them fuckers are CURSED!
want to talk to FOX 5 NEWS about your find?! Tweet at me!
ima txt u now
same here :D
It's No Coincidence Miami & Hell Is Hot. For My Road Map To Get To Miami Is & Has Been Through Hell...That's Why I'm FIRED UP
Thanks so much for sharing this!
Just done a #BIM presentation to #Bouygues in London - seemed to go down well
and that's whether their Black owned or not. I RTd that tweet on first glance as a result of the anthro. of conflict + vioelnce
You know it! RT : No wonder I'm movin slow this mornin! Time for my gummies!
Good luck to all the runners in #pennrelays and welcome to Philly. Drivers, bikers, pedestrians - let's be patient with each other. :-)
School tomorrow. No
If Cleveland or any other city is interested in hosting. Start exploratory planning and let's talk at the conference or email.
WOW! heck, I'm done and its now even me! That should start your week off right!
Why I recommend Premise from : When I ask questions, support answers are fast, thorough & NICE! Thanks!
I don't know, I usually make it to Somerville in 20 min - bring some girlfriends - great coffee shop downstairs!
#TheVoice Kim Y didn't hit it, weak, bad song choice for her.
We had a successful Chalk Talk event last night. Seattle ad people, mark March 10th for the ADDY Awards!
Best of both worlds! RT Tough choice so BOTH RT : What are ur fav toppings on ur froyo? Do u prefer fruit or candy?
now new buzz lightyear profile picture :)
If your haven't made the switch to digital radiography what has been the reason? Let us know so we can bring DuoView to your practice!
Fl drivers license - check. License plates - check. Homestead exemption - check. Now officially FL resident. Finally official.
I think I'm going with whom ever signs mike vick, that will be my team for the 2009 season. Looks like the pats might sign him soon.
First event tomorrow!!! I'm nervous but excited.
lookin at 25-30 per person plus transit. Everyone's keen on art gallery sat. Is that doable for you?
And end with -ville? : My first task as new PCEO of Apple [...] all apps will have the words Edge and Scrolls added to them.
Why would Coach K or Calipari leave to join the #nets? They'd be crazy.
LA works great if you don't think of it, or have expectations of it, as a city. It's just a giant, goofy town. #ValKilmer in
you're so sexy.
My husband just asked me out on a date!
I disagree. As bad as the films might be, the Tyler Perrys of the world are giving them exactly what they crave. They're loyal.
That's always been my dream.
I think my aunt flo is coming to visit, I hope she comes tonight so that by prom I can have full pussy popping capability.. 😁
My friend's dad and Steve Jobs both die on the same day... wow... :'(
ARIANA IS NOT BEAUTIFUL SHE IS BEYOND IT XD
Omg ive gotten alot of followers in the past couple days. Thanks so much guys it means alot :')
so guess who got a solo in invisible?
�TheNoteboook When two people are meant for each other, no time is too long, no distance is too far, and no one can ever tear them apart.�
I'm not a fan of energy drinks, but I do consume this organic adrenal energy tincture, I got it from whole foods. I need it tonight.
fine. thanks for clarifying. ..as I said, I empathize with your position
You too Denise =)
Second breakfasts!
watching #alcatraz of course!!!
Our Marketing Coordinator will be attending 2012 Summit in Las Vegas in June. Anyone else going? Let's tweet up!
wow i go on like every 5 days now...
The world does not need a resurgence of CS! DROP THE AWP!
If I had skipped the malingering testing, I would not have known I was being lied to today.
Secure future so I say this wit my college degree I can out huslet u niggas u just a artist niga
Parenting at it's finest
Big MONEY spender
Had a blast with Janiya!
Thanks for the RT. We're getting our tomatoes from various sources right now. Looking into more reliable source
WTF FACEBOOK?? IMHO Your new "upgrades" suck. Twitter take heed: don't OVERDO!!.
Practicing for our gig on the 28th... Portland, Maine here we come!
I choose both ... At the same time lol
Happy Mothers day
oh no!! Feel better!!
well since i've got no teaching to do anymore, my sked is a bit crazy. i might be getting something soon, though.
So excited for the new record! Thanks for taking the time to do your live chat just now! :) ♥Mal
Ahh!! Did you guys see the crazy fight at the end of the Flyers vs. Penguins game!! Awesome!!!!!
Come to : Tech's Hot Trends - 3/20/12. Hear from
thanks beautiful :) I feel 20 I keep myself up
At the social fundraising presentation at #aam2012. George Eastman House presenting right now.
Fine by me, but viagra and oil subsidies cost a lot more than birth control pills. Women spend an average of $20 to $50. tsktsk
why are the billionaires better than average joe?--joe is average only because they have the money--joe makes them rich
I've been selling several fine violins. In my "spare time" I'm a violin teacher.
hey enjoyed listening to your latest interview with on the Jazz Session! Thank you for the inspiration!
have a good night sleep. God bless you. Bye
#thatakwardmomentwhen your parents are looking over your shoulder as you scroll through your facebook or twitter."
Northern Downpour
Summer is approaching fast, what do you during this time to prepare you for the fall school season?
Lifes a game were meant to lose but stick by me and i will stick by you
M soy sauce(;
..that would DEFINITELY depend on if you're talk'en sexual or emotional frustration, luv..feel me?
It's really Windy out there, I wonder how it will effect the game?? Let's Go ROCKIES....
followed back
Please refrain from yelling in the halls... Thanks
Yes! Bad by is playing on the radio right now! Just made my morning so much better=)
Peeps were bemoaning this grammar faux pas today @ work too. So don't even get me started on "boughten" ::shudder::
Show last night was EPIC, Thank you to all who came out and supported this great cause! we raised around 65 dollars!
I love Carmel cake.
you are dead killin nem holdin up that wall😜
WTF, where did the Flyers v Devils game go???
♬ Paul Anka wrote Buddy Holly hit "It Doesn't Matter Anymore" He gave his composers royalty to Buddy's widow "it was the least I could do" ♬
hey justin! My best friend( ) birthday is this Friday and I was just hoping you could please tweet her(cont)
Hey - thanks for the workout tip! Have you tried KoreFit?
Sleeping in his shirt tonight. Maybe itll help.
Welcome to KENTUCKY!
dont doubt it for a minute. Keep it up and next year will be the time of our lives
I love you Flynn!
why can't we retweet ourselves on twitter D:
I was just driving like a minute n a half straight lookin down at my phone I'm wildn
Music by Mark Nathan tonight at 7pm!
THAT WAS FUNNY! for the last competition she did a shoulder sit next me me and when I went up I purposely kicked her in the face
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart. - Buddha
Y are there so many high speed car chases in la?
Aww bears have all the fun.
sounds similar to Bullets being turned down by Juwan Howard, is $48 million an insult....
great seeing you all!!
you didn't get them?! We even sent over the giant ones. Hope LCC was great today! cc
When life throws you a curve ball...SWING with all your might!
Dosnt follow me and iv followed him for a while:\
Happy Monday! VLJ staff are feeling refreshed and ready to take on the week! What did you do this weekend?
Live jazz tonight @ Pete Miller's in Wheeling with The Shawn Maxwell Quintet featuring Rose Colella 8-12:30 petemillers.com
I'll have another just won the derby
beautiful child!!
...The culnary equivlant of the higgs-boson particle you say? Well obviously Bacon Infused Bread
what do you report about???? I'm not from Seattle but I know King5
Thanks for the RT, Nicole:)
These niggas need to throw in 2k
PLS post parade photos FB Twitter #cincinnati #cincystpatrickparade. reconstruct entire parade. prizes for best photos
i never knew there was a following limit on twitter
RT for a #shoutout must b following!!
giiiirrrl...experience is a GR8 teacher!!
watchin beyond scared straight these officers scareing the shit out them lil kids high ass hell lmao
we will feed you and the other apples soon enough...we will keep u in mind when we're cruisin!
NBC hire this guy. Call of the night!! RT ": If Hal gill is pinching, he better be in the toilet. #stayathomedman."
Familiar burger and fries $8.99!
Can a layup get any easier than that?
Good morning everyone, for updates on shows & new music make sure you "LIKE" this fan page...Thank you for your support.
u right lol...
Draft grades are worthless for 2-3 years. You have to see production to know if you pass or fail at player evaluation.
“: "Without music, life is like the sky without stars, hearts without love, and people without dreams." -Matt Nicholas”
does a bear shit on the pope? Hell yes I am.
w/ 12 picks they would have ended up cutting multiple picks had they not traded. It was a luxury they could afford comfortably
rain, rain, stay. for a while. please. ?
hahah what you been up 2!?
Enjoy a refreshing Michelada with us tonight! Made with EKU Pils beer, lime juice, Worchestershire sauce, tabasco, salt + pepper
I couldn't find email 4 u on village site. I'm the sis of member I visited last Sun. Had ? 4 ya. I'll DM u tho
I don't understand you
I Cried When my cousin died.
I love comedy because he doesn't have to make disgusting jokes to be funny. Good night with good people tonight.
Checking in @ Tin Horn Flats....Bear Country in LA.
#CallMeMaybe is stuck in my head i can't stop singing it I just LOVE IT!!! :)
Tennis Racket Discount: Wilson US Open Junior Recreational Racket
thank you!!! Don't worry! Goodnight, thank you for everything!
I need some crawfish in my life
Went out for a "regular" night out with a girlfriend and it was boring and unproductive... realized I should just work more! Tomorrow is on!
its okay bum :* ilu anyways
I considered it, but I can't hear that word in my head without thinking of Marty McFly.
I got $1000 round abouts at the mid size universities I've worked with
what...this weather
what are you doing this weekend?!
just now finishing up da track dis shit gone be stupid crazy cuzo when dis finally drop
fasho... the culture been getting rapes
Completely agree. Best night I've had in a way long time. Legendary.
If you hate on something someone does, your just jealous you didn't do it yourself
ok sugar!
I've never heard thunder roll for so long before.
Check with us at Twelpforce for the skinny on the latest OS
Pinnacle Vodka recipe #1: 8 oz. Sugar Free Red Bull, 1 oz. Whipped Cream Vodka - not bad complement.
Who do you trust DR OZ or FDA? Dr OZ has a higher moral character than our Government, I'll go with him. Be safe buy organic apple juice.
So true!
nice to meet you. I grew up in Ohio--youngstown.
I mean *not* her win. Spencer was good. But she wasn't. And the film. Well, you know...
Happy Meat Lovers Wednesday! Come in our get 1lb of meat for only $8.99! Our gift to you for making half way through the week :)
This sucks. 4th and 1 is the Falcons kryptonite.
very long .
Hope everyone has a great first day/week back at school! Especially to the teachers, who have one of the most important jobs........
Wow. What a play - thought Denver was going to give it away for a minute.
I fink u freaky!
P.R.A.Y. = Praise, Repent, Ask, Yield.
There's a man grilling outside. If I bring him a 6-pack, he's socially obligated to give me a hamburger, right?
I'll try to conserve!
I don't care how shitty the weather is. I just had Cocoa Puffs for breakfast, so nothing can mess up my day right now
I hope im the Lucky girl , Christian Beadles Picks to go on a date with him ! <3 c: Please let it be me !
1hr 25mins! If I'm not on later that means I probably passed out on the floor.
What is it about Friday that makes you glad?
": .. Lol #lies"no dead ass where u u got the plates
full of smiles and sugar
My upstairs neighbors are crazy.
not at yardhouse any more
Pat oneil at rosamond witty wood projections
Hurt me with the truth, but never comfort me with a lie..I love this
Couldn't find the kessler. Was looking at the wrong shelf.
"Have you ever heard the phrase, 'I wrote the book on this?'"
My house is full of loud, annoying middle school girls.
Be strong. Always smile. Stay Strong Zayn . Love u so much :D <3
“: #exonerated” is it belt worthy?
Oprah reflects on first TV job in &quot;Note to Self&quot; - CBS News
My PNW coders, tech friends, Mobile App enthusiast mark your calendar for April 13-14 and join me at the AT&T Hackathon.
I may be the only guy in New York who didnt know the #Rangers have a theme song, but I sure am the only guy in this bar who doesnt know it
Trying to be the next Open Walls Baltimore?
S/O to and for getting the highest scores and making niu cheer again!
Excellent choices, but you're part of the staff so you don't qualify to win the I-Tunes card. We'll buy you some Schlitz instead. :)
then you know what to do yo! :)
I just can't shake this migraine!
Needless to say, not sure I agree entirely with the Ayers claim in the previous RT, but I get what he's driving at.
Oh, What a beautiful beginning of a holiday weekend! What are you doing this weekend? I know it will be full of fun adventures!
Sessions, BABBITT and McGee. I'd watch them lose. Lose, they would.
a Royale with Cheese?
this is going to sound so lame but it has actually been pretty good.
Glow in the Dark bowling! Was so much fun now starbucks with the gals :) !
If you can't decide between a Shepherd, a Setter or a Poodle, get them all ... adopt a mutt! ASPCA
Thats why German pancakes have bubbles! :)
You're 17. Its time to stop making prank calls at 5 AM and calling every 2 mins.
I would love to meet yall.
In other news, Ashton Griffin continues to save the world. Reporters say there is no telling when he will stop.
it so hot in my room !!
This entire metro car cleared out at Smithsonian. Its officially tourist season.
The weather forecast for my apartment today: High of 95 with a strong chance of fainting humans.
oh sorry bro
- I was totally cool with it. Once I saw that others were totally cool with it. :)
China has more English speaking people than the United States
That looks so good. :)
There's both mexican and asian restaurants at this terminal. Hoping that no one sitting next to me on this flight eats either.
Looking forward to meeting in a few mins. Interview coming soon to !
hahahaha I gotta use that one
On the plus side, it appears you got to make a trade with a time-traveler.
good morning I been so busy how is your morning
Everybody loses. It's the perfect storm.
This is my type of weather!
So many Tauruses!
Tonight! Come celebrate life with #teamtaurus at club 58. Free Parking, beautiful people, Sexy vibes, no dresscode
Awesome! Building a new teaching kitchen. Any interest in more data entry?? :)
I mean Roger.
honesty seems to get me into a lot of shit so maybe #lying is the answer.
Jay and silent Bob strike back.... classic
High school changes people. Some for the better, some for the worst. But if one thing is true; you find out who your real friends are.
#lessexcitingbandnames Adam and the Aunts
It's raining. I reads.
Is his mom okay with it? I wonder if she ever thought he should be
Dodge QT : Who's your favorite avenger? I can't pick...
i dm u
I could lay in the dark for hours and still be wide awake.
umm hes the shit who u like lil wayne? if so i feel bad for u
unfortunately, that's my motto
Not bad for DeJesus' first career PH homer.
Im On My Way Ovaa Deree.
thanks. i may try to pick it up again, skipping the exercises which stump me/take 2 much time, but fear loss of learning
Reaching students via mobile technology -fun fun fun
This traffic right now -___-
NEW grilling tools by chef'n are here!!!!!!!
Are STEM degrees from an unaccredited university more valuable than anthropology degrees from an accredited university?
We're setting up for our massive runway show for Chicago House's 25th annual benefit. Refresh often, as we bring you backstage coverage.
Learning the skill and try to build mineRT : How many of you are participating in PLNs - includes #lrnchat, of course?
S/o to for being an amazing best friend <3 i love you cella!!
Congrats to all my friends and family at HSBC in Salinas, California on your new journey as Capital One employees!
my mom said I'm on twitter to much to do something else an when I do something else I'm not doing that right either :\
If I was stuck on a desert island, I would want bananas, a guitar, and zayn from 1D
So, so happy for making the pro bowl. My favorite #PSU player of all time!
your blitzkrieg just never schnapps
Which is more pleasurable? Sometimes I find writing music "journalism" to be so much enjoyable. Less pressure, maybe?
Have you read #milliondollaragent yet? has some great stories to share...business info, too!
boyz singing, im drinking. happy sunday!
What's an ideal target number of folks to follow on Twitter? Should I aim to achieve a balance of following and followers?
we tell all students to #LeaveYourLegacy by having your voice heard on issues that effect your education.
Seeing tomorrow. Waited over 6 years to see/meet them. Hope I don't cry:p
had a dream last night I ran a half marathon in 1:42:35. In my dreams I'm fast
we hope to :) thnx for checkin us out! <3
off to New Orleans! smell ya' around!
if it wasn't for Monday, Sunday would be the best day EVER.
what is your predictions for the broncos vs chiefs game this sunday
well I THINK u should follow me. Just a thought. Haha
#LRT Yes, that commercial have me laughinn soo hard
Pop quiz: What do Stinging Nettles, Morels, and Sea Beans have in common?
SAT word of the day: sanguine (adj.) optimistic, cheery
I just told the truth in my answer! EVERY theatre actor who is out auditioning should be checking you out!
So unrecognizable are the Oakland players even to their fans; an MC Hammer bobblehead promotion.
target practice ! :D
Names make or brake you. Today's name: Princess Crump. i shit you not
Oh my, got a super late start to the day
Awks when mom doesn't change the channel.
Drive to the "sky train" and taking it to Vancouver B.C.
Knicks are a better team on paper than Miami
hey keith whats good
The voyage of discovery is not seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes-Marcel Proust
Wow! That was great. Did you know Summer Camp is looking to host a live art gallery? Send me a DM if you want some info!
Love it!
GOOD LUCK tonight cena your the man
no he's mr
Nicki minaj can shut up, YOU are the female weezy
Happy birthday to my wonderful mom!
Riding with a bitch, call her hot mouth Shelly
what about Cassie? A horse may not fit in my bags!
Please welcome my friend and colleague Taylor Kendal of to his first #sschat!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 59
The pastor asked to hold all tweets for15 minutes. He says that we cannot tweet JC. OK by me.
Do the fried pickles, they are to die for. As in, they might kill you, but they are worth it.
Order sent to Thomas in MI!
So If I can get 800 more followers I will have the same amount of people I'm following let's go
IM TWEETING FROM FORMSPRING BECAUSE I GOT HACKED! REFOLLOW ME AT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Exercising blind faith...not looking, just stepping!
I'm not a bitch, you're just annoying as hell.
bump in notoriety! ": JUST realized who you guys were.was so freaked out thought abt get restraining order.."
Brittain denies Schmit on a breakaway.
Boss yo Life up!
I LOve you BIEBER HAPPY BIRTHDAY . YOU WERE AMAZING TODAY AT THE ELLEN SHOW. I JUST WISH THAT GIRL WAS ME ;) FOLLOW ME ? <3
#LifeWouldBeBetter If certain people were never in it.
Ok both of the commercials with the Victoria's Secret model were lame
long distance and hurtles
Tonights Fun = Putting together a barebones PC kit I bought off TigerDirect.com and drinking Hop Stoopid Ale.
Encouragement for the Day: #Dream the biggest dream you can think of & then make it a reality
i say we have it 2nd week in may whenever heather is off!!!
"Put the candle back," is what my 4yr old son is saying right now. Only seen movie once, last week. Young Frankenstein even impresses young
Welcome, and Washington's glad to have you!
Wake up at 6, register for next term, work my ass off until 10 am. Tonight / this morning's plan.
can i have both of u
is in the library
#Thankful for the opportunity today to speak Marquette University High School.
I am shooting a short in weho all day and then off to a cd workshop at reel pros tonight! Have a great day everyone!!!
snow patrol, but I'm actually here to see Ed Sheeran. ;)
hahaha...fair enough. Thanks man!
Clarion hotels have paper thin walls. I really want to go back to sleep...
Life sometimes gives you lemons so you make the worlds best lemonaide and drink it!!
“: Ball Blast 2012 champs” HAHAHA YES!!!
Run girl!! You'll warm up in no time. RT It's COLD!!! I don't want to get out of this car. LOL
About to start our conversation with at the Send us your questions!
All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl
:) we love canada! whereabouts?
from opening** until 10:30am on July 21st, 2009 with the purchase of any beverage.*
I feel you. I only go to get my eyebrows done in desperate times. It's too dirty in there.
and a kid seeing the landscapes he grew up on to the Greatest skies above his head. Though I dreamt of the Sea as well.Though as the words
Not sure, and I may be completely wrong. I'll ask around.
I'm in a sharing mood.
So excited for graduation day. Batch 2012. <3 College, please be good. :)
That's EXACTLY the type of treatment Artest will get, only 5452x worse. And he deserves it.
Hearth, NYC - amazing food always, unfocused beer lists. The Bev. Dept finally blew me away w/ a special list of craft ciders (+10bt )
oh thats good
#ReasonsThatImSingle I'm in love with
might I suggest mypuppypads.com. They come in handy at home & when you travel or visit...
Mi sick now Jodi mi hate it😷
1017 Followers-keep 'em coming!!! I think it's the cool new profile pic-courtesy of and
if not horrified.
Within each setback lies opportunity.
That'd be great! You can be kept up to date at :)
Quick and Easy Guacamole - My quick and easy guacamole recipe, High in Omega-6. Often avoided because avocado's are high in fats but...
cause this black kid was triying to fight my friends and then it escalated into a beat down .-. yeah......
Where have I seen this before..
Well there will be some girls there who like both groups too. I've seen them on tv over the years.
me and made a bet: I bet him that you'd get at least 10 sacks this year. He said you wont get 5. Who wins?
how many microphones go with you on tour?
best rapper alive!! and im happy he loves kim! haha, she bomb! #HesAG!
Who wakes up and eats chocolate raisins in the morning after eating chicken me (:
Pretty much every guy is the same. Very few rare ones. Just like very few rare females.
LMAOOOOO that article was so comical. way to go.
thank you for your feedback. We know our deficiencies and we promise to improve.
there wasn't an end time on their website!
aw. I love you too.
Never give up on something you really want. It’s difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret.
Awww you broke your leg?.. that's sad... :/ can I try your crutches now? :D
“: Nowadays "cool" means "I really don't care" "sick" means "awesome" and "I love you" doesn't mean anything.” to some../:
I got my dress.
To this you were called,because Christ suffered for you, leaving you an example, that you should follow in his steps. 1 Peter 2:21
. Look at that profile pic! Very intimidating, indeed. That's a guy you don't pitch to with 1st base open.
okay works for me
Bowling with next week at Country Lanes. Save the date for March 29 and network with the AAF and Ad 2 chapters in San Antonio.
Awesomely busy and exciting day so far! I had completed another speech titled "Recognizing Achievement" at my Toastmasters Club today.
Post game show just ended...and hour till the next game...too late for me.
When I have a daughter one day, her name will be Luxe.
Gonna get right for the new year since I can't go anywhere. 2012 gonna be better
okay cool cool
That's good to know! If you need a tent/dome babysitter for the summer my backyard is very safe and responsible.
Health update: I have mono. Dr thinks I never recovered from it when I was 17, so it's chronic. This on top of fibromyalgia. Lovely.
story of my life :) can't wait for the new season!!
pissed off and i just want to dance
Time comes from the future. Chew on that.
don't forget...
Cant believe my best friend of about 10 years is about to graduate high school. I love you beth!
I think I have yet to update that app (and many others). For being a billion-dollar co., they should really have a nicer app.
The feeling is mutual! RT : Hahahah love it!!! Glad we finally got to meet him too!!
I think your area would be Southern Illinois. We're climbing, we've been at 61 for a bit now in the Milwaukee area
we'd love to have you!! xo
hey yup I had a great time last night at teen hoot! See u next time! -marley (I'm on my friends twitter)
Hey, Dr. Chris is our vet too! He's awesome. :)
#evernoticed how fast you get out of bed when you realized you overslept
Great time on the history tour. And a beautiful day on the plaza! #Frommer's
here! lol i was busy yesterday kickin ass
Come to Cheesie's Pub & Grub on May 6 and support an anti-bullying play. Proceeds go to the cause!
We now have our new song! Check it out!!! :)
Apparently, you're never too old for childish bathroom stall graffiti, even in college... #seriously?
You never know what you can do until you try.
I'll get up in 5 minuets (:
228. My history room.
I can't wait to move out D;
#TLG2012 "How do we create innovations that sustain communities" Janet Denhardt
The eye is the lamp of the body
what?!? You took it there! All of the jokes I was thinking of were cleaner than a bar of soap!!!
YAAAAY. ❤ I can't wait to see you, my dear! 💋
eat my Naanwich ...
or longtime friend?
GET LIKE ME! RT Hitting the gym....you already kno
Why do teachers care so much if you don't do you're homework?
on my way now.
good got the stitches out last Tuesday. Got 2 weeks of phys therapy and I'll be gold. Healing great!
What are the four levels of mens rea?
On tap, Rye IPA (replaces Colette Farmhouse Ale)
#CreativeCloud "Now lets go creat something" I gotta get back to work on a logo now
was looking through my followers and saw and about had a heart attack. i can cross that one off my bucket list ((((:
You Gettin Ready To Get Some A∫∫ .. And Ya Feet Smell Like S**†
Who has a 3 day weekend?! I'll give you a hint
Spending the weekend in #MKE - any suggestions on activities? Thinking a game - maybe hit up the museum.
The LACK of money is the root of all evil!
sadly, i reward myself with writing after a good twitter session.
Investigate these bishops felonies are members of an alite sqaud known as the Special Victims Unit.
What doesn't kill you makes you Stronger
I've missed you too darling :) we'll hang more often!
If you don't have tough skin, the music business is not for you
have a slammin trip! I'm green with envy.
not much longer until and I are reunited
Did Bane blow up the power transformer @ the Steeler game in SF, as a Dark Knight Rises stunt???
It's hard to find good people in your life.
John Spencer Blues Explosion this am. Blues everywhere!!!
to reach 3k
": Overhearing a Starbucks therapy session. Some people have serious life issues." LOL BE NICE
Gullibility is my life. hates me. The end.
Giving up on dating to focus on reinventing my life and feeding my creative fire with art making. Yet I find myself doodling hearts.
no se B
My christmas present arrived today!
no one hears you state boi. ..
My fucking computer just crashed and I lost EVERYTHING!!!
You're welcome!
Going to find my way to Brice canyon after awhile, and search for crystals there ! High energy!!
Penalty on us. 9:35 on the clock
I know you see me... and I know your #scared because you know im capable of taking your spot... #BringingTheHeat [{GQ™}]
maybe. Few weeks till I would know.
That is unless you're too stubborn to ask for help like me :)
no amount at the vet is too much.
There's my George by george! How you been doin' buddy? Been missing you lately
: Tea is the hero when you're sick, I swear.
The 1st duty of a leader is to define actuality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant.
new cash cown song ft cap1 racks n bands listen to it here
I'm spoiled.
You definitely dont want to miss the conclusion to our "F-BOMB" series tomorrow morning at ALWC!
Me too. It's on my bucket list to stay in that exact hotel & see all the sights in the movie.
I still get excited when I see SPINNERS on a car lol
seeing someone go back to the person that hurt them a million times<<<<<
you know I'm yo future ugly quit playin lol
did you ever get on 's website and put up a page for your band?
It's lunch time....When dining at Walt Disney World, do you prefer a table service or quick service location for lunch?
Rick Santorum is a herpes-infected dinosaur that shoots laser beams when he roars.
RT : Prisoner of Her Past tells how early intervention may prevent "late-onset Post Traumatic Stress Disorder"
Seriously, all the things Ive been thru over the yrs. I wouldn't wish an acting career on any kid. Were bought & sold like sandwiches...wait
hahha you know maria? Not beautiful maria or class maria,annoying maria?
Well.. Lost the bet. Looks like I'll be dying my hair 😣😢
I have 16 days and 12 hours until I leave for some sand, sun, and 7 full days of margaritas morning, noon and night
thank you thank you thank you
I choose to love and accept myself and talk to myself as I would to a beloved person in my life
Yes. Catching up with correspondence. Trying to finish book this month. Hope you are well.
your awesome! Im going to watch no matter what! <3 <3
Some days I just don't feel like being "understanding" . . . but I keep working at it . . .
Hotels &amp; Lodging Stock Outlook - May 2012 - Industry Outlook
it is kind of annoying. it's just a book. Better than some, worse than others. Why people are obsessing is beyond me.
Boutta go a jersey
Wuz good bro??
I am HallowFlame27407
I must be old. Its impossible not to drive across campus and appreciate a rapist's intentions
"Today I will use the wisdom to build a better tomorrow on the mistakes and experiences of yesterday."
you're perfect #boydirectioner ❤
I want you in Europe, like, now
is the winner of the Twitter Contest!! She's won 2 tix to the Showbox show this Friday 10/16!! Thanks to everyone who played!!
austin in the show can't sing but he's the singer? xD
God I love virtual machines! My PBX & CRM sit on top of linux...
#Agreed and it's just a place to let your thoughts out and possibly more. For people who bash at it, they are lonely & jealous
Who feels like #SUBWAY for lunch? I'm down for a Sweet Onion Chicken Teriyaki w/ a ton of banana peppers. How do you like yours?
At thu park w neighborhood friends
Hey, congrats! Sounds like a great gig. I've always thought it would be great to work in an art museum -- so inspiring!
That's a disturbing article. It makes me long for the rise of unions again.
Oh my gosh so tired!!!
OK I will do that follow back!
Because he's mean! lol
The Bears gave a long term deal to Michael Bush before Matt Forte? Not exactly a good faith gesture from Chicago.
Is getting ready to shoot Max Aziria at the tent!
yeah, he used to play baseball and football
you got my back bro?
So it turns out that my cousin is the manager at cheddars and we got hooked up with free desserts :))
show starts in 5 min
How the hell did I keyword myself into being followed by ? You can go ahead and unfollow me. Nothing you'll like to see here.
excited to celebrate #EarthDay with #GWU this Friday! We're cooking up some delicious treats....
Got the RT from Hopsin life is #Amazing !!!
#WordPress #Tools Blog by Mail with Categories – Changes the “Blog by Mail” feature in WordPress so you can also set the category.
oh #newgirl, you make every tuesday night brighter :)
how was ur day
having a unicorn party dressed as a carrot with :3
Seriously, you would think the Xfinitywifi network would work at Would they really go broke if they just opened it up?
Hit a raccoon on the way home. Unavoidable unless I wanted to drive into a ditch. This makes me so sad.
HI, thanks for the RT, yep, still kickin' sort of. Miss u too.
We speak Spanish, French, English, and Relaxation!
we got to start practicing!
i'm bout to botch the shit out of this presentation tmrw...
Lunch was good, but way to fast! :P
5-0 in fantasy baseball. Best part? Most of my team is from Waivers
Why does everyone speak different languages and have different accents if we all originally came from the same place?
Have you not been watching House? D:
awww thanks so much!!!
WBB: Summit, Vanderveer, Conradt, Sharp, Stringer RT : If you could talk to 5 coaches living or dead for advice who would they be?
A while ago? RT : (386): At what point in my life did a night that has strippers, belly dancers, tequila and a midget become "average"?
Is InfoMail spam? Yes.
Everybody's waiting for you to breakdown, everybody's watching to see the fallout, even when you're sleeping, sleeping, keep your eyes open.
#imappropriatefuneralsongs Ding Dong the wicked whitch is dead.........
Tweeter, hippy thanksgiving
This is easily the best bag of grippos i've ever had. My mouth is on fire
Its on ur time i see
It can be worst so take it. "give u dat evil eye"
Why does it always have to come down to you leavin' before I say I love you?
If you still believe Barack Obama is not a born citizen, you are dumb. Point blank—dumb. Stupid. Moron. Dolt. Fool.
Chicken Caesar salad & Garlic bread! Yum
hearing rumors that Anthony Bennett is yet to take the SAT. Do you know if it's true and you think we get him. Thanks Larry!!
Its Woof Wednesday so stop by Lofty Dog for 5% off food and 10% off everything else!!
I'm honored. (And I even pronounced the 'h' silently to myself while writing this.)
Weak ass Milwaukee niggas aways wanna see you down bust a window for a radio yall Bitch ass hurting that bad I have a Gun next time you gone
I look damn good ;)
Thanks to my NEW & OLD followers that got me to 203. :)
cool, I'll take it on a mini road trip.
We stole this from SCI and Abby Smith.
Nahh but I got to talk to u
Everytime I Hear No Air I Think Of Austin And *Imagine* His Voice
*It's different* perfectly captures people's aversion to it.
When life throws you a lemon, throw that shyt back...didnt u ask for an orange?
Last Minute Shopping at FeeLit until 7pm! Experience the satisfaction of giving a unique item, made with love and attention... Do You FeeLit
‘Lockout’ Opening 5 Minutes & Clip Tease A Cheesy Thrill Ride via
I wish I wouldn't have trashed my credibility than I wouldn't need pics.
Thanks for spreading the word ! Hope to see you there.
“: Hey I heard you were a wile one...o” wild*
hey everyone ppl say jbs gay
Hunger City > Hunger Games
HA! RT That, sir, is why u make the big bucks. A day at HQ for our 10,000th follower!
Looking at prospective employees. Madhouse at
gonna miss my love bugs tomorrow &
like I said I prioritize things...I still need a charger and guitars...so
of Wisconsin serves the 0.01% --
Just left a holiday party and am headed home. Tomorrow #RedBull madness with some family. Hope you're enjoying the weekend!
No new listing today, we are busy processing a new shipment! In the meantime, check out our price cuts from yesterday!
Many of the young people are Kennedy's
That was fun. Welcome to Lexington and #BBN I see nothing but big things.
“: You can buy Lucky Charms marshmallows in bulk without the cereal.”
sorry mom I didn't know wat time it was lol
Love that song lol
Really excited to go and see the Rally to Restore Sanity on the Mall today!
you need to come over for Project Runway. P.S. You missed it because you are not watching enough lifetime movies.
2/12 - Scratched Up - V Bar - Pre-sale tickets Available at QBS for $3... Support your Local DJ's and Talents
man just $40
YOu guyz did an unbelivible job on shake it up i've never seen anything like it <3 i love u all send my love.. ~hannah
Problem as old as social science
Read that earlier. They were talking to America and Americans. Detroit is more of a metaphor (comments from group)
Ha! RT : After a million years of human evolution, man has reached a point where he is now stupider than his telephone.
Saturday Special !!!! $10 OFF ANY SERVICE TODAY !! Call 503-241-4922, today for a free quote & mention Facebook or Twitter for $10 off !!
Tonight I attended my 17th annual meeting of Life Success as executive director...it's funny how much has changed and yet remains the same!
LIONS OR TIGERS?
Ex boyfriends......they propel us on in life :)
OMG U TWO LOOK LIKE SISTERS!!! :)
If this doesnt get you to buy a ticket, nothing will. Just in: Mega Millions jackpot has jumped to $640 million
omg same! How old r u an ur hot lol
Oh, man...there is so much good food to choose from, it's hard to pick who to buy what from. One of everything, please!
S/o to my new followers
Great to hear!
ugh take me with you I'll pay whatever haha.
Harry Connick Jr. blushes, smiles after finding out he's a descendent of a Confederate soldier
If your not a pats fan you can #stfu now.
Well when it comes to those parts it sure ruins a lot of peoples days
“#California became the first to discover that it was #fantasy that led reality, not the other way around.” -William Irwin Thompson
Pimps up, hoes down
Wing ball pressure eliminates the skip pass, discourages post-entry passes, dis-allows a jump shot, and encourages turn-overs.
When is all nice to it makes me sick I will always love more than "breezy" never will 4giv
These multicolored lights going off on the front of Aria make it kind of difficult to fall asleep!
Has a soft spot for Becoming Jane, a little bit of Anne/James before switching over to
Volunteering at the cat shelter on Sundays is just about the most rewarding thing ever.
Just wanted to wish you well, have fun and be safe, uncle :)
Albert Pujols strikes out in the 9th. Brewers 3.5 games in 1st Place. Ball Game
Brand is bigger than the sum of the parts
Ha, you've got her there. So ridiculous that she would even try and pull that without telling you...
"intimate immensity" is an apt name for the indescribable collection of Larry and Susan Marx...opening tonight @ Hammer
working all the time on projects that will be released very soon! What's up tho?
Trying to understand derivatives, the Volcker rule & this big J.P. Morgan $2 billion eff-up.
Ah! Real Monsters, season one.
I'm incredibly easy to love, but tend to break hearts.
reunion Of uikend in Stephen M Ross of the school of business The Web password If you have any questions write If you :-)
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck will ne at Jefferson and Masthead Thursday for Lunch Service
#FF #FollowFriday RT : "Guys. GUYS. Guys. Guys. GUYS." - me parenting
thanks for following
Hello World!
Happy Birthday , i love you
Sometimes i amaze...Sometimes i dissapoint ..
Staying in Lexington, Virginia tonight. It is indeed the cutest little town ever! They still have a peeble's
quote of the day: "The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it."
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Lets Go Party ! 😝 Hell Yah
": lol tell that to fleetwood Mac" Does anyone have Fleetwood's number? Or at least an email address?!
RT : The California Primary is in 3 weeks and I have seen ONE, yes only one, Romney bumber sticker LOL
Prefinished Brazilian Walnut-Ipe 3/4" x 3" in-stock, Natural dark brownish black tones-extremely durable.
well i arrive just in time for MAndy to get himself 2 match points. all the fun - none of the angst! er, he better take one of them...
Lucky teacher!
It was good to part of the discussion w/ the tech community on navigating Annapolis. BTW, I have thicker skin!
RT : Nurture your Relationships. When people feel they know & trust who u are, they'll invest in your brand every time.
Thanks for getting your banners!
Aftermath, Blood Feast, Dead Alive and TCM2.
why do so many people suck today??? LOL Ah, can't wait to get home and be a FUCR, literally a FUCR, lol -google it!
I knew would never let us down
Stop being so damn dramatic, queen.
I want to be alone.
RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust Announces 14% Gain in Operating FFO for ... - MarketWatch (press release)
We will be speaking loud about it; we will not stand for being blamed for mistakes made by donors says Pires from
“: I only get drunk on days that end in Y.”
Happy 1 yr anniversary to Thank you for all you do to promote safe school environments for our students.
RT : Welcome everyone to #Savannah for the Rock N Roll Marathon! Good luck for a safe race!
It blows my mind that this is even a discussion, along with contraception and abortion.
Smiling n my face wit dem 2 dirty ass golds
I don't care what says, you're alright in y book
Somebody let me know who wins..
#NP Higher- :] This somg never gets old!
... you do that it'll be fun time lol...
yea man, to touch another life is why i do this. im happy we could help you through.
The Adobe MAX show is from October 3rd to 5th. Lots of new and exciting opportunities to learn new cutting edge technology.
Thankful for business travel reps since my 1st attempt at flying was cancelled. Not ok at 5am
8 days of school left. Summer, Where you at?
Fell asleep in the bathtub.... Again....
Who's using pay per view model for electronic journal articles? With which vendors?
Swag... Swag... Swag. Youngins, that's the best you got?
"Do the thing you fear, and the death of fear is certain." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
if we were lying on a beach together, DONE!
High at work 😳 ugh.
Newt Gingrich on Hannity last night. Republicans can't win the White House by blasting away at each other! Newt makes good sense!
my fav. weather I need 2 be were u at but um check out my boy Gutta J Nino Brown on youtube
there are places where you can buy manic panic in england.
Who's going to Bamboozle!
"Goodbye Mr. Potato Chips"
do you think it will be bigger than Vinny and Chachis workshop?
Hope to see you there Steve! RT : I try to go to #BizExpo even those years when I forget to pre-register...
jcwesterwear.com has all you western wear need HUGE SALE,,shop in stores or on line
Totally! I was literally yelling at the screen, "You did *not just do that!!!"
Finally a day to sleep in, now waking up to some strawberry pancakes! #happysunday :)
who cares
yep. Big reason why bynum didn't get a flagrant when he pulled McGee to the floor
I'm a student of history, not a professor.
Let's Talk Cake! Baby Shower Cake, Birthday Cake, Wedding Cake any kind of cake =)
Worst damn week EVER
"There's a lot of conversation between "How's your day going?" and "Can we get together?"...Can your SPOUSE get in that chat with you?" ~KB
Finally Man vs Wild has another season on Netflix!
Bored ass fuck, watching a movie in class -.- this bell needs to ring!!
silent night is just freakin beautiful.
Good win tonight team! Lets get another one tomorrow!!!
Hood morning Queen
Bring on those questions!
oh ok lol
I wonder how many " #480Bridge " references we'll see on Twitter after the #Browns picks tonight?? LOL
And apparently in some sections women just start stripping and changing in the middle of the room!
He obviously doesn't have the discerning eye that you do....~grin~
thanks so much for the follow! If you are in the market for a new mattress or any sort of furniture please let us know!
Love that vanity. I have never seen one like it.
I dig it q/t with a boo is always great & needed
Best thing I've heard all night. xD
Then you are in luck, because they are changing the pages design to Timeline so it will be what you are used to
A key to #leadership is to duplicate other’s strengths, not just your own. SeanLetwat
lmao yea its not my fault psh don't pretend you didn't mistake it once either:P
Written in HTML/CSS w/ Markdown + Dropbox, and compatible with , I present to you my official site/blog (Not here yet due to IE)
In memory of all those lost one year ago today in the Japan earthquake & tsunami. Sending thoughts & prayers to the survivors.
RIP frank white
stop dm'ing me.that shit I. Cant even see it!!!!
He is attractive.
What's a dawg pound? Lol
RT - Happy World IA Day, everyone! Please tweet a hello and mention where you're celebrating. #wiad cc/
Don't miss Zara's Acting For Film workshop at SOURCE on Monday!! It's gonna be cool.
thanks! Good luck to you too! See ya after the madness 😱
: You people love making crap up don't you.
and she's in!
making a banging track is one thing. technology has gotten to the point that ppl can keep stuff in tune.
Glad to see your tweet about Electric Cars. we are currently documenting youth building and racing electric cars!
hilarious! Bet u got every play memorized...lol
I always imagine being that 6th grader when I shoot hoops alone. My fadeaway is silk.
You Should Have It Would Have Been Sexy , I Would Have But I Wasnt For Sure If I'd Was You :/
Speaking of ant-eating fungi, wants to start Friday Night Write again, but this may interfere w/FNM.
Exactly! I just hope he is ok. I would fucking lose it if he's gone.
New York Giants coach Tom Coughlin will be doing a special talkback this Thursday, March 10, immediately following the performance!
Goodnight y'all! Know that we are ALL beautifully and wonderfully made in the eyes of The Lord and He will nvr love u anymore or any less!
I feel like you dream about that a lot.
<3 it girl, you be rocking it hah ;) xox
you got it!
Yours, too!
#smbmad food has kicked up a notch. Bagels and lox? -awesome
Shooting a spoof on #ABDC tomorrow! Mario Lopez get ready.
I have some of those on last names on the one I have....starting from antuman faal though...
#KINETIKLIFE all day every day....get ready for the big things comin your way soon!
Just added you. Thanks!
He also attempted to turn up the tv with that darn imaginary remote....
Fest it up!
Happy 185th Birthday to the B&O Railroad! Half price admission all day 11am-4pm!
Knicks/Rangers/Mets....FAIL
should all follow ;) because he's a HUGE fan <3
is my life, my world, the reason i smile, lights up my days.. well 1D is my ONE THING ♥
Two more hours to vote for Ross! New leadership for a safe SF. Endorsed by current sheriff, democrats and bay guardian. Vote now!
ladie on man on fire was slappin people like duck duck goose lmbao my dad dumb haha
have a blast. i'll live vicariously thru the other Cindy :)
Abby and for Mikey ! (:
that was hilarious lol
Well, that settles it: Mr Know It All was definitely written about Obama.
bad gateway the fuck
But needs a win. You couldn't go easy on him?
Totally. I'm feeling all growed up right now.
ah, gotcha. gracias. been like 3 months.
Every tv show / movie I like come on ween I'm not at home. , .
babe I wuvv you 🌟
They're not THAT good, correct. But they ARE different. And that counts for a lot.
#Brewers need a SS much more badly than corner infield.
Those mornings when you wake up and feel like you can take over the world! >>
YAY!!! Can't wait to see you again in #Lexington Saturday!
Spent so much time at the Convention Center last week that I keep putting my hands under the faucet expecting it to automatically turn on.
Between the horrid etiquette of the 911GZM and the human remains exploitation of the Sept11Muse, very disappointed in NY right now.
Raiding a frat party is the best offer of procrastination I've received all day. Think this catalog essay can wait?
Hey , you have a minute for a quick question? If so, could you please DM me? Thanks
Why is "Muppet" suddenly a slur? I think Miss Piggy should open a can of "hi-YA" on those Goldman bastards.
Who's coming to our show Dec 18th at Olies Point? :)
thank you
I would take you in a heartbeat if you wanted to go but the flight is long and horrible to get there but my family would love you
I like that our paint continues to weather and peel in respective poses.
Congratulations on announcing your run for congress - COURAGE LEADS!
Just got off work, cash flow !
Radio Times poll provokes online battle for Baftas - The Guardian
Who's going to #expowest? Come by the Nana's booth and say hi! Lot's of goodies to try =)
Reruns of scrubs and 2 and a half men
Where r u?
Happy Valentines Day!! :)
There were two javascript choices in the humansnotbots settings. Went with the default, now I'm good.
lol sure. Want a postcard too?
I am very sorry. Sending you hugs.
Bitches I hate them so much..
Don't comment until you know all the facts/have the whole story (i.e. Ashton Kutcher's comment re: Jo Pa).
#TweetAndEat Bloggers should check out Google Trends and Google Insights. So many amazing free tools!
Really? That's good to know I hope the interview generates more followers for both of us. New friends to be found!
“I came to see in my time at IBM that culture isn’t just one aspect of the game-it is the game.” Lou Gerstner, former President & CEO of IBM
Lack of money breeds creativity.
Thanks a nice mix of style. Do you make it Arlington much? Been to Northside Social?
So...where exactly did Cotton Eye Joe come from and go to? Has anyone figured that out yet or are we all just done caring about it?
Switching between #Oscars2012 and the nba all star game. Difference in ads is striking.
MSNBC is reporting that Susan G. Komen for the Cure has reversed its decision and will continue funding Planned Parenthood.
While tweeting? “ I just did something I curse at Thais for doing. I took a shortcut down a sidewalk on my motorcycle.”
I feel bad for the people who let that one good one get away..... now a days true love is just about impossible to find.
Thanks for the RT. #BillCosby certainly knows a thing or two :)
and pretty much 30+ more, i love going to concerts (:
one week of school down and i am sick.
Sorry - walkjogrun.net!
that awkward moment when I don't "like like" you... at all... sorry...
Who is coming out Mulligan's Cordova tonight? Music starts up around 9:30 - see you there!
So far so good. Life's life. (; Thanks. :)
Oh hell no!! RT But its just the stupid Rose Bowl
no I'm not choosing. I love and care about both of you two. I'd rather stop playing lacrosse than chose between u guys
Juggernaut has beats!
met a few chicks that really enjoy the game watched it for years n didn't play.....but then again they older
Each candidate is tested on a computer software program with the purpose of assessing their proficiency on tasks required for the position.
A new season is about to begin! 'DOUBT: A parable' will begin September 30th and run through October 9th, Mark your calenders!
first BlackBoard reference of the morning.
25 players have hit 25+ HRs but no one team dominates - 5 teams have 2 players who've hit that many.
totally agree Mr Bouris [hunk of spunk u r] !
I want too
You love Poe.
You know you're too close when....
Tell her I got my MRS degree, lol. Had one year left, then I ran off and got married. 👫
Building focus groups for a large brand research project. Coordinating people's time might be the hardest part of branding ;-)
Thanks so much Michael! :)
is just waiting on fruit flavored to come out
Love my new belt.... It's a restraint I stole from the asylum
slider by Patrick Robinson is sneaky good. Life of a ball player on the cape for the summer
I read about it about an hour ago; it's starting to burn on the net.
y so u want me to follow if ur not even following me u said follow back and I dud
Rest in Peace Richard Hamilton!
It's easier to smile than frown, let's fuck?;D <3
I've never listened to them before but I'll check them out soon
Get them rings ladies :(
People hold onto the past because they fear nothing that great will ever happen to them again.
Having access Justin Beiber's fan mail would probably be like having access to the government's child pornography database.
Yep, I wrote it with you guys in mind ;)
Thank you for following me Josh <3
Know anything about a Bay Shore Ave (not Blvd) in SF? I see enough directory references to think they might not be errors, but ?
We are so happy to hear that you enjoyed your dinner! Come back for Happy Hour!
Don’t let someone else’s opinion of you become your reality. -Les Brown
where you watching at?
it's 9:19 am here and i could really go for a bbq rib. is that weird?
I always forget to download Pages on my iPad 😒
Got q little excited. Saw a guy who looked like Ronnie. I almost died a little.
Obama Admin Leadership theme: draw big salary but know nothing and blame subordinates. "The Buck stopped THERE." It's consistent. Watch 'em.
Watching a great NatGeo documentary about White House photographers on Netflix. Really interesting stuff.
I wish!
#needinears some of us don't get #headphns on stage like Ambrose RT : You always talking about ur voice...
I did
Got to listen to the entire album yesterday and it sounds great! Can't wait for the official release.
Erm, for whatever i said xx can't remember now xx
Treating at East Side Studio, I feel relaxed and excited! It could be the soft, quiet rooms. It could also be the choo-choo train.
hey. I've been writing George & he told me to tell you hello!!
for sure. haha
By not reaching the bigger points, 9th Cir. has given SCOTUS little to go off of.
Looking for an Olympic connection with Skype...Any suggestions?
Checked in w friends in Hawaii. They are bracing for possible impact from #Tsunami and wide spread power outages.
Better capitalize. Need points.
I turn within for guidance and receive it immediately.
Met a pretty girl And I wanted to make her mine.
Steelers are home week 2 and 3 and away week 4. thats all i got for you right now
are you girls at the general store?
I would like to put together a photo book of my paintings. Does anyone know someone who can do it inexpensively?
Sorry to hear of the loss of your friend. *hugs*
“Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.”
hangs drywall. I'm sure he knows nothing utorrents. I don't hang drywall and I have no clue as well. :)
this is probably a weird question, but what's the shade of your hair color called? I love it and want to go red eventually.:P
Zilyen does some really great promotional creative too!
Available now Erase E 'Good Living' get it now in iTunes and cd baby...
Staying out late on a Sunday for live. Milwaukee's Sunday concert crowd is worth it. Man ponies and all.
She played the strongest game !
"Together, & provide an outline of 8 years of educating for innovation." in Creating Innovators
Probably not. :) My fiancé just started his MFA program in Fall 2009. Just moved in the summer from NY.
Great day organizing #business. New Partnership with great #MUA coming soon great new and different projects... Good night!
Greenwood resident Mary Harris - owner of The Fiber Gallery - wins 1st night of Jeopardy, but loses 2nd; has "great fun."...
Turn on my car and "MAINT REQD" starts flashing. If I close my eyes, it's fixed, right?
Great night at with We #drankourfacesoff while watching the nucks win and take over first place.
high grade
Who's ready for #brewers opening day? #superfans sure are!
my sisters are saying that nutella is the worst thing in the world now im mad at them !!
Yeah it's pretty good. Not amazing but definitely worth a listen.
what's fucking lame about fuck? ;D
Um, I'm more than slightly jealous....
that would be great😍
Congratulations to on making it to the #NHL Playoffs for the first time in over 10 years!
#black #friday www.inlinewaiting.com
Thanks guys! I had a great time this morning.
hey you are on the list
Gave him a piece of my mind that felt good
Who are the broncos taking with the #2 pick?
I did see that. I'm sorry. :/
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 63
Reggie Evans, two huge buckets in that 4th Quarter Clips run...which begs the question: "Do you wish you still played for the Raptors?"
RT (via ): Alcohol: Because no great story ever started with someone eating salad.
Umm well we're no millionaires so I'm off to dream about how it would of been if we would of won!!! Good-night & have rich dreams.
Cafe virus is vampire lounge sexy. Love itch on the stereo. Dark and dark red. Casey chisholm is setting up to start off our night.
I should be drinking by now
Thanks for the quick reply!
you jerk face.
Well... you know how those ravaging hoards of Morten Lauridsen fans can be.
Learned today Charles Mingus wrote Goodbye Pork Pie Hat, a favorite as my second marriage was ending. I still like Ernie Watts's cover best.
I #Love when 6pm hits! Work day was WONDERFUL today
okc or san antonio are my only hopes to keep lebron ringless since my bulls lost rose i need you guys on point
maybe it has something to do with air pressure?
welcome and can u do me a high favor by following
Smokers. Gross!
I try not to think that because it really doesn't! :)
Actually I've heard the band in that picture and they are terrible.
You neglected to mention that we were celebrating your one year anniversary with us. needs more than croissants.
From Jay Leno - as soon as George Steinbrenner made it to heaven he fired God and told Jesus to lose the beard.
In honor of the awesome season finale of #parksandrec, everything I say tonight will be sung, a la Jean Ralphio.
Never let any negative person change your direction in life, either keep going...or turn on your hazard lights and let them pass by!
Hope this doesn't seem like a strange question for you, BUT: Do you know of good alternatives to #StateFarm?
you should think of making a dairy free almond ice cream :)
Because they all know they got handed a win by the league.
Lunch time where the FukuBurger? lol:p
Volkswagen Eos: 2001 Volkswagen Golf Reviews
job change fear #2: I won't find something I am good at - what if I hate the new job?
Just fell asleep for over an hour. I am the worst road trip buddy ever.
good stuff
ugh I want some effin cherry crisp lol
I just think this highlights the neat thing about books: 2 ppl can read the same book & have wildly different reactions.
Everytime I see you, my heart drops 50 stories..<3
Having been an opera singer I'm used to musical repetition in my head, but that fucking MacArthur Park is driving me nuts AAAAARGH!
Completed the capital 10k with my wife and son in the stroller this year and managed to find just about ever potty along the way. So slow.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?-Sun Tzu
Im always yelling im hungry. Smh.
Chuck talking about there are too many fat asses out there,he forgot to look in the mirror.weight watcher evidently ain't wking for him lol
NO YOU DON'T
Close Encounters of the Pie Kind #changemovietitleswithpie or Lost in Pie
lolol curly headed fuck.. U didnt call me fuck boy and i just got to class text me
"you cannot weigh love in a balance; you cannot measure moral values; neither can you estimate the quality of spiritual worship."
Rage practice tomorrow, 5:30pm at Hickory Park in South Milwaukee. Yes outdoors and yes it's padded. Check website for directions.
OK. The market is back in the green. I am sure that the guys are hard at work to make it so.
that's awesome! Good luck!!!!
i'm done playing the games you have me playing.. i see the game and i will beat it... im ahead of you. i will over come
You know what sucks about having my name be ... I get "mentioned" on accident ALL THE TIME!
Nah fuck that, Butters ftw! C:
This right here is a panty dropper performing tonight
I had it on constant spin backstage at turner yesterday. Doing the same today
#NowFollowing !!!! A real big #cheesehead ..!! U the man ..!! Haircut on me when u in the Milwaukee
if you love happy hour you would also LOVE bartab!!
: RT : I like Philly
Two nursery trips in for 2011 and it's not even April. Gotta love springtime at the nurseries on Long Island.
These fools im sittin by keep sayin Bernie Mack played Big Worm....he was in Friday, but hes the fake preacher not the icecream man
You're right. That makes it totally worth dealing with the app store policies.
Thank You! Happy Easter <3
If the Rams get Michael Floyd at 14 that's a huge win for them.
RT : "Don't let someone who gave up on their dreams talk you out of going after yours"
Foolish! That's 8 letters. Illegal.
Not a single student in the room on MySpace. Only two on Twitter. "It's just really annoying," said one student. "We don't care."
I LOVE YOU
whoa down kitty! lol cool it
Hanging out with tonight in DC!! :)
Thanks and - Collaboration is key!
LOL!! Good one
omg me either the food in my school is nasty
Me, too!
ThinkMakeDigital very interested in folks' thoughts on #c21nonhuman tweet space mixed w/conf space.You are encouraged to share thoughts.
Blue Plate Special: Chicken fried steak sandwich, side salad and a drink only $10! You betta believe dat!
aww thanks so much! Right back at you! :-D
I JUST REALIZED. omg.
Ohh cool, what are you listening to?(:
Alright #osu Let's do this
Follow me please guys and I follow you I promise!
Ok, ok, WHEN you do something awesome! Tmrw is way too early. I need like 2 months to get prepped for the Slacker amt of awesome.
ate my weight in yoghurtland that shit is the shizzle. now feel like a small pie about to explode arhhhh
I agree. Strings are very important. Especially for slapping and popping. The ones in the solo video are somewhat new...
AMAZING season finale! Totally did not see that coming. Made me cry. :) Can't wait for next season. Thank you!
- Love the new Hollywood "sad core" sound and the masterful re-invention of Lizzy Grant. Brilliant!
Imagine facing eviction or domestic violence without a lawyer... connects families to that help.
I can 100% guarantee you that we are not paying them. You are.
thats how i feel right now
Very interesting discuss on keeping your CDR low at #sfsnacubo. Outreach, education, accountability--even before borrowing.
because I totally do that
That's a pretty strong statement.
WHAT DID TWIST MAGAZINE SAY ABOUT GREYSON?!?! This is what happens when im off Twitter..
Just hit 12.4k tweets :D
Good Morning Crew Fans, Brewers traded for K-Rod
That's true!
R.I.P 2 MY CONDOLENCES GOES OUT 2 AND CALI SWAG DISTRIC FAMILY.M-BONE KILLED! DAMN THATS CRAZY.VIOLENCE! SMH! :(
Oh! I'd rather be sippin' with our #winemister too: :D
It's absolutely beautiful outside! #SpringHasSprung :)
I never gave the #Broncos a chance. I feel like I need to go repent right now or something.
haha that video was funny as fuck
Teaching is not a vital function, because they are not an end in itself, the vital function is to learn.
Apparently Apple made some sort of announcement today, but iDon�tcare
Can you forward the citation? I've been working on something about the Yazoo Scandal.
Who is God in your life...
About to watch the Hunger Games
It's time we start producing Men with relavant voices for the community we don't need anymore scared 5 fld leaders!
I shall dm you my new number!
God help me :S
!!! RT : If its one thing that I can't stand is a fuckin two faced person!
I think mcmillian will be able to compete for a starting job soon and do a good job at it. Seems will contribute anyway possible
Home with a sick child. Crossing my fingers for something that will not race through the family this time.
It's possible I got my own hashtag wrong. Oops. #shehechat at 8pm CST. Join us if you dare!
that tweet was white
how serious do you think Iran is taking us...or do you think Isreal has everybody second guessing
Absolutely. Thanks man, it is a take no prisoners kind of mentality on this pres. Doin work
Now 48 hrs with no power. Energy co. Promising by Sept. 3. Going thru fridge n tossing n making a list of food damage. Smells yummy. Not.
Cause the man from Mars is thru with cars he's eating bars yeah wall to wall door to door hall to hall He's gonna eat 'em all Rapture
hey u fine young thang lol
NYC... We love you! Thanks for 2 great shows.. Well b back for all of u that missed it!!
Discovery of Cairo Genizah (collection of Jewish manuscripts) a "suspense thriller"
Authorities believe shooting case Roger Clemens lawyer claimed steroids evidence was likely caused by UN.
Nilges - ContentDM is bundled with Worldcat subscriptions for small libraries
I always hated when my scars started to fade, because as long as I could still see them, I knew why I was hurtinq.
My word that was a strike.
I like that part of the Goyte song when he sings like a woman. So basically I like the whole song.
Think it also helps he has practical experience recruiting these Midwest towns and players.
