very true! RT : Don't waste our time trying to get people to love us. Spend our time with those who already do.. ~
Classes have started and everything is in full swing. Smiling faces - both familiar and new. It's sunny. Life is good at Randolph!
I am pretty sure I am fond of the people who speak parables, but I am discovering that I think in juxtapositions.
Oh, I know. Just trying to get under your skin.
All will be forgiven!
It seems to hang and not let me add in the activities area. I can never add anything in there. Do what you suggested did not work
u r silly
Yea! Love me some Cougar Town! ": New episodes starting this Tuesday, Feb 14th, 8:30pm. SPREAD. THE. WORD. Word."
last night of going out to house/electronic music for a while. just as it was growing on me
I really wanted to see ProjectX tonight 😔
Had a great dinner w great friends tonight.
thanks for following us!
Last trip to SFO for awhile.
We belong together (Mariah Carey voice)
I just pissed all over the Pizza toilet seat. I ain't got
Bush jinxes Rangers. Again.
Welcome. The Twitterverse needs you here.
YEE! (: Please I would love to be apart of this
Look at you Politically active Vermonsters!!
Twitter's messing with me
Put god first and everything thing else will come into place.
Minimum or maximum age?
An awesome week of phone calls, texts, emails and international Skype calls, signifying...time will tell.
lol it's good; I'm straight. Thanks :)
Only 4 days until we start the adventure... 8 different countries with backpacks, railpasses, and cameras in tow... Europe here we come!
DC bound to see my suessical !
Getting ready to do a final grading push. Soundtrack suggestions?
It's only a "bad" thing because: 1) they push the idea that friends are important in buying decisions when often it's not.
I heard it it's beat
You're a real mcasshole
I'm trapped in a Wendy's while it's monsooning outside. Awesome.
The opposite of happiness is not sadness, I believe the opposite of happiness is BOREDOM!
The more you try to deny your feelings the more they show. The more you try to deny then the more they grow.
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!
#livin Oh Yeah baby!
Heading out to the Tournament, #FF ,
Took down exhibit of Haitian metal art @ SPSfG. So happy it appealed to students, parents, teachers, & maintenance staff. Thx !
I'd be proud to say I was from #Nashville -- cool place
Feeling grateful to live in an age of powerful antibiotics. Pneumonia sucks.
Imagine you are in a hot wet sauna, have a hot hair dryer blowing on you, & you are sitting on a heating pad. That's today in Raleigh.
give it up for nick cuz now heez wunadem "college graduate"
"Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible." - St. Francis of Assisi
Just by talking 2 u I know ur stronger :-) ur Totally Rite.
One more to 2600 followers! RT to interested persons, b/c even the twitterverse deserves unbiased facts.
oh cool! where at? i'm from right outside of denver, excited for my annual summer trip home in july :)
Thanks dude!
do the hawks have the chance to sign Ilgauskas?
ha oops! Read that wrong. But I feel that! He been telling me about that. If y'all good file or whatever to videos hit me
I'm not surprised. buddy doesn't trade. he doesn't draft wrs or ol early. and they need an upgrade.
My mom is the bees knees, please pray that she'll have a safe surgery!
": “: daayyyyuuummm” It be like that sometimes." I understand that
Learning how to navigate the Galaxy
25 more follows too 700, bring it on twitter!
Went to The Wilderness Resort in Wisconsin Dells over the weekend with familyy. Jeez, was that a crazyy trip!!
Damn, you were full. :(
thank you for the RT! :)
I'm creeping you
prepared to give two speeches today and I wake up with laryngitis
Last Build Day this Saturday. Sign Ups will be very limited!!!!!!! Only 60 spots available!!! Sign Up today at the meeting!!!
screen casting is hard work!
loving the incremental design+feature updates on flow. defaulting the due date to today for items in day view? awesome. nice work !
...Hilary's name is in the news now but only related to certain policy issues, this would give her time to put herself back in the game..
time to add more servers (wish wish)
Attention male singers. OCB has a couple of open spots for tonight & tomorrow. Email . Spread word to your friends.
Moonstruck Halloween truffles- Frankenstein, eyeballs, pumpkins and more! See you soon
Everyone asks me what I'm going to do. Am I leaving? Am I staying? When? Which do you like better?
Purchase tivo! Great TV is born from great opportunity
Thanks! deserves all the credit; we're just happy we got to work with them.
I need to jumstart this website so please help! I will help you and you can help me. I am offering FREE Advertising for the 1st4 grub joints
re-job and all systems go.
we need to hang out soon! during the week maybe. i feel like were losing touch :(
THEY DELIVER AND CATERING AVAILABLE FOR ALL YOUR SPECIAL OCCASIONS 585- 340- 6100 MUST TRY IT!!!!!!! ALL FOODS GO C 4 YOURSELF!!
Recommended: Rich Hawk's oil and patina on copper at L Street. Striking.
Us too!
I was starting to give you the benefit of the doubt , smh!
#3WordsForYou... you have problems
"Suh is a weird guy. You ever listen to his interviews? He sounds like Marv if he was a football player."
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "I better get this call--it's my husband."
Thanks so much for the RT! By the way, your Twitter background is the best I've seen.
“ I can't stand no #deadbeat ass father ... Take care of your kids!!!”
: Interesting thing is each URL will have it's own mobile region so you can set a block for responsive, mobile view.
#BOYFRIEND IS AMAZING OMBBBBBBB!!!!! AH I HAVE IT FOREVER ON REPLAY! <3
"arrogate". Hm. Interesting. I like the word "jidiot". Cross between a jackass & and idiot . . . mwah. Bev
Round two at Cathedral Square today for the Farmer's Market. Chorizo or veggie breakfast burritos until 11:00am. Yummy!
Check us out this june at the Orlando beauty show!
Something unlocked tonight... Ready or Not, Here I AM...
They did more than that. :) Book is in the works.
It’s so funny how i just don’t care
I didn't listen today, my bad if you already said something similar. It's hard to tweet w/ you radio guys- you cover so much.
#whosgonnalose - Super Bowl 44 - Fricke: Saints will lose / Landry: Colts will lose / Team vote: 3-2 Colts will lose
you are welcome!
I've literally spent every night in London shaking bc of the cold
Don't you just love when you're recording numbers in Google Analytics for different metrics, and forget to change the date range...... yay!
Govt keeps US military close, China's closer - Bangkok Post
and I can't tell u how much I rly appreciate ur constant support!! I'm happy we keep helping each other! :)
Isn't everyone a journalist, now? ;-)
Have we really not progressed beyond the vuvuzela? Really?
Registries: the lower the barriers, the more bad information can get in; YouTube a good example (take downs for no reason)
CES is still going on this weekend. Any last thoughts or insights to share? What would your ideal Swiss Army-esque mobile device be doing?
I'm sorry. But I absolutely hate north Milwaukee.
good but now someone's mad at me and I feel really really really really bad ='(
Yep. Dixon was working out for the Ravens recently. SMH
Vegas Luck - Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will, but remember it didn't work for the rabbit. ~ just a thought
Jeff is a good dude. Have a great time in Dynamics and if you're ever in Chamblee stop by for a WOD at the BTB there!
agreed. Been thinking that's what he meant..all about distraction after distraction but never facing things perhaps
Hey, I just met you.. and this is crazy.. but here's my penis.. so suck it baby ;)
Shit's finally improving, a coworker is meeting me at the bar so now I can use the company card!! Shots for all... except the prude.
how is this possible! Go people go to our promo partners' awesomeness!
Wondering if we can use the hashtag #LLO for Library Leadership Ohio.
Oscars, zombies, little people, douchebags, gangsters oh my.
Thanks for the retweet and thanks for following
haha love you justin :)
2 Corinthians 5:17 Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation; old things have passed away; behold, all things have become new
God will never stand with you IN sin... But he will usher you THROUGH sin!!
but I'm not ground.. but I brought my extra casing for your phone!
that may scare him...but then again if he's scared of that then he may be scared of you...
that wad funny as fuck lmao
I wish I felt okay.
S/O to my Tim for being such a cool chick! #Workhard #Playhard #beautybondin'
Ha. An 'exercise ball' thankyouvermuch. (But one that, yes, I hope will get me through the birthing process). Helps the hips!
Happy Holidays from Pink Banana Theatre!
About to take Business Majors into a 5 week journey on the knowledge of God. 3-5 sec. prayers appreciated. Marketplace impact for Jesus.
at this rate grienke would have been at 168 in the 6th.
is alarmed by how much Dexter (a serial killer on a Showtime TV show for those unaware) reminds her of a guy she briefly dated.
Writing my first book proposal (for an edited collection of essays). Eek! Any tips out there?
Thanks for sharing. How was your food?
« had fun today. If you ever need another pa just let me know :p» aw thnx Funkbear Lol And you know I will xox(:
The final special #CD101DaySideB lounge tip coming your way at 3:35p for a chance to win box seats!!!!
. that was my twin gravey, im ravey!
It may be better as a book for some of your corporate clients but it was a great read nonetheless.
There can be no rainbow without a cloud and a storm
Library of the Future session is packed. So fun.
- kick the servers again - the web site is still broken!
yes I'm sorry " my fingers are to fat "
So much happening in Madison tonight for No idea how you choose just one. Also: Taxis!
Tues. Photo Flashback: The Elders at Milwaukee Irish Fest 2007 - www.theconcertstage.com/elders2007.html
Jasper has the same think brilliant diamond supply shirt as me. Except hes black
I need a swisher right about now
#1 reason why baseball is better then football:
Sometimes it's good to really look back at everything.
Good news for chocaholics! Chocolate can be a super food--but only dark, not milk or white, with a 60-80 cocoa content. And tiny pieces!
Skech Fabric Flipper or maybe an Otterbox.
Oh thank goodness my son & I in nice guestroom in a real bed under real covers.. Laughing silly together. Best mothers day!
Anybody Wanna Join?
Conditioning needs music. Hmm
Life is a Rat Race we all want the cheese..
goo goo ga ga
Tribune wine club #winetips 56: As a general rule, when serving multiple bottles of wine, pour less costly bottles before expensive ones.
You've given me reasons to smile, & good times to laugh about, but most of all you've given me memories I could never forget..:)
You need to tweet ALOT more often then you do now cause I miss your adorbale tweets! :3
Today is National Bring a Friend to FREE LUNCH at the Wesley
Make something better than before you were there<3
no kids just me and Alex. I think its the best show I've ever seen.
She ignores all the guys who want her, because she's too wrapped up in the one who doesn't.
rumors, rumors, rumors.
My apartment is soo clean thanks Elise.
I'd love to put my cake in your oven. And let it sit there. For hours..
THAT'S SO GODDAMN FAR.
I like the girl fights!!!
Catching up w/ those crazy Lannisters :)
yes disappointed. Saw those billboards two weeks ago and thought the same.
Who's playing fantasy NCAA?
Full to the brim, and I like it.
Fingers: sprained index finger
Jimmy Cabrera & Dr A ready 2 motivate students @ J.O. Kelly, Helen Tyson Middle schools & George JR HS in final round in Springdale
What NFL position would you want to play? Get the #ChevyGameTime app and answer trivia for a chance to win Chevys.
W/ all the hoopla in the media re: our troops, you'd think they had dragged the Taliban through the streets & suspended them from a bridge.
Time to go Study the word of God before bed time. Goodnight Twitter God bless.
:) I'm hoping to take some of the online classes until I can get myself set up out there again! That's my plan anyways. Haha
I know better recap this Lakers win with me.
Thanks for the mention
Scientific Agency to Drop BlackBerry for iPhone
sorry man, i didnt get it....
Nice win by the Pacers, now let's go Spurs!
followed him
Watching GCB has inspired me - in light of continued unemployment - to seek out fantastic new opportunities in Juarez, MX, the place to be.
also Friday Jason Derulo coming to the fair
Post more as I'd love to see them.
speaking at #SVBCEO event. "Hiring our first VP of HR...that's always traumatic for a company."
happy birthday
Girl you know you got the lime light the good stuff to get my mind right ~ jaywill
One of Sugarland's attorneys now accusing Allen of making inappropriate comments about the case
MEE TO!!! RT so pumped for grand opening tomorrow!
I know we are too short for basketball but El Team Peruano (don't hit the block button)
RT : My Brickell peeps - bring a cork into tonight to get 10% off!
Great Q&A today!
Thanks for the kind mentions!
I wish was banned. It's the most corrupt company around.
I'm taking the same route to the city that I did to see :') I miss it so much:(
Love watching dances that are so good they give you chills.
and So You Think You Can Dance.
I need to go back to bucas
I am pretty persuasive when it comes to #qdoba! What did you get?
fuck psychology courses and the assignments they bring on me
Indiana House Democrats end boycott over right-to-work and return to work, but make no promises they won't walk again.
Oh course I relate that to coaching. Every coach is a project manager! Manage people, manage how you speak with them and be willing to adapt
oh it's not about making money to me. It's about experience! Lol I just want to be happy. Money can't buy happiness for me.
Its non specific but consistently buffering. Thinking of dropping this part of subscription.
that's exactly right!
are you sure they weren't describing some of the politicians and "ed-deformers"? It would fit them.
Celebrations have already started in my neighborhood. Will be lucky to get any sleep this weekend.
there's another in PV shops with grand ceilings! I grew up between them and think Corinth is LESS snooty haha.
Would you rather be underpaid or overrated
Great watching former Broncos QB Jake Plummer run passing routes with NFLers & draft class out at Camp
Keep messing with Lucretia and you will soon find out what that bad bitch is really about, Ashur! #2ndviewingdone #Spartacus 8
Exhausted. I'm out.
trying…keep trying. Things are good getting clients this month and bringing Graffiti to the public
you guys are so lucky! Ahh good luck man! We will be watching!
I'm to done with school!
Live in El Paso? Don't get stuck in another traffic jam! Follow to get instant traffic updates.
Its just not the same with a different laptop..</3
what language are you speaking?
I have made 19 field day contacts! All on 10m 28.400
YOU'RE UP ALREADY?!?!? Good Morning Sunshine(: .
You never know how strong you are until bring strong is the only choice u have :)
how bout this, the bombers that builds a better snowman wins? Decided by public votes.
At the rate your trip is progressing, I might run into you at Detroit Metro on Saturday! Good luck.
I think they are Dior
PLEASE FOLLOW ME ? It's mean ALOT & I love your videos!
Recovering from what? Don't drink too much, it will kill your liver, DUH!
yea! I came home too over my spring break and you weren't there, I was crushed!
ok baekhyun and chanyeol are so cute.
Should I cut bangs in my hair probably not right
Did you know... Studies show organic food to be more nutritious. It is!
Well the kitten really looked like a rat! Sorry neighbor didnt mean to hurt your feelings.
Pen perhaps?
thank you:)
BtoBSocialMedia: 89 percent of companies note that social media will become a useful cog in their marketing mix moving forwa
U r free boi!
Our television networks practice self-censorship in avoiding the consequences of war, which makes war coverage fraudulent.
Someone teach me about hockey!!🙏
m, you run 500 miles??
You have such an awesome fashion sense!! <3 I love you in House of Anubis! You are so amazing and adorable! :)
I became a Spam eater when I was there...you could get it at McDonalds!
It's a beautiful sunny afternoon to stop along Avenue of the Fountains this afternoon for the Art on the Avenue and Farmers Market...
yes but make the title Don Peyote
What is your favorite TV show from your childhood?
Everyone is always thirsty for followers, if it matters that much to you, you should get out more.
Would love more pointers to example "intro to DH" workshops for grad students. Any thoughts?
I love when anyone tells me I am going to have to go to Bloomington. Uhm, yes please!
Whatever tomorrow brings, I'll be there.
I hate that I read our old messages, it makes me #RememberHow things used to be
Jus tryin 2 live in the now. I think sometimes we get so caught up in the future that we forget 2 just live. No 1 knos what the future hold
Awww... Cute. And C looks ok too
Give the gift that doesn't get "re-gifted" - handmade olive oil soap!
well fire is pretty ! You've never had the urge to burn something ?!
Back in the office after a surprisingly good Graph Expo show
and #natgas is hiring in the great state of MI as well!
We're sad to announce that Sweetwater Restaurant and Bar has closed. Let's support our local businesses and stop them from all closing!
Seriously. Someone text me.
haha! yes, exactly. so, by extension, studies show that you should always complain about the refs unless you want kids in therapy
Omg 4 minutes!!!
Limited room for criticl engagement and hard to challenge everyone on the bandwagon. Too distributed for a lone voice to stop?
But he might need a curling iron
How about them #USF Bulls! first half was slow, but they picked it up, they are looking good. Perhaps
omg i can't wait for the tour dates! 3rd time seeing you:)
Finally Setting up a website with bob Curtin for our production team. Stoked
can i get ur Follow back #TeenWolfs fans!!=D<3
Catch Special Guests & at 6:30pm today on 106.3FM Royal Radio New York - www.royalradio1063fm.com
got the phone back. no facebook for awhile,
u already kno..keep posted on any performances u got comin too
Not sure the context here, but what a powerful, inspiring thought. RT : Hugs for everyone
Probably not gonna tweet much on here tbh, I normally just use , so if you're actually bothered, follow me there lol
Those wearing t-shirts (and why not in this wonderful weather) seem about evenly divided between inages of MLK and Obama.
Happy birthday sweet cheeks :)
That one earned a follow. RT : Thank you vikings for taking an OL instead of a DT.
Getting into the studio this Friday to get some new tracks out for you guys! :D
don't know! Followed TK's stock recipe to the letter. Smells like feet, tastes like carrots :( Next time I'll use Cook's.
Chronic traumatic encephalopathy is a result of repeated concussions and brain trauma-and can only be diagnosed post mortem.
I live near Pittsburgh and felt the earthquake! It shook my chair a bit and moved some of the things I had hanging from my wall!
This diet wouldn't be hard if I could figure out how in the hell to eat 450g of carbs a day
Do you know any good hip-hop clubs in Frisco? Preferably ones that have local talent?
On my way to CBS for a meeting with , lunch, work, and then more work.
oohh well i dont think i know u
Oh John Stewart I love you. RT Tonight: Are Mormons weird, or is it weird that people think Mormons are weird?
hopefully in a bit. checking w/ studio
Paleo pumpkin bread. RT What was the best thing you ate this Thanksgiving?
Made the cauliflower soup with panchetta today. LOVE IT, girl you awesome!!!!
I my self wish it was last Oct. 4th again...
Has anyone else noticed that Twitter has developed a nasty habit of eating DMs?
Oh man, just reminded me how much I could go for a Patachou breakfast right now! Or anytime, really. Or all the time.
RT Anyone who says he wants to be a writer and isn’t writing, doesn’t. ERNEST HEMINGWAY
I think not! I dont think he should be given any airtime whatsoever..........
But if you live in DC, your entire life is forever thrown off by POTUS getting to know the peeps...I'd love/hate it I think
Brother-in-law always hates on A. Smith. Texted him: If you don't profess your love for #AlexSmith I will fly to Salt Lake and fight you
Subtlety might just be overrated.
Just trying to watch the Allstate game
Happy Friday everyone! The first snow is a great time to stay indoors with a good book. What are you planning to read this weekend?
On bulldog food: “[it] also boasts ‘highly digestible proteins,’ because bulldogs are the most relentless farters in the canine world.”
#TuesdayTrivia did you know hosts 2 of the largest fundraisers for AIDS in NV? Last month’s #AIDSWalk &August’s
thanks for the RT!
I know noone is going to believe this...but i asked the whole pirate or ninja question on formspring...kinda sad noone believes me
I Followed :)
hell yeah and them burgers i made
talk about running for 2 hours with a 15 second break and 120 sit ups
I thought #Twitter 101 session at #ASTDTK12 demystified the blue bird! YAY! I can tweet away!
save him!
Realignment. Some need a Chiropractor. I just need Coachella.
here for #smsportschat multi-tasking watching
movie theatre would be fun job, I worked for a while at Camelot music in concord pushing new wave bands during the mid 80's
Na Na Na Gonna Have A Goodtime Hey Hey Hey it's Fat Albert I luv that show Thanks
Attn speedy runners & shoe fanatics! The top 3 men & women finishers of the ASK 5k will win a $100 gift card to Saxon Shoes! www.askwalk.org
Highly recommend the spicy tomato chicken soup. Made for a cold rainy day.
Lmao looks like a rapist in his AVI
get the duck pizza...it's awesome.
Grades from came today. Sorry I won't need my ticket for the stress boat anymore!
She Bop is now carrying "Your Brain on Sex"! Just another reason to stop into this awesome local women-run business!
On my way to school -.
"I think he`s using the dice thing too much." -Jonah Hill "It`s really all he`s got." -Jay Baruchel
All my thoughts and prayers go out to the Anderson family for kyles recovery. I love you all.
Just Announced: Boyz II Men; The Polish Ambassador; Concha Buika; Raul Midon; Kid Ink; and Johnny Clegg. On-sale March 5th at Ticketmaster.
What about how they do things in Georgia?
my baby sister graduated high school tonight. crazy! so proud of her!!
I am going to the METRO Science Librarians SIG meeting later today
Nice. More corporate than the prototyping tool stencils. I wonder if Vision format can be converted...
#gmats, mountain biking in queens, driving Philly/NJ to start new jig with the Titans and reuniting with some friends, pretty awesome bday!
#FF Thanks for helping The Actors Fund help comedians in need! Tune in Sunday!
Dallas after hours is a whole other world..
totally normal.....
Yo Rain is mad packed tonight we getting it in in las Vegas tonight!!!!!!!!!!
About to facilitate my second live webinar on Conducting Compensation Study's at UIS sponsored by Rogers HR Consulting - 2 HRCI credits
it's a sorority thing.
I'm not sleep. Why?
Healing virtue flows from your sacred wounds again.
“ I just want to find someone who would actually love me back & treat me right.”
The nutrients found in milk, meat, and eggs vary based on what the animal ate and how it lived. Choose wisely.
My dad and step mom are so funny
What's goodie Ms.
Don't miss one of our headliners, Cloud Nothings coming up at 8:30 p.m. on the stage!
Wow! The Tix price went up from last year of only $15 for each day. Does the extra price mean we can medicate there?
Q: Will evangelicals seek to unite with the Tea Party? JG: There's already an overlap between the two.
Understandable given some of their recent success. I'll forgive them their loyalty but history supports me and the Big 10:-)
I miss it a lot!
I love mini vacations. Breakfast in Solvang then back to LA to start my new unemployed life!
missed you! hopefully next year you join us again!
African-American English
"Loose Angles they call me / Lost Angels are what we're supposed to be / Language Adversity our Street University/ ... Where is Los Angeles"
I have 3 & 3 rescues. 6 = full time poop scoop & trying to stay ahead of Oz snacking on it :o ya hear me, ?
Every fucking day
wow! Good job!
Did the news just say that Kincade was with his girlfriend when he died?
"GESUNDHEIT" doesn't literally mean "God bless you,” in German, but simply means "health."
"Focus" is a necessity for accomplishing any goal, Planning for the long haul in this Music Ministry"Business"
The world has always been full of disappointments; it's how we deal with them that makes us worthwhile.
My glasses are bugging me but for some reason one of my contacts is tinted purple so I'm giving it a break =/
dont hate on my swag
Beautiful new tile introductions at Ann Sacks at
Baby come back!
Phone lost all contacts when updating to iOS5. :( Text me with your name do I can build the library back up!
awe shucks. There's def some comp out there. Big ups to Niles and Heidi from the north. And don't cut yourself out of day loop
Leading our newscast with a sweet story and good news tonight. Ahem...
Welcome Greg..
I tried using FlexBond to line inside covers. Not recommended - it's too thick!
Is it true that there are over 500 Pre-Reg'ed for Summer Slam next week?
this is just an excuse for f#*#ING before two weeks
Bitch you ain't right, I'll cut you tf off!
Slowly getting back to a regular routine. Baby steps. Hope sxsw was wonderful! Any yoga out there??
nickelback is the most overrated band EVER
Mane tonight was that night
I been Lied To, I been Neglected!!!
In general, I'm saying. Sit and watch a council meeting. I think they deal w/too much minutiae given size of council vs. pop.
what are some of your favorite marketing books? guerilla?
that's romanesco cauliflower. Very similar to reg cauliflower.
Today's tweets are sponsored by Gretzler's Fish Skins. Gretzler's: All the skin, none of the fish!
Excellent book. It will make you want to refactor everything: your code, your closets, you name it. :)
X-ing my fingers! This is so important for the state of MD which was founded on the basis of religious freedom!
RT : "Most kids hate Nings - we have FB to do our social networking, why on earth would we use Nings?" - students
Congratulations! : I am happy to announce that I'll be joining the (fantastic) faculty at in the fall.
as the office is singularly obsessed with cake and coffee it always helps!
Thank you for visiting our #JMS481 class today!
SMAP is a japanese band. Stop spreading rumours :l.
“: The heat let chalmers shoot lakers let Blake shoot smh” << like wtf is going on
alredy ASAP rocky one of the next best things out...
I always wondered.. were you a bulls fan before meeting or after? lol or is that what brought u guys together? =)
FACEBOOK SPECIAL!! $20.00 BUCKS DELIVERS ANYTHING TILL THE 29TH (january 2011) Tell a friend!
Every Sunday night I pray that there can be more time before Monday, but it never works. What's your religion?
Hockey & sushi at the same time. Two of my favorite things.
open hardware.
Now that makes sense! It will be interesting to see how they manage w/each other
unreal man, as a fellow artist that is beauty
Sustainable and eco-sensitive businesses, like urban agriculture, will bring the city to the future today and help create hundreds of jobs.
ah I hope so<3 and sure(:
Just went paddle boarding. Yay California!
Plaid sweatpants. A double dose of cool.
He said it! "I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable." - Tupac Shakur
I just finished a 3.08 mi run with a time of 31:56 with Nike+ GPS.
Does Tweeting work? Just did!
Me too! Obsessed with stylish spectacles. Glad you liked the post!
RT : We're setting up another lounge to talk to folks which opens tonight.
Eat with Emily. Eat for free.
lol I didn't fall I threw myself
Support is magical from you, Thank You
Howard has the most beautiful canvas to work with!!!!!
thanks so much! I adore ur icon too! It's so flawless! An ur BG is amazing and cute! Oh my grande thanks so much!(c)
Someone should text me til I fall asleep
Just saw a tweet analogy go by in the feed about "cutting water with a sword"... makes me think of reputation repair work in social media.
i need good HEAD on the daily !
Just came home from a party
lol I aint know. I never seen her fight 4real
Cooking me some chilli chese fries tonight
I have a question...Why do the pandas form a circle when you enter a place?? Its really weird...
Happy Birthday!
Thank you. RT new diane kensington coming real soon
So glad to have my roomies when he going gets tough. Love you and
Woo! That ab workout is havin' me feel like Freddy Kruegerr is just stabbin' tf out my stomach!
Hey Jessie thanks for follow, I seem to meet a lot of people from Michigan
Lecturer says genetics community is ready to start using whole genome and whole exome sequencing in the clinic- already there
mann i love hot bath water
EVERYONE go follow like NOW!!!!!!!!1you wont regret it.. GO GO GO GO
when I go on my computer next, ill hook it up
"In business, the competition will bite you if you keep running; if you stand still, they will swallow you." William Knudsen Jr
Professors: if you don't want sick students around you, don't penalize their grades for being sick.
Staff called animal control to report a badger loose in the clubhouse. False alarm: Dustin Pedroia was wearing his mink stole.
yes! I'll always use them! Let me know where I can pickup, I'm down at cake this afternoon and tomorrow in mission hills.
#UKalltheway #AllCatsEverything What a beat down!
Agreed. I got goosebumps. Great tribute.
This is nuts! Calling security for the fans now! Throwin shit onthe ice.
Someone on ROHWorld said they heard from LAW that it was going to be on ROH's site. Why is it taking so long to announce?!
"Hello, Im Jealous In VA & you are? *clicking my heals wishing I culd b transported 2NYC 4 Toni Morrison reading @ B&N*
meeting with talking about with
Do you have any idea how hard it is to look for your glasses?
My Twitter is finally working!1
I hate the way James Shields throws from the stretch. It's so annoying to watch.
i'm SHOCKED that such a progressive county like UGANDA would do this. SHOCKED and DISMAYED. They still eat bugs right?
Great idea, but we can't reseal /reuse an opened box. Still trying to work around this one. Thanks for the tweet.
is a famous Latina chef! :) she is here today
New English vocab word =
hahaha Love it!
#FF Cheers to a great weekend
Heard you were in Tampa today. Wish I could have been there, heard it was great!
The weather is unfortunately delaying construction today (insert sad face)
I spent al night tossing and turning.
if you have the sniffles stay home.. i dont buy its just allergies shit.
You shoulda looked me up, Duane! Next time, I hope.
u make us happy ;)
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
Mundane Tweet of the day: I am drinking Diet Cherry Coke
I love you in a heterosexual waaaayy
Never had so much fun reviewing post-conference tweets. Great conf, great people, great speakers. Thanks and
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. ~Steve Jobs: the reason apple is awezum
Continuing to keep the entire Vandeven family in my prayers. Reminds you to Live Jesus every day and to not take it for granted
no comment lol good night Kass have a great Tuesday
hahahaha thanks for taking my call
I stay on Garden Walk
so glad you think so too. It's crazy to me that it's 2012 and we're having these discussions.
thats what i wanna know, im just gonna wear a purple shirt
Taking action may seem risky, but doing nothing is a bigger risk! --John G. Miller (Question Behind the Question)
big brother fan......lovin it
North coast acme California ipa now on draft.
and yeah! he is very respectful :p but its because hes shy and not so used to everything !
thanks for the retweet -- i worked w ken in the 90s when i was at WWF & am a Farmers Union junior grown-up
I think it will be ok
Very close to start filming.
Todays a lazy day
I need a new song for the day
last morning session featured Julie Miller on post office records, a #genealogy resource I knew little about.
Come on chris bosh
good :) & I'm on the way there right now :)
next year ;)
RT : Seriously though I unfriended you and it's taking forever to get to 200
yeah, maybe I'll spice it up a little sometime this week.
If you wanna have a bad habit, fine. But pay your bills! Ugh!! That is all.
I am sore as I don't know what
Cleveland already has a similar feature on their main site / Mayor's Action Center
only with my camera.
Ima listen to some loudass music.
thanks! we just saw your page on a RT... recipes look awesome!!
my background deserves a gasp.
Clarity is essential to success. Are you crystal clear on the actions you need to take today to get you closer to your goals?
Congrats to my neighbor on her syndicated talk radio show. She may have been syndicated for a while but I just found out!
A science is any discipline in which the fool of this generation can go beyond the point reached by the genius of the last generation.
My kids don't even watch TV on a television set but catch their shows later online. I say definitely flatscreen.
that's how I feel when I do the Jillian Michaels videos
- What said, but Mississippi Records is king.
I made my genome public w/o asking siblings/parents/children. Risk of harm is so vanishingly small. This needs a blog post!
I mean its
WAY TO GO you TWEETER extraordinar!!
Does size matter?
You've got two more hours to get down to and sample some delicious Chameleon Cold-Brew!
u wathchin raw tonight?
Took us over an hour to put that 20 second piece together, not counting planning & preparation. Video takes time.
How come it's always Cat *Ladies*? Not many shows about Cat Men.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. – Vincent van Gogh
Just realized I liked Marketing & Business Development better than doing the legal stuff; found I was good at teaching it. :)
I'm not saying like it but don't just write it off.. It's a struggle my family has to live with
#FortLauderdale book a limo for tonight, get 20% off
Darren Collison doing a great job for Pacers off the bench...picking up where he left off vs Orlando.
Chase Hackett... One Round At A Time!
sounds like a future Red Bull commercial. Red Bull: It gives you wings so you can OWN Monday mornings!
Join the conversation with us tonight during the Diana Ross show! Tweet at with hash tag #PalaceLegends!
Link mentions mobile learning seen by L&D mgr as the way forward; most can't know if preferred yet- haven't tried it.
I don't think any of us realize the greatness we see watching him.
Thanks <3. Will look into it.
you guys seriously suck. A female jock wins the Kentucky Oaks for the first time ever and nothing about it?!
Must also learn big program for Koblenz, Germany (May 28) (different stuff entirely!) Keeps me going!
My advocacy teacher is so fucking annoying...
I actually heard that too! They need to install a teleporter next
Follow me, i will follow back.
Oh, yes. Ratty, Mole, and Badger. They would be top notch for a party!
"I have to get out of bed and shower, life is hard."
Rainy day. I just wanna watch movies & snuggle 
Seriously. REGULAR movie tickets in LA are $14 a piece. Add an extra $3 for 3D and an extra $4 for new releases!
Dr. Oz's Tip of the Day: Use spices to boost your metabolism. Add mustard or cayenne pepper to a meal to help you burn up to 50 calories.
Only God Can Judge Me, I Don't Need A Jury .
good night to u to :)
no sorry he did not like it he gave it to Rayj he loves Gucci in the blue bottle & True religion
"it is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it." ~General Douglas MacArthur
That sounds great!!!
I did the journal questions because i thought it was defff easier
$5 dollar Indy Boot Camps Saturday Class 9am in Castelton/Fishers/Geist with half the proceeds going to a local Charity!!
Hey did I say he was a good player u idiot? Try reading. Harbaugh is your hero?? why not kyle Williams?? Oo wait.. haha #
even when everything around me is falling apart, you keep a smile on my face.
That's cool, maybe we'll make it out you're way on tour sometime and we can play a show
Usually i smile during our conversations because im thinking about what ima make for lunch
I wanna slap the shit outta her!!
Lets get this day started, tacos! Spurs game last night made me sick :(
haha! I saw those guys too!
Lolz...Herbal Breast Augmentation Products Studies? S Club 7 Lil Kim
He would have a brewers related name...
great problem. Looking forward to sleep tonight!
True Story. (Listen to "Nigga Please" for verification) RT Wayne took Gillie swag. Jay took Chris swag
I'm sorry, we don't.
Got it! Thanks so much. Just signed up. I'll send you an email in a few.
Of course. We not only provide people trailers and wardrobe, we let people keep them at the end of the shoot.
I probs would have passed out
,Thanks for your support for 50 Legs golf Tourny on Sun April 15
thanks! Not sure why they need it, but I wont complain.
use semen
Mark cuban will sell his soul for million dollars
Our youth is starting to change
Thanks the artists that we get to work with. Their great talents make great tunes possible!
HAHAHA oh, pedigo. i miss you and your crazy antics!
#Lakers win Ok I want #Spurs 2 face #Clippers cuz I wanna see #TonyParker & #ChrisPaul go toe to toe. West needs 2 be #Spurs if not
I just heard the worst pick-up line ever!! LOL "are those astronaut pants you're wearing, kuz ur lookn hot." I luv the attempt!
*barfs uncontrollably at Madonna being the Superbowl halftime show* WHY GOD WHY?
hey sis clean out your cob webbs and get back on twitter!!!!!
PUSSY runs the world and soon as u guys understand that the world will be a better place
Good job, Mr. President. Although I wish you'd been this decisive on single-payer health care as well. #4moreyears?
also cmng up Sun for game hvnt been up yet this yr but heard tailgtng times changed can u fill me in?
If you haven't heard it yet Listen to Ms. Frankie Rose's - Interstellar! One of the best albums i've heard in awhile :)
Most amazing last long run before next wkend!
The only subway ads that make me cringe more than "BAM, and then it hits you"? The "thank you, doctor Zizmor!" ones.
Need to go shopping ... /:
Hilton Head airport's motto: "Just because we're small doesn't mean we don't take our security processes seriously!" or something like that
Straight Up Hustler 02
LOVE AFTER WAR !!! - Zaona
Ah, once again, the Government steals another hour from us...when will we get it back this year? Time to move to Arizona...
such a great night! Next time..
I've decided on bike rides for now. the old knees can't always take the running. but yeah. i should get back "on track" (get it?)
wow, that shit's crazy
Get any projects done over this weekend? Maybe some cleaning? Spending great time with family and/or friends?
Sometimes I miss certain people who use to be a part of my life.
Many happy returns of the day! (A mimosa is a good way to start!)
RT : Happy Birthday to a near and dear friend I'm so grateful for friends like her in my life!
your twitter has been hacked. BTW, people are always saying horrible things about me.
"do what thou wilt" Paul said "everything is permissable, but not beneficial or good for you"
Kick off the long weekend with one of our $3 craft beers and our NEW summer menu! (I highly recommend the Southwestern Chicken Salad)
If John is there, tell him I said "yo."
what is YouTube? #jk :-P
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THOSE BORN ON THIS DAY! For someones birthday only being celebrated every 4 years, it's the best we can do...
Gonna live-tweet tomorrow's Super Bowl game! So pumped for all the antics!
forbidden to follow you :c but it was great hanging out with you tonight! Cam, Zach, and Brent are bisexuals! Remember that!
that sounds lovely! We're so happy to hear that you are enjoying your time.
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/10/2012 and was under her calorie goal
How's it going? welcome to twitter
Do people know who he is? More than The Daily Show guys?
Now will have to really hide ;) 2 compliments will be too much!!!
tell me more. is there a link?
At least it's a healthy addiction. ;)
if this facebook IPO pops tomorrow more than 10%, i'm going to kick myself for not buying these 100 shares :-/
Enjoying the sun, but not the cold
Can't publish it till tomorrow hopefully. We also still have to do your about page.
We are starting to plan our tour, we need you guys to give us locations you want us to come! Tweet us or Facebook us!
no kings island for me today...tired of this shit
Happy New Year to you too!
That's why I started painting baseballs, to hold this perfect little replica in your hand
Thanks for the follow! I'm following you too. :) Have a great night
Sauli took his sunglasses off and we got to see his beautiful eyes
i def will! hows the other nicole been? do you guys still talk!
Energized my batteries on Monster & Rudy's breakfast tacos to start day 3 of #SXSW film Fest. Movie #8 will be "Eden" at the State Theater.
Congrats to on the Expo Line opening today. Plenty of folks said rail transit in LA wouldn't work, but here we are!
Ontuitive - formerly LearningGuide - is following #performancesupport so follow us!
Going hard I see. lOl!
Exactly what I was going for.
The Regular Show >>
She shoots, she SCORES! RT : Picking up a pair of sweet Bucks Tickets today for the raffle!
Supercool ! Happy belated Mother's Day !
i know - im excited and scared for 's opening :) are you gonna go soon or wait it out?
Paul Cezanne-A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art.
still waiting for u to come and get me so we can go antique shopping LOL!!!
The previous tweet
Having a bit of a panic attack right now. Not sure how to deal with this.
Impress the pants off me, u know.
#FavoriteNBAMoments when realized he didn't have a fourth quarter to lead the #Cavs to victory.
Palin was wrong! Newt is not the front-runner! Romney is by a 5 delegate count! Palin should do her homework!
we're tweeting. I always wanted to find my long lost twin! :-)
Oh Loe, I know you didn't like that we traded for K-Rod, but come on....
On the can, then of to eat with Geoff then some bowling what?
hope all is well sweetie :)
aw ok, it all makes sense now...
yes mommy xD
infinitum est aeternum
it's going ok im chillin at work now tired as hell....u about to move out the dorms...when we going to kick it
Talk that talk too me yeah ! ;p
I hear they rehired Coach K
thanks much! have you heard of Nextdoor before? I love AI
passing the blunts around with , watching some movies
Stuck in flight delay loop. 4:30 flight now 6:15... Something about a mechanic and broken solenoid on the thingamajig-crossScript-actuator.
Smoke Session with the SBro ~_~
there so much promise and optimism 2 years ago..wth happened. ?
Am I really about to watch the season finale of SMASH? Yes, yes, indeed I am.
Happy birthday Kenny
I want to play😏😏
I appreciate the valiant effort my battery powered toothbrush makes as it's dying.
finds the best stuff.
wheatgrass shot in boca tastes really sweet in comparison 2 nyc... what is that about? more sun?
My Mom and I got to choose what we do this afternoon before the party and we chose the Market downtown! Our fav :)
Like REALLY light golden brown maybe. :D. and DO IT.
I'm running out of fingers though! RT : it sure does! PLUS, I live for the nail biters! :)
I'm not supposed to like The Avengers. I'm totally gay.
o that's wassup missed me I know lol Jk
You're your problem, but you're also your solution.
Fck all you cheap ass black people that go out to eat at restaurants and tip only $5 or less than 18% on any amount over $30. Bastards.
you know what happen with Lila and Ziggy accounts?
it sure should
i cant see it my internet isnt working but im so nervous you make this sound so scary!
Gotta love that radical Yahshua!
That song hot problems just get stuck in your head. Hot girls we have problems to we're just like you except we're hot.
Painting to santana only way to be productive
don't do it. Fare hike on July 1.
ever get into punkska? Check out from Eugene and Goddam dig it.
I feel special though
Looks like it's gonna be Romney . . or, to put it another way, "And then there were None."
Good luck! We are going to give away furniture once a month or 1nce every 2 weeks. We have quite a few people signed up for this!
Definitely going back on a diet, idc anymore .. I'm too stressed so I eat like crazy o_O
you guys are obsessed with bdubs. Losers. You don't even eat the food! I do.
Good morning everyone I have not been on for a long time WOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOW ?!?!?!?!?
Good question
": Upon A Burning Body :>" ohh look who likes them now c;
Following the workshop happenings--barely started and already exciting convo. Everyone say hi to !
Good morning! "Talent is never enough"! From a New Balance T-shirt at the gym! Have a successful day!
Lol, that's really awkward!!!!
Kohls shopping without my bestie just isn't the same!
“: Aiight Marquette, I see y'all supporting in the MU News! :)” look for us in the Tribune on Thursday!
[Repost] THEATRE HISTORY: April 26, 1970: Which Stephen Sondheim musical premiered at the Alvin Theatre, New York? (Hope to get replies.)
better hurry!
on that AZONTO tip
Doin a song for Balcony TV today. Gonna be a fun time!
Six of Air Force's 12 games are listed on this TV schedule, but the announcement promises an announcement of more telecasts.
This Rangers vs Capitals game is insane
Shakespeare's Schoolroom: Rhetoric, Discipline, Emotion by Lynn E. Enterline F'03 now available from
The WFA would like to congratulate L'Arc~en~Ciel for their 20th anniversary world tour! Welcome to NYC!!! Live at the MSG!
& get a haircut.
What Funnygal Is Making Us Laugh (Just a Little) At Her Leggies? In the fashion world, much hay is made about the so-called "pop of color
Men who brag about how many females they're fucking or fucked. #getonmynerves. Bcause none of the women they sleep w/are worth braggin about
Lol no credit walk man
Warped tour '11 was amazing! Got to go backstage with the best fucking band ever THANKS A MILLION for doing that!
if you like than you should of put a ring on it!(:
#thanks for your #logo #design for us, Lia. We're glad to be working on Mark Beyer's #book cover for WHAT BEAUTY
Thanks for the RT
hey buddy
"I feel like if your name is Giselle, you better be beautiful"
Anteaters trying to make babies....
Men's Clothier Sets Its Sights On Sales Of Wedding Attire
awww thanks sparky!! U are too kind:) nice to meet ya Kristine:)
I would like to talk with you about offering my #acting and #modeling #blog for Girl's Life. The info will be loved
also, i know this sounds really shocking but her reality tv engagement didn't even last 2 years. hope the tradeoff was worth it
+ + me = epic craziness
I'm listening to it right now RT“: Whose listening to right now?!?!”
Loved pretending to be a cashier tonight with
Im wide awake o.o
I just want to sleep. I dont care about family dinners D; jk..jk..
-- He'd have been as close to being off-camera as they could get away with!
I'm sorry I couldn't get to meet you tonight at #techinmotionphilly! We'd love to see you at the next one in June!
On my way to Who's there?
" Just got a tattoo of a goat" nbd.
np I'm a little early
Shout-out to Healthy Melrose and The Autism Project for putting together such awesome and important events.
I finally did it. Glad I did.
Follow me on Instagram:
yw! Keep up the good work.
I hope that LSU's game last night is one that helps the team get stronger and realize where to improve. Jefferson looks good. Geaux Tigers!
Am I the only one who had no idea that "highfalutin" is one word, not two? Crazy English language!
This dude is a character Lmao
Ben and jerry with cur girl
#Nw #BGC8 reunion When does the ratchetness begin? Oh yea twins aren't out yet. Lol
relatively quite trade deadline deals
had a great evening with good drinks and an enjoyable atmosphere!
Still not out of this car ... Never the fuck again ugh
As they should be. LeBron is gotta be sick of hearing all the shit they dish out on him. He's good
Must-sees for SXSW? Thoughts?
I have to wake up at 430am. bleh :/
#nationalbestfriendday & :D... To bad Brittany doesn't have a twitter
Did a project with in 1 week. #Bam!
Happy to say that everyone on my team is of the latter kind :)
Listening to music that fits my mood >>
Alarms on Tide due to thefts? Next we'll have to show an ID to buy laundry detergent, that's just downright crazy.
Come on SEC football is always exciting #not : Me to RT: “: i'm bored.””
The Lord will watch over your coming and going both now and forever more. -Psalm 121:8
I spent too long today reading government documents about cervical cancer basically
I am so ready for something new!
could definitely be in Tucker's car ☝
On my level before prom >>>>>>>
your show is my inspiration that the American dream is not dead. I have worked too hard at my dream to have a bank fail me.
Get well soon!
thought you folks might be able to help. Thanks! will check in tomorrow.
#Liverpool v.
first sandhill cranes flew overhead yesterday - winter *is* coming, apparently
you took about 4 years to reply, SAAN !
I'll make sure that when I go to the concert that I bring Lou a treat to bring you back! (:
"Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you"
I'm suspecting more and more that only musicians use, or even know what reverbnation is...
The #AugustWilson #MonologueCompetition in Pittsburgh is FREE AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC! Save the Date April 2nd!
enjoy the show!
We do but don't care, winning allows obliviousness RT : I wonder if people from Wisconsin realize how obnoxious they are
Weekly chance to win FREE pizza! Just text FacebookPJ to 90210. (Normal messaging rates apply.)
It was the Sunday afternoons he couldn't cope with, & that terrible listlessness which starts to set in at about 2:55... D Adams. (1/2)
Haha. Thanks for reminding me to fold. Spaced for a while. I need a maid.
This shirt I have on is too big smh lol. I remember when it fit perfectly.
what you order??
John has officially confirmed that Jelaney Exists so
yes, but does it come in hologram form? cc:
Chris Brown seems to be quite the class act. A real quality guy.
Great news-www.datingchicagoland.com is now officially LIVE! We are offering free membership for the first 500 members...So go there now! :)
doing good. just coming off vacation.
looking great for the morning! A chance for thunderstorms this afternoon, but a ton of golf to see before!
RT : I'm just saying lmaooo I'm not even gone be live right now I'd say the WRONG shit lmaoo >>> true! I feel ya
Edleys bbq is the place to be!!
that was a successful party. Now it's time for Dave and I to get our redemption.
You got that body
Another day in houston! I need to go out of town again!
thinking of seeing your face tomorrow is makeing me feel sick legit
Giving away WWE Raw tickets on The Zone @ 94.1 at 4:07 tune in now to grab them.
RT : "Leaders aren't born they're made. They're made just like anything else - through hard work"
I'm glad pistachios aren't pink anymore.
ok babe
did you know about the data design diabetes innovation challenge?
Dear North Carolina, GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER!!!
yea I am
Thinking I might pull a last night and turn in early...
charles bradley at the rex. why ain't all yinz here?
"If you desire a bright tomorrow, you must build a brighter dream. Dare to let your dreams reach beyond you."
people who move slowly really piss me off
QoTD: "Without continuous personal development, you are now all that you will ever become, and hell starts when the person you are meet ...
#PizzaHuts bread sticks <<<<<< they hella dont look like the ones in the commercial
Come to think of it, don't I ask that question at least once a week?
Dear retailers, make more money: put sticky tape next to gift paper. Make an extra buck or two that way.
Coming soon A NEGRO LEAGUE OF THEIR OWN: All American Girls. OCT 5th - 7PM - Off-Broadway Actors Temple Theatre
About to meet with Meteor to discuss social media sharing and tracking
Here's to the kids who try so hard at something and forget what's important in life.
Two thirds of the world's lawyers live in the United States
If you worship Jesus the way He wants you to, you will obey Him the way you ought to.
RT : Come back for our next #pregnancychat with special guest on May 17 at 1pm EDT.
How have I lived before
is this my cousin?
Life is unfair....
what? you don't like a shadow effect??
#FF and director and writer Charles Thomas ()
Yeah, chiptune, dance, rock stuff - should be interesting - I'll be there.
Remember, if you have a good idea for a place for good food or music, let me know so I can go check it out.
It's cool guys, Ryan Braun just has a case of the herps.
Hello just had a surprise visit from my cousin aunt and uncle
let's all get face tattoos!!!!!
May have tripped and spilled groceries all over the sidewalk. ..its fine
I'm volunteering to give out presents to kids who are from families who are less fortunate and we're cooking them meals on X-mas
There have really been some great concerts this year! Bands on the road get to meet awesome people!
You are so right. We are all awesome! That means you too!
Oh, it was!
Excited to see today!
Text from Sec'y Clinton: "GET READY! Mama's on her way home!"
haha it's true :P lol
then why u go
big birthday s/o to my girlfriend, best friend n all dat stuff!! Lol safe travels boo boo!!
thanks, I'm glad you liked it :)
I TOOK A SHIT AT 11:59 REPRESENTING THAT THE CRAP I TOOK FROM 2011 IS BEING FLUSHED
And we look forward to having you!
Topic was called Moral case for Capitalism but learned more about presentation. Was pretty good - Thanks Arthur
#seenoncampustoday a guy riding a skateboard wearing a Pepto Bismol pink suit! I wish I had the foresight to take a picture!
thinking about you guys - stay safe!
Getting a no-hitter game with 6 walks is like bowling a 200-game with the bumpers up.
. Uh, thanks. Just going back in my office now.
Happy Birthday Mr. Ratner. Best
Nice! For all those who need a #developer ASAP... RT : ...Cody's officially in the house.
happy day of birth sis
I love your icon(:
goin to the brewer game again tonight. hopefully with more positive results.
Lol yeah skype's conncetion an be really sucky sometimes, and I LOVE Family Guy and Icecream xD I'm just...
The current state of the US government is disgusting & it's sad that majority of America is too blind or stupid to realize it.
Avengers at 4. YES!
Found down jacket....cold! 22f Hopefully this will warm me up. Wish I could find down blanket. I'd buy 2, and make 1 a sheet.
Nat'l Pig Day calls for Roasted Pork Belly! Ours is served w/ Cheddar-Mash, Spiced Peanuts, Apple/Fennel Salad, & Apple Cider-Brandy Sauce.
Thank you!
Listning to nickleback in history :) what are you up to ????
Headed to the bottom of 6th. #Brewers down 7-2. Braun, Ramirez and Hart due up next.
The pure cure ... www.curemypc.com
Yeah. Just removed broken part of tooth and bored out nerve today. Root canal in a month. *throb, throb, throb* Fun times.
Happy Birthday! And Go Bears!
proximity is best - I wander the room. It also helps to reduce the apps that can cause distraction.
Well, really, lots of people. He'd be out of the race already if not!
yo pussy look so delicious
Cant wait for & #TuffGongWorldwide to touchdown in #L.A. 7/15/12
New Monday, another day of Rehab , one day closer to my goal ! To create more Art! I love
Can we get a shout from Simon? ;) RT : First on-air Twitter shout-out of the night! Who else do you guys want to hear from?
We could just make out. You'd probably forget about how sad you are because I'm an awesome kisser. Need references? :)
Havnt been to sleep yet and leaving for #catlanta in less than 2 hours. 1st stop-->5hr energys!!
RT , IF YOU KNOW YOU LOOK GOOD 3:)
thanks for the great info, looking forward to working with you!
Weeks HBP for second time tonight. That one looked quite painful. Right on the hand.
hoping it's gonna last a handful of games!
cheerio! RT greetings to my new tweeps , , , & !
Feelin good. Started putting weight and semi-walking on my foot this week. Thanks for checking in! How are you?!
I'll be writing about a Luxembourg Auxerrois soon...I'm also not familiar with NL wines and am curious
You know, you should join Facebook too. I hear they're getting traction.
I was n the grocery store & they really changing the dates on ppl foodstamps, some gona get there's on the 21st of each mth, crazy
RT : #it'stimeoutfor Black people using the word "nigger" as if it's a normal greeting for some one. < AMEN!
Me too!! RT : In our next life, we want Sofia Vergara's body and Elle Macpherson's hair.
Picking up a bottle of that Jose Cuervo Tropina
Don't forget that EVERY tweet during this chat should include the #SommChat hashtag in order for everyone to see it!
Make sure to check out these exhibitors at ISE Denver!
thought u were going with me?! Fail!
tired sleep need
Judging by all the references to sweet tea in country songs, diabetes must run rampant in Nashville.
Love the tweet!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! 13
Too bad you're on vaca? Bahaha. Enjoy that - plenty of city left for you next week!
maybe I'll watch it, but I gotta check with my buddy first. He's an expert in pawn shop reality shows. (muttley laugh)
If you don't have a killer instinct, then you're NOT the best player. It's hard for people to accept, but it's true.
Naples, FL-Need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 150 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
More important to one's success than a to-do list is their stop-doing list. I need to watch less TV when I'm tired.
what's your favorite part about skyping with fans?
I pray your mother gets better...:)
My hair looks amazing
Midnight ticket sales ($19.7M) may throw off our estimates. Neither JohnCarter or Lorax had big Thurs night screenings
My family is starting to get annoyed of me because all I'm "obsessed" with the Boyz. Hey, at least I'm not out selling dope.
Malik, I haven't had my cycle in forever. I'm having your kid. His name will be Trévon. #YaDigg? :)
Synchronicity coordinates everything in creation- and if you are open to it- it can coordinate the creation of your vision.
We scream " america " after every Honcho moment manifests. Give a reason why you would yell " America "
:) The Chunky Salad was okay, but my mom's Salmon Salad rocked
My wife and I prefer riding the bus or subway together simply because we get an automatic partner + can watch out for each other. Not today.
If I could take a big shit for every dick thing you said, they'd have to bring in a bulldozer to take that shit away.
You have 24 hours left to live. What flavored vodka would you want to have before you kick the bucket?
heritage days tomorrow? #MAYBE. (:
i cant wait! Its gonna be a rockin good time for sure!
A belated thank you sir! “: : "i dipped it." laughed so hard, pooped pants #onlyaslightexaggeration”
are you part mexican?
please please please sign with Anaheim
"�The common reputation of Twitter is that it�s frivolous, which isn�t the case"
hahahah you guys are insane. i still have no idea what over half of that conversation is even about.
So much to do...
We NEED 3B, and pitching prospects more than anything.
I'm about to!
Was just accepted to go to this year! Will I see you there?!
Only 3 weeks left! Have you registered for the Institute? www.southeastinstitute.org
#TimeCheckSongs No Time Left for Food
I need to get use to working third shift. I fell asleep twice tonight. Not good.
agree that starting small is the way. Think it should be facebook.
omgeeee!! I'm writing three articles in the same hour?! I can't believe it's actually working out :D
What is something that I totally forgot about? The app....
HAPPY BIRTHDAY FROM ME AND BEST BUY. <3 ;)
I said hi and I waived
meh I like bobby just cant stand hogan & eric bitchoff lol
no, the first one over Roy Hibbert was awesome!
“: Don't worry buddy, just checked the radar. Rain looks to be out within the hour!” -- thank the Lord!
Happy Valentine's Day from RUT Hockey and make sure to send
BREAKING: Manning just picked his nose and wiped it on Elway's pants.
Armchair quarterback. RT : What position do you play Greg?
Nassau County Police are searching for a man who allegedly abducted a woman from a bus stop near the Merchant Marine Academy in Kings Point.
why dosn't the whale have a glittery glove? the birds should be waiting in bed for him.
It's the Dennis Eckersley look!
you guys sounded KILLER! tonight
Book descriptions that consist of nothing but a question anger me.
Just don't quack up!
i love you
exactly! That's EXACTLY how I feel! Like yeah fanny packs really good and all but the other crews are just better. And -
the opportunity to AUDITION for THE DIARY OF A HIP HOP ARTIST is about to go WORLDWIDE www.pdonmega.com
Now I know why so cheap!
I'm fine with that. I still have my $150 upgrade available. Still off contract. Helped a friend out. Phone in perfect condition
Anyone want to go to thailand?
xP thanks. I have to wait till we get settled in the house though.
don't be nervous, you're in good hands ;) cc
sweaty balls...
Follow Me Please! :D
was this with the 70-200L?
How much did that cost you? What did it taste like? Was there a toilet bowl on the bottle?
I put milestone 5 on my first gen galaxy S a couple days ago and it is TOTALLY SWEET. thanks for the awesome work!
Luv U , can u please follow me, & want to show my supporty 4 u girl. Know that u have two little angels that truly luv u.
May is going to mark the start of a personal fitness revolution.
ALL LA TAN 123 W. MADISON CUSTOMERS--TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY ONLY!! 30 min massage--$28 (regularly $45) Schedule your appointment today!
looking forward to it! Hope we can connect before/after. It's been a minute.
Listening to the Adobe team share their social media best practices. Fascinating! Time for some case studies
UNTIL IT RESURRECTS! INSTALLMENT THREE!!
Next years home/away team is still TBD. The stadium is just how it was determined this year.
lol that is awesome.
that day has long since come and gone.
This school year is never going to end
my fav too
Please visit us on the web @ www.rx2you.com We are a Prescription Assistance Program. We look forward to connecting with you
idk, he usually goes to the library on Friday, but i guess he asked, but he left early anyways! So yeah...
I need aomwthin to watch on tv
Omg Tbffl. Im right here, and ive missed you! ):
If I ever get the chance to meet Austin, I would tell him how much he means to me and how much he's changed my life.
Thanks for the RT tonight. Great chat
Don't know offhand but maybe your local federal depositary library has 1978 vsn of the Foreign Affairs Manual (on microfiche!)
Every time I walk for miles the city kindly shrinks.
HOW IS THE SOUND QUALITY LET US HELP U IMPROVE YOUR IMAGE
I have the IPAD and not sure how I got along without it.
Samsung work in NC with the awesome ppl at Ignite Media ...and yes, Parkchester rocks socks
I would be proud of how many Marquette students are in the library right now..but all of the computer screens are on Facebook or ESPN.
I'm definitely getting sick. No!
"Beat the Devils! #AZisWildcatCountry "
I forgot about that post. Also didn't get a notice about your contribution. Wish I had though... thanks
absolutely beautiful here. I love Nashville!
I'm tired of this arguing.
So true! Poor Chandler. :)
Happy to hear you enjoyed your experience with us recently! If you have a moment, share your experience with us on TripAdvisor.
Saw you on Good luck tonight!
It is good; sure a little disappointment there it wasn't 3 for 3 on CBS RT Glad to see these CIC games get picked up by networks
So, so close Cally
It's one of the things that make VU (and the Rivals site) unique. I'm sure you'll hear from reporters now that you're home.
Listen, the next revolution is going to be a revolution of ideas. - Bill Hicks
MKG goes to the rim hard and I love it.
soo I randomly read your info on here and wtf is V Pillars like what does the V stand for vagina?
RT : tweets about Peyton before SportsCenter does. Is he the new #1 source for sports news?
In auditorium eagerly awaiting a presentation from the Post Typography folks.
The ONLY reason I'll b watching tonight's predictable awards show is because of A true showman and creative genious!
I'm already tired of these nailss, I don't know how girls can put up with them
can you follow i can't respond back to you.
can't wait to hear about your presentationKC! I know you dropped knowledge!
yay! Your here bff luv us girl
omg put the @ first.
2day we celebrate the barer of the gate between worlds, the nurturer of civilization, the cryptanite ofmen. Happy Mothers Day Ladies!
prove to me that you're not like the rest.
Beware of checkpoints.Don't respond to an office asking you what you had to drink. Do not GIVE evidence.
One great thing about being an student is access to the #AmericanSong database & adding Booker T. & the MGs to my education.
it was really sweet and awesome! i think the dance was a heavily modified shag. during blue mtn thistle.
Top Gear has nothing on
Cry me a river..
u aren't the only person I thought I was the only one having that problem is yours even letting the page pull up or no?
This feeling I'm getting, ready to pour my heart and soul into this audition Tuesday, so people can finally see.. The real me.
i miss that was my baby!!!!
You a stupid hoe! You a , you a stupid hoe!
The freshman from Iowa...he killed Uw today
So true!!
I was right. Beer consumed yesterday = 40+ min 5 miler. Shit.....It was worth it!
Football Factory > Green Street Hooligans. Hands down.
There is nary a cloud in the sky :)
Go Titans . Woo-hoo . Fun nighT . Now to go home and watch reruns of .(:
on my laptop and watching old viva la bam shows
do u just sit n ur room all day&tweet?How's da weather there?Gooutside hve sum fun go wtch ballgme wit sum friends or somethin!
Don't "conform" to the world... Half of the world is in darkness anyway
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!51
"They say I'll be OK, but I'm not going to ever get over you."
hope you're having a good night dear! <3 (:
Thanks for your perspective today. Loved your post about setting personal goals for achievable results.
youre incredible too!! *cyber hug* I LOVE YOU SO MUCH and can't imagine my life without you
Off to the gym
Who invited the Druid?
Last performance on #xfactor was not poppin!
it's for both lol :)
Literal Lewis says this tweet was made on Friday...
Definitely think cultural has shifted away from pseudonyms (in this country).
wish the nursery was open, I prefer 8a. But my little one is at an age where 1 hour is it so 6p or 11a it is for now.
yes, that's good :)
Running campaigns are about raising money. How you raise money is not the root of evil. DC politicians are not Obama.
Grr. They got me too! I'm on the horn with the death star now.
nevermind...found the story. Holy shit
I really shouldn't listen to Phantom of the Opera while working. I get the overwhelming urge to cry at the finale every time!
Last G+ Hangout Class of the year! In other news, I spent about 2 hours in video chat today. Just call me Zenon, Girl of the 21st century
Shout out to our new follower of KIRO 7! Thanks for the support! #HatsForHope www.sperantsa.com
sure :D
Yes! It's working! My novel is finally working! It's alive, do you hear me? ALIVE.
Family is a place where you can find love!
Lolololol it's okay, I trust her!
welcome aw- sucks day. This day needs to be observed every year.
xox for the
I swear I would love to come home from and have someone rub my feet...
Very true. Great advice.
Yep! Personally, I'll miss y'all, but I know you have bigger and better things to do. =) But f'real: you killed it today.
does anyone promote their business through Google #Adwords? If so does it work for you? Give me a shout!
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself
(still going to the bodega armed with the 98-99 man u roster and shirt number assignments)
Im not gonna preach to anybody tonight..people can do what they want
DPT? diptheria? Yikes!~I don't know what he still needs for vac.s
STOP TWEETING ME or ill call the twat police!
It is CRAZY hot in NYC today! 105 degrees
not everyone makes that argument. the article comes off incredibly condescending.
I'm guessing you? Lol, luuuckkkkyyyy!
Closed SHORT $USDCHF for +2 pips profit; 6% of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 82% SHORT
: RT : u ain't notarize the letter though <--- that wat I forgot yes slow bus<--- lol
. and I will take our Blazers GM speculation to the radio airwaves today at 2pm PT on
If you post half naked pictures on facebook & or twitter. kill yourself
well, i can't send his name out into the twitterverse, that wouldn't be very nice! He was very nice - hoping to see him again
way to go! I'm a runner too and it's always good to find buckeye runners on here!
Never satisfied with a nice calm evening...
True story: Today's workout has been canceled because my running partner is teaching robots to play the drums.
Heading to #vbos today. Hopefully we won't have to wait forever to get in like last year!
"I know there’s other places that you could go , But I just really love it if you made it home to me "
too advanced for u..
Need tracks and videos for your artist? New packages available for the low! Get your artist seen with incredible turn around on vid edits!
A family just mashed up the tribal chant in Lion King with We Are the Champions, acapella style, on the metro.
