Headed to a wrap party for a Comedy Central show I shot a few weeks ago. Li'l nervous about going solo--wonder if I'll know anybody there?
Art show. Free beer & wine.
This week has been so slow! Church tonight.. If mom will take me :/
Awesome! Ultimate reset day 9. Down 12 lbs, I miss my main dish though, we're now eating side dishes. Lol.
I really hardly ever talk about her, let alone type about her.
RT“: Close walkers: I cant tell if we're racing or u just wanna be awkwardly close 2 me. Either way it makes me want 2 trip u."
Is there any good movie in theater?
Blinded by the neon Baylor uniforms... Wonder who thought that was a good idea?!
Is it your birthday?! HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Here's a kiss #muah & a #birthday spanking ;)
Great to meet you , very dope store you guys got.
Ay we gone ustream live today. Make sure yall stay tuned
Nope. Makes perfect sense. I totally run off my stress too. Keeps me from taking it out on others.
Already miss my family :( cc:
thanks can u follow me cuz i have a new icon
GOOD MORNING Beauties!
believe it or not, football tonight.
That awkward moment when you over-hear a joke in someone else's conversation and accidentally laugh out loud..oops
"A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work."
my mom? ew. why? & what's your idea?
wish I could have been there! Vacation sounds good right about now.
Having a very deep conversation with my three year old sister about raccoons
Retrofitting our TEI-XML markup of HUCK FINN 2003 to restore page numbers to editorial content. Print paradigm isn't dead yet.
thank you! Pleased to get the first one under my belt.
I can't even eat ...i should not be feeling this emotional
a song about what it feels like living in a "fishbowl" without any privacy. Or one about what gives u your strength.
Thank you for the add. When you get time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
I can't wait until I can finally get my licence
GO PILOTS! I think he needs more enthusiasm when announcing the games... =D Good season coming up!
Question for you... tried (with no luck) calling Jawbone #. Siko is a mutual friend, hoped you could help. Best way to connect?
working with true dudes today. brick house for lunch?
that's why wrapping P + E together can be useful
Awww too cute
Yeah, the team could have done a quick rebuild and tried to set for 2013-15. Go back farther, and other things could have been done.
he kept him up outta respect
To check-in? On your seat!
Welcome to
you can do it Frenchie! I really would love to see u slim down simply for your health cuz u already look great.
Thanks for my beautiful letter-pressed print. Got it in the mail today. It was like its own little ray of sunshine!
Thanks for the love!
grab a mix1 post workout. 2:1 carb to protein. Antioxidant package. NO gluten, soy, lactose or caffeine.
If the grass stopped growing and the bugs stopped biting...the summer would be perfect!!
Heading off to Zumba! :D
i know
What is #pdxshift about?
I will only forgive you if, when it comes down to it, I know you hurt as much as I did. lol. No, that's not true...always.
- OK, that is definitely awesome with the Tom Tom Darth Vader voice. :-)
would like to thank for merchandise for the dining by design show.
Awesome tool, thanks for sharing. been wanting to unfollow the dead for sometime.
thank you for sharing my startupamerica webinar!
Bitch don't make fun of my videos, while I'm doing that your having sex on a picnic table getting caught(;
RT : Ain't it ashamed how they Fuck up your name..
accept my follow request , i cant see any of your tweets ! :(
Oh, maybe!
Pudgy Hank is pudgy.
just went I thought I was taking a break on traveling too. Lol. Nope!
try talking in that 8am class so you could leave me alone #youtalktoomuch #yourmouthismovingbutareyousayinganything?
...Tagore translated a lot of his own writing into English. And then there are many translators, especially of his last poems.
you are very beautiful :)
At the Systems two, mixing "Twelve" day 3 !
yeah you can't not like it's just not possible lol
Yeah some call timeouts some let the play go, some yell foul, some yell get back. RT : at the end of games?
People scream that they are down for the team but are playing on both sides.
lmao oh well she got the point
Now to see if my skills are rusty -.-
Drake is in town wish you were to :(
This election is tearing my family apart!
what other things do I need to send you?
i dont even use binders anymore. I just throw my papers in my backpack
Twitterific does work with , which I use. Not sure on readitlater.
great reference.
I never use the phrase, "Your guess is as good as mine" because, well... it's not.
No one in #kohails community will reject your patch saying "you're stupid, go away."
Just learned Davy Jones died. RIP!
I like Mikey. A lot 💙 he showed me what love is ❤ USKALWKWOYEVENEK LOVE YOU MIKEY <3
I *love* Herb & Dorothy. A wonderful love story!
RT : Horrors! Somebody's removing the books from my room! Where'd this little book come from?
Nigga be heartbroken see his ex at a party and get next to the closest hoe & try and engage conversation with her just to get the ex jealous
ESPN: Tim Tebow traded to NY Jets.
I think you could. What's more fun is when others see your work on tv & tell you about it.
what kinda add was that?
Omg . Creepy
do ashes have enough nutrients to grow things? remember in winter's bone at the meth house where katniss judged the plant heights?
it's so fucking hot.
tube tube tube
hahaha yes please
To everyone who got a blank discount card at the show, hit us up and we'll give you a code to use!
Beautiful black girl.. I bet that bitch look better red
so i wanna see a unicorn like really bad :D
u still could have saved them retard
Checking tv listings. Discovered most popular program seems to be Paid Programming
Hey Guys - thanks for the mention. I hope all is well down under!
Oh no RT : Oh no. RT : Maurice Sendak, author of 'Where the Wild Things Are,' dies at 83 -
Yup, especially with all the recent complaining about the upcoming fare increase.
Congratulations to the 2012 LearningElite award winners!!
awesome, I love Atlanta, it is my home!
Sweet hat!! Go Brewers!
I saw it Friday afternoon. Pretty much exactly what I expected, but I liked it. It's pretty fun.
What can i say dude.. i love coffee :D
any specific reason? I've done it both ways and enjoyed learning new systems, but also enjoy my own world :)
Wow..nicki er Roman was amazing. I would be scared to see inside that woman's head.
be brave, that's why I'm going all in tomorrow in the AM
Getting ready to do the bikini bootcamp (deep breath!)
Finish what you start.
um, no need for name calling little brother!
RT If Lebron loses tonight, the ewoks will celebrate harder than they did after defeating the Empire.
Hey Roger! Just saw you followed my old profile which has been pretty inactive since I started this one. I hope all is well!
The Avengers was a Good Ass movie
And when we think we lead, we are most led
we make you look Emmy worthy. Natural results from Botox, Dysport, Restalyne, Juvaderm, Artefil and more.
I feel like this is a victory!!!
Tomorrow, be safe, be respectful, follow the law
RT you dont want to miss tonight... We are having a Q&A which is always a lot of fun... and we are giving away Dr. Peppers!!
ha, When I got your random "I love October" tweet, I figured a TBL/Bears weekend. I was close :)
Family time!
Merci! RT : La Madeline's pastries are something you'll find in Heaven.
I'm such a nice person ;)
I voted this morning! Did you vote? If you didn't vote, don't worry you have time!
Diecast model cars: N level - China Wall Decoration Stickers - China ...
In case anyone was curious, my skeptical friend went with WordPress after all. He's decided to dive into theming. cc
Live tweeting from #AHA2012 session "Religion, War, and the Formation of an American Identity."
Well said there! But, i just prefer vegetables rich in antioxidants..Organic food is the best..Save our Environment!!
Extremely excited to be playing tonight (6:30pm) w/James Cammack & Alex Raderman, opening for the legendary Les McCann!
Today is Earth Day! The first Earth Day, 42 years ago, led to the creation of the United States Environmental Protection Agency and...
Lol yea im enjoying it :) Ive been dingle for over a month now... Umm just hoping to have a job thats basically it
Need to escape from the office already? Hit up for lunch! We've got $1.50 Tecates ALL DAY!
I feel bad not just for the Bulls, but also the NBA. Takes quite a bit of drama out of the East, no?
Single anyone want to change that?
To all my followers and more importantly those I follow, love all of y'all. Hope that todays reality brings you closer to your purpose and
ha ha most im liken da gangstas
RT : IF YOU CAN SNATCH THIS KIBBLE FROM MY PAWS GRASSHOPPER YOU WILL munch munch munch munch munch munch munch burp SORRY...
Work is done yo, time for some serious recording time
this girl was 5 when she became a mother....thats just fucked up on so many levels.
Happy Birthday, MLK.
In 140 characters or less of course
Girls, please help me.. this girl wont leave me alone.. shes stuck up my ass...like shes fuckin stuck to me.. please help..
We're just 5 days away from kickoff. Remember to not just bring beer, but also water to the tailgate. It's going to be 100 Saturday.
Slayer is the best alarm clock
Is da Internet becoming less about the individual & universal information & more about corporate control & the products they want 2 sell ya?
I can change font in the menu, but display does not change.
Someday we'll need to release the complete 20 minute version of the dub jam off Real Size.
Happy Birthday!!! Hope you had a good one : )
Trilla doe. Everbody follow my big bro !!
having fun in the desert, eh?
LOL thought u did that already RT
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
you are completely and totally right!
It hit me today that I am leaving for sabbatical in two weeks!
To everyone: go outside.
Message me!!
Each moment of life is a miracle and a wonder. - Swedish Proverb
A miracle of bad luck
4:50 am call time to the rocknroll marathon. One hour of sleep, gonna be sweet_________
Aww, thanks! Let us know if you ever have suggestions for items to include.
perfect spring-like weather for TVM tonight!!!
this is you official invite to Spring Training! Bring your hubby too!
Lol. I've only played a few in the past, but Rockstar has never really failed me in the past
i cant text i have a new phone and it sucks lol
WHY aren't there any Woody Guthrie or Townes Van Zandt movies streaming on Netflix?
#BeforeIkickthebucket I want to go to a
Also, I was once able to click on a tweet. It would change colors so I knew where I left off reading.
i was listening to right by my side
Lol I like the beginning <3
So awkward...
I'm mad as hell they didn't give KD the MVP award
Well we went 0-3 at home in the district. Let's make it 3-0 on the road tomorrow.
OMG I HAVENT BEEN HERE IN A LNGGG TIME D: ~Dana
VERY HE IS PERFECT
I would love to see Le Batard get relegated off tv as well. Glad he agrees.
is looking forward to going to #asa2012 in Denver, CO this August and being a part of Honors Program :-)
I have an emergency stash of beer downstairs left over from Y2K. Along with 50 cans of lima beans. So I'll be just fine.
not a bad idea, but haven't we gone down that road before?
Ok let gets this clear Johnny. You ARE NOT, I repeat, ARE NOT better looking than not even a close comparison.
...followed by Strangers by The Kinks?!?! Well I just might have to buy this fella a drink.
paaaleeez. I'll make him get interested in u if u want(:
Had the same feeling. “: Odd. No NFL games on TV are grabbing my attention to couch it this afternoon.”
Little Miss Sunshine
Caribbean Queen ;)
I think so.
: Nice work! Classic! I tear up everytime...
#lol your teeth look like u been knawing on bricks
Today was a good day the heat was on I spent the morning in Newark back home Boom was in town from Cali he still hitting the drums nice
Happy President's Day! We are all about the Daytona 500 this morning - from the race to Laura's trip around the track - join us LIVE now!!!
WHERE THEM SORRY #HEATFANS AT HUH....WANT TO GET ON US #LAKERFANS!!!!!
Ah! Excellent idea. Will put it to the team. Thanks!
I'm wearing earplugs on the streetcar because I lost my ipod. :-(
Please let Jennifer Anniston appear in a movie I might actually want to see.
Two cars down at once, typical Murphy's law BS. Tomorrow is going to be a cluster.
glad to see you in K pool this year. Hope your not picking the Kitty Kats.
watch out, this bitch is officially a licensed driver 😁
you're an adult!! They lost say once you turned 18. I got my first tattoo at 16. ;X
Helping friends in need. Always a good idea!
wow did puff just throw in a black power? Not pc
Feel me tho??
the very arrangement of the items is an interpretive act, like situating text/pics/docs on a map. Their placement becomes info 2/2
I heard drinking the tears of a Gillian is a cure for sadness
hah seriously but I'm going to tour a college so I don't think I want to show up on campus in pajamas..not a good first impression
At Morning Brew, watching Stephen Agustin & the 4th Wall!
just made it to jfk in time to miss my flight
freezing so i happen to be snuggling with my blanket you got me. next to my shred....its my favorite blanket ever.
I need to do this for me & nobodyy else .. because I need to lovee myself before I can lovee anybodyy else ..
Heading to take a photo of our auction board! WOOT! All proceeds from the billboard auction go to Miracle on Canal St.
Hills out your ass, one way streets everywhere, narrow streets, high sales tax
I would like to know how many people thought the first scoring play would be a safety?
Dear Recruiter, I just want to let you know, that I work for THE organization, THAT creates THE product, for which you ARE calling me!
you know the person I'd love to choke though...
"I sneeze and hits come out." - Dandy Warhols singer-songwriter Courtney Taylor-Taylor on his process
Prepare to say 'wtf' out loud at least a dozen times.
Peter Odemwingie still smiling and scoring with West Bromwich Albion
Had to volunteer at a "low income housing" computer lab all day. One guy googled "sex robots" for 2 hours, the other looked up hookers.
thanks for shout out to Check out & guested We heart !
I make mistakes. I make poor choices. I acknowledge these things, and grow to defeat them.
have a Faygo for me.
RT : Crazy how you can literally leave a piece of your heart in a country (Guatemala) - :D Thank you for volunteering with us!
Respect my conglomerate
Did you know Glade offers oil diffusers that will scent a larger space for up to 30 continuous
One way you know a guy like you of he always getting advice from you or he always scared to talk to you or looks at you <3333
When your 13 year old sister calls you to tell you she's 5'3" now, asks how tall you are, and then starts cracking up. #im5'4"
Good times and just. Wrong....
Jimmy Protested!! :) RT : No
What's worse? A Chrysler car or a Fiat? Excuse me, I mean which is better?
I know where you sleep at night.
#BurnNotice is one of the best shows on TV! #Miami :)
Too many squats yesterday. can't move.
Twitter tip #3: Twitter doesn't make things official. You aren't "officially" over David Gordon Green until you've filled out all the forms.
I'm down for Wednesday.
Thank you! like your name!
that sounds perfect!
Keeping it classy, Pittsburgh.
Give us a thumbs up if you are enjoying the sunshine, but you wish it was a little warmer!
Thanks for a great evening at the #BigThrill, Boston! And our sponsors, and for making it happen.
You're welcome word friend. Exciting times ahead :)
Happy Birthday to Less C. One of the first to follow Amazedradio
I made the 11:45 am show opening day, in point of fact, so whenever you have the time to kill I'm more than ready.
Me , Myself & I ...Trying
One of our printers was busted for 2 days. The tech came right on time with the parts. We can now print out Volume 14.24 at full speed!
i miss your videos Hope! ;)
that's cool haha :))
Where's the girl of my dreams at
U thnk life a game but all u gt is a turn
Well if you ever need a writer to come down there, maybe help with your marketing or something, I'm your woman! :-)
Twbow to Jets? Now we get to beat him twice a year in the regular season?
homegrown cow is what now? Raised in the house?
Destroy and Rebuild until god shows
Beirut at Turner Hall - definitely Tweetworthy
yes its is.
does "I was stressed by finishing an English paper, took a power nap & forgot to set my alarm" count as a valid reason for missing an exam?
right haha my feed is constantly live
Yup. One of my weekly "not to miss" chats
break day from skool :D Lol watching battle: los angeles and eating a pizza :)) #Hmu!!
You don't get what you wish for. You get what you work for.
I'm in Woz lounge with time to kill before judging if you're around let me know.
AW YEAH!!!
This just emphasizes my last RT lol. RT : Some of y'all ain't shit. But I guess I'm stuck with you at this point
throw strikes, Brandon...
You are the bride of God, His fiancee. Based on how you treat Him do you think He should marry you?
They got bust your jeans pinto beans and no tellin what's in it cole slaw ... #gavins favorite
Couldn't make Travel&SocialMedia tonight but keep the tweets coming!
Register now at www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
Today, my marker board reads: 'This month is Farm Animal Awareness Week
Isn't Betty in Florida the lady who thinks Tebow will be a good NFL QB because he "walks with Jesus"?
That Food 4 Less @ 67 & Ashland good Store 4 food go there all the time
We're curious... Any Ducks or WDE fans out there?? Who are you all rooting for tonight??
True that!
Prepping for sept show. How about you?
Been seeing a lot of talk on my TL today bout hiphop here in the Ville, gonna speak on it real quick.
And tomorrow we will have a lot of money .. -From where? -I bought the printer:-D
Hi. If you haven't found someone for this, we could help. DM us and we can set up a time to chat.
Oh. I think ours is an essay-test combo. Yay.
Good thing you didn't get it signed by Jimmy...don't think HE is getting his second tonight
l OOkin good keep it up
now you're talking. Or now you're tweetin'. Way to go Lennar!
I CAN do WHATEVA I WANT....Ma'am!!! SUE ME!!!
I don't think the availability of my monthly account statement requires an email w/ a subject line that begins "Alert!"
well, I have to keep it going or I will lose it. :)
Note to self: stop saying omg -_-
If paper beats rock then why is it when I throw a rock at your face, the paper doesn't stop it
Thanks for sharing the blog day info, Kathleen!
you wrong... Pie is better
Congratulations on finding your sweet Pikachu!
It's funny how I used to be your world, but now you wont allow me in your life.
#TeamSingle its fun for a while then it gets lonely.<|3
I no longer need caffeine I simply follow sung.
Congrats to my girl Adele! You rock
aha :D so im curious how did you find me :)
I really miss #oomf Want to take a nap together ---->
Ames where is Jackie??????
what's adam levine doing at a Payphone in 2012? Doesn't he have a cell phone? Haha
Running sound for the women's meeting.. & yes I'm the only dude here! My dad would be proud:0]
My uncle keeps asking for.everything on the table at this dinner, and wants everything in an extra large size....#GetOutMuch???
It's raining : /
Out of all the trends that have started cool then became annoying, I don't think any achieved it as quickly as
We can dream.. RT : The weather is so nice right now I thought I was in San diego
ur so nice. Ur not bothering me I'm done now though I only had a little bit to do
Going to cvs to get some pretzel m&m :)
yeah you did! where are you from?
Put gas in the car for the first rime since January.
ya , but we can visit many park here and so noisy . We can see christmas tree with the light I love that so really amazing ! Metoo:|
Album update: Dave's doing some scratch tracks tomorrow. Get excited because we've got 16 songs in the works!
The average person tends to neglect the emotional, mental & spiritual part of themselves...but will spend time on the physical...
How are all you Beautiful people doing this Beautiful evening?!? I'm in such a good mood for no reason! 😁 :D
We've got alot to learn, Cuz God knows were worth it! No I Wont Give Up On Us...
I need a lady. Or a dog. I don't know.
Happy Birthday to the king....
It's a 'me, a jar of peanut butter and a spoon' kind of day.
i wish it was u
me? I'm never sadd ;)
Tonight we've got photogs covering the LaCueva/Cibola and WestMesa/Highland football games in #ABQ. Are you going?
Yea, most of what George has built seems really fascinating. I used to live in the East Bay & am drawn to Marin County.
Drew Brees is good at football
Life isn't easy but God helps us if we ask Him to.
I saw a homeless man selling lemonade off I-95. I wonder where that delicious warm pitcher was made. Things that make you go hm.
Free shuttle and tickets to a matchup between 2 of the top 4 teams in the Horizon League. What more do you need? Tip-off at 7 at The Cell.
Who are you trying to impress by wearing that? if they wanted to be your friend they wouldnt care if you were wearing a patatoe sack.
Livin the life
Marina Abromovic and Jay-Z to collaborate on new album/art experience
*sigh* rather not say lol
She followed that up with. "is spike lee the guy that did all those kung fu movies?"
- my band would love to play Slims sometime.
Wearing my graduation gown makes me feel like I should be in a church somewhere singing in the choir and yelling "HALLELUJAH. PRAISE HIM."
Agreed; we're brainstorming all the ways it can be improved, including design/architecture
Haha! It can be crazy can't it!!!!
Evicting protesters doesn't solve anything, it only adds more fuel to the fire.
As in, art submitted for the cover? Or art produced on the finished cover by the publisher?
On advice of #NowFollowing +
good for you
For as UGLY as Steelers have been all year if Denver backs into the playoffs as the 4 seed we may witness the worst playoff game of all time
99 percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
haha oh gosh. You can't leave before its over D:
Thank you for #ShineYourDivine with us! Looking forward to your tweets!
Just saw driving.... Again... Lmao
They kept eating my fucking worms!
You don't need to be Irish for this special! St. Patty's Day FB & Twitter Special: $99 room + self parking for 3/12 only! 501-217-6061
we disagree!
Spring cleaning time of year now if only this Las Vegas wind would let up so I can clean some driveways
Again and Again.
like that song
Pit stop at Wendy's.... Hm food.
WE on to Bigger and better things is our new home #raremovement #m.o.b letzgetit
You are a crazy man. You crack me up!
That;s what they all say. :)
hope they are using that $5 to plant new trees ha
Hello Bobbi-Kristina. I loved your mother's music so much. Her music brought tears to my eyes. Bobby Brown is a good man too.
thanks Ted, day 14, lots of opportunity ahead of
We just decided to see Porgy And Bess for the month of March. How is it? Have you seen it?
then after braces i haft to have a retainer for 9 months
Make sure you tweet at us and include #BellAFB to be included
headed to LA. like, right this minute.
No lives forever, But we will be remembered for what we do right now ... the good die young but the great will always last
Oh my way home to lay it down.. very tired
we agree to disagree
Sure! I'd be happy to. Sorry for the delay in responding. I just now saw this message. Danke!
1 week of Google voice + HTC Incredible + Verizon = me being very happy I left the iPhone/AT&T shitstorm (and I'm saving money...)
living it
With two kids from Portland on the squad, I have to pull for Kentucky in this one!
RT : Pastor Winans is officially the Pastor of the Universe. No other preacher has PREACHED on CNN.
ow I see I see... u need brain to study still... again im on my knees daddy ;) in case u need more brain lmao
what are the top 5 tests patients are requesting?
very cool!
Bring home a win for Brew City!
Good early morning! I am feeling very awake, thanks to my coffee :) See you on from 5-7am with
on the mixtape I'm rapping on this fast track
Agree! did mention that on the video. Depends on what your biz or brand is about, usages of course are differently.
vs in an mma bout who wins and how......
She's everything by Brad Paisley never gets old. #countrymusic makes me happy.
Just got done wine tasting in Temecula....awesome,
Thanks for RTs!
Does anyone have huge plastic nuts I can borrow for a photo shoot?
ready for the weekend! Time to relax and study!
Dude tried to sell me some dvds at the liquor store told me 3 for 5 Mothers Day Special
ooh where exactly in Castleton will you be at?
you picked Adam Scott? Really Kev?
RT : "Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant." Robert Louis Stevenson
jus caught a muscle spasm lol
Nighty night twitter
it's raining.
lol man his heart lives for the game! We got the next games, then sweep the spurs and were in the finals! :D
This weather is putting me in the best mood ever. 😁
When you like somebody's photo from months ago and you realize they are gonna know you were creeping :P
Really...you bottle rats!!!
Dang the Lakers suck tonight...
Haha. I actually remember watching my mother clean up my older brother's. And he was in high school.
Good morning yall! You know what time it is. You should already have your daily worm. No breaks for the successful.
ATTENTION ALL CITIZENS OF TWITTER DO NOT EAT TACO BELL ANYMORE THE MEAT THEY GET FROM CHINA IS DOG AND CAT IT HAS BEEN TESTED & PROVEN TRUE
I can still smell it on my hands :(
Round 2... The Porters of Hellsgate PRESENT The Merchant of Venice TONIGHT at 8PM.
What's good?
Frustrated to the point that not even distractions can help :/ let's see if I can get some sleep tonight.
Are you sure you are not in London? Your tweets are strangely synchronised with our weather. :-)
aight aight aight....this just aint right....my BFF is fighting with a belieber...idk who's side im on o_O
I'm following why aren't you?
RT : #wearing green DVF dress, camel chie miharas and carrying new purse.
some people are stupid
$4.2+ Billion Saved Last Year by Premier Healthcare Alliance Members Improving Processes and Efficiencies in Care ...
Dream chaser 2 meek mills stop u killing them meek and im only on the intro
never mind got me lead back!
I'm gonna take a #SUMO nap..
Portland's own Brenda Braxton from will be on #Grimm tonight make sure you tune in it's the only drama I watch
Super moon tonight and happy Cinco de Mayo!
Houston rappers > Dallas rappers
Thanks for the
Omg some people are freaking hilarious, their opinions and observations !
Literally no one watching the Ximena Sarinana Coachella feed right now.
Being sick <
That's from the CDC, but you ain't heard that from me.
Prevents nip-chaffing
Got a good look at what it's like to be #backstage today
quick hello to our new followers , , and
Has anyone ever been the security guard ar trophy bar for halloween? I'm calling it for next year. Such a choice costume.
Garber: Drought watch: things you should know
wicked delayed reaction, but I drove past you near The Complex last week. So...yeah.
I'm going to bed I got to get sleep night
NF: follow back
The Readers’ Writers: Author Eve Marie Mont
ugh the refs r STUPID as usual
sorry was out practicing. Agree.
ok what did u do chick
When and Where?RT We desperately need volunteers to man intersections, man the REALTOR® Tent, or hand out food to the runners
GREAT #APP: Multihand Blackjack by Pepper Dog Soft. Best #blackjack trainer. Great UI, teaches basic strategy, card counting!
if you jinx him
Cheap nigga if you was liqor I'd probably throw ya ass up!
Spread the word! Spread our name! Let's #GrowTheGame #kansascity!
Still waiting until uploads his surprise. <3 can't wait. :)
Longman must be cooking up a giant batch of sloppy joes, because holy crap does it smell good over here.
Westsode players bout bright as hell. Lmao!
Out with and Learning some Secrets #Allergic To
y yu tryin bagg thought we was on team
*My science teacher today* "Well if you go to Texas you can see the solar eclipse. me: Oh yes i was just gonna randomly stop by thanks LOL
bitch at this party checking her numbers on mega million
Von Paris: official mover of the Baltimore Orioles. Should Baltimore sports teams really have official movers? #Mayflower #Colts #ohshit!
Know anyone who can't get Dental or Medical ?? see, www.tek4health.com
I couldn't find source article for 50% patients not remembering Dr's info but would like to see breakdown by age/condition
Mitt's money + Rick's intellect + Sarah's tude + Kim's bod = a practical image of the ideal woman I would LOVE to one day become. Thank you.
Hadn't thought about sharing this way. I do. Am willing, I think. Critic is scary.
Injustice can be eradicated, but human clashes and natural limits can't be eradicated.
definitely! I have experience is PR, SEO & Affiliate Marketing. also guest blogs for & could prob help out too!
So much for enjoying the CATS game this weekend. #college . Maybe I should just fucking kill myself.
i have short fat fingers .. they cute doe
Great new followers this week. Happy #FF!
Doing is a quantum leap from imagining. Barbara Sher
you hurt our playboy playmate!
time to check me some new york city weather GOSH !!! some rain today!!! no
We were ALL over that this weekend!
We're so proud of our spring workshop series- contact us to find out more!
Is your official Mexican DJ tonight and !
HNY to you too - I was in London for New Years. How bout you?
playlist on all day. Thanks
I can't turn away without knowing you'll be alright
has great news information. I am proud to be following!
I shoulda went to chipotle today to celebrate cinco de mayo
Met grammy-award winning slack key guitarist Jeff Peterson last night at a small concert near Waikoloa. Inspiring guy!
Dear , Got your letter. Thanks for pwning me so good. Keepin' It Real, PowerPoint
World of Beer Festival is now on Twitter! -
Big thanks for your support!
It's 7am in Fort Worth, Texas. It's going to be a perfect day with sun and 70's. Have a great day everyone ^-^
are you going to the party at The Loft?
Just spent $217 on textbooks for ONE CLASS...sadly, that was a deal compared to what the bookstore wanted to charge....
ok- I still have the marketing analysis I did for you. I can drop it off this week if you like, since it's already done.
loves sudden NY downpours. :)
Ms. B's grading scale: -does better job on homework- Asian: 93% Mexican: 77%.....
Have you ever noticed that “lol” looks like a drowning man? I don’t think he was laughing out loud..
I don't like chocolate so I think I'm biased.
HAHAHAHAH classy very nice.
It truly makes me mad and upset when my plans get ruined.
HOT SPOT! In-DAS Engineer in Phoenix, AZ; Detroit, MI; Seattle, WA; NY/NJ Apply to: or 312-912-8748
Loving this weather!
Great! Nice restaurant RT We are gonna b a way cooler place now. New A/C unit being installed. Re open for dinner at 6.
One babbling mind Pollutes the silent landscape - Or all just one song?
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat? How do you let folks know where you're going w/out
": For those asking, yes, Jimmy Smith and Cary Williams are the Ravens' starting cornerbacks for Sunday."
Austins curly hair>>>
The sex great no I dnt give her no half pipe
Is it me, or does it seem like I'm getting less sleep when the sun rise is later?
i think the lesson isnt learned then if you keep taking the same chance :-)
Wish there's a grocery store that has kimichi, 5 spice & quinoa under one roof so i don't have to do multiple runs.
o really ! link please lol
Hustle + Muscles = Success
Jerry Brown making history in history classrooms
Yes! We look forward to more sabragemanship. Cheers!
What was Felton's + - tonight.... My guess is not good
Rape a pregnant bitch, tell my friends i had a threesome.
thanks! glad i'm not the only one a little aggravated
Meanwhile the Kicks are giving the Heat about as much resistance as a warm stick of butter.
the bar will be even worse.
Butler = clutch cargo. Raise your hand if you totally called it. Just me? Cool.
Bringing my baby a steak, loaded baked potato, and his favorite caesar salad 🍴 for dessert home made rice crispy treats 😘
RT Open Access Is Infrastructure, Not Religion is.gd/l1R8Pk Wise words on the #openaccess wars by
thy king requests that you show me yours lol ^_^
My hair isn't red anymore! :0.
“ Send 5 people really encouraging messages today about who they are in Christ and watch what God can do with so little.”
Wearing my shirt today! :)
love you both :)
Your premise?
Sandie and Tim always take good care of me. I missed you today! Someday we will meet!
Who is the best foreign band you have recently heard?
he wasn't clutch before but he grew into a clutch player this postseason...still not a full believer tho
sounds fun have fun guys not to much ok ?
it's a different generation, not everyone understands the same thing.
oh wait you're going out now?
will you marry me ? ;)
Youre not that cool yet lol
no! They are super difficult to find!!
All I want to do is be close to you, I know I might be a screw up but baby I know all I want is you
I'm sure you did great! Don't worry, I mess up playing all the time! :P
unfortunately no I did not have cloud storage setup.
no not at All. We will put dallas's Stadium to shame
instead of putting red in my hair like every other girl at school (that was my idea first) ima go put blonde in my hair BRB GUIISSS
Happy Friday LinkedIn friends!
iight see you soon baby girl
Headed north for our first Farm Beginnings class. Today's session is "Starting on Solid Ground: Integrating Values & Goals."
also, if you got Obsidian or Fez soundtrack out on vinyl i would buy that in a heartbeat. just sayin
Just about 15 more minutes until the Castle finale!!
Looking forward to a full day in NYC. Stop by the table to get answers to those social media marketing questions!
new blood !
#furchat havent used them yet, but they look like a better solution than flying on a regular airline.
What better way to spend ur Friday then at a wine tasting with a dozen of beautiful ladies...we R having a Ball
If you haven't done so yet, check out our site www.allWIdoiswin.com start reppin, now!
Movies would be better with Chocolate. #chocolatemovies "The Good, The Bad, and The Chocolate"
In a debate vs. Qadiyanis, Ml. Anwar Shah corrected their rendering of Fawatih al-Rahmut's 'ibarah, a book that he GLANCED at 32yrs prior.
RT Magnum ice cream? Really?--its real good too!
Have you ever heard the audible sigh of relief in your workplace on Friday? Wouldn't life be grand if they were this relaxed AL WEEK?
FUN FACT: Benjamin Franklin invented swim fins to help him swim faster in the Charles River as a boy.
Are you a ghostwriter? Share your experiences with those "clients from hell"
look at your avi and then talk
I miss you so much, that I cling on to random facts to think you miss me as much!!
Do Chinese and Japanese people get tattoos in English on their bodies?
Exactly! Seems so many health fairs and events are also used to promote procedures or fee services
Who will be COURSEY tomorrow for the #BCSFREEtickets GIVEAWAY!?! :)
RT : #WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay nah you guys go ahead to bdubs without me, I'm not that hungry
What's the subject of your blog?
I can't tell you what it really is, I can only tell you what it feels like
Are you going to watch the Oscars tonight?
This bus reeks of weed!!! Yummy
House party in brentwood woop woop
Great follow-up. Zeller. Defense.
#GodsGood All the time....
Today just got better...
Gwyneth, Lana del Rey, everyone: stop it with the long cape trend, we want to see the dresses
I am oddly impressed by this woman in the security line. How much time & makeup did it take to look and dress like Pam Anderson? It's 5 am!
meh record it for me!
I'm trying to make it happen, but I might be heading to England for a feature.
worst day of the week for me. Math class. The rest of the week I'm god if you are. Campus Diner misses us.
hey I love Wat u say bout love there's not tht many guys tht hve the gut to say tht
Hello Riverbend Retreat Center! Ready to rock with the Rhea's Mill students tonight!!!
. get use to it, cuz you're working the door at all my shows now.
On the couch, watching classic Bugs Bunny cartoons w/the fam. And THAT'S what's up, Doc!
Yes, it's called the Valvepod, and it is over-priced, super-sexy, and only works with things downloaded from Steamtunes.
thinks that Donald Driver is wants to hire Tonya Harding's brother to improve his odds on DWTS.
: are you proposing a Hawaiian coworking event? (Please do!!!) :)
Hopes of today is down the drain
I met a meticulous zealot who brought rocks to the beach. He believed all shorebirds were evil, so he left no tern unstoned.
What should I get for our 5 year anniversary? 5 years of dating. -- jsitton71 () season tickets for the packers.
I can't even take Lebron seriously with that hairline tho ....
w those same issues RealMad is finishing 3rd. Differences in the top 1% are incremental & fortune plays a starring role.
I'm home already I just went for a cd&to see if AT&T could fix my phone but they won't look at it because I'm not (cont)
I may have spoken too soon on the iOS 5 update- none of my non-Apple apps are opening, grrr!
Can't wait to get my computer back so I can deactivate this stupid twitter account... Won't come soon enough...
I like it because she keeps you engaged and focused without making you feel like a loser. She's actually pretty supportive. :)
We're now open for dinner hrs. All of you that are tired of eating the same things every week should come check it out. Open till midnight!
Funny, I don't remember being the only kid in class when we were taught #TheGoldenRule Do unto others as you would have done unto you
Happy Mother's Day Mom!! ♥♥♥
Having a #raging time with
Sharing edmodo with my MAT class. How many of you use it and like it?
Burnett gives Jay Hay the shaving cream pie to the face.
Unlimited download access to over 100 Digital Resource Books. Less than $50 for #sschat crew. Please direct msg. me if you are interested.
Goodnight♥♥ Sleep with a huge smile on my face.
How many times do you say "like" in a day? :O
Sometimes, things that seem really profound are just... not.
Love never dies. ("Bram Stoker's Dracula") Francis Ford Coppola
See you Thursday!
and those that reclassify or ranked number one are usual red flags
A big *BIG* congrats to one of our own, for being named one of the Outstanding Undergraduate Scholars! Way to go!
Jessica Simpson finally has her baby - NECN
“: I still love Phil and Luke though. They should get their own show. #MyOneDad” Agreed that are the most funny!
You know so little about golf. It's kinda hard to take you seriously
hey Darcy! Thanks for the retweet! :)
Top priority for Sherman will be to recharge the run game, no? It'd open up his play action QB roll-out. DeCastro fits. Agree?
Fourth "V" for #BigData (alongside: Volume, Velocity, Variety) has to be "Virtuosity" re. ability to extract useful insights via
Sending self Palin-esque emails to be sure out-of-office is working: "You are the best governor of your cubicle ever. Xoxo, your brain."
“: Capturing photographs of lightning must be an art form in itself.” they leave it on auto bro haha
WE HAVE ANOTHER WINNER: YUP- JOHN STARKS
A beautiful woman with tattoos who's got one hell of a sense of humor? I think I found myself a new friend in :)
sure! And thanks!!
NFC Season preview up on www.benchplayersports.com. Check it out and comment.
Have to get 1984. I'm not looking forward to this
IT'S ALWAYS NAPTIME SOMEWHERE
how much you adore me(:
Would it kill itunes to make Rue's whistle a text tone?
pls follow me back :-)
"he outta line, fonkin ova pussy...new boy in the game..straight rookie "
Love that you are doing this today; though, since it's a holiday, I'll be with family; hope it comes back again!
a break is in line... some serious change is in order.. but beyond that... I'm not sure.
O/U Sanchez starts more than five gms? I m goin under
Thanks for the RT Stacy! Nice to meet you at
Drew's looking forward to returning home next month to see what the are up to!
Yippee!! Enjoy EPCOT today and have a Mickey IceCream Bar for me!! Don't forget to ride Soarin'!!
These peopl are literall rlly good on xbox...gamers much..I got 5 kills and 16 deaths!!ima done with xbox live
What would you do if you seen someone getting bullied?
The #love of learning; the sequestered nooks and all the sweet serenity of books. - Henry Ward Beecher
Engaging presenters make all the difference at #sxsw. Seen the best and worst already.
So, he was just the chauffeur??? lol Did i spell that right???
Completely understand your predicament. Twitter is a great way to get the message out and appreciate you doing so.
Officially addicted to the Honey Roasted Cashews .
my first reaction was "hollinger boxes!"
Thanks so much ! I had a pretty great day :)
Today is glorious day!!!
Kim Joonmyun is a guardian. Omg. He can watch over me anyday. It's all good. Omg.
The Best Deals are comming!!!
The world's greatest and sexiest grad ball date
These cuts to #SSBG will have signifiant impacts on abused children & the services to help them.
I bet none y'all know Al Horford is dominican...
with messianic rulership over the nations, sitting on the throne of David, bearing his "new name".
Testimony beginning in court hearing on public access to Capitol.
Thanks to all who came for the beer tasting. New fave was a porter from small Danish brewer To Ol. Look for it on our tap list soon.
am I the only one who fell off their bed dieng laughing at this? Lawlllll.
Any hit guys text me on KIK (:
Jill Scott.
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Come visit us for breakfast, lunch or dinner!
omg I'm gonna be going to Bosten to!!!!!!!
Going back to Rage. Taking on new meaning right about now. My only thought: WHY DO I CARE?
omg he's the next one? What a cutie!!!
what's that again?
LSU awarded prior to bowl, Iowa received the FWAA after the bowls.
I know my birthday was 6days ago, but it would be great to get a 'Happy Birthday'.... PLEASE??? ...I love you<3
Have You Ever Had A Near Death Experience?
Missing someone
RT : 80% of Americans believe education system is broken, yet 80% of parents think their schools are fine - Jon Schnur
Lol what do you mean? I have already done that to my room
An American will play Princess Di while Aussie network yanks cash from Jane Campion's Top of the Lake b/c Elisabeth Moss isn't a national.
I'm surprised there aren't crazy gelt hunters raiding the west coast to snatch up debris from the Japanese Tsunami.
People into every pitch here at Coors. Ubaldo is beautiful. 1-2-3 in first inning...
haha that's harsh but it's ok:))
doing great!! Thanks!
cuz everyone thinks their BS is better than everyone else's BS!
Congrats!!!!!!! So happy for you both!
Off to the High Museum! Closing of "Picasso to Warhol" exhibition tonight, with DJs, guest lectures and DIY screen printing!
sorry mistweeted wrong handle :)
I'm in Panama! Halfway there!!
Salad diet today lol
Yay! See you at the show.
it would be so much better if tomorrow didn't exist and we could just skip on over to thursday. who needs march 31st anyways?
so far so good! you
Negra! it's on the label!
I wake up morning feeling better then yesterday. But anywho u learn for a lot if things and life
Someone develop a genius tool for ISD folk - "since you use this activity, you may also like something like this"...
I know!!! And I'm pretty good! How are you??? ;p
If you are real, let me see you clap your hands!
The Wave have another power play.
A girl's way of putting together furniture: everytime it tells me to screw, I hammer. Seems to be working...
I know we need some tall retailers with clothes and prices like and trendy and inexpensive. :)
seriously. Here in the US we don't pay teachers enough too, but its always tough to see starving artists w/ real skill
I know there are proms going on tonight. Please everyone be careful. :-)
#whyad2? Because I get to spend this lovely Spring Saturday with
I wish :( I have to work tonight..
Loved the #chipotle ad just now!
Interesting concept - students need to learn how to read online differently than a book. Anyone teach this?
Got message from #AT&T that I'm using too much data despite unlimited plan? Looking into legal options for possible breach of contract.
Don't Do Sadness is being uploaded tonight! Keep your eyes peeled!
Father daughter bonding, singing One Direction <3
Now that's the best fun a man or woman could ever have as long as it was with you!
The Avengers was good af
She's due October 3! :)
I am a beast a lousivell chigger
In this market be careful to choose your mortgage lender carefully. They are not all equal!
Finding cheap hotels in NYC is getting tougher. And don't say Jamaica works.
only if someone gets mad about it
vacant or rent it out?
RT : So are yall happy they might actually "Free Boosie" one day? Oh. <~I'm surprised that the "Free Boosie" campaign worked lol
just booked my flight for California!!!
OMG you beat Lucy to death with your football, Charlie Brown.
Wanna get out da house ...!!!!
Hey sexual. I wanna be your toiletgirl.
#teamfollowback LEHHH GOO. I follow back. I follow EVERYONE that follows me.
checking out how to use Zamzar to download YouTube videos
RT : RT : When spider webs combine - they can tie up a lion
Accepting casting resumes for directed by e-mail
yes, please! RT : baking for the team at the office tomorrow. cake for breakfast?
I'm so tired of going out. I've hardly been home since Friday
It's official! the caipirinha is the Friday office adult drink!
That was a good one!!
'You Hurt My Feelings' (the new film from Steve Collins, starring ) is now on Twitter:
were the party at im down party hard yea
Jacksons franklins either one of them
Im happy for yall NYC Mahomies & everything.. but there's other states out there too. He shouldnt just go to the same state all the time ..
"Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming" - John Wooden
I just want someone to give me the feeling you did
I'm screamin WHAT THE FUCK IS UP?, like I ain't seen the sky
Let's not say Old when we mean Distinguished, now.
Just cheated the diet and had a few spoonfuls of ben and jerry's strawberry shortcake frozen yogurt!! Might as well hit wing house tonight!
Why must my flight this morning be So. F'ing. Early?
me too! Thursday/Fridays are the best!
Happy Easter!
Any guess who will be returning punts tomorrow? Should be a lot of action for whoever it is...
Simply put, prayer opens the doors for enormous power to flow into your life – the power of God.
What's everyone up to today?
Pretty sure GOPer email inboxes say the same thing.
Ground the beans. Put water and pot into coffee maker. Turned on delay brew. Detect the missing step? Woke up to a pot of hot water this am.
I love you with ALL my heart! Think about you all day! :)
I hope not! RT : Are companies who use Google + well, do they also send the same messaging out thru other social venues?
haha what's up Samm how is the ol' parkway drugs treatin ya
Hey there Deliah what's it like in New York City? I'm a thousand miles away, but girl tonight you look so pretty, yes you do. ♥
Think you stink? You are better than tons. Think you are awesome? You still got tons of work to do to be the best!
Let me know when you run your 1st 5k I'll run with you. Become a Possibilitarian.
happy new year everyone, from Caliburr Records, now get started on those resolutions
#thatcampgames Monty Hall Problem demonstrates risk-aversion as students' difficulty engaging in critical thinking
NSAC: We have the opportunity to allow you to come back to us for a license. I would be supportive of Overeem re-applying in 9 months
lol! Have a fantastic day! I'm so excited for you!
I am striving to keep you out of my conscious mind, please stop invading my dreams. It's an unfair battle.
just don't forget me when I make it big
I think Drake's campaign will forever change higher ed brand marketing. Blog post to come...
Listening to 80s music!! #Ilovethe80s And you? What are you listening to?
how's it going? Do you have your plan?!
#NewiCarlyTonight !! Remember To Tune In! Tonights Episode Is Called "iPear Store" !!
Instructional Design info--->
I Might Be A Very Dedicated Directioner But I Will ALWAYS ! Stay ICONic Blue . Its Already In My Blood .
I think it's time for some public nudity. Hook up time at the park!
blew a fuse in my office w/ a space heater. Think I should just work from home.
That concert was so good. He's so talented. I NEED to see him again.
I think I've seen this before ;-) how many twitter accounts do u run? ;-)
If you aren't helping me and if you aren't valuing my help then it's not a relationship. It's a leech.
Predict the future by acting boldly.
Rise&Shine
#MyFirstWishFor2012 is that I continue to stay motivated, spiritual & persistent in bettering my life & the life of my niece!
burned 180 calories doing 30 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
that moment when you order so much chinese food for yourself that they give enough fortune cookies for 3 people.
Bummed I missed you yesterday! I saw Dreux @ the booth but sad I didn't make it to you. Hope day 2 is great!
Up late and thinking about gifts! Mostly about baby gifts-seems like everyone I know is having babies:)
Sweet action! Thanks Today's #BucksThrowbackThursday winner is....
IF YOU'RE AGAINST GAYS HAVING SEX LET THEM GET MARRIED!
if you've got some stats already, share it. It can only help the overall intention.
Tried, but form is broken. Oh well. RT : Have you locally owned business listed in Go Buy Rochester!
The 8 Ft. Fluorescent Tubes show
Her dress is WAY too tight. Extremely unattractive. Makes her look even older than she really is.
now you're getting me worried! ;)
true. Totally devoid of the angles. Still... If he knows how to work it.
doesn't it spellcheck in firefox? and I think my phone checks
#Swaaaaagggggg where are the rest of the photos
I love how #RIM is suing #kik. What a joke. So #blackberry messenger is supposed to be the only messenger service?
I'm so undecided.
In FOCO (Fort Collins) with 2 of my besties. We are doing schoolwork. It is pure bliss. With snow.
t minus one week until the grizz returns...
hey all, thanks for the follow!
Freedom of speech but....RT : Watch what you say. It can get misinterpreted.
Cinco de Mayo Pedal Tavern? Yes please.
40 minutes to get from Mt. Vernon to Federal Hill is ridiculous.
Live from the Byron Nelson in Irving, TX. Steve Elkington getting things going...birdies on 4 of 5 so far...cloudy skies and cooler temps
RT : This is a great site for everybody to view and learn from. My granddaughter is my hero. DJGRANNY1
First of all #ff my beautiful lady she's amazing at everything
ur such a good actress i love Good Luck Chuck ur so pretty
What are three features you would like to see on a sports journalism website?
Hope our captain, Lucy Keith, had a great birthday today! She turned 22!
But im bouta, go to walmart n get me one of these big ass cupcakes
Just living is not enough. One must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.-Hans Christian Anderson
Neal Stephenson Q&A @ Nat BookFest: "Which of your books would you select to be made into a movie? NS: "The shortest one." Nice.
please tell us your thoughts on the GOP race.
well doesnt that show how lame you are(: haha
All set for a German style New Year's Day: Bavarian Omelette, Schnitzel of Chicken, Hoppel Poppel Breakfast Skillet Casserole...
not sure depends if i'm going to Orlando or Miami I don't know yet :p
Oh My Gosh .... I Hate When People Take Sht Farther Than Its Purpose !
Elaine Sullivan F'12: GIS & 3D model allowing researchers to virtually experience Saqqara, ancient Egyptian cemetery
Bernie was a lot of fun!
OH: Calix- I stepped away, what did I miss? Oh, I didn't notice you were gone!
when?!! I miss u so much
You're way outta line son,not a big fan at all, but it is redunkuloushow far people are debasing his talents cause hes white.
I swear to god there's more time for the ads than the actual show.
1 more day of school after today ^_^
RT : I will never be perfect, but I will always be unique :)
WHEN YOU THINK YOU KNOW EVERYTHING, YOU LEAVE NO ROOM FOR GROWTH....
it worked in Up with a house, and that was a documentary. So, yes, yes it will!
Lol I was like is that Sia
you're welcome!
If you had to choose between Your girlfriend and your Bestfriends? What would you choose?
chiquito means little boy...
sleep is for the weak
I'm in A currently. Kind of wish I had chosen B. Meet in downstairs lobby area at lunch?
Actions speak louder than words, lemme try this shit. dead.
Buy a watch for your Mom today and well give you on for free !! Buy one get one
If you are looking for the hottest Gay Places in Orlando go to www.hgpof.com the rest of Florida go to www.hottestgayplaces.com
if having a three-way phone study sesh with Christine and Stefan won't get me a good grade on Huck's test, nothing will...
I have to study for Italian
RT : Quote of the day: I can't tell if people are at #SXSW to learn or just to celebrate how great they think they are.
you can shut up on these nuts lmao
Bahahahaha miss you too!!
I liked it so much i just subscribed! I love your cover of Whip My Hair btw :) xx
The moon is lighting up my room! & that's not a lyric!
heartbroken dude
Through the trees, the red tips of the Lake Mohonk Mountain House come into view.
The next anti-Youtube startup. Follow them to know what they are up to!
And where can you go wrong when you have God with you?? :)
Congrats to our final winner Kelli Martinez!! Wishing everyone a splendid Mother's Day evening.
The book seems really well researched and I like Lord's writing style. Pretty excited about it.
Currently looking for an opening within a local Real Estate Company or Land Developer in an Administration capacity. Preferring part time p…
call somebody or something lol that will put you to sleep
Instead of you itching, you get bitching; instead of you scratching, you get bashing; instead of irritation, you get frustration
GM, I HAVE A PRODUCTIVE WEEKEND AHEAD AND SOME GREAT OPPORTUNITIES TO TACKLE. CLEARED MY MIND OF ALL NEGATIVITY AND HATE! BLESSINGS EVERYONE
almost 10am and i still havent been to sleep but trust and believe when my head hits this pillow later its all over !
#HowImGRAND No matter what happens in my life i stay strong and dont hurt myself
|!~!!+ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Save the Date. Post St. Paddy's March Happy Hour set for Wed. March 21 from 6-8
Feels great to laugh! Life is serious enough & way too short! <3 xox
3 page ad!
I want to go to the music festival today..
Wow talking shit about your own sister while shes sitting there carisah your fucking pathetic
My earliest memory of TV press tour was dramatic reading of Thorn Birds press kit over bus PA while headed to Simi Valley.
Good morning and happy weekend most lovely followers!
Hey and others, if you're in the neighborhood, Bliss on 19th in the Heights has HIWI:Ike on sale this week. $14.99.
“: Restore your Afrikan essence” school em
Took a bus(es) to Montana once... took me 2.5 days. Ya, it's a weird way to travel, but very economical.
I'm back on my game!!!!
I unfollow people because they unfollow me first, simple.
I know that's right.
Good Morning 😁
I love your name :O
Check your cgu email; I don't have an alternate email.
I just studied half of what I have to, now I need to read 150 pages... Should I take a Grey's Anatomy break? :/ I think so.
man I best hit up NY for a DXC or SneakerCon next time around
any questions you want me to ask Ricky Bo at lunch? No signs of the phanatic yet.
Biggie Give Me One More Chance . >>>
I love daylight savings time. Not a morning person so perfect. And will give me an extra hour to shop
I cannot give you a formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure-which is: Try to please everybody. -Herbert Bayard Swope
#pointlesspope So, Benedict XVI met / Fidel, blessed Chavez & mass for cuban government but had no time for or
The full line of Jethro Baits Products are avaiable on the web at Land Big Fish!
Too much chocolate .
At the Cedar Ridge National Honor Society thing. I don't wanna be here. Omg.
if u can try to get follow me
ABC5 is looking for folks flying over Memorial Day wknd-- there are really cheap deals out there; story for 10!
What? Are you OK?
gets better and better everyshow!
High School coaches, get your athletic directors to talk to us! We can help make your athletic department money and expose your guys!
i think im gonna give away my fest ticket. or maybe come up with a creative idea for someone to win it. sup?
rigatoni basil pesto with chicken, or the tuscan rigatoni. both SO good!
lightning on a webcam? Sweet
cleaning cleaning cleaning!! all this work someone better buy this house. : )
No, she hasn't
#SometimesYouHaveTo believe in yourself and follow your heart!!
Went to school for 3 periods today && tomorrow only going for 1 period :) just because I'm a boss && I can ♥ ;)
nothing wrong with white guys lol
is the first person in history of social network to reach Nineteen Million Monsters on Twitter!
A night out at #DFW The Vibe. The Food. #Ridiculous Get some.
Happy Mother's Day ladies!
Any last minute fantasy baseball leagues I can join? Have kinda dropped the ball on trying to find one
Aw...that's pretty awesome of you. We are pretty good at Rockband, but we're better at the stock market. Thanks for the mention!
#Sandusky Can there be a comparison between the MJ molestation accusations and Sandusky? Check out my read on the Insider tonight at 7:30.
by tomorrow
June 1st is about to make us alcohol enthusiasts real REAL happy
Totally, I'd give her some money to grind on me.
Rt His Lonely Heart pushing him over the Thin Red Line in Mad City as he tried to Get Shorty. Now Look Who's Talking!
We haven't gotten to Julie Andrew's Scully yet. ": I could have gone all night without that visual, lol!"
TIL the word "ewok" is never spoken in Return of the Jedi. How did I know what those things were called?
Do they make ultra-fine tip erasable pens?
- all recruiters aren't bad...granted, most of them are...that's why I became one.
What? isn't the only one with #tigerblood, you know.
RT : Q2) Empower them to be content curators and share back with L&D team to promote more broadly across org. #realwplearn <Like this!
Aha! I've found the source of new followers. Thanks so much for the shout out ! I'm a big fan of G&tG! Pig face, FTW!
I havent taken my meds in days, no wonder why i am so damn weak and sleepy all the time.
It's still Packers season Brewers fans. GO PACK GO!
AAAAAHHHHH!!!!! This day pretty much sucked.
I cant sleep, and having a King size bed is not help tonight !!.
Awesome, i wanna get my steampunk on for a minute, maybe minue the hooks, we shall have to see, i do have something planned!
Crap does this mean I have to give back his Audi? KIDDING.YAY! RT just got off the phone with Badenhop, he's officially free!
Big Four lighting it up! Silky smooth Rondo #Celtics!!!!
Trent Richardson dating Princess from Crime Mob. That's what's up!
A new Venntive client just imported and attached *200* different searchable Tags to contacts in the CRM module w/o prior User Field set-up!
totally agree! we can handle a little flack for being trendsetters in mke, right? :)
Reality check it was good while it lasted....bitch(dymond) get outcha feelns. I almost lost myself. Bak to me i go
Love you mommy. :)
Do so. Blink is one of the best; also, terrifying.
We We're Soldiers
pig vomit.
-missed it. transcript? were you talking about #coworking? or #dtsj?
good morning stranger! Lol
I think it's pretty common. Every club I played for was all girls. But that was years ago so who knows!
How does "cherished narrative" of tinkering autodidact influence willingness to integrate digital courses in grad school?
In Iowa at the I-80 Worlds Largest Truck Stop
as far as free stuff goes, the pitchfork day party on Thursday looks good. And Waterloo and hype machine got some shows
congrats on those proposals! the self employed creative life needs to be fruitful :-)
The only thing "big" about the political parties is their waistlines.
Getting online in a PC-less world | The India Daily
Is it bad that I almost don't want to go to the Caps game tomorrow?
Toilet paper? RT : Can anyone guess what 's top selling product is? I learned this from the great report on
Its better to call your own shot then to let someone else call it for you......
#Lol at your midlife crisis tweets
Meeting early afternoon, hopefully it turns into something
No, able-bodied 20-something year old guy outside of CVS, I will NOT give you some change. If I can work everyday, so can you. Get a job!!
"nothing stops another day."
Heading back to Mississippi
Maya!!! Xo
Of course, smelly Russian lady, take your screaming toddler to the DMV. That won't at all be like I've entered the fourth circle of hell.
twould be an amazing dress.
hahahahahahahaha so funny!
is my new celebrity crush
Ask me how to "Fall into Fabulous" this season
Support our Artists at Poised Creation! They support non-profits in your community!
Venue Registration will end June 6th! www.ghartwalk.com
the are a little in the meddle!
Good luck with the Rangers. Maybe is a Texas fan and you'll have better luck getting a hold of him
I like Kendall Wright a lot so I wouldn't do it. Wright could still be available at No. 22.
can u give me a shoutout??please I need more followers
#playing on #repeat .. So Happy I Could Die !
This morning the Chispa Marketing team will be representing Team Hammy at the 11th Annual Lou Gehrig’s Disease 10K Run & 5K Run/Walk!...
Glad you liked it. Thank you!
New New Year's Resolution: I will always, always, keep my camera at hand.
Was bound to happen but didn't see it being so early in the season... RT : Don. NO. NO. NO.
‎50 years ago..blacks and whites (teenagers and young adults) boarded buses to fight for equality of all people (Freedom Riders)
Tired of perfect Tumblr girls ugh
need to sleep... night everyone!
Doing some projection mapping for local student production of "Shape of Things". Thank god for #Processing!
aw :( how is she doing?
With all the fests this Holy Week and Passover, tis not a good time to be either beast or yeast.
About to mess with my nails because im bored lol
RT : Good lord, every rebound in this game is like a line-of-scrimmage play in the NFL. [thank the "just let them play" folks..]
Finally home
are you feeling unloved?
I have nightmares sometimes about my thesis just saying
McDonald's then Disney world !
Good morning everyone! :) :)
I'm not one to fangirl over Bieber, but he is downright delectable in the Boyfriend video.
haha what does that have to do with me?
Are da bulls gonna mount a comeback?
What pressure? Can't wait to experience #JDAFOCUS12! On my way, so see you soon.
#TheatreTriviaTues Theater in New York did not start out on Broadway, but on what Manhattan street?
We have actually had the opportunity to interview Cody Simpson and Jessica Jarrell :)
Sending you peace~
Big thanks to artist Jimmy Longoria for intro'ing me at Ellison Campaign Open House. Go Jimmy.
I'm looking to get a band going, be patient fans, hopefully here soon, I'll be out and abut again. Love you all.! <3
is #wordpress down for me or everyone?
no one deserves to go to the Super Bowl more than me, because I am a great man.
He seriously know's how to make my day♥;D
Sorry, I try not to, but sometimes I forget what I know because of the books and not the show.
Somebody has GOT to kill Future....like yesterday
What an opening weekend! Four great shows, massive audiences all around, and even more great stuff to come.
"I have been young, and now am old; Yet I have not seen the righteous forsaken, Nor his descendants begging bread" -Psalm 37:25
Hi Alums! We love hearing about all you've been up to! Send us a Tweet!
Thank you so much and no worries! Safe travels and I can't wait to hear about your amazing trip!
Joe Oliver - fail. Just fail x 1000.
I remembered it just now. Thanks. Thanks alot.
In our world where everything is a number, struggle to be a plus to anybody, rather than a minus - john b. bejo
Headed to the clubhouse pool in Westlake. <3 Time to get my tan on & swim! :D
In the carr with my bro listening to dance dance by fall out boy <3
I hate this class so much. With a passion.
Heading in now ...
Noel Cowardesque. RT If only my insults were as good as Noel Coward or William Shakespeare. Wishful thinking.
Any time, Kidwell. I'm always happy to call you a spaz. :)
If nothing else, I am successful at charming mailroom guys. Most recent package (eShakti dress!!) came with a smiley face.
and it works! ;)
what happened?!!!
“: Be gone 2 point scoring team fans...you suck.” In reality, Eli actually scored those 2 points for them.
Thanks for the RT! Boneshaker Public House looks AWESOME, we'll have to pay you a visit sometime =)
I wish had taken a pix of you while you were taste testing the flavors. Lol too funny. #Rita's
#YouNeedANewBoyfriend when all he does is try to get with your best friend :P
see you there!
#Breaking on : Cleveland HS in SE Portland being evacuated because of bomb threat. No explosives found. are on scene
Solace ? You should be worried about our LED addiction.
People always goin to talk
I love love love the feelings I wake up with!
When that happens to me it means all the books are behind schedule!
Fuck you Titi faces that take me to Wendy's. 😠
65 is cold!! Feeling like a Floridian. Next, i'll stop using my turn signal and start crossing the street when I feel like it.
Do you think you do research everyday? On what topics? Work or personal?
If a module gets tested rigorously, I would imagine a core theme would get the same evaluation/
sure is fantasy points looki nice!
funny how there isnt much talk about the superbowl this morning. that's so 14 seconds ago.
he is one crazy SOB totally.
hello - I'm going to Dublin soon...! What's it like ?
HAHA you can delete it off fb but you cant off twitter
Why is it that when my life is so perfect, someone or something comes in to destroy it, and everything is gone?
I'm kind of shocked at it actually. Time warp house hunting.
#Winning! I know my people.
I think should follow me what do you think Robert ? <3
Thanks for a great Twitter session today! #ASTD Lincoln
Down here in Shreveport using Vandoren 3V 16s on alto and Rico Jazz 3H for the bass clarinet.
Tire iron?
RT : Hey Friends! Spring Sprout Sale starts today & runs through next monday! Buy one get one free!! Only at our general store!
Ya, the score is pretty forgettable. How'd you like the film?
No success is immediate, nor is any failure instantaneous. They're both products of what you believe, how you think, and what you do.
thanks for supporting shopping to educate !
Ready to go rt : Be honest. How many of you are tempted to go to a storage unit auction after watching Storage Wars?
I want to write a howler...
LIVING LIFE TO ITS FULLEST often means fully enjoying what you have been given and not fully getting what you want...
I think I'm finally becoming me again. It's kinda sad to say that it took fighting old battles to feel good again but it's true. (c)
Happy Mothers Day To my beautiful mom & all the others mothers out there <3
No problem!(:
Why, thank you, Foodwoolf. Not sure of the symbolism, but the iced latte sure looks good.
Who else has missed someone so much that they can feel the pain in their stomach and all they want to do is cry & scream? I feel like this.
Time to wrap up! Hope you enjoyed this hour of #wine chat with Jamie Kutch Winemaker
LOL! Mine fell off years ago.
Sometimes small and important things can make u feel smile....
please notice me i love you so much but you dont even know i exist but i still love you!!!!!!
I asked if the #Rockies would hit the 25 run mark on this roadie. They'll have to put up some crazy 3 and 4 run games
"He who is the Glory of Israel does not lie or change his mind; for he is not a man, that he should change his mind." 1 Samuel 15:29
Only time I wish I had straight hair is anytime I want to put on a hat.
Some stuff, then get drunk. Call me when you're done
i love your quotes. they make me feel beautiful in every way<3
thanks for RT - have a fabulous day!
Happy Birthday Demi! <3 I love you. You are my all. Thank you for being so strong. Never change! We love you for you. :)
I knew--KNEW--you'd be the first to respond. And with the roman! Nice!
That awkward moment when someone says "haters gonna hate" so you say "Mahomies gonna love" and a kid thinks you're trying to be ganster..
I notice that my # of followers remains steady at 1/2 my # of tweets. Do I really pick up .5 followers per tweet? Is this a general rule?
what about the running back sitiuation?
Inspired by our 200/400/800 interval workout today to start a conversation around:
Now the real #1 team is about to start its Spurs time!!!
