Inspired to get productive today.
RT : Great work by all four! RT : I just won a Pulitzer Prize with , and !
i'm working on it babe.i'm writing him again. Keep at it. cuz if he doesn't check his tweets he will never get it
Looks like I'll be joining the #OccupyMemorial movement on Saturday. No tix but still gonna be fun.
Thank you! It was a great event!
Haha love you too :P
Ok so....Its Thursday!!!!! LADIES NIGHT!!! Come out to D.I.L.L.I.G.A.F'S in Bradley tonight to see and guest DJ Pudge.
260 people have opted for the print subscription to ($65); only 60 have opted for the digital subscription ($51).
Discipline creates freedom.
When I Roll up...everybody..watching....Boss
fight kita nah :P
let me know if you need a ticket. Might be able to help you on that. We are on 9th/Alder pod downtown now.
ironic right? Where are the female CEO's hm
No matter how life goes by I still love u emily!!!
#20thingsaboutme 13. when i here a good beat to a song it doesnt matter where i am i dance like an idiot its fun to have people look at you
Well done to the team yesterday at #gbmaa interclub special thanks to
Ok bet,Just sent you a email
Woops. The stink eye I am receiving from the guy to my left right now tells me I talked to the wrong girl.
Lol we're perfectly normal!
I just been chillin bein who they tryin to be
Lmao RT : girl I'm over here already knowing...I'm in denial :(
I have an idea... Delivery. I have to stare at your restaurant all day at work- would you please send me an ultimate cheeseburger?
we'll be there!
Letter from the provost's office totally made my heart race 'cause I thought I must be in trouble. Was a thank u for serving on a committee.
Lmao I took my gma fruit snacks out ha hand & said thanks & she gon say "I oudda throw yo fruity butt all the way in the living room lmfao!
": lol agree like shit “: ": I think girls are naturally fake!"”" jus saying lol
; time to go get ready for finals today ..
All about me!! No one will do for you like you can... If that makes any sense
A bouquet from your employer for a promotion is nice, but a bouquet to your spouse for years of support is Class. #greatplacetowork!
I should one day!
I publish my own books and need developpers who will make it interactive. Do you do that? or only publish your own?
1 minute till show time.
I Don't Know/If I Care/I'm The Jerk/Life's Not Fair/Fighting All The Time/This Is Out Of Line/She Loves Me Not (8) Papa Roach.
Thats awesome Courtney! :)
“No one can claim understanding of the Late Middle Ages who has not read a BOH in bed.” C. de Hamel
ya guys we need tha opertunity . #Survivior needs people with a strong will & goal to WIN rather than follow!
Something I miss about Texas: thunderstorms. You just don't get em in San Francisco.
Well...That's exactly how everyone imagined this week's episode of to end haha
American Pickers looking for Kentucky sites for March visit. Email if you have a site that is worth pickin'
Obituaries would be more entertaining if they explained how the person died.
you said its German lol?
“: no prob buddy! Thanks for singing the demo hook for tam, k, and myself :)” my pleasure! Great hook!
#ThingsHarryStylesSays GET OUT OF MY KITCHEN! :
'11 is gone and in the rear view..#Bonnaroo'12! Counting down the days until line up is dropped
Forget what hurt you but never forget what it taught you
Really glad the only way we can be scored on is BS shots or PK's.
"We are at capacity for photographers for that show" really means "no, you can't be credentialed." Then finding out there was only 1 there.
She's really talent on :) She's very sweet to everyone. You deserve it, you made amazing for ♥
Oh, so now you start tweeting?
Mccoy just scored aswell, comeback on maybe
just for you :)
Hey Great meeting u in Vegas at #NABShow. Didn't even discuss the MA connection...
little late for earth day......
I think your Twitter account may have been hacked. I've been getting some spam DMs.
i coold fill books with shit most people don&#39;t know
I think I'm not going to cut any of my hair the whole summer. Also meaning I'm not going to cut my side or bangs.
Good Morning World!.
Does anyone have orange vans?!
VisionQuest's Art in the Wildlands is a terrific cooperative event - Yucaipa/Calimesa News Mirror
I honestly believed in you.
Me too. I just love every icon I've ever had of Josh!
RT : if you not following , you're missing out! haha > Yeah, he's already in my TL. Thanks.
I wondered why my boss put me in a listening skills class when I "teach" speaking and comm skills...
If your toes are beat, no amount of polish will help.
front desk duty = dancing to "Call Me Maybe", hoping no one walks by the front door.
Costa Concordia: bridge officer training is a rigorous business
good god... unbelievable. who do we need to contact for a new mod?
"Facebook posts that mention alcohol, shoes or animals are a big hit for our fans" Gabrielle de Papp, VP
Peace to Shane @ Comey Dog!
All the money I have saved up is for shows mostly. Fuck food and clothes.
putting lights up in my room. so pretty!
To love someone means to see him as God intended him.
It's finally happened. is on Twitter!
IT'S TIME TO TALK ABOUT HOW MR. POTATOHEAD CAN EXPRESS MORE EMOTION THAN KRISTIN STEWART
Coach, he is well liked by us Miami Heat fans as an original Heater -: NY Knicks Josh Harrelson = Pat Cummings? Old time Knick
Gotta love it when someone follows you to get a follow back...then unfollows you five minutes later. is a
If you start a ska band can I be the guy that just skanks on stage in a suit?
I appreciate you following back. :) Hope the rest of your weekend is super spectacular!
Yes, the weather stinks, but we still hung "Small Treasures" this afternoon. Opening Friday night.
#SXSW Film Fest movie #4 - "Jeff" - a documentary about Jeffrey Dahmer. Remember the city he was arrested in back in '91?
Do you think the Carousel of Progress should/will ever get another update?
As u should be gorgeous! RT : <<<--- is feeling good and looking good
I need to go to H & M classics...outbidding Saks!
I'm at in Woodbridge... custom fit ftw! They measure you, test you, make you run, & fit you... it's like a shoe matchmaker.
yeah how old are you now?
#ASTD2012 Is off to a great start! Have seen lots of our great customers.
the Photo Safari is a balloon photography rally at the musuem, with food, music and fun!
Ha! We'll take it under advisement!!!
WADE ass got on bs with Rip ass
Didn't think the Raiders would have ever surpassed any team including the Saints in integrity. I saw the pig fly, did you?
I guess I'm not who you thought I was.
KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe News Weather, Video - Dodgers sale finalized ... - KTVN
Just tapped Fat Woody from Silver City!!
I am sad for the families of Farrah and Michael.
Congrats to #SDSU Coach Steve Fisher...much deserved 4 yr extension. Presser @ 2pm Monday. Great for #Aztecs and Recruits. #GoAztecs!
Overheard in Chelsea: "My maid is a transvestite and just like a man, she's horrible at dusting. "
#FF so appropriate for this Carolina girl :) master lyricist, taking tunes & making them your bitch. Rock on!
#FF because they rock and actually #FF my personal twitter as well! :) <3
Donald Trump urinal cakes for your locker room are a great gift for your coach.
I would, but I wouldn't make it too far :)
no way impossible
Hahahahaha omg I love that.
I don't understand y fans "Boo" certain picks. Cant we just be happy&excited 4 these kids? Come on they just got drafted 2the NFL!
Beastie Boys were a little before my time. Didn't listen to them much. But I do know how influential they were for a lot of people.
On the burner - MORNING'S LIGHT a drama - a runners guide to writing... Feet don't fail me now, run Max RUN.
As long as you can fall in love with the next rendition of the product/service, then we'll allow that love affair
BBT was new. Don't know about Community.
u know what sit on this -->> Middle Finger<---
No woman will ever be truly satisfied because no man will ever have a chocolate penis that ejaculates money
Hey Darren, thanks for all the great things you are doing with your magazine in helping us to achieve success in our journey!
Hello Koji!! Hope you vaguely remember my eccentric self - this is Twitter and a different social media platform, after all! :)
Yay for mobile tweets!
More like, hilarious on so many levels. :D
I'm done with everything and everyone right now hands down
Now I'm shipping Lile with Ivy Lynn.
#Brewers SS Alex Gonzalez has torn ACL in right knee
thank you :) haha do i know you?
aww. Drake misses her.
Lebron james party at the epic hotel in downtown miami!!!!!! Welcome to Miami Bosh in Wade COUNTY..let's find u a crib in Lebroward
The #National commercial they keep playing during #wellsfargo tourney is killing me. Learn what #SEO is, you're contextually incorrect
Chuck all ways kept it real :)
Marry you - Ryan Beatty
hope you didn't fall asleep on the way to Arizona!
never settling
The Dads word was not gold. Fools Gold it was. Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me.
ill be sure to save you a shirt!!
We will be at 's Farmers Market tonight. Stop by for your Memorial Day weekend wardrobe!
y wat happen
Already have it auto tuned!
RT : 7 #Tips to use #Gmail more Productive www.hcbbi.th8.us
i had a great weekend. how about yours?
omg wow that was an emotional twister. Right there.
3 hours of nonstop Family guy!
O literary criticism: narrative is the means by which humans translate/mediate between other objects that affect us
What's next? A book by the Lion King, written for gazelles, explaining how strong lion legs r gud for them?
Christmas was 1.5 months ago bud
Right. That makes sense.
LOVE THE NEW PIX
Free lunchtime music in Schenley Plaza from 12-2 today, courtesy of the Pittsburgh Parks Conservancy!
Man, Omar Gonzalez sure did make A.J. DeLaGarza look 10x better than he is, didn't he?
Retweet if smokin dank makes you feel good:-)
A little taste of what we have to look forward to this term when the court deliberates affirmative action/U of Texas.
because I'm stealing him from you this week muahahahaha #sorryimnotsorry :)
“The days distractions always leave me unprepared for the nights loneliness when missing you is the worst.”
- interesting cause that's close to a Pareto distribution? 8000 is 23% of total zips, and has 80% of the diabetes pop.
Now that i have ate in a legit italian resteraunt.... i know they ARE LOUD PEOPLE!! Even though theyre cute, i could not deal with the l ...
You're retarded. Dragonscale is light armor anyways, so they're two different classes.
Be careful Ashley.. ": Sprite bottle filled wit 100 proof. Jus a matter of time nd ima be on my level"
Ha. Clouds ate the top of all the tall buildings downtown this morning.
#HappyMothersDay Love you Momma! :)
It's almost golf season. Time to break out Tiger Woods golf for the Wii.
Reminder: We have 3' x 5' White & Blue Checkered flags (w/ PVC Pole) for sale for $10! Love to see these throughout Morrison!
#rolltide MT I wish I could be in New Orleans for the game. Opportunity like this only comes along like once every other year.
yes u are
When it comes to that...shits real.
my mom says shes sick of the song boyfriend becuase i ve played it non stop since i got home from school ;)
Thank you! :)
Andy Weatherall is a
i'm out of school already xD :)ILYShawty<3
Haha, never my friend! I did clean house after reactivating but you're a true favorite.
ah best wake up ever 💜
Dowloading turn to you right now!!! Cant wait to hear it its number 8 already ahh cnt wait to hear it(:
hey congrats on your piece tonight on
George Mason Patriots ‘GMU Basketball Backboard ’ Pendant – 14KT Gold Jewelry
you too Mexican!! Just did my grito for us MEXICAN folks lol
That one minute party you have when the teacher walks out of the classroom.
New Girl holds a special place in my TV heart.
On the dark side of YouTube stumbled across a video of Cleveland from Family Guy spitting Ross' verse from "Ima Boss".
I gotta start goin out wit smarter girls.....4real
November 20th is the #TeDxYouth Day presentations in South Florida ~ Are you ready to see all the creativity in our local youth?
good. I don't need them bothering me for a statement during the game.
my french is tough.
Nice quiet weekend. Trying to get rid of my cold. Watched alot of the Rolex 24hrs at Daytona.
And to top it up my boy work here so we got free food. lol
O.O it's -4 degrees outside right now. Looks like winter is making up for lost time here.
We got our hands on amazing video from our friends at STARflight rescuing someone from the roof of a vehicle in fast moving flood waters.
let us know if there's anything you want us to post the rest of this week!
I might be persuaded to become a Giants fan in that case. Sigh...no, probably not. But pantsless Gia is still a good idea.
Heading out with , to find good food, including in strip malls, for NPR.
so I guess "ima dogg" But who am I to be shit to a bitch who in my eyes aint shit either!!
I've been on such a Katy Perry kick lately
Starting The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian by Sherman Alexie.
Reply NOW if you are currently in college. Come on smarty...those directions are easy.
Best news of the day: Falcons' Mularkey hired by Jacksonville. Time to find a real offensive coach and free up Matt Ryan to win games.
you can also put it on a larger truck and pay for space, rather than the entire truck.
Great interview. And, the book cover is beautiful. Look forward to reading.
Haha yes I do :) among other things :).
Soup Night + Chocolatefest + Jamming!
you look like 💩😃hahahahaha
Hey! I found your nose.. It was in MY buisness.
this movie is strange...
#Koch plan is to increase income inequality, protect Wall Street banks, subsidize Big Oil & eliminate Medicare, Medicaid, SS & Unions.
Have a safe trip! :D
#beefliver... yuck. gotta love
How can WI GOP claim moving in right direction when ranked DEAD LAST in job creation? B/C can't do worse than last?
lol all of culinary is ready!
Just told a midget not to be short with me. It's life, people. There are no instruction manuals.
and i just imagine them as these perfect beings just because everyone i know in real life is awful
So I'm confused. When did St. Paddy's Day become a holiday as in "Have a great St Paddy's day weekend!"? Did I miss something?
Just spoke with Apple rep about way to sync 20 iPads for classroom use. Answer=no easy way. We'll keep experimenting and let you all know.
You have at least two addresses memorized; Your own address and P. Sherman 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney.
I'm really borred
Giving money to OFA? RT : I can't think of anything I'd enjoy less than giving money to Mark Zuckerberg.
That doesn't happen in Florida. UF, FSU and Miami fans would never cheer for another state team. No way, no how. :)
don't worry you're not alone . But honestly you have nothing to be insecure about .
:-D RT That awkward moment when you lean in to hug someone sexy and bump your head on the mirror.
thnks for the follow! Care to promote?
Just got done listening to #KissTheSunGoodbye and i must say IT IS AWESOME!!!!!!
Amazing 2 hour set restored my faith in #kanye!!!
I cared, you didn't. I cried, you laughed. I was hurt, you smiled. I moved on, you realized what you had.. too late
First Thursday at the Poster Garden - 14th/Hoyt-Music, Wine, Food, Art!
too bad #school #libraries aren't represented at today's #ESEA hearing! Good schools need good libraries!
At home- Yanks Astros on computer, USA-England on ABC, pages turning very slowly on monday 2nd Hour book, Click
Putting all my energy into my dreams....aspirations...so ambitious, baby...
awww thanks boo but really tho they slippin if they ain't following u
Thanks for the follow...hope you are having a great week. Maybe we can work together sometime.
Aw, have fun you guys. But not too much fun, because I'm not there. :)
I was in the warning.... :P It didn't sweep me away though. Hehe.
Be on this bitch later... Hit the studio early in the morning North Side Denver.... & GOODMORNING followers *SAY it back too*
I ate a hotdog after it fell on the floor tonight. I wasn't even drunk. I solely blame
Five dolla make you holla SANGRIA! A whole pitcher...Red or white, you choose!
Good morning! How was your weekend?
what are you studying?
It takes so little to make a difference. Be aware. Be kind. Do the right thing. Make it a priority.
Movie day ?
She can get it in the morning
Should I get an early start on Movember?
Thinking back on a conversation and wishing I had said something different.
Free dees nuts in to mouth
It was shameful that needed #thesave by the AI judges tonight. Clearly, people did not vote for one of the best singers!
he's still better than Meisner
Buffalo lounging
cool! See you there!
Hello! ArtBarcs is dedicated to identifying & connecting the most innovative artists w a global community of art lovers & buyers!
I can't get enough of #OnceUponATime It reminds me that even as an adult, I love a good fairytale, & still wish for one
#justkiddin i appriciate everything you do for me =)
im so glad you tweeted that
Super Nintendo Happy hour at Cactus!! 2 flat screens, games up the wazoo, + Bud slinging excellent drink specials!! 3-7pm!!
Congrats to for his Grammy nomination ... Next year :)
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
Happy Veterans Day! Honoring the brave and selfless people who serve or served our country!
what are you worrying about?
Let me know how that works out for you!
That's what no sleep will do for you :( RT u stay sick...
What up Ash! “: Hi friend ”
Dawkins says his defining moment was seeing tears in Jim Johnson's eyes after winning the NFC Championship. Johnson was his DC in Philly.
I think everyone ought to get rich and well-known and do everything they ever desired so they may see that it's not the reply.
Almost time to head to the airport - should be in Vegas at about 5pm.
Focal Point and Acting Coach ! (y)
Is throwing baby elephants at nude golfers illegal? Maybe if ur half Morrocan? Wait huh... Yum Morrocan chicken salad! Uh huh uh huh
If you use chasers Idk about you
That's so cool :D
thats cool! He seems outgoing!!
Not silly, tired! And of course not, that why you have it ;) I'd cuddle you to warm you up too :) x
An Asian bitch probably did that. Haha. She is ready.
lets go to the mall today.
Its hard to be taken serious in the business world when your bless with curves
those people who are like, "Follow this person to gain followers." are so phony. O.o
Ugh now what?!
- thanks on sharing. hope we'll see you both there!
They can’t get on my level, my level is private Who fly more than me?, my level is pilot
vs. <~~~ 2 years in the making. Getting my
#WRESTLEMANIA28 great ass match. Undertaker vs H
Most grammatically correctest, too. RT love the dumb conversations me nd kiara have :), we are the most randomest people ever :)
": This is not happening"
now we are Watching another science movie
Everytime I try to use it, it does something stupid. I'm only using it because it is the only way to get stuff on the iPad
nice to see the play so well! its quite a change
so? Ryan Stoneberger and Alora Reiff have been dating for three years. I definitely think they are experiencing real love.
good to meet you at and great to hear has a "local forager"!
I got my phone taken away. /:
six pack.
Nice to be back in Indy. Mass Ave is such a cute area.
Have a wonderful day full of God's grace and favor. :-)
WHY does subway have the best cookies?! I go there trying to be healthy & can't resist 😒
Holy Warm-Crap=o-la Batman! Tha' Breaks had me in stitches!
is now following me what what! #FF her tweethearts <3
thanks JOSH!!! WElcome aboard!!!!!!
My roomie, the lovely girl, surprised me w/ a huge iced coffee, knowing how much work I have. But I just wanna drink these beers I bought...
aw dont say that im sure you are ♥
We have alot of jams in the works and we are in the process of booking more shows
Setting up pricegrabber feeds like it was my job. Oh wait... it is my job-- well part of my job.
Compassion for ourselves and others makes complex situations easier.
hahahaha love this and you! glad you had a happy birthday!!
Today marks the peak of Carnival. Carnival is often represented as a theme in comedies of fun triumphing over repression (Lent).
I hope Kendall Hansen's horse wins.
Public Service Announcement from yours truly:Turn Signals are NOT optional. Use them! It won't hurt & it's the law! Lessons available $19.95
Interesting concept but I'll leave the crafting to the professionals and stick to enjoying the fruits of their labors.
very cool light sculptures!
Thanks for the tweetin' love Austin!!!
#3WordsForYou give me money
#TNC10 Packed session on FQBHCs presented by Dale Jarvis. (Trying to find a bio)
Can I kick it?
Thanks we try our best!!
You have got to be kidding me. Been off since 11 & you STILL haven't picked me up. Better be the BEST damn excuse I've ever fucking heard.
Can't nobody in rap say "Fool" better than Ice Cube!!!
Gregg has a new Twitter profile...from our FAV movie...check out
Why is rosebud website down? Thought they were staying open?
Don't let lil mama jug it ..
yeah i know :p
If I Die Tomorrow No One Will No Know How I Really Felt...
did they like their gifts? how was your Christmas?
Your welcome Jess :) I hope whoever helped you did a good job! I am about to logout so I can eat my breakfast. What about you?
Just finished a session on Merge. Two cashes and one final table kk<AJ. Now chilling with
OT? Steelers just got Tebow'ed
Im a space bound rocketship, and your hearts the moon. <3
Thanks for the RT about 826!! :)
So I ran out of gas yesterday. Pretty amazing way to spend a Sunday. Not as enjoyable as when it happened on my way to high school
FAMU Band Suspended Another Year... Looks like some ppl have to reevaluate there future...
happy mother's day, kuya!
good game tonight between and sabres. Bruins looking for some payback. Should be good! Check it out.
The most important metrics in determining a trade show's success are: attendance, number of exhibitors, revenues &net square footage.
R. Kelly has his issues. Whitney hers. Me mine. You got some too. No judging. Appreciate the talent. And the people God gave it to w/ them.
#WhyDoiAlways mess up every relationship I'm in... :/
tweet me if you wanna co-own i am looking for 3 co-owners
friday night beneath the stars
yea! <3 haters gonna hate, mahomies gonna love(: btw where are you from?
Furniture. Dishware. Flatware. You name. We almost have got it all. There's still time. As Bob Barker would say, "COME ON DOWN".....!
Just got to Diego Me and Ddp bout to hit hit a BBQ
Can we please get Demps his first freakin' win of the season already?!
i like justin bieber
Thx all you smart movers, you have the right idea!
I know creep
are you coming to #Gatsby ?
S/O to - referred by Allen M #pineappleMondays #durham #NC - we got u on the follow. ;-)
haha, while you guys are getting rained on at the bus stop, im in the lobby of my old building across the street!
NAME THE LYRICS: Prostitutes stomp in high heel boots And badges screaming,"Young black children stop or I will shoot!"
I'm calling this now: Lord Tensai wins Beat the Clock.
it was the most disappointing part of the night.
Said I'd do a quiz and some more quotes when I got to 2320 followers and I'm there so I'll be doing them sometime today!x
This is true, but as they say, if u dont like it, then play better RT“ looks like traveling in the minors isnt fun.”
Yes, thank you! I think so also! I was looking through old pics 4 my uncle 2 find 1 he wanted to use 4 the memorial/funeral!
TGIF no classes today all tests #thankful 👍
I LOVE IT.
Hines Ward was the toughest wide receiver in my lifetime.
This girl looks like a horse
Thank you for sharing this! Happy Friday!
Approx twice a year I eat at Basil and I am disappointed 100% of the time.
My life needs more cow bell.
I feel like the tension between me and my mom is just getting thicker. I can feel another argument brewing.
: It's hard to break new ground.
Maybe if I just stop breathing my sinuses won't get any worse. 😠
Columbus Chance-In-Hell.
super-I hope I'm on your list-it's on my calendar!
Heading out to cast some once and future GUIDES!! So excited! is Coming Soon.
painful, but good....every day I'm alive and vertical I've got a smile on my face :-)
that is a monkey and nyan cat is flying right above us
#ThatAkwardMomentWhen I've been really busy and slaking on my fanpage...just want y'all to know I LOVE Y'ALL!!! <333
What games are you watching this weekend?
Bouta Smoke a pound!
Happy birthday mimaw and .!
Im jus mind blowing i really am
Nice to meet IRL today. Evidence is growing that my twitter friends are not imaginary.
I keep thinking I should censor myself...
Sounds like a Bulls home game!
Thanks to our #GPTWConf sponsors , Baird,
Special $99 dollar rate mention this add. The weather is great in OB (=
thanks! We're following you :)
I got a letter in the mailing saying that my green card hass been approved and it should be here in a few weeks 💗😃 I'm to excited
Got a stack of about 30 records for you. A mixed bag of stuff. You want?
Let's go rangers <3333 mark staal!
Fingertip Stickers Let Gloves Tap on Touch Screens
Got a bunch of projects going on...some Voice, some On Camera...it's just kind of happening.
The subway here has carpeted floors. Very old carpet. I feel like I'm riding in my grandmother's living room.
Love the sweepstakes idea and great job with Purina internships! Good stuff.
Can you trust yourself?
Enjoying this weekend! Thank you to for the opportunity to host an amazing wine competition!
Im Fuckin Witcha My Dude Lets Work
Goin to Amherst vs. Avon in high school baseball tonite.
Not just a #Hamburger - mesquite grilled ground sirloin with all the fixins!
dont have to clean anything up after the Spence pick
I wake up every morning with a big smile on my face, and it never feels out of place.
** and come on i wont be able to get on during thaaa weekend
You look so much like your Grandma Dorothy. Is that Chuck with you? What are the boys names and ages?
its a tie between Captain America and Iron Man
New post: RAM Mounting Systems RAM-B-149Z-SPO2U Handlebar Mount for SPOT Satellite GPS Messenger
RT : Wanna send a special shout out to all of the Spring 2012 graduates. CONGRATULATIONS! Keep soaring!
thanks for following me and supporting me as an artist. god bless. www.facebook.com/calisadroitprospect
- the only author that can get my husband to sit and wait in a line.
#SYEP Youth are in charge of your own BRAND as you start your #careers. Decide what you want to say about urself B4 u decide where ur going.
We're building out some new analytics features at and we support IE7 and IE8. I'm building a raphael compatibility layer.
#stopchildabuse Coming soon Salma's sotry from childhood abuse to courageous survival. Look for it soon. :)
I'm wearing rain boots today. Idgaf what anyone says ☂☂
Doing My Hair ;)
holy shit, i just got a craving for subway omgomgomg i want.
I love them. Such great lyrics.
Lmfao look at the poof on his head. RT Ms_amERICA_x Omg his shoes are so long and pointy. I hate aKZV.
Yes and no - I've recommended papers be chopped or split. Sometimes less is more to keep the content clear and concise.
Why Can't I Have Dimples ?!
The High School Slam Dunk contest is better than the NBA's Dunk contest
Thanks! Lots of owl fun, I'm obsessed too. Email to you soon.
I got a lot of stuff to get accomplished today. Going to be a busy day.
"I have yet to see something that SCHOOLS should DO that government can do better. "Thank you!
I wonder if this #shirtoff is even going to be legal...
Awesome follows!
Now THAT'S FUNNY but TRUE
Auburn ave jumping tonight
yes mammy!
I must admit I'm not the biggest fan of the Dentist.
PARENTHOOD. Holy crap. We must talk! I don't think I'll survive the six months until it comes back.
About to dissect a frog. I'm scared. -.-
Honduras mission team on the road headed for our flight in DC!
Fustrated about my b-day party!
:D “: So glad I am stickin around for another week! I'm so stoked about the song for next week:-). Ready to melt faces.”
": Don't know why my phone followed but fuck it ain't hurting me" --Bahaha. Made me laugh.
Thanks for all the recent followers! Check out our website and be sure to leave us feedback on twitter or facebook!
Wow!!! This day went by fast. I guess that happens when youre getting things done.
is following me! EEK!
i think that babay wanteed to be a wigger
: No, I do not use it. Just seemed to me to be a great idea.
If you only knew
Just met with a really sweet new prospective client with an overture center wedding! Love the colors we picked.
We love it when fellows hang out! RT: Great seeing fellows katie & karl! Can't wait for nxt month's
I'm naming my dog Sir Licks A Lot and you can't stop me.
Does it still count as good luck if you freak out and accidently swat the ladybug away when it lands on you?
next time
Huh. Meddling is one of my avocations. Not easy to be an effective meddler!
Can't wait to start developing Apps for the new Samsung TVs, beautiful new interface
Yea no kidding, and the Pujols-less offense isn't half bad either, still feels weird though.
Crap!!! I forgot to do my English homework!!!!!! And its 10:30. -.-
Can someone tell me why the walkers can't get to Hershel's farm?
welcome to my new followers
RT: "A one word reply is not acceptable to my paragraph message #butactually" this is one of my absolute biggest pet peeves.
And the oakleys go on......
Someone came into my work the other day wearing an Okie Dope shirt. Brought a tear to my eye.
"A girl like Reba's got what I need, with big broad shoulders and a red assed weave."
I'm looking at more specific program offerings, such as community informatics and/or a more advanced reference focus.
take cab to Federal Hill and eat @ Regis - u will NOT be disappointed!
I had it saved between the pages of my yearbook, it fell out while I was digging through stuff. Made my day!
I feel we need simply to return to tax rates that existed under Clinton, across the board (not just > $250K)....
Howard Station
Editing the last VEDA video for 2012...bittersweet...mostly sweet.
Everytime I'm about to start homework, everything else just becomes so much more interesting.
any word on how the cashew cheese sauce tastes with grapeseed oil instead of canola?
Thanks alot to the guy driving 75 MPH in extremely heavy rain conditions and spinning out into my car fucking it up. #sadface :(
Women are unique. Not all words that spoken by their mouth is the same with what they feel in the heart.
You can thank your lucky stars that everything I wish for will never come true.
I give up on like legit I made a nice thing for him to read and he still won't read it or atleast tweet me back! Ugh I'm done
thank you! I had a great time!
Goin to take a shower. BBL. :P
I haven't seen The Help, yet. But it's on my "to watch" list. (I read the book, tho...)
Big day...gotta finish 500 #cakepops and RGIII will officially become a
(u'd have to like cheesecake)
DJS for all events, State of the art lighting and sound.
wts the biz anything new we need feildmob bra!
Er...remind me sometime to share how I broke my ankle last fall...
“If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.” JQA
You know what's great? The fact that I can watch archived video of italo disco bands from 1970s Dutch TV, on my phone.
Congrats man!
Um.....awkward.
Lost 5lbs woo here I come #summerBody! ;)
I mean the signed shirts lol
#LadyGaGa #LadyGaGa #LadyGaGa ... If that doesn't get her attention, we should check on her! Lol.
Hey Tori I was, and I will!
nope, pin placements were in traditional spots & greens were perfect
“: Between the #Lions two turnovers and the #Saints efficiency, New Orleans has yet to punt.” and their shitty ass refs
Or you can always build another wing on the house -- my back up plan, if only I could convince my hubby :)
I hear it doesn't help much. feel better!
*starts a three tongue stretch* :D
orange back up drive is back in reg room if anyone sees Anna!
follow my new account !
aw damn!! Lol
First thing this new year, I plan to send my next book, Pasadagavra, off to the publishers. Hopefully it will be available April-or-May-ish.
looking for session singers- feel free to send me demos + showreels
No matter what mountains you are facing, you can be confident that God is bigger than any problem and able to carry you over any mountain.
Get your news from at least 3 outlets, to get different points of view. Get divergent ideas and understand both sides of the issues...
Woodland's office is getting a much needed facelift, pics to follow!
#IMMSongTitles S. A. X. by Lyfe Jennings
Transformation is to become something that u r not, Conformation is to fully become who u r because you are already it.-Bishop J.C. Williams
#JOBSEEKERS, be professional when you turn down an offer. You never know where that relationship my cross your path again
best feeling in the world!!
She must be quite the literary princess if all she recommends are true crime books...
I wish MSNBC would get rid of Erin McPike. She's just another GOP tool
Why do they make you do your show in the hall?
#Marlins first game at their new ballpark is against the #Yankees on April 1. Tix range from $58-$988. The stadium looks great.
cool cool good luck my nig hope shes a bad bitch
Dude riding your bike at 12:30 are you trying to get hit? #dumb people
Effective leadership is putting first things first
A mosquito will fly MILES for a good meal like mosquito-magnet-me. One stalked me inside my toilet. Can't bring myself to discuss much more.
Setting up our account on Twitter :)
Again, great news on a Friday! Candidate presented to a client accepted a position as comm. manager today! Congrats Stacey!
I'm available for a cocktail 6:30, anyone??
That's rich. RT We don't want him. RT : Yawn. RT One more time: Chris Paul should be a Laker.
As of August 26, 2009 SinCityCrossFit is now on Twitter! We are very excited... www.sincitycrossfit.com
Happy Mother"s Day to all the Mother"s out there. Have an Awesome day
we'll bring the bar to you!!
Sometimes it's just easier to pretend that you don't care
just followed!
Eco Academy students & teachers are rallying to save the libraries at 11-12 today! Olympic btn Union & Alvarado!
thank you
“: Cell phones ruined pushing people in the pool.”rt
": A real nigga don't tell a female "I love you" for sex."”
lol check yes!
I've been listening to my own voice for the last couple hours while transcribing interviews
I do though :/
Thanks for the follow and congrats on your new album!
um live healthy? “ Having sex three times a week for one year = Running 75 miles.”
In lieu of recent events at the W Hotel, Wine Down Wednesday (6/29) has been cancelled. We hope to reschedule this date in July. Our...
So I just kind of flipped out when I saw you followed me. I just read your about section and almost pissed myself.
My people skills are just fine thankyou, It’s my tolerance to idiots that needs work.
Wow I just found MamaChia at Central Market in Poulsbo!
Thanks so much Angela! I'll tweet this review out tomorrow, post it on Facebook, the band site, etc. Really appreciate it!
Justin we are trying.
jealous you know so many people here! Heading to Tel Aviv on Thurs where I know more folks.
Hey Lilian! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
How is HIV and AIDS transmitted if you don't have any sex at all?
Spurs Vs Jazz Game 2-
Things aren't much wilder now, I don't think, than they were back then.
aw that is sweet! did you like our fbook page!?
That's what I'm hoping for! RT : let's hope we play tomorrow!
Seriously needing new friends- so sick & tired of being sick & tired over the same crap every day.
Anytime!! :)) ": thanks for the shout out! cheers"
<Thank You
Accepting vintage vinyl,screenprinted show posters,& so on in lieu of actual dowry.Lifetime Chicken Bowl invite=priceless!
The Hornets took down the Heat tonight! 5-0 baby!!! Geaux Hornets!
something impossible to kick, mwahaha!
I got you
ha cool - I've yet to see the one it's a sequel to in front of a flick
Dunno what you're up to the next two days, but I'm off, and in need of draaaaanks. hit me up. hope you had a good christmas!!
I am fairly certain you can monitor twitter lists, let me investigate a little further
Nice response to Eric's question on #thatdarnlist. Great job on the vid, too!
what are the chances of getting a reporter to come & speak with us tomorrow AM at UPJ at the Young Entrepreneurs Series?
Life without desire and dreams is empty and meaningless...
Yeah you did! Keep up the good work.
i been here for a min bro
Hope you feel better.
Everyone on my train has an umbrella and/or a raincoat. Except me. Perhaps I should've checked the forecast.
Hope you get some sleep and feel better soon!
Perfection RT : Instagram will end up being your fun friend from college who married for money and changed for the worst.
Raleigh going to Domincan Republic &Apex going to Ecuador,both the 1st week of August! Email !
do you like cats
What do you miss most about the arcade days?
there are rich black people. Sometimes the love of money outweighs taking care of their people.
Racing canceled for today. Thoughts and prayers go out to Matt Marker's family.
These refs are full of shit
Thanks for sharing that picture, now I must have cupcakes for dinner instead of something healthy.
I had those shoes in high school! the kamikazes
I just did my nails
needs someone to skype D:
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 37
Meeting with the conference committee
"we are sitting in the carells at the sfpl"
Mika's going to be mad....
no I don't think so! All of little mix deleted :)
This #TrayvonMartin case feels like a story out of Richard Wright's Uncle Tom's Children.
Obama Had 10 Times More Money Than Romney for Campaign
Less than 36 hours til #feastingforfido hope to see you there :) (cc:)
pretty cool but you're crazy
All of a sudden everyone becomes interested in #modeling & #photography, what's your reason? You're not even good at it!
i loved to check out a game there
Filling in your entire lip with lipliner before your lipstick or gloss will allow your lips to maintain color longer!
Hi! *waving*
Namaste, world! We are making the Shift right now!
#Colts call news conference for 6pm... can't wait to hear the reason behind all the cuts. Tune in at 10pm for the latest!
#notetoself don't drink and tell everyone they are beautiful over the micorphone... it's not nice to lie
yes! Focus on finishing school and then we will make it happen! :)
My musical ends tomorrow , but hey I need a break.
haha yeah. I'm so glad I don't go there anymore.
How are 13-1Caseys doing right now? How about a look?
My life is difficult... ♥
Thank you for speaking at last night! Already put my app in for the #marketing internship!
“When you control a man’s thinking, you do not have to worry about his actions.” – Carter G. Woodson
And he just used my pet word, "wretched"!
Whats the probability an will be hanging out around IAD tonight around 9pm?
Dear Tom Barrett: You are a douchebag. Thanks for wrecking a great city. Your stupidity is beyond belief.
I know! Especially after such a great #worldseries! Ah well, it'll be here before we know it, so let's relax for now : )
thanks dude much love \m/
#TOURS Death Grips Announce Tour
"No Offense" really means, "I’m about to insult you but don’t get mad."
Why am I tweeting about it now after being asked to keep it a secret? It's been written about in the Weekly so it's now public info
Journalism ethics in a digital era with Kelly McBride = interesting discussions
Watching dysfunctional Arsenal trying to finish season against Norwich. Hint: it's not going too well for them at the moment
Thank you to all of our staff and loyal clients,without you our 20 year anniversary could not have been possible.
"most of us didn't get in to #Afterschool because we liked afternoons"
Fuckin mad crazy today! Got a nigga wantin to dip!
NGP VAN’s speaking on Mobile Advocacy panel at #CampaignTech at 5pm. He has news about MiniVAN…
Give like you own the world & Love like it's your last day!
yea Lol I so ain't I don't talk and Im usually sitting by myself and doing shit by myself Lol I was like maybe if I play footba
The Raven was one of the best movies of all time.. On the edge of my seat the whole time!
Pittsburgh just keeps shooting themselves in the foot! Would have liked to see them give the fg a try. Owell #overtime should be exciting.
Truth. RT : A3: AND, every man should have a perfectly tailored suit. Theres no exceptions here guys.
no worries! How long are you in town? We have extra copies.
Thank you for your technological innovation, great customer service & being so darn easy to do biz with. Yep, you pretty much rock.
Had the audio & video tracks been separated or were they still joined on the timeline? Once sep., we don't have merge featr
#food(easter candy)
Let us enjoy each teaching and learning moment with our students and take each experience to the next level. Happy teaching!
Happy Happy Thanksgiving to all! God Bless!
Wacky electrical weather in Denver last night.
So I turn on channel 13 and there is a baseball game on. The New England Red Sox are beating the New York Mets 6-2?????
Please welcome Bible_101 to the Max life
will be up there ins little while, so I have to live vicariously through her lol
Why am I not invited to hipster drag races that end with motorcycles on fire?
Sara smith discussing artistic research in archives and archives as 'point of origin for creativity'
Teasing your hair= teasing it until you no longer can use a brush u will need a rake
#TeamBreezy FOLLOW ME ILL FOLLOW BACK
The awkward moment when the kid you like says "Oh wow, look extra hoe this morning.."
Thank God for lattes.
wow order a 100 13x19 posters in the next hour and get them for just 60$ when the normal price is a 100$ now thats a deal
The Oregon basketball court is kind of pretty - yet hideous.. at the same time.
Thanks. Have a great weekend, Sharon!
it's scary stuff. Rats following the piper off the cliff. Bigots who hate our black POTUS hate it
love, love, love the goat cheese and rosemary cream cheese - so yummy! this will have to be a weekly buy!
I did this last year! I still get random "you are now linked" messages from people like plumbers from it.
thanks<3 omg. your pretty(:
Actually, I don't even need to put my name at the end. Tia and Shelby never come on :\ lol
I love to weed! But I am NOT a bibliophile.
DJ Omega mixing the Salsa at the Monaco Tonight.Howard The DJ with Old School Salsa on Thursday at Madrigall.
When calls me a slut<<< Breaks my heart :(
off to mariel's house :) w/ katlene
Wish my good luck on my STARR Test today. I really hope I can go to the seventh grade 😌😔
thx for the folo I live in your district
everyone is allowed a few eff ups...but when ALL of your playlist is garbage?! Lol
I havn't sent out any messages today about a funny pic. It got sent to me & I replied to it & it went to all my followers.
Thank you so much! It's for a journalism class- I'm writing a paper on negative political advertising and how it affects people.
wow he's a genius
making an observation = sexist? RT : Apparently is a sexist dumbass. Good to know. Glad I don't frequent his site.
only 3 more days till the Craft Bazaar! I just restocked the City Hall hoodie and a new shirt! come see it all this weekend!
Now THAT! We can agree on...
Q6 If you could volunteer abroad anywhere, where would you go?
Love you gals! xo
AI has been a wrap
what happened?
Mighty fine weekend, but its back to the grind this week, beginning with a little 8am lifting tomorrow
make it happen my son
Can't wait to see you tomorrow night. Have a great show!
what's his twitter I'll RT this to him.
A forget-me-not to / for answering our fact-check request after I tweeted about how long we were waiting.
What Jerz you looking to get? I am dying for a #15. I will split the shipping if you want.
I missed thirty minutes though
on tha xbox!(:
yes he is! Chris is the best, he'd be happy to help you with any requests!
Nice!!! Im going to Vegas next month!! When are you coming to Florida?
FREEDOM OF SPEECH!!! Peeps! Let it be heard and followed!
meaning we will finally have a chance to have our cup of coffee.
Part of GPC group heading to Apple HQ for an "executive briefing". E! Any burning questions you'd like me to ask my gracious hosts?
I hate when the extremely smart people take the whole freaking class period to take a test. When I'm done I want to talk damnit!
I don't know what you did there, but I'm impressed with the results.
You're SO on point my friend, I want to retweet everything!! :)
Great show last night! Controversy big time next week with founder of Free Gaza Movement Greta Berlin Wed 4/13 9-11pm RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
As you fill out your mail in ballot remember its simple. NO to ABCD! No to A, No to B, and No to CD H/T
Watch out for PHilli
I believe in Jalex
Leggo Tiger, show the haters that you can still play
Someone start Pinstagram then sell it for $2 billion and give me half.
love your mission and hope to join u soon!
TONIGHT... B-A-H hits the stage at 10p at French Quarter for Jazzfest Series...WE GET IT IN!!
The Wizard of Oz had really good investment skills, he wasn't even from Oz and he had better property than everybody else.
Do it. Just do it. Don't think about it. Just do it.
Thank you for the RT!! You Rock! Have a fabulous night!!
I can see the writing on the wall.
is following me.
finally back in downtown san francisco at the RSA conference, having re withdrwl of not visiting san fran tech scene
😁 yea it did lol well hey Ms. Scales ❤
no better way to de-funk than to funk it up!
some trees are nicer than others, but it's hard to know if the optimal one was chosen. Many would be just fine.
There's no reason to chant MVP to Kobe Bryant
Finally going to bed:p LONG but really fun night well P.E.A.C.E.
I've been proven wrong!! I love you - you have redeemed yourself!!!
I don't go to news sites anymore. I go to specific stories. Overall site design honestly means little to me.
There is a deer in my backyard!!!
#SongICanRelateTo #Drake - Shot for me .!
IM LOVING IT!!!! YES! ASOT550 again with that Ferry flair! gotta love the man, hes a beast!
- Hey Elisabeth, thanks for following! What's new?
hope to get to the show. will look for you!
Hi! Long time no talk, how are you!?
You have 13 Harry Potter tattoos? Awesome! I only have one. But I also have a Lord of the Rings and 3 of the Avengers.
#4: 1964 – Civil Rights Act passed, outlawing discrimination based on race. It provided a framework for disability rights legislation.
Midnight session at the studio. Rock on
I had my second lobster dinner in four days, and one more coming up this weekend. I love summer.
Rubio: Look, Obama could give this same speech, only better. But the media is interested in me and I wanted a hashtag.
I found my original birth certificate!!! Yay!!!! :-D
Help desk company that uses a competitors help desk. Really? I just found one.
hi jimmy(;
A HUGE Thank You to all that came together to support Ya Ya in a time of need. You are amazing.
Would be a bit late though. Especially for a Wed.
Looking for a job? Two words: No nudes. Unless it's that kind of a job.
Ordering an MIW pullover, their Creatures poster, and a poster & since i bought stuff from WCAR, i get a free tour program(:
In the words of the great Missy E "flip it and reverse it" :)
Wanted to see if anyone has even been to my page...Not a damn soul has even taken a look lately...man?????????
My wife and I are considering buying a king size Simmons NxG 300 mattress. Anyone have one of these? Like it? We're tired of our Sealy :(
#WhyDoiAlways so that shit she don't care
Yeah, I'd say that is pretty much his default position.
#Kentucky makin it look too easy
No homo i really like Carrie Underwood's new song
Creep is so good anyway.
Make us proud on Sunday Q
At super bowl village!!!!
How do you manage so many people? My 3,000+ is becoming a full time job. :-)
check your dm. And DM me your contact info
we need to hang out sometime:D
I want to think about it, and learn more - I'm not a L&E nerd. But am generally skeptical of enthusiasm for markets.
#wcphilly #day2 : ticket #3398: "I need help please, you lazy bastards."
#NP " Save the world (Knife party remix) - Swedish house mafia " <3!!!
what it do?
where u at
He Skype's Me , And Over The Phone Lol
OMFG ARE YOU GODDAMN SERIOUS...this asshole put me on hold for 15 to wait for the phones to shut down....I'm fuckin somebody up tommorow
meow. I miss you!
Once you lose control of your mind and it is controlled by an outside force you lose your sense of self...
Can't wait until this Kentucky title is vacated in two years
Don't let your block party be a dud, add an inflatable bouncer, obstacle course, or several of each for a day filled with fun
Ah, let Jameson sink in...but really, because he's just so freakin' adorable you kinda have to -
Talking with a lot of cool artist and they are all great , I am rockin ' thanks all of you !
I just saw that this morning! Thanks so much for passing it along.
Google Embraces Responsive Design, Recommends You Do the Same - Wired News
<wee happy dance> <laughing> Rats, now I feel I must raise the bar of my usual twaddle.
"i like to party, you like to party, we like to party all fucking year!"
What a Amazing Day!!!
I wonder if stop, drop, and roll works in hell
I was going to tell you how amazing you are, but you wanted everyone to stop tweeting. Your loss, I guess.
The Umass kids were rioting because they were happy for Victor Cruz...right?
Sleepy time.
If Columbus had turned back, no one would have blamed him. Of course, no one would have remembered him either. Source Unknown
thanks for the RTs!
no more #soparopa coupon? i want to transfer my domains to you but can't make that coupon work - thanks!
#iMissYouWhen I look at the background on my phone and it's you :/
& we didn't qet any damn pictures of him STRIPPING. dammit! -.- )':
Blake Griffin's flopping is getting ridiculous
Alonzo Gee really can't dribble but his hesitation left-to-right crossover in transition is a very good move.
The Madison-Chicago relay is coming soon. Time to get ready for the long run
TREE INFO-Research the tree you like before you plant! Make sure it won't be too big or wide for your planting space.
You should have pitted them against each other
I think we're going to see Girl With The Dragon Tattoo. Wanna come? #IHopeThisDoesn'tSuck
Josh is working out in the other room and it sounds like he's trying to lift a car off an old lady. I went in to watch and he said, "No."
Gonna be a loud music day. Dealing w/a "my expectations are obviously not your expectations" matter concerning metadata and workflows.
Nah, Starforce Hip Hop is coming on nicely & may take out WSHH. But is on a different level.
Artist Bio: www.Reverbnation.com/Cynical303 For Quality Colorado Hip Hop, check out my music Kold Reality
Online Chess Lessons for Students of all levels to Improve Chess Skills and Mastery!
Last night I was riding home with Ashley smoking a blunt, listening to John by and I was like, weezy sounds like god. Hahaha
My mama birthday tomah i hope she have a great day
I don't feel like the #sixers really upset the #bulls. Do you?
#imagine Louis tells you that he loves you more than the carrots <3<3
So, you are going to 's cabin? RT: "I wanna get black out, pissing the bed, sloppy drunk tonight #dealwithit"
Norfolk is still a bigger upset, once lehigh finishes this off. Duke was flawed in so many ways. But yea, mizz was far from perfect too
yay cocaine i was joking wth my friend and i said we should make cherry cocaine u in :-)
Don't hate....DETROPIATE...
Have fun! Hope to see you both at Soda Bar Wednesday! Say hi to Kolinka for me!
Making assumptions only makes you sound ignorant
Karma will bite you in the ass. Be careful where you tread.
Excited to share TEDxABQ page on Google+. Join the circle with other New Mexico TEDheads. Hangouts coming soon!
Wow the Beach Boys segment was WAY better than I expected...Tears of joy instead of sadness tonight
Call He can make it painless. Sorry you're having that pain!
Hair spa-ing at home☺
Maybe. But I'm inclined to think it's the lack of explicit disclosure.
He's da bomb~
I was going to call my grandmother's senator, but the site's down!
Thanks for these examples, Wendy. I'm hoping we can get our DOIs to act as clickable links, but like find in library too
Going to the movies. Call me a sap but i want to see Warhorse. My kids refuse. Why?! whats wrong with a lil blubbing over good Speilberg?
Just read it. Sometimes ya gotta take one for the team!
If you are on our email list, you will be receving a survey today in your inbox! Please fill it out for us! Your opinions matter! :)
I believe it is between Florida and UK for Bennett
I wish I could say that information surprised me...
She said Her standard be the money
#cody what do you do to pass time on the road? :D
Maybe the Grinch just had really bad PMS
BETTER!!! WORSE!!! LOUD NOISES!!! “: Things are never as good as you think they are or as bad as you think they are.”
thanks!!!! I think my bro is taking us there tomorrow! I'm excited the food here is so bomb!
Alert readers will note that I've never lost a climatic showdown atop a church roof. Particularly not during a thunderstorm.
sweet dreams!
New database! Papers of Dwight Eisenhower who inspired founding of School of International Service at #AmericanU. 21 searchable volumes.
And it feels like my hearts still sinking...
I hate how my iPhone vibrates for no reason.
and i'm just giving it a trial run, I may not end up keeping it.
I love the visually contrasting colors (hair, clothes, etc) used between Emma and the queen.
How come when your awake all night. You pee 5-6 times. But when you sleep. You don't wake up to pee and sometimes don't pee when you get up
LOL... this is my official page=) I just don't have a sticker yet!
Getting real deep with right now.
to Rudy, Calvin, and the crew for letting us talk UTSA football earlier!
That nigga suge knight busted 2 pac an biggies head
Ugg I slept like crap up every hour think I shall go back to sleep when the kids are off to school
Hope everyone enjoyed their Sat! Happy weekend everyone!
I think my friend Paul is working on that today too.
I believe in The Most High Jesus Christ ❤
And when i give her brain she dont need to study ;)
Hahaha luffs u to:))) I said that first!! Can you hang after u clean tomorrow babygirl?
S/o T000 my big bro & my big bro
what's goin down? What the lick read?
he has a Kansas tattoo on his arm with a jayhawk where OP is, and it has taiwan in it too. so cool! he gave me free soy lol
I grew up in Mercer County. Are you taking your daughters (or have you) to the Broadway Show?
I'm starting to like Stefan
I've been grinding out on Ultimatebet today, a little sad I'm not playing at the WSOP Main Event.
Did brunch with Kim. Fab as usual. The vegan carrot cake was phenom.
Finally, congratulations to the New Old Schoolers for winning the best Start-Up entry at the
This may be the one day out of the year I wish I had a real mother. I wonder what it's like to be honest.
I have your spectacles they were in my car!
Had a fun day. Made some molds. Went to KidRobot LA and the Toy Art Gallery. So fun to be closer to all of this.
awh, well it's better than being in school right? I'm sure ull have more funner field trips. My trip wasn't that fun really♥
Ditto from DB&L! RT : - round of applause from the DTLT office!
These Direct*TV ads are plain stupid.
where can I find your bones?
Guess Ill Talk To Him Later...
You don't see it comin', you just get to see it go.
You must learn to shift your focus of attention from the object of perception to the Subject perceiving.
awh. I'm blushing. No wait, that's just the opium. Water... need water...
RT : I forgive people, but that doesn't mean I trust them.
Were given 24 hrs a day. What will you do today to make a differnce in someone else life?
"Hey, I had a dream about you last night!" ..."Really?"... "Yeah, you died."
At the Open Door Health Fair in Muncie, come and see us!
Bryce Harper needs to ask Hensley Meulens permission before he dubs himself the new age Bam Bam
People who chew with their mouths open <<<
Miss ya man!! Hope all is well.
lol stiles gonna drag his wereolf a$$ out the car hahah FUNNY
Thanks CB!!! :) RT : &lt;3!!! Happy weekend. Tell Mrs. Coach happy mamma's day!
4 Grammy winner U have to see this show. 2 more shows tomrrw @ 8&1030PM. Call JK, mention & get $5 off.
At least I tried homie
Beautiful day for shooting, iddnt it.
"Did they have an open bar?"
"I think someone took the Complete Scandinavian Cookbook to the beach."--our book repair student worker.
Song of the day: "Little Talks" by Of Monsters and Men. They're great.
You're welcome, and thank you!
Yes, looking forward to it! :-)
Dumb phone delayed
Working on....."Not your Grandmother's String of Pearls" :) Still not painting!
thats what it ihhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! now stop up to the cafe punk!
sunny at my house about 5 miles from Camden Yards.
of course! :) I would love to watch them! All the Mahomies would!<3
excited to be at gig now but opening act is killing it!
": Trust can be earned again after its broken but it will take forever"
Crew Love will be played at my wedding nigga don't ask me why
Loading the van/trailor on this dreary day, heading to play in little ol' Mt.Carmel, IL this weekend.
I want a new belly button ring. Tired of the one I have.
something's gotta change with that! Either Long or Girardi has got to make changes!
Just be thankful you have a day away from the newsroom. If it gets much hotter, we will need oxygen masks to breathe.
do you know a food blogger in Jax you would recommend?
What the fuuuuuuck? are you serious? Thats UNREAL! Her daddy must have wanted a boy :P was she hot?
The way #SDCC has evolved, if you're a regular attendee w/no hookup, you have to be a DIEHARD to make it happen.
Sometimes, I think you like me but sometimes, I think you don't. So confusing.
Cute dog.
that would be awesome!! We need some more depth on our bench. Let's get it done
People demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid.
Sweating out all the alcohol I've consumed the past couple days, yummy.
No alarm needed anymore
i want a pretty girl.
Is there a chance for MLB or a NFL team in Portland? Scott Ford
ya it sucks :(
fooolllllloooowwwww me. ass ass ass ass.
OMG. I'm not sure I understand what half of that is, but WANT! olive oil panna gotta?
True friends are like diamonds: valuable and rare. False friends are like leaves: scattered everywhere.
Milwaukee is to small.
Are the roads there as bad as San Bernardino? Their freeways are like driving in Louisiana (worst roads in the country).
It's FREE Friday! Come get your FREE Original or Spicy chicken sandwich from Just show this message.
ha! Sometimes I forget it's sweeps. When you coming up to Portland?!
We do what we can
RT Trying to get more people to use the word "preposterous" today. Not on Twitter, I mean, in life. < That is just preposterous
Wondering if I should've prepared for #11/11/11 like we all did for Y2K.... I guess we'll find out shortly!
imma play the DTF drinkin game tonite. What are my odds of being sober past 9:25? I got money on this
Last week, #MJF had a meeting 4 #mke agencies/synagogues about security & safety. Fed as convener at its best!
What's the wifi password?
#ALEXANDROBERTHAVETHEBESTSWAG AND MAYBE ZACH
hey cutie pie
Democrats have been creating extreme climate by strategically placing butterfly colonies and forcing them to flap their wings.
I used to think that running an organization was equivalent to conducting a symphony orchestra
Damn straight. And being that it's Rivers, I saw all kinds of crazy shit in just an hour.
i keep my phone on military time, and find myself typically enchanted by both 21:21 and 23:23
Never grew out of the childhood phase of hating haircuts.
Dancing to Florence & the Machine "Shake It Out" at !
what store?
Why start the ? “I feel I have a responsibility as a man, not to stand up for [women] but with them.” -Jimmie Briggs
Study Hall by has been traded for 's - we get first round draft pick ...
Our fingerprints never fade from the lives we touch.
Chase your passion, not your pension. -Denis Waitley
go on thursday
Oh man, this Monday is off to a CRAZY start..
woord! Let me know how it is
u sure bout tht
RT and follow us cause we asked nicely lol...
....you should be here with me right now my dogs are playing tug of war its cute Lol imma have to make a video and show u XD
a cute boutique -- #bevello. there's one in Phillips place, blakeney, & Birkdale Village.
But hey if i turn on you its cause you made me do it
waiting for #beyondscaredstraight to come on. love that show!
All packed, ready to go. LA, America Got Talent waiting for me and my grandson Zev.
Proposed #EU data privacy regulations not guidance, will directly effect member states. Promotes cooperation by regulators.
Oh no, my throat is starting to hurt! Did you do do this to me, ?!!
hey, it's not their fault City let QPR score a man down.....
on dvd?
#iloveitwhen he gives me head hate it wen he gives me headache lok
Guys with British accents ♥
MURDER CITY DEVIL'S!!!!! PDX!
I like how it's not a car
it's s frame from a beepod, and I think the good vibes here are keeping them happy.
Happy Easter. my brother actually spoke to me without being asked. Jesus really does exist. Haha.
we're surprised it's not illegal in more states!
i used to want you so bad
This girl is so beautiful & I miss her so much >>
Im ready for thursday :D
Job creation highest in US since July 08 -- and that's w/ govt job cuts.
My mom hates basketball -_-
“: half way there just wish I could snap my fingers and it was all done and in the car!!” wish you were already here!
I'd cry everyday of jealousy stop omg
When it comes to the East, I'm #TeamHeat , and when it comes to the West, I'm
I guess hockey players who get stitches done in minutes don't care about the quality of them or the scars that will be left
that was pretty atrocious
#SeniorElite 's gold party >>> prom
Prom sucked.
w/ and Always good food and fellowships.
Follow me! Please, and tell me how you can obtain this body :)
we ain't scared of em either we playin like we don't care right now.. when we get to the finals... We will!!
I had a great bday! Thank you for the 💗!!
😳 girl bye!! You been boo loving all weekend!!
what of it? D:
It's me thank you lol
why hello.... I am ok... Tired from a long day of kicking ass. And you?
I hope today went well! #AimHybrid like always!
u killed it last nite D-Town wasn't ready for u mama, u held it and looked great
what do you have in mind?
Killed and raped I tell you
R u gonna shock someone w/ ur pregnancy/gender announcement? Put ur video/pic on our Facebook for a chance to win a fabulous prize package!
Great opening number, but the band was too loud or Billy's mic needed to come up.
Lmao to late i got 2 apple Pies2double cheese burgers n a large frylol
im confused....jealous of whom?? {im praying its me LMAO}
I have to stop saying ''How stupid can you be?'' I think some people are taking it as a challenge.
After all the hype, "Girls" pilot really disappointing. Don't know who decided that hanging out in bathrooms was a thing.
... It's National Puppy Day ... [ ] ... Two who are doing their part for pet adoption.
"Mommy, can I go out and kill tonight?" After you clean the litter box Glenn.
High roller.
A doc says no, find another way to get his attention. #s4pm - walking away just turns off docs from the next ePatient even more
It seems appropriate that the Jersey Shore cast spends their time promoting white trash energy drinks and weight loss supplements.
omg i cant believe my birthday is next week!!!!! ah im so excited!!!!! people on twitter better be wishin me a happy birthday ON THE 25!!
of too greeccee:D!, be back in 7 daays i love you all my tweetlings, and im going to miss this one certain person!, i love himm<3!!!!!!!!!
I guess Manchester City winning the title is kind of like the Clippers winning except that it happened.
lame ass (:
Liver Detox Tips: avoid stressor foods : sugar, Hydrogenates or esterified fats, MSG, burnt foods
coming over to watch Entourage and say my goodbyes
yup. knuckle up hoeee
you will always be little Romeo to me
It's a beautiful weekend . . . pool is heated, house is clean, ready for a BBQ and swim party tomorrow! #HappyHappy!
-Great!! Thanks so much dolls! If you hear of other great resorts with management positions by you, let me know! xox
Montgomery YaYaNoodles Chinese just served rubbery chicken in blackbean sauce, bland spicy fried rice & unchewable calamari
If the Prozac fits RT : #Vols messages boards not helping fight the notion that this is most bi-polar fan base in the country.
Sorry to hear about that. We're checking it out right now and you'll hear back from us soon!
potato chip bits on top!
Thanks for sharing 's post on our blog Anna!
Anyone have experiences to share? Thinking about subscribing. TIA
sometimes you must turn left to move forward.....
Working on some theatre with the youth of sewickly... Then off to do some final rehearsing of a Taffeta Wedding
Did you ever see a wild animal? Is that scarry?
Bonita aplebum you gotta put me on
i'm exaughsted after this weekend! and yep, i am working tomorrow too. i hope everyone else enjoys their day off!! :)
Make great choices today. Enjoy the weather and on June 5 be in the building, Fire on Water...Welcome to the Lightlife. Smile!
Unbelievable. Chris Davis 0-8 5 k's, 2 innings pitched, no runs, 1 win
demyia say him when she was walkin home from my house and she called me & put him on the phone he told me to come down &
You want beer. You know you do! Stop on by for $8 Schlitz & 1/2 price appetizers STAT, sweet thang!
Why, Hello There Summer(: SCHOOLS OUT FOr ME!
“: I know entire league just tell me who you want. : do u know of any single NFL players” I want in on this 2!!
Catching up on #books I should have already #read..."Silent Spring", "A Sand County Almanac", "The Nature Principle", anything to add?
oh no! Think warm thoughts;-)
DOH! I missed the RT part. LOL! Trying again - Julia, yes, Trish is right - *total* Rockstart!
The dog hates when other dogs are in tv. Or any other animal. Or animation. Or sudden movement of any sort.
Wait wait.... Yea I just saw your asshole!! Thank you, and your welcome
Thanks from a multi-million miler for fighting this dangerous idiocy by keeping anti-vax lies out of AA material
Wow. Jealous much? People mad cuz you mad cute
Little imperfections make you beautiful… but would you pay for crooked teeth? Apparently #Yaeba double tooth is a new popular trend in Japan
We recommend whole pitted fruit+rice+hard boiled egg (for handing out) // fruit slices+rice+fried egg (for eating @ home). Try nectarine!
follow me please?(: noo.. oh okay /: ~ le goes to corner and cry ~
Fans will be treated to live performances from the legendary R&B group, The Whispers and the popular SOUL/R&B trio, Tony! Toni! Toné!.
It must be mandatory for all cover bands play "Brown Eyed Girl" and "Sweet Home Alabama" lol.
76 arrested in Capitol protest over Medicaid cuts
Casting done now onto work!
On the road coming b.ck from southwest stomach onn. Full
Don't hate on the next man. Make yourself better!
There is a look alike here. I almost went up to her to say hi.
“: Thanks 2#CBS radioFam 4helping us spread updates #WSShooter” And thank you!
FRIENDS 7 of 10: You can make more friends in two months by becoming really INNTERESTED in THEM, then being really NICE to THEM...
#TerribleDisneyMovies There is no such thing
My puppy is quite the escape artist... She escapes from her kennel for the second time today.
Lift off
Congratulations! You working (and living) in the Bay Area now?
lol I know that's right. Let me know if you hear where she goes. She will be missed!
You never know who's going to need it. #giveblood sandiegobloodbank.org
RGIII already has his own commercial
I will be watching scandal tomorrow on hulu the Tweets tonight got me super excited.
The whole state of colorado looks like a bass pro shops.
Bout to get dressed and head out
HEY YOU DON"T SAY THAT
I'm a big fan can I get a follow please?
George Karl's 71... 
It was 4 against Pau . . . don't feel that fucking proud -__-
It was vile. Purely disgusting. In the middle of the intersection too >_<
I just discovered your tumblr...when can we be real life friends?!
We thrilled to start another week of rehearsals with the awesome cast of Casual Encounters/Missed Connections!
Great to hear about developments at the Library. Best of luck with the ongoing work.
At chruch runnin off two hours of sleep but ill make it.
Have you heard of SOPA/PIPA? These bills are a big thing for Cloud services! More on the NYC protest later this week!
lol... I THINK ITS ANNOYING.
Thanks, Jamie!
Royal, Tahoe, SFV, and Skywalker OG kush's just hit our shelves. Check them out!
"B- B- B MY BFF CUZ IDK WHAT'S COMING NEXT"
I Want Some Chicken Nuggets c Donalds Ugj
thanks darling ;)
The Dream, Kendrick Lamar, and voter registration at UW tonight. Aw yeah.
I've already liked that video. (:
can't wait girl we are goin hard 🍺
The usual debauchery??
“: I would take a bullet for you... on COD.”
Not sure.. come and find out! :)
Oh my
Yay! I see you in like.... a week. Lol.
We couldn't agree more... 4 days!
i have so much homework & studying to do tonight :'(
I'll just run off to Scandidinavia and be happy.
