Turns out canned tomato soup is a passable sub for pasta sauce when you add the right spices. Kitchen wizard!
Ok cool :)...are you enjoyin this beautiful weather 2day
ill be by there later
Sick and in pain
Where did you see it?
Stepped away for a while. What'd I miss?
What's this about?
I gotta say that stung a little. To each his own
These ladies are serious about supporting Mamas! RT : WOW! Thanks so much!!!!!!
When I correct you, and you get mad, <<< ..... It's for YOUR own good, stupid ass. -.-
I didn't know Josh Groban was a contestant on
Omg monster energy drinks are like crack only 3 sips now havn heart palpitations, and shakin like Pookie on NewJC
It's not finished, but I have a full sketch with voice and orchestra framework up to the last bar.
My grandpa thinks its ok to get in the car without his keys #forgetting something?
w/ Fresh, flavorful Laotian Crispy Rice Salad at our Holiday Gathering. Go to Falls Church & give Chef Seng a hug from us!
but, didn't you play by the rules?
hey Jeff, really enjoyed your panel just now and would love to catch up and chat. Are you around during the break?
you're on a tweeting frenzy. Lol
The greatest thing from talking with mom today is that I found out dad was the one who gave me the name Katie. :)
you imply that you normally give cocktails to children.
HEY LOU! IF YOU FOLLOW ME I'LL TURN YOU INTO A ZEBRA SO YOU CAN PERMANENTLY HAVE STRIPES. :3
My babys meeting with the surgeon today. :/
The Scandinavians are winning everything. Like so many Vikings pillaging the
S/O To All My Followers, Thanks For The Support
just installed xmarks for chrome. life is sweet.
What about Horror/Comedy? Seems more unlikely, but just as common. Easier to scare people after they've laughed?
yeah, nuts. and make a damn sandwich yourself dude. you can buy a pound of ham for price of 2 lunchables.
"As sure as spring will follow winter, prosperity and economic growth will follow recession." Bo Bennett, Motivational Speaker
A womens heel in the club is deadly to a man! last night a bitch stepped on my boot, hurt like a bitch, felt like some1 shot me in da foot
thanks girl, me too!! I still sometimes can't believe I wasn't dreaming it :D
waiting for you to follow your biggest fan so i could cross it off my bucket list;)
My life have taught me one vital thing and that is: I came into this world alone. I shall leave it alone. And, if I have to live in it alone
when are you going to notice me? :/
did u get to catch any of co hawks 15's? If so thoughts ?
It was the shirt :-)
hey bud, I need a favor. Could you spare 5 minutes sometime today to talk Moscato with us? Launching a new FB ad campaign.
Whoa. Your Tweets are uh. NOTICABLE... xD
A new empathic approach used in one high school. Great results!...
got u
thanks for the follow ! Great website -- fond memories of the Mozart clarinet concerto...
Good Luck to all students having Chinese tests and Oral exams! 加油！
Josh hutcherson & jennifer lawrence. You're killing me here.
ohmygod. Im so embarrassing lmao so dumb
Be great to have a one-stop virtual library for all these new digital maps, with all the content they index.
haha guess it's going to be a long semester then lol ;)
Tho, with the AQ going away, I see the only reason to leave as money. And if that doesn't come thru, well, it's a mistake to go
don't leave the one you love for the one you like blah blah blah...
Awesome, I hope everyone enjoyed!
Still awake.
thanks! You too, where can I find your music?
absolutely! the fun just STARTS at 7! RT : this event tonight- can I get there after 7?
Terri Gender Bender from literally almost just got arrested in the middle of their set. Long story. But rad.
really? Aw thank you so much!! :)
You're welcome! RT : Cardamom Latte, thank you,
Looking forward to a Wisconsin Fish Fry tonight with Brandy Old Fashions!
I've had third lunch all week
Thanks, Jim. Happy Thursday!
is it me or are #BLUECHIPS hating on the #FACEBOOK IPO? strange to see haters in Corporate America, LOL!
It's better that way
I <3 NSHSS (The National Society Of High School Scholars) ^_^
Had an opportunity to pray for a homeless brother named Terry. #ETTS Eyes to the Sky. May the Lord bless the homeless.
what u guys doing?
I'm trying to follow people that are following me but it isn't sticking. Weird. I'm TRYING though!!
In relationships, sometimes the most important part of communication is HEARING what's not being said.
BIG News Coming Very Soon!
has brandon jennings under contract as well as auburn, texas tech and other hoops teams but has no retail hoops shoe to sell
just chillen in advisory laying on the mats wishes advisory was longer that 30 mins
web-investigators.com and private.investgator.detective.com
Hello to our new followers , , , and !
sweet! You should catch Queen L on Sat!
Jennifer and Derek so deserved a PERFECT score tonight! I have no clue what is going through the judges minds?????
About time one of our DJ's got a Twitter. Everyone make sure to go follow . Who btw is opening for this Wednesday
Is there a football game on? U gonna show for my celebrity bar shift today 11AM-1PM at next to
Mayor : "I will be the first Philly mayor to visit Incheon." W/i a year. Try the live baby squid, Mayor, it's a specialty!
The NYT today was all about the World Cup. Check it
I was watchin all the jersey shore reruns last night lol they was funny thoo lol
Happy, happy, happy Friday! Did I say happy yet? Wake up with the
You are so welcome!
one tough Defender
It is sad and incomprehensible how much fear and angst is triggered by a discussion of health care reform these days
America's Best Dance Crew with all routines to Drake songs--SCORE!
Post-July 4th blues? Sync yourself into some great reads on your e-reader: THAT SUMMER is now 2.99
Actually, it was my ex girlfriend. Now I just need Bunny to cut me a check for $100k and this all goes away.
Graduation party tomorrow
School's out! Share fun activities you and your kids are doing over the holiday break... :)
enjoying a bowl of chicken noodles, while opening up new metros... busy day! been on the phone most of the time... i can't wait for tuesday!
NYC in summer is a Bikram yoga studio for 8 million. Hot sweaty people contorting themselves to fit into small spaces.
I wouldn't want him
We gotta start praying for our family members
If loving waffles is wrong, we don't want to be right.
Don't worry - its a request not a requirement
Not a chance, we got this in the bag!!!
"You know how horribly flawed I am." Bree to Tripp. "I don't want to love an ideal, I want to love a real person."T to B
Don't worry if you didn't win this time around! We will be giving away more gift cards in the next few weeks!
my pay it forward: I bought a former colleague lunch and lent him my ear after a recent layoff. bad times ahead for this good guy.
Ha, so true! Warming up and stretching...
Just posted a few new shows. Check them out!
Valid point - planning on it!
Devotion is more than just saying you love the Divine... You must become that love, see that love in all things, and be the act of loving.
Love that song!
“If you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right.” Henry Ford
“: Yes! And, like, yeah, man. RT : she totally looks like Janice from the muppets. #bachelor” Yes! Ha!
Thanks for the RT of my post - and thanks for producing so much great info!
hi Beth just wanted to say I love you you are amazing and I wish I were as strong as you you are a role model
We're close to launching our video on inspiration. Stay tuned!
mom brought home five boxes of dunkaroos
tripped transistor lapses, I touch / the body, eclectic / and my hands reach out the eyes / transposing silently the veins of sleep
hahahah soon, we will go soon. lol
Major Obama Donor Under Investigation by SEC Over Payments to the Chinese - In addition to being the largest single donor (Katzenberg)
Howard Cossell: DOWN goes Frazier, er uh, Facebook!
The fun police just raided my loft.
“: #RETWEET if you're ONLINE! I'm giving shoutouts to everyone who follows [ ] #HURRY!! :))” done.
Check out the new single off "Where Giants Roam". Let us know what you think!
you cant die! We got shit to do this weekend
Pissed off at you.
who do they play?
thanks, playboy!!
thinking of dropping iPhone in favor of DROID, AT&T killin me because of service. thoughts?
I dnt ask fa much...but 2chill n have a good time!!! So y is it so hard 2 find mii Mr.Right?
The next show replay is Tuesday on Root Sports - I believe 5:30pm.
Oh, okay. Um, I invented Post-Its.
We've had Farley for almost 3 years... got him a few months after we got married... and he's not fat, just big-boned ;-)
I'm such an idiot. I bought the wrong strings!!! 😡
I still can't change my default :(
Today I got lunch at Calexico Cart, someone shot me with a Nerf dart, and we had an office-wide cookie decorating party. I heart
Enjoying our first real day in San Fran! Thanks to & for watching the house, dog and most importantly Caroline!
I'm playing at The Jam session tonight at The Grand Bohemian in Orlando 8:00 - 11:00
#happymothersday to all the mothers, the expecting mothers, pet mommies & the sexy mamis of the world! 😉❤👶
haha you sure did! What's your name? Im Ashley!<3
Lick me like the end lick me like it's the end of the cone!
I sure hope so!!!
yay, it's officially the day when we can spoil the Hunger Games movie for everyone who wasn't quick enough to see it yet!!!
Botulinonia: sex with a sausage. (How weird is that...)
i will make sweet love to one day.<3
this music shit isn't done overnight..
ii meant tu put who watched dha bad girls club last nite ..!!
Nice, GLOC! RT : we need to hook up so i can co produce this! good luck to you all!
I know there are a lot of veteran hockey media guys, but with media companies looking to get younger and cheaper (continued)
I hope so too
Just Got Banged On , Soo I Guess I'll Go To Sleep Now !
Learning about Twitter with Lexi Kavanaugh right now. She knows what's up!
holy crap i did not know this.
Good morning YOUNG,WILD&FREE
This week we've got #TheKingsSpeech, #Rango plus the new Matt Damon thinker-thriller,
Thanks, Malcolm! RT : I gave ten bucks to Keith's Campaign!!
Mike miles from harrison school district 2 in Colorado Springs testifying in support of house bill 1238
Dt Bars tonight
Going to the airport early in the morning. We!
“: 60+ bands performing for FREE at #Superbowl village. #OAR #dierksbentley learn more www.indianapolisSuperBowl.com”
Who is going to win the game tonight
What's your favorite yarn website?
Yo, this skull guy from "Captain America" is mad scary.
if not, see us at the Gorge for Watershed! : )
I have one in my purse.
"Forward down the field!"
#humblebrag :Was just rear-ended because the guy in the drive thru line behind me was checking out my wife as she walked by
are you still playing KROQ Weenie Fest? Buying tix next week
thanks for checking us out. Let us know what you think.
Wtf RT : =O!!!! Wow.... niggas be looking too. smh RT " Halle Berry's stunt double, in the movie “Catwoman”, is a man."
perfect day to go to the beach -_-
Thanks for last night's enjoyable member get-together. It was fun to meet more chapter folks!
My wife just referred to her butthole as the brown biscuit.
Finally got to see game of thrones, the first two episodes of the new season. I don't remember stannis doing that in the books....
they are so fun! Try to go when you can. :-) plus you get to see in person ;)
#HowCanYouExpect people to respect you, when you don't do the same to other ... you gotta give it to get it...
The awkward moment when the person who is cutting your hair says "oops"
MT Ravens Suggs on ESPN: "Why don't you like my quarterback, Skip? Is it his mustache? Is it his eyebrows?" > > Awesome
Didn't hit the jackpot. But I did make some money tho and got pretty good at Roulette
couldn't get waveburner to work with my 002... why you gotta mess my system up :) jk
If it works, you realize I'll have to hire you every time I audition? ;)
//lol Aw man!
#HowToPissAFemaleOff tell me I'm overreacting. Care to die?
m nice honey
This is a Calling, Emerson Grey, Avindale, Takes South By Storm, & Tides of Ruin; Friday October 15 @ Bethel Church 6301 Alabama, 6:00, $5!
your friend is cutee
Yay watching a movie
RT : The Hometown Tourist digs Maryland, archeologist tourism in the Free State about 1:40 pm Friday
welcome to Twitter lmaoo
DOH that's right. Candlestick!
Watching a movie w/my family, then bed. Night world!
there's a shell station with one in reseda on white oak right off the exit
aww, poor baby! It's no fun...it's gotta be the change in weather and allergies combined..
Spent some money on Tribes:Ascend
the king of all photos ;)
no doubt!!
Couldn't be more proud of our vice president and his stance on gay marriage!
then they should have no say about anything!
Nikon's D800 outclasses all others in sensor test - CNET
Great time on Saturday at the #Gasparila festival in Tampa. Our annual "founder's day" tradition.
Slave to the bills.
THIS it the COOLEST shop ever!!! Must Must get one (um, or two)!! THANKS MARCI! LET US KNOW WHAT YOU WANT!
You know what's not so fun? Planning a day's worth of food for a whole conference while getting over food poisoning.
what about it? Haha
well yeah, but after that ! haha and mommy was looking so forward to seeing you!! she was kinda happy -__-
KDAY's 4:20 programming is so on point
same... who are you going with tue? i haven't planned this well.
Brian can sigh in relief - Steven Tyler is engaged:-)
I read :) Sorry I was off :/ a little busy
I am having a great Vday
The Tigers are becoming the cardiac cats again.
Hammed in a shuttle oh
Want a tangible reminder to be an Upstander? Send us a SASE. We'll send you a penny card, w/ info on 1 child who died in the Holocaust.
Finding out more and more things about avon girls that i thought were perfrectly good.... Wrong! 
Happy Mothers Day!! Hope it was a good one!
it's bad enough reading about chocolate souffle 1st thing in the AM, but is the chocolate icing banner really necessary?
I had coffee Patron just now and it was SICK! Never again. I don't want my hair to grow anymore
the inside GOV Center sucks! The one inside North Station (NEAR Door) gives 3/4 cup of coffee to save ca$h :(
50 cent ain't a rapper who got shot nine times, it's the fuckin price we pay, when we eat on wing night!
Anybody smoke American Spirit cigarettes? They any good?
eating sausages
roc u being sexy
you post some of the best internship opportunities. Thanks for the continuous updates!
“: I have a list of questions...I need to ask the perfect person, !” I apprieciate it Honey, but I am far from perfect
Muffins, queso, enchilada dip, and iFratelli pizza all by 1 p.m. Not a good day to be my pants, man.
yup, & it's your fault!
who gives a fuck about all that? Get over it bro
Fall programs are underway. Peer groups, respite care, community outings, and parent education in the Los Angels area! We still have space!
this has been the best season because of Britta!
Thanks to for the follow. Text messaging is a great way to keep clients up to date with schedules and special offers!
American Girl Readers Club will conclude with Cecile and Marie-Grace at the Centre Branch on April 26th at 4 p.m. For girls 8 and up.
texting you
Thanks again to a whole new slew of new Fans! YOU ROCK!
Thanks for the follow - looking forward to your updates!
If I had a# KeurigVue brewer I would call it go go juice
I AM EASILY SWAYED.
Thanks for following. Nice description, I feel similar about making music.
no way dude. We already went down that road once. Too expensive.
Brad Templeton on computing security: "We are now automating both good & evil. Crime can now scale nonlinearly."
Concealed Carry and Castle Doctrine are fine, but we need laws to keep guns out of criminals' hands.
WISH I COULD VOTE FOR PIP >=[
11 more likes to page status and sale!
lol yes I did
go to tunecore.com and sign up. it's pretty much the easiest way :)
[GT]PSA: #Community returns tonight! If you're not part of the audience, you're part of the precipitate!
“: Bros graduation tonight!” hey I'll be there too! Did you know that?
Top floor, dog.
Happy Veterans Day
Can't sleep. It has nothing to do with the double chocolate cheesecake and coffee I had earlier this evening.
Beautiful holiday. Now back to work! !
Vanessa Hudgens kisses guitarist
I enjoy but, come on, it's Jon Hamm everytime. Always, no matter what.
Nah, you're good. You're clearly on top of things.
heard that, lol
oh thanks O_O
what changed for Rodgers in sf? Better scheme fit?
my husband runs a lot and LOVES them! He took them to Afghanistan with him and uses them to run there too :)
Another #GoKingsGo power play! Coyotes getting frustrated, taking terrible penalties.
I need to know the details before you put out a press release. I have other obligations and don't want to put you in a bind.
Aw, there's nothing more adorable than a four year old working through the concept of his own mortality at the dinner table. Right? *sob*
Amen to that!
Four Movie Extras needed as Construction workers error
oh you Portuguese with your magical realism! Anthem of my heart! (Family name is Andojar).
I love my baby, Tyga.
Fuck I could have cracked that hanging pos , come on hammel
I know you do.. Sleezebag.
House of Sand and Fog was a great movie but geez I need a pick me up now. (with Robbin)
nah u guyz r sexier
Why is iris by the goo goo dolls randomly number 1 on iTunes?
Eff it.....oh well
Only one Answer! rel to Free TV Series onlineMore Tweets
sounds interesting, ill give it a peep! thx peeps!
No gain without pain. Have a great workout.
You've got to be kidding????
#10thingsaboutme; #7. I have 2 sister's that are both older than me...:/
WOW!! Jean Merrill is one of my author heroes. Plz pass along my best wishes. I give PW and Tooth.Mill to library custmrs often.
didn't read it...lived it.
Show us your independent artists!
It was so nice meeting yesterday at neiman's! So beautiful! Gonna catch The Talk later on today!
dont get lost in our huge giant airport lol
Wondering what the Rose Bowl jerseys look like? I've got a sneak peek at 10...
Seriously contemplating getting banh mi again today.
Chinese museums grappling w issues US museums dealt with in 19th c. How to define museums? How to build colls? But is v. new wld.
on what? hahaha
lol yea i know. U gotta come up
standing outside metro arena waiting for ur sexy ass! Cos rihanna we found love in a hopeless place!! Get in woohoo!! Cnt wait x
Omg -.- i know Im not dating him.-.-
I hope not. But it helps. There isn't one way. One way is for religion.
snake selling
Happy Friday and Happy Tweeting !
Dowager Countess should consistently reference Budweiser & Chevy in addition to playing some mean defense.
bad mother.
Dude. Dude. You guys. I'm like, dying for a cupcake. /munchietalk.
I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVVVEEEEEE U SO MUCCHHHH TWO
hahah I just like nujabes beats
follow me back King!
its on Henry boulevard in stockbridge
#21CRadio Q4 Do you like to get music news directly from artists on social media or do you prefer someone else to do reporting?
Ho ho ho! Lol-popin. Just finishing up music for a video game for xbox. What's the haps with you?
Just took a shower! Fuck feel
it's how we process a large amount of information in a small amount of time
omg thats adorable :)
HELP ME GET MY MOM TO TAKE ME TO PLAYLIST LIVE SO I CAN SEE YOU!!!!!!!! :D
&PARK NICE JZ LOOK AT \U NOW
o woow ok thats far whats out there to do?
awesome job Josh!!! and !
Do you ever see D. McDonald getting thrown into a trade? Seems we have plenty of legitimate outfield prospects.
Good luck in Dallas, buddy. Will miss you behind the plate this season.
Police down town again on Colerain
So I guess wearin whatever you want to wear instead of wearin some shxt erryone is wearin is considered "bummy" in Newport News..smh
What's good on #Netflix ? I'm thinking a stay in movie night tonight!
Ya did?? Will look again. Did not see your email!
What if standardize tests are a gateway to an uncontrollable desire to read crappy passages?
Welcome Nancy! We're glad to have you!
Watching tennis matches all day. No drinko de cinco for me =\
Great wine and great food - thanks for sharing your favorites!
Does bama dare attempt another FG???
1634 meeting tonight!
I hope that I wont cry but I think Im going be our ET has that affect on people
Hehe. Will do. This meal will cost me 1hr of swimming+1hr of dancing+1hr of walking tom. But worth it coz #foodismyreligion:-)
I'm good. Building the new terminal at McCarran Intl Airport LAS. 1/2 mile long... getting my exercise, for sure.. Weather's nice!
RT Thursday: Marathon reading of Melville's Bartleby, the Scrivener: 60 Wall St, 3PM
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same. Elbert Hubba
I can't wait to leave this town tomorrow..
Good two days resting up hangin with friends. Big week ahead. Charlotte I will see u 2morrow and then....ATL!!! My 2nd home. <-- justin said
All I wanna do is just smoke drink n fuck
'Let's have some new cliches' Samuel Goldwyn
The singer for this salsa band looks like Boris Kodjoe. M...
RT First words of Easter morning from lips of our resurrected & reigning Lord were, "Do not be afraid." So....//Hope!
Mike and Mike apparently hasn't watched alot of AD themselves.
Lol thank you for that voicemail saying "hey bitch wanna get laid tonight?" stfu immature cunts whoever you are.
Decemberists live at Austin City Limits right now.
We have showrooms in Phoenix, Glendale, Scottsdale and Tucson- so we are never far away when you need the best lighting options!
Watching Gremlins - forgotten how much I loved this movie. Bright lights bright lights!
I can't sleep so im just chillin on gif boom making gifs loll
really and so have I, you just got ghost on me like... damn
Just came back from a walk down the national mall, snow men everywhere! Love this winter wonderland!
Ok! Definitely added to reading list.
I don't know what that means...should I keep going? :p
Great to meet up with looking through his recent shoots. Only £35for an hours family photoshoot... Really good value!
please i want a count of vevo ,, i live on peru
Gorgeous #Fall day here in
loves Valentines day, where nookie is only a box of chocolates away
whats ur email ? We can trade !
. You are an idiot. Stop while you can still dial a phone. Then call a friend. Or a taxi.
I say all pittsburgh is missin is more diversity all thr movies,music,and diff renovations def make a good impact
Your always BEAUTIFUL
Thanks so much, Kate! Great to hear from you...let's catch up sometime soon.
what is the status of the duval fire. my house is in that area and i know y'all are having site trouble.
Just did the math and tied for most apps at #HackTO with 5 apps each out of a total of 17 awesome apps
I've had a rough night and I hate the fuckin eagles man... Also trance > techno for grinding, and in general.
Laughing at THAT visual. I'm not Canadian though so he would be biased against me I'm sure.
My pt is really this: it's a polemic. He should state "I prefer x type of football. I have a prob with X"
They are putting your tweets on the NFL Network.
Im surprised that more people don't recognize you
: these vets need to be employed! I speak to executives for improved interaction and outreach for awareness and compliance.
Hi Miss Lady, how are you?
"Every kid needs someone who is proud of them."
My cousin insists on talking over VIber. Anybody tried it?
"Now made with real cheese" . . WTF were you using before???
Im.back.twitter.world!
Emails for server status is not a service we offer. I recommend 3rd party monitoring and have passed along your concerns. ^CB
for audio? Do you have a genre you like?
I told that Guy From Facebook about you. im really sorry for what I did... I love you!
Kids Rock! Today is take your rocker to work-all kids get a free ice cream cookie sandwich with the purchase of an adult entree 11a-4p.
Will I ever NOT be scared of sleeping alone?
Hey Matt, what does turn out for Friday look like?
The only thing we bring to this relationship with Christ is hunger, He brings everything else. GET HUNGER!
What a dunk by MKG! Kentucky up 32-24 with 5 minutes left in the first half!
thanks ladies!
Man is it just me or do it seem like everybody on dumb shit 2day? lol wtf
Pleasure is all mine! Looking forward to your updates and also joining you at a
Hey! I've only been using Twitter for a couple of months lol
that wud b me
i have the huge headach
Kourtney and Kim Take New York ! <33333333
Do more than belong: participate. Do more than care: help. Do more than believe: practice. Do more than dream: work."
The awk moment when you keep retweeting someone. Sorry, #you'rejustclever
rock, heavy rock, R&B and Hip Hop. Sometimes mashups between those genre's just for fun :-)
that awkward moment when you are trying to do 11:11 but the time changes to 11:12 before you press send.
I know what you are thinking about me, and the worst: I agree!
Join us at for our Official Opening Day Tailgate. We walk to the stadium area together at 2pm.
Awesome. Hey, is there still time to do that animals on ships exhibition we wanted to do? Maybe we can adJudycate the matter.
where r u meeting them?
can we hear some fatboy slim, praise you? Please!
thanks for the RT, hope you enjoyed the article!
For some odd reason, I never have any hair nets.
E-ink (used in Kindle) is actually easier to read than printed ink in a book? Hard to believe but want to test out that theory!
Deck doesn't want me here. Had to fold top2 on dry brd, and then just folded KK on J high brd in a 3bet pot. Now at 8k.
I'm ready to have a great weekend...I hope you guys feel the same!
I agree. It really tells you something about the man behind the public image. So does his incessant changing of positions.
"John Mayer can't decide whether to age into Johnny Depp or Jack White, so he's splitting the difference." Hilarity from
can i be the 301st person you follow ? <3
Spring break........ Summer won't come any faster :(
at work right now, if anything is going on when I get back
#antm #americasnexttopmodel I read its cuz she told who the final three was when she was supposed to keep it a secret
oh lunchtime. I love you so much.
Totes have room Maggie! :) ^dr
our pet food drive is doing great, but we need more canned cat food, first drop off date is Feb 7th....and also visit our site, great sales!
Eddie Montgomery's bound, show starts at 9. Come hang out with us. May roll out Hannah's latest "LIVE". Get there!-BH
Berly finished hand drawing 3 mother's day cards.
haha idk either. and we thought we were awesome with our sidekicks
he was so pissed he used a pc
Living gives you a better understanding of life
whoever that is, says today is my 3-year Twitter anniversary. Congrats to me, I guess?
in one them moods lol >>>
I thought our robes were black?
Amazing Baby just finishing up on stage. Will have to check the out on Itunes or Blip. The are pretty good, live at least.
Not every girl has the same intentions the bitch that fucked you over had.
“: Physical Therapy Flow”keep up the great work & congratulations on your accomplishments & achievements!
go follow ASAP>>>>
are you going tomorrow ? or no ?
In 2016, 'haps? “: YU DARVISH FOR PRESIDENT I DON'T CARE THAT IT IS ILLEGAL MAKE IT HAPPEN OBAMA”
Watched TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE last night at 2:00am---Big Mistake---Could Not Sleep at All--Don't like watching scary movies by myself hahh
hello from Japan
new to twitter. wish me luck!(;
good luck!
Ok I was just testing my luck. Goodnight <3
want to target n got my sister a white ipod lol n back home
Use psychology to your advantage: Encoding specificity principle. Drink coffee while studying & then drink same kind of coffee during exam.
You have to use #slapam because the hyphen causes the pam part to be dropped. I'll see you later.
SAM TRUMP
Tropical Storm Don turned out to be a dud here in South Texas.
Happy New Year to all! Make it a resolution to go to at least one Edcamp this year.
what u up to
Folks, the people of North Carolina elected John Edwards, so what happened yesterday should be no surprise.
Now were not lost..
Noeleen: Keep it simple...pick three main messages of 4-7 second sound bites and stick with them.
You think I settle for convenience? You're fucking stupid. Lets talk a little. I'll be nice.
Drinking beer up at getting ready for our #MPMF set at blue wisp at midnight
HAHAHA MY LIFE
awhhh yaaaay! you guys can have the three tickets I have ! and it's a 230 show! i can't wait to see you guys! :)
At least my grandma not following me on twitter, cause we are friends on FB
New Detroitexploitation Cinema: "Red Baby Syndrome". Later this Evening. Word Yo!
lmao u wrong as hell aint nothin wrong wit street pussy u jus gotta beat it lol
Who remembers all the Punk-O-Rama compilations?
Just don't drop it!!
hey, thanks:)
#TECHmunch: Enjoy SASS during brk 2day? It's maker is bringing free bottles for u to tk hm. Tweet me if u want one! Thnx
Singin in musical theatre today. It was fun lol. Me and Courtney killed some Annie lol
hey you..
they are the sweetest girls you could ever meet please follow you wont regret it
Probably not. It's not possible to please all peoples at all times. And while allowing universal access might seem beneficial,
I knew you'd come around RT : I hate to say it but I think Adele is starting to grow on me.
I shouldn't even have to say this but I'm STRAAAAAAAAIIGHT so guys..... not gonna happen
I've stopped asking what the meaning of life is. My question now is: "Why do only technologically-challenged people use self-check-outs?"
I wish that I was Superman so I can fly place to place ha...............
Where are you moving to??
as if Barry, ARod, Clemens, Pettite, and Jose needed any help...baseball sucks.
That would be me :-)
Progress is good
Getting a tumor removed from his nose. He's a tough old dude.
Any idea what side is which at #cowboysstadium? I can't find it for anything...
Have a great time on vacation!
stephen and ellis wasnt?
School!! Listen ing to I feel so close right now
please do. So tired of bending over to do everything for a girl. I have 5 sis. Me youngest. No more.
Is this the Charish Badzinski I know from WEAU-TV? This is Rob Johnson, formerly of the Chippewa Herald.
how many models do you have?
I wish Jerry Blank had a twitter
Putting 's kids through college with my use of stubhub this month.
"This Tooth Shall Pass"
How do you drive and tweet?
A great month to check out our music and edu programs: www.cantatasingers.org RT : Oct. is National Arts & Humanities Month...
All business majors - receive the FT electronic edition while at school -
I swear I just witnessed a drug deal..
..I like sleeping alone.
YOU BOYZ KILLED IT 💛💛💛
I have ashy knees.
You’ve got to live the life you want to remember
Do you know her breed?
Good. I thought we might have to change it to "submission inquiry," which sounds like "Where's my muhfuggin poems?!"
Havent done anything all day and it feels great! :-)
RT : 1st person with D Rose slander u will be automatically treated and smacked in person and that's no fucking joke
i'm goin to bed....peace! (please tell me i spelled that right lol)
Win. So John Krasinski is in a movie about whales and Emily Blunt is in one about salmon? Is that like a marriage pact?
hahaha, that's what I should've done...you'll figure it out eventually. I still question what I should do. It's annoying!
start tweeting!
Yummy white mocha, no whip, non fat and two pumps please *winks at cashier*
It Was Easy, the debut record from DC band Title Tracks, is an amazing piece of work, go buy it tomorrow!
Can never catch a break.
Just got home, extremely tired but had a ton of fun. Howard University is amazing!!
RT : users pin 20k+ in a week & we slip over 100k. Go citizen historians.
Nice videos, Steve!
it's just cruel to release a trailer for Dallas, and not show the episodes until next summer
change that to "face-smacking toddler" and yup, I've been there. Lots of times :x
Headed home for the break? Be sure to unplug everything and tightly shut all windows.
I have been seeing a lot of articles lately about fracking. Am I the only one that thinks of Battlestar Galactica when I see that word?
oh goodness! that is not what i expected!
"some of us just get fat from breathing air."
RT : A female tht remains loyal to you without a relationship is a female u should wife ??
Going to the gym soon
if Kobe had a twitter he wud retweet this but not Lebron.
Hopefully will pick my name this week if not then next week
96% of users use free version; only 4% pay for the extra storage says
Because GOD has his way...people show up in our lives daily to provide support on our journey through LIFE.
should talk to the unions in Wisconsin next time he needs to gather signatures. They've got it down.
are you going to the conference in October? Tickets on sale today a noon sharp...
meet is cancelled!
syrup and oj tastes like shiiiiit
He showed us how not to run a country.
I loved it Christian.!!!!
Yum! RT We'll be making great food all weekend!
Team Madonna
Cool! From People's 50 Most Beautiful list to this. Did u wear your #client Ralph Lauren big pony shirt?! :-)
If I don't know you and you "follow me" why not use this thing to actually be social, if you need references you need only ask. xxoo, MM
Boom boom
sdfasnews followers: The party to celebrate the end of #afta11 and our brand launch is Saturday night from 6-12 dwntwn
I hate life. :)
Early to rise and early to bed makes a man healthy but socially dead.
Store clothing away from natural & artificial light. A cool, dark closet is a great location for storage.
Twitter handles for Health panel-
I think so.
fresh lettuce
Sometimes I wish I knew someone #famous just so I culd feel the like the coolest person ever. Lol. :P
": ; lol ,I don't think I ever watched it all the way through...."(why not its good)
So fresh! Love the #WhiteOut trend for summer!
you look like ^-^
Looking to make an impact and develop your leadership skills? Join our NextGen leadership team! DM for details!
congrats! keep up the good work. we enjoy your tech blog over here at
It sounds cocky, but I attract way too many young lady patrons.
Nice Sonny Rollins concert at Symphony Hall in Boston! (Forgot to tweet earlier. Oh well, better late than never.)
Big game tomorrow. Lets get a W and move forward. TRUE BLUE ALL DAY
haha!! Sounds like a plan! Lol
Pleased that my operations manager and I disagree about web design. Means we are seeing different data, meaning more information.
We'll be rootin' for the Giants, with GMEN BeerTAGs on our Miller Lite bottles!
Yep, and worse than that, I've lost track of time doing fun research (ancestors) that it's already 1:25 am. Time is not friendly.
sets the context for why at
The level of our success is limited only by our imagination and no act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted. ~ Aesop
yeah of course(: hey girl!
": When youre great you're either going to be loved or hated nothing in betweenhe makes hiself hated,He needs to humble himself
MSU is playing at Comerica tonight. I know it's Detroit and all, but there's a nice view beyond the outfield. I need to see a game there.
When a girl gets jealous, she does more research than the FBI
BLAIS will be well represented at #Barnard2012. IMATS is providing simulcasts & librarians will be among the redshirted volunteers.
Haha no i mean a swing swing.(:
For some reason about an hour ago I cut my bangs they actually dnt look bad :p but eh :* . I'm glad I din touch the rest of my hurr ^_°
Guys get quite creative with pick up lines, but I've yet to hear a good one.
Best in the business. Congrats Shaun. RT : Excited to be producing our newest show starting Tuesday. 7-10p ET!
Fixing to go babysit :D
EVERYDAY THAT I CAN GET UP AND GO ABOUT THIS DAILY GRIND IS A GOOD DAY A BLESSING THE NEXT DAY AIN'T PROMISED❕❕❕
Getting ready to head to the rangers ballpark....ah
Horrible story :(
If you let me braid your hair I'll love you forever <3.
It's hot and sunny down in FL. Sat i'll be in the web chat at the beach
Yay! She is good peeps!
I Miss Minnesota just made Top 50. Here it at www.amyams.com
Call me carazzzy to work 32 hours in two days... I say ppl just don't know what it means to actually work
Maybe both
I know that was a test
well not rude jst so noisy !
*realize, omg I'm starting to write British lol
Alicia Keyes looks like a beautiful MOMMY.
take the hat off ;)
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 23
're having BBQ chicken, steamed rice, garden salad and fresh fruit for dinner tonight!
I failed that shit...
but as a result of the outcry those cops were later charged and found guilty in federal court for hate crimes
It is during that period of discomfort that we change.
Everybody has a pair of J's...I don't need to see an of YOUR pair. #NotFresh. #NotFresh at all. that new BOOK you got!
THERE'S NOTHING TO FIX... OH! - Blanka
Hi Shan! that's the cutest smile ever.And it made me smile too!
#bulls good luck tonight!
Thanks Bro
I expect no less from you. TIME FOR HATS.
Cake of the Day: Black Forest Cake :Chocolate mousse, kirsch cherries, and layers of devils food cake! WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
In #boxing, everybody has their favorites. Thomas Hearns
#FF he's a silly little nigga.THIS VERY MOMENT \m/
The Clippers assistant coach played the father on Family Ties.
I was wondering the same
how do 5 gay guys walk ??? answer: in One Direction(;
Hey victor, your mom makes the best frybread!
Don't go with a girl who's high maintence.
theyre the worst omfg why do they exist ): ive had one everyday since monday ):
Ill treat you better than your ex,make you forget about the rest,&never worry about the next,ill show you the real definition of the best,<3
which one
aye, everybody cousins lol
Thanks Rondi for following us!
Dear , you just saved my night!!
Huey Lewis makes the world go round
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW hehehe!... ;)
I won't say I miss you and I lie because I have too.. Because I know you'll never look at me they way you look at her
Hurry Back!
"Talent is a gift and Character is a choice." Anthony Grant - Men's Basketball Coach U. of Alabama
Wow. Blake with the heads up steal with 2.6 seconds left in first half then has the audacity to dunk on Speights as clock expires.
some rubbers!! LMAO!
clairewasserman Thanks for coming!
staring endlessly at the wall...
The first thing I'm going to do when I get to Chicago is to update my status location. Second, find parking.
ima do ma best.
I have used DyKnow a couple of times just to try some of the features, but I am still very much a rookie.
Watching Rudolf the Red Nose Reindeer. Why is Clarice dolled up like a $2 doe? Fake eye lashes and blush? She's throwing herself at Rudolf.
#1DVDforme #1DVDcaptioncomp Just smile and wave, lads. Smile and wave.
YOU SAW THAT GUY?
I love that the team actually scored
Leaving work early on a Friday
super excited ive been cast as a zombie! more to come...
“ Which should I update for b30 first, Black Nexus or Rootz Exodus? You decide!”Black
Red Sox Game tonight with <3
okay!! keep your phone on you!
Any word on the game? Should I scrap all MIN and KC players from my daily fantasy lineup?
Gem worthy grab by SS
Ted, thank you for the FF shout, my Super Friends! Enjoy a restfully fun weekend!
oh no my people... i still dont care, they ned to use their niggie speed and run away
#RAWraleigh will be attending the Launch Party at Solas! Looking forward to seeing these fabulous designers and their work!
RT : Every time you tweet for and #MBTeamS, another "girls under trees" picture is removed from a college home page
Thanks, Karin. Now all you need to do is show me how to reciprocate. :-)
Just finished MWF Seeks BFF by Rachel Bertsche and starting The Marriage Plot by Jeffrey Eugenides
Yowhen i wake up ...
haha didn't u learn ur lesson to not do that from me?! I have that
put your L on your forehead and run along
feel better soon Gina!
hacked by hehehe i miss u ger bear!!!!!! school just isnt the same without u!!! (just in case u wnt c this) lylas!!!!
I bet you $1,000 won't see this tweet 😉
i'm amadisonian there are thousands waiting to get into thecapitol chanting "our house"this is not koch's house, it's the people's.
The mask used by Michael Myers in the original “Halloween” was actually a Captain Kirk mask painted white.
Definitely going get the RAZR tomorrow..this screen too small
I like how I'm hanging out with my best friends mom, wow I'm cool lol
Hey babe, you smell that? No. Me neither bitch, start cooking.
Being a "new" restaurant is not an excuse for bad food & poor service. If ur not ready to open then don't!
#elderlaw seminar Glencroft Phx, no wifi, no tables, few plug-ins. need 2 update to today's attendee needs. viral marketing obstacles 4 sure
Trying to look for my iPhone...in my right hand. <<<
Yes i know !! How are they gonna stay in contact with their fanns !?!? Im gonna miss tweeting them ! :(
"Honey, I'm more man than you'll ever be and more woman than you'll ever get." - Lindy (Antonio Fargas) in CAR WASH (Michael Schultz, 1976)
sad i didn't grab coffee on the (hilly!!!!) walk to the conf. this hotel's brew is not doing it for me. seattle shouldn't have sucky joe.
Watching the Superbowl on NBC. Madonna at halftime ! planning on supporting the Giants.
GOOD MORNING PPLZ. Thirsty thursday!!! If u aint thirsty bout yo goals then stay ya ass in the house. Its ppl out here tryin to make it!!
HEALTH NEWS FLASH - NEW REFORM HEALTHCARE PLAN @ YOUTUBE SEARCH FOR HEALTHINSURANCE411 (STOP BREATHING RX) TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW!!
Ready 4 the weekend
Happy Thanksgiving to all our tweeters in #Phoenix! We hope to see u shopping with us on Black Friday! #Paradise Valley Mall
Texting with a friend from my home town in SC that wants to move here. I think we started a trend; lots of our friends left after we did.
Looks like part of The Little Mermaid.
I am going to marry the night...
what's July 13th?
luv me some head and i love a woman that likes to do it....
Acctualy im gonna make a yo mamma joke twitter not a music room.
I CAN'T TAKE YOUR SILLINESS ;)
Thoughts on the new K-1?
Try our Rise & Shine Mix - a scrumptious assortment of our breakfast pastries & coffee cakes including cinnamon rolls & scones!
Your social mask thrives on approval. It wants control, and it is sustained by power, because it lives in fear.
it was great talking to you today about social listening at GU! Looking forward to more conversations.
Just a thought: in the midst of everything going on, is it possible that your reaction says more about you than it says about anyone else?
RACE trailer plus interview on "Ringside Politics" - thank you Jeff Crouere! Show repeats this Sunday night, WLAE 32, Ch 14, 10.00-10.30 pm.
Thankful for another day.
Q1 Be sure those above you are aware of your future goals
people like laurinaitis now
Happy Birthday Jon!
where are you? D;
#YouShouldntEver doubt that I'll always come out on top.
go eat blubber
That was my favorite moment so far
we slept under a pier on the beach with drunk people walking through our campground lol. And doing other things around us...
Rock on that was a lot of fun! RT : Thanks so much for having us on!! We had a blast!
Mike Leach did not play football at the college level. (along with Paul Johnson, David Cutcliffe, George O'Leary, Bobby Hauck, + Chip Kelly)
Oh No: thought of my daughter when I saw this. But I see my Niece re-tweeted! RT Life is better monogrammed.
a real friend ain't finna let no so called dick come between their relationship. then when it comes down to it that I ain fuq him... apology
no bullshit - today i asked a "street dweller" if he could give me advise, & he said verbatim: "don't bump heads with common sense".
I hope everyone has a Great night! My new video out tomorrow!
there's a problem with your site. All I get is Database Error: Unable to connect to the Database: Could not connect to MySQL.
I love those days when you, find money in your pocket
Sunday Wedding today!!!! Did you know we offer a great discount program for having your wedding on a Sunday?
Tryin my best to go to da haven wit and
"Winter Freeze 2011" Saturday, 12/3...It's in the making. Hosted by DJ Dick Hennessy; Prize Giveaways; Beverage Specials; Complimentary Food
Aww shucks! THX! Just did shoot last week on Hollywood Blvd with vintage theme. Can't wait 2 share!
Signed up for Google Offers- now available in Indianapolis. Can it compete with Living Social & Groupon? I will let you know...
"Have you always hunted with your hands? Can you show me what you've done? (...) If you catch it, can you kill it?"
I'm well. Thanks for asking! How are you? Did you get my FB message a while back?
THE ASSISTANT cast cont... LynetteColl, SeanMichaelBoozer
Econmic Development Tour Today for the Beacon Council along with City and County Government Officials. Lunch in Little Haiti. Beautiful Day.
keep up with it then
could you please DM me your p.o. box? I think I've lost it):
Today the #knicks begin their #comeback ! #beattheheat! #dreaming lol
you certainly can not fuck a tree.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
just hanging
thank you for the shout out. Love reading your tweets!
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-39
Not much just chillin with music and friends what about you Bro?
Sounds like I am preaching to myself. LOL
the fact that you took tdf out of your name makes me think that you're leaving tdf PLEASE DONT BE
awww I love you Kim, thanks for the skittles, hugs and kisses
PARTY PARTY!! Our baby boy bass player ANDY is getting MARRIED tonite!!! Tonite he becomes a man, any advice to pass along??? Ha
Took a nap out on the porch
Avengers was
Kickstarter probably isn't appropriate for the Patio, but there are a number of tools out there for social fundraising.
writers block ugh!
that's what we called receptionist at Office Suites Plus in Lexington
Boyd/Mt. Clare street garden volunteer day tmr morning. West Lombard and Mt. Clare street. Come out; help build garden beds.
DM us over a mailing address and we'll get a $25 gift card to you :-)
#Don'tBeScared To Tell Someone How You Feel.
Just can't wait to get out of this country
I thought it was a cute fail :)
Associate Producer hat on. Wow you surprise me God lol!
one more follower c:
Ima ride this bitch till the wheels pop..
I really want to check out Menomale tonight.....
Any prizes for most team name wins in quiz league ? Seems to be the only thing we can win...
Its possible by Serial #s and models, but its not easy at all. Worst part? Chinese/Korean guitars wont be subject to the law.
how 'bout them O's? (that's Bawlmerese for aren't the Orioles doing great?) Hope they are and that you're enjoying the game!
Starving...time for some Baja Fresh. Pretty much anything enchilada style. lol
is TRich speaking with a mouth full of marbles?
Happy Mother’s Day to all of the moms out there. RT if you love your mom!
That's a tough one! Cher comes to mind. It would be neat to try on some of her zanier looks just for fun.
Vegetarians must work harder to get a diet with enough proteins, iron, calcium, zinc and b12
hahaha!! It's cool, I'm just gonna look at you funny when you shit talk Boston now. Haha!!
LOL, yes, you're AWESOME!!! But you're a Steelers fan, so that explains why. :)
Each one... Teach one.
whoops, followed you on the wrong account. This is the real one!
I think my joints are frozen due to running p.t in 38 degrees weather FML
I will be live tweeting for/as all day as 200 women scientists + engineers share their brilliance. Follow along + join in!
I JUST got the checks I'd ordered & all my bills set up too. Alas, my husband is a citizen of the UK, so it's a deal-breaker.
cool!!! country girls rule!!
off to the gym with my best friend:)
Are people still upset with the new Facebook? My Firefox doesn't always like it.
Crawl, Walk, Skip, Run... You choose... Chase your dream
We share an account but he usually uses his card. Same pot of money but I like not having 2 always carry my heavy purse LOL
Well done
spent all day yesterday watching Amir Khan sparring at the famous Freddy Roach boxing training gym. Never really apreciated boxing til now
Gorgeous morning here in ATX! Temps in the 70s and crews are arriving for the races!
Site outage today, #gwu readers. Hopefully can work some magic and get our site up and running again soon.
Social Media Day sponsorships are still available - please contact Deana @ gtxmarketingllc . com for details
is too cute ;)<3
look it up on youtube. (:
Listening now!
About to cook I need to eat for I pass out
what caused the bleeding?
It sucks when players get switched around. What do you do with your purchased jerseys?!?
Dave, does Radian6 have copies of your book for use?
My Phones retarded er 🔥😡
It sucks when you sleep from noon to 9 pm...
I think I just saw a copy of your replies. You don't know me. I can promise that.
Taste the tradition one cookie at a time..
looking forward to it!
This lady at work just asked me to sing for her. Sing some
Chris Paul just made the least Clipper shot ever.
um. or you can simply get the #unfollow HOE. I mean yeah that's what twitter's for. but damn HOE, you have NO LIFE.
Mommas don't let your babies grow up to cowboys... or rapists.
stud at disposal = Beach = Hamptons. Music = me singing. The pieces r in place all u have to do is organize it!
good morning :)
I am thoroughly enjoying christmas music this year...
“: I wish I played for a team called WAHOO #jealoustweet” or drinking a WAHOO.
Is it still "Hump Day" if it's only a 4-day workweek?
up working...
On my way home from todays' Racial Disparities conference in Albany. More later...
Props to for their easy online booking system. It convinced me to squeeze in a haircut today!
No matter how I fight the urge I really feel I am going to end up in law school within the next 10 years.
just did!
What the hell goin on twitter?????????
I Owe You One!
New overlapping definitions of media co's to include #Craigslist #eBay All those creating & publishing content
heck yes! I feel like everyone I talk to lately is... Something must be in the air.
a stupid used-to-be friend is ruining school for me. i can't even see my bff without her interrupting.
Happy warm #FF Love the venue!
Your crew is insane!! Such talent and guts you have to do what you do. Can't wait for #NitroCircusLive 2morrow !
we should start a rochester safari.
you rock on Kickin It your my favorite character!! Please follow me it would make my day!!:)
“There’s such an epidemic of obesity in the United States, and for some reason, everybody focuses on anorexia.” -Anna Wintour
Good Morning!!
I would expect delays... Everyone was evacuated and things were canceled. It wasn't terrible. Everyone is really freaked out.
great scene by all!
YOU NEED TO CALL ME LIKE NOW!!!!!!!!
I've got an hour to kill unexpectedly and don't want to go back home. What do people do at 8:30 AM?
so pleased went to see "Detroit" Jealous you managed to see my friend Austin Pendleton in the bar afterwards.
Much respect
Damnet got hacked so I keep getting DM's while I'm trying to jerk it to this chicks Avi...totally annoying.
why did I have to fly out of town this weekend. Darn! Happy super super early bday I guess. Haha
I was going to ask Brad but I can't remember his handle. How are the Hinckley Inst. doing with Salesforce?
Wendy Chun's discussions at #c21nonhuman of ideology, reception and representation in terms of social media. Were you at RU?
It's official, Lex Fenwick from Bloomberg is our new CEO. Welcome aboard!!
Q7 This is like a Dating Game question.
Now THERE is a man with taste! RT : Potential suitor wants to meet tomo at #shenanigans. would approve!
#ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo let you do crunches and situps because they'll make your pooch & your #diastasis worse!
sweet could use some now lol
Front row seats!
Real Estate's Tiny Desk Concert providing a great soundtrack for my morning commute, perfect blue skies with some perfect psych-pop
That awkward moment when you call someone they answer then hung up then you call again they ignore you
Obama caught on hot mike at nuke conference. Details soon.
www.facebook.com/Exploracise Like Us & win a DVD!
Meh & about to kill this kid for pushing us ...#bitchgonnadie ):/
sweet braided belt bro
Hah,, I love that you included the accents. And that my phone auto-included them too.
Well, I meant when I drove to work.
90 minutes of #exercise per week should be good enough and always have chill out days
yeah you're a little far. Haha
Went to Riverbend tonight, waited a million hours...got stormed on...left because we heard she wasnt playing...right when we left, she began
yes tell him to come too I miss yall
The last place said, "I dont think our chef can do that, but he'll give it a try".
Now using the simulator to plan my financial course of action for 2012.
Gene simmons is behind me at starbucks. What an asshole.
Why am I always eating meals at the most inopportune times while watching movies? I'm looking at you, "Breaking Dawn, Part 1" birth scene.
": Perfect day to smoke in tennis" my wrist is feeling a little better......soo maybe ill humiliate u around 4.
Swedish minister of culture? still in the middle ages? i wonder when some europeans gonna become civilized people?
yeah the the android are awesome. My sis has the android razor. Pretty amazing. But I love my iPhone 4S lol.
“: He's back! Check out my good friend 's show #BeyondBelief on #OWN. 10pm EST. #qualityTV”
Why does your profile picture remind me of James Maslow ( from BTR ) Lol.
Sample sales are the death of me. Who can say no to Cynthia Rowley and Halston dresses at 70% off? (Answer: Not me.)
Choir's 13th Annual Spring Concert Sat- May 5th @ Sweet Holy Spirit -7pm. RT 2win a copy of our DVD
We're excited to engage with Affiliates and allies at #NCLRAdv12! Join us for the education session at 2:40 in room 6 upstairs.
Got the ingredients for my master cleanse. Was kinda disturbed that all the grocery tellers at whole foods knew exactly what I was up to.
NFL players are true gentleman at the club. NBA Players are the drunkin fratboy ASSHOLES and the MLB players are cheap smelly mexians.
Holy hell, , 50 pages for The Games Games Bowl? You've really outdone yourself.
Chow break
truth. I also
What's up tweeps!
We hope you enjoyed your stop here on your “natural history road trip.”
if its meant to be I will.Thanks again.Hope to share more soon.
back from "vacation!"
Your dream is accurate lol JK
Great meeting you, Dave eer.. Dan! Keep making great email! And I'll try to get out to see Jon's band out east sometime!
Luis sorry to hear you had a bad donut experience. Can you follow us so we can follow up w/ you.
*regardless. irregardless is a double negative
S.C.H.O.O.L. -Seven crappy hours of our life. C.L.A.S.S. -Come late and start sleeping. F.I.N.A.L.S. - fuck i never actually learned shit.
not so!
Hey. Thanks. I favored it, I'll check it out later tmw. :P
In times like these we can stay paralyzed, overwhelmed and oblivious or we can practice presence, gratitude and love.
Eleven are killed and more than 160 wounded in Cairo protests against army rule - Daily Mail
Wagon Mound boys basketball just won the state title! That's the team I played on high school. So proud!
I pray that #someday will follow me<3 :)
yes. its call the Brandon Crew-neck. its an American Apparal shirt that I drew a big B in Sharpie. its only 89.95.
#17 :) We have never talked but I've watched some of your videos and your a great musician! :D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! Hope you have a GRAND and ICONic day!!! 🎉
You will rock! Wish I could be there!
BOOTY TWEET!
don't knock the short porch. It's lefty heaven.
yes, I've been printing duplex for all the articles.
Austin is not following me o well he still is following my other account :)
NEW Jack’s Pizza Comet II – the largest portable steel roller coaster in the US at 60 ft high, 1800 ft of track & 4 HUGE drops
come to think about it, i was always that dude in the classes w/ no attractive chicks.
your just jealous bitchezzz
600th tweet goes to, of course, us. and !
Reasonable for a 4 diamond boutique hotel in Back Bay. RT you know the way to this girls heart! What are your prices like?
lmao lmao.... Lets see lets practice
so true!
I never smoke weed again
And also, I somehow lost my ability to keep write in just one tense at a time. Good thing I don't have to shelf-read for another year.
So great to visit with this evening :)
Bar Louie for Margaritas
congrats. super!
Hey Borbs. How goes it? Been a long time.
It's your last chance to see Monsters! Tonight until Saturday! Get your tix now!! @
what's your number
The #Marlins need to throw money at someone quick so people start talking about them again.
"I heard girls like to have sex to John Mayer so there is that..." - when we drinking again?
Us too!
Don't forget: Healthy Living Expo-June 25th! Free food, kid's activities, demos, presentations and a silent auction! Benefits Gilda's Club!
bitch please you've seen the zumba ass shake
Chi closed 50% of community mental health centers. Destruction and privatization of public assets isn't news.
hahaha... i really love the way you r random
here we go...
All of our food that you LOVE to LOVE is made ALL NATURAL and from SCRATCH without any unnecessary processes!!!
Amen, sister!
Twinkle twinkle little whore. Close your legs your not a door.
It is an absolute fact!!
REMINDER: Optional drafts for feedback for R&D Program due no later than April 12 (May 19 deadline).
Get Austin Mahone Verified tweet me it and ill RT it!!!!
You can now find Envy Protege Designs on FaceBook <3
i hope you're having a great day! Please make my day better and follow me?:)
Im sorry! Im still learning whats ok to post on twitter and what isn't.. :P
Having fun with TLC this week, hunting for library treasure. You can check them out on Facebook at TLC LMU
Another epic #couchbycouchwest night for me. Really my favorite spring festival in Austin.
At least it didn't drag on for years. My fiance from many years ago dumped me, then wanted to stay friends. Yeah...no...
Jan 12th fruit butters & tea. Simply the best. Tasty & healthy. Local. MUST RSVP . Lmtd seating. 6:30pm
Oh my! Don't you loathe that! “: #YouKnowYoureARunnerWhen you get ticked off by people who think or say you're 'jogging'.”
Wish I could switch off my sentimental responses. Choked up reading abt elephants moved from solo zoo-pens to reserves w other elephants.
Yoyos clearly have a greater and more violent following than I knew.
Hi Monday. I'm excited about you in a way I haven't been for a long time. Nice to start the week this way...
I would like that. I'll search it out and see if I can make that happen. :)
are you as excited about as I am?
uh oh sounds good
of course
I'm thinking of taking saxaphone lessons.
o oh ok my bad lol. I know the release over here will be hell as well.
I have a qiestion i Dmed it to you
I don't even know! I'm torn between Pontiak and Screaming Females on Wednesday. Jared (our COO) is excited for K-Flay.
Reggae music will take over Miramar, FL on Feb 19th from 12pm - 10pm at Miramar Regional Park! Yellowman, Marcia Griffiths, Freddie and more
If you're a TACO this weekend for Halloween...tweet us a picture and get an extra 11% off of your meal on our 30th. Anniversary, 11.1.11!!!
This weekend somehow feels more necessary than most.
followback is a Sexy account related to Porn :*
Now that Courtney and Ben are Happily Ever After, because she was misunderstood, I can sleep better. cause I was really concerned...
Nigga please!! that song is amazing!
Marco Estrada is like a nice serviceable skank but nothing you want to bring home to Mom. Cant expect much.
Working on one of my papers for the rest of the night. Goodnight Twitter!
Directing is stressful.
no such thing as a nice futon.
So if I have sex with a tree, is there any chance that will help me get over this awful case of cedar fever?
Eli went to Disney world I going to San Juan
Student cribbage tournament tomorrow at 8 in the Hagen Center! Donations for the Portland Rescue Mission serve as "buy in."
You are appreciated.
Holy crap Ellington is fast as hell!
We were expecting a convention of librarians to be much less noisy! #pla12 #pleasantsurprise Come say "hi" at the photo scan booth
So whats up with the sluts in this place somone tell me and then get me a drink :p
please follow me! #ProudToBeAMahomie =D
Hunger games. 2nd time watching it. 10:50. may the odds be in your favor.
Welcome divorce, support and custody attorney to the twitter world!
The last bottle of Black Metal. I love it.
GAB board votes to accept signatures on Senator Fitzgerald saying there will be a recall election.
What jobs will our kids apply for? Our youth should not be limited to today's job offerings kids will create their own jobs.
Local buzz on bike share & Highline Park demonstrates NY influence on local (SJ) cityscaping.
Working on a new screenplay idea. Dialog can be very poetic if you embrace sound as much as visuals.
AZ baseball championship being forfeited b/c girl plays on opposing team is awful. But, is this really why ppl will get fired up abt AZ?
Thank you!
i miss you.
So who else is looking to hit the reset button and start today over ?
Exactly! So not only will I die early, I'll die smelling atrocious. Not the way I wanted to go out! :D
but of course... will that song be running the entire weekend? thought there would at least be a playlist of annoying songs.
max we love you
"You Oughta Be in Pictures" was the presentation; presenter should have links/handout up soon, I think?
Gotta love the traditional "Theater Mondays"! One small step for Theater Connects, one giant leap for the international arts industry!
What is your best masterpiece? Share it with us for Talented Thursdays!
Place your hand over your heart. Feel that? That's called purpose. You're alive for a reason. Don't forget it.
OKC right now... Wow! Beasty ass plays
Thanks Carolyn! Great seeing you too. Hope to run into you Krogering again soon!
Fair point! The direction is +/% jump is high BUT 18/500 is not nearly good enough!
We hear you're doing some cool programs in conjunction with the "NASA | ART" opening! From hands-on science to star gazing :-)
Love this. Morning Ms.Elaine! Happy Valentine's Day to you & Chris!
i love you<3 i would be the happiest person ever if you tweet me back<3nothing will make me happier
18u what's the schedule like and fees
If only you knew. . .
Do you know of one, or are you looking for one? Because I'm actually looking for one, hahaha
These Hyundai commercials should properly address popular culture... implementing depressing color tones, vampires, and straight leg jeans
♫ If tomorrow is Judgment Day and I'm standing on the front line and the Lord asks me what I did with my life, I will say...♫
Why do I have class today? Nobody else does...
that's motivation!
I yelled "THEY'RE GAY" at some directionator today. It was fun.
that shit is just horrible
for a week.
Welcome new followers! We are 8090. No fake label. No fake CEO's. We just make awesome jams. DL our album #AMP and feel the love.
There ya go Tebow, keep doing your thing!
DO IT.
If loving the is wrong, I don't wanna be right. Now serving lunch in Rice Park.
Can someone tell me why boys are sensitive and take everything up the butt? -____-
Really excited to check out Stanford University's new campus in NYC
- I Love My Dick Eat ;)
Last day of vacay & instead of laying on the beach I'm on hold w since they decided to seat my husband, 2-year-old & I separately.
Dining at Seasonal, an Austrian & German cuisine fine dining restaurant on 58th street in Manhattan. Checking out the 7 course tasting menu.
must still have her old handle on foursquare
ttp://priscillagilman.com/2012/04/q-a-with-todd-drezner-director-of-the-autism-documentary-loving-lampposts-and-father-of-sam/
If Donald's scores aren't all 10s this go around can McCarthy throw the challenge flag?
": exactly"you missed your calling...you need to be a relationship coach!
I can't believe I haven't put you to sleep yet...I also can' t believe I'm flirting with a woman who doesn' t drink much!
awesome, lets do it!
Imma need to go get me some Reese's pieces
Dang just when I go to tweet stops RT :|
Congrats to all my fellow #GCU graduates, great ceremony yesterday!
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Chernobyl Barbie ...glows in the dark
2am in Philly -- does MLB really think having a playoff game at this hour is good for the health of the game
Good mornig everyone! one ride ends and new is about to start! woot woot
this game is reggy as hell lol. Mostly for fun. Idk what I'm doing for summer but if it's Vegas I'm def down for some goofygames
I love seeing the shocked faces after Shawn solves a case!
Workin With !!! Come see us!!
ah its International Straight Edge Day, the opposite of 4/20 I'm hoping to get Edge gloves by then or a shirt
Rebel America Inc. lands music license deal for "CBS Sports" today. A very good start to another music working week.
#Brewers not on TV. Good way to ruin a day.
That akward moment when drops her purse walking to the bus.....
hey, your join link is broken on the website! and so is the donate button!
Watching a show with a cold case from 20-years-ago. Why is it hard to wrap my head around that that's 1990 and not in the 70s?
I'm about to go for the IV of coffee or tea at this point. :)
Bumping BIG K.R.I.T.and Kendrick Lamar....mellow out my thoughts and mood for the day
tomorrow or next week?
The best equipping is God's living presence, His hand which will never lets go of yours.
in the presence of the only known print of Robert Frank's C*cksucker Blues, barred from exhibition since the Sixties
Looks like we have all three options!RT : hdmi, component, or composite?
I know recruiting violations. But , I wish you nothing but the best on your birthday and all the success
there will be this weekend. Lots of protesters here already.
I didn't play soccer, yet I'm sweating.
Twas amazing. I was a police officer, hence your random sighting of me pulling out cuffs lol
Today must be christmas - is on the twitter machine!
#MyPastRelationships have sucked.. So I'm going to be single for a while :P
#mydog mixtape n motion need feature from musa and need u2 host
The county of Iceland is recovering nicely from their economic downturn because they were willing to let their banks fail.
And Beauty is her name... #Goddess - XavierLT.com
Bambi--the hunter killed Bambi's mother--just brutal for a 5 yr. old. Thought I was going there to see a happy rabbit, et al.:)
a really lonely production team
I wouldn't mind a summer romance. 
And u can use instead of grape leaves 2 make dolmades! Delicious! How to prepare squash blossoms: stuff em and fry em!
dang. Can't wait to watch.
Lemme put my birth certificate up before I hit my aunty with the "I coulda sworn" lol I always say dat when I lose shit
YES!!! More pics:)
Talk the talk but can't walk the walk.
New info on the Licking Co triple shooting...coming up at 11
You won when you woke up. Think about it.
Never received it.
#ANightinHollywoodLive is only 40 days and 40 nights away. Official theme song coming soon!!
There is no such thing as no way out. Just ways you haven't seen yet. There is always a solution
to early cant wait for school to be over # tired
Big THANKS to City National Bank of NJ (900 Broad Street) for its support!!!
Thanks for replying! Looks like a great site. :) I do think folks will be more likely to explore if they can get a peek!
Really?!?! RT : The average company saves over $7,000 for each employee suggestion that is enacted!
HAPPY NEW YEARS from MIX!
I couldn't feel so I tried to touch.
Detroit's where the murder is at.
N need of a vacation...guess I start plannin to go to Disney world
Yup. Spotted: Robert Plant at the Austin airport
TY for sharing ur #vegetarianproblems. While it didn't occur at our business, we'll be mindful when we prepare our food
that's because the red line has been stuck at Belmont for 10+ minutes. I have your seat.
Nice! How do I get that designation?
I'm just waiting for that one tweet that says some real interesting, it has a link to a picture and then it's like YOU JUST GOT RICK ROLLED.
so jealous now!! Haha! How long are you staying? For the whole thing?! That would be sick!
All of you make me look really underdressed in this picture. Nice to meet you indi
ha ha how many hours do you have
What a happy day it is out there.
no I don't. I would just unfollow you back. Duh
what position you play
happy birthday.i cant wait either
wish you were here :) thanks
Yeeeesssssssss!!!!! Way to go rookie. Let's go
Enjoying the comments of at #FutureEnergy tonight!
Passport Mixer today at Roka Akor, 5:30-7:30, open to everyone today so bring a friend and get your networking on, cheers!
WTF #Fox and #NFL, why'd you rip us out of the end of the Tebow game?
#buffalo zoo today! Visit your local zoological park!
Do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewal of your mind... – Rom 12:2
Thanks! Will be a huge topic for all -- sooner or later we'll see a Mozilla-like indy ID entity. Or maybe Mozilla itself. ;)
