NOT LIKE THAAAAAAATTTTT!!!!! But still :-)
NO SHIT! Stop asking me to check out pages!!
I get butterflies every time I see you with her,
yes ahaha cuz i remember ur trying to prevent bullying n so am i :) n i replied to ur last dm that i am 11
Congrats on passing mixology exam!
hate of LGBT people is homophobia. How sad that you have to hate a whole group of people. Hate is a disgusting thing.
....Well at least now I know what NOT to try w the red Kool Aid stained dress shirt. Thanks
The #Community episode in the Law and Order format, amazing!
What are health insurance co-ops? Scripps CEO Chris Van Gorder spoke to San Diego's Fox 5 about it today. Tune it at 10 p.m.
If Rev. Wright is fair game so is Joseph Smith & Brigham Young, I've been waiting all year for this.
Getting everything ready for my masterpiece turkey :) it's gonna be good!!
Everything looks so beautiful, covered in snow.
You always took the time to get to know the companies you reported on. Thx for covering GoTime from inception to exit!
Phone lines are now open. Be the first tonight to call in to 317-736-0950 and share your thoughts about the last week.
Palo Alto HS girls lacross team...Sorry for your loss <\3 awesome team contribution to writing #8 on yourself before playing St.Francis HS
I'm regretting friend requesting my REI crush- he likes Nickleback.
#nhlskills can we get JR to shut up? I don't care about how it was when he did it. Its not about JR!!!
well that sucked.
Someone got call me maybe stuck in my head :P
Steve Ramsay about to speak on "textual behavior in the human male"
Yeah, the 3hr time difference SUCKS!!!!
Playing with my new toy!
It's 5 o'clock in the morning, this paper got really boring...
Very cool - crossing the streams - showing content from both Devils and announce teams.
OH: "I thought for sure 's job at was to model his hair for logo updates."
That rehearsal was so terrible... I don't think that man was a real conductor. “: trebles”
why do I have an urge to go to a speakeasy and flirt with some flapper girls after watching this Broncos game on the picture box?
Time changes everything
RT : Platinum Equity has signed a definitive agreement to sell The Union-Tribune to MLIM, LLC, owned by Doug Manchester....
As a member of the white community I can assure you there is no white racist code language.
Thanks Tina. Happy Summer.
several photos of orbs in my house around my son. im scared to sleep with the light off. i can draw u a pid or the person thats
me too! “: I wanted an "I Support Georgetown University" sticker. Are they any more? #GUCampusPlan”
#20ThingsAboutMe 9. I was born & raised in Oklahoma!!
I'll make sure to keep you in mind next time it goes down 
wasup wit it
Woo Hoo poster giveaway!
Blown away by the fast response & quick resolution rcvd by T4 Resolved in <16mns!! IMPRESSIVE CUSTOMER SUPPORT!
Falling asleep in geology --___--
how about we trade for someone who can put a ball in play instead of pitcher
Phelps in the rotation sometime this year , he is THAT good !!! GO YANKS !!!!
I once watched the sun rise over the Pacific. Not as exciting as the sunsets.
As a Pennsylvania taxpayer I'm now paying for the State liquor monopoly to pay for their adds defending their monopoly.
With confidence, the world opens up to u
It is our honor to formally welcome John Perry Barlow and Gerry Percy to the Hypothesis Board of Directors. cc/
Happy Birthday I can't believe your 18!!! Well hope you enjoy your birthday!!! :)
We did! It was a great turnout & we met lots of nice people!We love HotelABQ as a venue & we were proud to support this event!
I'd rather be hated for standing up for an unpopular idea than loved for joining the majority. Death before I blindly follow.
Yay! Dr Who season 6 is on instant Netflix! Yay!
You are so easy to please...one of your many lovely qualities. Big hug!
I want my bed.
No #OscarUpset. The Iron Lady – Mark Coulier and J. Roy Helland. But really... Only one person really in much makeup...
i used to rule the world
#normal and yet
College Football Predictions: Night game Stanford @ USC; Stanford -8 and the over +62
I certainly have been. I think of how much time/effort (too much) I put into my teaching and am flabbergasted.
Happy Valentine's Day! No better place than Chi-Cha to cheers your main squeeze
Oscars, Oscars, Oscars!!!! Someday I hope to have a nomination too!!!!!!
that must be awkward.....
u gonna make him the next you know who? #UAVSwag lmao xD
Baby will you be my egg scrambler?
Christmas and St. Paddy's Day are the busy season for midgets.
Join me tonight 4/27 – Friday 4/29 7:30 PM nightly at: Isle of Patmos Baptist Church with Pastor Calvin L. Matthews.
;) ill find u someone lol #larissa ;)
we love Kuro Crow!
Why do I have a sinking feeling that the Steelers season is pretty much over before it's begun... So many injuries.
yes, i am fine. a little carbon monoxide poisoning. the hard part is grading after a long day. hope your semester ends well
thanks Rudy! Miss u tons!! Can't wait to see u next week and hear stories about ur week in sc :)
The best love relationship is that you can thoroughly be who you are that your partner still indulge in.
Bout to be the only senior at school tomorrow
I found ! He's in Orlando talking #SeaWorldSanAntonio's Aquatica opening in 2012!
I can't wait till I make something of myself.
"You just don't realize. Being a cheerleader, being on the team, it doesn't guarantee anything. Anybody can take a turn for the worse."
Do you selebrate Christmas today?
I really wish would come to western PA.
lol have a good day señor!
Nailing down set times for the show. Can't wait for this thing to go down.
Really enjoyed my self at the christmas party wit my fam:)
Applaud for supporting #veterans with #FastballFlakes cereal Proceeds go to &
Mothers Day isent fun when there's family drama! Not cool! I feel bad
what's up? how are u :)
Sometimes God asks us what do we want him to do for us but we limit his power. We have fo be like this guy on Mark 10:51! He had faith!
She's absolutely beautiful...and SO alert! Congrats...savor each moment - time flies by quickly.
Buffalo rocks...cold as f**k but rocks!
I'm right here hun 😘
Thanks! We just read your comment on this week's episode.
so gives up to easily in wordswithfriends.
Obama's new position doesn't commit to idea that gays have inalienable right to marry, so State could vote against. Dumb
omg it's awesome!!! Do you like it?
Follow me, please? I miss seeing you on the talk!
Psalm 106, awesome. Happy Thanksgiving
I hate not studying something because i don't think it'll be on the exam only to find out its on the exam
We are beginning the meeting of the Strategic Planning and Budget Committee here at Central Services with a presentation on Fy13 proposal.
Paypal is a blight on intelligent civilization. Worst user experience ever.
Oh now I get it! I'm following over 2,000 peeps! I can't follow anyone unless they follow me!
u got that :) ur welcome
like when hell freezes over maybe bahahahaha
Carlos Rodon: great pitcher, or the greatest pitcher?
Churchill downs thursday, maybe?
hey bella i think your an amainq dancer :)
LE SIGH
just wait till you get to san Antonio or Houston lol Dallas is nothing
Never knew it would hurt so much.
heck yeah!!
*That's how you assemble!* ha!
Picture time!! Doing a shoot with one of absolute favorites!
#BDSIsrael is mysteriously no longer trending, what a shock.
I don’t even like to read that much, but these “emotobooks” really fit me perfect. Someone at work told me they like the sci-fi one.
shopping always helps calm the soul...and clean the wallet. ^^
hmm the two of those don't seem to go together! But productive is always good!
Turnover again and again.... hate the way the #hawks are playin but Ivan the "Destroyer" is gettin it in... he needs more minutes.
Damn right POLAR BEAR...made myself laugh with that one!
And the winner of a day in an Escape is: ! Thx for sharing your fave escape desination, Newport, OR. Enjoy your free #Ziptrip!
Ready to kick off the weekend with a juicy burger from Kopps. Too cold for golf.
might happen. They have 2 brands, Duck Commander and Buck Commander.
rep it hard kid dont let get it twisted
Happy Wednesday! Glam Up Tonight with Free Make - Up at Be Belle from 5-7pm!!!
ah, summer!
i follow them, they do.
don't think so. I've written some pretty fabulous things on my mirror.
I think so. MLB had to suspend him; they can't allow that to go unpunished
Havn't been on in a while...
Is that a make or break for me, no, does it add to the pro/con list, yes.
did ya get them?
RT : "Light bulbs die my sweet, I will depart."
just got an email from saying he works for you. it seemed like spam. is he legit? something in his email didn't add up
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard.
trying to condense years worth of work into a handful of pages and slides is proving to be an arduous and frustrating task.
Jill Scott - good morning heartache
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!13
Its been a boring day.
you home ?
I have now changed my outfit twice in one hour as a result of having to be outside in this redonk #nola rain
#peopleiveseenlive is a much longer list than
Ay!Chihuahua Roll!! Spicy tuna roll w/guacamole, sriracha and jalapeno. New Fuse rolls to stop your hunger and make you laugh!
A fella could do worse, than challege you in verse. I'll take a raincheck, Captain. Enjoy some of this beautiful day.
you can cook for me titi
I have paramore up full blast ;D
When sophomores try to be louder than the juniors & seniors
Playing in the snow on the promenade before bed
i kan only trust u wen i learn to trust myself wit u !!!
Cardinals were winners tonight after Pack of course LOL
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 41
... Why do you always get so upset when someone bashes the Lakers? They your 2nd favorite team bro?
lets get this iPad event going! ready to here about whether to launch as an app as a "+" type or a fully seperated iPad app
Oh most definitely! I <3 that film... just didn't realize he directed it.
I think so. The film definitely takes you into that world and all the way to North Dakota.
Sustaining: it sustains life, love, happiness, comfort, bonding & health.
"Social Saturday"- time to catch up with friends and family!
idk, im about to eat and do some packing, just depends what i get done
I finally changed the pw. hope that fixes it. didn't realize how bad it was.
Kinda glad you bitches flaked out on plans. Now I don't have to pretend to be in a good mood all day.
check my YouTube ..Young Ju "cross my heart" and "just begun" and let me know what u think
Is this you? "We don't know where we're going, but we're making really good time!"
Haters are kind of like stalkers. .they obviously think about you all the time, talk about you all the time, and know a lot about you.
Putting the fun in dysfunctional today...
Much better, thank you for checking! :)
Hey look Carmello decided to show up today
Sounds like a plan.
Does anybody know what song will dance to this week for Katy Perry?
now see who will follow me.
I agree i hate when people that yhu when it is you and lyk when it is like hint hint ;)
The convo and I are having >> haha
Happy National Coffee Day!
I'm a chef, I don't cook for free, unless I want to
you have such a beautiful soul x
either time is going really slow or i dont know whats going on
I was tempted to not even get out of bed today.
Tune in now - Rangers Post Game show!
I'm shocked - shocked! - to find that some residents of a Southern state are bigots.
Its like I checked into rehab and baby your my disease
RT : Working on a Photo Challenge, & looking into the "Week in the Life" Project...plus spending some time drawing!
Goodnight guyz!!! Conditioning starts next week for dance. (also on my birthday!!!) :D
I'm trying to construct another self-descriptive alliteration, you see. Furi0us fagg0t, heretical homo, iconoclastic _________.
I believe it's you we should be thanking!
I have seen, but will retweet. Never enough dino drawings on the internet...
Looking at Touch Me Tease Me by Case and Foxy Brown. Her verse made me realized that she and Kim turned hip hop heads into label whores. SMH
alright you and need to get the whole RBMG crew together for a big song.
If it takes a lot of words to say what you have in mind, give it more thought. ~Dennis Roth
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be. —George Sheehan
#SometimesYouHaveTo do things you don't want to do...
did her thizzle in jersey last week. Let em know girl :)
Welcome new summer freshmen! We hope you had a good first day of classes. And by good, we mean lulled into a false sense of security.
HAHAHA I JUST DIED. THAT MADE MY LIFE. LMFAO.
Anyone else sick of the cold yet?
hope you're enjoying madison, some of the flyest cave age cheese fo sheez round these parts. Pumped for the show tonight
baabeee ! you almost have 40k !!! :D
I want your recipe.
Why do you want to impress others? Lack of self-sufficiency.
Let's have really high taxes for the non-job creators and no taxes for the job creators. Thus Pelosi pays 90%, and entrepreneurs pay zero.
Spending quality time w/ the Debster. She just said, "Oh, I've wanted to see this 'Tacos for Elephants' movie for a long time!
Interesting... how?
Thank you for your service and for being a shining example of how to live your life after difficult circumstances!
have a great night today :) enjoy it!
happy late birthday moma hope its a good one
Thanks for the invite. Just ate though.
This is what I like to hear. RT : USA !! Tour News to follow soon ..
Don’t get my personality and my attitude twisted, because my personality is me, and my attitude depends on you.
Thanks for the RT! Looks like your project is going well. Keep it up!
fuk em! Keep the tweets coming!
did you get your new Mac?
Just a friendly hello from the staff at Judkins Carpet
you NEED to come to england to do a concert with a meet and greet my life would be COMPLETE if i met and saw you in concert<3
Wishes it was warm out, randomly in the mood for Mini Golf and a backyard BBQ. I think I'm losing it lol
i freakin' LOVE my followers:)
We love hurting people!
I so heart Just thought i'd mention it. :D He is just dreamy.
yes, on my phone, I zip people, but I'm looking online right now, so I see it all. :)
Got that Gambino jumping out the gym
Thanks for the follow Wendy - loves ya! :-)
For the musicians here in Okc: how do you advertise? And how do you quantify how well a certain campaign works?
My flight attendant was being verbally abused by an a-hole passenger during takeoff. I jumped in to help her shut him up.
I just mentioned him in like evry tweet since I made this account
When people ask dumb questions I'm obligated to give sarcastic answers.
AWESOME!!!!I was on an identical treadmill earlier in my hotel..had a great workout...thought about taking a pic..wish I woulda.
- She's crying now, you realize.
now I HAVE to visit :P
"Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak." -- yup, we all know some like that...
Thought there was a pleasant old drunk singing in my alley (if you know what I mean), turns out it's the alarm upstairs playing Johnny Cash.
Thank you for listing us!
If he were still alive, Adolf Hitler would be celebrating his 123rd birthday today and would also make him the oldest asshole in the world.
I totally understand if you give me the silent treatment. What I did was mean and uncalled for...but you weren't supposed to see it! Ugh ...
How did you swing that?
Very true. How's everything else going? How are Tony and Joe?
#trayvonmartin 's mother says her faith in God has seen her through.
TRUE...appreciated and respect your stance yesterday on !
that cat almost really died lol
dope beat but if it's a beat meant for you. i donno about letting the others preview the beat before your track.
#dontyoujusthateit wen d people u use 2 b cool with last year just walk past u this year without sayin hi or wassup
this just made me throw up
I think it was about a photo gallery I'd posted from a while ago - like two weeks. I post a lot! benjaminchertoff.com
Get your tix for Warped Tour Music Showcase this Friday @ the Marquis Theater in Denver! Tweet me for deets!
what/who should i listen to on spotify?
Happy Birthday to Wilbur Wright, who was born on this day in 1867 in Millville, Indiana.
well how much t book yu bruh
That nap >>
text me
Is #OWS a trailing indicator? Is the Vampire Squid just flexing its tendrils? A stranger than strange coincidence if it is that.
Why did she delete instagram?
2 zoning cases being followed. 1. South Congress cafe. Deck or not. 2. D/T proposed hotel. Stakes high.
Go play your video games.....
lol, it can't virgin remi, remi is processed hair. Virgin is in processed ima sell virgin, and I'm going to let you know!
nope he never answered our calls
I'm so tired and sore 😞
#Reign nightclub tonight !!!
Hahaha My trolling account got blocked by her because I commented saying " go play with your herpes sore" xD hahaha
So confused on what to do...
Thanks a million to ReverbNation you guys are fantastic! from; Paul Borges,Street Money.
damn it
Thanks Knew you'd have the answer. Forgot FOX moved their games to prime time.
Running into an old LiveJournal follower at this library conference has made the world as small as can be. #fuckingweird (cc )
you just made me so jealous, next paycheck im going all in and paying the 114 to mail 4 larges to me
Dude, apples and oranges!! RT : British Torchwood >>> American Torchwood :)
Following back
Dear Samuel Adler, Thank you for making my life much easier. Love, Steve
Well #ISpyThursday It's raining dogs umbrella yeah
aw, thanks!
Hey, why can't the Oregon band have better uniforms? Come on Nike, give them some help! Keep up with the football team's style.
Oh, you kid! 23 skidoo! Chicken inspector! ~ Bugs Bunny
I can understand why fans are not satisfied. Do you think the players are?
+1 RT : So great to see and have drinks with awesome Web journos! Yay for
Thanks so much Mike!
YES! I Love MAC's Studio Fix Powder Foundation and Studio Tech. The Tech photographs the best. My skin is oily :)
The question is, can you handle me?
Must be that is off his meds again. Can't dance, diminished WR skills, & certainly can't hang in Octagon
But everytime I hear a story like this it makes me more and more glad of the choices I've made
Planning on it!
Sit your clown ass down some where
got ac s I hope
Hi! Sorry for the delay in getting back to you. Are you going to the #ASOTO happy hour on Thursday? Hope to meet you then.
Test from phone 2.
Join us tonight for Industry Tuesdays and call out tomorrow. =)
I'll be helping out with the Iowa and Seattle StartupWeekends, so feel free to ping me too /cc
an early #ff to , which I just learned about / am crazy impressed with
Your provision is hidden until you act on the vision that has been given - Daughter With Destiny
Home sweet home. And now bac out.
Top wireless stories of the week Check out this week's most-viewed stories across Fierce's wireless publications: FierceBroadbandWireless
Scream you will feel better
ALL CLEAR FOR FISH SAMPLES - Fish Update
I think I got all pretty for nothing
Exactly. Your tweets should not read like Prince song titles.
love sitting outside on a warm sunny day with a little breeze.
child development partner (:
Hard to square legislating kids that don't want to be in school graduating with vibrant ed. ecosystem for those that want to be
Good Day loves!
great seeing you last night! I especially loved the costume and special dance, Carly💃
Very interesting. I only have an N=2 but so far seems to respond similarly to other achilles tendinopathies.
Make sure that you are drinking plenty of water to stay hydrated as you are out with your families with this gorgeous weather!
Man dude, I really hope ms Dorn chills out, she doesn't realize what finals are lol
Any word on what happened with Andino at end?
Beautiful pass of the ISS over a Full Moon
Tavern Trivia League through Week 7 Overall Standings. Tonight is the Final Week of the regular season! Top 3 Teams and a few Wild Cards...
I don't understand how I have followers when I'm never on. Legit \m/
I am really enjoying Justice League International.
Good morning, ''Arise, shine, for your light has come, and the glory of the LORD rises upon you'' Isaiah 60:1
Wondering why sookie let him bite her.
StonerCouture is looking for cool people to rep our line. email me for more info at: . Peace.
#Divatweet :b RT : When running late, just slap on some red lips, eye liner and mascara. Done!
Thank you, Faith! What an honor.....still can't believe it.
yea go ahead :)
Natural hair Black history Question----What is the name of the person that currently holds the Guiness record for the worlds LARGEST Afro?
As long as the payoffs stay this good, it works for me! Will likely start season three in a couple of weeks.
I will praise thee; for I am fearfully and wonderfully made: marvellous are thy works; and that my soul knoweth right well.―Psalm 139:14
Windthorst Trojan Football - German Sausage and Sauerkraut...
If you had to eat 5 lbs of anything what would it be?
Twitter on the computer is lame af ,
Just kickin' back and doin' some brainstorming today!
I would like to volunteer in your organization please accept me in I'm have been down on my luck and god has a plan for me
Best part of every day? Going home to & the fur-kids.
Thanks for the follow. Today is National Chocolate Chip Day! Are you making chocolate chip ice cream?
i was right; tazo's vanilla roobios tea is *much* better as an iced sweet tea.
#Mizzou congrats on the big 12 win... Enjoy the
Baseball: First pitch set between Canby and Oregon City in final game of series at Canby HS. Cougars lost first 2 games.
There's nothing to help you get over a bad loss like the atrocious camera angle at the BankAtlantic Center. Nothing.
Good things come to those who wait. Don't rush perfection :)
Hells yeah, what does your Wednesday look like?
I am allowing them to check them out and bring them home. They are super excited.
neither can I :( and I took drugs to knock me out .. twice .. maybe the third time is the charm.
you can try
Learned a lot at workshop tonight with PR gal Lauren Lien. On the right track with what I am doing and what still needs to be done!
Vince Gray: "We cannot, and will not, revert to the days of incrementalism in our schools."
Spring break this week!!👍
I wanna meet some of my followers cause I got some I don't even know
My dude Nov said "I treat her mouth like daycare, I only let my kids in it"lol. SWAGG
how do ppl be puttin stars airplanes and shit by they name
how old are you seriously, your like the only imasure b**** thats hella stupid, haha feel pitty, just shutup.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength,
I have a right to choose. So today I release worry, and trust God with this day!!
i'm happier now :)
#stm2012 good message for librarians: staying in touch with your users is the job for the entire organization
It lowkey makes me mad when don't stand for the pledge, if you don't wanna show your patriotism then leave mf!
bitchimfrom.com “: For those asking about my shirt in the Cypher <---”
Is there any soda better than Mountain Dew? That's a rhetorical question.
Gee, Thanks for making me feel insignificant and worthless....
Happy early morning back!
come on in to city gear were are hear to spread some cheer LRG, Lil Wayne,8732,akoo tees.
anywhere..... Haha seriously is nicole scherzinger, "let the reay see the sting" haha
"You and me... We make a team!" RT : THEY CALL ME RUBBA-NECK !
Bristol researchers solve 70-year-old mystery
Lemme get on dis computer so I can get ready to download dis mixtape.
Cars 2 playing at my house tonight.
and, maybe, mimicking a rap posture? still, getting into character :)
got his number :D
no im not you are !
I have been out of the twitter loop of late. Moving and shaking on college completion and remedial ed in states
With that win, #Knicks snap 13-game playoff losing streak. Meanwhile, 12-year failure plan still seems to be right on track
got them nate robinson kryptonate for the low low launching soon at my new website www.NikeHot.Info ipecialize in sources4authentics
Home and exhausted after a fantastic day of shopping, sushi, Dunkin Donuts (x2), and 1.5 cupcakes with — next month, NYC!
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
So did my dad RT I swear this to be true: My dog, upon hearing that QRich fouled Pierce, looked away from the TV and growled
Yes before we know it you guys will be on the field playing, Then you will be getting ready for the Super Bowl game.
I walk into 's bedroom and she's playing a Spongebob game on an oldass Xbox while watching YouTube videos to cheat.
RT : Era of soap operas changing with 15,762nd & final episode of Guiding Light Friday.
I'm always delighted to serve the community. Get well soon! We'll see you at the next community art event
ah I can't wait to see that little love bug!! :)
Congratulation to James Stewart winning the U.S. Open of Supercross on his NEW 2010 YZ450F!!!!
How awesome and unexpected! Local blues legend Little Joe Washington...is on teh Twitter! Follow here:
Speaking of Nantucket.. Follow us
"Finish The Sentence" - Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there... with? (Something #Yankees Related) Top Tweets on: www.Chasing800.com =)
The same goes for LBJ.
you gotta learn to not pick fights with the likes of us
go us
lmao, have i missed anything today
NNRC will be at LegaTech in New York showcasing our national court reporting services. Watch for more info to follow.
Urban Dictionary: "Pineapples"
Junior seau shot dead at home Rest in peace, that's fucked up
I take that "wow" to mean you downloaded immediately! :) RT : just saw the IE9 commercial. Wow.
I'm nice
Love it RT : Overdramatic Umpires #mynewbandname (via ) totally works
iMessage >>> text message
"I'm super, thanks for asking." - Tuesday
Those banner colors: white, white, white, and taupe.
the olive juice is what makes me love this drink!
I have been mentioned and my work has shown in the premier issue of a new magazine. I'm currently on the hunt for some copies. Stay tuned.
Or BYU undies | RT : Just feel grateful that it wasn't a #BYU jumpsuit. That would have sent some mixed signals.
Sleepy! Let's hope this day goes by quick please!! 
Free promotion for yourself is a click away friend :) try the link on my profile. BTW, interested follow4 follow?
sure would!
Thank you!!!! Of course I do too :D
A dream is just a dream. A #goal is a dream with a plan and a deadline. -Harvey Mackay
I don't believe we know each other. Although I'm sure we frequent some of the same places.
looking forward to the performance tonight!
Avatars are just fully grown Smurfs.
glad to hear it beautiful!
Try , way better than Hootsuite!
thanks for the follow
James jealous me to eat McDonald XDXD Loll
Time for the to take on #Australia in the Bowl Semifinals!
how can I get the video for that?
I do. I just miss everyone. And not thinking about being in the outside world
Can't wait! : miss u 2! See u tuesday :)
My salad for lunch is missing one key ingredient which would make it perfect. Donuts.
When the courts took the ability to drink away, she became addicted to pills!! That killed her. Anabuse was the beginning!
bahahaha you said teddy's.! And I aint call you soft, you jst my teddy bear <3
Oh my god!! No on my Me haha
Everything makes me cry. Wtf
After nine months, the main conversion is complete! Falcon now contains the entirety of Schumin Web in its database.
A New Hope.
Oh, man! it's hump day!
good to see you! Great energy, keep coming back
K so it's a slow process... But this new bag is feelin good!
Throw in a klonopin and I'm there, baby!
It's going to be a great day !
You can gain a lot of ideas from #garden exhibitions about the kind of #flowers and plants that would suit your
Thought I was getting pretty comfortable playing on "Countdown," then I checked out Mehldau's versions. Back to the shed...
We hope u dig the tunes and the video. Please help us spread thew word. We gotta find these guys! Best & success.
When asked about his purity ring, Joe replied, "That's when I was younger. Not really here to talk about that now."
Don't wanna go to work... Just feel like kicking back and enjoying the weekend!
I just checked in at Pinecrest (, Pinecrest) on
pretty sure loves YOU!
"I wanna make bank bro..I wanna get ass and drive a range rover"
Time to make the cheesy potatoes!!!
this wonderful place called First Tn Bank
#SuperBowl Halftime was a little like a way-back machine. Guess Madonna is better heard than seen. Love the music - not the performance.
Take a deep breathe, sigh and accepting the fact that will never follow me! :( even i use this hashtag
": Elixir strings are good damnit." I'm researching your endorsements.
You are the only person that takes me serious.
not really, while they are often based on little, how can you possibly base a prediction of an Elite 8 loss on anything at all?
I work at Candy Lounge :)
Rise&Shine...
Thanks and welcome to all our new followers & of course, thanks to those of you who have been here from the beginning! We appreciate it!
watching #smackdown its awesome. wuz anyone surprised that returned monday on raw 4 nites ago?
Was this week a long week for anyone as well? Time is such a fallacy.
im so tired, have a headache :( goodnight Austin <3 i love you
Come enjoy a glass of wine on this beautiful Sunday afternoon!
CSI and their technology is crazy 😳
: We are a house divided in my family. I wanna see Bulls. Hubby want Hawks. Battle for the Remote.
we can meet at Jimbos. What time?
You don't over come that butt whipping. Not even in 1966.
lmao hilarious right? i'm telling you #TupacIsAlive!
Enemy of the Mind won the Platinum Remi Award at #WorldFestHouston for Independent Theatrical Feature Films - Low Budget!
and it's not fun to root for injuries, which seem to have become the best way to gain competitive balance in a series
in a bad Jew. And (but?) I keep both my diva cup AND my plunger away from the kitchen.
Awesome! Look forward to hearing more this afternoon!
like...Math pop/rock? haha
#3rdleg “: Breaking: withdrew from the WGC-Cadillac Championship with a left leg injury.
The cat I'm catsitting keeps stuffing himself up under my recliner despite a pillow blockade. I just hauled him out again. Not amused.
I agree - that wasn't really specific enough to handheld devices, ideas, projects, etc.
lololol. My little sister & i are on two separate computers voting for . (:
tryin 2 win a meet & greet with u frm had 2 be 102 & Iwas 100:( I'm gonna keep trying! Met u in Sept
All of our followers should check out :) He is an amazing musician and his new video is free on iTunes this week, check it out.
I'VE GOT A PHONE INTERVIEW SCHEDULED FOR MY DREAM JOB!!!!
Oh that is too bad. Find an online store with a good return policy, just in case the fit is off.
Can't wait for the Jan 24th!!!! RT : In my life, I've had things that couldn't last
And you are right that setting a bad example is rarely good!
I Am So Happy For Kim And her Wedding, But Come On Guys! Focus On Libya! They Are Almost On The Rise To Freedom!
love the site! check out ours! much love and respect!
Are you allowed to go or does granny got that ass on lock down?
Happy Mother's Day. I hope today is a whole lot better than yesterday.
Got my head back on ready to take care of businesses... I LOVE U MAMA
Hatley Branch Library Book Club-Tuesday, March 13th 2pm. "The Art of Racing in the Rain" by Garth Stein. Coffee & Dessert.
Florida's so pretty isn't it? And it will miss you very much:( Come back soon!!
wats the budget..boy txt me...ur ass use to rt all the time now u wanna come on twitter asking questions u shld txt bkwards ass
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade.
>Quote: Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. Jim Rohn
A wonderful family with 3 kids came all the way from from Kohler, WI this week to serve the meal. Thank you for your support.
#thatcampPNW How to gain the skills to use/teach the Geo-Web/"Neo Geo?
There is NO VIP list to get in my heart but there is for sure a bouncer if you f...ck up.!
thank u brit, love you
what's for brekkie?
Midway...perfect way to end my day.
Looking forward to seeing Production Club regulars and at the meeting tonight! Their commitment is always appreciated!
Spent all day at Madison park beach swimming yesterday. Today, back to work. By the way Taylor can't find a fan. She's dying in her place!
had to prove yourself...
How does have 1200+ followers?
An Idahoan man was arrested, and gave the arresting officer a name that differed from the surname tattooed on his forearm.
only if ICONic Boyz were down there you could chill with them
mines weighs 7
I like the way you think!
Defense and take it to the hoop, please. Go Celts
Top three commercials so far. Go.
Grape juice <3
Those artists will in turn introduce their collectors to you.
Would you use this tech only in testing phases of a device or in its full implementation? Thanks!
Game time shawty!
who is that?
I wish I was napping right now.
Come on down to Broomfield Days tomorrow! Mischiefmaker and my friends at In Case of Attack will be there!!
THanks, i need a stage, dj event to go go dance at....
you disappoint me.
you think hahaha
Down 8lbs in 9 days on 4HB. Using PAGG, now going to try ice bathing. Only these kind of results could make me try these things!
Girls get passed around the team more than a blunt.
Yesterday was Prince Spaghetti Day, of course, so that means that today is Thursday, and Story Hour with Miss Kathy at 4:15! See you there!
First East Coast earthquake over. 5.8 or so? Not too shabby, DC!
AH that is the Holy Trifecta right there! I am watching it this morning to find out what happened!!! :)
no prob and thank you too for ShoutOut ..♥♥♥♥ :)x
eating whole wheat bread yuck!
Good Morning!!!!
We loved having you here // #DCminerchallenge team was delivering meals to clients all day
Sounded cool but people made it sound like you throw the food over and make them fetch it, no petting haha
.... are we related?!? lol! where did you get thayil from?
"Don't beg, don't ask, just thank God in silence for all the blessings in your life. ~PauloCoelho
Amazing. Right?
Justin Blackmon is only 6'0 and he is going top 5???
Lol I am lucky.(:
Take a break for Chicken this morning! What's your favorite CFA breakfast item?
Buying plants at Blue Grass Farms today
It came to me in a dream!!! I finally figured out what did!!!!
I dont think ive ever been this sad before
Hey I Seen On Your New Video How You Can Get Booked For Events And I Was Wondering If You Can Perform At My B day Next Year(:
Watching Hawks Raptors on a Monday evening. Some call that a problem but I call it a gift.
due to be thunder and lightning!!:).
you are such a hottie
They encourage our tweeting habits!
have had 2 good days of practice. We play today @ 4pm. Thanks for the support
If lose tonight against , your Milwaukee will be tied for the 8th seed in the Eastern Conference playoffs.
Now everything after you is like having wine after whiskey, it went from "do anything for you babe" to you don’t even miss me
i love jb
Cooking some garlic chicken. Who wants some?
come to bullpen!
just getting back from some black ops airosft goodness!
but im a really big fan can i please get a follow back?? please
So it looks like more SPAM is coming from my SideWinder email account. Looks like they are spoofing the address and not actually hacking in.
Lunch is almost over - looking forward to the 2nd half of the day: tech in the classroom, emerging technologies, and e-publishing
First time I every cried during a Chipotle commercial. Shoot me now!
Terrell Suggs, Fall So Hard University.
That's never happened to you in Seattle? You should get out more!
Comin back home to see the rocks dominate..
HBO VEEP - Anyone like it? YAWN, its kinda like watching Elaine Benice from Seinfeld playing a VP..
Who ever is my 70th follower I will give them a shout out!!(:
Don't click on link that was just sent to you. Twitter account was hacked! Sorry for inconvenience :(
"A historic" OR "An historic"?
DID SOMEBODY SAY ONE DIRECTION ON TV? excuse me...
What an eventful day. First #OWS than getting stuck on a #Metrolink train for an hour. How exciting.
Froth at the top, dregs at bottom, but the middle excellent
Who gettin drunk tonight????
Just got to the gym... No gym pants
Referee Scott Foster deserves a one game suspension and the league needs to change its goaltending reviewable call rule.
you got a spot pickd out if not you should go to the lot off bluemound passd kellys n long wongs the lil side lot
Dog like if ik u was talkin that much shit I wuda jus deleted my twitter n jumped of a building a long time ago
I love working on the train from NY to DC…
UCSD lib an acquired taste. By far, the ugliest building in San Diego is Mi Arbolito Condos at 6th/Upas in Hillcrest: Hideous!
The muslims should leave Israel so the jews can build their temple, jesus wont show up, and we can all get over all this religion bullshit.
Congrats to my big brother/mentor/friend for graduating today.
Got a runny nose. Definitely caught a bug. Going to Sully game. Then watching NC softball tear apart Shakamak
First tweet on my new iphone 4s!
My peeps and the universe voted -- made the tea w/orange blossoms, sniffed it, then accidentally knocked the full cup onto the floor! :)
think systems
4 kids dancing in the middle of the round a bout on raceway.. #wtf?
Shut. Down. Inning.
Some people post some dumb pictured #why?
Hoping everything works out for the best. I guess it just wasn't my time.
Harry Potter" star Rupert Grint says the actor is able to return to work after recovering from a mild case of swine flu.(AP)
i think better when I'm standing up.
both of which are true
party at mcnulty's 1 dollar cans of rheingold
Bring the hate OKC.. We feed off that shit.
Photo shoot with Layne Miss Teen Global Nations 2012 and my son Hunter #modeling #
Rain's stopped. Time to head out to #alienware party.
it really all depends on whether & how much enjoys burns, rocks embedded in his shins, and bug splatter. personal choice.
O he gt me sleepy nw lol
Hope everyone had a gr8 weekend. We are only about 20 followers away from giving away more free Ice Cream. RT & U& UR friends may b winners!
Cool! Mike can i put em on Da Brew?
The Hon. UNITY DOW and ME Legislative Leader Emily Cain tell their their life stories at noon on Mon 3/26 at Moot Court Room, USM Law School
Have you ever encountered someone that will absolutely not stop #rambling about #EVERYTHING? My head is now #hurting. Geez!
Innonet (hearts) you too!
Kudos to David Freese. Well earned HR. Game 7 tomorrow. Rangers will take it back!
Is that you as a little kid?
End Of Time ~ Beyoncee
5 seconds has gone by, no followers. Man, they hate me already?
I've NEVER heard anyone say that!!
Bob, thanks for the great shout out! Glad that you are enjoying our posts. Have a wonderful weekend.
Thank you!
all types of OH at rihanna following pornhub.
i'd die without my iphone, so i know the feeling :)
Never settle for second best because you never know what prince/princess God has waiting for you!
i love the miz u r awesome
God night :)
CALLING ALL MUSICAL TALENT!! If ur interested in booking some gigs w/ us & our partners in Madison, send music samples to !
Practice session today with ! let's get it brotha!
i'm not going to be able to contain myself!
I wanna be like doee✌
I'm so happy, you have no idea.
Exploring the grounds of the Vanderbilt house at New Hyde Park on a sunny October afternoon
Wait - so how many teams are in the Big 12 now?
Open the mind up. Why not?
Yes - but NOTHING happens for me until after LTYM on May 6th. Will be in coma for a few days afterward, then I can do stuff.
Or you can make me feel like shit.
Epidemic Chronicles Sound Track has moved up on the Reverbnation charts to #6!
I uh… felt like I had a lot in common with him. hahaha
Thank you, and right back atcha! :)
im tired as shit
Received my dog's #Thundershirt in the mail today. He looks so adorable in it! Hoping it helps with his anxiety. *Fingers crossed*
omfg I'm going to explode.
First day of 2nd Semester. Leggo
Hi Another Foley writer? Love it! Welcome to my timeline. :-D
umm haha only slightly #sketchy haha is gonna record that one on her phone too. -_- haha
Google is my professor!
You're welcome!
Movie night with my pouches and
My heart beats in 5/4 time.
8.9 magnitude earthquake in Indonesia ?!?
Man whores these days! down grading, big time! Hahaha
I will pray for your dream!
Hey, any story about a rogue bisexual priest/alchemist on the run from the inquisition has GOT to be there
Thanks for the welcome, but my plane never got off the ground last nite, so we'll do the SA shows from nearby Washington
Good Morning to all ;)
Is that some sort of backhanded compliment about how good looking our women are?
I believe we just booked some friends of yours for the June showcase!!
you could come with me sometimes if you'd like
Walk off Homerun for Pence! Still piss lee didn't get the win!
RT : Just because it's my last week of work doesn't mean work me to death!!! // Time to start slacking.
Oh man, I've never seen it. I need to hunt that down.
A lot of people are yelling and wooing outside. Something about sports?
I'm def ready for a new baseball season, watching the A's & M's in japan. Angels all the way to the World Series!!! Go halos
A wise man changes his mind, a fool never will.
ah alright sounds good!
Numbers for IB(s)?(:
Mila Kunis in friends with benefits is on point >>>
Done - sent to your MSN email could one of you guys email me or DM me the bostonsim twitter
can I transfer $ to ur acct
Hahaha!!! "RT : "the hardest thing to leave out of the mix is the 60 piece orchestra" Steve Lillywhite."
$20 wash&Curl
Just got the email!
FOLLOW NOW FOR A SHOUT OUT ON MY PERSONAL AND A DM TO CODY&AUSTIN TWEET ME YEE WHEN YOU DID!♥
We have a new song and I will let you choose. Gonna tweet both links. It's the New More than Anything!
Y does it seem like the only people right-wing Christian zealots care about r themselves & the unborn baby?
hate getting sick.
I need a Redbull
Working on a book of all the unanswered letters I've sent out over the years.
welcome to the family lol
Entertainment best bets May 4-10
My tummy keeps rumbling -_-
#VikingShores Is Crazy As Hell . But Its Not Right To Be Killing Them Whales Like That
Tired af.. Shower then callin it a night!!
SMH is a black people thing
free btl of wine all July w/2 entree purchase when you mention TIBA to your server! outta help with
I forgot you had a kid. How's Maggie and um....Nikki?
look at this!!! its #MahomiesGoHard MahoneOnEllen MahoneOnEllen its a TT!!!! Make it happen!
Alex, can I buy a vowel, U please, WHAT! That's only sometimes a vowel!
ok will do, thanks! xx
Another Friday brought to you by your friends in CGS. You're welcome.
SHOUTOUT----> SHE LIVES W. HARRY STYLES!
I'm reading the Best American Nonrequired Reading 2008.
Bout to hop in the shower nd get ready for prom ..!
Yep, back from the pale! Great to hear from you again!
Foo Fighters have been together for sixteen years and Pat Smear is back in the band. Now I've totally lost track of time.
Hello there. Thank you for following me:
thanks! Enjoyed the chat.
That's the best revenge of all; happiness. Nothing drives people crazier then seeing someone have a good fucking life
I thought yesterday was Thursday....why is it Wednesday?
Looks like I've got some #NGS2012 catching up to do, thanks to 3 hour power outage this morning. Gonna' have to get ESM's am session on cd.
Looking forward to vending this year! I'll see you there!
With Michael, Sophia, Mikey, and Andrew.(:
you're actually the person I want to throttle the least on here
Why is studying a thing
love the new pic!
oh fab!! I should be getting a US number tomorrow so I will call u asap miss dag!!
Birds are singing for the sunrise
#directionerslovetickethangout me and are in love with you're music. It's amazing.
I believe it, Social Media is very influential
Any Adobe Illustrator (CS+) geniuses out there? Need help with a blend issue.
the voting was rigged obvi
#MUSICNEWS New breed of boy bands takes over airwaves
Karine Megerdoomian, MITRE, on analyzing social media at #Academedia. Examples from TweetFeel > More obscene Tweets on screen
": The first duty of love is to listen."
well played sir!
We will be there April 8th at GZ and if we get on a certain tour we will be back late April!
Filled out a form today. They asked me my race. I wrote "human" in the empty space. Was told it was an unacceptable answer...really?!!
Thanks for word of #SSPX in the news. This is "indie Catholic" too, tho like many, they would reject the label.
guess you go mad hard when that show be on
U on them Molly's RT : Gots niggas feelin like they they self again and shit, feelin wild groovy right now
Listening to Michael Kay's rant about Baseball Etiquite, when he compares it to slavery and the Holocost. Makes me laugh.
I'll kiss your mom! =D Eh...eh...? Am I right? -nudge nudge-
Some things are better left unsaid...:/
Amos Lee tore my heart out a little bit.
It's Senior Week!! Who's ready for the boat cruise tonight?
": I could never work at Chickfila. I'm too much of a bitch. But kudos to those nice people. #lifeofaprincess"
Follow a #WVU fan and #Weirton guy back!
that performance was amazing. I loved it!!!!
is this fetish day on twitter?
Finish your day of walking the #comiccon Exhibitor Floor with #DrHorriblesd LIVE on Stage! Discount Code - ComicCon gets you $10 off
I really enjoyed my weekend!! I needed that..
smoke from the fire or smoke from the bong?
Every girl has her special that makes her extraordinary!xoxo miss mimi pink
In life you have choices to make well mine is to tell the facts .Not going to sugarcoat anything I have uncensored airwaves on my website .
what? I doubt youre getting fatter! dont say that about yourself! from the pictures I have seen youre pretty skinny to me! <3
Love your site. Very cool idea for creatives.
Boy Scout council votes to sell Marble Rock camp - Mason City Globe Gazette
Abe Lincoln: America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves.
Your guess that celeb game was awesome!!!:) Please do another soon and keep up the great work!! 
I'm fenna go to sleep. I'm irritated & i got a headache....
Happy holidays! What was the best local gift that you recieved this year?
I beez in the trap, bee beez in the trap. -
I look for people in their seats and/or in the concourses.
": Just watched 's segment on Fox 6 news. Well done." - well you do "KnowsBest"
Let's have a toast for the douchebags Let's have a toast for the assholes Let's have a toast for the scumbags Every one of them that I know
WOW! What a day! Up and back from Philly. GOD is good.
Excited about the move!
“: #aboyfriendshouldalways take his girlfriend's side. #doesntmatterifimwrong #crazygfproblem” i relate too well to these 😁😳
that's a tough one......probably Roxy. But I've always been into Skyy Black
Wet t shirt contest need we say more ?
i can't even handle this...
DM me your email address
Today's $1000 winner on www.getrichradio.com was Dennis Sperl. Congratulations Dennis! Tomorrow you could be our winner. Tune in to win!
So Im thinking of cutting my hair short!?! :/ I love my long hair but its so damaged!!
great piece on jlin. Best I've read recently.
Today I finished a 32 page document that if I could send it back to myself in 2003, my life may have been completely different.
--no, the African American museum up the street. They were expected back at noon so I'm thinking anytime now but I'm not sure.
"For you, I'm willing to tattoo your name on my butt."
Thanks- if you know anyone interested (or want to bring a friend) I need 1 more person to get the class to run!
Looking forward to it! Thanks for the heads up.
If you need a graphic designer, check out our website. www.stardesignsa.com :)
I've only been back 3 yrs. It's cooler than I remember, but I'm much closer to the delta now.
Once I reactivate Facebook, I think I'm gonna deactivate texting on my phone. Just to see what it's like.
I hope not!!!  are u still sick???
how'd it go today??
oh thanks!
North winds blow! Thunder & lightning!!
More coffee. The night shift just got for reals.
vs. vs. Brock Lesnar for the title.
Happy bday. Shady
hahaha yeah like 10 seconds ago!
Listening in awe to style maven at
what's even more annoying is Congress' refusal to heed his advice!
I love say somethin <3 and you?
it was amazing! Also thank you for following me my friend!
I wanna pucnh someone *stares at you* Which parts ? Maybe they'll work.
megaphones are weird
#RedSox are about to get swept by the #Orioles. The bigger concern, though, is Clay Buchholz. Just awful stuff on the mound.
(Johann Wolfgang von Goethe) You must either conquer and rule or serve and lose, suffer or triumph, be the anvil or the hammer.
Cat Game #3: Take up the most room on bed.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked : " are you mad? "
haha me too!
Bonus to severely delayed flight: vouchers for free round-trip to hush the angry masses of passengers.
Yaaaaaaaaay! My baby is home!!!
agreed, but I don't sit alone in black and white rooms.
No You Looked Beautiful A'F I Looked a Mess I Didnt Want you to See me .
thanks for the referral Dave!
how often did we listen at that age.
With to accept Governor's Service Award on behalf and our #OpOliver volunteers //
I'm really excited to work the super bowl! This weekend and next weekend is gonna be busy!
you should enjoy AS now - I don't think they are much more than a one-trick pony. Calling it now - next album will be lame.
wait wait wait...your badge says "golf professional"????
it comes down to how you define basketball.
It's official, the Vanilla Gorilla is back in
Oh yeah. Ribs.
Finally got my bumper!!!!
I'm thinking if t-shirt was pre-bundled w/ your badge, you don't have say out loud what size you need.+faster +no waste
Maternity leave is almost over. Back to work on Oct. 10th. Looking forward to getting back to the grind.
Traffic lights at Hydraulic and Seminole Trail are not working. County Police say traffic delayed, lights will be back in two hours
wow, pretty amazing view, right into the center of ground zero
Happy Mothers' Day to all the moms out there.
took it out for a spin in Pioneer Square with as my subject. Got some photos & video...shutter is practically silent.
Just made a twitter! Follow me and I'll follow you back!
thanks for the #FF!
resistance band! Good thinking, will try, thanks. /cc
Maybe in #Titanic3D they will see the fucking iceberg this time
you'll just have to wait and see
thinking of you today! Congrats on your promotion!!!
This is a 81' Honda! How dare you!!
thx for the follow...loved your blog! Keep in touch and all the best! :)
Warrior Walk in 3 and half hours. Can't wait. Go Aztecs!
If you a real nigga you'll say it to my face
Sunday afternoon classification homework with my husband. It's #libraryschool love
Happy MLK day... Dr. Ben Carson is giving the keynote today at our school!!! I'm so excited.. he's a huge idol of mine
and the kiddos made me breakfast in bed.....how sweet
where all the brothers and sisters come to get together.
Sign ups for fed hill and hampden end on 7/7 (baltimorebocce.com)
Dillard warming in #Brewers bullpen
Working on art...2 papers due on Monday...N my collages debut Saturday night at the Community Artists Collective in Houston, Texas! ~Hustle.
welcome to NYC! Hope to see u on Sunday! It's my 1st time going to IMATS! Yay!!!!!!!
auditioning, working hard on the business front. What's poppin on your end? Any new shoots?
On the school tour 3 shows tomorrow
Nice, I knew you would like it!!
Thanks! Topic is Large Card Sort Analysis Made Easy. This is my 1st yr attending #UPA_Intl conference. Are you attending
I'm so tired of logging into the ALA website and getting the Object Not Found error...
Lady Gaga has become so big that they let her mom #Madonna play? That's nice.
I want to see you.
about the same!:) haha and omg I know I'd cry when I see him and idk tbh what I would do haha xx
Various portions of River Rd will be closed throughout the week for sewer repair. Please allow additional time on your way to the museum.
is offering $20. OFF a 1 hour Reading with Rick, Dec.29th- Jan.5th!!! www.AskaMedium.com
Don't worry baby, I'm holding you down.♥
my eyes comment was probably the best thing I have ever said
apparently they don't want us to get too big for our britches.
I see where you're coming from.
hahaha well I have a final at 1....and no more meals on my card :(
Thank you for spreading the word about moving your money out of the "Too big to fail" Banks!
Tomorrow I will be out collecting nomination signatures in the #18thAssemblyDistrict again. Looking forward to meeting with more people!
REMEMBER! Last weekend to check out Reflections on Guatemala by Emily Janowiak and Jeff Litsey!
I will but,we needa negotiate somethings first
as in "DAMN that's a long period of time" or "DAMN you two are TERRIBLE for each other" ?
Trying to decide a level of technology in a new upcoming series.
Track flow
why thank you!
The article is good. I think it is important to remind groups that parking lot washes are not good for the environment.
without a doubt
it's a secret! Duh lol
Hard to get on anything when all clubs own by people who aren't in the culture. A city that known for bio Chem not entertainment.
Keep Me On My Toes..
yeah I was weirded out too.
no time for play when there's work to be done .
Coach im pretty sure when hopscotch it goes from Tennessee, Alabama, Texas, and California (:
Proud to see our President taking a stand in support of marriage equality & the right of all Americans to marry the person they love.
"Because I give you glory, because of who you are I give you praise..lord I worship you because you are" ♬ That song Rocks! #gymflo complete
It's amazing how much some coaches who are 2 seeds in this tourney are allowed to cuss at officials with no T's being given
our first piece of fan art!! We love it!!
Passover is different from all other nights, because on Passover, everyone can feel Jewish.
I downloaded Dream Chasers 2, I must say u a beast! U killin em on that joint
im glad have a safe weekend
that was my tip-off, too
Come to www.watchnhllive.com for all your preseason and regular season hockey games live online enjoy!!!
Can't wait to go rock climbing again using our new expert skills with &
Late peeps...
that's a good song
my background is killing (:
Not sure what's worse: the 3 months of street construction outside or the neighbor's marathon practicing of Christmas carols on saxophone.
"Momma I'm a millionaire, but Saks Fifth Ave don't sell affection..."
GCB is a pretty good show (:
I don't know about you, but I'm really sick of hearing about Dick Cheney again. How is it no one's managed to put a stake through his heart?
It's Samuel From FB RT Back Please
10-4. I'll hold on to it for you and delete the post. Let me know mañana.
This is going to sound incredibly trite, but sounds like you need a break. Do something different for today & recharge your batteries
Thursday will be Ladies Night; $1 Margaritas until 11P.M.Drink Specials every 30 minutes ; Daniel Boom Dj will be in the mix !!
just sent you over and email! Hope to work together soon!
Excited to hear that for the first time since 2000, the original members if Strangefolk reunited in Brooklyn last nte. Huge fan from '97-'00
I've gotten so used to wearing Lululemons that jeans feel uncomfortable.
what? No benbecula option today! In spring ! Have a safe trip :)
Hey New York Events! Thanks for the follow!
I'm too damn sensitive.
Made a ten cent donation to George Zimmerman's defense fund (and mailed it postage due).
Watching Karate Kid 3 - Forgot how tough Mr. Miagi was. He's kicking some major butt...
Sexy boys work and ride for
Tlking is a waste of time....
he's equal opportunity!
In other news chris moyles snogged sinitta + Omero drunkenly left the hamster cage open + one of them is loose in the flat
CASTLE STALKER
Monday Night's forecast: Bitter with a chance of legacy destruction.
don't know if I ever told you this but I love you(:
LMFAO that was great "so called finchel"
It's rare bc t-storms require the rapid, upward movement of warm/moist air and those conditions occur rarely when snow is actually possible
Shattered windshields along the Skyway. Drivers thought they were being shot at!! We're live with what really happened
absolutely! Feel free to shoot an email to and the right person will get back with you.
no I can't! Omg ugh our love lives are blah.
My parents are watching twililight in spanish ...all into it ?
Y'know that old saying it's better to be pissed off then pissed on? It's probably not a good thing if you're both. Just ask BG.
TRAK Records and Library is seeking a Senior Analyst in #NJ who will focus of on Health Care Operations!
Note to Kelly clarkson..
's new song Starships >>>>
Concept mapping as a language learning activity! Denise is preparing us to work with a poem as the primary text.
great advice! and don't forget your vitamin D afterwards! Get your Tan!!
Just sang the Reading Rainbow Song w/
"Under the Toucan Sam"
Going out on the lake tommorrow gonna be fun
I Love How Takes The Time And Wishes His ICONiacz A Happy Birthday.<3 #LoveYou<3
Stats to live by! RT We have picked up 9 minutes of daylight since Friday and a hour and 13 min since December 21st.
I'm kind of pissed off now.. It hurts when they compare me to others, like I try my best, be thankful. Whatever, Night guys. <3
Happy Birthday I hope you have fun with friends and family you where great in chicago dance class with Bianca follow back?
the zoo! Nothing like it!
Right, but diff may be exaggerated somewhat by UK data on schools vs. US data on students.
Friday. Thank you for finally arriving. Long long week. Have a great day..
An extra car in booth 1083 is for "amateurs" to try their hand at applying graphics. Where else can you be exhorted to "grab a squeegee"?
Tweeted in class #YOLO lol LOVE YOU ALEX<33
#GreysAnatomy is the only show I watch. It would mean the world to me to go to this event!
Doesn't that retweet just about sum up the reason for double-standards, and general quietness?
Who is your favorite Prince? I can't decide between Prince, Tayshaun Prince, and the Fresh Prince of Bel Air.
Overturned gravel truck NW of #Battleground on NE 269th St W. of Daybreak Rd...269th is BLOCKED.
O'Brien graduates early, and benched. Uthoff decides 2 redshirt, mad about 2013 class being better, wants out of scholarship!
thanks friend
So scratch the Mickey Mouse update I will be Minnie Mouse... The client changed their mind.
If you host a lunch activity I'll work out of just around the corner and make a day of it!
You're famous Everyone keeps saying they watched you on the news this morning!
about the message?
Adam. Nice to get to know the contact for md live. Look forward to updates. Image making is my business. John Coyle
Mixing song #3. The last song was a quintet plus vocals. Took 2.5 hrs! Now, we r mixing a duo voice and guitar. This one should go faster.
Two guys today bred me today. So much cum.
NADI Cinema is screening Under the Bombs (Lebanon 2007) dir. Philippe Arctingi TONIGHT (4/25) at 7pm in the Union Theater.
Anyone need used values for Audio, Video, Musical Instruments, Guns, Cameras, and Computers--Go to www.usedprice.com
Hopefully I picked the right numbers #MegaMillions it's just too high to ignore
Like we don't really play though! 2live
Thank you so much for your inspiring newsletter. Yesterday was especially wonderful.
'How Trina Got In' is very funny episode,i hope that the next one will be awesome like this 1!
Listeners...does anyone relate to ?
I don't know how many #Quotes I read on #Twitter in a day =0
Hannah Montana.
lol ikr they are everywhere here in florida XD
dinner time..
oh yeah yeah I think he does! Haha I knew that! Lol xD
aww. :( I was gonna go do my project in my friend's house this Sunday! Well, I guess I'm gonna miss the live chat. :(
Take with you. #humanshield RT : I'll tweet you guys tonight if I'm still alive.
MT : Proud of my friend for speaking at State Bar of TX Annual Meeting on law firm marketing
Yeah I'm suppose to be on next week! I'm so excited to show off my lil boo!
You should have won and BTW you have the most beautiful smile
A hard working man and do anything when they put there mind to it, off to work
Carlos O. Gomez, : "When I go to college, that's good for me, and for my whole community."
Good game! good luck later!
Lots of peeps here w/ moms. Even sheeps here w/ moms. :) RT : Made it to with mom!
Safe travels! See you soon #NAIAS #Detroit RT : , here I come!
I for one can't wait till Romney adds all the #RobotVampirefromtheFuture facts to the WH presidential bios.
I'm following both #leadershipchat and #pr20chat right now (while researching bloggers). Small world! What are you working on?
goodnight baby i love you see you tomorrow:)
#idontunderstandandwhy i dont like #nickiminaj as much as other kids i dont like #rap period it sucks to me but thats my
Had a fun time with and :) #ThankYouSaintPatty!
One #blessing may become a #misfortune, and one misfortune may become a blessing. It's how you use the event to grow as a #soul that counts.
When i stopped reading blogs I also stopped writing them. I need to stop living on a ship
I just earned the Rookie badge on #Yelp!
Guys texting BM audio. It's the Featured Bit "Shats R Us" at www.freekshowradio.com
who wouldn't?
I can't wait to come back home next month!
hi emily. Dosey me has ONLY Just Noticed you Did manage to get a birthday tweet off Diana. Congratulations. Remenber jumping
Compassion-"as we forgive our debtors"
You sly dog. How could I say Bad Idea to that? needs more 21 year olds! We'd love her as a member of !
Hunter Hayes "wanted" >>>
Best Twitter bio ever! RT Just noticed that Judy Blume's "about me" on Twitter is "Are you there Twitter? It's me, Judy."
RT : RT : I'm good, thanx, hope alls well..miss u more. Catch up when I'm back to LA :)
thanks you're the best!
Guys who say 'no homo' to qualify the statement that follows have issues.
smh well I think its him so I'm sticking to my story!
ha! Thanks for watching TMJ4! :)
oops...at least get a FP for Space!!
Home at last. Just finished my daily water intake. Now for hockey, dinner and . . . Z.
I think I will add karaoke music production to my list of post-postdoc career options.
Finally lunch time
“ #Leo's warmth radiates from their heart, and they live the life of an eternal romantic.”
If you're not falling, you're not learning. ;-)
got the full beard going. Slowly but surely lol
Am I an angel, or am I demon, but shit I don't know me, so I can't judge me.
RT Do you exercise each week and if so what do you do to stay fit?
Hola Ya'all! 2 nite - Vallejo Music Group Ladies Night...9-1. Hope to C U...We play @ 10:15 & it's Matt Muehling's B Day!
I was think more along the lines of "DETOUR."
Your relentless focus on the outcomes that you're helping *others* to produce for themselves is the model for *every* org!
I am getting zero help from customer svc. Do you guys treat customers better?
I'm absolutely astonished by how many women walk around #vegas with their shoes in hand & dirty ass feet. So sloppy.
you know when you're at home with the one you love, and you think-- i got to get on your health insurance
Anything possible : Brainwashing 101. I'm surprised they don't have their kid cut himself just to associate the pain with Obama
I know! I listened to it a lot when I loss my daddy :(
#HKC WINS their one NFL Sunday Selection 3* Carolina Panthers with EASE !!!! BPOSport.com
PMP Certification From PMI is an in demand certification for Project Managers. New Mexico Hiring Managers love PMP's
Jim Cason of the Friends Committee on National Legislation came to our office to drop off 4 posters w/ names of 8000 Quakers who support us!
shameless on showtime!
Such a great crew in the studio today! Making filming music videos CAN be fun.
yeah no
They're doing this instead of having the time for "Man or Muppet"?
": I'm about to go to my car . .... Get my gun .... Shoot everybody's ass" <---1st Epi. of Pablo Goes Postal is in the works I see
why are you laying on the floor in your picture?
help alex get #rockmysocksoff trending <3
Action can be accomplished w/in program time. Participants to implement.
I was just told i look like the girl version of jesus...thank you?...
Oh hey bb
A tired and groggy morning. Amazing how the weather matches my mood. It was a red morning. Good thing I am not a sailer.
FRIDAY. Thanks!
#BaylorBear Wow. Impressive.
yeah i was reading while listening to here comes the sun and i started bawling
you about to start some shit today with that one!
Today we are meeting with Tom & Pam Koppel at their new local business Getting the grand tour. Very impressive!!
Dear Politicians, You are not going to get my vote with your smear campaign. Tell me what is good about you, ignore the opponent.
The green stuff on the occasional freak potato chip is chlorophyll.
Well, if it's for the Admiral... MT RT : We need 2000 volunteers to follow
Reminder to all of our awesome clients: our offices will be closed the next two Mondays, 12/26 and 1/2. Happy holidays!
way to go buffalo
Hey can we have the old layout back. THIS NEW ONE SUCKS!!!!
Every morning when I ride my bike to work, I see so many things I would like to paint. I see the beauty in everything. =)
Taylor likely wants 4 yrs., $8 million fully guaranteed. All picks ahead of him are fully guaranteed K's. Two slots after him only 60%.
Nah I'm not. Never have been, never will be. :) But my buddy is and that's his band so I'ma support his juggalo ass! :D
I don't remember the last time I had this much ink in my hair.
Baby you're a firework!
Please follow me, and I'll just about die<3
Haha good choice :P Hmm..What's ur fav color? (im bein random&bored at the same time :P )
A #SportingKC goal is near.
#girllookatthatbody i work out :D
I blame coaching for that.. weve seen this enough before.
Hejinian-on-lunch-break==writing poetry on napkins
About to go all 1950's housewife. Too bad I don't have a dress from
Love how told 's ass off on #RHOAReunion !👊💢👊 why is there an escort on the show? So disappointing....
Snow, snow, go away come again...never.
Some of these roller coasters are getting my ass
yeah, of course,'Ghost' was good w/ Swayze but 'Ghost Town' rocked w/Gervais! (nice to see u tweetin' (miss those TIOL days)!
Same. I love Latour. I've used him in my research and writing, and he's always brilliant.
He read an iconic sentence: Billy Pilgrim has come unstuck in time. Realized, "lack of coherence in my ideas was to be explored."
Dunks got new straws!
#fridayreads I'm reading THE PARIS WIFE by Paula McLain. Love!
Waiting for my plane to ATL!!
Tonight's special: Sonic the Hedgedog! Topped w/ blue cheese, blue vegenaise (!!), cucumber, tomato, jalapeños, olives, & pepper.
both of you...Vegas trip. Stat!
Thanks for visiting us : )
Oh and, killed it last night.
Hey, put on some beats I can frat to.
same thing is happenin to me!!):
I just want it all to be over ..
WHERE IS IT!
I take drugs strictly for the side effects. Redness, stroke and possible death? To cure toe fungus? Yes please!
at leastt i can tweet when the power goes out -scared-
Einstein said if he had 1 hr to save the world he would spend 55 min defining the problem & 5 min finding the solution -credit wikiHow feed
hi we just saw u at renzo's - my little girl loved it
Where is the punishment for Edison Volquez if he serves a 50-game suspension while on the disabled list?
Jim Solomon of The Fireplace restaurant is here at #LIGFest - stop by for lunch or dinner!
damn! that sucks /:
I heard a nasty rumor that tue finale was actually decent
I love Mike Milbury! Never afraid to speak his mind.
Ladies say i'm your girl, your my man- You got it bad- Usher
Funny how people only talk to you when they want something
What a weekend...but i wont curse my past so im ready for the shift...
Tonight gonna get wasted!!! As much as i like to party, the hangover kills me!!
Don C. knows TP. Ruth W. makes a good point. Rob's son is well-behaved.
No better feeling than having a probate settlement come out to the penny on the first go around.
Taking dog to get his shots
Vic Fuentes why are you so damn sexy? ;)
RT : #LOVED last night. Looking forward to brunch there real soon.
Please follow a great all digital Golfing/ Luxury lifestyle magazine!
