"Parties are like frisbees; if you don't throw them the right way, they veer off in the wrong direction, and your kid falls into a quarry."
“No persons are more frequently wrong, than those who will not admit they are wrong.” ― François de La Rochefoucauld
Walk-off Corey Hart!!! #Brewers win 8-7!!! Brewers lead the season series 4-1!
Listening Fireflies by Joe Brooks! This is some good stuff right here
Good morning!
is new on twitter so help me out and follow me
- Take Care . . . this is one song that even the radio can't kill.
My brought me salads from Fresh and Easy. Yaaay.
#sea Do you prefer eating the frosting of the cupcake or the cupcake first?
Going to meet with my trainer. I know, me?! Right?!
From the MultiCultural Review files: current issue Summer 2010 features Perspectives on Islam Web Sites including www.memri.org
one picture lol instead of albums and albums lol
his are blue back and white. And cooll(: I like blue too
yo u can tell which dudes get on cuz they mans is poppin, sucka MCs
Saturday night - BARCELONA Vs REAL MADRID - GO BARRCCCAAAAA
You can neither give what you dont have nor say you never had anything to give - David Vanderpuye-Orgle
People are funny : They spend money they don't have, to buy things they don't need, to impress people they dont like.
Nothing like a few retweets to remind me that 99.9% of people don't deserve retweet privileges.
It's karen skip day
I wish my whole body was as tan as my stomach.
haha, I'm sure you're not terrible at all! Plus, practice makes perfect does truly apply to writing. :)
Global warming is definetly happening in NY right now. what the fuck!?
So either we never respond to each other or my phone sucks O.o
Mitchell said he won vote of Walker supporter for handing out his own campaign literature. Funnier when he tells the story.
I love when you talk that talk 2 me yeah #Rihanna love her
Happy superbowl Sunday!!!
thanks for the follow!
no problem!
perhaps? RT darn it almighty! Told there was a Drupalista Richard
Time to hop on the bike to face San Francisco motorists in the first storm of the year. Tell my husband and dogs I love them...
Can I join? :p
-- Selena is gorgeous, I don't care what anyone says. but so is Jasmine, I'll admit it.
Isaw the hair stand up on your neck, when Geraldo wanted Cain to call him, he needs to find Al capone's real vault
EmailArts (emailarts) thanks for the follow.
thanks for the mention I truly appreciate it! Welcome to the wonderful world of social marketing/media!
I can't get out of bed 😞
Final question from the audience: "Everybody talks about Chattanooga, Knoxville, etc. merging, so why can't we do it? Why haven't we yet?"
Apr 4, 1922: #Churchill: "Irish have a genius for conspiracy rather than for government."
....drown her past regrets in coffee and cigarettes.
Please to see Common Cause call for investigation into why ABM holds legislative strategy meetings with the Dayton Admin. (Or not.)
Im headed to the ice rink for a lesson with my freestyle coach.
Thanks for the follow Your Neighborhood Plumber for NYC No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies...24/7
thanks. person who I'd RTed told me later!
I'm not going to be able to grin and bear it much longer if I run out of toothpaste.
Not sure I've ever hear a word he's said....to busy getting a kick out of his suit jackets.
wish i could "like" this!
": shut up sis :)" First off I'm your "SIS" now? :O and second YOU shut up :p
- Are you ready to get a little corporate?!? We promise not to be too stuffy!
I got kicked out of there for having a white t shirt on under a zip-up hoodie.
It seems as if we'd let go, you wouldn't fight to save our love. . .
Uh time to work
"advertising is the price companies pay for being unoriginal." RT via
Apparently we need a dome on Lambeau now.
Got a good 4.5 mile run in this morning.
so are u black now?
not yet!! But hopefully with our good news coming soon, u can!
": if you stay in Las Vegas don't miss out on this event May 27th me & my bro's Cali Swag performing at the Cashman Center"
Please use #dmvdance to raise awareness of our community!
Luca can't wait to meet you! He misses , too.
I have been replacing profane words in vocabulary with biscuit... what the biscuit?
Flying Frontier Air today. Everything feels just a little off when flying a different airline. Like I'm in bizarro world.
Apple Now Has More Cash Than The U.S. Government
Lol glad you enjoyed it RT created a new game. WINE COOLER PONG.
ikr !? Now im going shopping ! ^.<3
can you rewind the radio? i need to hear #chasingthesun AGAIN
I think I'm going to stop tweeting about politics. Testing my discipline. Other topics interest me more.
What a dick!
A back tuck
I wasn't saying it didn't. It very well may be.
I just seen a guy with a motor cycle jacket riding on a moped with sandal sneakers on....smh only in duval county
Beautiful morning and class of #spinlates coming up, I miss
Why get mad when you know you have labeled the groupie hoe.. You passed around like 3rd grade scissors.
or you found it yourself... :)
very interesting. Thanks for sharing.
What do you like, what do you love and what do you adore?
mad dog 20/20 of course
Origin of Walker Hendrickson #right-to-work video, Documentary about #Janesville,Wisconsin. #371 Productions of Wisconsin...
Definitely a morning where I'd rather learn than teach.
#amazing day at warped tour!!
don't hate me for my last tweet on here. Haha
#ImagineAustin is singing when he suddenly see u and got distracted. He messed up singing a song.
I come in and do 5 minutes of work and get paid, that's what's up!
Be sure to watch #TheVoice after the #SuperBowl this Sunday! I was there for the taping, so I may be on TV!!
having to work every day all day feelin like this - not cool.
my first tweet from my new apartment!!!! Life is good!!!
The moon looked amazing this morning!
Just started the #Celtics game on the DVR. Looks like the Celtics won't be trying to tell us about their sellout streak. (I know they lost)
I could go for seeing Turbo Fruits soon. OH WAIT CONNOR HATES THAT KIND OF MUSIC TOO
r u gonna be at the church 2mrw for any reason or do u want me to bring ur pb & bread to u?
RT : Great initiative to bring more tech talent to NYC. We're glad to support the NYC Turing Fellows!
the same child, of the little town of Stanford :),
Very rarely. 9/11 is an example.
How many lbs? 300 bench?
Are you funding Hezbollah?
Ever wanted to wipe you inside slate clean?? I have the answer for you
If you don't know who Jaron Lanier is, look him up on Wikipedia. Amazing bio.
Wow. My first Ohio snowfall. Not much, but I bet you're easing me into this, right?
..band name? bahaha!
wow ok so Wonder what It's like to have "REAL" friends...If there is such a thing
DailyHookahTip#100: Don't ignite easy-start coals indoors without a window open. When the outer layer burns, the fumes can be toxic.
I need to go to an ugly home.
#YouMightBeGhettoIf uh oh, i almost dont want to see the thing people have posted, but i gotta :))
this the s*** I've read in a long time!!!
no matter where i go i c da same hoes
I made small $ dancing, but receive huge rewards: travel, health and less need for Spanx.
So excited for Summer.. can't even stand it!! :P
A good producer can do anything. A Great producer won't allow himself to do JUST that.
I am looking forward to tonight's game go #Bruins !!!!
Happy thanksgiving!
Congratulations Gonzaga University for making the big dance!
get your egos off the battlefield!
I hate when people say "I'd lose my own head if it wasn't attached" no....... No you wouldn't.
RT : #Broncos Fans make sure to check-in on Foursquare today to unlock a great offer from
#ThatEx that probably has an std by now
No way on earth to gain peace of mind.
A quote from my friend sean ryan" jay cultler is so bad the bills defense will look like the 85 bears D."
WHO COULDN'T LOVE #MISTLETOE ???? thts like not loving chocolate bro!
is Colt the man this season?
I dunno who to talk to
your not a competitor.... I have a serious problem with that!!
Hey, you won't know till you try it
Interesting word: INTERROBANG - a combined punctuation mark of ? and ! - was the in vogue exclamation for much of the 1960's.
Special thank you to Mayor for attending today's Cherry Tree Planting Ceremony!
congrats fella! Wear that heavyweight belt proud! :)
RIP Maurice Sendak, author of "Where the Wild Things Are."
Can't wait to shave my head!!!
Me and oomf would make some cute kids.. We'll see if it happens tho
that sounds lovely, !
Not yet. We did send out an e-mail about the Renewal Party this week. Packets will be mailed on the 21st to all renewing subs.
Alright, it's #ff if anyone wants a S/O hit me up. I'll help out however I can :)
Gave my biz card w cleavage to a 13yr old and told him to watch
ru kidding me. Blk on blk crime leads to police looking for killers to arrest. Trayvon is abt Police letting a killer go free.
Are they trying to see how close they can get to my roof without hitting it? Cause.... Wtf
that's what I like to hear
Gonna use it as the basis for a piece examining #WSU's inhumanely awful 3-point defense. Lots of good stuff in there.
(mah one) love, (mah one) heart, (mah one) life for sure (; <3
what genre would you consider Blessthefall? iTunes said they're punk, lolol.
Too bad he lied.
omg say yes. even though you don't do that stuff. I don't either, but I still party with "him. (:
the videos i took arent actually that bad. minus the shaky-ness and my yelling. haha
How does a nba team miss 15 free throws???? Way to blow the cover missing freebies atlanta!
it's amazing that you could bill our account for an extra 10k. And have no one to resolve it.
how much practice is too much practice?
Metro Diner I feel your irresistible call!
Wow! Great job! #loveit!
To re ! ...dinner & drinks after an opera February... (Something to look forward to. Sorry it bothered you!)
awesome group! Thanks for coming!
Dr. Welbes Natural Health Clinic - Living Social: If you've ever tried to play a game of baseball against yourself, you know the impo...
other than*
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
First time I heard an old #Ramones song as a teenager. RT : What's a band you fell in love with after only hearing one song?
Q: How many times will I buy a pint of Fat Tire (thinking that I like it), to quickly discover/remember that I don't? A: At least 3.
8pm coffee? Ah, to be young again
I feel so lonely without you next to me.
Ladies I still have a couple of open spots today, call now to get your hair styled for the weekend (813) 910-2770
"She smells the jerky"
I need a golf partner for in the morning, my usual guys are busy...anybody???
oh i wonder how many teams will be chomping at the bits for timmy!
That makes me really happy! And if I ever need you (which is quite possible), I will totally call you.
what is there to fix? And no im not enjoying anything I'm pissed off
C'mon ride that train... All aboard, next stop crazy town!!! Lol 🎬🎶👯
Ofcourse we follow back love
Over the highway and thru the wood to Auntie 's house I go. :)
It's 106-84 C's w/ 3:45 left to play. Fans are streaming out of MSG. Pierce has 35, and Ray has 32. Allen: 15/20 3FGs in series
Lol, I look forward2watching his teams&gettin2know him. Hopefully I can learn from him like I did from you!
& i'll forgive you a million times...because i know im strong enough to forget
Why are they called marshmallows????
#3WordsOfAdvice listen to yourself
really! Perhaps the cut is the important thing :)
in Santa Monica is having its annual 70% off sale! I just scored some awesome finds. Check it out, Angelenos!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 27
Go to your obituary./Words gather for confines.
It's #notfunny when people tell lies about you!! I been loyal to all my family, friends, marines, and co-workers!!
I was elected to MLA Delegate Assembly!
Admittedly, Santa Claus @ the Mall is pretty scary...but the Easter Bunny is just evil. No kid wants 2 sit next to a 6ft tall upright bunny!
I knew I liked my dental hygienist—turns out we share the exact birth date. Fun times, we're apparently both getting long in the tooth.
don't worry you looked great!
no.. they tell me no, or i dont care, or somethin.. but when i get them sonething. They no wear or use
Really wasn't feeling Savage Journey to the American Dream, like at all. I think Rashad's production made Stalley better than what he is
LOLOLOLOLOL you make me feel so hot hot hot hot -___-
Thank you! :)<3
Bout to unleash some serious snacking on chucktown
Randy Moss looks good in practice, as he always has. As long as the 49ers face no sort of adversity this year, he'll be great for them.
I watched Dancing w/ The Stars last nite and my heart goes out to Sherry Shepherd. When dancing is a passion, you really feel it.
If ur sitting at work or school bored out of ur mind check me and YouTube.com/samuelventuramusic !!
If Will Smith had never done another movie... I woulda never noticed.
I think we should start kneeing people in the groin, unless they are your best friend or your boyfriend of course.
Haha, autocorrect gets all of us sometimes. :) Stay tuned!
Hello ! Thanks for the donation!
In BeverlyHills today, I saw a hot girl in a fancy car picking her nose. I gave her the benefit of the doubt & assumed it was a coke problem
cool. having zero car payments is the best!!
Get it! RT : It appears you won't see "The Big Uneasy" on TV. It's the story of what happened to NO in 2005. iTunes 99c
do you still look like your photo?
Add to this list, men in track pants, tennis shoes, and a leather jacket.
Lovatics and Britney Army let's trend this: Stop saying bad things about Demi and Britney! Let's do this, and show de power that both have!
I'm up early and answering phones for local affiliate , give us a call at 907-550-8484.
I'm happy I'm spending thanksgiving with true friend but on some shit we really family
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself
I'm officially starting my campaign for #gc2016 right NOW.
Danny(my moms name) and yeah Hahah
Please visit www.wpaonline.org, watch the video, and fill a virtual backpack with school supplies for the kids of WPA.
"Live.. at the Dolby." Yep. Works for me.
show at tonight 9pm!
"You can always fall back on the five finger rule"...Unless you've never used the five finger rule.
Don't ever act like your shit doesn't stink!
": Ehhhhh RT": I like it like that she workin that back, slow motion for me ; )" haha lol
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil. ~ Victor Hugo
Nice. Have fun!!!
Getting the puzzle pieces together...
Thanks for all your support Jess!
Fine thanks. How is the weather there, any snow?
Pretty sure that's the point. RT : Santorum dick? That's too easy of a joke.
Division comes from the lack of 1 vision. The one vision comes from the team huddle TD Jakes
Home of the Lil Wayne Trukfit!!! T-shirts and Hats... Here @ City Gear!!!!!!!!
Eat a good meal before going out, & you’ll be more likely to stick to your list of things to buy.
Hey Jake, Purdue wins again. Can Matt Painter play QB? Because he sure can coach!!!
One thing this #glee episode is making abundantly clear: there was only ONE
Drowning n my tears.
daughter analyzing "In a Station of the Metro"-clearly smarter than me-keep saying I already did 6th grade, u r on your own as cover for IDK
Zimbo Rolls - Yeah!Fresh baked rolls filled with our homemade African farmers sausage & our spinach a feta mix.Try one to know just how good
Idk that's a good question I guess 2 people can be in here account but do u relly think she jumped?!?!?
Sorry, if you got a strange weight-loss tweet from us. Our account got compromised. Everything should be under control now :)
Woohoo!! Just signed up for the Summer Sweepstakes! Such cute accessories! Thank you 😊
good morning :)
Cup of what?
yeah, I had to pick one, so I gave you an up on coffee.
What are all you #RObotz up to tonight?!
Tuesday its tiffany
Are you a Dreamer instead of a Doer? Dreams are Great as long as you put them into Action! That is the only way to turn your Dreams into Re…
saved us about $26 bucks today in parking.
RT There's only one rule that I know of, babies — God damn it, you've got to be kind.
I feel like a champ when I get one!
making FACEBOOK statuses about people. 1. no one uses facebook 2. your childish
who is he?
I'll watch the highlights tonight. I can't believe this..
Next year? you coming to nyc?
McDonald's is always hiring :D
There are two standards on billion and above but i think THE US standard of thousand million is the most common.
General Boykin talking about Chrislam where churches and mosques are worshipping together in US reading Bible and Koran--where r we headed?
thanks for the follow Chris. -Shauna
just about all of it :) lol idk wtf it was been on forever! Thank You! Looks much better!!!
This episode proves why this show has been boycotted. Cancel this show
#10FactsAboutMe A film I am in, Enemy of The Mind, won a Remi Award at #WorldFestHouston yesterday!
another half a page of this paper. I can do this.
no I am over that now. I realized she taken by someone she loves
haha really!!? Don't tempt me...That would b a blast
Atlantic City, Allen on the road again Gene Allen covers a lot of ground during a basketball game. The Atlantic City coach paces in front
God, I love you! I'm watching #CASTLE and giggling the entire time. "is there a police code for zombie?" bawahahaha
Re: "sportswriter doesn't play game, ergo can't comment." That specious argument needs to be named, a la "Godwin's Law."
I've seen (and gotten) the marks. But don't know anybody who's gotten ticket.
Save the date! The second annual Canton #Wine & Jazz Festival is Sat 9/25/10. www.cantonwinefestival.com
Please 'Michael' help me. Please please please. Make this hold music go away. Please please. Please.
War Eagle Duf.
Just reviwed the articles in this month's ASHA journals on the commute home!
Never take life seriously, nobody gets out alive anyway
Everyone's packing for Vegas this week, because my family has
Thanks! Check your direct messages under home tab for coupon--sent 7:33am.
Oh yes, we don't like him bc of that :/
That is mahogany!
RT Thanks to all Detroit area writers who did stories on the U of Michigan and how they handled the Fab Five banners.
I am hoping 2 go 2 Istanbul, too, but not before August-Sept probably. Enjoy.
i can spell phenomenological without any help now, thanks college!
hm my FB account is unavailable. that's a first!
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Marcus Hopkins ⁰Rising 8th ⁰Wylie, TX ⁰Travel Team: Texas Knights ⁰Point Guard 5’4
Man, our pitching staff is making Geoff Blum look like Paul Molitor. These guys blow.
The Dork Knight
That shit goes hard
S/O to for being the coolest and chillest most drama free person a know. I mean that.
Oh lax boys .. Oh baseball boys (;
Mine does the same ish, smh.
We are just one week away from I Hear Music in the Air. Have u purchased your tickets?
Congrats to Dreamworks & Touchstone Pictures on winning NAACP Award for best motion picture "The Help"
Kenneth Faried is the type of player everyone wants to play with, but no one wants to play against.
so good and so sad
I want to bury myself in water.
Saw a redhead wearing the perfect dress to compliment her hair.
Journalist will be discussing social media and technology at #crackingthecode!
Everyday more money is printed for Monopoly than the US Treasury
Damn u dat damn desperate 2 find a prom date, u had 2 go on fcebk smgdh datz pathetic
know it's a lil late but I just wanted to say thanks for the autograph @ academy!
We'll dial it up at network HQ!
You have a feel on which way this young man may go Mr Demling?
RT As you #appreciate what you DO have in your life, you allow the attraction of what you've been WANTING.
"Just stick your fingers deeper in there" - to
seriously .. your killing me .
Are Antique Engagement Rings Good Choice?
yes by my best friends as a joke and other times by sluts <3
I'm being stalked D:
Dear You are an angel. I suggest you post WHAT you can WHEN you can! If/when you need help let me know. We'll whip some up.
Finally on a break from shooting getting it in
RT : Use bit.ly links on your Facebook page to measure clickthroughs says
I intimidate u?! Aaww. GOOD!
Great Co-working space!
Thanks for getting the word about the Interdisciplinary Showcase. Sorry we were a little late to thank you!
hope you found someone to bring in the new year.
you are not helping
under certain circumstances social media can also propel issues onto the public agenda that the MSM aren't covering
A2 Synthetic drug manufacturers seem to keep one step ahead to always allow availability
It's a new week. What's on everyone's mind? Anyone going to see the President speak today?
Maybe so, I thought I was being clever! Shucks.
im always looking for new things to listen to, so if you make music hmu
It's the only song we know. It's the only song we know. It's the only song we know. It's the only song we know.
:( Praying for u friend... safe travels!
Say NO to bullying. RT if you agree.
Kobe fina give OKC they first L in the series
Check out my artist Mark Dash @ reverbnation.com/no1Koulddoitbetter
so looking to see you, Lauren! Not sure who this Chuck person is.
Thanks Lifetime :)
lol we werent making plans and if we do you know your always welcomed
I wish I knew what you were talking about. Lol
This is not the Thug Life you are looking for.
Greatest interception ever
Need a male model only for 8am PAID couple type shoot in NOLA downtown area!. Should b taller than 5'10 & b/w 20-40 yrs old Someone? Anyone?
Falling down is how we grow. Staying down is how we die
I love it!
Hi Patti!! That one is over and done!! Just don't have the after pics yet....will post em soon. How are you dong?
Purchase a 20 pack of single private pilates classes for $700. Reg. price $900. Offer good until noon today. 620 Eighth Ave. 92101
,oh ok carryon
Um... Why did I not get the Avery memo? I thought they were gonna pull a classic 30 Rock and delay this all summer. Woo! THIS IS AWESOME.
Whats next popping bubble wrap, slip and slide, water ballons fun huh
Thanks & see you soon! RT :
Enjoying reading "The Secret Garden" ... a benefit of getting the Kindle is re-reading some classics because they are free. :)
It's Monday, so come and celebrate with us at College Night. When you buy a Lg. Waffle Fry and Lg. Drink you will get a FREE CFA Sandwich!
Countdown. Drumroll please...
Kevin Garnett's head band-aid is comically large. That thing must be custom made.
Why don't I live in Florida?! Brrrr!
CEO Chris Artinian will be discussing the state of the steak on now with
Time to hurry home so I can get started on this chicken parm and ziti
Warren: How well do you sell your story for hiring or retention? Conversation in marketplace owns your brand
With my family at having a great time
i would do ANYTHING to meet love her! <3
Playing at McDonalds then off to the grocery.
So much good news. So much going on-so excited for everything! June 4th it starts!
#AskDerulo Does the neck brace hurt when you sleep?
people are so mean these days.
sucks for you!
Met my wife 5 years ago tonight. Off to Surly Girl to relive that first night.
that's awesome! I'm certain that WG'11 will bring it for our 1-yr reunion coming up
nah they're wicked drunnk hahaha
I'm starting to think I may be a bit compulsive about this whole twitter business. Welp, back to the opium den I go!
Thanks! “: "Data shows that 60% of the services we provide are In a language other than English." #RaceAndHealth”
My time with you was too short, I wish you werent leaving so quickly. Problems that happen when you
The person in front of me paid for my coffee in a #Starbucks drive thru today. Thanks little white car!
Excellent! Great news that you'll be part of the next one. Thank you for supporting #cashmob. This city thanks you.
"Having a dream is what keeps you alive. Overcoming the challenges make life worth living." - Mary Tyler Moore
Jealous! RT : Cold for breakfast? YES!
A successful woman is one who can find such a man
Been living under a rock for a few weeks. Has there been any LeBron James news lately? Ah, screw it. We all know he'll sign with the Knicks.
How did the Twins end up with the first pick in the 2001 draft? They did not have the worst record in the majors in 2000.
I had a similar phase. And I've lost everything. Oh LL how I miss thee.
drop everything now, meet me in the pouring rain
i never work thursdays, and OMG IDK THEY TOOK ME OFF THE SCHEDULE FOR YESTERDAY
SO happy you are our owner! Me & my girl have season tix! Can't wait for opening day! GO MAGIC!
If yo Kids Fathers didn't sign they Birth Certificates.. You can NOT Celebrate Mothers Day today! :)
. Let's try raising here too. And I agree, he should be posting in the draft thread.
what is the yoga schedule?
Running after the icecream truck, feeling like a kid again.
But anyway, questioning the established wisdom is good, especially in art. Viva la #BAM!
In my humble opinion, those are the best.
Hoping I'm wrong! -BB
Aw, thanks! :) If you could, leave a comment on 's Youtube video about that. I appreciate the love! :)
No I ain't.
hahah maybee.. (: or I might have just been playing hard to get, you never know!
I love following athletes. Rise and grind!
Time to continue the never ending chore of unpacking ...Not without a sunset run to the beach first to relish my new proximity to water!!!!
If you're near Kenmore, WA, please join the CU choir and Rev. Jim Pressnell tomorrow at Sunday service at Epiphany Lutheran Church.
we're looking longingly into each others eyes. Lol.
:) I'm sad,Ariana not tweet me.
thanks!!! Looking forward to letting you hear it!
The LSU Oregon game just goes to show you that the SEC is the lone powerhouse conference in the NCAA.
K, let's assume for a sec tht "human" & "tech " are social constructs & it's somewhat arbitrary how we define them
can't say just yet! We will be announcing May 7th! Stay tuned!
i just wanna smack her.
sometimes i pretend to be normal but it gets boring so i go back to being me (:
You know...the morning after Cinco De Mayo should be called Stinko De Mayo.
Any you'd share anonymously? I'm considering putting a collection together for a blog post.
Don't trust too much. Dont love too much. Dont hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much.
Yeah it's at my grandma's
Yay for Tangled! Go see it if you haven't already!
Healthy skin is where its at! #takecareofyourself #faceit ;)
Lmaooo!!! Lets do this all nighter hahahaa we still need to do a cypher buddy
i just dont get why teens are trying to grow up so quckly.....
that last tweet seemed funnier in my head than it looked typed out.
#NP Donald Byrd- Ethiopian Knights , but something is missing...
Red Sox and Tigers brawl after Kevin Youkilis was hit by a pitch, benches cleared
Don't picture yourself in a Nike commercial, Be the friggin Nike Commercial! JUST DO IT!
Okay , I love you and all but, official mahomies? we're all official..not just the ones with a lot of followers.
goodluck to all the juniors taking the taks test...have fun lol
Nice. :) Capote, Keroac, Hemingway and Bukowski are also on my summer reading list. But, first pop culture brain candy!
Welcome to the club RT : Imma State Champion!!
...on the other, I am told to worry about students who say my classes are "too hard." What's a pre-tenure prof to do? (2/2)
Any former investment banking analysts looking to get back into the game as an associate/vp in San Francisco? Let me know
"You come at the king, you best not miss," - Omar from "The Wire"
with the brownouts and the new need for 10 new stations, is the city in danger of not providing fre protection to the citizens?
Omg. I'm so addicted. T-T You would love Te Avengers. I know you would.
Censorship is all the rage…Twitter!
I just went to Bob Evans it was so good I loved it. Thumbs up for food yaaahhh!!
very good, it will pay off later stay persistent...
thank you too, for following me!! :D
Ok im hungry
Your Beautiful:)
Join us at El Cajon this Friday 2/10/12 to meet Kirk at the mobile adoption with the SD Humane Society
RT : If you carry bricks from the past into the present you'll build the same house.
He who hesitates is lost.
GUN SHOW!! AUG 21-22 SAT & SUN AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING ON THE NM STATE FAIR GROUNDS. CHECK OUT NEW MEXICO GUNS!
Saw William Shatner last night in person on the Intrepid aircraft carrier for the premiere of his doc "The Captains". Big fun!
... Well, aren't you a weather resistant tank?
thanks so much for the RT mention :-)
believe that!
you know it man!
new year , a new start , a new mindset , a new fashion - dv
Me too! I have been trying to stay away from the spoilers and trailers as much as possible.
Good job girls!1st and high gold for tap and lyrical. got 2nd and 3rd for overall highest scores. good luck for who competes tomorrow!<3
thxs for follow .. It's a BETTER WEB BUILDER! htp://mybwbsite.com/2915272/op It's FREE!
do you have a link to what it son does?
Walter speaks at CANDLES every Friday, 1-4pm. We invite you to come and learn about this important history from an eyewitness.
Yeah no one fouled MKG. Miller wit da BLOCK!
Ethnic Heritage Ensemble, "The Continuum." Forward and funky at the same time. Playing "Well You Needn't"
I've been in touch with Brian Geldin about thanks to your suggestion at mentor session - SXSW. thanks!
congrats! I can't wait to see the pictures!
3: stare at him for a while and suddenly start sing 'just the way you are' as you grab him and start dancing with him.
Hit a dumb fuck with nun chucks then dump em in a dumptruck,you riggedy run up you're diggety done up when my guns up!(das efx flow lol)
Ugh. RT : 2012 Honda Civic Tour presents Linkin Park and Incubus with special guest MUTEMATH. Tour starts August 11.
today @ Nat'l Arts, Entertainment & Cultural Districts Symposium hosts talks on future of creative place making.
sandless sandbags-Use for movie props.. 50 bags weigh 40lbs..Lightweight to carry to the set. hose down and bags will inflate. green product
growing up i lived at the bottom of a cul de sac! had to train myself to power up that hill on my bike - actually got good at it.
At Swets prezi to learn about Mendeley Institutional, but have to wait until 6.. I'm trapped. :(
Dark Monday for NYT readers: most emailed stories are 1) Can You Call A 9-Year-Old A Psychopath? and 2) Capitalists And Other Psychopaths.
my shit hurt bro!
thanks!!! How's everything on ur end? Havnt seen u in awhile. Hope u and ur fam are good!!
Just broke my neck pretty sure
The argument isn't virtual worlds as innovation. Active, situated learning *is* the change. It's the cake not icing
who ever said its gone be easy never said it was gone be this hard
Gettin' amped for tomorrow. A dutch favorite is gracing Charlotte tomorrow. Mr. Woot!!!
"Nobody puts Baby in the Corner." Rest in peace Patrick Swayze.
MAYNE!!! Mother Nature got the Temp set on Hell in H-Town, I'ma need to knock her ass out or aka Freeze to sneeze...
A limited number of Fiddler on the Roof tickets opened up for each of the 5 performances! Get these tickets before they're gone!
Have you been house shopping lately?
Great tonight. Thank you
Awesome! Thanks.
portfolio is finished!!!
we're looking for marathon and 1/2 marathon coaches in the Milwaukee area, any chance you might have some suggestions for us?
Thanks Chris :) RT : So proud of our boys for signing with Amazing band. Keep an eye out!
Just saw the news that former QB Matt Flynn has signed a 3-year deal with the
Hey #UMass to the free throw line-13 minutes and 38 seconds in. #Temple has only taken 4 thus far. UMass trailing 26-21
Just spoke to 2 great Artists, BSE putting in the 2012 work now
#ALGF is blowing up this morning
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do. ~ Benjamin Spock
finishing this beer and sleep.
stop and knock on woid
That's a web gem
Nor do Village People tribute bands.
-- I've got some ideas for Ty's iPhone Help -- iPad Apps #3 -- what is your email address? :)
I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt.. Please don't make me regret it.
ok thanks !
Science writers' mantra: I will fight to the death with whatever cognitive tools I have for something I believe in.
Here's The 1st Thing You Want To Do Up & Coming Artist; SAVE UP $35 For A Consultation With Me To Get You Started In The Right Direction!
Ok really stop with the messages there getting annoying.
Tell the panda where you want to get crazy so we can put your favorite venues on our site. Drink for charity with QRazy Panda.
I try. :) Mobile learning is the future!
How is that even remotely a travel? Game changing call.
Hey amiga :D
So proud to be an Aztec right now!! Whooohoo! HUGE game tonight boys!
free gourmet Italian food? yes! #workperks :-)
& that you always are ☺
Two exams and then work tonight, can someone shoot me now please
Next is our red carpet party..look out fa it in January
Ed Ayers - The only History Guy with a "real" job.
-____- why do you lie?
I agree. Just found it interesting that was my assumption & then Doonan discussed a different aspect.
Here we go again!
Until we are able to past the love test we are stuck, fustrated and quick to say the blank with it...defeated!!! Stuck at a 90feet giant!!!
...so in the end, they'd say, meh, fine. Here's a tortured this-time-only decision upholding ACA with maybe a tiny tweak or two for show.
yeah, pretty damn good. bringing a menu home; pls come to lunch w/ me sometime!
AlixPartners meet should produce some good insights into state of market for companies in #packexpo packaging space.
I can only apologise
Brewers come up short as they fall 2-5 to the Cubs. Diamondbacks win as well as Kennedy gets 20th W. Brewers lead to 1 game for 2 spot.
It's 3:03...I need to sleep
you wouldnt have that problem if you used suppositories
Life is full of fake people. Before you decide to judge them, make sure you're not one of them.
Can't thank everyone enough for their support, kind words of motivation, love and positive energy. I love you tweedos. Bostonthis weekend!
Don't you mean August?
If we don't get LSU vs Oklahoma state in the title game.... Another boring lsu bama game...
#Oomf done slipped up smh. Im all over it
I'm way beyond the frustration stage. $125 a month down the drain...never once offered compensation for my troubles
Do I ever cross your mind?
I never thought id live to see the day you retweeted something from Justin Bieber :)
Criminal justice and constitutional law, I took more classes this semester so I can work on Maggie brooks for congress in fall
happy mothers day. :)
... Bavarian Grill, The Fillmore Pub, Twisted Root Burger, Vickery Park, Dukes Original Roadhouse, Jasper's, Mama's Daughter's Diner
“: “: Please tell me Joshua Ledet didnt get voted off?!!” Wait, WHY?!” yes he did SMH
manny pacquiao now sponsored by Henessy... awesome
Biking SF the Hopps Swag with
I vote for people to start responding more to Tweets.. It keeps the writer motivated.. uhHem..
Which is the best nominated film this year? #Oscars 2012 Only saw one of them so far...
Man! Don't listen to these haters! You did nothing wrong. They are #trolls and you are
it really is a great lake. Hello Milwaukee.
TY for the Shout OUt ! Hope your Friday has been great!
Scouting locations in Memphis to shoot video with dr mark van stone.
maybe you should specify.
lol yes sir just hmu i should b at the house got a meeting at 430
hey Nixon! It's my birthday! :D
"Paper doesn't run; people run."
watch a movie like blow, smoke more or come over and ill punch u in the neck plate ....
missing out -____-
u rock
Best deal for the weekend? Any 18” pizza AND 12 wings for just $24.99.
congrats man!
LOL RT : Malls, where slow people come to walk slower...
same here. (: i followed you btw,
Who's stoked for the summer!? We're getting some new plans together, you should be stoked!
Thanks. I know it's still a ways away but I should probably start preparing
": “: I don't deserve you.” you do. You really do deserve him." <3 thank you for always supporting me.
Happy Birthday to our kick a@@ drummer...D$ (DALE HARPER)!!!! Someone buy this guy a SHOT tonight!!
I'm such a Hipster.
NO. Don't Vote Off Juliet. She's My Favorite. :'(
Ladies: Eventually two things will happen. Either he'll realize you're worth it, or you'll realize he's not.
My Bae Fell Asleep On Me ..Ima Fuck Him Up In The Mornin
We've conceded April/May. Entirely! RT : It's always a good game when is quite about his stinkin' bosox
I live in Abilene...
Wife had fun in Miami this weekend so bought this 55in 3D TV.
oh man. I can't believe you went there.
Books, a blanket, the porch swing, and the night sky. Home is exactly what I needed.
From the fruit manual: Lift watermelon carefully (use jack), place sturdy holders beneath, go in for the kill & pray holders stay on place.
Bien ;D Y que haces? LOL (What you doing?)
first cookout @ the new house = great success
Make u do a
Dizziness, Chronic fatigue, Impotence, Hair loss, Headaches, Low back pain, Constipation all symptoms of dehydration!
clearly an oversight!!
Yess throwback! I love this movie
yes a new pair of ballerina flats among other things. It was a good shopping day!
New rule: If I hold the door open for you and you walk by without saying "Thanks", I am granted one attempt at trying to trip you.
How've you been?
#Imagine *You walk in the room Alex: :O Robert: DAYYYUMMM Austin: Back off she's mine and always will be!
Walk your broken heart through that door. Sit your sexy ass on that couch. Wipe that lipstick off of your mouth.. I'll take it slow 😘🎶
thanks buddy!
I like to think I'm the guy women dream about, even if its not the good dreams.
Responded to FIRE @ 685 Sheffield Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11207 and helped 5 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
he did it ironically/sarcastically in the same way Fader/Pitchfork love Lil B
Yay! We love ! Tell Aurora we say hello!
so glad you love them!! i tots know how you feel! are you dipping them into anything? or just as is?? where are you buying?
Monetize the hate!
“: the only good part about that finale #popped” I know! Lol so #popped horrible ending
uncheck the geotag thing when you're gonna upload the pic
Hopefully this song doesn't suck...spent so much time on this e_e
No!!! I'll be in town thru Tuesday!!!! Along with 20K librarians. Told them ALL to come.
“: Nigga they hating they don't want me to make it I'm paper chasing so fuck they saying nigga I'm trapping<<<< BOOMING 💪💪”
Hi Mr. Cantor! Do you love America as much as I do??? Because the truth is I REALLY love it, like I love Jesus, almost. Thx
Audio engineers. I've hired two new guys :)
need anything! I just started up the weekly b12 shots. Thanks for letting amber know about that :)
I have that board game, lets play sometime!
Chapter Two is now underway.
" i always wonder what my last words on earth will be but more than likely it's going to be this: Ooh what does this button do?"
thanks for the #ff!
Thanks for the follow<3
See I don't think Christie wants to be VP, but he might have to if he wants to be Pres in the future.
You should have a good time.
Heading over to the Elmhurst Jazz Festival
Where the hell are these girls shopping? / How good is your beer?
way to go!!! Make that bank!
That is NONE of your business Dempster.
You get what anybody gets - U get a lifetime ~ Neil Gaiman
Losing my V(egas) card. See ya'll lates.
We're thrilled to announce our Monday, April 23 lineup, 7-9, Bathsheba Doran, Ed Park & Tiphanie Yanique. Join us at Shrine in Harlem!
hey hey!! Thanks again :)
I think you and I should just drink on it, Put our heads together and think on it, Maybe later on we can sleep on it
I don't even want to really discuss #MassEffect anymore because it hurts too much. Can't even play it anymore, it makes me sick since ME3.
I mean don't get me wrong I love Ian and everything but y'all have to show some love to other members of the crew.
are you passing?
Just beat in two straight games of basketball here at Main Event. Awesome.
Awesome! Congrats to you and Louis. Seems like yesterday when I coached him in LL baseball.
And we're in affect...
How long you around for
it's going to be just north on Harper, about a mile up. Right past Gilbert's! Full firestation-esque design throughout!
yes please!
Little victories add up to big wins!!!
wait the Mets are shopping him???
The only reason I'm out of bed before noon today is because I thought my roommate said "Two Girls One Cup" not "The Girls World Cup." Sigh..
Fine...I will send a gift and a prayer i dont get more of these. 10 years though and i met them twice?
Good Morning-Be sure and count your Blessings-Calculator available upon request
let me know when you have some free time to talk.
true... Very true.
Why does it feel like those who give in, They only wind up losing a friend.
tour dates (that don't include anywhere in the north east...)
I wish i had something to do tonight besides making art.
Merry Christmas everyone ♥<33 :D
I don't think so mora mora mora the explora...that's right I just went there
Exactly what I need. We've had at least half a day's worth of crying already.
Thanks babe! Can't wait to hear all about your adventures on the West Coast :)
Would you say people who drive dumb cars look smart?
Much obliged.
#firstdayofschool ...not so bad
hey :) thanks for the interest you will have to follow us so we can direct message you back
Tyler the Creator – Yonkers
it was ha ha ha isaiah said he did it haa ha.
I'll rather have a honest enemy than a fake friend!!
- I am following - please send me any addresses where you see my signs............. Clark
I am Trayvon Martin!
Planning to brew an imperial ipa this afternoon. Anyone want to help?
Good Morning everyone..Make it a good one!!
Ok change mind clear from those bitches
Why is me and basicly tweeting the same thing lol
But Seriously. Happy Valentine's Day!
Didn't want Patriots to win but love #Brady saying he sucked today.
Microbrews w/friends...
i may have to try that myself
Is Tony dead or alive?
wrong way brandon
Think about the money,that can be your energy!
It might be pronounced "Swaim" but any guesses how long Sveum will pronounced "Swoom" as in "June Swoon?"
we are all on the struggle bus. #truth RT "Congrats Newt, I'm glad you realized you were on the struggle bus."
3 things: 1: Suggest us to yo friends. 2: What song should we push as our new single? 3: RIP Al Davis
Thank you I'm very excited to offer our District an Independent choice. Join us!
Josh Hamilton to the Brewers by trade deadline? I GUESS we'd take him.....
well in arizona its so f**ing hot. still. Cant wait till it starts cooling down here
i'm just tired of opening up to guys because i get hurt everytime. i rarely open up & they take advantage.
take on #Minnesota tonight at 7:30. Catch it on 52 LCDs
Let's find some new ones today! RT We love new friends! Please ask your friends to find "Jillian's Story" on FB & Twitter.
I get downstairs
follow back!?
Can someone please tell me what the video is called where One Direction is dressed as one another??? PLEASE HELP???
I love that church!
I am typing on my new iPad e
G you are crazy.
Dad says we hog the bed! We just like to be comfortable!!
Similar to how many people wish for the Obama of 2008, I wish for the Trail Blazers of 2008.
I love marc jacobs #pause clothes,shoes,bookbags,jewerly
Just tell me when. :)
dude - did you just send me spam via direct message? i don't wanna open the link #scary!
The most beautiful image of forks in the sink I've ever seen! (A subtle nudge toward an iphone?)
Thanks for the follow Stand For c̓əsnaʔəm (cusnaum)! :)
I always offer you your football back you just never take it
I will try and get there
RT Have you been empowered through mentorship? Join the conversation with
you have to follow ;-)
Wish I could spend mothers day with mama english
The boy said Whitney Houston still can play movie roles - for example "someone resting on a couch".
Bruised Knucks, sore body, runny nose, no sleep. Today should be good.
media thongs! RT : Office is across the street from NASDAQ HQ and the throngs of media outside are insane. All for Facebook.
Are you an American Idol fan? If so how do you think it will be without Simon this year?
Instead of talking about how irrelevant the Grammy's are, just don't watch or talk about them, thereby making them ACTUALLY irrelevant.
This particular game is all about the damage! Fixed up the airlock a bit...
we are at the con center not sure when we are heading down town but it will be for sure around 6PM
why do we have te suffer for the unknown?
I am! Thanks for asking.
“: Lmaoo. Dude aint give no fuck. He had his mind made I dont care if I'm late I'm goin lol”thank you haha.
RT : Pizza Hut announces its crust is filled with everything. We live in the crust. The crust is the Universe. $9.99
my brother though out a bucket and a box and GUSS WHAT?? HA.. it got stuck on the Tree...
If we can't get speaker permissions for #aaasci recordings will be for personal use only and we'll need bloggers to report!
Today was unbearable until came on(:
I'm wishing on a shooting star hoping you will come true 💓
Aleast he kept in
I feel like you need a shirt that says that. And then you need to wear it EVERYWHERE, every day.
Thanks so much!
Familia if u r n the DMV don't 4get about tomorrow @ The Upper hit 'em 4 details
Lakers. Clippers. Nice to have the NBA back.
S/O to my two new followers and ! Send me some links to your work and I'll RT! Thanks again
My ex girlfriend is a porn star .... She's gonna be so pissed when she finds out...
#ThingsWeNeedToChange #Obama and Economic dependency on gas
finally someone who agrees lol i hat hearing ppls excuses why they are out of shape
miss you too, darlin! Let's do a Postal Service thing and send some stuff back and forth. I've never tried to write a duet!
are you on safari 5.1?
miss u bro for reals!! We will do it BIG the day I come I promise!!
Giving and serving is dope!
they are...
RT : Funny that you don't have a PR budget but you can make it to Essence Fest, Miami, Atlanta over the weekend. Priorities.
A few good contests on the site right now. Studliest Abs? No better time than the present.
hey man just grinding my self I am a songwriter ...can I send u some records
Am following and he needs some #Followers y'all lets help, #BigShoutout come one I wont hurt you! :-D
Love the cart driver on the concourse at #DIA that whistles cheerful tunes instead of yelling at people to move!
Let love explode and bring the dead to life. A love so bold to see a revolution somehow.
Dun wit eyebrows&nails im tired&starvin McDonald's here i come lol
Im gonna be in South Beach later on with Lil Wayne...should be interesting!
if #HBO pulls together a #thewire season where Micheal is runnin shit ... fuck it ill write it right now. #seasongangster season 4
it is black and has Einstein and relativity theory on it
Thank you for watching!
easiest way to become friends with me? tell me you like of mice and men. simple as that.
Thank you to ALL our amazing Sponsors for the Mother's Day giveaway! What a great event. Thanks to all that entered too!
books and flowers! Roman philosopher, Cicero, was just SO dead on: "If you have a garden and a library you have everything you need."
This weather is perfect to cuddle up with someone (': .
Well hopefully it can be fixed eventually.
You are welcome. Off to that horrible minimum wage work thingy. XXOO
If ya can't beat it join it!
What a difference a good night's rest makes- feeling ready to move on to Kuala Lumpur.
Burning the bottom of your feet when walking outside to take out the trash.
4 homers seems like it'd be pretty relaxing. A lot of jogging. Everybody says you're the hero. Perfect game is work.
If and can tweet you, you can too
., so I sent you an email outlining my concerns. You sent me a survey asking "how did we do?" Clueless.
so now that you are going to have a kid are y still gonna be on the jersey shore
I know, I'm pretty proud(;
Oh gosh, I checked my e-mail. 2500 unread e-mails, 1/3 of them from Staples saying my coupons were about to expire.
Just purged my feed of a bunch of pointless celebs. I feel twitterly cleansed.
I certainly do....do you like Escape the Fate, Falling In Reverse and Good Knives?
Already home, seattle was nice ,hot girls but no cute asian guys. Oh well goodnight!!!!!
Doubt whom you will, but never yourself. -Christian N. Bovee
I honestly don't ask for much, but not like it'll matter.
this shows the tits :p
Local Artist Shaun Bell will be performing at the peace festival
Thank you. I don't think journalists as a class are anti-academic, but somehow journalism as its own monster seems to be.
starting to grow plants in space, finally that floating garden ive always wanted will be a possibility, better hit that realestate up
What a day, good, but busy!
Seeing union park as a normal park is weird.
man,you wouldn't call it an accident if you saw replay. sad to see MWP regress like that. hopefully suspension wont b harsh
trying to find u on camgirls. Where are YOU?
Please send all custom orders to as we're still working on our Website!
you make it home alright? No flintstone tire?
damn... Well then rush that shit!
I think I'm about to give in and create instagram... I kno what I said before.. don't judge me lol
See you soon!
lmao have u been behaving???
Coffee and cigarettes are for the weak
the one from dade? Your gross bro
hahahhaha bro i have videos of him talking while hes sleeping itz so funny i miss yu guys more then anything wallah!!<33
Excited for the World Series to start. More excited for the human interest story about Tony LaRussa's process for picking a hairpiece.
Brah, my biceps have tripled. Now I have
Livin it up Kentucky style at Princeton Day School tonight... great evening ahead, congrats to on a fabulous event
Closing out the last of this iPhone app with a few Guiness'
no joke!!
If we are strong, our character will speak for itself. -John F. Kennedy
Rain, you need to stop. I need to see my #orioles thump the #redsox tonight, okay?
yay new jersaaaay! What's the website for music?? I'm in atl!
haha...i been slacking on my duties to stay ride or die....i'm here though always on time...;)
who oh ok
It's so nice there :) Headed back to this weekend
Very cool talk from DNA Electronic
What are you going sing?
my phones been deadd all day and I'm waiting for my chargerr ! :( I miss u... it's been like.. a day... =[ </3
i love you please follow me<3
LOL story of a girls life.
Who was the first one to realize Joey Fatone, who was the fat one in N'Sync, had a last name that literally said "fat one"? #toosoon?
i feel like making a cheese burger !!! mmmmh .
I didn't even read a page in the book and I think I killed the test. Look at all these dumbass who read the book still taking the test :)
Things people excited for their team to upgrade in the draft say ---->RT : you a Pats fan?
Crying. I dont like my hair at all.
Great #acehp12! Looking forward to learning from the pros: , , , , Thanks 4 following!
Thanks for inspiring the men of tonite in preparation for demo day
It puts the lotion on its skin.
UGH!!! Why does high school have to come with waking up early and learning stuff! as if were ever gunna use it again! lol
you know it brahhh(;
About 2 take stage 4 the comedy trifecta stage 2 n Chicago (land)
"no matter who you are or where you come from, you can find opportunity in Columbus" Nancy Kramer.That made me teary-eyed!
Give 'er all ya got DD! You can do it...the 10's are coming...even from DWTS' "Simon Cowell'! LOL!!
You KNOW it's Christmas when toy assembly for niece & nephew leaves you nearly shattered. Hearing "woahhhhh" on Xmas day...totally worth it!
"If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded." ~ Maya Angelou celebrating her 84th Birthday Today!
All caught up on all TV from last night, a few thoughts...
GOOD AM JUST LETTING U KNOW CALEB HAD A OK NITE R.T GAVE HIS LAST TWO TREATMENTS WHILE ASLEEP IM SO GLAD THEY DID HE FIGHTS THE MASH HUGS
You can't tell, but I have a sad face...I have to work!
Text/image relationships & filmic vocabulary will fly at our AWP Book Fair panel and screening, Writers and the Moving Image. 4:30, Feb 29!
ManU Report: Terry on England Euro roster despite racism trial (The Associated Press)
can I get a dj drop from you? Thanks.
Doesn't that depend on how you define "wealth" ? 8-)
I only have one speed, GO!
Me trying to kill an S word apparently means me wearing boots, holding a can of lysol and a swiffer, and standing on top of my toilet.
Garlic! I automatically love any place with Garlic in the name.
Who's going out tonight
I wanna go to a heat game.
can you explain to me why espn thinks fans of 28 other teams want to hear about sox/yanks all the time?
I think it is his railroad but not sure. Read it somewhere...
Just when I thought this show couldn't get more awkward...where did they find these men?
Thats a bold claim Mr. Batwing
Tiger seemed a lot less pompous and a lot more gracious than normal in that interview. Could his trials be humbling him?
BTW, you need to roll thru for brunch one day. Next session, July 3. Grub is on me, of course.
Dont trash yor cell phone-Recyle with us if you would like a box contact
I don't have mine on. All windows open. Lovin it. Welcome to Twitter, btw.
Two People + One Feeling = Love
This is the last of the SMS is it not?
Service was beyond awesome! !
I wish I had an XBOX though for HALO. haha
here is a good itinerary for you.Stubby's taps at 5:30. go get a Juliet and BCCS..should take yo to 6:40, then go to burnhearts
amazing inspiration from the late John Chamberlain Inpired by his maniuplation of metal and mass objects!
GAH. *Robert* Benchley. It's been a long day.
yes! They did! Just need warning so they can get work off. Sarah is the mommy I liked and meg the sister I never wanted :(
Only mediocrity of enjoyment is allowed to man. -Hugh Blair
RT Worthwhile report on #digitalpreservation of video and audio from Digital Preservation Coalition #DPC just publishe...
This cowboy seems a little too big for his britches ;)
#keywestsongfest #keywest we play Southernmost on the Beach Sunday at noon.
follow me? No? Ok, bye. D:
Good Morning my tweethearts! SN: remember being who u are is key! Illusions only last but for so long! Be ur #1 FAN believe in urself!
hot dogs for breakfast???they're kosher
Lesson learned, I loved Union Rags in the Derby because he had been in trouble and still ran big.Guess what,Union Rags finds trouble
YES! Victory is mine!
If I was going to sleep after 2 a.m. in Italy, I shouldn't really have jet lag, right?
Just hope i dont get lost haha probably gonna take my speed bike idk?
It's been an enjoyable day. Kids are all smiles. Mission accomplished.
Hi lucy how about getting me on some of those me pilots would like to join Aftra
wifi this, wifi that, wifi me ., it sounds iike a wife bitching..
Let's go Curtis Granderson. Big hit needed.
Pretending to read your birthday card after the money's fallen out...
Mubarak announces changes..but will stay in office until September election...isn't the news protestors wanted to hear
I have to check this one out... don't know how that could be argued paying him what they did and giving him the nod opening day
Met scientist from S. Africa who referred me to a scientist in NL doing research that can help my daughter's Phosphorus project!
Whao, chill bro.. You know you can't rasie your voice like that when the lions here.
Join Us at FHF's End of Season Thank You & Holiday Social this Friday Dec 9th 5:30-8:30 p.m. FREE. No RSVP needed. Invite others
Our latest episode being about time travel, we have to ask: What's your favorite time travel movie?
Go Pirates!
he so sexy.
Perhaps the most costly work & yet still cost effective was humbly expressed by one person for all ppl "It is finished..." ~ Jesus Christ
chirp..chirp..chirp
Holy awesome day, Batman! Selling art is fun!!! :D
True Fact Yunik is a Virgo
it gets better
#glee :D
How is everyone? We are enjoying a break! We will have songs and info about the EP up in the next couple of weeks! Keep a lookout!
you like diaz though right?
During Teacher Appreciation Week is there anyone who would like to #thankateacher? Let us know about that special
Sunday night fun...brushing up on OAI-PMH and OAI-ORE!
Love the "I like big books and I cannot lie" idea. 2 more awesome big books, The Historian and The Passage.
Starship Enterprise galaxy cruise to heaven
yay! good luck this weekend.
we're getting so close.....
Yesturday was a horrible day but I believe there's goin to be joy in the morning! I'm Blessed to be Stressed!! Think about that...
the hotel where we just had brunch has real alligators in the lobby
"i got 99 problems but cake aint one"
I need to get back to the DMV
Pink remote.
Carr's Hill Field
Safe travels! Remember you've got a friend in the City of Angels. Rock those jeans Ryan! :)
thanks for following
Beautiful dog Jeff. Sorry about your loss and I will keep him in my heart.
CANNOT FUCKING WAIT FOR WARPED TOUR TICKETS! I HOPE I HAVE ENOUGH
Good point A copyrighted 'data item' may have strict copyright constraints, but the metadata you have on the item may not
Teachers' first day is August 1...with a full-day conference on July 31.
Feeling a bit better..
you're disagreeing with me now, but its alright you're still cuter :).
Ask your mom if you can donate to Evelynn. your dad, whoever has a credit card.
I got meeting in the ladies room....literally. WOMEN BEHIND BARS
follow my new account?
That's not very genteel language, Dr. K.
Eating an ENTIRE hersheys chocolate bar was not on the check list today :( But some how I managed to finish that over anything else.
Holy shit. I'm freezing!
Got my floor length Victorian night dress, and a new edition of the boardgame Scruples.
Tony will celebrate by going to one of those non-political Glenn Beck events!
#WhenIWas13 we finally had cordless phones -- but they only worked in the house.
Californos is available for some 2011 wedding receptions! Our space and location are amazing, the price and food are other huge plusses!
Curled up w/coffee and my Hunger Games: Mockingjay...here we go.
wait... Mike thrasher... Really? We will pay you twice what he did to play at our doorstep with a thumb piano/eggshaker
It's 4:30?! oh my, today flew by!
I keep thinking about the times we were together. I miss you so much.
No problem feel free to follow me for travel/expat news, blogs and tips
Just touched down
Hahahahahahahhaa I thought you did
Memo from NHL to sabres: do not hit Crosby or attempt to beat pens. Our officials will stop you.
thanks for the RT. lol "Apple doesn't even have to try anymore."
Awesome, now I can finally do what I was planning on starting today at 9am !!
Shake and bake time at Las Vegas Motor Speedway!
We are so excited to be apart of Spacenets day of caring! We look forward to seeing all the photos!
Colgate introduced aromatic toothpaste in a jar in 1873.
One of the coolest things about being an actress is I get to be somebody else when I work. Hard to do that if you work in an ofc, huh?
Good call. Boys ARE dumb!
Yeah B*tch, Yeah B*tch, call me Steve-O.
Go global taking your blog around the world I'm ready Paris anyone
because i feel like it
Mom on phone discussing turkey-leftover recipes: "Some shredded turkey and rice porridge (congee) would be good!"
no problem! You deserve it!!!! <333
It is a little chilly in the fort today. Like.
Thanks! That is far more detail than I've found anywhere.
It confuses me when two bottoms date.....
Oh people pay attention - the beauty of twitter!
Just hit me 500 hundred dollar hit off wit cuzins, Thank god 4 it
dope! If i could score free tickets I'd go. Paid for nice seats on Friday so it'll be a one game trip for me.
- Thx! It was fun.
let's get it! I'm down!
Tammy Jean the beauty queen is a rhyme my dad has said for as long as I can remember.
In honor of 4/20 I'm getting a pack of candy cigarettes
U From da hood B
Planning next steps 4 R & D with & Talking thru middle school ideas
Where should I have dinner tonight?
Just got da hang of this!!! So late LOL!!!
LMAO. Perfect observation of the poor bastard
Got it - thanks!
lazy afternoon with my favorites ... loving life! ps CAPS
Cannot wait for bed! So much for yoga tonight!!
“: "BEAST"” solid pick but could of used upshaw
I'm probably averaging 4 miles of walking per day just getting around the hotel/casino/exhibition hall
Follow back
Thank you for the RT!
fun doing an audition with Ronnie Loaiza for a TV show today...have a great wkd !
OMG u r not my brother.
We received a pretty cool media contact today. We may be in a pitch meeting faster than we thought. Get excited.
how r u
remember to get your friends to the polls! He are on the cusp of making history!
I am not freaking out!! Lol.
if you DON'T know who Austin Mahone is go check him out & follow him! #YouWontRegretIt ❤
The live strings on "Marvin Gaye & Chardonnay" > ___.
just got dine swimming! Watching teen wolf right now!(:
you know i think i've found a twin,'cuz i'm just like you! (even if i don't like so much justin bieber) however nice to meet you!
Hi Eli! Can I interview you? Working on master's Digital Journalism after 25 yrs/print. Current: Advanced non-fiction writing
dude. Jugaloos have sex with each other. There's concerts. Festivals. Websites. Gas stations.
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one.
Haven't seen a goal in hours...
Asked by on , Rep. Israel (D-NY) predicts GOP Reps. J. Walsh (Ill.) and Ann Marie Buerkle (NY) will lose in Nov.
When Are U Coming To Louisiana
Sometimes I love my friends...right now is NOT one of those times
thx for the wine - you guys rock!
Earlier I photocopied my chesticles and showed my mom LOL. And Marissa photocopied her boobs hahahah.
Okay - downloaded and looking forward to it!
Mtv holiday party.. Best company party ive been to thus far.
have no idea. be performing at Six Flags this summer though. that's about as "TOUR" as i know right now. lol
It's like giving yourself a nickname.
Wich destination are you most interested on?
Alright. 1 more time D. #UWW needs to take advantage of these TO.
im glad that you show up and dance ... y'all the best!!!
...and speaking of stinks, there are enough people to fill a whole bus waiting for 's 16Y and yet it just arrived, already full. Yay.
gave me a nickname - Ashley "Lights Out" Maria - on the set of
Work and life is busy but hey!
It looks like Prince Tagoe and Charles Takyi did not make the final 23 man squad.
Go Chelsea!!!
im next to you now, bumming lol & i love you a lot!
RT : TODAY at 3:20 p.m. ET: Analyst Sam Panella will provide her take on Black Friday and Cyber Monday on CNBC's Closing Bell.
THOSE GUYS HAVE ALL THE FUN (ESPN) continues big demand; MISS PEREGRINE'S HOME FOR PECULIAR CHILDREN (teen) huge demand!
And when the radical priest come to get me released, we was all on the cover of Newsweek. (Sticks and Bones?)
oh shur I'm sposse to be studying but ahh well! please follow me friend! She loves you!!:o
lol ur making me wanna play Batman :-)
So thankful for and for being awesome friends. And most of all my beautiful amazing girlfriend
Big mac date later with <3
ALL OF THE PANCAKES THOUGH
Watching Valentines Day in 4th period
if you like my music you can buy my songs and t-shirts at reverbnation..support a musician. thanks peace and love sam thompson
whats popping tonight? square apple? beauty bar?
RT Boy niggas ride so much dick these days they dont leave none for the broads to ride. Smh.
Happy Sunny Tuesday fans! What is your favorite dance quote?
Tweet us the flyest photo of ya mother on mother's day so we can show off your love 4 her to the world! That's #TopFamEnT for ya!
Jenni Jenkins Celebration Class 1/29/2012 tickets benefiting , attend or support.
follow for awesome tweets! You won't regret it!!
Some tasty cocktails and a bit of Iberico Ham down in The Office to wind down a fantastic evening with the wife.
Her Face Got Mauled By A Bobcat, So She Wearing No Shirt In Her Twitcon
I just started talking w/ the MD Historical Soc. abt a #warof1812 editathon this spring or summer.
Film makers is not ready for this
Got my invite from Typecast, yahoo!
Let me take care of you, i'll handle this
ASPIRING ENTERTAINERS: Working hard but impatient because you get no love?
Happy Hour till 6pm ~ 1/2 price wine, beer & sushi!
At work on this beautiful day! Thank goodness its almost 5:30
aw haha hows that event going?
I’m not one of those girls who will sit there and let things happen. I’m a girl who will go out and make things happen.
Design challenge:Finding a metaphor we can all relate to. For youTube: Content as a smorgasbord of plates We can fill. #chi2012 .
You are doing the most up in that city! Get it!
I've got two words for you "mobile+computing." The sum of this often = Facebook or Hulu, but it can = productivity if you try.
The prospect of real actual sex frightens some nerds and makes them uncomfortable. Lol. It's out of their comfort zone!
Have fun! Feel free to share any moments of enlightenment along the way.
2/2 Reno Charter: "...who receive the highest number of votes must be placed on the ballot for the general election."
First time at Joe's crab shack
Kevin Garnett is such a piece of shit though. I wish Metta WorldPeace coulda elbowed him in the head.
Boys took the camper out of storage today and sent me on a mission to plan a trip.... Cabin fever soon to be OVER!!!!! Hey-Oh
Why do you feel this way? And is this a good or bad thing in ur opinion?
Adrien Brody is doing beer commercials. Another one bites the dust
I have a short temper for bullshit, when I pop we done it's a wrap I'ma take off on yo er time I see u
I wanna see darkshadows so bad :o
not sure why so many are having problems with the feed - it's been working fine for me since the beginning of w's. (Safari)
How can you put a % on a team that's not even Assembled?
#ThoughtsWhileRunning is running like a girl right now. Lolololol 😂
Natural is beautiful!!!!
appreciate it man but I'm not gonna be elgible since I transferred from a D1 school to another. I plan on goin to Juco in CA
I think I saw something like that at Otakon a couple of years ago.
Eat more veggies #madcow!
Hi Steve, any chance you still have that rfp tracker lying around. I am about to build a custom object.
I don't know anything about basketball but the only thing I know is I like Miami heat. So win what you gotta win #heat lol
my cat is affectionate but skittish at the same time. I rescued her at 8, I think she was abused or something.
Vodka has flavors that taste like bubblegum, cupcakes, and other desserts. My question: Does it make it easier to bang a college girl?
I hate when the person that's recording the fight never holds the camera straight and then post,it on
#RIP Whitney Houston we will miss you.
Speak softly and carry a big ass machete.
Today: Happy Monday! High of 82 and partly cloudy.Don't take the weather for granted by forgetting what state we are in
Thanks! We love that one too! :)
And then you're off to college baby!! Have fun my love!!
Yeah sure! :D
I'm glad you finally deciding to follow me! Guess who's moving back to MC!?
yay party time
You don't need tech. to create feelings, love, fear, hate, + passion. You need great storytelling. -Jen Maclean,gamedev
I love this song,it's amazing.
When faced with tough business decisions, data and analysis usually beat intuition.
Wendy's spicy nuggets >>
so I guess I tried... your loss
Because I can't say this enough. ;D #HappyBirthdaySamWinchester!! <3
Client: "That 1 idea may change my work scenario for the better." Need coaching?
On my way back to the D after the master class with I'm feeling inspired! WMU has some great players.
Al Bundy usually has the same effect on me.
“: U.S. Soldiers! You don't have to watch the season premiere of GLEE in secret any more!”
RT : First #Titanic exhibition visitors came after seeing a segment on
RT : Barker Town clerk resigns; says she can't perform gay marriages, cites Bible. . . . < And we'll miss her. NOT.
AMEN! RT : It's Wednesday. Chug more coffee.
For hassle-free auto repair and oil changes dial 405-887-2740. We come to your office,home or business
It's 2010, get smart, realize that humans are omnivores.
so what I got from this is the bee was minding its own business and you decided to ride your bike into its ass..... Gottcha...LOL
Love how real u r!Im from Ny finally here after 6yrs hubbys in military want 2 know how u like cali we r hoping 2 move th ...
for reals there was, we went to go wait in the car lol
:] you made my name L337
Thanx for being there and for the kind words.
not yet... but let me think about it. We could just replay last nights time mishap as a kicker... haha
Do contractors ever show up when they're supposed to? I've sure never found one that did...
Time for a bio change ;)
Watching the Tebow vs Brady game. Don't care who wins but I do wanna see what Tebow does. If he pulls this off, then WOW! #Proven Winner
I showed cami's friends a video of my bf & they all went nuts & couldn't believe that he was actually dating me. I not THAT uggy gaiis.haha.
Many thanks to Barbara Rockenbach for a great #skillshare12 panel on DH
can everyone follow me and i will follow back
Nice dress hmm that was you i guess tonight Hit me up next time ill make sure you get some VIp @ Reign
Our announcement has been moved from 5:30 PM to 6:00 PM. Stay tuned!
Had such a amazing weekend with my love! Couldn't of asked for a better weekend I got all her amazing kisses and all I love her oh so much❤
So many varieties of #cauliflower at #farmersmarket! White, yellow, purple! Beautiful!
