Ask away. It's part of your JOB. ;)
Let the craziness begin!
Pass the gloves!!!!
Welcome new literary friends
I'll ask you this if JoeMauer get 8*23M then what is Prince worth the same/more/less? they DO have 2yrs to figure this out?
thoughts on Urban Meyer as a broadcaster??
sounds delicious. Only if Edthel is involved, See you this weekend?
One must ALWAYS go in on a turkey sandwich
It's time for some laughs. www.freekshowradio.com
Fear is excitement in need of an attitude adjustment!!
OH NO! Nothing is worse than a headache resulting from a whiff of halitosis...NOTHING!
I'd kill myself but that's been done. Instead I'll bitch about my life.
betudontguess who the new TPE pro is.
This lady asked me for a size for thays guy shoe she was looking at, and I said I don't work here. -.-
And we are now back online! Thank you for your patience!
I'm happy for you!
Hey, Stella! Did you have a chance to read about ? I can resend the information if you need it again! Thanks! :)
My mom's having a full on dither spaz on the freak out scale.
Thanks for the follow Carlos!
(cont.)...but the Hot Topic dude actually did, because we couldn't meet you! I cried my eyes out! Do you remember them?
Almost out of Kentucky!!
I'm finding lately that meta amuses me. I give presentations about giving presentations and write about writing.
I bawled its so sad.
a welcoming committee and 24 hours to get rebooked to London on hopefully a non-explosive flight.
Listen for performing live in the big room at noon! Tune in locally at 102.5FM!!!
Trust me, it's just a little lie. Ha!
Overweight, anti-gay, unmarried. I mean its the most stuck record in the world.
i know your from Dallas!! that is so so so cool! like really cool! :) thank you for the DM to!! i screamed :o
I would die inside if followed me and rt this!
Friends of the Twitterverse, who are the top 10 entertainment agents in LA? I'm looking for my next clients. Free sessions 4 referrals!
SMITHTOWN, NY TONIGHT @ The MASONIC TEMPLE. 34 River Road. Be there!
I'm excited to see the Whitney tribute Sunday
La Blah Blah....Weber Grill enthusiasts who can't make up their minds.
Franklin St. Gym October 22nd , , and Dave Macedo will be speaking in what will be a great day of basketball.
Give the ball to Rice!!! Let's Go!!!
hehe that's a good one 😊
Courage is being scared to death - but saddling up anyway. -John Wayne
I dunno, but I'd keep some lube handy, just in case. RT : Can anyone tell me what "animal style" is at in and out burger?
I think we should put Jennifer Urban and Lydia Loren in charge ;-)
Nicest day in Seattle by far. Leaving Urbanspoon early to take the kiddos to the park . . .
We hope it's with us!
im heartbroken has a girlfriend</3
MT : My grandmother did a good job directing the Lionel Richie/Shania Twain duet video they're showing on this PLANE.
I got a call the other night... She said, "I read your book. It was enlightening. I'll never have another one night stand again".
when people take his cookies
GOOD MORNING;; I'm going out for a lovely breakfast with my wittle brother, and 3 of my Older Brothers! This shall be fun! (: <3
SINged. Supernatural meets a government conspiracy head on. Movie goes into pre-production Spring 2011. Keep your eye on it. If you can.
#irallstars User need at OR Pacific U: evidence for teaching evidence based practice. E.g. case conferences, faculty research.
Romania vows moratorium on shale gas exploration
Booked a supporting role in the comedy "Spaced Reality" shooting in Phoenix!
Having flashbacks to the great HBK-God tag team from years back
What's up with those faces Mr. S was making?!? Eww
Do you have a process that measures, ranks, and manages risk? Are you able to respond well to issues? Professionalize GRC.
Mixing "LIFE" sounding AcE! Nice one party music time Venice Friday come on down and pour something
Who's in the mood for a cocktail and some palm trees? Cocktails tonight 5:30 -10pm
Nice! Look fwd to seeing some B2B/tech brands on the list.
you welcome
Started ordering parts for my X-Wing pilot costume! Gonna be awesome!!
In a mastering session for my new single, Makin' Love. Yes my album is EPIC.
I'll make him get one. I I'm pretty influential.
By definition, leaders can't follow otherwise they are followers, not leaders... Think about that!!
Mashable is supposedly one of the most profitable blogs in the world o>O
playing a sick Radiohead cover!!!
Don't care.
Haha well that definitely makes sense
so were there hecklers?
New office location for #NNRC member, Bienenstock Reporting & Video - in downtown #Detroit. New facilities, excellent service.
Okay I'm Jk I'm not really puttin mine up here.. Oops
LostSpoiler: The Faraday arc was a great mind-bender. But, the ending was out of character. Dan wouldn't wield a gun or threaten to shoot.
I am addict too just not soda lol
I'm not laying on this bed depressed I need to go outside !
SO to UW Track on their B1G title. Sounds like Kyle Jefferson had a gutsy performance huh?
i don't rate JD like others but its hard to argue with results and he has produced with his time on the pitch
YOU: Hey Really Quick Text me His/her #.... Friend: Ok ima send it right now... "5min Later" YOU : Yo are you sending it or what...
it was the right thing to do :)
Excited about Jan 2-5: exhibiting ATLAS and sermon prep links on The Text This Week.
#occupyaustin at #sxsw :: The Commons: do we own City Hall? the sidewalks? the police? yes, we share them all ::
thanks Sarah!
Robert Reich~ In Washington its dog eat dog. In academia its exactly the opposite.
How many top ten teams do you have to beat to break 15? 12.5% of top ten losses (ESPN poll) to UW...
Do u have any tattoos?
Yo mama is so dirty,she makes mud look clean.
did you get in and out?
s/o to my latest and very cute follower
Let's Go #Rangers!
Check out to see what local museums are participating in Kids Free in October
S/O to all the chicks out there off my Mans jock... Gotto love it
Have you heard the joint we did with Babyface, Its called Guilty... Orphanz™
House cleaning before the Galaxy game. Drinking lots of water, too.
Is your office putting up a Christmas tree?
need to be sent to help fight these wars, put the enemies down once and for all, then they can all come home, party, and celebrate!
I don't understand. How can EVERY auto insurance company offer lower premiums than EVERY OTHER one? It is not logically possible.
How stoked am I for our din din tomorrow? Quite.
hanging out with Claire,Claire wants crackers now. (:
I live in Milw Cty and the fiscal responsiblity (and collection of leaders) is ridiculous. MPS is also an unsalvageable farce.
I don't want perfect. I want real.
Will you be attending?
What good do your words do if they can't understand you? - Analog Girl in a Digital World
Because, like Orville Redenbacher popcorn, the EKU Kernels always pop and rise to the top!
#YOLO RT There's going to be a FULL MOON in #Scorpio on Cinco de Mayo!! Get ready for passion & intensity.
Kirsch with a 2-out single.
#SCtop10 #LebronJames block on Derrick Rose from behind in the 3rd Quarter should make Top 10 on
I'm going to star your tweet right now.
me back 😜pwease
Happy Derby!
Wish I could trade my tooth fairy visits for a fairy that would write my papers...Guess I could hope for a genie, anyone seen one of those?
Sending good thoughts for Wes
Happy Valentines Day!! I <3 President Obama!! Click LIKE if you agree!!
Watchin the ridiculousness i missed yesterday lmao
35K Ft in the air, going 600 mph. Tweeting/G+ing using Chromebook provided by Google for Virginamerica flight.Thnks &
Just finished watching Alamar.Really terrific film!Definitely reminds me of my time spent in Costa Rica, especialmente Tortuguero.La kiero
Did you meet the incoming GM of New Mexico yet?
Watching the Phillies and rooting for the rain.
...Maybe it's me, not them.
Oh is that why he's like that. Consider the territory marked Alice. {winks & giggles}
You can't buy love, because when it's real, it's priceless.
Yay fantasy hockey!!
I know that feeling! I had one of those days too!
We have lots of films to book for Native American Heritage Month in Nov. See A Good Day to Die, Reel Injun, Barking Water, American Mystic.
I'm going to fix global warming. You're welcome.
You can call me o'brien from the way I be schemin'
flip a coin? but yes, we vote you should go. :)
can I get your number?
we are not old love c/o 84 just wise and sexy that's all
Hey , doesn't the removal of ships make Wake Island a bit of an odd choice? Ships were what made OG Wake so balanced.
What are your top two best practices for #smallbiz strategy?
Guys, I have plenty of Jabeneros left. Suicide Bomber anyone?
Team Edition of Total Blackout , Bloddy Hell ! I am so exctied ! :D.
Mayor Hancock: Uncapping, lifting the lid to a wider world for young people - also making them protectors of the world.
RT If you are tuned into #GDJB!
Wisdumb: two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.
Avoid using sub-bullets in your blog posts to keep from confusing your readers. Save the sub-bullets for PowerPoint presentations.
Come see us at at Booth 249 for our first #ASCD12 conference on March 24-26. We would love to speak with you!
I would totally Skee-bowl. What an awesome idea!
what happens to the kid that us to pay boom boom rockets now ur smokeing weed no good
Shea. All day.
We have lots of dudes in our Museum! May is Women Riders Month, so we are celebrating #harleywomen all month long.
when you start putting ANDREW first.
you know you wanna go to the same school as me 😏
mom:HAHHAHH Me: what are you laughing at mom: that lences plate has the number 69 on it Me : HAHAHAHAHHAHA OOPS I PEED A BIT
AUDITION: EpiPen Auto-Injector
no im pretty sure it's "color", I do not support any queens. My president is black, my lambo's blue.
didnt see your old tweet
u thank about it
Awesome Beef Barley soup at Waterfront Deli!
My self esteem is relying more and more on mentions and retweets. I hope my therapist knows what's trending with social media disorders.
that's also known as "Thursday in July," in Texas.
me and you both baby girl ;)
Anyone have experience running an #edcamp just for teachers in your own school? #edchat #ntamp I'm looking for tips! Tx!
Watchin' a horrible movie, but can't turn away...
": ": I wonder how Junes gonna be O_O"Fun cause I'll be out of school!! :) #Party" Go work at Hooters Jackie!!
Need Account Managers? Know what companies you'd like to see them out of? We can find EVERY SINGLE ONE of them!
I wish they would last longer!!! :)
FUCK YOU. I WILL GET YOU BACK!
Check out Stanley Turrentine Common Touch ...nice album
You haven't talked to in in weeks and all you can say is hey ? I'm over you
Good morning and Happy Yule!
It's time people recognize health care's real cost - #ForKenya RT : Fighting for #ACA isn't about politics. It is about people....
#sxsw Family of the Year easily one of the top three this week. What a great sound! Four singers, powerfully driven by a dynamo drummer.
I have no hw tonight but I can't even sleep -______________-
yes :P
hehe go for it.. sweep the board! :)
at the worship expo in florida. Surreal sometimes to think of where they're playing horn charts I wrote.
it feels so good to be back 'eminem voice' waduup Cuddy??
is frustrated
you don't exist anymore.. this has to be a fake mehreen account!
At Rose Garden today, 4:15 Indiana vs VCU, 6:30 Louisville vs New Mexico
Friday 2/3 : David Scheffer on his book All the Missing Souls: A Personal History of the #WarCrimes Tribunals - 11:30am in WB 104
its batshit crazy library customer night!
#neverfuller xoxo RT : Successful first BBQ of the season today. Thank you for your delish guac and burgers!
I, the Lord your God, hold your right hand & say to you, "Do nor fear, I will help you." -Isaiah 41:13
Sorry Jorge, you're a great Yankee, but you embarrassed yourself and the club tonight. Covering it up with an "injury" just makes it worse.
White chocolate mocha fixes everything, right?
i love u babe wait im single
oh, hmm. (who knows.)
Love Rondo , but it's a team game ,and that move hurt his team.He has to grow up and be a leader.
It is official. My job has made me stupid.
“: I did it - I passed my #CrossFit L1 Cert!! I am so happy!! :) #happygirl” congrats, now shape some lives!
Happy Hour was awesome tonight. Lovin it!
he's the Best Eva!!!
is your brother okay?
that would still be paying time, did not develop at college to handle comp??
#LetsBeBlunt I want to help all my fellow followers who are in foreclosure, don't be shy we can help!
Wow, lots of blog spam about the Zune. What's up with that?
Where is the best place to find local events happening near you?... bueller
Thank you so much, it means a lot to us!
Stop the filibuster!
My auntie just said I do it for the ratchetts lmao
Which is what I was doing. The other ones here aside from the one safe one I was stealing from is they are low power and secured
They say that time changes things,but you actually have to change them yourself
Went to Victoria Secret just to accompany and I'm the one that comes out with things. I can't handle myself... #guilty 😔
Actually, it was a little different than that, but you know what I mean..
BREAKING NEWS: Ron Paul will drop out of the GOP race. Rumors of his support for Mitt Romney to be revealed later.
Dinosaurs, china rose tea, Coconut twix, hoboscopes, and teaching Nikki stuff and showing her how to twat
I'm not falling for that. 10 more pounds to go.
Going to be at AHA this week & want to talk abt Challenge Grants? Email to set up appt or stop by the NEH table.
Hey! RT : "I'm a movement by myself...But I'm a force when we're together"—FABOLOUS, featuring NE-YO, "Make Me Better"
such is life
hope this year when i go to france none of my relatives dies like last summer._.
scooping a guy because its socially unacceptable for them to scoop you back.
So I'm n harlem right. An my man jus got a ticket for spittin on da floor. Like 5 cop cars pulled up tho. Smh
I haven't decided yet, Ms. Barbara. *contemplating the benefits of Friday's*
on WCCO Radio we hear from owners of a Jewelry store burglarized this morning. They're now the fourth store in a series of burglaries.
Just watched the #1 college basketball team in the country!!! 37 straight at Rupp arena
Last chance to be cast in these NY shows: May 3rd JULIE MADISON from ABC "ONE TO LIVE" & MAY 7th KEVIN KUFFA "LAW & ORDER CI"
Newly Launched Model Trains Site Offers Guidance and Information for Enthusiasts
Warren Etheredge talks with Hanson Hosein about Conscious Consumerism now on The High Bar! Tune in!
Hey man, do you do album artwork? I am looking for someone to do a good artwork, let me know man, if not, I'm sorry lol thanks
hoping my ink cartridge doesn't run out before I print out all the auction stuff to go to our 1st meeting...
Rolling silverware for life
yep yep :) its so packed!!!
Got your holiday card in the mail! Miss you :)
Good morning twitter! Treating my grandma to lunch at olive garden today and it still won't say how much I appreciate her. Grrr. ;)
Coming to tomorrow? Keep an eye on our tweets for special deals and fair updates!
how wonderful would it be if we went old school for a day & people would actually call your house line & ask for you by name?
those are great, thanks. Have you ever contributed to the community side of things? If not, why not?
Best kinda coma! RT : twin anchors
If you're not ever going to text me back, I'll just wait for you to text me first...
Loving how the #NUGGETS are more like a team since that ball hog #Mello is gone
Fit Tips: moderate exercise can reduce the risk of Mental impairment in middle age by 39%
Hope not, but honest is most important. :) Thanks, btw!
Afternoon beautiful people....
blog post drafted! Unwilling to publish without trusted feedback first though. Thank you, good night.
I didn't, sorry if it was similar :/
#TheVoice band is incredible.
I know right but this time it is like fosho fosho. You will know soon enough.
Ending the long hair experiment. It was miserable yesterday with long hair in 100 degree weather.
We'd love to help in any way we can. I'll DM you my email address.
if she doesn't have time for it, why is she even talking about it? Cute attempt.
yes what
At home. Watching shallow Hal(:
If 's horoscope is remotely correct, then tomorrow nights gonna be a
send them pics.
Only one night in Chicago and I got to spend it with some Giordanos pizza, Goose Island beer and an old friend. Thanks, chi-town!
lol illuminati. You still believe in santa and the tooth fairy too :P
Love is a powerful brother, hatred. Try not to offend the first because the other can kill you.
Something like this just don't exist, between a backwoods boy and a fairy tale princess.
I wouldbe probably piss myelf if followed me or something!
All the free gourmet food and booze I want... And I'm eating gourmet Mac n cheese and drinking Shirley temples haha.
be brainwashed and get hot with an amazing eargasm!!!
I'm wondering about 's choice to have conservative guests for sake of debate when we look to it as progressive space...
when are you and jesica gonna show me your cat daddy
RT : George Bush's endorsement will really help Mitt Romney nab the 'enjoyed-having-a-terrible-president' demographic
hi Sarah, saw vid and looked great to me, Audio was fine, Not sure what people are talking about? It's typical Boston weather.
There was a time when this world that we live in and the principles that we believe in were misunderstood and nothing but a figment of our
Good morning, how is everyone doing?
Vacation starts June 1st and I need some vacation ideas for Midwest. Don't wanna go further than 8 hours out of Chicago.
You know what today needs? Today needs the new Lauren Willig book, so it better be at the 5th Ave. B&N when I get there tonight.
Chad Wick has really demonstrated great servant leadership we should all be thankful for.
I don't fuck with that boyband in Miami. I am a Heat Hater... ccchhhhhheeeeeating asses
now why the hell would I wanna do that? Lol
Hanging with at #aasl11 to hear about Suoer 3.
#mobilityshifts critique, create, connect are the activities, especially tools, to transform education Shifting the University panel.
Supposed to do 1 problem for precal homework, but yet I still don't care enough to do it
I MISS U
bringing the iPod is a given -and, it turns out, a good laptop substitute!
thanks for the RT!
Tonight on I REMEMBER, famous glaciologist #WilliamOsgoodField went to the Caucasus in ‘29 and his photos are now at :30 on MPTV 10.
Few things are more beautiful than every time Ron Perlman speaks.
you guys are sick if you are ever in Colorado let's play a show together!
<--- love the picture ... Very old school!!!!
exactly. :) how are you?
Call or visit Gemini for our Black Friday deals! 412-243-5201
Marketers need to be at the nexus of analytics and creativity.
RT that was a classic Patriots drive. shit, AND they get the ball back first in the 2nd half. smh
And on day 3 he said: negotiate me a contract.
RT : Get #IntelIT Senior Integration ERP Architect Gerry Seaman's white paper "Migrating Mission Critical to IA"...
TLC is the best female group ever. HANDS DOWN!!!!!!!
haha yep, she was born Wednesday!
Iz that walking around in a black hoodie and white socks??? #UniversityofCinncinati happy uRe here. #CartoonsandCereal plz
as a zombie... do you feel some of the people you eat are too carby? :x
I hate when people take forever to text back "Ok" or "Idk." Pretty damn sure I deserve more than that. -.-
Miss Swan... Enough said 😚
Almost time for the Gators to remember who runs the SEC...GO VOLS GO!
Laughing hysterically at gender jokes. The students are getting the idea that it is ok to laugh too.
No more camouflage I wanna be exposed but not afraid to fall
My idea of a marathon: three movies back to back.
congrats, my man!!!!
i am on post limit & its only 1 . wow is that a new record or something ?
Gotta love sending me constant updates, videos and photos from Opening Night!
Attention hot single dads: If you're looking for a smart, sexy and strong woman, hit up Don't be a douche!
follow me plz
Crank yankers, can always make me laugh.
“: People just be mad gritty tho...” 
Just heard Top of the World by made my day at work so much better
Thank you for everything yesterday! Your event staff members are superb! Look forward to seeing you all again.
RT : Dirk on Game 4: "It's basically a must-win situation."
Hope you can stop by tomorrow! :)
RSVP: S Pictures/Crystal Lake
THE EDGE OF GLORY. Yes.
We are thinking of cruising to Alaska for our honeymoon!!! Anyone every been?
Welcome to the circus , I hope you enjoy the show! : ) I truly appreciate your support!
Aw my word!!!! Cuteness overload! <3
Finally found my coffee replacement...black tea with natural sugar and lemon. Still has a lot of caffeine tho...
ur so lucky!!! and i hope u had fun at the afterparty!
Oh how I wish I could go to Austin's concert.<3 Tell him to come to Minensota. He's got a lot of mahomies here.
Good to hear!
Thank GOD for padded bike seats. I don't like it when it hurts down there.....No sir.
Join our mailing list and get 20% off your next order!
Chillin' at Broadbent arena waiting on Matthew West, Royal Taylor, and Casting Crowns!
Holla at me, the one and only catman checking in, lol
I Wanna Go See "Think Like A Man" Again , That Movie Was Too Funny :)) <3
that's sucks u on lock. Wait what u mean on lock. Lol
Whats up? Happy Sunday :-)
his flow is sick in that one. Here's a thesis for them niggas with the pieces like recess. Haha.
I just want you that's it. All your flaws, mistakes, smiles, giggles, jokes, sarcasm. Everything. I just want you.
NICE!!!! I'm playin Excursions by ATCQ
A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me, I'm afraid of widths. ~ Steven Wright
Bout to register to take my SAT in may
a Leo women love to show off their many talents
Izabella , One Of Our Senior Company Girlz Is Makin Twiiter(:
Take No Chances
What do u think of this Joe? has 2 be in there is athletic Gaby to LF LoMo to 1B? Hes played corners
don't you have some fun techie pre opening night things to be doing?
It wasn't school John disliked, it was just the principal of it.
FYI your credit score is very important
#OhMyGoodness Jesse u look SO SO #damn #sexy in this pic! Like, seriously, u look fuckn good man!!!! :]
Wonderful to hear! Let us know how/if we can continue to be a resource for you.
Who wants a mustache ride.....
aww used to do that
remember that time burnett tried to bunt and broke his face
"Yeah im choose , yeah im choose , that girl choose me , here we go" 😍---->> lol love that line for some reason ! Gets me hype
#CocktailCulture was super fun! Was great to see some of our President's Circle supporters enjoying this fab exhibit!
haha, yea. It's ok, my friday night is that + writing code + watching my foot bleed.
Thanks, Trav. I think it will be a good trip. Jason's coming along, and he loves Idaho. :)
Who else only buys tires from Les Schwab?
“: Vigo the Carpathion from the 1590's and Michael Bolton from 1980's look way to similar to not be related.” GBII mentions=Gold!
I like this as a good general attitude about life RT I would follow me on twitter.
Morgan ..why is your about me only say "my crib(;" ? Haha
Miyamoto is growing! We are currently looking for a structural engineer with a masters degree and 8+ years experience to work in our LA off…
baseball is...having your dad pick you up from school to go watch the game.
In math...ugh.
Blaming it on Halloween. :)
ya probably...its never an improvement on my attitude when I come here. Haha, when will the pros beat the cons, when?!
damn it feels good to be a gangstaaaaaaa
when someone says I ship, Larry , or ziam , what does it mean?
RT All I know is this- if we head to overtime, it's going to take Ed Hochuli 90 minutes to explain the OT rules...dude is jackd
any clue what time that game will be played?
If you are human...you could be wrong...some of us concoct all kinds of delusions to keep from coming face to face with that reality...
Thanks for the follow Jane! Catch our Plush show on March 22!
#kids Little Lambs Story Time at North Hills Alliance Church, Tue, May 15 10:30a: Little Lambs Story Time is a program of songs, rhymes,...
Obesity, Prevention, and Health Care Costs - Brookings Institution
Yeah I'm not doing this worksheet
Who is your pick for today's race? I am going with Dale jr!
shower curtains bath mats rugs
Poor Leaf wearing the Cone of Shame. Hope he feels better soon.
lets get together soon and shoot
Thanks for the FB add. Please check out the RockerFoxMC page on FB. It's a page for women riders. Have a great day!
new favorite song ~ pumped up kicks <3
Unless they're multiplying life lol
Backwards Day
Our band is fucking falling apart. Me & Andrew keep fighting about dumb shit. I'm about ready to get new members for the band.- Tori
Can't wait to read 's sketches. AFTER I DOWNLOAD CELTEX!!!! pdf's are clearly too complicated.
To create art about life, we need to first live it.
Why would you ever be self conscious about having awesome shirts?! That's just silly.
i like red!!
Jets are a 3 point vegas underdog vs. Colts
thank you
Cool! Nice to mt u! RT Hey , meet She was in Peace Corps, met her husband there & owns a plot of land in...
Gmail is home, but I also have about 7 tabs open at any given time!
Lard might be alright in moderation- I just would not eat a lot of it
3 months ago when I talked with friends about voting for Fletcher, everyone said there was no way he'd win. Now...it's a real possibility!
RT : Eat Well DC is donating 10% of their dinner proceeds to SOME. Visit Commissary or The Heights tonight! cc:
I have some good instincts
Back to work. Testing my new Revit Plugin on coworkers computer. Hello World!
#FF to our new followers! Can't wait to tweet design with you!
so i mention to someone that I'm learning how to speak French, they say "awesome, they speak that in Italy right?"
Okay so I rush to get ready and my bus is 25 minutes late /: fml
no problem ♥
me you in Lonnie
All we do is watch movies
Live demo? These dudes are brave.
Calling it. Worst slam dunk contest of all time. Howard? Blake? Man up for the fans!
Hm, do I watch Mega Piranha or a Classic Who episode?
explain why I can watch Ohio high school fball and seton hall bball in HD but UK basketball isn't shown in HD on FSSouth?
WEDNESDAY: #closeGITMO to SHUT DOWN #Guantanamo #Bagram & #Afghanistan #detention sites
“: The way Mahomies say Austin 'changed their life.' Excuse me, but what has he done other than singing?” everything.
RT If you want to leave a footprint, don’t drag your feet,..
again I gotta give u props for that remix
whose in for a bit of sun, fresh air and Spanish flair? RT: : Heading over to 20th and L street tomorrow!
If was president, straight marriage would be outlawed.
Have u guys seem Lark Voorhies (Lisa Turtle from Saved by the Bell), she looks way different 😳
RT : Now we're at the press conference on the hill!
stay up Cain
Bout to go fishing alone
birds of a feather..
#c4l12 Stagnation (far) more evil than taking reasoned risks...a bias toward action.
Thursday - 4pm - hope you'll be watching.
Just inhaled a burrito bowl. In public.
"We Jam Econo" is on Netflix. I highly recommend it if you care about the Minutemen.
(c) Also, he has Mahomies out here who are dying to meet him!!! Its a dream for me to meet him! Please!
I'm having a hard time "re-posting" all my blogs & well, my ENTIRE website since it was completely all lost. Just feels crappy.. :(
i was cashing a trump check donald trump lmaooo love u i am very Rich Bitch
On the way to South Carolina! 😁👍✌
If you need a Temp Producer, go to www.OregonTVfilm.Org. We have good handwriting for cue cards too! But we don't do Bird tricks
"I think my mind blown, I barely feel my feet...I'ma hold my head high even in defeat..."
haha hope ur well! let's connect on phone soon
Getting off work early? Join us for happy hour!! Going on now & featuring $2.50 Longnecks, $3 drafts/wells & tons of food $3-5!
Why Less is More: Reducing paper in your Law Office means only authorized people can access a digital doc. Less Paper = More Security
: the old one stills comes up
I'd be happy to fling a poopy diaper at the offender
Oomf need to txt me
Please Enter your labels to New Label Contest coming for Please share with friends!
Apple University is bringing in to speak, I highly recommend going if you can
Public Market opens at 10am? How does something that calls itself a market open at 10?
its true and you'll be in trouble. I can't believe its already 8
I'm not sayin Lebron isn't good but he's def not the best. Everyone on his dick acting like he's the best thing since forever
Beautiful voices!
Actually this show sucks
Omg! I didn't realize you were a singer! I checked out ur y,t, videos. LOVE the fishing song! btw... i dont like to touch worms
#kids LEGO Robotics & SOCCER! at Pine Richland Youth Center, Sat, May 12 7:00p: Does your child love LEGO bricks? Soccer too? Join us...
Down south we go. That's not meant to be dirty
my new follower is from Belgrade (thx ). Perfect example that #socialmedia about shared passions w/ no limitation of distance.
come on wit it....
LOOKING FOR SOMEONE TO... design an all html5 e-commerce site for me full of threejs effects and put it on Shopify... for a modest budget?
love ya khlo how do i get a tweet from you??? you are my inspiration id love to hear from you!
Everyone please have a happy and SAFE Memorial Day!
On the weekend, I miss a lot of awesome shit, bc I'm too exhausted from all the awesome shit I do during the week.
Sam---I think you're putting energy into something that isn't real. But think what you will.
*Turns to * and say I am not a hater
it was good :) , for you?
it's cum
the black ones cooler but there both beautiful!!!<3:)LOVES YA JUSTIN
I still aint graduate yet. "She wanna hit me on tha iChat, toss her up, then I stuff it where her draws at" ~Bawse
why did so many unknown numbers text me Happy Mother's Day?? I'm not a mommy!!
Grand Slam Pedey, Please!
dramatress ---> skyerobhill. Because sometimes I forget my own name.
If they don't matter, why get mad? RT ": I get so irritated & annoyed about BULLSHIT and people who DONT fucking matter to me ."
I love your new twitcon :)
It's such a nice day, I woke up, went for food, and went back to bed. I'll let everyone else soak up the sun. :P /nightowl
#NP We Belong Together - Mariah Carey
Lol! RT : Now that the #Blackhawks season is over I can start paying attention to the 2013
hey why not?
I spent some time with my kids today in the incestuous swamp known as Roosevelt Park.
Hey Matt Cavanaugh you may want to have a brain scan if you truly believe Tim Tebow has good mechanics
I Excel in da Swag dept
Well done!
RT ": I need a best frand."
cool ! Seems like a fun job!
AS FAR AS WHAT COMMENT LOL
alcoholic I assume. I made one up earlier this year. Pistachio Liquor, Bailey's Irish Cream, frozen bananas, ice
oh dude I'm sorry for whoever this is for, you seem cool
I've just been convinced to both get a dog and start taking LSD.
NBA: Magic exec: Howard, Van Gundy can co-exist Orlando Magic senior vice president Pat Williams would like to see star center Dwight Ho
Saw #Artexpo, #TheUngovernables at #NewMuseum, #CindySherman and #Sanja at the #MOMA. What a great trip to #NY! Exhausted...
Just asked a CPD how to spell Daley Plaza. He was cool about it.
TCGD... bids building... WILL go much much higher. Look at L2!!! Insane how high this will go... SLAP THE ASK!!!
my summertime love. 🌴💜
There's no one right way to grieve.
This Friday is gonna be bananas!!! #lux0511 is almost here hosting by Me and live performances by and Armstrong
waaaite, your not following me. Lol
Not if a hungry Panther gets to it first.
Yay!!! gets a fantastic new receiver in Justin Blackmon!!!!
can you hang
If Your A Girl And #YouWannaImPressMe kill me once in Call Of Duty
love/hate relationship, YEYE! BIEBER GOT SWAG..
bro yes I am. And I'm beastin foo!
Peace is the deliberate adjustment of my life to the will of God.
A new Java exploit has been released. Update your #java now!
NEED A DJ FOR YOUR QUINCE OR SWEET 16!! CALL OMEGA PRODUCTIONS AT 2102624503 WE ARE SAN ANTONIOS NUMBER 1 DJ COMPANY!
Signed up @ Garfield Park Cons. 'cause CHC didn't have March dates open yesterday. Could get a refund. Should I/Is one better?
Wdf dese niggas is throwing snowballs on the bus!
And now he just said lebron gonna lock up k.d, lmao wat!!!!!!!
wow that's awesome. I'm not sure what that is, but if ur excited then I'm excited with u. :-)
What's the 9 foot power cord for??
Happy Mother's Day to all the women that aren't nearly as awesome as my mom
sup bro..
I just died from happiness :) ICONic Boyz on ABDC dancing with 8 Flavhaz
ok well ill be there at some point so yeah lol
WOW! Thanks for all the DWD tips :)
Last test of the year lets go Erik you can do it!!
bout to go walk my bitches.
Can't believe spring soccer practice for my daughter starts tomorrow!
We agree! :) RT the best way to start a day is to get up and get active! Doing Fit is the way to go! Yay TWYLS Brooklyn!
Just bought an adorable stripped summer dress at Francesca's...20$ halsted and armitage. LOVE it!
Follow and RT this msg to be entered to #Win an AmEx Gift card. Winners contacted bi-weekly by direct msg! Follow & RT RT RT
No matter how manly my voice is, I still sound like a faggot ordering a smoothie.
I hate insecure girlss .
Tomorrow's the day! Extended hours and DOUBLE REBATES on qualifying Step Up to instruments. For details: 1.800.382.1099.
Thanks. Like JB, this time I'll get to the National Railway Museum in York, not just the Minster, lovely though it is.
don't scare me like that:))) I love you! Thank you!
RT : Whosits and whatsits [hooz-its and wuh’ts-its] n. - Unidentifiable objects found under the sea. See also: Gadgets and gizmos.
Ready for ... Love Mondays
RT : Had great reputation design sessions at workshop w/ & others. Now headed to Denver
Greetings #Maddow fans!
HAHAHAHA that's hilarious! I love it!
that's exactly it haha!
how you doiaaa? (Wendy voice) imu ;-)
what's the move
I new it had to have been something of that nature, but hoping it wasn't. We send our love and prayers 4 her. Have a safe trip.Xo
either of you watching state of play on bbcA? 6 part journalism/politics thriller with harold saxon!
Finally in bed. And... goodnight. ✌
Like the 'gem' analogy. Thx for the shout-out.
awww enjoy Nashville! it's been beautiful out lately, please enjoy the city while you're here!! :-)
It's my 235th birthday tomorrow. I was 37 when I sewed the Star-Spangled Banner. Any guesses as to how I would have celebrated in 1813?
it's charlie! He's real!
strikes again
Yes in sure time!! ": we shall come up with somethin!!!"
I really wish I had some converse
I want school to be over already! 👙🍸🍻🎉
My son wants Madden 12 for the Wii, think they have the turning off the lights option for the 9ers?
night Rigger
It's all in your mind punk so keep your head tight (luda voice)
Love this quote!
Most girls on Facebook have more problems than a math text book.
Lets go smackdown
Steve Carell's last episode on The Office is such a tear jerker.
"The journey of a thousand miles Begins with a single hop." zen Bun wisdom
I have a cousin who was a police officer there - he could probably beat those haha!
shame on u hah!
Good Night (:
in, hip-hop is like a WWE Tag Team Wrestling matchplease retweet
I used to really enjoy reading your tweets, but you've blocked my other account - (I only use that account) ;(
/// Check your email my dude.
Taco Tuesday without me is just Tuesday with some tacos.
RT : #PennAW don't forget to stop by the Bookstore this weekend, and check-in! 4square special will get you a free tote bag.
FB made it easy for us 2 stay in touch while keeping a distance, So we just stayed distant & never touched. Now all we do is poke too much
Taking an hour+ to drink your coffee on the couch might be one of the best little moments of vacation.
Hey, are you open to working with agencies for these roles?
DEA apologizes to college student left in cell
I gues that's my key to leave
Give me a sign
John Legend 'Heaven Only Knows'
Getting out of Chipley this weekend may be exactly what I need.
There was never a genius without a tincture of madness. — Aristotle rt
Join SECO and Bomshell Saturday night at the Marriott Marquis!
Not so sure about Miguel's relationship status. We'll ask him & see if it's ok to tell people over twitter...he's kinda shy
“: How did I manage to gain followers today?! You read the bullshit I've been tweeting!?” cuz ur hott ;)
Sometimes the hardest thing for a musician to do is lay back.
you have 12 followers
We will look into the problem, Thanks for the notice!
Any idea how many protesters are getting arrested?
Craving sushi 😄
that's awesome!
Wow that sounds awful (The milk part. The vodka looks amazing)
Fuh. I am exhausted.
I need to stop being so pessimistic, but people just keep reinforcing it.
Not yet, but hopefully soon!
Good movie. Definitely a classic.
Thanks for the laugh. :-)
Been doin dis for a while so u cant say im new 2 dis im proving shit stay updated like news bulletins...
I love you!!! thanks. I miss you too!
Renault Duster launched with amazing offer - Oman Daily Observer
What should I youtube?
We finally got some iPads for our company, me included. Developing for tablet display is exciting for us, the user experience is brilliant.
Most people struggle with life balance simply because they haven't paid the price to ascertain what is really important to them.
I'm glad you experienced it! So yummy!!!! :D
No chance LSU looses at home.
Money makin mission.
#mycrazyobsession when someone says a phrase and it reminds me of a song :)
That's what impressed me the most. The movie had a lot to going on yet it felt both big and small at times. Masterful.
Go Cats!!! RT : Chris Carter just hit his third homer of the day. It is the sixth inning. #roadsweetroad. Cats lead 9-3
Just finished #turbofire & after a year it is STILL hard !!
We are excited for today's staff lunch at !
Thanks for the love fam
Taking myself on a dinner and a movie date. I think people in general get scared of a little alone time but I really like it.
Two best things to be called by someone with an English accent after doing a trick for them: "Conjuror" & "Cheeky F@$&."
The 3400+ kids are gone, #muwbb got the W, and my ears are still ringing...another successful MPS day game in the books.
People still say "Yo."
My grandma just said is "very good looking"
did u know an earthquake on december 16,1811 caused parts of the Mississippi river to flow backwards!
Ah, local SEO, how I hate thee! Thank goodness for Whitespark (citation tool) and Everclear (the band, not the booze) :)
Need a new spot to eat at in Atl who know some good spots?
Proposed Midtown Budget for FY2013 is now on our website.
so I'm on my phone and it tells me that is not following me? WHAT THE?!?!
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work. -Emile Zola
Auditioned for East Highs Womens Choir(: I think I nailed it(: now to wait till she posts the results after Spring Break!
Raise the...white flag? RT : James McDonald in the on-deck circle if Alvarez gets on.
u inspire me to do music..nd i hope one day i would be as successful as u r today
I'll say it right now: if the #BourneLegacy teaser trailer doesn't win at Awards this year, I'm pulling a Kanye on stage.
I really need a new avi or twit pic, whatever you call it.
Dreams don't come true unless you continue to grind & make them happen.
Hello Tweeter, thank you for the follow. I look forward to learning many things from you in the venue of whatever thanks again.
Church in the a.m. giving thanks for HIS blessings. Jazz rehearsal then an r&b hit Center in the evening.
But it's 6 games...
hahaha so true!
Seals & Crofts - We May Never Pass This Way (Again) - 05:41 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Correction on the hashtag RT : We do all of this at Georgia Tech
"why do you like licking buttholes?" "because it's the prettiest star you'll ever see!"
yea man me either I was skeptical of suits everyday but I'm into it now.
ACTOR friends: CASTING an 18+ TPY male actor who's got great skills & can play a creepy kid in my web series. Send them my way! Thanks!
Though now I totally want to go to Montfair and Misty Mountain.
is Playing the Stork Club in Oakland - Thurs, Apr 2nd
Boko Haram causing chaos in #Nigeria. 'May split the country', according to John Campbell of Council on Foreign Relations
uh oh..... shits about to go down in 2012, you will see a lot more of and I
this summer :)
follow back?
My dad literally overreacts for everything and then he always takes everything away. Thus again shows why i dont like him at all.
RT: just drop the damn video you vagine
i'll be here for a bit
Please follow me I will do anything!
SMILE TODAY: D that tomorrow you may be missing a tooth ...
No worries. Have a good time! Hope to catch up soon.
u never fail at this.again i love it girl!
Anyone know the civil war guy from American Idol last night? I'm dying to know more about him and his "non-hippie" dad. They're special.
You're really sweet.....that is all.
This crowd sucks! make some fucking NOISE!!
RT : 50% of companies to use social media recruiting the next 12-18 months primarily to identify new talent pools....
"Ham" is coined from an expression used to describe early radio users who sent Morse code (i.e. pounded their fists). GOING #HAM !
would like to wish you a happy birthday!
6th time this year can't refill a prescription properly w/out several phone calls.Been on hold 3 times for over 13 mins ea.
Psyched for our return to dance on nov 5! Discount tix on sale now thru janefranklin...
Staying in so I can write usually just means falling asleep with my clothes and lights on
missed you more!!
thanks . . . You're welcome
Eating #Sonic and reading #AGameOfThrones. Between that and being relatively handsome and healthy, life is good!
I will also accept Happy Obama-endorsed-same-sex-marriage Day if you don't celebrate birthdays.
Which HR applications does your company use? Does it currently meet the needs of ALL your stakeholders?
First nights sleep in weeks with no stressful dreams. Feeling like a human. Looking forward to socializing tonight. Sounding like a robot.
No problem man. That joint went hard Fam. did his thing as usual.
Wondering if all Mac & iPhone users & such were like us today - nodding in homage to the passing of Steve Jobs each time we hit the keys
Cant sleep knowing its a great big world out there !
"#Art is the only truth" please include
you shouldn't drink Resin. It gums the plumbing up.
Jn 16:13 However, when the Spirit of truth comes he will lead you to the complete truth
You'll love it. Trust me. Trying to see if I can swing another show in the Meadowlands in Sept.
Time for my hard work and years of mixing to pay off. Sending my media kit out to the record lable execs.
They can sit at the end of "It's a Small World!"
Clue: if you're trying to get a show at Red Space you'd better not make that face when I ask if your series on geniuses includes any women.
I rent cars through Zipcar for work and they all have people names like "Bill" or "John". I just rented "Shaniqua".
justin FOLLOW ME and please come to BUlgaria :)
More collaborating with we might as well change the name of our address to 300 French Street, Jaunt Land, NJ
We're so happy you've joined us to kick off spring break! Have a wonderful time!
I'm by now. What about you?
im on day ten of my cold. Sudafed the last two days has helped
Hm! Not sure. Have been swamped with work today so haven't had a chance to read my newsfeeds.
I aim to please!
Yep. That terrible eyesight seemed to work in 08. RT : What Nate needs is reverse LASIK. That's what messed him up.
What kind of Camera did you shoot that video with?
Use people's first names- it'll make them feel better!
How is your rainy Monday so far? Let us know how the commute was after the long weekend
The new chipoltle chicken & cheese sandwhich from subways is delish! Makes you wana rub one off to enhance the pleasure.. Go try it now!
Groundhog won't come out. That means six more weeks of Occupy.
doing well! I saw you were following me so I returned the favor. Hope you are doing well to!
you are so welcome!!
Thank you Father for all your strength and Blessings!
A giant thank you to all our students who are sharing their #MyHostFamilyIsAmazingBecause stories. We love them! Keep 'em coming!
We are in the theatre now, but have we mentioned how much we LOVED rehearsing at ?! Great spaces, great staff - check 'em out!
So you want us to kill the Chinese?
"I just spelled humanities, humanitities..." hahaha
Walkin into my exam fresha than a mofucka. Last two today then summer!!
I luv dat song...i bet yhu can do the dance she does....OF COURSE yhur an amazing dancer :)
I wish I could be but I live in Oklahoma! Will be seeing it here soon tho !
I know its all about $$, pleasing the party and keeping corps in America but there has got to be ONE PERSON who wants to do the right thing?
insert "please" & exclude "f"
so the hot, terrible chick (Marnie) from 'Girls' is Brian Williams of NBC Nightly News' daughter. This has probably been discussed already.
Well it's a big fluffy spot to sit.
Most people submit Word files; have developed a lot of macros that do the markup 90% (place, person, school names = done individually)
Congrats ladies! RT : Congrats to Jenna LoVasco and Monica Cassola for being selected as Salem News all-stars.
Tired, just want my bed and a cup of tea 😌
Sad I won't get to see you on the concourse. Good Luck tomorrow :)
dang i love how people just wish u wasent smexy as hell (tweekerz) like real talk stop fuckin tweekin my fuckin life like..
Done! RT : Hi Erika. Our apologies. Please email with your Trip ID. Thank you.
Re. systems: We don't have to stick w/ something just bc it's always been there.
Making Shrimp and orzo dish with basil and grape tomatoes. And... I'm gonna do my first Bikram double tonight. Two classes, one day.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there. Bo Jackson
<3 you! Thank you for all your support and positivity. It's really helped to keep me focused!
I didn't say I didn't like it. Just a lil reach. He would be there at 37. Cleveland really needs playmakers but I'm good
Living next to the baseball diamonds is kinda cool.. but not when I'm trying to sleep in
"It has transformed American politics." -- Jonathan Alter, Newsweek
misconception: Alcohol helps u #sleep. Reaching for cherry juice is a much better choice. Let's be real, #wine is more fun in a hot jacuzzi!
Happy mothers day to all moms :))
New memories coming your way!!
Not sure you can say "opposite" if it's att 10% more support among Whites thn Blacks. Might call that "slightly more" not "opposite."
RT : My Asian friend failed his math test.
The creepiest commercials come on... on Pandora. :(
reff at volleyball so looked like will ferrel! even had a picture of himself in the #buddytheeelf costume! bahah
I am sure of one thing- their agent will advise them to buy both to get a 15% discount regardless if they need either.
Wow, wifi and programs at MCP + means I won't fall asleep after all. Like a bad high-schooler at
So glad you liked it! Thanks for braving the weather and joining us.
It's bigger, it's better and it's prettier. Really it's just a big iPhone, but I love it. I have Draw Something, Netflix...
ESP vintage serious
So double issue day IS THE BEST DAY
he should say an educated populace helps create jobs.
- "We three temps of Travail are, finding work we travel so far, field and fountain, moor and mountain, following TRAVAIL star.".
I used to hit my mom, not proud of it just truth of struggles to self regulate emotions.
I wrote my first short story in her 4th grade class.
Stay tuned...for many surprises shall be revealed in the near future!
Blue Revolution
Rebalancing the interactivity in "Fieldwork" so that the software is more focussed and patient. Now the guitarist needs a similar upgrade.
One Direction "* YUMMY " ;)
and a bit blonde. I had this idea to do information for blondes on YouTube...wonder if anyone's done it? it would be purty funny
When the user clicks the Like button
-- can't get my bill straight since June, since plan change, even though every months supports swears it is fixed.
i um love u
An old wushu classmate did motion capture for Star Wars Kinect. She is the master light saber trainer.
Also MI 4 was absolutely excellent
The contrast created by a variety of #plants will add throughout your #yard & help you create a breathtaking landscape
#FIFY MT : What's silly is Dempster has 36 K's/35 inn with ERA of 1.02 and his record is [why wins are dumb]
Had a superb evening with the lovely !
“: I'm determined for a birthday retweet!” happy birthday!
finally finished my hair
Just tapped Mac and Jack African Amber.
thanks u should join our team
I live in LV. Let me know how I can help!
I know. If I'm hungry later, I'll just squeeze the beard.
hahha...nice..where?....this starts *the tour* (as in yours), huh?
I caught up with most of Grimm already. Can't wait!
is a legend. and i dont care what she has to say about it!
Glad to hear you are in good shape as . Just read Stephen's blog post that is good too.
Much love to the homies and for kicking off Punk'd tonight! Congrats on some funny ish!
you're welcome
I have a stupid canker soar on my tounge and it hurts reay bad :/
a state cop goes to my church and told us
I dont understand hashtags. #confused lololololol see what i did there?
#488 Your icon is really pretty and I love your bio:)
drank up all the whiskey. partied every night .
We're he man woman haters... We can't deliver no love notes <3 the little rascals !
I live here. there is some beauty to be found but you do have to go looking for it.
THAT sounds like code
Is #google down right now? I seem to be able to access everything but G at the moment....
ok, that was a good one
. thank you beautiful<3 you're such a sweetheart :)
Which means that they have more than twice the avg. of the harder sp ed cases.
I'm not your servant I will fetch myself a beer and you can watch me drink it.
I am addicted to On my iPad
Why am I always wearing a dark shirt when working with flour? Guess I need to learn how to wear an apron. ;)
You talk to him thinking that all your problems will go away and he will make you feel better...NO! He makes you feel so small.
you can imagine all you want, you still need access. you need opportunity. the same as others
Thanks Tricia, same goes to my favorite OK family
So true RT : What is the first thing you offer a digital native when they open an account? Checks?
#3 reason to be at #partyrock Wednesday: you and all your FIRST TIME FRIENDS will enjoy the VIP lounge with Free In-N-Out!
free throws for the rest of the game
Has anyone used classdojo.com? Is it worth the trouble?
Knock knock? "who`s there?" kiss. "kiss who?" kiss me
cant stand bitches who whore to get what they need bitch get a job a real one!!
and you followed me first so apparently you cared what I had to say. lmao. dumb ass talkin stuff to a 16 year old..ha get a life
what are some of the bands favorite praise and worship songs?
Movie night with my sis and ellie! Yeah buddy! I love you guys! :)
Interviews are going well, looking for an artisan pie baker... Line cooks in the next few weeks, will keep posted
Something I learned recently: getting connected is great, but focus on being a connector of others too!
Not if you only know . Also, the flights to and from are double.
I dunno the next part...
HIGH FIVE
I still only eat dinosaur oatmeal...
I rode a horse today
M I like
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." -John D. Rockefeller
My big issue was that they kept asking him why he would lie. I was like look at him! Big black guy. He's assumed guilt.
I had a wierd dream that the #royals traded Hosmer for James Shields.
Watching The Great Khali wrestle is like watching a flower bloom in real time. A big, awkward-dancing, stiff-legged flower.
we are thinking maybe June.. A friend of ours invited us.. She lives in Dallas I have no idea where tho
Xavier Nady bomb? Say good night, Gracie.
I'll try not to embarrass myself by asking ridiculous questions about where gets his ideas. My own answer involves gulping.
oh I saw that when we drive by! Looked pretty nice!
lol i did i got u my bad
#YouGetPointsIf you approach me first
Give it up for 24's on a 70 chevy! Am I right?
it wasn't so bad. I enjoyed the audience (like Lombardi). Different for broadway :-) cc
NYC is a Ho for only having summer for 3 months 😭😭😭
I dig
hi! Follow me here at much more active on that one now.
Calm that shit down
golden compass - 1 bk of a trilogy I reread every few yrs; kicks me in the gut every time. did steampunk before it got cool.
That sucks!! We tried to get a 4 person suite in Patchin Jones but it was full, and we got to pick the first day! So Bennett it is
you'll know if you get extremely sick like for two days & then nothing or if he
China=amazing!
Leaving Maine and had the luck of the Irish with me..Think I'll play the lottery for the hell of it Thank U Nana Sullivan, how I miss u so.
Want is to cover your event? Email
It sure is. We're in basement!
I need some new shoes
Good Morning Dan, thanks for the follow ;-)
Very West Wing S7 RT 1 billion people living in rural areas in developing countries don't have access to reliable roads
Need to charge this phone of mine.
I don't get it why is Cody on crack? LoL weird question
thank you!
#ItsHardTo understand guys sometimes ....
I forget I have non Adam Lambert fan followers. And I go on & on about him. Sorry folks, but he's got this amazing new album coming out...
This is so sad - she is such a strong, brave woman.
RT : Patients gaining access to their data is "one of the civil rights issues of our era." - Leslie Saxon,
Lingo the game show is coming back woo woo, that reminds me of Chuck Woolery and love connection YEAH he is the boom !!!!
If I had a daughter, she wouldn't look like #Julia...she'd be self-sufficient
5am. awake. on sunday. going to cook. for church!
I got my hopes up thinking that i would see the ,oh well they still looked god(:
Dear guys, being a dick isn't going to make yours bigger.
. Inside Facebook talk starts at 3 p.m.-- Ebling Symposium Center, Microbial Sciences
These little girl scouts are coming door to door now? I just bought 4 boxes from this little girl. Kill me now!
Hey ! Will you fly over to Cincinnati and go see Titanic 3D with me? It comes out on your sixteenth birthday!!! #ILoveTitanic💜
going to the library to be productive tonight so that I can watch the packer game tomorrow night.
Good morning everyone! Any spring high school coaches looking for a highly profitable fundraiser for their team??
Louisville loses at home on senior night. South Florida makes it to the dance, is Pitino to blame?
shoot us ideas!
I'm pretty sure I dreamed about eating at Denny's last night. Damn you Super Bowl ads.
No problem. I understand. I wish the HOF was on tonight.
But no free pass for "Party of No" leaders -- Reps Ryan, Boehner, Sen McConnell, etc.
hm. can't be more dangerous than exhaust-spewing buses? i might have a rose-colored outlook but to me they seem charming.
It's true about the abyss looking back into you. I know because I just spent the last hour looking at Who's Line Is It Anyway slash fanart.
I wish Chara would have shown Chimera how tough he is.
she's 12
What's Good
thanks 1luv, music for life!!
Happy mothers day to all the mothers who do ALL that they can for their children and put their children FIRST!
Congrats to the on their first win as a #MLS club. We are looking forward to many more!
Have Woody overnight it to you if you'll be in the same place for a few days.
Rent to Own the Hottest Electronics at the BEST prices at Buddy Rent to Own
Love in an elevator.
The beginning of this romantic scene reminded me of
Thx! The ? remains: will they be radical the in 18C sense of the word or in the 1980s sense of the word?
Bad bitch in her cha-chas , grabbing on her chi-chis
how many hearts do you need to have in your chest for you to come up with the right answer ?!
Damn... And you can't go be with her now? Grrr. I hate being so far. :,(
I feel naughty.
Thousands of wtf moments there. RT I don't understand shit on Saints Row 3
RT : #DontYouLove Meeting someone new and clicking instantly.
Por Favor Check You Dms? Meow.(:
Count me in if that means Long Island Iced Tea!
I'm chunky as hell smh I got a beer gut -___-
Whats up with the WASTE 23rd rumor? GMT.. EST ? 6am EST?
so ready
like Will Ferrel in Old School!
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your insight :)
iPhone temporarily solves the updated avatar issue until the weather cooperates so I can get the real camera set up and take a good shot
RT : Nonprofits don't have to ask for money if they have a great, positive story
That is an awesome idea. Inspiring a new blog post!
Obama on Leno tonight. Mistake or genius. Hm.
“: Howard and #magic should have a easy win tonight” Good call.
Hi, I am enjoying a great song "It Girl" from MP3 Music Download, an excellent tool worth a shot! You wont be disappointed after using it.
his lyrics is Wack!!
Congrats! I now got up soo.. :)
As always, thanks for the tweet!
#TNC10 National drug control 5 priorities: 1. National Prevention System. 2. Engage Primary Care. 3. Close Addiction Treatment Gap. ...
I know how boring some classes can be. Was up with the
big UPS to Gadget!
Thanks for the reminder. Looks like I'm open Thursday night. :-)
Erin has a few openings today; come make your Saturday smooth like honey! Give us a call: 415.658.5132
Looks like Rondo is getting a one game break. Good job Rondo. Gotta hold that temper.
I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now. #goodolddays (:
S/O FOR GETTIN ME OUT THE WAY
Phillip c Hoffman is here. Smugfaced.
You know it... the only way to get it all done ;)
Cool headshot. Who took it?
Milwaukee media saying differently Keith
Join us for a worthy charity event. Thursday October 20th 6 P.M. - 9 P.M. The Military Child Education Coalition cocktail reception.
Don't do it!!
Now booking patio parties for the 2011 season.To book call 857-488-5387, always voted one of Boston's Best waterfront restaurants and bars!
"The Muppets" Is a Marvelous Return to Form As Hollywood’s bottomless recycling bin continues along the dark path of rebooting, rel
ya im outta louisville, where we love them wildcats
Attendees please share your thoughts here about the
i love you.
Every time I leave a hotel room I get nervous I'm leaving something. Probably because I usually am.
Thank you!
And I'm only 21 I'm the shit look at me bish imma boss
Where Are You From?
Kenny Fuckin' G
Go #Badgers & #Marquette!!! Crossing my fingers for some Wisconsin wins.
My cousins don't love me anymore
Baby bok choy. My new favorite food. Cooked up in a little sesame oil and low sodium soy sauce with lots of garlic. Nom! ❤ my veggies!
thinking about Texas and what i left behind
ha. since you've seen us preach in the past, it doesn't apply :P
Per the norm, until he pissed off some Western white women, it didn't matter. That's the rule.
Feeling like a rebel(;
you can say the same about Shaq, and Kareem.
I did them myself(:
holy shit there's 6 other ones of them?
Courage is the power to let go of the familiar. ~ Raymond Linquist
Hotel California by the eagles is and always will be one of my favorite songs.
Sounds like a good idea. Report cards
Aerosmith said it right. "I don't wanna close my eyes. I don't wanna fall asleep cause I'll miss you babe... & I don't wanna miss a thing "
eats Chicago hot dogs with ketchup.
"Never be afraid to try something new, remember amateurs built the ark and professionals built the Titanic"...Benny Hill quote...
El debate continua.¿ #Hispano, #latino o que? ~ en mi opinion lo que cuenta es el caracter no la etiqueta
if melo can kobe can
just actually sent an email to a coworker asking, "Can I be a pirate?"
oh boy. I can't even comment on that one!
Soo last night Kanye West came and had dinner at the restaurant I bus at. I've never been more excited about cleaning up someone's leftovers
Bored at home. I seriously need to get a life.
And again
What doesn't kill you, fucks you up mentally.
My roommate cooks the best dinners
Glad you had fun at the show!!
Austen, how in the world did u remember me..if I remember correctly we met in phoenix...az, idsa conference...
Hmm, I might just have to go on a drunk hugging tour...
no, but I'm working on iy
Thanks for the mention
Great News! Starting January 2 we're adding 2 class times. M-F 8AM and M - Th 7PM.
You don't have to rub her lactose intolerance in my face!
Keller on the poetry of Evelyn Riley: thermoplastic must become a part of our understanding of the mesh, the world's manifold.
oh okay. Well we need you there bro lol
worst. have you tried acupuncture?
every day is mother's day. (okay, so I think he's bought that. Phew)
hope wrangler works well for you...let me know!
Thanks for coming to the panel + your kind words (late reading the #ffwgr feed-couldn't recall Twitter password #tiredbrain)
We're excited to announce that Geoff Notkin, the host of 's will be our guest speaker at #NMDD on 5/19!
All New #PaulyDProject tonight! so excited!!! :D
Gwyneth shouldn't wear black, and Macca shouldn't wear white.
come on people all i need is 6 more followers till i get to 200 followers so please follow
The Pirates! Band of Misfits is equal parts bawdy and adorable. It's bawdorable. I totally needed that pick-me-up today.
U must be a piece of ass if ur being followed by HOTTEST WOMEN!!!!!!
Connor doesn't like punk. Or ska. So basically, there is NO hope for our relationship.
I use the microwave and the fridge
Casting! Know anyone in a bad relationship? Is it time for a love intervention? Email your story:
start a game with me <333
I know it sounds yucky, but gargle with some apple cider vinegar and take a couple of swigs. Or, eat a salty lemon. Works 4 me
I'll give u a tour of miami!!!! Omgg I wish <3
My mom sent me The Wizard of Oz on VHS. She must know how much I like to party.
Could you do a mixed approach? Good microfilm is scanned, bad is rephotographed? Would time sorting cancel out $ savings?
Remember "Life is what you make it" -Nas
Its game time! Go Falcons!
Out nice & early its beautiful in
u a wresting fan too???
it's a new day and a brand new route. Happy Monday!! I just finished a 4.16 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
he is ready to prove to the world how talented he really is class of 2014 Jhedayah Juice Gibbs
I hate the taste in your mouth after you eat cheese.
Gluten-Free Muffins! Choose between Blueberry and Banana Almond.
hey how's it going?
#frozenstrawberrylemonade is a trend? lol okay..
So did you did you seriously unplug the phone? Lol
New #iPad arrived today. Took six minutes to set up transfer of iPad2 through the cloud. Can #Apple take over healthcare, highways, LIFE?
Shotgun Histology Adipose Tissue
I hope you slept well last night and are enjoying your stay!
still meaning to write a blog post about that debacle.
it's my birthday !
We haven't - great idea. Have a link to a full list of greek organizations?
I Can Live With That!
They don't show up with the classmates when you don't include the #EBUS118 hash
Digital literacy training such as "mousing" flash training useful for public libraries and more
I'm going to do a compilation project and showcase the talent that I'm fortunate to come across from other artists.
im full.
#ThingsNotTodoAfter Abreakup do not, repeat do not do the silent thingie the dumb broad does in that phone plan commercial!
Exactly. RT : Video is the most compelling content out there...so why do marketers think about it last?
#SSWine Fabulous times at the Sonoma Summit this week! Highlights: Iron Somm Challenge, Hirsch Pinots, top tier Zin flight
Getting some fabulous submissions for our summer issue! Thanks guys! :)
But yeah i have no idea how to help you choose where to go lol! I think you'll find the right place though
omg, I SAW THE BOYFRIEND VIDEO! <3
Partnered with Jessica Turral, another Fellow, to put in a garden with youth at the city Detention Center. Pics at baltimorecitysprouts.org.
Work is never done still up mixing this song
WHAT IS AIR!???? I JUST SAW THE #GIRLSTALKIN BOUT VIDEO!!!
- finah get log off n finish watchinq major panye wit my babye sister.....
thanks<3 but u & ukw were so so so so cute tonight! Like it was adorbs
Wired.com gave me goosebumps.
HMU IF YOU NEED TATS!! (:
It May Be that those who Do Most, Dream Most ~Stephen Leacock
Not even Drake? Cold
Hurray! RT: Finally seeing my best friend tonight!
haha well I'd like to think that but who knows.... its up to and Dan himself
If you say so Cam , the only thing good about a peanut is peanut butter lol
Oh my lord. No good.
if Austin comes back to Texas during the Summer , To hang out with the Crew.. I would track him down, & Meet him before he leaves again ! Js
#questionsthatanswerthemselves RT why does spotify screw me over whenever i want to listen to lady gaga
I'M TRYING TO WATCH #RHOA!!! Hubs is on iPad2, son is on iPad...there's a LOT going on!
awww that just made me smile so huge! miss you too let's do dinner next time you're in the city.
Bobbleheads and the darkside of baseball promos
did you do the homeworkk? i dont get how to do 4 and 5!
you are awesome
I <3 two-faced bitches! NOT.
who is mistreating you, im kevy king ill kick anyones ass for you. you okay?
Congratulations ! DM us with UR info & we'll send U UR FREE Mango Pineapple Smoothie!
WMYB & One Thing have been constantly playing on the radio a lot. Direction Infection has spread in the radio.
Democracy is neither invincible nor a destination ....
SAT word of the day: modicum (n.) a small amount of something
i love you too :)
aaawwww, look at that wittle cutesy face :-)
Sorry for the silence...thinking about how to create value for Austin via OpenAustin.org and how to provide affordable health care to Am ...
Anyone else ever look up suddenly and realize that every picture on the wall is tilted just slightly to the left? #isitjustme?
Wish you all these good things in the new year.
If you have balls hanging from your truck I will automatically assume you are a douche.
Off in search of a proper British breakfast then a walk along the south bank of the Thames with the Tate Modern as our destination.
It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
happy Sunday! I did!! Still celebrating my bday today!
Couldn't sleep & ordered 2 med pizzas+wings. Honestly, new garlic crust is badass. Great work focusing on quality & brand revival!
Yes, absolutely. Was going to contact you tomorrow. Just got out of a meeting w/a brewing client's money guy... lots to speak about.
How's everyone doing on this fine summer day?
Job Tip: Trade, No Pay, Testing, Interning, etc; whatever you call it; can become expensive. So make sure it is worth your time.
i wasted almost 5 years of my life on you. i will no longer cry for you.
And the rout is on!!!
Lmboo just got kicked out the studio by !! Hilarious!!!!
Free session with Coach Mike?!
Damn, peace out Shane... all this talk about Doan being a great guy as he piles up a body count with illegal hits.
You got me at cold Yuengling! A great local perk. Welcome home to Philly.
Hey TAAP Fans! What would you like to see on our up-coming shows?
FDA advisory panel backs Arena Pharmaceuticals' weight loss drug with a vote of 18-4
Monographs are emotional. The stakes are very high.
heard that you are coming to Seattle! have a nice comfy aerobed that you can crash on for a few days :)
And you did the same to my day(:
just a thought: the beer detail page, seeing more of my friends activity/ranking of that beer would be awesome! friends > public
happy for you!
It is overrated and for weak minded fools like yourself.
the Exorcism of Emily Rose. So good!
iCloud is still confusing/annoying... I bought an album... why the fuck is it not in my library...
Thank you! That's what we are here for :)
It's easier being rich ,not hungry ,cars work,medical in place,warm-cool,got gas,job,respect Much,Much better than being poor. UNRAVEl
Dang right! I need a Kindle. You too! Will say hello to Bay Area for you.
Mocking confirmed. He walked by and said "keep going"
Holiday Bazaar is coming soon! I hope to see some Eugene faces at the Fifth Street Public Market! Starts Nov20th.
How to Cook Everything: For the Home Cook, Making a Better Pizza - How to Cook Everything
Welp... goodbye to my weekend....
that's awesome!
#bandsilove Senses Fail!
that doesn't mean you should be on it
its still Lo$tKen to the end
Colonel Sanders?
Anyone up for a #DWTS #Exp chat for the finale? Should be some good marketing!
See you soon to talk about budget cuts to public safety. Tune in at 6:40...
Remarkably good reflexes by Nalby there after the let-cord at close range.
I recognized that a long time ago
It's definitely not easy to do in all instances it's a necessity!
If you can get it, Cox has self-install. AND you can go to their cool store in Kingstowne to get all the equipment.
Happy Halloween! Fave Halloween reading: Irving's Legend of Sleeping Hollow
I can drive by myself!! Yay.
CALIXTRO creates stunning art for all your company's marketing needs. www.michaelcalixtro.com
