DirecTV rolls Nomad place-shifting box - FierceCable
Luke 10/'7 Minutes of Authentic Prayer" -
accidentally saying "meet me at eskie" to kids around here. HAHA oopss
thanks and a happy #WW to you all
Another issue would be the number of workforce and the type of product which would be distributed
feeling VUCA? Volatile, Uncertain, Complex, Ambiguous
and a good one...
All the windows got scratched last night by LDK crew. Totally sucks.
Gonna go MIA this summer.
I wish I could be apart of a 1960s like revolution
thank you!!
golden gate park :)
No, it made them worst.....we don't know how to spell "URGH-AH" which really limits our tunes!
friend did u check that out
Think you know Vegas? Check out our twitter!
John C., Dana and Gustavo have tattoo time today!!
ITS EITHER YOU WIT ME OR AGAINST ME
Looking for Instructional Technology Specialist/Coach. Please RT & DM me if interested.
Tweet of the Day, right there. cc:
“: Can't believe tonight is my Senior Night at John Robbins Field. #wheredidthetimego #memories #myboys #alwaysapatriot”
I must say. Not a day goes by that I don't think of him. R.I.P. Eliezer McLean :(
55: the average percentage of doctor visits where American adults get all the care medical experts recommend for their condition.
Good Morning Columbus!
Really need to start remembering to record #sharktank probly the best show on cable outside sports
what is?
Thank you ladies! ☺
Did I find you or you find me?
better holla at your people when you get back in EP!
so am i :D
toga ...toga
following sarah palin now
women have rights?
Welcome to the group! please message me with any questions we have a ton of stuff planned
RT : Heading to #Educare this evening to introduce to more awesome parents!
what should i eat for dinner?
work at home businesses
RT : RT : #CitizenDiplomacy is "smart power." Great Q+A from with , UnderSec of...
can you tweet me when you are !?:)
Really, #TheKilling? My expectations were low, but that was just inexcusable.
Someone's about to win some free #drivnapparel gear...
agreed and agreed!
RT : I would love to see as a guest performer on the #xfactor.” she'sfantastic!!!
going to see #womaninblack with <33
Misfit Love #QOTSA Era Vulgaris perpetual loop this afternoon very 2007 but can't seem to help it: Ain't born to lose baby / I'm born to win
Watch the Devils win the Cup.
Well back to trying to use this again, sorry to our followers I suck at keeping up with this :(
I feel simultaneously on top of my shit and overwhelmed. Is this what split-personality is like?
I was reading about it
seriously, who has business cards with no #
Another busy day and night !! Have a great weekend everyone <3
Getting closer to game time. GO BULLS!!!!
same with my friends ahaahha
booksellers have been packing up the hardcovers fast as they can. We're going to have to shut this thing down.
"for a minute there I lost myself."
your icon is beyond adorable <3
Thanks for the Juice!
Watching professionals play touch football for five minutes
I believe "that's what she said".
How many cups do you have a day? o; I only have 3 or 4. Sometimes 5 but that's all. ;3
A really great way to get cash flow to control your company is factoring your accounts receivables
your a stranger!
"Lighting Design isnt always about the lights, per se, but about the mood created by the light" stop by today and bring in your plans!!
Thanks Rupert!
not cool! not cool at all!
haha same here. :)
let's go watch beauty and the beast together in 3d and fall helplessly in love and get married the next day
YES! Not crestfallen about that ; )
DM me ur deets, with some good times for you next week...looking forward :)
As a #Brewers fan I love the trade TE reds made!! Look out Pirates and Cubs you have another team competing for dead last!!
Only when I have my Frou Frou station on Pandora, I can get some work done!
When it rains it pours
Stay calm and carry on
Haven't been this tired in awhile
AYE! chat with me bored as fuck
Is there anything better than the smell of toasted coriander? I seriously doubt it.
LOL I still know my MySpace password. Epic!!! Now as for my AOL, Prodigy and IRC accounts?
Fantastic to hear your passion for giving, great talk! we're building a #socialgiving tool, got a sec to meet?
Ted Nelson just passed by our picnic looking for his bag. If only it was hyperlinked
haha that was funny!
I value the friend who for finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for does not consult his calendar.
Girls come and kiss me, say that you'll miss me, but get me to the church on time!
your welcome c:
lol sweet you still got two years, are you from Denver ?
It's more than just your cuts. Your arrangements matter.
So it almost comes back to whether we place our faith in spontaneous mass action or try to cultivate class consciousness
aye fool? when the next time yall hoopin?
Fuck yeah, good call. If I were to get an iPhone, that'd be the one.
Coffee is a widely used drink prepared from the roasted seeds usually called "beans" of the coffee plant.
Please welcome upthewaymag to the Max life
": The greatest thing you can do for yourself is deposit into your day every morning when wake speak life!"
- You forgive me? - I have forgiven, but my friend .. in short evening walk more carefully, my dear)))
Good Morning! Back in town?
Mexico vacation the best. Mexicans are very helpful :)
thank you :)
Maybe tomorrow...i'm giving up tonight. RT : wanna chat? You have my number don't you? I'd be happy to help....
Lower taxes, less government = freedom. Barela says, "you earn it, you keep it.
You can do it! Break on through to the other side.
Sounds good!
"you sneaky mom!" #butreally He does knee scopes all the time, but the fact that he's havin one done is kinda a big deal
Good job last night! (:
RT : #BREAKINGNEWS: There is police activity outside Junior Seau's house in Oceanside. Details developing.
Off to Lauren's Graduation! #drwurm #bestdrnameever Look for her in your local ER
If possible, travel off season when the rates are lower.
Love it, thanks for following cutie! Muah
RT : : This is why u study computer science: Draw Something sold $200M after few months; Pictionary $29M after 16 years.
That awkward moment when you realize you accidentally got this far in a that awkward moment tweet, even though you hate them.
no video! I'm still in my PJ's.
yes, and yours is really bad
Charles Barkley is hilarious yo. This man is to funny talking about that Celtics fan.
"Christian" tolerance from the usual #fauxnews crew
I don't even want to know how many calories were in the Mocha Coconut Frappuccino that I just had! It was yummy and that would only ruin it!
He's such a major asshole! And not in a good way.
Raising the BaR in 2012! All doors will be 🔓. No blockades anymore, let's go!!
thanks so much Anita!!
Follow Me :)
Bet she love my swag, bet she leave yo ASS
This game was over the moment Ward took that penalty
EXACTLY! lol. Well, the thought was good while it lasted lol :)
Oh man, that sounds good! I might need to stop by and shoot round 2 of the testimonial in order to get a slice ;)
you are giving me reason to live!
#sschat I keep a picture of myself from 8th grade graduation in my office and use it to remind myself (plus the kids like it)
i don't even know if i'm gonna watch it bro... where u gonna watch it??
is Thankful for our awesome GOD, my wonderfully FAMILY, loving and amazing FRIENDS.
Come back, Nika.
torn it up tonight the #heat are gonna be sick this year
Downtown with after a rough boxing workout.
Miggy just got thrown out on purpose there so that Delmon Young did not have to end two consecutive innings. He was helping the confidence
Donna Summers and really look alike!
Tell you mom she needs to redecorate to match your doggie furnishings and accessories. eeesh!
image posting huh? Are exciting feature upgrades to coming?
When my liddle nephew lays with me> i love that kid to the moon&back<3
re: #PiersMorgan--also, his comments & ?'s w/ Condi Rice were sexist & he keeps referring 2 "the Americans" as if this were a UK show.
Finally I will only run for two term. I have no interest in being a politican. I just want to fix my city.
I miss Steven. 110909  2 years together and many more to go!
Some ppl Arent what they make out to be
An Ornette Coleman quote should be in every higher ed presentation.
Happy Birthday!!
did he really?
#fridayreads: Alyson Hagy's BOLETO from Also downloaded BRING UP THE BODIES by Hilary Mantel. Should keep me busy.
super jealous
...and I'm sure I've missed a few.
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf you gotta sell foodstamp to get in the club
just finished doing my homework... #winning is all i do!!
Green tip #3: Zip around town on your bike, on public transport, or your own two feet. Avoid your car whenever possible – it’s cheaper!
We will be there tonight to support PP and get some great grub! Especially after the hearing today I need the drink special!
RT: : : shoot down the Nighthawks! 3-peat!
Im tired of seeing oomf face all the time lol stop posting so many pictures
You dont want to be touched, go play another sport. Jagoff.
Midnight Chocolate body icing.
Sarah Phillips story is crazy. Trying to follow all the dialogue is like trying to follow Memento.
Things will get worse before they get better. But when they do, remember who put you down and who helped you up.
Safe travels.
hi martin.
Mexico Sale: Save up to $250 when u travel to Palace Resorts. Additional offers: Kids stay & eat free and up to a $2,500 resort credit.
Seen a lot of conference presentations, but was blown away by the #ahcj12 one today by In a word - scintillating.
A2 Use scorecards. How can you identify cause-&-effect metrics?
A HUGE leap forward today on our film project shooting this summer starring Edward Asner!!!! A truly exciting day!
Block speaking on behalf of Speaker Perez on safe learning environments.
No more going to McDonalds :D
Thanks for taking the time to reply. I've never thought of writing for TV, still trying to come to grips with feature films.
“: Its awesome to see a vegas sunset.. Its been a while... #fb” sad I missed you in LA :(
So this evaluation is about to make Courtney look too poor
Birthday cheesecake.
Wal-mart will be the next big company to fall.
. Abuelos taught me value of good work ethic. Didn't want me to think that was enough. Cheered me on thru college.
Whether you're a campaign or business you need "evangelists" 2 promote your cause or product. You can't just do it yourself.
So smart. MT : At UNC Charlotte they're trying to get community collaboration into tenure & promotion requirements.
Z's double tenure as Most Annoying Freshman award is remembered fondly & passed on (only once!) to new freshman
She say money make her cum I say money made u dumb
Excited?! I have ABDC recorded!!!! I CAN'T WAIT! I miss your hot face and amazing dancing on my tv screen!
oh no! Run!
Thanks, John, for taking a look at Gluejar and unglue.it
that makes me want to throw up. $43 million in 1 month. There should be a cap on election funding!
Tommy Hanson and Chipper Jones are about to do work
I can love you for all i'm worth, to the ends of earth but I just can't love you back.
what u doing in B-Moore!
#IWishYouKnew what being real is all about
yes. that is very sad. Have some more drink.
put up a new lighting fixture this morning, read 85 pages of a business book (The Balanced Scorecard), and listening to my iPod.
Calling all Streakers! Send us ideas for clues/tasks/etc. If we use one of yours, you'll win a free Streak! Post your ideas below or on FB!
May 18th will officially be "Sport your favorite hoodie day".... Who's in?
A Homemade Life by and The Secret Life of Henrietta Lacks!
#magic lets get a win. D12 gonna kill
You have one week left to save up to $70 every month on your mortgage insurance payment! Hurry Time is Running Out!
Boychuk: "We didn't underestimate [the Capitals]"
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit. -Peter Ustinov
": Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated."
Good luck to all #GSJ12 jammers! We wish we were participating but landed at #utaou instead. Look forward to seeing the work!
Anybody got an update on how Peyton's meeting with Titans went?
!! There be bisucits in the air!
we're the next great website...why wouldn't he?
Sleepy time
yeah i had some short.. but not that short... like to my ear lobe is the shortest i ever had it
dont deny that you enjoyed it
#BandsILove Linkin Park, Paramore, Anarbor, A Day to Remember, The Killers, Green Day, Panic! At the Disco...
Goodmorning... Up Ready to hhustle heavy...how are You? “ #GoodMorning dreamer”
This season ticket "reward" for paying early is LAME.
It's tough being in a profession where even mindless bots hate you. :(
see you there my friend and i are going
having great feedback, please spread the word
Greg!! We would love to! Hope it happens soon!
Bed time for me...
NIH Public Access Policy is not OA and is not a a solution for the serials crisis.
ok thx I was just wondering if we could c Canadian team since Keith & Sharp on but ill be happy we can c US team thx
Ik betaal je terug!! In my second language( Dutch ) I will pay you back LMBO !
CBS Sunday Morning doing story now on prison reform, disproportionate # of blacks... story includes Florida's Gadsen County & St Quinton
Heading to this studio sesh in evanston with
#highschoolmemories I'm not done with Highschool yet so my Highschool memories are High School Musical.
Dear Family, Friends, Fellow Authors, Poets, and Artists, As of today I am officially a published Poet. Please stop on by
SHARE www.THESLIDERSMUSIC.com WITH THE WORLD!
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
I wish someone could promise me that my children would still LIKE me when they are grown.
You can only free your mind, if you want so
- you guys really rocked by adding both email *and* buffer to your "channels"
And all this time I thought we were twitter friends. Sigh. *blocks you*
It's a non-conference game, not included in Cal's 9-game conference schedule.
Out tonite? Come to Saturday Nite Beaver #BaconStrip - Yours truly will be channeling Holloway & Paradrise Garage
Speaking of doomed, down 3-zip in the sixth. This ballgame is ovah.
Fixing American Education Finland small, homogenous country- lacks the diversity of poverty, languages, culture of our classrooms.
hahah I WIN!
not feelin so hot today:/
While this totally brightened my day, what was the inspiration?
oh yeah well I got fresh baked chocolate cookies, now let me in.
1,100. Cheers. Comment this status with your page and we'll share it and promote it all day.
Played like a piano with no apologies.
In class again, damn why does skool have to be so boring. Feel like going to sleep.
The things that must be fought for prove to be the most worthwhile
The Fighting Irish took the edge off the Phillies loss, so the sports weekend wasn't a complete waste.
You appear to be content that we pretend that racism doesn't exist. Easy when you're not the victim.
God damn what a night
John Harrigan~ People need loving the most when they deserve it the least.
Beautiful day for a lunch food tour
stuck in the office right now but I'm going to grab dinner on a patio somewhere later
Our concert during Rock Star day at got shut down by our neighbors! We must be doing something right ;)
And apparently I'm naked on another website.
#RIP Dick Clark
It's going to be a good day. Because I said so.
yeah i want to have sex with him every day forever.
Thank you to all who entered this month's contest, and be sure to stay tuned for next month's giveaway!
how things at your end
#dragrace #PhiPhiOhara for the next drag superstar
Revo SD website goes live tonight or early early 2morrow morning! www.revosandiego.com
“: Omw to studio, photo shoot fresh!”
the sharks are swimming? Live in the water.
Mike Bordick with the epic call on the Wieters homerun, "wow, that was fun to watch."
I think you are pretty
Enjoying the country life in Carrollton for the weekend.
I'm also really interested to see what alaric is going to do. Seriously its the finale and normally someone dies or something
Welcome to the series, Avery.
Obama tonight will reveal that he personally killed bin Laden - by pushing a bullet slowly into OBL's head using only his manly Obama thumb
seriously, i knew i always liked Bill Clinton
wat it do wit all u #sexy ppl out there...having a good day #chillin in the #rain smokin a fat #blunt having fun in
PDX in Space!
lucky you team FTP guys milked the players fund dry so it don't matter. Give back the $'s you guys STOLE!!!
you have shoe paint?!
Lunch Break...time to hit the Gym!
what are the chances of a 13th round draft pick making the majors?
it's the LEAST we could do for you! :)
Off to #sweethomechicago. Cary-Grove football game, high school reunion, baby shower, and Bears/Vikes on SNF.
Thank u.
thanks so much for recommending Logan to follow me! I love you! You're such a sweetheart! Rushers4Life! <3 Always Stay Strong
What arises after #gse's wind down? Question posed by panel.
A Schlong Day's Journey Into Night
-- following :D
we chilling later :D
is it gonna be up tonight?
a well written Dr. King biopic. Why? It'd mean something... and I'd kill it.
thanks so much, Stephanie!! That means a lot :))
Which island do you think will win??
Haha thank you!!!
Just when things are lookin shitty they get good, when theyre good they gget shitty. This is why i smoke wed
90's r&b is still so sexy to me..
but i wasn't really complaining about it.
Thank GOD that I lived to see another Monday.... Make it a great day
I JUST WANT MY MOVIE TO LOAD
I'm waiting for someone to walk to the middle of the room and scream "I...DECLARE...RICKIE WEEKS....A BUST!"
OK, so, if I have enough time I'll send it to ya, ok? If I can't, I won't. I am sorry if I don't....I'd love to :(
Anyone else excited for the weekend? Working the matinees?
Lady Gaga presents...The Ratchet Ball. BET Special.
Sir Alex trying to fight!!!!! skip is pissed!
You Kno What That Mean lol !
#GoTribe I will never let Nikki tweet from my phone again
GFox following in Pacific's footsteps. Should create a lot more competition and higher enrollment over next decade
Anyone have a great list of web 2.0 sites OR other tech integration I can use in my 7th grade classroom?
LiLLiES of #woodleypark #dc welcomes all veterans and soldiers to dine with us and receive our $18 Veterans Day 3course dinner special!
Hope you have a blessed birthday, Alex !!!
1 1/2 hour drive. Someone text me please.
TGIF! We hope everyone has a great weekend!
You can outsource a lot of web services overseas, but for #SEO #webcontent #writing, you NEED native speakers who are adept w/the language.
If you look up "must-win game," you'd probably come back with tonight's game in NYC for the
RT +1 MT Thanks for your blog post and your continued communication with Chronicle. // Indeed.
That could also describe our house.
the idea of neighborhood watch... "Neighborhood Watch" now "The Watch" after Trayvon Martin killing
I didn't figure you had, got pretty shitty with me yesterday. & Well, it's amazingg.
just started season 2 of One Tree Hill!! so addicting
Finally made my twitter :D time to follow some ppl
I was cool all day! Now dis sh*t! Muffucas always find a way to Fu** up my morale!
like college?
Acting class went great last night- good students! Looking forward to tonight's class....
What was the final puzzle on last night's Wheel of Fortune?
Sounds fantastic! Happy Mother's Day!
The worst thing you could possibly do is plan.
dancing around in my new kicks :)) luv these shoes! thanks !
I was rooting for you!
linked data and open data are 2 different things, but joined they create a powerful tool for sharing cultural heritage on the web
my sister is that one person who wears band shirts and doesn't even know who they are.
I wonder if he be tweeting bout me..
If lil Wayne didn't say my name in a song I would still hate my name I bet!
Dear google, can u just let me write my sentence before u start guessing...
"Accept loss forever". - Jack
Outstanding! RT“: Hey everyone, has been picked up for a 4th season! Thanks to everyone for watching the show"”
I will when I get a recent one of me I don't like pictures but ill get one
We can help you with one small detail of your upcoming event....or we can help plan the entire thing!!
hey. I just saw the Lincoln tweet. Is it too late now?
so the Ellen episode you were at is on today - are you on screen at all?
U.S. gross debt at the end of FY2022: $25.9 trillion.
this mornings show about the IUDs was hilarous...esp when sarah said the baby comes out and holds it up...hilarous!
Last day of work!
I saw that. Good news, I think.
Hell yeah, me too! That's another reason I support. Not on the tip cause of some short lived reality show.
I may notbe lactose intolerant, but I'm definitely lactose ignorant! I will not stand for cheese.
thanks!! We find out tomorrow if we win the audience award!!
I don't get it. Lil B even got more of a buzz smh -_-
Im grateful for and all the love he shows his fans. Hes an amazing person. <3
Can't believe we had over 1100 people this AM even with our school district on spring break. And over 50 salvations. Yes!!!
Rt Over 19 million children are abused by their siblings. We have an epidemic
bigger than freshman though!
haha our knowledge is impressive....and now documented forever
It was a painless test so it can't hurt if your mom is concerned.
I figured it was only a matter of time before we found a copy of The Smiths' s/t album (feat. Joe Dallesandro on cover) in a
"I miss you".. Are the words that spill from your mouth... But my ears are deaf to your voice! #sorry cnt hear you! :p
I am not saying I'm the best but watch that shit. Don't say u the best and you u have a way to prove it. Otherwise u just talkin
Ima roll up and smoke half now and half in the morning... I only got one blunt left I gotta make it work
Seriously. I'd put nationalistic-posturing anti-soccer diatribes ("Americans love offense") in the same category.
Hell yeah this tweet is about me! ": I'm so hard cause I hide behind a twitter account."
or 10 different breads "southern style"
aww. What time is it now? Lol
you're near Lake Braddock right?
oh i never thought i'd see the day when someone was thankful for CisionPoint - yikes!
ten inches of snow and more coming. sigh.
I'll bring the weed.
Welcome to our newest cleaning customer California Hydronics in Roseville!
it should be why
SLICE Hint of the Day: When blades retract, click, and hold for several moments, explore which blades hold the longest and shortest.
Today kinda sucked. #figures :/
I'm in my grand daddy, smokin on that grand daddy.
RT : u like mac miller so what i like j cole
Early morning work out at Easy Fitness!!!
thx! see you soonish. “: nice, enjoy!”
I hate doing laundry work!.
Right. So why wouldn't there be two people?
Watching the show," The Voice". Love this show! Why is Adam so cute!
Pedro Espada and Pedro Jr. are in for a RUDE awakening they think they are untouchable stealing taxpayers money.
A bit of insomnia...
Its cold
Lost Days at the Tribeca Film Festival
When a body builder tells you your pecs are underdeveloped, no big deal. When your yoga instructor tells you, worry.
Buhowell.. he's a cutie as it is. I'm bein all gay now.. but he really is sexy doe.
Speak up to set the record straight, but give your fans a chance to do so first
Wow my song was jus playing....
found you by way of Phil Brock I find your comments very entertaining, though u need to drop your flaky actors.
Hurry & join us at Antrim Park and Brewsky's patio this evening before it gets cold and shitty out again.
We got extremely lucky. It's a tough business to work with. -Lloyd Banks
My project just made it to Level 4. Can you share that with your followers? I'd appreciate it.
how many #Hawkeyes go in this draft? Seven realistic, or not?
Looking for my phone when its been in my hand the whole time
u back in chicago
We're sitting 6th row for the first playoff game in more than a decade. It's going to be AWESOME!
#mdcsymposium Colleague feels students today don't see need to retain info because everything is stored and instantly available online.
Haha well ok then.
yo wassup dude. U wanna work on a project together? U heard of the i-cubed grants @ UF?
“: Don't have sex with her to please yourself, do it to pleasure her body.”What if it pleases me to please her body?Then what?lol
congrats on that bloomington win bro
:) thx - U have a gr8 xmas 2 Jean! I'll B enjoying sum quiet time on the 25th before my flight 2 HK on the 26th... 1 day off :)
NOTHING'S GONNA BE THE SAME.
WHOMP. what is Jessica Sanchez wearing tonight? -_- not cute..
Jesus, faithful King, Lord, with grateful hearts we sing; How great is the love, how great is the love of our Savior.
Thanks Joie! I appreciate you too! :-)
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Have you "had your colors done"? It really does make a HUGE, HUGE difference on how you look on camera.
Thanks, I'll do my best!
Wish our stylish and vivacious friend good luck on her interview today with !
": Sometimes I go all day and not know if is alive or not." I can go weeks!
i complete agree
I thought she got a restraining order? #creep “: My favorite person to follow is ”
Out for a walk, perfect weather. Bout to be a chill night
awesome…come visit!
when will they learn? Dont slide head first!
Hm... Bad news - right after work, I'd say. Good news - anytime really. Except maybe right before bed.
new orleans police headquarters evacuated due to hand granades being in the evidence room brought in car that was involved in murder today
you got a studio:-)
“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.” - Thomas A. Edison
I know! Tilda, Bill, Frances... can't wait.
ill get a pic with youu in NY! lol
I want to bring #nakedtanningback :)
I am sorry but I am boycotting Monday Night Football this week.
Whole Foods Market will first to market carrying Organic Valley Grass Fed Milk from 7 farms in northern California! Coming soon!
Last beach of the roadtrip. Very few people, and the sand's hard packed enough that we can park on the beach.
Man jus seen Amber Rose in a voka commercial.. I need F*** me sum rappers lmfao
#whyintheworld Is twitter so confusing?
do you want an adult panda a few years from now?
One day when the sky is falling, I'll be standing right next to you
Get our #capandgown today. Where has time gone
There's nothing wrong with teenagers that trying to reason with them won't aggravate.
Is your new leadership ready? RT : #PRSSA Leadership Rally reg. ends TODAY! is ready to go!
:The US used to be very good are talking with people in older, traditional diplomacy.
If you have told at least FIVE other Social Studies teachers about EdCamp Social Studies...YOU should "like" this status!
The food channel : innovative shows for delicious and easy dishes. Rachel Ray
#WeirdFact I was born with a cartilage piercing. Literally BORN with a tiny hole on my cartilage.
esp with attrition of big donors looking ahead
Mon and Tues are no good. But the rest of that week will work.
Things fall apart for a reason
Can't explain how good it felt to sleep in this morning.
Before I did radio, I was a music video extra.
I am blessed.. and you
maybe they feel bad for you knowing what steroids does to your man parts you dumb ass": Bunch of retarded girls think I...
wrong size or just not right? I had high hopes for these but was waiting to try at nordys
I never thought I'd be at a point in my life where I'd think that I need to take more risks. #YOLO is sappy & annoying but true as hell.
Happy Monday morning! :)
RT : Have you ever seen a superstar who when he's missing, doesn't seem to be missed? That's A-Rod.
Headed to the University of Alabama for a talk about resistance to racialized sexual violence in the segregated South.
how the fuck can I stay focused when its blood n my eyes
Proud of you, lady!
thanks bro
Damn hangover
miss you too
Go Thunder Go!
Well today went absolutely fucking perfectly -.-
Chef Arthur Cavaliere and his sister will be riding in the 2012 Open on June 3! Be sure to follow along in the weeks ahead!
Just watched a car accident. Think the old man was texting?
It's up to me now to win this game!
man, call the PM! Don't they know who you are?
Granger has 11, but he doesn't have any help...Bulls have four guys with 6 or more, Rose has 9, Bulls lead 29-20
LakeView Park apartments as Assistant Mgr
#ReconciliationLaw - Creates a contract that outlines the specific issues to address and the timeframe to invest.
the venue closed. 3 days ago. We were informed 2 hours before load in. Good stuff.
You got that across rather nicely. You are getting so good at parsing these things for everyone.
I just figured out what you meant!
huge play.
my library is doing a zombie prom on April 27th. Want to skype in for 5 minutes to be our guest of honor?
Nice. I'm catching at the Fox in Oakland this April. Looking forward to hearing more new material.
I'm convinced that every boy, in his heart, would rather steal second base than an automobile. ~Tom Clark.. Rangers or Cardinals?
Hi tammy m y name is Christine, don't you just love those forums? lol. How can i help you with your network? Msg me ur ?'s
Up high as fuck watching Underworld once again its #TeamNoSleep Who else up with me HTLB (Hit The Like Button)
Have you seen Gibbard lately? Dude's got the weary jowls of post-Coke Costello, and that was before the divorce.
Haha set it up!! :) RT : I want you guys too play in my living room :)
#wrongthinking "Just because I'm overweight has nothing to do with the fact I'm lazy. I have big bones. #really ?!
I was an extra in that movie...will you be shooting in Boston again anytime soon?
right on. i'll bring it next time i'm in the store. if yr not there, i'll leave it with one of your colleagues
I know. haha I miss you and your family so much!
Creating multiple choice questions always suck the fun out of life, but at least I don't have to grade this time around.
my team is out. So I could care less. I just don't want thee Miami CHEAT, I mean HEAT to win.
you are killing me right now!
Community service is the worst possible thing ever. Mowing a graveyard for 6+ hours... I got color... But
I wish I could get back to Bdos regularly <sigh> But if you do get to T&T: UWI doubles, Richard's Bake &shark, any pan yard
We had 440 followers. And 550+ hits to our website on 1/20. :)
(The rest is all plotted out. Have dreamy visions of one scene after another capitulating to my will. Dunno if this will work.)
20 Days until ArtWalk! Be a part of it VOLUNTEER!
goodmorning to all.pls log on and register to www.coalitiontosaveamerica.show your friends +family to site.enjoy beautiful day out!! ty
we hope you liked
We're at !! Come on down!
My point is a low interest rate at our current level of real inflation is the same as no interest rate. Possibly a negative rate
im little woohoo right now
Today's the day! Join us at the for our grand opening from 6-9 and then for our after party at Cheer Up Charlies at 10:30!! Woo!
Above a urinal, just below the mason-dixon, the wall bore an inscription: I <3 BIG DEBBIE.
Done! And hello back ;)
i'll tell you tomarrow :/ dont forget little brown
I do see where you're coming from. But I just didn't have an issue with the piece.
its tough but the defense keeps us in games...now let's get this offense in gear...jets next week...we need that one
Those smoothies that I've been making recently have been bringing all the young men into my front garden...?!
Feeling real drunk wit my coworkers tryn not to be obvious about it lol.. y is every convo during sexual
If I believed in the devil I would call Whole Foods the devil. How do u buy 5 things and spend $30!
B.B. King and took the Blues to the - Now bring them home with you tonite @ 9p #PBSipwh. Oh, and some...
Wolf said alternates should still be ready to deliberate in case one of the jurors needs to leave during deliberations.
Anne Hathaway to play Catwoman in "The Dark Knight Returns'. Good for her, she'll make Catwoman even sexier, def has the acting chops.
I would die!
My face at the moment -__-
Museum friends, help my student? RT : Looking for museum professionals to interview re: community engagement.
Yeah, I did. :) Class of '05. I'm old.. I think we were in honors English together freshman or sophomore year.
Woke up with a bird in my house this morning!
I once caught a fellow grad student plagiarizing entire websites as his discussion posts & papers. He was HS principal!
#vsa2011 great resources being shared! www.socialresearchmethods.net/kb/
Enter our Australian Open pick the winner contest at www.Facebook.com/ustamidwest Enter by 11:59 pm on Wednesday, January 18
What old time show do #painters like? Rin Tint-in
Watching Adventure Time With My Brother. ❤😊
when he was six he took him to the petting zoo... that was the name of the strip club...
Dood those have been in my lunch all week. So much honey crisp, but so good!
There's nothing God can't use to bring Him glory
stomach churning.wondering why.
I can french braid anyones hair but I cant do my own
Muppets: The Green Album is pretty good!
I am adding them back in. Finished pulling hair out, then found the google docs problem.
Not a problem. I'm always looking for an excuse to wear a kilt.
Be prepared for the opportunity u seek! Keep a Jumpdrive & box of promo CDs in the Car w/ Album, Clean, Instrum & Acapella.
you're welcome! :D
I thought that pool looked familiar! Nice job!
You're here? O heavens perfect timing for me to go back to school, starting this weekend! You need to FINALLY show me around
There is a fly in my car ah
Thanks for the Retweet! :)
I don't say this much, but the Mets DO NOT deserve to win
That's a good feeling! :)
Oh snap! on
Stressing. Time to fall off the face of the earth and get shit done
cleveland's motto: "come park in our historic parking lots and then walk around an empty warehouse"
Meryl Streep decided to dress like an Oscar just in case she didn't win one. Now it just looks tacky....
Boo-ing is really immature. Makes me worry about what those people do for a living.
Bob stoops pulled a Bielema. Taking a TO cost OU the game.
5 more weeks and then i can sleep in and stay up.(:
Happy New Year! 2012 is the start of Lambda Chi Alpha and a legacy that will last a lifetime at
Shot out to my sponsers Native Instruments!!
I think that ALL THE TIME.
He's trying to escape !!!
have an awesome Weds
RT : Congratulations, , on your journey! You're right, it's the people (like you) who make it worth it.
The director and star of MARTHA MARCY MAY MARLENE will at a screening tonight, and I have two sets of two tix. Reply for details.
Lol yea man
We need a Google Translate app for this! : Could really use a book called SAS for Stata Users; anyone care to write one?
Frank Caliendo in studio.
Dolph Ziggler: the biggest casualty (next to Shaemus/Bryan) of part-timers getting the push at #WrestleMania. Dude's a year from headlining.
yea aj now is ok lol but love anderson & gotta dig james storm ...
summer read: terrifying Johns Hopkins med school prof meets potential new drug in Brazilian rainforest via big pharma: State of Wonder
I chuckled at the reference to Defoe's famous novel. The rebels would not stir my emotions with such a simplistic analogy.
don't worry there's a lot more where that came from 😘 we only took like 9000
me either!!
Deciding whether or not to bring in the whole #SMROI debate into a presentation I'm giving. I think they need to hear it.
Don't blame me for learning from ur mistakes, blame ur self for not standing up again.
u need to get a picture up. Enjoyed watching you at baseball..good drills and you aced them!
Oh is it new years?
I hate people..the general public can kiss my black Dick, I'm only nice to yall cuz I need something positive for god to bring up when I die
Looks like tons of fun across the pond but how 'bout some deets on more dates in the homeland? purty please?
my legs are hurting, my head is hurting, im exhausted, my eyes hurt from crying so much. its prayertime.
Assessing and reassessing some things.
agreed! thx 4 the mention. what do u do? we help the mentally disabled work/be independnt
Keep the updates comin'! RT : Ohio highway signs: in need of kerning
The penal code is the written criminal law.
#ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo Keep Putting Myself Through All This Pain....
about my heart
Yep, I know lots about it. What do you plan on seeing?
When it rains it pours
Getting Back On My Tweet Grind
If I was allowed 1 wish, it would be that all who are deserving find true happiness.
Sitting with Spartan's media members and they're as dumbfounded as I am.
Love my job but I love days off too. What to do this afternoon? THOR!
is it true that there are gonna be new episodes of Danny Phantom in 2013?
Party time:)
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger<3
I know thats right! Im ready to setup an old-west style cyber compound in WY, just for geek hermits. I'll send u a map. ;)
I love your "About Me" description!
Will be interesting to see if trends continue today. Remember, top-8 seeds are 22-2 all-time in the second round.
Doesn't look like the special is airing again. I'm trying to find out what the process is for DVD's. I'll let you know.
Yes it was before the game. Interestingly, Brandon's Facebook page has also now been removed.
#confused. :P
": Long overdue. Say goodnight, Caps." Overdue.. U must mean after they put Bruins to bed? Lol.
Still got some tix to give a way...send me a DM with a name of either a Tash solo album or Alkaholiks album. Its that easy
You had me at "Whole grains / Film grains."
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Pear Spread for Fruit Bread 4 / 5 Stars | 3 Reviews by Sara "Serve this simple, sweet pear spread over fruit bre
RT : The bigger the poof, the closer you are to the cheer gods.
German word for the day is ohne which means without.
WHAT DID YOU DO?
& for when I think I lost my way, there are no words here left to say, it’s true; God gave me you <3
I saw the pics you posted btw but goodnight!!!
Skating rink. Menopausal women roller figure skating. Welcome home Joel.
#UnifyGallery Giveaway: Thanks to , , & for their excellent submissions! Only 7 free Unify licenses left!
definitely sappy
If you're attending FDIC next week, what information are you most interested in?
It's a shame that Old Salem Village "lost" that portion of their history but then again the time period doesn't surprise me
Fuck, yeah!! Have to follow my horny fellow Texans. Especially when they are hot-ass bottom boys like you ;)
Apparently Kansas State is playing a bunch of Miller Park beer vendors.
Watching Saturday Night Live with Viggle Fri | 1PM | VH1 Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Lol might have to make that decision!
im young, single, an lovin it.
German secure.me offers parents more control over children’s Facebook accounts t.co/RtGmyGS1 via
thank you Nancy. :)
Picot edging: can anyone suggest sources or instructions for learning to do this by hand?
Back on The NJ turnpike...fun!
RT if you are going to buy giftcards for the holidays - Amex Simon Candy Cane version is now available. T&Cs apply.
You have the wrong adjective. I'm not too famous to visit you...I'm too POOR to visit you. Lol
Jon Jones vs Rashad Evans tonightt!!!!
thanks for the support ! new music in the works for as we speak!
how you gals getting on planning THE trip. xox
the Tribe vs Terps in College Park Sept 1st, 2012. Sounds like a DC road trip to me.
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 8
Man gets media like fired up and laughing. Think is right it was his grammar. Meant all
A long night of crunching numbers followed by a round at Memphis. Feels like our startup days. Feels good.
We are playing the Alberta rose theatre tonight with a grip of other people. Show starts at 6:30.
I just wanna be successful
Happy Saturday to all, no matter what the circumstances might be, thank God you are on the top side of the soil! Enjoy Life!
Make sure your recycling, man. " : They're awful. They tastes like garbage"
LOL. no man
re new PA Moral Courage chapter: extraordinary "let's get on with it" energy/commitment stirred up by Irshad Thx!
second that.
can I get a happy birthday from you? Its my sweet sixteen and ur amazing... u inspire me so much and it would make my liffee
today is gin and tonic sunday. don't talk to us if you're not drinking a boss g&t
so, I get two free tickets after every 30 hours worked. You and Emily get the first two. :D
Anything for baseball!
Time is ticking! Need help filing your #taxes? Stop by and see me at 804 Webster Street!
We're in too deep, cant think about giving it up & i never knew love would feel like a heart attack #treyflow ♥
If you can see that im the one who understands you, been here all along, so why cant you see, you belong with me </3
psh u can see them anytime..u cant go to italy anytime!
so glad is okay! #loveyagirl <3
Don't forget to "Like" us before May 7th to be entered in for a chance to win an Amazon Kindle!
LOLOL, i love how she thinks he likes her.
A #GMO is a genetically modified organism created by taking the gene from 1 plant, animal, bacteria or virus & combining it w/ another.
nothing wrong with that. I'm the opposite -- live DT, work in Pewaukee :)
I am more afraid of an army of 100 sheep led by a lion than an army of 100 lions led by a sheep. – Talleyrand
good times!
Who in the poker media is covering Zynga Poker Con? I keep seeing all these ads for it in mainstream media - wondering how it's going to be.
I hate standard time.
Bazinga! Auto-calls and lets you dial in!
ill text you right now so i dont forget lol
This is the first game that I've really felt more on edge every time theres a scoring chance. Feels like low-scoring game, today.
You don't just mix random teas together! Lol.
Been a good week.
a heater app?
"...even though you do not see him now, you believe in him and are filled with an inexpressible and glorious joy.." -1 Peter 1:8
The hunger is an eternal struggle
V. Clever teenager you have!
The only shots you can be ‘dead sure’ of – are the ones you’ve already hit! ~Byron Nelson
you guys rocked it, u fricken sounded great but the coach house was lame. In sd the hot blonde in the front is my sis!!!!
Today's wonderful annual meeting presenters include:
*angry birds*
Got in KJ against J8 on QT9 in a 3b pot for ~20k turn K sigh! Next time.
mr. doug fister delivered his patented 5-finger fastball to the #redsox : 2-0. in fenway.
Special thanks to Shelley Whiteside, Ruth Jones Campbell, Jeff Joyce, and Lawrence Dabney Wood for the LIKE! :-)
Sorry about the DM it is not coming from me. My twitter was hacked and SPAMMED. PLEASE I BEG DO NOT FOLLW THAT LINK
Don't wanna break your heart, I wanna give your heart a break
May the fourth be with you.
Sorry about the ARC harassment. You know a girl needs to stay on message, Okay?
hahaha for sure twitter is mostly used for hatin on kentucky
"Puts things in scale, doesn't it." yes, esp since I just finished a NASA grant proposal. No $ ? No space, just AC?
coming soon!! New party Slayerz coming soon
Had a chance to check out the 17th hole for an extended period today. Amazing spot to watch golf. Put on your bucket list.
Excited for your show next Weds because I love Chicago and America. Drinks & karate around the corner @ the Glenwood after?
I had one customer at the quilt shop today. In all seven hours! They bought 1 yard of fabric. But I sewed a ton!
At mission rock waiting for the rumba to begin. Dia lindo!
he'd only need 4 more to tie Nolan Ryan if he gets it RT : Justin Verlander tryna make it 3 no hitters on his career
<3 RT : On the day I die, I know where I'm gonna go, me and Jesus got that part worked out. -Eric Church
i sure am one sly little fox... Ha
Fryin Chicken Wings
Every community needs a good witch doctor, right?
joey I love you man!
Joy Saphla: Huron Group - previewing IMPACT reports - It's not just more expensive resources getting more expensive - we're using more
I Will on Tuesday! Ya it's awesome to work there with such great people.. How do you know them? :)
dude I totally saw you running in Longview!!!
Thinking about him.
On its volleyball Senior Night, St. Xavier takes the 1st set 25-21 and leads rival Trinity 1-0 in varsity action.
butchered the last name...
Sour diesel >>>
#Franchise dealers how do you protect your assets? We supply both industry leading solutions &
as dark as dimon. jk lol as dark as it can get.
'The Descendants' is emotionally manipulative in the best way. Even if it's not surprising, it still feels true. Expertly crafted catharsis.
That folder never looked better! Just came from the Omaha premier of Great job Congrats!
Bahahaha walked into the garage Seths bouncing to Taylorswift: ppl throw rocks at things that shine
Live in Boca Raton? Try Tasti D-lite and earn 15% #cashback with for being local!
He's better at shreading than he is at scooping...
lol just messing around, so what's up playa??lmao
I'm mapping my game play of Machinarium for a paper and now realize that 1) I can't draw and 2) my memory is very bad.
him saying about ur phone. he said nothing!!!!!!!
thxs for the follow! Keep grinding!
watching the fabulous deadlist catch
lol i know i want some too so that makes two of us!
#NoLie I looked high in my last twitcon .
~Brian Tracy One can choose to go back toward safety or forwardtoward growth
wOOt! Just got a ticket to send a team member to seminar in August. Now...if I can just find space in their 1/2 day tool training!
y'all don't quit do you. He's more American than the whole lot of you obsessive Obama haters. If he's Canadian or Kenyan idnc
#SexualPickUpLines Do you like to play checkers? 'cause if you move, I'll jump ya!
Meh Sister realized followed her woah?
RT If you want to get your point across, don't make getting your point across the goal. Make understanding the goal.
nice girl ink..normal places ankles thigh I'm sure mine takes up my right shoulder
Corn based diets acquired by Europeans from the Native Americans stuck to and rotted their teaeth
Our 1st giveaway in the next few minutes! This 1 will B easy. We'll choose the top 5 answers & will have a voting pole after!
75% on your poll think Rog can reclaim #1 ranking. That's....ambitious.
Getting a pedi, drinking a beer, hanging with my mom.
Drizzy on repeat
Watching Fever Lake with Corey Haim and Mario Lopez.
r u having a world tour? if u r having a world tour r u coming to miami? :) please tell me cauze if u cant wait to see u <3 u
I'd like NY to feel the burn like we did last week, but may the most deserving team take it!
im trying to enjoy it.. ;)
you need to stop licking my hair
"Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss."
I need to have a picture of all my friend at home.....I dont have shit except on the fridge!
love you <3 just thought I'd let you knoww (:
Wow. I really need to update this page more. Lots of amazing stuff happening.
Ariana doesn't only have the flawless looks, but she also has her gifted talent of singing and a loving personality. She's amazing all over♥
Marco Valenzuela is a superb computer graphics (3D) artist! Thanks for being with Poised Creation from the beginning!
you will see....im recruiting hard like i should win the arkansas head coach spot
Dallas is better.
Butt dial. But you're my favorite person to butt dial.
RT : agreed! The best industry, best...
'Briefcase' creator also created , the 1st ever indie 1/2 hour comedy to air on
The first is points/assists. The second is smiles. I meant Game 5.
Woahhhhhh! slams Arlen Specter? This dude will never visit Pennsylvania. Insults steel and Specter? I bet he likes the Ravens.
This was unlike the story it was written to be. I was riding its back when it used to ride me.
": you get mad when i conversate w/other niggas but you calling otha hoes baby !! #AwwwwOk"..Damn who doing it like det?¿?
RIP Steve Jobs...Que descanse en paz...and thank you for being such an inspiration and for all your contributions to our modern society.
Real and Barca? Oh, and those pesky-ass world beaters, Wigan.
With the way things are going, Java feels like a step back from C++ but more relevant than Pascal was.
#Moebius'spoetrychallengeMotherfuckers I'm the worst kind of Christian, don't blame God for the likes of me. Still I judge, & you don't..?
Welcome to the #twitterverse - you have some catching up to do! Start tweeting your every move.
Don't miss out on 25% off of ALL fabrics Locations in Falls Church and Alexandria, VA. Sale goes through Saturday.
No man can walkout on his own story.
Lol travis como se dice man gang.
The answer to our #trivia question was Arthur Miller!
11 I Could Make A Wish~ If I could Erase my mistakes, and fulfill my DESTINY:-) !!
lessner is kicking ass !
look what I post, is this for the EscapeRoutes show?
They can use a different former Yankee for all 162 games
HUGE SPIDER OMFG AH.
It's something we've thought about, for sure.
Bears! Shocker!
I don't care what the Bangles say. Mondays are my fun day.
Wait. You suck. I thought you were writing a paper, and had 10 pages left.
Found Ian's wall! He does good work. His color studies are really cool. Phil Yabut is on 2 as well.
It's longer later at the lowest highest point.
Boxer Puppy Rescued from NJ Fire Firefighters rescued a a boxer puppy that was hiding under a bed in a burning house in New Jersey Friday
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Madi Bright for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 16U Team
I thoroughly enjoy your Tweets! Thought provoking and entertaining (and good taste in music).
Mission Impossible marathon!! Cant wait for :)
Now that is a good story. I don't suppose you'd tell us who they are?
Marvin Austin still on the board for the Go Pack Go tonight. Called it last night with that big Browns trade.
i wasnt trying to say 'relationship'. i was saying REALIZATION.
SWEEP! RT : wins again, their 11th victory in 13 games, their best stretch since they won 16 of 19 in August of 2008
Working on adding a new challenge to my circuit training & new protein + carb recovery drink immediately after #exercise. In maintain mode.
There too many brands that don't get the value of a mobile accessible website. What gives? I want to know where to find a Cosi from my BB!
awh. Thank you :)
We hope to bring your friends and family to Baltimore or Excellent Venue with friendly and beautiful staff !
I Aint Slept That Good In Weeks !
should I be scared? I think so ..
The secret ingredient will be randomly chosen from a hat to make it fair
just got it back :)
Been listening to For a while but now I HEAR him.
Gearon is just jealous Garnett doesn't play for the Hawks.
just your back? ;)
better late than never...;)
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing customized homes in San Antonio TX.
Next time your girl wants you to take her somewhere expensive to eat, take her to the airport for a hamburger.
Moving to a new apartment: what should take the place of cable? Netflix? Hulu Plus? Wait and see what Xbox Live Diamond has in store?
HEY! Things are GREAT. ;) How are things in SF?
3 common lies from guys: I'm sorry, I love you, I won't hurt you but we fall for it everytime.
Thanks for coming. let's all share our work at another CC event soon!
Stay local, ask the man: : Ok, I'm ready to get my tattoo. Any #Fresno local artist or shop recommendations?
she just like the rest of em smh!
third eye blind!
I didn't know our prom theme was India! I love it!
I'm sick today..I have been all weekend. This sucks :(
I have so much homework i'm supposed to do and letters i'm supposed to send. I've been procastinating... fml.
oh Jennifer
Looking forward to closing on our house on Friday. I can't believe we secured a 30-year fixed mortgage at 3.75%.
rad! invite me to help haha
..there are cosequences for all.. even for puffed up blow fish whom think they are a legend in their own mind
I haven't felt one since living in Taiwan as a little girl. Twitter has been awesome to see the scope of this thing!
"If you're asked to remove your clothing, you should ask for a supervisor or manager." At risk of arrest or missing a flight?
The Chicago Blackhawks are hosting the Florida Panthers tonight at the United Center. Buy your tickets for this game by calling 888-493-0004
Dragons and unicorns hate each other?
Hailey Hammen now rides a big girl bike without training wheels - these balance bikes are something special.
Modern warfare is killing me! All of yesterday consumed by 18 year old son, busy killing people everywhere! Oy!
thanks for the shout out - mucho appreciated!
Clio, the muse of history, is as thoroughly infected with lies as a street whore with syphilis.
You are go to jiggle it
thanks for RT! Looking forward to seeing you !
I am so sorry to hear that! Our team is here to assist!
BARACK IS THE BEST =D haha
Next time your in DENVER to play the nuggets, come down to the Restaurant.....The best point guard in the game, good luck bro.
Gas, Food, Walmart Gift Cards, Watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com then sign up at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I will supply leads each week.
My dog just locked me out of my house....wtf.
I feel that. that's fair.
Great time Uptown w/winemaker Jon Priest-Etude
Seeing old people hold hands and kiss is the cutest
I've got sunshine, on a cloudy day
Sounds like you are having a typical day for you. Let me guess, you'll finish it with an awesome dinner, beer, maybe scotch.
haha john said he wanted to c it hahaha! And yeah ivy needs some to we should like all go with the glasses
Welcome! #TwitterPowerHour RT : Thanks so much to and for the shout out!! #loveyouguys!
we're two lame fuckers.
MAYbe one day I'll be on your podium. A man can dream, eh?
Awww happy for you! RT : It's weird to say boyfriend again, but I like it.
Free wicking 'tech t-shirt'! Register before March 31st for the Head For The Hills Bike Rally - headforthehillsrally's posterous...
Hasn't been my experience :)
I have to wait another hour?
please email our publisher at
Omfg I got a really pretty VeraWang dress for my dance, but I don't know if I'll use it. But still looking for another dress.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY WBTB!
Music education from an early age is not just about knowing music theory. It is also about helping children become better human beings.
Eat one for me too, then.
sweet! Are you going to x-mas ball?
baha...there are just sometimes when you need that perfect blend of dance jammz, vocal riffing, and sasha fierce
I have to ask #sanantonio ladies what's the best place for a mani/pedi?? I think I need it after this crazy week!
Who else is ready for Halloween!?! If you wear your costumes to our show on the 20th you get $2 off your entree fee!!
looking for apartments is always a journey. Goodnight twitter.
It could definitely help. So could the purple line extending to the VA. It's pretty bad out here...
WHY DO GIRLS TAKE FOREVER?????
Already starting off my day in a terrible mood, being stuck in Rosen's class for 2 hours just made it that much better
Awesome! Certainly was a beautiful day yesterday to celebrate moms. Today is the opposite down here in DC.
Hello, doing a little bit better and I keep looking forward to GOD.
I bet 9875209708795709827049587094387509$ that won´t follow me :(4
All packed and ready for an early flight to Vegas in the AM. See you there!
Found a nice educational video to show area school children regarding dental health. February is National children's dental health month
Cool :) & I were wondering if non-HG-readers would be totally lost. We'd both read b4hand. You should read other 2!
aww thanks u jus made my morning
RT : Republican Steve Cooley concedes Calif. attorney general race to Democrat Kamala Harris – AP
I hear you its so easy to lose track of time ur either up and you want to keep going or
I hope the use the theme from Rocky for that show
We signed A Gonzalez and B Lloyd! Sweet Lord! Can't wait for next season to start!
Told my country aunt to listen to my spot on NPR's All Things Considered today. She said, "What's NPR? Is it on t.v.?"
worthy in 2nd, cousins in 3rd...to who? No idea
"Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest." Mark Twain
okay.. calm down miguel.... lol, it's fine how it is. i'll try to solve this dilemma tomorrow.
On my way to the to speak about add-ons. Looking forward to it!
Please don't do it. I swear on my entire life, it gets better! Please rethink and talk to somebody. It ALWAYS gets better!
don't be nervous. We are a kind audience hungry for info.
had to read the date to be sure it wasnt April Fool's joke. It took them 5 months to come to the conclusion that this is just wrong?
Real Fox News headline: Big thinking, bold Newt Gingrich is America's real-life Captain Kirk
RT“: This is a Condon production. No doubt. Spin. Spin. Spin. Its why Tom is a top agent.”
the 9pm episode. Hilarious. "dump all over me!" haha
omg im so sleepy.
Love pandroa! hates the ads when you want to change the song !!
Danger, in the shape of something wild.
Parkrose Neigh Assoc rep talks re: improving livability along Sandy Blvd. 'Need red lite turned off & red carpet rolled out.'
Scanning is just one option. We also make uploading really easy on our website. Give it a try!
Ah, but only the skilled succeed at secret handshakes.
Ladies and gentleman, our composer Mr. It's good to see your reemergence on Twitter.
Thanks, Matthew! My ambition outpaced my talent back then...now I have less ambition.
Kansas City BBQ festival! My taste buds are poplin and the music is jumpin! Taking me back to my southern roots!!
Thinking u are probably right!
Almost Maine rehearsal!
Basically, this means you need to move to Houston...or better yet - we need to move back to Austin!
That text message was hilarious no lie xDDDD
Just Saw The LAST Austream Of 2011(: My FIRST TIME EVER Watching You Live :') I LOVE YOU AUSTIN <3 Come To Seattllleee(;
hit up or he designed my site
haha you girls gone dominate haha get them W's hhaa
cut the b ' s LORR BRANDY
Challenge of creating something this is the creation of "Unified Medical Language System" which interrelates concepts in an ontology
Lol RT : Y.O.L.O. = You're only loved online.
Work work work....
How do #comic #artists average a page a day?! I'm not even doing that much to prepare for #c2e2 and it's killing me O.o
Okay, really weird craving tonight...Candy Corn!
Try Our New Lunch & Dinner Menu, A Twist of Indian/Himalayan Flavors!
and that was surely a thing nobody wanted.
I wish my former rm would stop sending me crap about his stupid cult. Go away dude.
These kids so cute !
I'd rather have pancakes.... and one less t-shirt to pack.
The cutest thing is when someone falls asleep texting you, because that means they didn't want to say goodbye.
You think the state of California will come after hologram Tupac for that $2 mil in back taxes?
Man these damn Hawk Cards wearing me down son
hahaha will do! Is it on netflix?
Good luck! (:
Just had the best convo ever.
#internship RT : We need bloggers & interns, if interested please contact
Going to try to use this Twitter thing again!!! :)
Gonna get to my 6,000 tweet today!
Have been entering the sweepstake everyday like a loyal fansie
Time to think.
cracks me up! lol
#2012. A new year... But more importantly, it marks the end to chacha's tweets. " #bam "
im gonna miss you tomorrow :/
"we will therefore be tempted to trim the message to win the favor of others rather then to covert them to God's reign." - david e. garland
i need some new music....any suggestions?
Two of the classiest guys in the NBA and
I'll try to make it 'round about midnight... lots of work yet to do today (he said before crawling out of bed, hungover)
On the Treadmill trying to burn at least 80 calories
Say it like it is! "Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with." - Bach
#YouLookLikeTheType that would think I actually give a fuck!
I'm sorry that you chose to love the ones that would hurt you and hurt the ones that loved you, I'm even more sorry that I care - Pia Mia
Eh, I consider them the same thing, lol.
That was actually done very well!!
Just stand outside your front door, phone in hand. Hit the safari app. Presto!
no chaster is suppose to be sad tonight my dear cheer!!:)
It took 3 tries to get coffee made this morning. Hopefully I can turn the day around...
o, nice to know! I seriously love working on it. Dying to be done :)
I think your retweet from the Washington Post about the duck needs to be incorporated w/
For the thrill of it.
When you are looking for a new apartment remember sometimes you get what you pay for.
Halloween plans? #zombiewalk in #check #howl #check #scarystories #check what are you doing?
Awesome day, Rocked the MSOP event at Judy and Dick Wagner's house! Thank you very much for allowing us to be part of your event.
That's awesome. Writers can be so weird.
Don't switch your attitude when you realize how I think ..
Oh, yeah! Pancake House, then a hike at Letchworth - gotta love 70s in mid March!
This day last year retweeted me!
STOP KONY! He has abducted over 20,000 children!!!!
time to go burn one to the face with !
and was all like were you kissing anybody? I told him no and he said alright all relieved... and thus ends my long ass
RT “: readers are out there but you have to meet them on their terms on their devices. #tocchicago”
RT : #ptondh is the new hashtag for digital humanities at Princeton. Brainstorming today.
hey, busy man! Good night and welcome to sister!!
All alone in this world.
We might go winless but I want #Terps in the big 10 bad, ACC fb is bad
N u r gonna get once da Movie drop w/ur Soundtrack on there 2 n ur Acting 2.
Broken heart... or it at least isn't whole.
I may be a dumb blonde but im not that blonde(:
NYTimes Thu. 4-21 Questioning fashion exhibits in museums. When will the NYT understand museum economics and politics?
Stones in the road? learn how to run with #rocksinyourshoes I just finished a 5.15 mi run pain free #runningcureseverything #10ksunday!
y'all, i just love 90's pop music & videos so much. i immediately get sucked back to watching TRL after school. list of favorites to follow
lol exactly. I can't catch up
#DTLA, Your sleeve ads will be distributed by coffee shops to their custommers throughout their business hours.
Thx #frontline 4 doing a great job sketching out
San Antonio Riverwalk light-up ceremony with the family! All 20 of us!
yeah, it helped mine.
seeking a Legal #Reference #Librarian in #NYC to work part-time evening hours!
I'm from Hawaii (: haha you?
Oh, you.
Fletcher: San Diego's transportation conversation needs to go beyond potholes. He does not support the high speed rail project:
#PlansForTheSummer swimming, sleeping, running, vacationing, drinking, listening to music, chilling, watching TV, and being done with school
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher....www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
Exactly!! Get the blood flowing before the beer does!!
Damn,day off and I am up at 8am,blasphemy!
“: #reversethecurse, an UNDRAFTED guy on the cover in the year '13!? 13!?!? This is destiny!!”
staying up late editing and practicing the new acoustic songs - getting ready for the next Ustream which I'll announce soon.
I never believed in the Friday the 13th curse...until today. Food allergies are a pain in the neck :(
Why did the hipster burn his tongue? He ate pizza before it was cool.
also known as : bitchassness <<<
Adopting a homeless dog is not just an act of kindness but finding an unwavering devotion, loyalty and companionship forever. ...
Love : A Go-Giver is someone who shifts focus frm getting 2 giving &consistently provides value to others via
congrats! Tough track hope my guys do better next time
I had the same exact problem. 4 days in a row is a lot though...
nice catch! Get it done!
Dumb hi
apparently it's next weekend
life makes love look hard.
Hi, i am your biggest fan. I wish i could be like u when you wake up you go on stage and start singing.
happy holidays to you too!
&#9786; Protect Your Privacy
I wud guess if u haven't signed unlimited contract in past two years, Big Red has u over barrel.
We've all seen a dirty car in the parking lot with "wash me" spelled out in the dirt. Has anyone ever written a message on your car?
are u ready to go home ????
Finally got around to changing it - was too long and funky looking.
John Lee Hooker at the El Rey Theater Friday April 8th Don't miss it!
sports business is awesome! Same passion here. Interested in anything related to this in the NYC area, moving there as of Friday :)
I was just looking at flights to Europe but I'm down for canada too
Well, I believe in money. But it ends there with what I do now.
RT : "Facebook really blows" — You said a mouthful there, brother. It just seems so Baptist & folksy anymore.
oye puta are you at reunion?
girl it's colder over here lol
Off to school! 8 hrs of my life with my best friends!((((: #HOLA!
And the winner is:a super cool international iced tea brand that could use a SR Idea for some brand/product attention!Nice!!
Twitter discussed as really unique medium for sports media, above most other platforms.
Avacyn in the house!! Hope to see everyone here on Sunday!
Commentary: It's boardroom vs. bedroom in America
Can't wait to see our wedding singer on tonight! Be sure to watch
How about Edmodo? It's like facebook.
I'm in love and I don't care who knows it! <3
I would wait until WP 3.4 is in RC state before starting dev, if you're that concerned about it.
Happy Easter Everyone!!!! Jesus is risen!!!!!
how did your bday weekend turn out?
There is great value in giving of yourself for others. Children need to be shown this early in their lives.
I'm so excited!
So, I need to change my What should I change it to?
Wow, no one's suggested I not use it. I think it makes lists easier to read. Agreed on apostrophe misuse. That's the worst!
Fuck You Mean Maury Yo Baby Daddy ? o.O
good looking on that one...OKC got this one...Sorry Kobe's biggest fan in the world
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives. It strengthens understandings!
Our Hero cuts bread so smoothly that no steam escapes.
Timothy Dolan elevated to Cardinal, all-male Congressional hearing on womens rights, NJ Gov vetos LGBT marriage. 2012 or 1504?
Beautiful #stpatricksday - glad I am sober to enjoy it at Rounding Third. :) #happylife go #Marquette !!
RT SHIT CHILLIN ,WORKIN MY BUTT OFF LOL< yeah me too,and the heat dont make it better
on dm in a minute
your a cutie(;
written goals are dreams with deadlines...
If u are in Detroit go down to butzel family center
Bored as... fudge <.< (No more bad word zone)
there is a monster storm bearing down on us now...we are as soggy as a piece of french toast dunked in coffee
was on fire this am!!! Amazing service - TRUE WORSHIP vs false worship!
Tired of being ur doormat...
have a great weekend!
Twitter just told me I'm a wind bag....to be more cleaver. Go Pack Go!
The phrase "Most American families have 2.5 kids.." is taken to litteral by Americans... That DOSE NOT mean that people have half kids
thank you for your vote of confidence, I'll get back in the twitter swing next week - saw Jeannine Roth - she talks about ...
Yeah, definitely is a horrible day.
Internet dating leads to internet marriage..
Followers.....I'm interviewing the actor Bill Chott tonight! He plays Mr. Larritate on wizards of waverly place, starred in the ringer,
Movie star planet. Today.
Living a healthy lifestyle will only deprive you of poor health, lethargy, and fat.
I'm really unwell. Please make me smile by clicking my follow button.. Please Austin♥3
Getting my ducks in a row for my agent meeting next week.
Find of the Day: great search engine for travel prices at sidestep.com...
god! I miss back when we used to all hang out together. Do you still hang out with anyone from that group?
however it is what it is and i think its phenominal..and for whatever reason they thought it was best to go with..so i trust them :)
So basically if you're an innocent black teen in NYC you should expect a Terry stop at least once a year until you're 25.
RT : Night y'all be blessed last home game tomorrow
only $45/month when you sign up for a year!
Snow in Boston - hey hey let's play two!
It seems like with each new Dark Knight Rises picture/behind the scenes info released I get less excited about it...and want more AVENGERS!
Can I post it tomorrow?! My phones about to die...
RT : Im at 21st and alberta setting up for #lastthursday!! i have zombie bunnies! hope to see you there!
Better yet why not party with the beautiful ladies of the Gentleman's Gold Club?
So why DON'T children's books just go ahead and use footnotes rather than endnotes? Or both? Wouldn't it enrich kids' learning more?
check your dms(;
It's quality of play, too. Martins is not a solid player. He is getting older and face it, last year at Benfica he sucked.
You will NEVER run out of options.
I LOVE HOW I GET MORE N MORE FOLLOWERS BUT NEVER BE ON HERE
Great day yesterday at the #winter open at Captain CrossFit. Goodies coming soon!
Apparently my first name is misspelled. Could I get a RT to cheer me up? Thanks.
I Need More Fans Come On And Be On Lil'Wegi Team SoCold Ent.... There Strong And Committed
I was thinking that it'd be sweet to go before turning in this paper- but then again, it's already too long!
aww your so sweet!:)
You become responsible forever for what you've tamed. ~ Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
#ThankATeacher - Thanks Mr. Andelson for being the type of teacher that brings out the best in all students using creativity to inspire!
What up stranger?!
I'd apologize but I don't know what I'm doing wrong.
There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
It's a sad day when a Democratic president uses Republican misinformation & lies to justify his support for a disaster of a pipeline
*Smiles* I've missed you.
I'll take the over if it's shots taken...
