Still cleaning my followers look, if your not Dr Dolittle or a relative then people stop creating a twitter page for your pets!!!
so yes? hurry to 517
The #Brewers could use a great outing tonight from Wolf. We need to start taking series' on a regular basis.
I wanna see those birds on Madden13 MR. ROSE!!!
Was once told by a farmer that thongs are like barb-wire fence. It protects the property without blocking a great view.
Jim Riggleman resigns as Washington Nationals manager amid hot streak. Cites contract issues.
NEVER TELLING RUBI SHIT EVER AGAIN
"There is real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment." N. V. Peale
I think that's obvious. You shouldn't simply rely on form (or no) documents to organize, hire W-2s/1099s, and protect your IP
I want it all.
goin to see my nigga $y tonight at the
Love the NYTime over here in Boston. Keep up the good work!! Follow back?
yeah.. thanks :) a person has changed my twitter password.
Waiting patiently for Born To Die to come in the mail. Are you publishing reviews?
Aquarius' Horoscope: You are a bundle of nerves today strained by the overeager anticipation of an exciting intellectual storm.
Lunch rushes in NYC continue well past 2PM, obviously.
It's cool rain, fuck up a good week. No biggie
Check out this article wrote about us!
oh shittt gotta take my grandma to the store....I hope she doesn't smell my special cologne. ;) ;)
“: #teamlakers follow back”
Those legs I mean dang
Glad neither team have M. Rivera. It wouldn't have been such a classic.
mvp should definitely be
She Pissed Me Off
who hack ur page cause u don't even be on that page and u don't even spell ur plz with a z
but whats somebody ?lol cause I can get somebody.
It would really make my day if would retweet me. :)
can you tell to follow me please x
"I'm currently reading the memoir My Lobotomy by Howard Duffy. Not for the faint of heart, I'll tell ya. " Shirley Reva Vernick
Hahahaha I feel you girl
good day, talking to him makes the day so much better
My Neck, my back, lick my pussy and my crack.
I've been asked to present for the StartupDC Ideas Summit also, we should compare notes Mon or Tue at the Fort...
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain. Robert Frost
I am forever amazed when I hear so many gifted and talented people from all walks of life!
RT : of raises issue of "audio-visual" literacy -- how to "read" online video
Thank you! How do you like Israel? I've heard a lot of stories from my friend whose parents live there. :)
I LOVE this. I'll be back this summer, let's do a Tribe game in July when I'm home!
Just did a line off a a bums arm when he was passed out
Time to teach this second class!
Lots of Wagers at the #Trayvon march got confused during the chant: "What Do We Want?! A livin- oh right, Justice!" hehe
I'm tired of #superhero movies. I'm not twelve. It's insulting. I don't want 2 see #Avengers. I want to see a movie for 4 adults.
She a straight killa max payne travis porta make it rain !! Aarrrggghh
honestly, let's have F.P. tell us what constitutes different types of pitches. What's a "backdoor breaking ball?"
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes. - Oscar Wilde
Lol. I see that.
Oh, did you know there was a prize? We are growing like wildfire. Folks love to talk about Belltown Seattle Happy Hours!
Don't blink LA
Thanks for your intrepid reporting... No one else is on it! (No water pressure at LoyalTee HQ.)
Some of you even didn't went to school & didn't go home. Please guys... Your healthiness is the most important <3 Thank you so much. Xoxo.
Diana Draayer scores on a breakaway to make the score 2-0 Tonka with 5:51 to go in the 3rd.
RT THIS!!!!! RT : S/O Too All The Bitches That's Taking Care of A Nigga Just Too Scream They're In Love
April lives to smack my face lol
I need the starshine of your heavenly eyes, after the day's great sun.
I feel like someone beat me up in my sleep. My whole body hurts. So strange.
with both #brewers aces on his fantasy draft
Hope tomorrow is a better day #tryingtobepositive... (notice the trying part)
Where you going Mama?
Free bottle of champagne for every group of 3 girls tonight when you text champagne to 38714 part of
I would much rather see his career ended with a blow save walk off grand slam.
Whats the #LTDArmy up to this evening? We're working on finishing up our album and we can't wait for you all to hear it!
filming as an extra in a national 48 hour film contest Saturday! Woot!!! Always wanted to check out that process.
On the lookout for a great apartment eastside LA. Maybe you have a friend with a great view and they're moving? Any tips super appreciated.
The latest edition of Living Local is hitting the shops this week. Don't forget to pick up your FREE copy when you head into one of Newark!
#NewBalance You Rock. My shoes were snagged off my front door step and you sent me out new ones at no charge. Life-long 574 wearer now.
Okay! Your friendly neighborhood Satellite Man has to ask. What's Mangosteen?
Ewww... I Hate The Word "Wifey"... Hoes Give That Word No Meaning...
off 2 bodybuilding!!! And looking at new apartment later on today!!!
Hey European Wax Center fans! We want you to weigh in! Who gets your vote for the best groomed male celebrity? Don’t forget to tell us why!
Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action.
Never had a doubt.
you wanna help? I could use you.
Playing the Black Lodge tonight. Going on first. The talented Tartufi from SF are playing as well. Should be a most enjoyable evening.
Sometimes a person just let's you down!
No shame in that at all. RT : Two grown men in the car singin Lady GaGa - Paparazzi... I have no shame
It's been just good so far. The sequel, many things are vague, and it just hasn't been as enjoyable as the first...
SHE WASNT REALLY TRYING TO RUMBLE!!
The last time the #Browns had the 3 and 22 picks they took Joe Thomas (playmaker) and Brady Quinn (bust QB). And in 2012 the Browns took...
The Avengers is finally out! Got to add that to my to-do list for the weekend.
nope. A good time to just relax and have quality time with my baby boy. Gotta go to CLE in the next few days for work.
weren't you on the kraft macaroni and cheese box!???
Sunday's are only fun when you spend it in the Dominican Republic. They party on Sundays :-)
Thank you!
Hi Jana, can we connect on G+? I am following you via Twitter, but we're on the same LinkedIn group.
They loving the crew
no LMAO because after you left one of the girls was like "nine inches mommy nine inches!!"
I have the day off tomorrow
ha! i'm just glad you put up with my general disgust towards most of it.
great to see you too!!! “: great seeing you today! Congrats on your job at Guess!!!”
i agree but he isnt a superstar and obviously at 40-10 they doing just fine without him. Have a blessed day !
But you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough.
Okay - where are my thin mints? I ordered numerous boxes from several little sellers....hm, time to make some calls.
James Beard awards finalists: Matt Molina (Mozza) best chef Pacific; Dahlia Narvaez (Mozza) outstanding pastry chef; more tk
Worst week as a sports fan continues. Not only PSU fiasco but 4got about Thurs night NFL...Tolbert in, Denarius Moore on the bench...DAGGER
Was going to go to sleep but I'll just eat these peaches and watch the end of this no hitter first
Today's BTU inspiration: "Wherever there is a human being there is an opportunity for a kindness." ~Marcus Seneca
I'm down for anything 😍
Happy Mother's Day Everyone! :) I love you Mom! :D <3
Girlfriend playing Right now at the Paste party sounds like Edie Brickell backed by hipsters - blast from the past!
just a few days until the premiere of #thehungergames :) anyone else super duper excited?
You're welcome, Susan. My pleasure to tweet your excellent posts...Jeannette
Thanks everyone for downloading Instant Santa! Getting tons of downloads! tweet us for promo codes to get the good & bad packs free
wassup homeboy, u mess wit dat joint or did u not get it yet?
“ You will rarely see a short and thick #Leo girl. These babies got a waist and curves”
RT : “ UU Softball tournament champs say what?!!! #AYYYYEEEEEEEEEE” congrats .. Good Job
I love and I conversations! Communication is key!
thanks for the follow! hope you like learning more about me and my artwork!
i luv u
going home. going to bed
"The horse is made ready for the day of battle, but the victory belongs to the Lord." Proverbs 21:31
Learned how to disco dance whilst eating pizza today.
If it were only that easy ;) “: Everything you said I erased from my mind.”
finished Seth Godin's latest book "Linchpin" recently. If you are not familiar with his work yet you are really missing out!
Good guys only come around every here and there.
I hate sharing a couch with someone who insists on taking up the whole damn thing
keep the pomp riding
Macular degeneration is an age-related disease that gradually destroys central vision, which is needed for seeing objects clearly.
Record a song free today!! Just ask how!
For the 1st time in enjoying cardio and being outside.
Eleven games.
Something always brings me back to you...it never takes too long...
Sitting in a vCops Go Deep. Class with new colleagues from
Highlight of my SYTYCD Vegas week coverage has to be meeting She's was fantastic in every way.
Wake Up America.Your HYPOCRISY is disgusting.You created the bounty culture long before you crucified &
Natural IP CI related skills - critical thinkers, good information synthesizers, good communicators.
www.womenthroughtransition- are you one of them? Don't forget your free eBook.Survival Tips Through Transition.
One thing's for sure, nobody cares about your business but you. But they want to be right there when it's successful!
my dad isn't sure about it yet but yes when I'm able to get it done I will:)
thanks for every1 comming out last night...had a blast...
Like it or not #Red #Sox and Bruins fans are coming to #Boston!
Im So Dope My Nickname Is Cocaine :-)
yes, that's dr. ally reid.
I had an awesome time in California! Worked with PitFit training owner Jim Leo who worked me hard! Also went go-karting with my teammates!
Jay Z is not a rapper. He's a true artist.
We can do polymailers. Hit us up at and let us know what you need.
It is gearing up to be a wonderful weekend! Make sure to visit us sometime on you rides!
back of thigh, and happy weekend!
#Rahimi, a thousand rooms of dream and fear. 1979 Kabul. Man beaten by soldiers wakes in woman's house, hides, prays, hallucinates. Intense
Visiting the old farm
Yessir! Matt Skiba and the Sekrets, Thrice, The Used, all within the next two months.
Help celebrate the birthday of Susan Duerksen by taking back our democracy! Let's sing 2 her @ the downtown federal courthouse & hold signs.
Caught the tail end of the ABC news special with Barack Obama, to bad I missed it. Will have to catch the recap on Nightline.
Nothing can match Clue, anyway.
I'm so disappointed #johnclayton doesn't have a ponytail
19 pts in 20 min? He's ballin a little bit right now.
Hattrick for Mr.Carter
I remember I was almost late
maybe not...DM me?
lol because you love Connor and there is a big part in the story and I need a person (:
Chris Rock hilarious
Couldn't donate in Allentown, so I'm doing it in Atlanta! Thanks for inspiring me to donate.
Time and money spent in helping men do more for themselves is far better than mere giving.
Getting ready for the premiere livestream broadcast on Spiceworks' latest product release!
For Bookings email me :)
This gouda is good-a.
Love the outfit today :-) Good morning to you as well!
I wanna fast forward this week to fun time.....
#GrizzNation Who's ready for the grizz to put the hurt on the Clippers! Tony Allen should punch CP3 in the throat
Accomplishing a goal that pays off 10x more does not take 10x more effort
oh. Someone i follow follows u and retweeted wat u said and i found it in ma home page (long story short)
Thanks Milwaukee!
You guys! I just tried alkalized water for the first time. I am do hydrated right now. You don't even know.
Be respectful of your camera but have a little fun with it. Take it out & play around. Be a little wild & crazy. Keep clicking keep vidding!
#Hadaddi ohh he likes too party!
I booked a #commercial through #Amy gossels as a extra tomm morning at #7:45am well see what happens on set
It's nice to get some attention. I've also offered to take you and Lacy to Costco and load up numerous times. Just say when.
Can today be considered Ash Thursday since I passed out while smoking a joint and burnt my forehead on the cherry?
- Pretty funny dawg. Cheers
me too can we hangout this weekend please . i miss you both !
Watched #GameChange. A bit stilted until settling into an engaging narrative groove, if with minimal insight. Harrelson & Moore are fun.
lucky you! I'm envious.
i know! It's so cute
so checked with the TO, still no details are being given. You will be fine as long as you dont use SC's. They want it a surprise.
miss you to girl.
yoga! standing bow pulling pose from bikram. with a wonky, terrible arm. on a wonky, terrible rock!
"Looking For Some Hot Stuff Baby This Evening" Rest In Peace Donna Summer. The World Has Lost An Icon & Boston Has Lost One Of It's Own RIP
I don't want to hear anymore about John Travolta and his massages. Good God that's disgusting.
Just made a twitter.
Did you know that a 9-sided polygon is called a nonogon or enneagon?
A HUGE congrats to you and Q!! It is such a beautiful book, you deserve it!
#IAlwaysWanted to have a coke bottle shape, light skinned, and a pretty smile.
Thanks man! Much appreciated.
Thankyou for the love was up y down?
My fresh pair of Desert Boot are versatile in keeping my feet dry in the rain as well.
See what is new at : www.Meningitis-Angels.com
Happy Hina Matsuri! Happy Girl's Day! :)
“: happy happy b day friend!!!”Thanks I'm Kicking It Down Peanuts Tonight!!!
Postmodernism: Messy idealism.
yoooooo u on campus
@ MY TWITTER NAME SO I KNOW ITS REAL BOW!!!!
I have to work today.
Solid debate there. Think it's too soon. Will be interesting to see how this pans out. New Kindle is what I'm foreseeing.
Outside it's rainy and cold, but inside its warm and toasty, with $1 #bartab drinks to be had! Don't let #theMondays get you down!
Spending the day with Indiana Assoc for Healthcare Recruitment talking about Social Media, more to come...
Show tonight !!!! at The Mint 6010 west Pico blvd LA CA 90035. We go on at 8:00. Come have a drink with us :)
Watching tv and relaxing..
I love Stephen Merchant but I can't bring myself to watch that.
And congrats to Michael Peress for winning this year’s Gordon Tullock Prize for best paper published by a younger scholar in Public Choice!
Thought should precede action.
I love you!!!
I'm gonna go with creepy...
Yep~, Big Three = Lebron, Wade, Haslem. Drop Bosh, and change those T-shirts lol
First mention of the Taxonomic Impediment at #LifeLit from
“Friends are who get us through our ups and downs. Without them who knows. If you really think about it, it’s them who keeps us alive.”
lol you too funny today
Looking forward to ur show at Domino Room #inbend in Bend Oregon tomorrow nite. Come through the Official Afterparty at
Just landed back in the city! Happy to be home
Panelists are Alexander J. Field of , Jonathan Levy of & Deirdre McCloskey of #ACLS2012 (3/3)
Don't forget that Gibby taught us it's okay to dance on a table with your shirt off.
lol mmhmm that's why u don't txt me no more hm lol and I love you too xoxo
haha! Count me in man!
I live in Philadelphia now! Right now! HI!
you're confused? I barely know what your talking about.
(aka Batman), thanks for the follow! Looking forward to hearing what you have to say on here.
You always amaze. My favorite of his is The Servant. Pinter and Bogarde!
I'll save the rest of my comments for a tweetup.
Thanks so much for the RT, Tracey!
Weird when you go to a game & cheer for the referee
Jesus paid it all for me! I'm straight!
Museum-Ed Tech Mob is coming to NAEA.
I am truly humbled by ALL the love! I really appreciate it! It makes my day mandatory OT better! Thanks I love u all with the love of God!!
U kno i've been waitin to wake up nd scream in my big bro's face.."Happy Easter", wit a bunch of eggs in my hands.Lmao!!! #LuvvUbigBro>.<
Construct a life plan with your partner. What are your personal goals for the next 3-5 years? Which ones are negotiable, and which are not?
for Center for the Book & am embarrassed to report that we have under 100 followers 4 Please Follow
Damn, the nearest Hobby Lobby from #MKE is Kenosha, but everyone always raves about it. Will have to make the trek. :)
pretty damn good. Lookin forward 2 food,family and...FootBall 2morrow. Then its 3 more days off! Yay!
RE: Walgreens commercial -- i have never seen a Walgreens big enough for a man to run around for 30 sec trying to find someone who sneezed.
Listen again....appeal is necessary due to JU not approaching or discussing leave with Bo. Kid needs to explain departure.
A big thanks to and The Mad Doctors ( ) for a great night at Goodbye Blue Monday!
#weneedacurefor #poverty. It can spread like a wildfire.
Literally has me in tears from laughing so much!!!
Give it to me -- I LOVE banana-flavored candy!!!
JUSTIN'S NEW VIDDY. gksgsjshsjsgkshs look at his arms omg.
Had to park bike nearly at the chinese massage place--even with bike corrals there's no parking at
Yea I am.. Thanks love 
I think another week off would be fair ;) spring break recuperation lol
You have a job for me? ;)
Thanks to all our new Twitter followers! LIKE us at www.facebook.com/kolhaot and keep up with the latest in art & Jewish education!
Every atom that belongs to you as well belongs to me. -Walt Whitman
Had a 'licious dinner with a side of good conversation with
Joel Przybilla is officially a game-time decision with that sprained right knee.
Thank you so much for checking out the trailer and sharing it with your followers, Dean!
I would change that to "applied knowledge = power." Knowledge is useless of we don't act on it!
The Avengers is the best use of The Hulk ever.
Hey George, PayPal contributions can be made to -- Thank you for donating!
I have to say that I like my Kindle Fire, but I don't like the limited apps. Wish my iPad had that screen size though.
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
I'll never change my ways, it's not a phase, this is how it is and this is how it's gonna stay! ;)
they be sleeping on you thinking it was slumber time.if they wanna play then they meet u at the fumble line
iPad was made for any type of RSS feed. This is seriously awesome
I sense a double meaning in your "plowing." So it worked? :)
i love when the dog is sleeping on the couch and she starts dreaming - this one is a running dream... so cute!
I'm anything and everything lol
Welcome to Twitter! You'll catch on very quickly. It's pretty simple.
So excited for the ranger game tonight #LetsGoRangers lets beat this out in four games😘
Take 539 before 572 if you can swing it!
Hi this is Jessica w/ regarding the manufacturing facility.Please contact me at Thanks
What did you think about the White House Correspondents Dinner last night?
When I'm working, I'm writing. When I'm vacationing, I'm writing...maybe there's something wrong with this picture. Lol.
back at you my dear friend. You know your place.
First love is irreplaceable. First heartbreak is unforgettable. That's why you're irreplaceable & unforgettable.
Learned a good way to massage farts from Max :)
#OnceUponATime One word on the finale: Wow..... That is all.
Work till 5 then Isotopes Game tonight!
On my way to my FAV job today for our audit...
I didn't even know there was already weblog in the 90s... now I know.
Busy day 4 u guys 4 sure!
substitute pasteurized liquid egg product or substitute 1tblsp mayo for each egg.
If my phone were truly a "smart" phone it would realize my stylus is missing and grow a new one back like a starfish.
Smoked salmon baguette, scallop bacon soup, and a gourmet brownie.
where do you work?
All we have is, Right Now! :)
thanks for the follow. Check out
If ur interested in modeling hmu I have a modeling group in Fayetteville If u r interested feel free 2 hmu We r looking 4 all ages sizes
attended Sports Legacy fund raiser. Jesse Ventura was key speaker.. They are bring much needed awareness to the cause of concussions .
jajajajajaja LOL RT Dad, can I get a new phone?|what's wrong with your iphone?|grandma keeps using it to call her new bf -,-
Our lovely is taking her dresses to #RCF this weekend, so come snag one today before they're all gone!
Day to of #NFL_Draft starts in 50 minutes. What positions do #Seahawks address in Rounds 2 and 3?
You are correct, madam.
Anyone up for a class-action suit against Apple for the 0x80020022 error? Seems like the only way they'll resolve it.
Amicci's, if you want to do Little Italy
March Madness has officially started! BYU storms back from 25 down!
Going to work on my first New York based film. I get to die today!!
Started early morning sign waving - need coffee
Pete Haggland of Pioneer Air Museum speaking tonight @ Pioneer Hall, Pioneer Park, 6:30pm on their impressive collection, plus museum tour!
The last time I checked, I have three turntables!! WTF is this dude talkin' bout?
At my favorite Bistro!
vanes is a pussy. But the WBC is full of shit
Tim Grobaty: Pumpkin gunk can really drain your wallet - Contra Costa Times
I really need to stop watching scary movies before bed. Last night I dreamt that Aaron Brooks somehow signed with the Lakers...
Happy Birthday Hope you had a great day.
When people are like "new hair cut" but all they did was cut their dead ends off <
Ice skating was so much fun last night!<3 ;D
When people are so annoying in church.
Ran 5k around the lake where I used to train in high school. Back to my #roots...time to train for a 5k race?
#thoughtsduringschool I wanna go home and sleep....
I like my martini Parkinson'd, not stirred.
#808Pride dont let the man run u run the man
Going 2 bed Rusher thanks 4 u help can i gett night tweets?
Hi Everyone, I will be doing a Book signing this saturday. 711. N Tonopah,Las Vegas, NV. CHEESE & WINE TASTING! JOIN THE CAUSE:)
Who knew it got cold in the desert during winter?!? Brrrrr!
Why do they make us buy these expensive text books????? We don't even use the entire book. :-(
Thanks for not having parking, dentist office. What I really felt like doing this morning was waste time circling around the block for an hr
Taking a break from packing to play the Biltmore tonight with Luca, Ryan and Peter. 8:30-12:30.
Do you follow QWiPS on Twitter? If not, click to do so and keep up to date on all things QWiPS!
Motor racing-Todt says Bahrain race will not damage F1 image
ideas are pouring out today - I owe it to limited hours of sleep over the last weeks. now I just have to build them...
I worked for a moment in Private Equity, where we weren't even allowed to wear an open-toed or open-back shoes ...
Remember, trimet reroutes are in effect from 6-10pm on Alberta. Catch the bus at killingsworth instead.
#howrace Passion=tweeting while running
chop those up on the weekends and freeze 'em so you can just sauté and go when you're hungry!!
Watchin cops makin chixxenn for my salad n then cleaning casa
just discovered project runway australia AND canada!! got new shows to watch for the next month
RT: good luck!/// thanks!
Family Guy is hilarious!
It's crazy how much happier I am when I'm only focused on work. :)
hahaha i love living in Pittsburgh, cus the Steelers are in the superbowl we already have a 2 hour delay on monday :P
Sounded better coming from you. It's probably because your lips are sexier. Yeah, I'm sure that's why.
Hope to cover your upcoming trip in an upcoming video! Am also in MD so before you travel, let's touch base!
I think imma crash early
I'm in pain still from Saturday =(
Thanks! They are in Maquoketa, about 35 min from Dubuque.
so pickle juice is really fruit juice
They got a few things that they prolly won't do.
going to the link. Dear how have you been?
Q13 FOX has not reached an agreement or come to terms with DirecTV on any aspect of its contract, which expires at midnight.
When we can no longer change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves- Viktor Frankel
watching project x :-)
completely missing you and hoping to see you before autumn!
follow the official page >>>>>>
#InTheSummer I spend so much time with my family!
Life is Awesome. :)
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 10
I was just at the one in falls church
Just wrapped 2nd night of shooting 'The Long Farewell' in NYC. Did I mention that I was the Lead? Yeah, there's no turning back now...
just being silly. We are all friends here.
"he 'gon cry in the car"
S/0 to twitter.. I think she would Holla # my partna ..but he fuckin up and not coming wit it and being up front.. obviously .
Happy day dreaming
Who would have imagined this?!?! RT:“: #FF ..." Happy Friday!
YOUR ALL I THINK ABOUT I <3 RESPECT SUPPORT & WILL ALWAYS BE A FAN#143JULENA<3
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
Thank you for following ! We love our customers and fellow tweeps!
MY Teams !
Ahahaha, because Courtney's never sleep I guess. Idk why I'm up either..
Really, really grateful there's a mindfulness meditation class at 12 at work.
How good are your union leaders?
Are you already up there?
they nitpicked every inch of our car.
Up up and away, next stop Portland Oregon!! #ducknation/r u going to be guest captain at USC game? That would be sweet! Go Ducks!
Hello will you look at my website I do watch mob wifes i'm a big fan
one of my favorite guys! “: joel mchale >>>>>”
only if they were a solid personality like Chris Cantore.
How long can I go without sleeping? It's been like 36 hours now
Looking for companies giving us free product samples to distribute at Oregon's largest Vietnamese New Year Festival, est. 10k attendees!
Maybe because librarians tend to be introverted? Or, we're "just doing our jobs."
#kurtsaudition .. So he just started singing ! Take him ! <3333 I love this song ! (;
I'll take them!
"I'm not gonna lick your bacon." -, to me.
People with March 1st Birthday's get screwed every 4 years. They must be huge assholes
This is going to be the longest day ever
Watched Harry Potter 7 with Alex, Amazing Day(:
Wow...Michigan deficit matched largest this season at half. They have their work cut out
when I was just a little kid I couldn't wait to grow up but now its different
Think it's time we start a wedding/event planning business You design, I can dress the hell out of a bridal party.
I'LL be sure to send birthday wishes your way, that day!
i hate when niggas lie about shit, when u already know what the deal is. yaw so fuckin dumb!
For score and seven years ago....
Size 15 feet don't work to well with my stairs in my place if I ain't careful lol
I'm sure we disagree about the justifications and extent to which it "hurts" people. Probably not a Twitter convo, though.
Follow #12NTC for tweets from conference on #nptech. Should include good #socmed tips...
I thought you went to France? Glad you are here for the weather.
Sorry everyone. I've been hacked
LSN360 /News/Nevada GINGRICH "I WILL STAY IN THE RACE" ROMNEY 44% OF NEVADA VOTES SO FAR.
At Five Guys. The regular burger has two patties and the regular fries are like 100 fries. Who eats like this?
Awesome! You yada yada yada'd the best part!
i love you too <3
Farm fresh fare - Charleston Gazette
At Johnnies with , we came to see but he's not here!!!
People who hate you are just your confused admirers. They cant figure out the reason why everyone loves you.
To improve, a coach should "visit w/ coaches who have done what he wants to accomplish."---
omg! I had no idea that was you today! So sorry I didn't introduce myself, but nice meeting you from afar!
Did you hear David Peaston passed away yesterday also, or am I late?
Do you know why God withheld the sense of humor from women? So that we may love you instead of laugh at you
gift certificates are the way to go!
fsince I use an alias address for linkedin it is really easy to see all the phishing mails to other aliases
I'm glad you're pleased with the feature. Everyone at the Shriver Center is so proud of your work w/
Carl DeMaio brought his visual aid. (muffled snickers in the crowd) He was slapped by moderator: no more props. Ouch!
We're scouting out new charities to partner with. If you're interested, let us know!
God doesn't take back His promises.
hahah true but they claim they're good. Lol
I love food..but I love you more♥
I should do that when I write papers!
Oscar's tonight!
I've never felt this way in my life. I can't stop smiling and looking at his picture.
yeah it actually is im impressed i hope its organized for the concert to lol
you know like.. 5 songs.
That might be one of the dumber ideas I have ever heard. If u are going to abandon your blog, go with #Google+ That gets indexed
“ The Zodiac Top Difficult Matches: Aries/Cancer | Taurus/Leo | Gemini/Virgo | Cancer/Libra | Leo/Scorpio |Virgo/Sagittarius.”
then lose on a horseshit goal against the run of play.// it does have that feeling, doesn't it?
Recommend me some good movies to watch :)
maybe it's all the wild crazy sex we get to have!! ;)
okay fine!
My holy book is "Everybody Poops." It contains 89% more wisdom than yours, 100% less slavery, but about the same amount of shit.
Portman you look amazing. even more amazing in HD
Hi guys, check out Long Tall Bob & Franck, lots of great tracks on their site.
Your accounts been hacked. Your spamming me
I find, are impractical in social situations, but I enjoy wearing them a great deal on stage
- hello eyeemgoph - if you can send locations / intersections that still have my signs - I will be more than happy to remove them!
is dealing with extremely limited connectivity in Northern Michigan. Grrrr. Do they think the internet is a fad up here?
you got it
I need a really close female to talk too
#1 star tonight --> Timmy Thomas! #Bruins win. Woo! On to Anaheim tomorrow. Go B's!!!
In a Biography of Andy Griffith, he says doing the Andy Griffith Show was like "waking up to go home". Is your job like that?
Going to see one of my favorite local bands tonight, The Bend, in West Seattle. Excited!
I love you ! <3
sure, why not? lol
I feel good news coming from the today...
Rediscovery of "old" gear is fun! I often wonder why I stopped using some very good + "soulful" basses.I gotta go play now...bye bye!
Great day for a bike ride eh?
#IfIWonTheLotoIWould use the money for college
britt just come to school we don't care if you give us strepp we'll deal!
That's why we're the best team in football.
RT - Surprised the Patriots cut Brandon Tate. Really liked him in that New England offense.
but I need to pass that stupid class!! Ugh it sucks. I didn't start yet either.
don't be scared, its not that bad
if only this were in Boston....
they hate you too
thats something that we would have to talk about....on to the next one...i have other situations happenin rignt now
Breakfast at iHop.
A Lady In The Streets But A Freak In The Sheets ;) >>>>> <3
lost my phone in PCB, if you need me message me on FB or tweet at me for now
If you cannot find your way out of a situation find a way futher in
Use the subway for the first time!
Bwhaha. So that was the elephant in the room.
cant wait for #Angryboys this sunday!!!
I hope we are slow at work today
So now y'all OKC fans ?...im done.
I'm glad that I could help make that virtual listening possible. Now to put all I've heard into action. Bit by bit.
#DontEvenThinkAbout telling me what to do. punk.
same here
Oh good the undergrads are sleeping. Nobody disturb them in their deep thoughts.
Heat advisory, bad weather. Taxis are dependable and safe. Tell me how the ride was. Thanks MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality.
almost broke my phone way too many times this week...
Lovely to meet you Coreene! #ThankYou for connecting!
We're also looking for a Grill Specialist.....breakfast experience a plus
Dear people who makeout in my church parking lot, Youre not cool #findanewspot #unclassy 👎🙅 Sincerely, Concerned churchgoer
My sister just broke my favorite plate. Bought it at a garage sale in Andersonville. Sigh. Another incentive to hurry up and move out lol
Got my plane ticket for Arizona next Friday. Fairly packed for Nashville. Im excited in being one step closer to this new chapter in life.
follow me please and can u shoutout me
Yes u can. you can do anything you put your little mind to. lmao
you're welcome! :) x
LOL - bummer tho, b/c its been a nice excuse for procrastinating on things I don't want to do .. :)
Sad day...leaving #palmsrpings and the warm sunny weather back to snowy
& my dad bought the steering wheel lock when that happene to him
Ozzie Guillen gives not a single solitary fuck lmao
#MentalNote: Don't do business with TD Ameritrade and continue disliking the Cubs.
thats easy lol my absolute fav is the cutie i love him so much lol
I gained 6 pounds in Philadelphia. jeez.
hell :D
If market via email, letting people opt-in is the only non-douchey option. I shouldn't have to opt-out if I never opted in.
#iq2atheism Time! Dammit. Shut up and follow the rules!!!!!
Things just fucking happen all the time, and I guess it'll become ether for me. Who knows.
My homegirl leaves me a message, telling me to call her when I get done eating...called her when I got done and she didn't answer.
that FG is huge, too.
Enjoying my last days of freedom... Ah real life is coming!!!
Host Fred @ Fat Face Fenner's Fishack / F's open mic says the Coyotes are in the Top 5 best performers to F'S !
do it me to <3 beach tomorrow :)
After an hour of interrogation, we're in Canada!
yep tell him I sunt ya
hahah na babes every other girl can have him all about the music for me plus im taken ;)
oh nob hill. Just a few more months.
Guardian Title Holiday party tonight at Santos in Middleburg Hts.- amazing time! Thanks to all our beloved customers for making it possible!
Some people really do want you to go in on them. So much in life is clearly pre-meditated.
When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy.” ― Rumi
How big is the frying pan?
I agree totally on KJ & the city's side on this. They should build a PNC sized ballpark if San Jose falls thru for the A's.
Man idec I did nothing wrong anyways. *SHRUGS*
Con't - we still have so much to learn up there! Because when things are so sad down here, we need to look up for something bigger than us.
Smokin Tunes music festival & BBQ cook-off in the works to launch in 2012. TuneTees music themed custom tees right around the corner...
Headed home tommorow morning.
sup with all this old music my homie?
YMCA it's been way too long
What text analytics tools can anyone recommend to extract RDF from Word documents?
One of my "kids" wrote me, said I was spamming. Truth is, I have been involved in a web venture, also. Send a lot of tweets about it.
"Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans." John Lennon
So yeah I'm on a hunt for book binding materials cuz I just bought a binding press . Yeah !
it's nice when the puppet master enjoys his work
Ladies Night! $5 Entry for all you Bettys who appreciate Bettys! Amateur Night begins at midnight....Registration from 10pm-11pm...
lol.. I'm just saying.
Showers always make me sleepy.
Good for him. Outclassing some others there.
WHERE ARE YOU
man, why do i hate eating broccoli so much?
why thank you! my blog is definitely in its infancy. your site is awesome. these pendants are beautiful!
Can't wait to see party pics and hear this great news!
try the Mango! A wise man told me it is the secret productivity weapon.
“: shoutout to #BeardGang”<-- back at ya
just rode the bmx all the way to bayshore to see finn and he WASN'T THERE. my asshole is like prolapsing right now
this is like putting chocolate on the table in front of a kid and telling him it's totally delicious... But also poison
We're putting most of our energy into our other twitter account that has wider appeal: Be sure to follow!
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. – Aristotle
KABOOM RT : #USC receives the commitment of Joliet (Ill.) four-star running back Ty Isaac Tuesday.
This should be interesting ....
You can't love them into loving themselves.
Can't wait until my lease is up and I won't have to deal with huge problems that shouldn't even be an issue!
Very Important Quote !:“Don’t find customers for your products, find products for your customers.” ~ Seth Godin
A massive thank u to my friend, sister, & lover for coming 2 hang @ Open Mic tonite! <3
Hi #s12tot - I'm from the University of Virginia, old friend of your teacher.
i have a couple songs to finish today and a video to do for monday some really good songs coming up:)
Yes I know Jason Crouch. Looking forward to your tweets!
You are the colors you chose.
There's 'acting earnest for the sake of humor' and then there's what Corey Feldman is doing in this movie.
It was a nice sentiment! Thank YOU!
Thanks for the #FF love!! Have a great weekend!
I agree--i have too, mainly through work.
What u on fam? What's good?
I'm a cop u idiot
Chick with Lauren Hill blaring out your nose: Turn it down or get a decent pair of headphones.
thinking about being zombie massage therapists this halloween. hey, the undead need some relaxation too, right? Happy Halloween weekend!
“: I need to get the hell out of douglasville” yeah u do!!!!
We do! What're you brewing in there?
That's Fairmont HS for you right?
thank you for the RT!
scouted him many times. Closer. Good pressure on QB. Ran a 4-3, had hand in dirt. Gets low to ground.
g what's up
Realizing that as of Thursday, I haven't seen or worked with in over an entire period.
very entertaining! Howard Stern is amazing!
Thank you Steve for Transforming our future!
Closing nite for "Witness for the Prosecution." Round of applause for director and the cast.
thanks darling
I would be pissed off if I was a New York fan. There is no reason that the NBA & NHL have to schedule both teams at same time
Big co's advertised on Rush Limbaugh show and didn't know it. Expect audits of ad placement. Who is hawking your product?
This nigga said he was from Long Beach but couldn't remember what st. I never heard him say #CityByTheSea #Thabeach #LB #BeachCity SUSPECT
Just shows how lovely a fully competitive league really can be
SO disappointed with the final of the Westminster Dog Show! 6 Great dogs & the judge chose THAT? Makes you wonder...
‎"Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results." Must...do...things...differently...from....now...on..
I wish I could have a shirt that says that!!!
Sun inscence! Is the best
Allegro performed in Cleveland Ohio on June 12 --now onto Akron Ohio on July 9 for another Italian festival. www.allegrodancecompany.net
DEFINITION OF GIG - Gig is a term commonly used by musicians with reference to their performances.
Are you on ? We are! Follow us at visitplano.
Haha I know, I was all dressed up yesterday...but today was museum day and I was in the hood.
I'm Going To Teleport Myself To My Dreams..Its Just A Matter Of Time Now...
Retweet this and I'll give you a shoutout!!
i was so hungry that i bought some greasy ass #bojangles...then smashed, now i regret it :(
The Mudhoney Papers
In the morning: thesis defense. Now: "Duane Barry" (X-Files s2e5).
I remember when I woke up with a black eye
This last week of school has been great!
Brass Monkey
going 2 Apple Hill with the family, it should be pretty fun. the apple&pumpkin pies r downright delicious. then going shopping later! (:
thanx for the Whitney video, you said it plain and simple..
Grading is finally done. First year completed. Now to write and start packing.
Be thankful for what the Moms do today they are not perfect and life without them would be so hard...
Thanks! Happy Friday to you too!
don't be jeals ;-)
This is a verified account, folks RT Had some really good meat loaf for a late dinner.
Just made it back. #sleepy!
Now I'm excited. XD
"Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful."
who is getting boot on Idol?
Y U NO work well with Safari?
The world belongs to nice people!!!!
Way to go!
Don't you mean 20,000?
Cookie Dough ^.^
😁 RT : Already started drinking!!!!! Our night has begun!!!!!!!
nope, they aren't worth it at all. Deceiving indeed!
Internet Marketing Inc. Begins Its Summer Internship Program
Whatever. I've waited long enough. Going to bed...
May the 4th be with you!
Perhaps of lack of creativity.
RT : Bombshells at the with cool Chihuly tribute in yarn
D-E-Z a street nigga, betta check the resume/ I ain't pay my dues,now thats sumn they could never say
No one single audition will make or break your career unless you suck.
I Can't Stop - Flux Pavilion #nowplaying #over and over... I Can't Stop
Your avi keeps switching...showing different levels of hotness LMAO!
End of April was found
Explaining a teapot pouring/is an answer to an answer./I sip to make it dissapear.
is performing LIVE tonight from 7-11pm
I'm playing at Mickey's on Williamson at 10pm - I'll be in town early to play on radio and an open mic too
what will u do today that u do today (that u've wanted 2 do for awhile) ?
U remind me of a girl that i once knew
we had this test today and I had like 6 D's in a row so I was like "SCREW THIS! I DONT GIVE A CRAP!" smh
Thinking about the cruelty of the commercial farming industry is enough to make me go veggie again
don't let him talk to you like that! RT : Bout to pull the robbery on bryans girl!
I love
hi boo....miss you a loto
I have no beers in my fridge...
Inter Milan vs. Milan 1-0, Milan is playing shitty
SIN SPECIALS! 1/2 OFF TAP BEERS & $3 ROOT BEER BOMBS!
Going to bed, I want this piece of shit day to end.
I just missed about a $400 exacta at the derby, but at least I got the win
Tilda = Flock of Seagulls. But I ADORE HER.
i'm so bad at talking
Just put out the baskets and amazingly all the bags of candy equally divided into three. Sucks for he was planing on extra
Listening to Joe ... If I was your man... Loving it!
ON MY JOURNEY HOME. Now available. End of life care thru the eyes of your loved one on a end of life event.
I honestly thought today was Thursday. What the fuck 😂 lol.
RT : Want to have instant retweet success at #cl11? Complain about Cisco Licensing #fail. And boom goes the dynamite. > LOL
agree, if you link #QRcodes to a desktop formatted site then go home and pull out a record listen to it backwards
& Hello Followers.
Still uploading pix from chocolate making party to fb- had such fun- will tweet when complete
you mean choir?
I can't have it idling low on me all the time
#cnfdntl will be out soon, 4/20 is the day so keep an eye out for a bunch of new shit from myself and
Obama just came out in full support of gay marriage! how excited are you?!
Improptu Alpha night with the Green Book. Everyone should see it. Great actors.
where are you?????
i guess my little brother thinks he ne-yo in the shower lol he going in on that song...lmao
: Just a couple rows back from the windows, but watching on tv... Typing like crazy!
Little brother and their new Orange uniforms will have plenty of excuses. Davidson can beat UL.
Shout Out 2 & 92BPM! Big Up!
not yet. but i have a few concepts and ideas in mind ;)
"Increasingly, the mass marketing is turning into a mass of niches." - Chris Anderson, Author of The Long Tail
yup. Thought that there would be more mobile implications—unless I missed those...
lol just finished my 6 page what you writing about?
Well not really I just felt like saying that cause you got punched
RT "The beneficiaries of a system cannot be expected to destroy it" -A. Philip Randolph
me! What room r u fellas in?
Despite attacks on pub. ed, most teachers do their job & make the lives of kids better. I think a sleeping giant is about to awake
dude just watched food inc last night. learned stuff; appreciated the grossout factor. wish narrative thread had been tighter
Looking forward to Eric Jennings show Bella's Pizzeria tonight 7-11PM!!!
follow me
Hang over with the Ninja Turtles. I love it lol
it's coo it ain't big tho haha
how many sacks you going for this year, bruh?
“The best way to complain is to make things.” - James Murphy
Paul Martin on the ice for all 3 Boston goals tonight LOL
Passed near tonight. That guy's all right.
Hey, I just met you...and this is crazy..but here's my number..so call me, maybe?! 'Morning America!! 8 hours till #OccupyTequila kicks off!
i made the freakin west volleyball team ! i'yes
Forget it. Everytime KU has a chance to take the lead they can't quite get there. Been tied and down by 1 but KU manages to screw it up.
#SkySAN is a flexible & interchangeable technology that allows users to upgrade w/ ease. Learn more here: bit.ly/mYuMC2
lol what's wrong
Get excited at the Vol De Nuit Belgian Beer Lounge. #skejidea via of
Today is going to be a long day...
why you think I Tweeted it LOL.....I keeps it real over here my mans....
today what got me out of bed is wondering how much media mail costs.
Do me a favor and DON'T flirt with my boyfriend. #k ?
Will be in Singapore International furniture Fair on March 9th.
Bet that is leftover trash from Wheatley's party on Friday. Should have put trash in the school's dumpster not in park!
This cloud 9 feeling. :D
smells so good. What is that scent? just came to :)
The secret is staying fueled w/ complex carbs that release a slow, steady stream of glucose. Is that right ?
Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading
Yup, always true. I wish everyday was "Take Your Cat to Work Day." RT I wish my cat was here.
as in viral
1 more day before winter break... and our honeymoon to Mexico!
dm your order number, well get it sent
Congrats to fellow Boilermaker, !!
NASCAR is worse. ": Hearing more eff-bombs at this motocross than an Al Pacino movie marathon. Wow lol. #yxj"
haha I love leg?!;)
so all the parts are annoying at night? Good thinking Anna...
I'm good :) what are you doing??
Food Fact of the Day: May 11, 1934 The Dust Bowl. One of the worst dust storms ever to hit the Great Plains occurred. It lasted for 2 days
And why is my wifi effin up.😒
A tongue may have no bones , but it can break hearts.
I didnt even giggle
Rad. I'm going to try and go. The Features are in town the same night (of course). TN takes over #RVA I'm set with tix.
Sorry, I should have left that alone. I have much more vivid memories of your pink Members Only jacket, anyway.
How is your week going?
girl you better get to working! I don't wanna be with sorry ass people every day
I've got a fantastic "Women in Tech" role model, Heather Hiles, CEO of #edtech start-up cc:
Social is the shift away from traditional marketing -- the let's see who can shout louder game -
indeed, Thank You!
Received my camp ska-no-ka-san letter today
What a bad baseball game, Marlins vs. Nationals, as a Former Montrealer I can't root for either! UGH!
so join us tomorrow your are invited 2years yeh!
This having actual paying work + having a weekly class + having a kid with a mysterious injury + not sleeping well for months thing. Yeah.
Friday evening through Sunday, City Hall. Even if you don't come for the whole weekend, you should drop by Friday to socialize
Anyone remember, "My Date With the President's Daughter"?
It's still not ok, but when you look at the entire play I really don't think Artest was maliciously trying to elbow Harden in the head.
The nights past so much quicker than the days did..
#movers available at Your request!!! There is usually 1-2 trucks available everyday to make a last-minute move! Working on weekdays/weekends
#Brewers pitcher Chris Narveson had surgery today to repair his left labrum & rotator cuff (Dr. William Raasch). Recovery time is 9 months.
Remember Sunset Island Music trades under the stock symbol SIGO
IM SO tired night!!<3
Im done had my last one today It didn't cheer me up so I'm over them
and he's no longer muttering. full on speech and commentary, folks. (@ the intersection of scared and amused)
We Are the World above Blonde on Blonde? Come on now..
Gotta love this sunshine. Portland looks like socal right now. Get out and enjoy it
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible. - Jonathan Swift
Both structural & relaxation massage are better than usual care for LBP. Massage is great, it doesn't matter what you call it!
Doing great! It was wonderful-thanks! How r u?
yeah omg. It's on the candy one.
was in Albuquerque tonight???
According to the 2010 Census, there are currently about 16.3 million public school students in grades 9 to 12 in the United States.
lol love u!
Appreciate the encouragement! *Tweeting virtual truffle brownies to you*
TGIF, what a fucking week. My Medcard expires tomorrow :( gotta pay the 30 buck renewel LAME!
dude! iCarly is lucky to have you. congrats! RT : How is every winner of the Kids Choice Awards not pizza?
I'm about to have lunch with my second grader at his school :)
"If you haven't slept on a couch for awhile, you aren't chasing your dreams hard enough" -Wilson Better
Seabreeze was a blast and we don't have any big events coming up for a few weeks. It's a welcomed change having a breather!
im so #tired like hell :)
": I will be front and center :-)" I know you are and thank you for the support!!
I only have one more week of summer school!!!!!!!!
Cum c me perform at Broadway comedy club on Nov 18th at 700pm in nyc watch me do my sinbad thing
"Like" my status if you like Free Ticket Friday! txt "Jam" to 69822 when you hear "Moves like Jagger' before 10am
Shoutout to for the hookup... Old & Gray by Maps & Atlases is great!
Great to see you at the game on Saturday!
Rather an hour early than a minute late.
Two things I hate doing at work: getting a call from the president and taking a shit
It accomplishes something that is rare in CA, it stops the collection of a fee that has been in place for close to 20 years
Low Anthem putting on the best opening show I've ever seen.
“:When you meet the boys:Bring a pair of boxers, give it to them, say ''you left it at home'' and walk away like a boss.” THIS
why it makes it so hard to plan, plans need to rely on ppl making right calls (est. roles & responsibilities)
Good morning! I only have 3 days left of school! Yay! :]
Watching Transformers marathon somebody HMU ;)
Green Room mattresses for the guys not selected tonight? But I am happy Brady Quinn has someone to talk to in there.
So...my other account is broken for a bit it seems. If you wanna chat, write me here.
#BathroomTweet its officially a problem
#JustinAndJohnson yea buddy !
Yeah, I doubt any NFL team takes a chance on him. I'm sure he's at least a year a way from being in any kind of shape, anyways.
No more goats!!!
share the WiFi info, please?
's New Single 11:11 Is On Replay! I Love It.I Got Yelled At By A Teacher For Playin It Too Loud..It Was Worth It :)
Why, oh why, would you have been on that wagon?! Got you covereDD now.
Looking forward to great weekend of training in Charlotte NC! See y'all there!
...saying that the Son of Man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men, and be crucified, and the third day rise again ~ Lk 24:7
There are still 2 of my Payton ppl who I haven't seen since I moved...wtf is going on.
Judge a book by its cover.
Good Morning! What a wonderful productive week so far. Keeping up the momentum! How's your week so far?
It's been hours and I STILL have the images of that chapter in my head. Total chaos and my heart just sank. A total nightmare!
En route to see my 👶👵 baby mama
Jets now have the 2 worst passing QB's.
I would like to personally thank all of the veterans this Veterans day for their bravery in defending our lives. Thank you
The fact that most people didn't understand Paul's Boutique only made me love it more.
Substitution, USA. Robbie Rogers replaces Michael Bradley.
has no friends because hes a ginger and is too exotic...like ranch dressing. ;)
Zayn dancing with his friends tho.... I guess his hips don't lie either. M
It's going to be a great Tuesday in Denver, CO.
yep, exactly my thinking. U can improve your artistic ability, but the time needed to improve compared 2 coding is exponential
- Ha! What?… Well, I guess those last 3 articles may have been pretty nerdy, I guess… :)
Lol he's already wearing it that night ;)
who wants to know what I look like
came home after a run and found a pizza and a box of popeyes waiting for me. really!?! i'm destined for obesity.
what's the point of that, i ask you?
WHY did they wave Byrd in from 3rd
ate too many trader joe's vanilla cookies
Grateful the reported barrage of "nasty blogs" about me has subsided.
No, because it is singularly awesome
Bad betch central
MTV First: Taylor Swift
When you start using #HashTags in your text messages don't expect a text back from me...
from experience fish! specifically, betta fish. they are impossible to kill. hamsters smell and apparently bite...oops.
RT Monday's promotion is: 2 for 1 pasta entrée!(choose from: sofia bella, marinara, pasta fresco, or pesto alfredo)
"People relate to specifics, not generalities. Give specific quirks, and we see ourselves in them."-Todd Mitchell
i hate when people make me want to stab them in the arm with a spoon. stop being annoying and disappointing.
Wish I was on campus for #MarylandDay, looks like it will be incredible.
are u guys going to restock on the low 11s or CAV 4s
I think we should all do one big reunion at scorps instead of designating one house to meet at...right?
all the whispering, feels like you're hiding in an attic in the netherlands.
- Thanks for the follow!
#np BO$$ - For The Love feat. J.R. Str8 Barz
Or should his new nickname be shark? Cause he's mean sometimes. Or maybe dolphin?
Raggs.com is having a contest looking for 100 kids ages 3-7 to win a chance to be on the show,just by being kids
Saw a sign that said "don't drink and drive during the holiday." I guess people are hitting communion hard this year?
#LiveMusic today at 5 with Chris Johnson..... Come see us!!!
Just go up to watch the f1 race. Hope its good !!! Have a good people on twitter
RT : Roti Hiring Event. Tue, May 8th. 2pm–4pm @ 10 S. Riverside Plaza Chicago, IL. Hiring Team Members and Shift Managers.
Thank you, Same to you!
Curious to see what he does this year!
I look up to you as a smart and educated black woman and i know you can help the brother out. am sure u not like that.
On the #BTOP express back to bwi after #midcourse. Thanks for a great conference!
#nwill2011 Tips to start: pick low-hanging fruit. Match tool to desired outcome. Don't feel like everything has to be interactive. Plan!
omg DAY 2??!! You're amazing.
This is really sad lol #Lakers its gne b a short series aha....bt it may nt Never Count Kobe Out!!!!
Stoked for the opportunity! RT : not even sure I can associate with you until you do!
HOT NEW PRODUCER... #BeatsonDeck For samples...send me ya email
Ralph would also say why choo-choo choose Groce? Clearly a panic hire. Nobody wanted the job. Alums are embarrassed.
First night of camp and feeling like this :/
Dear thanks for the bad ass white LED street lights in Marlborough Mesa! High tech!
Sounds good. Have a Happy Easter.
Your at your worst, your more beautiful than your best.
Were on iTunes! Buy our EP!
Drinking straight Skyy. Help
In my 1st 2,000 tweets, I did not: tweet my privates, create an international incident, enrage my wife. Can I stay so well-behaved?
Yes. /: Brundun, help me. Where are you? Mag Lab?
yay!! #go bulls
so weird u didn't talk to me 4months and now u cal my boyfrïenð and ask abut me
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do." -- Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe, Author
need a tan yo
im actually on thiss.
it will be a jolly time.
now it is
Joe Paterno is lucky he's not leaving Penn State for the state Pen
#NW Duck Dynasty
I did that one time and the girl didn't remember me!
it would be worth the 18 hr drive for a dole whip! :-)
i will  thst mf and  his if that mf doesnt check his  
Yesterday was amazing! Drum to a heartbeat!<3
Who's been to MOCA 4 Mike D's exhibition? Any tips 4 a visit? Best time to go or other exhibits 2 view bf/after?
Fasten your seatbelt for the next 5!
ERIN! I miss you woman! (:
hey there, can you follow me so I can DM you my email? Thanks!
Fishbowl II with virtuoso clarinetist Bill Kalinkos was an incredible success. SO glad to see all the new faces!
Oh damn.
Rizzle Stay Arguing With EARL!
How to Protect Yourself from The Evil Eye by Kathryn Vercillo
Jon we all poke fun with puns & stuff when it come to our teams. The type of stuff people tweet like that is ridiculous.
Awesome, Praise God!
ABP Copy is a great place to work!
needs to stop writing songs about my life. Haha.
I commented on the post. I was critical, but you bring up some good points. I certainly wasn't expecting your take, tho! :)
SHOUT TO MY NIGGA ! WE GON BE IN WESTPORT PUB DOIN IT BIGG - COME MESS WIT US - CAN'T FIND ME-LOOK FOR THE T20 BANNER
LOL - lets not even go to the second rule...
going to the game tonite with friends, Let's go Chilling in Vegas!!!! Welcome to Las Vegas ladies!! Go Chill Go!!
Everything is going very well. I'm tryin to live it up and do it big. That's all I can do. Glad to hear youre doing well. :-)
Shouldn't an actor join AFTRA just after booking an AFTRA TV show?
really wanting something more
youre the man my friend. we're thinking of doing a Do Dinner tomorrow night in London. you in?
It's hard to be confidant in oneself when all people want from is sex and sex alone. Aren't I worth more then that? Sigh...
Just 3 more likes to 900 :)
I wish i can go!! but I can't. xxxloveyousomuch
RT : If you had to move to a state besides the one you currently live in, where would you move? >No where but Texas!!!
networking, trying to get in touch with every female r&b artist out. HELP!!! Lol
when in Ukraine why was everything served with onions?curious watching no reservations.love the show by the way(:
have i ever said this before ?- i wish i was part of family god i love him flakito chulo i miss you !!! hugs and kisses ;-)
The Nuggets play against the Utah Jazz tonight at 10:30 p.m. ET. Go, Nuggets!
Unless the message said I want your naked body. THAT'S ME!
...Also because they have the same size limbs.
O'Reilly is slashed IN THE FACE leaving a blood trail to the bench, and no call. What do the have to do to get a PP this season?
I want an inertia canceller for Christmas!
This girl tweets are starting to piss me off. Don't be rude to/about MJ's fam but claim u love MJ to death. U know he wouldn't accept that.
Vanessa Hudgens Straddles Boyfriend Austin Butler Poolside (PHOTOS) Whoa, PDA overload! Confusing the resort ’s patio as their own priv
Andrew Bynum is weird.
Failure lies not in falling down. Failure lies in not getting up. ~ Chinese Proverb
new york, gives me a massive headache!! i heart ypsi
The lord always makes a way outta no way I swear
- thanks for the shout out! Cheers!
Not gonna lie, I was jealous for a minute there!
I promise to love you forever, every single day of forever…
If you have a short or a web-series to promote, tweet at us, we'd love to see it!
Good question! RT Which is harder? Changing physicians or patients behavior?
just saw this. email me!
For a beer-swillin rockin good time, we suggest you check out Lucero tonight at
when some fit lad accepts your friend request then messages you saying 'hey do i know you?' and then thinking of an excuse
Any idea who they hired? It has been hush hush as any I have ever seen.
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
Thank you deja(:
The TEDtalk and the David clip convinced me.
Tonight: Janice Yoes Studio Recital @ Stella Boyle Smith Concert Hall, 7:00PM. The public is invited, admission is free. music.uark.edu
NU option pass | That was pathetic series | Back down by 10 points |
&#39;The Expendables 2&#39;: All-star cast feature in explosive first trailer
Yeah, that totally happens when you don't follow people huh? They simply unfollow you. Telling everyone you don't follow?
And we love our Grandma!
Nicely done. “: owning a cat seems to be fairly standard. Haven't met many that couldn't hold their liquor.”
Crazy 3 months & LOTS of music written. Thursday is golf w/ Wahoo!
Whats you're worst grammar mistake pet peeve; hint; its obvious their are several in this sentence!
yo its all good ahk, thanks for the well wishes, ... im doing a show in the g in may
Wait after the credits of "Battleship" there's still more.
RT if you love Austin Carter Mahone(:
everywhere I looked yesterday I saw a Capital Bikeshare bike! I love it though and think it is faboosshh for madre earth ;)
I have a cousin like thaat too . Shes so annoying
Hey with all the money Crean makes at IU shouldnt he be able to afford a better haircut? Even a mullet would be better
You haven't taught for a while, have you? ;)
Is #Izzo going to be the next #Cavs coach? WWW.ussportspages.com
must stop with these sad tweets. I don't think any of us can handle it!
My dad's first mistake this morning is going to church w.o me, his second was leaving the hair clippers where I can see them.
All for the love of money
Morning! You can't beat a #Subway breakfast melt and coffee when it comes to getting the day started. Bring it, Wednesday. Bring it.
Calling my phone like I can do something for you. Honestly I'm doing worst than you.
Do you guys still have a getglue sticker? I'd like to get it!
you're stretching too fast -_-
I could watch Say Yes to the Dress all day.
happy reunion give it a "make-up" tuning
All servers are operational. Please follow and DM your acct info so that we can look into this. ^CB
Any friends want to hang out in vegas while I am in town this week to the 15th?
Just heard about a great internship opportunity relating to medical research in the Boston area.
i knew IT! hahah
just got out of shower gosh everyone's a critic
Michael Manganiello: NCATS gives patients hope,
Rehearsal in Times Square today. Hoping the snow/ice let me make it home tomorrow.
"We'll continue this dialogue to the extent that students find it valuable." -- whether 10 or 75 students show up.
I'm paranoid..
Flirting while in a relationship is highly disrespectful, and while it may seem harmless, can be very hurtful to the person that loves you.
Great minds talk about ideas, average minds talk about events, small minds talk about people.
Special guest appearance? alrighty then
The 3 Ms: Meaningful, Memorable, and Motivational. via Michael Allen
yea yea. Did he tell you why?
Compliance and social media CAN be friends. Well, maybe frenemies
I am very empathetic. My wife has been through a lot of medical problems.
a kid in India hates you at this very moment
Rubio, Walker, Cantor, Ryan, Issa, Preibus...they are all the same. Blah, blah. Is there an original thought in those collective pea brains?
Rondo is killing! Fingerprints all over this game. Assists, steals, impact.
I'm tired of being horny all the time!!! Ugh!!!
RT : Under no circumstance should somebody let their friendship/relationship end after hearing a petty rumor.
Is it normal? Or time to get back to a doc & ck it out? You've had some stressful assigns lately... Glad you're back on Twitter
WUDUP DOE, CHECK OUT THE MUSIC AND OFFICIAL VIDEOS
In addition to pledging $5 million forthe victims in Japan,GE is matching $ for $ donations from its employees and retirees
its no one's business really haha.
YOLO man!!! Yeaahhh party all night yeeahhh!!! #ThumbsDown *fart noise with my mouth* ....idiots.
are you happy with CrashPlan so far?
What do you know about eating bacon? What about Ms. Piggy?
being a fag right now stealing stephinies food
I hate when people brag about money they know they inherited and act like thier balling off of money they earned
I so love an authentic political debate free from sensationalism and anger. Therefore, I hate election season.
That awkward moment when you try to pass sombody the blunt but they not look'n so you hit again & they turn they head so as you hit it
Pretty sure I love my life right now:)
LMAO at people who are at the gym for less than 30min and don't do anything....if you aint hurtin, it aint working!
No officer, my speech is not slurred. I am just speaking in cursive.
Welcoming our Concept Art for Videogames and Photoshop workshops students this a.m. w/ the infamous Manny Carrasco as their instructor!
Hey I'm creating this see jane rock fan twitter to let everyone know about See Jane Rock!
i speak my truth with compassion
RT have often asked the same question about a dance RT Whats the size threshold @ which a dot becoms a polka dot?
Okayy I Just Followed You
They do. They have to. The line is just too crazy otherwise. I could see a riot starting if given the opportunity. Lol
Not even a thought! * wiping sweat off forehead* I thought you were going to step up!!! JK
Taking off for the gym...so beautiful out right now
Your the sex, or at least the blow job.
I am such a loser I only have 66 followers can somebody help me!!
is working on the marketing plan for next month's release of HellHouse's "Economic Stimulation" DVD
thanks boo (: “: Happy birthday to my boo <3”
I Was Just Singing What I Was Reading, Cause I'm #CoolLikeThat .
so so :D is it correct if I say " Yo soy mahomie. Austin es tan lindo. " ? :D
She sucked my dick and then swallowed it an put the cock back in my jeans... Nasty
Even while about to die, Tyler Jon Tyler still cheers me up. Zombies gnawing bone. not ready to die.
I want you to know how I feel<3
Everyone starts out a beginner. The most important step is to begin. Get up, get moving, do something healthy today!
Yeah, u need a shower flow, u STINK!!! I can smell u all the way from CCity...lol;-)
If Twitter had a like but this would get thumbs up RT : All in!!
first time here-sound system is awesome!
you are right and depending on your definition of active im likely guilty of it too. working to improve everyday though
listening to your,music..
I love to sleep when it's stormy.
hey girlie(: u were all up on my man today!
does not show links when they are shared from individual to group. can this be fixed?
why does she ignore me? I just wanna say hi😃
wondering if we will see Melo in today's #cuse game...
1st free drink is for Zipsters only but you can still join and sign up at our happy hour!!
Welcome new luvs: ! Thanks for following!
It's definitely worth a try! Thanks!
I would way rather sleep than go out with friends. #LazyProbz #WaitWhatFriends ?
After that I'll head to Florida where it's quite steamy. “: Vegas in June should be quite crispy”
good morning(:
valid like salad
You may not remember this, but exactly one year ago you briefly CEASED TO EXIST.
got fucked up in starcraft today
Romans 13:1-3 says to "submit to governing authorities," but speak out w/ candor & grace when God calls you to do it.
I might celebrate #NationalMargaritaDay with a glass of wine.
It would take that much money to get me to live in Indianapolis.
I don't think you'll function well for much longer. Go get some sleep! ♥
party over here wooop wooop! Lol happy birthday boo ! 😁🎉🎈🎂
Did anyone else notice tht Florida 3 definitely should have been a 2
>>same!! Stayin on it workin on some new material
It's lesson-plan-writing time. How does one summarize Parkes on Anglicana/Secretary in 30 seconds?
waiting for friends to go to the beach. I'm gonna meet the sea again.
Why do babymoma ask me for shit? If her man the shit! Not right!
Just had a great convdrsation with Kelly Ann Collins on Twitter. See you soon KAC!
Preparation of documents relating to annual meetings of public and private corporations.
RT : They could make a dope college game if they invested in it as much as they do in college football
comcast has 50mbit service available now ($100/month), and announced 150mbit by the end of the year. *drool*
Did you go to the #Chiefs draft party tonight?
I need an adrenaline rush right now..
I wish I was apart of whatever and is talking about
At least I get this sweet Quattro Quarterly magazine and can keep up with the latest in the aftermarket Audi work.
Kansas City has lost 11 in a row. Seems like it would be mean to make fun.
I mean that was embarrassing even for his standards
I will never be a bridesmaid in a wedding. I can't stay still too long, and you have to stand up in one spot for a long time.
New video up at the #PeaceCorps blog; part of an interview with returned #SouthAfrica volunteer Michelle Bond. www.suddenwalk.com
Only a few days. But the legend will live for centuries.
6'6 my a$^ lol yall in the best buy classic right??
excuse me I'm grown lmfao
Finance class = struggle bus
I'm hungry. What to eat?
Nope default install. It opens the image once PS is open, but not launch+open image. This happens in CS5.X and CS6.
damn that's cold
Heh, I had them as a late night snack.
okay thanks(:
They talkin shit behind my bitch back gotta be talkin bout her fat ass!
RT : Kudos to the PSU students who raised $10.68M for THON charities. Great way to show the world what defines you.
hey whats ur CP name!!! i will add you
some are less surprising than others
"It shoulda been you, Gordon." /tears
My knicks look good tonight!
About to read The House of the Scorpion a second time.
Looking forward to getting back in the studio
I wasn't looking when I stumbled on to you, must have been fate.
The breakfast club
really? The race card?
Me too. Mine came back quickly - I hope the same for
I need to make sure I have everyone RSVP send me ur mgr info.
Snow Snow and more snow
When it does happen...
The European Central Bank has said it will buy eurozone bond, following emergency talks on the debt crisis.
I've been anticipating #LAL for awhile now homie. I know its going to be dopeness.
hey! Thanks for the RT!!!!
“: N wat order would u fight these niggas brue lee ali mike tyson n kimbo”----kimbo,ali,mike then Bruce lee
I love playing mind games with a guy that thinks he's the one playing mind games.
Agreed! Loved the quotes. RT : killed it. Great presentation!
gotsta be a hoot w 5 mfkrs sharing 1 account ;) jstnmfnhgn i lub me some sat morning musings in my undies..twattin iz fun..what up tonight?
#fredwilson says "I always thought children learned color theory from their mothers."
Today i cured cancer and aids! Then i woke up and ate some cereal!
I have 2 lemurian seed crystals, Awsome energy in these little babys!
Thank you David Fincher for yet another just awesome film. Social Network for best pic! You are so due.
Nice meeting you tonight. Great Job!
No just last night. Drew will be playing next week, McGee will not!
