Great offseason so far for the
Advertisers! Get in on the action for our special Holiday Shopping edition! Email before Nov. 11
but all the guys at my school are 5 feet tall and douches.
:D ok i will be looking for you there
Laugh Until You Cry Cry Until You Laugh...
Yes! Love ALL2~think of #frontporch Gals as #hmcct Gals~we got CT name from :)
same avon Indiana haha
What up?? Headed to Florida, about to get it in!! Orlando here I come...
Too much  all in one night #feeling shitty
Getting hungry
Performance tonight
#orphans8 Heather Heckman and Mark G Cooper presenting now on The Roman Vishniac Film Collection at MIRC
Pauly D should get punk'd. Or be the one punking someone. That would be hilarious 😂
play hard and smart today!
When you are faced with stumbling blocks in life, keep a positive attitude & turn those blocks into stepping stones!
There is still time to stop by booth 43 to visit Interfolio and enter for a chance to win that awesome iPad 2!
I'm a bit upset Mike McKenzie wasn't pursued by the Lions. He got off the plane yesterday and rocked the field tonight against the Pats.
fine but they are amazing
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight....I'm waiting for, waiting for
Anybody wanna buy 2 prom tickets because I can't go cuz my knee and they won't give refunds
Yup Fab declared. Big spot in the middle waiting for you.
I so regret picking up hours today its a beautiful day I much rather be sitting on the beach
Tonite EMBERS, a jazz opera, based on the novel in poems of the same name by writer/poet/teacher Terry Wolverton.
The all-new JAGIMO! website is up! jagimo.com
When taking an Aftereffects class it might be worth having Aftereffects on your computer when the teacher assigns homework.
it's just us. We are playing an 8 song set.
Great article for parents unsure about study abroad! RT Study Abroad Tips for Parents fb.me/1kXPbIhCf
I couldn't make the luncheon too. First time in like 4-5yrs now.
Plz remember to keep your dog indoors today. It is way too hot for dogs outside. And give dem treats. And toys... and nom noms...
Katy Perry's homemade video to Call Me Maybe is adorable. She was pretending to play director. :')
Wonder if we could sell our services to the barometer-deprived?
Happy Valentines Day! Celebrate love today. Go and tell your friends and family that you love them.
RT : Because I have God in my life, I know that no matter what I go through, everything will turn out fine in the end.
Steely Dan is amazing but Steeleye Span is something else... check it out :)
I just cant get enough!:D
ive followed. Dm please?(: or follow too(:
Listeners, please submit your show topic suggestions for upcoming episodes. Hear Justin and Aaron battle it out on your topics!
Late lunch/ early dinner at the Corner Bakery. The trio salad dish is great!!!
What would a twitter news company be called? Twews?
Just had a man walk up to me and ask, "are you a golddigger?" Conferences are weird.
FIrst red card ever in women's #worldcupfinal. Wishing it were a penalty
I love America!! :)
All #ward5se candidates oppose doubling the Residential Parking Fee?!? I hope that's because at least some of them support quadrupling it!!!
See you there, Ami!
Dropping out doesnt sound to bad right now....
cara your sister was here, yes were related!!! :)
Thanks for the follow. How r u today
Down parka+hot bus=bad idea
I'm freezing :/
Ah, my mistake. I've never used an Android phone that wasn't rooted so I assumed you could do all the cool stuff sans root.
Is anyone integrating #Shazam with #MOG? We need an iPhone app that hears music and adds it to our MOG music library.
OUCH!! I gotta say though, it makes ya look tough! (also, I'm loving the side smirk!)
Agreed. That's why I respect the hell out of Jeter, even though I'm a Red Sox fan.
Seeing Rusko perform. Make sure to peep the video we did for his midwest tour with Steve Aoki!!
Thanks Josh!
Who dat playoffs
hope u are enjoying the Boulanger on the air now
lol. The back roads.
BOX O’ ART is on the move! Tonight Place 3225 8th Street, NE 6:30pm. Dancers, visual arts, music & more. Art that Moves indeed!
Refuse #mediocrity. Refuse #negativity. #Influence others to your way of thinking, not the other way around.
#Np Ashanti -rescue I LOVE THIS SONG!!!!!
RT : #hoodmemories flipping over atvs in the nursery and mules
Fraud/Ethics Hotlines & the whistleblowers that might use them. One wonders if hotlines are truly "global friendly". Was ich meine? 得到我的意思
absolutely.. I'll see you soon.. Appreciate you big fella
Thanks for spreading the word
Lol. Nah I'm cashing in some Groupons before they expire. I am def not built for cardio though.
Check out new 2012 Hot Bikini...
You said drama queens. That made me chuckle.
yelp i just woke up so its gonna be a long night haha so time to jam out to some ac/dc and others and play battlefield 3
My mom just walked out of the bathroom with a can of mashed potatoes flakes.
💩 thank you kid
he was a beast too
BSR day!!! I think the last time I was up this early for a reason was Retreat.
There is nothing more boring than sitting in a laundromat waiting for sleeping bags to dry.
Anyone headed to or previously been to SXSW? I'm looking for tips before I leave for Interactive on Friday!
: I just had your tweets about blog comments pop up at the exact same time! Both posts were great reads.
Hey there. Many thanks for your follows:
I am getting REVkick soon so i can be a mobile pro! :)
Good God! I should watch TV more often! CNN with Chopra et al on achieving a "soulful capitalism"
#NAPFA, #FPA et. al. take note. Finovate has power stations at most tables & WiFi antennas strategically placed for 1,200 people
So excited for this next week! New house. Berfday. Fashion show. Woot woot.
Ya know my birthday is soon so like ya know wanna make my life and #followbackmaybe?
Had the time of my life this past week, amazing new memories (haiti, jamaica, caymen islands, cozumel) AGAIN please!!!
bet. Can you email me the details sir? (Location, event....ect)
Watching Bheemaa on TV. Indian movie on ppv is great: they even have a Vikram movie I haven't seen!
Auntie's wedding today !
Save some green this St. Patrick's Day with a sale at #Successories. 10% off all Teamwork themed products. Use promo code TEAM at checkout.
Thankful I found an ice pick for the groundhog.
thanks for recommending!
They ain't crazy they don't know how insanity feels
That's how I feel
Just heard your interview on the Mike Heller show in Madison, I'll be in the BC on SUnday. Keep it up playa
Annoying ass teens on bikes have overrun Cousin's. Now, ironically I reminisce being one of these annoying punks, just cruisin with my buds.
What did everyone do this weekend to keep up their fitness momentum!?
lmao that was freaking hilarious! :'D
Confession19: I love a girl that will give her all to me
True, Arsenal had similar tug of war with England over Wilshere.
Niggaz Grab your dicc if you love hip-hop Bitches Rub your titties if you love Big Poppa
eek. Still not better?
We hope you had a good time in our town and our shared space!
Tell the refs you will keep the time on the shot clock with that sick timepiece you always rock :)
Wow... Just wow. That was perfect
It's free to be real! You can get much further in life being real! #be positive
Do you believe in freedom of speech?
You're not here next to me
I MISS You More !!!!!!! We Got To Hang ASAP !
pump your dad up to your college friends. I got a gift for you too. Miss & love you. Call you later.
no worries! i will be incredibly careful. i always knew i was meant to be in the circus when i used to hang upsidedown!
Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life. Burton Hills
#HappyHanukkah to all! Have a great holiday!
Website will be live by noon tomorrow!
Holy Shiz I retweeted like a million times. Wow I'm depressing
thats good and im fine thanks
My attitude is so fucked up that why I'm staying to myself today 😏
Go go sausage and ham! Awww gracie is so cuutte
just dropping a hello to you.
Of course. Good luck!
Excited to have a class discussion tonight with , author of Great Society Subway, about the history of Metro.
who will watch the watchers is the concept i prescribe to.
lmao! That's different! I can do all this on here, but in person I usually make an ass of myself somehow.
You know it's bad when you're encouraging #Bachelorette to not devolve into female stereotype before she's even met the guys
“: RT": I ride around with that Nina.!!! 😏" yeen gotta lie to us like dat”lmao
Just saw the dancing bicyclist. is that what u call him?
listening to radiohead creep
": wasn't Mars a part of the crew?" I'm Not sure, but now that u mentioned him that verse is stuck in my head
No sir, I believe you mean Andre 3000 looks like RG3.
Thx for the Follow! If u have any cute pics of your animals send them 2 us via a Tweet and we'll show them on our Website!
"We must build trust through scientific communities!
asdfghjkl thats my favorite app right now!
Great weekend. Hope my summer plays out just like this weekend did :)
What an awesome day here in SoCal
cloud how?
A new episode of the Two Plus Two PokerCast will be online after I get on the plane. How am I gonna sleep?
Wow! My computer is really slow today.... I have got to clean it out!
i fucking love this.
#090 you are pretty. you live in illinois and so do i. let's be best friends. lool
That's interesting! RT Sony tries to tweet 3 times a day and Facebook is most active on Sundays.
Love Vegas! You need to go to Cali once winter actually starts.crazy warm January. By far warmest Jan since I moved here.
All foods in moderation :) RT : Yes, it is, in moderation!
RT : RT : Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity. ~ George Carlin
I can't eat without TV.. lol
Just realized fully that summer had started for me on Friday...yes
I feel better now :) no more sore throat
can't wait to work on my Mapuche Shaman ink drawing this evening!
and I had a blast doing the work. You're a talented art director and a clear communicator, Mary!
Time to go on at Worlds for the end of Worlds 2012 show. Thanks to everyone who has made our ride and dream a reality...
Will be posting the schedule of as more details become available! #iacaucus #strawpolltravel So excited to sing!
true there's a lot of bad commercials starring annoying chicks. I don't know what it is lately.
ABNB credit union
hm, but I don't have a kindle -- my sony and my Nook won't be able to read your book :(
Hazard 64 Allen Central 6 -- FINAL
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." ~ Leonardo da Vinci
wanna go swimming? visit my background.
Who's your fave crew member?Tweet us name& location by 9am & we'll pick a tweet at random for you both to receive DD cards.
Ag Day at the capitol... Nomnomnom
Softball practice at 2pm!
Hell yes! You still in ?
..But if I affended you, Good! Cause i still dont give a fuck!
After years of pandering to the crowd, #rockstarteacher reinvents himself by dusting off some standards with a series of teaching icons.
sht same ole sht I been doing
starting to @ least. Get the keys today
Grand Prix? More like, Grand Pricks
Lots of great rib choices here at rib fest, and wine/beer for dessert!
Thank you!
Looks like another long night of work ahead of me,glad business is going so well, anyone need help marketing your website
Misses session. Is there a URL?
There A Prices to pay for everything
finding out the situation is the hard part, understanding it is another. -Graggbaby
A solid five hours of sitting for just under five minutes of running? Awesome.
yes thanks for the Birthday Message today. it means alot the spirit within me am and what is done through that spirit .thanks again F.W.
Where are all the trick or treaters? Not one yet.
I hope my behavior doesn't lead to my daughter's expulsion.
Thanks for the follow! Nice compilation site you have there!
yes i agree! ur cool as hell we should def hit up some parties and shit together!
See you boys tonight!
well share the love lol tweet me a plate wen u done haha
IT DOWN TONIGHT AM ON MY WAY TO THE HEAT GAME IN THE PARTY B US WITH SOME PEOPLE FROM THE BEACH HOPE TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
Happy birthday !!! Have a good one. Snap snap snap.
hahaha don't hit it and quit it! XD you KEEP hitting it okay ^-^ haha
thanks for the follow
i am so jealous you dont even know! take pix!
any baby news yet?
Your mustache is looking quite prominent today, good sir.
S/O to for being awesome. Good swimming girl, keep it up!
#MostOverratedMusicArtists restrain from being humble
Merry Christmas World !!
do you use underglaze w/clear glaze? Nice color!
A temporary reprieved has been granted a last minute effort for Troy Davis...
Mollala River Middle School evcauated for awhile. All is well no natural gas leak.
it's the meat sweats!
I need to get to bed too, but it's difficult to pull away from the computer screen. Good night.
Nooks and Kindles. And boy, do you need to hang on some mornings!
On the road to Inverness Florida ...listening to the Bucs playing the Cowboys
Thanks for the Follow and welcome to Twitter!
Goin to LA today... And justin decided to be in london haha
Downloading a white noise app was a great decision.
I turn 23 next january -_-
One day I'll learn how to be productive while long-running programs do their thing. I just can't help but watch the progress bar.
lol not when I think of August heat!
I think it's called Pantera Bread
I don't know what freaking language your speaking dude, but I don't understand it. I'm American, I 'habla' American. FUCK YOU!
Dear Stephen Curry: LETS GO!
you're there for vacation??
Megan Fox on Being Comedian for 'The Dictator': I Feel I Can Be Myself Again - AceShowbiz
I'm wearing a Nirvana shirt and I saw someone else at work wearing a Nirvana shirt so now we are best friends.
I think you are right.
How was everyone's weekend? Who attended #GON?
Back To The Future was mine!
I wish I was in Central Otago.. so many places we want to do a feature on for
if by listening you mean periodically throwing up in my mouth because of his repulsive "takes," then yes.
I do physical therapy like a boss ;)
lol ohh ya then what's 8x8 and don't use your phone....;3
#pumped tonight should be fun!
bullshit I get texts from you and daily randomly
Cant get enough of Rihannas song "where have you been"
there is a Record I'm hoping to purchase for a review, it's long out of print! What's your email addy so I can email you?
'Starships are meant to fly."
“: Newtons Law of blowjobs: "Boners go up, bitches go down."” Hahahahahahaaaa
I dunno why he cares.. keep giving him shit it's funnnyyyy☺
Sometimes I just want to be alone. Away from people and all the trouble they bring. Far away from drama, lies, and bullshit.
You guys should honestly go listen to Miley Cyrus's version of Bob Dylan's You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome When You Go. It's amazing.
Champions Against Bullying founder, Alex Penn, and LRF are jumping on the line with Bobby DeMuro on 1110 AM in a few minutes. Stay tuned!
American Pastorela opening this Friday. I play Jan Brewer, a mistress of the devil, a nativist protester, and part of the angelic choir.
Let's get down to business.
I'm horrified by what's been done to the Seuss Oeuvre. I'll stick to Pixar films, thenkyewverymuch.
Finally joined and started a recipe board. I could see myself breaking my diet really easily with this nifty site.
Hold on to the night....hold on to the memories... RT Hold us.
Just merk'd my comparative politics final
My job for the day is building wall lockers fml
RT : #followed #steelernation <~~~ now following back :)
Girls that brag about how many guys they fucked the last weekend<<<
It is a sad day for our criminal justice system.
ATTN Twitter Sweeps winners- We will be emailing you at the email address you provided us w/ to confirm prizing information! Congrats!
Want to meet up in Big D? I'm here, been checking out the festivities. Would love to share a cold one with my fav Pack writer.
Check out videos of Shunt'e!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my twitter for follow me maybe? 2
Ah, that terrifying moment when you test out all the code you have been writing for 5 hours.
the middle dog doesn't look too happy. lol XD
That's bigtime “: RT : Tony Dungy and Mike Bellotti are chatting on the sideline at practice.”
My #NewYears resolution is to be more patient, but I'm originally from #NY so good luck to me!
the only reason i went grocery shoping was to buy the magazine YOU'RE IN <3
hi buddy! miss you!! let's hang out next week for sure!
What should be my next automobile?
Beautiful work!!
is there a particular beer style you like or would you like to sample my collection before choosing what to brew?
lonely puppy blues by
I don't mean to brag, I don't mean to boast, But I brought some hummas for those mini toast!
Watching last nights #criminalminds that directed :]. Just 10 mins into it & I <3 it. Kyle Gallner & Robert Englund!
Oh my goodness, Ryan.
It's funny how things change when "feelings" get involved.....don't allow your emotions to control you
In the morning coffee is my best friend.
Clifford that Semillon sounds great! What a fantastic grape variety.
What are your feelings about world hunger?
Lol no sorry, I was attempting to be 21 again.
I love the smell of Lilacs in the morning!!
I LOVE that song! Have you heard the NPR breakdown of it? I'll try to find the link. Made me love it even more.
I like the smell of coffee in the morning!
Likewise, dudes. Thank Spencer for the primer on the black sheep embouchure!
Getting ready for the special concert in Danville tonight.
yahoo! sports headline: "NBA talks break down over money"
Stay tuned.... we'll be posting a few videos taken by our "Flip-Videographers" during #VAM2012!
Good thing I don't have to anymore
Family Is Everything!
I actually really like the life-coaching aspect of teaching. I really do.
Im ganna get a tattoo but i dont know what to get, any ideas???????
You need a lot more than jack3d
love your app 💗
Missing my little man Bentley.
just promise no jack love on your Johnson
- terrible game. It hurts to watch
Why not a PO box?
Heard there was a hundred tweet rule.
#freewebsite has interesting offer. #NADA2012 should listen to this deal.
“Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.” - Henry Ford
Oh now i understand well If he takes his shirt I dunno.
Nicked my face shaving.
It is the principle of existence, and its only end
He should be awarded a posthumous Congressional Nobel Honor Prize Medal
What did she say?
James Murdoch is sadly unsurprising: New York City rent case released on revenue tops $1 billion
Any Easter plans? Haha hope ya get some rest. :) I should too or workout lots. I can write letters, no electronics for 13 wks
thanks so much for your tweet, justin!
This has been exhausting. Day two of a 16-page paper. Thank goodness it's our last production of the semester.
Just exploded a cherry coke 2 liter on mels toms shoes... epic explosion sad outcome....
RT : I'm looking for funny examples of culture shock while traveling abroad. Share and I'll link to your Twitter account
Nice, looks like you are having a great time!!!!
I got my math class to listen to misletoe (: cant wait to see you on the today show!
#IUsedToWonder what happened to the world after third impact
Great weekend chilling with , , , , and !
hay just went shopping and had a milk shake from stakin shake
And front handspring 
Its, over vashia . Stop trynna re glue them glasses . We need to go to the gym
Pride attracts the girl. Courage approaches the girl. Wisdom gets the girl. Strength puts up with the girl, but loyalty keeps the girl.
Thank you Lord for protecting Please continue to protect, guide, and #bless him. Watch over all the Jonas family and fans.
Why the fuck this bitch care if I have a dress on or not !!! Bitch don't hate on my legs because yours are full of cellulite !!
We went to the address where Charlie Parker was born and lived as a child yesterday in KC, K. Is the house that stands there actually it?
a similar presentation can be found at www.saperlaw.com
Check out one of coolest dating sites every!!! . Great to see you u guys at the Shecky’s Girls Night Out Event last night.
I spend more time bewildered at wtf they just did than I do studying
Opening a (most recent) Mac Mini to install RAM is extraordinarily cool. Baby, this is hardware.
wow that was really awkward...cuz you even said this is you...o...but that's my life. I'm such a creep.
No, I somehow missed the comic. I'll check it out. Must be the 30 years it's been playin' in our heads:-)
Can't Sleep -___-
same way they defended Curry/Ellis in Oakland. How did they do together?
Last year 200 million non-subscriber attempts to access JSTOR from Google searches compare to 500mill subscriber uses
them under blankets
Many new websites currently in development and more starting every week.
yeah come to third floor...
Food food food food food
B2B Networking in Houston.
Is there a stat on goal tends? I'd bet money JaVale McGee leads the league.
Hah I like how I stoped using this account.. Gotta come on this one more......
(I almost typed "old fiend" instead of "old friend")
If it's flavored strawberry, I will eat it
IN THAT CERTAIN BAND BROKE HEART, AND IT'S LIKE I'M WALKING ON BROKEN GLASS.
your offending me by saying that >:(
Thank you for attending. Merry Christmas!
uh huh better call in sick or somethin lol.
Despite Pietrus winning last night's "Tommy Award", refuses to give me props for calling my shot last night.
March at 930pm please join us we are stronger together!
Open access solution would move copyrighted materials into the public domain at an accelerated rate. Free the hostages!
Looking forward to presenting my report at the CELA conference in LA tomorrow.
Pompa: evidence shows that states choose to spend their money in other ways.
when June 21st rolls around, make sure you put on your calendar. cause + will be there!
How does one get rid of the nasty pics on here tweet?
": prayers and hugs to you...."Thank you so much Love ♥
cats > boys
I'm glad Italians think lasagna is a starter course and have like 3 more courses after that, because I was thinking the same thing
Work at 2. Ugh
Hey me, You should just get over it and buy a Nikon Coolpix P7100. xoxo -You
what's good
Finally NCAA championship!!! Kentucky #1 VS. Kansas
what are the two birds, Bell drops out of the league and the Blazers get another GM to fire?
addai has a bye next week
Come visit the LaSalle Branch on April 4th at 4pm for Got a Clue? Clue, and other board games will be available. Don't miss out on the fun!
So is Bob Costas the new Andy Rooney?
I'm watching the #iowadebate with my mom and dad.
'people starting to come apart...” - shirley jackson, the lottery
My brother's colone is killing me x_x cant think straight
So many aluminum cans. They should be box shaped for easier travel. Or I should just lay off the caffeine.
shweeet. I'm taking your word for that. Totally expecting Nonna's the next I see you guys.
Why do I do the things I do
Double-header tomorrow.
That would be me..
damn, I love the ICONic Boyz but ya'll are taking it too far, calm yo titties.
oh man, I could justify that if it was a man's shirt or something....
Follow us on twitter for cuban lunch specials in New York city.
Just found out that has been looking at auditions for N.B.T.for months. Feeling so lucky to even get seen this late.Thx NBT
lol, straight up.
hey! We haven't talked FOREVER!
Skr8 like daaaat RT": I wanna get slapped on my ass"
"What's the difference between a sigh, a car and a monkey? A sigh is oh, dear. A car is too dear. A monkey is you, dear."
RT At Serpentine Lido on a gorgeous London summer's day. Only slightly spoilt by "eccentric" oldies sporting thongs.
Cooking and tweeting? How possible?
I am there Mr Nupe
If I'm doing the work, I don't understand why I can't listen to music.
LOOKING TO RAISE 200K FOR A USA PERIOD FEATURE..For details email us at
we are the American people. The current administration has exploited, and divided use like no other. Only way he can win. ,)
and you inspire us. keep up the good work!
Anyone have a discount code for the 2nd Annual Brewfest on Oct. 8th?
Who is the one leader you would place on your personal Mount Rushmore of Leaders?
some time during the summer...
we do have a ton of adorable baby trues @ JT Kids Canal Place!
i know your right....cant argue cause i pay for directv.
read it for susan choi's class. she has really great taste
I need to listen to a tuesday morning trio except not on tuesday or in the morning
*Look at old picture of yourself.* Ew, did I REALLY look like that?
I'm packing my shit and moving in for a week lol
Don’t waste your tears crying over someone who doesn’t even deserve to see you smile.
M peanut butter. Over here they've just come up w/peanut-butter Cheerios!
This natural scrolling is kind of annoying me but does make sense...
You too Zerran. Thank you <3
US buying helos from Russia=we give away to Afghanistan opium capital of the world. Evil and undeniable symmetry to the insanity...
#osumath #testing E
Right? Working on a certain slime-free artist bio to wash away the memory.
Hope you think that Johnny Wright and YOBI.tv should sign me!
I'm stoked on the new session
south beach. whoop. whoop.
Any time! Hope all is well ;D
I'm going to go crazy this summer!!! No regrets!
LMFAO RT: Sandra Bullock is allergic to horses!"
The more I read about nutrition, the less I know.
Listening to your parents opinion is like talking to a rock, it has no personality
Carroll. good short stories. 10 min limit, visual, memorable stories of how evolution works. Use to remediate public opinion
My coffee so freaking chubby!! Its so cute!!
i'm not sure why anyone follows me on here.....i hardly ever do anything and when i do its just to harass band members
A couple loglines from my 7th graders' awesome novel projects: 1. 15 y.o. Jackie uses a fake i.d. to buy lottery tickets. Then she wins...
If you post anything about selling #twitter Followers I will #UNFOLLOW you very quickly.
my heart is yours if you can take care of it
California Symphony brings ambitious program to Livermore, Walnut Creek - San Jose Mercury News
so when do you start in Indy? We have yr desk waiting, big guy.
Let's do something.... FUN :|
“: wanna hear a joke about my broken pencil? Never Mind, it's pointless”...reminds me of last night
bring over my games nigggaaaa, & skate 3!
has Thursday off, then USA vs Czech Republic in Linz/Pasching on Friday at 4:45 AM CST faustball2011.com/en
Hate to be leaving before #Fulbrightenrichment general election. Good luck to all candidates! keep me posted.
I love you Jesus ! :D RT ": Today was awesome! Even had a good talk with !:D"
Just saw the 'Put Your Hearts Up' Music Video, looks flawless.
can I get 10 of my selenators to follow ? :) Thanks!
RT:“ life is shorter than u think lol get money $$$$$$$$$$$”
have your website updated...
Be careful! You get constipated from the iron supplement
Ha just basically woke up dang its late ha
Congrats guys! You're building up an awesome iOS team.
Lol too cute. RT Daddy just said this girl got her hair in a "roll tide" lmao. The way men explain things!
Congratulations on the hiring of Jim Heaney as your new #CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
Why is there so much violence in this world, or in Indiana?? There is always something crazy on the news.
Cheers all!
Gopher football axe-less since 2003 and only twice since 1994? seems appropriate to me....
Are you ready to make the change? Now is the time to do it you douche
If you are truly a one directioner you will RT this #Bring1DtoHawaii !!! Think about it more shirtless pics, and surfing pics !!!! <3 <3
no.I'm in Dallas right now and I love it.
Same reason girls refer to guys as : Niggas , dogs , pimps , etc.
That works for me. Let me know when you want to get started.
hahaha I love making people so pissed off at me they get a technical :)
oomf is a slut.
LeChoke James you suck...
Watching Dear John for the first time ever on FX[:<3
Still watching weekend storm for immed. area. At this point, looking like bulk of storm, and snow, will slip just south. Changes still poss.
Yay! Are you working it, or attending? It's at your library, right?
oh me so hungry.
#that1friend who wants to fight over every little disagreement...
Putting together our first mapset of Tryon Park, we would also like to get some photos, if you have some PLEASE let us know.
All thanks to you! :D
I will be there!
could be tomorrow if I don't qualify or friday if I do qualify. but Friday will definitely be my last day.
Planting a garden this year as a peace offering to the neighborhood majority. Cant think of anything the stray cats would like more.
Porketta and dumplings with Port pan gravy.
started fowler's dsl book this morning, thought "nice to be doing some light reading" and realized my definition of 'fun' may have shifted
Brie you haven't updated in a good 15 mins i can't handle this
Most Zipcars will fit your bicycle with the rear seats folded down.
He will def have the title as the most clutch player
I like what you have to say! I saw your tweet on prayer--I recommend conversational prayer if you're in a group. :)
love being invisible to people.
pay that man Ramone for laying that tile!
nah, do it. Lmfaoooo!
I favorited that one in my mind.
Bright colored jeans are a great way to light up your holidays. Which color (besides denim) would/are you sporting this winter?
I am reading the first chapter of your book...HILARIOUS!! Where can I purchase a copy? I love it and I know my kids will too!
Avery Bradley has returned to #Celtics bench.
haha she wont be there(:
surprised about , though. On the replay, his shots looked totally effortless with pro form.
Nothing in life is 'easy', all the things worth having are the things you have to fight for.
People who wait more than an hour to reply to a text with “lol” should be shooted
Ed Ricketts: “Another big octopus. I’ve often wondered if octopi ever bite. Today I found out. Yes, they do, they certainly do.”
And now trying to write checks to pay the bills, after alcohol & already being way too tired, maybe not the ~brightest~ idea :)
thanks! Can't wait to serotonin in color.
You should have shown the clip where The Million Dollar Man bought the WWF championship from Andre the Giant.
alrighty then, but apparently someonw was givingyou crap tonight too?
I want to be your one and only, not your one when you're lonely.
I love you. You're beautiful. Smile because you deserve too. 😁
sound good
Gotta send some emails tomorrow.
I don’t mind getting older but aging really sucks!
Worry is a total waste of time. It doesn't change anything. All it does is taint your mind and steals your joy.
Six flags was so much fun. Seriously I loved it.
Where can one get Mad Max accessories for a Scout?
lol oh well do that thenn I'm gonna just finish the project tomorrowww -.-?
Time for
as long as you workout, it's just fine ;))
Oh the Life of a Girl with a big schedule. Hopefully i make it through the week no problem!
No words.
someone text me or somethin' . I feel as if my heart has been ripped out stomped on and put back in .
Nice! I'll be by later with some colleagues!
#easterfoodcoma I need to buy bigger pants after today.
I have strong mind with a kind heart and a soft kiss but I love hard.
So, you know I have no idea wth you are referring to. I ran across it while looking up something. Explain?
Abt to take a nap
Yes! RT : Want to make a deal at #RECon12? Use the hashtag #REConDeal & will help spread the word!
Taylor and Ashley just called, might go to Tristian's later!
Does your library carry "Shades of Grey?"
If you don’t know yourself, you can be swayed by what others think you should be, think, and do.
JCPenny After School Program research concluded that 1 in 4 children are left alone. Please visit www.jcpennyafterschool.org for findings.
I left my girl back hooomee....
yeah but ur my dream girl. Bye email me please on b-day
Applications for the 2011 market are coming soon
I see im not part of the posse anymore! t(-.-)t
Thanks for the retweet!
oh. The AP said he to do 8 off something else.
- oh good! A little alky-hol makes everything that much more fun :)
When the Holy Spirit has His way-people get healed inside and out!
Grace Costantino showing amazing work and achivevements as #BHLib Program Manager at IV Institutional Council Meeting!
Please note that ICDS will be closed on Monday, August 15th to celebrate Mothers' Day here in Costa Rica. Muchas gracias, madres!
want to come outside? im busy.
Ooh, how do you like the Cork Factory? I visited folks there a few times and thought it was styling'.
Bout to order all those P4CM Lyrical Lounge DVDs...I dont even like poetry, but they're too nice
bet ur ass it will!!!
Rudy Giuliani Gives 4 Tips for Crisis Management - Administration ...
you know when some one you like unfollows you and your like "hey, what'd I say?" Yeah, that just happened. Fuck it. DOG SHIT TACO!!!!
you & Riki did gr8!!! I loved UR dance a job well dun :)
m I thought so lol whatr you doing?
Follow back
After playing Agricola for the first time this weekend, I believe it is now officially my new all time favorite game. Love it!
We heard about the film site that you're launching. We're based in Houston too. We'd love to chat with you. DM us.
An hour and a half later and still in line for the iphone.
of course! CAN'T WAIT to be there on 1/28!! (Did you know my b-day is Weds? This bash is going to be the BEST PRESENT EVER.)
RT : When improving marketing effectiveness, resist temptation to simply add to top of funnel. Optimize from bottom up.
So done with everything. Goodnight.
"Never slouch, always stand up straight!" Best advice I've ever been given. #teamtallgirls #teamtall #teamtallladies Happy Saturday! :)
Cleaning my car and listening to dubstep
Americans: I will see your Mardi Gras and raise you a Pancake Day.
What do you think of the book “Blue Ocean Strategy?”
“: It's amazing how a person who was once just a stranger, can suddenly mean the world to you.”
I'm following you now.
Attention, photographers! If you've emailed a submission & received a "mailbox full" error message, disregard it. We DID receive your email!
Next best thing to MJ performing live in Minne!
Why are you always waiting? Tomorrow isn't guaranteed
congrats on the sale!
they must have a good clearance sale or something, I would have been one of the crazies standing in line
watchn my boiz play madden man shi gets crazy
21 Jump Street was pretty damn funny, Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum are a great duo
Gone fishin' and wishing you all the best for a fantastic weekend.
RAIN PREDICTED 70% chance, c'mon Summer, we can't wait for ya! Mayeb next week for the
These eyes, they see more than you know.
i think i should text cause she told me to earlier and i just remembered :)
good morning or good afternoon (depending on which side of globe you're on) how are you?! :)
nest? Have mine, just haven't installed yet. Lmk your impressions!
Just had a great meeting with Don't forget 2 watch the show tmrw at 11:30am w/ the fabulous hosts & Patrick!
Who the fuck are you!? Well sorry for your luck it's #unfollowfriday bitch! Thanks to for reminding me!
going for a hundo tonight, 23pts of Heats in the 1st qtr
that just ain't right haha
RT : visit the home of the next century of exceptional #innovation. It's called the American Heartland. And its found in Indiana.
Wow I have 666 new tweets.. Crepe
For the guy that looking at his watch. the time is now
How about not doing the things that you'd to take back.
Pass rushers galore Sam Montgomery, Jackson Jeffcoat, Sean Porter, Barkevious Mingo, and the elite Jarvis Jones..
Can't make it to the store? Then visit our retail website at www.ilivecute.com!!!
Make tooth brushing a pleasant experience for your pet.
UPDATE 1-Buffett tries to assure on health, mulled megadeal
Haha hey I would do the same thing too! White Eskimo was awesome! But obviously I love One Direction too ;)
SO JEALOUS. providence is the best little college town in the world!!
congratulations Mike!
Either of you coming to the game?
is again, bragging about biking to work at 3:30 am.
Oh of course.. Fallout Boy is a great!~
#thatawkwardmoment when you get partnered with your ex
yayyyyyyy, what happen..... Thats a good thing right
Bill Adair says this will be the most fact-checked election in history "and that's a good thing"
Sorry, no salsa at the Monaco tonight. See you tomorrow at Madrigall.
Cookout with the family!
' Dnt feel so bad now . .. Coleman up too lol
So not a Berken fan. RT : So Hunter down, Berken up. Exposito still active for now. Pomeranz on hold
aww that sucks but im glad to here your doin better
CDL drivers reaching for an object, such as a cell phone, are 3 times more likely to be involved in a crash or other safety-critical event.
so fucking poor.
Ha. Meme potential here, though. SCUMBAG ORLANDO FAN: gets free drinks all night, tries to fight person footing the bill.
There are always haters. Comes with the territory. ;)
Why won't Newt just go away?
is about to kill some bitch ass niggas. (;
I need a new digital camera :-(
hey have you talked to our "sperm donner" ????
Thanks, Bryn! Sorry we didn't connect at #ascd12. Hope it was a good conference for you.
I dont want her to hurt over this =[
Please tell me non-hockey fans on STL sports talk are forcing the revenge for Pujols to LA storyline for this Kings/Blues series.
I luv summer but the only thing I hate is that i get allergies my eyes itch, they turn red and makes it look like i've been smoking! -___-
sorry 4 being hard on u brother but I hold u too high standards cuz I know what your capeable of that wasn't u last nite!
lol that sucks! Hope you get better soon!
how bout sun valley front 9
Ugh, fuck high school and all it's stupid shit.
come to Roanoke!!
I'm on my 3rd smoothie today in this 80's temperature, 2 Mango Pineapple smoothie from McD's earlier 1 from Panaera. Will b up tonight SMH!
“: u speak portuguese?! That's awesome! #jealous” I don't, but I do know enough Spanish&French to get her drift.
It is 2pm and there are still uneaten donuts left from 9:30am meeting. Did hell freeze over while I wasn't paying attention?
Hey yall..I hope everyone has been well and blessed!:)
Do not compute the totality of your poultry population until all the manifestations of incubation have been entirely completed.
omg I have to pee so bad but my room mates in the shower HALP
I can barely drive the G5 on King Drive it's like a brink truck they know theres money inside.
SHdc will be launching at the end of this month. Your poker source for all things poker!
so true!
Women tend to be more open to sharing and engaging in conversation. Also SM/blogging gives a voice to everyone.
pppssh yeah right.
Too intelligent for our country.Lock'em up, scar them w a felony & tell them get a good job & don't come back
I try joking around with this kid and he's always in a bad mod and nowhes just annoying me.
S/O whats good ! Thanks for that support!
Gotta move me before sunrise!!
Im bouta step ma weight up big time $$$$$$$$$$
what's with the butterfly ... need a plant
All of my amazing management team is like a family. Marcus, Seth, Tyler are like my older brothers! Jon is definitely the dad(: gottaluvthm
#CBSBigBrother This season has been horrible.
Number of glasses of grape juice Bradley has to down in the first five minutes of FOLK HERO? 8.
There's a reason I put the jar of jellybeans on the other side of my office...
So the Rams plan on checking in on Janoris Jenkins daily? If you have to do this, is this player really worth your time?
You know you called me late and we were on phone for a couple hours. You were asking me for 'Song of the moment' advice.
Why thank you Makenzie
science and history i just wanna take a nap..
thanks alex!! <3
carmel or mocha..?
thoroughly enjoyed playing the Convert in the science fiction themed independent film The Trisket. Carlos Ruiz directed the film.
New to this y'all follow me:-)
IF YOU SEXY AND U KNOW IT ****RETWEET****
thank you very much, we appreciate the warm welcome!
We were so honored to have you! What an amazing day!
having a scary movie maraton :) first: funny games, then possibly jeepers creepers.. any other suggestions? :)
Don't take too many detours on the road to your dreams...not everything that sounds like a good idea, is a good idea
Getting ready to workout. Feels good to back on a program that doesn't consist primarily of sitting on my ass.
Is DC ob some heightened dickery tonight?! These incompetent drivers have effectively turned my cart into a curse mobile
what is your favorite song to perform?
lol what can I do to convince you to do it
Huntsman: When I visited Afghanistan as Utah governor, I was reminded of the price of war
Misstep #1 flight from Austin delayed 2 - 4 hours. Flight to Barcelona moved back. Looks like we might sleep in the Newark airport.
Great meeting you today! Hope you're liking GSA!
Our thoughts and prayers are with our friends from Chile.
Phoenix Highschool. We went to see some of her kids play football at other schools like south vs north. I wish they had teams.
How did people develop Narcissistic personality disorder before Facebook?
Middle School is out of the building on an Enhancement Day trip. An afternoon movie in St. John's is a welcome treat for our kiddos!
#vaustek For expert server/website management : lithium networks
might do a little sailing next week
sounds like a line-up!
just did
WTF? Why am i seeing pics of kendall and logan saying their dating?!
Follow , that dude knows sports. And he’s extremely good looking. We’re not saying that bc he’s our CEO. OK, we are, but whatever
yeah it was just a vaca. We stayed in Waikiki, but went to the North Shore and the Big Island
Homework was created by Satan
Cool concept! happy to connect!
I really don't think he'll be stealing 3rd in this situation, Robin.
Vill dominated the whole game man. no magic moment for the bruins.
im qonna wear the live free shirt on the first day of skool unless ur wearinq it. Do u mind if i wear it on that day??
and it's homemade granola. has a secret recipe.
your most - made my day. <3 hhaa. "we arent friends! That just made my year!"- Andrew . Hhaa ! love you girll. <3
If clouds by nature vanish, then wouldn't it be bad that we call data storage by that name?
tey say we walk just alike, talk just alike, same damn swagger when we roc up on the mic (:
Can you and George Will transcend politics to help my Royals?
thanks for the follow! Go
Hello there! May I get a follow? :-D
That awkward moment when Michael Jackson has a twitter and he's dead...........
Submit your art to us to sell for you at:
Great preso by Simon Buckinham Shum from OpenU. Let's use learner analytics to give learners (us) a mirror. Into possibility too?
830 cause Davis blocks the 840 signal!
Sex and the city <3
Bacon turned out fantastic, 2nd batch is on now. Pulled pork is almost done too! Contact us today to get your Re-heat and eat bbq.
I went with the girls of course!
Really? I should probably try it next time I'm by there. Did they have slices ready to go, or did you order ahead?
when fell out of her chair when i was threatened to get a detention
#Happy #Thanksgiving to all our friends with love from #Endurapet!
Thanks for the kind words.
hey,had fun last St. pattys on the old tour bus!Really think u will like this Cali band great fiddlin.cheers!
Why get married and make one man miserable when I can stay single and make thousands miserable? - Carrie Snow
It can be frustrating when it comes to touring, but a novelist would need to commit a major crime to get TV coverage. (Not so w/nonfiction.)
I'll delegate it out to my team so we can do it in parallel. ETA is EOD
The Council on State Taxation is holding a workshop in ATX this week. Learn more about multistate tax issues.
Eddie Edwards submits J.D. Maverick with the Achilles Lock.
He got confidence but its all part of a game
Stop by and check out a new exhibit of Confederate currency in the special collections reading room.
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. ---Michael Jordan
Happy Sunday tweeters, today is a good day to relax and read a good book in bed
Planning on accomplishing a lot tonight...so no more distractions...
Pleaes follow me back 🙏👼🙏
cool....in the Dirty South location.....congrats on Fatherhood too Team!!
#twitter is the bathroom wall of today's society
One can't be a real Washingtonian without going to Pusboys & Boets (i'm there for the first time now, and feeling real indeed).
Mel Lewinter reunites with Doug Morris, joining Sony Music Entertainment as Executive VP Label Strategy. Details in RAMP. Now, a coffee run.
listening to speak is so refreshing. A CEO totally in touch with both his brand and also what customers want.
"When Alexander Graham Bell first marketed the telephone, he recommended saying "Ahoy" to begin a phone call."
This game is nuts.
oh.. Don't know. Just have tix 4 2nite but if plans change we'll make sure to say Hi
People hate the one and done rule but in reality what team would want to play this UK team again next year
Natural Gas Producer ETF on 7-Day Winning Streak
Photos and Interview, Nemesys headlined Localpalooza 2010 @ Civic Center Park coming soon!
We see you looking as you drive past..we know you wanna stop in & meet Lisa Ann..SO DO IT!! Ha ha Brass Monkey Milwaukee Stop on In!!
Be everywhere, do everything
Where would I be if I didn't have God in my life? Smh I would def be completely lost in this corrupted world follow me
Step up your game DayQuil
wishing you a great new year Tommy! sj
#GrandpaFred Where did that Preacher over there go? Wonder what I would do with that ramp over there. What are we learning over there Becky?
Thanks friends for the support
Today is National Joe Day! If your name is any form of Joe, come to & & get a free cup of JOE!
I have also written on heterosexual myth models of the Atlantic World (Krotoa, Malinche, Pocahontas) which silence rape
Modular & flexible spaces= Learning Commons
When the smoke detector goes off, it's time to flip the grilled cheese sandwich.
not that I really care...but it's for a project I'm working on where stats actually matter... fun
Messi makes it look too easy. Nicely played, Barca.
Contradiction and hypocrisy are two things the world could do with out - if your gonna talk the talk learn to walk the walk 👠
ugh, screw you my mom is coming in with me so yeah this sucks
That reminds me of how me, , and pretty much the whole class didn't do that last project.Mrs. Morton was heartbroken lol smh
right we didn't wanna get caught!
you won't be disappointed.
½ price martinis every Tuesday. Now there’s no excuse. Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar, 1120 N. High St., Columbus
i go back to skool august 23
Best of luck to Occupy Oakland. Based on the last 24 hours in Portland, don't forget the second shift!
Ahh, nothing like spending the afternoon learning AtTask. I miss Jira!
You're kinda like my therapy.
absolutely! wat do u all do? we help the mentally disabled
Best show on tv
You'd think Gladys would have gotten a purse company endorsement by now.
#ihavenever smoked ANYTHING. EVER.
Same here
HELP! I need some more followers, I am at 666 followers, show me some #Jesus love and help me out of this!
Bro. I did.:D
Catholic Worker in New Orleans will be attending the March to the Marriott, Aug 5!
A5: Make the travel plans simple to avoid confusion from the caree and to minimize stress for the caregiver.
sending you a dm right now, would love to meet and discuss!
I get a poor connection when I'm downstairs on the far side of the house. Do I need 2 wireless routers or should I get an updated one?
Boathouse all-stars in Duluth, Ia tomorrow!
About to go smoke a Blondie...YOLO
Send your question in an email to so you are not restricted to 140 characters.
yes well.. i'm a vampire now.
okay cool that's what up
Thx for the follow, MK. We found you in March when we looked for Creatives who would appreciate hearing our incredible speaker...
It's a little hard to the write with the husband blaring "Blue States."
So do something
Chi-town Heat, here comes the stuff!
Im going to drown out my sorrows in food and minecraft.
i was just thinkn bout yall but im bout to start rubbing it.. im eatting mhe tacos... yyyuuummmm
No word on replacement yet. Meanwhile the tour is still moving. Just us & in charlotte NC tonite. We promise to rock 2x as hard
make the best of this last semester!! im def gunna try and get up there atleast once.
Now on twitter! Loving mda class!
it is 68 degrees outside! this is CRAZY...yesterday there was snow on the ground.
RIP MCA! Sad day in the world of music!
I really need to finish reading 1984 .-.
Wish you still came to TLA!
Only 6 hours a way and me and and going to miss and the rest of bvb sad :'(
you lucky bastardo. I haven't seen any Bresson on the big screen
Foundation #5 Standard.
proud to be at the first post #dadt repeal national dinner
Oh I passed the major test! Woo! Hahaha,im sick though. I can't go to my college :(
So Hungry
Thank you!
Red Hot Chilli Peppers, what how about an ice cold Kick Ass beer after that? Come by Hard Rock on Beale and try one for yourself!
Eeeew. Thumbs. Unanimous decision: "TOO WEIRD."
you about to hit the 30 no twit mark........ Your trophy is being made
I am attending the CDF-Instructor course at Long Beach, New York.
Happy Easter x
Jealous My tour of Fermilab is going to rock harder than schist, baby.
More James Bond? I'm ashamed of myself!
Thx! I would've hated to miss these nicely detailed renditions of panels I didn't see. Sometimes 140 characters is not enough!
good and you ?
I wonder what % of people who RT articles actually read the articles first. I have seen some particularily lame ones recently.
:):) It was hard to leave! The studio is amazing!
I'm going to be crying all day .. I didn't expect to but I cried when my twin left!!
Watching Paul Allen get off his private jet in Portland to go to the Blazers game.
YOU BETTER CALL MAURY! DAT BABY DONT LOOK LIKE ME!!!!!
she left Eli!!!!!!!!!???? He was getting a little possessive.... I would of broke up with him a long time ago... Maybe..
OMG!! new video on YouTube soon!! Watch itt SOON! ==> watch.AustinMahone.com [:
No worries...just delivering mail...
can u please follow me
i would nurse him back to health.
1st grade teacher just gave me a gift card and note saying I'm "the most talented, hardworking and professional music teacher" ever.
Time to kill.
that is so sweet
getting ready to go to work.
3: THANK YOU FOR THE BUYING THOUGH! Poop, you think you can mail the money.. Sorry, I am having problems with parents ):
#3and0 Glad #12 is the starting quarterback on my fantasy team!
Search terms that brought people to my site: social decay; unsanctioned violence definition; when to come clean about a lie to a professor.
No, didn't notice. Oops. I should listen closer. It was his call Wright's hit that grabbed my strongest attention.
Really enjoyed your #DataNewOil #sxsw panel yesterday Thanks for the wealth of information. Great points made!
(or at least affiliations)
I really want to live somewhere with car2go and sexy lifestyle :-P
Going with Pac Man in this one.
Tempted to shave so as not to be confused with a large cat while staying within walking distance of Xenia, OH -JO
...snow in march??! when will this be over???!
I miss VSU campus a little bit.
We are total twins then! Lol
GREAT DAY OUTSIDE cant wait to work out hope every one is good
waitress spills ice tea trsy at Times Square restaurant we get wet but get free NYC lunch
Is 8:30 a good time for a giveaway? Let us know.
Conversational brainbomb lobbed at me during last night's dinner with : "Dagmar Krause showed me how to use a duvet cover."
sounds like we need to plan a lunch again with the ole' CU gang :-)
RT if you love Liam Payne (Follow me, I'll follow you back)
If u are at the draft stop fucking tweeting....damn u ruin everyting lol
My mind says , but my heart says Victor's.
yes I agree! Fan votes saved Donald. Gotta keep those up next week!
#STEMmerday is about to start!
Scored a new company ride today- a Ford Edge. Way excited! Now it's time for window ad/decal shopping. Suggestions? Nothing cheesy!
- is this john? I think I'm recognizing you from your photo
The Power open up the second quarter with a field goal, Preds lead 20-10.
I got that after I sent it.
Sundays are always so bittersweet.
PSA: I really HATE TONNETTE BRITT (no relation). Tonnette is a fucking bitch who is a criminal and won't amount to shit. Disgrace to people
Time to take OFF! Check out some of the fastest military jets at MCAS Miramar Air Show! LIVE this morning on SD6!
The 2012 EdTech Link Fellows will be announced this afternoon!
RIP taylor ull be missed.
OK cool, just give us a quick tweet before so we can make sure we're here. See you then!
ELITE 8 BABY!!!!
I'm judging the PrideFest parade!! I take bribes at the Monkey Thursday Night.. Just sayin..
Stay tuned...please.
Include a short list of your favorite games (old or new) and specific reasons why you would make a great game tester
GREAT BEING CONNECTED WITH YOU ANDREY.. THANKS SO MUCH FOR FOLLOWING!
and...out of touch. They will pay for this.
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? ~Abraham Lincoln
“When someone less capable is ahead of me, I am not pleased. It makes me insane.” ― Steve Martin, An Object of Beauty
The hidden ball trick also tricked me. Everyone was so confused in our row!
First time watching #thevoice REALLY enjoying it
boxers are like that. They really need to socialize with ppl, other dogs and outside. They'll be fine.
cm punk meet and greet and bryant and strattin college downtown now
if they just moved here, feel free to share my info... happy to help them get to know the area, if they don't know anyone here.
Three kinds of blood vessels are arteries, vanes, and caterpillars. (And THAT's why, people, we sometimes get butterflies in the stomick).
There's nothing more frustrating than watching someone trying to complete a crossword puzzle.
U know you're interviewing a farmer when the interview is wrapped up before 6 a.m. ... Tommy Speer knocked off UFC vet in Iowa on Saturday
a week holiday was JUST a taste. Everyone was great, the country was beautiful & you drive on the correct side!
luckyy I wish I was there
#caa2012 How are we going to find a direct democracy in academic publishing? It exists already + we need it.
Wow! That's great news. You guys are awesome.
What makes you feel thankful every day?
Have a very Happy Hurricane!
Tough loss last night. Legs are really sore today
If you like anything coffee follow for store opening and promos
Hardest thing of playing the drums, Breaking your sticks !
Tf she crying for?
Yes, Yes, Yes! I was in The Artist & actually lived with Berenice & Michel last year while filming!
what up
my tech teacher thinks we still use Myspace. OH DEAR LORD SOMEONE HELP THIS OLD MAN. HES OUT OF THE TIMES.
Guy walked by asking Y the comm isn't involved in lot cleanup. I wanted to reply asking Y the comm didn't clean lot yrs b4 me.
EWWW, the creeper on #personofinterest thinks that's love? That's crazy talk!
Thanks for the RT!
was it seven,man girls made it more bearable.
prof has us grading each other's midterms. a whole new appreciation... although if we were getting paid for this, wouldn't be so bad.
We've got furniture and televisions for our International Newsroom!
We need to grab a beer and a burger soon.
Luv hearing ur kiddo's remarks!! My daughter said similar things. Turned out she was highly gifted. Bet yours r 2!!
Drew I just to ask one question...just one question...nevermind... Does that mean your phone is dying or does it mean you got a virus
that sucks! Hard to go without twitter, fb, email, etc. ha
Either i'm on a school bus by accident, or these college students look really young
Watching #Breakout Kings this show is alright.
he's still working on white. He's only been at it a few months (and is only 4, but very dedicated)
RT You have nothing to lose. You had nothing to begin with.
hope it works out! That's always a tough stage.
there were so many beautiful words spoken tonight. very touching &well deserved.
welcome to the hood! Very cool space. Congratulations!
And there's tonight's reminder that Paul was an OB/GYN. Say it with me: Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwww.
70% of men admit that they like public sex
My Heart Goes Out To The Homeless And
I am determined to perfect a unique recipe for sweet tea!
You words continue to speak to me. Thank you!
Watching #30minutesorless so funny!
Did I ever mention that really does make the best sunglasses?! Can't put my #whitneyshades down!
haha his twitter!
Hey , what was the @ for that last awesome buzzword speaker?
it won't let me look at it on my iPod..
Feel bad 4 #NHRA, b-cast bumped since softball on #ESPN went into extra's and BB2Nite is now on the ESPN2. Ruff start for
Watching Capote. Brilliant perf by P. Seymour-Hoffman. In Cold Blood remains a remarkable feat. A 'non-fiction novel, as Capote called it.
The first time I heard Adrienne Rich's poetry was at a house theater held in 1988. I was 18 and had just moved from country to city.
LYRICIST IN DAH MAKING!!!!!♥
Our Goal: To bring world-class artists to NYC. -Martin Kagan, Pace Presents Director of Cultural Affairs
I think I read that and have managed to repress all memory of it
Congratulations to our good friend Ed Carpenter on his Indy Car win yesterday!
yooo im in BK. Let's link. I lost my contacts
I bet my ex-wife still watches American Idol
Join and for #SheHeChat tonight at 8pm. Always fun to see this dynamic duos thoughts on, well everything.
RT : Florida announces that sophomore LB Graham Stewart will transfer and leave the
You're killin' me here. -___-
verse verse bridge bridge chorus chorus chorus
“: Rid yourself of enemies by making them your friends (Lincoln)”
you're welcome! It's a huge accomplishment!
. Thank You too
Well I just learned they have a patio tonight... And it's lovely!
cinco de mayo plans? miss you!!!!!
Thanks! Just heard a really cool NFC talk that could have a lot of continuity for our programs.
One direction is awesome. That is all.
An insulting apology, too MT : Limbaugh says: "I sincerely apologize to Ms. Fluke for the insulting word choices."
Matt, do you have any way of offering up indy based open tech job positions to verge community? Interested in sharing if possible
hungry and i have to pee.
Attention Candidates: You have until NOON today to file your campaign finance report. Call 327-5100 with any last minute questions.
email a shipping address to we'll send you some prototypes. Just ask honest feedback in return.
My Toes are cold lol 0___O
3:30 can't come quickly enough.
#FreeEADave for protecting the beloved It's dogs like that which pitbulls to shame. Owner should be in jail, not -___-
me too but my moms making me walk around in them so i can get used to them -.-
if man evolved from monkeys, why do we still have monkeys?
Jay-Z is so raw!
Looking forward to following the social world and participating brands during #MarchMadness. (Go !)
FOOD FIGHT ON THE MALL = SUCCESS
being that u hacked me lol
M exercise 20-30/3xper week. Stay away from fat & sugary foods. I can give more specifics if you email me.
haha, gotta love carrot cake, I know Louis probably does (;
I tried to excuse myself, but they woudn't stop hounding me. Sorry, but it'll be a cold day in hell before I play any Amy Grant ish
Beep beep show me dat RT
Somehow u keep blessing me...
that shirt is garbage...lol...and hit the weights bro...hahahha....
Thank you, for all the beautiful music...
Hey man, playing any soccer these days?
Looking forward to spin this friday! It's gonna be out of control, all friends are coming to make a big madness
No Cnnsi I do not want to fill out your survey but you did cause me to close your tab and go to espn
Feb issue of Black Forest Notes is available - send a Twitter note to receive your copy! We are Portland's Remodel Expert!
Should I get new sunglasses?
talking on the phone with clients about #css and #html is just too much fun. seeing them connect the dots is bliss. :)
now I understand why people asked me today if we were going to change out the murals. (Yes, the ones painted on our walls!)
it was last night leftover burrata pizza from pulino's though..
RT : new box designs in for #Bonamour skin care line today. Look great
good luck! ;)
That's what makes me love her. Now, I didn't say I wanted to marry her.
“: #WeWontWorkOutIf you're taller than me.. i have a fetish for short people” First time I ever seen a girl say that lol
good question you asked in the new episode of :] I never really thought how Trina got in Hollywood arts. :D
i am a 14 year old boy that wont to be a wrestler i live in ohio and was worndering if anyone could train me
Well nosey is tired. Exhaustin day with Austin. Goodnight (:
Nothing beats our amazing, Italian, slow cooked, all natural tomato sauce. Truly authentic and DELICIOUS! No sugars added.
well thank you! what a compliment :-)
No, going to Eat Mobile.
who knew there were so many #effin hills in the #cardiotheatre !!
The pungent smell of yr neighbours cooking fish never, ever, ever gets to be more tolerable.
Ready for summer
and youre an insanely stunning one
Don't forget to spring ahead today!!
Feeling lots of love to all our volunteers helping us transcribe our Behind the Scenes Interviews. Glad to have such support. Thanks all!
Networking skills and responses should be a whole semester course on its own! It's a beautiful thing!
lets get it!
"me know that too well" Grateful each day that I turn on the tap for clean water.....we have come from far!!
RT You miss 100% of the meters you don't pull
Nah, I'm violent and have no shame. I'll headbutt her if I have to.
The best thing about #LeapDay? and 29% off sales!
Hey it was great hearing you speak at the last WSOP! And thank you again for signing the back of my shirt.
Going back to good Ole Clinton Co for the night with ?
": Looks like its gonna be a #Libertine kind of night!"..I was thinking that same thing.
i always feel awkward when i say kids are gonna be attractive when they get older because i feel like i'm a pedophile
#Omniture Network Acceleration Timeouts + Waiting on hold to speak to Client Care = Very Unproductive Day :(
lol! Naaaa RT : So now you're Twitter verified, we have to call you Sir Cubby Sir? ;)
Good morning twitter world!!:)
It's really sad that im listening to lady gaga right now
I would have to agree. He is beautiful
Im in Detroit
Yes followers
hey deuce tomorrow is my birthday id really appricate it if u wish me a happy birthday thatd really make my birthday.plz?9L4L
im in the may
Do you exercise regularly? Why or why not?
sometimes when trying 2 hard to prove a point, you blind yourself from noticing you started off on the wrong foot to begin with.
Miss you all so much!
check out FFMIC.COM... Financial Freedom Marketing And Investing Company...
Some say love, it is a razor violently slashing away at my innards.
He that takes medicine and neglects diet wastes the skills of the physician. ~Chinese proverb
Any day spent with is a wonderful day
Is extremely happy right now:D
Hilarious sighting escorting through the halls of the Rio
Hey, would love to have you at a show. Thanks for the Tweets. I'm a huge fan myself.
he didn't look too perky when they showed him on tv
Ya'll are babies. I was in grad. school, about to take orals.
Makes me want to book a trip to Vegas right now!!!!
Making chicken parm tonight.
follow me only 27 followers away from my goal
Our business ad on craigslist is coming again soon!
any tips on getting started/reaching out as a guest blogger?
go ape on this place
Student success with peers tied to success in school
"Birdsong" is a moving expression of the triumphant human spirit and the benevolence we all possess, delivering the highest form of love.
PhillyTweeps: Check out the Drexel University Farmer's Market Every Tuesday 11am-3pm 33rd & Market Streets at the Dragon Statue!
Church also known as the House of Love if you take out the Love it's just another ordinary house of the opposite. Hm..
That's a good idea. I'm sure it doesn't matter when you start.
Amen RT Home is the only place where one does not get homesick.
#reading the girl who played with fire. Holy crap, it's a good book.
wine down wahoos wednesdays are my fav, thanks
It's another beautiful brisk fall morning in #Seattle. Stop on by The District for a cup of Cafe Vita coffee.
Give the gift of Night Owl this Xmas! Big sale still going down over half off most items! www.nightowlmerch.com
Today at noon come on in for the FFL Fab Lab Open House! Come check out the Makerbot and PSP Super Computer! It will blow you away!
Doin some site seeing today with the fam. Should be a nice change of pace.
+ + free wifi? SFO Airport you pull at my heart strings...
Dang! I got all the way to the store only to realize I left my wallet at home. Can't we pay with our fingerprints by now?
Brother wants to watch a stupid TV show. Then I get the TV for the rest of the day.
Now Im wishing on a wishing star in hope that you'll be okay. Cause I cant stop thinking bout, cant stop dreaming bout you<3 -
see you there!
New York Giants!! What's yours??
Long wrestling tournaments <<<<<<
we're pretty low on cash I'm not sure we could make it there : / least not yet... One day
That's generous.
must wins against the Jets and Cowboys make it hard to get up for the Falcons, playoff game or no
Thank you for following.
if you're following me because you dig marketing also follow
It's our #Internet2 day at #uncg - learning about this research network of 214 members, fast at 100gig.
THAT SHOULD BE ME
Would say more aren't than are, alas, based both on public health stats and on conversations we have w/ongoing users. :(
playing with a purpose! Luvit!
My mama come in here talkn about miss Wednesday too , fuck no goin my ass to school guh u trippn
who is surprised hotel wifi is slowing? [meanwhile nothing on tv so I'll return to watching Netflix at my hotel]
you're so amazing :))
We have 7 days to go in our Kickstarter campaign, thought it might be interesting to - what mac fan doesn't want 3D?
North Korea needs to sit down!
Good player should see the ball at the same time, 10 partners, 11 opponents and blonde on the third row.
I never knew making yourself happy came with losing the people you thought would always be there. I guess. Fuck bitches get money though.
LOL before looking I was going to guess "congress". Lo and behold...
Got my Bumper Sticker on finally...
lol!!! I was like I can't look into another mans eyes while I'm pounding this chick in!!
Damn its HOT in vegas!
The cast of Quentin Tarantinos latest Django Unchained are dropping like flies! Joseph Gordon Levitt, Sacha Baron Cohen, Kevin Costner...
LETS GO #BU. Final Four!!!
Team #CAG is in full effect. 6 homies played a grind it out game, full of bad calls and broken luck plays and still got that "W".
Fritz Coleman #fundraiser #Pasadena Saturday 9/24 use code EDM 92411 Please RT : ) thanks for your support
he wasn't mad at me, it was a joke!
S/O to all the way on Arizona
I wanted to see For The Fallen Dreams so badly :c
I'm scheduled to work at for a couple more weeks.
WHOS THE ONE WHO NEEDS TO CALM DOWN NOWW:P
I miss us... Alot
"I remember as a young reporter" FOUR YEARS AGO. THE GOOD OLE DAYS.
CSI promo says it "reminds us why we love television," shows woman about to be bludgeoned. For me, classic TV's more about stabbings.
same thing I told em
Suspected that would happen...
“: For the Son of Man came to seek and to save what was lost. - Luke 19:10 #Bible”
i'm down!
Cj.12 The same is true for the Julia Tutwiler Prison. inmate on inmate is high than staff on inmate
for those of us not there -- thanks for the tweet updates!
Countdown: 47 days
video fun day at palmetto bay park. come out and hang and play frisbee.
u got it mama.
Come visit us this afternoon for their MLK day celebrations!
"You don't have to hold a position in order to be a leader."
They're on ALL my teams. Bears have Israel Idonije and Reds have Joey Votto. And the Sharks have a few. :)
Thanks for not letting all of the ntl #LGBT orgs know about today's bomb threats. Glad you're concerned for our safety.
Best of the year, Bitch of the season... Your man left, & i'm the reason, So make some room, cuz im the baddest bitch like "BOOM"
You're a tough cookie.
Drink a few to have fun don't drink to show off or drink for any other reason than to enjoy your company you'll just lead to worse things
Channel4 News - Sri Lanka's Killing Fields: UK urges war crimes probe - www.channel4.com/news/foreign-office-presses-sri-lanka-on-war-crimes
Text 27722 to donate $10 from your cell phone to PETA! Help save animals lives!
“: Headed to Tarpon w/ and to see play live. Come out for it!!”
