After sifting through many Mock Drafts, it's easy to see the popular destination for C Peter Konz is the Baltimore Ravens in rd. 1
Truth. RT You know you're at a good place in life when you can't relate to Adele.
None of us were on that floor tonite!!
Any fear of Gas/Food prices? view "Welcome" video at www.downow.info I give 125 leads /wk enroll www.dowsite.info, my #'s on site
Thomas Dybdahl is amazing.
umm.... This is wicked awesome. You have a great story. Painful, but seriously a great testimony.
I remember when 69 was only a number and we could eat a banana normally..
no auto-save? which version of word?
Bouta go ahead and see what this movie's like
It was wishful thinking, you can't blame me for dreaming.
make sure to stop by we are tasting some amazing brunch wines!!
Moving stuff tonight. Yay.
Sitting waiting over an hour for blood work! Great way to start my Friday! Boo! And I still have to more appointments!
Last official day of classes. 😃
lol, I have one on my arm! What a coincidence.
Realizing it is Monday morning, blah
AYE ALL MY FOLLOWERS GO FOLLOW DA HOMMIE ASAPER!!
I just received 3 texts that began with "Random Question" my friends definitely keep me on my toes!!!
Follow if you enjoy music.
From Foxboro to the Garden for game 6 of #Celtics #Hawks -- feel like I'm living the day in the life of
Who is the best rap artist today?
I need to date the Jiffy Lube staff... So cute
Not sure if Dirk was expecting a full 2 min of cheering. He seemed a little uncomfortable!
oh yeah of course- that pic is old last year lol
My lil girl is do evil when she wakes up..IF LOOKS CAN KILL. I swear I would b dead.
Jersey shore all day erryday! Livin the life right here.
movie around 7 or so. Text me if you're free then :)
didn't know you knew small world :) Reunion on the terrace soon? I gotta drive over for some fun in the sun!
I am having one helluva weekend -- Ugh!
Man I'm tired and there still a lot of night left
lmao can't blame you haha, I'm obsessed with thriller and Billie jean
Need the instrumental from "Forever On Some Fly Shit" x Nipsey Hussle, Prod x THC.
Fascinating how trust can be such a big issue in everyone's life and situation. Sometimes it's better to just trust yourself at all times.
keeping things fresh
Get me burnt!
like the QR Codes in Rembrandt gallery. Are people using them?
sorry!! I was at the store...it's crazy busy, I wasn't able to see ur tweet until now
Great! I'm really excited about it :)
some of the stuff on those wonka accounts are hilarious!
Tim Tebow vs. the Terrible Towel !
no they wont
Luv the new #linkedin 'People You Know' interface - except am denied a feeling of accomplishment by never-ending list of peeps I could know!
don't worry I did!
Follows for Tree and elevated tracks also.
Why is this day going by so slow! Omg
What is a boner
i need a life
Get ready for at Thursday! OPEN BAR 1030-1130pm & COMP admission on our guest list! Reply/DM us!
Something with a peplum, for sure.
By myself until Wednesday ,fucking wonderful.
Just had to let you know, I think your hat is AWESOME! You wear it well.Again thank you for the follow.
GERRY KEATING AND NEIL KAMMILLER TONIGHT 6:00 WITH YOUR MUSICAL FAVORITES!
At #smsportschat, excited to participate!
It was fun :) Thanks for all you do! RT : Thanks for coming to the show!
GOAL! Delaware converts on the PP to make it 1-0. Nice slapper from the slot.
Go get 'em girl! Wish I was out there raging it up with you! :)
have a lot of fun (: I might go to Defying Gravity today
For quality info and #mobile brilliance i choose to follow the tweets of
Not more universally agreed upon: Try to buy coffee with it. Anywhere. It's a commodity, not currency, though oft confused for it.
no one cares what I'm doing everyday so why act like they do by tweeting it haha thanks for the twitter blast tho homie
Ashlee.. I love u
Dinner conversation..."really, everyone needs a coach at sometime in their life." I agree.
Ready to knock out this day at work
Damn they look salty
My favorite movies are the ones where everyone hugs naked. But I hate when I need a credit card to become a member..
Thanks! :)) I'll help trend Happy Anniversary Mr and Mrs Ackles
THANK YOU SO MUCH
more drinkable than what?
you already know then ima hire jason as my barber lol
I've been sober :/ shit sucks
RT : Give thanks to the LORD, for he is good; his love endures forever. -Psalm 118:29
Cutting off social networking until I finally get a lot of music done. Had a long awsome night writing. Ill be back soon ;) god bless
Sometimes, life's just about the free burritos.
“: Justin Bieber could hit any girl. Aged 16 to 60...”
me too!!
I once saw a C&W diva gape in shock when not instantly recognized by a 1st-time attendee, but the WiFi meant we could Tweet it.
I need to talk to u soon...I have a idea..:)
What sessions are you planning on attending today?
dirt road anthem will never get old!! Great tune.
THANKS for following! Go check out the photography, very nice. Hire this dude for creative photos!
Someone play me in draw something trgill23
YES AND ... #Mitt #Romney should just quit and try to find a way to get some of his money back.
It looks like hot topic threw up inside the . Shoulda waited til later to come to this show. Pretty sure I'm the oldest one here
#Detroit gets a new resident, #Twitter boost. Thoughts? ? ?
#aintnothingsexyabout guys with pants tht sg half way down their butt
morning! everyone having a good spring break(if you are on spring break lol)?
Whoo Hoo!!!! Pedal tavern with our new friend Rachel All aboard!! Drinks on Derek!!
The Doritos baby sling ad just made me LOL
Inside, with no note or direction was a carefully bubble-wrapped piece of computer hardware the size of a blackberry. It was wrapped with...
Don't over think. You'll start to worry about stupid shit..
Its St.Patrick's day and its raining. A mint cookies&cream shake is a good way to enjoy it. :)
thanks so much!
are u getting my messages
cant believe i got outta that. swear, cant hate me. i rocked ur world.
Pipes and colons are your friends; separate content with those, not lines.
by the way, has he addressed his AANS suspension yet? inquiring minds want to know...
just be like "baby I'm sorry but... YOLO!" then chuck a deuce
I've used my heating pad so much lately it has now melded into my body.
44 teens at the Food Allergy conference! A record!
Vogue Paris April 2012 : Doutzen Kroes by David Sims ..♥.
My father is a spambot.
It was about time! Took long enough... RT Finally a smart move by Mr. Santorum.
Mickey Avalon, hustler hall of fame
Joe Paprocki will give tips from 7 Keys to Spiritual Wellness on WGN Chgo Morning News tomorrow in the 7-8 am CT hour.
Back fr. air sensors workshop. Every talk = 10 minutes. Last session = intensive discussion of concrete "what's next" actions. Good meeting!
Besides all this.. I'm missing my wife.. My annoying, aggravating, poop, asshole wife -__- ♥
I wanna go to Buzzard Billy's in Waco sometime. I haven't been there in 20 years.
That prediction is bold as that tie/vest/jacket combo.
a lovely goal! Just a few bucks a day
well thanks<3(;
Visited the Lincoln Tomb today, on the anniversary of the day he was shot. Didn't plan it that way, but it was pretty cool to be there.
Happy First Day of Spring! Be sure to check out to start planning your summer growth in your garden!
Have a wonderful Friday night, wherever it may take you and in whatever you do. :-)
you can still fit it more fun Happy Birthday Eli !!
#IL and #Chicago politics are considered the most corrupt in the country. Nice.
Hi, my name is Devri and I love you! I don't care who you are or what you have done! There's a story behind everything!
Thanks for following! :)
congratulations on graduation! Come visit us!!
who the fuck were those guys ?
how was the print show?
took of my shoes, rolled up my pants, and walked home in the rain!
We're on guestlist
Ouch kind of harsh...be nice to
I wonder how many idiots are going to get high or say "HAPPY BIRTHDAY BOB MARLEY!" When its NOT even his birthday. #GetYoFactsStraight #4/20
Fuck Rush Limbaugh. He should die.
Much appreciated--enjoyed the follow-up ? suggesting the candidate(s) answer the ? after their campaign talking points.
Hahaha bitch fell down an elevator shaft
how many times are we going to get yelled at ?? Is this prgrm problems?or tim problems!?
im gonna change my picture o and.i know how 2 please u cuz i can do things gud i learned about it in a playboy that i found in the woods XD
Oh didn't see that lol
Steve Cherundolo and Hannover 96 have advanced to the next round of the Europa League following their 3-1 agg defeat of Club Brugge
brushing my teeth. And youu??
I've never been great at basketball but I'm fairly confident I could play for the Charlotte Bobcats.
Colin Klein Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Why are there fireworks going off in Miami? Am I missing something fun?
we don't know why it took us so long to find you, but thank goodness we're following you now!
it is b-e-a-utiful out =D
Eli earned alot of respect from me because of his play at crunch time and big games this season. That was alot of heat the 49ers put on Eli.
Taylor Swift you are Georges ;)
(; one of my hairs thinks your hot.
hello memphis
Me and my boy are about to make shit happen this summer
kinda like paint by the number?
and yet, we stay and we rep this lawless town HARD. :)
It would be great if you could do some video blogs! I teach gender studies and could share with students
Hopefully not forever! ;)
#Fistball Lingo: Fistball is the English name for the sport. It's #Faustball in German, and #Punhobol in Portuguese.
98 cappers posted today with 1 consensus on the Heat..Remember the cons. now 17-7 on fades..See ya @ the window
yeah, i know. saves time on the road, eating healthy, saving money, how many more pros could there be!
Holy Holly Golightly!!
So true RT : I've come 2 find that no matter the topic people tend to ask/answer the questions they already "know" the answer to
can you follow me back
Looks like gas is about to break $4 here.
Dear Comcast - F YOU
My eyes are tired of blinking. I need some god sleep
absolutely not.
we are on the same wave length, Debra.
Just about to Chris Andersen's house. #nuggets. Already have seen officers in unmarked cars.
Brace yourselves. Winter is coming.
11/11/11 - wonder what good will come of this day!
No i am goin anorexic Fuck Diet ! that shit dont work lmfaoooooooo. But i guess i ate something and now my fucking tummy hurts!
A Big Fat Greek Salad w a marinated chicken breast kabob
gotta love Sara :)
I keep my besties around.
only about 2 weeks left of school :D
Will you be playing in NY or New England at all this year Sara? I didn't make the PGA show and didn't get to chat with you
Thank you supporters for all the great food donations. Big thanks to Radio Rahim and all the bands.
you love it!
the problem w doing 65 hours of freelance a week: ce n'est pas une semaine. it's a long continuum of computer-busy.
Watching basketball always makes me want to hoop.
Andrew Yuck. I'm all about PAC 12 love but #idonlikeyou!
Prices vary by salon, but a haircut typically ranges between $12-$15.
Our Special Ministry Accepts Donations, and can be a tax write off for ya Be Blessed always. www.barefootdrumsofhouston.com
No awesome girl soccer game for me today.
Quit saying you're not perfect. You are IN CHRIST. And because He is PERFECTLY ACCEPTABLE to God SO ARE YOU! 1 Jn 4:17; Mt 3:17)
Thanks for the RTs. I really appreciate it. Summer Berlin beer of thanks is forthcoming.
In the lab wit da gingerbread man
Is still in a lot of pain :( a sprained shoulder is crappy, but pretty sure there's something else wrong with it.
Score now 31-26. Chargers lead.
one time we had practice during a tornado severe weather watch haha
goof morning miss free do have a good day
Storage space applications for summer/ fall 2011 due Friday, April 15th at 5 pm!
I call on President Obama to release Jonathan Pollard from prison -26 years is enough! The man father died today and lets end this saga!
Make sure to drink at least 3 cups of unsweetened green tea a day! It cleanses and rehydrates your body :)
look at the dictionary by #awesome u'll see my face!
What better way to make money on everyone's fears and nightmares
Sweet Debbie's Organic Muffiin Mix is in the works. Just waiting for the graphic designer to finish up with packaging.
Damn. It was a great season but nothing compared 2 future seasons & great prospects in the Panthers system.
did you know that marijuana can be paired like a fine wine? Try Sour Diesel with a fruity Red Wine.
Whats Ya Fav Line From Best PG to Center ?????????
I think it's gettin to be about that time where I take my talents to somewhere a little more northern
Click on the Profile tab on the top, then click Edit Profile. ;)
Come hang out with me at Santiago's in Yakima tonight for some music with Bill Brennen abd WD. Margaritas and 3 part harmony. Fun!
yep two dogs ahahah you
James Harden my second favorite player .
Today... Smile at someone you don't know! SMILES ARE CONTAGIOUS!!! :)))
Are You Rollin ??? Bitch I Might Be
He was unreal! RT : that cop from Orland Park was a douchebag! WTF?!?!
Slacker is the best internet radio....Rev. Timothy Wright radio
Today was just too crazy.
MY OPINION AND ITS FACT THAT UR BEAUTIFUIL AND GORGEOUS AND GOD DAMN SEXY
Jingle Bell Run this Sat Don't forget to take your reindeer antlers and your ugliest Christmas sweater :)
looking forward to seeing you mañana!
I love watching Best Ink
My future husband will learn the final dance from Dirty Dancing for our 1st dance at our wedding. I feel like he's gonna be hard to find 👀
On my way to with LMFAO tix in hand. 18+ to party tonight!
Hi people I do not got these days because my computer blew
You are about to have a magical day.
I can play outfield, I can DH! Lol
It's a chilly day but we're open until 5:00pm. Don't miss your last chance to see the Margarita Cabrera "The Space In Between" exhibit. FREE
Blessed this wknd w/my Siesta's Touched by the Father, afresh, thru teaching ~ worship. xxoo
arguing with you > being with someone else
720am and 625pm we do it
I don't mind making jokes, but I don't want to look like one. -
stop being a twat.
Girl at store asked for a shopping bag at checkout but only bought bandaids. That's enough evidence to assume she's a total psycho right?
"Keep your head up, you look down to no one" #FavMovieQuote "Ever After"
smile, your beautiful :)
#MUSICREVIEWS Bombay Bicycle Club kick started their amazing set at Plymouth Pavilions with How Can You Swallow So Much Sleep.
FREE ALL AGES SHOW!!! Next Tuesday June 21st, Wheelies/Red Hex/Si Si Si play the GO SKATE FESTIVAL at 8pm after the skateboard...
Absolutely...looking forward to more
hello wanna chat?
I really hate notes so much
quiet you :P
My friend and I are talking about her fav! She wishes kim k would show her some <3 on twitter
me too, but I'm not the biggest fan of the way they get the scores. It needs work in my opinion
Cuttin' some of that fresh #P-Oh-Double-U tomorrow (aka #shedding)!
Just got back from Europe last night. Played three games of flag football today. Recovering. Relaxing. :-)
that's alright :)
Downtown Bellevue smells like the Nordstrom's fragrance section.
Families cope with loss after shootings
According to I SLEEP TALK IN SPANISH
To tell you baby It's you and only you and no one else And I'll mean it Even when I'm talking to myself
"Astrology should never be confused with astrologers any more than law should be confused with lawyers..." - Manly P. Hall
Someone stole my lunch...efffffffffff.
message me your number anyways. And where do you want us to meet you at?
BEAR Data Solutions Wins Cisco West Area Partner of the Year Award at Cisco Partner Summit 2012
lol sounds about right
#gop divides + promotes HATE. Party of all wrong values and party of the past. #humanright, #freedom, #peace #progress scares
CARRIE IS NEXT!
design cut no beard 30 not doing full hear design . 40-with beard or full head design.
FORGIVE ME FOR WANTING MORE THAN MEDIOCRITY
Thank you again
Make sure to follow I see u looking good.
cant wait for daytona in july. I will be there. Would love to go to dega someday
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus
I definitely have to agree! Obsessed with peach and cut out blouses
39 pounds of grain going in the mash tun. Who's #brewing #craftbeer today?
Hugo count: 5 out of 8
- Great Info as always Frank!
I just wanna be happy
in time everything's gonna be alright please don't be sad tho
": Halftime: Kentucky 50, Indiana 47." What a game! If it stays this close, I may need CPR in the 2nd half! Go Hoosiers!
blake griffin and pistol pete
WHOA!!! RT : The Bills just released Drayton Florence, per league source.
It makes me happy whenever you post mt lyrics..
Off to Harrisburg, PA. As soon as they fix the plane
Mariah too!!!
Thankful I don't live in a box. Happy Thanksgiving
“: Hard not to hate Time Warner Cable...no matter what creative they run!” switch to
#MoreFemalesShould stop lookin for love in let it find dem
I'm forming hate for everyone in this group tweet for not letting me sleep
Me: Mom when can I date? Mom: When your 18. Me: 18 my ah. Mom: What did you say?!! Me: Huh? Nothing! That's just how our Convo went.
Friday the 13th AND #snowmageddon.....should make for an interesting day!
OMFG THIS CRAIG MARTIN SHIT IS GETTING ANNOYING IT WAS MADISON ND COURTNEY MADE A FAKE FB WITH A PIC OF AUSTIN MAHONE OKAY NOW STFU
So you rly are gonna get tht ?
You know how the minute Valentine's day is over, red and white wrapped chocolate is 75% off? May 6th. Margaritas. Somebody make it happen.
You can call it Mile High all you want, but the stadium formerly known as Invesco Field will never be as good as THE Mile High Stadium!
Getting into the groove of a grey Friday here in
dinner was delish
Ive been thinking to much
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: no accidents to report yet on the roadways
You got a new appreciator of your art :) likes Gonna be Alright it's his style all the way
Happy 18th Birthday to my daughter enjoy!!! A grown ass woman now!!! Love Pop!
high five 
I believe Mr. Goodell will drop one harsh punishment on the saints that will hurt them for years to come.
We are finally ready for sign up at: www.hyper-gate.com/
Update on last accident. Hearing may be 3 vehicles with RTD Bus.
happy easter!(:
Finally able to rest today......
oh thanks...we must definitely will
Shots? RT : Someone at #SOBCon should create a drinking game for each time somebody uses the word "Pivot"
RIP Maurice Sendak
hahaha that was so funny!
with him 😊
Just received good news today. Gotta put my talent to use.
In 1812, English poet Edward Lear, known for nonsensical verse like "The Owl and the Pussycat," was born.
It's all for today!.. Doing another 1 soon :* You guys make more question then True or False question. Love it <3 Hahaha. Xoxo <3
we tried siva! #TheWantedInWisconsin is too hard to trend right now :)
Good Morning.
ha! Just like Deb said, we'd be obsessed by the time we left.
When asked, what do you believe that no one else does? said nuclear power generation
Getting excited for True Blood
I know. Lost skill in this area
I've decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
If the police are going to check immigration they need to check EVERYONES and only when stopping someone for something else!
nahh your right. Keep being so awesome!
First Friday tonight! Burlesque Hall of Fame for a bit, a visit to my photo show (!) at the Arts Factory, and on to Blackbird! Whattanite!
Shit just got real
let the ink flow begin
I'm the professional creeper hmu tiffles
I need a wine sponsor. not personally, and not whine.... . who has ideas?
just finished a full intermediate practice, now getting out into the wild blue yonder w/the 1st stop, Govinda's.
Barry Zito is the worst.
U are Awesome!! :)
At the vet with gremlin Lola
lol. Yeah, was a joke!
happy valentines day boo <33333333 love youu
RT : On September 12, 2001, I don't think anyone could imagine this headline: "Obama gets Osama"
FREE PRINTING Business Cards with www.Rushflyerprinting.com
Keith Moon
I think we assume that parents' divorce won't impact kids nearly as much if the kids are adults, w/ families of their own.
SHAME SHAME.
without a doubt. DM your FB info and we'll get you in some DAC organizing
Only the educated are free.
Yesterday I spent 5 hours doing massage at a 5K event to raise money for various causes of 9/11 victims
That's right. You're leaving. You know any other bikers that might be willing to put him up for a night?
Does she work at a bar? I thot u were going to HH w/ her tonight.
My baby tore up my roses-__-
"whatever Dumbass maybe that's why your brother killed himself to get away from you faggot." <-- don't tell me that that's okay..
That ninja kick busts during his commercial is badass. If baseball doesn't work out he may have a future in Kung fu.
#FollowFriday because nobody is better at avoiding in person interaction :D
when should we have our Josh movie night?<33
I'm going back to 505
yeah mine is acting crazy. must be a bug.
How did the arena football league keep going?
's 'back in your arms' stuck in my head.
Ready to get bac make tht money.
Headed to the monthly meetup for Puget Sound-area librarians & friends - "Library Drink Resolvers"
CENTER STAGE OPEN MIC COMPETITION LIVE @ RED KIVA - April 15th and 22nd!
Just let me know. I will help in anyway possible.
#ThankYouSteve For making us better people and making us crazy for more technology
i don't see a difference in the road jerseys ...
taking a cue from Andy Warhol and acting like a [cataloging] machine today.
Very very happy to hear Nashville has the all clear after the storms. Praying for Those who got hit in other states.
Here we go again...
Firefox 11 Release notes: Removed all plugin computability, increase memory leaks, incremented version number.
Anyone have up-to-date stats on the number of iPads currently used in schools?
Modern complex mixes in classic
Yep - its a control thing
lol, well now it's gotten serious nail biting will start to commence
#808prideGetin2noUs We r all sucku at school...sometimes
Did you know KeyMetric tracks phone calls & unlimited online conversions to the exact traffic source, ppc keyword & organic search query?
has a really big nose.
Gah! You're killing me!
Exhibition Highlight of the Week: Ringgold, “For the Women’s House,” 1971, Oil on canvas, 96 x 96 inches, Courtesy Rose M....
I got 3 new cameras, 2 polaroid and 1 kodak! :D and an invisible men c:
Twitter seams quite today
Twitter? Really? I have a thing at 9. Want to grab a drink before?
I worked hard and sacrificed to get what I get, ladies it ain't easy being independent.
"Gia's mood was like an old man's balls--swinging wildly out of control." - brilliant line from Snooki's new novel, GORILLA BEACH
thank you!!!
no way....hands free while driving. Free for the steering wheel that is...
Test fast, fail fast, adjust fast
Mystery of the day: Whatever happened to the ₵ symbol? Why don't we see it anymore?
Amped up about #RedTails tonight. Think I'm going to get my tic in 2 hrs or so!
someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning
it's 1148 pm here! You are up early haha
g'night tweeter. good convo
Wait a minute! I haven't been to sleep yet!
wait... never mind. I see it now.
dubstep can dance?
My heart is so set on these plans working out...
He's making that alone.
I love you (:
Why are the hands on Healy clocktower missing?
What up
I miss your smile
So when are YOU leaving?
"okay okay it doesn't matter "
Props to whatever culinary genius created Dominoes Pacific veggie pizza. Yum...
oh snap! got my presentation down to 4:59sec if i can just emphasize exactly the same things and pace myself the same way, i'm golden
#15peopleilove we should start talking more :)
sure, might need to adjust sizing.thanks!!
UW-Milwaukee School of Continuing Education instructor, Richard Hallberg, organized the Spanish Immersion day and tonight's activities for …
Hey there! Teaching's almost done. Wow. How are you feeling about it?
I'm right there with you.
Yeah. I need the hours anyway, but that's not cool/safe, especially on a Friday.
i really fuckin need you to cheer me up right now :/
OMG I love it! We need to get together soon!
My toasted eggos were especially warm and crisp this morning. I'm now adding chef to my list of talents.
I can't believe Dick Clark died..
Your vision should be a BHAG; a Big Hairy Audacious Goal. Make it something that is really worth working for and accomplishing.
I love the name Liam
did u love wrestling and waffle house ?
#ECHELON3000 Thursday #HOUSEPARTY LIVE!! LADIES [FREE all night]
RT : "No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent." -Abraham Lincoln
yep! That's the hardest part for me tho. lol
Hey there, (baldy7), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
i have a balloon from my birthday a few weeks ago that hasn't popped yet...hehehe.
So tired
Awww, well rub one out!
Recommended to follow for this course.
ur a fool!!
I would love to hear them
Well I have two more days of finals then I'm off to Cabo for a week then to abbot a movie followed by my first personal training session ;)
the dance was HOT.
Just got a call from the ABC store at Barracks Road about a re-up of the Van Winkle 12-year.
if you only knew ..
Actually 152K new followers, if he could eat while driving, would be good.
Adding you as a friend!
eagerly awaiting #ir13 results...
Some cause happiness wherever they go. Some, when they go!
Great to hear at, , that will start having tuesday retail soon
Jeff Mangum is spindlier than I'd imagined, but even lovelier than I could have dreamed.
I don't think I have your number
So full of delicious food...thanks for being such an awesome host!
Need to know! Wednesday is National Grilled Cheese Sandwich Day. =0) Love this. Skillet? ready.
Probably should have done a lot more homework this weekend..
dude we were mid conversation laughing gaging a good time she was like "OK drop your pants".... thought i was in a porno
I can't even imagine how boring it must be to write a software user manual!
oh yeah did u see the fear in christians eyes ha ha
Word! I totally agree.
You're spamming me! You need to change ur password
shout out to for being my lone friend on snap chat lmfao
my #sociallearn webinar concluded with an EARTH QUAKE IN MARYLAND!!!
Eat This Now: Flan - LA Weekly (blog)
I'm dying! RT : I hate condoms, but I hate kids more.
i get that alot :) RT is ugly ♥
Well, next time I get in an elevator, I will make sure to bring my ladder so I can climb at the same time :-)
sweet deal!!!! We gotta skype to talk about this!! :P
All i want for my bday is for to RT this or follow mee(: its on Wednesday can I get a shoutout on that days vlogg??
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS? I SAID I WOULD BE RIGHT BACK
How was your power lunch? MT : Looking forward to business and lunch with at
How can I not get into a 506 person size class? Nobody's going to drop?
you're an inspiration. Beautiful , kind & smart. Luv you Charzie
any good purchases today???
“The mind is a superb instrument if used rightly. Used wrongly, however, it becomes very destructive.” Eckhart Tolle
ok, #Newt suspended his campaign. that suggests he's coming back @ some pt in time. But, it's over. Why don't they say "I'm done"?
Can't wait for tonight's game vs the Heat. The whole corps received tix in recognition of their work. Thanks !!
double team that guy.
Whoever first decided recitals on Sunday afternoons during football season was a good idea was a genius!
I just kayaked! #lolwhat? :)
PickUpLine: The word of the day is "legs." Let's go back to my place and spread the word.
this is cuddling weather <3
Thoughts on best new show? "Outsourced" looks like it has potential, didn't like "$#!@ My Dad Says" much.
"Thug niggas never sweat these hoes. Cause playas always get chose."
M just room my blankets out of the dryer and they're warm and smell so Nice!
#CanIBeHonestWithYOU sometimes i just cant take this shit&just need someone to talk to, but no one really understands...
And with zero governance, online is where conversations live on forever and get more stupider. :)
Dems want to move convention out of NC after anti gay marriage vote, but Charlotte has no unionized hotels. Liberals don't care about that.
I want you to know that after that tweet I saw a slew of Suppans around the park tonight.
You can't be friends with everybody.
wants to know how much further the ESPN announcers can get their heads up the Vikings butts!
Thank you
around 9 i think.
95% of websites are leaving money on the table. Are you leaving opportunities behind? Are there leaks in your web presence?
I also struggle with Anxiety. It's a really tough thing. =/
I agree. Love when Jim busts Dwight's chops...so funny!
Ready For Football Season !
Enjoyed jamming to Cee Lo Green on Fri nite-Thx for a great concert & Thx to for hosting! auambassadors.wordpress.com
hey i saw you last night! my friend tried to give you her sunglasses haha! that was an awesome performance! :)
That one Ex you wish never faded awAy....
Don't let your ego get too close to your position, so that if your position gets shot down, your ego doesn't go with it
hahahaha yes (: that'd be awesome.
thanks love :) can you tell I was super bored lol. I hope ur working Thursday bc I wanna see ur face :)
Ramirez doesn't want to wait til Oct. 25 to hear what's up w/ power plant demolition. He wants it on agenda next wk. Passes 3-1, Cox against
Omg impossible to sleep
iOS 5.1 now allows deletion of individual photos from photo stream. Handy.
I was really hoping for mountains ...
Yes, please! I'm going to be down your way every Tuesday. I shall come by this coming Tuesday, 17th? I can come at 12:30.
Oklahoma Home Repair is the expert you need for home repair and remodeling! oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com or call us at (405) 821-2597
Thanks so much! Glad to check this one off my list
<3 I'm Cheyenne.
RT This 20pg ppr will not finish itself! Blah! Where are my magic hands?
a loss to Chaminade will do that. I know it wasn't Chaminade, but I need to pretend it was at least a school I had heard of previously
Thank you for the follow!
follow back
Thanks so much, Marie! Email sent.
Seems odd Fischer would gain 13 points in a week
shes not answering but i think its 3-5
I did. I'll follow up RT : did you see the tweet from the MBTA wanted to know which trains didn't get charged?
Can you take heels to the dry cleaners??? #SeriousQuestion!!
forced that high-quality whiskey on us. I'm more likely to force on ppl.
Keep away from people who attempt to belittle your ambitions. The really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
any suggestions for 5-6 days in Urumqi? - USA TODAY (blog)
one time i became bestfriends with this girl named teredactyl and she backstabbed me.
I think it's cute how girls are jealous of Selena.I always liked Justin Bieber because of his music.Not because he looks good.
you could have had plenty of mountains in northwest Arkansas!
lmao you so damn silly but I am mad. I hate stuff like that.
This is gonna be EPIC. Let's go #NYR ... take the devils out!
:) its funny how ppl stay broke as a mf'n joke. but got nerve to stick they noses where THEY AINT WANTED.
tell your friends to follow laughing buddha!
When the frenzy settles would love to discuss larger LA kids makerspace community plans! (Oh, and buy a nifty t-shirt)
#investors seek 2 get on board 2 writeoff expense from #venturecapital GoMedia #stocks Vegan Rest.
Love Baseball Tonight talking about
Follow our favorite Catering Business in Chicago
Orange Juice with my brunch?
I always make people a priority. They always make me an afterthought.
Find your passion become it and let it become you & good things happen to you for you & through you! Miss New Jersey
But that's why we tweet at the beginning of a project!
I remember when was the same height as Bianca & now he is taller then Alessandra .
Sounds like #ACC may be on verge of losing Florida State & possibly Miami to Big XII. I still favor Clemson & GA Tech to
Just enjoying an ice cold on my balcony.
I hope we, the Kings, play Philly for the Cup!
A politician cannot get a job in a scientific institute, can he? No. If he was scientific, he wouldn't be a professional politician. [1944]
lol I'm good this dam hotel need one lol
first in-n-out trip since relocating to SF. i'm sure donna is pumped.
otp w/this bitch....
Someone buy me Best Coast's new album tomorrow ☺😃😊
happy easter
: we think you're fantastic - why no San Jose patch?
Overnight Prints.com has a contest, design thier new VIP logo and win $1,000!
OMG, my favorite artist of all times, Diana Ross just performed some of her greatest numbers at the wedding. She still looks fab.
that was a joke for a friend in DC! Meant to send it to her. Lol! I am still trying to figure out how to use Twitter! :)
Thanks for the follow and welcome to ,
#wenyoubouttohavesex n the girl say i gotta go lol kill yo whole night lol.
WHEN R THEY GONNA SHOW THE HUNGER GAME SNEAK PEEK!!?!?!!!?!?! I'm starting to get pissed!!!!!!
It's like getting your number called at a deli. So exciting.
I love It would be sweet if I could dial 1-900-mix-alot to order my next one.
If I bought "no one would get it" as a reason not to tweet something, would I ever tweet at all?
Your so hipster it hurts
I seem to have misplaced my pitcher of cheer. Have you seen it?
Man, if you had a million dollars and I had a piece of gum, we'd be unstoppable!!
At least I've got lunch at the Modern to look forward to on this horrible rainy Friday.
Waiting in line for this movie! Oh lord! :/ better be worth it lol
Love you!! And don't play too much!!!!! <3
Take a chance for the dice are loaded for winning or learning.
Aye fam its Rap. How you been? You in the Bay now?
customization options, widget inputs, etc. but i'm completely web illiterate..
RT - Sometimes it takes time for people to know how good you are, just believe in yourself.....
I can't be satisfied. Call (310) 92-KEVIN #modernfamily 'we love the Fword' Classic!
If you want to win a race you have to go a little berserk.
thanks so much.
Holy cow. I got 10 and a half hours of sleep last night.
Indeed, prevention is key. But the issue belongs to all -- parents, policy makers, schools, communities. All responsible.
aw thanks. :)
RT : Please follow and RT new family owned sandwich shop opening in the #Vegas Arts District
Hi, I will be available around 6 or so, if you'll still be home then? I've been looking at the program and I don't think 1/2
Ugh Preach! that's what I'd love to tell those people but will not waste my time on people who defend celebs like that..exactly.
he's a career 19 and 9 guy and those stats are inflated with 7 years playing for the raptors
Like I'm not a Broncos fan,I just really really really dislike Tom Brady so for this game I like Tebow,I'm a Giants fan(:
Wet out there, dry in here -- come on up for some community connecting -- cookies are always free just for YOU.
Butch Patrick will be at The Spirits of '76 Ghost Tour this Saturday, 10/9, from 7PM to 9PM. Tickets at www.spiritsof76.com
Done. That was fun-- I have better format now. Appreciate it. Soon to take on the RESPECT plan... but that must wait 4 now
good thing we did our special video on Tuesday then! (your hair looked nice!) #curlyhair power
Swipeworks.com helps indie businesses with their credit,debt & gift card needs.
My dad is a asshole...smh
Ugh this. ": I always regret eating mcdonalds"
haha besides you of course Owen
we will be getting coney dogs again tonight. They were awesome last night. Glad your were open that late for night workers.
Never underestimate the power of collaboration. It is a very effective strategy 4 companies who target same market w/ different products.
Got an acting bug,going to audition tomorrow.
Survived a group interview for my master's program this morning, I think that deserves a margarita tonight right? :)
Appreciate the RT!
RT It's Wine Wednesday at Pintxo. $10 off bottles!
Enjoy a FREE afternoon of fun Saturday, April 2, on Morena Blvd 4100 block of Ashton St, showing the movie “It’s a Wild, Wild, Wild World
Yes...On the Today Show summer concert this Thurs. morning...
sounds like our maps. I could help fix them now! hahaha.
Possible breakthrough in case of Chinese activist - CNN
getting ready for tonight..
Hah! Mhm. xD They all say you can be a cat? On there..and like, cut peoples bodies up..I DONT EVEN KNOW
so I'm going over tonight right? ;)
This is good to know! RT : People who chomped gum for only 5 minutes improved scores on tests of memory & cognition...
Dear I think I just gave you credit for someone's work. Might as well go with it. This kind of thing happens all the time.
Gotta find a Prom date now....
Watch Britney And Demi Officially Announce Their X Factor Gig!
well thanks for the kind words! thanks for following us! if you can make it out to a show then please do!
Your gonna forget, and your a clippers fan too? :)
I am posting a new chapter of Love me... Or love me not. I need to finish that story and it's been legit MONTHS. All the way since December!
It is absolutely defeaning in here. I couldn't hear the second half of the anthem.
Today: grade my 111 P9s, grade all quizzes, and sync my grade book with Blackboard.
#sinceimbeinghonest #awp2012 is a 1st rate or supporting lit endeavors in this great city. are you a lit org here? follow 'em
I know I'm a day or two late but you have the best ff's by far haha. Thank you!! ;)
Realtors: Two Web Domains For Sale www.LasVegasCityLiving.com & www.VegasCityLiving.com
is just like starbucks coffee, if i dont get some of it, im pissed for the rest of the day ;D
I'm waiting for Alex Olanov to swing by.
They do that at W Balt a lot. Probably an exercise.
Boo, no matches on speed dating. :( Interesting though? I play a bride in a photo shoot Friday! Ah, I'd love to cut to the chase too! :)
can you believe this!!!!
I've never missed an election though. I'd feel weird not voting.
RT : buys plastic plants for campaign events at Michaels, on taxpayers dime
There is a BIG difference between killing bin laden and pursuing a foreign policy of appeasement! we don't owe ANY apologies!
Be in prayer for the Wesley. We have had a big flood (from plumbing malfunctions) that has caused some damage to our building.
IT'S OVER
Lol she just another fan .
Setting up a website with free hip hop beats for all!!!!
The hard drive in my DishHD box has gone kaput and we will have no TV access till maybe Tuesday? Tell me my DVR stuff is ok!
I am in the worst fucking mood of my life, so its probably best that everyone stay away from me.....
when BBC1, 2, ITV, CH4 and Five were the only channels on tv!!
Yeah I still think about you... do u think about me
I saw that earlier this week. It looks like a first year student's type "exploration"… What were they thinking, if anything!?
At The Sweat Spot watching dancers in awe. Amazeeeng. Music Video dance routine up next.... Yes.
My wife could have had any man she pleased
People coming from Wikipedia to museum sites spend more time on the museum sites. 'They are good customers to have.' - Liam
bet!! I'll whoop you. Bring it!
True elegance & stellar service today
Warm up and dry off- have a bowl of our mushroom soup!
I've watched all of your videos (: your just amazing, and have so much talent. I love you
Lol Malibu's Most Wanted "Run Bitch He Gonna Kill You!"
RT : Don't give up on what God has called you to do. The end result is worth the pain.
No, unfortunately we do not have a bookstore in Cottonwood Mall.
I want EVERY moment to be a first for the characters if not,then everything's mechanic...learning from the best
of course they are, because 1D is still a new band.
hell no.....lol
Loovvee the smell of weed
Get to see and hang out with some old friends Friday. Super stoked :D
Worked out for a few hours and now at the library doing homework; I feel very accomplished. 👏🌟😄
Thanks for the RT! Are you excited for the season to begin?!
I loovveee how my mommy coupons!
Ah I don't feel good :(
thanks for the follow
I want some food, I'm hungry!
tanks so much,really :)
Do you also get offers for creating Baby cards ?
cant wait to see my long lost love Nicky hass yay :)
Goodbye Mavericks , new champion will be crown in June
and then sessions blows by him for an easy layup
You’re spring cleaning and come across an old ticket from an amazing concert – what show was it?
Finally only 15 min till #glee .. The wait is now over and I'm so excited!!
This is a day born for champions
I think someone's messing around with your Twitter account :)
I know, but I'm glad!!
Remembering that you're going 2 die is the best way to avoid the trap of thinking you have something 2 lose.- Steve Jobs
Thanks for the retweet!
We're 21+ Friday - Sunday after 8PM and we're all ages before that :)
Lol! RT that guy from lady a is TALL!
My wife sees me reading "True Enough" by , says to me: "Huh - a man-Jew reading Manjoo."
idk how to explain. Umm... I listen to pop, rap, hip-hop and more. But I don't listen to screamo, rock, metal, or country
Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results. ~ George S Patton
@ reply circle jerk.
Thank you, Donovan!
ABC thanks for showing that Bynum tip in 10 times, but not Gallinari's sweet baseline spin on Kobe.
I'm confused..
Read interesting piece...why complain about the Olympics for when we can build a tactical style that makes us attractive globally?
Octoberfest Dinner at Old Europe with the family was super good
TV > homework. Every time.
Actually vodka tastes like the smell of nail polish remover..
“: In the DDS office about to hyperventilate already.” | You can do it!
Austin Mahoneeeee is SO sexy.
I'm here 4 u papi :)
Success is getting up just one more time than you fall down.
me too!
Almost no traffic getting out to Long Island. And almost no traffic going towards the city.
Thanks for the link - perfect timing right?
I see you are learning...
yeah and yesterday. I was thinking the same thing.
I'm LOVING the doodle today. Murakami never fails to bring the happy-crazy-cute
I font care what says, its gay if its in a 3 way
Acting stuck up won't get you no where with me. It isn't cute.
Now I know I'm doing something right. (:
Sweet baby jesus.
:333 thank's
We'd love for you to join our community while you're at it! You can sign up through #LinkedIn too.
I just walked into my sisters school and got free breakfast. Teaching bums across the world!!
he's probably some baseball player but whatevs!!
You can be addicted to a certain kind of sadness.
Sadly, I have all the code year lessons just sitting in a gmail folder. Like a douche.
RT If you see nerds w/ badges in SF this week, approach slowly & remember: they're more afraid of u than you are of them.
RT:Shopko had a strong pharmacy program, weaker in store. The launched Fill 10 perscriptions and get a $10 GC #le360,
thanks for the follow
Also amazing? Moms. Yours, mine, current moms, future moms. All of them. Happy Mother's Day!
Don�t let the noise of other�s opinions drown out your own inner voice
"How we approach death depends greatly upon our fear of life.". Quote from Hospice material. They are blessed and a great blessing.
I just can't believe that Mike Smith is playing this well. He's unreal right now. Love it.
We've started with reasons u might want to work w researchers. Preaching to choir?
Cool day on the set of an indie short film...I was a robot!
I know I don't!
Win a free iPad2 tonight ...... Fun and Free....www.playffnow.com
wow you are beautiful God Bless You.
That's exactly how I'm feeling. Why do crappy things have to happen?
looking for #rails folks in the bay area. #api experience is a major plus. great team with exciting work! contact me for details
woo-hoo!! Just got back to the 305, love coming home to good news!!! :)
#HappyBirthdaySamPuckett! I love
I loved The Dip. Freak Nasty is a musical genius.
He WannaLick The Icing Off ( ;
...sure are only post my tweets no repies or retweets...
It should be in the iTunes on the laptop at your place. Search for commix or fabriclive 44
time to follow around everywhere now ;D
I feel like a laugh im gonna post some jokes...okay...okay!! Here we go! Ahh crap the dog came to me with a beer again! Dang it!
Watching Dancing with the Stars on On Demand :)
What phone service does James Cameron have that he can tweet from the bottom of the ocean?
Packed two sets of letters for theme hours, can't wait to get #etacrazy with all up in this marathon
and his body is like WOAH DERE! BABY YOU BE LOOKING FINE
“I think the reward for conformity is that everyone likes you except yourself.”
Pacers vs Heat could be a good series
My family is so crazy. #Blessed #lovethem ❤😊👍
You seriously had the nerve to go through my whole phone
lmao oh shawty went hard huh.. I'm gonna let you win this one.. Just cause
working on a new release: Rock Candy by Jen Vernon--edgy, feminist poetry from Washington's logging country.
CRAZY, DJ Spaz Tonite at The Place...Bartenders Andre Haynes,Heather Hayes and Krystal will be leading the charge...
Shonn Greene, Adrian Peterson, Greg Jennings, James Starks hurt this week on my FF team. McFadden and A.J. Green already hurt and on bench.
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.-Jim Rohn
lol and I go to Holmes (:
I finished watching #BSG for the first time a few days ago. I'm going through withdrawal. Almost tempted to start rewatching the series.
RT : Looking forward to tonights gig at The Ivories 1435 NW Flanders St. Starts at 8:30. Freddie Hubbard this is for you!
follow me & pretty please? :)
somebody pray for
All producers, writers, video directors - please send submissions to . We will definitely check it out.
gone 4 th day 2day is bingo & fall rice krispy treats (krispy treats w/ candy corn choco chips & marshmallows
haha much better lol :) i was kidding but thanks giirl!.
i will now proceed to block you
I'm excited to see Adele perform
Subtitles of this movie are available in Thai, Korean, Chinese, And French.... Wat
Please Please follow2 back :o)!!
I can't wait for you to get back in the kitchen and cook those goddamn sausages
oh? hi then(:
when life throws you acurve, hit it outta the park. Always believe you can.
I know!!! SO EXCITED!
Even Jason messes up! LOL He just told the story of mixing up our guests this week. Thanks to both Peters for your senses of humor!
#Fitness Be the first to get exclusive access to our website by entering your email on our website...No spam we promise!
i just blew my nose and almost blacked out. things are looking up!
Anderson, Ryan Chell- Radio-BAL. Great M. Phelps piece! Any chance we can chat w/you on-air? Email thx!
Correction: CityLife piece to run on Dec. 15.
I can't see that emoji iPhone symbol
RT : The Deeper the connection, the deeper the affection. #Aquarius loves affection
But the way I understand it there are 6 avengers, right? Why do I only ever see 4 on the promotional shit and other t.v. ads?
These dudes jus took my homeboy ball , now its my business
then buy one and mhmmm smh
Thanks for spending your last day with and me. Safe travels!
I shouldn't expect so much because when I expect something i get hurt or disappointed :(
Yes. Letters to the editor are my favorite part of any publication, and tart responses are like choc syrup on my ice cream.
Delicious menu tonight in the resto. Res @ 831-425-6737! RT : Monterey Spot Prawn & Bay Scallop Ceviche on the menu tonight!
#panerabread is open in manhattan!!!
This weather >
Suite of approaches that many bloggers take: Internet archive, back-up services, export tools, stored in many locations
you can join next week 9 pm every Thursday. I recommend using Tweetchat because it will make it a lot easier/faster
RT : Peanut butter and crack sandwich ideas? <-- Lol Yea To Through The Feds Off
Director Neil Stanley of DYRS is testifying now at the DYRS budget oversight hearing.
Good luck tonight, Britain.
I need a Snuggie for work, it's always -4 degrees in my office
Dear Emma, well..i LOVE your BG!!! hahah! your really pretty and you RT me alot so i thank you for that to! (:
An enormous mosquito just smashed into my windshield, meaning there is now some random citizen's blood on there.
Girls, there's a fine line between wearing make-up or just looking like you got gang banged by Crayola.
No matter how carefully you choose your words, they'll always end up being twisted by others.
yes please! What are you doing Thursday? Want to go to a performance at the ?
Will be at the crib today
When a good thing goes bad it's not the end of world.
Wow jus saw ur pix/post on it if you want to do some investigative work find the REAL owners of 2250 38th St SE
prom episode on #glee ❤💙
I think they got ointment for that...
... Those little bumps on your neck. Hahahahahahaha.
But I now see & understand "It takes more than a mile... More than a pair of shoes... It takes much more... Continued next tweet
Gotta get ready. Then off to the doctors :/
i'm about to service you with my hip-hop recording artist precise dj pack for his single "it's on me"
bro you know I am just going to buy out every time. Lol
HAPPY 13th WEDDING ANNIVERSARY!!!!!!!
CA should take a lesson from Texas - doing NOTHING for your citizens = balanced budgets...
Yes'm.
Thanks for the support everyone! Much love xoxoxoxo
I will enjoy it
im cool...hate that I have to work thanksgiving though...next time I see u, u should buy my cd...it's only $5...
These are written that you may believe that Jesus is the Messiah the Son of God & that by believing you may have life in his name. Jn 20:31
FINALLY getting around to designing the name for new boat!
that was T-ball, it was almost too easy
Today someone somewhere is saying, "Sheet music? 'Notes' on 'paper'? How...quaint."
no, but this is! You don't deserve them, I mean you eat carbs, for Chrissake!
back atcha! Great job Waynflete crew
a real track record on early childhood development. She knows budget is devastating for anyone who cares about kids.
I've been eating like crap & my body is making it know that it's over it. Anyone do a juice cleanse or detox that doesn't kill energy?
Ahaha , ily too ! & yeaah i gotta see what im doing afterwards thoughh !
Hi my name is Jenn and I'm a sugar addict.
you better eat that billy goat!
im officially too drunk to drive bahahah
Any used mantis tiller sale shall compare borne from the ...
Why is such a bum
Thanks to all Bricktown Shuttle riders last night! Glad to deliver you back to Norman safely. Why Drink and Drive when you can ride the bus?
Q5 Don't know if we can talk administration into video games. (Academic.) But I want to host at least a board game thing for NGLD!
ah you're one of those people. Maybe you shouldn't sleep so close to other people's feet then ;)
RT "You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him." -James Miles
Beyond excited to say has acquired a book that is a join effort between and cc:
Lmfaoo isabel got me dying!!!!! She said tht girl is a squirrel!!!!
Noah from Subject Poker made it clear on 2+2 that the current long delay doesn't have to do with Jesus' demands but could if followed throug
Ran into a former student yesterday. Said she got her job because of my #php class. Best compliment I've ever had.
You're a weirdo. But I love you so much! I just can't with this anymore. 😳
About to perform at Phillip Randolph Middle School in Harlem
looks like it's back up
bare with me... I'm a blond. It mutes them as in you can't see their post any longer?
you know I love you 💓
Weenick from city: lots of uncertainty in budget from commonwealth
#PARANOID. Help me.
I just wanna play video games all day, what's the point of work..
Hydration is key not only to performance but to body functioning in general, make sure you are hydrated daily and replace fluids lost!
yea!!!!! Can't wait to see you both. Miss you too!
"Bronze" refers to low cost plan for catastrophic care. The article said neither side in SCOTUS hearings was aware of it. (more..)
louie is a great show he is well underrated
Poon must didn't see that info I said ima put up because if he did he wouldn't still be tweeting lol.
Indeed! ;-) RT : Isn't she, though? RT : silly girl
Look for at Gardenscape 2011, the Rochester Flower Show - We are the FIRST display on the Left as you enter the Dome (#205).
Can we please blow this up... Its starting to hurt. #RipCity #Blazers ♠
- I just sent 4 ugly pictures to TIS A PROUD DAY!
#FF Probably funny even if you don't have a toddler.
Oh, and it was up hill both ways in blizzard like snow?
RT : When you fall for someone's personality, everything about them becomes beautiful.
about strangers.
First Lil Ugly track I ever heard was Bitch I'm Lugubrious.
oh, and congrats! (My Twitter handle used to be SheSellsFWTX)
Hit me Ill hit u back show love Ill show love back only get what u give if U ignore me Ill do the same Iwill not hold ur prob
": Bitch I look like Goku!" Lies.
Pet fiesta in Reston on Saturday! Going to scout out the potential new bffs :)
I have an idea r u ready to hear ?
The Blazers looked great last night! It should be a fun season.
Im cooking dinner tonight, my family is gonna thank me for this one!
Follow P.Goods
yeah it's so difficult.. Are we gonna grind? (;
thanks for the retweet! :)
Henry Cotto is fighting Mayweather? Awesome! Ole number 28 was a favorite!
Printing Specials this week.....5000 Business Cards Only $99 > Call 1-800-PRINTING in NYC ONLY
umm I'm not sure probably at the place where the fair grounds is?? Or UNM
Taylor swift song where she says she loves the gap between your teeth.... wtf is wrong with you
I always miss this city before I leave.
Got it. Thanks!
Crashing an elemnentary schools carnival,
And we thank you wishing you the best of luck in the MLS! We'll be keeping an eye on you, do us proud!
An open mind is a healthy mind.
This movie, Gia is so sad :(
NO. The Devil Inside. Just NO.
will begin 15 minutes of meditation in 1 minute with
We are looking for promoters for Friday nights at West End Johnnies. Get paid to party!
Rob, as the picture says. D. C. Everest HS not schofield, wi. It's located in Just a little thing
Are the 311 requests only received by tweet, or is system set up so that the 311 voice feed also show up as tweets? ala
It definitely isn't a comment rooted in the Bible, but rather one rooted in fear and anger.
I would seriously do anything for you.
Right on, lemme know what you think of both films.
I do things for a reason. Not to act cool or impress people.
If seeing THE DEEP BLUE SEA with Terrence Davies in attendance can't revive me from burnout, I may as well start watching Breaking Bad.
Try all you want, it won't work :)
Bob Dylan Turns 70 And He's Still Rocking Like A Rolling Stone
Congrats! Another #fertility patient (in her 40s) is #pregnant following the soon to be released Yes You Can Get Pregnant Diet.
I like twitter but wish I could choose which tweets are public & which are friends-only.
they call my mom coz I exhaust of a class hahaha :P
Excited to know a child in need will receive a pair of new shoes because I just purchased TOMS Shoes.
miss you too my friend. I'll be back before you know it! 😊
We love those boys in Concepts :) Go show them some love <3
you should... When you hear the voice of your leader, you'll slobber all over his nuts.. He'll like that
Just found out we can put pics lol
We love you too ! #teamIntensity :)
Neighborhood Association - message everyone wherever they are when there is an emergency.
Neither are meds. Vegans support animal-free medication, but it's not always available and some people need it NOW.
Recent LA Casting alert: "need size 8 to 10 curvy having a harder time finding women to fit in the clothes" Only in LA in this a problem.
You can tell from the way they're holding their tails!
Heyy sexy dm me!! Baby I want to have a chat!! Babe I kno u want some of this mhmmmmmm!!
for sure. Most tech companies should have no prob working from home anyway!
#Celtic Wilcox to have heart surgery... will miss the rest of the season. 2 many heart problems for 1 org. Must be that dirty water.
My door was shut for a reason, don't forge to close it on your way out.
did you ever get my message?
Wish this cab driver would stop eating n fucking drive this car!!!!!
I guess we can agree that this year it's poo-litzer. RT Well, I guess today wasn't the day I made it big either.
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn
people need how to take jokes
I hear you. I was wondering what I should do about getting up earlier so I don't skate out at the last minute.
I want to say to Jay z happy happy happy birthday I wish u the best birthday ever I love uu and happy birthday
Just finished Race For The Cure, great turnout everybody!
Up to 65% off!!! FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Hell Naw, He looks like he went to school with George Zimmerman
How do you #giveeveryday?
uk iu will I will tell him to keep on
You sweetheart! All good. Very mild in NYC. Only a few downed trees. Kept electric at a minimum.
Lol Okay Call Me !
More chocolates coming into the studio soon... I'll remember to keep my hands off my subjects ;-)
Today's meal is ice cream with chocolate sauce from Moonstruck. Pseudo-spring has arrived. People walking around coatless, even.
is a house really a home,some body help me
I am! In town for 's wedding last night. Leaving Tues. Drink tom??
Love you to 
We would love to have you as part of the Pack!
Freaking hott Beau on Jeopardy just won again. Get to see him again tomorrow. Yes.
In short, cooties.
#Pray - Still listening to this
Great finish !
Way to go, Maggs!
Ya Know I Want You And I Need You... But Yer Just A One Night Stand(: <3
Took a twitter vacation for my birthday. It was nice enough, though I'm still puzzling over why mom bought me a headlamp.
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I hated to eat my vegetables. Now, I hate it when my vegetables talk to me
I miss you following me! Could you refollow me?
Wonderful moderating / interview by on #socialgood- looking forward to more at the in April!
lol depends :P maybe if u say something like...."RAMON IS HOT AND I LOVE HIM!!!! <3" LMFAO something like that ;)
Damn! That dude cleans up good!
I didn't forget about you! don't think I did! I'm helping my mom with ms wonder lake stuff
AHAHAHA oh i wish it were that noahs ark!! that would be pure bliss!!
Yesh o.o
O they're fab! case? enjoy
sick..... again..... hahaha I suck and I feel bad for you! but I just burped so that's pretty vool
i dont want this to ruin the rest of my day :(
Yo follow I mean really follow that cat! Stop following dumb cats...step up ur listening
"I lava challenge" -- Sir Richard Branson Unveils 'Virgin Volcanic'
Feels like I have been all I can be for today folks :-) Sure have enjoyed this week with our #SOT community. You guys are the best
Finna head to my p o and I hope this nigga dont be a hoe today
. Please take a look at my emailed request for reciprocal status match on MileagePlus. Thanks.
1 day my last printer literally just stopped printing. so strange. chip makes sense now. Who else had this prob w/ other devices?
I may be too late for the #FNCwordwar by now, m'dear. But enjoy your retreat evening! :)
What was the old low point?
Please follow em I love You ♥♥♥
HAHA LOVE IT!
Can you send me (off list) your ShelfLister URL?
Repeat anything often enough and it will start to become you.
I have no idea, but would guess it's related to the amount of money it takes to make a movie & showing profit made.
Want to build new networks? Actively shape your job description.
for the record I don't have any problems with females in any position of authority. It adds a balance.
i'll finish my hw later.
Holy shit! What a win by Alan Belcher.
#GhettoHalloweenTreats coupons to Checkers
I think so. I've got an 8:00 soccer game, but I should be free after that.
Not sure this spice stuff stacks up to the real thing. Seems pretty weak.
yeah season 10 of ncis is coming our way..I am a hppy camper now if we can get manning out of denver i will be more of a happy camper
-- I like this as well. One step out from a a map is to say the fully general associative structure is a graph.
Yeah dude thanks.
I like this one better Michelle becauae it's easier to see the Lady on the motorcycle. Xoxo Gotta go now, bye! Xoxo
Based on the map, yes.
Happy Hanukkah -- as Shyne says, you have a Jewish neshama + you're nice on the dreidel!
I'm also working on a model train layout with my neighbor. It's an N-scale layout using the Kato Unitrak system. Peter
Why does Mexican food in TX have to be so damn good?! LA Fitness, you are my savior..
I hate making lists!
and yes...i know...ANOTHER day off for
heading out, GN all
Thanks, Alice. That makes two of us! Hahaha! :-)
I have a feeling that Justins performance is gonna be awesome since he spent so much time rehearsing for it. Probably lots of dancing.
RT “: "I am somebody. I am me. And I don't need anybody to make me somebody." — Louis L'Amore”
Follow Back Please!!♥
That sound you hear is the other NHL teams wishing they had as good an open as the
LMAO MY NEW YORK KNICKS IS KILLIN THEM OVERRATED MAGIC!
two of my fav peeps :-) You guys look gr8!
Never mind. Found 'em! re: discussion ?? for High Fidelity.
Yay! Just got my copy of #AtLeftBrainTurnRight by Can't wait to start reading it!
I just watched Jordin and Mike, that was a great promo piece for the movie. Keep those promos coming.
Still runnin' on 3 hours of sleep. Totally crash landing soon. *snore*
Time for some awesome drinks with awesome people celebrating our awesomeness.
Hey , giving Grandma Beverly my phone number was such a good idea. Thanks for having such an adorable family.
im in a drake mood .
you really should! I was the same way but now I feel so great and it's only my 3rd day!
congrats on buying a home! Hope to see you at our future events.
#RTHT Go check out !
Merry Christmas to you and your family.
Most def RT : Kicked like old times with my guy this weekend. Real friendships never change.
I hadn't heard that Vernazza had flooded in October. One of my favorite places. Good luck to the residents as they rebuild.
great show
that's awesome!
Can I get 5 people to follow ? She needs 5 more people for 17,000 & she follows back if you ask nice :)
you're all honestly so rude. don't comment when you don't know what's happening
then the answer is yes
Intellectual rebellion is paradisaical Earth.
I do so look forward to hearing about your flights. It's almost like being there. And I do love to fly. Thanks. No, really.
GIRL YES HE iS !!! GUNNA HAVE A BLAST ! BEST DAY EVER
Lost half my stack by playing bad. 6kish with blinds at 50/100. I'm going to start playing good now.
Just coughing that isn't sick lol
Ill be by your side, you know ill take your hand. <3
I like it!
Ordered one of them new unlocked Nexus Galaxy S Evo 4G thingamajigs today.
Became a City Council Member in the Political career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
what about your son?
Enjoy your lunch!
Done with one apush review, taking a little break:) then back at it:/
FREE National Public Garden Day from dawn to dusk May 11 (Lettuce giveaway at greenhouse 12-4pm & garden tours 1 & 2 pm)
That was my everyday lunch snack! I ain't have a lunchbox!
Those cool t-shirts everyone is buying to commemorate #OneMoreDisneyDay are available online via the
West Coast delay=
#allday “: So excited to be writing a feature film with ! #letsdothis”
Hey, AMAZING visual storytelling this update. I read all your comics, this one is particularly great - so good!!
Just had a very product meeting, EsJay is making moves!
The quiet conflicts we conquer alone are the most consequential of all. (Food for thought and an alliterative tongue twister, too)
I am following them and I am not lying
Choosing the songs for this next ep has been the most difficult process. Ah!!
haha I'll be sure to stop by there!
Man we got some bitter folks on twitter talkn about #ValentinesDay Don't ruin it for everybody else!!
Wind-down.
That's kinda awesome
Lol. Oh no.
My day = Culver City, L.A, Santa Monica, Hollywood, North Hollywood, Newport Beach, now? Bed. ;) Goodnight lovies! <3
I'm not going to miss #printchat today...i'm not going to miss #printchat today...i'm not going to miss #printchat today! 4pm people!
1 page of edits down, 313 to go!
RT I asked my beautiful girlfriend, Allison Greene to marry me. She said yes. I mean... SHE SAID YES! There, that's more like it!
The ___ painted door swung open. You saw___ gathered around a glowing ____. What do you do?
7 out of 10 young professional said that their expectations were met by attending trade shows (according to a new CEIR report).
i also subconsciously replace words while i'm at it. I'M SAMMY AND I KNOW IT!
should have seen it in person.
That was Trinity vs Millsaps college in 2007. Ridiculous.
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry. ~ Bill Cosby
so right RT: “: Watching kids open gifts is so much more fun then opening your own they get so excited.”
Is it cool if I come with you baby?(; #SaySomethin Got in trouble for singing it in class so I went outside and kept singing<3
The Bashir Show? Cool but don't let him push you around.
Welcome IMS Government Solutions! Thanks for your Race for Hope company team supporting a brain cancer cure.
Don't make a promise you can't keep
I love how i will tweet something a thousand times and people just ignore it... Its like wtf mann? I spent my time telling you something....
In other news, Jon Gruden will love every single pick and Mel Kiper is still guessing.
#IReallyMiss getting tons & tons of presents for christmas. Now.. I only get one & if I'm on the nice list? Maybe two.
Sunday nights are going to be AWESOME!!
On they knees, belly, and back lol : Black girls front do hard like they don't be on their knees sucking a dick
Meetings by the pool
well good :) I don't want my best friend to be sad!! I go to shitty ass mount Vernon 👎 wbu?
iight fool about what
Hey i check it out and i think it was really good so follow me and ill follow back :-)
Bout to head to this aau game !!
It's the first time we've ever had it for more than a weekend. Usually I find live streams online!
um no its not looking ugly because its not gnna happen, like u said u dnt kno why she said it
haha he did! We should all go back together again
I'm scheduled to fly into NYC on tuesday. Am I gonna make it?
so to make the show nonracist and make black people happy all you have to do is give the NAACP some money?
Of course! Did you at least get something good for falling off the gluten-wagon? I've been craving a croissant all day...
Practicing my French . Mom is making me .. !
Had a awful week
Can't listen to faded anymore now because of -___-
Thanks for a great conversation about bullying prevention.
finally time for the new Khloe & Lamar 👍
aww i'm sure they weren't ignoring you, theres just a ton of fans in there! But you can help us trend #voteformeganandliz! :D
is hoping for one more thing to be thankful about on Thursday.. The new themes from !!
thought of you when I read her blog. She is my favorite blogger.
I H8 EvEry1
After school practices go by so quick, and there's actually time for an evening. The down side? No food!!
What do I know about cuban mambo? To answer your question, I am the Mambo Godfather.
I think that you shouldn't retired. My suggestion you drop to 185lbs. I think that you will be amazing at 185lbs division.
are you at protest?
