What happened to the moral character of our politicians? They used to serve the citizens but now act as if the citizens should serve them!
tins make perfect coasters
fosho love family
Black girls have bad attitudes.
Someone remind me why I didn't switch to Chrome earlier, again?
Not feeling so good so I'm gonna go make myself some soup
Which part of St. Louis, I think I might point ya to the bast gas station. Safe trip!
Just found out is coming to MKE!? Um, two tickets please. And
Girls that bitch too much <<<<
That's excellent company ;)
SURVEY: 35% of employers in MA are more optimistic about hiring in 2013 and expect to add more jobs.
you in horn lake ?
Up bright and early and out at for meeting
lololol no I CAN"T!!! wait till I tell you bro #Trinkets!!
I just got up to use the bathroom & realize I still have xanax & liq in me. Ima shrug this 1 out
GOOODBYEEE HOME RUN...God I love you JJ Hardy
I cannot imagine that feeling. Its a great feeling as a fan to watch you guys come in, but as a player Id be speechless. Update us
Nothing like a 4 + hours of a Red Sox / Yankees game
I'm laying in bed sick as shit watching. So fuck you.
Bused to work. #seattle needs to improve rider IU infomation- website.
“: The most liberating feeling in the world is to move past what people "think" of you!”
#Goodnight1DFamily you ROCK
He's going their withy parents today. And lots have said the same about Visionary Arts. On the list.
OMG TINA!! Congratulations!!! I'm so excited for you!!! (Thanks to Twitter, I now know your great news!!!)
Good works Tyrese..Hope to get a chance to work with you soon...
A poor man with nothing in his belly needs hope, illusion, more than bread
i cant set my hopes too high cause every hello ends with a goodbye
How do you politely tell someone (who sucks your time and energy) that it's no longer your problem while still saving face?
lil wayne rocks i listen to his song sometimes even the rap songs ;)
i dont like you... leve me the hell alone -___-
So I have friend is making giant steps as a country music recording Artist...Show some support and learn about Kevin Mac!!!
I want a car
Yes, we only sell a particular brand of suet and suet feeders. That's how much we believe in the quality of this product!
Also that was complete sarcasm.
New Madmen on the 25th! That should cheer ya up! :)
drunk driver just hit a parked car right in front of our building,.... thanks for making me miss the last 5 minutes of the game
CAMS... Slap the ask!!!
Sounds like the boyfriend wants to go somewhere new tonight... hopefully heading to !
shout out
Gym was good 3 1/2 miles. Good job. Pats self on back. No #eyecandy and I still made it. Starting to think I'm too choosy w my candy.
I know, so crazy!! I couldn't believe the price was so low. Finds like that are what keep me hooked on thrifting.
I hope sings Ol Red at the show tonight! #oldiebutagoodie gosh he's cute!
man shut up and go your African ass too sleep
More passes for 212 in a lil bit... Stay tuned!
I always turn to the sports pages first, which records people's accomplishments.The front page has nothing but man's failures. -Earl Warren"
“: Trying to decide if imma go to Brew City or not #hm”
loving you in this basement. Follow it!
From #RIT hockey to #ROC Fashion week, ah reporting on the weekends
god morning! just thought i'd throw it out there since i'm having a great one :)
"The answer to the problem is in the problem. That makes it an opportunity"
Listened to the Ep !! Keep doin your thing.
The 101 is a
I just saw something that disgusted me. Smh!!!!
Postcards for sure. And what about Boogie Nights for Ms. Moore?
im not sure I'm gonna do what he wants me too lol I just got his call though.
Guy in front of us at the ball game is clipping his nails. Not the time or the place, dude. Dude.
i saw you at h.e.b today :)
Money,cars,clothes and jewelry won't ever love u back!
I didn't know Dr. King's mom was shot and killed in 1974 while sitting at the organ in Ebenezer Baptist Church. Why didn't I know that?
So bummed I missed Danny McBride at PaleyFest...I want to work with him one day!!! Why did I have to get sick last night????
I'll take a look in a bit. :-)
When it rains, it pours...at least this week! Only good thing is I'm done with school for the semester!
Don't tempt me..although I am only 6 maybe in 1o years !lol
wat it do big homie...I was fuckin wit you n NAPTOWN B4 CHRISTMAS....NOW I'M FUCKIN WIT YOU N MY HOMETOWN...MILWAUKEE
Fill in the blank: During the Blast offseason I ______________.
Thanks Certified retweeter
maybe beckett should go back in the dugout and eat chicken and drink beer.
awesome! Please share what you learn!
Go ahead! It's over RT : Man this game need to go off so I can get in the bed!!
Walking home from rehearsal in the snow in athletic shorts and a sweaty tee.
We sold our soul for the Stanley Cup. Next 40 years of misery now.
Say you love her! She'll follow you! :D
Anyone have a cordless hand vacuum that they would recommend? Please let me know.
Just started watching #TheVampireDiaries for the 1st time last week on Netflix. It's really good... very well written.
Skipping out of work for a couple hours for a hot group scene.
Almost just called me baby niece, Pikachu.
Isn't it though? I kind of want to go just to check it out. Note to all: for me, "bad" art is sometimes synonymous with "great"
If it isn't yours I wouldn't bother either. :p
will do. Very cool
So today they told me something about HIM ^.^ yeahh his amazing ♥
Welcome to Twitter.
Me and predicted exactly how tht was convo went
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay My brother is not weird :D
Oh, ok. I must have miscounted. I thought they'd max at 11 when I was looking at schedule.
Me & going to hell
that part is DEFINITELY true. Hahaha.
haha just teasing! Miss your face darlin. Let's catch a show together soon!!
what comment.? im lost
Oh, forgot to mention over on that we also set up our Pinterest account. Look for infographics, etc. soon
RT : Why do you shop at KNO Clothing?
Stop allowing meaningless people have a meaningful impact on your life
We know the Trifolium repens by another name — the white clover, but more commonly, the shamrock.
What odd features do you find attractive on somebody?
Have n be safe come back in one piece with some sovouniers alrite
Right back to Franklin smh. Did we have hw?
Do you have days with boned wings specials?
Lamborghini mercy, your chick shes so thirsty
You want internships? We got 'em! Marketing/Adv/PR students email your resumés to
It always pays to chop the head off of a snake because their always lurking in the grass full of sheep....
Being alone sucks -_______- ...
Shake it off, lift it up, go not quietly into the gloom, and just email me and Ill email u a song or two that are sure to lift u up Jay
Heading off to bed Sayonara to a horrible weekend full of lies, betrayal, loneliness, uncertainty, disgust, and the worst inner humiliation
Have faith, it's free!
idk I might have..who did I came with?
do this Heels!!!
Wow did I really just get off at mount vernon thinking it was an express train and then remember it does stop at woodlawn? Merrr -____-
Focus group about laundry detergent. I should have known is be the youngest person here.
Enjoy the Alamo City! Be sure to stop by the Japanese Tea Garden and check out Mission Trail! Eat some brisket & tortillas for me!
hi girl
yes send me an email and i will tell you which ones i have from you.
bed time for kitty and me
Just got a new phone!.....So ready to PARTY tonight!!!!!!
Open House at 5848 Cactus way this Saturday from 11am-2pm! Come by and take a look! Beautiful contemporary on culdesac in La Jolla!
Every time Woodhead scores Rex Ryan has to quit watching and go get a snack. FACT
Glad u like em! And #glutenfree!
glad you like it ! :) welcome!
We are looking to speak with anyone who is going to be putting up posters for #KONY2012 in San Diego for
"You don't know how to have fun the way" -
RT : As it is said, "Today, if you hear his voice, do not harden your hearts as in the rebellion." (Hebrews 3:15 ESV)
It's coming in the first update to Angry Birds Space.
Overheard: "Economists make predictions only to make astrologers look good."
I know! just joshing ya guys--I've got a grad degree in mod & contemporary lit--I love it deep down.
Don't tell yourself #ohwellohwell and shrug things off. The best time is right now! Who knows what tomorrow will bring.
how do you keep that figure?
Until we strung out like a violin, come back to life, then we die agian.
It's stupid and unfounded but it's not causing any widespread harm. But the anti-vax people and the alternative medicine crowd cause trouble
I'm the kinda guy that turns lesbians straight
Outstanding Athletic Coach of the Year -- Ed Leyden.
Just published tour of Lower Midtown (well, at least the MP3 version)...iphone app version submitted for publication!
Oh girl, you HAVE to pick #dragracesharonneedles!
Even buses are messing me over this week!
You should let us choose! :)
The presidential motorcade is right near me right now!!!!
“: When boys pick you up and carry you like its no big deal >” 😜
i want to put my pussy on your face hun..
“: Fat isn't the enemy. Your fucked up perception and preconceived notions surrounding the subject is the problem.” // prob...
Serious Question. Will the UK/UL Final Four game trump the KY Derby?
Ok, now how go i get back to MSG tonite? anyone?
- No worries. Been a bit unusual thx 2 the labor uncertainty. TY 4 ur support of HDSA! We've got a golf tourney on 8/26 fyi.
#20factsaboutme 12. I enjoy ridiculous things, like the foreign channels on tv, and killing Isaiah on the xbox360.
Morning seems so unfriendly the colder it gets.
Thanks, yo! And I'm well aware =)
drunk tweet but Imma keep it classy: Heeeeeererereyyyyyy
I just be like fuck you what u need? U don't get nothing from me, u always talking shit now I'm somebody you will love to be
& if it was me u were talking bout I'll say u knew the feeling was mutual..
I got that from rodney when you played ball with him
I'm so jealous! 2 1/2 more weeks!
Put it down on me
I don't get these zany references...can you put it into dumb kid terms?
A complex mind is always one to value.
The Weekend ATC puzzle solution is totally "Madison"/"Medicine." I can't play, so g'head. Submit it. You can keep the prize, too!
I would be ready to take the hit if i was keisha...... fuck it.. grab something and hit her with it.
Thanks for listening! And yes, that is a great song!
Magic Johnsons blood is the cure for aids
follow back :D
C'Mon Blazers keep it double digits! #RipCity!
I get really annoyed when comedy radio plays visual jokes.
This twitter so cool n fun yay lol
It was awesome. Had a great time. Missed your presence on the dance floor though!
The mini heart attack when your swimming and you feel somthing in your pocket..
#WBWednesday Dedicated our 10th Women Build home to Sequoia & her son! Thanks & many more!
Funny Bob Gray experience you had! Should be a good movie they are writing you and nick should be in it and play yourselves!
Shout out my real niggaz #teamhustlelife !!!!
I love my Mac, but despite what some Apple fanboys say, just like my pc, it needs a good reboot every now and then.
Exciting! Reading through 1.0 now :-).
Smart companies know that effective HR is there to prevent issues; not just deal with them.
The fact that I'm seeing avengers tonight with awesome people makes the traffic jam I had to sit thru less horrible
Guys are already sketchy.
what's up with the random Man U fake as hell fans
Just went thru our followers and made sure everyone was followed back .! :) - Zaona
yeah going to get my mama from beauty shop
Happy Thanksgiving girls! <3
Momma loves the iTunes thing we should have done this slot earlier😏
I'm only being civil with this chick because today is my son bday so I'm not gonna FLASH OUT.
New Twitter button!
so excited to have the Gig of a lifetime Doing the IPL Opening ! w
fuck yeah blowin up 's toilet
Saw you on TV with seats along the side of the field during Sounders game v Galaxy last night. Sweet seats!!
Love it! Great connecting with you on here, also!
Music Video Shoot Today
#Genealogy Who in Virginia has any Original family records f/ Philip Rutherford & Elizabeth Evans? He was born somewhere to? bet 1774-80
when will you ever learn a language on your own? Never. I can look at piles of advertising "education" online and learn it.
Rayle' done knocked my whole plate of food down, she bout 2 get beat up,
Black people take forever to order food
am I really up watching the royal wedding? Sometimes I amaze myself.
Oh hi, I remember when you were just a wee little guy with 1k subs. Nice to see you've come so far!
Teachers are always under threat of litigation. as they are protected by schools who have deep pockets.
Correction from previous tweet, GOP Sen. Terry Moulton is from Chippewa Falls. Van Wanggaard is from Racine
Yes! “: could you play the song time is love!? Its been stuck in my head all day!”
On completely unrelated topic: I love the scene I just wrote.
I should have majored in Interior Design.
Our sub for Speech was on Big Time Rush omg hahaha
thinks she is going to finish 3 projects today-that is very promising
Both an art & a science. RT : The chief activities at #THATCamp Gov will be filling out forms. Creatively.
filling another need. What do you think? What did we give up?
Why did I love her? Because it was her; because it was me. Montaigne
“: well how did you survive in ethiopia????” I haven't been there since I was 3! Lol
I'm dying to see that!
#SandersSunday !! So excited to see
The Mexican and USA national teams. Talkin about World Cup 2014
yup yup
It's not what we have, it's who we have in our life that counts. I'm so grateful to have some pretty amazing people in my life!!!
In our weekly Board of Directors' meeting
Because I love the opportunity to be snarky and talk to myself here on twitter. ;)
Isn't your bride wanting a Times wedding announcement with a picture of only her a sign to run like hell?
follow me? :)
why couldn't victor ortiz get a Rematch or maybe somebody like andre berto get a shot! No offense but cotto over the hill
hey ya never know Ben. It could have been your way of coming out Haha
miss you too Loren :))
ugh. This would suck and btw, hope u r rooting for Knicks! What u think bout bears draft?
Just told the to go fuck themselves..in a written response to their "Special Offer" for me to pay for their website. So satisfying!
I went from feeling accomplished to dejected in 2 hours.
Post World War II world, we had lion's share of all the stuff. Nations have prospered, markets have shrunk. And competition. Shift has come
Sad how people can't recognize how hypocritical they can be and can own up to the fact that what they did was wrong too.
Wishing a birthday filled with friends, sugary treats and bubbly drinks!
I feel like I'm forgetting something important...
Anytime. We love the work that you do and we're just glad to help in any way that we can.
// Can we come with you? India Palace is so good!
no not tonight
Baby boom happens every time we are in a recession just cuz us teens ain't got shit else to do(: lmao
See you at 8:30 on Davis Island!
Is about to announce that 5 out of 5 mothers (ours) approve the use of Point Imaging as your visual marketing solutions provider!
Follow me in instagram ill follow back maria20198
well hello!
Tradigital as in 'not hot'?
just hearing them talk about their plans (i heard shake shack somewhere in there) makes me so jealous
Well ya, they're so dirty!
HEY EVERYONE PLEASE YOU WILL NOT REGRET THIS!! GO FOLLOW her music is just amazing gogogogogo please :3 thanks!
Definitely just tried to swipe my debit card where I needed to swipe my metro card
I agree! I'm so stoked for summer this year. 6 concerts right now, then I'm also going to the mint with Allstar next month!
yep! And make some too!
WE JUST FINISHED A MARATHON OF ALL 3 SEASONS OF RHoNY. WE LOVE U EVEN MORE AND WANT U BACK ON TV WEEKLY!!!!
they are there now! spring academics-kl
Vomit burps <
My Packers played like shit today, and did not deserve to win. JFinley you are worthless. Ugly game by everybody.
love the new icon ms mena
Tweet LIVE with me during the premiere of FAMILY AFFAIR on OWN - tomorrow night, Thurs @ 9/8c. Set your DVRs, Tune in and Tweet
If they're dumb enough to walk away... be smart enough to let them go.
They should kill it for all platforms. And Windows while they're at it. They can leave Excel - it's pretty cool.
RT The future belongs to those who see possibilities before they become obvious. -John Sculley
my mouth is burning! :O
Please follow
im done for the night later losers
First #ignitesf talk: all about rejection. "It's amazing what can happen when you put yourself out there." <--- good lesson for me
Have you seen our cool Tiffany billboard on I-25 near Montgomery? Thanks for all the hard work Clear Channel! It looks great!
Hit a brother up.
Just realized I have to put my clothes in the dryer. Fml. Lol
This is going to be the mother load of #toads I need lots of prayers.... And alcohol.
Ur still argue ma to me
My top 6 songs played from my iTunes is
Dad: "You should be ashamed, when Abe Lincoln was your age he chopped wood for a living." Lazy Son: "When he was your age he was President."
Jonah Hill is an awesome actor! I mean he has been wearing that fat suit his entire acting career. That is dedication! Suck it De Niro!
Start your weekend off right with - Theme: Speakeasy When: 9 PM - 2 AM Where: Reason: Philanthropic fun
awesome movie about aliens & human being. astrobiology at it's finest! marine biology, life & chemistry! Aliens of the Deep doc
RT Bloggers become influencers because they have a platform and passion for what they do. Tap into their interests.
on .amazon they have a autograph picture of sterling personal by him :)
Public service announcement... You may resume your #wwf and #drawsomething games! #pcbw comes to a close tonight.
Don't know if I will be able to sleep after witnessing Ailey Co. Staging of Naharin's Minus 16. Playing with barriers
GIRL, i'm always in a state of "getting hungry" -lisa
Royal couple are gay
Atleast come up with some NEW songs if you are gonna steal country music $
A little extra boost from beating Philly and NY?
great perspective, that so many of us went through! Always amazed me how the jaw drops when you get real on money n markets
thank you :) turtles are way rad. You cant deny them
Juwan Hung up on me :/
Congrats on the birth of your baby girl! Love the name Emma!
And saw #johnbarrowman on #myfamily earlier too, so it's been an entertaining night of programming!
Back in KC working with www.2dawgscopies.com and www.gold4goods.com
Thanks for the tip : )
Tired of this major ish. It's my birthday! Leave me alone!
thanks for the follow...coming to Nashville anytime soon?
reading those makes me feel ugly, fat, poor, stupid.
Kids love learning that involves their senses: touch, hear, move, see speech/language learning the sensory way!
Hoe's down,G's up!
Contemptuous , dishonest, & who knows what else ERIC HOLDER wants to sue SHERIFF JOE ARPAIO ? GMAFBRK.
Pat Summitt steps down, Dick Clark passes away. ... tough day. ...
thanks for planning vacation for us....lol
got my phone swatted across the room in basketball practice. #ugh DUDE, YOU BROKE MY CASE!
What did you shoot that video on? Great work.
get ready for the creek tomorrow. 😲🐍 🐛🐟
Put your boobs away, get your butt off the sink, smile, put your middle finger down, respect yourself, THEN see how many guys ”respect” you.
Posting video on your website of your latest trade show successes is a tremendous way to nudge the fence-sitters to attend next time.
you know it.
Capital One is hosting its Summit for Developing Leaders for top College Freshmen & Sophomores this week
Got a new useful book today
thanks for the goal, nice to get that first home win. You leave everything on the field, that's all we can ask!
i am talking to mey best friend today .. Before i say she is and i am going to cross you think what can i do? But you'll n ...
This weeks fantasy loss will be the Patriots, Reggie Bush, and my crappy WR's faults. UGH. Go BEARS!
Holy shit I'm exhausted. I just got back from the office... Eastern time...
Looking for a new car!
Dinner Ethnic Gourmet Chicken Pad Thai, Poland Springs, yum yum yum
LOL! Help! I should call you. I have TweetDeck up but I can't figure out how to reply without going to the Twitter web site!
Lunch is over! Let's get this day over!
That's ok! Tune in on Fox to watch ! Thanks for your support!
Worst #superbowl half time show I've ever seen!!!
want to join us tonight at Flux2012 to celebrate foster kids who are graduating? DM me.
Sounds like a killer class!!
Remember when we were kid and had the tents and tunnels in our backyard?
next time i see you
I honestly have no idea whats gunna go down tomorrow.
20 girls scheduled tonight & tomorrow. Over half brand new ones. So come start your weekend off right at Exotica!
COPY EDITS.
ok just kidding this tiny green pen is really cool. I owe you man
you and need to hop off his virgin package.
The intersection at University/23rd is a fucking death trap with left turns not having an arrow. That driver is lucky I'm not sucidal today.
It'll all getting better in time
#YouWasSexyUntil I saw you up-close..
a real man of course.
whos heading out there?
I MISS YOU TOO!
Beware the beard, Peter Kavic runs #LAMarathon. Congrats bud!
TONY GOT GAME
i knew I could count on you ;)
thanks for the tip! Hadn't yet chosen a 4pm session. Parrington/Kelly on Automated Consent in S63: I'll B there.
Disneyland is the happiest place on earth.
People hating on President Obama hes trying 2 create work & save people jobs like the middle Class join him hes right.
Thanks. The issue of what's right or wrong sorta doesn't matter anymore, does it?
he not getting it at all, watch when his account gets disabled!! he should be lucky u even followed him
Please follow for a shoutout and a 100 followers back please they need some followers
Coolie :) RT : no time today :( tomorrow we juice!!! Will be especially nice after 8 miler!!!
"We're a favorite setting for private parties, #banquets, and #family celebrations. Call (317) 264-3585 to speak to a catering consultant!"
Dean of KU Libraries talking about new Digital Scholarship centers and librarians at KU
The King obviously Haha
i'm the type of person that will always care about you, no matter what you put me through
Delicious baklava at Phoenicia Specialty Foods. Finding the place was such a happy accident! Lovely staff too!
Something missing on your stuff
Who said that?! Cause I've been asking
Congratulations to client for an amazing run on the anchor leg of the Men's 4x400 Race.
please please please pleasee- follow me.?! && help me trend #playniceirene && #Pray4EastCoast .?! Much love-Leah<3
Would love to win giveaway of a copy of Scandinavian Classic Baking! My 1/2 Swede hubby would be delighted. Sweet buns.
NW the hot chick
Yeah, I thought it was a little thin/sweet on its own. Good in coffee, though! Almond milk is still my fave by far. What's yours?
Have a fun and safe Cinco de Mayo. The Zingaro has doors up at Tractor in nob hill
dont you be holding back your love.
RT : #Gators win their fifth consecutive Sweet 16 game, advance to Elite 8 to face Louisville with 68-58 win over Marquette.
I need my hair dne again... Uugghh think imma change up this summer it's gon b 2 hot 4 a wrap
Do me a favor save that
I dont even know .
Cats fed. Rain, rain, rain.
FBI agents, lottery tickets and dream houses. Just another day at Humphrey's Flowers.
Our pleasure...great laughs to be sure!
Big shoutouts to Airswimmers for making not one, but two Jeopardy cameos.
Shout out to ! #ff =D
Since Friday, I've Eaten Chicken Pizza, Chicken Burrito, Chicken Sub, Fried Chicken, French Fries, Donuts, Ice Cream, Brownies. Eat
ABA community- Who has a creative examples of a stimulus change decrement!
another good student suggestion for improving IT service: incl IT on student tours.
I got april fooled by one of my friends
Yaaay back on twitter............ Gonna try to do the cinnamon challenge :D
Good Morning TikiDolls, let's be sure that every move we make is productive and fashionable! #Tiki (:
VZW bills in advance. Tmo will start billing in advance for new customers. New change in May.
This week is really flying past me though..
P.S. - That pink lemonade is tha BOMB. Best flavor ever. :)
thanks for following!
✊👌 keep it G daddy-O
My last ever Teen Court was tonight, thank you to everyone and I'm really gonna miss you guys.
Cuz She Ask If We New Yu Nd We Was Lyk Yeah Dats Our Bro .
Unfortunately I've been busy planning our own conference, which starts tomorrow. But please give me a shout later this week!
WONDERING WHY AM SUCH A FOOL FOR LOVIN' YOU.
Happy 30th birthday to ! He's going to be a great candidate in OKC's HD 87
here's always a certain line in every song that sticks out because it reminds you of a person that you just can't forget.
ah! i need your number, text me lol
There's something about bragging about working the big union bosses for more $$$. Typical politician!
Happy Mother's Day, have some wine and peace and quiet! xoxox
Add two more properties to the stable!
you couldent have said that any better
TWITTER :D
Yep. It's only game one. Not too worried. Lake Show just came off a grueling series. Hopefully, they'll come back hungrier.
was a good show. Just saw another side to him. Get tired of him always being combative. Good to see depth of character.
Made 45 bucks tonight...I just wish I knew how what I like about you ended...
💍I wannah get married
Team CeeLo is way better than Team Adam. All three top singers beat all of Adam's top singers.
Wanna be piss off!...but the truth is ders nuthin for me to be mad about.
used to do Ray Charles impressions.
oh yeah! and BSB can perform at the wedding! :) haha
Really didnt wanna miss school today :(
I just found a white eyebrow hair. I feel faint. Send cupcakes & Xanax, please!!
Listening to fight with some speak-your-message software. Way too funny. It's not even close
Congrats to you. You truly deserve it.
RT : RT : I don´t give a damn about bad reputation (8)
This would happen today!! Yea ima be pissed its one of them days
What a great way to christen a new stadium, get there Lohse!
el flu jajajjaja
driving? spring break with the boy? college tours?
#tallwomenappreciationday wow its today i didnt mark it down on my calendar sob i guess have a tall woman and seduce her
31 is sick!
keep your head up ohh ohh... Sorry I had to! You know you're the bigger person! Love ya
Follow Friday
Tune in to Matt Gilman at #onething11 Lovesick Clothing onstage.
Nice.. So what you up to today?
we charge for post 1970s feature films (not docs, tv series, oldies). A handful of libraries in the area still do so.
Just finished watching love Jones...now im all mushy inside....sigh
Again, don't understand how this really busy solo relates to the laid back melody.
Hosni Mubark- the Brett Favre of world politic
What do you get if you cross a tiger with a sheep ? A stripey sweater !
ha ha
“: While your ignoring her, He's giving her attention...While you give her problems, He's willing to listen...” <3
Going to #JourneyChurch for the first time today, need a home church since I moved back to Raleigh, NC. I'll tweet after service.
fa sho dude thanks I'm just really sore
I'm in Alabama! Yeah!
KOPY IM ON IT NOW
'Teen programs are the Trojan horses of museum programming.' Trust goes both ways... And think I just heard the word net-nanny.
word. you learn to pick better shots, and find photographable moments in daily life. definitely worth it!
#IGetJealousOf tweeting to other girls but not tweeting me! :(
Aww, cool. Glad you enjoyed it! Great to see you again :)
its JUST twitter. Its not like your voting for yourself for president.
i just think sam is secretly jealous she can't join in cause she doesn't know the lyrics as well as us. bahahahaha.
Hm, interesting theory. Delusional, but interesting.
Thanks for hosting the ping pong tourney last night!
Thank you, Kia!
aha he'll yeah bro
Thanks!! Let's catch up soon!
Got my face on for the new "Make it or Bake it" we are taping tonight!!
well hopefully the snow dont mess up plans
If any of these ungodly, masked heathens knock on my door, I'm going to read political definitions to them. >:-\
lol and now the past anger is a secret! Lol
Any plans to head outdoors this weekend? Maybe for some #fishing, #hiking, or #shooting?
Good thing i decided to b a front row sitter for the first time in history. SMH
You can turn painful situations around through laughter
Ahem. I meant when I tweeted you yesterday. :)
Like your Georgetown hat. Go Hoyas and Otto Porter
“It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not.” ― André Gide
Thank you for the follow back!
Break a leg COWBOYS
Why is it that i love you and hate you at the same time?
I am wonderful. Really couldnt be mug better, thanks for asking. But how r u?
Yayyerz!! We are like long lost twins XD
Random questions being asked around the office lately like, "Do chickens have tails?"
Probably a good scene if it draws that kind of emotion.
Does anyone know any beverage distributors
S/o to all my followers Keep it real and ill promo u
So stoked for St. Pat's Day! Long day of drinks #Sacpubcrawl on the list, just to start!
where in the world is carmen san diego
cabbie told me jazz is the gateway to meditation & introspection; talk about profound
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo understand my crazy life and never get mad at me for anything and <3
Cool stuff, and then again, always writes cool stuff.
31-3 we did what we were suppose to do up next Clemson lets get ready CANES FANS
Everybody pays for sh*t they don't want ... Send me my reimbursement for the Iraq war brilliant as usual
#IADMIT I Get A Little Freaky Around You... You Start It but I Just Finish It
Debut album - no preservatives
Going to PP for some RARA tonight.
does anyone know a good place around downtown to get some cornrows?
Haha. Momo let's pay our respects to Mr Marley later.
where's my invite
K so super excited for aesop rock tonight in boulder!
Giving thanks for all of the blessings in my life. I am so happy to know you! much love, kim
Living in my memories, cause what I'm doing now just isn't relevant. I need a new action plan!
Surly Abrasive just landed... May not last long, though.
had a great dinner with wonderful USC folks, but now it's time for some Beatles Rock Band!
...i know the feeling! my sweetheart pre-ordered the DVDs for me as a gift. <3
Is everyone else's instagram working?
When that happens to me, I can usually still find them under my Following list, but I need to re-punch the Follow button. Weird.
lets get in this shit we can make her find somewhere
The "Wahoowa" heard 'round the world--Chris Canty's Super Bowl pregame intro to more than 100,000 million viewers.
I also made twitter for destery too.:3<3 follow me;3
RT ": Meeting with to make big things happen!" yes ma'am!
I don't know what I'm going to do with myself since ALL of my favorite shows have ended their season finales,
It prolly ain't all good BUT it's gone be alright
back in BrisVegas after 2 weeks in Sydney and Melbourne. Busy, busy. Heading to TX soon!
awwh i miss you too hun !! i been GOOD & you !! yeah sure,, awhh i would love it if Jason followed me
Getting started at UB for the entrepreneur event. Dean Smith is talking about the passion of entrepreneurship here in Baltimore.
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
I'd rather spend money, I don't want to spend time.
good morning ms.prettyp and friends happy wednesday to you
Awesome! Yea, he's great.
yeah man I'm doing a little work for the communications/pr dept
Canon U.S.A. Updates Large Format Printers to Improve Convenience and Versatility for Growing Market
Next game is 5/26. We can be the cheering section with !
mansquito is amazing but not quite on par with dinoshark #it'snotasfunwithoutthecheesydialogue
I'm always the naked guy in the audience. That way the speaker doesn't have to worry about picturing me naked.
I have a dig bick. You this read wrong. That awkward when you read that wrong. You also said "moment" after awkward. This is awkward. ;D
good! Haha :b
that's what I'm hearing. Fog everywhere!
I think I like this look.
RT For a chance to win FREE stuff from
Off to see the,avengers
Miami Heat!!!! You ?
thank YOU!
If the Brewers beat the Cardinals, Taco Bell should give away free Rally Squirrel Chalupas in Milwaukee.
So fun! We especially love the cassette tape!
really, BA is the way to go.
I'm a little dangerous if you get me around data. But, it's important and I enjoy it. So... I'm jumping in today.
Did I read correctly that Melky Cabrera has a .300 plus BA? Good thing we gave him away for Javy Vasquez.... Smh...
Woke up at 12:30, got breakfast with some of the residents. chillin like a villian planning for the week.
It was provided during a Disney leadership training from one of Disney's senior consultants. I'll work on getting a reference.
Thanks so much for coming to on Saturday- very nice to see you!
SU's Kris Joseph needs to grow a pair. I once thought he was NBA material. No more.
I picked him late in my fantasy draft...I thought for sure he was gonna tear it up this year! Thank god I haven't started him yet
Further militarization of drug war?
Thanks, will do!
I recognize Dani and Vicki in that pic. ;)
"A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough." - Christian Nestell Bovee
What's next a swarm of locusts?
Me too, can anyone out there expedite this?
I feel ya! You should rep your home team. I rep #TeamMavs #MavsNation #MFFL I #BleedBlueandBlack Win or lose :-)
:o Omg, I'm getting chills..
Monday Karaoke returns to Downtown Milwaukee tonight at Rustys old 50 (730 n old world 3rd st) hosted by Robby Pinstripes
I cant wait for my mom to go on her cruise
dam stalkinng neigbors. Good luck with that
Awwwready RT : & <--- dem my Dj's go follow asap
U obviously haven't been listening to Hollywood lately. And Hollywood knows all.
Just delete it and follow us instead... we're much more fun! Your BFFs
Get the right people assigned: "if people think blogs suck they'll write sucky blogs" #contenttour Baltimore
Two new crazy smash hitzzzzzzzz. YES!!
thanks! hope you squeeze in some LA art this weekend :)
thanks for the add
...umn Attic in hopes that I may be able to spread his name to the broken youth and those who do not know his name. I hope to do this thr...
"people don't die from alcohol poisoning anymore"..... well said
I love yoga pants! No buttons, no zippers, you just pull them up......like toddler pants only for lazy grown people. LOL! ~ Lisa Morgan
Sad,Angry,Hopeless....You?
now we both know that ain't true..
that is just a myth
Hey there - I can't because I'm going to a event already!
Filing BK triggers an automatic, freezing all the debtors' assets and protecting it from any action taken upon that property by creditors.
Almost done with my tanning consultant degree. Woohoo(:
thats crazy mines are unpredictable they get veiny whenever they feel lol
Night! :D
just has to survive one more day of work before a day off
Glad you came RT : Our visit to at
I think about you 24/7
how fun! I lived there last year. I'm sure they'll show you a great time! What kind of project are you working on?
Thanks for the follow! We're looking for non-profits to help raise awareness of. Email us at !
What part of Mizzou are you in? I spent many summers in Webster groves as a kid.
Holla! RT : and I agree is fantastic!
New things coming your way!
the same hahaa :p
Cruz makes me :)
Movie Tavern!! With the fam!
Is prepping for 4th of July weekend. Sailing and cookouts and booze! Oh my!
I <3 you too.
Not wanting to go to biology with -__- shoulda gotten to school a little later like I normally would lol
says "sourcing sucks". Ask Jerry what he means. G'ahead. Give him a platform.
It is a dark & stormy night...following a dark & stormy day. 40 deg. drop in temp in 24 hrs. flooding. high winds.
Thank You DJs for your help with 's
“: I'm in Hawaii!!!” cool that's where I am from!
tryin to get more involved
Your in recovery now! :D
for the record.. no we did not choose efg because abc was taken...
I'm the Emerald City not the Tacky Gold City.
Why Do people think everything is real are people retarded seriously vampires do exist!
One FREE mimosa for all mamas today PLUS $5 off breakfast pizzas. Happy Mother's Day.
Smithsonian's forensic anthropologist Doug Owsley about to give the keynote at
really wish you were sitting next to me on this plane so I could dust you. Ill tell the fellas at the dispensery hello for you.
Going to sleep
When was the last time you thought of me? Or have you completely erased me from your memory?
okay man.
laugh out loud , shout out loud at this timing > i dare you . hehehe !
Plz keep us updated on upcoming events! We'd love to partner & continue connecting!
You know EMAC is the right program for you if: you spent your whole spring break following SXSWi panels.
I try, but the money is good so I don't want to slow down.
hahaha AI for life
Wait, what? RT Why does chocolate frozen custard always remind me of , and vice versa?
Gay.. Asains cant see
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card playoff lingering teams injuries. I would love to see them stay healthy for once
#ScariestWordsEver I have a dream.
Idk man, I just want Josh Hutcherson.
I need a boat and that need a lake
At the movies with my boo nd Kyle nd Brenna
RT : Not a fan of people speaking foreign languages while making my food.
Deshaun Thomas is on FIRE!
RT Hobo with a Shotgun Fri & Sat at 11p RT Know of any good events in #Milwaukee ? Tweet us
I am gonna eat like a total fat kid until Monday when I start the p90x. Kind of like the whole last supper deal.
Little children are pure comedy lol
Official oh look out velcro belt coming to a Walgreens near you.
Need help with ? Attend the "Twitter Town Hall" using #askFAFSA this Thursday (1/26) at 4:30 p.m. EST!
im at a payphoneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ☆❤☀
Today! Good&Beautiful Pool Party @ Viceroy Hotel Feat.
yeah I'm actually really happy for him and not disappointed! he's happy, I'm happy and that's how it will always be!
haha heck yeah. After they locked the doors during the raids, my room window became our way to escape.
realized the muppets have a twitter page. its been a good day.
Baseball and jazz. Two American art forms.
In the discovery bay all vehicles are meticulously disassembled and estimated to get all supplemental damage on the initial estimate.
haha absolutely! How are you?
SS, don't tell Noobodeee RT haha u a mess so u like chocalate dick?
No, just share. #TheBertShow is in our company/family. We love those guys/girls!
Lot's of Voilleyball in the park this Summer. You ready for another season?
Yesterday, you said tomorrow.
So I am too excited to go to this concert! Today is going to be the bast day ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<33333333333
the best center in the league is comically bad on pick and rolls in a league where 70% of the action is PnR
I want to be happy
Loving someone that doesn't love you is like reaching for a star. You know you'll never reach it, but you just got to keep trying.
his tweeter is
Life is better in the Summer
I'm on a plane. I'll be in paradise in T minus 6 hours.
Happy Birthday Lorenzo! God's blessings my friend.
guys, PLEASE stop unfollowing me. I know that i dont log on much, but after finals this week i will be online A LOT
don't have to worry about sf-ny. lambeau will be insane, packers may start slow but will roll. The philbi sit. will inspire.
Playing Wii with Emily after her dominating victory this morning.
how is everyone's day? it's rainy and miserable in NYC and I have class until 7 :( hope y'all have a happier day!
Out of all the days in the world, I just had to pick today to become sick. ;/
M, great weather for ICE CREAM! Buy one get one free Sunday at Leatherby's, exclusively with Qponomics. Download app for more details.
lmao sorry:-( I work tomorrow from 4 to close and wed 3 to close, come by so i can see ur face:-)
Is it relief, pure excitement, or straight up fear when you hit the "SEND" button on an #email #newsletter. For me, it's all.
It was so fun meeting you guys last night! Hope we get to see you again soon.
#Flex is a monster #cadilac truck
!.-~+! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
having a lovely skype session with my roomie #missedher (:
If You Can't Trust Me, Why Would I Want To Be In A Relationship With You?
it's a fair question. As uni budgets get cut, scholars need to think about this. We don't want our uni presses turned . . .
I was never derelict in my duty. Parker's behavior was shameful.
At the roanoker with the fam
Your welcome! I look forward to connecting with you soon.
Smoking a Partagas Black, drinking cheap red wine. And I'm grateful for Christmas this year.
I’ll watch as you turn your life to gold and Look down on me as I start to carve mine out of stone
I can't imagine the Crestwood one is either. Never see anyone in there.
To truly accept a blessing, you must embrace some pressing. - Coach Leslie
I'm probably an alcoholic
haha. thanks. no sweeps in that one. but alot of string skipping.
I really do adore the Duggars
Parked in the middle of the road
What is your favorite french film?
The male nature disgusts me!!
booboo! What are you doing all the way up here?
how to get started??
When I listen to music on my android with beatsaudio I feel like when he drives his Chrysler.
yea they be lookin like anything wit a P that walks by is "like dat"...it be funny
so sorry for your loss (whenever it was).... Much love
I hate when people make u do stuff u dnt wanna do like go to church for example
Poythress' second dunk goes for only 51 points, giving him a total of 115.
I don't have enough patience to lay out #foreverpale ☀
we will give you a ride. and i am too. i hate everyone there too. we wont be there for long, we can do something after
Good stuff!
The #Nuggets are really killing the #Lakers lol!!! Ty Lawson getting it done!!
Working on a lot of things going be a benefit
omg i tryed that before. It was fun at the begining and then it hurt.
Mother&#39;s Day Feature Package
is slow as can be today. Lots of 500 internal server errors. Really should just bite the bullet & go through the pain of switching.
Sunday April 22nd 11AM to 3PM Ritz Plaza Park, 235 W 48th Street join us at sales event with Earth Day Expo Natural Awakenings Magazine
We're sorry. This comment has been censored by sopa.
Lol. It's is a really cute one. I just signed up on 2/16. I'm so new to this. I've loved Scentsy for years though.
Think about what you like or love to do and create your own brand or company. The people you currently work for did it, so can you!!!!
Nice. I'm kinda jealous.
aww hope you're feeling better.❤
Idk y I have so much energy today just finished running and Im not one bit tired hm well guess ill just have to run twice today :D
that looks awesome!!!
Even Some Of These Old Heads Out Here Still Lost
Hope You Have A Good Day Too :)
haha! You rock, ladies. Skip the make-up, just let me join one of your challenges some day.
I do not care who wins between Obama and Romney but,the Gay Rights issue is being USED as a diversion.The Gay Community should be outraged.
Too many memories to name where the Beastie Boys served as the soundtrack.
baby u alright u was doing good I swear u an my bm are # 2 of the same kind
y'all need to quitnlmao
THERE'S an image that will stay with me!
We sure do! RT: #cancer will play the same playlist of songs on repeat for hours"
me too. Jules' book is in need of lots of notes. Time flies.
"You think dogs will not be in heaven? I tell you, they will be there long before any of us" ~ Robert Louis Stevenson
GOD DAMN IT IT IS HOT OUT
you're very welcome!
at a bar called o'maleys!
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height.
couldn't find the exact shirt but casualindustrees.com is a sick WA-based company that sells local graphic tees.
thunder only happens when it's raining
[instagram photo of me and my mom]
Patty cakes at ESL tonight! He goes the hardest and the nearest!
You can most certainly help others through your thoughts, and they can help you. Every good thought you send to another is a living force.
it's ok, my iPod solved that problem, it was
HI AUSTIN'S WIFE?!
Singing to the top of my lungs with when driving 😁 love her!!
f*ck it i'm bouta go get some chipotle
Big Bill is too big to fail!
Library Week begins Monday April 10th! How will you celebrate #nlw12 ? We have some events up our sleeves, too!
Thanks for the rec. I'm not sure when I'll embark on such a project. What drew you into programming work? Any notable projects?
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
Island-Funtime Digi-Detox is over and I'm ready for action!
... and cue sudden heavy rain... (and is that hail?)
None to be found with #packers RT : Thankfully, the FM Acro gymnastics team is here to provide some quality entertainment.
Great show huh?! I'm pretty sure I had a small concussion in the pit for Weezer (haha), but so worth it! :D
Do to others what you want done to you! You can't tie any wicked deeds to Almighty God! Your deeds are approved by your god the devil.
“: I know right 2 times in one day! Lol” now I can rt you all I like:)
WOW, Here you are, I love you guyss! <3
Pure awesomeness
#nowplaying On My Mind by (: <3
they're all already pressflow merged. No option not to have it and was just making confusion. ;)
I Wanna Go Surfing..... Sounds Fun
I want a guy to write me a song and sing it to me <3 that would make my dream come true! that would win my heart!
I am dating Tila! - RT can grandpa have some fun with u some time?
Politicians are the same the world over: they promise to build a bridge even when there is no river. ~ Nikita Khrushchev
We can live like Jack and Sally if we want.
What happened to Bmore?
'ordinary' is a very odd word to use.
Interesting first 90 min with and at Columbia fair use event
don't play I'll be one. or the chick from Pokemon.
Tanning during class >
Balla! Good luckRT : Playing sand volleyball in this weather cause I don't give 2 F**ks
More room for the rest of us. ": One of my clients refused to have his checks sent to our office. He's no longer my client."
I love you :)
It was so great to see yesterday! I don't get to see my friends nearly enough.
No collusion. Publishers set own prices for e-books. HTML5 online & offline e-reading. Reach billions. Avoid closed ecosystems and the DOJ.
This isn't how I expected to spend my day.
Ok iPhone/AT&T. You're cool and sexy and all that, but will you please just make a phone call for me right now? How hard can that BE???
Modern man is adequately self-conscious of religion, but his worshipful customs discredited by by his accelerated social metamorphosis..,
Mission accomplish.
Happy Labor Day Weekend!
Oh no no no no RT : Kenyon Martin can't guard Tim Duncan in the post
in Austin the paper fights reviews that aren't about local artists in local institutions.The rest is left to the blogs.
Nice! Hafta come see you in CT. I may have some news soon. I'll keep you posted.
White Mississippi boys with saggin' gangsta draws...???
creepy! I hope your AC ResLife experience with THE SHADOW came in handy ;-)
chain? Maggiano's
I'm 's #MrsRight because i luv learning new things from them everyday i have great hope that they will there #MrsRight 1day.
Just signed up for tungle.me. This is my last ditch effort before breaking down and getting a personal/virtual assistant. *fingers crossed*
I want you!
Again: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features EYES.
It's reassuring to hear that writing about one's own life can be this tricky, and as successful as "Language..." was.
Thats all I can ask... congrats on the rush. Look for an email from Tim Meleca, he is our Proj Mgr.
awww :) how's everything over there in slavery...I mean Mary Mac's?
Try it at Their okra is great.
What happened to Korpikoski, NBC Sports has said nothing
thanks for the shout out mate! Have a nice weekend.
Is really tweeting himself right now..
Day 2 cocktail reception is beginning now at the Phoenician
I'm a little disappointed in the choices of guys now a days smh. We can't have a relationship because you don't know what my sex is like?
Never regret anything that make you smile- InSpotter mobile app
I wanna Catch Sumones Fade!!!!!!!!
The orange crush is back !!
I mean unlike you I know how to talk salgagolo no aubeni it is salgado
good! Just wrapping up. How's life going? :)p
hope to have bacon cinnamon roles! And lots of them!
Her and I are friends now! We hang out after DSO concerts baha
Thanks for the RTs
feel free to take advantage of the offer :) Only 100 Avail
I love what is up to. Go buy some merch and wear quality Cleveland threads.
Fortunately, no.
LOL Almost except instead of coffee I take in lemonade.
Eli Manning hosting SNL this week...please please please do another take of "The Californians" with him involved.
I'm djing tonight (sunday) at the pistol...come by
whoa now I got a dog as my avi...haha bu Philly fans still suck
This morning our #volunteers helped us serve around 139 meals to the #hungry and #homeless in #ColumbiaHeights,
Dont you worry your pretty little mind, people throw rocks at things that shine<3
Exercise reduces risk of prostate cancer & also slows the progression of the disease in those who have it.
am starting w/you 1st wk of june when i get settled into new apt...running on treadmill until then...it's on!
ZuZu is the place to be this morning!!! Get there and get some fresh handmade tacos. A lot of other people sre
noo :I I'm done with it..
I AM ROLLING TO A F R I C A im dying
just out of sync !!! Here they come!!! Da Bulls!!!
See you all tomorrow bright n' early!
I'm about to be in the same boat! White chocolate mocha..chocolate donuts..who knows what else I'll devour lol!
It`s a fake :D
RT : typical lebron getting pissed off for no reason except for granger bumping him as he came back down to the floor
Thanks for the info, sir.
Study Unique: PPT ON ROBOTICS IN SURGERY
why are people unfollowing and unlisting me?!
Shot. I could totally do that. Haha.
People fuckin irritating
Love to me is you. You told me I was the best girl ever,that you would change anything in the world just to be with me. Now that's love<3(:
I'm running scared now! Lol
I do not understand people who do not accept twitter as true purity.
me wants
Funny T-shirt – A Clear Conscience Black Tee Shirt
Shit will never be the same no more ! #Pain&Gain
We have some exciting things in place for the month of February! Make sure you get in on it!
that's a close second, but I for sure have Alaskan fever!
twitter is so dead. where them girls at girls at?
okay -- you guys are way cool! I love the library
BTW, do you draw up a full 1st round for all teams? I'd be interested in reading that and your thoughts.
: Ooh! This looks like it will be right up my alley. Thanks for the rec! :)
Two Fiddy Tuesday! Qtr lb Beef, and Polish Beef today for $2.50! Triple Chocolate Brownies w Walnuts! !!!!!love using !!!!!!
Santa is at BullFish until 12 pm. Bring your camera!
CALL HIM UP AND TELL HIM WHAT YOU WANT
I'm underneath the dryer and this crazy lady BULLY me out of my Seat,but I'm not going to do anything because she is REALLY CRAZY..
#Mayweather rolling shoulder + counterpunch is his main weapon
I just saw that commercial too!...ha..
just installed both astrid and the power pack from market on a droid x. The add to calendar function and the widget both show
Thanks. This young team keeps surprising me.
hurry up!!!!:) just at mcdonalds eating a smoothie! Lol
Thanks! Appreciate the follow too.
Have any set times for tonight?
Ryan Kwanten, you'll always be Jason Stackhouse to me.
": How can you say you took a fall when you never stood tall?"
I just saw that hockey photo and I don't think it's very funny ! OK, it's kinda funny.
There is something about manhattan in springtime~~
I took this course and all I got out of it was a blog post & the realization that big data is hard ;) JP
did you reach the end yet?!
What if the men's and women's finals coaches had to swap suits?
love scones! Do you make a cinnamon scone? Do share! not homemade, but sells the best cinnamon scones!
I let you be you, I left you alone and you got what you wanted just leave it at that
Killing myself
Staff got some great ATL-GB NFL playoff photos today. Too bad for Falcons. Looking forward to J-E-T-S vs Pats tomorrow.
Everywhere I go I see either couples or skinny,pretty people.
Called out of work today...I feel like I was beat up by a pack of wrestlers, but want to siege the day like Ferris Bueller.
Hey all, since it's Magic Monday, can you all please follow cuz he is looking for more followers. Thanks!
Sees blood in the water and sharks circling. They're also pointing and laughing.
Today marked the day that mom became a gossiping church lady. She sent me an email about a burgeoning congregational scandal!
its not even my birthday, but he wanna lick the icing of 😜💋🎉🍰🎂
Firehook Bakery of Capitol Hill offers special orders for Cake & Catering - call (703) 263-2253! Call us for your next event!
Sidenote: the 8-bit episode of Community from last night is wonderful.
Dirk Nowitzki throwing out first pitch for game 3. Can we let him throw the first few innings too? Probably throws better than Harrison.
Hey Liz, are you at #DBW? I am here for a break from editing for the next 3 days ;-)
I haven't forgotten about you. I need to write it out in a bit and I'll email it to ya!
My sister really stalks.
Awesome Amtrak story, Tony and Miles. You guys are great just riding the train. -Katrina
Way lot of fun w/ at #NWAGiveCamp today! Thanks for inviting me!
wow ngl it sounds fun (; <3
i should be doing my homework right now, but....... (:
Everything is annoying!
Sea of red at Greenbelt station means only one thing: chaos @ Gallery Place/Chinatown tonight
packers are kicking there ass!!! 17-0.
yay! Glad you are excited!
is it raining?
#VirginAmerica - I take it all back - once I got hold of a rep, things went very smoothly!!!! LIKE
haha good shit! They were heading to the museum I think
bring on the turkey and tryptophan!
My mom said if you can learn italian you can learn punjabi too. But I already know it! No you have to learn how to read and write.
Ew that's not cute. Rude.
workshifting.com - Since I started working at home, I have followed this blog feed. Good stuff.
thats real cray! just because u express how u feel? smh
Fruit smoothie for breakfast? And you think it's do much better than cereal. Sugars are sugars.
other account (harley) saw you've been sick :( are you okay? Told my dad and he said getting lost probably shook you :( x
DO YOU LIKE UNICORNS
I wouldn't pretend to tell you we don't pay our lawyers well.
Oh hell no they didn't just give me bbq sauce instead of chik fil a sauce
RT Uli's Sausage delivering 3000 lbs of sausage a day to Leavenworth. #iconG Tasting some now. German brats (Nürnberger!), Polish and more.
That's crazy talk. 36 degrees is hot, the only thing do to in that weather is drink margaritas in the shade.
Bro-in-law graduated with an RN and BS in nursing from
Also there's a DJ currently playing every reggae song I danced to in high school. Best day.
I finally realized that I can't get you off my mind <3
"My grandpa got fired from his Wal-Mart greeter job because he told 2 women MerryChristmas.Of course,it was August& he didn't have on pants"
Why am I late for #ISConf? Sitting in stand still traffic on Lakeshore Drive. Back to reality moment? Metaphor?
Why is my mom being so nice.. Its weird.
Stoked that you'll be at the meeting tomorrow!
Will do. Thanks.
When will the Pineda Kuroda deal/sighning wil be done and they will be introduces 2 Yankees.
Email me with the price of your current capper and I will beat that price! My prices will not be beat and the picks are MUCH BETTER
give me a cappuccino and watch me go!
So much to be grateful for this year!...it has truly been an amazing journey for me! #HappyThanksgiving! GobbleGobble!
I love you so much ok
Best couples in literature?
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 105
Most welcome!
She printed out all his Tweets, of course he's scared. I smell lawsuit!
wow..i finally agree on something with you..!
:D your welcome!
Check out the site, we've got the Giants/Braves series recap plus a new section called "Featured" on things you should know.
Does anyone know of a free screencapture software that also includes shapes (arrows/circles) to be added immediately to the image?
It could happen.
RT This lost finale broadcast is excruciating. They're milking this for every ad they can. Insane.
Follow us on instragram for pics of upcoming merchandise we will have available. Name on instagram = munimax
Nothings up.
How to Build Support for Change During the 11th Hour is the draft of an article I am working on. I would love your comments. Please leave t…
im here right now!!
Pot may not be healthy for the heart, but it surely is for the soul
a tad cold and craving some coffee. Otherwise, wonderful! :) You?
June 10th, I'm pretty positive
Way hungry, burnt my right hand. Not gonna let it stop me from playing though.
Beautiful rendition of America the Beautiful by The MEDley's.
& , OMG YOU GUISE ARE TOO ADORABLE. <3 xx
looking forward to talking to you soon.
Can anybody find me somebody to love!?
That's how you supposed to live
Tell us who you want to see at this year's Indy Jazz Fest.
awww I would loeto meet you too
Our band to night is a rock band called "Voice of Reason"--- Smokin' hot female lead singer. We are goning to rock the night away!!!
Truth RT RIP Dick Clark. Along with Elvis and Chuck Berry, one of the most important men ever in the history of American pop music.
Thinking the #RDA toolkit should be free until RDA is actually/officially implemented.
says unions had a lot of political power, but they did not win last night.
WHOA whoa! Robinson is TOO cute!
Absolutely..busy is the way to be!
<~~~~ that one is. I'm just a fan account. I've said it before. I'm not chachi.
Thanks for the Shoutout!
Cars 2 is better than cars 1 n the last tinker bell movie is when the evil fairy bcause tinker bells best friends out know r 2 n 3 more 2 go
Figured out how to remove duplicates I think. Pretty easy! Just made sure local files came from my main music folder.
MoZer Composite Bats arrive this Thursday... We will have both a 110 & 243 model...Every composite bat will come with a 100 day warranty.
Well for one, I'm fucking awesome, so I'll make it work.
Three wide keeps it interesting.
yes, absolutely!
Hey , pretty sure one of my #portland neighbors is blasting you out their windows right now.
Thanks for the cosmic love! tinyurl.com/3w7crz8
hahaha im just watching for the drinks
still at dis school.. ima be down there around 7 doe
Tomorrow Night The Grand Opening Club EROTICA 21+ Inside Heat Ultra Lounge in Anaheim Text 562-307-3589 For FREE ViP List or Bottle Service
Could I borrow your camera? Could you download the pix and mail them to me? Oh, can't you do it from this computer?
On NBC 6: has your weather in 2 minutes, I have story of a local husband on trial for his wife's bathroom death
ok thank you :)
We discuss it, but, as of now, have not decided to do that.
Thanks Bob!
happy birthday!!
If I won the lottery I would pay off my credit card, send parents on a nice vaycay, start a prod.co, and contribute to !
Okay, guys - Ye Olde King's Head has to be your next destination. Clearly, Matty already knows!
thank you! Sounds good! we are playing almost all different songs and will have a longer set!
you forgot me :(
Like us on Facebook... NOW!
there should be a relationship status for "i dont even know whats going on"
Thanks for the promo -- we're looking forward to the meeting and conversation!
let's talk we would love to
Getting checked in late&no 7th period >>>... I woke up early because...
RT : my Irish grandmother used to tell me "A man of words and not of deeds, is like a garden full of weeds." And she also used...
will let you know!
what people think of you and the possibilities for your dream, is none of your business- Les Brown
Feeling so good; I don't think I've felt this stress-free all semester!
HOW WAS IT?
Pankau urges aye b/c need to start on pension reform & health one of rapidly growing costs.
lol. He just couldn't keep his hands out of the cookie jar. Must've been better than oreos or girl scouts
I like that even though you have the word "news" in your name, you make no effort to be objective in your reporting. No shame.
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love. ~Stendhal
I see it as a Craigslist alternative but it will get annoying quick I suspect.
it's an investment 'hood...figure in 5-8 years it will be very different
Disgusting, but cool in that it really pushes the boundaries!
Make money!
hahahh, going to a party .... that we never knew about. ;)
You set me up to do great work & you'll do it again for me and others w/your book
Thanks boys for getting my email on air.
Web drs say type2 diabetics like me can have 2 beers/day. Cool. And easy to remember, even after 6 or 8 beers
Rock a doodle on netflix son.
yes ma'am lol
Wicked stoned
Yes, pairing is a must in places where wine has dominated the consciousnesses for so long. Pairings spark dialogue and peak curiosities.
did anyone mention THE EAGLE?
she's going to quit playing with my grade. messing with my B.A. i WILL NOT be finishing my B.A. for one class next semester.
#Redskins sign a #Mountaineer RT : ... Eain Smith to Washington and Cody Nutter to Tampa Bay
Yeah! I did! It was nerve-wrecking at first but everyone were just so nice:) & thanks for believing in me:) means a lot.
But if you were Batman you'd have all this stuff to do and I'm pretty sure the Batmobile needs an oil change. Too much trouble!
can we discuss this over some wine by the glass? Lol
There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot. ~Plato
I'm really curious how she knows me and why she's stalking me lol
one of the most intriguing Twitter sites is by - advice for applicants to school and work. I'm enjoying it.
She did this on the Buchla synthesizer--one that didn't have a keyboard like the Moog
Super Bowl!!!
Wondering if I will ever become a PR Pro?!
after 4 days of the CMA music fest, its hard to find my way back to the gym
we went to Matt's for lunch, it was great. Night before, Truluck's with just immediate fam.
"Omg I love JB & 1D! They're so amazing!" Yeah Im sure you not totally just jumping on everyone else's bandwagon shit.
I won't steer you wrong...I'm gonna steer you strong.
My headset at work was not charged, so having to use my old one while it charges. This old wired one hurts my ears!
Omg, decisions!!! I need to watch #TSC but Gotta Kick It Up comes on in half an hour! :/
what studio was it?!
#ccweather 85* partly cloudy, great beach weather...in November!
why do you hate the bucks so much!
Go kings go!!!
RT! ": Springsteen will never get old."
Isn't that EVERY day on Twitter? No? Maybe I need bring some new talent into my feed...
we also gotta buy those tickets!!
oh i am def down!! ive actually never even gone to sips so you will have to show me the ropes!! ill get in around 530-45
just spent 3 and a half hours on a research paper....fuck you corbett.
Wouldn't it be wonderful if cell phones came with tasers? :)
-.- ur not a boss dude
May the best man win the final classes.
Good morning everyone. I hope every is doing today.
I want to be a legend in this industry of music and other forms of art.
I wonder what I should buy?
ah, the HAND cameo.... I thought that was Brian Oerly's menacing hand. No more trailers. Real deal please.
Why does she like layin on my phone like that? Chillin on the couch with my baby
Hey , send a crew to Coalinga to find out what the heck is doing there. Haha.
murder 1 guilty or not?
wait a sec lay of my boyfend carson ll im only joking babe =P
Bag just delivered. Not sure why the online tracking didn't work, or why the mix up happened, but glad to have this resolved.
They got better for a while, then they turned into crap again.
Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become. -Jim Rohn
This morning was good, then i got up
RT : Nobody ever pays me in gum :(
waitressing/driving the drink cart at harbour trees golf club in noblesville! so next week we'll unite. deal?
at least it's nice weather
This heat game tonight was a shitshow, and too bad you didn't go last night. Good stories for you. All I do is win.
Bye-bye twitter ttyl after the dance lol love u guys and god bless
Thanks for the follow
so glad this cold is almost gone it seemed like it was just gone get worse and worse but it sure was fun giving it to everyone else...
I seriously wish I lived in Australia so I could be in the same country as and
I've had similar experiences. Computers age, and not just relative to newer machines. Odd phenomenon.
Not surprising, but the difference between giants and patriots post game parties is massive.
Oh? Wish I was there! ": Tired and bored with myself. Trying something new at Murphy's tonight. Statues at 10"
and we all know which one you prefer...
Looking forward to attending a class on Prospect Research Basics at the Foundation Center in New York this Saturday. #prospect research
just sleep in class! that's what i'd do . lol
LPR trains leaders to push forward the conservative agenda.
happy birthday to my mommy!!
Draft lottery... Here we come!
Thinking about what college i wanna go to
Preparing for the sweat lodge. Cornmeal, tobacco and sage.
thanks for the mention!
Like/love my Tweets or leave them, but quit the back and forth following. It's getting tiring.
ty..its just sad cuz my nephew says he wants to get a bed for him at my house for christmas to live here.it breaks my heart.
dim mak studios?? Fuck yeah my favorite spot. Btw your edit of ghosts n stuff has been in my sets for a yr now #beast!
RT : Keep tweeting! If #lastminute trends we will award a $250 Lands' End gift card!
Celebrating my non-selection to a jury at home with a White Russian.
Watching Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life . I like this movie series.
#cleanweb hackers ... do you have an API with energy data? #wattquiz wants it? Please DM us!
i did not agree to these terms and now he changed the rules so i have to wait over a fucking month till i can get my nose pierced
ah it's official!! Congrats bride . I can't wait to see pics on the blog!!
Don't go breaking my heart
and cousins and
You got to see it?! im jealous! :-) s'been crazy-fun busy lately & #TeenWolf wraps this week so not alotta TV been happenin lately
“The difficulty of literature is not to write, but to write what you mean.” -Robert Louis Stevenson
Hey Angela! I hear I'm seeing you tonight!
My doctorate is in management science. That's why I remind folks that I'm just a grunt, not a #PTSD clinician. :-)
Am I the only one on Twitter whom got hacked today? No 1 has any advice how to fix this crap? Sigh pw changed apps blocked what's left?
i was here
I usually skip them if I get to frustrated and come back to them... If I ever do lol
I don't think I've ever laughed as much as I did at work today. Now that is a major accomplishment.
well its going 2 b a trip & The Fremont is working with us to make this a fun night! Can't wait! Hope to cu there!
I know so you will get the news first lol
When's it coming out?
Did you know that studies show that people who take public transp. lose more weight than those who drive themselves to work everyday?
Thanks, Go Local! :
I think it is time I linked up my facebook and twitter. Is this possible??
How can you make fun of others(Sid/HCDB), then be a coward and hide behind empty words. Looks to me like you have the skirt.
yes, my cousin/uncle pete!
I have to aggreeee
lol ... Watch your mouth..!! Before I introduce you to my BELT lol ...
#HappyBirthdayBreezy :))) LOVE YOU!!!!!
hahaha so in which way you'll "blend-in" with the others! Haha im a rebel only when I need to ;) whats your zodiac?
Miami made Jeremy Lin look like a dumbass. #TEAM MIAMI
If we can't preserve the livelihood of the perpetually well-fed squirrels in our city parks, how can we save anything else?
