New cover and profile images for The Edit Foundry!
If this was a boxing match between Dallas and LA...Phil should just throw out the white towel.
Happy Mothers day to all you teen mommies out there! 😘👶
I wanna go back to sleep!
Check out the book 2 cover (it is now my profile picture). "Oracle - Fire Island" will be released soon!
Nothing else gets my soul stirring and mind racing like ART. GOOD ART/SMART ART/BRILLIANT BEAUTIFUL COMPLEX ODDITIES
Just throwing it out there. He went from 0.7 ppg last year to 7.3 ppg this year and hit 7 treys in a game twice.
we are glass.
Ha ha awesome
yep! Do you have awesome birthday plans?
i might just have to refer him to my twitter
Follow Back Please :)
Temperament=a predisposition to react in a particular way to stimuli
i do think Cody should pick us up and bring us to his concert...i don't think it would be too hard..
Ok. Slight difference. RT : Goodness. Scratch that again. 5-for-6 on squeeze bunts. And I'm 1-for-3 in Tweeting about it.
Remember when my sister and I didn't hate eachother? Neither do I.
Fuckin love green day♥
New Background! And by the way, send us a tweet about how the kefir smoothie tasted if one of you tried it!
Anyone else amused that a recent biography of William F. Buckley is written by a man named Bogus?
I couldn't prepare myself for this fall, so when I did it hurt.
I have read, watched movies, surfed the Net, talked on the phone--Lawd, we still ain't home!
rockin' on my birthday. Thanks for the gifts...
Positivity may lead to Possibility...
Apparently many of you were far more emotionally invested in TV's Bloopers & Practical Jokes than I.
Blame Corbett. NA is having a big retirement. Chances are they are hiring.
“But the land, whither ye go to possess it, is a land of hills and valleys, and drinketh water of the rain of heaven.” - Deuteronomy 11:11
Countdown: 74 days
RT “: When it comes to love, #Virgo analyses every single Goddamn thing.”
I guess Bret Michaels did "walk it off"...you are a dick......
Q2 aesthetics are important, but you're getting into Plato territory when you try to describe what makes a library a library
7 Must Read Content Marketing Links
Front page of #USAToday has striking article: "Violence ages Children." Talks about the impact of violent experiences on children's DNA.
Books do make awesome gifts. Thanks for sharing!
na i was like let me go to Star ( ISS ) and he said go to the office upstairs and ask so i did and they made me go to class -.-
HaHa! Kevin Bacon in Animal House.
not to sure how i feel about kid cudi's new rock album
I give up on this class, time to eat my breakfast.
when the devil is talking - Knocking you gotta choose sides we never call him SAT** we dont give him that kind of glory
I hate when girls be talking shit but they never doo shit
Good night Irma
Nothing angers me more than people who try and disrespect me, who have zero intellect,
Bosh was very much needed in this game
Thanks for the mentions!
thanks partner :)
Thanks- Am I smarter than yet?! Lol!
I'll be there babe 😉
Done.. Ok, now we pray!
Hope you get that nap! / RT : registration done, paper submitted, house estimates faxed. Desperately need a nap.
Hi Beverly! Those data (and the graph) only include tweets with the #grammys hashtag, not all mentions of the show or artists.
Why is it wee-ber state, not weber state?
Oh and Happy Veterans Day everyone! <3333
MIT's Woodie Flowers: Life on Earth text book, Kahn Academy Etc "There is an explosion of training aids"
Wow...didn't know the littlest things could turn into a HUGE ORDEAL!!
the woman in black was so gay. with
#WeGetLow when we sit at the beach six feet under the stars.
very tempted! Bit pricey mind!
": Mosquitoes should suck fat instead of blood."
u go shoot me that info to hit u up
dude, iFart for OS X is going to rock. So glad to see working on something that meets a real need.
Spread it! RT Why, I must say I feel MUCH better after having you fling those turds for me. Nothing like a little fiber! ;)
Thanks for sponsoring Digital Live - should be a great program and look forward to seeing you there!
yes, there was a Wishbone Phantom. :-)
Thanks...Seriously I needed the laugh...visiting my dad tomor, he has Alzheimer's. It Sucks.
Today, airplanes are shooting stars.
There it is! Thanks Mary
maybe! Where in Florida are you?
Dear anonymous. Thanks for killing my library buzz. Did it have to be today?!
would try and kill a mosquito in my room but only injure it so it still is flying somewhere in my room -.- hahaha
"if I'm not wearing pants tomorrow I'm not wearing underwear"
Love barley! RT : Did you know barley is the top whole grain in #fiber?
#tastemakersks Expendable income for fans is spread past people just buying music = Phones, games, movies etc. You have to make great music!
A pair of #Huskies got their names called. DT Ta'amu Alameda to the Steelers in the 4th round, OT Senio Kelemete to Arizona in the 5th.
...ok im off wrk nw...(all wrked up earlier.. and i must play later)...going out 2nite...get tipsy...and..shake my booty..(wanna come???)
good idea!
Getting outta class and going home before lunch>>
So glad you enjoyed the 18th century recipes for my quick breads!
love when he goes "tomorrow is void rays and void rays comes afterwards" for some reason. mass vr is def annoying in a game.
Mexican for dinner on Cinco de Mayo. Delicioso!
cause he has a girlfriend ? hahaha
come to the thanksgiving for lost souls party with me!
Words of a true hater lol : MARK MY WORDS LEBRON JAMES WILL NEVER WIN A RING HE ISN'T BOUT THAT LIFE.
when it lets you on in safe mode, just go to restart and pick a time before you got the virus. Works for me all the time.
We are so food truckin!!!
whoever brings me french fries will be my favorite person in the world
fuuuck, imma come pick it up from yo house. Where U live ?
Who heard us on the radio in Pittsburgh last night?! Thank you
I feel like this trends once a week. I have so many it's hard to keep count lok
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me! UR amazin
Business is built face to face, belly to belly.
There are great people doing cool stuff everywhere. You just have to keep your eyes and your mind open.
Um.. I mean nothing open. How's the repairs going Lady?!
I did folow for u
only if once I get there you shamrock my shake. Haha. What?
That which does not kill us makes us stronger. Truer words were never spoken.
hey cobra (;
Great young work.
Oh Mike Brown's gonna call a time out... brilliant. Draw up anything other than get the ball to Kobe, and he's a tool.
my place in NOVA
M, warm bath of milk and honey!
- Never even knew you tweeted. Will be very refreshing to have you in my twitter feed.
"Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goals; nothing can help the man with the wrong mental attitude."
haha! where is that?
Taking my ballerina out on the town - Such a treat.
We're headed over to see perform at "Raise Your Voice to End FGM" concert. Hope to see you all there!
Having the Ishii / / Japanese Green Tea IPA - helping out Japan never tasted so good.
Special thnx to Dr. Michelle Scott,Milton Corsey,Alvin Perry for their expertise and inspiration! We look forward to working w. them again!
Wallet full of singles = at a bar last night. Wallet with singles & $20 &$10 bill means bartender got with it & stopped charging me so much
la la la . I want to go to one of Vinny's dance practices he does real ' bad . - The Jenster<3
YESS! Ahh I'm so excited!!! It's going to be so fun!
#Hawks beat #Celtics, 87-86, in Game 5 of ECQs. Streamers fall from Philips Arena. Boston had plenty of opportunities. Choked the game away.
I'm just saying what I'm saying & talking about what I'm talking about.
which one?
BREAKING: Phone is responding again.
I need the revive tent right about now. It is happy hour time though....
great win over Stanford, Ducks! Keep playing hard and good things happen. Way to finish.
Preview the galleries for free this Saturday before our Arts & Eats for Justice Gala on December 6th!
Exciting stuff is happening in the planetarium today! We can't wait until the renovation is complete, you guys are gonna be blown away.
#Nurses are lucky to have someone like you on the #California Board of #Nursing! Congrats a million times over!
2nd time this year the Brewers have wasted a gem from Marcum (at Atlanta too)
Nope gets the intentional walk
Just watched mark zuckerberg on 60 min. FB is taking over! Big changes tomorrow:) Nerd luv :)
u knw ur mexican when ur mom always says carlos jr. instead of carl's jr. LMAO she craks me up:)
Do you think M83 is being supported by a group of Victoria's Secret models on this current US tour?
Loved Midnight in Paris. Agree to disagree.
takes stage at #HRSummit2012 on 7 things HR Must Stop Doing - focuses on being connectors not barriers.
#2012c19 Michael Stancliff draws connections between Tea Party politics and attacks on the freedmens bureau 150 yrs ago.
Big ups to my DJ homeys spinnin' tonight! at Lavish, @ Suite21, @ Razzmatazz
kendra i love you your show is amazing and your so beautiful
Harry Potter.~ <3
“: loved doing say yes with you lastnight at #tuesdayverses! :)”>>>Me too Sis!! FAB as always 😁
. "bat their lashes" - you ARE good at the visuals in writing... still seeing u in front of the record player as a kid!
Noo I meant I was tired of all the yays.
My 4-yr-old: "Mom! Guess how many days I've been wearing these underpants? Ten!" (Thankfully I know this is not true.)
my room is finally cold n i get to eat spaghetti today and today is a special day today finally is looking gooodd
Successful shopping
Hanging with today😄
SO true.
It's been a much to do about nothing so far today. I'll make it out to London. Seattle people = snow wimps ;)
If you lend someone $20 and never see that person again, it was probably worth it.
I miss the hot dogs more than the pizza. :) You miss Michigan?
I wish these punk asses would get out of my class -.-
Thanks for the R.T., Kenn
Made in Dagenham. Great movie. Wish more people had seen it.
Just released a sigh of relief
Well done MT : there is now nonstop service staring June 8 from San Diego to Washington DC Reagan International
yeah cant be doing with brommy on a monday haha x
Rain forecast for NYc MayDay. gods are apparently in the one percent
up all night
i love cheesy quotes
I will hold nothing back in my effort to live. I will not hesitate to be.
I'm pretty sure I will be the 500th caller tomorrow to get an appointment for my snow tires. I can haz prize?
I want a twitter best friend -.-
oh and there aint nothin bout you that dont do somethin for me by brooks and dun.. thats been my my shyt
Is there a list somewhere of the reported bad plugins? I try to keep track of them to protect my clients.
Anyone else panic each time they receive an update from ?
KEEP IT OPEN NEVER CLOSED
I love how I just refer to Universal as "the park" now.
Thx to for informative & timely presentation this morning. Talk to her abt social media for your business!
... in the future, please address me as R-Snid .... that is all !!!!
Going to get my labs done. Needles dont scare me!
you're vety welcome! Enjoyed a nice visit to your site today!
Cool, thanks you gon' be there? or should I even ask? lol
Proud of my head game lol
A jug fills drop by drop. - Buddha
RT : Clinton/Booker
I will go to college far away from anybody, probably in Greenland.
Shots on goal after 1st period: Rangers 17, #Caps 4.
welcome to the community
hehe My recent book was The Circle of Sorcerers, epic fantasy.
rats. Made plans to see avengers that night.
I'm really bad at being mean
Pretty damn nervous with the whole wisdom teeth getting pulled today.
if that were true, you'd have gotten my # from Cutler & invited me to a sympathy writing session. ;-)
Lmfao. He's all business.
"I'm sorry I'm not perfect but either are you"
Awww that sucks!
deflated...note the uncapitalized "d" for emphasis...
it's not quite the same view here in Lex.
President Obama at a Fundraiser in California: "I've said this before, this election will not be as sexy as the first one."
Happy First Day of Spring!
here's to #breakingnewyearsresolutions on
and I are on an epic quest for sushi. bought a groupon and adventuring on the trains due to construction. I love this girl <3
No kindle no product, right?
Porsche Mongolian Push Shows Chinese Wealth Heading West
hey what's your contact info?
why do you think I'm going to bring you food... /:
You're just jealous because we're young & in love.
girlfriend makin tuna melt sandwhiches C: #win / #bestgfever :D
Could really go for some Mac n Cheese right now... sounds so good!
$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 \Clearwater Call NOW......
What's the popular kids toy this holiday season?
Do you have playoff tickets?
hahaha I just saw this... "I'LL DO IT!"
Buy $300 worth of Morton's Gift Cards and get an extra $50 Morton's reward Gift Card for YOU!
My head hurt ;/
Now we're intrigued -- what's your "agenda"?
An old man came up to me in the park while i was feeding zeus and said that he breastfed until he was 7.
This page is here to support artist in the metroplex ..... Even the whole Texas. Let's get it!
OK, here we go - RT the next msg for your chance to win a FREE gift card to Dogwood. Four lucky winners today!
Creepy road o.O
Thanks so much for speading the word on our amazing device! We love to get new people connected!
Congrats man!! I was listening to 1010 today at 6 and the guy was nat'l and terrible and thought it would be a great opp for you
thx for the tweet greet! I'm a big fan of - and his twitter tips. Feel free to pass along yours too
Our newest client came to us paying $10,237 a year to insure his house and collection of cars. He now pays $7,371. You ready to save yet?
it's those endorphins girl that keep my hyped!! #missumore :)
same thing as you... Sitting on the bus..
can't get ya girl from that twitter tonight? dats because that Johnny Ready s.o.b. is on the mic! haha .wuts happn ya'll how are ya
when my mom is sad thus making me sad <
Do you think anyone would judge me if I got a tattoo across my gut that read "Hall&Oates Life" in the script of Tupac's?
Monday 9AM...we'll be featured on Real Milwaukee! Set your DVR!
check out for notes from a #detroitfuture / DDJC talk at MIT!
Yeah dude. I miss you! :(
Final in Acting Class today...I'm excited, I've spent weeks working on it!
got it! Thanks, I've passed it to the appropriate people.
on draft.. Part of limited brewer series.. Will do growlers
Congratulations, Miles! Keep allowing God to use you. Be sure to post a picture of that baby (#juniorPatriot) when it arrives!
I started out by just getting up and walking/ running for 30 mins 6 days a week until it became a habit, not stressing distance
RETWEET if your a 90's baby and not pregnant
is wondering how Nancy Pelosi ever became the head of anything. I mean, really.
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each Firehook Bakery & Coffee House neighborhood store.
Productive Week.
: Breaking news: Bulls guard Derrick Rose tore his Anterior Cruciate Ligament and he is out for the remainder of the season.
for what
Up bright and early. All emails returned.
Cheers dude :)
Ready for
Nah playa. RT : I was knocked by 10pm, but I already know LA fans mentioned Bron at SOME point during the gm last night. Mandatory.
Thanks for following us. Let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
but how old are you in your mind? That's the true question
You know your room is tiny when you can almost reach everything from your twin bed in the corner.
White girl problems right?
I'm buzz at the moment.
yeah,yeah whatever tell Brooke I say hi
I will smack you one day. And you will take it.
Manny Ramirez suspended. Steroids. God dammit
Thank you #cleveland! Stop by and fall in love with the future of our city.
but I wanted to see Annie as a flapper girl!
love that video
hi Livy can we get copy made for the studio and we will frame it..I am so please you were so inspired by the song...means a lot!
No endorsement for school board position 2. 43rd does endorse the Veterans & Human Services Levy.
:) Indeed! Thanks for the link!
11:11 is a great song but just wait till you hear 's next single!!!! All i can say is OH MY GOSH!!!!!!!!!! GET READY!!!
Bacon and eggs bitches. I just need to find some eggs.
If you are up you should come post on my wall ! Lets talk!
I want my hot Cheetos. But I bet someone ate them. I bought that big bag for me.
Obstacles are just chances for us to better ourselves and make money
Shortly headed off to NNLM's E-Science Day in Sacramento, to see what medical librarians get up to.
“: youtube singing video .” you should
My 2012 fashion resolution is to evolve my 'sportswear collection' beyond yoga pants and (gasp!) sweats.
Haha nah. My ninja warrior assassin skills keep all potential kidnappers at bay.
"Making Mirrors" -Gotye
I'm bored lol
You can't kill me, I live forever through these bars.
Pioneers answer right back. Demopoulos from Flint. 7-6 with 13:34 to go in the third.
hi! im from long island and interested in coming(: im in the group on fb too!
People mourn differently
u have no idea. Want to hurt someone!
come on back in! What are you waiting for? I'll be in the office on Tuesday. Can you make it in?
It's Cosmic Horror Day! Celebrate by staring incredulously into the Bottomless Abyss!
The 4 cheeses on our Quattro Formaggi are fresh Mozzarella, Provolone, Pecorino, and Gorgonzola. How much you love it is up to you!
pace the 4hr group with me.
I can imagine.. Lol
Miami dj
What's good everybody?
it was brilliant! And now they have a completely clean slate for all new "original team" movies! Thanks for recommending!
Got a chance to watch True Blood new Season I like it....
Watching my favorite episode of iCarly, the one with #OneDirection :)
What time do we have to be there this afternoon?
wow those roof shots are amazing
But you're traveling to #Napa...it'll be a good day. Make Casey drive!
Awesome episode last night.
allstate commercials <3
HEELS go on your feet. HEALS go on your tank.
God is SO good. I know I say that all the time, but He truly is! Had amazing conversation w/ 3 beautiful women of God. Woo..amped rt now!
yeah... and yeah I just did(:
Nothing beats inside the actors studio! Alec Baldwin is great!
Hey speak of the devil...
You are loved. By many. Someone right now is thinking of you.
Ending the war in time for the holidays! Merry Christmas America! Love, Obama
Come see a large selection of candle warmers and fragrances!
I think are the same person... Every phone call we found out we are more alike!
S/O 2 my new followers!!
Guess what is a mere two weeks away? OUR LAUNCH PARTY! Sept. 20th at 6pm at Mie N Yu! Hope you (and all your friends) can make it!
Our process for industrial carpet cleaning has earned us a reputation as the go to provider for carpet cleaning.
Heading to my first critique group ... nothing like putting your blood & sweat on the table for all to read!
More like turkaboo right?
but unlike them you and I will make our time count in this world and well make good
um doin well woke up n a good mood so I know ima hve a good day
Just saw a hydroplane flying over the harbor and felt like I was in Seattle for a second.
just something to make u laugh about! It's true though!
Choe's Facebook payout proves truancy and parole officers everywhere wrong. Graffiti does pay.
The high for Friday is 68 degrees :O <3
SAVE 30% On Pruitt's Mech. of Biomats - incredibly important to understand medical implant design - just use code ENGINEER30 at checkout
Muscat Wine: A white wine grape, used in light & dry wines, low-alcohol sparkling wines, & sweet, late-harvest wines.
Hi, Jen. I think the most important thing is to learn about and practice open-book management on the SRC model.
Josh and Phillip are dueting! This is gonna' be amazing!
I've had my bike for years they are all copy cats-Skaggs
ATTENTION: every girl should not wear makeup, so guys can fall in love with the true you!
Camp is going great and we would like to welcome all of our new students. They are a great addition to camp. Thanks for jointing us.
Make money money, make money money
Just when you start to become discouraged things start looking up!
We are open today until 12:30 PM - plenty of time to get here and enjoy country music artist Nick Smith!
I hope Blake Griffin doesn't get beat up too bad by Sugar Shane tonight.
Hhahaha, just saw an ad for new shoe called "BOBS" - thought it was an SNL skit on shoes... nope, they just ripped em off
if you don't say that Saturday we are fighting!
www.houstonapartmentlocator.org has the most experienced apartment locators in houston
On my way to Kidquake! A great lineup of authors and artists this morning. ()
Finally got my free nano!
Lofty Dog is officially open for business at our newest location in the Village Shopping Center 2700 W Anderson Ln Ste 402. Come say hi!
Once you take the inflation out of Oscar's numbers, LeBron has him beat across the board.
oh sorry that was rude to put a wink face considering that's you:P.
i feel like you know me so well that you know how to make me feel sorry for you…
Hey Hydeia ! So great to see you on twitter. We hope ALL is well with you, & perhaps link up again sometime in the future
Thx. You too.
Doubt I'll be able to make it to practice 😔
The last three #Surrey wickets went for 8 runs.
Use the microwave for cleaning?
": I Love RT's from Great Folks like: thk u
Don't bring chicken nuggets to a prose reading potluck
Werners brats and sausages, jalepeño relish, beer cheese soup Opening Day! Good beer!
Agreed! I plan on being that sassy when I'm a grandma, I'm loving this.
I'm more than a little bit worried what might happen if I say "RoundarchIsobar" three times.
they are making every jumper ever
baby girl yu are the star .. Forget About the about the bitch man im all yours ;) no homo tho <33
Simple Educational Toys Hacked From Electronic Waste [E-Waste] # ewaste After passing a mountainous pile of e-waste crawling wit
did sum1 say tools? RT : "Tools arent everything, but try 2 build a house w/out any" - its about the technology
and u Krusty bro
Iced coffee toddy, anyone? :)
yea..but I love all my peeps..FBers, Twits and 4squares!! lol..
RT : podcast of and Forrest Livengood from #dcavl. Want to hear it, let us know.
Church politics,Appearances, attendance?!? #Christ walked around, saw a need and met it. He said to the woman, "now go and don't sin again"
Oh what glorious fall weather in #ABQ today! Here's hoping the first week of October is filled with the same!
who's jumping from team to team I like 2 teams staying neutral this series whom ever wins I'm with them all the way.
thanks bro(:
Blazers need a bit more toughness... A little sissy like right now. get a body on some one... Damn
Who is going to be our #300 person to like up our page ?
congrats on the news!
got any suggestions????
Oh Colonel, me so hungry. Me want chicken. Baak Baak.
Dangerous catch phrase: "Open Mind". Instead, have an Active Mind, which doesn't grant equal status to truth and falsehoods.
...:::im so numb right now i dont care who says or does what!!!:::...
no disrespect but y do u have ta b gay u r soo cute y?
Who attended the Human Service Career Fair at - we were there!!!!
awesome! Ill be wearing one of the eye piercing blue volunteer shirts!
Tatum O'Neal was 10 when she won Best Supporting Actress for "Paper Moon" in '74, making her the youngest person ever to win.
Retirees move, but not very far
So sorry dear! Got tons of prayers coming your way!
Wow. RT BREAKING: Jockey Robby Albarado arrested, according to Chief State Steward Barbara Borden. He's off today's mounts.
#WhatHurtsTheMost was being so close and having so much to say and watching you walk away and knowing what could've been & seeing that (c)
one word- YAY!
#ndpl 'mass digitization collaboratives' reduce the barriers - you don't have to go it alone.
so people worth ship the devil that don't make it right
Jaime told me she seen you ! I'm blind girl lol
NO STRIKE! REGULAR SCHOOL ON WEDNESDAY via Parkrose district and teachers reached 'tentative' agreement on contract.
Fuck you man
What is a special memory of being loved on Valentines Day that you can share with me?
Agreed! Super fun to see you in your new digs. Glad your desk is a little crazy, like mine always is. I can see why you love it. :)
Can I go back to sleep?
She can sing omg
Home cooked lunch while studying bio and chemistry with my vivaldi vinyl playing =] just one thing away from a perfect day
Well, looks like my grandma's dog is gonna die. Sorry, I'm not crossing the road to save you. There is a strange man/woman over there..
TIGERS! AVILA! HAPPY EASTER! WALK OFF HOMER!
you dirty scoundrel.
Pauly, when will filming start for Season 6?
-Plastics, young man. There's your future!
Ok I know I'm a day late but 'you can't shoot here' is a great premise.
Big scary boom just woke me up. #apocalypse?
Excuse me seat belt extension passenger, would you like to move and have the two seats in row 5? rewarding obesity in 2011
Thank you for motivating me to open my Twitter Account. Let's start with a good morning twit!
That was quick lol
Thanks so much!
Congratulations to the Saints!
I like the new approach"if we weren't honest, we wouldn't be dominos" I will weigh that comment with past experience
SHOW DATE CHANGE! Santigold w/ Theophilus London @ the Newport has moved to 6/28. All previously purchased tickets will be honored!
Hey you! Head on over to Stage 773 at 8pm tonight! We want to sing wiener jokes to you! Trick or teets! Tonight! Do it!
"A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than knowledge that is idle." -- Kahil Gibran, Lebanese Poet
#lakers are getting abused
I miss my Scottish friends! Hope you're all doing great!
Hey, thanks for the follow!
Your lips my biggest weakness, shouldn't have Let you know.
Thought Easter egg hunts had an age limit
#everygirl deserves a guy just like ;)
I like using two people for time estimates. One is the estimator. One is the dedicated reality checker and number padder.
when do they come out?:)
Haven't in a while but need to!
haha I'm happy to, but I'm REALLY bored!!(;
. I think SDB could push in opp direction, esp w/ prompt emphasizing diffs signaling "weirdness" abt Mormons.
"Good women are obedient. Bad women are outspoken."
Oh and I just got a flat tire so that's cool.....
- really good article, Mike...spot on!
1. Chain of command 2. You're creepy sending my gf and I a tweet about something you obviously know nothing about.
hey what sups
Happy Thanksgiving!
Me too. Want to spend more time there
Upset the upset.
Life is about living and enjoying. Never waste it and keep dreaming BIG!!
allowing sum1 2 remain in ur life afta they've betrayed or hurt u is simply givin dem permission & opportunity 2 do it again
Lynn <3 David
i am high on pcp
Thanks for passing the internship along. We really appreciate it!
This NFL shit is
That's crazy nice of you to say! Have you checked out facebook? We post all of our stuff there :)
lmao c: i was thinking of doing a callab cover of a song with you :) but i'm torn between a few lol
Getting defriended on Facebook
going to class with Guest speaker from people magazine today. How cool!
": #Nf follow her she follows back. Yes yes Lol
and that's the truth!
the funny cruel world we live in lmao
Why the sudden kiln lust?
get in touch with me asap babe either by FB OR BY PERSONAL MESSAGE ON HERE Bobby:-)
Clairemont has the BEST mexican food in San Diego... Sorry to say, but you're bat shit crazy if you argue that.
It's snowing. Blech!
Dogs are driving me nuts today
Micheal woods killed last night ! Had a blast
It's some people that make things difficult for themselves. Starting to realize I'm one of those people.
Awh, that's an excellent point. Hope you have an awesome day, regardless!
How hard is it to get a blowjob after a comedy show these days?
I've never fangirled this Much this song is just to much !!!!!
you're talking about the owner being a douche right?
Congrats on being in LA - BS reader's top 4 comm CD most want to audition for.
If you're at the event today, look for in the gray UD basketball t-shirt!
Most fall classes r now full get on the waiting list today....www.yatkids.org
yes! I've had the same quote for the past 20 years. Maybe I need a new one, I think that's the problem.
The moderators are doing there job and weeding out these candidates, Pawlenty, Bachman and Santorum gotta go, sorry, not qualified
And if i follow you plz follow back!!!!!!
I'm pretty sure imma be stuck on Hunter Hayes for awhile cause I actually bought his album, unlike David Archuleta, Bruno Mars, etc. Heh ...
We're at Traders Point getting ready for the and concert tonight. Stop by our table and say hi!
The guy behind her seems pretty choked up, too.
Two very nice innings from Mr Jones.
Happy new year 2 everybody!!! Thanking God 4 bringing through crazy 2011. 2012 gonna b great. Making sure I dedicate more time 2 u as well!!
My ticket for HITTING A DEER was dismissed. Maryland traffic court was surprisingly efficient.
Talked to middle school kids today about starting their first newspaper - hope some of them stay interested!
Love my friends...now onto bball bright and early!
someone bring me chipotle k.
Taco Cabana run. Only took 36 Hrs.
I hated that tweet. RT everyone hates everything
Off to tend my bees this fine morning! Can't wait to see what they are doing with all of these spring blooms! Certainly they have been busy.
If you are the smartest one in your circle, you're in the wrong circle.
cool, I've seen it like 100 times...the songs I like are ones sung by Zac Efron.
I will do it if you do!
It is very eye opening when you have to carry the water three people use over a mile. How wasteful we are!
BlessUp Queen! LOVE Da VIBES. SELASSIE I! UK to da World wid CULTURE!!! bun out de slackness. YES,Yes clean heart massive
So ..... 's theme song isInescapable by Jessica Mauboy. :O)
She'd definitely be a good addition
nice to meet you
So far so good! Go #49ers #ducks !!
Feel free to bring things I might otherwise miss over the next few days to my attention.
Danger! Danger!
so u'll help me i cant believe u will do that for me lol thx if u r
LIVE AND LEARN - Columbia Daily Tribune
RT : My lipstick's called #WITHtheDJ by :) Very fitting as I'm omw 2 2 dance my feet off!
good for you man! glad you can finally be yourself.
Taraji Henson, that's all I'm gonna say.
It's too little too late for
Yup, taking a weekend away caused me to lose momentum on my WIP. I think I need to reread the entire novel to write the last 20 pages.
Yeah, that was REALLY uncomfortable.
The schedule says TBD while we all know who its gonna be.
Thank you for including in your Daily!
Thanks for the RT!
how the hell does ANYONE see that as even?
I prefer Cher.
A friend from hs just killed himself by jumping off The Swamp (football stadium at the University of Florida). We weren't close, but...damn.
Pickle and pepperoni sandwich.
so bord dnt want to go to skool marrow
Strange that there's a fitness conference at our hotel and they wear workout clothes to meetings, but you always see them on The elevator
What a buzz kill man its raining!
Most of us live in a virtual reality. It will be good to remember that we have real lives.
I'll probably never attend a prom again cause of you
So since we moved, and timewarner decided to be stupid, we switched to satelite cable service......
Are these clouds sticking around? Tonight's the supermoon. . .
same here but im moving to la this summer so help but im going to be a singer
VOTED BEST IN THE VALLEY BY THE EAST VALLEY TRIBUNE... Try our new Chicken Lettuce Wraps today! www.goldenvalleychinesemesaaz.com.
Thank you Matt!
#longhairdontcare I better see you this weekend for some cocktails..
morning I would be happy networking with you Ms.Kang
huh? MY fave docs are Winged Migration and 1 Giant Leap. I haven't even seen THE LAST GAME.
It's time for lunch. I'm on my way to get the new Smokehouse BBQ Chicken sub. It has only 6g of fat so this sub's healthy and delicious!
Some ppl talk too much...shhh...just a little...
Get up, get up, get up and shake your napkin :-)
What did I give myself for MOM's Day? A r/t ticket to Portland, OR this fall to visit 2 wonderful women ♥ who are the reason I am a MOTHER♥
Lol, You Ok?
SWEET!!!! I would love ANY Cooke jersey
I can't believe y'all did it!! So proud, but now Yay for fast food!!!
Cnt wait to see u Andrea!! :D
kicked out? Didn't think you had it in you. Would pay to see that
thanks for spreading the MAC wealth. This SSAer learned a thing or two!
"How do you turn on the stove"
good great actually you.
Only a matter of time.
fuck ya dude
Crystal Pistol Tonight!!! 8pm FREE! Sleepwalking Home Absence of Ink Twofold For the Wolf! and you sons of guns!
HAPPY ST. PATTY'S DAY!!
but I would have to wear that black shirt thingy over it
YES! that's RYAN KKook!
god bless the lives lost in haiti we pray for quick recovory to the wounded, Caliburr Records
haha make a visit, i know your ass will be lighting up all day
Hanging with fashion folks getting ready for a photo shoot, yeah i know odd post for sure!
dangit, I totally missed getting tickets today.
Last speech.. Thank god
Would rank CB's like this: 1) M. Claiborne, 2) D. Kirkpatrick, 3) T. Johnson, 4) S. Gilmore, 5) J. Jenkins. All are 1st round talent to me.
Hard to believe it's already the last class of our first quarter.
Thanks for the response Do you think eliminating the allocation would stop $$ from being raised entirely?
I'm t-t-ticking like a timebomb baby baby. When you told me to forget you I went crazehhhhh.
Good Morning Everyone! Have A Zswaggin' and Zentastic Day :)
*swats your head*
Would like to be included in your Richmond, VA listings...thank you!
still huge for that product
..."DOC TALK" meet n greet with medical friends at Wheeling Country Club from 4-5 pm, then Lauren's BDHS Sports Banquet at 5 pm, then...
SO proud to be involved! RT Big thanks to for sponsoring !
got to follow the fan club lol
No problem (: It was easy enough to remind you! I love twitter, haha!
Anyone attending #BlogHer? will be hosting a happy hour on Thursday @ Marriott's Tequila Bar & Grille
On my way home!! Hope everyone's having a great day!
Try some Aloe Vera Gel :)
THIS!!! #crew96 fans are the best RT : Joined the Dharma Initiative.
Would love a triple-shot espresso right now...
Hahahha(: Sorry bout that!:D
This is stupid, shut up.
maybe, but it doesnt take much to be the highllight
Agreed. Only a fan but I'd prefer the NCAA leave it alone. Everyone is on twitter now, how could a school control that? jmo
Join in following and supporting their Lawrence, KS area #DV shelter !
Just saw Teenage Paparazzo, and now I'm curious to know how you felt about fame and stardom before you ever became famous..?
He's not in my top 305. RT : Oh word? RT : Nelly is one of my top five rappers
I'm proud of my immigrant parent because she believed in herself despite peoples attempts to prove her inferiority.
Thanks for following Rosa!
Jarrod Polson and Kyle Wiltjer have the best rap about UK winning ever!
“: my boy in the place! #tonightsparty” || ALWAYS A PLEASURE MY MAN
: Smiling in the middle of a kiss .. ❤
me too! Omg tonight was so good. Can't wait for next week and dreading it too
Joe Paterno dead at 85. Official
So tell me dear, can your heart still break. If it's already stopped beating?
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Goals. Intelligence. Independence. Spontaneity. Honesty. Confidence. Loyalty. Muscles. Good in bed. Great credit.
Being in the right place at the right time won't make you a success- unless you are ready! Question is, "Are YOU ready??" :)
#NF hottest online celebrity site ever
*You fuck with dolphins*
okay (: did your mom get my voice mail yesterday?
I'm afraid that i've thrown it all away.
Bring on Christmas!!!!!
thx for sharing! I'll investigate.
Librarians understand the value of archives, right? So why is it that we don't do a good job of recording our own history? Just wondering...
happy late birthday! I'm sorry I missed it. I love you!
Chemistry test time...anxiety starts now
I'm not psychic. :)
I'm not gonna lie, it made me cry at times.
Thanks, Brett. It should be out by the first of March.
ha! no doubt!!
I'm sorry ): I was doing my nails :/
Hated it at the time. (I was 16.) Have grown to realize it's FAR superior to Gremlins 1. Should be more sequels like it.
Working to put the finishing touches on this big announcement!!!! Be looking for it!! I promise you're going to love it!! :-D
hey baby, you've been lookin' lonely.
#ILoveWhenYou text me every minute :)
Only a few more days till The Red Wire and Flatfoot 56!!
lol @ moody when hungry
#HappyMothersDay Unconditional love and support, working all hours to feed & cloth their children. A mother's love never dies.
Minneapolis 48 Hour Film Project Award Winners playing at Saint Anthony Main Theater Aug 5&6. Lineup includes The Cabin (Green Sea - Horror)
Austin I know you see this(; #SaySomethin was amazing! :)
love watching UFC
Gloomy good morning Seattle!!
sadly instagram doesn't work on my kindle or I totay would.
I'd do anything to be with you just a moment. Maybe you answer me -with love
Hey.... i write songs... and i sing... but only in my room. in my head. :)
its abt a gay boy who gets so jealous of the boy he couldnt have, he turns in2 aphrodite & reeks havoc on everybodys luv lfe
Sick again. Let's see, I've been in LA for 2 weeks. I think its time to quit the pizza and beer and buy some groceries.
Which fans are you talking about again? RT : We have the greatest most loyal fans in basketball period!
RT : I wish soldiers in Afghanistan would just make funny cat videos like everybody else.
Got super excited bc i thought RT a tweet of mine then realized it was just some other fan I was so happy+now so depressed
When I'm away from #WeHo I feel like I'm in slo-mo.
This energy drink is neverending energy....
What does it say about us when offering supplemental tutoring to low-income kids is considered "controversial"?
Rewarded for speed -- Malone: We wait until Steve Jobs steps on stage, the flag is dropped, and we write fast as we can.
You can become blind by seeing each day as a similar one.
I miss my roomies already
Thanks Matt. I am glad u like my performances....I am working in my new Album... Hope u like it... Bless u
Hi, Reverb community. Wishing you a wonderful weekend. We at HQ appreciate you!
Damn good thing there's a workplace policy against lunch hour cocktails. Saving it up for
Ladies if you think you're Hot let America be the judge sign up for THE EROTIC .com. Chance at 50k
S/O To Everyone that Came and Bought their St. Patty's Day shirts and hats Today and not waiting till last minute!
Shrooms on Netflix
55k at dinner break
“: Djokovic is my hero.” I second that!
Wow. Just wow. She's amazing.
“: I have an irrational fear of wasting a good outfit on an insignificant day. #CTL”
NO!!!! not cool man. wait til you meet at the wedding & you will understand my total love for that show!!
i am a huge fan looking forward to reading your tweets !
That say no to smoking commercial is :o
thank you for your support of and kids affected by disasters. Great event tonight!
Wish I was at #miami #artbasel looking at things I would never buy even if I can afford it, free artbooze & random party photo ops
It means a lot when someone sticks to their word....it means even more when you finally see thru the fake of someone u thought was real
When was the last time you had a warranty issue with your mattress? Did everything work out?
by ourselves, but we will be playing with local bands
Bout to Hoop been waitin a min to get some in
"A bad attitude is like a flat tire. If you don't change it, you'll never go anywhere."
good morning everyone!:) I'm off school today, what's everyone else up to?:)
need to hear 911 tape & how incident reported by shooter. Right now I don't see PC for stop by either party.
This Starbucks is playing Samba followed by Bossa Nova this morning. Making me feel like I'm back in Rio
Bacon is so good;) RT : you used to have the most #AMAZING bacon at your Sunday buffet brunch. I miss that
The train offers up And I receive Two swollen butt cheeks Upon my right sleeve
I just thought of the worst DJ name: DJ remarried.
#ForcesOfNature Gears community is a force of nature trending worldwide
I've just been promoted to Level 6 in #MobsterWorld. Beat me in the game!
This girl in my class has Dunkin Donuts, where did that bitch get that
Sweet tea, pecan pie, and homemade wine where the peaches grow
RT : Smallholder farmers will be "indispensable" in efforts to double food production by 2050, says Roger Thurow....
u know it. Only houses I know I can walk into anytime day or night and def find CNN on tv is ur house and my nana's LOL
Are you madd?? 
#1DVDforme cause I need to see all my boyfriends
I saw a bunch at Nordstrom that were fantastic! Love Maggie London.
you got gas $$ lol
Yeah and James's and Logan's dads were there too. but I know some moms will have a thing or two to say about this ;~;
#wcphilly How to write your posts. No. 1: Be objective. Provide value to your audience.
I'm for the Clips and against the Spurs but have to appreciate the Spurs fans not all wearing the same freakin' t-shirt.
i swear ive heard the word shunned about 4389 times today
Having worked in a book store, they are only well set up for browsing. Need a specific book? Could be in three places.
#BecauseOfYou I know who to trust and who not to thxs
If things go wrong, don't go with them.
new girl sucks.
My muffin top spilleth over...
Crosbywatch continues. Groan. Can't we talk about something else?
I feel like going to the clubs right now. It's 9am.
I beat it. How were the flaming lips. Spaceland show was good. Local natives are also playing at sunset junction. Check 'em
Basketball practice in a few>>>>
It’s beginning to look a lot like summertime! #Northpoint Custard opens today. Who else is excited?
Banana split for dessert (;
good old Al Not-Too Sharpton
listening to Jamie foxx's intuition album reminds me of Jae
Screw Jim Tressel and OSU, today is about the people who serve our country, both alive and dead.
Hope to see you both again this year!
cool video. 2 things I liked (other then the cool news items) google's use of all their media tools, and he aside on the iPhone4
Damn, #canlis4free has got me looking at every post in the city!
Will mobile commerce destroy traditional shopping habits or is there a place for both? Is it what we want?
People are more comfortable with certain sins than others and ultimately, it results in hypocritical and bigoted finger pointing.
I would never do that and YOU KNOW IT. Seriously, I can't afford to do that.
I missed you!! :D
. These Stamford people are setting an example of active kindness. Good post.
oh yeah they are a confused group of people.
You made me fry lol
Really liking the TWCable TV iPad app. Video is beautiful. Keep up the good work!
Have you seen the new vid?
Doing some market research today, then finishing up the design, and then we get down to coding... Hopefully soon.
Scratch that. Jameson Gold Reserve. It has essentially changed my life.
it's gonna be calledTwitanon-and it's coming to a streetcorner near you;-)
ok thanks!
see you fools tonight!
thanks for the Art! Awesome!
I was just saying what everyone was thinking :)
RT : Job at CUNY Graduate Center as Reference Librarian: The Mina Rees Library (CUNY Graduate Center) seeks an Adjunc......
oh i know, me too. Hahaha ugh. Hot. Guy.
sounds awesome! When do we simple folk get to see it? :)
Happy birthday, ! Mama Lombardo making a favorite bday meal later or what?! :D
I feel like if I were never too text you first we would never talk. :/
Carbon in south side is the shit!! Burrito bowl yum!!
It's insane. I went this morning for the 12:05 (pre bought tix), and got there at 11:30, and our group of 4 had to split up.
Great staff community spirit! “: let's see what in store for annual agency retreat thanks to !”
My tweets are getting too thought-out; I think I need a binge of unfiltered thoughts.
#GURT 2011 panel Fri am: Epic fail: Errors, Mis-takes and meaning-making in human-computer interaction
Hey come check out my friends group on Facebook called the Hog Slop only Razorback fans can join!! Message me on here if interested!! WPS
Thanks for all of the suggestions re: linux. I'm going to try DSL and puppy linux. If neither works, I'll try a few more.
Hiltermann: 50% of bargain economy from saudi offshore field, and more % from crude from Saudi to refine in Bahrain
awesome thanks
RT : If you've been putting off writing, I challenge you to write 3 pages of anything today.it doesn't have to be a masterpiece.
I cannot believe I am actually getting to bed pretty early tonight.
I don't like them either but I'll go to support anyway. Besides, just another excuse to grill and have beers.
your mom
yes, unforgivable to give this much confidence to a team with far more $$ to spend when you could have crushed their pysche
hah! good. thought about sending a joke-y retraction but am now glad i didn't draw more attention to it
Friends make everything better :)
Why does look this good? Finally Dwayne DeRosario plays at attacking midfielder. They should never move him again from there.
nothing chillin thinkin bout earth cake and workability oh and some
do what??
You are right on!
I think the tennis teams just got 2 new players
Save the Date 5/30!: Join us for a free lunchtime webinar on children's health: Practical Solutions to Cover Florida's Kids...
Dang everyone hates on Lebron
now getting 'bad key' notice cannot join channel
When you smile, I melt inside. I'm not worthy for a minute of your time.
Nice colors!
#bored. :) our hair defines us!
What's up Rip Hamilton? Hope you can help us beat teams. That's what we do in Chicago.
SI Folklife focuses on understanding contemporary grassroots world culture; thanks to Smithsonian ethnomusicologist Atesh Sonneborn for time
#stopkony? The only difference being made is informing the blind people of society of things that have been going on since forever.
OMEGA PRODUCTIONS LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT UNIQUE BALLROOM!!! GONNA BE A FUN QUINCE TONIGHT!
Just spent a completely useless but totally fun 20 minutes mentally spending my Mega Millions winnings...
I'm up early too. Thankfully, I have nowhere to go. :)
I think he said he was going to the galleria
you've got
i'm craftier than a glue-gunned construction paper googly eyed dry macaroni glitter pipe cleaner sequin fantasy!
antonio valencia, gonna beat a man or two. antonio valencia, he’s from ecuador, it’s true. watch him running down the wing...
2 Mo Days Till Thanksgiving.. Decent
Need Sponsors for Indy celebrity black tie event bring inspirtion hope financial support families affected cancer
just 4 more pages c'mon
Officially mad at :'( You made me cry. I was so embarrased... how could you do that to me!!!!
I Love spongebob !!!!
Just when I thought Nana couldn't get any cooler, I find out she watches New Girl and Game of Thrones. What a woman.
I am a fan of LOST, so I'm quite ok with unbelievable realness lol
Wats the theme tomorrow night ultra lounge
Phew. Livestream over. Awesome work, team:
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear: Child services.
I am so 100% gay for beef male! SUPER!
#Imagine Austin pulls you close from behind and kisses your neck before whispering "I love you baby."
#long but one of the best ones #ihadagreattime at the #betawards did yhu...?
In the Myriad Gardens an the Water Stage. Cool place. I owe you an email!
Maybe if I didn't write so much elaborate #BS then I wouldn't have to cut out so many words.
George William Curtis~ It is not observed in history that families improve with time.
Last day of work before taking a few days off for Christmas... brought treats made by to share with the newsroom!
tweet me more of your answers #KissKillFuck Chris Brown, Terrence J, and Lil Twist
My name is not Susan…
That's my movie! Lol
Tune in now to for We're featured in a great ep. about light & healthy meals!
Bored at work like normal... Check out www.throwthefight.com let me know what you think! Entertain me please!!!
Join me in my commitment of less quotes and more original thinking. is brilliant at this.
He's so concentrated doing his work lol
Is making me angry...
which is?
tweet me anything !(:
I was wondering if they even had it - website was not very descriptive on the matter... Verdict?
I'm sorry to hear that Tom. Yes, hang in there you guys. I've had some medical issues myself but doing better. :)
well then... Lol.go to bed
Great Halloween campagin by Chipolte to help raise $1 million for Jamie Oliver's Food Revolution.
Just saw the illest '68 dodge charger in Silverlake
Hi Sara, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
I swear people can't be peaceful with each other for a while.
Wake up sweet pussy I'm on way home (text to da queen)
The Reds win and I
thanks boo
If people keep bringing up old stuff, just tell them to "kiss your past!!
Thank you to Tapestry's submitters this year! Please try again next year if you are not published this year. Submit early and often!
Twitter team strategy: need guidelines, a plan, schedules for monitoring, content strategy and coverage assignments
Knee deep! RT: We know it's raining in San Diego... but we're still gonna play. Bring your slickers.”
NBA GMs take note of Thomas Robinson's emotion - clearly has heart and cares. Big fan of his game and effort tonight.
Do you use Twitter as a job hunting tool? Have you found success? I want your feedback....send it my way.
Hello everyone, go follow this wondeful and amazing directioner! promise you won't regret it haha
That's how we all feel.
Getting ready to get on Amtrak to go back to L.A. I will be absent for a while..my cell phone sucks:)
Wow Thanks for helping spread the word!
hey any chance Abele is available for an interview about War Memorial restoration before 9am?
Some people need to realize what they have in front of them, before they lose it all.
Go for it! Do you have an account on beRecruited.com? Registration is free! Let us know if you have questions
Canyon Road and Mother's Day. That could be very nice.
Blah . Just the same shit .
Thanks for the follow! Saw you at the Hub meeting and sorry we didn't get to catch up.
Two men out and three men on. Nowhere to look but inside, where we all respond to PRESSURE!
That's adorable. Glad you two are having a great day!
RT : Union Square SF yesterday. Union Square NYC today. Will be on at 1:55! // Rock on, JHF!
hey, some of your old high school buddies are state employees and union members ;) but I'll still buy you a beer.
but wont sell directly to law firms. Erm...
We got The Megatome & we are the smartest.
Don't worry I won't. :) I'm not surprised the bounties existed, but the league's response to them has been consistent.
Thanks for connecting Ciara.
cool.. see u then!
Must've been Mack's stepson who did the touching (again). Cal ball.
Giants and NYC are pusses, Philly would party. NYC barely cares. Let's go
One thing I've noticed - When you look directly at you, you never get to the "end." There is no end to you. Take a look.
One day I will go out with cody simpson
if you truly read each tweet, why are you ignoring me? Insulted! But I love you anyway!
if you are on PS3,go to your game management,delete the NBA2K12 file,put game back in,wait for update,and you are golden...
Had a blast DJ'n at Lakewood High School this morning for the American Heart Association's Jump Rope for Heart! Great bunch of kids!
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
Yes it took me back!
true. do u think parents who want the best educ 4 their kids have reason 2 want 2 go 2 chartrs? & there r parallel Qs in hc
Welcome and thank you for liking this page! Check back for updates on the website!
Soccer games and graduations prevent you from getting your oil changed this weekend? No worries - we'll come to you and take care of it!
Man, the cops are put thick tonight!
20.I love chips!
How do ppl Forget to turn on they headlights at Night????.
1 thing 4sure this Trayvon kid incident just possibly may have saved tons of lives.
this knee i busted last night <<<
Always hard to decide....work or go lay by the pool?
One half down, one to go!
Nice shot
“: When Gemini is sleepy, they'd have an 'attitude'” this could not be more true.
In this week of thankfulness, we would love to know, what are you #thankful for?
Lmao RT Nigga suck it up ..u missed a bunny anyways lmao !RT : My toe stills hurt from ball last night
come bring me that elote from your pants.
Probably 5,000 degrees in my house right now. 🔥👎
Going nowhere fast we've reached a climax -Usher
some serious lightning is going on outside. really think someone is messing with a light switch or something.
This past 2 days have been somen else. (: haha.
RT : : Great ... someone in Atlanta is holding our dog ransom! Poor Shawty... He has been kidnapped! No lie
I love painting my nails :) #it'ssofun ! :)
All in a days work :)
aww you're the sweetest! Xxoxox
I've done the Forum. Interesting stuff.
#Askaquestion through chat on our homepage if you're having any problems or need help. We're online from 8-11 am and 6-9 pm.
theyre all on there re done LOL
sure u do, easy access ;)
#MentionYourCrush well my crush doesn't have a twitter so😳
why not?
Why have phone insurance if I have to pay $100 if my phone breaks?
I've stopped trying to respond to people who are just inattentive and too arrogant to think they might have missed something.
he be saying, "sorry I didn't know" I mean my name is printed on there. Mad af lol
are you there today?
First thoughts on 2 and a 1/2 men. Time to clear TiVo.
I wish #oomf would get the fuck on
I beat my sister on 2 k12
do you mean in the oregonian article? just saw that. we should sick the fat positive community on him! ;)
Can't wait for my brothers to grow up and drive.. All I want to do is take a nap, but no.. I'm their damn taxi.
"the voice in my head for a long time was like simba+Luke skywalker+zac Hanson." "so you were a trifecta lesbian lion from outer space..."
I've been there. Not a good look RT : Not the best idea to eat about 30 dumplings at 3 in the morning.
nope didn't make it, heard it was fun though
Wait do u mean like or LIKE?!?!?!?!
I'll be there in soon. I would have recommended some great breakfast spots had I known you were going.
Man!!! Breaking dawn was interesting and funny :) Can't wait for part 2 to come out!!!!
Love it!
I don't understand why we want what we can't have. Why we can't be content with what we have now?
awe we lov u 2!! Miss ya superstar- GO CATs
Listen TODAY at 12:30pm for 's LIVE acoustic set in our studios! Listen at simmons.edu/radio or stop by L311!
I think I found my car ❤
What did the five fingers to the face ?
OMG. I had no idea she was from Boston. I am sorry. RIP. I can't believe she is gone. RIP
"There's a reason they don't say that sissy shit puts hair on your chest. If you're not a man, your a woman." - The Late Grandpa Hamilton
Not really feelin #MW3 tonight. What the fuck is wrong with me? #
So today is like National Peanut Butter & Jelly day and I have been looking for sexy vids to post about it for aprox 2 hours now lol
glad orioles let him go for a guy with no hits this year. Ugh we could use him
Another mouse carcass in my office. Shit.
Yay I didn't know you had twitter, I just made mine!
Loved seeing the images of your youth and your parents. I now know why everyone loves you. Great life, great job, great girl.
Is potatoe salad too sedate to bring to a bbq w/foodies? I do make an awesome potatoe salad....
Why couldn't teaching collaboration time and planning time be one in the same?
Oh well...not much we can do about it I guess! :P Have a great night anyways!
I need to sleep.
Will do on all counts! Thanks.
Finally stretched my ears to an 8g. I'm happy, I'll stop when I hit about 2g or 0g even. We'll see in time. (;
does watching game of thrones and then working late count as crazy?
This great evil.. Where does it come from?
Thanks a lot! Tama was really cool to work with. Hopefully we'll get to do it again someday.
RT ": I understand. Youll be just perfect. I hope you're releived instead of beating yourself up. Geeze I want to hug you so much."
oh, Guinness. duh.
aha yea ok my son!!
we hope you can come too!! we have tickets right here www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
Likewise; should be fun!
It's the smaller things I see people do that gives me hope for this world!
I did everything I can do..
Doing anything fun tonight? We are looking forward to dinner at 5 courses of deliciousness!
xtina looks like a blond snooki
I do think introversion makes it harder. The compatibility numbers game works less in our favor.
Just wrote to State Dept. asking for help. I hope you're okay.
GO OSPREYS!!
Guise please watch this, tell me what you think, and tweet the link to anyone famous!
#10ThingsIWantToHappen -->> Me taking 's V card >>>> ❤❤❤❤
Thanks for the retweet Mark. Keep up your great work....
In our fast-paced, globally connected world, kids need and deserve more time to learn. is working to make that a reality.
not being Tom...but I hope you lose!
hells yeah...by eye too! say what!..need a dream wedding dress!..;)
I am a poor texter. Just told my honey, "I miss the shot out of you". It pretty much gets worse from there, in general.
is #yummy . Who agree RT [follow me first and i'll follow u back] :DD
Thsi week, , reading Sandra Dallas' True Sisters, followed by Anna Quindlen's Lots of Candles, Plenty of Cake.
proud a dem parrots.
Today is Valentine's Day. Or, as men like to call it, Extortion day.~ Jay Leno
Happy Monday! It sure is a windy one.
the real thing is so much sexier than the meaningless thing. #whoknew?
begins day 2 where yesterday left off-with O-in order to give us a longer trajectory.
#ThingsIDislike us not being together..:/
I saw something like that a few weeked ago, may have been that one... Give it a try :)
“: 10 million white guys are crying right now. Celtics loose! #lakers” improper use of the lame ass race card...
SeeThruEquity, LLC now distributing equity research reports on Zacks
what two of u
"What has two thumbs and is gonna marry the Bachelorette? THIS GUY!" - d-bag on the Bachelorette
Per SO on scanner, rolled-over semi wb 119 at Jay Rd. No injuries.
it's a pretty wrathful robe.
Cleaning and organizing the choral library with Bret. It's so dusty & dirty down here!
Our foul ranking must have gone up that Saturday night we played the Magic. Pretty sure they fouled Bogut about 20 times that night
Have they said what happens next on the voice? Is the whole "judge gets 100 percent to split between two contestants angle" coming back?
I really stirred that one up lol. All I'm saying is I call it praying. It should be about god, not marketing or drawing personal attention.
My wife hangs my shirts in closet. I tell her they get scared if they face back of closet. She says I'm crazy I don't know why.
Thanks for the follow!
Stefano is off #idol but has a promising career as a chippendales star!
i was thinking i'd take the kids downtown...give Dave awhile to work childfree before all the gang show up. you like curry chips?
I'm beginning to think that #mountunion and #uw-whitewater are the only two teams that play division 3 football
How am I just not realizing the Haring influence in Adventure Time!?
I am so sorry to hear about your Dog . What breed is it ? and how old ?
Can Liver Cleanse Melt Away Pounds? How to Stop Food Cravings - 7 Tips Healthy Snacking: Which Nuts are Best?
my liver would <3 that!!
In Philly, waiting for my flight back to DC. Looking forward to getting home after a great week in California.
". . .In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world" -John 16:33
What if you believed this to be true? Every aspect of your life is working to bring you closer to knowing your true nature more completely.
Cartmenez file personally reviewed by Deasy! No X allegations, just reprimand for teaching about white people cheating strategies. Yes!
Just watched the last season finales of my fav. shows!!! ;( sniff, sniff ;)until we meet again!
Im back people.
#KeMVP was robbed. Further proof that the BBWAA only cares about postseason teams. WE ALL KNOW WHO REALLY WON.
Don't forget Green Monkey Members can bring their moms (or Monkey Moms bring your kids) for a free class tomorrow!
Giving a great introduction to her charter school legislation. Discussing expansion provisions for location and sponsors.
I'm not sayin, I'm just sayin
hah wow i haven't heard that one but that's stupidd
Thx - I definitely didn't learn it in law school. Excellent explanation in way less than 140 chararacters :-)
“Girls spit in my face — people were so mean to me, I’d cry every day.” — Zooey Deschanel
Don't become a wandering generality. Be a meaningful specific. - Zig Ziglar
I love you!
YEAH IMAGINE THE SALES AT THE #CANUCKS STORE! I CAN GET A NEW JERSEY :D
the son's gonna rise in a mile...
Gone was intense but I liked it a lot.
Please.. Who wants to be in my video? Need 5+ Mahomies!
That awesome feeling when youve been power walking/normal walking for 3 hours straight and you get to relax! :)
My #Grizzlies let's go
Everybody's FREAKING OUT!
I really want one of those sexy #LGTruesteam dishwashers!
It's been a very long time! That's great. Are you enjoying it there?
that's a shame.
when my family watches a movie&eats lunch without me<<< ...like LOVE YOU TOO
Vegas in may =))
its me but with a haircut
I was asked what diversity is during diversity training and I really wanted to say and old wooden ship
it's so you can still use your iPhone! Otherwise you have to take the entire glove off..
I may need close-up pics to render an informed opinion.
Hey - I like the new logo!!
yo we say fuck it now raiders can beat on peyton 2 times a year
G'morning Tweeps. So, who's making breakfast 🍳?
Just want to say happy mothers day to the best mom in the world! I love you mommy! 😊
Twitter isn't letting me follow anymore people! Why is it doing this to me????!!!!!
How long is acceptable before trading in your brand new car?
No worries. Stood against the wall. Awesome class :)
gay best friend whose not gay <3
Let's do it.
because of i might just get a longboard.
this is just the beginning Austin. There's much more to come. I'm so proud of you.<3
Farmers Insurance Open Golf Tourney in San Diego starts tommorrow... Anybody going????
The neighbors hate me for sure
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Buffalo!
YES! And yeah, I feel you on that. Plus SF is just a cooler city. :)
Every little bit helps!
Had a great time with family today. Loved seeing my parents who are here for my sisters wedding next Friday. Busy week ahead.
Lost 5 pounds over the holidays. Pretty much due to a mostly vegan diet.
I think tonight is attempt no. 5 or 6 for the Sox to hit that .500 mark...would be nice to do it against the yanks
Haven't seen any shirts yet at #ragnarsocal so I'll be sporting the Blue Ink shirt for my final 14.9 mile leg in La Jolla.
Don't even tweet about her. She's not worth the time of day #loveyou 😘
You're so pretty!
Its Friday, Friday gotta watch Austream on Friday... 💜 RT if you read this(;
Turkey,rice and veggies for lunch!
I couldn't make it, I'll have to watch the rest of the game tomorrow. It's time for me to go to bed
Just look at how good Henley was at pitching to the score.
looking to get off the ground acting, any words
Hopefully my Uncle's operation goes well :P
If OBAMA-Minions go for idiot stories like Romney's High-School pranks, we could talk about the time OBAMA was still a Kenyan.
I'm going to be so freakin mad if we lose this game.
That I will!
The USA has more people in prison per capita than almost every other country. More than half of those people are there due to drug charges.
If you hate kickers...this is your day...
Happy Friday every1. To celebrate there's a new episode tonight. "Evil Times Two" at 8/7c; plus, I'll be answering qs threw the day 💗 Xoxo!
RT : Have you heard the big news? Milwaukee is going to build a new stadium and it's even going to have a roof!
RT : drums << we're all guitarists and one didgeridoo player!
Good morning tweepz! Be thankful for today because u didn't have to make it this far. :) be blessed!
is that your natural hair ? it looks so cute ! you should totally keep it that way sometimes :)
waiting on the new video from the music box series to finish processing. stay tuned..
we would shout at the drop of a hat! now they definition of shoutin is them doin the "duggy"....God ain't in that!!!!
“: well it's a great website!” Thanks
haha just having a revised surgery lol
Thanks, Wim. Appreciate the mention!
What did the really ugly man do for a living? He posed for Halloween masks.
Something wonderful will happen today
:) so would love too! Tell me more!
Sit that booty pad down
In Johannesburg working on a taxonomy project for UNDP collaboration system.
Beltran just had the most graceful strike out ever.
ha zechs marquise RT me the other day from ATDI live tweet- i just now saw it! #rockstar 9 Apr: Zechs marquise is kinda killin it.
A dozen new disaster response volunteers completed shelter operations training with me Monday night. Great to have fresh talent!
the dolphins were soulful. Special creatures.
you guys gave my best friend bugs in her pistachios :(
Indeed! Somehow I missed "dickweet" in my high school German grammar! My day is complete, for I have learned a new thing!
haha I was thinking the same about macgrubber so far!
Jzell Music Baby!!!!!
RT : It's blazing hot out. WTF does one drink on an afternoon like this? Don't say water either. - Tea... Piping hot!
Anyone going to the AFI Silver Docs next week?
So, I guess we can all assume Jackson will now be traded? tick,tock,tick,tock
Santorum's wife isn't there because he doesn't let her leave the house.
pizza and bandmates :)
Thanks! I'm here! Happy Birthday!
I kind of wish Dwight Howard went to the Lakers, would make this series a lot easier on Wizards fans.
Its a norts and chaco kind of day.
Works for me! :)
You might not fix things well, but it looks like you do some beautiful restorations.
u probably dont but u look amazin,hot,sexy i could go on but u probably dont want to hear it
new car!
wut. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? I TOLD ME CAT TO BUY THE WOOL.
Yes!! RT : Don't forget senior crowns tmrw!
How are you doing? & I are getting settled in, up in Spring Hill Let me know if you're ever up this way.
When u look at me can u tell im different?
Happy Mother's Day
He should have opened his eyes. She was crazy for him. But he didn't, now she's gone and there's nothing he can do.
FOLLOW > IF HE GETS TO 100k HE'LL DO Q LIVE CHAT
-that's too bad, they should value 'audition process' more. Hopefully a learning experience for them & def one for you.
I don't want them to recover ... I don't trust Angelo even a little bit!
Did Darlene wink?
BUT MY BABIES ARE OPEN ENDED
I often go #nopants on our second floor - but never on first floor - hey, passersby shouldn't be looking up there anyway, right?
im looking forward to the memories of.right
yes there are mirrors in the boys bathroom.
How did Rondo get that pass to Avery so quick?!
Is it too late for Denver to trade Knowshon?
A city bus driver just pulled over and stopped when he saw me running for the stop. Nice day.
#GunHillRoad is amazing! You've never seen Esai Morales & Judy Reyes like this before. Harmony Santana is splendid!
Cant put down book....end too near...
I don't want to ask anyone to get me a wristband... 1. The fear of being cursed out 2. I'd feel like I'm a burden to them 3...
What the heck is this
My Patriots boyfriend looks like a zombie... he's so mad Hahahahaha!
I will miss you
Crazy girl.
Yes!! Shonda is gonna be the death of me.
You guys meeting up for dinner anywhere after the tour?
2nd paragraph in "Art teachers hate glitter" says it all!!!
I wish I could go to
So glad!! RT : The Love-of-my-life, and I, had an incredible dinner last night at #Gingham. Highly recommend the #KobiBeef ribs
