shall we say noon at virgils cafe?
discourteous neighbors? :(
love that place !
The Exploratorium - FREE First Wednesdays – 10am to 5pm - 3601 Lyon Street, San Francisco
My eyes, my eyes.
Marcus Boon (York) asks: "what does it mean to be alone with a sound" (citing Kristeva)
Every dude in Milwaukee rap or trap every female wanna sing or model.. lol just an observation can't knock nobody's dreams. Do it big den!
RT : If SOPA & PIPA still don't make sense to you or someone you know, this infographic can help with clear explanations:...
Just left office 10 minutes ago...don't give me sh** when I look like sh** tomorrow:)
so does everyone else hahaha
Without knowing exactly what you want you won't be able to erect the boundaries to safeguard from getting consumed by your business.
Feeling better i felted bad i was sick but then i took medicine and took a nap now im a bit better xD
you love you some khleo I see lol
i left a couple months ago to get my personal life together...trust me i DID NOT want to leave
Quote of the day: "Let us dare to be ourselves, for we do that better than anyone else can." - Shirley Briggs
Thanks for helping spread the word! :)
that just doesnt make sense
A jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend. If she doesn't get jealous when someone has your attention, it's because someone has hers.
Im in New York politicing about
EVERYONE!!!!! Follow She's #TeamFollowBack 100%
i just have a thing against liver
Oh ..it needs a hashtag too...
Happy Halloween! Tons of great events going on tonight and if your out make sure you have a safe ride home... Call VIP TAXI 520-798-1111
have to go to NH to get car title. Which camp you gonna be at & when? Email me
Good Seein Ya
Well, I suppose it isn't entirely a facebook exclusive... I mean, If you know where to look you can find it. Facebook just makes it easier.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!! Just wish I was dressing up lol
time to get out of the house and enjoy the T.C. sunshine!
go to Boston for a baseball game wearing Yankees gear one time. You'll see what I'm talking about.
yeah, sometimes im so unique that i cant get anyone to talk to me
top of the morning to ya!
Tired and sore. I hope today is quick and painless.
Im stuffed!! Haven't ate Moroccan food this good in a minute.. (:
I didn't really like Jalen Rose all that much... until he punk'd Skip Bayless. I would even like Fidel Castro if he did... JK
They will be at will call. Enjoy the show and snap as many photos and tweets as you want during. Thanks!
“: Jim Carrey Is already mad.” GREATNESS
I like when Justin says "yeah girl" in Boyfriend! It reminds me of Usher with his "yeah man" (':
Yes. Willie Lyles=Casey Anthony
Most of us have a bunch of lead in events that week, holiday demands. #Pcbw gives us a separate opp to build new biz.
HA! He's a cool Panda, prolly just wants to hit singe loud wit ya!
Oh. Thought maybe you worked at a shooting range.
ok R.I.P. TRAYVON
All we Need is Love ! John Lennon<3
Just got back from the script concert. it was amazing (:
Shit. I'm checking my lunar calendar right now to find out about the next full moon.
Twitter is only as valuable as the people you connect with.
Great idea. Get that hungry rush hour traffic ya'll!
just watchin airwolf w the cat
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!" #A Day! 6
13 million kids get bullied every year. It's time to take a stand. RT to stop bullying.
RT : Gut check #ripcity back to the crib to protect the house!
What to do...a falling satellite above our home and a ravenous opussum beneath. I think the Mayans were a year off.
AUSTIN, WE HAVE A PROBLEM.
I grew up on big southern wrap-around porches... But I'd settle for a stoop. :)
tell your team to get it togetha
Hoes are hoes and sluts are sluts they all in the same category.
Ready to roll up our sleeves at today's Public Workshop in Pittsburgh. Looking forward to meeting the next round of #LUMAtics!
thanks so much!
RT : Now speaking Nat Wood, Assistant Director for Consumer and Business Education, Bureau of Consumer Protection, FTC
Police: Homeless man shot 2 at Maryland church
Liars tend to pause before speaking and often longer while repeating phrases or speaking quicker.
Fantastic choice as well!
then when is your EP coming out! #JeffreeStar btw, I just DIED because you responded!
I HATE LIARS
The Penderwicks at Point Mouette by Jeanne Birdsall and Should I Share My Ice Cream? Great day of reading!
We're opening a little early tomorrow in celebration of St. Patrick's day. Come see us at 3.
Responded to VACATE @ 132-25 Ruby St, Queens, NY 11414 and helped 4 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
NYC Mountbattens are volunteering at the Wallace Award Dinner tonight in support of the American Scottish Foundation.
ANOTHER KILLER WEEK! Vote #JamarRogers NOW! 1-855-VOICE-04 or Sprint users text 4 to 97979! Yeah buddy!
Cops are down the street.. YAY! Ughh my neighborhood is supposed to be safe and now were having attempted abductions and crimes..
That moment when you have done something amazing but can't tell anyone :/
you and Jessica Simpson are soo alike:)xoxo miss mimi pink
Who remembers Toonami?
it's that time
that ref is cheating smh
Week has been turning out GREAT.
yep Orangewood exit, Hotel was in Placentia by the In N Out near Nutwood
Enjoying being a tourist in LDN! Back to Cardiff tomorrow :( Cannot wait to move here!
since won't watch with you, I'll watch it again. Even if it's not the same.
I was up way to late this morning, Until the point it was more properly called afternoon and then slept through my alarm. Off to work now.
open today 12-4pm new shipment mkors,guess,fozzil,watch batteries from $1.99 ! jewelry repairs,crystals ,watch bands
"My sweetest memory - Your voice, My biggest sadness - The distance, My biggest hope - I will see you soon".
Preach!!": Don't bite the hand that feeds you today - it might just belong to the ass you have to kiss tomorrow !!!!"
You're welcome. :-)
So which one of you pseudo Mensa teabaggers wants to tell Sherman Alexie you're here to take your country back?
It will if you follow me ...Please =)
Thanks for following back! You ok? X
is there aqua velva involved as well?
Awesome!!! Wardrobe redux!
Done and done. Welcome friend - we have much in common. I look forward to many CLE & OSU-related tweets.
Congratulations to on your 100th year!
Thank u for saying that, it easier to be negative than postive for a lot people.
look at my next tweet u fool
Woohoo! What class are you?
RT : I can't wait to rave on Friday ??
#Spurs win!...suck it Trebeck!
Doughnuts with dad at school today. How's that for promoting healthy eating habits? At least it's followed by running club...I think.
RT I never look at the glass as half empty or half full. I look to see who is pouring the water and deal with them -
I HAVE GOT SOME ASSES TO KICK. They need to get fucking sued or something!
I got it at Walgreens for $4! It came with 50 greeting cards and dividers. The box is super cute too!
u can feel the difference. I love that band. Don't kno about the pill....
I have major ADHD when it comes to this tax filing deadline... yeeesh. I have a bad habit of ignoring things I don't want to deal with
Looking forward to seeing you! RT : Excited for Advisory Board Preview Party at 1871 tomorrow night. Who's going?
tried pole dancing with the girls last night...nothing made me feel whiter than a room of black girls with rhythm.
I think you're mistaken because if everyone knew this then cancer rates and obesity wouldnt be on the rise every year
I am so fucking horny today. I'm going to have to skip out of work and go cruise for cock.
#Faffcon 2 is under way! A mighty wind is blowing in Atlanta. You have to here to understand.
I hope we go out to eat today
margaret cho on dancing with the stars: YOU ROCK!
I was told wrong is it 1p.m. -2 p.m. for family 2p.m. - 9p.m. for everyone else on Sunday then Monday 2:00 p.m. is the funeral.
The NHL is facing a "mom" problem. I hear more and more how moms don't want their kids concussed by the headshots like these
ahh my fellow morning show-er! How goes it?
Wow...ppl spend 3K on coachella if they get a hotel :/ that's crazy...
welcome to twitter! thanks again for posting your public art collection with us!
Shit homie im all tatted up!whenever i have a boy i'm goin 2 name him Rascal, no lie, then i'll get it tatted on my arm
They should have executed that nigga...
i am not sure we can call this a "debate"... But it's definitely good Reality TV: who will be voted off?
#Artist get the social media pack, the 1st 6 to reserve the spot get one week of social media campaigning for $30
I already following you
You need some napalm and a firehose, dude...best of luck.
“: Omg an Old Navy commercial with Blossom and Joey?? "Whoa!" Love.” Love it too!
The end.
"intrusively intimate commingling among attracteds" was pretty good too, lol
Madrid + Barcelona. Are you bringing the kids? Would be cool if we overlapped, that'd be fun to meet up there!
Sorry for the late reply. I was just thinking about how I used to go to eleventy billion sites to find listings.
Just landing in Miami for Gilbert's memorial.
Excellent bean selection? Freshness? Fair trade? All of the above?
No work until next Monday! It's going to be a chill week.
Star Wars Day? I'm going with "Intergalactic" Day.
Hoped you packed your rainwear see you in Austin.
From NY But Will Never Be A Knicks Fan. Bulls All Day.
Oh snap! drama!
#NorthCarolina has been showing a lot of love lately and do trust that we have a lot of love for our home state. We appreciate the support!
What B is preggers!!!
He who has mastery over himself, is the master of his own destiny -- Spiritual Truths ()
my daddy is making me crepes at 4 in the afternoon. omg yes.
I ate there before!
I hate projects.
I can't say enough things about how fun and clever and excellent it is. SEE IT NOW.
I really hate to know how you know that Will
's using her smartphone 2 look up episode summaries of Little House on the Prairie & read them out loud 2 me.
An Always Sunny in Philadelphia marathon on CC is a chill way to wrap the day
Is anyone listening?
“: Awesome. Fridge is broke.” the new place??
About to begin boarding to return to the wonderful Has only taken 24 hours to get back to her and my son.
#shoutout. To our new follower marilee sonneman from you rock too!!
my pleasure! :)
RT : '06 Pink Floyd's Dark Side Of The Moon #Cabernet--interesting, dark fruits, spicy--love the label...
Rain = Perfect weather for a $5 Gyro and a hot bowl of Avgolemono (chicken/lemon) soup
Remember what you said to me earlier? Go get your own help!!!
The VW ad hit a double home run in my opinion. Loved the dog workout and the darth flashback.
If your license plate says "hizgurl" then you should probably just go die
we will! we don´t have the same model in different sizes tho, but as soon as this ones go, we will get more.
MT : 'Photo and video' is the fastest growing #mobile app category ://t.co/L3LztAQG
How long do you wait? #Kings have been dominant, so you imagine you have to get under a minute.
We're teaming up with Animal Humane New Mexico for our 2nd annual pet adoption drive and fund raiser. Saturday, May 5th from 10am-2pm.
My mom is watching Friends with Benefits...that is not okay.
I miss seeing. on TV..maybe I should play Hookie one day:D JK then I can't go to Prom(:
There's just something about you that makes everything okay.
J &B's Tavern This Sat. CD Release Party come out and have some fun......with Specyphi.... New Laser Light show....
is playing at #Lure in LA on May 10th
okay babe c:
so tired
Just ordered a filet of what looked like fish (in the pic) at Kentucky Fried CHICKEN but lo and behold it was.. Chicken!
hey hey! Thanks for the reaction to our music! Cheers from
everyday, every single day, is a balancing act. today, I am balancing between my heart and my mind. what are you balancing today?
Get STOKED on BEWARE THE NEVERENDING, von Wolfe, Frameworks, Stay Killer Design and Clothing. They shred the gnar!
they were definitely delicious didn't disappoint.
How's Florida? Mild winter here so far, but it's no FL! Hope you and hubby are well.
": Osama Bin Laden is Dead... if that bothers you... Good.. Fuck You..." Add Ghadafi and whoever else stands in the way!
Don’t settle for ANYBODY, just so you can have SOMEBODY..
damn now the whole world knows that I can't read a sign......wish I was there to celebrate with you guys lol
now THAT is a gorgeous dress!
I need to know that you are going to be okay without me..or I will remain in limbo...until I can see you are ok
One can never have too many open protocols in their life. Admit it, you wouldn't be able to resist one on open government either!
that sneezing skit was dumb funny on #SNL lmao
I hate chores!
that's the quandary I can't make sense of. Thankfully the clerk was rehired at the end of the study -otherwise, who knows
The san Antonio b-cycle system has let us down again. We are stranded at la villita.
Really? I don't believe you.
when it all gets too real i hang on twitter. reality easier to take in 140 char chunks.
Pregnant is da new fashion. Thx god I dont follow fashion trends..
Dont worry ivette. God's gonna put an angel on her.<3
Achievement motivation is the most researched area in Psych. Loehr
Hm yes, thanks Phil!
lmao she said call her
opened a Time Capsule full of leaky New Coke cans and mold. Had to do that one in the shower room in case the cans exploded.
follow me back :)
since there's nothing to fucking eat i'm just gonna make iced coffee and smoke a few cigarettes. taking after my girl lohan
"Prayer means Tebowing, it's gracious."~ Frank B.
Work in progress...coming soon. Need a house? :)
ooh! I may have to go charge the ip (I hate playing on the phone.)
Because it has proven successful w/o Elway and Terrell Davis when? I'd rather Shenanigan's system. RT I trust Shanahan's system
are you here? If so, I'll say hi!
Big event today. Twitter on hold for the weekend.
Go preds!!! Lets win this one too!!
AUSTIN! My mother said that if you follow me she will buy me ALL your merch!!! lol
School Was Okayy Today (: But It Would Be GREAT If I Stayed After School with my friend (:
yes, please.
Being sick really sucks. Enough already!
hey im usein my phone dork so i cant see what it's doin :p
My best friend just said goodbye to me during a text and I don't know what I did. IM KINDDA FREAKING OUT RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love is Evol, Christopher Titus is a genius! Remember his Fox show? His dad in the stand up is perfectly portrayed by Stacy Keach!
I'm at cliff makin these fries
At what age is it appropriate to tell my friends they're imaginary ?
lol so true!
"Why do you call it the Tear Drop™???" "Because I'll be dropping bombs till you cry"
did what in high school? What? Lol whatever.. hm well lets dig into what did in high school.
Okay, well, is intoxicated right now, but it's his birthday! He'll do as he pleases! Tweet him :D
Hope your New Year celebration is brilliant & the next year is a great one!
If I'm writing, I can't listen to music with words and achieve flow. If I'm designing, I can.
that's always good.
OMG ezio looks too old to be so fluid in his movements in the new assassins creed game.
This is incorrect. It should also include research on the douchiness of Bruins fans.
Cover song of Little Red Corvette finished and coming soon
when websites you didnt type in pop up
is just working here until a good fast food job opens up
Heh, okay! As long as you're not going, "OMG, I absolutely regret this cut!"
Bout to hit that loud
To all them haters Im Bisexual a real one not the ones that just say that to become popular...Go Bi people hoping to go to pride fest!!!!!
What animal is Pete? He's the only one on Mickey Mouse clubhouse I can't figure out.
The world is changing very quickly. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the quick beating the slow.
I am gonna fist pump till my arm falls off!
Up Early Getting My #NBA Fix- Then Gotta Catch- Kyrie Rookie Of Year Press Conference At 10. & D-Rose Surgery Update Press Conference At 3.
WOW! Dave FREAKIN' Herman! Crazy fight, I thought both guys were out.
RT : I love tattooed faces and I love witch house.
Good Night Everyone !!
#Teacher Appreciation Week here at The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism. Be sure to say 'Thank You' to those that do so much for our students.
It's about wages. Folks who own businesses have to make a decision to pay fairly, and give time for people to improve their skills.
Not gonna lie.
It is going to be a lovely day .
Plus musician Peter Gabriel pulled his songs from lumbaughs show in reaction to his hate speech towards Keep tearing him down
My body hurts ):
Exclusive! Get $4 off your haircut at Official Fades Barbershop on Fulton & El Camino. Get the free Qponomics app 4 more details.
just got 2 the game! come out and support!
"Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself." I need to remember this more!
stop telling twitter my bussinesss -______-
I don't miss Cincinnati forreal
Loved it 2, couldn't put it dwn RT : RT : Been reading 's book "The Miracle of St. Anthony". I love it
"It's good to be outspoken and blunt, but there's a very fine line between being rude and being honest. Never confuse the two."
Love really random auditions... They're definitely my favorite. ;)
The Boiler room tonight. Fat Tuesday..... Lets go.
Jernigan has more career highlights than Brockers
We'll be out at Bavarian Soccer Park tonight for 1st round match. $4 admission, 7pm kickoff.
Tonight is rocking WHO WILL B THERE?
Winner of #sharp11 graduate student article award sounds super cool. On digital dead sea scrolls and reading before & after book.
Sugar is toxic? Yeah, right. Next thing you know, somebody will say smoking is bad for you too.
fasho & ya imma send you some shit bro i got you
Real talk because some only know how 2 chatter not gather!
yeah. You should do that.
www.getmejaded.com is cool
this color on austin >>>>
Rupp comes in to score the eighth and final run to give North Texas an 8-0 win in five innings over FIU.
thank for the #FF mention. Hope all is well.
Q1: I don't battle my sweet tooth, I embrace it.
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in the students :).
I started out thinking "early adopter," but I ran out of characters. Besides, I hate euphemisms! 8-)
man if those dropped, They would be a requirement for sure.
Conversations with my best friends: 10% secrets, 15% relevant to our enviornment, 75% talking shit about everyone else.
Fucking old ass bitch
Not to some people RT Just got bumped from a Fox hit by Mitt Romney. I guess he's, like, more important than me or something
This fool just spelled "Ridiculous" REDICALOUS...smh someone needs to invest in a dictionary
In Deploying Virtual Port Channel in NX-OS. Should be good, patiently waiting for CAE!
Go digital on those flashcards and Spanish won't have anything on you, Tamara!
“: Exclusive: Sarah Michelle Gellar and Freddie Prinze Jr. are expanding their family! Congrats on baby #2" trivia
"Once you care, You've already Lost" Best thing has ever said.lol
Let's go
Design should never say, “Look at me.” It should always say, “Look at this.” — David Craib
"It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are" #quote e.e. cummings
Ready for the CATS and DOGS !!! Go Big Blue !!!!!
great questions in today's session. :)
I'll be there!
I never ask my parents before going online. B A D A S S
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
As such they "engage in an ongoing revision of the American way"—translating conflict into terms that make sense to a heterogenous audience.
do you know any specifically higher ed hashtags? Seem like so many more for k12 teachers
get back at me , miss ya brotha
forever awake...
Body isn't cooperating w/my grown woman plans. #bedtime-tomorrow walk for my Godson #TeamGrayson w/
RT "All of the above" energy policy is good for America and her future generations.
So worried about McGehee's confidence, yet he pinch hits Morgan for Gomez as soon as a righty comes in.
and there goes my night
For some reason I actually like airports once u get past all the security and shit u actually get to go somewhere
At lexis...haven't hungout in a month
RT : TODAY at 5 pm ET: Chief Investment Strategist Jeff Saut will be a guest on to offer his take on a wild week
About 60 ppl here. Good mix of old and young. Probably streaming online somewhere.
Whats the best live music venue in your area? Let us know here! Maybe when we go on tour next year we will stop by... ;)
Ur sister is so fun to talk to she's so positive. .....positive
RT : Just got done talking with Mark from Wines That Rock, seriously think they need to do a Clash wine.
From our #Movies4Grownups awards to the #Oscars. We're still smiling about Christopher Plummer. :)
we know what that mean
RT Smug about OverDrive? A whopping 39 percent of U.S. public libraries don’t offer downloadable e-books. bit.ly/wb0Qx2
~ Watching #TheVoice from Bristol, Tennessee!! LOVE IT!
its funny when people want to belong so badd
then yes, I've heard of them :)))
He called the police when he saw a man pull out a Taser near a Blake's LotaBurger employee in Española. But that was only a Taser salesman!
A chiropractor changed my life. For real.
In the Studio hard at work LOL
I feel safe when is at a party with me
I am serious. Maybe my company could help with things as well. That is something that thousands of people look forward to.
I don't like ice cream cakes. It's like a TV/VCR. Better to separate the components: more choice, better quality.
Everyday has taken over my tl.. #Dreamchasers you have some great supporter
Hope the planning is going well.
we love bowling!
Excited for that documentary next monday. :)
How did it take me so long?!
Happy Friday!!! Hope everyone has a GREAT day!
fun! thanks for sharing :)
that was GOOD
Weekend festivities? =)
Hurrah! I loved Amplified & my recommendation of it will reappear when I blog music-themed BooksYALove in June!
will do!
I think someone just won the golden tontine.
Reading a student paper about the concept of time in cooking shows.
I think I'll start picking out paint colors this morning. Happy Friday!
Physical therapists see people making ugly faces and hear weird noises all the time so they dislike everyone who add thoughts.
trash it.
Packers say they don't draft for immediate need but ... Worthy/Daniels draft picks critical now.
The sky is blue and all the leaves are green! The sun is warm as a baked potat-uh! I think I know precisely what I mean.
I had just drifted in to a pleasant slumber. Then the hammering, chainsawing, and redneck cursing began outside my window.
Meanwhile, Nirvana is covered on 'The Voice' and so my early teenage years are stabbed in the heart
RT : The Green Bay Packers never lost a football game. They just ran out of time. -Vince Lombardi
watching toy story 3 :)
Wish I were hitting up Coachella with my favorite LA peeps. Hating Florida more by the minute...
That's odd. Do they have accounts on the site?
RT : I hope someone writes about Lana Del Ray, Alabama Shakes or The Roots today...god, I hope it happens
Someone remind me to go on the diet and exercise regimen.
Behind on my gratitude - some fabulous people out there - you shall not go unnamed! oxo
Maybe. The European countries don't surprise me. It's the ones like Kenya, Singapore, and Kazakhstan.
Going to the pool!!!!
Thinking of you as speaks at ;) wish you were here!
Art show coming soon...anybody want to paint a deck or skis??? We have plenty at the warehouse....
.: "a new tide is coming into the harbor of health research right now, asking new Q about equity & equitable behavior..."
Suddenly every independent coffee shop is serving pour over coffee. O Cafe on 12th and 6th is a new favorite.
Great day of worship Sunday w/ leading worship. The brass had a blast playing!
Those four horsemen shots did a nigga dirty last night. God damn. I've never been that drunk.
our cubs need to do a lot more of that.
oops i favorite my other account over this one
Viso is like crack....Like healthy crack, the kind that won't make you a Chicken Head, but still makes you feel FANTASTIC! And addicted.
I thought I trademarked "Happy Eastover!" ... Oh well. A Happy Eastover to you :)
Q4Onboarding included daily e-learning course with daily virtual classroom for review and a workbook exercises w/ mentor direction.
Acura was good. Doritos dog from first quarter was solid. Betty White was funny. You?
Having the best time.... Even typing on my phone is fabulous
I won't be doing Follow Fridays anymore—too much bitching & people with no sense of humor. Don't like my tweets? Don't follow.
yeah...my dumbass
Rumor has it you're tapping Queen of Tarts tomorrow afternoon.
well dang im in dallas tx
stg me too!
Seeing and being attacked by mah girl tonight >>>
We've all texted while taking a shower it's the
"Do not be too timid or squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Listen dude, you batter vote for Justin before i kick your ass hard .
I'm not even sleepy .
The best art, music, stories, ...etc are inspired by our darkest hour. Our greatest contributions come from those who went through Hell.
RT GO AMY!
I can't come to the new york show cause I'm away on vacation this week :( hopefully you'll come back soon :/
the water I can't complain about.
Holy Violet Smoke! Just got home from #Prince concert- unbelievable. And Chaka Khan!
but if I cut myself up into milestones and coordinated projects, I could do it!
RT "What's trending today? How about, "WE LOVE THE LOBOS!" #baillios<3lobos"
the name Zayn means beautiful great how that worked out huh.
I don't know yet
I mean I have to read everything eventually, but Baudrillard does nothing for me.
Thanks for TUNE!
lol awkward turtle kid.
oh, I thought you meant haha got 1D on the brain :)
Swagga so bright i dont even need light, im with a model broad she don' even eat rice!
I hesitate to define myself as a blogger, because at the rate I post, that would mean I wouldn't exist for long stretches of time.
is killin' it. Awesome Glen! It's been inspiring to watch your training. Keep it up.
maybe... the run is the only outlet for such bottled up madness.
the gym really is more fun with celeb sightings. (hello & Aaron Sorkin!)
There is so much double-talk on the #RHOA! I can't believe this! Rewind from Sunday.
#FF for a knowledgeable source of alternative financing for businesses.
Bought a Kindle today. It's obviously a brave new world in which I live. Figured that I might as well start tweeting as well.
"Start washin' all our worries down the drain, rain is a good thing"
Come get a patty melt on marble rye with swiss cheese, 1000 island, fries and a drink! $9
Thank you for coming to visit! Warren is so precious and I can't wait for her and Reese to have a play date!!!
Hey, I just added e-mail subscriptions to my blog. JUST FOR YOU!
The average person has 100,000 hairs on his/her head. Each hair grows about 5 inches (12.7 cm) every year.
Big week for Gymnastics and Baseball. Both are peaking at diffterent times. RSTR
no doubt
didn't know, wasn't gonna ask for all the net to see. have friends who live and asked me to come visit. Thought about moving!
uh oh, coffee at 6pm. can't. resist. must. keep. working. :D we!
Same here. Vix, who got married Sunday, was also complaining on Twitter about much the same. Both of you--feel better soon. xoxo
if would DM me back just ONE more time, I would never ask for anything again..
Or, alternately, the head coach of the Montreal Canadiens.
our agency seats are being used and DVRs are set!
No matter what happens with forte, #dabears are gonna be badass this year!!!!
Disregard women acquire aesthetics...
There is still time!Sandwich Emporium is collecting toys for the St Marks school until Monday.Drop off a new unwrapped gift.Thank you!
I met a girl yesterday that reminds me of kortney. She's from texas.
aww no love :/
D aka E, thank you so much for mentioning me. I GREATLY appreciate it. Bless your kind heart.
imagine : Austin- YO MAHOMIES I'M FLYING TO (yourstate) MAHOMIES- Why? Austin- because my mom always told me to follow my dreams (urname)
Mendenhall has been somewhat consistant but he lacks toughness in crucial moments #Zookeffect ,he can be much better then advertised.
I just met Santa!!!! This experience has changed my life.
awww so adorable!! im doin the same with my daddy :)
CBEADLES FACT: Christian wants a girlfriend that lives him for him& not to use him I get close to justin bieber.
Watchin my all time favorite movie Titanic with my favorite aunt in the WORLD!!!!
Exercise more? Save money for that trip to the Bahamas? Read a book a month? What's your New Year's Resolution? @ us for $5 free driving!
Server: "The beers isn't business?" No, but it damn well should be.
#changelovetolubesongs "Lube will tear us apart" -joy division
All of the pieces will fall into place today. I just know it.
Hello new TWEETHEARTS! THANK YOU for following me!
Vegetarian Barbeque Today @ The 1011, and of course Special Live performances. Herbivores, Omnivores, and Carnivores Welcome 5PM!!! See you!
Is it cheesecake?!
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. Mahatma Ghandi
- I Can't Believe I Let MY Car Get That Nasty! ian NEVER Let My Car
Dear Twitter, I missed you. Kind of.
You don't have time for anything else when you're busy all the time...
yeah, won't let me go over 2,001. Lol .
second you on that! Nora really is a sweetheart, it's wonderful to work with her. The Molly Holly article + pics were great!
That's o.k. They can always raid the funds for womens' healthcare, and school lunches for poor kids. :(
#MidnighttInParis fun and inspiring just like Kanye and Jay-Z
Study all day and night.
Great seeing you guys again at #pj20 You are amazing artists and continue to inspire and impress. See you soon!
did you get your phone yet?
Good Morning, Chicago! Your Mayor is back in the saddle after a little hiatus. It ain't easy being an long-dead ex-mayor!
find a bootleg copy on the street!!! It's the same experience with people walking across the screen!!!!
We are so locking up that fulmer cup. Not the kind of trophy we are looking for here.
Good Seattle post-punky type band RT : For sheer technical wondrousness alone this Dog Shredder EP is marvellous. But it's FUN too.
Working on updating the website and newsletter for the website. Should have it up this week. www.distinct-impressions.net
just stumbled across the NY premier of My Sister's Keeper. Fancy! ;)
just one of those days. having a good one don't get me wrong but got allot of decisions to make and may make some bad ones. i got to do what
Just let her do it. RT : I will take off of my "studs" list if they don't let me rap on stage with them. Please RT
u too.
ZOMG!!! Please. Their fried pickles are tvebest ones north of the Mason Dixon. Pick a night and we're in.
Last game tm to finish off the league schedule #undefeated #ZIPEMUP though
We got our copy of "Allergic Like Me" By Michelle Meyer-Devlin this weekend. We love it! We're buying it for all of DD's friends.
Now that's something you would never see in t-ball.
The best dinners are when I have to put my hair up & take my bracelets off.
sour punch straws & Starbucks ✌
So great having you in our chat room today! :)
opening for super fun. Now hiding from instrumental saxophone hell. You can find me under the bar
stop retweeting things ;p
Still not used to hearing speak Spanish
AAHHHHH Now i need to come back for chapter on the sex wars :)
Thanks for the shout - happy to help keep you looking fresh :)
we're getting your new desk space set up for you! Rearranged everything today. :-)
REAL tea is so tas-tea . . . lol get it ?
mine is on the 10th
Thanks for the follow....following you too!
if your on time your late if your 5 minutes early your on time.
#MUSICNEWS LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Simon Cowell and Fox television are gambling on pop icon Britney Spears and teen singer Demi Lovato to
Just got a press release touting "the nation's only marijuana-themed restaurant." Clearly this PR firm has never been to Eugene.
Steelhorse has a new guitar player coming on board. Ahh, dual lead parts!
Thanks for the follow, I like
Stay inspired - We came As Romans RT : i need new music suggestions o.o
Ah today I have singing class <3 sight reading and choir and much fun ;3 lego
you bums, I just woke up for my 8:55 class. Slept thru 2 alarms. So worth it.
Nyc is so much better than LA.. Is not even a comparsion.
IT'S STARTING! #TDKR :D
Nothing can spur action and growth greater than the right amount of fear or discomfort.
Thanks for the kind words!
they have a song together? I don't see the problem anymore.
I hear Brian is a big leatherclad gay guy in his dreams
Star wars and lord of the rings marathons on TV. Can't stop filpping!
so tired of classification :-/
All WI do is Drink tee available in Pattys Day colors (green shirt white letters) email $15 plus s and h
you don't have a thousand dollars
just the one for now.
How would I have ever had a wedding before Google docs? Collaborative editing is the only way to go.
How are classes going everyone?!
did you try party galaxy?
Okay, that's it for questions. Time to self-promote and network! Share your links!
Aus golfer Cullen takes on Poulter and Casey in China Australian golfer Nick Cullen will try to become only the second player to claim ba
Bard is crazy wild right now
and rich boy stay runnin laps
I love the transition to the 60s now...
Good to hear! Please let us know if there is anything we can help with.
Ice water has in its veins.
Conservatives say "think of the children"; mean "I am everyone's parent". Fuck your approval, keep your faux-pious bleating to yourself.
realest fake boy
excited for the sox game tonight - right behind home plate!
they have everything else. Why not organs?
sorry about that! joe@ is my direct, though I'm notoriously bad at email. At least with joe.heitzeberg it all gets tracked :)
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live. - Mortimer Adler
successful day getting to see and !! i love you both! hang in there 💙
"The best leaders are not always the most visible ones" Michael Balaoing's intro to Ai-jen Poo, Amex NGen Leadership Awardee
is confused...how are the Packers the home team in the SuperBowl? The Steelers are the higher seed?
You are too kind! So glad you joined us - hope you enjoyed it.
Meeting starts soon! We're on the second floor today so follow the signs...
Huntington Beach city council debating proposed mobile phone tower next to Bolsa Chica wetlands
RT : Females are like news reporters I swear, know something and be the first to spread it.
#oomf is such a great person and doesn't even realize it smh
Haha can't believe omegle is where I met my new bff
thats #ruthless bro. and
Gosh I miss seeing Austin Ustream.Finally back from vacay hopefully I get to see him Ustream some more<3
"Had not everyone in Saumur been politely ripped by his steel claws?" - Honore de Balzac, "Eugenie Grandet"
Players too
She is!
No worries. Let me know when you have something..
and that's why I like you. ;) right?? I'm freaking starving!
May be true, but I believe sizable % of that 40% r too ignorant 2 know real consequences of implementing RW policies.
Hold up wait a minute
forgot to delete a location based reminder and it reminded me next time I came home. Which was good..I still hadn't done it!
I think I hate the Lakers more than I hate toure. Nah, I don't.
I hate big bugs
Thanks for the RT and happy Friday!
#ThatOnePersonWho believes you can do whatever you set your mind to.
I gotta say, Punk'd is not nearly as lethal now as it was with Ashton Kutcher. Need another guy like him to do it.
You're in my thoughts! I am sorry for your loss.
Geez, don't drunk dial me - use facebook for stupid drunken posts. You can delete those in the morning...
your farts smell so bad! Ewwww.
If he is smart he is thinking of you !!
Hahaha seriously? Oh lordy I'm so excited!!
red and blue at the same time, your welcome.
did u play today?
Never realized how much "Silence of the Lambs" could pass as a biopic of my last roommate. And I'm Jodie Foster. Minus the scissoring.
Can't wait for transformers 3 laser light show - dark side of the moon.
An old customer calls looking to start service back up. I'm Able and Ready to accomodate
Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.
RT Overwhelmed & humbled by response to Archiving the Arts priority deadline #ata12 thank you to contributors & supporters!
I'm obsessed with say yes to the dress/weddings... #whencanihaveone ?
well my sis house then practicing afteer i well make a vid for you guys-Tamya
ugh i liked my bleach hair so much better, all my boys left me when i went brunette -_-
Good luck with that, Ed. Besides, super-rich don't see themselves as selfish. Top 1% pays 40% of taxes. Top 10% pay 70% of taxes
QotD: "A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking." - Steven Wright
Using tech to help people leave their "disciplinary silos". YES!
Its like a church revival in this arena.
Thanks for finding me on Twitter and for the nice comment on FB
ok thats fine
Loving that I get to edit a Broncos highlight video today. Any suggestions on which plays to include??
House is finally quiet. Nice!
it better be
C.O.E. Continuing Education is here to answer all of your continuing education concerns. We provide quality education and innovative classes
2013 Shelby GT500 Mustang has 650 hp? Someone buy me this, much love. Please just all black interior, exterior, and rims, thanks.
I love the slippers and handbags thanks!!!
I can't understand where i went wrong I can't understand where her love has gone I don't know where I belong My world is over
Rahj is Singin this weekend 2 times! Come out and hear this marvelous voice of mine! ;-)
My brother -----> be keepin me on my toes in this crazy ass life.
When 'Directioners' fight on Twitter. <<<<<<<<
I can install it in your machine for 80.00 Full version. Leave me a message if interested
Man do I love COPS, these older episodes are hilarious!
I cried when i first heard #MoreThanThis by <3
Wow, apparently it's more or less impossible to change the font size on Python IDLE console on Max OS? That's ridiculous, cuz it's tiny.
Thank you for the mentions we are so grateful!
Call me Stanley Steamer , I be giving her the pipe !
Victor! My dear, sweet Victor!
HAHAHAHAHAHA YOU WISH!!! :D
Just saw 4 turkeys on the side of the road!! Don't know why but I think they're so cute
Canada Pension Posts 6.6% Return on Real Estate, Bonds
Crew Love <333
I miss San Francisco way too much, especially China town, I guess I'll settle for Panda Express.
Ap reporting lebron will be named mvp Sunday. His third mvp award in the last four seasons.
Wake me up if yu still gon be up son
God bless RT : Ready to get this day started thank u God morning to everyone things moving forward cant stop won't stop
If you combined Lil John and Lil Wayne, would you then have full sized John Wayne?
#CanYouLetMeKnow ahead of time whether or not if you are going to waste my time.
looking for examples of poster judging criteria. Would appreciate advice and links.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY have an AWESOME DAY ^__^
thanks for sharing this resource
Fred you're all grown up now ; ]
C: The language that combines the power of assembly language with the flexibility of assembly language.
When your English teacher actually comes up to you to congratulate you on doing a good job on your paper.
what does mine say about me?
Here we go!
You should have taken this opportunity to redesign the look. This might as well be a throw back.
dude that hologram of Pac is the craziest shit I've ever seen. Seriously gave me cold chills watching it
Mariah Carey gives birth to twins??!!! Oh my freakin' lordy, who gives a fuck?
needs to manifest 2 tree houses, a trampoline, a pool, a garden, some goats and chickens, a lawn mower, and maybe some bikes. Amen.
#Bulls +3 1/2 cash big for me and my clients #NBA playoffs are now 18-4 get on the list afternoon #Soccer on Fri $$$
is it ever cool for anyone lol
but your not more popular than me..?
RIP Davy Jones. Glad I got to see the Monkees perform live last year. Such a great show too. Sad.
awesome! we'll tell you more soon :)
hear the squeak at 0:24? omg I need one now.
That sounds fun!! Hopefully some day we can make that a reality! Thanks!
I am sorry, I am not in a bar to be picked up...back off me!
Presenting today meetup: , , ,
Italian birthday dinner with sissy, crazy Jen and iPod. Yummy!
yeah baby!!! is such a boss
aww why thank you ben!!!
Mitt Romney's history of bullying gays would allow him to find common ground with the Iranians, leading to World Peace.
I love Joss Stone! She needs more recognition!
New packaging for my tropical fragrance soaps!
Follow your own star.
Thanks :) Hopefully the tram isn't too much of a wait. Did some walking last year along strip, thing I'll take the tram this yr
For the intended audience of the general public.
Nah I fly out tomorrow at 825
Would you put up with people you know now if you had only meet them today?
I've had so many gay friends and family around me for so long it doesn't even seem "normal" anymore. It's just everyday life.
Indie horror fans - what are your favorite/most trusted movie review sites in the genre?
Qualities of a moral order are measured by deeds
It started to piss me of . .Lol Im back tho #TwitterPromoteMe Im making the commitment today to stay on twitter now (:
I have never seen a kitchen so beautiful!! Campaign island is out of control amazing!
with wendy for the day ♥
im still laughing from this, lmao
I hope your having a pleasant day.
I'd like to know where other tribal leaders stand.
lol i do that sometimes when i get new shirts!
bed time. so excited to go home tomorrow.
Mike Caputo was also very impressive on defense today. Caputo isn't afraid to lay the lumber at the line of scrimmage.
dreamt was an activist, but for really stupid reasons, and I said a lot of mean things and even now feel bad. SORRY, BRO.
Can't stand seeing dogs get hurt.
Wait, you're leaving? Sad news.
Enjoying delicious memories of tonight's dinner from El Chilango taco truck. $10. 5 soft tacos. 3 happy Vieras.
how long yall been together
Did u see it?
Most certainly, and although I cannot stand Chelsea for how they treated AVB, they deserved to hang on there.
Is the tool freely available to students? Does it allow for collaboration?
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..! :) Please?
I haven't read those (or Tolkien) or seen any of the movies. Whatever you win, I want it, too. :)
Enjoyed meeting everyone at today - thoughtful, engaged faculty. And also meeting and chatting with !
What are you doing for Mardi Gras?
No problem relating, it's a video game, any time you play the character is an avatar of you, reguardless of gender
absolutely will
Hey Milwaukee friends! Anyone know of any neighborhood watch groups that do patrols?
is the daughter of the brightest star in the sky.. RIP Mom ~ I Love & Miss You more with each passing day~ You'll Forever be in My Heart ~
nigga you can't cook
Congratulations to Anna Arencebia for leasing studio apartment at 1420 York Avenue. Great Job!
uhmmmm I'm not in this game I don't think...but um doesn't she like poptarts and watermelon too :3
"For individuals, character is destiny. For organizations, culture is destiny."
dude thats not enough
!!!! Wish I could. Early flight. Give everyone my love! See you in April!
Not sure if it is official but I think the results in MA now make Maryland the craziest state in the union. We're number 1..we're number 1!
Happy Cinco de Mayo (:
TOMORROW night is #FREEFriday @ Mavericks at the Landing. If you want a VIP booth for you/9 friends, email !
A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body - the wishbone. ~ Oscar Wilde
MoneyCatchers.com is a company we work with to bring alternative employment for artists!
hells yeah I'd be terrified lol I have some fucked up dreams I have a severly warped brain lol
So loved San Francisco.....hope to go back some day!!
Alex Riley has a match on Superstars this week!? I'll definitely be watching that :)
Thursday is my favorite day so far this week! Friday better come prepared because Thursday will be tough to beat!
Merry Christmas y'all!
Negative way that would happen is if she stopped by my office. RT omg!! Go get something signed for me! I love
U DNT SAY HE IS STUPID CUZ U KNOW U LIKE HIM...i watch u sleep
I love spending hours on the phone with Such a good man. Can't believe he's mine. :) 3 days!!
Doing Homework & #NP { #UA }♥ it always gets me in a Good Mood
Cheers and clapping from Parkrose teens. No, not at Disneyland yet. Rose above the clouds and saw the sun.
I don't understand the confirmation email that you no longer want their emails- just remove me!
Stern said on another show this AM about "1 & done" "I can't control what college players do"! Really?
hey!!! I've been awesome, how about you? :)
I hate saying goodbye! :'(
Getting a speedy oil change. Counting the minutes til he comes into the waiting room waving a dirty air filter in my face.
Just make sure you stay at a better hotel tonight. Let me know if you need food suggestions.
Good luck with the #AlfaRomeo GTV. I want a vintage Guilia or Guilietta.
Love is a symbol of eternity. It wipes out all sense of time, destroying all memory of a beginning and all fear of an end.
I would make fun of you #medschoolnerds... but I want free doctor bills. You two are so funny!
Nice vs the Yankees
that'd be insane!:O
Live Video & Live Audio courtesy of Doane College is FREE. Must open both links separately and at the same time to Watch & Listen.
i know i am. And your my goofy goober! :)
In bed already. I had so much fun dancing though! Loved the music.
-____- CURSE YOU COMCAST!!! X((
Mavs down 1 with 15 seconds left. On verge of ferocious rally.
I am clueless about the weekend*
thanks! I hadn't seen them post this
Once I'm married, I'll sing my man to sleep every night.
Was at the pool with my sis and the security gaurd comes so we take of hahaha so fun
tell us about your project?
Are you putting a cap on your toothbrush? It might not be a good idea as it can trap moisture and stimulate bacteria growth.
I found my new coffee drink for the winter season!! Thank you Starbucks ;)
I'm ready!
thanks for the follow Blast that info
Good subject... love to hear what pushes peoples buttons...
so good to see you here. Just wanted to say hi and let you know Sweet Debbie's Organic Cupcakes is on twitter. We love you!
whenever you might say somethings "Cool" or " Dope" exchange it with "Filthy" it basically means the same thing.
We see them often out here in Arizona . those and the Turkey Vultures . Once in awile a Eagle as well
Thales~ The past is certain the future obscure.
Who's going to dig a Greek site off the cast of the Black Sea in Bulgaria for two weeks in August? Me! See also, my bf :)
i feel you on that one.
I like the hard shells too. These were next level. Too good.
Missing you guys too. Cheers to your success 2011-2012 board!
just wait until you tweet from the iPad - it's life-changing!!
What is football coming to when I'm more excited about seeing TV commercials & Madonna during halftime than the actual game?
writing two new songs for our split with Dead & Gone, and also doing a weekend tour with them in february!
what email did you send it too?
I'm enjoying these rainy and foggy days.
Hitting the mall with the biddy
writing night tonight :)
If it is the right thing to do, it is your job as a steward of whatever organization you represent.
Hey, try writing about it.
. Not true. Just look at PLoS usage stats. May be true for closed access journals though...
THANK GOD I'M HOME! 1 Swollen & Rolled Ankle + Ridiculous PAIN + Too Many Damn BLOCKS & STAIRS X the #FarRockShuttle bus = FATALITY!
Phone calls. Phone calls. More phone calls!!!! (I can't stop the beeping!)
why wouldn't be?
makes children's wigs for free to give to kids with Cancer so if you are thinking about chopping your locks send it to the Kids!
I'm sure you guys are both great (: and yeah we should !
Eww you're making me uncomfortable.
my pleasure :D
Nf cast member whom is also a member
My truck gave out on me this morning. :(
driving :-). Talk soon.
lol nice! Hope you're enjoying the book :)
Don't be so sure. Every family has a Snark, after all.
Am I the first to question whether needlessly long hypertext w/in a sentence should be interpreted as cyber shouting?
I used to laugh when people would say they PROGRAM websites in HTML and shrug it off, now I sob deeply inside when I read it on applications
More Not-So-Naked Public Square
Im sleepy
Beyonce Dance For You.. How have you been?
The March to a Mil starts here...
is recharging some gear in the United RCC.
Like Yoda I now speak.
I like your style, Amigo
have any duct tape?
"Facebook Timeline," or, "How I made myself completely unemployable."
yes you heard correct! I'm over at Bell Brothers now ;)
#healthtip: Fun, joy and laughter create health. If what you are doing is not bringing you joy, find something else thatwill.
I cant do this by myself anymore
So much for going to Yoga today, instead I get to take a lovely trip to the dentist, stupid crown.
RT This weekend better be good. Ok
Iova: Do you want to go Ice Skating today? Riordan: No Aoife: No. The ice is too slipery.
Watching #doomsdaypreppers...they make it seem so sane and logical...
I was asleep for about 5 minutes before the squirrels started doing whatever they do up there. Beginning to think they aren't squirrels.
Another day of march madness
Excited to be hosting Demystifying the Document Review Process: e-Discovery, Contract Attorneys, and More with Complete Discovery Source o…
Need the weather to get its act together !! and I are waiting for to get us out on the water!! #damnwind!
because I'm canadian and thats from south park?
Reflecting on this truth MT FM corevalues: cont. healing relationships, whole-person orient, compre. care, care in ... context
Sir Charles looks like a banker in his 3 piece suit LOL
I can't send you a direct message because you aren't following me. Please let me know when you have followed.
Nothing like discovering you do in fact have OCD when your stress level goes down by about 1000% simply cleaning your room :P
best Friday of summer!
No community meal tonight.
That is LOVE!
The OTHER NETWORK screenings continue tonight at 6. Odenkirk's NEXT and Carell's HUD start things out. Bar open.
You know she just moved out of Momma's Just went back to college She is my dancer, when she dance I throw her dollars
Oh come on, it's a funny picture. I'm posting the original now. I think if you wana do your own of Zapf that's fair (cont.)
Dear thank you for coming into my life I love you.
wtf lol you're always sick. And yea I think so I noticed he has a donk too hahaha
It's 52 right now in Milwaukee on Jan. 31. No wonder my allergies have gone mad.
I had Alpine Vanilla with a mountain of rainbow sprinkles! cc:
Getting ready to participate in Spine of the Earth!
EP is sounding great!!!! Should hopefully be done mixing this week to have it mastered then duplicated for you all. Can't wait!!!!!
RT : Rest in Love Peace and Soul!
Happy Easter! 🐰
hahahah thank you! I already creeped & found it. I'm sure there is more to the story because it's the dumbest fight ever.
I AM SO BORED!
hm it should be under thephillydog....are you under katklaw9?
What you put into the lives of others will come back into your own. #Firm believer
We want & accept everybody at
Shout Out To My Home Boy Ju Rock KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
Wow! Enjoy the sweat!
How many of you watch Good AM America? That's where I learned about this and became passionate about it.
Excited for tomorrow!! Pj day at school :) Just get up and go to school!!! So tonight I have to get my beauty sleep!!!!
THANKS HE ARRIVED ON 9-29 AT 2;30am 7lbs 21inches long BIG BLUE EYES DARK HAIR WE ARE SO HAPPY
#growth11 Who wins the race: the brand with the most goodwill or the one with the best, most relevant technology? Or, is a combination?
Steve Miller just abused Darryl Baldwin.
My bracket is all messed up...too many underdog upsets! That's what the Madness is about!
New INFO on #Carlsbad police officer arrested. It was for stealing narcotics from department's property impound
time for a mercy killing. for the greater good.
Self-esteem is a huge piece of my work. You have to believe it's possible & believe in yourself.
I go to Bel Air Presbyterian Church!
gum is my obsession .
Check out our New Summer Lunch and Dinner Menus! All Vegan Organic and Delicious featuring more local ingredients than ever at www.blpdx.com
I'm Still Laughing
Thanks again for coming this morning! Glad you enjoyed it! :)
if they do you punch them out! Fuck them.
January 12 I will be camping outside the theater just to watch "Joyful Noise" are you excited? I am. :D
oh no. I was understanding..not saying mine was worse. It can always be worse...
" I got me bitch" - yellawolf
That's E. Claire Acuda Bandersnatch's work, who is in our current exhibition I Am Crime: Art on the Edge of Law through 4/19.
Happy New Year Jemi!
“: Abe Lincoln's birthday today... Says here his teeth were made of wool. Whatta man.” tweets. Whatta man
I always feel that it is a Birthday Season, because, really, why limit it to even a month? ;-)
Someone tell me that sub makes sense. I don't see it. Need a goal and Scholes off???
It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else's eyes.
They tell you not to 'drink and drive'. Well today I was drinking juice while driving my tricycle....... I felt pretty dangerous.
is that the only thing you....nvm
By the way, after 14 point loss at MSU Feb 16th, I thought Badgers were likely headed for early exit in NCAA tourney
Hey folks, are server may have been down all day but come to the Lincoln Storage Warehouse to get tickets at the door for FREAKSHOW!
having more difficulty locating the Chev. Blanc.
hey...do what you gotta do. No one can stop you and you're awesome like that!
Thanks! Hope you like our music! Any love would be appreciated <3
If your parents like your work, your work is getting bad.
RT : You can't please everyone, all the time, but that won't stop us from trying! // always good to try, but know when to stop
Nice! Have a great time!
Aye I Got A Haircut !! Lml
RIP Steve Jobs. Thank you for making the impossible of technology possible.
you know what really grinds my gears... pop ups that make noise but you cant see them!
what's the myth? you want to duplicate your content, and he says no? or vice versa....
Oh! My first ever presidential motorcade!
I would really love if my boyfriend called me tonight.
Hi Anais! If you have any questions about our reports (or what tweets we can access), please let me know. Thanks!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night to Coles! Thanks to Coles! Thanks to the performers & DJs! Thanks to Jami Sailor! It was great!
yo, I really like your music. Im a new artist on reverbnation as well. Check me out at www.reverbnation/JermaineSantiago.
Haha I'll probably lose. But at least I can say I tried
happy new year kimberly!
on my way
can't imagine a better way to compliment the eats n' drinks!
Tonight on Las Olas is the Art Walk, 5pm-10pm! Happy Hour beverages extended for the entire event! Big City Tavern...Best on the Blvd!
Did some custom 5x7 Rooster and Turkey prints this morning and ended up with a few extras. They'll be up in the Etsy shop later today!
Not using my head gets me NOWHERE.
fina teach this dude a lesson on this PS3 in the #platinumsuite lounge
Ugh work 530-e
Lovin at Willie's ranch, 2 parts Alabama, 1 part Grateful Dead with a dash of Dylan. Shake well.
I'm listening to Yankee Bayonet.
divide UR bodyweight by 50%, drink that in ounces/day. Then compensate 4 hotter, more humid days & heavier workouts.
If cavemen had Twitter we would still not have fire:
Last thought of the we morning hour, this beat is really good you can tell by the glare and nod of my head
I did. So amazing. Really really great stuff.
Happy birthday to the sweetest lil lady in the world, my Gigi!!
Lets hold hands n light a candle n sing Simon n Garfunkel RT : Hey guys. Let's get along. :)
Yess could you please help bring them back to Miami?
Sending out a few acceptance letters, nominating for the pushcart prize, and welcoming #submissions with open arms. translitmag at gmail.
Links from other sites to yours (aka backlinks are the most important ranking factor search engines look at. LMK if you need SEO help.
This Wednesday, Dec. 22 -*free performance- 'In Honor of Jean-Michel Basquiat"
flirting with another all nighter...
thanks for putting me in the fun group! Have a good day! :-)
YOUR FUTURE: Today u make a dramatic statement by doing nothing. It's the 1st time you've managed to do nothing in this scenario. Good one
Hit a pothole last night and it "fixed" a dashboard light that had been out for months - could this be a metaphor for life?
You always hate me :(
or is it merely a challenge... :)
literally like can he be my bestfriend
every damn day :) haha
I got that track done too bro, hmu
Why? That's why you have facebook.
does Tom Brady call u the black guy too lol
Parsifal. Thought it far better than other two. Agree meaning more important (or perhaps happiness is found that way)
I can't adjust to something I already am
Yay! Squeaky Clean is in the house washing my windows. Birds beware.
brown looks like he is gonna cry..omg
Yes sir!! RT : Just tuned in to the homies &amp; GOIN IN at the
Please come to an agreement with WISC-TV in Madison, Wisconsin. I'd be VERY disappointed if I end up missing the NCAA games.
Of course you can! We typically send out invites through DMs. Could you follow us and we'll send one over to you?
you have FaceTime?
the song's called no time for you. Found it suiting.
NIALLERR! I hate living in the USA.. I can't meet you.. Only tweet you!
hahah maybe it was me! Or maybe just a figment of your imagination 😳
#PositiveTweet “: When life gives you lemonade... add VODKA!!! 👿”
Why do I always want to cry?!?!
dear corner store. Sell blunts. Not wraps. Sell Garcias so i can enjoy my smoking experience. UGH!
Tightened up the new song "Unable to Miss" as well as added another new song to our set. Were so stoked to play The Chance next friday!
Hospitality Design Magazine Awards Crystal First-Ever Cruise Design Award - Sacrament
spring babies indeed! Congratulations to and family.
#SongsICanRelateTo BTO - "Taking Care of Business"
just watched your graduation video via Facebook posting my MEP2012-er So inspiring! Thanks for sharing it :)
I love you <3
Great time at Folks Fest! I'm playing at the Wildflower Pavillion 2:45 tomorrow! Congrats to , contest winner!
Eating some waffles and drinking some orange juice :) Yum
Soundtrack 2 my life >>>>
Dairy queen :)
Yay, said nice teacher I emailed sent me a message back! Feeling good today.
Join us for Fat Tuesday!!! Featuring The High Kings. Doors at 8:30pm. $27 cover! Tickets available at showclix.com
hey, know of any good heartbeat fx on Logic. I can't find one for the life of me!
aww i feel loved.c;
We're like fire and gasoline
I'll peep it out, thanks bro!
Are you guys going veggie??
Thank you to everyone who helped us get to this point. Stay Tuned for details!!!
Click Like if you are a nutball like me that has a love/hate relationship w the muscle burn post workout!
Watching We Bought a Zoo!! YIPPEE ;D
I can't sleep, so I'm laying on my roof and looking at the stars. Take me away <3
I love you <3
WOW what a great new procedure! It looks so safe and easy.
Kyle is playing air-guitar to Journey right now!
I need coffee. But I'd settle for wine.
or is that mean?
Many sessions pointing to the importance of student control/responsibility in learning.
Tigers dominating the scrum but ref not liking something. Penalty Bath in kicking distance.
It's too fucking bright out here
And also going to hear Bobby Hill give a talk on Garveyism today at the
#RObotz we're extending the contest. we will pick the winner once he hits 73k! the faster you tweet the sooner he gets to 73k!
RT : Great leaders break barriers, bad leaders create them
JUST ANNOUNCED: Two Jews Walk Into A War... has been EXTENDED to March 27th. Tickets at 816-531-PLAY or www.unicorntheatre.org.
Team announces Aldridge underwent successful surgery today. Full recovery expected.
Guilty as charged with the stories!
Does this bold better for Portland to land him even in the short term sense like 2 yrs
That's right! We've got Chico Suave on the Inferno from 10-11pm every night. Don't miss it, or you'll be another one of 'those'...
Sometimes I would like to amputate me knee and get a fake one... But I like having real body parts haha
na, u can just bring them next time u come over
M #Jambalaya, its been way too long!
You are missed at the Ocho...KGW.
And I'll miss seeing you, David!
CATS. CATS. CATS. AND MORE CATS.
yes indeed! I have a new job at JHU! My last day at the Aquarium is Wednesday. I'd love if you came to my farewell HH!
Knowledge is power! ": "if the check don't clear, i'm not here" - "
In NYC before July 29? We highly recommend seeing " / The World Stage: Israel"
POTUS' plan is to let sequestration happen. Because you couldn't get off your obstructionist behind last year!
lol. RT : #OKJoes has me hanging on by a thread right now..
;) lol miss u boo!
nanana, gonna have a good time~
Catch , Beret-Koehler Publishers, up next: Developing a Profitable E-commerce Strategy in Ziegfield
Oh Bo who cares JK or am i LOL
So tired! Good day tho :), someone Skype me :)
Do the guys in the commercial realize they sell Doritos at every grocery store?
Go Blackhawks! Don't forget to use when you're at your favorite bar watching the games!
hahaha from b ball or lax?
ilove this class , only cuss jesus always makes me laugh 😝
lol that's all i've done with the book! I've tried reading it but it just wasn't happening.
I have athletes foot because I'm an athlete
RT : Tea Party speaker at Boca rally tells Trump can be 4 #teaparty movement what Berlusconi has been/done for Italy
The last 3 treets sent from my acct are the Not from my Acct message today - same yesterday and a feb 10 tweet . . . .
- Awesome. Once I am done being an online geek I will revert to my natural state as a board/card game geek.
- The underlining bill erases all the gains we've made from
"congratulations on getting here safely"
I ain't mad at cha👌
Voted on your entry ^^ Good luck!
Yeah happy birthday aka Dior/D'Or!
haha! I laughed a little when I saw that
Google- or Google+ Do we need another Facebook? We will see if Google muscles in on Social Media using their e-mail & search influence.
Thanks for the tweet.
Happy you'll be on your way soon! We'll have your room ready ;o)
Mariano Rivera has a torn ACL. Even though I hate the Yankees with a passion I have much respect for Mariano. Get better soon And heal up
Doors are open! Hope u r on your way if not here already to see your PRD skaters beat Montreal ;)
I'm donzolaaa
hahahaha and were at the woodland mall, we're stalking(;
miss you dude ! Good to see you ! RT“: Man I talked so much baseball thinking about it I missed it”
Hey...are you at #lsbeerfest today? Just saw you OR your doppelganger!
sorry!! already took him!
your dog will be the real winner. Sweet 'do
good seeing you last night dude, keep up the hustle!
Some films are slices of life, mine are slices of cake. - HITCH
Paul Pierce just pulled a Rod Tidwell
I need to eat something besides cereal in the damn morning 🍳🍞🍎
All of my websites are officially ready for tomorrow's SOPA web blackout.
thank you for the keys & usb, Rachel! looking forward to lunch when we all have some time (friday?)
Name that tune - "I can't stand the rain, gainst my window"
lls mean ass
Who has seen the movie the woman in black I hear itz a kick ass movie whatz ur opinion?
☼ Success is a journey, not a destination. Ben Sweetland
Had such a good run this morning - getting so excited for Divas 5K with & !!!
how bout yourself?
mutual feelings ;*
6pm -10pm 7411 West Lake Mead Blvd..Food Court of Las Vegas = 5 diff Street Food Vendors. Come relax on your Sunday night w/ us all XOXO
So far today: witnessed Pam Scott debate esoteric DC history and I sort-of interpreted the history of the Pension Building for Leo Alexander
"are you driving"? - " I made a cup" Playing pong omg haha
People that hate on the heat <<<
LOL I don't know Brooke, sheesh!
I aint nobdy say that n a while
#noyoudidnt jus look at my mom ass
Going to Chicago, expanding business to a diversifying group and scoping out the potential of the residents if they have what it takes!
what did you check in to get this?
100 your beautiful and deserve to be happy. ;)
What business does our government have getting involved with marriage at all? Isn't that between two consenting adults and God?
Wondering if you would be willing to have The Form UK go against The Form from the US. Tell me more about your show!!
is amazing!!! :D
Congrats to Bubba Watson!
I don't think Doug is on twitter. Thanks for the support though!
I have eleven days left! #SUMMER!!!
happy friday anyone!
My brother's homework asked for something that rhymes with purple. I see they're even trolling first graders now..
Now that we have big data covered, who is doing gigantic data?
Can't wait for finals to be over so I can spend a month with
#ff we dont always agree but I enjoy and respect her
Would appreciate it!
200 crunches tonight. on my way to rock hard abs!
finally. friday. lets get through today!
Merry Christmas! Praying for a miraculous healing for you so that God may be glorified!
Read between my lines. /via
Off to the city (:
#howtomakemynight: RT After watching the ACMs, I believe there is a future ACM Award Winner....... ;)
Maybe he's one of the Aliens? Weird.
I bought a fish and named it afta my ex BF then flushed it down th toylit its realy the litle things in life!!!
i remember when i was #InMiddleSchool :)
7, you mean during the first ten minutes, right?
Wonder what's the story. RT Hmm ... getting a bunch of errors at Storify for the first time ... "overloaded" "404" error, etc
ugh alright ill find someone >.<
iknowww....like my friend just started to like him and already hes following her...
thanks for the tweet to the crowd at Syracuse today
Super Bowl 2014 may displace trade shows at the Javits Center-using the space for the media and volunteer center.
ok good I was about 2 have a panic attack ohh… :(
I miss you guys too :( I want to see more new office pics. Also is amber still there?
Had a dream that someone gave me a tarantula and a snake as birthday gifts
Life has everything to show us. It is what we say to life that stops it along the way.
thanks love!
Finals, Finals, Finals!
thant sounds good
And lo, the season of the grading is upon us...
..It is THAT important that u become a GREAT defender. When you improve your "D" u get one step closer to becoming a complete player.
you can apply to any SAS school right now. LACHSA was due in Jan, Beverly Hills doesn't issue out of district permits anymore
agreed. lets start planning a boondoggle for next SXSW. maybe a panel on using analytics for good. 3 of us +2 cc:
great to finally meet you this evening. Looking forward to chatting further....
no, the masses will never care about decent photography - more impressed by Thomas Kincade's bastard spawn, i.e. HDR
That little front pocket on jeans comes in handy at raves.
Dr. Dre & Snoop going on tour w/ Ghostly-Tupac? Matter of time before a corp backs them & Tupac gives shoutout to Norelco Razors on stage.
This is why they fuck with me. I'm no gangster no killer, im jus your average joe.
#NattyBo makin' an appearance on
agreed, it is now done but not enough and take-up is low
Don't forget: today is Free Tuesday for San Diego County residents as well as active military and their dependents with ID! Have fun!
Why is so hot!? Sigh. Lookin' forward to coming back to the states to play! Whoo!
If yo wife ask you to call up 1 of yo niggas so yall can have a 3some... Leave her ass
You are not at the Shabbycat Homebrewery & Craft Emporium, regardless of what foursquare says.
I want to use pinterest more but I can't "create" content for another platform right now. But I'm anxious I'll miss out.
I learned about recently, like what they've been doing. No official affiliation, not yet! cc
Thank you and !
sometimes I do depending on my mood and energy level
I get so annoyed when my directioner friends say 'vas happenin?' to me -_-
": congratulations on the new gig you deserve it" thx. I worked hard for it too
I wish we werent so far :(
your going for the Pacers right?? Lol
the most irrelevant but richest porn star ever
#damn sounds like you have it hard..... lol but it'll get better... and sorry bout last night, #smh i fell aleep lol :)
A bite from the kindest, is the nastiest.
[{}]The VDay 2012 season is open & the HunterVDAY team is ready to get you in the mood...Performance dates 3/1-3/3[{}]
In the east
thanks twin <3
my hair is shedding .
SO ANNOYED WITH !!! #MAGIC are over now put the on please!!!!!!!!!! UGH
Middle finger up to them ex fuckboi's who feel they r still apart of ur life when ur finally happy..
if you think your lonely now.. wait until tonight girl.
Damn it she's alive.
By the way, did you see the poster of TRob in the Lawrence Journal-World's Dec 25th edition? Slamming it home!
was originally with the rap group House of Pain. What Its Like #NowPlaying on
RIP Mark Brunelli...
Ohh :) No worries
I hate when people act like they are smarter than everyone else and then get sassy with you because you make better grades than they do.
Brett Favre 😒 RT : Who was the player, game or moment that made you fall in love with the NFL?
Give up now, or?
