overheard: "yesterday, I was tanning on my patio where it wasn't windy. I looked at that same spot again today, and there was a snowman.
This giant shit sandwich that is my Monday can go away anytime now.
U kno how Cowboy fans are, drafted Morris Claiborne now they bout to win the SuperBowl Lmao
You can imagine my relief when I opened the refrigerator door at work and discovered that the pickled herring is still there.
S/O to my main squeeze ... go follow her A S A P !
#Cake Nook made us a wonderful birthday cake yesterday - tasty!
I have an extra ticket for the X-Factor next Thursday. Who wants to come with me?
we would have hosted it for you :-)
Wow...they're really on Maria about that laugh
Alex: "dad sometimes calls dog poo, dog crap" Mom: "i hate that word" Me: "what crap?" Mom: "no, dog." #LOL x
reading Wikipedia now ...
So glad my Celtics won tonight, now I'd love to see the Nuggets kick out the Lakers!!
Floyd Mayweather Fiance Is Mad Pretty
ikr I dont even believe it anymore. If the boyz had gf they would have told us
To say 'I love you' one must first be able to say the 'I.'
you call it stupid I call it creative thinking
I love you so dang much! You have made a HUGE impact in my life :) I hope you follow me and most importantly NEVER say NEVER!
RIP Adam Yauch. Licensed to Ill will be playing non-stop today
Jonathan is about to eat his first pbj, everyone hold your breath
I mean right, doh
EMBARGOED: When shuttle passes over Statue of Liberty, Jaws pops out of the water with an American flag clenched in his teeth.
I can't wait for the new album seriously im so so so so excited.
lol you been alright bro
so you're either not a baseball fan, or under 10 years old. My mistake, sorry to bother you.
I've made the best pasta EVER!
It's February!!!!! I have to sweat when I walk to and from the library! really?
More picks in action: Cardinals-107 and Angels-167
whoaa dill dill's gotta twitter! :)
Forgiving is easy. Trusting again, not so much
just hope I can keep up with you - set up a #phd daily-writing tracking document and weekly check-ins
There's a feeling of optimism in the air. It really feels like a different year, hopefully everybody channel that energy.
Thanks for the follow. REALTOR looking for good contractor in the Hemet area & a custom home builder in Valley Center, California.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just tell me straight up why you want. Don't play games with me. Tell me what you want or you won't get it. Simple as that.
Tired of seeing your face.
I'm hungry.. I'm gonna go upstairs, and you know..Eat carrots.
Just seen the SWAT team and like 100 cops and 2 helicopters at one house crazy >.< CountryGirl:)
my mind is truly blown!
RT : If one more person mistakes me for Nancy Grace I'm gonna shave my beard. Cc:
Have a great weekeend. Enjoy the BEAUTIFUL weather! :)
going around big time..I'm just getting over it myself..had to get antibiotics..hopefully you won't get that bad..
#Help-I need suggestions for the best club in Chicago that plays rap & hip hop and not techno style music for my bff's bachelorette party.
Such a beautiful day in Panama City Beach!
Learning, Studying,Listening, Mind-Set, Happiness, Decision-Making Skills Will Keep You On Track And Sucessful Through Out Your Life.
that number 15 with Inge above it is annoying
Attempting to locate the sly fox.
: Likewise...before they skyrocket on stubhub.
“: #Aquarians have different personalities, the one you know them by is the one they chose to show you” --- So true..
Glass is so very important, I just can't put a cheep filter over an L series lens. I rarely use UV either. Light is so key.
TY for the update
Right back atchya girl! RT : Had an AMAZING convo. with about excited to be a part of this event!!
Fundraising is not a priority for the National #Movement for America's Children
tired of all this here sugary sugary fluffy nasty valentines crap. don't have someone to call your own? cry yourself a river and get over it
Lots of audio to laugh at - www.kevinkash.com
Not really down with the BART protesters. Like praying, they make a lot of noise while not really helping.
this morning woke me by sitting on my shoulder, and "tapping me out"
I don't care how successful you are now, you don't forget the people who knew you before
Keys to a successful SMT include good outlets, craft food in moderation & knowing nrest - ck back w me in 6 hrs
Let's go Dodgers!!
10 points behind spurs that's just whack arsene!
Brian Dolan mobile health news
why do sundays freak me out so much? depressing day...well its technically monday morning here but boo anyways.
I hate school. like I hate a llamas ass. #detention today. -_____-
2 Good Looking Girls, Dont Know Which 1 To Go After
somebody had to say it.. so.. Call me maybe? ;)
We now interrupt the lazy Sunday schedule for an hour or two of yardwork.
Hey u how have u been ?
This NBA on TNT crew is pretty solid with their Photoshop/meme creating skills.
Just got the biggest urge to take a bubble bath.
Got it. The page is cached (loading outdated information). To un-cache the page hold down the shift key and refresh your page.
Hi Greyson! Wanted to stop in to say hello. My daughter and I very much love and enjoy your music. Best wishes to you always.
is eavesdropping at The Abbey and realizing she doesn't use the word 'marvelous' nearly often enough.
I just wrote an article for dPS to be published soon "Stop whining about your equipment, get out there and shoot!" :)
Come to Rock Bottom Brewery tonight from 6-8 pm! They're tapping their Fallen Angel Dubbel! Proceeds benefit the Juvenile Diabetes Fdn.
Thanks for the info. The Maximillian Urn has a more formal look to it, plus Sterno heat is the way I have to go!
(2/2) Could be part of reason why Dem primary totals pretty close to Walker's total numbers today.
Good meeting about #DHSI2012 unconference (#UC) today. Will be doing the planning M, with 4-6 breakout sessions T/W/TH/F. Will be super [+]
Thank U
Ill be onstage at The Art rocks show this Monday. More info to come!
Exactly. People talk about undeserving Heisman winners, but other award winners are often times even more the result of hype.
Email with your contact info & what you're looking for. I'll make sure it gets in the right hands!
Good luck to you too!
you still my producer?
yay Beauty & the Beast is on Disney... My favorite childhood animated movie :)
#CNNDebate Let's see...three Washington insiders and a governor.
Wondering if Martin will break .200 this season
In the emergency restoration industry, "It is better to know me when you need me than to need me and not know me."
congrats Daniel!
John Mayer, be mine? ❤
9 point game. Boston with the lead. KG playing masterfully.
I like this sayin!
for insights below the media's real estate | financial market radar see a blog I do:www.marylandcommercialtitle.com/blog
Raven nation
was it just speeding or did they get you for something else too?
Are you living life like a rock-star?
Hey, #Carmel and #Fishers, what's your favorite thing to do in Bloomington? Doing travel story for North Mag.
Lol Wendy.....you got caught bitch.
No book talk until 4pm! This is cocktail half-hour only ;-)
i can't find the story on .. will you send us the link? we would love to see it! thanks!
What's the best tweet of the day?
I bet Kentucky could beat the Blazers...
TGIF have a great weekend.
": this is not a tweet" True.
The Steelers have got to be kicking them selves right now. But in true steelers tradition they will be right back at it.
Study Hall was called "Draw-off" because you were supposed to work on to-do list. We played paper triangle football.
you got the point right
Big props to for the great $1 Tax Day deals in DC! About to hit up Hope we didn't crash all your servers.
Autobahn opens in October here at The Renegade Theatre!
Highlights from Tribecon 2011 in the words of 's RT "get in bed with us" #tribecon (CC )
oh.my.gosh. Toews is modeling for Jamal's new clothing line....hahahahaha.
Watching some VH1 show about hits from the 90s, which basically makes me think of 's acoustic rockin'.
If you've already visited that website, change your Twitter password as soon as possible.
.. your a smart young man i'm not a crazy obsessive fan but i'm just a awesome fan. that believes in you with all my heart !
hey sexy bitch. (;
how you been?
Getting ready to go to school...#FML.but only I can make it GRAND
oh my gosh!! IM NOT BLOCKED ANYMORE!!
What country will you all go to??
I've got work to do & this weather is not helping me move further along... 😒
no it's that if I'm going to be late Imma make that shit count not laziness
Dodgers/Lakers won title. Kings landed Gretz in '88 right?
Q5. Favorite travel TV show or movie Why?
all dressed at mchales in downtown with my girly friend Courtney and my love :-) fish and chips! then to part all night long at a 21st
You will become clever through your mistakes. —German proverb #Mental Edge
Happy Mother's Day to my late Grandmothers Mama Lowery and Grandma Morgan. I love and miss yall so much.
Raise it!
let me know if you find any places that are hiring.
Nothing like getting up early and getting in the gym!
Fantastic evening with good music, and voice discovery of the YEAR.
This guy just came in and his total was $4.99 and he had a $5.00 coupon and instead of losing the penny he bought us all gummy worms.
3 steps ahead.. Called it smh.
Hope everyone had a great Easter!
I have an artist that needs a woman and he needs to be cooked for his email is holy-d.com check him out.
Off to recruit night with
Carol Goss of at #COFLA: Lasting change in #Detroit requires #philanthropy to work with public sector.
sure! Good idea.
eek, sorry to everyone who tuned into #GAlivestream. ran into some tech problems (800 ppl on at once!!) we'll send out a recording shortly.
A meeting of Drupal minds at UVA today, web conferencing with the ELMS folks at PSU
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.~Euripides
Fat ass.
you're so cute Tonnie I can't stand it! Xo
I hope you're enjoying your trip <3
While filling out an online app... I actually asked Michael how old I am. And I truly needed help figuring it out,wowza.
RT : make my rock dreams come true! Send me a brand new guitar w/ my brand new #GuitarHero 5
that's a Pittsburgh thing!
Todd I just sent you an E-mail.
did you want to go to Peer to Peer? I sent you an email last week.
We want to show 4 new photos this weekend, which means we need your help. If you dig microbudget indie horror cinema then tell your friends
Just saw Miami leaving the Crescent heading to practice, wanted to give Lebron the finger... but were classy in Dallas.. Take note Lebron
wishing their was a gobblers knob on the Craft-O-tron today and a slot loaded with handmade groundhogs... next year!!
It's going to be in the mid80s today - if you don't want to melt as you jump from yard sale to yard sale - come to our warehouse sale!
Guys.Guys, me and my boyfriend had a fight an I'm not sure where we stand. Then like, 30 minutes later a diffrent guy kissed me. #cheating?
visiting family and will poke around an see for a day. We should hang out!
lol man if I try to hold a note y'all gon be in trouble lol
Oh, today's mother's day? Fuck that. My mom hates me and I dislike her too. When's fathers day?
thanks for the support. Is ispq a startup as well?
A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Mrluga you're right, but I find that people are much less forgiving because you should know what you're doing... and I clearly don't :)
I've broken into our Twitter account and I'm taking you on my adventures with me from now on! P.S. This is Glenn
Its never to early to start #shopping for #Christmas, we have a mini Santa workshop at our warehouse! Check us out
Because Wisconsin took 8 minutes on that possession, they'll now have to foul and hope for misses to win this one.
thank u guys for my bday party!! Amazing night:)
Milk n sugar? RT : Someone bring me Wawa coffee.
WARPED TOUR<3 Oh oh. Get it ;)
Congrats to on their $10K Spirit of Service Award from Deloitte at the Volunteer Impact Awards!!! So proud!
Hot deals for the end of the year! Tweet me to find out more !
We should probaby do some sort of ^N and ^D thing, but to be honest we enjoy the unified voice from nowhere-ish.
So somebody should come visit me at work today..
Probably. Crack one open and see how it smells?
nope. My boys will all meet at the course.
Congratulations to Dominick Kendraw....Currently enjoying his FREE two day scooter rental thanks to winning our January question contest!
Portland Public Schools considers high-tech, super-high-resolution surveillance cameras for all schools. We talk to camera designers
Glad to hear it! I just jumped into the discussion on the blog comment section, by the way. Hope to see you in the Bay soon.
have u got your passport yet?
you better not be teasing, is join you guys in a heartbeat!
Not giving a fuck makes me feel better.
Hey i hear you like the wild ones
no didn't go anywhere, but about to go to Vegas and Jamaica! I know her from Twitter, is a good friend:)
UGH I hate pants
What's needed now is a slow-motion fourth-quarter comeback montage set to The Pixies' Gigantic
Nice Bosh!!!
The neurologist said that 80% of people over 80 end up with Alzheimer's, so be nice to your kids while you can.
Did he really? That's kind of bullshit.
I'm looking for libraries, publishers, authors, and others in the #kidlit space to follow. Any #FF for me?
Hey, just seeing this. No worries - we're connected! Cheers
Ceiling is where the unibrow dies
Dear NYC, your civil jury room is horrible. Even this Ed Bradley video doesn't make up for it.
...which is exactly why we twitch at the the idea of 3 week/4 credit courses. Reflection? Who has time for that then?
I love that place !!
is that an invite only or open party?
Who cares about that and that fat child in your photo RT its Thurman you hateful little red sox shit
I love you alex! <3
two- at I was corrected in the spelling!
While labeling David a “lobbyist,” Brooks never seems to want to tell voters that she herself is a former lobbyist.
RT : RT : I'm at that 'I'm mad as hell and I can't take it anymore point' today A lot of Americans are....
I'll be online tomorrow thou!!
The Steelers should draft a QB before the day ends.
Why do you think they call it boo ? Cuz the sound of these hoes will scare you !
i wanna get on tumblr.
See ya later Monday, you're not all that bad.
Can I get a RT for falling in love with you 1 hour at a time? LOL! Can't ever get enough
how come i never c u drift?
Just read on Drudge about Mexico having 4.9% unemployment and thats with drug cartel violence and corruption. What are we doing wrong?
hey buddy hows everything??
Thanks to Conan McKegg for supporting Gone! Your perk is prepped to go! :)
new info coming in about the officer-involved shooting at a hotel...learn about suspect's condition and charges he faces...at 11
what's new with codecs?
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours! ~ Anonymous
tonight's the third rehearsal for our workshop. also my first time running it by myself. going well so far. should do hw too. or not!
Dear Sun, My skin needs you. Love, Kaycee
ah, it must be #followalibrarian friday. is there a #followanarchivist day? or are those all friday related? oh, twitter--you so deep.
"get off his stick"? Ha! U kidding me! Basically, what we are trying to say is grow up sweetie and lose that line it's 2012!
Yup, weird issues today :(
Lovely art at tonight's gallery First Friday opening. We're open until 9, so there's still time to have a look!
- thought that we could have a chat about our houses, OpOliver etc. will dm you and set something up.
im always hearing"kim, I have a proposition for you?!"I hope the one that comes to me tonight will be the one worth it.....=)
Anne Neal, president of American Council of Trustees and Alumni, to speak at the College of William & Mary - March 14 at 4 p.m., Great Hall
..list of BLVD upcoming releases!! OH WELL (-Melissa)
LOL. Jules would s&*t if Barb showed up! You know she will! Lol. Love it! TBS better pick it up if ABC drops the ball.
I can see Denver winning both at home, but something tells me the Lakers will steal one there, and come back and finish them off in 5
#TeamFMG my Pro Debut! 1callout! Yes thanks and love you very much xoxo
Try our delicious Organic Flavored E-Liquids. Only $14.95 for a 30ml bottle!
sounds like you are doing big things in Hawaii!
*face palm* here too. I hadn't watched CNN since their shot at balanced news. Obviously they're going after the Fox market. Adios.
all fried are gluten free...?
You were the leadoff hitter in the first major league game I ever attended. (May 30, 1976, Tiger Stadium)
Are you feeling productive today? How do you get motivated for work?
Rap friends...any suggestions for new bangers i should put on slacker??
Could you guys hook us with a tag? We've got so much stuff coming soon!
What a strange power there is in clothing. ~Isaac Bashevis Singer
english calss;picked a topic ima write bout people that are not grand, Bullys .
Had a great dinner with the booster club and meeting
Aw, thanks, Erin! I'm happy to help. Haven't had to brush up my Latin in 5 years! Fun!
Paraphrasing RobWolcott at #sccol "In the process of celebrating success highlight the failures that were experienced and navigated"
Back at It's been way too long.
i followed them
Imagine building your political career on hatred of people braving 115 degree desert just to find a job to feed their starving children.
Fine I believe that I am that xP not gunna say it just accept it... YUPPERSXZ
tina fey on snl tonight = incredible. one of the best sarah palin skits she's done.
We are going to upload additional footage to remix. What shots from the video would you like to see more of? Reply to let us know!
i know a kickass project manager interested in gaming/web gaming/mobile if someone is hiring, this person is AWESOME. dm me for deets.
I'm so sick of hearing about , I think I'm gonna puke! Seriously, people!
Turning 40: The Mini-Mid-Life Crisis Guide. Anybody have a copy I can crib?
diging into old demos. one cd from 2000 titled "fear of death". I fear listening to it, because I know for a fact I couldnt play shit then.
Anita Baker on repeat
I like imagining that it's not the real handbook, but is just a recruiting tactic.
Dear #MadMen just stop running the previews. You KNOW they don't make sense and only serve to frustrate us more!
You are all AMAZING! Keep the #MKEDAY celebration coming, but definitely check out what is posting today. BRILLIANT.
your fans #TurnToYou for AMAZING music , and you just gave them more of it <3
I don't know of anything other than verizon dsl, can't give a ringing endorsement of them! I'm without service too
This Xavier Avery kid could be something special for the orioles....
Out with
So I was told that I don't have lots of numbers -___- lol I wouldn't say its my fault I just don't give it out so easily
lol i knt im shy. ill text you ? haha
": This bitch ask me who Junior Seau is on facebook, that gets not response back" the fuck someone not know Junior Seau
This show is ridiculous.
Just need 2 stick 2 what I've been called 2 do & leave some quality time to spend with my God everyday!
I thought you didn't know who I was so I said nothing! You shouldve said hi.
Happy Mother's Day! Enjoy tomorrow with your family & Mini me! You are truely appreciated and I am a proud Demetrian! :)
ignoring me because i didnt know what to say...yea thats nice...
Watching blades of glory. Omfg I love this movie.
good is the enemy of great, the vast majority of companies remain just that. good, but not great- Jim Collins
5 y/o boy: "This store has EVERYTHING. Honestly, what more could you want in a toy store??" #ThanksBuddy!
She use to stress him, find ways to impress him...Now she think less of him and wishes the best for him. ~Jermaine Broadnax.
Watching Newt is like watching a precocious child get caught in a fib
Money in the bank > money in my pockets.
ah best night ever! hooters, movies, two parties :)
Come on Rangers kick some ass today, gotta step it up #dodgersblow oh and
making a homemade blanket!
#WPA11 "two year colleges are writing programs, they don't have writing programs" what is this citation?
Why so quiet? You know that what happens in N'awlins doesn't stay there...
you may have seen on fb, but it's Michigan state :)
43k going to 1/2k. Been real patient but things are going terrible today. Would love to find some run good. moved to my right.
This time im serious, goodnight!!!
I know, right?! lots of free printable goodies to use for visuals! :)
RT : There are about 160 analysts at the #Huawei event, combination of financial analysts and industry analysts covering...
People with obvious, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than people without them could ever imagine.
What's the word on the NFL lockout? #nfllockout?
Amen ! RT : Its been worth it all... Everything I been through, its been worth it all...
Mandamus is a "one time order by the court to force public officials to perform their legally designated employment duties. Fla.
Dick Cheney has heart replacement, immediately renounces Iraq war and calls for closure of Guantanamo Bay
It's for the best. Every thing is going to be okay. ♥
Straight brutality with
What is your favorite civilization to study?
Next weeks specials at the #ChicagoSoupCompany include #ChickenNoodleSoup and #ItalianPizzaSoups! Tweet if you want to place an order!!
lol I have another picture that's funny as fuck
so would you be getting dressed IN bed...?
You'll never understand a quote until you've lived through it ♥
not all the way-just have to make sure it doesnt overflow-love the liquor store run-what are you drinking?
thank you for following maxwell. look forward to reading your tweets.
No. Way. I so gotta try that!
imma take pictures.
smh.. I know.
I have an old records book (NHL ISSUE) from 1986-87 I think. Would you like if 4 ref material?
with her!!! Absolutely!
Tell me that Dexter gets better... I'm a couple episodes behind and man... They are losing me! Such an incredible series but, is it fading?
Beer is proof that the good lord loves us... RT
you need to go to teen hoot! I just looked up your videos. and subscribed. (:
Metta should b suspended! at least 10 games..i f that was a accident then J.R. Smith dnt have tattoos!
I want football to start agian already...i'm eager to see how well the Colts do this year even though they have alot of new players
Clever ploy to get me playing EDH... just might work.
Started Tempo Run with at 6:39 PM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
: Behold the turtle. He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out. Conant, James B."
Who remembers sailor moon
did u ever go to sobs?
Pavelski had a goal, hearts of chicago were breaking - then the refs came to their rescue!
I finally learned how to do a fishtail braid!
I enjoyed "Don't Forget Me" from last night's Smash. Great reprise of stage show.
Hi Dave! Rock on is right! :)
I get called a nerd for correcting peoples grammar. There is a difference between its and it's btw.
thanks for the retweet. will you be in cannes?
That's awesome! (Can't make out the word under the eye - know what it is?)
hopefully i get a new skateboard soon! #PleaseDad :D
miss you too friend! Yes, soon! How was 30hour famine??
bring both boards :)
...make it work.
Ugh... this book is boring af and i like reading.
thanks 4 the follow
Delayed response--you (& your mom) were fantastic! RT Speaking at Harvard Club Chicago tonight. About Dickens - and my mom!
The weekend is here! Let's get this party started!!!!! Great specials.... H/C and color- $100/start. Call for more details!!! (619)338-8111
H gives Paul Heyman's ghost the Vulcan mind meld, throws down the mic like a bitch and we head to commercial.
I'm so glad!! Is there a way to interact with them?
Man, do I have a headache or what?!!
What a beautiful day in Vancouver ...
DC: On 11/2/2010, the residents of DC will elect a mayor for the next 4 years. Who oh who will it b? O, the suspense?!
#twitter can be a cold, ugly, mean place.
my cloths were on all night!
New Jana Winderen 12" is breathtaking, but the quacking is freaking my cats out.
pshh you are!(:
Wow another beautiful day in the chuck
not funny:(
I really dont have anything to tweet about this am.....sorry
What is on my mind right now? Love, falling in love, making love ,unconditional love, and eternal love.
I have so much to do this week. Already #stressed 😁
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul. ~ Douglas MacArthur
Wait you have a boyfriend? I couldn't tell by all the facebook posts and tweets
More amazing sponsors: Make Change Trust, The JBG Companies, Singhal & Co. Tishman Speyer
Sending love to our founder as she premiers her documentary today!!
Check out #channel7 tonight at 5!
Season Finale of Switched at Birth hellz yeah (:
fuck you, Ima just text Danny because he's sweet and nice to me c:
Today's #CovertTU word: ACORN – slang for someone who is performing an intelligence function.
I'm sorry, I won't be able to make it! Next week is going to be crazy for me.
#ireallywant Believe tickets.
give Tommy my number, k?
thats a foursome. like golf
Happy Thanksgiving to All from www.FreeXpedia.com
We're at the 2012 #NBIAConference! This great, and the pre conference is filling up quickly... Good thing we got seats early!
no u haven't foo
I love podcasts. I love & & & I could listen to podcasts all day. That's all.
Omg wear shorts OR leggings. Don't wear both. If you're gona wear both then just wear PANTS.
so I am not very good at tweeting yet, but it was a good thing. It meant my baby-sitter didn't have surgery
All this talk about OKC not missing shots makes me glad I didn't see that game.
J-E-T-S Jets Jets Jets! Celebrate last night's game with a tough workout at Velocity!
Style Matters: Earth Day causes; party with Tori Spelling; new Sephora locations
I would date you so hard and marry the shit out of you!
RT Dell to deliver purpose built products for education and other areas via end user computing
I love how #knicks fans are chanting "asshole" when #Lebron screws up or complains to the
peach ciroc and Patron
That feature is the reason I have to set 3 different alarms.
Youu Gotta Act Likee A Woman , But Think Likee A Mann , !
How's it going today ? 
Ha. Thanks. Still waiting….
What's going on (:
Happy Saturday!
...the whole fairy tale myself, because nobody wanted to put themselves on the spot by interrupting me and having to take over.
No Browns in the top 10! This is outrageous! I was sure Jake Delhomme had it in the bag!
Google Listen on Android needs a share button. Episode 239 of This Week in Startups is awesome.
Skrillex at the Grammys. Wow. Never thought I'd see the day.
I rrally like how you're laughing at what I'm wearing because
it's ok we could talk to each other about it if you want.
Good morning and Happy Friday! Wow. What a fun night. Still feeling it.
I know, life is hard.
aye what can I say Just like the old song goes "baby I got what you need";) hmm just wait tell next week your all mine ;)xo
Maine inbox me jamal number
RT “: No Regrets. Just Love.”
I grew up in the Bay Area. We had spiders, but no roaches. I've been around them in Arizona & New Orleans. My nemesis
Looks like is going to be on Fire Tonight!!! Lets Rock!
unfortunately we would have to buy separate groupons for the photo shoot :( I think I'm still going to do it tho
worthy joining your DL!
After almost 3 months living in the East Bay I'm sticking w/my original assesment: Ya'll re-HE-ly can't drive fer sh*t.
I love chick-fil-a 😍👌
So I think the roomies daughter and her friends have figured out a legal way to drink. They faking coughs for a hot toddy fix. Lol J/k
In my Miss Robbie voice if it don't make money it don't make sense. Just got my check. Instead of spending it on bs I'm paying off debt!
wait, did you just say something nice about tt?
-you have some righteous , cool music!
t-minus 33 minutes til bagel club. that's 35 minutes too many.
Mortgage Insurance | News and Tips
that smell loud as hell...
#18 im so scared to tell people how I feel.
I was happily power walking today!
Did have A LOT of drinks at your partay?!
“It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.” - Henry David Thoreau
Thanks! I'll be tuning in as soon as I get off the circ desk in 15 mins
I'm serious! No one makes albums like this anymore. It's all about singles and bullshit. I'll see you + on tour!
Nice work.
Thanks, and thanks for sharing!
Go follow--------> for a #followback from me.
Anyone else's legs fall asleep after 2 much time on the toilet and then have to hobble out of the bathroom like you just got a spicy enema?
lmao wonder how they do him in there?
Cooking up something special in headphones
Whether you call it a challenge or a problem it is still an upstream thought.....go with the flow.
#Kony2012: Supporters say it’s inspiring a new generation of activists. Critics say it’s oversimplified. Who’s right? & does it matter?
Rise & Grind people!!!!
it does look flipping sweet. Excellent presentation as well
Yes, there is a ROSTER at Faneuil Hall, does that work for you?
Thesis is at the printer. [twiddles thumbs]
LA as well. Most places do. Look up!
You stupid, aren't these work hours tho? *switch modes* RT Open yours...RT : shut yo mouth!
excellent - #teamluau. Hill, Zan, check w I'll start making calls about the piggie. Break!
Still processing last nite...
Thunk! My 616-page mystery catalog from Restoration Hardware.
they playing against the vikings.
Be my guest! Aggregate away. ;-)
is the best sister ever! :) and i guess is a pretty good boyfriend! :P
Come and party with the kids
Thanks for the RT. BTW - Love the Meatless Monday pairings column!
Try a Gruner Veltliner from Austria. Considered the most versitile food wine in the world. We will see District of Wachau best
Beautiful day out
Render here. Render there.
why are those words mutable and not the other? Why not rewrite the end to suit? Is changing characters names okay?
...need to find my happy again...
That's awesome. Ole Rida Crispers would never burn as I drop a deuce
"Its better to be supporting cast in a great movie, then lead in a mediocre one" M. Damon. - I think this applies to life too.
My dinner (yes at 2am) was abandoned in the microwave. Don't even care. *flailing*
they're called "feelings" -- don't catch em...
what's o.n.e. Twitter bro?
can't wait!! See you soon!
15% OFF any meal over $7 at Leola's Crab Shack! Only w/ a
Yeah, I call it how I see ya I wish I never met ya, i wouldn’t wanna be ya <3 lil wayne
A huge thank u to and for the awesome #FF shout outs! Have a super weekend!
melanie? i like this name :)
The Spurs and the Thunder series is going to be crazy...that is, if they get to eachother.
Good 2 C U again Hope U have a Happy Birthday Bro! 15 is #Real enjoying every minute of it. Great success in
#BieberOnTheVoice Gotta watch my boy:)
Espeacially since its so hot here, most of the guys here are SHIRTLESS!!! :D
Very funny - that airs Sat AMs on PBS in LA along with HR Pufnstuf
Appreciate you following us. Hope all is well down in #Iowa!
I wonder if brett favre was fined 10K per inch?
RT : A new waterfall was discovered 2007 in northern Peru that is 3 times as high as the Eiffel Tower....
New data from Nielsen Research suggest that DVRs and streaming content are reshaping the TV landscape. The firm says DVR viewers aged 18 to…
RT : Contact Pelosi & Reid ASAP. Demand they appoint progressive Dems w/spines to Super Committee
Thank you!
im working on my video so i cant support the team but remember this is only game one
You could say that life itself is a stupid tradition. Don't analyze it. Just go. -Pretty in Pink (1986)
Thanks for the Christmas card, !
Who wants to down beers tonight
hey young lady! ♥ how's your day so far? :)
Love the sound of rain on a window.
lol! Tell your mom THANKS from PPSS :)
be sure to order the Ahi!
Sending 3Bet gear today to NV, MA, AL IL, NY, NE, CA, and MI. What states are next?
A producer is interested in our newest comedy about vampires....It's a movie you can really sink your teeth into~
Absolutely! But a good morning. :)
job. I work at the St. Louis Science Center. It's fabulous....a bit like Mke. How did u end up back in kc? Ur from MO?
never lose that
Lol my dad won an iPad at Gametime last night 🙌
Bryce Harper is the real deal
Heaven forbid, don't force yourself to watch any more Tar Holes stuff than is necessary!
Life gets hard at times, but you just have to push through it and have a positive attitude and you can make it through(:
RT - Good to see the New England Patriots got up over the Miami Dolphins today! Good start
Found a Chick Tract at the gas station!! #Atheist score!
nice- good one....
What will today bring ... i dont know but ir gone be or it aint gone be
Trust no one.. ✌
Scratch Tablez requires midi yoke and pure data installed and make sure in traktor midi yoke is set for ur incoming midi controller
Customer Satisfaction is Worthless, Customer Loyalty is Priceless
Getting all the paperwork ready to bring with me to Mary Bridge in Tacoma for Lillie's appointment tomorrow.
at #myY my fellow lifeguard sleeps
Our staff fortune teller has informed us that our futures hold grills, Bock beer and marinated meats.
Hey guys! I need ur help! I need to know where to go for more good food and music!
Happy sat tweeples! It was a long week....glad the wknd is hear!
good morning! So happy i got tickets to see the online shows !! Xx
I loved the stickers!
LOOKING FORWARD TO CHECKIN OUT ALL THE COSTUMES TONIGHT AT KLUSOZ!! VIP SOLD OUT FOR ALL YOU WONDER WOMEN!! PEACH CIROC TONIGHT!! YUMMY
I need to start saving my pennies & then if you want we can talk about me taking a vacation to come visit you. Xoxo
Still need 100 followers by Monday..
If you see this, it means I can't figure out how to delete a draft tweet on my ghettophone.
Creating an opportunity, who needs design services?
well i tld u he would probably feel some way but when u love somebody u let nothin get in the way of u guys lovin eachother
I thought id feel somewhat better today, seems like I feel worse. Ugh
Finish finals this week, so excited to start up research full blast again! You?
Who wants to do a tinychat with me any MAOHMIES want to?
happy belated birthday keep grindin brother
#ToMyUnbornChild BS IS NOT ACCEPTABLE. ONE ONCE OF BS WILL NOT BE TOLLERATED AND WILL BE HANDLED W/ BUTT WOOPIN'.
We are an army of 2.25
Ah, New York East, the ballroom of microphone interference.
4th Ward Rockers series presents a tribute 2 #PinkFloyd by w/special performance by show starts @ midnight Free
Nolan's shot in the majors has come and gone. He had his chance.
I been that nigga
When it comes to making a decision, how quickly do you make up your mind and how slowly do you change it? This can tell a lot about you.
Hey talk to me
Hate this! RT : Increasingly, links on Facebook require you install an app to read an article, watch a video etc.
One more follower will make it 2300 today....My Birthday! Thank you! Please retweet!
Great! RT : I need to get on that soon! I'll have to go pick some up!
I would take that, in a heartbeat.
I have learned to be content in whatever circumstances I am in.
U not better than me
I Know. I can't believe we havent talked in so long. Anything new?
Just watched #sourcecode - great movie, worth watching...
A FUCKING AM!
1 more hour !
Everything is great!!!
Breakfast + wake & bake
TWITTER SPAMMED WA
what happen? :(
Chicks Dig TIme Lords. 1 of the panels at Archon 34. Torchwood back next year! Who is yr Fave Doctor Who? www.romanceinthebackseat.com
i love you too (: and you are very welcome you ungifted child <3
YOU are so kind!!!
if it was "Jersey Boys", even the children should have enjoyed it! #supportthearts. Hope you have a great Mom's Day
I wonder if anyone missed me?
Congrats to winner of our free pass to #androidopen 2011!
he's grown up and RT this if you've know him since March 2011' , I did <3
get some rest :] x
What an amazing deal!
#ff & HUGE thanks your support – YOU ROCK ☺
I am tired of being a f*cking babysitter to grown people who should be able to take care of themselves.
Thank god tomorrow is freakin friday! And I'm going out of town too! #happy tweet :)
Thank you! We would love to have you come by sometime--we like your blog!
Morning cruel world...sleep walkin to work...story of my life.
Some (all?) conversations should not be held in a bathroom. (HR related especially.)
You know how sometimes you drink and you're fine but other times you drink and you have to piss like a thousand times? wtf is with that shit
Hah noo I'm definitely not, but it was great! A bunch of fun :]
Ok, retweet the other one now. :D You know what one I'm talking about.
Our pleasure :) RT : Thank you for following
You can kiss my ass..nvm how bout you kiss my clit
So, Fox News is really calling Pres. Obama introducing his mentor Breaking News? Clearly, they are NOT ready to deal w/Race in the US
Not having to look for parking is worth every biohazard I'm exposing myself to on this bus right now.
stop trying to be me
Email from Twitter: "Here's what's happening on Twitter". Mimicking the likes of
"Oh when the WIZ go marching in"
Eva Longoria should get back at Tony Parker and start dating Tim Duncan
About. To go practice for tomorrow.
Don't tell me... Beyonce?
I just wanna move already ! ! !
5 days remaining until the photo shoot w/ styled by ! The #BellargoBoy model line up is crazy!
thanks for the follow back!! You made my day <3
Yaaayyyy!!! Blonde Highlights here I come!!!
eye tv on Mac
1st Revolution Growth investment icreating a marketplace for govt to save significant $ & huge oppty to expand -
Where has God been working during the day in your life?
I tried talking to you but ur always so fucking aggressive & jealous & I don't talk to guys on Twitter I'm just a cool person
I bet ur just as sexy in tight jeans and a sweater!
Absolutely! Keep me posted.
The iPhone autocorrects 'bandcamp' to 'handball' so don't go to interstates.handball.com. It sounds dirty.
Everyones gettin tatted right now, so jealous but i have other priorities atm.
Bjørnshauge: EU It's complex, only part of Europe, many EU funded projects promoting OA esp. at policy level
Check take out menus in Koreatown...pretty sure I had it down there last June. YUMMO!!!
It all sounds delicious!
How the fuck am I lost in porsmouth? Ive lived here my whole life....
i think sjp is aiming to replace morgan freeman as narrative & commercial voiceover champion of the universe.
RT : Did you know you can text the library your research questions? Just text askcook to 66746 for instructions.
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. - Walter Bagehot
Can't even rent a car “: Like...what...our point total is going for 24 so it can't be on its parents health insurance anymore...”
RT : State of Modern Journalism. RT : Apple's Earnings Call Features ZERO Questions About Lost iPhone.
RT : Just got pulled over for being on the phone.. Got out of it by sayin i was reporting a drunk driver.. Haa ;)
what do you mean by red alert
“Diligence is the mother of good luck.” - Benjamin Franklin
Ryan Braun is first player to ever hit three homers at Petco Park. He is also first player since 1975 to hit three home runs and a triple.
RT : "The purpose of life is not to win. The purpose of life is to grow and to share. When you come to look back on......
Representing GA at nlld tmrw. If you have any stories you wish to share, please send them.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? ..
every day I hang out with my nephew seems like the best day. ;)
her mom didnt kill her. She has been cleared.
Clocked out now going home !!
Its not how you go down in flames, but how you rise from the ashes:)
probably not the best time to finish my research paper, but I'm getting this shit done
Did you know we currently hold the title for the Best Happy Hour in Columbus? Come join us to find out why.
#puttwowordstogethermakeaninsult brit-fuck. you squeeze two british people together...and...well you get the idea...
We're putting together an article of places to go for good crawfish - let me know your suggestion and we'll add it.
I got a new one. I booked the first one from okc to Indiana..... Yeah. Hahah
I can't wait for the Heat-Mavs series to start tonight. This is going to be a great NBA finals.
Almost off work!!!!
prom. graduation. graduation party. . . all that means to me is how much money I have to spend lol
Life is what you make of it. Being negative all the time is a waste of the life you could be living and definitely takes too much energy.
I knew the first lady on #Scandal was aware of The President & Olivia. No one is that blind! Nice move
will be out looking for first 25 good women to join & support #iMentor women's committee this spring. details to follow.
#thevalueofafollower what does your company gain from a follower.
I had just gotten into EXILE when that song came out. And I was already a big fan of GLAY. They're really good rock.
Going back to Paris. Paris. Paris. Going back to Paris...now to shoot the REST of the arrondissements.
this bout to be incredible 2013 need to hurry up so we can hear that!
Can animals commit suicide ?
I believe every truth you tell!
i wish u would say hi to me im just a big fan of ur ur so beautiful pleaze say hi to me at least love david
crap still not 1 more person has followed me
I just friended you, I promise it wasn't on purpose :)
Kittens, kittens, kittens! #inmabackyard c:
This 9-5 stuff wears me out, ready to slack this weekend!
Who remembers those round fries with the smiley face? I used to love those
Never mind,gonna talk on the phone first lol
I showed him what it was lyk to be with a real #Boss aha(;
Thx, Shay! RT just read about Museum of African Diaspora on nice! =)
white people with lil wayne tatoos
Lawn Mower Beer - Any beer that is cold, wet & refreshing; guzzled quickly after mowing your lawn on a hot, sunny day.
Yup, has officially decided to not chill today... LoL. This makes me happy.
Ate way too many Popsicles which resulted in a very upset stomach and 2 plastic cuts on my lip =/
just take some deep breaths abby, I know you will do fine. the more you stress about it the worse you will do
Big thanks to Boneyard, Tao, & Anonymous Willpower for being on The Shakedown tonight! Support Rochester Music!
What it do lol
Seems to be a digit off... RT : People used to call an 800 number to get info on recruits?
thanks for the PR lol
u can bring ya boy
I am good, how is the new cd going? I want to get a chance to here you perform again.. Give me a ring when you can to keep me up
I'm not a smoker but I'm DEFINITELY about to blow these trees down today
Just left launch readiness review; lots of #rocket scientists. I didn't understand a word! But they are launching rocket to replace
Real Housewives of ATL promises to be big on drama but is short on southern belles & hospitality.
RT : Venus stations retrograde at 7:33 AM PST this morning, moving backwards (clockwise) through the sky until June 27th. h ...
Congratulations to Dewy Brooks and Susan Sternberg, First Night Austin's new President and Vice President!
Hey Columbus Campers, don't forget to fill out you #THATCamp Columbus feedback survey! Check your email inbox for a reminder soon.
Loving May already #feelslikesummer :))
Sounds like there maybe an issue with eligibility MT : ...Cody Dent looks to break his record in the year 4023.
Many months went into developing this software to get it where it is today. I can finally see light at the end of the tunnel. I'm so close.
Nice to meet you at #iste11 George. I hope you recovered your voice. :)
wishing all of you the very best of luck on your final exams!
RT : LOL!!!! ok..battle for the best quote "there's a cat in my stream"
OK SWEET LIPS LOL
they asked did I wanna b off...
Getting checks in the mail >>>
Printing and assembling invitations for the lovely bride to be !
RT : Happy Birthday, William #Shakespeare!
Newman sucks, nothing to see here NFL.
Good Morning! Please DM a contact#. Id like to speak w/you soon. Thanks
. Hello .. thx for the follow! You have my dream job...#RePurpose what an awesome business. Have a great week :)
aww miss u too and hopefully soon!
If you don't know who the Taliban is but you know who Kim Kardashian is, you're doing it wrong.
#BeastieBoysmemories needs 2 trend / we all have tons of things we did after seen what kinda of kick aas stuff they did
Trying to move some things around on my calendar so I can attend some events.
Will.I.am dropping thoughts on health care at Soho House
If there was an game show for lyrics id beat everyone except .
#webwise data preservation is an exceptionally important unsexy thing no one wants to do
what up, cricket?
Do you mean May 9, or Thursday?
I don't know if u noticed when he licked that chocolate off her leg... YES LOL
Did you stop by and see us at the #NWWeddingScoop? Want to try more flavors? We're open until 8pm today!
DougCo Sheriff's say Chris "Birdman" Anderson been under investigation by internet crimes against children unit since February.
Thanks for the mention!
": “: once again I'm your boss, Haha.” your a great boss" It's you're not your...
how old are u?
Theres no hope he called him justin mahone D: Watch him walk right past him and not even say anything fdhfksjfka omgg
MCA, Junior Seau and George "Goober" Lindsey....rule of three people.
HELL YEAH!
Hola! Ever in DC again?
a foodie's fling...pop-up dinner tonight. Find out about this latest dinning experience on 9News at 4pm
are you serius bro mr.awesome zack ryder gets no us title match you should get one woo
Grafton: Average person reads on cpu screen in an F shape; you read with pre-frontal cortex - not good for long-term memory.
Ugh missed church cause of dis hangova have me wakin up late
stay with it my man were behind you, 12-4 sounds good my man
Easy: The Dark Knight Rises, Brave (it's Pixar!), Total Recall, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, Amazing Spiderman
If anyone has a working link to 's "A Boulevard Called Chagrin" article, can you send it this way? SI's link doesn't work.
I am thinking about getting a Honda Civic 1.7 CTDi S for a new car!
I'm thinking it works best to use it once or twice during the semester for a small group, to mix things up a bit.
Finally got my license that I ordered on March 12th.
thanks for the mention :)
Working on PayPal pro. Would that work for you?
#3wordsBEFOREsex hope this works
you are silly
sad you didn't give me pizza at the game :(
I want a motorbike. No, I need a motorbike. With my lack of depth perception, driving cars is stressful.
Ramp tacos were fantastic. Had button mushrooms from my box instead of oyster but otherwise pitch perfect.
I want the LA clips to beat the grizz
thanks so much
you're thousands of girls role model for some reason, you'll make it thru this, you're a strong person <3
would give it to u for free but I'm in grind mode, gotta get paid!!!
Need some more followers!
Good sex needed. O.o
haha original yet beautiful! Alicia is one gorgeous beauty :)
Pick-Up Line: Believe it or not, gettin' laid is still hard when you're this good-looking
Haha yeah! Really! When! I went to your house too! #PsychoMuch <-Hehe(:
haha! I love you Lux!! I am sure loves you too. He better!!
Hey, I just met you, and I'm pretty sleazy. So here's my number, call me I'm easy.
You and me both!
For years I put him second place but now his #iLoveYou improves our fate!!!
be honest, did you eat those 3 spam baos yourself?
Ughh I really wanted to go to dolphin :(
"all I wanna do right now is get me some chicken!" 😂😄😂😄😂
Great! Glad to hear it.
"THE LAST SONG" BY NOW PLAYING ON #JACKIESPEAKSSHOW WWW.URBANLATINORADIO.COM
can't believe I just heard of you and your band today. You guys sound awesome!! You have a great voice!!
#media99 Armoudian: news across borders, Wikileaks, Scholar's Circles, her book Kill the Messengers.
Listening to a mumps pitch at
I know right! Poor thing, probably worst dress at the Met Gala
I said in certain situations it makes too much sense. But if your best reliever is RH, who cares? Use him no matter splits.
Did i ever tell you how much you are to all the #ICONiacz #RNGeezies And EVERYONE.. We all love you ... <33
Hehe. Congrats on beating the royalty!
#PhDStudentPanel: I love the 'new book' section at library. How will this work with eBooks?
Is it kind of sick that I don't want to wash my cheek because it has 4 British and 1 Irish kiss on it??? Fxck.
skyping at # padcampli innovation comes in time of challenge.Innovation and depression seem to go hand in hand
Reading an amazing book of adventure, strength, peace, and humanity--TO THE LAST BREATH by Francis Slakey, out May 8th.
thanks for all the RTs :)
and Have I got a surprise for you! unless you already got the email...
and oh yeah what the hell Starbucks must you use those little bugs for food coloring? why do u need food coloring in coffee beans anyway?
I do remember uncle Jesse. You can't b him, but u can b one of the rippers.
Great to see you! I thought was great. Those farmstand-library partnerships looked like great fun.
This is so going to be an outing next year...
Life is like an ocean. Some of the waves are small and playful, some are huge & come crashing down, but they never stop coming.
it is now!
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing : Saying "Anything I can do to help", without any intention of actually ever helping.
When I first saw it, I was like: "Romain Gavras' MIA vid completely ripped off my droog !" My droog agrees!...
just picked up surround sound speakers for my home theater. i need to pick a blu-ray. choices: jim gaffigan or avatar. yup i said it xox <3
Good luck. Let me know how you go!
The Hotel Derek appreciates you!. Returning guest should ask about the special rates and inclusions.
If your on a #team be the #leader. Not the
If only people put .1% as much effort into going to our shows as I put into tweeting about our shows! haha.
its so nice out
she got the nerve don't she lol
I wonder if I could write a Twitter bot that, throughout the course of each day, would tweet a poem of significance in little chunks.
why does everyone seem to think scholarly journals don't have ads?
Feel like giving trouble tonight :D
straight up thas wat im sayin wat u gon do bout it nigga!;): are you implying that I don't know what i'm doing!?!?!?:o
Yea wassup I wanna know, I know most of the story but not all..
Cubs have had exceptionally placed shifts all year. Sign of very good advanced scouting.
this bar is filled with men.
Can't wait to see our ecofriendly products on next Wednesday during the 9:00 hour! Tune In! #ecochic #design #fun!
ahaha, have you heard that song?
Lots of you curious about soldier suspect's brain injury and deployments. We're talking to Tom Tarantino, our friend from at 3pET
that is really stupid...really
Congratulations to on her new home!
or better yet, jest before checkmate starts whistling farmer in the dell
we'll thumb wrestle over this. Shits getting real
thanks for the support. What a great week.
It's Saturday!! RT : I got a big weed stash, pocket fulla cash, just seen a big ol' ass!
When you start to question the spelling of basic words in your vocabulary, it's generally a sign it's time to put down the phone & go to bed
I feel like fish.
Mr. Mayor, I ask you in all sincerity: What have you accomplished as Mayor that makes you a better choice?
I stand corrected: the travails of air travel are enthralling
A walk with mindful of thoughts
i was pissed so i drank a monster and ate chocolate and now im hyper as fuckkkkkkk
that was the the peak of amazingness
You sure that doesn't just say more about your colleague?
“: tebow to the jets, is this true? Is this good news for the roncos? #jets #broncos #nfl” good move
This is interesting: & the champ right now on
- The gang from were phenomenal. Our families LOVED their meals. Thanks, chefs &
Beth is cool
anyway, think it would be ok for an 11 year old. fair amount of violence, but no gore. a friend said he would take his 10 year old
hey you, where are you?!!!!
#nowplaying your call-Secondhand Serenade
Dear Karma, I have a list of people you've mist
Damn you Diablo I with your "Servers are busy" and "Request timed out"! LET ME IN, I have demons to slay and Phat Lootz, to collect
So the time changed and I wished that I'm in bed....
No doubt, girl. No doubt.
It's nice to have the weekend off.
#liber2011 EEB: ah, beautiful images of scanned manuscripts, woodcuts, bindings, annotations, text. Appeals to the rare bookie in me!
my TL forever moving probably over looked you sorry lol ..an you should've but I can believe it they go after the ladies
You're welcome! Glad you liked it.
I'd rather be alone than unhappy.
I have about 10 loads of laundry to do today. #Yayyy!
Only 2 days until What Happened In Vegas and more at ilounge! Come like our facebook page, were giving away tickets @ midnight.
that's the one!
I WISH
Guess who? Chicken poo.
Yes! Last night I hung out w/ Below, Benoit, G$, Valverde, Dirks, all the Fox sports familia and more. It was a BLAST!
you got that you welcome .....
What kind of prizes would you like to see for #TacoTrivia this week?
I love the seniors ❤
dude how one we've never talked! We should! Hit me up next week.
I have no plans for tonight.. Hopefully something will come up .
Thanks brotha RT : Happy birthday to my brother yo
what does that mean
You light up my life. You give me hope. You make me want to throw up. Debby Boone turns 55 today.
Things I like: cats. Spooning with my cat. Sharing food with my cat. Am I creepy yet?
you look john carney missed extra point in 2007 against the panthers
I'm as happy as a kid waking up for his birthday ! :D
Everyone hits a brick wall now and then; the trick is not to do it with your head.
it'll be triple if its still out tonight
just heard your new song. WOW. So proud of you :)
I'm not saying it's right but I definitely understand why some animals eat their young.
I'm in love with my best friend..:/
I hate the new longer pin code - it makes me go to the web site less often. Four was cute - now it stinks. My $.02
Been thinking a lot about using that kinda thing as a way to extend the reach of meetings as they happen.
Looking for advice on selling paintings
Just ate some YAKISOBA!!
you said no she didn't...
my server keeps losing lots of time even though it is set to sync with a time server -- any ideas? it was just 25 minutes behind
Loving this moment
Fwd:Msg: Pass the heart <3 to everyone who had ever made yu laugh, love, smile or has been there for yu. Hope i get one back!
#FF #Austin - our fantastic friends
Spotted: grown man in a Sirius Black t-shirt.
thats hard one...
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!💤
I'm now listening to my twin!
FOLLOW MY PAGE... I WANT TO REACH 1000 FOLLOWERS!!! FOLLOW MY PAGE,, FOLLOW MY PAGE.. MISS ALEXIS TODD ON TWITTER
I'm so tired
Mary had told her friend during the show that it was wonderful, so incredible.
also, Bruce Bowen ain't walking through that door. (he be tripping instead)
Larry: "I need that house. I NEED IT. It's the only place I have a chance of being happy. With HER."
following people
Great participation on Twitter at #MW2012 ! It has improved experience overall. Congrats!
or actually see you this weekend @
birthday is on thanksgiving this year aaaaaaaaawwwww yyyyeeeeeaaaaaahhhhhhh
Lovin this rain!!
From this day on... Its all a mind game!
Thanks beast bestie, I love you! <3 :)
Vera Wang Bridal House you should be ashamed of yourself
Sorry to be missing #Foodiechats tonight for its one year anniversary!
Nice day to skate.
damn straight. Haha
Did you know Joe?
#UHbsb errors are just killing them. this game should be over.
I hate the majority of people.
You got me FUCKED UP girl, i'm use to bad bitches it take more den looks to get me HOOKED
Arrivals: When She Woke, Hillary Jordan, Island Beneath the Sea, Isabel Allende, Haunted, Chuck Palahniuk, Audio Book of The Night Circus
Oh shit, The View is on!
When I try to type "she" my iPod autocorrects it to SE ;)
That new Dre and Kendrick goes in.....
he's gotta take lessons still but u 2 both r beginners... so he could mess well.. but idn how his singing is so u might..
#veryspecificnewyorkreference told my friend 2 go to herman's for a spinach dog, and to hollar at Crazy Gabe, he'll dance.
City Recess SWAG Party happening now
I must be a magnet for the needy...here we go again
I'm sure a majority of America would agree with marriage as 1 man and 1 woman.
Ha... the wife is getting mad because I'm watching the #Masters per-match on the big screen.
"Rock Dog Revolution" is scheduled to be released early in 2012.
thanks so much!!! God bless!! :)
What if we were all zombies once and there was a human apocalypse? 💀
thanks! no estimate when I called to report at 6, but I just called back & they said 10-noon
I never feel good enough...
Lots of buzz about this book (SEE YOU AT HARRY'S) - I'm looking forward to it.
Yeah...was just in LA for 5 days....coulda been fun
I'm telling you he is a great singer follow him plz
There heads look like potatoes!!!!!!
Hey, you. Yeah, you reading this. I love you. c:
Going swimming at the pond laterr.. Still think its funny that I'm going swimming 3 days before Christmas! Lol, #redneckswag :)
Its about time we thank you again for following us! We hope it has been pleasurable.
Last Final!!! Freedom!!! :D
Gov. Walker on new positive jobs numbers: "The facts are the facts and facts don't lie."
Adding Lamu, Kenya to my list of places I want to travel to someday
I would have fucking cried -__-
on the day that dawn truly breaks.
Did he tweet about how much he loved a tournament structure or something?
New song up on our myspace! Check it out!!! Http://www.myspace.com/falsepositiveokc
Ain't a woman alive that can take my momma's place
Ugh I'm still grounded and I can't go to sleep but I have to man this sucks !
Im mad that everyone left me so Im basically home alone -__-
HoeLies #37: I am not a freak.
hi <3 i just called yous
I am going to have good day!
does give advice? writing buddy & i are curious how commitment survives solitude? re: last line of acknowledgments in open city
Them black beans done a number on my stomach.... Bahahahhaha lmao >.<
If you rest, you rust. ~ Helen Hayes
i have passages tattooed inside eyelids for easy reference....
Have i gone insane or i finally get dubstep!!
People might change but there are two things that you can't change them. Their name, and the memories you've had with them.
I did my part this evening! :)
I suggest you all do the same RT : I'll be taking so many naps this week so I have plenty of energy for game on Sat
yeah, and I hope there is more work there...i need a job haahaa
..and the Lord sayeth unto thee...though shall not chose belligerent customers/people or smacketh dumb coworkers upside the head. Amen.
lol if I ever get myself to your area, you'll be the first to know!
I agree guys.....love Cromartie! I just hope none of Young's antics come here....fans will NOT take well to that.
breaking: Pres Obama's advisers convince him to flip-flop on gay marriage b/c of malaise among liberal/progressive activist base
hey. whats up?
its going to bug me!
Old people fucking Facebook up.
I know I keep talking about it.. but I'm so ready for this next project, it's not even funny. The shit I didn't say before, I will say now.
just breathe.
#NP Hoody Hooo Master P, C-Murder&Silkk the Shocker
poo, Study hall after study hall, even in blades I do nothing .. Same too
RT : Never wait for someone else to make you happy, change your situation, give you anything. --> You can count on ME! :-)
That awkward moment where u walk into a party and barely know anybody there.
thanks - good thing they don't allow longer bios or we'd both really confuse people ;-)
Our 2012/13 catalog is getting final edits now! It will be out to schools by mid-April!
I love crazy geniuses. But once your crazy outweighs your genius, go eff yourself.
WHY do ppl sing abt leaving, crying, sad things, adios, etc. when trying to convince judges 2 let them stay?
Yes but I am in my pjs already. Go to the grocery store lady!
@ school... in tech class. can't wait till next period, math, Alyssa brought in cupcakes!!! YAAAY!!! (Congrats. Lee DeWyze!)
thanks for the mention Barry! How goes it for you?
Great day of basketball yesterday!
agree, he's taking the stick it to 'em stance a little too far. I know Bo was rly high on Uthoff. Should let him go b4 NCAA appeal
I come back June 1st
That's the one (if I can do it without getting fired, that is).
Send me your emails if you would like to receive my awesome Aligning With Alisha December newsletter, full of great info!
Oh, I'm no hack. You left your wordpress login page laying out in the open. I'd never do anything illegal.
Congratulations, Mr. Maslyn, for speaking wonderfully to the board on behalf of FLES!!!!
2 more followers :)
lolololol i love how yur replaying to every tweet i post. &&&&& My mommy knows someone who will do it:)
your welcome. no, i live in arizona, why?
HI LOU! how many songs have you boys made so far?x can't wait to hear them!
Yes, definitely! I wasn't in #Orlando, but kinda glad it rained, the plants I just planted needed it!
Milton plates two in the fifth and cuts Monroe's lead to 7-5. Don't touch that Twitter dial.
#VampireDiaries!!!! Getting into the show!!!
sometimes i just friend people on facebook just so i can look at all their pictures and determine how fat they are or not
We will need fake under-21 IDs. And courage. Are you in???
feeling like haveing something to do
Really like the drafting Stephen Hill. He can have impact as a run-blocker & deep threat. Needed a WR to play opposite of Holmes.
r u going there?
Follow the newest #Badgers commit here!:
Man's heart away from nature becomes hard. ~ Standing Bear
time for another galley chat! I'm always curious what other people are reading!
what i didnt see them and i was watching this the hole time.!
I can't wait to go bald and grow a ponytail
Here it comes...
Megan Fox &amp; Brian Austin Green Cheer the Lakers to Victory ...
Thanks for RT!
TRAFFIC ALERT: I-43 at Center is now open. Backups will subside soon. This Traffic Trouble Alert presented by Westbury Bank Home Loans.
Hassinger for life
Flying by myself for the first time... So scary hahaha #prayforme 😳✈
yup so how have u been
Black gold you meant?
#WashingtonDC Is there any tv show that you hate because it depicts your city incorrectly?
I can't drive so I have to run.
i really want to see #HarbaughBowl II
HAHAHAHAHA MAN U
News @ 11....An ostrich egg would take four hours to hard boil...but man, what an omelette it might make
ahaha not like that!
Wish i had somebody to talk to this shit just got worse i dont even want friends
got u
#np Turn To You | Justin Bieber
Today is Melanoma Monday. Take care of your skin: wear sunscreen & encourage early detection of this potentially fatal skin cancer.
Ya we should meet up
I am regretting not bringing more cans of that highly caffeinated sugary sweet beverage from my fridge today.
Good point! Hard to convince some sts (and tchrs) that process is as impt as "the answer"
Don't worry dude, we just gotta fight it with... COFFEE
Thanks Chronicle writers. Enjoyed the session #exceededexpectations #unbundledu edu11
well gonna goo take a break fist hahahaha aww that joke never gets a laugh XD
Just got to work and the woman I work for is helping her teenage daughter bake a penis cake. Trying to sneak myself onto the family tree.
#2012c19 thanks everyone for tweeting our panel... Now at kinship panel despite directions from front desk. Nancy Bentley rocks Clotel.
"Put an umbrella in your mouth." - Jim Henry
It's been a fun afternoon at the #TasteofSpring at //
Gov. don't foreget that us Retaiees on S S only will have to Pay 9%Sales Tax +State S.Taxw/ Cain's 999 that means 666 to us
Yeah I thought so. Actions say it all. I don't believe shit you say
Eggs hunted. Ham eaten. Family time enjoyed. Overall #Easter was a success!
Face. Door. Slam. Don't say a word.
my little brother :) thanx a bunch!
Cheerio! Congrats on the new shop in London!
Attendees are totally engaged with giving them a great social media head start!
That 1 hour delay did not help at all
I've worked hard for my ass, I'm gonna look at it!
Absolutely. Whenever applause breaks out at various times from the audience you know it's a hit.
loved today's #topicalcurrents about
helium plus alcohol..prob not a good combo
what about expanding the cookie business? our team can help, website, kitchen space, standardized recipes.
trying to be ready by friday
Happy Songkran! RT : April 13th marks the beginning of Thai New Year... Happy Songkran to all of our friends, here and abroad!
Woo!! it's consumers like you who keep me smiling every day!! RT I bought some Kodak batteries today... Hopefully it'll help :)
": I just wanna be happy" I Can Help You With That! Lol... J/P
No reason (except extra .50 each) not to do both. Jacket for ad copy and sales in shop, remove to prop up and use in kitchen.
why you gotta mess with me guuuuurrrrl
Were talking your "Live" calls. There will be lots of New York love in the house this evening. Giving away CD's don't miss out on the treats
what we all know now? No. During that class? Yes.
Learned that at dinner w/ Woods. NPR has big challenge to outreach to minority listeners.
Earlier at the city council meeting, Mayor Lewis happily donned a "chicken hat" in preparation for the coming two Oktoberfest weekends.
now i did
im going to taco cabana u got a nigga hungry to
great question! please ask it in class on Wednesday.
": FOLLOW THE OFFICIAL LIL BOOSIE TWITTER PAGE > "
I know right? #immature RT : who the fuck are you? putting their shit out their? You don't know them
What if any of the Bulls could dribble?
Hah. I didn't know I had that much to say...that's probably saying something. :)
Oh no! So Tiki won't be at #shmalentinesday?! :(
Thank you! Look forward to it. Nice shirt! ;-)
it's just acrylic paint and poster board and a picture! Lol
“: Girls, be happy with who you are. Dont try to be someone you arent. Wait for the guy who likes you for you!”
Roll of Thunder, hear my cry, hear it roll on past the Lakers by and by...
"Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself!"
his first dance. One more to go!
pictures today?
RT : Still trying to figure out why Boston tanked this game. No game yesterday, 2 days off, and just punted 1st round home...
Many thanks for the RT!
That is one of my favorites - first had it at Great Sage, a lovely vegan restaurant in Maryland.
great news! Go team
thank you
Everybody keep smiling, it's Friday. You made it through the week so be proud. #TGIF! (:
hopefully Benton comes fast!!
I had the best dream last night! It made me so happy. I wish that dream could come true.
Booked the role of an NEW YORK ART AGENT in the Indie Feature, ROOFTOPS directed by Joshua Hayes of Plastic Tree Pictures: Shoots April -May
I could really use a collge keg party this weekend, like the ones you see in a movie
Oh! I love your new avatar. I didn't recognize you at first :)
And then of course, he's incredibly nice and warm, while insisting we use the most demonic photos available.
Yes, have heard good things about nVivo as well. I used HyperRESEARCH 5 yrs ago in my diss. I think is similar.
Follow my girl .
El Patio in Midtow: Best damn FREE day party period.
Long day..relax mode
Bird Brains (picture of coach and Dodge with stupid looks on face)
“When friends tell you how awesome you look, drop the "I still have more to go" crap. You worked hard and you deserve the compliment!”
check my Facebook you can see the picture.... yeah we can meet at pick n save
scratch that. Christian Smith is winning, big time.
bye ✌ out boy scout
That profile seems fake, I don't think he would talk like that on his twitter.
=( RT : you're fired for an imbellished resume
OH WELL HELLO THERE RAMON.
Happy golden birthday to Graham! #3isGoingToBeAGREATyear cc
RIP UNCLE TEDDY.You will be missed. Your memory will live on forever!
bout to hit the gym
Why did I decide to take a may term class again?!
couldn't happen to a better bunch of guys, brother.
Up bright and early for our #microCT scanning day - fossils, orchids and bluecrabs
until he's traded to Orlando for Dwight Howard.
Of course!
.e, you too cute <3
My mom ALMOST bought me #ridiculousness tickets :/
We're allowed to wear yoga pants at Roosters. #getpaid ;)
lol. i like how you say you hate all the sluts at our school when your actually one of them.
Jump on It is easy to find. Right by Neighborhood Grill & McD's.
Thank you! Hope you're doing well!
yes they are...now we need the FAB 50 :)...special team...
Sorry, just got to DC for the weekend
love you boo bear <3
Sick and tired of being sick and tired.
A team already drowned is not troubled by the rain.
Go Big:RT : We're trying to revolutionize shopping in a mobile app with [If you don't innovate, you die]-
Good thing about being up at 1:30 - you get to field an un-expected APJ question; bad thing is I have to be up in 6 hours :(
whoever said that must seriously lack innovative thinking skills :-) You have some of the best ideas at the Library!
