! Our clients are enjoying the Lactic Plus Peel!
yes! ugh. the less she's involved in an episode, the better.
& By Ron Artest, I meant, Metta World Peace.
"You can learn more about a man in an hour of play than in a year of conversation" -Plato, Greek Philosopher
I'm going to try my best to act like there's nothing wrong today.
alas, I didn't. Too many bands! But I'll try and give them a whirl.
And KP's 11 is the second best total in this innings. That's the really striking fact
Bro gimme a legit shoutout, and ill put you in a video!! :D
thanks fo d s/o homie.
That is one intense class. How dreadfully boring. Have more wine.
Congrats to on #winning the "staff tweet of the day" from and I are super jealous.
Yeah they do! I know for sure that there's at least one in Vegas. :P
Getting ready to teach jewelry design at Jo-ann's. Forgot to take my antibiotic despite reminding myself. Shoot.
US U-20s come back from a goal down to equalize and then beat Canada to win the CONCACAF Championship. Next stop World Cup!
Are those Bugle Boy jeans your wearing?
ready for summer
My feed is clogged with talk of and I'm completely okay with that.
Can't Dick Clark passed away! So sad!
Read the article about coffee roasting in the city last night. Dug it. Can't wait for to reopen!
Maybe? Maybe not!
Why derby thumbs down? No blood?
Senjem is blaming lobbyists? He's Senate Majority Leader & Cap. Investment Chair. How does he not get a project for his district?
Jesus, you just got fuckin SCHOOLED son.. May as well toss the laptop now..
Somebody tweet me I'm bored! Lol
i need to get my tweetes up
where does it take place?
Yes we did make it!
On a scale one through ten. Your a nine and I'm the one you need(; lmao(: I'd tap that(;
good baseball talk this week, great point on lakers going 7, has got his work cut out come nfl season
How can Demi Moore divorce Ashton Kutcher? As a marriage fan, I'm very upset.
The freedom you desire lies in your daily confessions. Speak to it.
Yay for me getting the date right on only the second try!
I never got to SEE Snowpants this year.
I go so hard, I go so mean
Once u're on G+, people may add you to self-created private circles. I've circles for topics-- Peace, Artists, Spiritual, Blog.
- If he doesn't get great players like and more importantly defense, he won't win..he had very good players at
So what if I am such an artist-writer that I want to paint a picture with words as I would with a bush in my hand
I forgot to thank you for your "The Oatmeal" link last week...so perfect! How are things going for you?!
Want to send out a Happy Thanksgiving to every one ! Try not to eat TOO MUCH turkey and pumpkin pie, but if you do, do it well !
waiting for 
It's a beautiful day for a convention! The booth 634 is just about ready!
Looking forward to meeting with you tmmr at 1:30 p.m. Mitch can connect us for a location.
Heading to btown! :)
You're welcome! :) RT : Thanks for the write up! Such a great feeling to have so many wonderful neighbors :)
thanks for being a boss!
If you're standing between a Ghetty gas station and a Crown Chicken then you are most certainly in the ghetto.
favre!! Definitely!
Oh, actually, I don't think I can! But I will check the #csmt12 and follow-up. Tell students to feel free to @ me.
It's sad that people feel the need to tweet from Whitney's funeral. It's a fucking funeral shut off the camera's and cellphones.
dude ive been good, im just real glad its summer! how about you nena?!
This can be settled LOL Shoes are always laced up. "LETS DO IT!!!" *Joe voice*
im proud of ya!!! i love the song too!!! Nykky B goin all the way!!! FUTURE!!!! Jo-Wayne
even if Austin came to where I live, tickets would probably be too expensive for me anyways.
Starting to clean and pack my room today. The next two months are going to be the longest of my life.
Fun Sunday. Been at BNA for 5 hrs. My flight was just canceled. At least the service people are nice...
Avoid the WF Corn Flakes. Sadly tasteless.
does anyone have words with friends?
Just listen to one Whitney Houston song today... R.I.P We will always love you.
Crazy is, crazy does! RT : Crazy people need to stick together. Who else would understand?
Thank you! Please email us the result or DM them
As a center for history in K-12 schools, I follow teachers, archivists, school leaders & learn so much from their practices
Thank goodness was rushed off stage to make room for the violin lady and this odd focus group parody... Bravo,
NEED FOLLOWERS RETWEET FOR A MENTION
Gonna be a long tiring day....
Had 4 great Christmas Eve Services today ~ Shopping done ~ family in town... Chilling out all day Christmas ahead :-)
. CEO Paul Reed Smith #WTCI awardee, exports now comprise 50% of Guitar company's revenues
Donna Summer IS Disco. A big loss.
Last day in San Antonio!! sad, but big things are coming my way and I want to share them with you(:
Might as well leave it up, almost halfway there.
Another league I was weak in the OF got a boost when Trout and Harper came up the same day. Let's just say I've made a move there.
you should come over today im soo bord :(
What do you think? Boise's proposed urban farming rules allow and encourage more urban farming. Public hearing 6pm Tues.at Capitol Bldg.
im so happy they are back on twitter again!! :)
Skin Inc. offers ways for you to relieve some stress with the "Spa Trois" package at Johnathan Breitung Salon & Luxury Spa....
we will be there again!!
My dad is a huge Baltimore Orioles fan. Fond of telling him he wouldn't have missed anything if he just awoke from a 14-year coma.
Hell yeah! Was it a UCR scholarship or an outside organization?
That was a DEEP three!
Hey muffin' Happy New Year:):)! Stay beautiful, and let's work on gettin' you a smash:)!
Big ups and thanks to all who came out at quassy lakes today respects for the welcome seen real reggae lives ..1
Is it the Barilla plus?
Why is it every time I see a homeless person I automatically feel like an asshole for not carrying cash? :(
Very true! Have a great week!
$1 off Pints and kids eat free Scotty's Thr3e Wise Men Brewing Company!!!
consistency is important for testers. also unnecessary waste of resources. also they don't need to edit the code
Nice! Safer! Cleaner!
Happy Father's Day!!!!
is in our video about gay rights, & equality for bullied LGBT everywhere. 6,000+ people have seen it. Have you?
I haven't been tweeting a lot >.<
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
u have an ear for sharing new talent..shall we dump Billboard?..likin Justin...JessieJ and a few others..THANK U!!
Had an audition for a Heineken spot that shoots in Madrid...Didn't get the one for Sweden, but I think Spain is much more up my alley ;)
#NFLDraft Remember, the only thing that separates your true image from the image the public will perceive is the media.
haha there's nothing to be jealous about theres room for 3 lol I love you babe and that's for Becca not you wayne
I don't need to be the baddest bitch, because I'm fine with being a lady.
#naturalcauses will be my next band name
#4famouswords Baby I miss you
A special welcome to my new followers!!!!!
Second one is by me not for purposes of self-promotion but to say, I want to be a part of that conversation. :)
Hope you're all enjoying the holidays. We've decided we are going to raffle off the guitar we are giving away. Donation info coming soon
Man I'm so tired, I need sleep!
Stay wild. Stay curious. Stay hungry. Boredom won't get me tonight.
You may need to take the day off lol
Linking to full site from mobile site is a "copout" and "admission of failure," says at
Absolutely right! Great job!
One more episode then season one of #MadMen completed !!!
hah, okay. Oh no! You have to find him!
Did Iona really only score 17 points in the Second half last night????
Thanks for the return one! I'll be sure to post about it when it's out. Hope you pass it on.
Rams did well in trade w/ Skins..like RG I but will he be a saviour for Washington??...hmm..
please look at the video I just posted, I just want them to add "You're welcome" haha
I am right there with you!!
!!!“: The Obama presidency has really brought the inner hatred folks have to the surface.”
Who is stopping my team right now lol
is the best. greatest, most wonderful person in the world! 143
Babe slapping lotus flower bomb hella singing >>>>>>
life is full of difficult decisions...?!
u're welcome ❤
I wish I was seeing #Titanic3D tonight!!!
Cnt wait to get off
thank you!
How To Improve Health Tracker Apps I recently spent some time searching the Apple App Store using terms such as “Health Tracker” “S
Live your Life
Math Class is so borinn >.<
I followed backk:)
But you believed in everything but me girl I don't get you.
Its cold ass fuck in Shroder right now bra
The latest TrophyQuest episode615-329-0900 featuring Sal Gonzalez and Operation: Sound Off! airs tonight at 10pm eastern/9 central on The O
#Fuck people that don't tweet back!
RT: When you really discover who you are in Christ, you'll develop a healthy self-image and find the confidence you need to t ...
just discovered & now enjoying , everyone's best source for "what's on in feminist London"
Usually, it depends on how busy we are. We like to have 24-48 hours. $7 for a 4oz jar, $18 for an 8oz. Email us to order.
nice! Good luck & have fun!
TONIGHT! Habitat of the Chesapeake hosts "Out on the Town with Habitat! 9 bars in Canton Square, just $20 to get all the specials! 7-11pm!
did his thesis on the 9th & 10th amendment.We need him in Washington fighting for StsRights!
where have your been all my life? I need to see your beautiful face!
would make my day if he followed me back<3 143
Occupy Portland event is set to protest corporate and special interests groups in government. Protestors plan to recap the protest over PBRs
RT : We'll miss you (*) ;) RT : I hate leaving but my bye-bye parties are always great! Xoxo D.R. :*
"The one word that makes a good manager - decisiveness." - Lee Iocacca
#libchat #libpitch Most active on Twitter, but also on Google+ and blogging as Plaid Librarian.
REFILL SATURDAY: PRE MOTHERS DAY CELEBRATION*MARIOS* DIS SAT** FIRST 20 LADIES GET IN FREE & FREE DRINK COURTESY OF &
Aww Dude i Hate when that happens :((
Just heard MPR describe GOP primary as a mosh pit.
We were made to be courageous
Kareem said I didn't say hi to him. I did LOL. Said bye too. He liked what he saw couldn't even keep eye contact. My charm :)
Time to get this day started.
looking for hawaii crewnecks since i'm not going to california in a while ): any ideas?!
wicked blow-out bruh!
Can we please shut the fuck up about NYSSMA.
Watching waiting to exhale
Just wrapped up a Skype meeting with an Isagenix leader coming back after Celebration. Great business ideas and news!
good morning(: follow me please <333
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.~Richard Bach
Rice wins Rice wins!! Blocked a FG to keep the lead and win, Go Owls!
every so many months I like to tweet
Here's to the ICONiacz who are crying watching reruns, brings back so many memories... we've been through so much <33
I want some sweet frog.
yes! but kept my old ones. im just tryna get SOME followers on this one. my main ones still and other still
ORCHIDS! Apr14&15. See stunning orchids from all over the Midwest compete for ribbons! $3.
Isn't their entire lineup sponsored by AT&T?
he puts it down like New York City
Gosh. I just got tweeted by what looks like a Nordic Caravan site asking if I like 'Hot Gerls' I'm not sure how to answer. What's a 'Gerl'?
It's all we got, man! And, yes, I'm Italian. OK, part Italian. And some other parts, obviously.
J'Nan: In the streets there are certain places you can't go, so if the community center is on the wrong side of town, you can't go.
Even Brent Morel getting in on it?
It happens to some, sadly. Potential manifestations of psychosis are broad.
My friend just put on project runway and because I didn't want to watch it called me a fi#%ing pussy.
I knew you'd have a good answer, Elton. Thanks again for making us feel at home at your gym.
Is at the UMD Crab Feast. GO TERPS :)
I am literally at school at least 8 hours a day if its a good day
RT : We need bloggers & interns, if interested please contact
MT : : keywords are both verbs & nouns: affect, interface, discipline, use, remix, play, archive, access
Send me an address and Ill send you one.
: loving the Seth blog..great rec Rex!
what you do for living?
GM twitter
Don't open an email from me that has a blank subject & apparently says I'm a "work at home mum." That's news to me! Sorry. Stupid spam!
me too--believe me, we lucked out big time.
Where in Oklahoma? It's really hot here! Haha
Hey Robert! Thanks for the follow!!
Oh! This is not as advertised. Roll Tide
WHY AM I TALKING ABOUT HIM MY LIFE REVOLVES AROUND JORDAN, DAVID, AND KELLIN RIGHT NOW
And sometimes it's just a Hamilton idea
swamp people makes me more excited than it should
This is what's wrong with the Bar Biz. I sell a beer that cost $27.25 per cs. This (Corporate) account charges $6.70 per bottle! #makin$$$
Wassup Twitter *It's The Best Day Ever!!!!!!!!*
Xmas Tweets: Mom doesn't understand why the towels must be washed after only one use. Dad counters that the alternative is piggishness.
Today at 1pm. I also lost track of it.
Thanks for the city/commuting bike recommendations. The hardest part is giving up my Symmetry
Well worth it especially if you are targeting agents or managers. See who works for who and what they've done.
indeed.. the teal polka dots arent helping..
Congrats to #Naismith award winner #AnthonyDavis (thank God a creative Canadian invented this game!)
I'll be headlining tonight! It's gonna be out of control. See u on the dancefloor
too many of those ppl. SMDH
I love NCIS. I think they are incorporating alot of new stuff which make the shows more exciting!
I too am a Starbucks boycotter for the same reason. Friends don't let friends go to Starbucks.
I'm probably going to have to foster her to keep her from getting put down. So tell all of your friends about her!!
Next week Wendesday? It will be #ono!
Health & fitness should be taught at school. Obesity is such a big issue nowadays
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches.
follow and please :D x87
replying to tweet with an iPhone when does the technology stop.
I can smell the ocean in Bushwick 2day
Hahahaha I'm not a fish!
Travis? I guess.
In a challenge of manhood, pride, and eating deadly hot chili I have defeated my bro with my #chiliswag loving the universe it's all great
How's the new place coming along?
2nd workout of the day complete... Making up for the debauchery of Vancouver!
I can't decide on which smartphone to get! Galaxy S2, wait for the Galaxy S3, or the HTC One X? maybe Galaxy Note....idk
#WhenAustin gets excited about going to Subway :)
Great to see and chat with you guys!
“: Contrary to popular sentiment, we aren't victims of time. The majority of time barriers to #community are self-imposed.”
what's good with u? How u been?
did you have a chance to send those beats? Have not seen them.
He should asked to be traded to a better team.
omg I forgot Fray is tomorrow!!!! I'm so jealous!!! Have a blast :) is kahe going too for her bday?!
She's everything I ever wanted... She's everything to me.
joke joke joke joke yay :D
#iGotNoRespectForYou if you judge a person for smoking #marijuana."
Just pulled out some slides fr/ metadata class by for reminders about Encoded Archival Context
walk a mile in my shoes and i bet you , you would shut up real fast!
"I would rather be lucky than good" - Jesse Ventura
I thought i could trust you. I guess not.
Breaking News from URidge: Mitch Geiger of MG with a hole in one on No. 8. will have details
Any other Who Dats in Cleveland? Talked to two in three years since I have been here. It would be nice to see more Saints stuff in the snow.
Bad news: my kitchen flooded. Great news: my upstairs neighbor came by to make sure everything was OK. So sweet!
The lungfish can live out of water for three years in a state of suspended animation.
between baseball & politics don't you get tired of having to watch so much TV?
Okay, stop saying they were dead all along on LOST. that's not what happened
I'll give you one line: "The meek shall inherit the girth!" ... yes, I liked it.
One of your images said you dropped your album on your fathers B-Day. How can I get the album?
You know what can really ruin a round of golf? Getting hit by a ball...
I want a marriage like Mr.and Mrs. Smith. Is that weird?
Working on the music to a trailer for a video game. :)
That awkward moment when somebody retweets some shit you tweeted days ago. The fuck you up to?
Facebook Fights <<
Good luck to the BSU family!
seriously, like now before I have a heart attack... 😢
Oh, that bitch. Thought we were still talking about Survivor.
#oomf changed her pic and is so gorgeous! Who knew!
Green Conduct Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
he say NeeNee the sky peed all over me.then once they started moving in the boat the wind was splashing it harder.
Back in #Austin for 10 days! Happy Easter!
who thinks the psp go is worth $249 when the full ps3 is $299
thanks for following. May the Lord richly bless you in all things!
$10 ALL YOU CAN DRINK HAPPY HOUR FROM 5-7 TODAY COME IN AND ENJOY THE BEST HAPPY HOUR ON HUMP DAY!!!!
See "Play Ball" newest candle warmer in the collection! Too cute and perfect for a boys or collector's room.
I hope you reached through the computer monitor and facepalmed them yourself.
However, per Committee Code of Conduct you are required to disclose updates in all Monthly Reports haha.
Favorite Pearl Jam moment was in 1995 at Red Rocks watching Eddie petal out on a bicycle with flag attached while wearing hat!
Omgomg, proactiv commercial on tv! :D
stand on Melrose Ave...same side as Kinnick right by that Stella restaurant over the railroad tracks. Best $20 spent all weekend.
MLB postseason pressers w/ beer in Gatorade cups. RT : I was just asked to put my soda in an NCAA-sanctioned cup.
LMBO!!! Love Sherri's performance!! Hahaha! Shake it, baby!!
#wouldyou hug me around the waste from behind and kiss me on the cheek and say I love you?
was Drive good?
when you wake up before your friends and don't know what to do
Journey to the Light... A classic indeed!!! Rest in Peace Belita Woods.
It smells like 1984 in my apartment building.
Had a great time at Poetry in Motion yatch party!
Bored in another city, rifling through my hosts' unmentionables
Beautiful day out about 2 enjoy it as much as possible ☀😃
Hari: "You gotta belive in something man." Chris: "Fuck."
The Sustainable Communities Partnership and the new LEED-ND have been two of my all-time favorite things this past year!
I can see the Bulls losing in the second round to Boston.
was found in the trash an it showed everything an i cried and almost puked and omg they were 14 when this happened to them. omg
Very sweet post about Grandma. I was lucky like , spending lots of time with my grandmothers.
MAN MY ARM IS SHAKING
*huge huggles* It's the only way I know how to be. :)
TONIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE WEAR PAJAMA/LINGERIE & RECEIVE FREE ENTRY! $100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT! $100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT! $100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!
True enough.
So glad to hear! RT Just did my yoga in south Miami green monkey. Feel great.
nopee where is it i wanna see it i
Just got your email. Send your friend my email address and I'll spit that virtual fire
I know. They make things so much more complicated Then they should be.
i see what you did there
5 miles further west, and it wipes out the heart of the town, too. We got lucky I think.
Q2 Interesting! Do you find most people respond or choose to ignore? Any stats on % returned?
If you lose Hope you will lose everything that motivates yoi
boom! The stars say we're a good match, that's a good sign ;D
you doing anything tonight when u get up to lex?
tell me about it (;
RT : PROMO DEPOT BLOG WATCH: Check in on Coach Warren and his travels this summer with the USA Under-19 national......
i will only buy it if you or tweet me too <3(: xo
Im tired of chasing my dreams, Im gonna ask where they're going and hook up with them later...
You do.
Big game tonight!! And I am not talking KU vs Baylor or Georgetown vs Cuse. Love this week!
have a great day mila :)
My #FridayReads is Blackout by Connie Willis...yes again ;)
Let my prayer be set forth in your sight as incense, the lifting up of my hands as the evening sacrifice. ~ Psalm 141:2
Worry when I don't ask & I don't wanna know anymore.Tear ducts dry.Dont fear the unknown.cognac glass full. Like must go on
Rub grilled cheese and Yoohoo all over my body so I know it's real. STREETS.
Today been a long day .
it's a little easier on the soul when you sneak in as a begrudgingly labeled gen-yer
I love to dance
So tired!
Keep visiting www.youtube.com/watchdwight
#Imagine Seeing Austin at the mall shopping at Bath and Body Works.
is a real big meanie
What does the Battleship movie have to do with space? I thought the game was more about sinking other human's ships?
#Niven, #Pournelle, The Mote in God's Eye. Classic hardish SF well worth a reread. A precursor of both the military & sociological subgenres
My twitter feed is going underground (to the non-following public) for a few days.
I've been killing it lately. 5,000 up for the week already.
9 more days of school(: i sure will miss your face during the summer!!:(
thank for the invite joe!!
and had to talk sht to a G today lol
Text me.
You're welcome, thanks for sharing the advice!
Haha, I know you too well!
Wow. That sounds great!!
*Raises many hands*
Character is not made in a crisis it is only exhibited.
I kind of miss my blackberry. Maybe I'm saying that because I'm going through some technical difficulties with my iPhone. Ugh.
lol my son loves that too. He sings it al day!!!
I walked in the house she goes "girl you cute" lmfao
Was reading about Lipids and van der Waals forces. I had taken Chemistry a long while back. Biology is now so much molecular.
we want more followers!! tell a friend to follow us!!!
enjoy! it's beautiful weather today.
Just wanna know what it's like to converse on Twitter when ur both in same room? The silence must allow Lyric to sleep
Don't you ever get tired of lying so much?
sound bout right when you free come fuck with me lets drop some of that #fye Ju ish
alright tell me when to pick up so i know its you
all good! Love California, life is good right now! Update me on what's the latest with you!!
Hey football folks - Who do I start at TE tomorrow: Jermichael Finley (GB) or Rob Gronkowski (NE)? Both flopped last week, but...
Your valuable bro glad at least they franchised you! One step towards a long term deal!
haha its ok
they are different, june is in vegas, august in orlando, check out the details on his webpage. Will b an awesome experience!
love all the non haters no homo
Day 3 is now history. We start at Mt. Sterling tomorrow.
RT FREQY HOUR featuring (THIS IS THE) SQUIRREL HUNTERS 6 PM, 21+, $5 or 3 cans food...Another great opportunity to donate!
you rock
On the contrary, he very clearly referenced the Greece-Turkey population swaps as a possible example for I/P.
Rachel Sutz Pienta & Alan Brock will be Wakulla's delegates to Tampa
thanks for retweet
Girls be ashamed of how many guys they have fucked but guys glorify how Many girls they have fucked, what's really going on?
or five. And a hug.
I can't wait to get my car, this bus shit is weak!!!
come back to independence and just chill for a day :)
Loved last night's 2nd season debut of hosted by our awesome members Can't wait for the next episode!
interesting read
he wasn't with me sweating in tha gym
Remember to tune in tomorrow. Its fangirl-over-Gongchan day haha XD
"My soul has grown deep like the rivers, I bathed in the Euphrates when dawns were young"Langston Hughes-The Negro Speaks of Rivers
You know what sucks worse than going to a school that doesn't have central air conditioning? The people there who don't shower.
During job interviews, be prepared to make your case for the UNIQUE VALUE you bring to the organization.
Lmfao ! Wordd": See great mind think alike ;) "
No, sadly it's Monday.
Great Topic!!! Very important!!
bipolar much?:)
Nights like this I just wanna pack my shit up
#Redlegs are undefeated!
yeah idk y but anyways mah mom took away my phone:(
Can't wait to hear the word God has for me...
It was great meeting you at #KBIS !
Using Data to make decisions precon #PLA12. Increasingly clear that libs make a LOT of value jdgmnts abt "value" of what libs do.
goin home saturday watchin ustream friday and sunday well nothing
Good afternoon everyone. I hope you're all having a wonderful Friday so far. TGIF
Today we will celebrate the 100th bday of the late Dr. Height. She reminds us all, "everyone can be great because everyone can serve."
BOXING IS NOT DEAD!!! Just needs the right ppl to market the new up and coming stars! #Boxing>UFC
Heroes!!! Bring it back!!!
Training back to back sessions hungover. This'll be interesting.
Purchased HD video switcher. Now we can videotape events and seminars with multiple cameras to (1) tape in High Def (saves editing costs).
Anytime! Keep up the great work!
@ McDonald's Play Land with my little sister... They grow up too fast... She's so smart...
Rain rain go away. The #PNW wants to see sun today.
Uploading Shostokovich. I'll just pretend this is a normal Wednesday night activity & not uber-lame since it's a pre-Thanksgiving Wednesday.
omg #dontjudge I take it back
is tuning up the pipes! Rehearsals resume this Monday, September 13th at St. Luke's in North Park. Come one, come all...
What a #BEAUTIFULDay! Mention this tweet and get a $2 glass of #wine on the patio. Cheers!
Evans Collective, then Merely the Mocs...yes please!
Acts 1:8 calls us to be #missionaries to all the ends of the Earth! E-mail for info on #DR & #Ecuador in Aug!
Want to relax the kids before bed tonight? Try Bright from the Heart's PJ Yoga Party for kids ages 5-11 tonight at 6PM....
When you see me shining you won't ever question again.
Chilling bored right now and follow me people
yeah... Another week in Detroit. Not what I dreamed about when I became a consultant...
love those pics so much please send a few to
I suspect since I loved the #Common #Law pilot, that it will die after one season. :(
HE IS A DAMN CHEATER FUCK SYRACUSE ITS MIZZOU TIME GO TIGERS
Any news on Jack from the E:60 special?
what you doin Sunday? Family stuff all day?
Arapahoe County Assembly running much smoother than Denver... Knock on wood
I would pay $4 to see at the Boarding House. Hell, I might pay $800.
to be in the same room with her I would glow up like a light lol
damn...they postponed due to some in house issues...I owe u a drink def....
Are you taking the time to breathe in a deep breath of His Spirit?
Eighty degrees out / magnolia, pear blossoms / where are the cherries?
theres no place like home
I and my friends love u so much, you are the best. Come Here.?
Paxton's potato skins...yum
Still working...
No one told me skin tight leggings showing off your cottage cheese ass and camel toe was in this summer. Fucking disgusting.
woohoo! #brandprops to that! RT : Many thanks to for answering my question. They're doing #custserv right!
Tweetdeck you need to make some sortof bonk noise when you don't update. Grr.
So Greg's alarm didn't go off and I'm not waking him up.
enjoying a great conversation about
basketball on the new hoop all day >
“: you're perfect in my own little world”
you are really annoying
LSU or Bama? I'm going for Bama. I hate to see Bama lose twice this season. The best two teams are in the BCS, but we need a playoff system!
Yeah, we know Gronk is the best. We don't need him on the cover of Madden. Just want him on the field at 100%.
down below.. 2 lips was brought together.... hahaha
Onions sweating. Italian and French chicken sausage combo on deck. Peppers, tomatoes, Italian herbs in the hole.
wait. What's there to dread? Loving the week of special foods!
Only 15 days until Fiesta!
I second that peanut butter egg #onlyfromchurch comment!!! Can't wait for mine Easter morning
yeah I think I have a couple extra copies of that laying around. Haha. Jk.
congratulations to Harvard's historic basketball Season on their title clinching WIN over Penn!
i'm crazy bored!
“: mans trip as well?”. You know it. What day are you leaving to go home?
Getting home from school past 9 is the worst...especially because thats when I like to go to sleep :(
sorry about that. It's #swsaspring see you soon!
well u better molly wop that punk ass byatch
This economy is making it better than ever to start your internet marketing business.
Where you can ask questions, are encouraged to give feedback, etc... because chances are you will need them again!
I miss that sweet little man and his ability to procure coffee and milk out of thin air.
BOGO 50% off denim at !!! Sounds like a shopping-spree waiting to happen :-)
so how is it going for you? Having a good week?
Low clouds and fog stubborn to clear immediate area thru weekend; highs still above normal, near 30°F
phone died goodnight
I love your golden look tonight. Grats on both Michigan and georgia winning.
Watching Smokey and the Bandit with Viggle Wed | 12:10PM | MoviePlex Get real rewards just for watching TV.
he's evolved as a man, damn it! LOL
Is the game on yet?
Like the son he never had RT : Breen really likes Wade
A no, no at an IEP meeting is kicking your spouse under the table so that he/she stops talking.
For a LIMITED TIME ONLY get 50% OFF our service, just by using our OFFER CODE: 012386
This weeks audio edition is online. Available on 20th April, dated 23rd April. Earliest I've ever seen it.
"Niall is just like Barbie. He has blonde hair, blue eyes, and no matter how much he eats, he's still fit and skinny."
Thanks for sharing! Your notes are great! :)
#NCLB on the way out, very good. Now let's get our kids and #teachers outside those walls.
we still love you hannah!
Well from perusing their 128 page thread, it seems like Gottlieb. It's a pretty ridiculous read.
a gorgeous ginger
where you at ,
LOL! We actually do use Wikipedia almost every day in our house. My 13-year-old son especially. =)
I always shake my non existing dreads listening to waka flocka
Thanks for the follow! I really enjoyed your fried chicken and appreciated your customer service.
Game 7! Let's do this!
Yay! I'm in pdx, could I drop it off to you instead of paying shipping? maybe this weekend?
it's all good up in there!
. If wright can avoid injury, i think he is a solid part of our D
best rapper u never heard of
proud of him; you're a good mama. but DAYUM! I wanna go!!! lolol
When you realize you were thrown aside, betrayed, not good enough, and taken advantage of. I'm and was so much better than you ever deserve.
I and Love and You by The Avett Brothers makes me a little misty. And a little homesick.
S/O to my new followers. Got it IN at the BASEMENT last night
It wasn't 14-14 when I posted. Brat.
First weekend of play is over
Majority Leader Senjem - "Red veto pens don't move the state forward."
"What, you don't know?"
siri, play shake rattle and roll! ;)
Gr8 cast & crew meeting, gr8 table read- schedules & call times will B forthcoming... Every1 at meetings thx U rock!
This dude is really lying down in the movie theater. He's seriously laying across 4 seats
Everybody please go #follow the Baton Rouge Community College men's basketball team
laying on the floor of a bus trying to get some sleep .. if we crash
I love the way you lie
Hopefully soon. Tell every1 we say hello! RT : you should come to germany!!! got a lot of fans over here in hannover ;)
The greatest foes, and whom we must chiefly combat, are within.~ Miguel De Cervantes
Holy hell my aunts wedding is gonna western hell yeah I get to wear my cowboy boots and ride a macanucal bull
Of course it's not your fault that evidence does't exist. Beliefs are personal. Smug atheists, smug preachers--little difference
good concessions too!
I'm always with you in spirit! Like Obi Wan Kenobi. Lo
Need for speed...Recall's RFID solution makes getting information faster.
Sorry for the spelling error on your name Dede and congrats again!
Incredible #cubuffs week! Success in the PAC 12 and Spring Ball! Shoulder to shoulder!
Thank you!!
MTV To Be Honored At Trevor Live Presented By Audi of America &amp; Wells Fargo
What up! Where you been?
it's terrifying... I keep getting more and more upset about it
^^i can't speak indonesian..umm ok i will try it
thank youu! have you heard of it before?
forget the froyo next week - let's play 's game - bring on the wine!!
hi Bella this is a reply for the valentines day thing for 8th grade. Ily <333
Quote of the night, "I'm 80 lbs too much and 2 rich parents too short of being a true hipster kid." Oh. How I kill thee.
Had such a fun day today!!! Life is good in lala :)
My #flipclass presentation was accepted for #ncte12. Vegas in November!
I just want to throw it across the room and see it shatter in million pieces...
i was staying the night at 's house, and she started telling me a dream. i was so tired that i said id recite it back.
ZOOMER-THINK TANK If people lived forever, they would take forever to get anything done.
“It’s like all my life everyone has always told me 'you’re a shoe, you’re a shoe, you’re a shoe."
It's become a real fair
IM SO POORR BUT I WANNA GO
Not true, real fans will forever remember you fondly in our memories forever even when the cleats are no longer worn.
I'll send him your way. Mike Chen if 10news
Let me add my congrats on your excellent review, Bethany!
I like it very much!!!
It still bugs me when shows discussing our Solar System say that it has 8 planets.
just flamed his ass!!
it was a damn good doppelganger. Also, I'm happy that marquette strongman is a thing in this world.
Ok..... Im iz about to go tf off!
of course it is and cultish too
R.I.P Junior Seau he was a great player
#1day so SIKE for the new song #Boyfriend by i bet its going to be the greatest song EVER luv it
// "Tap into the power of our full potential"
Heard Leslie died. Damn.
Shut up
Fall has asked for my silence and has showed me that judging yourself is not the same as being honest and open with yourself
girl I'm gonna miss you :((( !!!!! Will you still be at games and stuff ??
Everyday I look forward to seeing your tweets :) it's the first thing I do in the morning and the last thing I do at night<3
I hope god has a big gnose that would help justify mine.
omg guess who's going to TX!!!!
Revenue Commissioner Frans says that staff can pull together all of the numbers senators are asking for before adjournment.
LOVE IT!
In order to save this country from the republicans' demise, we must raise taxes on EVERYBODY!! That is the Patriotic thing to do!!
Hate it when people piss you off. So fucking mad at someone right now grrrr lol.
doing good. Yourself?
Overheard two people arguing other day on campus about who had more money..the winning logic? "I have two louis belts, you only have one"
wish I was there to watch tv with u :-)
Good news: scored last min exit row seat on a full flight. Bad news: at least an hour delay due to weather
where is this second beer bistro?
Impervious what? Things you overhear at a
But I just want to be perfect like her.
hey mama, not feeling good. Have dr. appt, can we do lunch tomorrow, same time & place?
at 8:55pm, I have finally decided to stop eating junk food, get off the couch and leave the apt. not sure why. guilt? boredom? fresh air?
Google Offers in LA lists a "kid-friendly BYOB cupcake class". (BYOB means 'Bring Your Own Beer') Um.... WTF?!?
Lol tweeting, watching tv, listening to my IPod lol
eatting sunflower seeds!
no way me 2! And a couple other people other person I actually might but yeah haha
N thinking about how good my blonde hair would look with my outfit today
Maybe the should make a play for Matt Forte since Chicago doesn't seem to give a crap about him.
Yeah sure
a drop of 2976% for this building's energy use year to year probably means that I have made a mistake somewhere
Holding my peace..well trying to anyway...
God is a comedian, playing to an audience too afraid to laugh
So... last night was fun
great show tonight
Mobile learning approaches: mobile as a method to access learning and as method to deliver learning. Access = browser. Delivery = app
I know, she's the shit :)
U say prepare? Releasing you to someone/anyone/halfway home who will sign on the dotted line to accept you is the prep.
RT : "Innovation" is a great word to throw around - tough word to implement into your culture - yet absolutely necessary to...
It's a competition on Maury, so don't forget to call in and vote for me at 1-866-996-2879. Thank you!
Pretty much, yeah.
Fascinating find in my front yard- a saber buried in the ground under a rosebush. Very weird; a real mystery. Probably not a real antique.
What a shitty day
Change of Plan: Instead of Black Sea, I will be on Aegean Odyssey June 9-July 3: France, Italy, Croatia, Albania & Greece!
that sucks. You are probably stuck in enemy territory? Lol
HoW iS yOuR dAy??
Hey friends! Wondering who is going to be at the Fest of Books this weekend -- I'll be in the booth #84 both days!
Cool my mom just called me a bitch. Love you too.
...most third world countries are rather large lol.
RT : I'm an "I love you, man" drunk. You? >> that's the best kind!
#bieberisonmyxmaslist for my daughter but he a pretty hot idem this year so I might have a hard time finding him but hey #neversaynever ;)
I've got a fabulous collection of critter ass photos from 6 continents. Don't need 7th, have penguin ass photo from S. Africa.
Pumped that will be joining us tomorrow at #FranciscanHospital to support our guys and
Thanks Terence Thank you very much! Thank you very much for thinking of me! Have a cold one for me! DD
Owen was playing on his mat and I was in the kitchen. When I looked up he was on his tummy. We officially have a roller!!
Now, I must get lunch but that involves leaving my house. And driving somewhere. And I don't know where to go and I'm tired.
haha oh man! He prob has special privileges to huh? lol
Already a great conversation going on tonight... #InternPro peeps are the smarter-est!
Getting married under a dinosaur.. it'd be so funny if it fell during the ceremony.
girls who think their all that because they hangout with boys. < anything else.
All Sports
same here awake at night and sleep during the day
hello, I am the winner of those head phones. I was just wondering when they ship out ?
KEEP CALM AND EAT A CUPCAKE!!!
I had charbroiled pork chops in Columbia City. Not too shabby ;)
You know you need to try it. Press the button...
lebron can fly but bg32 is scary
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 24
you think so?? Wait until you see me :P
Waiting for Newt Gingrich to arrive at Weaver Auditorium in Milwaukee.
Haha he gon come back and blow the whole school of its stilts
Can we try one more time to make it all better.
Funny how everytime i look at ur smilee, i tell my self this is why im not going to screw up
At Walmart, hilarious seeing all the men Christmas shopping
Hello, Jell-o is a game changer! After making the rainbow and following your blog I was eagerly waiting for the release!
Should have done a pool on the ETA of the donation email related to Obama's big announcement.
what in the hell am i gonna do with this ankle length down coat?!?!
Children's Lit SUCKS!!
I don't feel like studying. I'm just gonna chill and listen to music.
what's up?
la kings are beating every team i hate. thank you.
Doheny Memorial Library
I'm down...the 4 pack deal ends tomorrow I think
RT : Can't wait till summer! Looking forward to my plans..one of which is teaching & playing tennis with :)
I cant wait for Friday... :D
Oh! This is never good...
2 days down 3 more days left of school cant wait till the end!!!
Thank you Molly!:) I hope you are enjoying the new year so far!:)
RT:It is official, 2012 Assumption College Commencement Speaker....at least until a bigger college asks you to...
How about or/and ?
hah u thought I was twitterless mane. Whats good?
this dude need to hurry the heck up Shucks!!!
You hurt me...I'm not doing this again...guys learn from your mistakes!!
vinny not ugly ur ugly stop hating u going to hell
Finally. My ex-bff talked to me.
Yo! I'll be missing out tonight. Seeing Avengers again. Have fun!!!!
People are actually up washing their cars at 7:30am on a Sunday! The only thing that gets me up this early is !
Definitely!! RT Missing my lunch buddies
Had a great scouting trip last week in amazing Hodgeman County, Kansas! Looking forward to working with the community on the movie soon!
Paging reggie miller
Why in the world are you so pretty?!I wish I was as pretty as you are c:
#happy #2012 There will two #epic shows on tv today: #crossfitgames on #espn2 and #sherlock on BBC1. Great way to start 2012. #tuneIN!
Eau Claire bound! I'm sure I'll feel all grandma-like on water street tonight!
you welcome lol :)
To keep your life moving ahead, you need to set some goals...
#ThingsHigherThanZimmermansBond the foreclosure around the country! -_-
Know your tables ;-) RT : Lean Thinking and SCUBA. You don't need a dive computer. That's as lean as you probably want to get.
LBJ... SCREW YOU AND TAKE NOTES!!!
wow, you are going there??
What up fam
Today's Scramble: Roasted Onions, Mushroom, Spinach, White Cheddar w/ Tomato Pesto...Hurry in!
Not 1 but 3 Ralph Lauren cologne inserts in the June Does the word overkill mean anything to you people? Oh, and ANNOYING?
We don't usually tweet sports but it's #Wrigley in spring; every game a drama, every win a step closer to history. GO #CUBS!
being able to skip 1st hour to sleep in >>>>
What an eventful day.
Hope you had a safe flight
Nah, it's not me. It's the lead singer of the rock band Enon from Brooklyn who is one hell of a performer on stage
Is the Proverbs Challenge still going strong in your devotional life?
we are opening a gallery/studio soon and I'd love to feature some of your work if that's cool? We wanna put Pgh art on the map!
homemade ice cream, sun, country music
Watched Final Destination 5 yesterday with 7 girls and I was the only one screaming.
Eleanor Roosevelt seems to have been a cool lady
Another museum geek checking in at MSP. There seem to be a lot of us here, looking tired but inspired after
I�ve pretty much never thought to myself �I wish I had taken less notes during that meeting
Well Done! Let's keep it in the family. ;)
Everyone in #miami must check out #theculture at the Irish pub in brickell 👌👍😊
Outstanding touchdown by Love watching this guy play!
SUPER shout out to my little sister Simone Leeds who's graduating from Wilberforce today!! Hope my fam is having a great time in Ohio.
ATTENTION ALL MY LOVELY FOLLOWERS: please follow her! She's a true #directioner and a beautiful member of my #1DFamily :-)
Horseshoe Casino & American Lung Association holding 12p presser in support of smoke free casino in Council Chambers
Oh im sorry. But i hope u realize its not ur fault for him hitting you , its his angry temper.
I was voted most likely to work at my high school, for what it's worth. I'd never go back.
: Thanks for the #FF !! Cheers to fun faves ”
hi! thanks for following. check us out at facebook.com/mufasatheband :)
he better recognize, Insanity is an ass kicker! ;)
i'm going to pretend that twitter didn't tell me to follow mcdonalds
Mango smoothie from BK
Watched M Shite JambaJuice's movie Devil. I think he just read Save the Cat, it has a distinct formula.
Huge win by the #Buffs!!! Come on we need one more!!!
I literally have spent the entire day in bed watching tv. Comcast OnDemand (movies) is definitely profiting from my being sick.
HAHA good call. I only went back a 2nd time for the view.
Looked at the topic for my second history essay...yeah I'm screwed.
"Suffering is caused by desire."---Buddha
Fakers are toast
The United States Government may deport you for the following reasons
woo goodluck! #fooddiscounts RT Second interview today. Wish me luck!
Dream Chasers wasnt as hard as i thought it was gona be............
Home sweet home Minnesota
: Best practices for maintaining good relations w/sources who may not share/agree w/the POV you report from?
I am grazing, drinking water, eating fruits and veggies and I have not craved DQ at all! I think I am on track! How about you?
#BeliebersAreAliensBecause it is humanly impossible to have as much swag as we do ;)
OMG WHY DO I KEEP GOING ON THIS TWITTER AND TWEETING. I'M RETARDED.
Now you eat!
I'm at Bobcat Bites in Santa Fe, NM. Yum!
you know you're an actor. :)
Just tapped, Leavenworth Brewing Whistling Pig Hefeweizen (replaces Brewing Double Barrel Ale)
It's not really that complicated! L0l. All you really do is just follow people and reblog pictures/gifs c:
Making some final planning on our Olympics trip, average sleep time:6-7 hours. This will be awesome.
You will have the chance to win one of the FIRST NEW Denver Broncos Jerseys (there will be 3 total winners).
Haha. It's a book. It can be dreadfully boring at times and I am required to read about 15-20 pages tonight ):
I often have a strong urge to ctrl+F print documents
What up bro I love your stuff and I was wondering if u whould like to do a interview for my YouTube series InFocus With MJR
Don't approach a goat from the front, a horse from the back, or a fool from any side. [Jewish Proverb]
Our favorite things to eat we're juicy piano riffs, with a side of salty bass lines, and a cup of marmalade drum beats
It's hard to see my Aztecs go through a tough time, but I know it will pass. Still wearin' my red and black.
lets go hookers! where we going?
March WILL be different than February.
Watching this laker game. Let's go lakers
we're dishing out W's and ass kickings.
baseball. the football game was over at kickoff.
I love the feeling I get after soccer practice <3
but Paseo is an outdoor hang out place in LA
HA! (sorry for the delay - just saw this)
Just downed a Jones
Lakers need to put kobe on gallinari
Thank you to my work for the much needed spa day!! I could get used to having Fridays off! :)
Feliz #CincodeBrendo! Donate to amazing cause in honor of and his day of birth!
i have the greatest sister eveer she took jay last night so ican sleep my baby loves her ninis bed
Every time I see a new person at the gate, I will speak to them in a different accent just to confuse them
What an amazing finish!! The #vuelta never ceases to surprise! Congrats to Froome!
RT: Who inspires you this Women's History Month? #womenweadmire My mom
Starving!!! And there's nothing to eat at my house. ;-;
cool. looking forward to hearing more!
He has the passion.
I am posting and blogging the contest photos tonight! Winners will be announced this Wednesday so stay tuned!
I'm also doing well... how's life treating you?
I've started a kickstarter to fund my kickstarter. Please send me your money
Do I know you did I say hi to you I don't think so so what's you name?
Woke up late...en route to the gym...gonna jump in that pool...
Yeah! Like global warming. It'll still be there tomorrow, man. Get some rest.
TV going crazy..trying to watch #yanks..#NYR and #knicks...are maybe its just me running back and forth!
TSA needs to pick it up a little bit. The process is still too long.
With your sophomoric arguments, please don’t saddle our kind, turn your eyes into accoutrements, dj music will expanded your mind.
I am still very much a work in progress...
My new glasses should be arriving tomorrow! Woohoo! :D
I am that broken hearted girl
PR tip i had forgotten, never call the BizJournal on a Wed. that is their deadline day. Thanks Aliza for all the tips today!
can I suit up and be your Ozzie Guillen in the dugout?
Long time no peep howz the lady?
thank you again to my followers for following just one more till 100
RT : RT if you want to win Dancing With The Stars!
Next month is going to be crazy. Can't wait though
skip that class and hit that bong
Bottomless chips and salsa at Chili's: I just found the bottom. You lied.
no charges for voting Standard text rates apply tho
hey Bettina, thanks for follow.
Thanks! Sorry we couldn't be there. We'll let you know when we reschedule for Manchester.
Had Ah Long Fuqking Day Today Filled With Lies And Unloyalty!
Pujols homers....now the MLB season can begin.
RIP Levon Helm, co-founder of The Band. Take a load off.
Can you tell the difference bet product changes on your metrics and external changes such as competition actions?
Doing very well! How are you doing?
NZ canoeing duo flying under radar at Olympics
Are you planning on attending the concert, Lance?
Mom: I wish I would have appreciated my body in my teens and 20s. Dad: I appreciated it.
Child Prostitution Needs to be Stopped
I've been pretty obsessed with my supplied fitbit on day one. I hope I can keep it up because THE DATA. OH THE DATA.
Work Hard. Play Hard. Sleep Heavy.
On our email list? We'll be sending out our quarterly e-newsletter early next month with a special offer for subscribers only! DM us now!
Legal records professionals needed for opportunity in large firm in San Diego! Please email me at !
hey you too! I'm lost on this adventure but if it's in Baltimore I'm in!
come in tonight ! I work from 3-8
i'm visiting with my sexy girlfriend 2nite and we're getting up to no good! wanna hear all about our naughty exploits? cum chat 4 free!
i see you.
come to Portland so i can meet you already. Like really. All I hear from my friends is about you & the rest of PF. Come. 😁👍
On the website?! It should!!! I thought I just tested it. Can you get to it through my Tumblr post?
Using a neti-pot for the first time. See you on the other side.
This just in: GloZell put alcohol on welps on her skin! Does it help or not?
RT : Did you know Watermelon is actually a vegetable? It is related to cucumbers, pumpkins & squash. #DidYaKnow. Really?
I'm not really "cool" with any of my EX's.. I don't see how you fuckers do it *shrugs*
being "out" online is mostly liberating, but I do have to dial it WAY down on discussions like these as a result
Hungry as fuck n no one wants to buy food!
Off to KL for a Panasonic shoot... Looking forward to it. Been a while since visiting KL
You said "I love you". I sneezed and said "Sorry, I'm allergic to bullshit
I don't think the nvidia drivers are working for me in 11.10; dragging windows remains slow & jerky. And... there's Unity.
God turned the Nile river into blood wut
How are we doing on this Sunday?
haha, true that.
last week of work! holla holla :)
I'd tell you I miss you, but it wouldn't change anything
Not the coach's decision on draft day, unless that coach happens to be named Eric Mangini.
To a kid raised in PITTSBURGH, NYC was always where everything cool lived,so it feels great to be back here after so many years.
Chelsea wins! Chelsea wins the FA Cup!
Lol Mr. House and Mr. Car xD
My first #bloggiesta too. Working on mini-challenges today and having fun!
My Birthday on the 25th!... What Am I gone Shake? Decisions.. Descisions lmao
Time to sleep after everyth being arranged and confirmed I Need my #Power #Energy #GoodHealth ....
the wolves ate his heart brain and dick off.
Photoshoot tonight! More sexy photos coming your way ;) <3
There is a temporary power outage affecting half of the #IUPUI University Library. We will keep you posted.
Recommends J.S. Mill's 'On Liberty'.
Look on our profile. :)
Big congrats!!!
Tell that...he's already leaning towards Mo retiring because of this. Kay's imitating Bayless now
No Joke. A big bat comes "swooping" into the newsroom. Almost "dive-bombed" He tried to trap it with a recycling bin. Awesome.
No sweat
stare down your shadow and the eyes behind the sun. now you can do anything and yet you continue to run...
IF(CELL = ???") Is that four apostrophes? My eyes is bugging.
say! That does sound convenient! I don't think I can afford *not* to buy a Kindle! Will check finances and get back to you ASAP.
the arena?
Happy Monday, Boston. Still proud of those and so happy to have them back home. #GoPats!
it was okay it could of been better, then boom , yhuuu tweeted <3
Spring Beauty Trends!!!
We won't show any footage for a while. Still shooting. Keep your eye out for a trailer coming soon.
My life is watching my little sister play basketball.
can't wait to see it!
Lookie here, that's just blasphemy! knows the difference.
Whats everyone doing today? It's a "pull" day for me! Dude told me I should start wearing gloves... My calloused hands are gorgeous! ;)
Thanks! I'll check that one out.
That awkward moment when a girl says get off my nuts........
Shop at #wholefoods today! 5% of their profits go towards helping runaway and homeless kids in Wisconsin.
I wish you would stop putting yourself down. I bet your amazing!(:
My syllabi are almost finished for the fall. I can't believe that school starts in a little over a week. Where did my summer go? ack! :D
enjoying the #StPatricksDay tweets/photos from downtown CLE, y'all. but glad i'm not there.
Had another student book a.....NATIONAL COMMERCIAL for Hanes.....with MICHAEL JORDAN
feel better, love! we'll be back in nyc soon! and ... get ready!
Every beautiful girl has that dumb ass guy, that did her wrong. and made her strong.
that is downright hot for there....I really mean summerninDetroit hot...
Looks like a Jessica Simpson shoe, but I suppose that's a knockoff of something else, too.
I have only been to one class this term, about to go to my second one today though
it was weird, He forgot lyrics to entire songs. People were walking out in the middle of the show.
I need to put my tape on .
whether I poetry or dancing... I still met her at the club...
Spending the rest of the day laying on my stomach. Huzzah for health.
RT Tonight's plan: Listen to Feynman and Sagan until I feel better about the world again.
Ignore the snow; it really is nearly spring! Spring cleaning is a great time to set aside things to #donate to Goodwill!
Can't believe it took me so long to see this!
aite signin off but somfs hit me up kay
we share NOTHING
Still nor sure wtbd is with Twitter
Today is nice day.
FB going public next week. Clearly not one of the 1% worthy of $30 per share cost. My cost $100. So much for the little fish in the pond.
not that precious lil bro said,joseph you ugly lmao..i had fun with her tho (:
I for real am gonna save this Piña Colada this time 😝
Hey just wondering when will u be done with nba rankings?
yu always kill it<3 love you so much! <3
Thank you “: I like your logo.”
Driving an hour South to surf this weekend and an hour North to snowboard next weekend...living in California is AWESOME!!!
looking at a house and then a big bbq bday tonight for J! We got him a scooter!
Hello to our new followers! Thanks for the support...
Dear , I dig you, but your process for unlinking an account from an email address is f#$cking ridiculous. Make it easy.
You know how smart your friends think you are when you get 44/50 on a test and thinks you got 44% lol
You need to be in this class so you can tell me what Im missing.
Austin always does concerts in the same states. Same Mahomies get to meet him. While others still haven't got that chance.:/
Will Somebody Plz Come Shoot Me 😁🔫 Ugh< sure which gun you want me to use? lol
; I'm not perfect & neither are you.. But together we're imperfectly perfect <3
Heading to Youngstown for pizza and wings #yay :)
Ahaha he is he is! Imma put you on
. But can be hard to do! "... Client Development Tip: Figure out what your clients want and deliver it. Exactly!!!!"
#FirstDateRules i cant wait til me n go on r 1st date!
: "Sometimes happiness is to need for nothing" - thanks for all the insight. That particular quote touched me.
I think 13
Did you see his broadway show while you were in NYC?
Come for Happy Hour this evening Always a good look.
Best mash efficiency so far. I might actually be getting better at this.
Please continuously bitch about the Timeline, I'm sure it will just disappear
so what's in the bag?? please do tell :)
that was richard thompson then
Who is going to win the $2000 tonight !?
Isn't it strange that on TV a detective can only solve a case once he is suspended from duty.
Insomnia sucks!!!! I'm super grumpy this morning b/c I feel like I slept about 30 minutes last night. Grrrrr!
u got 2... gotta do the same
u never followed me back...
I need a haircut :/
Speaking at a school today and here's my speech: Be awesome. Have fun doing it. Any questions?
Blown away by Cooper Lighting intros at #lfi2012 using advanced optical waveguide technology. 90+% optical efficiency; 90+ LPW output.
RT : awesome time Well done guys. Last night was a blast as well. Awesome listening to (thanks!)
RT Just reported a police trap on I- 270 S, using Waze - Drive Social
RT : This Saturday: concerts & Texas Natural Science Center 2 pm - 4pm! Cultural Campus...
Game of Thrones. Aww yeah
watching My Babysitter's a Vampire !!!
Yup! Thats how u gotta do it sumtimes RT : put me on the spot huh lol
always helpful!
Thanks! It was taken on the set of
RT : RT : As a speaker is master at tying disparate tactics into a unified big picture. Killing it
Curators are typically gatekeepers, while educators are gate openers.
I do! Follow me! :D
Yayy and my mom got me candy :)
This event will bennifit Harvest Home. Located in Venice, CA. A organization that houses Women who are pregnant and Homeless
I WANNA BE HOME.
SCHOOL! BUS! DEMO! LITION! DERBY! I heart the Washington Co. Fair.
awesome , sounds good (:
ah you're welcome. It's what I do. :)
Are we dating? Are we fucking? Are we best friends? Are we something in between that?
No worries, hope you are feeling better! +VP
Humm...what to do this weekend? We've got free Hawaiian Music Concert, Sam Choy Poke Competition and more. See you !
If there's a better time and place for cookies and pizza than 'tonight' and 'in bed' I don't know what it is.
Just delivered to and and !
"Only by giving are you able to receive more than you already have." - Jim Rohn
And we just thought they were happy cows.
YOU BLEW IT
Working on my production schedule now, but regardless, I'll make it happen.
it's because people are talking to each other instead of playing with their phones
I want that #sallyisdead photo for my tumblr. Got to find it.
how is it saturday where you are?
I've got a mad crush on you. [;
Only two days until Chick-Fil-A Leadercast. Volunteering for the day as a VIP Lounge Host. I am excited to be able to help..
really now haha :)
Sometimes Showing Interest Just Isn't Enough
You'll have to check the Lava cake at the Charthouse next time you are in Portland and especially the view.
I'd rather be punched in the face than tickled.
Got the NFL ticket on my iPad. Thanks Chance!!!
Thanks for the retweet, guys. I enjoy your show.
oh, snap! Lol
Boy they really reel in the fans there in San Diego don't they...
HAHA. Love you!!
derp! I love them :')
I BALL LIKE I AINT GOT A CHOICE. Y'ALL BALL LIKE YOU DON'T BOUNCE BACK. HATERS IN THE BUILDING...
a perfect relationship is always changing. you can't just find the perfect person and expect everything to fall into place.
Not being able to sleep<<<
I can feel my heart beating like a marching band ♥
I love my mom and gma... I have never seen my gma mad or sad its crazy... She is a naturally happy person
I worked with both and on freepress.net. The world is mind-blowingly small!!! :)
Can we help with anything?
true enough. this is the dialog you get when you cross a #McKinsey consultant with an #Apple product guy :)
Realizing the racist nature of our society isn't about hating anyone.
thanks! same to you!
Sangria Luxe Lounge in Glendale Tonight 59th ave and utopia just south of the 101 freeway!!
and there's a light ...
My TL be moving fast
Good Evening will be remembered for their indominable spirit.
yeah we talked. I know ,i wanna start saving money to go to korea, omo ure my unni,can I call u that or by youre name?^-^
Fuck it I'm hoopin in the morning
Always happy to inspire a rant.
Headed to Missoula!
I Swear jeca kids stay up the latest knowing we got the most work to be doing lol
Thank you for a great season orange
One way to motivate students who don't want to do much is to be in their faces with a look on your face that shows concern, not frustration.
Another 8 hour at buffalo.. Selling my soul back to that place, one shift at a time 💵💵💵💵🙋
Thanks Chad! I'm having a Dead Poet's Society moment thanks to you.
If its not important enough for you to leave a voicemail it must not be important enough for someone to call back
RT Even when I wake up on time I always spend an extra hour laying in bed, on twitter...SMH
I wasn't even thinking of the fan marquee guy, but you're right, he's insane!
“: I could love you with all my heart, but the hardest part is, I just can't love you back. -Easton Corbin”
I've that no matter how much I care, some people just don’t care back.
So Coleman University decided I owe $190 before I can graduate! They told me everything was covered, this is going to be a fight.
So true haha!! RT: #HardestThingsInLife having a round bat, a round ball, and hitting it square.
DJ! Thx 4 the follow! We hope u have a chance 2 dig u some Secret Skwirl! Best & Success!
Hahah I'm never taller than anyone. XD
Chef Chris will be making the delicious Tartine on News Channel 5's "Talk Of The Town" today at 11 a.m.! Be sure to check it out!
going in with low expectations can really do wonders! :)
It's tough to keep eating healthy when times go bad. But we CAN keep on track. Keep healthy meals delicious and it's easier. You go, girl!
bowl of chicken noodle soup...oh and sleep...sweet sleep.
right. Submissive is a good thing in context
is at LAX, heading to Dalles, onto Jackson Hole, WY for Yosi's party this week-end, In NYC next week for the return of the
anything new? I miss our long conversations :(
Story Week will be fantastic. Sneed, Campbell and
Ha! Not luck, just doing it. Still, not as much as I would like, but working on it ;-)
let me know if you wanna come- i'll put you on the guestlist. talking to the guys from korea might be good for your research!
at michaels in winter park.
I will sell your soul
thanks so much for the follow! If you ever need a mattress or anything furniture related you now have a Mattrezzz Guy!!!
Almost made it to 1/2 a game. One of these days
I have commitment issues :-/
Are you kidding me Denver traded completely out of the first round!!
I need to effin go to sleep, such a long day tomorrow. If only I could quiet my mind.
Plus it would be evidence of how hard you're trying!
NO WAY. I really am considering watching it now just to see those paintings.
I absolutely love that show! And no one is more corrupt than Nancy so I think you're safe there.
Sounds great!
Go t-dog we love ya good luck at dance !!!!
omg i want you to come
Thanks Jud!! Will try to come soon
Teacher: "Did you study for the test?" Nerd: "All week long." Normal people: "I read the chapter." Me: "What test?!"
JUST signed-off, will shout you out tomorrow, cool?
Howard starts to get teased when he becomes the only one from the University without a Phd, tune into The Big Bang Theory at 6:30!
You have the brightest face & smile to get any day going. We love having you in Nashville!! Hugs Robin!!
I wanna be someone else today...feeling a little mischievous ...in a good way....
Is this kid really scratching his balls right in front of me? Not cool!
follow back please?
Everybody tweet mee your favorite iconic boy!!
It doesn't even work. RT : Facebook for iPhone has to be the most incompetent, slow, frustrating app available.
. is there a link? Thanks
How often do you catch yourself listening to Willow Smith's "Fireball" and question where your taste in music went wrong?
seeing that garbage has a new album out just makes me want to listen to curve.
We are not going to permit these thieving tinhorn gamblers to spoil American sports. That is part of our life - good, clean sport. [1945]
The end if the quarter has that effect.
I miss you.....sucks only seeing you once a week :(
My goal Today! Be a Better Me :)
sounds like fun!
Love is like a calculator, u just keep ending up back at zero
Hello to all of our new followers! If you have any questions, feel free to ask :)
there is that. I'll find it eventually. “: Look for the hat #SMCNSB RT : you here?”
invading my house like some sort of terrorist.... i mean
Biography celebrates Nick Coleman, a giant in Minnesota politics ...
Open your nose
Merry swiftmas eve
no kidding! I'm hoping the folks with the academic internship program can help me.
Just left my new second job at Babies R Us. Lmao. Working at Toys R Us & Babies R Us. #Winning!
jeez. we've already been so spoiled and it's only the first WEEK of their summer vacation. I JUST CANT!
Just got my yearbook. 👌💜
RT : Stay tuned for Charlie Boy Gang new Mixtape dropping 5-28-12 NO GRIND NO SHINE. Weworkin
yes yes yes
Cops: Woman faked pregnancy, beat mom with tire iron to steal baby
Heat vs Pacers! Who Do You Got?
“: One year longer, one year stronger. Last night Dane Co. elected 3 #wiuinon organizers to its Board of supervisors.”
Sandestin Golf and Beach Resort - Championship Golf and Luxury ...: Destin and Fort Walton Beach, along with the attractions of the E...
my favorite!! I love it straight-up cold! :) TGIF! xoxo
Brad Stevens was at Tri-West last night to see them play Park Tudor.
seeing how you react towards a bball game on Twitter is enough to motivate me to buy you tickets for Xmas next year and go with 
My reaction to seeing the escalate EXT is not normal..
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third
2,055 years ago Julius Caesar was stabbed to death in the Roman Senate. Bad blood or bad anchovies? Who cares? It’s March Madness bay-bee!
#beingsinglesucks cuz u don't have that special someone to always be there when needed . Or for them to hold you .
Hickupps I'm hungry and practically busted my ass in the puddle of conditioner ivan left in the tub ☹☹
Don't apologize to me about a conversation where we clash saying you understand my POV, then bitch to my boss about churn.
#RememberHow in elementary school all that was in our minds was recess and lunch
Josh Hamilton your a beast. There's nothing more you can say. He hit 4 homeruns in 1 game and had 8 RBIs
Hockey season just around the corner....can't wait for this season to start. Memorial Cup, here we come!!
did you get them through a grant or did your district by them?
Happy Mother's Day to all the fantastic moms out there young and old!
Your a BEYOND great dancer! I love you so much thank you for inspiring me I wouldn't be who I am today if it wasn't for you💛
Thanks so much for coming to see the show!
Publix is always #1. Teeter is an adequate substitution, and why I drive to NoMa for groceries.
Its snowing
“Keep that chinner of yours in check or we’ll have civ parts spread clear across this draking planet.”
Will the PayPal Pro addon (when its complete) include the ability to charge for one-time and recurring at the same time? thx
Thanks so much - we'd love to have you take it for a spin!
Thank YOU, lady - it was a wonderful event. Always fantastic to be in a room full of so many great people and ideas :)
gettin yu at 5 make sure u bring pj's n stuff we leaving 9am tomorrow
I'm peer pressuring all of my friends into having the best night of their lives with
drew get this girl out of your head man. talking about her is only gonna make it alot worse. move on buddy!
Those LEGO "hackers" are still making things other people dreamed up and designed. Kids still do it better.
Good luck everyone!
If it's very painful for you to criticize your friends - you're safe in doing it
That's good. We saw so many distressed people with no family, no support system at all outside "corrections". You must, too.
Hockey players we have coaches looking for players join today post highlights and photos so MU can see your skills
I was lucky...didn't move far at all. A funny story, when I can tell ya, you'll crack up! ttyl ;-)
Watson is whistling in chapel today. You're missing out!
I mean, he (was in the room where they) picked MW the first time. He should know better.
Oh I thought I was following you already! I followed you now (:
Hey to you too (: I'm coming up June 20th and I'm free until July 1st. Reunion? I think so.
Staring at a car with spinners on it..that shit been played out.
Hate that ur being held back..
OMG I went to Walmart & saw your mag! I was beyond stoked to see it and I'm totally gonna subscribe :D This is awesome
Life is simple, it's jut not easy...
Andre Ward is a fabulously talented saxophonist. He is playing at Scullers on April 21. Go!
GOTTA WORK ON NEW MUSIC NO MATTER WHAT! EVERY DAY ALL DAY !
exactly, i don't text or call ppl you wanna talk too my ass you better come find me, cause im always caked up to worry bout them
RT “Truth & love must prevail over lies & hatred,” #Havel. It helped end the Cold War.
Hope a scottish rite fellow wins the prize for the most tweets
A little cray cray after 7 hours of dialogue. Now I have a million things to accomplish before 10 am.
Nick Collison is basically the #NBA's version of Gollum
Dear ARC parking lot. I dislike you, because I can never remember where my car is
Gonna Wear Me Some Blue Today To Show My Wildcat Pride Go BiG BlUe!!!!
Seconded. MT : Forming an exploratory committee to nominate Werner Herzog as narrator of the Fifty Shades of Grey audiobook.
The Saints have allowed a 1st 80% of the time on 3rd/4th and short this year. 3rd worst in NFL. Can't blame Mike Smith for having
Haha, yep! :D
