Thanks Dave! And Thanks for giving me so many photojournalism opportunities while in South Korea!!
Watching the muppets BECUZ some dirty ass bastard decided to steal my cable while I was sleeping, smh I'm pissed!
You're not the only one!
what are you talking about???
my firm has give time&treasure over the past 20 years to the SD R-Party.No longer.Tired of their games and divisive leadership.
I blocked him, but I saw he mentioned me after....According to him, because I found his bible blitizkrieg in my mentions annoyin
Cant wait till the besti get here uggh bored
trying not to nap. got up early for tennis
I guess #Cubs fans can forget about Fielder. Rizzo is a younger (22) solid option. Be excited. Avg tix @ Cubs: $65
I hope so. I have owie teeth so fingers crossed
When you want to talk to someone about something but you don't know how to bring it up<<<
yours bigger and wider :)
ThermaCELL contest has great prizes. Use my code when you enter: 4RBFQ. thermacell.com/mosquito-repellent/backyard/promotions
Im always gonna be a face to face kinda girl & for that
Mixing has officially begun!
lol I know u know what I mean.
right?? People who say that town is dead are bananas. It's just really, really cold.
Wats good people I am back in da building
update email #4 to have the word 'melted' in italics.
I miss Lyle Overbay. Not so much as a Brewer. More like I miss him being in the lineup like he was yesterday.
Nap time.
OMMMGGGG, my cartilage is startin to get that big as bubbleeea #EWWWWW .
I have seen "left behind" now that i have been left behind i imagined something different
TY for the RT did an amazing job of recovering. He was so smooth and unruffled. Great recovery!
I got homework. I don't feel like doing it. Must be getting to the end of the semester. This school needs to get on the quarter system.
ugh still working on it. I wish I was sleeping. Why do I always think procrastinating is a good idea?
I MISSED DANCE MOMS. oh well, staying up so I can watch the re-run of this weeks episode:)
Great meeting with staff on state and federal charter school issues. Hope to have him tour MO charters soon.
Morning Sultan!
I can't stop listening to L'z anthem ..
Being inspired causes you to be an inspiration.
My left arm feels weird.. :o like its gonna fall off.. What if im having a heart attack?
WTF are you doing in Arena? Trash and Treasure?
Headed to the World Architecture Festival event in London! Great days at High Point Market.
Ok cool! Keep checking back here and our Facebook for more shows!
did they have to put her down?
sure thing
Considering using Exhibit for my next digital liberal arts course. Can students grok and produce RDF more easily than SQL?
Thought u're only supposed to riot if u win. #Confused RT : Riots, fires continue in downtown Vancouver after Stanley Cup loss.
jealous! needs some fun office toys! #slip&slide maybe? But love pingpong!
#whydoeseveryone have a cracked iPhone? You should really be more careful =P make #whydoeseveryone a TT haha
Website is up and running!
I feel for you. I hope they can be reconstructed somehow?
Its okay, & omfg I legit just went too. lolol. I'm gonna go to bed now, I'm sleepy. good night hoe.
Happy Mothers Day :* Love u!!! <3
I do! (Also, I want to finally play some portal multiplayer soon.)
now I really hope Chelsea beats Liverpool for second time in less than week Tue. Sorry mate but again happy for u for Jon.
Do you people not subscribe to magazines?!I dont understand why I the only one outraged by the prospect of not recieving mail on Saturday.
That would work, but I don't want to have to chit-chat. Plus, you know, murder.
Would the real change be represented in underemployment statistics?
Females will move on fast and open thier heart real quick..????
at a dnc private party- no idea who these ppl are- lol
lol I don't think anyone has ever offered to lick my toes! Hahaha thank you! ;)
Just because you put syrup on somethin' don't make it pancakes
Back-to-back concert nights. At Showbox SODO now for "The Naked and Famous". Coldplay tomorrow. I can feel my batteries recharging :-)
lactaid tastes legit
hey, thanks!!!! I'll take a look!
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times...
switch of birth :) and then 2 hours teen mom tonight
#UPEIAN105 A gentle reminder to read the Whitehead and Van den Berghe articles for tomorrow. We now return you to your regular programming.
: Sounds fun! Have a good one! :)
Thinking of the absurdity of attempting to tabulate, compute and define people in terms of incidental factors like age, weight, or height.
I LOVE that Idea, so I GIVE this some thought.
I use echelon it's cool and free
it's official now
Hm I wonder if kim kardashin sex tape still out like can u find it?.
Figuring out how to play a piano with magic and sound but no hands. Making theater is amazing.
Agreed! makes some delicious at
lol I wish! I know I have too much stuff. Trying to scale back now.
I am getting much too good at changing clothes in my car.
Does anybody know where I can spend these Sklansky dollars as I have alot of them tonight
Drop his ass Miguel.
I think they play at noon
what shoe? RT : restock on size 13 yet?
freezing my ass off in my room
They have rich owners. They never said they didn't have money, they just never spend.
#BOOM... Latch it!
this pizza is burning my mouth!! D;
Come to Toledo...Soon. Thank you :)
I saw it too. LOVED it! Mark Ruffalo is perfectly cast as David Banner/The Hulk.
Giving Wisconsin cheese on a regular basis is one of the best ways to grease the proverbial wheels of
Txttlktees back from the World Tour of Japan. Had an unreal time there!!!
Eating strawberries, whip cream and choclate syrup :)) yum
|#quotes Greatness is not a function of circumstance. Greatness, it turns out, is largely a matter of conscious choice, and discipline.
Ok, Moneyball is getting better....started a little slow....guess I will stick with it...
Would any of my wine drinking tweeps be upset if I put an ice cube in my KoolAid, aka Beringer Zinfandel? Didn't think so.
"I used to have a bowl named G." "..like a crack pipe?" "uh no, i smoked weed out of it..."
The taylor gang compilation album is gonna be nice.
Sad day in #NJ history... #FortMonmouth closing due to 2005 #BRAC decision.
Gave you what I had& you tossed it in the trash
- Senate Republicans are refusing to vote for a budget because it includes earmarks... that they requested be in the budget.
caffeine is ok! Not quitting CHOCOLATE. It is something in the coffee oils. I had tea and chocolate. Still hurting.
in the studio with Bronze
Congrats Melanie #TheXfacter she deserves it
Must See: VBrick Streaming Formula Hybrid this afternoon
glad to see so many friendly faces at #idigbio!
I could not believe how lazy he was in last night's game, it was infuriating! And I had such high hopes when we got him, too..
  pray for me lol
I agree that Black Widow is an advancement in the depiction of woman heroes, but still come on, her main power/ability is deceit...
I think the SLJ review spoils a major plot point in LforA, which I read before the book. Hope you like it as much as I did.
Winning another election isn't the end for Walker. He still has promises to keep to ALL of us.
I love watching you on Chelsea Lately and I want so much for you to have your own show!! #Hilarious!!
Smash! The version is hot too! RT : Is it me or is TRAIN Drive By a GREAT record?
Wow - what a month! 2 trips to China in one month, but for the right reasons! I don't mind travel, really. In fact, I love the adventure.
RT : writing another column for
I don't know about you, but if I don't do my job, I don't get paid.
Thanks to the talented staff for the opportunity to listen to you and learn from you. Now to the in Abilene!
haha i'm sure we can make that happen....
every one says that im not him who is he every one says are u naill
#2ThingsIAppreciate life and everything
The Lakeshow has been cancelled due to a Thunderstorm
Everyone knows that im a goofy fun person naturally but when im serious trust you'll know and i dont play games when i am.
Sweet! I'll pass it around.
We are excited to be here : Excited that & from will be attend the 14th LATINA
Check out nu song and video /watch?v=vxFUzW… /via
Daily devo. Then music time, and maybe a little Fruit Ninja? (:
Early they're AWESOME, then they are fun, then weird, then... depressing. If you hit 100 then they get awesome again.
RT : Miranda Lambert concert halted in Wichita, Kan., audience told to stay in arena bowl -
Did anyone else's checkin's dramatically drop on their business page?
What does it say when my type 2 diabetes dad says give me another pill instead of a diet change?
Finally! tonight. I'm dressing up as Cersei and punching myself in the face every time I see Joff on screen.
: Takes time & effort for journos to tell real stories, but owe it to us. Not just about clashes w/ police.
Good things come to those who wait?..... No
I think that sounds like a fantastic idea!!!! I'm down!!
Yeah i made it the entire night, in HEELS!!!!!!!
you kids that sit there cryin because of a relationship every night need to learn what real problems are.
#Paypal is an absolute nightmare to work with. I swear I get the same 18 year old boy reading from a cue card every time I call.
Work your magic witch or I'll kill everyone you fancy.
Americans love lists.
Fa Face all I need is an ear my G! I grew up on your music and Pac's. Lend me an ear!
next time, don't forget the pickles
thinkin shawn will have two choices next yr. military or job corp. lol if i have my way w/ my move. lol
- always good.. Maybe not always great.. But always good.. How bout u?
Morning Rockstars! > Never lose a chance of saying a kind word. - William Thackeray
Thank god Dennis and Carl are not alive to see how bad their group is now. #beachboys # Grammys
We are very excited to have you attend & for our very fun event! :)
Dreams come to reality
I just spent all day outside doing work for my sister, came home & my amp doesn't work at all now... no guitar sound = sad day :(
At the same Dam time
Seeing Duke's production of the musical Ragtime tonight. Been too long since I've seen a musical or a student production. Will be fun!
RT : CHART OF THE DAY: Proof That Fannie And Freddie Didn't Cause The Housing Bubble...
#Jealous RT : “: Question: "who's got a #meetmeme card?" Everyone at table raises hand. Boom #smmatters”
Pacific Palisades Garden Club Garden Tour - Palisadian-Post
Wouldn't be a 2012 Tournament game without lots of questionable end-of-game decisions.
Giving out Ipads! Follow me!
met this morning with and going right now to play with their web site. You can build your own bike lanes!
RT : RT : Happy #EarthDay! Remember, the greenest building is the one already here! Hug your local historic site!
So, like, you're a man right?
Not a boxing fan, Ima wrestling fan! Bout to watch this fight anyways though just to see if the money hitting machine gone win.
haha it's really easy though my other students are doing really well with it!
my arms are so sore from the shots i got in my arms today.
July 14th thurs. did show as MonteCarlo Brown w/ReazonOne. Please stay tuned for more MonteCarlo Brown.
That sounds like a blast!!
I'll put my slides up, but I think they archive the Virtual Conference sessions. I'll also be presenting it #aam2012 on 5/1
Twitter for blackberry's= amazing
How can I already be so far behind when today is the first day of the semester? Don't answer that.
swarm of local and national media covering this story today...officers will be appearing in court for arraignment in 20 mins
Today's Shabazz and Noel announcements may determine whether was onto something in his UK article for
puerto ricans are just niggas with good hair that can swim really good -
#Showcasesundays is not today its next Sunday @ da sub t send stage name to
Great show tonite got some good film with film coming soon! good looking out to the AMG family..all the best!
I was on follow limit
God is truly beautiful & rich in mercy // please don't take Him for granted
Hell, it seems we're all gonna get THAT anyway. Its taking out everyone.
Good-humored, unaffected girls, will not do for a man who has been used to sensible women. They are two distinct orders of being. ~
Today will unfold.. there might be a plan, but regardless, it will unfold and the unexpected will happen. Go with flow..
lmao that guy totally stole my money right in front of my face hahaha
Their doing fine. My son is preparing for prom and graduation. How's your family?
Every time I watch Dear John it reminds me of , b/c I know how much she loves this movie. ^.^<3
Hope it's a great night tonight--every lineup you've had has been pretty exciting.
[email] lovely lovely pea
African feast today in class with
Awh,How you been though?
when can we got y'all in San Diego? We need some of y'all ignorance!
my littlest says, "Mom, I love you super bad." ditto, darling boy.
I wish I had a rescue pack that could always come to the rescue.
My cold will not go away! My whole class has been sneezing and coughing - Thank God it's Friday. I will be sleeping as much as possible.
a balanced budget is but NOT a balanced budget amendment!
Like That Thanks 4 Picking My Name.Problems
&&& the sample you sent me sucked as !!!! i should post that shit so EVERYBODY can see wtf im talking bout . . . .
haha it's very rare I suppose(:
Real PR Media cutting its fees by nearly 50% for 2012! Let us know if you'd like news coverage. We have the best contacts in the news media!
Heading to Headliner's Club for forum!
We tried more than once to record The Office and the DVR wouldn't allow it. However, we can buy the opportunity via on demand for 99cents.
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Syrup Desserts - Dessert (live updates)
Why, when you actually finish homework at a decent time, there is nothing to do.
I miss the old Staples commercial..."It's the most wonderful time of the year!"
“: my last tweet. me ultimo tweet good luck buena suerte.”. Douchebag
In related news, #uxdrinkinggame is my new favorite site
Stuck in line at the Dutch Bros. Coffee drive-thru on 4th Plain Blvd. This is maddening.
Rest up before my insanity workout
Blocking social networking sites from school to protect kids from the dangers of the web=using abstinence-only ed. to prevent pregnancy.
I'm pissed off & dejected, but the C's will be back strong next year, bigger & better in the middle. Deeper bench.
No tweet on the second Middlebrooks HR of the night?
the day you unfollowed me was the day I gave up on twitter. haha
Follow me and I will follow you back!
WAVE GAME!!
Tell me if this sounds bad..Happy Vday from ur fav creeper, I wish I was Inside of U...
really? Recently? Did anyone have any good fixes??
Good news after good news.... shhhh nobody move
u one the most creative go rls dat has ever been in my life :)
Caztro done in da booth and John D owes him one now thats respect on Caztros part reps 100
Bleed is so god I just bought it
lol u there yet?
#liber2011 To derive impact metrics automatically, the info from which we derive the metrics must be openly available.
Have to say, I like the home page for bing.com... results aren't bad either ;)
This May 21st thing has been a epic fail since since the sox bullpen gave up 8 runs in the 8th inning vs the cubs
u got one big ass.
Today is Jon Koncak's birthday. And Tony Parker, Channing Frye, and Danny Manning.
Woods Hole dispatch: cargo pants are the fashion to be seen in.
$NCVT: Now is the time to do your diligence and consider adding NCVT to your portfolio!
RT if you love jeans! Where have you found your favorite denim duds?
would u rather we get into playoffs or lottery for rest of season, I kinda wanna get into lottery!!
In chi <3
We love it! RT : - by the way, I saw the new office last week and it's terrific. Hope you're enjoying it!
Today is the DMV Study Session 1-2pm @ our Georgia King Village location.
finally found our countertops yesterday. $28/sq ft for granite at Atlanta Intown Granite... not too shabby
If I had Jimmy Neutron's Brain, Phineas & Ferb's Summer, and Timmy Turner's Goldfish... my LIFE WOULD BE BETTER.
“: New slogan for san francisco - "San Francisco.. why can't I fucking turn left?!.."” >>> loll
just followed :))
#PCA really seating arrangements
follow my new account please c: love you all <3
Kimberly's daughter wants to go to lacrosse game 2night instead of awards ceremony for her great grades. Kimberly is OK with that. Thoughts?
#ff shout out to our partners in South Africa
Those are cute
Playing and singing tonight (solo) at Red, White and Bluezz in old Pasadena, 6;30-9:30, great food, no cover.
Special special thanks to for jiggling the schedule to help with a scheduling challenge! #superthanks!
you totally jinxed my blackberry. That little black clock won't go away!
Aww That was Cute ♥ :)
NGP looking for a database administrator seeking full time employment in DC. Send me your resume.
Agreed...Plus..ice cream tastes better than pucks...
#easternmarket is where it's at!
B Lynch shoot that bio and current team to my man!!! BIG G will contact you Monday Morning
New officers elected for Wake County Young Dems. Matthew Calabria: Pres | Brad Johnson: VP | Austen High: Sec | Priscilla Peace: Treasurer
how do you pronounce the thing with the sqiggly that looks like a q?
On my way to
Oh ok. I read a report from the Manilla Bulletin saying he did loosely reference it..
MY 11:11 SHIRT HAS BEEN SHIPPED. AH I CAN NOT WAIT TO GET IT <3
Thank you to anyone who's tagged AHP on #facebook today for #TagTuesday I appreciate your support <3
Boy, you are NOT a fan of that show. You don't even have to attach a
"Don Giovanni" M&G - a fresh young American cast (for the most part) ready to take on some Mozart lead by Italian maestro and creative team!
order from facebook! click start your order above!
You're welcome! Hope you had a good flight to Austin - see you tomorrow!
when people get on the bus loud as ever..
Jeez, I need more friends.
story of my life dude.
It's like you were reading my mind. Have you ever considered a career as a physic?
Ok bye.
some of the most effective touch screen experiences don't require user to actually touch the screen
Latest build of FRED seems more stable.
Gold on deck Gold on deck bitch
Gonna take off soon. Thanks for the good times, Orlando
bad attitude? never really had a bad experience...
Are you guys gonna go to
Hey #saa11, watch the SAA home page for call for volunteers for annual meeting task force. Throw in your hat & tell me why I want you!
I believe my route comes pretty close!
It was tasty and I couldn't resist getting it...C'mon...a Gold Rush Roll...=)
Ah CES week, how I love watching for amazing coverage of over-the-top press event antics.
Let's go Yobigiya All Stars.
RT : RT : "We're fools whether we dance or not, so we might as well dance." ~Japanese Proverb #quote RT
Trash talk against RGIII is shameful jealousy. His class matches his incredible play at Baylor; a winner on-field and off.
Finally the New Directions win!!
Sounds awesome!
Hey stranger!
Thanks - If it's going up on a wall, post a pic. RT : SFO and ORD arrived. Such a simple concept, SO well executed. Beautiful!
Man I miss my Keurig!!
I can't do #NoSockFlow hahah
If Gonzo only hits 26HR, I will cry.
Beliebers Are Amazing And Lovely
I don't know if his passing is recent, but sending u love & peace energy for wherever you find yourself in life right now.
First yah boy says, "START living my dream"... Nigga I thought u was already living it with all the fans u got.. -_- wat more do u need? Acm
is checking firmness, ripeness, signs of bruising and decay.
Get to Outwrite tonight and take advantage of our KING SIZE SALE b4 tomorrow's rain. Great selection & the savings are ENORMOUS. Open til 10
Come pre game the show with me tonite!
Its North Not "Norf"!
If you like fun you will want to make sure you are signed up for by Friday. Seattle is about to get muy bueno!
Happy Birthday! :)
follow back
Just saw Big Year with Owen Wilson and Steve Martin. Great movie! And based on a true story. :)
you're darn right I did!
Hi Tweeters!
lol crazy boy.
RT : House Budget Commitee opts for massive cuts in social spending to preserve wasteful militay spending....
tells us that games involving Taylor at the NAIA Opening Rd will have a video & audio stream online. Audio free, video $4.95
instead of canceling the show it's going to turn into Survivor: Seattle Grace lmaooo
Hear hear! RT Kessenides Today is about celebrating #Barnard2012 grads and all women, community.
I think that needs to bring there handsome selves down to FL!! :)
we gonna find you
Sucks I wish I could be outside the radio station where Austin is I could have gone but my mom and dad are working boo:(
: Savant? Really?
CANT SLEEP SO HERE I AM GOOD MORNING TWITTER
LOL! “: I was looking at your pic & I thought you had 6 fingers around that glass lol”
werd glad you lied it be sure to post a pic when you when ya get it. We should trade love your site by the way
- Next Opportunity
shush them lips and rock your hips at lunch tomorrow tay lmao
Good Morning World!!
buffalo... get down to mohawk place. now .
Just sent you an email. Sorry for the delay!
I think I just tweeted nothing...;)
I dont wanna kiss no lips that taste like ashes . . .
Thank you! Stay fit! RT Thanks for #following. Have a great night.
... developing satisfaction from use of leisure time, social responsibility, and friendship.
living the jersey shore dream in somewhere's-ville PA!
Ikr I'm not liking it so far
And our clients have run the gamut as well. So, the bulk of it is based on direct experience. +
If I'm invited, yes. ;) #kidding The Ink48 hotel restaurant/bar area is pretty swank and their hors d'oeuvres are good, too.
why won't the app start up ? Only a blank screen. I'm rockin iOS latest version.
Get the Free version not the trial.
All of our problems are so simple to solve. We could end homelessness overnight, close every prison,fortify every family against wrong doing
you might need a social scientist to interface in this residence program ;) (audience comment)
Just saw a miniature tow truck being towed by a pickup truck. Confusing.
wish it would come to this but don't think it will. Better than burrows and lapierre getting on last year?
jus tore it down!!!
we're not crazy or anything we just love the smell of fresh grass!
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
What a rainy start to this week. Don't forget your umbrella today!
Can't wait to see that!
Rule #5 .. Show no love, love will get you killed '
Looking at vFabric5. Love the Elastic Memory for Java concept. It can make a big difference.
#LMSunSIG accessibility: salve Regina group to work on universal design
be picky!
Watchin the episode of vistorious where trina gets her wisdom teeth removed. All I can think of is
Duhh I Did..
RT : For all matters #WW1 & #WW2 the gentleman who knows is Join me in following him & visit his excellent site
haha i knew many of u guys felt that way
People are REALLY nice here! In other places, if you miss your stop, you're out. Here, people get out wherever!
IT"S GOING DOWN THIS SATURDAY @ RAIN E40 SET N IT OFF N DA AZ NWC WILL B ON DECK NODOUBT REPP N HARD 4 DA AZ ................
hahaha just omg... there are always hot guys at the mall lol :D
#raw10 A red-haired, green eyed Guy, got mad at me n said to Go back to Africa! I told Him 2 go back to Ireland, I was here B4 U
I think I'm going to start a public service campaign, 'Are you using your Inside Voice?' Too many loudmouths!
I have enough jerseys (15) My fav being my Best no. 7 long sleeve. I won't be adding gingham 2 the collection
Some Women aint meant to be Wives, some of yall are here to help Men see what he DONT want in a Wife! :)
Watch yourself in there. I always over eat.
Words I Never Said - Lupe Fiasco (:
Just testing the Twitter link. Carry on.
frick friend! Get your phone fixed.... :( and you should call me asap cause my life is filled with nonsense!
The Gorilla Music Battle of the Bands Finals has moved to august 13th so buy a ticket.
Whats more pathetic: #sportscenter actually showed highlights of a lebron flag football game, or the amount of time they spent analyzing it
anybody up for a good chat? PLEASE... if not talk to me
I had a few issues when I first Jailbroke it but it seems to be working good now.
Event :) can't wait to go home
Wake up everyday and do 3-6 things to do to make money. > advice for my blogging mentor.
Hey, you answered my friends question about your birthday, what kind of vans do you like?
Sometimes my phone irritates me on the things it 'thinks' I want to spell :|
And SVNGR team be warned: We're not taking this lightly
Nothing is quite it seems in the city of dreams.
TY Ana! ;p RT : Hello - keep up with the great blogging!
<3 it's Friday! Seeing tonight in Eugene... pastrami at tomorrow... then movie at
doing very well, thanks! good to hear from you!
I can't even stand on me feet but here I am..
Gr8 Day All! Happy
My butt just twitched...
Thank you for the RT. How's your day going?
The R. Kelly one or the Mickey Mouse one.
RT : We're makin' waves!
Thank you. It's for me. I am making my bouquet. :)
You are welcome! To you too! Your games look really cool btw.
I'm having the "my goldfish died" moment and it sucks. Ah I don't even think I wanna go to 9fest anymore -_-
Thanks 4 the follow Pete! Look forward to urs as well. Cheers!
"The secret of happiness is to admire without desiring." - Francis H. Bradley
The genius of investing is to recognize trends--not to time them.
SOO loving this movement! It's reassuring to see other successful women & bloggers have similar insecurities and fears.
RT : "Let the other guys worry about yesterday …while you focus on tomorrow." Via
Im being careful :-)
Breakfast in bed is a nice way to start today.
Part of publisher's content strategy (print/dig) needs to be tech strategy. A large not-4-profit can have major software version issues.
good luck if you brave the crowds!
you're welcome.
I have alot to be thankful for: my family, my friends, brothers & sisters. if it wasnt each & evryone of them i dont know wer i would be
MT and quotidian design fiction a la a corner convenience store.
One More Follower Til 700 please Follow
Can't wait to open up a Mollydooker 2008 Shiraz but have been instructed to let it "breathe" for 45 minutes. Anticipation.....
~ Alcohol is a good preservative for everything but brains. ~ Mary Pettibone Poole
MoJo Found??? identified a correlation between caffein intake and access to MoJo, causal relationship?
Sometimes I wanna get inside a escalade and crash it
Wait, is Kam going to face a lefty?
are you somebody that I used to know ? ;)
Anyone have an update on Paul Pierce? It didnt look bad but hard to get updates at the game
same pretty much. Just bugging u till I can sleep lol.. U see ur lakers play today? Lol
I wouldn't go that far.
I'm sick!
A holy and blessed Black Friday to all. Remember the reason for the season: Santa was sent to earth so we could buy things from his elves!
Where did I go wrong.?
then she started yelling at me and tamia
No U.S. Sports franchise has experienced faster rate of fan growth in past 5 yrs than #Blackhawks. Celtics 2nd. (Chi Trib)
Did you know that Nice Shirt, America is a project of Queen B Quilts? Your t-shirts made into a quilt!
bringing the family down! We will be there! Go Tin Caps
Clearly romantic comedy is my franchise genre, I don't mind saying that, it's true
New Moon may be replacing Prime as the worst movie I've ever seen.
haha there i did it
that's sweet I bet you're pumped but that's good to hear. Life is going not to bad no real complaints ya know
Kansas City, Missouri of course!
This child ain't text me back, I'm really gone be up all night, bored af.
"She has pain, I have an ice cream cone."
when have I hated on you?
Cheers to Miami Carnival Weekend---get ready to whine :-)
Haha lolz at promoting healthy organic food to two fat black ladies with bags of Denny's
I saw that last night, I was excited too!!!!
video release party for All Around The World!
what kind of bs ruling is that?
If you're going to Decorex, we're the center marquee launching ourselves to the trade. Come see us, Larry&Michel
Friends and good manners will carry you where money won't go.
Away until Sunday. Getting ready to go downstairs.
I would just like to say THANK YOU for being the best interviewer ever! I love the videos and pics of the boyz ♥
Oh.. Do what's right and nice..? Or say fuck it..?
Anyone interested in INVESTMENT PROPERTY in HAWAII... I can be your connection...
that sounds awesome.. What is it?
I was taking a training about our new branding. They've still got some stuff to figure out.
Fair Trade's Growing Pains: Pivoting a Successful Model The founder the Fair Trade certification program in the U.S. is dealing with the
I can't wait! Having to wait all day for my flight is torture when I know y'all will be at the other end :(
but sometimes, thats all people need.
Thanks for the shout-outs! That's one of my favorite features we've put together in recent years. :)
NFL steals the night. Santorum, Newt, and Huntsman suffer.
yes we can
I hope everything good wit my guy praying for you bra stay up my nigga
I'm really exited to watch do some work tonight.
Best fun Saturday ever :D Thanks Dad
2 concussions on first drive for the Saints...not good.
Maybe 600 W Chicago will be back on the schedule next week?!?
Yes I am aware that Jacob said "Born This Way" in Twilight but I will still hate that flop movie
omfg.... i really wish i could retweet this. haha
It would not be easy to run sound for but always does good work. Great show & congrats to all involved!
just sayin. You only gotta wait 6 more days and you can have another one!
she better be!
Thanks for attending, Tim!! Hope to see more of you in 2012 - happy New Year!
I don't quite follow. What's an example?
2 those who said it was OK 2 read #50Shades n airport try gettin patted down by TSA mid read. & I r meetin 2night
Planning a celebrity brunch fundraiser! Let em cook for u! Details soon.
Great specials today!
Now for the awful part--unpacking. No.
I am following please follow me to get my followers
We think its an Island Style Lobster BLT-type of day. What are you craving?
ok thanks
sounds like line from Sean Connery in The Rock
Be proactive.
Pero like why your phone is taken away this time
you still have time to get here.
I'm preparing for tmrrow's regularly sched fit test by eating pumpkin spice cake. I predict great things..
HIRING: Java Developers, Direct Hire, for $10B company in DC Metro. 5 yrs exp; long-term stability; cutting-edge tech.
Hanging with playing some new records..on the late night raven.....
i love your tweets :)
did u hear me last night at MSG yell Oh, Oh, Oh while you were booty poppin? no! aww :(.didn't think so...had fun though :-)
He's the only one I want, and he just doesn't understand it.</3
Liberal arts majors? *rimshot*
Damn i was so tired i knocked out in class & kevin did my work i fucking love him #Boys(((:
I'm so happy for Jack! I'm also glad that he didn't walk overnight or got some miracle surgery. That's so predictable of soaps~
Why do i always attract broke niggas that always fuck n need,,,, smh,,,
This Twitter is dope, it's 1am take it I'm the early bird?!
Ancestry stock up almost 12% in after hours trading
Cool story man. *this is me laughing my ass off*
I smoke weed because I like to go green.
Please spread the word and have friends follow us!! We are trying to reach 700 by the end of this month!! It will really help us out <3
Wow, Don why look 4 something that's not there?All Black organizations don't come together to say what they feel.What's w yr ?s
So I went into Walmart this morning and on the door it said hiring cake decorator and it made me think of peeta
Smile, you're literate.
I love sports countdowns: 8-days to #Brewers opener-- 7-days to the Masters-- 2-days to the Final Four
noted your blogs as resources, during our social media in #meded breakout session at #PAS2012 #SoMe workshop
thank goodness!
Hm I smell nice. #wtf is wrong with me?!
your a true friend
what's goin on in the dorms shirel?
#FF local fantastic CA Mags and online sites , ,
Congrats to Quinton Coples on becoming a Jet!
RT Chairman of National High School shot clock committee, making great case for a shot clock at HS level...
I just want him
where is there coverage of this? would love to read/hear more!
Congrats Auntie!! Baby Aubrey has great timing already! lol
: Come to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the NHL games live online just register and gain full access to the games enjoy!!
Baby gurl, don't even go there. lol
My room is colder than the 9th circle of hell.
Sounds like a good idea! I'm center court, lower arena but row W. Good enough for me! Where are you?
I find that writing takes a certain state of mind. Set aside 1 day a week, if you can, just for writing; even if it's multiple pieces.
Listening to hockey commentators call a fight during the game is surprisingly entertaining
my bro is so wise
Georgieboy? He's a regular Mr. Martha.
Apparently someone won 2 journalism awards tonight for writing a story about my Jeopardy experience. I should get at least half a plaque!
October 12, 1948 - Casey Stengel is named new Yankee manager. He replaced Bucky Harris.
Why is Jose such a good comedian?
My wish for you is that this life becomes all that you want it to.
Im probably the only one that wanted to go to the Van Halen concert tonight..
"I'm switching ships!!! ITS IN MY CAST, GET IT OUT!!!!" never seen someone in a cast move so fast....
My Oscar® Pick, Best Original Screenplay: Michel Hazanavicus (The Artist)
Boy Shorts Are COOL...
Just got press confirmation for - so excited to FINALLY see play live, among many other great artists.
Its #freeslurpee day today at 711!!!!!!!
Martin Weiss Management has its holiday card concept for 2011! This is gonna be a fun one!
next up on E is my world justin bieber @ 10 pm :) don't forget to watch it :)
super cute haircut ! and if looking "like a boy" is wrong, I don't want to be right!
is hoping "sleep 1;" is enough to convince the Google Books API server he's not really a robot.
Guinness at the Irish Pub feels like home:)
First day at the beach and already burnt! Awesome!
Tebow gets demoted and still is a headline story...dude is swaggin
Going to see my boys The Life & Times @ Knitting Factory tonight. Ear plugs in tow.
Yay! Stop in and say hi to David, he's in the pharmacy downstairs! Have fun!
I can't do that. He's older than my dad and you have to give something to get something. I'm not giving anything. Lol
Not just supporters. Most fans in RBA in with the YSA
hey can you say hi to my former high school teammate Matt Katula when you get to New England
GTWT is thrilled to announce as our Title Sponsor for the 12th Annual Fashion Show! Exciting plans in the works!
Both actually
Churchill went ballistic when I was trying to buff my nails during a movie. Curious.
Let's not be too hard on the #Cavs. This is the first game of a back-to-back.
At the game.
Unwinding (and cooling off) with a glass of sauvignon blanc
hi! about which movie? or you mean about the nakba?
you're welcome
I had to wait at the busstop for 20 minutes this morning and my socks are still wet....
FALL is in the air and it brought a change today - A NEW JOB! So excited to be joining The Jones Group!
HELL YELL SY I TUCK LONG
Today has been boring as fuck.
Name of my dog is "Bolt"
is it annoying if we iterate fast & release a slightly-better version every cpl days? Should we batch them & wait a bit?
I'll never leave you i swear, i'll be there.
Top 10 sports stories of the day FREE- USSportspages.com
This friday is a very special show because it's my co-host Ralph's BIRTHDAY...lots of fun guests...join us for the party!
but have you played the NCAAs tho?
Oh hell naw!!! Pierce The Veil Touring With Crown The Empire but only at the Uk!! That's BS! TOTAL BS! That's like a dream to me..
Beautiful night at the A's game!
it should be Robertson
Exactly. The Facebook-like interface was easy for newbies to use, but not being embedded in a larger network was a minus.
Ooh girl! I can see your purple nurple in that dress!
Dear AT&T, Your lack of iPhone insurance is cruel. My 3GS was stolen and now I'm stuck with a 1G iphone and can't afford to replace the 3GS.
#lakerhater --->RT : lol cool so quit tweeting me then
'Welcome Home Veterans' Parade & Concert - April 14th, 4pm - 1am, Downtown Melbourne
Clarification cleaning man at the office.
I only close Saturday. Sunday I'm off and tomorrow I work 730am to 12pm :p
TGIF!! Can I get a like if you are ready for the weekend?
Justin Bieber on #TheVoice? Really? Guess they just wanted ratings, but isn't The Voice stands for everything not JB?
A lady just threw an apple at me as I was walking through the hospital. #uh #whatjusthappened?
Buying my ski pass...they're pushing pass insurance in case I lose my job. #1 I work for myself #2 If that happened, I'm skiing every day
De Gea penalty save!!!
"I don't think I would say anything."-
will u ever reply to me?
One more period
You are God's glorious possibility!
Call me & tell me what's going on!
Frank Lloyd Wright~ The longer I live the more beautiful life becomes.
Doing it UP!
Disappointments.. Always happen.
Q4 carry a water bottle with u!!
meant to say PLAY HARD. Kobe's teammates must play hard!!
From who? I want to hear the song & no problem check out my song "Pretty eyes" by Stephanie Devilliers on iTunes :)
DJ is stressing me out.
That new Avengers trailer rocks it. No major plot spoilers, some nice Avenger vs. Avenger action, and some Cobie Smulders as Maria Hill!
Nah. I dnt do that ishh! :)
I'm just starting to not give a fucking shit, that's all.
i never said i disagreed with him, i just commented on the bias of the statement :P
RT : Any great people in your life that you want to acknowlege? Do it here! - My mother - for her constant strength!
the laugh the nails u Rock it
that may be true- I expect so
start here nodebeginner.com
yeah, I hate to have her hurting as well. I'm glad you're with her. I'm sorry it ruined the date. Tell her to buck up ;)
Wow. It's like scary dead at work today. Wtf?
- if either of you goes down and brings me up a cup, I'll make it worth your while ;) How's five bucks sound?
haha, what makes you beautiful :)
God has a plan for everything Abby. I love you and miss you! <3
RT : Meanwhile, LA Times is reporting Perry's "political savvy" and touting his TX jobs record (minimum wage jobs!)
When people wear 2 shirts on a day its like 90 degrees outside, like no it looks like your about to go on an expedition.
nice to see you down for the cause ;)
i dont want to have to wait for you i want you now.
Oh yeah, #HottestPeopleOnTwitter forgot about :X
I feel elated.
Good Morning. Early shift it is :-)
": Class salutatorian. Credit to the Lord & my mama" Congrats! Happy for you and Zetta.
I'd say if Randle hangs around he's gotta be third pick.
Sorry man, I didn't know you were looking for female tweets.
Any ideas for a music video? angry clowns? wild cats? carrots?
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt not mark territory, nor lay claim for a mate.
Congrats on 19 years ! Soon you'll be old enough to drink!
I just wana see u strip ,
Last day to Rock Hard/Soft Rock! Check out the final countdown before you miss the show! You've got about an hour!
tru we there ya ya birthday girl
Tonight!!! , HUGE Birthday Bash! If you are in the mood for some hip hop, come to ! ;)
#aintnohalfstepn coming tomorrow
Finished editing in record time :) Now to turn my focus to the THREE articles I have due this week :/
"Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men." -John F. Kennedy
Yeah, I did! I love IB Psych. It's my favorite class. My teacher's really good actually so the test wasn't bad!
Memphis airfares soar near highest
Reading this now: Steve Coll's book Ghost Wars, about Afghanistan and the CIA, from the 70s to 9/10, is truly remarkable
hey Ron... Why do they need to be careful?! What's going on?! Are the Locusts coming?!
If you want to show more support we have a page on facebook as well and need more fans on there!!
Final for 4th tomorrow, then I'm free.
The Obama Administration appealed ruling on #FDA graphic cigarette warnings. We need all tools possible 2 reduce smoking!...
Yup, just got a DM from you.
i just emailed u
Ant Thats Sum Shit U Never Seen B4 Lol
11/11/11 TGIF! And happy veteran's day to all the brave people that fight for our country...<3 <3
#RT if you LOVE iCarly and Victorious! :-D
Sorry ! I hope it's better tomorrow !
Did you give God His time today?
Our FB group page is now closed. sniff. But, come on over to the fan page! "Like" us on Facebook. www.facebook.com/polyphonyhs
Theres a very positive relationship btwn peoples ability to accomplish any task and the time they're willing to spend on it. Joyce Brothers
an episode of cheers where norm is 86'd for shitting on the wrong stool, cliff drunk drives successfully, sam, woody and diane have a 3 way.
no i cant blame u bcuz i like TRS too so
very soon! all i have to do is give him access to my account then I should be rich! I'm holding my breath waiting for it...
Why do people use sites that tell you who unfollowed you & when? These sites are instigator sites & you should avoid them for your sanity.
I thought I told you to shut up about that hook_line_sinker() line…
pretty much watching hockey all day, hahaha
#WereNotFriendsIf your a bully. RT you hate bullies.
sleepily debugging an insane knot of media module + display suite + oembed
congrats girls !
Thanks for taking the time to listen to it. Please help me spread the word. You're the best.
people don't get more conservative as they age-they just get more out of step with society.
Omg this girl next to me is so loud shut up l0l
Waterfront Pizza. Port Townsend. Yummy. That's all.
if u dont drink satuday night u got nothing to talk to jesus about on sunday morning lol
The most #profound statement ever uttered? "It is what it is"
any good tailgate parties?
Congrats Class of 2011! To our great interns, we're so proud!
OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD. I know where I'm bringing for our first date :3 hahah
haven't forgot 😊
The story is all the same, but it still gets my attention. I LOVE THAT SHIT
": Making everything in warm ups, and missing everything in the game... #BasketballProblems" pisses me off
Why is it that no matter which computer I chose, its always broke? Smh...
I know where will be.
Anyone who believes that men are the equal of women has never seen a man trying to wrap a Christmas present. ~ Unknown
Actor's Intensive's One Day Los Angeles Tune Up will give you the confidence to ace your next audition! Next Class: 12/5 @ 10am-5pm
when i love i love real-hard ,there is nothing fake about my love .
that's true, but they also say no to some sponsors for the oddest reasons.
thanks for the interest! You will receive .5 CEU s for the workshop! You can contact
ya I saw some mocks having a te, didn't make any sense to me either
you say hurricane, I say earthquake
miss you too! lets get together when you're in town.
an audience member shared the info, but I don't know companies. Definitely curious and going to investigate.
Someone s/o
what do u do when u know there is a better way to do things in your industry, but r having trouble 2 figure out how/what
Even though they"re mad at me I still had to text them GoodMorning :)
they're such a sweet and talented band it's amazing. they need all the help they can get c:
Working out getting ready for the summer !
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. --Albert Einstein
Excited to hear what makes so great and makes up for its unfortunate location :)
Reach out and open the door that no one thought could be opened. Life is behind it. -Kelly Ann Rothaus
Verizon > AT&T Apparently AT&T was rated worst service for 2009-2011 based on a all around rating.
If Karma doesn't punch you in the face ; My Mafia will .
You know what they say, about the snoozing and the resultant losing. To be fair, I didn't know there'd be Dark Lord either.
Just trying to keep entropy at bay.
Thanks, Mike! Hope all is well in ABQ!
G'Morning, guess what we survived another week!
Tag Sale till 5pm in #chapelhill. Books, CD, vinyl, house items. CHEAP prices! Come on over - Eubanks Rd across from the park and ride!
Very nice sounds yummy!!
You work? I thought you were too busy judging other people's sex lives.
Purchasing your jersey tomorrow!
2, I wonder how swole the Hickman house is with 501 Fitness up and at 'em.
Random s/o to my followers
yeah! So I hear you're coming back next year!
Sorry for the profanity, i just had to let it out.
I want to go and explore the woods.
I love that
Oh snap!
Keep it going!
I forgot I blocked !!!!
Headed to the Appalachian Brewing Company for tonight's show. See you there!!
LMFAO.....I SAID "WELL GET UR LAWYER BACK BABY" LOL
it's always raining somewhere, lady.
Closely following 's tweets on the #civilunions amendments. #coleg He's tweeting up a storm.
Why are Cee Lo's hands so small? Did they stop growing at an early age, or is it some sort of optical illusion? I'm perplexed
Water for Labradors
Avengers Assemble!!! Library Boing Boing brain storm starts at 9am in NetworkingUncommons. #alamw12 T-minus 10 minutes, come be awesome
Network and support vets, Friday 1/6 Tomorrow night, Friday, 1/6, there's a great event in Baltimore at the Tilted Kilt pub. It's part net…
Don't tell me that duke might actually have a chance.
Thanks will take a look at the video.
I got this pic from when I was at wells Fargo... Thinking bout postin it
Tennessee drops to 0-5 with last night's blowout loss to Indy. Ouch.
(Sorry, that's an old Tony LaRussa joke.)
baby slept through the night ~ glorious!
A little rudeness & disrespect can elevate a meaningless interaction to a battle of wills & add drama to an otherwise dull day.
Mr. Monarez: I never carry cash with me, cuz then you freaking get jumped! Lmao!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm pretty sure Whoopi Goldberg is Lil Wayne's real mother.
"Its what we learn after we know it all that really counts"; The weakest part of each man is where he thinks that he is the wisest.
one day he will livia, I promise ! I'm just scared cause he's getting so big </3
This nap just made me even more sleepy.
Thanks for coming!
Rather stressful day but lunch provided by PTA made it better. Pumpkin spiced cupcake & homemade pound cake might've saved my life.
Darn it I keep forgetting to tweet at 11;11 from this account -.-
Rain....OK...I am holding May to the promise....I need some sunshine. I need some playtime.
DAMN I DONT WANNA CLAP UR HAND AFTER EVERY SENTENCE. EX. DAT MUFUCKER RAW AINT IT (CLAP) I'LL TEAR DAT MUFUCKER UP (CLAP) SHE THE SHIT (CLAP
Im so ambitious
Are you in school?
Saw the Haunting of Molly Hartley . Wasn't that scary at all . it sucked . -__- NO OFFENSE to anyone that likes that movie .
That sounds pretty radical. Much risk involved? I'll keep you in my prayers!
That's settled! :)
Cost of preventing unintended pregnancy is cheaper than public assistance costs for supporting unplanned child born to a low-income woman.
instead of meat- can we say something like mayonnaise or mustard- pickles maybe? :-)
See ya there!
Excellent movie! Thank goodness the Miracle Team got a visa for Irons.
What bands have YOU been listening to lately? I'm curious.
haha wow. so embarrassing I retweeted it.
Love my Cuzzo mike..!!
So GLAD it's Friday. Got the Weekend off from Work and College. WOOOHOOO....LOVE and can't wait till Oct. 6.
Thank YOU for coming!
lol my voice is gone -___- I saw awful...
“: Can't wait to see you!! ;) RT ima whip you ass boy
Man.....Steelers should be playing next.
Thank you for the mention!
So, I'm definitely not complaining, but can someone explain the shirt stripping tradition in soccer?
If you love cookies, I feel bad for ya son. Cause I got 99 cookies and you have none.
I remember that. It was mostly awkward cause that's when we had our tiff lol
Do you have an ecommerce store?
Note: Only 60 tickets available for February 7th #UConn / / event and they're all in a skybox at the !
If you're having trouble seeing #uwebc slides on the webcast. Let me know what you are receiving - A/V?
Hi GUUYs!! HOW ARE YOU ??
The Quietus | Features | Strange World Of... | Field Day 2012: Tim ...
So close to home, bet my gf drove through that intersection, like, 30 min earlier.
Body so sore why
considering a side career in writing reviews for online purchases...which really means more online shopping for me!
Relationships nowadays = First week: I love you baby.. Second week: Together forever.. Third week: Single..
I like popeye , they showed it on this tv in LA before that channel dissapeared?
girl is that y your eye hurtin?! Oh no!
Don't mind all the tweets you see about OKC. I was the only true fan before this year. Just know my tweets are gonna get crazy tho!
We could really use more slides in our lives.
What's the best way to cut weight, fighters?
Paradigm Gardens is open and ready for business! Swing on by for any of your #Gardening needs
#arentyoutiredof this insane weather?
When was the last time you went on a disastrous date?
Walking into the wind listening to when love takes over...
We offer 3 euchre leagues in Columbus! Check out www.capitalcitysports.com and sign up FAST!!!
super sad man
Yay!!! Have a BLAST!!! RT : aww, thanks!! Hope u have a great wkend. I'm going w/ 2
Just watched Casablanca again. Why is that film so much better than almost any other old film? Great script, cast, directing and music...
I'm so sorry to see the blowhard NY Jets win today. (There must be more important things to worry about)
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book !!!!
I finally figured out why I was KelseyHMS on airline tickets. Apparently, it is not implying that I am a boat.
I just got a txt from my mommy and guess where she is taking all of us
On the greyhound with off to Manhattan 😘
Please feel free to RT that, so he gets the hint
Apr 26,1942: Mollie Panter-Downes in New Yorker: British are again talking of invasion; but this time of their invasion of the continent.
Stay tuned. I heard rumors....
RT : Love sitting down on Sun nite and reading twitter feed of what God did today in friends churches all over the world.// Yes!
Cool. We can come to that, too!! Call our friends at Canal Street Pub and pick a date.
Movie in whip
haha. it was a good video ! :D
Can you think of any organizations that would like our help with prescription aid? Tell us...
bye.... Just saying
oh that's fine :) haha I forgot its like 11:46 there :P
sorry jeff 143
Apparently it's #NationalWingDay! Did you know we have Hot Wings at Kuko's in Regular, Lemon Pepper, Garlic and Hot & Spicy flavors?
You Win! But only because I'm tired and Beethoven is way too overwhelming.
Our own President was cited in this month's MLA newsletter by on foreign language reqs for graduate students.
I LOVE THE COLD !
Haven't forgotten about you... We're at Messe so free time and internet are both scarce. I plan to get it to YouTube
When is the deadline? :)
Typical! And frustrating.
for real
I lived in Brown Hall, triple bunkbeds! And I had a full set of Junction glasses plus pitcher - made me proud. Brainstomers.
My salad for lunch is missing one key ingredient which would make it perfect. Donuts.
I get by with a little help from my friends.
#SustainableDC so we're getting today?
NASCAR, Spring Break, and March Madness
Great!!! Just sent you a PM. Thanks so much!!!
w/o Bosh they look awful...
#TRX Suspension Training tonight with Karyn at 5:30pm at Accolade #Fitness South. You're first class is FREE!
Follow me on Tumblr C:
those are my flip flops you're referring to. . .
First meal of the day a white mocha, non fat, no whip, only two pumps! Thanks ;)
Winners never quit & quitters never win. ~ Vince Lombardi
This day has kicked my behind. I've been going non-stop until now and I've got a headache.
Sorry for interrupting - what can I say....my #chilly toes made me do it!
I just did Panera catering & it cost $9 per boxed lunch; sandwich, chips, cookie. Drinks at grocery store. So maybe $100.
Just got an inquiry on shipping herbs to Portugal!
Looking forward to conversing with you in 2011! Can't dm until you follow back.
So this nigga is hella playing games.. As Usual.
Someone had better explain to me how employing the unemployed is bad. They're providing a needed service & can feel good about that.
I feel like I know who this is referring to? Haha
that's awesome! I like what I'm hearing about the new stadium too!
sometimes love hurt!!!~
Hope everyone has a fun evening bringing in 2012. It has to be better than 2011. The whole World needs a break!
We lost. Damn
What a cool win! Great job Great show Louie, what a class act!
hell yea . Rusko is coming feb 21st
I imagine him and inspector gadget have some sort of deal going where they trade off on gadgets every now and again.
Doesn't that just drive you nuts?
Oh! My goodness, Mathew. Am breathless; in awe. Just read your link. Exhaustive work of wonders! Thank you very much!
ipad works great - the team predominantly uses to demo Never used ipad to create tags. might comment.
That scary moment when ur driving next to a clown and he looks at u and smiles...
Let me shock you with this cattle prod. It won't hurt a bit!
I followed
hey back
sure thing.. Any chance u have a spare apple tv???
No jersey, but sporting the SKC blue!
good music!!
just had my afternoon breakfast with an egg and cheese sandwich - quite tasty!
I can hear it now: BRRRRUUUUUUUCCCCCEEEEEEE!
Beauty is not about looks, makeup or clothes. True beauty comes from being yourself.
I hear ya. Love it. Edgy, fun perfect for twitter. Good stuff.
Nice! Congratulations!
Just caught a whiff of baloney sandwiches in central booking...yummy!
I hate my dad, and I wish I lived with my mom again.
Humbled to be singing "Back Home Again in Indiana" in honor of Jim Nabors at the Breakfast at the Brickyard.
im on
Just live, and shut up, and I don't even know, but I'm just so frustrated because some people just don't appreciate what they are.
Wishing you all a very MERRY CHRISTMAS
maybe they can send you to the Cadillac Palace in a luxury sedan from Step Ahead Services.
Spiritual Astrology: A Path to Divine Awakening by ! Start with that and get your natal chart on cafeastrology.com :)
“: #blessed” to a be a champ ... Good luck in the bay area!!!!
whoo hoo!! Looking forward to celebrating with u girlie!
I had that problem. never got to do it. i'm glad your doing this
hahaha it's surprisingly hot out there!
and -- another one of our favorites that made this season great
Just 14 players have hit 4 dingers in 1 game...including Sean Green at Miller Park and future-ex Brewer Mike Cameron, both in 2002.
your websites seem to be down or not finished. How can I contact you? Thanks! Bryan
u b playin
So how many days before Mitt Romney says he supported gay marriage first?
Dont be surprised with average results when you only invest an average amount.Extraordinary results require extraordinary amounts of effort.
dude. This place is a ghost town.
Stomp da yard put colombus short on.
Support the Durango Shoe Drive.drop off ur use athletic shoe @ Durango HS or Help us reach our goal! We need more shoes!
Have you been to RateMyBestFeature.com yet? Its a really cool site that 1 of our listeners told us about, U'll like it, we do!!
That's cool! Just saying we liked the article...
where's my baby at??? lol
So is singing the lyrics to DMX's 'Up In Here' right now. If DMX saw this, he might shoot him..
Big beer challenge. Just tapped, Russian River Pliny the Elder vs Avery Maharaja Imperial IPA. Both avaiable for $10 Growler fill.
Pretty good. My cousin just interviewed me! ha. It was so long I thought it'd never end xD You're really sweet! #IRespectYou ♥
is he the baby daddy?
How da hell the ref didn't c that boy calling x out.... Refscheatinfortheheat
Not feeling that Redskins jersey :(
Hey Tom, Guess who this is...
Why do people ask me to help them get inshape, when they are still stuffing their faces?~~~" You are what you eat! "
Ok Vikings. 28-3. Let's not blow this lead today.
KADR something is up!! constant ask slaps!!
Steve Azar's "I don't have to be me" is playing on the jukebox at the bar I'm at. Ridiculously happy to hear it.
then told me to tweet her because apparently we fin'a go crazy on twitter ! i love my girls ! ❤😂😜
Screening yesterday was fun - I have no idea what they asked me!
Memories sneak up on me wherever I go.
Time to sleep again...Hopefully a beautiful dream ami Ya Rab!!!
Suicide bomber: "EVERYONE HAS 1 MINUTE TO GET OUT OF THE PET STORE" Turtle: "You bastard"
#ICantStandPeople that start stuff for no reason
hope you enjoy your chicken. And your Mac & cheese. Our moment during Goodnight Moon was beautiful. Just like you.
Word on the Street is that Kim Hannwacker, formerly of COMIX NY, lately of the South By Southwest Music festival, will be popping in Monday.
"A designer is an emerging synthesis of artist, inventor, mechanic, objective economist and evolutionary strategist." ~R. Buckminster Fuller
Thinking about so much rite its Crazy how a person change so fast
probably kill that mofo too
Still high on cocaine? Tweaking? Don't go to the Waterfront! We open at 6am for you crackhead desperados! You can sleep when you're dead!
Spalding University's baseball team will not begin its World Series game in Springfield, IL until well after midnight local time.
My baby graduating>>>>
thanks, you do the same
We love the Cream Ale!
Moving Day!
Oh okay! lol thanks I appreciate it!
I've eaten at the same burrito place as they show the Winklevoss twins for all of ten seconds.
RT : Can't wait for Brandon Jacobs' postgame comments about Rex Ryan.
Oh yea...happy birthday!
Rappers (or anyone for that matter) still screaming 'le'go!'?
So, by your metrics, does that not make hima real Republican? Do you get to define the debate?
loll. How is body ? Like his stomach ? Have you seen him shirtless ?
What happened to all the yucky strippers? I haven't gotten a follower in a few days?
Check out for a peek at new restaurant Quince in
That is awesome. Has more to do with the market and savvy fans, but we will take it. Pretty cool script
How do you articulate value in product design that creates emotional attraction to feature/functionality driven product owners?
Boring Brett.
there just are not enough hours in a day...sigh
Dang it! Where did the year go? April already?
Tried to rescue a dog n the road and almost got attacked instead. Good Luck buddy, I tried.
RT : RT : Big up to ma TEAM & Follow them an show ur support <3 Thanx guys!
there are 58 tries for every successful product, says Mari Kuraishi, founder and CEO of globalgiving. #ISconf,
RT hm, i miss cheer but i dont wanna get out of bed, but i do new the exercise, but i do already have plans. hm
I can't wait to battle the crowds tomorrow--it will be worth it.
Smfh! It's crazy! What are your plans for the summer?
Thanks for your support !
What is/was your favorite part about DECA?
That's what I was talking about yesterday. No love for these
Everyone should trend #WeLoveZachAndAlex (: they r cool so go on! Not that hard to RT this (:
That's badass! I didn't know he did product photos.
Shoutout to the kid who is wear a michigan t shirt. Go blue
kinda like that. but stale. I still ate it.
A Rod for sure.
Thx for the welcome.
Superburgers are what dreams are made of!
So. Drunk. So. Hungover. Wait I'm to fucked up to know which.
I am sitting here at work. Bored as Hell
's album on repeat goes perfect with this stormy weather , night tweeps
Challenge: to move in counterpoint w/lang that trembles on edge of understanding. To participate in concern for another regard.
did you find out what the baby is ?!
Cuts to food-safety inspection force will impact food quality in Canada: union
Announcer says "five goals on Pekka Rinne"...I dont think I've heard that all year
I got a halo.... That's justified #RealTalk I'm A GOOD Chic...
Good night.. z
Morning all, a cold but beautiful day here in Boston. Much luv, and a productive day to all!
Are you guys on a catch any shows this week?
josh_lowry, thanks for following us on Twitter!
I don't ask for much, I'd just like to be able to get my front door open.
How was TLC? Will get Royal Rumble as this moment?
Would it be fair to say that you are a Pelagian? And who in your view isn't a heretic? Finney?
1st tweet from my iphone!!!!!
nothing we were just joking around about having a baby boy and then he tweeted and said tell her it's over
Thank you and & may you have a prosperous week as well!!
RT : Can't wait to meet our official hairdressers Thank you for supporting !!
i'm hellllla lazy for prom. ah.
forever fucking done with you
Are these professors male or female? I just gotta ask.
Be rewarded for living a healthy life with Phidippides gift cards! Visit Cooleaf.com & use promo code 'phidippides' at checkout to save 10%
#rulesoftwitter tweet 24/7 even if you have absolutely nothing to talk about.....
": Meek Mill, "Amen". Dope." Agreed
you know what i mean and yeh sometimes people just need their space
KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT Acquires 255-Unit Complex in Baltimore Suburb
Do museums spend too much energy on fundraising? Carole Neves
Hard to pass up UCLA and the left coast.
Because we work on our lists in advance, this year's list has already been determined. But thanks for your interest!
after all that, enjoy your Saturday !
Ima give her my all
Have I mentioned how much I love Philly? Yay home!
Which is your favorite crew so far ?
Exactly. U print out the darn thing, stick in the brads, hand it out, now read your parts, folks! Oh wait, it's still in my head
#yes just ask Data on
I swear if I fight my combos can knock someone out
We never change do we?
Can't sleep! Confused about what I am suppose to do!
I'm Not HeartLess.....I Just Learned To Use My Heart Less.....
A4: Ppl are looking 4 the added benefits on SM rather than buying a regular priced ticket like everyone else.
He never had a chance imo...
yay! glad we could set the bar for awesomeness! ;) RT thanks, Frenchy's, my first Stone Crab experience was great!
RT joffy look like joell anthony!!! Oh...kids for africa got jokes
happy b-day bro!
I would work as a hoarder helper. These people need help!
omg Zayn's adorable smile!
Let's Party My People....
Happy Monday everyone! ;-)
When a plastic glow in the dark star falls from the ceiling onto your face and wakes you up in the middle of the night.
Thank you so much for everyone who participated in HCEF's First #5K Race/Walk on Saturday! It was a great success.
Hey #Denver, Nobody messes with ! #YouTalkinToMe?
Confirmed: Samsung doubling down on Windows Phone 7, sidelines Android
woo new job! sorry Pottery Barn it's been a fun trip :D
My iPod knows the perfect songs to play for my mood
#mla12 #s305 Nick Brown: attention to space in contemporary crit transforms Jameson's cognitive mapping from means into ends.
Need Media Training? There’s nobody better than Auritt to train your spokespeople, as media is our middle name
What's doing for President's Day Weekend? #SoVA #VaWine Fest this Saturday in Chatham (north of Danville). Be there!
have we hit stage 5? Lol
how do you know when you are teaching efficiently?
yeah we saw the episode in class! :O can I go over your house earlier? Or will you be gone still?
A Saturday St.Patricks Day!! The Boys are making final plans tomorrow, what do our Brass Monkeyians wanna see for the Big Green Party!
Looks like Bill Buchanan has gone to the dark side.
Ohmygossh i have a crazy hard test in 40 minutes...time to faaiill!
we r going to Miami! 2012 World Latin Dance Cup.
I don't think I like you.... Just, no.
This literally is a text I just got So your dick is on point :)))
i think i have come down with dementia, i put butter on top of logan & blakes apple pie,instead of whipped cream.can u imagine their looks?
History professor insists we print the readings. In the Information School S. is expressly forbidden from printing the readings.
you would have chased hi if u didn't have drool all over your face
Just had the best time exploring the old camera shops along Blvd Beaumarchais, then into Place des Vosges for some sun.
Thanks, Miguel! I'm really excited about this big new adventure. Now ... I know you'll be wanting some of my work, right? ;)
Send a direct message on why you should win an autograph
Ah yes! TRC is going back to school. Just got unofficial word that the UW Madison will once again be purchasing services from us 4 students!
your web site is down. We can't login to get our source code. What's up?
I withdrew :..( failure lol
#popawards working it's way up the trending list I hope. congrats on best single you lads deserve it so much! x
is Stedman going to sign books here?
GRACE THE GIRL ACCEPTED ME AS A FRIEND ON FACEBOOK GO CHECK MY SHIT.
Interesting move by the D/Broncos. umm u won b2b with TD as your RB. U get what I'm saying?
Staying with my girl katie tonight!!!
Woke Up, Had Breakfast, Talked to #peoplewhomatter like Ryan Seacrests Lawyer and I wasn't calling for a song request on 102.7 KISS FM
Trying to find where you parked in down town Nashville is like a maze
I'm guessing you didn't catch the end of the Premiership then!
#GeorgeZimmerman rep the learned fear tht Amer has of young black men; & it's not just whites. Black and brown learn to fear their blackness
": I may not have a millions friends but I wouldn't trade the ones i have for anything <3 #sexysix"
Thanks Pink Sugar amAtlanta
Orlando! #getin crazy
last 15 minutes...can't wait.
Gearing up for The Naked and Famous, The White Arrows, and The Chain Gang tonight at the Music Box!
The hell is beginin'
Trying to remain productive, but it's hard to hold out long with all of this sunshine. You've got to love this time of year.
Who will be my 100th follower? The world may not want to know, but I do... ;o)
she's got 'uuuuuuge...tracts a land. (solid reference, kid)
I love to sing .... sing!
I love Justin Bieber, and i dont care what people think about me or it.
Rehearsal Works, Friday
Until 7 the latest if anything, that's the latest it's opened.
enjoying my weekend off from school with tha babe can't freaking wait until summer!
Not that you're all boring at all...
Drinking beer and watching comedy awards #winning now if my dog would just entertain himself...
I love comedy :D
"Don't let the sadness of your past, or the fear of the future, rob you of your happiness in the present."
damn, add that to my list of must reads
Making some notes for tomorrow. Sitting on a panel with and to talk to students at our alma mater.
I swear, my oft hand is useless... or just retarded
I just left there. I saw a different movie though.
Um, hello spring. My old friend. Want to play some bocce? The patio is open for lunch.
ah, yes, i do, that is why i am here :).
lol man how did i know?! only the jocks like that man. i just deal with it. only a few days left with em anyway.
Lol .. RT : Yes, please. RT : So I fully expect a Jeremy Lin/Tim Tebow joint reality show in NYC within the year
Taking Back Sunday tickets just went on sale today! While you're at it, pick up Jack's Mannequin tickets for this Friday.
thanks for following
Brazil, Morocco, London to Ibiza! Who's wit me?!
m stanky. looking like jake big toe
“ should cook breakfast”| Is on 20 East headed to Carolina...left around 6am
Totally classic. "Desire As" is the fey-pop "99 Problems." Also: side 1! Are you a Blue Nile fan?
None have any real political skills or charisma to match up with Obama!
Thinking about how PostSecret is such a cool mashup of old and new media.
If you are looking to buy a home, let The Oertel Group educate you on what it means to buy in a distressed market. www.TheOertelGroup.com
Good article. Belief is that there are more HR outsourcing failures than successes. Correlation to HRIS success rate?
teeing it up with
you should check out our portfolios kustomthrills.com!
I wish I had the money lol
It's official. I'm a homeowner!!!!
What movie did you watch?
happy birthday !! LOVE YOU SO MUCH. come to dc asap. miss you and hope your bday is fantastic. (white island prevails)
ha ha!
If you want to DM a phone number to me, I would love to chat more. Let me know!
Indeed. lolol I hate you.
yes mommy
My mom is convinced Harvey and Charles (the black guy w/ dreads) from are half brothers.
do you like jerry?
It's Curious George! He's taller in real life.
