Let the music scheduling continue...
I'm confused. What does competing in your sport have to do w/ Seau?
better than its been in months! Thank you! Things are lookin up! Working on getting published!
What's the better excuse for blowing off work today: "Hey, we beat the Steelers!" or "Kim K is my ride, but she bailed on that, too."
Subienkow caught Yakaga grinning at him
1st sign a vendor UR trying to use is questionable: Person that answers phone can barely pronounce own comp name and no salesppl are avail.
Colt had all of two hours to celebrate the T-Richardson marriage. McCoy's likely bridesmaid material w Brandon Weeden in the mix.
let's go sobbing!
Thanks for the mention and #FF! Happy Friday Colorado!
you know I'm here for ya missy
Wow, that's 400!
ohmygosh! so nice. thank you.
How do you get people to engage with your brand? Just ask questions! (via )
Good night all
The MOMS Sale is coming up on August 14 - what is the most expensive thing you are selling, or wanting to buy?
Newarks Cami Anderson says None of us got in #edreform game 2 create individual islands of achievement. We need 2 reach all kids
Yogis of the himileghias
Awesome, what kind of car was it?
I want Metta World Peace to elbow James Harden again...I'm all for dirty play, makes things interesting and plus I don't like OKC
I wish i could freestyle. I'd be doing that shit all the time.
you're the best in the world xP
v #NewEngland & men's qualifying today.
i swear i fall down these stairs every day
Never give up ! On what You believe in !!
CH Energy And Fortis File Joint Petition Requesting Regulatory Review For Merger
A lot of fouls not being called.
didnt have too dats my baby team too so ima marry ray allen lmmfao
Country music always makes me cry <|3
Are we nearly there yet?
I think I'll be hooking up my SNES and 64 later this week, and then go to play n trade and see if there are any games I can buy.
SOUNDS GOOD DAWWWWWG ALL CAPS DAWWWG
Great Bio! Are you working the game Sunday?
and this proves exactly what?? His music is still a disgrace for the age we live in ...all that was just for show
live in the country? There is nothing better ...
INDEED,Babe! KNOWLEDGE bcomes WISDOM in due time. ;-) 1 should ALWAYS b able 2 answer d question " IS THAT U UNDER THAT SKIN?"
Your the reason i hate everything.
Ain't that the truth.
Why did I tell kristen I'd do this paper for her lol. Haven't evn started on my e40 article yet and its 2am. Yay
Too bad Santorum really is a hypocrite and never voted as a conservative with any consistency...but someone must stop Romney.
aw, yeah they changed the minneapolis venue 3 times because it was selling out so fast :/
Is making jokes to yourself a sign of schizophrenia? A very close friend wants to know...
The flood of memories that poured over me when I found my Skype pics... Lawd.
Done taking a shower, time to eat dinner.
ouch! It sounds like some bad hops in the infield.
nothing is impossible
yes i do
As we always say: What happens at Key's Foshay stays at Key's Foshay.
you rooting for LA?
TEam FolloW BAck Now
SAW YOUR NEW MOVIE. THE VOW. Love it cried like a little girl lol.
thanks lovely.
Lol, I'm ashamed that I knew where you were from that lil pic... SMH
RT : There is someone who looks after us, from behind the curtain. In truth we are not here. This is our shadow--Rumi
just you. Lol
Beautiful My Dirty Rich
4" of SNOW! in SPRING!
spent several hours writing some new stuff in the vein of drop C ambient. leveraging my Axe FX II to the fullest.
Please welcome ForexPicks to the Max life
How did you enjoy the sound cloud tunes?
All I got is a dollar and a dream ... Are you gonna ride with me ?
There's way more ppl who want it than ppl who have it.
i just love u so much you like a brother!!!
Foundation Rentals Sneak Preview: new home for rent in Larkspur with Kentfield schools coming soon! www.65francesave.com
Is waiting for the bus... how do people in los ángeles manage with this system?
Can I say late night early morning.... Today? I just slept an hr and wide awake!!!! O_o
seriously..i'm seriously gonna break the record for most uses of the word #seriously on twitter...seriously. seriously ? yea seriously.
Congrats! RT : Confessions of the World's Worst Missionary was selected for the San Francisco Fringe Festival this September!
how can you postulate theories like that without the proper training? everything else you&#39;ve said has been wrong and you still thin…
Cheddar Bacon Ramen Noodles? ... Surprisingly good. 😏
"we don't manage books anymore. We manage people." from social worker pres.
Stop at Constellation and Ave of the stars. Under BHHS.
15 hour day, amazing, dedicated, hard working cast and crew. First music video wrapped. Could not be more pleased!
Let me update my TL I feel like I haven't been on Twitter in ages!!!
Grindin on each ohter in quinces practice haha:D instead of practicin for my sisters quinces!!!
I can't wait to get back to the house.. I'm missing the highlight of most of my days.
Fun garden day - two of five new gardens got recycled beds. Lots of friends made - energy and excitement for growing food!
#nowplaying Gemini bluee.. Love days off.. gettin pumped for Pure tonight
She does whatever she can to piss me off.... Whatever
I've changed & I hate it
haha how did this happen
dude call me. I will be at my place at 830ish. We should meet there
Heading to Pasadena CA in a few mins for a sales meeting that's taking place tomorrow! Traveling on the company,
Pineapples and strawberries >>>>
#imagine Zayn taking his fingers and running them up and down your spine, and you get chills. Zayn: you like that babe? You kiss him.
im doing this one for me...not you..
No. It's 8 o' clock.
Wow how rare is that i thought that was earthquake country now so cal got tornados shit hop ppl in moble homes run lol
Good Morning TweetiePies! It's Monday and there is lots happening this morning in this here land of the free - ALREADY! Some fun stuff too!
#10thingsaboutmyself 2. I have an older brother  and younger sister. 
100 imma have to come down south see what y'all working with.
Yes, even though we do have our problems, I am very grateful to have the freedoms I have as a woman in this country!
Ohh. I like your tattoos. They aren't predictable at all.
Clippers head into the half down by 4, which is like a 10-point lead considering how they've played.
IS THIS REAL LIFE?!
This first lady is a trip
And 88 wants WR pay. Good luck to him. RT : it's been Gronk and Vernon Davis who have taken over the tight end position this year
jjust finished watching up, now melrose place is on.
#Romney waiting to have final speech. He's like the fat kid that needs the last piece of cake.
Let's go Indy!!!! Eat Gang Green tonight :)
what about deep-fried frosting?
I need more followers in order to follow more of you, go ahead and follow me, it won't hurt a bit.
omg. I love this.
RT : If you have been hurt in an accident or a deliberate action, and are considering filing a personal injury......
McDonalds! They have #Victorious toys there now!
I buy shoes like a drug attick buys drugs
Oh.. Did you buy the Janoski wingtips ?
this would be GREAT since with long sheets the emails appear jumbled up in the email notifications
why start a skype conversation with me, ask a bunch of questions and then log out? irritating. learn which tech to use for which convo!
"Bright Light In Winter" LPs and CDs now in stock at Laurie's Planet Of Sound in Chicago
“ #Autism deserves the same respect as Downs & Retardation, etc. The Rain Man jokes are NOT OK!
Jason Feinberg: "Data can give us answers but it can not ask the right questions." #NARM2012 Town Hall.
I was your 4,000th Tweet!? Well, thank you! And I'd like to say this could never be possible without Buenos Aires, and NYC.
Branch really looks the part. Like his intensity. Not as quick off the ball. Thompson has made some big time plays vs run.
on its way! thanks!
I ain't one to judge I'm just saying.
just saw the hunger games!!! AH BEST MOVIE EVER!! (: <3
I'm responsible for what I say. I'm not responsible for what you understand.
Are you looking for unsigned artists still?
This could be a great day for the Mojito... It is summer in a glass!
Been watching The Big Lebowski or The Three Stooges? Could be either. RT My 4yo just said "coitus," so there's that.
Andrew Potter, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
God bless the St. Louis Cardinals!!!
Gee really has improved thru the course of the season.
Also "just kinda weird" guy hatin' on others 4 being "hostile" has profile pic of skeleton holding a gun
“: Looking strong! Looks like it was a fun race... congrats!” Thanx that was 8.5 miles in!
Im Up Early, Waiting For My Tat Man
is like FLUX.'s cooler older sister.If you find yourself in #DC & curious about #DCArts events, Philippa's got you covered.
#FF because it's friday!!! & she's a cool person :)!
haha you got it!
": really?" Hi twubby I missed yo sexy ass! But what I do now?
Somehow I still got hangover. Guess there's only one thing to do
RT if you love jeans! Where have you found your favorite denim duds?
Shout out to Prilosec OTC, The first Official Sponsor for The "It Ain't About Us" Charity projects featuring Crystal Cartier, SA Join them!
Wait. Bubbles are over? Did you just say that? I hope you meant more in that they're just like water -- essential.
18 proud seconds
have you TRIED it though?!
Beliebers should respect our boys like we respect Justin. It's just really cruel. - Blanka
Honestly, not surprising news about gays is all the rage today. North Carolina hates them, but Obama doesn't. Duh and duh.
Do the things you know, and you shall learn the truth you need to know.
I don't take anything for granted RT Bellavia would have won Genesee GOP endorsement too if there had been a vote.
Countdown to #HIMSS10... looking forward to meeting everyone!
So busy school causes stress
Awesome, glad you loved it! I thought the Cuban was gonna be the star of the show, but Juicy Lucy's in the lead so far!
...the dreams will come to you.” ― Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture
cool part of thats me and my friend we thought yall looked adorable so we kept watching it lol(:
Once i Seen The Matt Forte Post i Knew it was you LAMEEBUTT (x
Looking forward to cooking a Mexican feast for our lovely Marketing team tomorrow - Buen Provecho!
When someone is offering you exactly what you want, why turn it down? : )
lol idk, I have direct tv so its on channel 279. It's on oprahs network lol There showing like all these episodes
you're welcome!
I will have 61 credits when I graduate. Chyeahh boy.
:-( Sorry, I hope things turn around for you.
Head hurts.
that is a most welcome change from past convention sites
Mexican player carded for diving in the box... didn't think the ref had the cajones...
The tart irony of people posting about leaving instagram on Facebook.
Man Driving To Work Killed By Wrong-Way Driver On Bishop Ford
you fuck with guys all the time? Ok ...
Summertime, and the livin is easy...
RT love ur new eyeblack. Just saw the press release & images. They look great. Well done on the design
#Chlamydia is known as a "silent" disease because the majority of infected people have no
I love you so much (:
On the way back to NYC. Had a fun month on tour with Michael Buble in the US. Now for a little time at home!
wow, just realized that last tweet was my 600th....epic. what a friggin topic to discuss for such a milestone.
Y'all: It's late in the day to say so, but follow to keep on top of news. Slated for a weekend in September.
Going to hand out "Beat The Heat" signs to businesses tomorrow. Let me know if you have suggestions on the Eastside, Westside or brip!
Stagecoach is going crazy this weekend!
A 100 Mfz can't tell me nothing
and forever ;)
How Do You Guys Know Vinny Has A GirlFriend?!?
nice socks
RT!!! Straight Up Hustler The Party Scene
Great line up 2morrow @ Elmington Park West End + Macky's Italian Ice!
and I can't stand the spurs so that's saying something
sign up for THE EROTIC .com for your chance at 50k and a modeling contract
#uhoh will probably be drunk anyway. I can't sleep either, btw.
can you call NWSports tonight and talk to about selection? #WOU we have coach Ferguson on the show before
aye im jealous!! ": I will be broke thanks to sephora"
nice. where'd you see her?
already gearing up for Felix in the Bronx on Friday. you know he can't wait.
RT : a hipster used a taxi? What happened, bike broken?
Confucius Say...Woman who puts rooster in freezer has frozen cock.
appeals procedures 4 Olympic events very short. 30 mins for protest, 30 mins for appeal. Must pay filing fee in Swiss francs
Ha! It's funny because my dad is from France and I born there but I know little of French xD
So long Cliff Lee... we'll miss you in Seattle.
Registration for the Run Like Hell 5k is CLOSED. No more in-store registration. If you missed it, see you next year!
Leave the world a little better than you found it. — Baden Powell
Plus Kobe do need to get his act right outside the court.
With pleazure. Bow down to ME, Queen!
must've been the luckiest Texan in the world
Watching We Bought a Zoo in math :)
Its Birthday dedicated Granders stay up to wish him Happy Birthday early as possible(; follow back please-?-?
When he remembers special dates without you mentioning it...♥
I want pizza! Send a slice my way...I want it my way. MY WAY!
Just answer the question. Or are you avoiding it? Ha ha ha
let the fun begin
You can have all the wine, then. :)
redeye back to tallahassee. played cash all day and made enough to pay for the trip. good times, twitter
He had 41 points so I feel him. !
Congrats & good luck to all the #entrepreneurs that made the 2nd round judging for !
Dick Clark --it seems only a moment ago we were all dancing to American Bandstand. RIP.
Sorry I don't come on twitter very much.
Visit our website to see some of our past events. That may answer your question :).
oh my Christ what oh my god.
Agreed re:
And yes, those lyrics are from his lover's Honey Funny Bunny ^.~.
Nigga in st.matinville bored as hell
Aint nothin wrong wit Downtown! Am I right?
What an eventful Thursday night
sounds threatening - hence, a good tagline for the Internet
New little practice amp just arrived...10 watt Rogue. Not too bad :)
Congrats 2 the Dept. of Student Transportation's SW Terminal 4 its GPS-VERIFIED 100% ON-TIME Performance today!
completed her food and exercise diary for 04/27/2012
Oh shit, Marvel are adding to The Vision to The Avengers this season!
R.I.P Dick Clark
Had a great afternoon
AMEN to that!
Traigan el tequila, vamos a celebrar al Mexican style
Life is a game that one plays according to the rules
CONGRATS! WELCOME TO THE BERKELY FAMILY
have not tweeted in a while!
M. Raise your hand if you have eaten at Green Leaf! M
Nun Much But Alot At The Same Time ,Imy Too
"Don't let your happiness depend on something you may lose." -C.S. Lewis
Bob interested in my hospice C/G book I wrote. Will be published in 4 weeks. Come see us at SPRING FLING Jameson Radiation FR 4/27/12
also, I'm having a hard time filling up my list... I've only got about 12 things so far
Oh no! Not the metric system! That's horrible-- the class sounds like a great way to introduce more people to archaeology.
Did you know that botanically speaking a rose doesn't have thorns--it has "prickles ?"
Quite a long day. Team USA brought home one medal today. Congrats to Crystal Weekes for winning a bronze medal in female heavyweight.
“: Best thing LeBron did 2nd half: Take up rebounding slack vs. Hibbert. Wound up with 15 rebs as M..." he does it ALL
In Richmond, VA about to hit up a rehearsal for a concert tomorrow. It's straight ahead jazz with some caribbean music thrown in.
Im sure lebron hasnt fouled until the last half of the 4th quarter
Getting ready to open up the Sugar Shack! Stay tuned...
Last night we were played on 88.3 wxav!!! Request to hear us!
We'd love to have you! It's on Wednesdays at 9:30pm
Leverage the benefits of workload optimization in the data center | IBM: via
Didn't "W" breastfeed til he was 40? or was he doing lines of coke off that old bag mother's private parts until he turned 40?
#thatawkwardmoment when your friends leave you for hours. And forget about you.
Hoping the rain this weekend holds off until after the #crazylegsclassic. Last year was wet enough!
Do you think tattoos are addicting?
thank you! ;DD
You're a crazy man. Btw, did you get the email from Amazon?
Yeah, for what?
is the #LASparks game scheduled for Sunday @ 5:30 getting bumped? haha
He gives power to the weak, and to those who have no might He increases strength. - Isaiah 40:29
Who wants my 3800th tweet?
's closet.
Poor Mister Softee. How does he get a date?
Morning world, how's everybody???
Nick Breezyy forever
Hm. I've been to a club called Dirty Rats, so clearly my standards and judgment shouldn't be trusted on this one.
today is the closing performance of Abduction! Where am I going to get my Mozart fix after today?
I will let you know; I'll fill out that form thing today.. Sorry I keep forgetting!
good morning whats new
we did not make it there tonight, some of our members may have been present
this Friday we will be in Cleveland opening for and at the beachland ballroom! Learning a new cover to debut!
which means it's instinctual lol he was born to be a star!
Thank you very much Yolanda!
I use a software tool that records everything done in video, audio & txt transcripts realtime which are sent to me daily
you too, sweetie.
Giordano had 5 int. last year and 1 forced fumble, probably will get him for cheap and at least a good backup.
Hey Hey Hey how are you? (:
“: Astounding MT There are now 70 concussion-related lawsuits filed vs NFL including 1,800+ former players”
follow me on flameup_itslou
I think most people around here are crazy busy. You might want to contact ICS admissions directly to get a quick reply.
Long day of sitting in front of my computer. Listening to Pandora Radio makes it easier... that & getting up to stretch once in a while.
hanging with and
hope all you are doing great!
Happy Born Day! Welcome to 33!
This lady needs to learn to "just say no"...
Following recent hires, #NelsonHall still recruiting for both #BPO analysts and marketing personnel
worked all day, took care of my babies.
My client, Synergy Design and Construction, was on a live news show today.
Getting used to new protocols.
RT the Italian Enterprise Technical Support account is now open to help Italian customers
thanks, straight from the source! :) will check it out!
Should You Blog EveryDay -JustSmellSoGood .com www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
We will be closed on Easter Sunday. Enjoy the Holiday!
Your Money: Enthusiastic About Car Sharing? Your Insurer Isn x2019;t
Would God's messenger be like the Unabomber, or America's karma, that'll rip through your body armor?
that makes me so much happier than I thought it would ugh
heard 2011 was a big hit! Congratulations. #babybumpbegone 2012!
yeah, fucking whatever.
I'm not too sure if I'm hungry or just bored... I'll wait to 1pm to decide...
Did you know I was a twin? Oh you didn't? Well meet me and my creep twin in April :)
I'm a fan of that too, I have a nice legal pad and sharpie pen sitting right next to me :)
welcome to twitter buddy
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile
is it possible that we're running out of 512 numbers because people have multiple google voice numbers
Word on the street is that Twitter's been so slow this week because of tweets coming from #ces09 &
Thanks. Sounds like matters are getting worse.
shit trynna see how every one is now days
and where is my invite to Alex's house...?
we don't have a deck, we didn't even have a bathroom remember? Our new Store Does! And Parking.
good looking. Much respect! Thank you!
you are the best merch girl ever
#nmsu this speaker sounds like Sarah palin.
aight I got you but minus the heat jersey
Any more JAMS students willing to give us input on an interview event, tweet #jamsfeedback and we'll be in touch! Thanks!
And even thou it eats at me everyday and every second. I still keep it a secret.
Looking for the first title since 1968
Deena Pierott and Maria Rubio will be moderating the discussion today
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
thanks for the follow! would love to be featured in your magazine! :)
inserts to plant today. jackets should be off press this week to plant next. still waiting on MMS. Tirra Lirra on short tour up north
bout to figure that out in a minute
By massaging and gently pulling on your ears once per day increases your immune system, and protects your organs and tissue
Ohshit. I just know this is going to be great.
from on The Show now!
lol, yeah well me too but that isn't translating for me ;)
chemistry.. A little bit boring^^ great :D
It's sad when I have to remind my boyfriend not to forget his retainer before bed.. he needs to keep me around.
Believe RT : I'm rappin while I'm rollin joints. True story. shit!
Hey Kathie Just Wanted To Say How ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS YOUR SUPPORT FOR THE GAY COMMUNITY HAS BEEN I Recently Came Out myself
Thank you!!
Agreed! ": Jamar vs. Juliet trending. Tears should be trending too. #TheVoice"
Energy is wasted if a toaster is left plugged in.
Review your credit report at least once a year to check for errors or duplicate information.
Victoria you're so gorgeous I'm jealous!
one more day of practice before myquick turn around trip to paris to play w miracles club yacht dragging an ox brainstorm and beyonda on sat
At least strangers at Burt's still compliment the bartenders on the picture of my ass. Never grow old, folks. Never.
is having their end of bin sale on wine, liqour and beer. Hurry in and take advantage before it's all gone.
Look at The Sheriff turning two like a shortstop!
Just got an email reminder about #BASHH tomorrow & I got all excited!
I have a toddler with a very high crankiness quotient this morning. :/
HvZMod FACT: and are siblings that were separated at birth.
Happy New Year! Mention you follow us on Twitter for $1 off an order of Chicken 'N Waffles in January!
if my googling is correct, as the crow flies you are about 3,500 miles away...
I would just like to thank the #Bears organization for having the worst back up quarterback!!
So how about im pumped for school tomorrow. Why? Cause its a joke and i have 2 pottery classes haha
download that on fb ! 😊💜
Nope. Hoping takes care of me. My 5D mark ii has been great up till now. Not sure why it won't turn on.
You are welcome:)
because they'd look great on you
Kmeade is so beautiful and I love you so much<3 -lauren
just a couple days, back home now, I'll be back late spring/summer for sure!!
Tanning naked <3
yeah yeah...so i had a wee bit of an issue remembering. But still got their numbers at least.
Convinced hubby to watch Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris. I think he liked it. I did :)
the coolest site around: www.lombardistreet.com
Where's the love?
thanks lady! so good meeting you
Big sunglasses are an ugly girl's best friend
"from chicago i survive any coldwar"
We're looking forward to it too! RT : We'll be staying for 16 days. Looking forward to stay with you!
Flawless flight experience. Thanks !
I LOVE the new Dicks Sporting Goods commercial with the #Rudy music!
Should be working out or drawing but bumming it for two seconds on twitter looking at pics is so much better. Lol
If you don't sound like Rosie Perez or look like J. Lo then it's assumed you're something else & not PR
RIP Maurice Sendak. Words can't express how bright your spirit was, or how powerfully you impacted the world of children's lit.
I belonged to Northern VA Electric Cooperative and still receive dividend checks
Hah! I'd be too embarrassed! Though every year we have a game night at our library, maybe then I'll make a video :)
Another day in paradise beginning in Cincinnati (~);}
So we're the sun... LOL
Chai Spice Latte....sweet Bluberry muffins? Our Strawberry Milkshake is going to bring all the vaper's to the yard!! COMMING SOON!!
Going to need that Justin Timberlake gif, guys.
dont work to hard
very good point
Retaliers Facebook Pages grow 20 percent on average as a result of these seasonal promotions on Facebook
The are #BeingMilwaukee right now
Man....Imma let y'all have that. Go argue w/ her, yall know her twitter name
taco fiesta has a kick-ass happy hour on friday. buy two drinks and there is a free buffet!
Don't forget to help defray: Donate some cash to the magic trashcan at
“: Um, yes. RT : Is Newcastle any good?” lulz. Sounds like a media day question.
said it right #ChristianConservatives supporting is akin 2 saying their hate 4 trumps love 4
I wish you'd understand how much you mean to me<3
I hope everyone remembered to Spring forward today!
The student is your (teacher's) customer
This weekend on The Trail: Corvette Show at Winery at La Grange; Harmony Place Charity Benefit and Scott Murray at the Philip Carter Winery
Trying My BEST To keep a SMILE On my Face.
Blow to DREAM ACT. Lugar defeated by Tea Party Challenger.
Do not pitty the dead, pitty the living specially the ones that live without love...
Where'd you go?
RT RT featured in today's article giving the inside scoop and practical tips on commercial auditions http ...
when times are tough the quiet study room calls your name. Best of luck these next 3 days.
When the going gets tough get a tank!!!
My train ride is long enough no longer for the two of you. But I'm enjoying the
So, the Pirates won? More importantly, which perogie came in first?
Starting to appreciate driving only once a month
FYI: British fashion company Burberry is the fourth-fastest-growing company, behind Apple, Google and Amazon.
Running burns more calories than walking, depending on time. Ex: If u run for 30 min or walk for 30 min, running will burn more calories...
I still can't believe hack ass Corey Hart ties the game. Come on #Brewers I want to celebrate a win!
"People are strange when you're a stranger, faces look ugly when you're alone."
correction NURSE RATCHET
Coming tomorrow: How to roast red peppers
you're a lifetime movie.
I find it funny when christian rappers say "I don't really like christian rap"...lol really? U think that makes u sound deep?
ya I am
Good for you, Schill
Worse, it's the Canadians....
Made it thru two 10 of 12's for "1776" at ! One to go after a well-deserved day off!
Yup still at the school
and 10 Things I Hate About You is based on The Taming of the Shrew!
Thank you so much for all you do. We are thrilled you had a great time!
RT : When ppls hoods start trending people be getting upset ^_^
Um, definitely more than fire code allows. We had well over 300 through the museum, and prob close to 250 in the room?
- PROFOUNDLY AGREE !!!!
bum knife fighting should be an actual sport. I'd love to watch that while drinking a beer. Lol.
oh sweet! Thank you!! Could you send it to me by tomorrow?!
are you at Jupiter Lanes?
And thanks to a metric ton of work (to the gram), puts within view of a beta. Stay tuned.
If your girlfriend tells you tonight I'm going to make all your fantasies come true and she thinks she's involved, she's delusional
Our weekly Specials will be back after #RestaurantWeek concludes. Don't fear, though, we'll still be bringing you our famous FREE music!
.... BANGARANG BITCHES! Get your asses to stat! The #crowsnest is open
love it!
that is fabulous and I am going to check out your book. I love the name. What is the genre?
Overdone is for turkeys and passionate people. I'm both.
I have never had a night as interesting as last night.
ts a great Day To Record!! HomeBass Studios has all your Engineering needs. Get in the Loop!!
Darling Companion, Johnny and June Carter Cash.
I have to say that little shocks me anymore, but that tweet from AB was unbelievable. Thank you for RTing.
We've been working hard on formative assessments for few years--built into curriculum.
Enroll in auto pay to avoid forgetting to pay the bill and avoid late fees. Remember to double check your statements each month for mistakes
Went to showroom in NY. Have two pairs. Been wearing one.
#SMWRoleModels "Food blogs are among the top three blog topics"
I GOT TO BE ON THE STAGE FOR K+Q IN BOCA. IT MUST BE AMAZING TO SEE THAT SEA OF PPL EVERY NIGHT.HOW DOES THAT FEEL? :)
I miss u too and thank u
last thought on Raburn. You're going to boo him cause Leyland puts him in the lineup & plays him too much? shouldnt you boo Leyland instead?
but there's a good chance I'll meet 1d since the flashmob is at the venue, we're hoping they will watch us!:)
Freshly cooked artichoke hearts with a little bit of mayo makes my inner child happy. :-D
are you moving to portland?? we need a 4th roomiee if you are ;) ;)
Watching #8Mile :) I love this movie.
Dying to know, but afraid to find out.
Playing Call of Duty instead of studying for my Anatomy test
Thank you to our generous sponsors , , , , &
writing new musickz?
Absolutely! These parents are organizing for the only thing that matters: their kids.
Polar bears
KG best fake tough guy ever.
Save the date! Regional Clinical Seminar | "Sports Vision" by Paul Harris,OD | Hamilton, New Zealand | 17-18 November 2012. More info TBA.
Focus on long term success but be willing to make short term adjustments to get there.
unless you have a badge telling me to slow down is pointless
Thank you.
James Dyson, the inventor of the Dyson Vacuum cleaner, "failed" at more than 5,100 prototypes before getting it just right.
I had a startling realization when I discovered what an epiphany was.
Where are you watching the game today? Need any good places to go for halftime?
still gives you a really tough lineup...ej is better than Jamal Crawford
No meeting for me today. Guess i'll get my workout in early!
something is addictive about you...(:
Excited for SYTYCD Vegas week today and then DWTS Live tonight with all the SYTYCD alum. Woot! I'll do my best to cover it for you.
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile TAKE HER 2 A JUSTIN BIEBER CONCERT.....YUP
yeah totally. Mhmm. Good luck with that.
. Ew. Don't leave your Kindle unattended around him, LOL.
I love you bro :') I'll throw extra hard for you!
2weeks till I'm back home ! Cali that is
And it just gets worse for the Tree
I hate that feeling when you always want HIM there because you were so use to having LOVE there..
is a social media and SEO genius! Thank you for contributing to the Theater Connects future!
REST! Mom's remedy is hot lemonade & asprin then get under the covers & sweat it out! Oddly it works.
Wanna change my avi , but idk if it'll be worth the drama ...
Yeah and thanks!:D
Wishing you all a very Merry Christmas filled with joyful memories to last a lifetime!
It's still not to late to check out our brand new song! www.byejune.com
Greetings Miss Ashley - cheers to our successful Friday!
is my fav too!!
Hear with your EARS, but listen with your HEART ~ Lori Brewer
We are at the Spectrum Sports Club in Rolling Hills for the open house. Stop by, grab a ZICO and work out!!
Ne-Yo ft Rihanna "Hate That I Love You" smh
RT : Grabbing a delicious dog from ! // Thank U!
how you feel about original instrumentals with a unique sound with no samples
followed TEAM MINDLESS FOLLOWBACK :D
So in wrapping up, what should we watch out for? Any upcoming shows, projects, productions out in LA? Or in NYC?
it's toilet tv. I can't help it!
I think I just got pranked call
crazy busy week ahead with practices, studio, shows & festivals. should be fun though!
First day on the show floor, and pleasantly surprised at the number of vendors showing off batteries, chargers. Big topic.
Never wanted 2 tell someone 2 shut the fuck up so much in my life! Bout to miss the last shuttle hm! This broad needs to shut up !!
Oh no! :( Definitely not acceptable. Can you have your friend email me with details? supportdc(at)uber(dot)com
Great job on educating Realtors about the Top 10 tech tools!
how would u embarrass me? U know nothing about me?
Thinks this heat is natures way of telling me it's time to drop the excess blubber...
I finally understand Pikachu for not wanting to evolve. I'm not the only one that doesn't want to grow up.
Happy Valentine's Day to my favorite girl....Mary Jane:)
Mahomies gonna love <3 you're amazing .
really? I think you'd be rather good at it for the same reasons you are a Frustrated Yenta. Compassionate, patient, high EQ.
You've lost all your weight…now what? Girl, keep at it every single day from now on…or you'll go back to the way you were. You can do it!
Oh yes, I've heard of those...Something else to look forward to.
Everyone needs to go get Malcolm X on Afro American History..head to amazon and get one..
But seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness, and all these things shall be added to you. ~Matthew 6:33"
We have Hot Yoga!! See you in a bit!
I know if I ever need a smile I can Look at ur post and always laugh. laughter is the best medicine plus great friends
your a little slow ... Just a little ahhaha yeah & hair to ... How the hell is the beach going to be possible?!?!?!
i hope has a great day c: <3
Found #AFFORDABLE #flaxseed at #Hostess Bakery Outlet Shop. About $3 for a 1 lb bag #whole #flaxseed. Ground #flax #better; absorbs #best!
Wow my mom hasn't even noticed that I dyed my hair....I mean come on I don't have purple that's should be noticeable!
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. -Charles Austin Beard
Will be guest speaking at Bill Linsman's BU in LA class on Tues. night & at the Burbank Film Festival on Thursday night. Busy week ahead!
Okay guys I'm not trying to start drama or bring up old news or anything I love griffin but what did she do? What's the flashing about?
dear life , fuck you sincerely, I'm gonna die anyway.
a #ff hello to our newest followers!
Hey everyone. Don't forget to wear Purple today, October 20 for Spirit Day
When are we gonna hang out? Do I have to invite myself over with a pitcher of mimosas or what?
Why on earth did you go to this? You knew you'd hate it...
This Thursday April 28th, at the "8-Weeks to a Better You" program, I will be talking on exercise, metabolism & the FITT principle. See you!
Busted that ass today tho... Dropped 30 points, 12 assists, a few rebounds, a steal, and 2 blocks. Leggo!
I do not wanna get ready I dont even feel like doing my hair -__- ):
actually more like 7 months lol
RT : Striding for a good future .
now im on twitter, lol
"Life is like a ten-speed bicycle. Most of us have gears we never use." Charles Schulz (via: )
Errbody droppin a mixtape ima wait cuz i been buildin my buzz errday someone ask me for my mixtape dont worry its coming let the lames shine
My site is going into maintenance mode for a day or two. It's going from ugly duckling to graceful swan. Thanks for your patience.
I going to Greece. Who wants to join me?
Heroclix tonight at the store! Super hero throwdown starting at 630pm
The issue I have is that he doesn't practice "crack journalism" which implies that his colleagues do. That's a fail.
How neglectful! Both eyes should be on CCF
still questioning whether or not #Rubio is worth all the hype ... cc:
this is bullshit.
LOL thanks Chef you know me I like to either spice things up or not play by the rules haha
Sorry to make you re-register. Once you create your account, you should be all set!
i i wouldnt trust math with much. It'd warp it and i suck at math so maybe i'd get the wrong answers all the time. Hahaha
I do know one thing though
Hiromi tore it up at the Monterey Jazz Festival tonight - she's an amazing musician.
So I'm going to do what every young divorcee who looks like me does. I'm starting a burlesque troupe. I'll see you on the road.
that is also one of my favorites.
meetup when you finish? I'm in the building.
Get well my Brother...you will be missed!
RT “: I love my relationship with my bed. No commitment needed. We just sleep together every night. ;)”
You are right <3
I like craps
RIP Dick Clark a true American Icon
This sounds like an awful idea…
Congradulations for having ur baby luv her name nd btw ur a warrior cause she was a big baby i knw u nd the hubby r happy
So while is pushing inner beauty I'm going to tell everyone to stop stereotyping based on looks. Its pointless.
well it's unfortunate but I have to
Congrats to the on their 4th straight GFL championship
I would like to trade my Mad Magazine collection for a time share in south Florida (oceanfront preferred). Please call if interested.
Well that sucks!! Too crowded to even attempt the Monday #boxing class. Boo! Other people are such a downer
what's wrong with tomorrow...
I'm gonna watch tonight!
He's good but he's no sailor.
Jung is to Freud as Twilight is to Buffy. There, I've said it. - DvL
Check out this HOT UPCOMING Artist! NEW songs JUST OUT! Links on his page
huh crappy artist
my friend & team-will pick locations 2 plant churches in north jersey 200+ sites team is drafting ths wk
Hincapie: #287g allows local law enforcement officers to become effectively deputized as #ICE agents
Arrive early tonight and enjoy free cocktails from 9-10 and only $2 after that!
RT Love, love, love that scalar. :)
Oh, Cat Stark you're such a cock-blocker.
come to UK and you'll be wearin a Nike jersey! Go Big Blue!!!
What or whose pic I want to see it lol ? ": That picture from this morning is still creepy as hell"
men without Charlie is like Charlie without problems. Jon Cryer is going to be king pimp
Rangers are amazing
I used to put that shell chocolate ice cream stuff on a spoon, freeze it, than eat it.
follow back
No dude, no plans yet. What are you gona do?
hey beotch!! Fix your thong. Lol
I really don't want to go to school tomorrow -_-
“: Those who believe the media isn’t controlled, are controlled by the media.”
Today Pitino said this and I quote, "If we can't bring it back, I hope they do." Wow. Clearly he wants to win BAD, but that impresses me.
Sometimes I wonder who Tf I am
My idea of looking cute for work completely goes out the door when swamped. Hoodie, jeans, flops, and a messy bun today
Michael Kors Affordable handbags Release - The Gamer Access
Boy it sure would be nice.
KC Gossip. No drugs. No Mass Pike. No nothing. 17yo Zach, you'd be bummed.
i mean thats just it you guys and me and whoever my date is
Awesome! See y'all tonight at ! :)
I hope you're running on two hours of sleep.
listen to your heart. <3
Happy Birthday Princeton I hope you have a great day and full of Peace&Love
If im doing something wrong let me know /:
aww you're too kind! Looking forward to our reunion in a few days :-)
missed connections and vintage crap make CL worth a
you still here i bet huh what u do here fun in chicago anyways?
What is Liposculpture? It's liposuction - a surgical procedure that permanently removes excess localized fat cells for better proportion.
Mane N' Tail actually works. Shit, my hair has already grown 2 inches in a month O:
Oh damn, it hailing in deltona but its amazing in orlando.
is truely afraid of Glenn Beck
My time line stay with some crazy stuff
!!! “: Living with a #Cancer will bring unexpected mood swings. You never know what tomorrow will bring!”
Flo could sing the warning label on a pack of butts & I'd be smitten. Florence + the Machine's new song. su.pr/2rx8NH
my god, that is just so fucking adorable... you really got the cream of the crop. :)
Natural beauty
Can't wait to watch my dvr'd #thewalkingdead when I get home ..
tickets Schmickets. Who needs em? All about atmosphere! SUPER BOWL!!
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trustht5e
His fake accent is quite bad, isn't it?
Just wondering if you are a promoter for all the follow backs because that's all I see you doing? Please share a bit
A Degree after Military Service
Twitter is handling 1.6 billion queries per day.
With what little power they have, the Tea Party caused the lowering of the US debt limit, imagine the damage they could inflict with more.
Word RT I've cried during every American Idol performance tonight, in case you've ever wondered what having PMS is like.
Ok, getting ready for the school board to make their big political speeches to the crowd on closures
Apparently I talk too loud on the phone in the office. Sorry for partying, !!!
Thanks! I just might!
sad day
The fastest growing fetish in youth today is Stygmatophilia, sexual attraction to body piercings and tattoos.
I like the name "Champs" as a moniker for this team.
great night with at gala. great job !
The vocalist has obviously studied the greats when it comes to stage presence ... Jim Morrison, mick Jagger, maybe a hint of Sat. Night ...
#Amazing how even a small dose of #positive thinking can change the entire outcome of a situation.
I really don't think people understand how much I HATE my hair..
RT Happiness or sorrow -Whatever befalls you, Walk on Untouched, unattached.-
Today's the day! Four media:scape stations will be set up on the first floor of Snell Library. Come check them out!
I honestly feel like no one is real, and i'm always being used for something.
What is that nonsense, anyway?
10 min break to eat McDonald's chicken nuggets first...
how long is too long?
we probably disagree on this, but sitting on a shelf for longer than agreed to in CBA isn't mishandled, its a technicality.
I made a note to make a list of things to do after I get out of class but I dont remember what to put on it..
All the yummy foods of the season, BBQ in the air, but keep seeing: bikini in Hawaii. Remember the bikini, Amanda! :eats girl scout cookie:
big ups to for running another family dinner due to my dropping in on #lodlam Melbourne!
Thank you for clarifying your position. I concur.
Exciting News! My new Chicago venture, "Cooking Skills Academy". Classes start 4/26. Text: CHIM to: 41513 for registration and contest info.
He didn't pitch, they didn't play.": Also bear uses woods as toilet. :
How are you my oh so lovely Canadian?? Long time no see!!! Hope you're doing great!!! Catch you later gorgeous :)
I feel like it's time for some sort of an implant.
I'm umping (yes umping) the big Plover softball tourney June 22-24. I think State Special Olympics is June 9 here in Point.
Everyone is excited for #OpeningDay. will be tailgaiting with shrimp bc it's #GoodFriday as well! :)
hahah throw some crackers
so u single
It is my wish that we will meet here again to actually continue to build a platform that addresses these issues -Achim Steiner UNEP at EOE
Man Idk wtf this professor is talking bout.. I'm just watching the clock
I'd be happy to share my thoughts.
So much to do today. But sitting on couch catching up on #American idol is more important
our followers are gold! mine on!
yow some thing bad ago happen...mine nuh know.(°_°)
hotel VQ celebrates Denver beer week with the "Buckets of Beer" package. Check it out at www.hotelVQ.com
Picking up coffee & pastries for #aam2012 Blogging 201 w'shop. Come by, caffeinate, blog! 9am, Room 207AB
very nice!
Since my kids are exactly 2.5 years apart,we have a mini-party for their half-birthdays.
#FF to who makes me feel all those things romantic comedies want me to feel.
So I visited the acupuncturist and she put seeds in my ears on points that I "massage" when anxious.Very Wrath of Khan
Neon green? : Did u get your pre-trip mani pedi ? I went for a crazy color in honor of my bday - can u guess?”
We look forward to having you stay, Let us know if you need anything!
family guy is more important than me.
Awww... At the Rangers game!! Some guy just proposed on the big screen!!
you good buddy
#ReppinMyHood BALDWIN PARK STAND UP !!!!
I am very excited to be playing at the May 17. If you live in NY and are 21+ make sure you are there!
glad you came around. #themagiciscontageous :)
It's a family Disney dance party in our living room! I'd be jealous if I weren't here ;)
Thanks for spreading the good news, Kayleigh!
I need an assistant with experience, drive, & looks good in heels & skirts!
18hrs of non stop work, and i dont even drink coffee.. this is painful....
i really think you should like whatever you want to without shame unless you like Rush. cc:
Hey everyone - it's Walker Rebate Wednesday! Take the bus, ride your bike or walk to VIA and get 20% off your bill today.
How media memes are created fascinates me.Seau commits suicide.Blame is laid on concussions. Which leads to debate over football's future.
Got the job at New York and Company! Yay!
Tortorella better keep the Kreider ice time coming if he knows what's good for him
says collaborative scholarship is a different process and has a different "feel" than individual scholarship
lol...I guess some people feel sick after getting full or very full!
Still is.
Many people say they hope the contributions they make in their lives somehow leave the world a better place. Steve Jobs' life actually did
Hello Fellow Capricorn
an awesome feeling: when you tell your boyfriend that you're just dumb and then he agrees ow ok.
#DontDoubleMyRate I,m. Sorry for misbehaving.
Watching SNL with Will Ferrell as host. I'm more excited than at the gym.
why do grasshoppers become locusts? Find out this Friday at 8:15 with the audio documentary "Lives of Animals"
Christmas is around the corner, are you ready?
my friend is a #BABE!
Anything embarrassing happen to anyone today? Ill tell you if you got me beat...
Gaaah! Just redonk! & team ginger! #makerbot here at a shit ton of celebrities!
7 innings...hm
Aw! Thanks love. Happy Friday && same to you. (:
Thanks so much. I really enjoyed visiting Lexington and all of the great professors and grad students on your campus. Thanks!
Up benefiting the #FLT fam while you just make a white guy richer punching his clock,I see you bums
“Sports serve society by providing vivid examples of excellence
You're the best!
is applesauce a viable alternative to eggs?
Amber Flirtini: 3 Olives Berry Vodka, Chambord, Bols Triple Sec crushed raspberries, pj, and cranberry juices topped w/a splash of champ!
meaning, Ginger don't give a sh*t? Err, maybe she does. ;)
Everything you say is fire. Don't you know people write songs about girls like you?
True, but Bob is also reduced to tears by bad national anthem renditions, people getting welfare, and Merton
we would love if both of you could attend our fashion show on the 16th of May
HEY ARE YOU A COLTS CHEERLEADER?
don't lie, you love her
Phone call or skype,??? :D anyone ????
Njonjo: Bureaucracies get in the way of moving from transparency -> accountability. Kenya is one of the most responsive in Africa
": hollaback girl by gwen stafini = classic ( idk how to spell her name) its *Gwen Stefani*
I got it! Being really, really, ridiculously good looking while in #Delirium Just ask Orlan.
I walk on my bus and all i smell is major BO .
Wiped out after a huge awesome first day of #minnewebcon - your director will be low-key tomorrow.
Im so sick of beauty and the beast music and guess what pops up on my pandora........
just discovering your #TED talks and I'm loving the passion and infectious energy. Watch and absorb people.
Don't you think people hate being called " ugly " when they are perfectly beautiful, and you're too self centered to realize it..
I'm not big on giving random people a chance. I don't like strangers they ALWAYS end up being crazy or weird!
gross, I hope you get awkward stares & disgusted looks all day long cuz of ur socks w/ birkenstocks.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when u call person B to ask for person A's cell phone number, u dial it.... Person A is in ur contact list
RT : RT "A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else." —Cardinal De Retz
Your fans are going crazy to see you !!! THEY WANT THESE TICKETS!!!
is she crying too!?
Nietzsche: "Gay science...is a reward...of a long, brave, industrious, and subterranean seriousness, of which...not everyone is capable."
Well, no win to mark on the board tonight, but it's good to be at the ball fields anyway!!
.: Your duty to uphold the 1st Amendment trumps state law. Did you authorize the use of assault weapons aimed @ protestors?
Yessum! U Like it?? The whole shoot produced some Uh.May.Zing. shots!!!
:/ r/s ": I know it's all starting to sound the same"
Playing at Plaza De La Raza tonight: 10:30-12midnight...the house is packed.
Thank you so much for including me in this!
#YouKnowItsRealWhen I can't stop thinking about you.
I'm so livid right now! I'm beyond words at this point!! #GoingOff!!!
wwwhhhhhatttt up yo?? We are good! You?
Re-connecting with my network and making new contacts. Considering going into business for myself...(?)
yuppers...I did on Monday....changed my password immediately but was a bit too late...ho ya doing?
one of my favorites
George, you need a little isthmus, right this very minute! Give Manuel the business! If you now begin it we could all be home by Christmas!
Me and doing the cakewalk in the car....let me just say its hilarious.
you got to come get some this heat over here in the studio
RT : Repping my purple and black for the #rockies baseball game with all the girls today! :-)
. Love Lassaigne. We visited him in Montgeux last year. KILLER Vin Clair. My teeth still hurt from the acid.
of course! ;)
...and subsequently use me as fuel.
that reminds me of santos class... 97.3 the coast lol
Walking dead is truly a good show ...
OH MY GOD I KNOW. puberty has served him well.
Where is ?
Removed the pea-gravel sidewalk from around the edges of a pool & now recycling the concrete at the concrete recycling center off Britmoore!
At the Make Out Room...Noone makes out here anymore.
Hi luvs! Tweet me If you want a follow back! Xo
We're playing Sat. 5/14 at Double Door in Chicago opening for The Memorials...hope to see you there! Send us a msg for cheap presale tix
The flooding was bad when we got here. Water has really receded since then.
what even changed in this "New twitter"???
#OpeningDay #MLBFC The best double play combo is and Bob Uecker calling the #Brewers on the radio.
Either I have long, luscious eyelashes or the lenses on these sunglasses are remarkably close to my eyeballs.
The awkward moment that makes the awkward moment more awkward
#DailyQuote: "My most treasured possessions are not things; my friends, family and animals are what counts." - Olivia Newton-John
I won a free copy of 's book: "Managing Enterprise Content: A Unified Content Strategy!"
haha she was!
Also tonight, Market: Windowpane w/Van Eps, : Lotus Plaza, and : Grave Babies, Posse w/Wimps
Inner healing involves moving from darkness to the light.
Civic Leadership Academy talking Human Services in AZ w DES Director Carter & SVP Brian Spicker of
Airlift transports having difficulty landing in volatile air and sea of people. Circling around
I always do. What do you think ideal "Nascar"-type pass-rushing D-Line will #Bills employ in 2012? Who's on the sidelines?
Hey hoe, you see my dude Dom over there, ya, go suck his pee-pee. -Will. I'm done hahaha
Meeting with the press this morning!
I did message u my number lol. Stupid twitter. Ill dm u my cell# again.
Press release lead: I thought you might like to know that some next level business moves are being made on the internet at this very moment.
We know UNICs are organizing Holocaust Remembrance events. Pls tweet and let us know about them! , ,
You can be my superman, save me here I am ♥
Good morning! Today would a good day to do something nice for someone else.
thanks! Hope you listen to our upcoming shows!
I just looked up your weather. Uh, since when is 81 unbearable? I had a summer with a heat index of 122!!
people r to listening to me shit:(
And then I was handed the hat of grant writer on top of the 15 other hats I wear. This better come with a raise.
I added something else to the new picture ;)
DO IT MEECH, DO IT. You are going to have all sorts of lewd and nefarious relations tonight. Think of me..
one and what? NOT! #ForgiveYaBen ;-}
I guess I need a girlfriend!
what is the crystal castle????
I hate women because of my mom... and she hates me because she hates men in general. Will the circle be unbroken?
i already knew that but at least you real with it and you aint no asshole
yea but she's pretty and kicks it with Rob! We seriously do!!!
what your 40
Thank you for the tip!! RT I am learning too, I have a new Canon T2i, try online classes with
Getting ready for the good times...
Going through a hard time right now.. And I feel like I have no one to talk too :/
actually what they said is sugar is toxic..so toxic they are making me wait 24 hrs.
Officially bored.
Congratulations to U-17 US Women's National Team for punching their ticket, with a 3-0 victory over Panama, to the U-17 Women's World Cup!
Fifth grade family night is on Tuesday, August 30. 5:30-6:30 in the evening!
Put #TeamQinTheCommunity, #TQiTC, or just tweet @ us and we will highlight you and hopefully gain you some SD Followers.Have a great day
#CodyOnEllenAgain LET'S MAKE THIS #1 TRENDING TOPIC ANGELS!!!!!
I love my job.. Watching videos, playing DrawSomething with and fucking facebooking all day.
Fucc you scorpion looking ass....
we <3 UR music & our fans <3 U! We would love 2 interview U.
please stay forever #thankyou :)
Telling ME to count to ten and calm down! I'm at 150 and I'm still hot -_____-
Passion is the genesis of genius.
I miss my boyfriend -_-
On SF Bay today: Western Grebe, Eared and Horned Grebe, Common Loon, Common Murre, Scaup by the thousands, Wigeon, and the usual suspects
Ah so. Hope you had a great one. :-)
Nun Layin down Listen to Ma FAV ND I hope u feel Better.
Thanks! Enjoyed your recent article on NY Startups. Best of luck with
I sure hope to see you at TED; it was great to meet you at PSFK Detroit.
He about to lose..bout to lose..bout to lose me..he about to lose me eh eh eh
hahahahaha :) your funny lol Dang I really don't know how people can tweet so much haha like BAWK TWEET TWEET TWEET !!!!!
#IfICouldIWould...I did it all already and went out in a delirous rant afterwards..
They mean the world to me ❤💚
Thanks for the follow! Happy Sunday!
what shitty photos?
finger blasting
Praying for rain. We need it
Have a great vacation to HI!! Unwind and enjoy all the awesomeness. Sip some mai-tai. My fave drink.
New options trade to be released this Friday, July 16th. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com. Up +28.6% this month!
Why do people make excuses ?! if you really want to talk to someone trust me you would make an effort plain & simple
Practice what you preach...
my shirt is still wet -_-
RT : , astronaut & MD Anderson doc, now up. "Telemedicine is the closest thing to surgery in space."
What a glorious London morning it is... Nothing witty to say, just a beautiful bloody day thus far... Cheers!
BUT YOU'RE A NIELSEN!!!
I always loved her duet with Peter Cetera, After All. Reminds me of the movie Chances Are. Anyway, back to MADONNA...
Exactly, they like to weaken women. I don't know, probably if it doesn't get cancelled. The speaking characters are leaving.
If yu cashed out then yu ass out if im cashed out then it bring that mask out #LKG shit
Miami Vice!
What is this #SanDiego weather? Let's cut out and head to Nicaragua....
This sucks! I broke mine in the middle of a lecture last year. I hope your day gets better.
Thanks! Glad we'll get to work with you!
:D thanks for the updates babe
You talk to much man. He aint yo friend..
yep. pro tools works on mac and pc. .
Cynthia tells of damages #SCOMM causes families w/US born children.
Twitter drone
So there are no PC bangs in San Francisco? I haven't played SC2 in 12 days and my hands feel really tight & not carpal tunnelly. Me no like.
Thanks, , for making sure one of my favorite films, THE PRINCESS BRIDE, is preserved for the ages.
Go Lakers! ": Looks like THIS game is OH VAH ...."
Google docs for session notes: bit.ly/qeile8
Romo will play cowboys will win and giants will cry Bradshaw and Jacobs are on steroids
Want to get rid of that long honey do list from last year ? Call Mr.D's we'll take care of it and keep you out of the dog house.619-562-5848
in a city like mine there's no point in fighting
OMG! Yes, yes it is.
SVEDKA FOR ALL!
One glimpse of God's beauty can steal your heart, and ruin you for anything else.
I forgot my glasses. Shiiiiiit
Filmmaker wants to make CLERKS I, but as a Broadway play instead of a movie!
its called schweddy balls =P
Frank Luntz: I can't imagine in the 21st Century that we are not graduating students fully proficient in Computer Science.
Making moves We love our city!
what do you love about CULC?
woo can't wait!
Hope all the mommas are having a particularly lovely day! xo
SHES GONE! lets do something stupid(:
ugh your friends suck balls dude -.-
doing well half way through the week :) you?
He better not go to OT on Christmas eve. Too many kids are depending on him!
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow 
Will USC continue their Florida pipeline? Robey, Allen, Williams, Agholor ... Hargreaves?
I met your brother last night,he was convinced I was at your birthday last year
Thanks for following Ry!
em I'd love that. Miss you I can't stand the distance
Have some extra rime, America- what questions do you have for Your First Fish?
Mad Money video today is awesome for the real estate market. Subject:Tide Turns For Housing "Too expensive to rent."
ESL: UK vs Austria #sc2 Show match - News - United Kingdom - ESL - The eSports League esl
I'm in love with the new version Greyson did in Asia for HOTTN
will you also autograph digital versions? (tho i will also get a physical one)
TwSIG Meg Stuart Instructional Technologist. Great overview to
Powerful piece. Thanks for underlining it as an impt read.
lol I know. It was supposed to be funny. :/
Chi-Town stand up
God bless the driver that just walked in to my office😍 I honestly thing I just fell in love lmao
Hey it's BK, Alcatraz closed on this day 1963. Are you watching the new show about the famed prison?
I have been trying to figure out what our accent is like or where this accent comes from.
any amount will help us out greatly. You're such a doll ❤
twitter is a lil slice of reality,, CERTAIN people need to realize LIFE is a big slice of reality
omg that's awesome!!! I think ut Austin has a good program too, and I love that there are some so close to here!!
What's on the Pandora's Box pizza, and how do you make it? Paul cooks up a special treat at Extreme Pizza, this Sat (6/12/10) @ 5:30pm.
Watching Shark Tank from the beginning, Crazy! A guy wants $ to implant a blu tooth devices near peoples ears LOL.will he get the $ ?
A: demand for factoids & human interest stories about increased (Brian Eckert)
through chapter 9
haha I know, I'd love to see someone try to actually use one
Seriously...the pressure is on!
Not to be on a hip-hop rant every day, but #LittleBrother put out music that never gets stale to me. #GoodClothes is my all-time #1 by them.
can u hook me up with a couple rolls of toothpaste
How about Asian friends. LOL RT : Wishing a very Merry Christmas to my friends in Asia!
Hey everyone! Check out my site for updates on what I'm doing...sarahacconcia.com
I enjoy cuttin' up each night with Tom, the #281 bus driver.
haha it's cool. Unfortunately, we're running out of options. Industry wants people to ride 29ers. End of story.
I can think of worse things...although that depends on what you're having for dinner. ;-)
Let's sponsor a bill!
Taxes are done!
I got to listen to more of cassidy.
okay ill DM u
Whats good it's Mike Troutman from
hate comments.
Dear loud group of people that assemble every morning at Coffee Bean: enough
Last class in New York state!
one way ticket to hell.
<stretches> now THAT I what I call sleeping in!
The very last song on #DreamChasers2 and racked up shawty da best songs
Yesir. Do u know what Im talking about? It was from Answer the Question Jerk a few wks ago (same day Wassell gave date recap)
. is at #1525NewtonStNW serving up a hot lunch today. They're volunteer driven, you should check them out!
Ugh! Stupid book.
Three days left in spring break. :-| Back to work Monday.
aha mkay then x)
well there's not abs
Mets win. Rangers win. And my buddy on #MomCaves. (Whoa!) Great Saturday. And tmw juicy steaks with mom.
Monday...cleaner's trip. A must.
FRIDAY: Bealefeld retirement; plus Werdesheim verdicts, DNA & the police, w/ Prof. David Gray , noon-2 pm
The Decatur Book Fest beckons. Erudites, bookworms, artists, explorers, come one, come all! See you at our booth.
This night is going by so effing slow
If I didn't know anything about history, and just heard this music, I'd think the 30s and 40s were super-fun.
just got done eating lol
Awww how cute
Great Dio tune.....
thank you
"humanity i love you because when you're hard up you pawn your intelligence to buy a drink" - E.E. Cummings
our sportswear team did an incredible job on those!!!
Awesome Patrice! Congratulations to you both.
Listening to Elvis's "be my good luck charm".
RT they say Michael Jacksons lasts words were take me to the childrens hospital
is on a bitching-spree!
MT David Phelps got his 1st MLB win today as the Yankees beat the Orioles 8-5 :) ...<<Congrats...well deserved...!
WHAT!!!? girl wtf u waiting for!!? That shit is the best show on TV right now. It just had it's season finale too
pick up sticks and jamba juice 😍
Check our Facebook for a video of Joe from singing on our song "Jane" last night
the Beliebers we are like family to where you are in a time of tears and joys your uplifting us with just a smile thanks for everything
Jane & Nick!
'Xtina Is Our Naughty School Girl? LOL but we all know who the original naughty school girl right? #BritneyBitch!
oh no :( They do have gluten free and vegan options...
#MLB looking to ban drinking in clubhouses...Senators urging to ban smokeless tobacco in MLB?!? Seriously?!?
My girlfriend is hilarious . She is amazing
both are resting...
Check out Kay.Tunes www.iamkaytunes.com
can get from proquest diss db; if u want to read or borrow, happy to share this and more related material. closest library = me :)
got some soul trax wutz your email?
whats going on with my daughter
Life is like a camera. Focus only on what is important and you will capture it perfectly.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill
at this coffeeshop two pairs of men have the same haircut. One pair is friends the other just haircut dopplegangers
What about the reverse theory that if you lower working class's taxes, you can pay them less?
- check out with the full-court press! :D
he used to be a killer for the suns. He can play
I love dudes who can dance.
The first product Motorola started to develop was a record player for automobiles.
productsample Thanks for the follow!
": Yeah bra my quad gets gucci " oh no doubt.
Homeless shelters are busy this time of year. Don't add your family to their guest list when you cook the turkey on Thanksgiving.
In the words of jaxon maximas ''my girl ugly'' ''jasen you a girl, you pretty''
they been getting dumped on, someone had to make sure everything was alright
why don't you stay longer? Lol and BTW I would have def gone with you -___-
happy birthday and i wish u many more!:)
Web Training. Oh yea
thanks for the retweet!
Tired. Midterms starts next week. Yay??
forreal! She is just mad
I mean, who needs parody accounts when the real thing is a walking caricature anyway? This shit doesn't need a writer, it writes itself.
I enjoy watching homeowners talk about how they fight for space/time in their bathrooms. We have 1 bathroom & have never fought 4 a shower.
really shannon so imma bitch now smh i gotchu
It's official: you know you're back in-season when you hear the music on #MLSLive at halftime :-)
": Hello you do have a big booty?"
please please please, reply to this tweet, and yu will not have to reply to any of my tweets. "How do yu jump so high?????
hey guys 😚 I'm all for it 😏 Saturday?
offseason to do list... watch some of the 60 or so movies I have lying around on DVD unwatched. Currently 2 movies in... approx. 58 to go
Time to take dog out, then off 2 bed
Ref question on the origin of the cocktail, the "alabama slammer". Anyone have a fun story that they can share? Was it a UA thing? When?
I am on the fence on will he walk the walk - a big supporter I have been very disappointed in him. Real Change ?? We will see. If he helps
Ignorant ppl these dayz
I would LOVE LOVE LOVE to see 3oh!3 in concert.
I really am procrastinating the smallest things. #getonit L!
Since when is #McDonalds breakfast such a power struggle? I get there at 10:28am, the signs are still up and the lady was a total cow to me.
I'm just now going thru it essentially for the first time thanks to netflix instant. Been watching at least one a day.
The Scream sells for $119 MILLION DOLLARS. A painting. I hope it makes the buyer happy. Very happy. I'd be happy with a reproduction
oh my gosh you're too kind!! Seven hugs for you.
Get ready for another hot & steamy week, folks!
Sierra at Tahoe is so full...it closed off for the day1. Well, it was a nice drive.
I know with those people outside taking orders
I don;t know :-/ SUCKS!
um...have you heard of Clinton? Bush?
SECO International welcomes all attendees to SECO 2012. Don't forget to check in from your smartphone during your visit.
but if conservative values were pursued from the beginning we would not be having a problem, bush was no conservative
Next booth over, two teenage girls are talking religion - heaven, demons, being reborn, punishment, evil, and creation. Love the intensity!
Come my people & cheer. For the will punish the #LAGalaxy for their inequity. It will be the end of the world as they know it.
What is the most classic guitar model?
Congrats U 2 ! Enjoy the ride...awesome!
Lucky to be in DC to see the The Art of Video Games at American Art
I keep running "School Days" over and over again in my head
CAN U PLZ ADD ME ON FACEBOOK!!!! AND FOLLOW ME!!!!! PLZZZ :D
That's what we like to hear - the revelers having a good time! RT : Full House at the Xmas Show! Will be a blast!
i am blaming allergies
hey I just pet you, and this is crazy, where's the vets number, cause you have rabies
urgh they're making me mad! 😠
On one hand, I gain (undue) credibility from some just because I'm a male SLP.
"Intelligence plus character--that is the goal of true education." --Martin Luther King, Jr.
Craft.....that's my personal release.
I think baby cuddles are much better than pizza and sugar. and I will come out ahead on this deal. :)
Getting ready to watch friday dance break on fox 10
Creativity, not normality, has become the paradigm of mental health
Started hooping again I'm always hungry again 😭😭
So who's enjoying this gorgeous Maui day for the Hyundai tournament?
GIRLS:If you dont give him your undivine attention then dont expect to get his
<Flavor Flav voice> Wow. Floyd got off 3x as many HEAD SHOTS as Cotto did? Daaaayum!!!!
what channel ? :$
If you are living your life not giving a F, You are living a LI_E.
Are You Going Crazy? Maybe It&#39;s Just Menopause ...
Swoon time. Cloney just arrived. I think he's got a great shot for Best Actor. ----Michael
what can I say? I am helpful. I mean, you may be weird and asian, but you are still my friend.
I wish I was at the concert!
Halleluja : Thank you Jesus for helping me find my phone I lost on the beach!
It will be awesome
you acting like one! But have a good day, & tell your friends not to ride me soo hard!
Wow! Thank you!
there should be a good amount of people there.
lol yes haha totally xD but It's kinda weird hugging strangers.
We're at the Generous Helpings Patron Party
You may have one or both conditions for several years without noticing anything
Thanks bro. Let me know if you need tickets and we'll make it happen.
The Mayor is shutting down his comments. Madigan just walked out. Rahm: Thanks for leadership, allowing me to address.
If I posted "the cat's out of the bag" I bet people would think a big secret got out. But what if the cat really did get out of the bag?
Breakfast time, its breakfast time! Feed your body, feed your mind! Make your muscles big and strong. Keeps ya going all day long! :).
I honeslty LAUGH at niggas who THINK they have game.
Jesus christ dad. Shut the fuck up.
Catch me on club kiss tonight from midnight to 1am on 1035 kiss fm Chicago & 1035kissfm.com!
Kidnapping is such a strong word, I prefer to think of it as Surprise Adoption
RIP Junior Seau
You gotta love this technology.
Please excuse my hands..
We got a ring #new york giants. Makes even this cynical ny'ers heart melt. Go giants :)
what's that stylus you're using with the #iPad ?
Ah Monday! Come and enjoy a great happy hour from 4-6. .89 oysters and $6 martinis! Promise of no Packer Talk!
with for a cut from Always the best!
You NEED a hot VERSE for a CHICK? Help on your hook!!! NEW SONG COMPLETELY? WE TAKING OVA! #TeamTakeOVER She's a beast yall.. RT
various levels of relevance - systematic -> affective. how do we get beyond word matching?
GOD im finally online.I was sick these few days.Feeling better now.
i'd feel all akward :d lol
:) WOOT! Today it is MAKE, tomorrow it is SELL, Sunday it is REST.
thats the way to take care of business.
R.I.P. Russ Garcia
About to go see Transformers in 3D!! I'm excited!!! 
lmmfao!!! T i want to eat this joint so bad but im lookn at this clock like it's too late to be eatn this shizz
Dick in yo face put my dick yoooo face!
You don't watch soccer, Nick Janes
