damn! xbox360 GONE ipods GONE baby's first pair of diamond earrings GONE.smh cnt help errybdy cuz dey will getchu..hate a thief...
you should go to MCCSA! I go! it's soo fun there!
What genre are you interested in?
Time for bones!
The day starts out well: 1) Duke lost 2) Michigan lost
Thanks for the RT ! Praying your day is going wonderful!
Understand needs of other side
JAY-Ism #7 -"Remember that the hardest moments in life teach us the most about ourselves".
you're my first amendment hero of the day!
The last stole the sack. - German Proverb
Coaches, how many times have you seen a late game failed FT blockout that killed a comeback effort? Happens a lot...
i wanna do bad things with you!
Thank you! (:
the twins need to get their ass beat
RT if u want some #FF love
oh, fun! Just let me know when to show up :)
Ha indeed!
Great meeting you! And thanks for the 411 on baritones. Nice piece of trivia for my next dinner party! :)
Call now in request "dats my chick" leggo will jammit too
- we're back online, have you been able to download the album yet? If not please email us at
New relationship status: It's complicated w/
Morning! Another day! Another opportunity to get better! Mediocrity shouldn't be an option, Greatness is mandatory!!”
Had an awesome time Bravi dinner. Want to thank The Keilly's (JMK) for great bday dinner and St Patty's.
Thanks nope single
What would you like to see us take part in coming up? Please, reply back!
I know! there's no chance of my becoming a Body without Organs while grooving to this.
dont put on fronts for people if folks dont like yo fuck em. be your self and if they like you cool. and if they dont like you thats cool to
: You can't fight poverty with bake sales
no he was being modern and meeting people where they are. Bet if u looked @ audience there weren't many ties being worn.
Do you remember when people used those 'check' things?
It has been a month or two. I just posted about it on Facebook and suggested it to some friends. Keep up the great work!
Really? Hula hoops are no longer allowed on the mall? This reminds me of high school...
Arnold Schwarzenegger became a U.S. citizen on this day in 1983. Yeah, thanks.....
were do I know u from
That's true. There was! Ugh!
SNTV - Celeb Says What? Celebrities say the funniest things, especially when our cameras are around!
Seriously, how much bad t.v. can one person watch in one day? I am coming very close.
Slice of the Week BAY VIEW: ham, sweet peppers, and green onion! M!
my peaches from there also sucked, and I'm in Georgia!
Sometimes I clean out my freezer, climb in and pretend to be an eskimo.
#reasonsibeliebe : he is the most talented person i know(: cmon guys lets get #reasonsibeliebe to trend!
working the dance floor at the beach party...eye candy for days.
Always forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
The bottom of my laptop gets warm when it's turned on. Waiting for the Consumer Reports exposé.
Ron Paul fires up crowd in Maple Grove! He is proposing to cut one trillion in one year.
chilling...how you doing
How about Victorville? ;)
At work, just ate an old tuna sandwich, and a half of cookie (other half unknown) Why did I do that?
I won't tell nick because I have no idea what this means! ;)
nice piece on artist Ron Mirello in current issue of City Beat from your pals at SD Home/Garden
Slogan for the Lybians: Gaddafi must go! 40 year of hell is enough!
I am currently compiling a list of people I would definitely punch in the face. PayPal me $1 for your copy & ensure your peace of mind.
Can I just say how much I love my father? 😊
That is very tempting. Who wants to join me? :) RT : Sit on our patio today for lunch and we'll buy you a drink!
Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry. ~Gloria Steinem
Either Sam Hurd just bought a ton of cocaine and spread it all over Chicago...or it snowed.
Oh, yes. Who do we talk to about that? Is there a council? Some sort of tribunal? A nap panel?
hey girl hey. miss you :)
dont tell me wat to do
God raise up messengers, like Paul, who build a grid in the church for prayer without ceasing. 1 Thes 5:17
It's times like this (live tweeting) that I regret being a terrible typist.
: You are a visionary! I'd so be down with that!
sent em to u bro.
Could you PLEASE help get followers? Theyre hosting a benefit concert for charity soon and are new to twitter.
All right Rolen! We need some runs!
What do you call a relief pitcher who cannot hold a lead?... No Holds Bard.
Oh, I'd LOVE to give it attention. What's it feel like to be fucked by a pierced cock or do you take the piercing out?
just let us know! We'll make sure you have a great time!
haha yes sounds like a plann :)
take a picture!
finally a day without homework thank god
"Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart."- William Wadsworth I love this quote as I am a HUGE fan of journaling...
“On some real sshit, chase your dreams. They’re so fast… Just when you think you’re about to catch up, they slip away.” - Nicki Minaj
Happy Bastille Day and Vive la France. Creator of all things beautiful.
I'm giving finding a real job one last shot first
Congratulations to Erica and Gaby, whose MA presentations set a standard! Next slate is scheduled for May 8, 6:30, Library
love your blog-- those dogs put a smile on my face:)
N O
today is also my little cousins Birthday he is 2
As much as I love the walk-off wins, I'd prefer they stop blowing leads
See them always as open and thus the doors shall be. Johni Redd
why go narrow?
I don't get it. Why would someone look for a random opponent on WWF and then resign after my second move?
so great having you home!
We are closed today! We will be back at the cart tomorrow.
Spent two hours with the guitar, working on these Ramones songs for The Roxy Suicide. What a workout! Think I'll watch a kung fu movie now.
So tired of my mom forcing to go to church EVERY Sunday.
Let's make #HappyBirthdayToOurFirstLady a TT
Rihanna and Chris Brown? What a joke.
Fiori's off West Liberty is very good. Same family at Warehouse Cafe in Bethel Park. Excellent even reheated.
whats your favorite sport or football team?
I've watched #flashpoint ALL DAY & I love it
So ready for Friday! MAM After Dark: run up to the runway
Loca reuniting time soon? June 3rd 😍
I already knew this about you.
. equates Twitter to Spaceballs and somehow makes it work.
#Knicks and #Rangers win.
I'm too loyal and too focused to be losing and be hopeless
when ur downloading porn + it takes 4ever, yr connection sucks. when ur uploading your novel & it takes a min, you just have so much to say!
Time for church && the gym.
LAS PALMAS WITH MY FRIENDS
Tim to John: I'm gonna hogtie you like a lil... like a lil salad.
I'm not sure. He got it back from school but idk if his parents let him have it
still writing and finishing
Buy stuff at wholesale clubs. ie: tires are cheaper at wholesale clubs than at chain or dealer stores
Just learned a new dance.its called the
Oden and Roy got hurt
Mythbusters just confirmed that doesn't f around on 376...was that a g6 or a spaceship
We should have had her come and document Web Slam this weekend.
there are just so many things to do at Tokyo!!
Is Will Ferrell going somewhere or am I missing something?
I JUST LEARNED CHASING THE SUN ON THE PIANO!!! 😄
What Does It Mean to Sell? Ask the U.S. Supreme Court - Huge implications for the pharmaceutical industry
been great fam. How bout you bro?
Imma Hit You Like A Ton Of Bricks No Renovation !!
Museums: what precautionary steps are you taking to prevent damage caused by Hurricane Irene?
#GOP DUCKING&HIDING from REAL JOURNALISTS b/c is AFRAID 2 tell America he 'stole' MILLION$ from Amer workrs&hid it n $wi$$ acnt$
I hope none of my friends get John Mayer tickets
#xeroxdrupa Less than 30 mins until the next special performance by du Soleil in hall 8b - Join us, you deserve a break
ha!... No need to be mean?
do you know who mikaylas best friends are at ICON?? :) and dont say everyone lol xD
Nothing is more beautiful than a smile that has struggled through tears.
Goin In Tonight w/ at
Hi everyone!
So sad!
On my last day of school is when I have the most exams to take.
Be kinder than necessary, live simply, Love generously, Care deeply, Speak kindly. Happy Holidays. May all u r wishes come true!!!
Amazing how words change - like "REFRESH" - now it is F5 on your keyboard instead of being re-energized for the day - I need my own F5 key
sweet dreams everyone :)
Today is 11/11/11 Happy Veterans Day. There's snow on the ground here whilst my hubby enjoys sunshine in Hawaii. Maybe shoulda gone w him!
I know... no need to go gorilla on me.
I feel some teens take their relationships WAY to seriously like i get the whole "in love" deal trust me i do
Homemade Kofta Kabobs by transferred into my homemade chicken noodle soup. Pretty decent trip to
i want P!atd tix from
Hey bro I sent you a couple e mails
It seems so anti-climatic to finally watch The Help since it took Netflix 6 months to send it my way.
:'( I miss you too cuzzo. I miss all of you guys :/
I have almost $100 to spend in LA :)
Get ready. Tomorrow is going to be a great day! A lovely #toptional day.
im the same way i cant sleep until the dishes are cleaned n clothes are put away..
DJ BANDIT 7 p.m. to Midnight. You will get a wide range of reggae tunes. log on to E2onair NY #1 - A REGGAE STATION MAKING A DIFFERENCE.
Everyone best be on their way to the beer garden.
when I am in search for new musics a couple of my first stops are and
Hating everything is overrated.
Watching in 13 Ghosts! Loves that movie!!!
Happy Birthday! Have a beautiful day! :)
The real decision is to levy the tax and issue bonds. Once bonds are issued, city can't turn back.
« So every body going to the zoo...»
What? Where!?
Gotye is jammed!!
are u coming to class?
I feel really old watching HNJ volleyball. It's legit been 7 years since I've played on this court.
Performed Ave Maria at grandparents 60th wedding anniversary. Became a Godmother and watched my grandparents renew their vows. Very moving!!
Hang in there!
of course!
I know it is a drive, but I have an opening on Saturday at 1:15pm (I'll pass along the living social deal to you) no joke!
My stupid DSi is dying (As in breaking) & I asked my mom for an Ipod touch & she said no. I hate being so stinkin poor!
YOU WON!
Sutra Lounge welcomes guest bartender Lauren Golay and DJ Kidd tonight for Sindustry Wednesdays, $7 You-Call-Its, and Penny 'Til You Pee!
25% of American kids under 6 are raised by at least one foreign born American. - Census via
I'm really excited! And that was mile 1, still had enough in me to run 2 more after!! Walked a little & still had 13:12 ave pace.
I know it sucks it really is a great show, it's all good tho it's like the last show I watch on network tv. Cable is better
“: Why waste your time you know you gonna be mine, you know you gonna be mine.”
Talkin bout practice! Not the game! Practice!
honestly what the fuck a test on the whole world tomorrow meanwhile i'm taking ap european history
60% of the time it works all the time.
When will I learn to wait the 2 seconds necessary before entering my conference call password?
Choreographing a "Go Away Rain" Dance Native American Style. Anyone is welcome to join in
Today in my music class My Name Is came on❤
i really didn't like april one bit. thank goodness may isn't being as harsh.
they come and go, at the end of the day we continue doing interviews! Lol! (insider)
Come see us for breakfast tomorrow... we open at 9 a.m!
It's okay. I've worn Depends since I was 23. You know, just in case.
I hate ants. Passionately.
Theory via is he went full-on A Scanner Darkly
thanks for the follow glad I met you
Beer, Burlesque, and Babe (the blue ox) party tonight at the Minnesota History Center! Woo!
This is a quiet study lab SHUT THE FUCK UP
Happy Easter to You too! It's been Beautiful!
Perhaps a few of our female officers did that today, but we haven't heard anything about it. RT : checked out chicks at UNM?
HAPPY GET SOME PIE DAY!
When learning theories interfere with each other, deeper learning occurs - D. Gibson's simSchool
Having a bad day? Follow his tweets will keep you laughing and wondering. Anticipating his next tweet? Follow Now! RT
Just braved #MillerMothInfestation2012 to see #SuperMoon! Too bad I can't have a margarita to celebrate w &
The forecast has shown rain, but so far it's been bright and sunny! Hurry up and get here!
All my nightmares escaped my head
Had a great weekend, made lots of connections, ate a lot, found some great items and had a ton of fun!
Yes! This mess is crazy
Time to get textual with tonight! We got our weekend stud hangin' too! 6-9-8-2-2 on your celly!
You're killin' me Smalls.
What's BA's twitter handle???? Guy is a trip!
As a player, the hardest part about season is that you have to live w/ what areas of your game you did or didn't improve during the summer.
Problem is, those investors only want to invest after Sundance. I'm doing something less glamorous - simple TV deals.
I like Lady Gaga, very creative, haha. :)
Umph... My local news anchor
RT : The beauty of failure is that it backs you into a corner and forces you to learn a valuable lesson that you......
I second this: “: another idea - City North? Lots of vacant space currently.”
is tweeting.. not going to ask... see ya
awww, well at least you always figure out a way to fix it. Keep double sided tape handy too..or duct tape! Lol
Why does every new band I check out sound like U2? What the hell is going on?
Follow on #Facebook, thanks!!! We are a private postsecondary school for Latinos/Hispanics... gracias!
Working with brians the best. He's real slow
Improved lung-cancer screening by combining blood test with CT imaging
Why Brands Need to Stay ‘On’ in a Digital World bit.ly/nXFGaY (via )
Tired. then vegas
GRAD SCHOOL in the fall!!
For real. Also, ppl are stepping forth as fans. I'm hosting a watch party for the PPV at the end of the month. You in???
I love
Glenn Beck told you these Protest where comming, why don't you give him that much,at least he has the whole picture 4 u 2 see.
lol (: I know I'm getting all these replays -__-
Margaret Mitchell
I am not above drinking caffeine past 7.
I left aside my #Kindle after using text-to-speech to proofread. 15 mins later it went on power save saying "Screensaver."
A Smile creates another Smile. A Smile is the first step for Humor to be possible" --Alex Port
is the 30 day number accurate?
thank u 4 the encouraging words & song. It was lovely. I hope to continue my studies as long as I can. How r u doing these days?
#sxsw is beautiful thing. Sleep well friend!
And I'll go back to sleep and wake back up around noon...like clockwork
so was it any good? WT EDITOR SARA is/was #reading The Bell Jar by Sylvia Plath, about "depression & such. how emo do I sound?"
hahaha exactly! I should put a sticker on my car saying I think we should castrate arrogant morons like him! :)
idk. I want to do something. But i have contact aptmnt tomorrow at 12
Feeling super productive today!
finally found a McDonald's with shammy shakes
Group project - A project in which you are forced to do all of the work of the lazy students that the professor decided to group you with.
If you haven't done so, give a look-see. www.thewritelifeshow.com
yes it is lol
Thank you for the follow! We watched a couple of pie sessions, so jealous. WANT TO BE IN VAN
Last Night and Tonight Attended Two Opening Receptions for the World Reknown Art Basel Art Fairs- BaseTents and Arts for Better World @ SOHO
Mike Leigh's latest film, Another Year, is profound and heartbreaking. My favorite film this year and my favorite film of his.
just saw your tweet from forever ago- thanks! I'll check it out!
So True! RT : #Libra is easily hurt but recovers quickly.
Andre 3000 features are ridiculous
Is It True Peace Died....
Newsroom Blog | Kris Allen Talks New Music, Shares 'American Idol' Secrets
Amen RT : Thoughts n prayers go out to the Navy Seals. True heroes
Another #Drupal multi-lingual site gotcha learned: make sure to auto transliterate words with accents in URL paths.
I will make sure the folks of San Francisco will be happy to live here ,and that includes the 12,000 homeless
We love Actors!
Lmao Gabby is crazy!!!
listened 2 your pod, SP who yet 2 break out/ good value 4 Royals n future, H. Bailey, Morrow, Nolasco, Bedard come to mind
Fashionably late?
I miss my boy he has been coming in 2nd to school and that will change tomorrow!!
'Okay Stephen, so there's four downs, and they have to get ten yards...'
Unless you're getting paid to promote their name, or are a model, don't wear name brands outside your gear.
Now following u back....
Thank you. You too!
I have something for you guy. Pancakes? no. waffles? no. mcdonalds? no. go away. its not food. goo awaayyy
At the parks mall chilling
Merry Christmas! My daily prayer for you = a Life of Heaven-On-Earth: Perfect Health+Protection+Prosperity+Happiness+Companionship! Love You
5 years- $110 million for Matt Cain, what? Wow, Hamels and Lincecum owe you a big thank you. They will get bigger deals.
western half of US
Knew something was wrong with that chick. She just wanted a baby. I am NOT the one.
Got new highlights
hahha she was my inspiration for sure.
I am the curator of my mind.
Wish it was on Saturday..... but Happy National Picnic Day! What's your favorite picnic foods?
Stop texting me
I just followed on here. I'm hungry.
Never tried Greek yogurt - is it sour?
Not sure about this one, actually. He seems to have wings. Maybe he was designed by the gods themselves to be shirtless?
ha my bad
Good luck John.
AGREED HONEY BOO BOO CHILD!!!
AW!!!!! TWITCAM'S HAVING TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES AND I CAN'T WATCH THE LIVE CHAT NOWW!! :( Can anyone please give me a shoutout to her??
lmao they always pick the one that everyone else hates and say "i see a diff him/her" till the wedding is canceled
is proud of Dead Parrots Society who won CIF's College Improv Tournament last night Fantastic performances across the board.
#HockeyMeans a rough, tough, rock em, sock em, action sport for (us) hard-working middle class people. Never a dull moment in hockey!
That awkward moment when and i are the only kids in student council who aren't going to prom.... Good thing we're juniors not ...
This is one of many examples to Austin to realize how much we love him :}.
providing more ear-gasms than a box of Q-tips
my blog
“: lmao seriously? you're late” fuck u and ur itunes
we are now rollin' w/Google Analytics REAL TIME (beta) for all of our sites. awesomeness.
Well yes. RT David Beckham is a good looking man.
Not Your Average Luxury Home For Sale In Rockwall - double sink vanities
Congrats! RT : ...Closed a deal with TACA Airlines. Will be making 4 trips to Chile...producing a conference in Santiago 2013!
Fuck mark cuban
. I have long been a fan of Elena, thanks to ! So happy you featured her, her style is so effortlessly chic!
Ok Redskins, let's not be stupid for the next 3 days.
#personalFowl roughing the turkey, 15 yard penalty, re-eat first round.
I would make a great incubus
I had a Dark Chololate w/ Bacon...insanely good!!!“:
In other news, apparently Anonymous made good on their threat to blow up Facebook. Or maybe I'm just being locked out because I'm a git.
lool okay, I'l figure something out! Let me know. I miss Disney World!
On that note it seems that I have some pretty amazing friends that actually care about me enough to try and comfort me :)
Retainer, old man shoes, and shorts that make me look like I have a really bad camel toe. Let's go school.
my legs hurt, my personal trainer kicked my butt last night at the gym
"Game of Thrones" RT : best title sequence ever? domestic or foreign. tv or film. go.
Jay, get off the computer, the 2012 national champs are playing right behind you
bhahahahaha so many lolz WHAT A HOOKER!!!!
back from #nyigf and all i can think about is #nss. great to see everyone and looking forward to may!
The Guardian: "Few things sum up the pre-recession madness [like an under-21-y/o] footballer paid £5m for three volumes of autobiography"
OPENING DAY! #Mets vs #Braves at Citi Field. 1:10 PM 1st Pitch Temp: 53. Sunny sky. Have the sunglasses and spring jackets. Let's Go Mets!
fruit ninja = me addicted
lol idk cause some shows are scripted but it looks like it's gonna be good either way
aint u dat girl off da taco bell commercial?
So excited to go to Lambeau tomorrow and see the W in person! Go pack go!
As soon as I go home, I'm hitting up BDUBZ
COME HOME
gay marriage in Maryland, soon
The rumors are true! We'll be there in September!
These high school confessions? Omg.
Y'all so bada** you're making up new concepts. Everybody get their #BalletTime on!
not quite. The core cost on a 4L60E is $350, so that is what is charged if a customer is unable to return that core.
HAHAHAHA i love this woman.
Take my advice if you're rocking a Quasimodo look like me don't use the 360 camera online, you're just asking for trouble.
2morrow 3/22 we will be serving in Berry Hill on Bransford & W Iris fm 11-130.Come on by and see us!
RT : starts in 15 minutes!! Don't miss it.
well see if I'm about that life tonight?! I want to go see that new movie with my wife Ms. Good!!!
Some days there's just not enough coffee...
bb cream can be worn alone as it will even out skin, reduce the appearance of pores etc or as a primer under foundation
I love how tiny my grandma is small dainty thing ^.^
S/O to my new follower
Having flashbacks from the trip with my brother several months ago! We shall see how tomorrow goes!
At the end of our lives ... we all ask, �Did I live? Did I love? Did I matter?�
i dont wanna just tell me
Hanging in there in on #Friday the 13th
#BeforeIGetMarried you cannot be borderline a 'pretty good cook"...either Know or learn
Found few A drive discs, too. They're even funnier looking than the older floppies.
I was a beverly fan RT : and Last year I was a Vicki and Beverly fan.
I'm gon need a son asap lol
Only if she can pour whiskey on you! RT : - Can I have the stool next to ?
I NEED AN A&R
this saturday at
Agreed. But I like comparing them at all. Perhaps a Lincoln/Vampire Hunter-style mashup is in order
Hmm. Maybe I do need to check myself before I wreck myself. Hehe.
don’t have too many of the same thing accent elements in a room, like a wood stain or an accent color
Apropos of Nothing :: 'Statler & Waldorf' are the names of both ornery balcony hecklers from original 'Muppet Show'... lp
Yes! And coincidentally I'm now drinking Honig Sauv Blanc with a Thai salad at J. Alexander's in Chicago. A great summer sip
You are a little girl Betty.
Eat your heart out Thierry Henry on that goal by Darlington Nagbe. Timbers rewarded for making him the No. 10. Great finish. Class.
started with wes helms
#TeamBlake all the way!!!!!
so yesterday during a sesh i dropped the blunt and the cherry of it fell on my chair so wen i put my leg down i burned a whole in my leg FML
Launched in 1977, Voyager 1 is a mere 16 light HOURS from earth.Nearest star Alpha Centauri A is 4.37 light YEARS from earth.Cosmos is HUGE!
Got to love PR professionals convos on ethics! Topic: "Added value"
: Sending u a big welcome to Twitter Ewan. You are the sweetest guy & inspire me & others with your charity work.
On International Volunteer Day, we thank all of our wonderful volunteers! You are terrific partners in the CRJ mission.
I'm bout to throw some Purell on this bitch ass........it stank
Cool! I've been great/tired...poundin' out these edits cos I got a full request on my unicorn story! Due in on 6/1. :o)
if anyone can tell.. i'm trying to follow back all the simpsonizers following me :p its taking quite a while, but ill get to you.
NF MIGHT SEE YA THERE TONITE
We are doing it again this year!!! Booking ticket soon. Save me a spot on the boat
RT if you are a leo
I am so tired of being taken for granted. :-(
you're that dude brotha.
well stand up then aha :D
Hell yeah bro. You still at work?
Hi Bill, received your book today via EO, thanks so much! Can't wait to dive in. Looks promising. Congrats.
Thanks for following!- , , ,
Got like five minutes into the first episode of Bored To Death, decided Ted Danson smoking weed was too weird for me.
just a heads up you two are sending out some spam.
aw, how are you ?
Social media: not a sales tool, a quick fix, a news feed, or a fast friend.
Thanks Have a great day at Destination ImagiNation tournaments!
Unwrapped a whole bunch of tech gadgets at work today--Mac Book Pros, netbooks, portable dvd players, headphones, etc.
Just shot an entire performance by with a polarizer on and didn't even realize it. Must say the #MkIII is an amazing camera.
When no one text you back
OH: In the 1940's and 50's people would fight ALL THE TIME. They didn't talk about their feelings first, they brawled then talked.
Repost away, friend! We'd be honored
follow back?(:
Are you coming to First Friday? Stop by and support one of our fav causes. Open bar, snow and a fab DJ. Plus, fabulous company!
Glad it's not too often - thanks for getting the word out!
It's like they sat around a table, passed around the bong and tried to ANALYZE while being high!!!
Did you know that we're open until 7pm? Stop down some evening after work.
Holy crap... Anthony Bennett just committed to #UNLV This weekend just gets better and better!
Props to for winning The Voice!!!
It's bad when a straight club has better music than a gay one...ridic!
have you lost your mind?! :)
I will be there in an hour.
“: Big East just extended an invite to the Sorbonne.”
So Gnex is that much of a game changer?
We're working on it as fast as we can!! Thanks for the feedback!
Only one good fountain in the whole school near the garbage
I sent ya another one
Glad I decided not to go to the #Pirates game tonight. Only thing worse than the Pirates would be watching them in cold rain.
agreed was a pleasure meeting you. :-)
first game Jc has ever won.
My hummingbirds are out today :)
Everone I left asap and I'm now at sub focus middle far left...one
please tell me he went yard?
not lying you are the liar
Honestly I really don't think black girls need to wear make up. And that's the #NaturalTruth Ruth. ✌
You will enjoy it!
Thanks, Jeremy! Glad you enjoyed it! great presentation at umbc! Definitely feel more prepared for secondary education.
Did not have the goggles in the preview. But now I hope one of the other contestants pokes him in the eyes.
#nce11 teaching is not a revolving door for bright amateurs
Awesome "Local Boys" reference during the beaver game.
HELLO INDIANAPOLIS
I'm thinking I need a blackberry next upgrade
On my way to work -___- I would be soo much happier if I loved my job, thats why I will continue to pursue Modeling I love Modeling! :)
": Right about now..." The funk show brother right about now
lol I got "Kelly is made of honey, Instrumental, and mistrusting. With a dash of fanfiction." #RANDOM :D
After finally watching THE ROOM, I'm a little baffled. Yes, it's hilariously terrible, but I've seen much worse. Why so much of fan base?
RT : The only reason I watch boxing is in hopes that a hockey game breaks out.
#Teamfollowback Don't forget to mention Twitter or FB & receive 15% off your purchase(excludes tobacco products, herbal incense & Kratom)
got a call this morning at 5AM from Syria or at least that is what the 963 country code was. Would not have answered regardless of the time.
Doesn't everybody start on the Beatles, Zeppelin, Stones, Hendrix and Sabbath highway?
What r u doing... Where u What's ur plans for ltr...
I'm coming back there to lay down. And put my feet all over y'all
thank you. You too.
2012 will be a great year. Why? I graduate with my masters and get to go to Europe for five weeks.
I think is one of the best friends on twitter. She's been through so much in life. Yet she keeps her head up. I love her.
OMG HAHAGAHAHAH that is brilliant
not gonna lie. I take pride in finding trends before everyone else does. :)
wow... Stealing that one.
Talking mom into letting me get my septum done, yeeeaaah.
I'm done with the first year. Three more to go!
no science fair- but u could bring it back- if u let them be rebels:)
Wow #SKYSCAPER has moved up in iTunes so fast! Love the song!!!
I saw that story today. Congrats on the great honor for the Angus clan.
met with two members of Congress yesterday regarding our event inside the Capitol with DC foster youth.. New date will be confirmed today!
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by our standing in our own sunshine. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
You're welcome; we've been having more outages — the log shows cyberattacks. China, Arab world, Indonesia, Brazil — the usuals.
i don't care what anyone says, KG is the man. i love his intensity.
If you wanna build your love up, put your hate down.
Happy Friday!
Hope you had fun judging this week with the MAO!
maybe we'll run into you this time!
Thanks for everything!
Make sure you kiss your mommy and daddy today and tell them how much you love them!
I'm trying to do body shots at this rave
you forgot to remind me to give you my JB posters
didn't they kind of do that with meridien? If I remember right you couldn't use any of your old abvb media.
I'm readin a book on how to get rich...
TK: In Houston, if you plant a "Y" tree, it will grow!
I've supported Sarah Palin, Hank Williams Jr, the Dredded Packers & the most liberal state around all in the same week. A bit too much? :-)
What is your email?
11 hairs to tie and the Marilyn Monroe will will be done! /celebrate
Official Summer Jam 2012 Cypher (happening ON STAGE AT THE EVENT) will be sponsored by yours truly. Stay tuned for more details.
whats going on tonight bro
We love you.
Took every drop of energy to NOT punch this raver with a kony sticker yelling on the streetcar
My iPhone autocorrected bachmann to 'Bach annoying'...just saying.
Conspiring with and Hahaha.
sent the remix! did you get it??
aw hell
a lot of 1D fans have said that
this mufu*ka got all the time in the world to talk to everybody but me...fu*k ya!!!
Those are some hot shelves! Now fill them with hot typography and design books!
Trippin off my nigga and we on that good life
true. When yo black ass coming back
great review! Thanks, hadn't thought about that movie in awhile.. missed any biblical themes, enjoyed the breakdown
I don't know why I didn't choose to get a bdubs or a qdoba gift card
Which is better at describing a community of kids, parents and elders: "intergenerational" or "multigenerational?"
Followingback “ Follow back :D”
so wimpy I did not go to Billy Goat-how many did you fit in Tavern?
Day one house and dog sitting... Set off the alarm when you arrive and spill a bottle of corn syrup on the floor.
I just realized that I would much rather buy a new MAC desktop than a car.
hahah but you're blonde!
Sending you good thoughts on finishing one of them!
Your past does not determine your future. Keep going - God has a plan for you. ~ Dr. Tony Evans
QUESTION!!!! CAN NON MEMBERS BUY PUFFLE HATS???
A Racine alderman is accused of choking & striking a pregnant woman. I'll have more on the story on Ten at Ten.
I wonder how many will fall in the wake of the Great Pujols Drought
C'mon Crew ! This is the game we've been waiting for 29 years
And you think I'm dumb. RT : Oh not that Phil Simms
Those who cannot forgive others break the bridge over which they themselves must pass. -Confucius RT
Looks like we are playing "they might not be" Giants next weekend. I am really going to enjoy sending them home in despair. Go PACK!
especially when we're in the field with no bathrooms, or showers !
Many people die with their music still in them
Andrew, your site is such an awesome reference point for blogs
Mark Quigley w/excerpt from evangelical Lutheran church of America features boy on path to serial killer
i want some chocolate covered strawberries, y'all.
There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met. - William Butler Yeats
-_- Not Now
Help your team understand the "why" so they can help you with "how."
BIEBER FEVER is around my whole class the girls all singin baby&somebody 2 love at de same time gotta join in (I love u justin)
K, imma talk to you soon :) i will miss you? hahaha mwah!
Equinox, NY State Department Of Labor Unemployment Insurance Division, & NYS Division of Employment & Workforce Solutions...
not anymore.
Awesome news, Andy!
Yes! I worked with for years. They are awesome. I'll send you contact info...
Sorry, Thong Number
well, what if I took off the shirt?
Can't get Katy perrys firework out of my head.
I need for the other grown person in my house to understand he is just that GROWN!
Ikr, its kinda late anyway…so I guess I will write an post! ;)
Happy Friday! What are you up to this weekend?
FUCKING THANK YOU. Finally someone that actually knows what they're talking about when it comes to the Avengers.
they know it Rob, "just way too much work to handle vital affairs"! #stop being dumb
I'm trying hard not to see me when I am sleeping.
LMAO that shit so sad, bruh. They play with yo' emotions, man
Don't let other people stop you from going after your dreams! Even if you live them.
Had the pleasure of a conversation with the delightful this morning. Thanks for the intro!
NBA is back baby!
Yeah, it was actually a legitimate question, but said it was because Tonto wasn't a Ranger. Makes sense
You are wassup, Florence!
YEP! & I'll b very clear again, I'm NOT refer'g 2 all Christians, only them that use it 2 hurt others, lest II b falsely accused:/
Holy Shit almost set the WHOLE house on fire.......maybe they won't notice
"There is always a certain peace in being what one is, in being that completely." - Ugo Betti
#20ThingsAboutMe; 15. It really annoys me when people can't tell I'm being sarcastic.
I agree with Jordan & Jeff #bb13 Big Brother is not the Rachel Show
If you don't see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner-- Zig Ziglar
oh man I bet, but I'm sure she forgot about it instantly and knew u were just trying to take care of her
Thank you!
Fletcher "Heatley's been a star for us. Dany's scored a lot of big goals for us and been strong defensively. "
oh no =( im sorry hm what type of work are you interested in?
where I wanna be by donelle jones
Today in Blues History: Nov 4, 1991, Bobby "Blue" Bland inducted into Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
just dedicated "The Bloodiest Gum" to all the #TinyGiants in the room!
thanks me too!
Turn of the Screwdriver
way to go dbacks
Who on twitter lives near buffalo?
“: (615): Remember how I haven't seen my step sister in like 7 years? Pretty sure I just made out with her...”. Wtf???
Will we be seeing you tonight at our Fall Meetup?
Great show tonight!
sleep. tomorrow's my last day of school for the week since im going to ny again this friday.
Every once in a while, when bored, you just start plucking freakishly long eyebrow hairs, right? Back me up here people!
This Chicago vs 76rs Gm 4 is tight right now !!!
I miss you. Nah I'm just being sarcastic. I can drink beer without you monitoring me. Sincerely, Boyfriend
Modernist Journals Project now on Twitter!
Young angels if hate us tell us burn in heaven. (:
I was born in Bamf to be honest. But they exported me because I was to big of a Bamf
Remember when Leighton Meester was a singer?
“: lol. WHA!? Dude next to me has a small dog inna bag at the conference. #ICSF” should bring the dog up on stage
“I never expect to lose. Even when I’m the underdog, I still prepare a victory speech.” - H. Jackson Browne
Superior Plus Corp. Announces 2012 First Quarter Results and an Expansion of Its Hydrochloric Acid Capacity
Great sentiment!
Music causing an out of body experience right now. :P
Nice to meet you!
Spencer:"How's school?" Sam:"I don't remember or care.". lol
Yesterday was a great day with friends. Today is time to enjoy the weather.
<3 thank you!
#ff she's consistently funny and usually inappropriate
Thanks! Kudos go to for that.
The power of God can be conducted through cloth and handkerchiefs, but God prefers to use people like you and me.
I'm askin if you know what bills I have that are still going to your moms house so I can change my address for them.
hahaha I wish! lol I need to find the rest of the season (:
I am a experience home remodeling contractor working with great kitchen designer.
Do you overshop to project an image of wealth and power? Learn how to stop: www.stoppingovershopping.com
Fascinating (not unexpected though) that just about every single week of my college security degree, ethics enters the picture.
Batch edit is something I very much hope we can include in v3; that's the current goal. I think tones should be "bring your own"
Google homepage is quite good fun today, if you fancy a strum :).
Psst, do it by next week & you'll get a sweet window cling & maybe win football tix!
I can't stand myself at all.
Free shipping for gift shop orders now through September 23rd
YOUNG PHAT 4 PRESIDENT MIXTAPE COMIN SOON!!! CHECK OUT THE NEW SINGLE "GETTIN IT" ON YOUTUBE!!! MIGHTY MPIYA BUSINESS!!!
:Not most used terms 2 identify thmslvs, but Hispanic or Latino been used @ some point by all respondents-Pew Natl Survey Latinos
I love that style, where was it found, hand done or font family?
tell Chris McCarrell I say hiya. I love Bloody Bloody Old Hickory
Thanks for the follow! There...may....be a keg...in the gahhrahhge
I completely agree with you Adam.Rad and Kost. need to be taught a lesson about TEAM for all players to come.Rad was overhyped.
break beat RnB is my favorite
For I know the plans I have for u, declares the LORD, plans to prosper u & not to harm u, plans to give u hope & a future. - Jeremiah 29:11
Tplush with a huge steal! Let's see another walk off W tonight
i wish i could sleep. tomorrows gonna be GARBAGE
Free show tonite at Blue Nile in Nola!! Zero Dialect and Xdefinition!
7am yoga tomorrow. if i post it on twitter i have to go...
we talked about wat?? :o but sorry dude ://
I need a partner, what's Steve up to these days, he'd look great in a cycling hat walking around the store.
playing in 3 musicals this month...one down, two more to go. so excited!
: new track out by Orbital... First one in a while? I'm into it.
#followalibrarian: 'cause it's a non-profit working to get eContent into libraries!
I'm surprised you didn't say "wow really wow" =p
Very excited to head to #fye2012 in San Antonio tomorrow--any advice for a first-timer?
So excited!!
This is super exciting! I highly recommend Star Cast Auditions for aspiring actors! They're awesome! :)
atleast your heads not popping out..! lol
Starting Ken Burns' Civil War 5-DVD set right now!
Aging in America: Seniors start feeling a loss of self worth & don't want to be a burden. #linkAges aims to find solutions for this
Tavist Smiley and Cornell West /Frick and Frack have had it out for the POTUS since he won off.
Check out Google's homepage today. It is really cool!!!
- Haha. Yeah I just don't like it very much. I never saw anything special with it.
haha did Krista hijack your account?
Amazing how far and fast broadband and wireless technology has developed since 1996 Telecom Act passed. I worked on 1st spectrum auctions.
One of my original text posts on Tumblr has 3 notes. I feel Tumblr famous xD
The love that we're making is so amazing
Apparently we have offended these officials.
love the new web site! It's hot!!!
Glad you enjoyed it!!
Keep it short. Buddy Media showed that posts with 80 characters or less received 27% more engagement.
Goodnight Alex<3
Am I the only one that hates hipster tumblrs?
Bealefeld: 50% arrested for murder, 50% arrested for shootings, 65% arrested for armed robbery have prior gun charges.
I miss tweeting here. Waah. But I found the password, so you know. Things are good.
There are three signs of old age: loss of memory ... I forget the other two. ~ Red Skelton
RT : The moon is as full and bright as a new dollar. Get out to your lodge meetings, brethren, and Ride that Goat! OH1888
And tonight I'm on the brown like Bobby is
My pastel drawing looks pretty dang good so far! Lolz
OMG ! Guys ! Thank you for support ! And if someone need my help ! Just You can tell me Guys !
Hey ! I've been good, just keeping busy. How about you? Are you still at McNally?
what does Kentucky have to do with it?
Just when I thought this work week couldn't get better...it now will involve and some tater tots before it ends.
That's actually oddly comforting! I feel like my brain has been checked out for weeks, but it's time to reengage.
In '09 nearly 80% of people with disabilities were unemployed
I see little upside to this era of "news & analysis." The adversarial set-up, obvious sophistry, ignorance of the talking heads.
I'd way rather still be in bed watching cartoons & eating breakfast with over working this stupid job
Is even old enough to drink here yet? ;)
#ireallywant to be tan.
Preparing simple, easy #snacks for the week on sunday helps. This week =hummua & carrots, string cheese & apples. Next week crackers &cheese
Excellent movie...Well Done! Go Red Tails!
"ain't no rest for the wicked..."
Praying about what I really WANT to do in life. The more I pray, the more I realize it's whatever God has for me.
he annoyed me on charmed
The first rule of fight club, is you don't talk about fight club.
yeah right!
I think they lose too...but by 5. I kind of wish nobody would pick them
the education connection commercials are the most annoying commercials on TV hands down.
My phone battery can last longer than most relationships these days
Sanjay Joshi: map of location of historic to present Seattle genomics players; a small community
"I wanna touch the earth,I wanna brake it in my hands"-cowboy take me away<3
I hate when people do or see or even hear things and they act like its brand new but actually it be old as hell #extraLate lol
summary appointment from all the tests tomorrow. Hoping for some answers!
| We'll keep our eyes peeled.
vagina busters
Quality haircuts even when your budget sucks
Hectic and busy day. Loving it!
Explosions in the sky
Don't let some good pass u by
thanks Jessica!
gotta feeling my party finna be live
It's offically saturday... I get to see the most awesome person that lives on earth in about 9 hours! #cantwait #causewereinlove :)
Cuddling up in bed ASAP.. Thinking about my love :) sweet dreams twitter folk..
Brother called to tell me about MCA & we swapped Beastie tales. Like he said, it feels all wrong Adam Yauch is gone. RIP & thanks.
Full house for the game at Whiskey Tango!! Fun night with the game and the unplugged show later!
thanks Joseph! :))
! Just what the end of Monday demands.
I feel you. When time change, so do a few friendships.
my guy Deion looking Klean in the avi now that's swagg
I love that takes time to tweet her peeps(;
We are still on track for highs in the 80s and sunshine this coming weekend! How will you enjoy it?
Thanks for the #FF love Have a lovely weekend!
Lol my moms mean, she told my cousin to take me back to Virginia with her and bring me back when summer's over with 😂
Using my tweets from et al.'s #Latour panel from #4C12 to cite them... hm... how to reference...
Xmas Tweets: Dad just notified my wife that she has a white spot on her left cheek (the inappropriate one).
First person to tweet 2 breweries participating in this year's Beer Lovers Fest wins a 4-pack of opening day Summerfest tix!
mitt romney would cut all safety net programs that help people who lost their jobs & homes during the bush fiasco & use Same FAILED policies
I want a mcchicken add bacon n cheese light mayo!
lol I just noticed n I was like wtf? lol and im go lame n do ma hw :/ I got sick yesterday I had a fever :/ so
Waking up at 5 am for sticktime. Here we go.
and sometimes it really really sucks why you going threw it
RT 6am coffee,cookie , shake,gonna be a perfect Fit Kit day. Brother. HH
where are you all going
if u follow me I'll die.. much love<33
I want to learn French
9:30am and already pumped for my steamy night with at
where you guys staying at ?
i have a new phone! DM me your number!
"Social Media is the new neighborhood."
;) that's another Smiths quote from the song Panic - Hang The Blessed DJ!!!!!
where r u going to watch it
news was already out there. Easy to find. Google it.
I is sorry that I had I clean my room 😨
New goal in life, now that Jim Bob and I have both moved to KC, I need to become his wingman. Someone find me a Facebook page or a phone #
Rocky I is a great movie
Here I am
good, I'm coming swimming
this is gonnas be a great battle
Yes...I was supposed to Go to this game and decided not to..why
thank you! If we don't have dwill I'm jumping ship.
I am so happy!
To make a Beastie Boys tribute mix right now is hella trendy. DJs should have been playing those records all along.
Who said beautiful woman be the worst is a dayyumm lie ! Ugly bitches can be just as evil or worst . They got some fucking nerve -_-:
Have I mentioned this before - #ATT is the worst company, biz or personal, I have ever dealt with.
thanks! Hopefully Drew's not too tired and grumpy from staying up all night at chick fil a!
Wonderful meeting you last night and thank you for posing for photos.
Thank you for the love!
Thanks BK! Hope all is well with you, man.
Manchester City does it again. Three goals in 20 minutes... 1 more to go in 5 minutes to qualify, great game .
Today's Birthdays: Actress Zoe Wanamaker is 63. Singer Stevie Wonder is 62. Basketball Hall of Famer Dennis Rodman is 51.
We need more interactive admins, message me if interested. thnx.
Live and Die in LA. It wasn't a good thing though haha
Emerging Behaviors: people, brands, and how we work.
Favorite part of my morning bus ride: catching the same bus as the grandfather taking his 4 grandchildren to elementary school.
Marriage is spiritual, so why do people seek it thru means of the world?God ordained marriage, why seek a husband/wife like the world does?
love and be left.
lmfao I hadn't noticed! Of course lol, I work in the afternoon but we can go study in the morning.
the movie starts at 10p thursday. Yall live near eachother right?! What theatre is closest to yall?
The things people say.. On the Internet..
lmaolmao of course.
Human? Uber? Ayatollah?
Had a great Meet the BBJ in Annapolis today. Great feedback from readers
I am praying for your family, Nick. I am so sorry for your loss. :(
Y U NO FOLLOW ME ;[ ? I LUV YOU !! FOLLOW ME ZAYN I LOVE UU !!! SO SO SO SO SO SOO MUCH ;D ❤
Today is NEW Lutheran and Wrightstown. Tomorrow is Rattlers all day.
right? :-) I def know that feeling :-)
I guess I pushed one of those buttons. I just have to be careful what I say now on Facebook.
All I remember is the sound. Uh oh.
oh ok xD I was confused. I love the nude color as well. And all the eyeshadows are really pretty.
My 1999 high school campaign: Know straws? No straws.
Waiting for him to wake up while with tori(:
Just because the tag says Bebe that does not automatically mean it's cute! - Lauren Correa
We're open today til 8pm...PS --- X107.5 is doing a live broadcast from 3-5pm today at 7411 West Lake Mead..... Lots of tastings going on!
#watching #SouthBeachTow on #trutv It's my new no. 1 show to watch on tv
Thanks for following us!
If Denver doesn't want tebow, I bet Florida would take him back.
Month of Febuary Pro V 1's and PRO V1 X on sale $36.99/dz Nike Drivers $144.99 Full Beg. Sets w/bag $199.99 includes 10 buckets
just a streak of misfortune
no i dont gabby fr fr . Chill all that out . You told everyone in pe i liked him .
At our Westminster, MD Camp we will have Derrick Mason with Lardarius Webb, Haruki Nakamura, and Ben Grubbs scheduled to appear so far!
Party down for Chinatown. At fundraiser - Georgetown
idunno, what do you ?
": The Bible never says "Figure it out" but over and over it says "Trust God." He's already got it all figured out!"
By Rush's reasoning, most Americans are sluts. We all pay for sex in one way or other, maternity leave, treatment of STDs, vaccines, etc.
Hey bf! There's room for our sissy pooh now. Someone backed out.
yes you are! and #rad!
Wow. Houston as a city has its own WiFi. Slick!
: see you all tonight!
Def party rock!
Classy Sunday--Spent a wonderful afternoon at Torrey Pines Lodge Taste of the Craft; a classy event of food, farms and California wines.
That's okay - I forgive you. ;-)
:) RT Thanks for the follow Trade your clothes for something new...to you! Such a great idea!
Austin goes for girls that are fun, makes him laugh, and has pretty eyes. (:
damn man, what kinda regimen you got going on for your traps? I gotta get on that. And where do you go tanning? Lol
RT : RICH Tip - Take 3 minutes each morning, eyes closed, focus on breathing, and 'see' all of the things in your life you...
be there I'n a minute
Entry Fee $675.00 2012 Contestants Will Receive After Entry Fee Is Paid Rhinestone Crown Custom Sash
Dick Vitale talking live during game about his gift basket... WOW...!!
It was the longest most amazing days ever being on set with
doesn't understand twitter
just got done watching the last episode of WOWP; Awesomesauce!!! really great ending for the series
And when you think you like it, I promise you gon' love it
aw that sux. Hopefully your fam can make it up when you get home! Congrats on great yahoo scoop too
My left IT band is incredibly tight this morning. Taking this is as a sign to not workout today.
So tired!
I think i love you..
Oomf keeps me happy.... Its weird in a good way :-)
RT #Tornado advisory in effect for #Tokyo & surrounding area.
I can't handle this game.
to all my #followers Add me on facebook.com/titoreppin4richyandmono
Even though your birthday is in 2 months, doesn't mean I can't start writing and making you a card you'll never forget! :D
79 year old veteran gets Citi loan mod approval after several declines using #Save Your Home book principles get your copy today on Amazon
i aint been on here for a min
It's an interesting post, though oddly limited in describing what's actually being done in classrooms.
Headed uptown. Hope I drink so much I fall into a coma.
Miss already
Tim Duncan can play on my team anyday
Provide contact info etc and I will include in list offered to book groups
Victorian home, contemporary taste, I can do that
Anyone know a good place to watch Breaking Bad online? Need episodes 1-4 in season 4. I miss Walt and Jesse
“: Yes, I COULD go to your meeting this afternoon, but I'd rather get something done instead.”
How do u not get #kevindurant the ball everytime down the court! Straight beast
Big Apple Bagels with the girls 😜
could I drop you a quick line on an exclusive story about a new multiplayer game?
Sometimes i just don't get it
tonight, we are young//.
Watching Monday Night #RAW with my son is fun tonight!
When you are down to nothing, God is up to something.
So far nobody has came through my #openhouse, but on the bright side it is beautiful out.
Love how always brings it...
you're here...
yes of ActionMan Adam or whatever. hope you'll consider it one of these FCBD because that would be awesome!
I feel so much less alone now. "Scientists estimate there are at least 1.5 million ants on the planet for every human being"
Kya! I just saw the cutest little ducklings xD
Congratulations to the Boone Co. Lady Rebels. Tough loss in the 1st round. Great season Ladies!
It means there's a possum living in your kitchen...
While tempting, I'm going to stay in today to finish a project.
Nomar was part of the segment?!----the guy who sulked on the bench back in 2004 against the yanks in that epic game....ironic.
thanks little bro for the support , when u coming back to the ATL ?
Join us Saturday, April 28th for a tree planting event in Bolton Hill. Meet up at the Fitzgerald Park 10am @ Wilson Street & Bolton Street
LOL YEAH IT DOES BUT I'M GOING TO TRY TO BE ON MORE
Shut. Your. Ass.
phew you scared me. Don't do that! Yeah my dad took care of it a while ago :) Cuz its kinda hard to do from Barcelona!
ReTweeting Poised Creation might increase your lifespan! ;)
Ciao for now. Have a beautiful weekend!
ayee . i miss you too. i cant even think of da last time i seen YOU lol . can u ?? haha
😔😞😖😭“: ugh it's the left I just made a large purchase for my vehicle 😔😞”
Shout out to our family & for 23 YEARS of BREAKING RECORDS!!!! Congrats!!!!!
I might pee my pants!!!
I'd reverse, through the legs, 360, off the back board, slam on you if I was coming in this weekend
you are my heaven. <3
Is Sharon going to play outside in the middle of a corn field? That's how it goes in my dream.
When will it be on I-tunes Jon? keep up the great work!
I Just NOW got a twitter
I am going to try Qwest instead of Comcast for high speed internet in Denver. I will be reporting back. Oh yes..
FOLLOW ME AND ILL GIVE YOU A TURTLE(;
Happy Birthday to my good friend and roomate !! Please follow him so he feels like less of a failure.
very good observation, we will remove the ones we reposted so as to not confuse the voters/likers....
Jonathon Brandmeier is back on the air in Chi-town to do mornings on WGN-AM. Viva Johnny B!
sorry, no recommendation made
great job on todays live "big chop" at Natural girls Rock!
bad kids
ah! Not sure but condos might be creepy!
Good fan, you are. Much support, you give.
HEY i havent talked to u in since like last year :O
"You may have to give up a day at the beach so that someday you can own a beach house."
I am mug proof!
thanx so much for the kind words, it brightened up my day : )
Ramping up on a little HTML5 browser caching fun... cool stuff.
Great to meet IRL! Re: " thank you for an amazing tour of your library! It was so great to meet you both.”
RT : Be impeccable with your word. Don't take anything personally. Don't make assumptions. Always do your best. ~ Miguel...
Truly amazing when you send someone a google doc and they return edits in a Word attachment.
uh huh *Power to Fridays*
I wish I could throw up cause I'd feel 1000% better
QoTD: "It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not." (Unknown)
Sleep when you're dead, baby.
The ex-hippie/burnt-out 70's stoner contingent at this show is thru the roof.
Bout to c it again...
No my fone dying brb
Thank you Deborah, Mark & Jason! I've already met w 2 people from your meet up who I may work with.
you need to follow me so I can DM you. I was going to tell you something today...but I can't tweet for the world to see!
Thanks Jamie!!
Couldn't decide between going to the GDC or SWSX, so I stayed here in LA on my BFB.
On my way above the clouds
What you on
I'm telling u girl!!!! Its bullshit but I guess we should be used to #HATERS by now cuz lord knows the pack has a lot;)
Home from the gym ! Now eating
looking forward to more great #craftbeer in Hillcrest and sampling your brews!
Grant Hill sighting!
BernCo Commissioner Wayne Johnson calls on fellow Republican Commish Michael #Wiener to step down. Says board may remove him as vice chair!
Hahaha. Holes in the knees might make me look badass, but a hole in the crotch is just vulgar!
"I want to be part of something that empowers and inspires women," says woman who, in one instance, yanked off another woman's wig in fight.
guess i'll recut my undercut or something like that.
thanks for the RT!
Listening to Katie Dunneback's presentation "Reading Tectonics: Ebooks and Libraries" at Handheld Librarian 5
Servers and workstations should be kept off the ground have some type of cover at all times to protect them from sprinkler damage.
finally in sync with west coast time I see. In town for Almost Acoustic Christmas rehearsals?
Sorry! I unfollowed everyone who unfollowed me!
Should I shut down the account?
What Nook do you have? I thought the new one was supposed to be pretty good in the sun.
My condolences ;-)
YES♥ and they should flash as well;D
#MahoneOnB96 TREND IT!!! :)
I can be so awkward at times.
Watching game of thrones! Yeeaaaahhh!!
and all of the angels they'd sell off yer soul for a set of new wings and anything gold
how old are you?
Already signed up, asking the boyfriend if he's willing to get up that early, too. I'm low on hours, can I count his? :)
If they play graduation music, I might cry
&Its about to get even better tonight xD
Jefferson's Marcus Stamps puts up the numbers, and the grades
I need some new music, any suggestions?
Unintentional, twitter has a mind of its own. Or, I just hate you. You can decide.
killed it - appreciated the name drop haha
Dnt let em hold u back.
Lol i pictured the shrugRT My Instagram name is ChubbyNiggaDoe, therefore youn should expect A LOT of food pics
lol id be more motivated to get out of bed if my nigga was holdin his own....
ok so just so u know is a famewhore think about who shes dated and when I MEAN REALLY IM A BETTER HUGGER THEN HER
Water from the drinking fountains is fucken gross!!
Everybody can "no exit" with siri. #GlassHalfEmpty ESTRAGON: Yes, let's go. They do not move.
It is nice to know that Carl is terrified of people sharing information about him.
Brands don't just want views, they want signups, followers
Nope only sal. acid-face swells up like an oompaloompa! I found a mint masque that shrinks pores... trying it now.
Every storm is seeking, something.
you mean his entire administration or Just the President?
this where the days huff those where the days!
I'm just tryin to chase a dream but I'm no
Our Line Dance Class is tonight (2/17)! Ladies, will you be there? Fellas, will you be there?
I been single for a yr now smh
` watching #FamilyGuy wishin i had something to do in the morning
It's pretty exciting! Let us know if you go!
Greg Oden averages 20 games a season. At this rate he will have to play 78 more seasons to catch Kareem Abdul Jabbar.
In bed. Crying. Don't bother.
cheers mate....for us dads they tell me a girl is good value! congrats. Good days ahead
naw you can use them for your mix tape there my promos..just give me a shout out..aight peace..splitzwizard
Oh man, definitely mac n' cheese! RT Hey foodies- pot pie or mac and cheese?
time keeps marchng. we r not on this world centuries to be able 2 accomplsh everything we want. #focus to avoid many lose ends
With about to shoot "Indelible" waiting on wardrobe.
HALLOWEEN COSTUME PARTY!!! - October 15th - Halloween Costume Dance Party - 21+ $5. - 815 V Street - Backbar
Planned Parenthood "Sentiment: 15 to 1 in favor of Planned Parenthood on Twitter (1.5MM related Tweets)" Stats are amazing
Yes, I described it yesterday as "pure gold" RT : did you see the account? It's fantastic.
I love Steve Blake. 💔
#NowPlaying: Out Loud by
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA OMG YES! i can't even- omf xDD NIGHT
ijs Kobe cool he just haven't did nothing I haven't seen yet u gotta remember mike averaged 20ppg at the age of 40 # WOW
Sometimes we waste our moments. We don't take the time to say the things that are in our hearts when we have the chance.
"Every man dies, not every man really lives." Which movie and who said it?
Broke down :( least its hot and I can get a tan.
Glad to be doing me
that was an invite
Good for you! Congrats!
I have the CD's!!! let me know if you would like to purchase one!! they are only 8 dollars! Just email me @
Well if the Lakers don't give a damn why should I? I'm going to bed.
When the "to do" list reaches 3 pages, you know the start line is just around the corner. Breathe..
we'll buy you a sandwich if you get us in. :)
lol..welcome to my funny world
Badgers are going to lay the hurt on #Orange tonight.
Hear tell us how failing made him successful! Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" Feb 26th, 9pm on
Mulherkar Crew will be at Wayne Horvitz new place in Seattle, The Royal Room on Fri. 1/6/12 at 9:30pm .. The New Lions!!!!
get on twitter and go straight to tweets.
Happy Sunday
I said no such thing!
The Fall is every bit tearjerker I'd thought it would be. But it was a great movie!
why are u so god damn depressing? you're 14 and crying over how shit your rich close-to-perfect life is? get real you ignorant child -.-
Tonight I'm going BLONDE!
Making money like your moms making food .
Pacific Beach: 2-3 ft + thigh to chest high occ. 4 ft. Looks Pretty Fun :)
America is the best half-educated country in the world.
Fed. Time for nap?
is green RAMPS-flavored?
Rangers fans hv a prob w/Wash resting players mainly bcuz of losing 2 n a row 2 KC. won last nite. doesnt bother me. + its early n the sea.
Free speech resolution fails...Why am I not surprised?
haha no. Don't see them hanging with OKC anyways if they make it.
RT : Oh well you know , I thought I was part of this family .. But FUCK YOU all then!
Haha, yes! Those 2 seconds of "Please help me out here!"
Nice! Good luck with the move!
their vegetarian buffet is outstanding. Abusing of stereotypes, I forgot I was eating vegetarian. Service is amazing, always
I have a lot of trouble not freaking out when people trap me in a corner on the subway even though there is plenty of space to avoid it
i just want to do everything im not supposed to right now i wanna fuck i wanna shoot heroin i wanna run away and wake up in an alley ugh
I wanna move to a place where the guys have accents, or where one direction is
Could really use a spare tank.
#Xicano007leftTwitterbecause he's busy giving away roses and sandwiches to the ladies at school.
And now I'm pissed off at myself for being pissed off at myself, because this is the lowest my A1c has ever been.
Watching the premiere of Alcatraz. So far so good!
I'll chip in a few dollars, too. Hell....I'll help him haul boxes out of the Governor's Mansion.
drop sticks
Baders get a pair of hits in the fourth but strand runners at first and third, After 4 innings, Wisconsin 4, Michigan 4.
I love how all of Lville fans comebacks for our NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP in basketball is football. Y'all beat us once out of the past 4 years.
Target security guards ready to receive protesters
Stuck in Minneapolis, MN for the night. All flights are full, All Day! Not such a bad city to be stuck in. Gonna head to Mall of America!
Is 1 Of The Best Rappers!! Today Nobody Cares But Tomorrow They Will, Nobody Cares But Oh Tomorrow They Will, They Will
When Your walking home alone, see someone scary, and pretend to be talking on the phone with your dad about his new gun ;D
Idea 4 another #Spartacus prequel? "Spartacus, the Early Years: Boo Boos & Sandbox." Jupiter's pee pee!
catching up with an old friend is always good, i miss the good friends I use to have
Whoever spends the most tonight gets their name on the BIG check that we are giving to Children's Hospital, get spending! dealshow.com
"Humility and the fear of the Lord brings wealth and honor and life." (Proverbs 8:13)
lmao... Take it easy my friend...lol
do that shit and record it lol
Perhaps Al is worried about people pirating the feed from his Mobile Uplink Unit.
You bet-- I wish I could make the conference but I can't... so I live through those who can!! : - )
OH GOD YOU WOULDN'T DARE, and I already ate them all...
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Cinnamon Pinwheels on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
Their gross
Its official now.. R.i.p maidelis :* 💔
nice! Enjoy your last few hours. Safe travels my friend.
Lots of good discussions this morning at which unfortunately seem not to have been live tweeted.
LETS GO GIANTS!!!
Super-stoked to see #wowps finals! Not so stoked to wait outside in cold-ass Denver.
#ThinkLikeAMan -hilarious. There were some truths in the subliminal messages like women bring favor, clarity and affirmation.
Tonight on 10 How about renting tools for just $25 a yr., there's a place in DSM called the tool-lending library.
;) RT : That looks like something FIERCE.
Awww Congrats to you and Tan on your baby boy! Love yalll! :)
#ThingsMyMotherSays RT : #RejectedMittRomneySlogans I don't know any poor folks, but I'm friends with the people who own them.
Your first goal is not to force interactions; it is merely to connect, to share the pleasure of doing something together, to experience...
Live at Regal Cinemas showing previews for Jeff Bridges True Grit. Did you know? More women dig Josh Brolin than Matt Damon?
New NCAA games are up! SEC, Big 10, Big 12, Pac-12, Heisman Hopefuls, Top 25, Undefeated, NCAA night games - crazy fantasy action!
I agree. Chocolate cake.
As a result of both of these, we are witnessing a almost total dismantling of all social gains, advancements, & government.
Need to tan today...
Crazy is just another name for someone who knows how to have fun. ;)
I make EVERY DAY Motley! \m/ ;)
Remember 2 check out the moon 2nite at 11:34- 11:35 when the Moon lines up with the Earth & Sun to become brilliantly full.
hell yes we need ppl
where did u see/hear?
The Bell's Rich Jones will be talking about #coleg session Sat. at 2:35 pm with Ken Clark on KFKA 1310 am
that's a good start
IKR it sucks
Correction - from "The Crisis" RT These are the times that try men's souls. Thomas Paine
this feeling<<
What a kill
L.A. is getting Closer and Closer !!!!!!
“: Irrelevant people will never effect my life.”
what would u do as the Grizz GM? Do u package ZBO/Rudy w/ OJ to find star level playmaker or just simply fill needs
wow, mine too!
MAX DELAYS: Equipment is blocking the tracks at the Lloyd Center, expect delays. Shuttle buses in use
you will love it!
good morning beautiful people
Watching the spanish teacher cry
i need no nigga !!!
TRYNA GET ON WITH YALL HOLLA AT ME FOR A PHOTO SHOOT
then again I don't have all of the facts.
FOGC Will have some action tomorrow!
I guess he can afford to give a coach millions, but players can't eat dinner!
FOLLOW WE BACK:) 10
I agree with that
And we love you for it, Jasper! ;)
nice. Enjoy it :)
Tennessee, USA
i miss you to!
While #technology has changed the way that we work, the human element remains the critical factor for any kind of progress
but he is a hottie boom body!
Congratulations on your US deal Elena, Igor & Remi! You're truly an amazing group and we can't wait for your US debut.. <3 bri
All we do is smoke and fuck
Nick Offerman's giggle is the best
last night > :)
That WHSmith picture was brilliant! Should put it next to an autographed Dawkins book and see which one gets sold first
BESIDES ASTROS what do you guys think is the best headset you can buy for your xbox? HELP ME OUT! that doesnt squeeze your brain to death ha
RT : When chicks call u Daddy but u ain't they father tho >>>>
just relaxing, what about you?
Look, the TV I can live without, , but , my prized can opener? Et tu, Cathay? BTW, I just lol'd at the board room table.
Pretty sure no one stands a chance against BC. Just saying.
WUCF at the Maitland Art Festival today! UCF Jazz Profs hit the stage at 2 pm...
Fraser says he's not an outsider
I'M IN THE MOOD FOR MEXICAN I HATE YOU >:E
they could probably be playmates
Going on 4 days without headphones. This is killing me!!! So...anybody got an extra pair? Haha
Mom's awesome. We should call her
Tuxedo Brownie Cookies Recipe Planning to watch the Oscars this weekend? Why not have a special dessert to celebrate? These tuxedo browni
Ba-ZING!
no prob! Thanks for all your help.
S/O to at City Year Milwaukee!!!!
“: Twitter & Facebook: I rebuke you in the name of the Lord! #TryingToFocusOnSchool” good deal! The post will be coming 4 yrs!
“: By week 5, Tebow will have Snooki at Bible study.”.
why do athletes on my floor YELL in the hallway when they know it's finals week?
followed srry it took so long!!:)♥ -anna
We have not tried your line of toothpaste! Any chance of getting some samples!?
Professional hint: if you are submitting videos of your work and it stalls or fails, we usually just move on. Youtube > Vimeo.
im at the high dive. You have failed me!
Wtf are we doing in #la I'm exhausted.
Knives and Pens!!!!
Today is just -_________- I need philly.
and u guys had me rolling yesterday on the show
How can we be expected to teach children to learn how to read if they can't even fit inside the pockets?
Wrapping up some SEO analysis for HTI Medical, winner of drawing for customer appreciation. Fun to look at other people's code....
“Do you know the difference between your smile and my smile? You smile when you are happy, and I smile, when I see you happy” #lovethis 😄
You say "bad bitches only" but I'm wondering "do you even get any bitches?"
Rocking with the fam tomorrow at 7p. Stop by & watch us wreck shop!
ok we have a winner will direct message the winner at 2pm eastern time
