“Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God.” - Edwin Louis Cole
you're so sweet! So sorry you guys didn't win. You deserved it!
Dire predictions of the imminent demise of publishing go back at least to the 20s. Each new technology prompts despair.
so basically kind of like a Phish concert.I feel like the health market crowd here is yuppies
"Do you ever wonder if we make the moments in our lives or the moments in our lives make us?"
Happy Birthday and much luck tonight
I hate running out of coffee after a night of staying up late reading twitter.
All aboard for 'Dinosaur Train' - Muncie Star Press
-- Well, I would never advise anyone to dump J.D. Martinez for those guys ...
ahh. So, short phrases, iambic. "coinage of my brain" etc.
In chemistry..... Seriously considering suicide right now...
I do not want a damn iPod leave my twitter alone you damn fools
On a plane, heading for Chicago, at least if I don't get stuck in Minneapolis over night.
Lend me your eyes and I'll change what you see.
really good for once!
when girls tie their shirts with a rubber band.
it must be summer in south texas already
Just look at all this support Bring Back Ringer
Get me out of this store please :/
where is it? I wanna see your face. <3
Let's see if the Fashiontonians know. How bout it guys? “ know any good male fashion models in the area?”
People suck.
haha nice :p my best friends sing in the car most of the time. It's so funny haha
Do any ad media buyers have info about how inventory for a hypothetical Super Bowl overtime gets sold? Please RT. ?
That's reassuring, but I trapped and relocated it anyways. Take no chances!
"No, really, you may not photograph me. You are not from "insert huge media blitz about my success." I am not your scrap book memory.
LOL! It's great to meet you too ;)
Thanks to , faith in house music is resorted.... SHM> EVERYTHING
Beyond amazing tonight !!! You were so gorgeous &danced beautifully with Tristan!! Love your look and so happy to c u back!
There's no way I'm going to be able to handle Titanic in 3d.lol
no tweeting during church
We are not sports people.
n/naka chef's tasting meal for $110 was a culinary experience. Modern Japanese kaiseki style mixed w/ traditional techniques. Perfect meal.
Hope you enjoy it
RT : Mazel Tov! RT“: The pick up is official. Castle. Season 5. Cheers. >loved you in Finale!
Up & at'em. Muay Thai Monday!
have nothing to be jealous about, 5 year bragging rights!!
Much to my surprise, there's nothing racist about Soup Plantation. Who knew?
welcomes to our team... Thanks for the great order looking forward to a gr8 business relationship pls RT
I didnt hear about that sorry I missed it.
So YOU'RE that dude.
People aren't ever gonna stop runnin their mouths.
if to borrow is to take and not return, i have borrowed all my lonesome life
wish one day you can steal a few minutes from your busy life and make me feel like u miss me the way i miss u </3
Happy Fathers Day to all the Dads out there!! Especially Dennis and David,Ronnie and my Dad
#SPRING is getting closer!! Who is ready to get out the #Powersport vehicle??
hello, my child, how u been
lol,its a white people thing.
Manny: "a lot of amenities disappear when an 'H' becomes an 'M.' "
Wasn't nothing real about that $50, who breaks big ass bills in McDonald's. Americas dumbest criminals
When we do what we are meant to do, money comes to us, doors open for us and the work we do feels like play to us.
yea it pretty much was lol my dad man...
Blasting Sexy & I know it, ignoring the world.
#liber2011 Early English Books microfilm project started in the 1930s. Wow--didn't know it went that far back!
send a note...I will reply with the request! Thanks.
yes it is. Unbelievable.
truth be told, he may have been born in the 90s?!
#Bolts. 18th overall pick #NFL Draft @ 5pm PT. Each team has 10 minutes to make their draft selection. Estimated time 7:30-8pm PST
First day of shooting for the Skin Folk project completed! Updates coming soon!
This Strawberry Italian Ice is delicious!!!
Dine at Blitz Tigard on 99w today and 15% goes to ... Help kids! Eat Tachoes!
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Ralph Waldo Emerson
I became suddenly melancholy upon realizing #jorts are now out of season.
Now that I've watched get her award, off to bed! Oh Mondays...
Who gonna smoke one wit me?
Dear Seattle snow, I would appreciate it if you stopped so that I can drive home from the airport tomorrow and don't have to leave my car...
Good morning everyone
Fact #3: like how peope say: "treat others the way you want to be treated", literally treat them how YOU want to be treated, RESPECT you ...
interesting link - did you google it?
Thanks to for introducing me to #untappd. My alcoholism now has a social paper trail.
should follow me back bc I'm his #1 fan!!!!
When I'm quiet, strangers look at me and think I'm shy. People who know me think, "Oh my God. She’s thinking! Everybody run!"
Good morning peeps... It's cold outside! I guess Salma Hayek will have to warm me up at 6:45am!
Agh sitting around waiting for the kids isn't so bad in my new car.
Please be careful! It is awful out there!
outgoing and competitive and like reallyy friendlly
Bring Hollywood Home salutes Senator Curren Price and the Arts Committee for the hearing this week in Sacramento to save arts education
HaPPy BiRtHdaY!!
all 4 corners of sunset/highland = 70 library rally peeps! Please join us!
Obligatory LOL Bulls lost, out of playoffs tweet.
I agree. It's really public domain so people should be prudent in what they say on social networking sites.
bbygrl<3 i miss you D;
iron fist!!
They don't show it here until 8:00. I'll have to wait for my trash bag viewing.
ARTIST COME GET YOUR NEXT PROJECT DONE WITH US! #UNLEVEL PRODUCTION TEAM. MIXING MASTERING AVAILABLE EMAIL DM US FOR DETAILS.
Obligatory twitter post
A little less than one hour left! Make it work designers... (and engineers, educators, farmers, et al...)
Reading sci-fi. Wondering which of our US political parties has a hive mentality.
I'm sick thanks to my babe lol but its all good lol
oh ok.
Good Morning ツ Thanking the Man above
Cannot believe I missed Bill Murray in #RVA!
What is your greatest strength?
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you have your wedding reception at the Old Country Buffet! No lie, I saw this in Milwaukee, WI!
Thanks to all who attended the Mail Masters Open House yesterday. It was a great event!
Snow will make a slow commute. Stay tuned to the FOX9 Morning News before you head out. And drive carefully, please ;-)
Same here!!!
Do you think so far ahead?
"some of us are trying to work, so would you PLEASE shut the fuck up!? Thanks!"
RT : North Carolina homophobes enact homophobe law to show devotion to noted non-homophobe Jesus.
Awesome! What was your favorite wine? RT! --> ": Amazing wines from Croatia and Slovenia and superb food "
congrats! That's the way to close out a game & series!
get a new one! you got the same number though ?
I love the idea of a webcam on the stacks:) Please do.
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway
"He has the personality of a dial tone."
Don't get someone's hopes UP if you know your going to shoot then DOWN.
This song got me anxious for my big cuzin party this wknd...i just want some food tho..
lol almost fell down the ladder in the outcove to where the spots are.
I hate who i am and wish i was the old me, he was alot better
CALL ME
u cop from z?
Next week Arizona turns 100! We're looking forward to all of the events happening in the valley! What's your favorite thing about our state?
yes, GM resisted, but it's clear now that was futile. There was no private money for either GM or Chrysler's 363 sale.
thanks for the follow... Be sure to stop by throwthefight.com !!! Thanks again for your support!!
Hey guys I'm back... It's been a long day..
Goin to sleep #happybirthdayAlex will tweet again tomorrow. U R EPIC! Hope u have the most Awsome bday ever!!!
don't tell them. They'll take that away too.
We'll be playing a FREE SHOW Mar 7th at 12th & Porter, Nashville! Show starts :30 we go around 10:15! Bring all your friends & party w/us!
hey guys i miss u
why don't they call charges or traveling on the heat? i mean it doesn't really matter but i feel like im at a globetrotters game
I'm in the library. Where are you? See you tonight?
Lol wow just saw the pic
can't talk yet! I took a view of silence for bullied LGBT kids.
"if i'm louder, would you see me?" YES BABY I WILL OMG CAN'T YOU SEE I LOVE YOU LOVE ME NIALL.
Just realized I have 3 more weeks till finals than I'm done with my freshman year of college.
sad trombone!
I hope so! In your opinion do you think there will be one??? All of my friends love the show we watch it all the tome!
What does God say about? Lots of good things.
RT So inspired right now! So many ideas flowing to me. If only I could stay in this place more frequently. Ask & it is given!
Thanks for following, good to meet you!
I seriously hope you aren't only on Face Book...
Wow. Lady 1: Can we talk to you about Sara? Lady 2: Sara who? Why am I even here?
Thnks “ Thoroughly enjoyed & learned from the Wknd Biz Podcast (like eavesdropping on a hi level discussion) & hope it'll ret'n soon”
I'm in the fast lane, tryin to flip and get a grip on my mind
Give us a call at 888-502-3336, and we'd be happy to share some info with you. :)
I need sunglasses on a day like this damn I should backed up lol
hahah thank you :)
You know I totally agree. Sometimes getting up in the morning and getting dressed requires creativity ;)
know of a group of people wanting to chill and learn? I'm down
So ready for D.C.
#NowPlaying "You Got It" by Roy Orbison
what's good fam
did that make it better?
Picking out a new desktop for my new job - which one should I get?!
So... if I told you that I was showing "Sifl & Olly" in class, would you call that a bad idea?
Yeah whats your number?(:
They are having issues right now.
Each audition has three components, the entry interview, the performance, and the exit interview.
but tell him he's kinda cute please?
I only had time for one pic, either or ...tough decision.Umm. Hey Z, let's get that pic some time soon.
Just want to #thank for bringing so many people together with instantfollowback.com #followback #instantfollowbackgradea :)
Great game from the #Mets today... Peanuts are on me!!!
lalala ne ne ne ne ne ne practice time....
Relaxing at the beach.
obama just kicked all the homophobes thru the goal posts of LIFE. shoutout ms. deizmann
My typical workout involves eating kettle cooked chips. It also kicks my butt.
Hm, I wish that could have gone a little more smoothly
Looks like the link is broken - could we get a repost? Thanks!
So many men shimmying...
Man these fukn ducks round here be walkn round here like they humans...ill run you duck ass over
RT : Source: #Brewers sign SS Tommy Manzella to minor-league deal. Manzella, #Astros' Opening Day starter in '10.
I'm starting a foundation to hire a dribble coach for Dirk.
Missouri State Board of Education meeting beginning. Alta Vista and Confluence Academy charter schools are up for renewal.
That moment when you leave the restaurant & realize that you left your box of left overs on the table..
ATS's final solution: uninstall and reinstall the entire Adobe Master Collection. Fuckin' brilliant.
you'll smoke some kush with us? 😃
thanks for the follow and good luck this year!
How do you wash it? Is that your real hair? Just let it go becki and compliment me and keep it movin'
If you are patient in a moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
About to see Zoo Keeper with my little man. Theatre is empty and it's a new release. Uho.
Smart girl. Love the pic and the wallpaper - pretty in pink!
Got a complimentary comment on a #LibGuide over the weekend. So nice of the student to take the time.
So, what are you telling me? You're viewing this from somewhere far out along a space-time continuum?
getting ready to interview Stay tuned to find out what they have to say!
My universe will never be the same.. I'm Glad You Came <3
Met a member of Koko & The Sweetmeats who lives like 6 blocks from me. Wish we had time to stay for their set.
thanks for the follows!!
I'LL SEE !!! RT : WE GOING TO THAT NEW RIVERFRONT PARK TODAY AT 6 BE THERE
Make it!
Wtf random headaches.
Thanks for the mention!!!
you know Anthony Tambakis? my mom was going through old pictures & found a picture of him at her graduation wearing ladies (c)
Uthoff on the prospect of playing with Dekker: "I could have played alongside of him, and I would have had no problem doing it."
I take out my phone on purpose to look at my wallpaper cause it's cute ;) <3
sometimes you are an evil evil man, giving us little tidbits like this! ;-)
Did I eat today ? I'm starving right now, Damnn
Tasos thinks there are three quarters in hockey. Three quarters is not enough of anything.
: Seriously lol! At least they will know by your cheering who are you rooting for.
panjot! I did
i just threw up and died
better pick to win this season!!!! #SHARONNEEDLES!!!!
Napoleon, don't be jealous that I've been chatting online with babes all day. Besides, we both know that I'm training to be a cage fighter.
I took two different quizzes to see what my clothing style should be. The first result was Summer Beachwear. The second result was Goth.
mhm Chicago is always cool to go to. How do you like Texas?
💅 Gettin my nails did-just noticed the lady next to me has dragon feet....🐸
Would be a great event for DK to do........ Gain more awareness and it could incorporate anyone to come help
Community Day coming up Saturday. Fun activities for the whole family -- art projects, break dancing plus three galleries open. Noon - 5 pm
I wish I could learn I was allergic to a medication before it sends me to the ER all night long with an asthma attack.
WOW i just made a twitter and i already have 58 followers? #yee u guys are amazing!
yes, but i'm at home today bc i'm ill :(
Had to use the pointy end of a nail file to peel off a book label.
YUM. is that downtown?
You sure said it, mine is turnig 15 and it's the best and worst all at the same time.
yeah good times!
Airport terminal or cruise ship promenade? #adventures #arewelost?
I ain't doin dancing lls you must be out your mind.
#WhatHurtsMeTheMost is that and will never follow me, even how hard i try... :,(
Why is Arizona so cold today?
“: cuddling > wrestling > kissing > hickies > lip biting > hand guiding > a little aggression > moans > grabbin .”
Like a high school reunion, that conference is. Stayed just long enough to keep myself out of trouble.
Thanking God for waking me and my love ones up this morning
PARTY HARDY
sucks for the Dodgers...
Absolutely. Between them and DC it makes me sick.
Technology is hard and confusing. Is Geocities and Friendster still cool?
Never SECOND Guess Yourself!
is it the end of a marking period or perhaps the final days before April vacation?
allow me to introduce you to the fine team over at
I know it hears ugly, but is not! Is delicious! Original lays with sauce!
I'm a rock whisperer.
time for eggnog and last minute shopping. love it!
Where is my gambling announcer for this game? This spread is still up for grabs
Heavy music can be very motivating. It is visceral and the energy is contagious. Rock on!
#MMAF2011 great last panel!
It's like you're two different people lol 😌
Okay and thanks :)
Going to see some Dolly Parton covers tonight in Ballard ~ can't wait!
Was it via email? Letter via mail? I just want to make sure it never happens again and find out what happened in this case.
Brain won't stop spinning. Great conversation tonight. w/
" Shoes over tattoos !! Copping OG PLAYOFFS saturday hopefully." Tattoos are forever though!
i no its an old movie but i just watched the last song... its gotta b the best movie u guyz r amazing actors!!!
you are someone so wonderful, you are my closest friend, and with this I promise, to love you till the end!
Thank you for doing such a nice job on the article about our domestic violence meeting. It turned out nicely. Happy weekend!
Literally I sound like a pack a day smoker right now....
My variation of follow Friday - Friday Favorites!
Feeling sick.
: fablabs/hacker spaces/maker spaces distribute costs of maker culture tools & gewgaws, just like we do w/other materials.
Were your ears burning last night. Had dinner with and your name came up.
In a relationship you want someone who you can be extraordinary with instead ordinary apart.
Current topic of office chat: why hasn't anyone gamified spam-reporting? I'd totally rack up in-app purchases on SpamBlasters™.
Hand this iPad to your CHRO and say, "discover." -
Dear advertisers, When commercials come on ten times louder than the show I mute the volume and ignore it.
you're lucky I love you! ;D
Dave! When are you gonna take me on a date to chickfila lol
Thanks! You rock!
london and france! :)
About to go over wedding food with my mom and Robyn, deep breaths, deep breaths....
fake nigga's be queit! Hha jpjp well good luck not that you need it ! ;)
RT : Age is irrelevant. Who we are as a person matters most. Celebrate every person's unique abilities.
I agree. If more people used the Spirit instead of the flesh we'd have a lot fewer divorces.
Even a mosquito doesn't get a slap on the back until it starts to work.
Congrats ! Eric Quigley -SEC Player of the Year, Head Coach Dennis Emery, SEC coach of the Year.
oh I got it, and lmaooo TO YOUR TEXT. Am I like the only one that doesn't take my phone out in school? I read like 7 pessages(c)
So HAPPY FOR YOU! Thrilled you made it happen!! Enjoy!
I just keep thinking about the fact I almost came to church by myself this morning
Probably better to focus more attention on bigger cost problem than on more specific debt problem.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you have to request a new neurologist because yours is sketch
Watching this Packers-Giants game is making me feel better about our Niners' chances next weekend.
OMG THANK U FOR GIVING ME A HEART ATTACK.. I ALMOST DIED.. OMFGG.............I THOUGHT U WERE BIEBS.. EFF...
hey can i get a follow back :-)
Showed to my grad Oral History seminar today as a possible outlet for interviews & they loved it! Reno TBA.
ur ao sexy u know what and I'm do my little dance on the cat wal
Making Turkish Coffee For The Fam
cool..im glad to here it..
Fairy tale for me. I'm way too excited for that. Good luck!
#dickinsonproblem that big crowd on the first and second floor
#Yeahilovethat crack cocaine
happy birthday gods. youre a beauty my brother 👊
Perfect!RT : Tomorrow is National Wear Red Day! Support Go Red for Women movement and help wipe out women's #1 killer,heart disease!
TMZ reporting that Dick Clark, America's perpetual teenager (for a while, anyway) has died from a heart attack at the age of 82.
yes, they ought to, in other districts they had I guess
Oh okay sounds fun! Have fun! Haven't been in years.
Tues May 8! We are very excited! RT : Yes! Opening soon and should be awesome.
At the barbershop waitn to get this shape up...
Or to sing country music for the rest of my life. you always want what you can't have
Nail salon real quick :3
You made my day today! Looking forward to our next session. :-)
We're having a volunteer meeting tomorrow @ 4:30pm with a tour of the current show. Interested? Contact:
Attention my Men followers: Snowbunny OR Beach Babe????
Tkc pub run-in: Annie carrying "Currents of Marxism" and a prof's manuscript.
Oh the disadvantages of being short. Merp
Thank you! I'll wear it with (Bull) Pride!
Have we reached peak peak?
Tamara! CALL SEAN'S BLUFF ON HIS BOGUS TALKING POINT ABOUT NOW NET JOBS! OMG.
Stop counting crayons, just draw pictures. - Mark Scharenbroich
Are you shucking kidding me?! Super shucking jealous! Wish I was shucking some oysters right now... Let's go
Me talking to people: "Let's make artsy stuff!" from the other side of the room "Woo!"
thanks for follow! India's a leader in new tech in diplomacy, would love to get your input during #futureofpd event tomorrow
But students would have to have Skydrive Accounts . . . (also a Google school)
I suppose his videos could monopolize the market of teachers choosing to not use their own videos & not create their own resources.
I leave for Florida in the morning.. Sigh.
You heard it here. Prince Fielder by over 18 feet.
arent u bently sister...do he have a twitter
Yes. And then you start trying to insert hypercompensatory "u"s into everuything, like a vowel-mad Englishwouman.
By the way, this has little to do with sex. I've been through the wars the past 5 or 6 years.
My agency just started offering free online marketing evaluations for shopping centers. DM me if you're interested.
Hi my name is i am not a rapper...only on that beat that makes my racks grow faster...
This was a record #trickortreat year! 280 pieces gone in 2.5 hrs! We ran out twice. I love being a home owner in
Jacobs will also help 49ers contend...for most untimely unsportsmanlike conduct penalties
“: trix was the world's first multicolored breakfast cereal.” Not true. I colored my own cereal before trix
So since everyone wants the #Clippers to win I'm voting for the #Grizzlies Hell I'm closer to Memphis anyway
Ugh, make it 2 goals RT : We're into the third, still trailing by a goal.
Yes plz make excuses for how u really thought you were gonna get a player like him to settle for a hoe like you.
that is truly, truly heartbreaking. i hope it doesn't last long.
Gettin' cozy with the on this chilly day!
Ima bad bitch ya dig.
so glad you had a good time! sometimes for L, L, and me it feels like a meal we made for a dinner party; had to tell how it tastes!
My diet this week is going to consist of coffee, water, adderall, and jimmy johns. Thursday come faster!
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing. - Abraham Lincoln
I think should start making crop tops for Fresh Dough and sell them at Warped. I'd probably buy them all.
What now-defunct station do you miss the most?
Twitter winners: , , : second, third and fifth place winners
That was slick.
But im.back to regular ole me now lol
Corbin Bleu will replace Hunter Parrish in beginning April 17th!
Dear iPod, When I put you on shuffle, it means play all my favorite songs. Sincerely, Skip, skip, no, no, YES SIR.
Lmaoo let the man live!
Which pols are re-upping? BTW - has Romney, Gingrich or Santorum commented on this? (I know Romney was asked, but ducked it)
Oops, that should be Cath, not Cathy. Curse this auto-correct!
Tom Barrett and Jon Erpenbach just walked into Espresso Royale to say hi and hang out. I think John Nichols is with them outside.
To bad you have none (:
I'm on the edge...of my seat...and hoping Gaga stops in da Burgh.
Don't ya just love when things are obvious but you never realize them?! Lol
�SEO is by nature a cross-functional exercise
Twitter was used to help organize protests during the 2011 Egyptian revolution and the 2009 Moldova civil unrest.
Good morning #cildc!
What's been up???
I like her little hat. Sassy!
6 cans of pineapple juice, and i do, whateva i feel like -jess de rivera
Swag + Maggie= swaggie. Justin and I came up with that together and he put it in his song. Just sayin'
you have your heart attack yet? What's up with your Spartans? That squad wishes they had u and mo pete right now
I you got a strange direct message from me I apologize. I got a hack/spam message that I did not know about. Do not open the message.
My aunt Toni is always tweeting. She's tweets more than me lol ;)
OH. i heard Robert is gonna be on Austin's Ustream. :D
This is just disrespectful lmfao
Yep. Will probably seal the deal within a week RT : you sellin the mini??
At cheddars!!! Yeah!!! Love my new iPhone 4!!!!
ditto...should be a good week!
Hey, thank you very much. An honor to be in this list!
to be a guest on Saturday morning at 10:20 a.m. MT.
Omgosh! Sonic on rt 22 east by the warren exit opens tomorrow! 9 to 11! I am so there! Who is w me?!
WOAH. Just walked into an American Apparel for the first time.
Minneapolis bound!
“: did an amazing job at Lonestar Park..👍” Thanks! We had a blast!!! See you next time PAO!
Ahh i miss u bitches!
what kind of phone do u have??? #htcamphibian lol
That's what I do best: whining/researching/sketching/doodling/mofoing. J/k on the mofoing. But all else fits. Time for a change.
Even If the King would come here, I would not expect the Orioles to spend money. :(
honestly, there is no sexual innuendo like elevator sexual innuendo
Damn knicks vs heat first round wtf.... This shit aint gonna be easy
To, too, two; two tutu; tutu too...it's all the same, really.
Beginning of July. I am going to the ISTE conference with Jason and Wendy at the end of June, though.
live music nights, do you have spoken word artists as well, poets, NEO soul?
Filming a Spec Commercial today!
I wish I were quicker with camera. Guy chattin up smokin hot chick w/ toilet paper on chi n from shaving.
I think the term "swinging bunt" offers far too much credit to the hitter. "Blind luck" is much more fitting
Need help writing the next paper or business plan? Call Your Thoughts, LLC! 1-866-694-8528 or email us:
still havent gotten my ZOMG bracelet yet and its been like 3 months :,,,,,(
I can't cognitively function and listen to Bach simultaneously :-)
Don't mess up something that down for life, for someone who's just down for the night.
At 5:19 left...Spero Dedes just said "The Knicks cruising to another win"...has he seen a 4th qtr of a Knicks game in the shot clock era?
Oh jeez, shots fired at Virginia Tech
DEY SO NOISY SMH ITS NOT EVEN FUNNY
Yep .... Does it work for you, and if so, how (specifically), and what's the time, energy and money required and ultimate ROI?
Happy #CyberMonday! Where are you shopping online today?
The North American lottery system makes about $70 billion every year... More than the movie, music and porn industry combined.
BREAKING: Newt admits there is a challenge that may be too big for him to solve.
Several festivals this weekend, then a party as Minnie Mouse to finish the weekend off!
your everything is excessive.
i am going to miss you so much while i am gone babe, muahh, xoxoxo <33
BUZZ, a young adult novel available in English but also in Chinese and in paperback or in any e-book format. SEE WHAT THE BIG DEAL IS.
hahah! :) i love you.
#YouAreTheReason why i wake up every morning and smile. i love you guys soo much and couldnt imagine life without you guys
OKAY I WILL. You could always just put it to voicemail!
Bachman got stronger by the Republicans that's good news because if she wins the nomanaition Will Obama defeat her 4 sure
- I was at the publicity dinner for , the show I've just been cast in. We open on the 23rd of Feb. STOKED!
In Dublin & listened to Wood Memorial on phone. Tom Durkin is still a marvelous racecaller. Great call on #gemologist win
We have a couple great newer brews! California IPA, Nut Brown, Old Nate's Pale, American Amber, and of course the Red Wing Red.
And these scars are still shown. When will they heal?
With the customer signing up for these messages voluntarily, the business is already sending notifications to their target demographic.
Ahem. I wish Justin Bieber would hold my belts.
Officially an iPad owner.
Annoying things about womanhood: plucking your eyebrows and there is a stubborn hair you just can't get with the tweezers
LADIES LOVE ME <3333 love that song
Why you gotta be so mean?
really hoping that this season of the amazing race is the last appearance for rachel and brendan on reality tv...
Bombshell of the night! Someone in this room has never heard of Boblo Island
Well deserved!!
me and Pablo are going to try and get into the 8 pm show on to night. Even though it's sold out.
Dad was an audio Engineer for 5 miles of cable and parabolic microphones on Dry lake bed. Cried every time.
Thanks for an amazing event! One of the best! RT: Sold out dinner Amazing Sriracha calamari
I don't even wanna talk about it!
Can't even explain the way I'm feeling this morning, but nothing compares =D
Trips BEFORE would be great also! RT : Yes! Lots more of those. Or trips BEFORE the wedding.
I know i'm the girl you want the most.
Comics A.M. - Archie Tackles Breast Cancer in Cheryl Blossom Story Archie Comics to address breast cancer, healthcare! Paul Gravett on An
Minus that redhead. See ya later
Anyone getting to #Netroots on that Tuesday & need a roomie? Thanks!
Going on my first date tonight to see #TheAvengers and so nervous. Any advice?
looks very similar to mine. :D
It looked like a tornado had hit my office when I got back to work last week, but I think I've FINALLY caught up!
One more #DenverRestaurantWeek meal tonight with and It's so great the week is actually two weeks :-)
We create our own limits.
The Sonoma tourism board just called... They want us both back for a tasting next weekend! If only...
New ‘Hunger Games’ TV Spot, Images, & Official Rating
Cause I'm the Mothafuckin Boss Bitch!!
Here's to the college kids who actually go to class. #gottagethatA #gonnamakethat💰
Finally! Dusting off the board and hittin' the slopes with wifey. Thanks for arriving, snow. #shreddin'
This will be just the start of Bret's "remodeling". Haha. First the Camp. Then the closets, garage, etc
I work in 4 hours. Since I wasn't able to celebrate the 5 I celebrated the 6.
RT : "Hope has 2 daughters, Anger & Courage. Anger at the way things are, courage to make things better than they are." Augustine
yeah tru tru hahaha but have to say in the beginning it seemed like a porn video from all the boobs and butts scenes haha
Congrats to the Lady Irish! Always Number 1 in my book.
John Ladley : "an explosion in semantics"
$5 Tuesday! It's too hot and humid to tan outside--stop into 123 W. Madison today!
no you're not going crazy haha. i noticed that too! :)
its like messi's and pique's goal against real madrid......beautiful back heel!
Had a good day today in New York City today now on my way back to Houston right now
Dear God.. If you Exist I want to talk to you honestly ''we need to talk''...
you can't stop the wave, but you can learn to surf :)
Forgetting what is behind and straining toward what is ahead. ~ Philippians 12:14
Long time coming RT : S.O my nigga , the last of the 21Club..
If anti gay marriage proponents had to sign doc admitting to being bigot before prevent gays from marrying gay marriage would pass tomorrow.
#WeWontWork; if you disrespect your parents.
is Newman your professor?
back from work cant wait to get this place going
It sounds like they want narrative nonfiction? I've been looking for some in the 5th-6th reading lvl too.
Just met adam irogoyien and he totally signed my converse!!!!!! AH!!!!!! :D :D his arm was so warm!!
I'd have to prescribe my music if you need a laugh...
we'll call in the car and ill tell you her name then cuz i dont want people stealing it to get tickets
you were really fired up about it. It's a bummer, better luck next time.
LOVE your music video! Good stuff my talented friend!! Love you!
RT I love what the both of you do for our culture of love keep up the excellent work!
We are still trying to convince one of the writers to see The Smurfs--that will be interesting...
you could run #gridworks on an open IP and port and let other people access it. use -i option for host and -p for port.
#BOYFRIENDReview i'm listening it 123987434 times in aday
yea bro!
i followed him! Much love <3
Don't get 2 comfy relying on your existing clients. Go out and get some new business!
Ditto all that, except it's milk in my coffee
Don't know your secret, but a tail is hard to hide :)
Thanks for a great seminar!
no worries! clean slate :-)
I just ordered a copy of 'My Mother Was an Upright Piano' short stories by - what a great title! Very excited :)
Guess what is supposed to be arriving in the mail today???!!
goodnight sexi sleep tight ;p
Maybe. I've been getting information/studying for at least 4 hours today. All this reading and stuff is giving me a headache. :/
Computer would not boot up because the crappy SATA cable was at an angle. I haven't even touched the inside of my computer for months...
... y soporta flash?
Thanks for tuning in!
At this play
RT : Love adding a little sugar & salt to your vinegar, then making quick pickles w/cuke slices!
Happy Mothers Day to the future mother of my child.
if I was you I would have said so "why are u breaking ur neck to look at my phone?" and make sure he reads it. He'll be like Wtf
#Pisces A slave unto there own desires and imagination, hard to resist, with eyes that show the deepest of hurtful disappointment.
RT : The Young Milwaukee Charitable Organization Inc. proudly presents the 2011 Youth Football Fundraiser. Details at...
Prospective intern just said rescheduling interview is fine because it will "give [him] time to shower."
Pondering on the issue of asking for help.The whole thing is strange.
Don't treat God like you treat yor coworkers...you need to do your share of the work in order to get the blessing...IJS
- Abel Thomas, please DM me ASAP regarding interview today
Okay that's enough safari pictures from last year. Can you tell I'm excited? #IfYouKnowMeWell then you know I love animals. :)
I agree. It's why I moved my daughter to California. I wanted her to know more than white people. ;)
Support the entire purchasing lifecycle through mobile
2012 election almost exclusively defined by the 1%. 196 individual donors provided nearly 80% of super PAC money giving $100,000+ each
An OZONE ACTION ALERT had been issued and is in effect until 4 p.m. tomorrow.
SWAT situation finally over. Got a lot of paperwork to do. Maybe will give us peppy pills so we can stay up and get it all done
YOU ARE YOUR OWN An Artistic Gallery Experience tomorrow! Sat 5-9pm. Dont miss it!!!
Lady saw
This is my 1000 tweet!!!:D
I hope everythings okay.
Just saw "The Dictator." It was Aladeen.
Made appointment last week to look at 8 potential new offices today. Now only 5 are left. Economy is turning around in Seattle.
Thanks for all the RT's people! Keep doin what you're doin!! The 505 rocks!
Enjoying one of the better social media presentations I have seen by
I wish she was here now so i can get it
Drive for Charity just one week from today! $1 from every trip donated to local charities. Goal is $30,000! SBXThe125.com
OMG. WANT! RT : Egg scramble breakfast burrito on whole wheat tortilla with salsa, and of course coffee!
No dad I won't get a haircut it's 2012
May 5th taste of the triangle. $20 in advance, $30 at door!
Im going to get a lot done today! Gotta keep working hard.
Marketing then party with
The debate crowd is extremely well behaved tonight.
Moreover, the online retailers are not only the suppliers of printer ink, they also supply equipment and fax machine cartridges
I'm just going toned bye ! So stop !
thanks so much! i'm so glad you like it! :)
These baskets have microphones, this event should be rated NC-17 for language.
Are you holed up somewhere working on an outline/script?
I have seen enough to know that I have seen too much...
#Avengers rocked.
Good Earth Tea!!!!
I can't believe I hadn't bought Of Mice & Men's album until today. It's so good...
PIERRE is stock in traffic. We'll get #Metro Center a little late. Stay tuned for arrival.
I hear rye does wonders. Awesome story coming in email soon re: ruthless rye
Our event planners will help you with all the details of your next party. Let us do the work!
I see that Dave Nash is my rep. I know Dave! He's such a great guy. Thanks again for your help!
Apparently also saw the one presentation I really needed to see! Might call you on Mon. about that Matt.
Wow. I wonder what that dude thinks IS a well-written show.
everyone be sure to tag in your sports tweets from now on
Watched Killian in The Armando Show IO West tonite. Lots of laughs!
smart move...us too!
Oh, I can see behind the curtain. The wheels are cranking, turning. It's all wrong the way we're working.
did you get caught in the traffic of the rollover accident on the Palmetto too?
Super schlick! And it better be...:) Love the different length bios, esp. "Interminable Length"
read the previous tweets and the new article on the site.
if i was a girlfriend i never let u go..
MARY KELP AND SPLASHLEY, CRUSTACEAN DOMINATION, SHELLY.
Never! Plus, 4 p.m. is prime time!
Heading out to the meeting! Industry night! You know what that means!
you're welcome! Inspired me as a pregnant woman with first child on way!
We are at Zappos again today. Thursday we will try Vegas.com one more time.
No problem~ How's everything with the band going?
man its been a while but I'm back! Checking all my messages. Lots of thanks for the rt's etc.
so hot in my house #cantstandit!😞
My reality just set it.
Apparently a 5.6 centered in Richmond...being told to go back to work.
how's my future look Nostradamus?
By taking this action, I hope that I will have hastened the start of the healing.
My thoughts and prayers are with Please know we are all thinking of you and hope you get well soon.
Here are some of our top picks for the best quotes of all time on business:
would need the dual-ply #shamwow for this mess!!
Please stop by 's Blue Santa Breakfast tomorrow, 12/2 from 6-10am! Bring a new, unwrapped toy & get free hot breakfast! See u there!
yea dats my jam.long heel.ha ha
need to meet this team in person!
Misconception that "everyone can do art" but "only a few can do science". Art can help make science less intimidating
season is over
darn you...so bad 4 my diet! Didn't need to know about They r too close to home!
if you aren't too busy, could you check out my new livestream for church? How is it? www.livestream.com/fcgvin
I realized the Grand Old Party was over when you booed the Golden Rule.
hey! We print on sweatshirts, pants, jackets, bags. We can help you get hats embroidered if you need them. What are you thinking?
#MoviesThatShouldntBeRemade "The Players Club"
Lol my bro is only 16 months and he's already trying to do flips!! Lol
This AP class brings my confidence down -.-
Anastasia has pretty clothes...
Bridal veil is blooming in our neighborhood. Makes me think of small towns, front porches and the book "Dandelion Wine."
Happy Thurs lovely! How are the morning workouts going? Take the Nike approach: Just DO it! ;) Plus we have sun early now. Yaay!
Born to be Wild is the cutest movie ever. The baby monkeys and elephants are precious. 🐘🐵💜
Are you local to Portland, OR and need custom shirts? Schedule to check out our showroom of samples before you order! :)
Without local bands, there would be no national bands.
Still reeling from all the #NFL news today. Holy hanabells.....
glory to your underwear.....
We need more followers the next 5 who follow will receive a free class call 2017636677
Red solo cup... I fill you up...
I would love to be one of your five fans!!!
“: hacked by Spikey Mikey:-)”
New video almost complete keep ya eyes open fa it
Thanks for the follow Kamal!
Thank you for bringing out the evil in me b****
Thanks so much for the RT!
I am a mess.
Finally found some time to film a new video today. Now to the editing room. More tips on how to get bikini ready should be uploaded soon.
Great visit this morning with Sen. Hunt at Harps Mill Creative School. Big thanks to Dir. Amanda Kowski and staff who were wonderful hosts!
creative motivation: The greatest revenge is 2 accomplish what others say u cannot do
Enjoyed my meal @ Fogo de Chao...I'm so stuffed and sleepy!
This this class be over already...
Keep the Beat LA chant going because you're still getting shutout 3-0 right now. Heyoooo!
Hey follow back so I can DM you about your acting class .. Thanks
paid 1million $ in support, never went to jail over it. Pay ur support guys. It's not Gretchen's response ability to pay it.
To all out Waldo Cooney fans, have a great Monday.
I don't know how lesbians do it. I REALLY don't like other girls. Girls are bitches.
We had a wonderful time! Thanks for having us.
can we skype really really soon please?
Wow, Safari is unbelievably fast.
It amazes me how somehow everyone ends up being connected in one way or another.
RT : Walk around this AM in Oliver. Using BMore 311 app to report dump sites.
aw that's really nice ^.^ thank you so much (: so are you , and i like your hair! :)
Time vs $. My time is cherished because I can't hit rewind; however, lost $ can be made up.
Yes, do, next time you're here. Hope Breanne is OK. She's so nice
Sarah who?
there are worse things than being stuck in Paris, one of my favorite cities... can I get stuck there/
i think my laptop is having a seizure
I just realized that my kiln full of student work has been on low since 9am. Completely forgot about turning it up all day.
Sandless sandbags- Looking for serious investors to make this product thrive
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. - Jim Morrison
I'm going to work it out! I know you are doing BIG things.
hey brother
I forget 2 use twitter sumtimes but i nvr forget about whos on it, i love u all and thank u for being there for me!!<3
We & kids are on precision timing to get the door each morning. Today I dragged & made Mrs late. So, I delivered hot oatmeal to her office.
GOP Reps. Ron Paul and Justin Amash (a Paul fan) vote no on Lena Horne Recognition Act. Measure passes 410-2.
": Drake and josh is on tv I repeat drake and josh is back on."
please follow back it would make my day big time! :D xoxo love u : )
... of course I'd have to have some evil tendencies in the drawing, something dark with her. Hmm.
Glad you could make it to Austin. Don't party too much, big day tomorrow at #innotech RT Howdy, Austin. Great to be here.
I want to move to a different country! #notfeelingithere SOME people are to superficial.
you just pissed off TONS of #UK fans!
I play some
I ain't no bro though.
H Hoops too much on the glass pull away in the end to win 73-54 over D1 Ambassadors to advance to the tourney Championship
So happy thats its finally may
Not digging the #emmys, if you're going to go cheezy satirical, at least give us Gervais!
Greek the freak out
nah umma still b both but not rappin no more
Loved it, but Dare Iz a Darkside is my favorite
Sharing the gospel at the Henna Party Workshop
I liked it. appealed to my angsty teen girl sensibilities (both the book & the movie). did you read the book?
it is about $15.00 for his book on amazon.. i just ordered mine yesterday and will get it friday or saturday!!
In this bitch till 7
hahaha We're definitely related. Next plan: take on a new city. #Chicago or
I'm glad I am not the only person that hates that band.
What is your favorite era for the JSA. I have to say the early 2000s were excellent for the JSA.
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions.....Im putting up the one half in the bank && the other half, myself, my family && fiance are going HARD :-)
#APSA Virtual Brown Bag Series: Landed A Job, Now What? starting now!
: opening line....Dont hate me, hate the the money i make..... classic
check my last TFLN retweet... I think you'll like it
Holy H that was a great basketball game. Unfortunately I wasn't cheering for Kansas.
Bored sad
The Lions defense is giving Brees too much time!!!
Our roommate claims that there are areas in Ohio that are nothing. No government. Emptiness.
A fun day for Playdate w/ the Bearcats, 2-5pm to raise $ for ! Hope to see you there!
I Had A Great Day W/ BestFriend , Caro & :D
School/house work.
Thighs shakin toes curling scratchin my back n jerkin ya head my heart stop den i pull out n watch u wet da bed
weird. I was with that guy tonight. I looked up the closest tweets, and I find you :) hi!! I'm kristie :)
I'm done with fb. YAY!! now on to google plus or something. i mean right now i have a blog. and a livejournal and ten thousand other things
thanks! I'm glad you like the site.
#SmackDown what are u saying because USA USA rocks
Booked a late return flight to Texas so I can watch the Spurs playoff game
follow me Sarah? your beautiful! xox
I can't wait to get home to lay down
happens to us all. Hope you had a great weekend!
Your body is just the place your memory calls home.
Did u know Dwntn Miami residents that bring a cork into tonight get 10% off!?
Yup. They're all really good. You'd most likely like it. I haven't met a person that hasnt lol. I used to not care for sushi either
sure thing!
So many tweets about Game of Thrones inducing "(nerd) boners", yet no one has made the obvious connection of calling them "Throners". Sad.
In every victory there is joy! "The king REJOICES in your strength, LORD. How great is his JOY in the victories you give!" Psalms 21:1
I'm a #ProudBull MT : 65-54 victory over Cal is first-ever win for #USF men's basketball team in NCAA Tourney!
Ha! It's not until next month. I'm going to Memphis this week for the Distance Library Services conf
and the truckers from New Jersey delivering China made to Menards! Count them too!
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1 plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate 4 Cleve Clerk of Courts
Looking forward to some home brewed stout to bring in the New Year! What beers are you having tonight?
Just about time for Day 2, Keynote is New ARL Best Practices in Fair Use for Academic and Research Libraries
well, hello there!
Tomorrow we are going to meet up w/ Eric from Camera Can't Lie and book dates to record with him! who's excited??
Thanks for the lunch delivery, and great prezzo! My 3 p.m. cookie snack was also delicious!
I wish my brain would go to sleep. My body is cussing it out!
meshia you shut up !.
Ill do it later i gotta go off now. Sorry :/
RT : .. officiating in college hoops is laughable compared to pros. [that's impossible!]
I've got 3 page done out of 5. Homestretch! I just need to stop taking breaks. Impossible because I love breaks!
I'll have another!!!! Dude was in my top 3 picks!!!
what band is that?
": Goodmornin to the sweetest have a gr8 day ma!!!"...good morning boo boo and thank you....u too!
Wonderful point! T4: Why would we want new technology innovation to stop?
New icon (:
Just dropped my son off at a wrestling clinic with Olympians Spenser Mango & Nate Engle. How cool is that?!
That awkward moment when you see 9 year olds with boyfriends or girlfriends, while you're still single.
My last tweet made me laugh to myself, and it was not even that funny, at all.
that's what I missed most when I was in Indy!
they call me mr 100! they call you chris jr
forgot how fun terror tuesday is. even when the bad film is bad bad and not good bad.
It's Crazy That You Feel That Way. But Yet Here I Still Am.
are you backk?? Are we going to the stand up comedy thing????
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Tom VanHorn
If we were to recycle/re-write some songs from the Reviler EP for an upcoming release, what songs would you want?!
amen ms.meyers.bless day to u n ur staff..
Thank heaven for the screw top.
do you have any extra passes for Mirror Mirror, American Reunion, or something else for this weekend?
That was a fast and furious 5 minutes of hockey; these guys are playing as though it's Game 7. Love the passion and intensity!
Yup! GM to my Cancers Once determined you cannot shake a #Cancer's mind. They'll see through to the end.
Love the guesses so far! Some of you are getting warmer...warmer... #PXYSJ ^Raph
un diner presque parfait
He gave me poetry... he was my first...
^ I figure that if the children are alive when I get home, I've done my job. Roseanne Barr
Y.O.L.O #HHE #BPR the take over is HERE!!
u done..
thank you, sir!
Your bathroom smelled better
didn't mean it like that
Great idea! I mean, the beaches here are nice too ;-)
congrats guys! xo
If her boobs are the same size as her fists
Oh you've given some thought? I mean it would only b smart since you're already under
Only wish I could try some of the free samples.
Where did VIP sell out?
Alabama Shakes!
I wish I could be omw to Oakland :(
please make my wish come true nd follow me back!!♥ #NeverSayNever!(:
why so many people gotta be jelly tho?
@ FCC/Knight Foundation Digital Inclusion Summit
so close yay!
Anyone want to tell me how to cure my mom's pain?
I actually already had a bunch of beastie boys songs loaded to start one. RIP.
A needed break from finals prep. Tons of new footage in #LostLandscapes of SF & hugs from old friends Moriah U & !
lol! get yours *MC Breed voice"
Mock turtles all the way down.
Too hypothetical, impossible! Learning w/o facilitation? RT : Q2) What if the "Learning" dept only focused on learning
Happy St. Patricks Day! Walk-ins welcome! Men clipper cut $15, women get a BLow Out and cut $30. 5135 s fort apache rd.
my patna had some. He sold his though
It's Friday, 85 & Sunny. Let's Sonic! #Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd. Exit 18 West off 695.
Hi Cheryl! Hope travels are treating you well this week!
Su, su, sushi. Chocolate covered bacon (on a stick) tomorrow!
Just registered for tomorrow! Looking forward to meeting peers and sharing in the awesomeness of this industry. Thanks sponsors!
i guess he likes eggs
Ok Marry The Night is growing on me!!! God damn you lady gaga
The Houston Hoops 16u are off to a great start this weekend ...finished 3-0 in pool play. Bracket play starts at 7:15pm tonight.
Follow me and ill follow you #teamfollowback tweet more biatch
thank god for performances guarantees at guitar center
If it keeps raining lift ur thoughts above the clouds. The sun is just hidden. Success is as well it is just covered by cloudy thinking
I can draw on paper quite good actually, but on an ipod, I draw like a 3 year old.
#IA2011 attendees - come let your inner kid out to play tonight!
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone!!
i love you follow me plisssssssssssssssssss 1
Emotionally: I'm done. Mentally: I'm drained. Spiritually: I'm dead. Physically: I smile. -- Lost™ ()
I'm 1,225 miles away from Austin but distance doesn't mean a thing. I will ALWAYS support him, when I stop will be when I stop breathing.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I- I took the one less travelled by, and that has made all the difference. - Robert Frost
Shit turns out different than u expect ..!
lol I see!!
Thomas Troward on the process of visualization: "Having SEEN and FELT the end, you have willed the means to the realization of the end."
Congrats to Matt Kuchar on his win today!
watch you'll be just as obsessed as I am haha! Best of luck. =p
Noted sir...kill it! ": not sure of the number, but faster than that guy who played Chad Bradford in Moneyball. :)"
Dew Tour first day I'm spinnin at the bottom of peak 8 at the T-Bar starting at 2pm! Life in the Mountains Holla!
It's Been A Long Time Since I Heard "Airplanes (feat. Hayley Williams) - B.o.B" It's A Great Song, I Love <3
My lil brother just pored all these cracker jacks on ma carpet ma room deserves betterCouple wks ago he spilled milk all on the floor:"(
Yup! RT : Sure, many of us didn't get our first choice in #GOP candidate for POTUS, but it's time to unite to defeat OBAMA!
#TGIF Thanks God 4 blessing me wit another new day, & another new start. Hope everybody has a great day & enjoy the weather :)
I got your package and I love it! Thank you so much! Will send you a proper email tonight. :)
Green Red Green Red Green Red... Coffee... Done!
Wahh up early to go back to school only 2more weeks of classes
The greatest thing this heart can achieve, is to find something worth to dream, and baby, you are the dream
I bet you do(; haha
No, actually I don't haha. I'm on that 85% status. High five!
peer review may be good, as long as the peers are in the field & not superimposing CS values on bio code.
short weekend, need more rest.
I am currently #mixing a house/electronic project by producer McMurray and a single by Mellina
Death penalty? Raids? "Institutions will try to preserve the problem to which they are the solution." -- Clay Shirky
U at Joy Of Game?
: I love Catch Me. Story of my love life lol
I also liked "Sleepy-time when you can!"
At wedding last night. Bride's sister gave kind, heartfelt toast. Groom's brother discussed his boyhood hygiene & booger obsession. Why???
Douchey college students have their Spring Break ruined in classic B-horror fashion in "Hungry Hungry Hippos"
In Sarasota FL for "The Planking Song" Video Shoot.
Q3: Cappuchino with whipped cream and chocolate chips
we find it's hard to truly master typing while depending on auto-correct. There's no way to reach truly fast speeds with a crutch.
Up early after a long shoot last night need Coffee, bagel, and blessing from above ok I'm ready.
And silver for High Arctic too. (No mention of the amazing audio sadly!?)
Men marry women with the hope they will never change. Women marry men with the hope they will change. Invariably they are both disappointed.
Super excited to see at vs kings on March 24th
Shattered the screen on my iPhone. Now tweeting hurts my finger tips
Hi there! Thanks for the follow!
I feel like quotin songs............whoever can tell me where these songs are from......they will get a shoutout!!...who's ready
what's wrong with him?
The average city dweller sees over 5000 advertising messages a day, and counting.
"Once God has given you awareness, awareness demands action." - myself :) Kathryn Bonner - What have you become aware of?
thanks for your wonderful leadership!
we will see who's a football school next season! Top 5 ranking, ACC champs and a BCS bowl win
Listserv descends into argument over the term "Bro-Choice." Someone complains about argument. New argument about said complaint ensues.
My best friend messages me today after a million years ! #awesome ! (:
Ppl is so immature!! Asshole you laughed so hard that I heard your fucking voice in the back on the voicemail your stupid ass friend left me
nothing much man you need to come see your god daughter and niece fam! They getting super big!!!!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy so heres my number so call me maybe and all the other boys try and chase me
men don't wear safely equipment or read instructions lol
How iz I'm posta go to class online if my online ain't twirkin?
Oh crap... In Living Color on tv. I still laugh
Finally! The congregation gets to sit down.
Position yourself with Power...
lol, he had 31 in 3 quaters. The coach benched him cause they were getting smacked!
Aye aye aye! I'm sorry! Let me bug them....
I'll call you when i get home, boo! I'm at the mall right now
the flu :)
Some really hot girls dressed in some great costumes.
lol naw you don't. You just said girl always right!
I'm back
That's all she wrote for the show today. Troy will be back for his favorite day of the week (Friday) tomorrow at 10am!
a zip and a double cup
Yo MKE hit me up if you want some Dead Mans Carnival tickets for this Friday at Turner Hall.
No surpise here... CIA is just a WASP Mafia for American Corporate Interests. Seriously; they operate using same methods.
": In case anyone was unsure, #SportingKC has confirmed Harrington will start at left back Saturday."
RT : Closed! I am now the proud owner of a new house!
Attending the #BMAchicago event around sales enablement. Our sweet spot!
Cooking a steak....m
Looking to connect some "Active Dots" USA Musicians Business Networking. Creative Collective Marketing - Online Marketing Musicians Network.
your tweets be on some other ishh !!!! Lls
Had a good day with and :)
He spoke highly of you. He also will make the Philly trip. Now it's my turn with !!!
Man I swear Louisville gonne be right back on the next "48 Hours"
We have the flashy jacket wearing, bad comb over rocking, fast skating crowd covered in this years Super Bowl #Century21 ,
what time are y'all planning on getting down there?
"A business should be run like an aquarium, where everybody can see what’s going on." -Jack Stack in the
Amen to that!! #Blessings your way!
All done instagramin, check it out haha.
Went to A lunch and we wasn't sposed to , that shit was boring af and I lost my seats. Bout to go to C lunch too!
RT #realIvyLeague good look thanks for the
Who has home improvement projects planned for this weekend?
#IfIWasPresident I'd slide down the American Flag pole every day like Mario when you get to the end of the level
love to lick it good and wet, shove my rock hard cock up in your tight hole, dump off my baby batter then i'm going to...
Stupid shot we killin dem inside keep going
"There is a Gold Mine, in your Goal Mind." ~ Denis Waitley
Slaved away on proposal literally all friggin weekend long + *still* not done. Got til 5pm deadline today tic toc damn
This week will be all about work work work :\... On the bright side I can't wait to go shopping after haha 👗👙👠😊
Saltmarsh and others #engaged: social entrepreneurship is big part of innovation/entrepreneurship often overlooked.
It seems like every time I'm in no mood to talk everybody wanna call me.
We'll have to check on that and get back to you ASAP, Amy!
On my way to Central Washington University whoo
Always be a gentleman.
*kaitlyn leans against the wall* and says "DO ME!!" (:
Are you getting ready for St Patrick's Day yet? We sure are!! Make sure to stay tuned for what's coming up!
I'm pretty sure that in memoir #2 she recants everything from memoir
Hey Doll! (: xx
whoa... I'm straight like Indian hair then
Been a great week at the San Francisco School of Bartending! Looking forward to using my newfound skills.
Thoughts and prayers with family of Dick Powell.
NBA Players & Owners have reached a tentative deal to end the leagues month long lockout . It's about Damn TIME !!!
ok that's more than 1 hahahah thanks
hahah omg love why didnt u call me? hope ur okay?!
TheFreshSnapback.bigcartel.com is where cheap snapbacks is! every thing is FREE SHIPPING Over 50 different styles! x1
We'll see ya tonight, Oxford, OH!
shouldnt u be announcing summer tour datess!?!! I cant wait any longer !!
Funny. “: Today's the day we start "treasure hunting" .... er, I mean, doing room checks through the residence halls. #reslife”
Thats that sh*t i DON'T like!!!
Till he's hurt too. MT : Though Maldonado is a solid guy, saw him play in Syracuse. Could make smooth transition to fill a hole
Tom is amazing!
Hurry the effffffffff up and graduate already!
You're in for a great time! Welcome to our city!
Being present is a Gift.
I may leak a new track from hardship breeds talent 2 in a few mins... Why not
That sounds like an awesome and eventful Mother's Day! Glad you had a great day!
what are you doing?
Does anyone else miss Paul Kinsey as much as i do?
Best of show.RT : Wow. That Chrysler ad just made me proud to admit that I'm from Detroit for the first time in decades.
hah thanks girl!
Omg the afflac duck beat boxin is really disturbing O.O
when the band reaches the level of "likes" that it wants, what exactly is supposed to happen then?
And you only go to help the ill about 1 or 2 times a week. #andiammental?Figure it out?And that comedian oh yeah he never writes
no problem(:
I would go ahead and shower but the brew ain't cold yet.
Tory Gilldred provided good wine, food and location so friends could support our work. Thanks to all who contributed to a successful event!
Omg......I forgot my atm crd at hme....I'm at wrk...aghhhh!!!...hw am I going to survive?
follow please?
#liesbrokepeopletell "oh shit I left my money at the crib! Cop me and ill hit you back when I get to the house."
tweeting Austin while peeing Lauren? Nice multi-tasking
you're welcome! :o)
just shot some beats your way
Had to show someone my Destructoid debit card to prove I'm the founder. Most don't verify ... you too can be our founder at any GDC party!
On the bright side, I'm officially done with my first year of college... Now just #finals -.-
still waiting and next bus (10:12) was due 3 min ago...
I'm sorry, but it's deplorable that Mauer did not get that run in. How much is he making again??
We are getting excited for the Bears Game Today!!! Take down the Pack with us!
Thanks for the RTs and Mentions! Happy Friday :)
follow please?????
I really really like bruno mars like really really
I knew I was missing something just listening to the radio!
maybe just a little. I'm the same with records. Lol. Hope ur having a great day.
Madison got so much taller, my baby(': <3333
Acknowledgement / Resolution / Pursuance / Psalm
Need some DITA info: multilevel numbering in appendices. Anyone have a good method?
Hell of a game by the Yanks! Well done fellas!!!
I was going to answer one of your questions, and then I decided I wouldn't even guess.
More like Blair splash project. I just vomited.
lethargic, pain at the injection site, no eating/drinking
Bingo tonight at 7!! It's free and lots of fun:)
Thank you!! We really enjoyed your visit, too :)
MT : Word from Fuller family that Devin will be in Tucson next Tuesday & Wednesday.Get red carpet ready.
I've never been scared to say something that I want to say
True but I thought we mostly had to in that league.
I think its safe to say I have a crazy ex .
say hello > im on one
Whoa, calm down ;DD Aha, we're so cool, we give penguins the chills B)
Her best friend was the same way with Victoria's husband. Hampton Ho
No man, I'm just teasing. RT haha!....would you hold it against me if I said I was a fan?
two tweets in one day? I should think you must need sleep!
haha! yes, that makes sense. :) lol thanks for answering. Have you tried an iced hazelnut latte? it's good.
art gallery time! checking out exhibits closing at The Public Trust & the And/Or Gallery, Dallas.
I strained my calf.
Shit crazy when your lil cuz tell you that you can't fuck with dis person because his girl don't like that person. If that's not fuck up
Up early taking kids to bus stop, man forget this I'm going back to sleep when I come back...#teamzzzzz's lol
I have the opposite issue. I have great music at work but not great when I work out.
A favorite book from my youth- Are You There God It's Me Margaret- is challenged book. Glad my access to it wasn't blocked
RT : A-Cab struck out looking?! Really???
Isn't it!! That is a 4-year-old kid!! I'm all for breastfeeding, but at this age, he can get his nutrients from solid food!
lol forreal.. Hopefully for my b-day I can tho
I hate it when my boyfriend calls me and ruins my sexting fun.
Great debate tonight. did a fantastic job.
Omg. About to piss myself from punkd. Someone come cuddle with me. Literally terrified. 👎
Off to the gym with my baby Another great day!
no we do not. We have our own hangers. :)
Bright colored denim is all the rage! Check out for your hottest pair!
So sorry about the delayed response to your email! I've been swamped but I'll hit you back asap, love :D
you hang up when you call me...ok
awesome! I hope you're enjoying it Sue. It's a marvelous grape (brings out the angel in all of us)!
I would certainly be interested in just such an exchange my good man.
its hard work sitting on your ass today
Wow beautiful! Thank you for sharing.
Follow us Claudio!
"One love, one heart, let's get together and feel alright"
Spencer REID = OMG ! FUCK ME, BABY !
Every time I hear "Ayy Ladies" I think of That song just has that N.O. bounce too it.
Looking for other History related twitter folks to add or feature as guest history or travel bloggers.
DeLeo estimates 91 communities are leveraging a new collective bargaining law, a number that "even surpasses my own expectations.
so what are you up to?
Why does every photographer in Santa Fe list themselves as wedding shooters? Ugh. Can't find a pure photojournalist.
Are you about to be done with school?
yeah...how u get it
« "One of the trademarks of a champion is that he can outlast you." -Lou Brock»
Not surprising. #Storytelling is difficult and scary, and no one will admit that press releases are largely ineffective.
my belt broke once, i used a shoelace, that broke too, i used a tie and never went back
MY BIRTHDAY'S ON THURSDAY AH. I'm excited cause I keep thinking about it. Hahaha.
I know I was just kidding :p
Excited about my iPad but I'm afraid it won't be delivered before the Expressive sale is over :(
So proud that when I left Cali and came to Cornell, I stepped out on faith and said "I want all the safety nets cut."
x-man to the next man,people who cheat end up alone,old and horny in the future
After last Saturday and Tuesday, we'll take optimism in any form.
:) I swear im really feelin U right noww yoo .
spoke too soon it's back. Hooray
Should I tell you that I like you since the first time I saw you?? +I'm just kidding (.____.)'
it's an enjoyable jersey, I'm unique!
haha awww ur cute!! I might start doing this
He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. — Friedrich Nietzsche
The beauty with the beast
PLANNING A COMMUNION...? Partners In Sound is currently running a COMMUNION SPECIAL! FOR MORE INFO CALL 718.967.7347
#MegaIIN Anyone from #healthcoaches from #Miami? Tweet me!
Yes. And tempeh meatloaf.
Utopia's a practice.
We connect service providers to Employers and charge a fee for the connection. We also will be selling add space and classified jobs.
Today's society reward people for standing out. Unfortunately it's usually a negative action that gets the most attention.
Now tell me this.. Why would OU have Big Event and the Spring Game on the same day?? I want to go to the Spring Game!
whats needed is simple Dave. We just need to do one thing. start loving each other that's the real need LOVE for each other.
Oh, kind of broke my no-TV-for-May rule. Well, it's been a long day. And it's Modern Family!
are harry and louis still going to live with each other?:)
haha i suck at football-___-
it sucks to watch him lave but don't forget about the 06 playoffs when Adam whineright stuck him out looking but he should help
It was really great to meet you! I'm so excited for all the #Virginia LOVE during Historic Garden Week.
True Blood marathon, what a way to unwind after my cleaning frenzy.
My phone just started playing nsync in the middle of a quiet classroom I can't
i miss him :(
ha! wish it was me they came to see....
Deja Blue, Goodwill's boutique, opens today at 303 University in Cherry Creek. Are you coming? Get over here!
hahahaa that's ridiculous! I mean.. Does he really want it or what!?
have you got a livestream going on?
only one episode?
you have great taste
Today I've done nothing. Absolutely nothing, and it was everything that I thought it could be.
About to go crazy in this house.
RT “How can you live the high life if you do not wear high heels?” -Sonia Rykiel
Your breath is the voice of your soul. Have a great weekend. Peace and Blessings.
40TB Data a day. Citizen scientists can save the day. They have proved it.
Good move guys. Keep branching out to new markets.
damn i said i wud b the only girl tht dnt lik him but no i do!!
RT : Kids learning to write? Check out this handwriting worksheet maker://t.co/pnmtopk6 - used similar sites...very helpful!
I saw that movie in 6th grade and fell asleep! haha but now I cry like a baby, so good!
RT : A1. Being a positive role model for my children <--- most def!
Hell of a video.
We are going to be freezing soon
Sweet! Thanks!
S/o to my new follower !
When there is no food in my house :'(
#latin quote of the day - Nemo accusator caret culpa; omnes peccavimus." - Not one accuser lacks guilt; we have all done wrong/sinned."
Our conversations, me and her
Tweeting a lot of pics cause I'm bored :)
that was the worst thing I've ever seen
Can I see you!? We can discuss the fact that we both have Maira Kalman backgrounds on our Twitter profile pages.
Looking forward to working with you!
Wow. This is Life? This is Life! My life. Thank you God.
Grammy Award-Winning and World Renounded Musicians at LevittLA's Free Summer ... - PR Web (press release)
ps next bf: i can practically swallow a grapefruit. ;)
single life ...
Superb night for a garden party with , & friends from Berlin - jetlag remedy: get a little drunk in perfect co.
You sound pissed.
#69Factsaboutme 8. I love Avenged Sevenfold.
haha yeah tell me about it. I teach english and year 7,8 and 9 make me feel ancient :( dya see anyone from school? X
based on their newfound physiques they might work out together too
Oh so happy you enjoyed it!!!
My Nye finally went down the steps by hiself :) im so proud of him
Does anyone believe that paul Solman of PBS offers balanced journalism? No wonder PBS can't get public funding.~D
Bioresearch monitoring QA for all new health products. Simple acronym that means a world of product development.
20 is a protest, 50 is a problem, 100s would spell end of fIreland.
haha no, lies! :P
Gainsville, Texas. The only place worse than Louisiana.
"Dos and Big Papa" would have made a dynamite hip-hop duo.
finish what you started
Quote of the Day: A smile can start a conversation without saying a word.
eating at cici's with my mom and little brother ^-^ turned out to be a good day :)
shut up.
it's not that bad. maybe a 5? lol.
“: You have to give atheists as much respect as u christians want .. Only way shit can get somewhere” exactly
With soccer in the top spot the Top 10 has it
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN !You have came so far,I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3 13
he sitting over here ask 2 many questions damn
me too! I also save all the non-palatable produce scraps for stock
Whoever decided that #realhousewives should be a show should be slapped and then slapped again.
So proud that Americans have gone to the White House to celebrate with chants of "USA, USA" and singing of the National Anthem!
Hehe FUNNY! ( Angry/sad face) I'm a cowboy! Not rodeo clown! Stereotypes! HOWS U BRAH and will you follow me?
your twitter has been hacked and is sending malware DMs to people. You may want to change your pw, check what apps you...
awesome! Thanks for the tip!
Grants need to include a component for library resources both before and after publication of articles is one suggested solution.
I'm so ready for summer. :D
Detroit is the center of opportunity!
Russell Martin just perfected a flop at home plate
#tiredAF Good Night . off to #dreamland .
Listened to The Break-Up Single. Solid. Maybe could've fit into the Drive soundtrack?
Eating is not very Chanel-like behavior.
Granddaughters homework time
Mail has been really crashy this morning. Like a half-blind retiree on the way to the store.
Forget hugs. I'm going to tackle him when I see him.
What u see is what you get and you Aint seen nothing yet!
YES YES YES. We wanna see it :P
Connie advises to not drink raspberry leaf - it's great for nursing moms, but not early in pregnancy.
not doing all at this very moment, but those are our fave things to do at random. xo
Not really, but still.
