#TGIF #TGIF #TGIF Stop in for a quick dinner before you go into weekend mode! We're open 'til seven!
I hate Arabic.
“: Aww, I always knew you were smart. Yay for #RonPaul love!” lol
how soon before Victor Cruz has a national salsa (dancing) endorsement? This kid is a star rising fast.
Make sure to be careful when biting into hard candies (like those little candy hearts), especially if you've had dental work such as bonding
your welcome! Good luck today!
I've tweeted 5 times (now 6) in one day. That's a record for me. I think I've graduated from Twitter novice. Congrats to me!
yep. some other elite names I've heard tossed around as well.
started to refer to it as #headgirl but that.... Ain't right! Lol!!
#kids Hunger Must Die - Food Drive!: Hunger Must Die - Food Drive! from Friday, May 18, 2012 at 8:00 PM to Saturday, May 19, 2012 at 2:00...
Addicted to "Steve Jobs" biography. Great read so far.
Happy Valentine's Day
I learned about the Blood/Crypts as well as creating and maintaining your own rebel Cartel group today in class. Badass!
it was so good ! I'll be needing that recipe ;)
THR & Google&#39;s Pre-White House Correspondents Party in DC: Red Carpet Interviews
Robert, thanks for connecting! Can I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis
#420 craziness @ Natt Spil tonight! If you smoke enough just might appear. He def seemed real to us last Sunday
Nite! Are you gonna be at #SLS12 this year? ... Goodnight techno-listening, gadget-loving, website-hacking, lulz-loving friends.
Just saw Wantoot artist Gustav Reyes at the Smithsonian Craft Show in Washington fantastic work! Congrats to Ron Dekok for the Silver award!
How long does Rush have to remain on the air for you to admit that your boycott didn't work?
Congrats!!!! That's what I'm talking bout..pursing and living the dream>great job!
I found the timeline at The Knot to be very helpful, but beware the marketing on the site - it's a little overwhelming
it was long but good
John Was On This Phone Hella Quiet . .Lol
I'm at J Durham buying the bar like a real nigga
what u talkin about? I am the owner
Fantastic!! We're planning a fun event with a lot of #SM activities. I look forward to seeing you there!
Man im to real for that..I sware somebody got a be time
that's one beautiful baby! Welcome to the world, Brighton!
AAAHHHHH!!! It's Yoga Day!
She call me Papi and I say ven aqui ..
We think this goes for eating right and getting fit! "Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." -Jim Ryan
Killing the wetdream
The moon is winning. Did you know moonrise can vary by an hour and a half day to day? I did not know this. #SuperMoon jerk.
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.
Wait wutttt... I'm confused. Is Geo's birthday today or Apirl 3rd. STOP CONFUSING ME~
yeah i agree. the #brooklynhalf hype is kind of contagious but it seems smart to wait.
haha no I'm the boss in this situation :)
Oh God, I hope you're not stuck in FRA too long. Torture airport.
Pierce hurts knee, status for Game 5 uncertain
Joe Biden Without a Cause
A big thanks goes out to the team & for an amazing experience last night!
Awesome opening match!! Way to Go, so Happy!!!
I use to teach in Chestertown : )
PLEASE have some facts ready before blindly swinging in the dark... that never ends well, but great entertainment 4 all.
Thanks for following!
Make sure to turn on #8newsnow at 8am for #Race4Cure w/ &
check my past pics to see more
Thanks. I'm going to email u right now.
happy birthday <3333 love you :)
Why you asking all these questions?
“: If your teams gm is getting ready for the NBA draft #donteventalktome ” lmaoo
yall just needa come to Knoxville more
yes... Woth anniversary service is free.
Loved NCAA championship when said she's a #twitter junkie more like
there's an even cuter one of her and being sleeping twins but I wasn't allowed to post it :(
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: Have PATIENCE!
Add me to the long list of silent-no-more #ghostcatchers fans. I wanna share them with co-workers, but they wouldn't understand...
But there are girls watching.
If happiness n love is sabliminal is it true Is it real or is it just another disappointment n the making wile u believe that its something
FUN TIMES Take pictures
I guarantee you'll still be funny lookin'
I'm in a #80ies #Madonna state of mind! It's always inspiring!! :D
I'd just go back to bed if I were you ===> Just broke my iPhone I have a feeling that this is just foreshadows my entire day
Sucks i have no xbox.
Running a leadership workshop at the International Center for Entrepreneurial Development Conference in Baltimore!
Tom Cruise on the cover of W Magazine is so creepy it makes me want to write horror stories.
that message made my night!
John Barry: "We are talking about Ron Artest, not Metta Weird Peace"
Hoping Octavia Spencer wins an Oscar! The mirror reflects.
What do you think about having some sort of contest on Black Friday for a chance to win a free download of my album? :) Details to come...
they shouldn't have made ryan have brown contacts in the notebook his eyes look beady
The knowledge my father passes down to me is priceless. Grateful he is my father.
hahah yeah don't even know
I am not heartened that Sloss Furnaces, an Industrial Epic took eight years to write.
Elvis Presley. Kurt Cobain. Eazy E. Tupac. Biggie. Michael Jackson. Imagine the world of music today if these people were still alive....
Congratulation to .:Marissa Mills:. for winning the latest Facebook raffle of Wiley X, Top Jimmie Glasses.
These changes will take effect on March 1, 2012
I think I'm done with manta like's. If I missed you please speak up!
Except 4 #gooners of arsenal, I'm right there w/ya. is a troubled soul stuck in "bubble". Facts don't get in! #manutd!!
my right arm hurt.not really hurt just dont feel right
Spring break is already over.
Tonight would have been a lovely night to park in a field and just watch the sunset on a hood of a car.
I'm a Virtual Assistant!
7:26, still outside. I'm guessing we're not, in fact, starting at 7:30.
Yeah buddy!
I may be required to hate the dawgs, but Athens is AWESOME!
RT : All that's missing from this great finish at the #Masters is The Bish writing about it. RIP Furman. (Truth)
Tools that build on one another, not have to learn version 2 of the tool like I've never used the tool before.
oh wow, hawks play tonight. guess i should head to phillips arena. anyone going?
I am number one fan from Milwaukee. Please rt. :)
Studio time
new theme song "another one bites the dust" y/y
Brilliant. But Canada so customs issues... :/ RT : just order some new clothes & have them delivered to your destination.
Sweet, First Friday is trending in #Vegas. Rock on.
Hi! We need some stage hands to help out on August 27 at Urban Scrawl 5! Want help out? Email columbusmusiccoop at gmail dot com!
If you're important to them they will always find a way to make time for you. No excuses, no lies and no broken promises.
Miami has got to be the stupidest organization known to man for picking Tannehill.
Now all I can think about is getting my bird!! Rescuing a Macaw from ParrotRescueNebraska, can't wait!
well I re-red that last part of the story twice, how'd she figure him as the executioner?
waking up super late because SOMEONE kept me up really late!
Good morning ! Have a fab day!
Did anybody realize that is was Black History Month?
Our entry into mobile pages: m.hsl.virginia.edu
Thank you, Any questions feel free to ask.
Reviewing conference proposals with milk & cookies & #AmericanPickers after a day at the barn. All days should be like this.
bucks haven't won in Portland since 2006 looks like we are do!
Check out PISP TV ON YOUTUBE featuring
me? Uhm no. Seriiously it's you. You made me feel worthless and alone and like so unloved. You did it! Not me. Your heartless.
And then, a woman called police to say her uncle, 38, was sitting on a porch, drunk and cutting his wrist with a can while he looked at her.
I have no idea what the plot will entail but I think distance will definitely emerge as a metaphor for intimacy, haha
I've heard that's a hazard! Supposedly cinnamon gets stronger in anything you freeze too.
Not sure I can stick with it that long.
Users on spend on average 20 minutes on the site. Not bad for such a niche site that hasn't launched yet.
Yes!!! Very cool!!!": The Ms. Pauline dog that loved - was adopted!!!"
Bad last post - Dr Howard of Univ Cent FL researching descendents of escaped slaves - some escapees may be tied to
Thank you Brett for all the great Packer memories. You were the best!
I'm pretty close to not Carrying the Flag anymore.. 11 years of this is enough! #GoFlyers is creeping back into my vocab!
Good way to find out what's really going on — ask for emails that mention you, or random days of emails
San Diego has been really gloomy! Where's our Cali sun??
Happy Birthday!
Broadway has become almost a musical comedy theme park with all these long-running shows
My usual goodwill towards public transit is suffering today
Thanks again :)
CHP: 84 drivers crashed in the rain today in San Diego County.
ESB and John's with Aunt Shari!
The DJClarinet Combo Live at Wanderers Tea House TONIGHT!!!!!!!!
Listening to Never grow up... and thinking about everyone growing up... wahhhhh
Not yet. Just an iPod touch.
good! Glad I'm not alone.
Can't wait for fri!! Time I finally have some fun....and maybe a cocktail or two!
That is fantastic work. It motivated my interest in systems science. If you dont mind what do you think of transhumanism?
#AmazingRace, you get about 24 minutes until I leave you for #MadMen. Excited to see what's up in Azerbaijan.
My ex-wife says that she will dance on my grave
#diddyandbieber #diddyandbieber-- and would do amazing&i would buy the song!! :)
One dedicated day hardly seems fair. She deserves a lifetime of happiness. Happy Mother's Day to the strongest person I know. Luv you, mum.
Yes he has! In the name of Jesus *starts speaking in tongues*
God forgive us for all our sins, God forgive us for everything #Don'tGo
frill who cares bout that skank!
Crowd erupts in applause at remarks not to build more juvenile prisons and to instead invest in youth development
They say Lebron is the greatest athlete ever in the history of the game.
I was told if I didn't do a good job emceeing the AQ HOF banquet, you'd be back next year. You cast a long shadow my friend.
During the casting process of #Prettylittlethings, the producers & director saw over 120 professional pittsburgh actors. Selecting under 19.
i'm so hungry sigh i bet you can relate to these feelings i'm having c':
whats yur name on youtube ? So i can look at yur sing covers (:
Why am I crying? :(
No I haven't even heard of it. Nice title, though! I'll check it out.
Congrats to Ed Carpenter and Sarah Fisher for their win at Kentucky.
Tiger finally gets it right with "I was wrong, I was foolish. I don't get to play by different rules." Should have started with this.
Thank you
It's not safe 4 anyone to be around me right now.. ••Pissed off to the max••
Wolf_Run thanks for following me on Twitter!
The one question in the world that will NEVER be answered is "Why is SO GOD DAMN SEXY?!?!?!?!?!?!?!"
Evening moonshine. Lol
Thanks to everyone who came to the Craft Swap last night! Hope everyone got some great things!
3DP: 3 diff plans, perspectives, possibilities. Increase thinking of other choices/ways to do things.
Saw Weeks injury...yuk! Wonder if they will get Carroll from LA now...he can play all 3 IF positions
RT : why thank you. Any relation to A Bird of the Air? :)“: i watched #abirdforlife and enjoyed it.
Lol I left my cousin some bruises from when we boxed x) #IPackAPunch ;)
how about a Spanish girl that looks white will that do?
lmao well thank you :) & i normally dont get this way but since im talking to a cute girl ;) ha, but, sorry if im not reall
what is for lunch tweeps im hungry
Oh- for Las Vegas improv people- I am teaching for Paul at tonights drop in 6 to 8 at Onyx, tmrw 2:30 to 4:30 at Tasty Space downtown
I can't remember the last time my body moved at full-speed.
My history project took forever
right, when considering aggressive vs. moderate driving, i was thinking more along the lines of the terrain
Haters get off me
You lucky prick! We are fine. Just out and about having a good time.Still wanna drag her home by her hair.Sex appeal is killin' me
Heading out to Dallas! Woot!
I'm sorry, dude.
#nf can i get a shout out?
--- TGIF everyone! Thanks for spreading the word about us! :) Have a safe and happy weekend!
Great times last night!!
Nelly Furtado's "Maneater" is slaying me right now.
everyday I'm hustlin :) should we start recruiting you for games to bulk up our team?!?
SHORTCODE Y U NO WORK!?
New red hot chili peppers single adventures of rain dance Maggie rocks me like the 80's!!! I do miss john f. though....but love the cowbell!
Buckyballs: The Amazing Magnetic Desktoy You Can't Put Down!
With at Stage773 with host Jeffery Leving , LLS candidate for man of the year for CTHey!
3000 hits and 61 posts for the DaydreamTourist, happy with the progress
if he is trying to recover his image from.being a dirty player he is doing a horrible job
theGriot almost didn't make cut. It was included b/c they were being use on network news to reach a wider audience
What shall we cover in Atlanta on 1/04?
I really don't want to start working tomorrow 😞
Our wonderful #Loudoun County is alive with tree blooms. There is a rumor that spring may follow, eventually.
Thx for connecting. I'm from #Philly!
The museum will be open on Good Friday, April 6th from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. The program by David Bates will be at 2 p.m.
where will you be this Saturday for XC? I'll be at LCCC
Sleeping With Pancakes
Thx again Have a gr8 weekend man!
I will take sugar.
Sorry pacers but the heat ll be the only team shooting free throws. See Knicks series
: Check out the live feed of Brian Humphrey on LAFD Television!
RT : somewhere nearby there is a breakfast that's unaware of the dire fate I am about to visit upon it
I really need to try to avoid these things that raise my blood pressure. Like the entire GOP.
Thanks to everyone at our event tonight, special thanks to & It was great to see so many new faces. Happy Holidays!
Come in and have half priced bottles of wine with us!! #DC #
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 3
#ThatAwkwardMoment when Derrick Fisher has more rings than Kobe
aww im jelly u went!
It's going to be a great day! 9am skill development for These young athletes are hungry!
I have kitteh-fever. I want to adopt a cat again so bad. I had to give mine away when I moved abroad years ago, so it's hard to decide.
We're looking forward to your tweets! Hope you enjoy ours as well.
Just spent time with the IU family...now for more quality time!
please, I bet you play like an angel
I feel embarrassed for Joe Oliver even if he doesn't for himself.
thanks dude!
that rangers game was ridic!!!!
Baby girl got her mind right at a young age! Glad she ain't Hollywood! Met a female dragon just had a fire conversation!
Hilarious! Kinda. RT : poor: /po͝or/ Adjective: Too much month at the end of your money.
Good luck to shady side review's nominees for Dzanc Books "Best of the Web 2010" Anthology: Joshua Foster, Ryder Collins, and Kelly Lydick.
just wanted to say thanks for the great ics rom for my Inc 2 can't wait for a rc.
Niggas don't think I be noticing, I'm always watching
I never asked adults questions when I was a kid. Never ever. So I understand.
I've been disappointed so many times, not giving a f*ck is almost a reflex.
This Friday Us, Today and The Sound Museum will be taking the stage at Mainstay Rock Bar for a show of epic proportions!!
that sucks. Just in the last few hours?
Thanks for your support!
Getting a kick out of all the April Fools' Day tweets. It's like every news/corporate Twitter handle is writing like
You are awesome Thanks for representing Christ
yes, but if 1 or 2% stay home it's a problem.
Romney told a Florida crowd that he will protect Social Security and Medicare. I know earlier he said that he supported a voucher program???
SHdc top 100 list is getting better, look for pics and bios next month!
when I eat pussy my tongue never gets tired like Da #energizerbunny it keeps going nd going nd going
suppose its probably an elephant, eh? :) Happy halloween!
It's 2 cute Tuesday at Smashin Lashes Couture Eye Studio bring a friend & both receive a discount on ur services
followed :) x
Still up and I'm bored 😒
THE EROTIC .com
Props to for being more patient with me than normal this week.
No one should feel guilty for doing their job
Nah. Maybe some hot tea. [yawn] At least I got some productive stuff done while I was up late.
ctfu i really dnt knw her real name but on fb it rainbow teen pride
Hey twitter, hit me with some good sources to follow for the French election.
Wrapping up 2011 w/ a leisurely 10K. Kicking off 2012 w/ a 5K + Polar Bear dive and 15 day Juicing "reboot".
My two friends have a band called " Feed the Friction "...
Before I got married I had six theories about bringing up children; now I have six children, and no theories. ~J Wilmot
please follow me! Love your music! :)
rain? its raining where you are?
Did that actually take place?
Second leg UEFA CL matches resume today. Will Bayern rally from their 1 goal deficit against FC Basel? Inter v Marseille also in the mix.
Hot Wings Recipe from Epicurious
New respect for
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 31
lol okay but I will post more later on because my phone is dying & I'm out.
happy birthday austin for your dreams to come true and for many more to come Happy sweet 16 baby 🎁🎈🎉
Some creepy guy who looked like Bill Gates w/muscles just asked me if I party in the meat packing district.
"The most important trip you'll ever make, is when you get up to meet someone half way."
Well of course more like inlove with them!
#cenanation Can't wait
Good Morning my Muslimah Queen Have a nice day at school :)
louisville looks pathetic compared to Kentucky
I think I'm ready to French kiss ☺☺
How scary!! An earthquake just woke me up!!!!
Defining Moment on Immigration - New York Times
Also, please follow so that you can DM us additional account details or questions that you may have ^CH
They want YOUR music, they’re YOUR fans, its YOUR show, they buy YOUR merch, all YOU need to do is be nice & less into YOURself.
I'm at yo crib this Weekend.
I'm not prone to crying to music, but if I was, Bon Iver's cover of 'I Can't Make You Love Me' would absolutely bring me to tears.
I think i need to start a petition to get to move to MD so he can be my assistant.
"They say, "a picture is worth a thousand words.''But I think that they're wrong. When I looked at yours, I was speechless"
this reads as the House opposing the very people "the citizens" they work for, we sure do live in a weird world.
Maybe they're just pointing whoever scored the last goal on the point for the power play as a reward?
I'm gonna rip out my stomach in a bit if it doesn't stop hurting. It's a warning
Our hearts are with all those that have served our Country. May we honor them all, not just today, but forever.
How is it no matter what "zone" I'm in boarding a plane, front or back, I'm always the last person getting off?
such an amazing album! RT #np Stubborn Love - The Lumineers, thanks to
yet completely true.
Also: music festivals
I'm in such a good mood today.
Billy, thanks for connecting. Stay in touch! Matthew
I was dreaming yesterday that my mohawk was gone!
Another perfect day to surf in San Diego. Thanks to all who made it to practice on time and were included in our latest team photos.
I've listened to AC/DC Live probably 15 times this week.
Find your dream home! www.everetthomesnw.com
Austin Kearns grounds out to third. Tell me if you've heard this one before.
A4. Toss up between several; I want to meet them all!!
but I'd love a workout partner :)
when does this show let out? Your event always have the wrong times, frustrating.
I'll go, which night?
Me: I'm not saying you're ugly, but you're about 37 tequila shots away from being my type. Dex: 0_o
jcwesternwear.com has a sale going on for fathers day
RT : me & did our thing! Shout to & for connecting the dots!
friends are fake if there just tittles if theres no proof of friendship your useless. if theres no proof of loyalty and respect kill yaself
TODAY: $1 off pint night @ Circa 33
The best students are given the toughest problems
cold cold and really cold! Why do I live here again?? I need a better reason to justify why I don't bail and move to the equator!
For whatever reason, whenever I see your name, I immediately think of Andy Dufresne from Shawshank Redemption.
Looks like DOJ is catching up with concealed carry license application processing. Mine was issued right around the 21-day mark.
you are a wizard
I LOVE YOU NIALL<3 can you please follow me? Is one of my biggest dreams. ☺☺
Dough for pretzel bites made, dry rub on spatchcocked chicken, short grain brown rice with.....something.....ready. Hope husband is hungry.
Proud that several of the staff is volunteering at MLKday! RT this if you are too!
I remember when the Broncos lost to the Lions, SO many Raider fans trolled me LMFAO .. Where are those Raider fans now? They all blocked me.
Lindsay Lohan's line of coke
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing. - Albert Camus
#IMISS da days wen my daddy use ta rent me n my girls cars JUS ta joy ride..haha we was 14 n 15 den smh
Thank you both for the RTs! Have a good week.
#WEWANTROMO e really do
Hell yes it IS jammi'. yo. You have made me laugh
Thanks for the retweet!
today's Anderson show, that girl Irene from the park on today's show was on real world Seattle. Anyone know that?
y would i care if u in bed
Guys are arguing about Jim Schwartz - whether he & his staff can make changes sooner rather than later.
How can you hurt someone who loves pain!!!
I was late! RT : I ALREADY KNOW IS ON TWITTER!! As a welcoming gift I gave her Batwings!
95% of people text things they could never say in person
I can't admit that I can live without you in my life.
ahahghahaahha RT : I blame everyone for my problems. Except Shaggy, because we all know it wasn't him.
m, whiskey.
Enjoy the week by celebrating Organic Farmers in the NW ~ Chef Specials, Gluten Free & Raw Food Dishes, Cocktails & much more www.blpdx.com
thanks for the RT!
Beautiful! Happy Mother's Day!
Guys. There is SO MUCH TRASH all over Broadway, blowing around. It makes our community look ugly :(
#np indifference can't wait till #chevelle comes back to the mil. I'd see #seether but #nickleback is going to be there so #no lol
I'm a grown-ass woman, I'll say what I want. ;-)
them crazy fuck boys!!
Delone Carter just signed with the Colts. Is he the best dynasty RB that no one is talking about?
Leading doesn’t always mean doing - more often it's pulling back to create white space so that others can do.
Levi's swipes some of Charles Bukowski's best lines for their new ad. My heart cringes.
So many AA are raised not to love God but to fear him! For me, true freedom was losing both! What a blessed Athiest I am!
Got some movies and pizza hut for me and mi amor <3
You know things are strange when Mid-Westerners are happy when it snows. Folks in Ill, Ind. & Ohio downright giddy after 1st snowfall of yr
congrats I've won
go Ari go! I am almost done with my papers!! :D so close I can taste it!
Legit almost just passed out... Due to choking and having to sneeze at the same time..
Off of work, dinner then homework ew. But on the bright side last week of school! :)
Go Giants.The Packers get the breaks early but Big Blue defense will prevail,
Took a time-machine to the future. Future Doug was drunk and wouldn't bum me $5. Dick. Remind me not to give past Doug $ If I ever see him.
There goes the shut out
All this test-driven development talk is making me queasy.
Remember when Kim Basinger should have gotten an Oscar nomination for The Burning Plain in 2009?
My pleasure!
I would love to use "Butterfly" for a poetry book cover (found it on Flickr). Contact me at
Portland's Rose Festival princesses are good students, good community members, good role models. Selection starts this Weekend
Thanks for the follow, R! Catch us at Plush Thursday night, we have 2 great new songs! #GirlsRock!!
I've been fantasizing (:
Do you ever Watch any of the Sunday Morning Political News Shows?
I can provide you more followers so follow me and get my followers all are back followers if you not followed by me retweet me
It was great seeing and at the ABDC taping yesterday :)
Fuck the jets god fuck them
are you going to make an appearance in the new Friday movie ?
I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE my phone<3
So, when the Cauldron invades next weekend, they'll run the joint, essentially?
What do you have to do with all of this?
Sad... I miss you too! RT Sunday craft day but missing my partner in crime
Westside Connection - Bow Down
Wow, US Airways charges $25 for booking a flight by phone... anyone know if that kind of "luddite tax" is common?
Spanish Hustle - The Fatback Band, Planet Patrol - Play at YOur Own Risk, K.oS - Superstar Part Zero
Watching Florida election returns. I love a good presidential campaign!
Thanks for the #FF mention and back at you. Have a great weekend.
follow This guy! Taught me A LOT of stuff on bass... Even tho he plays keys
It seem like the people you closest to don't believe in you and want you to fail
Okay so I'm not getting any sleep tonight.
i like the dirty blonde look
Gaithersburg fight song is the same tune as WVU?
HA! I was thinking the same thing while listening to it yesterday!
Y U NO LET ME EAT CANDY....FUCKIN DENTIST
that's the best answere I have heard yet lol
Mothers and newborns also benefit from massage, making mother-child bond stronger
Black and proud ; )
Shoutout to an amazing artist, thanks for helping me promote!
"The closest I came to vomiting tonight is when I saw Ann Coulter's shoulder blades." - Jack Donaghy
thanks, Megan!
The article doesnt point to that..that was my own assertion.
I am embarrassed to be a Sounders season ticket holder right now.
I never knew love would hurt this bad, the worst pain that I've ever had.
I'm in New York :/ RT : Los Angeles
About to re-record Monday's episode of making my offering to the Skype gods now
Getting ready to record some ADR for Camp Rock 2
RT : that sounds like a great turnout. $25 iTunes gift card standing by and a fun presentation from
it is still in development. Have an email? I will send u my future AppStore description so you can critique and explain it! :)
suprisingly! I was very pleased. Wash, condition, n cut wr $40. I can gv u his number, if u'd like.
Thanks! (Just saw your birthday party needs and just shook my head in amazement and sympathy. Good luck.)
Nw Bustin Loose w/Richard Pryor and Cicely Tyson. If u don't know, u betta ask somebody!
of course, I'd never walk into a candle store, so there's that.
whoa... That kicks ass.., congrats
Done cleaning the house for my momma, now time to relax and watch a movie until she gets home (:
But your beard will live FOREVER.
I CAN'T CONTROL MY CRIES!
Pronounced "bay’t zed-ik," our name means "House of Justice." Over 35 years, Bet Tzedek has helped over 250,000 clients.
So excited to announce that we will be providing recycling service to all 5 Houston area #GreenBank locations!!!
I'm trying to come up with a reason I haven't done any work the last three days...
Celebrating a decade of mamahood today. Happy Birthday, Henrik! (Only 3 more years + you can have a FB account to read my HB messages!)
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers of the world..today is your day!
I'm young so no I won't apologize for any of the dumb shit I pull.
It is surreal to be home visiting in Pennsylvania
Spent the day in mtgs browsing iPad stylus options. Solid.
good evening one and all, hows it hanging this wonderful evening?
"its so fluffy! i can die!" Lol!
Hey everybody, time to go see my buddy 's AWESOME movie The Innkeepers this weekend!! Support indie cinema!!
you know you wannnaaaaaaa
They sold out at Bridgeport before I could get there, 6:10pm.
chocolate or beer
We're heading to Delafield Panera bread. The other team is running. Guth finished his leg at 6:58 pace. Still 2 minutes ahead of schedule.
LeBron's beard must be so jealous of James Harden's beard.
I love me some craisins!
Room monitoring at #pla12 is allowing me to see programs I might not otherwise have attended. Learning about NFC technology right now!
I just retweeted way to much!
iWish I Was In Ny;) HappyHUMPDay SEXY!! LOVE ya!! <3XX
Oh my god 10 more days left of my senior year :o
If I'm a NIGGA then you're a NIGGA too for calling me a NIGGA because that's what NIGGAZ do. LM(Blowed)AO
Who's everyone's favorite to win the #StanleyCupPlayoffs now? We have $4 #CaptainMorgan mixers for those of you looking to watch tonight!
So Williams gets checked in the dome and their no penalty why?
are you sure your 18
Everyone tweet me,I'm going to be in the hairdressers for hours!
Let me #askconstancio some things. Will you please follow me?!❤ AND I LOVE YOU! ALSO. You need a name for your fans. Please.
Nerdin' it up.
Downstream insights are faults that become trouble. via Michael Allen
when does the one thing video come out? :)
294 Followers! Can we get 300 by the end of the day? Follow us & learn more about #Education for #Sustainability!
It needs to snow like forty inches so we don't have any school
cold or allergies, still can't figure it out. watching when harry met sally and trying to will myself to go for a run.
Every second you spend angry or upset is a second of happiness you can never get back
oh cool
Thanks a lot!!!
Aye, Wasssup my nigga... Daang this party live! *Twerks my way inside the house*
we use d5 in our building k-5. We also use CAFE schoolwide
EG declares LA's 1st Latinas in Media Day. Honors Pilar Marrero, Josefa Salinas, & my ex-colleague Luz Villareal of Dateline NBC. Congrats!
Looking for a low price website designer to do a header and blog buttons DM me if you know a great designer
loving all of the help from for the project in #rva. Police are helping volunteers
IMO, this has been a really awful season of
well we can finally put that question to rest!
If you Say It & Mean It....I would say "Yes" in a Heartbeat.
rocking out
Like that startup lunch thingy? I think it will be awesome!
i love you too(: && #winning(:
RT - Need jacksonville jaguars, since i use to live there
Flower gleam and glow. <3
On hold waiting for an instructional discussion with a vendor. Cancel that, I'm now on a dead phone. Interesting: I can hear the ocean.
people ask why we troll, its because there is no soul
Thanks again man. I can't wait for the weekend of the 16th!
Questions in the bathroom tonight. Does a frog have a butt? *sigh*
Before the Internets, what did people visiting their in-laws do to pass the time?
Grading a paper with properly-set Paragraph Spacing After, I feel like looks weird. Curse you, Microsoft Word! You've broken my eyes!
Do you realize we live in an age where we create & have a hit song the same day? Not possible 20 years ago.
You don't want to get stuck in traffic tonight. Forget about driving home. Just come see us at the Rubicon. It's Firkin Thursday!
best days ever.
sorta fell in love with your characters, Marty, and Topher<3
ok!:o I thought you were actully alli?!:L
When the ICONic Boyz hit the ABDC stage next week, I'm going to cry
RT : Cong Frank on #Iran nukes- no difference of opinion/ approach bw #Obama and #Romney on danger and need to stop
I love it nothing wrong with extra baggage ; )
Meet with my attorney client this morning. Business has more than doubled since I started working with them. And we just got started!
SEX SEX SEX SEX SEX now that I have your attention.... idk I just wanted to post a status screaming sex in all caps haha
Hey Chicago! Anyone know where I can get rid of about 200 cardboard boxes? Are there recycling companies that will pick them up?
Whoa, you look just like Tyler.
The exciting moment when you get a mention notification from twitter only to be let down when you see it's from a spam account :[
Are you somewhere near the triangle in North Carolina? You should come see play tomorrow night!
I know u dont smoke weed, I know this; but Im gonna get u high today, cuz it's Friday; u ain't got no job... and u ain't got shit to do:)
Aw I really wanted Maria & Derek to win. #sadface But did you see Mark rush out there 1st? Lovelovelove his & Derek's friendship!
A real nigga fuckin with a real bitch. Compitition, I don't see any.
Thinking about getting Nancy flowers fer her bday . Hmm
I'll do it when I get home. We have to win.
of course my Damie! Whats new? Come by for a visit with the ravins sometime in your future.
Its gotta be the best, #thebestlovesong she ever heard in her life
hahaha you do look like Edward scissorhands!! :P
.........that is the cutest picture I have ever seen
Learn about plastics--the problems and the solutions--at a training session, Sun 10/2, 4pm, at , Bladensburg. DM me to sign up!
do you gotta shit?
OMG love My Life by Game feat. Lil Wayne
I got da best followers doe 👍
When u see me out I be like hell yea
Let's make it happen
Guy says he wants girl who doesn't take life too seriously. Know what he's trying to say, but really, we should live life...seriously!
my mama is so lame man! lmfao
I was going to correct but then I thought I wanted it that way. Lol
the beginning of games always start off slow and then usually get interesting!!
They use the term Lanais here pretty frequently. Doesn't matter where U are.
Thx for the follow! I haven't read your book, but by the title, I completely agree and will have to check it out!
cant sleep can't sleep can't sleep!!
#vsa2011 Non-visitor studies Cecilia Garibay is demonstrating some cool visual representations of data
Want to surprise your bride with a ring? Have someone else try it on so you can see how it looks before you make the purchase.
No salsa tonight. See you Saturday night at Madrigall!!
Exchanging notes or talking trash? cc:
We have a awesome NEW MENU COMING SOON! As a follower you'll be the 1st to know what's on it!
I lied to y'all I'm going to a party biatch
#DarkShadows LOOK'S FUNNY..
is reading a plan to solve the climate crisis.
August 24 @ The House of Blues!!! THE ALL STARS TOUR! Oh yus.
Sean, I think you need to take more pics of that bike...;) Looks great man!!!
Nice. Sprawl, discovery, colonizing, innovation and mediation. Sounds like a great sunday!
Some friends are like pennies. Two-faced & worthless.
It's Steak and Blowjob day...I got my steak, now whos gonna blow me?
You guys haven't played the Stones "Dead Flowers" this week. It's the KSR official Derby song!!
We made it to Alba Italy. Staying at BnB on the edge of the old city. Already had best pizza + Barbera. Ready for 3 more days of slow food
We are up to our eyeballs w/potential projects today but could not be happier! So many organiz want to work with BUCDIA students we love it.
The WLPI will be closing on Tuesday this week and we wish you safe Thanksgiving travels and a Happy Thanksgiving!
Rain Rain go away so Mr.D's can paint outside today.Rain got you down ? Add some color to your life today.We can add a rainbow of colors.
TONIGHT! We play at 6:30PM at Altar Bar with The Summer Set - Come hang out!!
I'm at work. Text me
Its FRIDAY..what's going on?
Remember that SlutWalk Chicago is happening THIS SATURDAY! If you would like to carpool down, email
WIN 2 FREE FLIGHTS! Follow @ CheapTickets and RT this msg to be eligible to win. Vote 4 our next TV ad, too!
aww your to sweet(: Have a good nap <33 love you
Finally done skiing with my bros at keystone. Extremely tired but it's been a blast.
yup. Same old digits. Call whenever. Both days are pretty flexible. And thanks!
Damnn Its Funny Cause I'm About To Have Soo Many Views On Youtube From My Remix! The Numbers Are Climbing Every Second!
Did I mention that FEMWORKS is considering a new location that would expand our borders?!
Feel like ima be sick when I wake up... but good night for now... 
Fat Naked Dangerous
thanks for the tweet.
great quotes!
Have a great birthday Travis! RT : RT : Happy Birthday wishes to Olympian today!
Happy birthday I hope you have a good one! You so talented and wonderful in every way #harryis18tommorrow :)
I agree with the letter of your critique while completely disagreeing with its spirit. If that makes any sense.
We must rid our minds of all preconceptions that could dull our sensitivity or alertness to fresh insights.
"Neal Stephenson binge" is really the only accurate way to describe my current recreational reading
I wanna get my drivers permit but at the same time I don't.
The nice thing about it was that once you set it up, using the stars was pretty quick. Let's remember to report back on AI
Matt Painter is going, no wait... He's staying. Hold on - breaking news hes going. Strike that, he's staying! /
Worst headache of my life
good for her. Don't be afraid to live.
RT Appunto! “: My grandmother has been talking about sprezzatura for ages.”
I think everyone's watchin to see if somethins gonna happen today....
I'm only hooking this up if you save me some of last night's caviar. Quid pro quo
Thanks for putting me on the list :). Now, how do I move up? Lol
blowin trees :) how you been?
Manchester Arts Fest. Jul 23 - 9 to 6! Ariel Martin-Cone w Agnes Magnolia t-shirts and gear. capeannvacations.com/festival-event.cfm?id=44
ditto that my friend
Thanks for the Support Darla!
Oh & happy Mothers day to all the females & pregos on my News feed haha but really have a great day
Str8LykeDes... Wit de fellas tryna get ova des flu...
can't find tickets anywhere!!!!!!!!
My sister is such a fucking idiot
A tragedy of mathematics is a beautiful conjecture ruined by an ugly fact.
Hurray! Keep up the good work.
Cooper Bateman, one of the top-ranked quarterbacks in the nation, commits to Alabama
thank you...lol.
Thanks to all my followers. I wouldnt be here if it werent for you.
lol its just a red hat Nothing on it
hahaha. Well I guess that's good to know! LOL
we need to have a neon party soon!!
beautiful people. :)
Who gots A drive-in theatre in their Cityy!!!
Thanks, Holly!
well hm just say you took the Boob fat from it and stuck it in your ass lol
ooooooooohhhhh Billy is dead wrong. Omg. WHERE'S AN ARMED GUNMAN WHEN YOU NEED HIM??
Last night....#Glee, #TheVoice, and bits and pieces of
thank you! Stay strong & God Bless
Drought. Water your trees! All of your trees, including the big ones! Even mature trees need watering.
Ahem, , I just ran into Chris Roberts and Tim Kerner a block from my office. How'd you let them out of Jefferson Parish?
We have different saving programs whether you are a regular customer, a new customer or come to enjoy our services for a special occasion yo
I'm hurting but I'm not, I've forgotten the past hurt, it's time to start out fresh.. It's time to be new.. And your right I've always been
Everybody come see us! Friday, August 19th at Fusion in St. Augustine!
Will do ! You probably will very soon. Haha (:
Thats how you know GW had you hooked...
234566 mikeey or madisonn(; and i love your shirt!
Try this: Before you do your regular vocal warm ups, go on an invigorating nature walk. See if your breath support and focus improves.
Who do you think is gonna win the NCAA Championship tonight? KU or UK? #KentuckyFTW :D
Getting ready for the Spring semester. Comp I (starts the 18th) is… almost done.
"the blonde lead the blind" i like the name of that song it makes me feel adequate. yeah streetlight
Batsh*t crazy.\
derailed her life years ago
Just watched hit 4 of 5 clay pigeons flying by on That was sick! No other QB in the draft could do that!
Good morning, sir!!!!!!
lol! But it was Tom Petty ;)
You are a big account yes but you are not royalty so stop acting like you are.
can we get a follow for the new year?
Edge of Seventeen inspired Bootylicious. Inspiration is a wonderful thing!
It's always cause for celebration when you discover there's more money in your checking account than you thought.
People usually complain about their looks, but no one complains about their brains.
It was but you did great and you looked really strong.
Luckyy ! Wish i could be a baller w/ no Job - you got it Made ! Lol
what song is it??
This is just silly. The fastest person to run a mile in swim fins is Ashrita Furman from the USA. It took 7 mins 56 to complete, but why?!
Thanks for the link!
Whoa, hash tags don't work on Facebook! Maybe because they aren't suppose to... Who could've known!
RT : Good Morning all..up early on my way to NBA CARES event..
lots of love!
#Fail. Left my library copy of The Big Short at work. No reading before bed tonight. :(
"You is kind. You is smart. You is important."
Now following my favorite Philadelphia institution:
Your welcome :)
congrats. is this for the columbia or fordham position?
Two days running we've seen drastic improvements. Let's keep pushing Indiana's students to do more and keep up the great work!
omg XDDD that is only like the best picture ever! XDD
Loving that new TV Show Human Target. It reminds me of a mix of Mission Impossible, A Team and McGyver.
I think I'm gonna put baby to bed and then exit the living room and get in my bed this wine got me sleeeppppyyy
Omg I want to see the Chernobyl Diaries 😳
Remember, liberals. Corporations are people. But gay people are not people.
oh god I'm be in a whole lot of pain if I ever get my hands on a bottle of that stuff lol
The probability of life originating from an accident is comparable to the probability of the unabridged dictionary
Loose a follower gain another . Lbs.
Listening to a stolen vehicle pursuit in E. Hillsborough County. Helicopter is following the car. This guy aint going anywhere!
were his pants on or off? lol
My bros wedding is bout to b funny iama b crackin up the whole time
Danng. Billy Cundiff is trending. I love him doe ;) I love the Ravens, my home team. #BaltimoreRepresent They tried their hardest.
Thanks for the follow!
I am already nervous about tomorrow's math final.
trashy ass is a bully.
do it fast this time Kd's are fucking nice
do not! I went to city walk after so :P
like how I troll people? lol
Gratz Billy!! I bet I can hear alotta barking from Cleavland on Sundays here in Boise.
Appreciate that !!
Pulling strings here for FANSHOES goods to be delivered to Rochester, NY in-time for Mississippi State University's Greek week trip!
Ron Paul's campaign dies without healthcare.
and pizza
Another ;) cheers!
Allergies can go Flower themselves.
Just because you from Chicago doesnt mean you have to be a #bulls fan, #heat all day
Championship Week ... Sweet
For a healthy snack, cut an avocado in half and drizzle with balsamic vinegar. Yummy.
Thanks !!! Have a great rest of your Monday!
cool cool. Fyi. I'm just hungry!
Maybe the Colts should take Tebow just in case Luck cannot play with the big guys!!!!
Pass the bowl Willie.
Do you have your team ready for #AdworkersSoftball? They need a "like" button for tweets.
Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow :)
Stun into bliss!! Yes!
Girl who keeps her toes & nails done
Second service is packed, yo.
I hear that!
scraps digs the super moon action tonight. super excited.
why am I losing followers????:( I'm not that mean:((
Is that a keg in your back pocket? Cuz I'd love to tap it!
RT Can I get some love & tell people to vote for BNB on National Warped Tour Competition. Make me ur fav artist & vote!
A few things you didn't know about 'Idol' contestant Skylar Laine - Jackson Clarion Ledger
City Planning Committee will discuss designating the Murrell-Capers House as a Cleveland Landmark today at 1pm.
words of wisdom from the Cardinals camp?
We filter information through our own biases and world view.
Mention this tweet for $4 off any 18" pizza right now and for the rest of the day!!
Leaving Mt. Sterling now. Starting a bit late. Have to make time.
2nd half..AND SKINS RETURN THE KICK OFF FOR A TOUCHDOWN!!!
damn ma,glad you are ok.Doesnt sound like those 5guys were really MEN tho.smh
Tuesday Tips are ready for you to enjoy! Get a Box of Tps, Larg Fry & 2 liter of Soda for $13.99. You will not walk away hungry!
Cheers mate! 😉
love the new pic! you are such a cutie/hottie ;)
Software Development Engineer, Senior-IEB (793776) / Microsoft ...
Holy shit my sounds system is perfect for electronic music..
At the Amador Valley vantners harvest wine tasting event outside Sacramento. The Big Crush. 1st stop Dobra Z.
See if you'd tweet more then I would know it was really you, trying to save us all $3.
goodbye is too good a word, babe. so i'll just say "fare well"
WATS GOOD LUV THE ENERGY U GIVE NFL NETWORK U ARE A FUTURE. HALL OF FAME ANALYST
How about a setting per repo? I personally like menu bar color change (ala Twitter) but single dock bounce would be ok
My sister jus had a slight scare her head was hurtin so bad I told her go to the hospital luckily she did her pressure was fatally high
rt If you don't know where you are going,you'll end up someplace else.Yogi Berra - great quote - without a map it's all random
is excited to be presenting & exhibiting on redesigning security. JOIN US TODAY at 10:15am.
MT doubtful i ever tire of command line interfaces. Like casting spells; making data fly around thru net
Every fanbase has its fair share of morons.
long island starbucks, dont show calories. so much easier to order a donut!
Ron Artest should be ashamed of himself for even sending lil mess to someone!!! LMAO!!!!
Congrats to the new uncle Keep up all the hard work bro
The organizational strategy is not the same as consensus building - Janine la Sueur
HAH!!! You're kidding, right?
dude! we r gonna sell millions of free mags with your cute face on the cover, hahahah
Wow! These endorphins are coursing through my body like crazy!
I want to Rock out with my schnout out!!!!
haha yeah idk what was wrong. I wasn't getting any tweets :p
Going to blue man group rather unexpectedly tonight
just #ica12 for main/general stuff, then divisions. Otherwise TMI in the stream.
i luv u but not only how u look but how u act so please come to homestead its 10 min from miami
THIS! RT : Beautiful day in NYC.
They mad cus I murderd the game and they name wasn't in the will.
Hm. Maybe you could try a bad acid trip in a graveyard. See "Easy Rider" for details.
Early start this morning to catch the CSRIC live webcast.
Great story, and great blind lead.
BC baseball beating the crap out of FSU today -- at least they'll get one win
Man, that is a nice looking lineup. Go Tigers!
Finna read this history chapter smh.... why is it so long :(
Team that scores first in this series now 0-4. (Pens to start Friday with empty net)
Check out our sister for the latest in travel news and tours from around the world. And say hi to Kris!
In the Pops office , getting ready for rehearsal for Opening Night!
What was your favorite part of Men of Steel? Let us know by commenting!
REPORT: Some people still say "I'm not trippin'."
i get to see you lol oh remember the rotc fieldtrip is thursday from 9-4
Some days there won't be a song in your heart. Sing anyway.-- Emory Austin
Women with an attitude
Great! “: Thanks for the welcome! I'll keep you posted when my website is live in Austin!!”
haha! Love it!
to vent
If you're seeking extreme success, you cannot be afraid to go against the crowd, make mistakes, look dumb.-Karen Salmansohn
Yeah that would be awesome. Maybe he will again one day.
At the club and the party starts at 9pm till 1am so get your asses down here and party
i luv 4am feedings so awesome
Fair enough, that's fine. I'd just like to remain optimistic about it as long as I can haha.
Amen. PTL Then. #ashwednesday is crazy like that!
after using a mac, you really can't get the anti-aliasing to look as good on Windows. Even with Cleartype on. Fix this in Windows 8?
Yes, b/c of his season full of injuries.
A beezs in the trap beezs beezs in the trap! we need you nicki get your twitter back!!! :(
Gigi mixed girls can be bald headed, too! Lmao
Thanks for RT -ing our Brand Journalist position!
You know it's official, when it's unofficial and she's still loyal
going shopping with my mom and sister :)
Playing at Branded Saloon in Bk this Saturday!! Who is coming ?
I hate the neologism e-blast with the intensity of 1,000 Tatooine suns. So like 2,000 earth suns, right nerds?
My devotional tonight: "Did you know that lack of understanding about how God does things can wear you out?" Yaah. Noticed that.
Experience in sales is critical for companies is the general consensus of the panel at
Sponsored by
RT : Late night
Oh! Jeremy Lin! You have my heart!
Thanks to & for webinar on mobile learning. Will aid us in implementing our mobile learning devices.
Ridiculousness is soo funny omg haha
Rarely feels good when your dumped, still trying to figure out this love thang
Drankin and giving away some #WiredFest2012 tix! Come hang at Hammerheads in NE Philly on Cottman Ave!
Feel better !
I suppose you can never have too much coffee on a Friday, when you have more work to do then you have time for.
Let's go down to OP wings sound good too! Address?
agreed. Weather has been nice too.
Extreme jealously for the kids who get to be in full orchestra and play I dreamed a dream
Thats fine. Ashley was thinking ice cream?
#ThingsILookFor Somebody who can keep a conversion going...and makes good sandwiches
I understand; it's not good for those who are unemployed either.
Take risk in LIFE! Playing it safe only leaves you at the same plateau.
Don't forget to follow 24Infinity Founder and 24Infinity Athlete, Professional Golfer
um thx for forgetting me and keke! :(
Exam time! 😖
you're killing me
I heard its working on that for long time know
MT : Might Stanford reforms foster a two-tier system, problematizing value of PhD in either market? // Yes. E.g. DA degree reforms
Nice. This the first time you're using SmugMug? I'm curious how that's working.
Eating a slice of pizza with my wife on the Long island Railroad heading from Long Beach to NYC...not my usual afternoon but nice
Sad that I'm pumped to be home before dark
Literally asain women have no ass those fuckers gotta do some squats ASAP
« So Javale McGee continues the streak of athletes who leave here & immediately perform better. has to cover this in the doc»
RT : Went tu Incredible Pizza for lunch & games!
I do not consider myself a human......Do not insult my intelligence or being!
love you too babe<3
how about a Tweetup?
Haha when is it? and why is it an emergency?
“: you need to make it happen. It's worth the trip” I'll add it to my list of things to do!
love ya too guru ;*
also be able to set up the playoff rotation, oh and maybe start at miller park? Not in Philly
Thank you, archivists, for bringing us some MUCH-needed rain! Come back any August!
Attention to the hcc students : has summer Break started?!
AWESOME! The more the merrier, it's going to be a blast!
problem is: when I "take" a shower - I tend to find that it's cuz I'm in a rush & can't enjoy it as much!
16? yea yea
well I hope u hurry up! Lol!
RT : When the bum is numb… the brain is the same!! #astd2012 <<awesome! : )
i sorta got a new laptop...
giving us a great session on being digital pioneers
Non-food related question: do you ever scan qr codes for info? (say, for a beer list or dinner menu...)
I thought it was a funny comment about her now-ubiquitous Apple commercial. That's all.
Thanks for the shout out!
"I learned that good judgment comes from experience and that experience grows out of mistakes."
Haha the police officer is the one that worked at Lafayette and coach.
I figured lol
oh I'll have to look into that haha. Once my sister gets of the computer, we will find out if I have dwarfed it up
If our greatest need had been money, God would have sent us an economist; But our greatest need was forgiveness, so God sent us a Savior!
CHECKING IN - MLB Arizona Diamondbacks at the VA Pentagon City Ritz Carlton this evening
isn't that the worst drive? lol I dread driving to Cali every month!
We agree as well. Always appreciate the great advice from for the #InteriorDesign community
Just hit inbox zero, and heading to my first ever Rosh Hashanah dinner! Happy New Year, y'all!!
Rain in July and flip flops SoCal got to love that
Dippin' Don'ts: Park Slope Parents Want Ice Cream Out Of Prospect Park - Gothamist
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.
i started holosinating & shit and passed out text me
No studio tonight. What to do?
Solano was sick but now has a herniated disc, Maldonado has been hitting better lately, if SYR is the choice, that'd be the guy
Cold and rainy. Just watched Joss Wheadon's Serenity again. Love LOVE that movie. Also excited for his Marvel's Avengers.
Stop distracted driving #60ForSafety sign up to be a speaker at your local schools. I did!
"Love is an understanding...and understanding takes time"
I hope a good picture of me gets picked for my memorial shirt if I suddenly die.
It's finally Friday & should be a GREAT shopping weekend :)
A parrot talks way too much but can�t fly high but an eagle is silent and has the will power to touch the sky
love having ya! RT: “: Pumping some iron at ”
Watching the Finale of #EscapeRoutes #GoBlueTeam w/ &
Isn't that the way it always is?
is somebody on?
Hiring professionals to paint your home has many benefits!
I loooovee New Kids on the Block! #throwback 😊😍🎶👍
looking forward to hanging out next weekend at the lake.
Had a successful #kickstarter campaign? What tips or best practices would you recommend?
yeah, creep! Haha
OMG I KNOW
Romney plan keeps IRS in place. Stupid. Unimaginative.
Sign waving with was the most exciting thing I've done ever!!
Okay just because you use instagram, doesnt mean you're a pro photographer!
Still trying to figure out this whole twitter thing :-) "i'm almost there" LOL
No more senior skip day!!? Looks like I'll have to do this the old fashion way.
thx...great article!
Cant wait to hear your thoughts! I would suggest 1/2 a Harvest Benny and 1/2 OMG French Toast and a mimiosa.#perfect breakfast
Happy Hump Day. This is one big hump of a day too.
": are you the house?" No I am Elizabeth but I'm about to go to the house if that's what you mean
you better!! ;)
i wanna try deep frying it
I agree, I bet this will become an option soon, I've heard so many people with this problem!
DON'T MAKE ME HATE YOU SCHLERETH
Tea contains catechin and polysaccharides, which have been shown to noticably lower blood sugar!
top home based businesses
You are on a team and im not! So technically im not in the NHL
I just did
thx for the shoutout man! Have a gd weekend!
I feel like I annoy him..so I'm not gonna talk/text him anymore. No more contact with him.
Loving the #AmazingRace and the boys from #Kentucky. Make us #Wildcats fans proud!
Yeah, that's always entertaining!
Hahhahahaha. Wait, Radio Shack exists? RT : Honestly, I save good money as Mayor of Radio Shack.
so you might say I'm more than just a hat rack?
At dinner last night my date complimented me saying I have amazing bone structure..I still don't know how she saw it under the table though?
sound like you are having a great time!
NO WAY!!! So jealous bro!
'cause spoken word is pretentious bullshit. even the few that hear you aren't listening.
bout to go get ready for work..
-_- what happened to yours?!
Stop by for a quarter lb Beef or Beef Polish sausage for $2.50!! Try my Spicy Chipotle ketchup, and Garlic Jalapeno Aioli
understandable, too busy making delicious tacos & too busy eating them! :)
maybe he got slept and doesn't really even remember it. I wouldn't talk about that either.
I don't think so LOL
Find out why #healthcareworks with tonight: MT Join us 4 our tweet chat tonight @ 8pm use #VAHCR to discuss.
blame it on Baylor's jerseys?
But it gets better!
Capitalize on the opportunity that rapid human brain development provides,& realize the benefits that healthy children provide to all of us.
Hey now...you weren't asking for explanations. You were asking for comments. Let's not get greedy here XD
hey could you please follow
9 and 10 were when they all started that "attitude". It passes...then makes a return engagement. ;)
I was kind of excited for the #Royals today until I saw that it's Verlander day. Total downer.
young the giant is definitely my new favorite band!
almost as gay as Robby's Facebook statuses
CandySwipe Free is approaching 1 million downloads!
How many followers are JFSLAers? We have exciting news coming up about your Community Projects!
Last night I watched sell a cigarette for $10.
what the hell is this one!!?
feel like pizza? go check out the new locbit screen inside of flipping pizza in Encinitas. grab a slice and do a scan!
Nose hurts a little. Did punch me?
Happy Birthday <3 .
Fantastic to see the smiles on the faces of the children when they get their Cirque photo experience pix
John McKeon, who hails from the Dallas Morning News, is replacing Stephenson as publisher.
just accidentally removed a physical bookmark and instantly thought (in all seriousness): cmd-z!
we're going shopping...again...
Happy Volunteer Appreciation Week to all of our amazing and tireless volunteers! Thank you for all you do.
Strawberry pancakes >>>>>
We all love Whitney houston !
An angry wife wondering what you're doing hanging out with lady gaga...
yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!q AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHN
So now they start calling #Macbook Air #MBA!! WTF!
Freaky ass!
Dolly Parton should have done that song as a Whitney tribute.
Looking at hitting up some #fashion #tradeshows for JenoLo Line...any suggestions #advice out there. I need 2 get my #hustle on
Eva Angelina or the woman in my building apt 1901 your choice.
stay tuned for an exciting announcement from cityLAB later today...
Hello LA
Told my students if I feel that they're not ready they wont perform next month
Scott Aukerman uploaded Behind the Irony Curtain
Make sure the ladder of success is leaning against the right wall
Day two of Jazz Fest, lunch was a duck po' boy, rose mint tea, and Zapp's potato chips. La Nouvelle Orleans, je t'aime!
the entire area around us has lost power :-(
problems of the rich.
God is my rock my refuge and all I need to make it from day to day
my favorite item from the ALDI Summer Seasonal catalog is the KingCraft 2400 PSI Gas Powered Pressure Washer
pretty well over here...u good?
My dad doesn't know why i'd trust anyone to hold my phone.........but if i can trust anyone not to mess with it...It's him
it might've been possible but I have no recollection of it. I only know a couple words. My mom never taught me growing up.
We will be extending our Back to School promotion until September 15th due to the delay in the Apple approval process. See www.IEPpal.com
I keep having that dream ,it been 3times already
Everyone from VI is blowing up my timeline!!! I'm just chilling like -.O
from that angle he looks kinda cute! Am I wrong? Lmao
I more hour of torture!
if you are moving you don't have to have a for sale sign
No, no. I just realized I had two fountain Diet Cokes at lunch. And didn't count them because they weren't in cans. Oh. No.
I hate hearing guys from boot complain that there away from home and complaining all the time. I knew what I was signing up for did you?
Finally going to bed after having mini-heart attack about an assignment I almost forgot about. Gah. Can't wait to take a break from school.
you would know that weirdo
So nervous.... And excited! But I can't wait to me you!
love you!!
no those are cougars that will be us but he will only be ours.
Gettin ready for work !!
#latenight taco craving
RT : Going to pop open a new listing...let's see what happens with no advertising except street signs..[try Neybor.com free]
r u really mad at eve cuz i know it is all fake but i still luv it and hope u get well soon!!!
Heading to for the opening night of the CTD film fest!
o m g im finna fight u for my boy
Have you heard of Google Wallet? It almost accomplishes the idea of having debit card on your phone.
Was something filming today on 16th just west of State? Saw lots of trucks and equipment this afternoon.
We've had so many false starts in the last 2 yrs that I think people are holding their breaths to see if it's sustained.
Wtf is corey gunz doing right now ? He aint even coming out with no heat
thank u but no way jose! Been there, done that, worst pain ever! Was gonna warn u to run!!! ;)
working on imprinted lip balm project for non-profit.
catching up on last season of South Park
The Mega Millions jackpot is now $640 million. You could sign Peyton Manning+Mario Williams+Vincent Jackson & still have 1/2 your $$$ left.
On Oracle: High system time utilization on fast machine
My pleasure! Your palettes are delicious :) RT thanks for the sweet RT
Happy Birthday for my son Dariel Estevez!!
Never would have guessed the only thing standing between tiger and the crown of best to ever play the game would be skirt. crazy.
No tips for you since the weather sucks
funny how your klout couldn't get you that…
Boys, these days..
..cant be loyal to smbdy thats not loyal to you"
Thank you. I had a blast. It was great scanning the insightful #wifilmfest gang each day. The final installment is near!
ACK! So upsetting- already worried abt coyotes- spotted in r neighborhood....
You said you were ok until now.
yea yea
Goodnight Twitter. Good night moon. Ah the joys of diaper changes and late night Twitter convos....
yay THANKS !!!!! I'll hit u Sunday to see what's poppin !!!!! Xoxo
why do you think you have it all figured out. Listen to the coach!
I lost three fucking bitch follower just fuck your self fucking pussy
There's a dude whose job it is to muddy balls for an MLB team? Cool.
how about a Spotted Cow??
The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.DeMille,C B.
What is up with JEEP pushing this "genetic engineering"? It bugs me when ads dumb us down, b/c you know some will now SWEAR cars have genes.
Loving ladygaga new album. I can't even pick a favorite since they're all so damn good. littlemonsters, keep being brave. :D
Another turnover? WTF #Packers! Donald Driver makes an awesome catch and then THIS? Get your heads out of your asses!
PCA's Law & The Arts seminar on copyright law is underway. Thank you to everybody who made it out. Now let's talk intellectual property!
Good Night! Art doesn't transform. It just plain forms. -Roy Lichtenstein
thanks johnny rocket Vegas casino!!!!! Merry Christmas!
Hope to see you back home in Austin soon.Hope my scene made it.It was an honor.Thank you.
I'm sorry...to you..but not to the Lakers. lol
I guess that combo is a fair and cheaper replacement for
It's pretty timely for our university. We're currently working on a web overhaul.
Being a grown-up is awesome.
Real love NEVER dies.
thank you
A3: Flexibility in team/org structures to allow for different communication/work styles.
Oh fantastic. On my way up to SF to finally get to the to try my Whiskey Business, and I forgot my winning gift cert at home.
"Your decision to be, have and do something out of ordinary entails facing difficulties that are out of the ordinary as well.
Tried to enroll in #amexredbox for May. Previous offer was for April. Response states already enrolled. Please clarify.
YEAH he did! RT : of killed it at #tnw2012 in Amsterdam!
Have fun at school!
I know who I can text! my bf!!!! oh wait....I don't have one. forever alone. lmao
Boys that text Slow af :/
it doesn't look like Tucson is in the system yet. You should check with to see when they will udate Tucson.
Very interesting use of video. Are any of them private? Or all public...
We would be happy to look into this for you. ^CS
Inspired by life
be the one who finds fault, and you're observant. be the one who looks for fault, and you're just annoying.
Damn HOSTING and thats my event. But had some biz out of TOWN. Catch u on the next #HOLLYWOODALLIANCE EVENT
vampire weekend- Run <33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
I have to live in the lamest neighborhood in america :( ......Countdown, 26 more days
I thought this tramp was gon give me an "A" in the class smh.... I mean I don't understand, she gave me the wink and the gun lol
shit lets get it in soon!
Not a bad obsession... try having one with Hopes High though!! ;)
Real happiness comes from friends and family, food and wine. We want to share in your happiness!
Who has good news about the economy? I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for a 'harbinger" today! =)
You're welcome, Brendan.
Everything happens 4 a reason/on time. Heard from 2 of my close friends today. NOW headed to Social (f/k/a Lenox Social) w/ Kyra :)
word bro
Sleeping to pass time
There's just some times when you need to blare "Shake It Out" in your ears at work. This is one of those moments.
One...Two...Many grape leaves
900 Followers!! I love all of you x))
me or pizza. LOOOL
Sometimes you just have to take the leap and build your wings on the way down. ~ Kobi Yamada
The difference being that Tebow is a below average QB and that Lin is playing like one of the best PG's in the NBA.
Strangers can become bestfriends just as easy as bestfriends can become strangers.
Interview today hope i get this scholarship
this is my 600 tweet soo proud of myself!
Where The Fuck Is Your Roster ! I Pull Up In That New New Maranira && Pasta .
Feeling grateful to have such wonderful Twitter peeps!
Sorry, no time for loser trolls today. Gots lots of work to do!
I could watch you for a lifetime, you are my favorite movie.
Well we can do the same as we did the last time, I want to know the sizes and how much they want, so i can be perpared in time
I just heard Jeff Suppan is starting for the Padres tomorrow against the Brewers. This is May 1st not April 1st right?
Never heard of the sock but I know how much pain you are having.
It's Official- Pittsburgh Steelers center Maurkice Pouncey will miss this Sunday's Super Bowl against the Packers with an ankle injury!
Courage isn't the lack of fear. It is the willpower to do something when you are scared to death to do it
iiiisssshhh I hate typos!!!
sounds great to me! So excited to catch up.
thk you -- I just emailed you.
2 more days left of school!
Since I'm about to record my show... any requests? Amy?
Chillin' and Grillin' sweepstakes - come in & fill out an entry form and you could win the Ultimate Tailgating Set Up! Sweepstakes ends 9/1
your near me, bomb.
- it's my choice. Seems like I can be a bit more productive up here on the 12th.
That's wonderful. Enjoy ur mother's day!!!
seems like you like the LA coastal scene.
On the set of with client , then headed over to ! See you there!
I don't wanna study for this chem test.
very good :-)
Any links you can share re: automation of map scan georeferencing? Sounds very interesting!
Early to DFW. 80 and sunny. AND I got bojangles? That's a good Monday morning, courtesy of
so sad I missed last night. Heard it was devine from a few. Tell me more!
my birthday is coming soon!!
If you missed on , please believe she's headed for the #soul Stratosphere!
My 80 y-o aunt is our family mom. Everyone has felt her loving care: her grandmother, mother, brothers, children & grands. Lucky us.
PLEASE FOLLOW MEE!!!! :)
Google gets first self-driven car license in Nevada Google's self-driven cars will soon be appearing on Nevada roads after the state's De
SHOW TONIGHT - Beat Kitchen - 7PM - 21+ - $8 - Ben Ripani Music Co. w/ Great Divide, The Damn Choir & Kerosene Circuit. See you there!
good morning to you too!
I'm finding the fact that it's snowing on #bitly highly irritating. And I'm not alone.
#Top100Lies I can't make it to work today. I'm sick. (cough cough)
not at all!
I'm more of a "High Fidelity" fan for best love movies...
I really need to watch Beyond The Mat again.
Haha, yeah it does. :D
will do! I'll talk to you tomorrow.
you need to cheer up
WHO U TALKIN TO SISSY I'M LOST...I HATE TWITTER LOLL
Beat The Buzzer is going up to $1,500 today!!! It's going to happen at 12p, 3p, or 5p!
hey. sry i can't be there in Maryland this wknd. Baseball conflict. I'll be opening for u on ur Indiana stops in August.
what's ups
30 more minutes until they finish adding more servers
you got the set up or space to record a jazz trio?
Hi !!! Your very first attempt at instagram was very successful in my opinion. Love the pic & your smile :)
I love you blake Ops i mean jazmine!(;
woohoo!! I'm so excited for you!!
help spread the word. New Church at SDSU The River coming soon!
Suprised he not sleep lol we just talking bout everything!.
Goal for next quarter: become more active on LinkedIn.
thanks bro...
you can't do that on television.
Thanks for the add! My focus is to bring the Beauty Counter to you! Stay tuned for Beauty tips all year!
It doesn't matter how long I have known you, or how much I loved you. When you become a liar, you lose me.
I know, Im a little late,
My summer is going gr8 fun$$
OH SNAP! RT Times Square generates about $110 billion in economic activity every year—about as much as Portland.
Yup. Really. Old pipes RT : Really? <Cold, of course. Warm water may have lead in it from pipes.>
Ah song 11:11 is playing right now on 98.5 the beat!!!!!
YES! GOOD JOB LOWE!
