Is a wooden board with 10 rusty nails poking out of it recyclable? My girlfriend thinks so!
We are too!
Master chef in the building 
Us too! RT : NFTE Chicago is excited to partner with to develop a pilot financial literacy program for CPS Schools!
Food! Food! Food! Chefs! Chefs! Chefs! Yay :D
I'm slowly getting more and more attracted to girls who play bass.
How does one lose a shoe downtown?
So many kids on the NJT ACRL Train to I feel so old walking forward to a quieter car!
awesome feedback! Thanks so much!!
Do you have a dental question you'd like us to answer? Email us today at and we'll answer you in our blog!
SILVERLAKE Farmer's Market HERE WE COME!!! SAT. Morning 10am-2pm
I'm really sorry about your mother ♥
Excited to learn from the best at today's PR+Social Media Summit
house music pumping, people drinking beers on rooftops, must be Spring in Brooklyn...
Moment you share empowers the moment of learning and engagement. Great discussion at Bridging the Divide.
But real talk though, if you come at me when it's rainy and shit out I'm liable to bite your head off.
There are only two more days left in our 54th annual sale! Hurry in to get some great deals!
I know you do child
okay lena dunham's boobs. okay then. okay.
damn! Oh well. That's freakin' awesome that you're going to be working on it though!
I I I I I DNT WANNA HAV TO PUSH YO TOP BAKKK..
Love what you have…Forget about what you’ve lost…Don’t hope for what you can’t have and look forward to whatever is coming to you +_o
Without music... I would be died... XD
this made me laugh so hard <3
MAKING A WISH.
wonderful! congratulations, miriam!
True. But grandparents are the only people I've met who only think of PJ/Nirvana re: Seattle. 2 more bands than most cities
I wish that I can high FIVE you right now for that! LOL :D
don't they charge to send the cards though??
WAY TO GO TCU Horned Frogs! 'The" OSU must play the Little Sisters of the Blind instead of the Sisters of the Poor? Huh Mr. Gee? LOVING IT!
8-79 "Big Daddy Ritter" regains the Calgary Stampede version of the North American title by beating Jake Roberts
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 43
coded conversations with disclosure get old
Sadly I've been classically conditioned to associate the smell of RedBull with the urge to consume C2H5OH
That was on Friday night. Unless I'm getting this tweet late...
Fear. So Far Gone.
bre y kenny lienn he said he wouldnt go out with u cause u like way too many boys he told me n tj that ..since dat nigga tlkin.
I Love It
Thanks for the S/O. A lot of cool stuff in the RAVN pipeline... more cities + announcements soon.
Just found out having a Va Jay Jay costs $2,500 a year in maintenance. That's more than it costs to service my Subaru.
Safe in Maui... Onto LA!
I have a serious crush on ! Is it wrong to date ur boss? If it is I quit !!
Oh i actually had a brilliant idea and read the measurements. Duh! Just ordered..can't wait. thx.
Hates it when I wake up for work... And its my day off... Ya hear me!! :) its all good though I do love my job
Thanks && for featuring us as Band of the Day RT !! We appreciate everything you do !!
Q: What's the best Minus The Bear album?
A few new things in the mix! Just about ready to announce February's special guest at Red Kiva! Stay tuned party people!
So happy I fell asleep early last night,now my day isn't ruined
I'm sorry. Lol
My dorm bathroom is a straight-up battle scene .no hygiene
Last night... no. Just no.
Thank you very much for following our Twitter account!
Been there, done that, can't afford the T-shirt...
Congratulations!!!! I wish you a lifetime of happiness and love with your best friend!
That's true, Sarah, if it requires so much concentration that I KNOW I'm watching a show, that's a bummer.
come here this weekend or the weekend of June 1.
Can't wait to see Gene Lamont wave in some Tigers runs at the K
a bowl of Lucky charms & a banana for breakfast...Goodmorning tweeps!!
looking for a car, lol. youu?
My phones about to die :( 9% left.
Your the man, Chris. Watching the recorded 1st hour of your Up show. Your the best new thing in the world today!
Cousins medical school graduation !
I just need to bitch occasionally to keep my sanity. Still in good spirits and looking forward to the Tigers game tonight
So I wake up to see was tweeting me and last night! Why did I have to go to sleep..?!
Visiting tonight!
Chase bank is robbing us blind, wake up america!
I feel you 😖
Party at shannons! 
Love the new space! Very cool.
no i don't want to wait :(
Ha, don't I know it. Hope you and had fun nonetheless! ;) Yes, , where you be?
i dont like handjobs bitch i like head
My bubby is leaving for Mexico tomorrow. -_-
I pop in every so often! Shepp's a free jazz guy who made it through and is still active at 74 yrs old. Similar to Coltrane
HOT DayS R ThE OneZ I HavE ThE MosT FondesT MemorieS YeT TO DatE
One of the few times I'm actually right on time my partner wants to be odee late smh
A2: Agree with many, PRSA luncheons and activities are the best places to make a personal connection..
I WANT TO THANK EVERYONE THAT HAS WISHED ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY TODAY!! IT MEANS A LOT
if you're not pumped for the teamtsp contest then you should be because this is going to be awesome c:
You've really acclimated well to the careless, rude and disgusting culture that is NYC. Welcome
yea, I thought it was the weirdest thing to say...
How do you network on mobile? will share what he does.
ok i gotcha :)
Oh, I guess readers cannot see page views only you ?
Don't answer that. I'm kidding. I'm purposely keeping my exposure low.
Ugh. People should just accept the fact that the world DOES revolve around me.
#10ThingsIWantToHappen I want to meet so so bad. She has seriously made such an impact on my life.
Great job anchoring today!!
gotta chek out ur site. pleased to tweet you.
#SeacrestWins #BranchesMomSmarts : My mom always told me to pack two jackets for red carpets, always wondered why. Now I know.
It was in reference to that sweet video you guys posted.
At the end of the day, she's still a puppet people. *She* can't actually hear.
Looking forward to Soror on Ready for these other folks to sit it on down.
Patrick Stump killed that "This Is How We Do It" cover
Been throwing up the past 12 hours.
I like your shoes.
Yes thank you very much
#3WordsForYou I love you.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down. -OW
My* phone.
Hi Richard, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand the customer's experience Follow 2 DM?
we miss you here in LV buddy!
Can't sell your house because you don't have equity? www.littleoldladybuyshouses.com can help.
SORRY FOR PARTY ROCKIN'
Taste & see that the Lord is GOOD!-Psalm 34:8 Starve your flesh of its desires and be filled with the goodness & faithfulness of God.
Aw thanks! :) its a really long story why but all you can do is pray plz!
Who do you think had the best performance of the night?
Are you attracted to those who are great, and want you to know it?
thank you pretty girl! Love YOU!
Musicians: You should probably worry LESS about how many Facebook 'Likes' you have, & MORE about who 'Likes' the music you've made.
Betty, really? Why are you doing this?
My fantasy-crush Madison Bumgarner pitches tonight. Thank god for the MLB TV package...
the things I miss when I can't overlay the radio feed. sadface
... planning a series of meetings at ALA on Tuesday about development of a "data dashboard" ...
Trying to convince my husband that, on account of daylight savings, I really need to go to bed now. 7 pm is the new 8 pm, right?
#RT I sometimes feel as though the world is ass-backwards. There's no need to explain it, cuz if u dont get it, you probably a cause of it
Just got voted ''most likely to marry Justin Bieber''. Hahahahahaha.
The Highly Worrisome U.S. Unemployment Situation - Seeking Alpha
thank you Joyce!
Imma be who I set out to be, without a doubt, undoubtably, & those who looking down on me, I'm tearin down your balcony.
#globalwarming scientist Richard Alley's new PBS specials airing April 22.
it's been submitted for judgement by the board of buffalo
very cool! Ya I dig LOTR, pretty much interested in most films that are fanboy'ish. I'm just a lover of films and lots of tv.
Yeah, beat it O!!! So overrated!
I couldn't contain my excitement this moring!! :)
That's great!
My soul has died! How is that book Young Adult????
RT : I think I'll attempt a style from this weekend. So many to chose from just a matter on if I can do them lol
Looks like there's been a bit of inflation since the days of "a penny for your thoughts". Best wishes!
the Bouvier was robbed!!
...and I still feel that I go home to my family, not the other way around), but I do find a strong sense of self...
"Hunger Games" film comes out today!!! So stoked!!
oh stop it, you're too kind! i was serious though, im not a sarcastic fella
Even my birds are singing
strong hold is weakening is on top of their game in fighting these militants. #24 dead over wk.end
"Success w/o honor is like an unseasoned dish. It will satisfy your hunger but it won't taste good!" >Ironic JoePa quote
What is the point of a Riot again? I never could make sense of that!
No twitter for a while. . .
sorry can't be there to watch you today. Been on vacation spending $ in San Diego this week
#following back manito
:) RT : Fourth #Brewers bobblehead of 2012 will be given on 7/1 presented by Klement's. THE ITALIAN RACING SAUSAGE BOBBLE!
She was a fashion icon, w/clients from Paris to Saigon, from her office she viewed the horizon, on her wrist a bracelet of gold& diamonds
I just got birthday flash mobbed by my best friends , heather platt and my boyfriend Best gift ever.
Starting a fruit/veggie/water detox for the next 3 days with &
it starts at 2:45 right?
Didn't even hit the club wit and had fun wit her! Has to be a next time!
of course mawmaw carols Mac and cheese! 👍
If you can’t hold a conversation — and be a good listener — then very few will want to network with you.
good news is i have a perfectly seasoned roast in the crock with rutabaga, carrots and onions
no actually when i sent you that email asking you to do that i actually did want you to do that.
Well we got ahead of ourselves! Tmrw is LETS GET PHYSICAL FRIDAY! wear you 80s #Workout attire & get in for #FREE!
At Uhaul borrowing a truck to transfer all donated computers to another storage facility. :)
I just wanna be good to you <3
how about "next stop, GENDA?" Transfolk need jobs more than they need pot.
I miss u Katie.Heaven will be kind. No more pain.I hold you tight in my heart.
would you offer your throat to the wolf with the red roses?
we love you all. we'll be back soon. stay hungry. stay foolish.
we BOTH just hash-tagged MNF, even though it's Sunday. Yup, long day.
boyd, met you at an event in DFW with Wes Peterson, I'm writing a book and thought of you, curious, who do you publish with?
you say that everytime and you don't get shit
Sometimes you have to cross the line just to see where it lies.
nevermind.. I understand. Blame it on my hair color.
thanks! nothing but nuts!
In my mind sounds like oh... When I'm gone it feels like oh.....
Only if you're drinking acai juice! It too is a Pacman for cancer. Cancer Pacmen everywhere!
I remember that from The Sandlot! “: RT Heroes get remembered but legends never die #55 #FightOnForever”
Either you had a very privileged childhood OR you've been dabbling in the world of NipTuck. Regardless; We Approve
you two are gorgeous
Statistically, your chances of winning the lotto are not measurably improved by buying a lottery ticket.
Henry Clay People, She and Him, Pearl Jam
Does anyone have a bike that they don't want anymore???? I'm in need of one!
Recipe: Authentic Taco Truck Cinco de Mayo Pork Tacos - Washington Times
13 coins! What a delightful place.
Good old Milwaukee
New location of H&M in Cumberland Mall. Nov. 19. Stylist Gretta Monahan offers fashion tips. First 100 in line get $10 - $100 gift card.
no I live in new York
The Bob Seger concert tonight was so awesome! another rockin' night!
Thanks so much for following me, Lynn!
I checked out ya video shit was hot
yay I'm excited! I'll be able to have somewhat of a social life now! Ah
: any ideas? RT : Do y'all have a traveling lab program? How about any resources on Forensic Entomology?
Starting today, #ForrestGump "quote of the week" every week. Enjoy!
That was gift I have her :)
Entraction Latest Online Poker Network to Rebrand: Now Known as IGT Poker Network .
You know that uneasy feeling when you have a lizard lost in your house? I have it. Right now.
Its about the process, not the product; attention to the process yields a good product
what happens when you lose trust with an old friend? it's hard to renew the relationship. sad.
thanks Bee, very interested in adding to your list of places to consider, amazed #Newark isn't on it yet, it's a fab town!
Pretty good, just enjoying my life at the moment :), How's your's going ?
#Professor Scott Warfield from #music department addresses LIFE #students today on #university campus in
"Paint a black hole blacker"
congrats Matt #JamesBeardAward. Clap clap clap !!!
From the AP: The Department of Defense says a 21-year-old Wisconsin soldier has died in Afghanistan. Spc. Ben Neal was killed by an IED
Splendid. Couldn't be better. How are you?
I got a plan to get us out of here
The secret of life is in art.⁰- Oscar Wilde
What's the difference between a man and E.T.?E.T. phoned home.
Movies friday alone ''/
Boarding RT: Nashville, it's going to be a good one tonight w/ 30 mins to take the westbound train
wassup! How u doing. So happy for u, keep making that $$$ man!! Lol
I'm chill.
While opening gag gifts at bday party, The Teen: "Oh, white out!" She wasn't being sarcastic.
I'm working on being "warmer" to people. It's hard.
it's pretty obvious... Messi can't handle all of Ronaldo's Academy Awards
Hope to see you all on 5/18 in Denver!
thanks buddy, I appreciate that!
HELP PLEASE: What "career corner" question should we answer in our upcoming newsletter? Last time it was about salary negotiations.
GOOD LUCK, Emily!!! You've got this. :)
Aren't me and Christina just too cute.! Lol
hey dont forget that the jets win vs redskins loss 19-34 !!!
I get kind of emotional when I watch :p I've watched every single episode and this is the last one ever
I have so much I want to do today but it's not going to happen if I don't go to sleep soon. 😔
Mr. came here to kick ass and drink ice cold chocolate milk. And he's all out of ice cold chocolate milk.
yeah im loosin it (:
When your enemies are making mistakes, don`t interrupt them.
Reading Greenbuild program for fun
It's HOT in here. Can someone turn on the AC?
Ima do me .. So dont try to PLAY me !”)
wow are you serious?
I wear 14's in standard shoes and 19 in MOON BOOTS.
RT I'm taking my talents to South Beach...LOL. I'm takin mine to Bedford Hts. Today!!!
your amazing! & it would make my life, not just day, if you replied. What advice would you give to the PL liars?
A must listen RT We are changing today's show. The entire hour will be a tribute to
Considering I have school tomorrow, and will be home at around 4 AM, I feel like I'm gonna regret this. :'D
what u got ps3 or xbox
Hey , what do you think about a Pink for the ladies?
Alright, well I need to go to sleep. Past midnight. Goodnight all my lovely followers. Xx
Thanks for the follow, Panda!
Also seeking ways to convince grad students that DH is something they NEED to pay attention to no matter what their field is.
There you go! lol! :)
How cool is that?!?!?
okay just want to let you know..I use yolo as a joke, and not an actual excuse...though i should clarify
Ah ima be sleeping good tonight! :)
Seconded again! RT : Thanks for cosponsoring CAPP Act preservation tax credit bill w/ &
RT : Q4 Mix analytics, data driven mechanisms for delivering DAM images to the web/end user, youll find gold.
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "TSUNAMI" to the bartender and your first drink is free. Mahalo
Are you a musician in the #CLE? is looking for you! Sat, 6/23, 30 local musicians play on 30 porches. Always a good time.
.: Can you tell your followers about this weekend? Thank you kindly!
Using my to shoot video of my friend Amy getting current in the Cirrus this weekend! Her daughters will love seeing mom fly!
WHAT VID ARE YALL TALKING ABOUT?
If God brings you to it, He will bring you through it.
#little500 Where can I find the pictures from the Photo Booth before the Men's race?
Let's go Lakeshow
Happy to be sponsoring #bikenight all year long! Follow to find out what bike night we'll be giving away an iPad!
Wouldn't it be ironic if you died in the living room?
Suite Caroline to open for Alan Jackson this Spring.
Thanks so much for the mention!
I seriously wish I could lol
it's a triple date!
Oh aight, yeah I know he played @ a D1 school tho
Keep in mind, an excuse is a well thought out lie!
awe darn that's what I always used to get my gma so she could be smellin god 
what it do friend!!! Pumped for some new jams?!?!
Neither ning, flux or bigtent are cutting it!
nba tonight clippers vs lakers
Best YouTube comment ever: "Thumbs up if you're watching this in 1932."
Oceana! “: Tell us some more great places to eat in New Orleans?”
Was that Einstein I saw riding out of the galaxy on a flaming muon?
hey stranger follow back
entertaining my central teachers.:)
you are the BEST!!!
Hey Brides!!! Did you all have a great time at ?? #weddings #bridal So excited to have a few brides stop by on Saturday! :)
Will you be sharing your silde deck from #sccol online? SLideshare? SOme other site?
RT Donating Jason Varitek's personalized Military Catching Gear. All proceeds 2 for the
Wow. crazy morning already.
YES! RT : all digital signage goes up Monday thru the meeting, thanks to !! Get this submissions in!
Houston billionaire trader John Arnold retiring at 38
Ah yeah! Boston Demo Day!!! presenting.
"sausage finger support" should exist in all touch-screen apps.
tell Thor to man up
took me ages to break down to buy the ISO doc for #orgpedia. Feel utterly had and cheated.
I get bored far too easily, it's probably my biggest downfall.
storage will be extremely expensive...
“We are made to persist. That’s how we find out who we are.” -Tobias Wolff
Blast My Chemical Romance, And Fist Pound At Jersey Shore BITCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol XD
caller crying in on the bucks? Jeez come on its the bucks another 500 season and getting in the playoffs as a 6-8 seed as usual
Wow amazing hike, even included some rock climbing.. Got dark on the way back but thankfully I ran into some cool folks to venture back with
thanks for letting me know! =-D
yeah son! On everything there was this small Chick fil A in the airport.
next time - I promise!
I believe I have caveman roots. Sometimes I leave the house without putting on any moisturizer.
Can you please enable support for #Chrome? It's my #browser of choice, and ran QL the best when it was supported by you folks.
Welcome back to Florida :D
hey QUIT FAVORITING MY TWEETS
Just listening to Newt Gingrich makes my brain hurt
Whatsup haha it's seems like its been forever
Female spiders eat the male spiders after mating. They know collecting life insurance is easier than child support. RT
not so hot yet :/ but I'm sure it will come around!
#Top100Lies "I only have one pen.."
Boy do we need a logo and twitter avatar! Could someone with skillz help us out here?
Andre 3000 is such a boss.
Listening now! Congrats on adding Peter F! to your team.
With my bestfriend for the night. (:
Emma made the mistake of feeding Joel dried seadweed snacks. Joel: "it tastes like i used kelp-flavored binaca."
Right back at ya!
At least I got a call! :)
Skeeball league at mothers!! Coming Feb 2012
And what an awesome, loving family it is!!
Next motherfucker that calls me between 6am and Noon is gonna get a series of prank calls from hell. I'm seriously sleep deprived.
Time.for some naughty action come get your chance with a stunning young brunette alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
Shrimp tacos at Chili's. Yum.
My heart hurts a bit. Just heard girl in next rm @ drs go from happy to crying in 5 secs as she got a shot. Now I know how my mom felt.
THATS HOW WE DO. (:
I just had a random thought. If you went to a sale today, would it be a Black Monday Sale? #Happy MLK Day.
So many talented people in this city
well good night twitter,,, for now
Chris Kreider is filthy
": If you're absent during my struggle don't expect to be present during my success.- Will Smith"
sorry must have missed you! We're headed to Elysium!
Definitely got sunburn today...
Who can I mention ?
Happy #Pi Day/Diabetes Awareness Day
thanks and kk(:
Yeah, baby!
no, i'm not sure who made it. just got an email about it and thought i'd promote it
Just bought my tickets for prom.ITS OFFICIAL
ahh i was hoping nobody saw that haha.
No I got it. Have a good time. See you tomorrow.
what do you hateabout EFL textbooks ?
"I am burdened with glorious purpose" haha love the Avengers
A woman in a Q-Bert inspired shirt just ran through the British Library. Perhaps it would have been more appropriate for her to hop?
What do you think? Analyzing Hip Hop. Cambridge Companion to Jay Z. Just throwing things out there.
"You need to learn your education!" & "If you are in this room, you are on notice!" are my fav lines from last night.
i am a hunter just waiting for sat morning
why is perfect? ?
“: Use CONDOMS today or buy DIAPERS tomorrow..”
I know I need to hit at least 1 #Fiesta event...but I no longer dig the gigantic crowds. Any suggestions?
EXACTLY I ALWAYS DO THT
What's a good net flix movie?
:) Congrats on your thesis, by the way! That's great news.
that's how I am with parenthood!
S/O to the homie doing his thing!!
Give us an example.
If somebody else wrote your bio on here for you I'm going to stab myself.
Lol I think you re right luvya2
hi Matt can u please follow me Te Amo <3
Hey I'm on and off during the holidays, but will try to catch you when I make it on
Excited to see and their latest 5th member.
I really need to get away. Three more days of school (fml) then FLORIDA :)
HEY DUMBASS IM NOT TALKING ABOUT YOU. Chill your balls
Had a dream that I went through my entire school day... Now I think its Wednesday
My mom made me wear a ...I'll admit it ...head retainer...lmao!!!!
The GOP will lose if Newt's the nominee..too many unethical, insider lobbying & big government deals.
Check out our friends at and try their Cuttlefish Cuvee, aged in wine barrels.
Thanks for following me! Hope you like my art!
City slowly coming back to life, lots of people walking in streets when sidewalks blocked, devon plowed, side streets not
its at the arena theater
I think should write a song and ft What do you guys think(: Hmm(:
CP3 is having an off day for sure.
John ate all the food does that get u mad lol
Let's go cowboys!!
Hell yeah, I feel good
Big bark-out to our new followers! We appreciate all of you!
plzz followw me I lovee u guys so much
At B&N cafe, devouring entrepreneurial books: Maverick Startup & The Power of Unpopular.
thanks love! Your the best
Just got back from a lovely Sunday drive :) went exploring and took some pictures. I hope they came out well.
Watching through my fingers. I don't usually have $ on the line.
Heart Disease Kills More People in Poor Countries Than AIDS, Malaria, or TB ... - Slate Magazine
should come to Omaha, Nebraska and play a show :)
I'm back baby!! Wedding and honeymoon are over; time to get this machine rolling again!
Fantasy Baseball Waiver Wire Pickups – Week 6 Pitchers
Do you give Being Photogenic lessons? Because I need some badly.
Sandalwood Rose soap is a mixture of "woodsy" and sweet fragrances. Perfect for a man or a woman.
lol no chance bob sinclair. He got a delux, heart you but not possible
If you don't know too much about my personal life, there's a reason. You'll see what I want you to see.
He was wearing a #Kembas Only jacket
#BoyzHitCanada plzz we're out of the U.S and if you came here it would be the most exciting thing ever if you saw plzz RT
Hold me when I'm sad, kiss me when I cry. Make me laugh when I'm down, and love me until I die.
looking forward to this EP everyone is talking about.
Bills have two of the top 3 draft picks in 06 with Vince Young and Mario Williams
Great picture!
All things considered, having a Kathy Smith pep talk was a good way to end the week.
Phrase "we want to go from data to knowledge" perpetuates reductionist approaches to both. -
Y'all are assholes. RT : she's such a douche-__-
With being classy & talented I thought she would have saved last ngt over Mr bad attitude. Talent doesnt =success.
I challenge you to start to begin to think positive everyday and see what happens. You will be amazed at the results.
Thank you very much!
director, writer, & producer
I wish I could buy a haircut online.
If I email or fax you a scan of a thing I signed, why do I then need to mail you the original? Why wouldn't I just mail it to begin with?
Need new people to text.
Thanks very much for the RT. I love New Mexico.
same here hey dm me?
That awkward moment when the bar bathroom features nicer hand soap than what's available in your apartment.
our pleasure!
The Cab is playing tonight at Warehouse Live!
#c21nonhuman we have tweet paralysis & yet will all share a far off look in our eyes of those who witnessed & tried 2 meet w/ Morton's mind
Thanks to my moms stupid car, I won't be attending escuela today.
I tell em' I'm saving myself for Mr.right
Got the final copy of my demo video. Still not happy with the material on it. It'll work for now. I guess I'm picky but it is MY CARRER!
Was this the right thing to do? Are we doing this right? I was so right then, but it feels so...different now.
It's good to be back.
If you are at #dse2012 in Vegas today, keep a look out for our VP Tim Gorman.
Too much snow! Lol
I've really enjoyed it. It gets away from circular arguments on design offering something pragmatic and theoretical.
Birthday celebrations: Adams Morgan or Barrack's Row? Thoughts Twitterverse?
nice and sexy
no problem i'm in debt anyways ...and yea they'll have them for game 4 and 6
I like my woman soft spoken, But my weed loud.
wait... what? when did i miss this announcement?
see you there!!!!
We need event host sites! Send a message, for further details.
Thanks for the shout out. Right back at cha!
Tie btw Grape and Apple!
HEY YOU! sign up for the guard class.
So I guess the employees at Jiffy Lube are used to people spitting in their face...?
Another day and another step closer to making my dreams come true.
I can certainly check on availability for you, but you'll want to book online or call our in-house reservations...con't
Men can be hoe's too.
I really hope i'm not getting sick
I think im gonna release an unreleased song I did with later today!
So grateful to get my hot yoga fix this am. Here I come slow flow. Babies need a new face for a few hrs as well.
There's always that one person that makes you want to raise your middle finger every time they speak to you
came to LA for college and have stayed here since. love adventure, travel and meeting people. unsure of life but who isn't.
A guy in uniform ☺👍
has a cat problem. lol
SO READY.
we have all day tomorrow though :)
Happy birthday!:))
RT : No Country for Poor Men
Reading ' Miss Peregrine's Home For Peculiar Children. I may have to watch a kid's movie before bed to avoid nightmares tonight…
Gimme head before we fuck
Quora gets top people in multiple industries to answer difficult questions - a high qualitative difference from other sites.
If anyone would like to know I am from the ground as said I am a potatoe!
it would mean 1 class mon, wed, every other friday and the other class tues, thurs, every other friday. Or some schedule like that
I don't want to put on uniform 😒 ugh
I'll stop tweeting now.
NaLee a vividly rich mermaid fantasy sexy and mysterious and bold check it out NaLee2010.com or Amazon.com
Graduate in June & still looking for a job? Check out the Columbus Career Fair this Wednesday, 10:30a-2p at the Aladdin Shrine Temple.
we're pretty excited to show them off! Hope they turn out!
Eh, I can live with that.
that was an amazing video! :-D
we had press box spillage on a shirt. Coke is the culprit.
1 of the most wonderful smells in the entire world is the scent of fresh coffee beans being ground
Someone at work today decided to include a male coder on a project email and left me off. I'm project lead. Have been for > a year
Did you skip geography classes? Are you saying that Westmoreland County counts as Pittsburgh proper?
Can’t decide what we’re looking forward to the most today. Volleyball, people-watching, or buckets o’ beer…..
I just love <3
Moracco bomb an accident? Come on now!
Heck yeah! Thanks!
I hope you'll come back to me.
tough choice! Let us know what you decide.
today is my birthday, he bought me a baseball game ticket.
'': Round of applause!!!'' yes I know the nuggets got a crucial road win
At urban active
I ate an entire baguette by myself today. And I made scones. Now I feel gross and want to barf.
rub one out it'll help you sleep real quick lmfao
Mine & emoji convo at this moment >>>>
Hey is DJing at Mobys in Fells Point tonight
:- ) ... few statewide losers like him
Welcome to the twitter world!!!
you guys are gonna be the best roomies ever
jeans yes
Congrats! I just saw GradFly won 3rd place at this weekend. Awesome!
Just ordered some nice flower bouquets to give to both my grandmothers tomorrow. There are so many beautiful flowers in Medellin.
As long as I grade it and get it back to you within the class period, you're fine.
Don't we all lol": I need jesus"
Hey let's you, me, and play some shows. You in?
Standing the bathroom of the Boy Scout Museum seeking shelter from tornadoes.
Oh hello there gorgeous attractive guy at Barnes & Noble.
Love acting stupid w ❤
Sorry for your lost.. RT : RT : #Fielder's goodbye?
"Drupal" sounds like the name of a sad orphan boy from India.
never. I follow you b/c great content, always informative, always professional.
All I need is a Lil of your good time
yes, yes it will :') lol hopefully
hungry ass lil boy!... i dont got my whip
What the hell it was sunny with clear skies today & all of the sudden I see lighting? -.-
Pretty excited for Dr. Lowery too! I feel assured she will be a good steward for our RTT grants.
If suspending Amare & Diaw for leaving the bench in 07 was just following the rules then Rondo better be suspended for the bumping the ref
Are you (have you ever been) in a relationship in which you feel badly treated by your partner? In what ways?
Listening to my mom sing on her college gospel choir record......im beaming right now. I love hearing her sing.
Houston Hoops v Athletes First goes into OT
Finishing up the final scripts!
what bout him
Did he just say he bout to come ova..come if u want Yo ass gon b outside..wanna b a dog I'ma treat u like 1 
Merry Christmas If you were a reindeer, you'd be the "buc"-est of 'em all baby!!
i've decided to be a coffee-drinker again. or maybe my baby and wife decided for me.
The Fibonacci sequence converts miles to kilometers—for each number in the sequence (miles), the next number is the same distance (km).
In case you're not paying attention anymore, Kloppenburg just opened up a 140 vote lead with 10 precincts left to report.
Why would an agent want to talk to will sheehey or Peyton Siva? Every top recruit gets an extra look from NCAA. Because its uk, it's public
LOL I haven't even heard it yet - send that to me!
Favorite villian = Maleficent. Has her own beauty. Calm, collected & in control. Knows how to use power & when.
Did you have like, the trading cards?(:
Make one person happy each day even if its yourself. :)
I hate how my mom holds onto my money...
fersure, wii wheel meat won dey
Ugh I hate living on Cleveland Ave. In Altanta Ga
#10thingsaboutmyself I'm single and ready to mingle
good luck!
Thanks! RT : My favorite resource right now is - finding new and unique voices in #highered worth following.
I wish i was on the titanic.<3
Great game, whenever that was.
Congrats to for winning the 3rd quarter pool!
How did I get talked into being a pregnant ninja tonight? What's your #Halloween costume, peeps?
got my cooking life focused again...all I do now is cook and make beats
BRING YOUR BOOK TOMORROW!!!!! LOL ;)
I don't want to struggle no more I know that I deserve so much more I shouldn't have to settle for less I don't want to live 2 check 2 check
Wow wow wow
Our records show that we haven't heard back from you regarding revisions sent - have you tried contacting our customer care?
": grad students: write a dissertation on the appropriation of the V for Vendetta masks by #Anon and #OWS. Success will follow."
I read your letter to Danielle wow that's so sweet
Sinus infections suck :(
Great blog! Thanks, ^Carel.
Forgot to mention new Loofah Bar "Bountiful Bar" round big bodacious loofah/soap that scrubbs "not only your fee!t but your whole body
Watching NHK news and can't help but read the names of the deceased as they scroll across the top of the screen...
Stop being a fucking bitch to me, I did nothing.
Marcio Liete feeds it to Hewerton for another goal. Lead pushed to 13-8 over
#makesmesmile my nephew getting excited about making the highlights on #SportsCenter! "TiTi, Derrick Rose on my tv!!!"
praying for your happiness hope that you recover.
No cell service in the Berkshires, but experiencing some music magic already - heard a Russian men's quartet wafting from a nearby church.
With Verizon iPhone do you pay separately for text messages or is that included in data plan?
especially given that income fell 2.2% I suppose now is certainly the wrong time for a tax increase? or is it the right time?
Thanks for the mention. Back atcha.
Boulder's Home of the Blues tonight at 7:30! We're lookin' forward to this one - should be a hoot!!
The pencil I'm holding says, "Someone has to win. Why not you?"
relishing this last day of vacation. It took me two days to wind down. a three day vacation is just a tease.
And remind people, that under a Republican, Bills like the "NDAA" would become Law. Pres. Obama is standing firm on his Veto of said bill.
Yes, with O365 and / or a two factor authentication / VPN situation.
When your phone goes off in class and everyone starts coughing to cover up the ring tone from the teacher. Well done team.
after ur bday rented the great muppet caper. similar to the nyc one there r a lot of refrences that most kids would never get
"Giving is very important BUT receiving is also equally important"
BC Kidd is not known for that. They knew it was accidental.
Anybody can rap, but is where it's at ;).
atl with this music i told u rick ross producer got my mixtape but everybody think im rushing moving to fast
Wow. I hate you.
Tell chris mintz-plasse to follow me please man he is my bro and you are 2
Why is it 100000 degrees on this bus??? Seriously I feel like I'm going to throw up
same with Stanford's government docs. Total earthquake death trap
I am unthankful for this #Nickelback performance at the #Packers half time show.
#Shoutout to my daughter
New term for me in future of BI session @ #premier100conf -"ITization of the consumer"
FYI - Our town hall meeting in Ward 7 on Tuesday evening has been moved to Pennsylvania Avenue Baptist Church
Some of Firehook's older customers will no doubt remember our very first store, on Lee Street, one block up from the Old Town waterfront.
Spelled your name wrong.
ok introducing you two on twitter now ;)
Thanks for the RT !
Cried this morning when I read about Mariano. The 1990s are over.
I want Austin to be famous and all, but not in my school. Anywhere else but there. Girls obsess over his looks, not his talent.
Thinking that all the settings are hooked up between Twitter, Facebook and ReverbNation. ::Crossing fingers that this message gets through::
Four horses were rescued by helicopter in Southern California after toppling into a ravine on their annual 4-day, 62-mile ride
Just finished photographing a great house in Tanoan for Lisa Guggino of Keller Williams Realty. Photos will be uploaded soon...
#3floydspub in a bit Zombie dust on tap what's good 🍺🍺🍺
Me, too! Committee of teachers! Double LOL. Misery loves company!
lmao...i know better than to say something like that!!!
OH WOW NO UR SUBSCRIBERS ARE FAKE like u HES WAY BETTER
thanks for the include and sending you good vibes and all! ♥
that sucks. I thought she would be nice. Have changes started?
somebody be my chauffeur because I dont feel like driving
Our website just launched!! www.seventy7productions.com visit there for more updates!
that's the kind of backside that Smokey on Friday would say #DAAAAAMMMMN!
it will certainly save me a boat load of money and then i can buy that sewing machine (I wanted to shout that)
oh man, in my incident he was crawling around the set on all fours...
#Random I Love Redbones
Just a kiss is enough (:
What sort of godless Communist isn't down with #rapperswithbananas?
I wish Alex Jones and all his listeners would deboard their spacecraft.
awww thank you :D
Follow for more the baby grand stuff!
; RT if you love all your fans (;
is so hot in my hose smh
agreed, that shit is classic
its not finished though
how did Oregon do today? R u happy?
Thanks,you can enjoy in you`re day!
Wow, I'm impressed dear!
Opening a new escrow today! Its still a great time to buy real estate, give me a call today!
awesome game! RT “: Way to go Kansas. What a great game!!! Bring it Kentucky.”
Simple Ways to Knowledgeably Choose a Cycling Bicycle That You Desire
Yes, me too! That's how you know she's been involved in the designing process... I see a part of her in every piece.
S/o hit his 1st game winner against STL Eagles. Nice put back, way to crash the boards! REBOUND KAVIN!
We care about the story over data but realize that even funders have boards that demand data to prove investment success.
Ill be your friend, or i could be your 2nd girlfriend (;
That's nice. What? How much is the salary nmn? And when are u gonna start teaching?
Yes, even retaining parity of D2's feature set would be an improvement. :) Surprised, given the value of retaining players.
same here
Congrats! way to go with honoring teachers tonight!
Twitter ... for now you are my only social media ...
By Twitter's very nature, we invite the voyeur into our lives. We're exhibitionists.
RT : RT : Cold beer, free BBQ, live country music all at the 3rd Annual Texas Brew B Que Festival in Buda!...
Congratulations to Woody Allen: "Midnight In Paris" wins The Writers Guild of America's top honor, "Best Original Screenplay." OSCAR!!
Doppest beats ive heard inna while!...L's Up!
dadyj told me id have to work it...If i wanted to roll with u....
Missing my boo already 😥
Good morning - we're checking on our KY, TN and North GA friends; hope everyone and their furry friends made it through the heavy storms...
Will there be lamb at the tailgate? M can't wait.
I wouldn't say that you a hoe, just made a hoe decision.
Our society definitely needs overhaul in #values. #Chastity, #self-respect, not necessarily associating #sex w/love must be taught.
Listening to "the only band that ever mattered"...
Real tweet, Scott fell from his balcony at the shore club many floors down & by the grace of God landed on lil Wayne's balcony! Lol
well come see us again some time! We're announcing some dates very soon
BREAKING NEWS: CBS News is estimating Rick Santorum as the winner in Minnesota.
what about it?
hmm...a lot of sirens in OTR today....wonder what's going on??
#imagine you are at this party and you are dancing when Niall comes from behind u and pulls u closer to his body and you have a dirty dance
CEC Derby Day - be listening to Chris & Monica on KPLA during the 9am hour!
LinkedIn Tip of the Day-Be sure to add Skills to your profile (up to 50). LinkedIn has tipped their hand on just how important this will be…
you were right I wouldn't think so
Wall St. following yesterday's pattern. Key averages rally off early lows.
RT : Why can't I do my Sociology paper?! No motivation whatsoever.
Notes and cards are more than signs of appreciation, they suggest someone is not only courteous, but well bred.
The sale starts 11pm eastern. I can not wait..
sick of goading his self-loathing he thinks, i think i'd better leave 'course whiskey makes me smarter and i'm happy as can be
'water for elephants' is such a cute move.. Love love love Reese Witherspoon !!
tezza that is great news. It's all bc of how hot you are in it!
RT I know! That is hands down my favorite place to run in the city:)
#YouNotUglyBut You attitude is
Sometimes I look at my friends and think to myself, "Where did I meet these crazy people?" But then I think "What would I do without them?"
I would love to talk to you about that!
Proud to be drama/sucka free.
The Easter egg hunt at Patterson Park today has been canceled.
Know of any commercial kitchen vacancies?
follow back beautiful and tell your friends to follow as well and we will hook you up!! :)
touche! If Boston keeps the offensive up the Yankees are in for a bumpy ride in that series!
“: Zack Greinke threw 76 pitches today, and estimates at least 20 of those were cut fastballs. #Brewers”
For a last minute gift idea how about a gift card for sod? Nothing says Happy Holidays to the ones you love better than sod.
The first plans: Chaco Canyon and mountain biking in Cloudcroft.
RT old programmers never die, they just lose it bit by bit. [cute and scary]
What would you pay per month for guaranteed parking 100% of the time no matter where you go?
Thank You! I #love being a part of the team!! :) RT : We love having you on the team!
Gonna Watch ATLEAST 30 More Times Before It Comes Out On DVD
Thank god for that totally authentic and not hokey at all salute to the troops during the NFL Draft.
Thru the darkness the light enables u 2 see that u needed the darkness to see the light
Great to run into you by chance!
ok all try telling him ok!!! Hahahaha
stocks for dummies is a good one. I have it and its a good one
So...I'm getting sick. Yay.
Increased the Awesomeness!
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. ~Mark Twain <--- ain't that the TRUTH! RT :
Up...bored & alone of course :/
yay! My stepdaughters are in love with that stuff! I'll be cool for 1/2 a minute if I pick one up for them!
Is this pre or post coitus? ATL in 4 days. Hell yeah!
Wish I could turn back the hands of time.
pulled my quad today...it feels great.
haha I saw this during math and it made me laugh out loud. Haha.
Card 74, where are you?!
We were so close, RT Bites: Restaurant Review: Upstairs at the Ten Bells in London
It takes two to speak the truth - one to speak, and another to hear
We are very thankful for our customers. Thank you!
should I work on the 20, 25, or 30 pager today? Decisions, decisions.
idk get him on here
Sounds like some of ch 7's occasional automation errors. #joke. Hey, when does Craig come out of repeats? Next week?
Some pple are delusional. Few basics. FB friends r not always true friends. U can't expect to have a bf relationship with ur ex.
Patti left for a writing retreat this morning and left her iPhone on the kitchen table. Do you think she is communicating something?
The new turntable.fm lobby is a nice upgrade
Patience is of Essence. Most skin growth conditions require more that one treatmen .keloidsurvey.com
Any one know how to resize the window an embedded #GoogleDoc text document appears in?
Thanks..coming soon“: Aren't you doing any more movies? Loved your Turiya act in 's GNGM actually.”
Listening to my police scanner.... Its goin down tonight.
lol I'm waiting for this follower to get their LIFE TOGETHER! Lol
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed it.
c'mon Google+! let me use my invite! please! :P
ladies love me
The past was brought up in conversations THREE times today. I hate thinking of things and getting sad. :(
I'm wearing yellow pants today:D
Telemedicine company 1DocWay increases patients access to specialists & expands hospitals reach into underserved areas
Sorry Ted Turner, it's #COYOTE TIME
What's a man's idea of foreplay? A half hour of begging.
yeah I do remember ...still too bad
If ya drink, dont drive. If ya drive, dont drink. And if you must drink and drive.... Drink Crown Royal... Dats good sh*t! just jokes!!!!!
No Soy Solo una Fan, Soy una Party Rocker de Corazón ♥♬
Who do you like for best picture? Avatar?
wHO WAS THE 100TH LIKER PLEASE COMMENT I WOULD LIKE TO GIVE YOU A SHORT STORY/IMAGINE! ~ASHLEY
Any celebs attending the "Ring" next week? http:/www.jarrettburch.com
text me back!(: lol
I'm a hit you up
Need some point in the Hawaii Bowl! Lots of them...
happy birthday! :)
Does anyone have any idea how to get a book into the iTunes Bookstore.? I have a crazy idea.
Lotta hype about Peter Luger being the best steakhouse in NYC. we shall see.
Omfg my phone is about to die*looks for charger n Walgreens to plug phone in*finds socket*
get out the popcorn. Enjoy the show.
I walk into my room to see in gold booty shorts listening to Japanese pop music all by himself... this is my life.
Ooh cam hardly wait to get my hands on these
Consider: A week's supply of weed for an average smoker is a FELONY! Keep it in the house, or keep my number in your phone! 713-222-7577
Can u ever get too close to someone???
yep he's cracking the whip....LMFAO
Bitches be Fallin in love too easy these days... And they wonder why they get their heartbroken so often.
Things happen for one reason
Refresh Jail u can catch me on instagram: Polo_Tae24
can't wait to hear speak to about the power of engaging women!
I'm writing a fanfic! RT to be Zayn's girlfriend. Favorite to be Zayn's bestfriend! (must be following me)
"He was greasing the monkey right there. Now by greasing the monkey I mean he was taking the monkey and applying greast to it"
yes we should lmao
I was just caught off guard! they came out of nowhere!
this e n t i r e week has been weird.
Monday is the best day of the week. No more of that weekend crap. We get the pleasure of going back to working for The Man. Best feeling!
Boy am i gonna have a long day!goin to bed close to 2:30 and gotta wake up at 6:00 2 be ready at 7:00!
where are you, twin?
Deal reduces Greek debt ATHENS, Greece - Greece's private creditors agreed Friday to take cents on the euro in the biggest debt write-dow
Holmstrom doesn't know what he's going to do, admits the pain and lack of ice time plays a huge factor
Officially for in your bridesmaid dress Girlfriend .... Actually a little lose :)
Once inside, she observed a 2 to 1 ratio of guys to girls at the party. Is this correct?
yea will see, that's why we ate a super power and you bow down, plus your country can't go into debt, for what theirs nothin
I got a $20 bill that says no one's ever seen you without make up...
oh hhaaha! what kind is it?
My no-spill bubble tumbler is pretty much my bff. Love parents' eyes when I hand it to their 15 mo old!
fuck you guys you're both stunning beautiful girls don't let shitty bitches say other wise ok
"Dylan was only 30, I don't know why they needed a new Dylan" "Was a wolf in sheep's clothing" when he was signed keynote
:* today's gonna be a good day! I can feel it!
4:42 pm in Chicago right now and 5:42 am in Malaysia. I'm battling this case of jet lag and losing.
I'm about to show some old ass pic of me and my closest followers haha
I'm conflicted. "Wash bears" makes these nuisance animals sound so ... freaking cute.
I don't know as to if I will get my phone back tomorrow either.
a date with Adam Levine and eating cheesecake have the same results. They both go straight to your thighs
and i dont give a FUCK
My faves are No Idea and Elevate!!
congrats on the launch! Just waiting patiently to give it a try now.
No matter how old I get, I still get scared when I'm going up stairs in the dark haha
I must admit looks to damn good ;)#no lie
breaking news. This just in. NOT. ; )
wish you hadn't said that...
LAL winning the NBA championship this year tho...
How very brain damaged of him to say RT : #Ricky Williams doesn’t believe there’s a link between concussions and brain damage
Indeed :) Scotland is on our list! Woohoo T- a lot of days
this Presidential Address should be called, "GOP, you just got served"
A women that adertise herself to appeal to the lust of a man fleshly desires will never reach the strength of his soul his #true treasure!
Virginia Book fest. Yeah!!
The yoke of American Exceptionalism is infinitely bearable when we wear it for our own children.
So then why have ANY electeds live in town? I'm starting the Vote for Carlos for Mayor of Tucson campaign today!
i smoke weed like its oxygen ;D
are you from Dorchester? (ask Ashlee)
Niall Horan is beautiful. Always has always will. :)
#educomm there are a lot of lecture capture solutions here. How do we tell which is really best?
I didnt till very recently! Thanks #Amex!
The new donut that we're introducing at Sunday's fills me with joy.
umm...Suddenly I love the "Cat Daddy" dance. I wonder why
It was a promise to herself that she knew she couldnt keep.
is heading down to , music, client activation and more!
Is back in BoCO for the weekend. Friends, Family, and F-U-N!
I know :( I had already quit but this last final pissed me off so yeah .____.
Life is about right now in this very moment. Not tomorrow, not yesterday, but NOW. Live it!
putting finishing touches on EP mixes at howl street studio today! feels good. real good.
I would apologize, but I don't realize what I'm doing wrong.
I think i broke my foot :/
4:30 am. Going to bed, finally.
Not only is it #ThirstyThursday but we also got #NFL!! Who are you guys rooting for?
Happy #worldbooknight Chicago!
Haha RT ": Bar Pet Peeves: The woman who thinks her kindle deserves a bar stool."
I miss that 80's & 90's music shit now a days ain't real + its water down fuck with mainstream i knock underground -in my E-40 voice
happy birthday man.
alrighty folks, who wants to come to Aerosmith with me?
Live 's Douglas Dinner: LA Mayor Villaraigosa, Natalie Portman, Dem Leader Nancy Pelosi, Elie Wiesel
YAY! I'm glad you're finally getting one! RT: i can follow you on Instagram when I get my iPhone next week!!
They fight constantly and I finally brought it up to her the other day because it's upsetting her but she can't stop
umm so Tinie Tempah sucks as an artist just found that out 2 seconds ago listening to him just brought me down
everybody follow for music videos and screen plays. hit em up!! they are highly recommended by me
i got butterflies in my stomach , when you kissed me ! <3
Cheers. Have a great week.
Can't look at my phone in peace
Did I just hear a trader on CNBC actually say if these numbers today are good, buyers will come out of the woodwork? Where has he been?
that's disgusting!!!
Starting some more acting classes with one of the best coaches their is!! Can't wait!! Watch out L.A. here I come!!
#pissedoff can't follow no one wtf
Apparently they were asking residents about 2008 murder of Melvin Seal at the corner of Morse & Montello. Why? dnk
I've made more typos with the auto-correct on my iPhone than I did with my old phone.
At Dr. Seuss's movie Lorax with kids. Rae is housing popcorn like there's no tomorrow. Nice diet!
Running Me Some Bath Water...
making myself a malibu and orange juice and watching the muppets till I pass out. haha!
Cant wait into i can go back to sleep this some b's to be up 4 reason
Amen “: I hate how commercialized Boxing Day has become. #keepingitreal”
I love but had a couple concerns that I wrote to them about. Now I am even more impressed with their response. Love them!
that's my favorite cupcake shop! Enjoy!
Oh gawd I'm dying RT : AMATEUR CAFE FIGHTING! YOU KEEP YOUR HANDS OFF MY LATTE, BITCH!
The Panthers knock off Butler for the second time this season in overtime at Hinkle Fieldhouse 86-80!
Cause them thirsty bitches that's that shit I dont like
Morning Rockstars! > Those that make the best use of their time have none to spare. - Thomas Fuller
Now is when i wiah i had someone that would come over when i called... Or had a bffle
In the United States, there are 300,000 men who are blind and 1.1 million men with impaired vision. Remember to visit your eye doctor guys!
RE:Blame - Let's STOP the blame game; it's divisive. How can we collaborate? Parents and Schools are Partners.
you can in the outdoor seating area!
soccer. Ugh. This one guy is standing right behind me hollering. I'm about to say something.
. Rams should have a ton of good players in 2_3 yrs. Holy crap they got alot of picks!!!
yeah sure ! -anna
Good Morning Tweeties it's like 90 degrees in NYC and seriously humid drink plenty of water to stay hydrated...have a wonderful day!
Mm waiting for the brownies I just put in the oven!! :)
Oprah Winfrey and actor Derek Luke were bullied due to Childhood Sexual Abuse. When are we going to get serious about this problem?
Can't wait to board the plane on Friday. I'm off to spend Christmas and New Year's in Peru. Machu Picchu here I come!!!
"WATCH IMPACT NETWORK THE NEW CHOICE FOR POWERFUL CHRISTIAN PROGRAMMING ON DISH NETWORK CH 9397 retweet this
ANDY'S BACK ANDY'S BACK ANDY'S BACK!
Thanks for the RT!
#travisportersongsilove Over Again.
#swarmingtermites we are under attack here in new orleans...termites everywhere...getting in the houses..is it the moon doing this?
Great ! Looking forward to meet you !
BREAKING: Reports from NY say the NBA and its players have reached an tentative agreement.
and your from where again ?
Go Bulls! RT : The Bucks face the Chicago Bulls here in Wisconsin tonight at 8:30 p.m. Go, Bucks!
Hey Guys! as they have been?
just had a mini concert o Beyonce get me bodied the extended version. :-):-):-):-) lol
: ”#Success + #winning comes crom the decisions and choices you didn't do.”
come stop by and enjoy a delicious treat!
I see "devoted mother". Only saying.
bord cant wait until friday bethany miller gets to come over
If u had called yesterday, as was suggested, that $40 fee wld have been avoided.
My 1st Nat'l #Speakers Assoc. meeting was today w/President Loved it! So exciting to finally join & learn from so many pros.
Every day is the same.. so over it
I know Joel. I KNOW.
How pumped is for today's speech ?
You can say anything critical of psychiatry to psychiatrists but no docking space in their brain for those ideas Fullilove
6 years ago this week, I realized my calling in life was to be a librarian. I'm sadly not working in it now, but I will one day.
's single Missin You Crazy came out on #iTunes today. You should go buy it cause it's #awesome. :)
the USA is missing you!
Good game Miami Heat, Now lets get that championship. # GO HEAT.
Can't wait to wake up for school
THANKS FOR THE #FF!
HOLY CRAP!!! Most I've ever found was $37.
what's your number again?
Oh man. The person(s) who vandalized all those eastside cars has an ugly karma....
So nice out. Why do I have to do this stupid Spanish project
i thought your in Miami with your in 2 places at once...
well i figured you started and then got distracted by twitter :P and thats why i was no longer getting txts from you
No hurting the poor textbook! Tis author's fault. Gotta have fun & get bad experience outta your head. :-)
i kind of want to paint but i'm afraid i'll fuck up and i don't feel like going out and buying canvas again
as always I wish u all the best
Don't get me wrong, Ubuntu is great but I am less interested in making Linux Desktop Dominant in the market. I <3 good sftwr.
and now i am feeling that my next job will be found by zen archery- visualize the target and it will be there.
You said it, not me.
things are going good for sure!
I can't watch this anymore.
Check out my live event: http:\\www.rif.org\live
I want greasy food...
RT : Telling me black women don't watch hockey #flagontheplay~ yu like hockey??? Lol
that was sheer chance right there SMDH.......congrats on a successful fundraiser.
Thank you for the kind words!
Lmao don't encourage that Bible bag
so, i ordered "autograph pages" to go with my yearbook.. hah, what was i thinking?
Congratulations Mike!!
Brick by Ben Folds Five
Have to go and get album
RT : I just interviewed acclaimed TIME Magazine writer and author Amanda Ripley for our Ready Radio podcast. Holy wow. Awesome.
11 y.o. and 14 y.o. fighting about fonts. 14 y.o. mortally wounded by 11 y.o.'s use of Cambria. "What about Georgia?" "AAAAAGH!"
damn im sorry love
AWESOME service! Surprising food!! Delicious.
Truer words have never been spoken.
Isn't that part of the determination--knowing limits?
earth yeah!!!
Nope sorry man.
Lol my Grandma is funny
so weird. It kept on showing me one of my drawings for a different game
RT : There are over 60,000 alumni on ... connections await the Big Orange!
RT : Three day weekends should be mandatory. Agreed!
SO to all the Vegas men & women playing in the NCAA & NIT tourneys.
Wow thank you!!! thats sweet dude
Much obliged, you awesome peeps! :-)
#beastmode never sleeps
Watching this REDICILOUS show about Russian people in New York , called #RussianDolls,.... #wtf .
For every $25 Gift Card purchased at Fatso's on Friday Nov. 26th 11:30am-9:00pm, you will receive a coupon for a free half dozen wings!
aww, group hug.
might get a puppy
are you covering Libya atm?
Could you just pop in and tell him I'll be there that traffic is horrible pretty please?
How much love does one have and why does it end in heartache? They say love conquers all......I believe, do u?
Can portfolio theory save lives? - EmpowHer
75% of wild birds die before they are 6 months old. #odd facts
If evEry boy could be like </3
I'm talking my dog is going to be a talking dog that has a talking dog as a pet
no one else has it done either haha
If I could write about just Christians I would be done by now
Who is ready to talk books?
thank you!
Why we play games - the 4 keys to fun according to psychologist : novelty, challenge, friendship and meaning
Thanks Qasim. I hope all is well with you and your family.
Why was McGhee the choice for the pitch hit? Come on RR.
I also called them my sweeties and I haven't lived that down and it's been probably 25 years ago.
“: been MIA!! Sup..”been @ Loca Luna how u been?
idk! But that needs to change!!
and about how to sneak out of peyote ceremonies...
Popsicle time :p
I'm voting for the Patriots to win the presidency
Just a reminder - we're open as normal tomorrow (Sat.) from 10-4, and will be closed on Sun./Mon. Have a safe and fun holiday weekend!
Eerily calm in N. Fort Worth...
Omg I'm soo effin full.. Geez! I hope you all had a wonderful yet safe Easter ladies & gents! xoxo
Library Collections for Teens, Neal-Schuman's first co-publication with VOYA, will be released later this month!
Betty I love you.
#raw10 Female reports n the Men locker rm, what do they expect 2 happen? Let me report n the Women loc rm and watch what Happens. Go Sparks!
Uhhhhhhghhh, m. I have a Melting pot-belly!
“Sometimes I wish I were a little kid again, skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts.”
Did I really just have a chance to meet selena gomez and couldnt???
Don't forget! #free webinar tomorrow, 2PM ET! Learn to use #video to #hire the right people! A must attend for #recruiters &
Excited though to start at American University in the fall, where I'll be teaching revolutionary america and early republic! (2/2)
: here we go with u being a bitch again..
Just realized I live right by the old Jillian's. There were some good shows there back in the day!
ANYONE ELSE DOING THE STEVE BURTON 90 DAY CHALLENGE? I NEED IT!
Text me~
IKR!? I want to watch his interview today but i dunno. He isnt helping at all
stop being brainwashed, know your facts, and think for yourself.
“: is robvic russian” nope he's black
I'm sufficiently creeped out because I think you're right.
Hi, we're a new church in your areas. Exciting & loving. Check us out & follow back & our pastor
waiting until you do *less* travelling . . . seems counterintuitive
Retweet re Arroyo's arraignment with Mikey Arroyo image is like bad omen. Kelangan ko na umuwi at magpabadlis
and place your hand on your hip.
Responsibility is the price of freedom. -Elbert Hubbard.
Bendiciones, I hope you guys do great!
Ur playn hard to get but oh if I getcha ur mine!
Thank you Catia Mota Da Cruz, cast from Fela! on Broadway, for conducting an exhilarating masterclass for our 9th grade dancers!
I am now a second year law student! Off to Chile for the summer!
It is the result of their deliberate actions, long persevered in, which they hold to be motivated by high ideals toward virtuous ends.
Irish actually. Now he's on Game of Thrones.
this is the greatist thing that could happen to the salsa industry. keep up the good work bobby.GODBless.
Mangled Socialist-News Broadcasting Co. ( MSNBC, for those of you ) breaks journalistic mold by creating ALTERNATE REALITY
Tat my name on you girl do I know it's real but I know that already
I'm tired
I gotta hit up the crew. Maybe Monday night tho.
What type of workouts do you like to do?
SportsRadio RT the air with us right now. Great guy!!
It's official. has the best taste in guys. HOTTIE OF THE WEEK 5<3
Thank-you♥
momma telling me this , like I care
Hubert Selby Jr documentary wasn't all that. Maybe I'm in a mood. Let's try Bukowski.
Thanksgiving upon us... Great time of the year to stop and reflect.... What are you thankful for?
The repetition give the statement a "talking points" feel.
thank you :)
hey mike...watched ur interview on piers morgan...ur a real sweet guy and an awsome family man...stay up bro, be well
any plans for a full album coming to stores or itunes anytime soon?
yeah buddy! Awkward hugs everyday!(:
Marc Gasol always has this look on his face like "Ugh...if only my name was Pau..."
good to hear the Jobs legacy will live on RT A Look at Apple's Handling of Customer Emails as Tim Cook Takes Charge
thanks for the mention Scott! Have a great weekend!
Most polarizing show on TV, I tend to agree with you. Have you seen #Veep? It's fantastic
Damn seriously i never met a female so thristy like damn
Getting hit on in Wal Mart. Nothin better.
Hey! Thanks for letting me take your ride for a spin!
We keep getting kicked out of the room (mercifully), so there's nothing better to do! :-)
I'm 23 years old & I'm speaking out about bullying, anti-gay harassment, and the silencing of the families and kids all around the USA.
that song is so damn good, you never fail me in your surpeme taste
have to watch this when I get home.
Enjoy! I always heard that was possible, but discussions stalled at the question of managing spare hardware
Not having a Cleveland team in the playoffs is so frustrating because I don't root for any other teams.
We share something so common Still so rare, uncommon all Never been here before
My phone isnt working my touch screen isn't working
any idea why ddot emergency crews have a sb lane of 16th bt U and T blocked to traffic?
S/O to happy birthday bro! Together since 1st grade! My boy
#myperfectmorning sitting in the garden in the sunshine having a lovely breakfast and a cuppa
I'll go with you... You need a sponsor. I'll be there every step of the way!!
ohh okay cool. Lol I'm from irvine :D
I wish more VCs and start-ups viewed it this way. So many lose out by hiring "potential" or from their network vs performers.
Hey any contact info for austin artists who want to participate in #HDYD?
Want to spend lotso money? Paxton Chophouse is THE BEST. RT : lookin for the best steakhouse in Omaha, any suggestions?
HELLO Mitt
Happy New Year! :-) 2012 I start up more college adventures!! :-)
Let's go Cano. Make up for that tag out
live and learn
nothing from yourself...
Oohhh Blakey I'm jealous!! Have so much fun I will be praying for you!!
I wanna be a YouTube partner.
Your Smile is #priceless #TIV2 :) <3 see what I did there ((:
I talk a whole lotta shit about track. Honestly, I loved it. Deep inside though..lol
this would be a good quote. Good job, keep it real.
Agreed! Perfectly timed considering all that's going on right now over here. American Puritanism can be so intolerant! :)
Sure enough the Dow is down 41 points in early trading. Since global effects and perception trump all else, the outcome is volatility.
Sell digital content you create! Make money from the content you create! Upload your music creations, ebooks, videos, there is not limit.
I will be waiting for my cupcake tomorrow morning!
Aww, that will be exciting!
that shit was fire fo'real!!! I had to post your vid on FB!
I missed twitter<3
Wow. So if you are full time you have to work every weekend?
or on weekends?
stay away from Twitter in ten minutes! Glee's coming on back east!
cant wait till u get bac to make first take what it is
Who the fuck is this wannabe, Jeremy Kyle? Kids these days have it easy. Don't blame the mother, her kids are bastards!
Spent my morning at City Hall meeting with new Council Members. Am impressed with them and their staffs.
Almost rode to work today. Almost.
I hope you feel better soon!
ight hit me when u touch ground
Is Bardstown still banned from going to that one museum in DC?
haha, I know, it's been a long week lol
Trying to do this thing called sleep but it's not working. Been over exercising, legs & butt feel so tight. Can really use a body massage.
you should feel proud, you're one of the select few whose tweets i have sent to my phone!
Alrighty, back to the grind w/the help of a little caffeine. new blog posts to come so stay tuned!
I've been good Chris:):)! Been ATL for a hot sec now!
s/o to all the absentee dads out there. i see you. *sarcasm*
We are pumped and ready for the game tonight...are you?! Less go CATS!
When did it play?
Come out to our show on the 16th at Showbox Market! We have tickets for $10 if you are interested!
The first day back to the grind after 8 days in Puerto Vallarta was a rough one. Can I get a glass of wine?
My dinners is on and halfway done.... Ladies if your dinner ain't done by 3:30 you won't be able to keep a
Haha me:marry me? bob:I'm!!
“: Side note... "The Avengers comes out next Friday!!!!"” WOOT!!
he said he dont care
Thank you, Matt!
hey Danny! It's my birthday! :D
He's the best!!!
my life is last minute
surfing. awww yeah.
Why are four way stops so confusing for people?
6pm would work for me :)
Bare feet? RT : If I don't have a sole, what would I have instead?
have funn we love u :)
then I take it we will cya in NYC Deb? :)
Great read. "In What Other Profession...."
hey thanks to everyone who put us over 1,000 likes. it's a cool milestone. really appreciate the support.
Bay Area no longer among 25 most-polluted regions - San Francisco Chronicle
Hey man Im a christian guy and 1st I wanna ask if you can follow me? 2nd I want you to know that I will be praying for you!
When you really fuck wit sumbody or love a person , Its hard watching sumbody else be with them cuz you feel like you the only one 4 them'
Those feelings you have for yur ex <<<<
should be watching the NFL draft if you ever want to outperform in fantasy leagues. Rnd 6+7 where champions are born!
I'm trying to figure out who my parents' hot neighbor is, and if he'd need a cup of sugar. And by "cup of sugar," I mean "blowjob."
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.
