great Love your pic :)
White girls who think their black. Sit yo ass down somewhere.
First day of summer w/o the trip to but what a great 9 weeks! Still can't believe there are no more treasure boxes to make.
Quiet strength. Virtue.
Oh wow that sounds great! And it was an excellent call using SM for the vote. People want to be involved, that's for sure!
Yu don't like that? “: ": Guys I just hate Yu Darvish." How DARE Yu!”
Watching Smallville Series finale =,(
Good work out with at the Y! I'm so proud of her 😊
piso ditched school today. arg lunch sucked.
Seems like all the hours of days past are blended together!!!Daylight savings messes me up!
#Yeah :P
Check out the brand new song Loss/Gain! Let us know what you think! Thanks for all your support!
In my last post is one of my fav recipes. The peanut sauce is great in other dishes like noodle bowls, grilled veggies and as a marinate!
Thanks for the tweet, glad you liked the post!
Work your fingers to the bone, what do you get? Bony fingers!
In mesquite with my friends and their mom. Its so nice out here! :D
I didn't want to say it on Facebook, but yeah I remember - it was on 9/11
I clearly missed the memo...why isn't the 'G' in Gimenez pronounced like an 'H'?
I think it's stupid that everyone in The Matrix has these cool monikers, but then I know everyone here by their twitter handle
The best feeling when you see he at lest for a second
oh welcome to productive poem day 1/11
Aww thank you sir!
Lunch time means nap time today
ART TIME PUNKS now available at !
im Taking my Place in MY-Story, NOT HIS Story...
Someone just told me "you have a tan line, I wishes I could tan" lol
Damn I think you're gonna love the holiday video series. I said we were launching today but I was wrong. Tomorrow for sure.
Need new texter or some body new to talk to 
congrats Mickey, welcome to the club
Can't do that bullshit nomoe
RT : RT if you want to come to syracuse- show him some love
that's awesome news!! Will you be home tomorrow?maybe we can come on a cookie delivery!
I am hearing about you …global right now! :)
MT W/ no debate? Did Members even read it? RT BREAKING: House passes budget resolution, 235-193
sun come out!
i'll look forward to them, only for them NOT to show up in my sub box for some reason. -____-
Once you are in the natural flow of your own light you stop struggling with life and you dicover an inner feeling of calm.
I got these lah slippers on.
were you added to the Facebook group for the team?
We are going to launch a web store in the next few weeks so people who missed the can order a copy of the film.
One of the best live acts I've ever seen...will never forget Sabotage at Lallapalooza...
Y’a-t-il un lien de streaming sur le web pour le #MWA5 ?
And, who wants to be my guest (comp) for the new musical Nobody Loves You, Sat 2pm at The Old Globe in SD?
During college, I waited tables at Mellow Yellow + learned how to talk to all sorts of patrons. Owner Ken Pelletier any relation?
listening to fix your face radio
tell mom to pick me up at 5- 5:30
I LOVE IT! You are so awesome! I love the random mediums and things that inspire you.
I'm done with Ireland seriously .
I will and you do the same.
hiding from da. World
Hi all! Another great day to come!
Where did the time go... Seriously it's 1 a.m.
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should party with sluts
s/o to my new Followers
I agree.. no pressure on Brady he had all day to pick at us
They relayed survival strategies: avoid certain white folks' homes, carry weapons, refused to let daughters work as babysitters. One (cont)
Did not know that! Think they had an interest this time? Or just no choice?
There's a crow outside of my window eating a dead squirrel's brain. Make a cute cartoon show outta that, Disney!
Glad to have you! RT : Pleased to announce my inclusion in No.101 Midwest Issue!
I saw your last tweet about your frustration with StatsCube. I work for NBA Digital (.com and TV) and would value your feedback
I introduced #googleapps in my office and unexpectedly took on the admin role
notice me!! D;
I love limericks, but that link isn't working
which weekend are you going to?
Bymyself I need sum to du
Anyone wanna go skate?
I need to use that first one, especially.....
if he has a deal for a tv show & he has a lockdown on the distribution then that's the one! :)
sure! i miss you D:
Sounds good. I'm about to make some waffles up in here, up in here.
RXP & MetroPCS giving away FREE Weezer tickets on LES corner of E. Houston and Essex St. Right now til 815!!!
March Madness, Spring Fever, Ides of March converge.
Sir, I will be there at 6:30
Yes! RT : If I can subscribe instantly to your newsletter, I should be able to unsubscribe immediately as well.
Get big and go hard in the paint
American horror story is such a cool, confusing, intriguing, scary show and I love it
Good luck !!
Pre-sale link for Saratoga is not working on Brandi's website.
Thanks for the recommendation last night! Hope you've had a great second day!
Ted Nugent: promoter of violence, questionably treasonous, supporter of castle doctrine & serial rapist. A perfect spokesman for the GOP...
I wonder if Newt Gingrich could drop the price of kale?
fuck you to bitch. go suck some dick
Yes please! RT Hey , what if you put some bike infrastructure on Military Road?
Damn I fucked up
#Clippers need to get it together! Should have won this game! I'm disappointed
Did I mention that I LOVE HARRY POTTER?
I quickly thought of when I seen #SubwayFan trending 💘
Yes. It could happen!
I fixed it for you(:
If we run we win
awww..I've been alright. Busy and stressy but things are getting better. I need 2 stop by the office this week, I'll say hi!
On my way to see and with Should be a great night shared with friends.
Listening to 's HELLO EARTH: THE MUSIC OF KATE BUSH. Divine.
And I can't forget going to NC to visit my babies. <3
<3 Live everyday like it's your last <3
The truth is never going to change. No matter what someone believes in, the truth will always remain the same. (Bible Crash Course)
Yippee! RT : Next time you are in New York I will make you my ice cream!
you are welcome! Get better! you are in my prayers.
believe... once you see me in person, your ganna be like "ohh damn..i am prettier"
Panel allows Honda to make IndyCar engine changes
It's hats for Fernando Torres!!!
Oprah is giving away free KFC GRILLED meals. www.unthinkfc.com. Timing was on KFC's side with Swine Flu and no one wanting to eat pork...
I did notice the only heads were Washington.....lol
Astounded and humbled by God's great mercy, love, and forgiveness in my life, that while we were still sinners Christ died for us
im a good listener:P Though Im still not sure how a project requires kayakingXD nice talking to you too:) Hope you come to FL
I am playing at Auggies in The Gaylord Palms tonight 9-1a.m. In Kissimmee, Florida
Today is: Truck Driver Day, Vinyl Record Day, Baseball Fans Day, Eleanor Roosevelt Day, Chinese Valentine's Day & International Youth Day.
Hoodmourning Tweepers it's gym time time to get big or go home
You are welcome--thanks for YOUR support!!
I guess it depends on how many kids you have / whether they've had their naps. ;)
In Music Meeting- Ted Leo & the Pharmacists “Mighty Sparrow” upbeat and driving, interesting sound, it’s good
Good morning, Austin! Let us know if you need help with your relocation needs.
Even in defeat, Christine O' Donnell served a very useful purpose. The old "scared straight"": acting conservatively
I'd like to get back to the woodcarving finals. -
is ready for October.
Supposed to leave at 3:15 now.
Y el tuyo?
you got barz
Just found out scientists are one step closer to making a real INVISIBILITY CLOAK check it out Escapist
Big Business beware. Don't treat people badly especially in times of grief. My Twitter network is bigger than yours!
just got some yoga pants
Low clouds and some patchy fog for your Friday morning - headed for partly cloudy later - muggy, 70s coastal, mid-80s in the valleys
The fastest way for people to ignore #TornadoWarnings is to begin warning people 24 hours in advance about "potentially"deadly storms.
The cross-Atlantic silence begins now. Ciao ragazzi!
awll thank you! (:
Come play dodgeball with ΑΚΨ Beta Iota at 6pm tonight in the UV Sweethome Gym! Pickups are at 5:45pm in the SU Lobby!
Ur video was awsome I loved it!
Thanks for the blog plug!
No I don't make beats lol
Spanish guys are yummy ;)
A chill, solo Sunday night off is the perfect end to a great day and a wild week.
Time for the start of a wonderful date night with
Prop 8 overturned? ...bummer.
Kelly Price's album release party at Fashion Forty yesterday was a great event! Her new album is amazing!
Meeting wrap up by Very informative. Hope to see everyone in 2011.
I dig your #Absolut commercial.
Right after your follow, a follow from , "security and privacy for computer displays." Coincidence? I think not. ;)
Good try on that phishing expedition-- you
Promo Divine Peeling Radical White Skin Matrix from Swiss-instant whitening peeling in only 45 minutes only Rp 375.000 valid only this month
hahahha people are always so surprised in my taste in guys.
I need you guys to follow me for me to send you a direct message back with my address
Everything that they do they tried 1st in Wisc. #LtGovKleefisch #PigSly": RT : attacking motherhood and cancer
today was a good day
I'm gonna miss you guys :( be safe heading home!
bahaha. I just made some last night. It was super good. Chili competition this summer!!!!!!
What a perfect Chattanooga Spring Sunday. Complete with a surprise garden party & photographing a walnut Street bridge sunset proposal.
The only people that enjoy Valentine's Day are girls with pussy-whipped boyfriends or husbands.
I'm about to leave for work actually...feel free to come visit and watch the game.
- Steve, be prepared to cry like a little girl.
Guetta tonight?? I'll be there!
Just when I thought I was strong...I'm not...just when weakness was a option...it's not...I HATE cancer...it should die...I give love
Suspense! RT : What's next for us- Ottawa, Seattle, Georgia, Virginia? Or maybe we'll be able to stay in DC. Stay tuned.
May's here, and graduation is right around the corner! Which of our menu items do you order when you feel like celebrating?
I love that half-minute period when you write the 4-5 lines of fundamental math that power an entire application.
please follow our business page we work with AIP clients.
I loved Hunger Games! Just wish I hadn't seen it with a bunch of screaming little girls.
I was staying home, when they was having fun.
If you could develop a #MobileApp, what would it be?
dolphin + helicopter =
why yes, yes I do
Yes. Totally agree. But there are plenty of businesses with interest in education. I cover them...good, bad, and ugly. Thanks!
it will happen one day
Shooter can't cross the plane of the free throw line until it touches the rim. Otherwise, perfectly timed.
If I knew I was going to be in a video, I would have worn my best flanel. :) #CountryRoots #Wrangler Damn straight.
....they will never tell your secrets!!!!
4th of july movie party. Only independent films allowed.
If you have a craving for Mexican/margs before you leave, Casa de Reyes in Old Town is yum! Got free churros w/4square checkin.
I wonder if it is possible to follow everyone on twitter... might make another acount to try.
wat y'all looking at
Im living my life for me & my kids NOBODY else!!
Omfg my dog had her puppies
I'm so tired
Back in elementary kickball was the sh#t and aftercare was live asf
Can I punch somebody in the face, just for kixxxx?
Thanks for the re-tweets! We look forward to seeing everyone on Wednesday!
the 3 mo meal planning package. Thanks! :)
Remember that core strengthening exercise (like yoga) are great to help prevent & ease #backpain; a strong core stabilizes the spine
lol intervention on masturbation
Nothing to do this weekend... #NoPlans :(
Why people scan QR Codes? 46% Curiosity, 41% obtain info, 18% a promotional offer, & 16% for exclusive content.
No Doubt about it, Larry Diamond from Tom Robbins's "Half Asleep in Frog Pajamas".
Well here we go
Get the final battle shirt of #HarryPotter called "Behind you Harry" available at ripapparel.com this Wed. Aug.3rd by
Yeah, I understand. I'm happy that is in the process of revising its commenting policy.
Hey Doug! What do you think of my portfolio? I still can't believe it's finally finished.....for now :)
I can't forget you I know you want me to want you I want to But I can't forgive you
back on track
My parents annoy me 24/7 though. Nothing new.
I'm taking you #2 in my fantasy draft, man! Don't let me down! LOL
Nice RT : I have a cup of Clover brewed Willow in hand and it is totally helping me beat the PDX heat!
Make sure there are no sharp objects in the dark room for
Hold on stop Wait a min Pause
2012 Submission Applications will be available June 1st. Looking forward to seeing your work.
Still a good defensive effort from the rest of the team. I blame kobe for the loss.
I find it amusing that Republicans crow abt how Reagan "won the Cold War" but thr rhetoric suggests that they think we're still fighting it
But im having fun at senior night :-) :-)
would rather be watching the game in San Diego than on my couch
Want a new career for the new year? www.trgcs.com/joinus.html
Big Day for parents across the nation! Final Florida vote and big news coming out of California!
HELL NO.
you sure are at olive garden a lot,.. (;;
my 50 year old mom just told her 70-something mom "peace out."
Girls, don't fall for boys who tell you the sweetest words. Fall for boys who do the sweetest things which no words can describe.
i have returned to facebook. i feel so dirty.
tell Boehner not to give in stay strong
Head over to your local natural products store to pick up natural, cruelty-free body products.
Great idea ! A5: Encourage them to connect w/ #PRSSA/#PRSA Chapters where they are for the summer to stay involved
lol just give it away before she steals it
no problem
Zip Me Up Motherboy
yikes! Tebow-mania coming to There's still room on the bandwagon
40,000 people without power! We still have power, but no internet :-( I guess I will have to see if anyone comments on my status tomorrow!
RT : High school football season is almost here. Want local live scoring updates on Twitter? Follow
seattle.catalogchoice.org comes online. Seattleindieads.com looking forward to FLOOD of hyperlocal ad spending by local businesses ;)
What doc my Tweet Master?
IF YOURE IN MIAMI TRICK YOU WILL ADD: "Kroz Jones" on ¡FÁ©∑BØØk!
wow a Patron shot even. Yep yep them our Lakers. Yeow! Kobe Rules!
I been good, how you been?
By all accounts it was a great screening yesterday @ the fest! Thanks to all who came out & enjoyed such a fantastic lineup!
I want Juvaderm filler so fucking bad right now.
THOUGHT FOR THE DAY: Work spares us from three evils: boredom, vice, and need. ~ Voltaire
doesn't make sense that you can't spell "sense" and you are on presidents list.
I know. But school comes first.
Hum okay then I believe you. Even though it's kind of hard but I believe you so what's up how was your day? :) !*)
Spring is ending and ALC classes are back in session on Mon. 4/16. Just in time to celebrate National Volunteer Week!
lol! Hey! I'm here:) just been busy.
follow back dre :)
Noticed all the building makeovers in Portland? What's going on? Why are investors interested in historic buildings? 6:30pm
TODAY and TODAY ONLY, Show us you are a FB fan/Twitter follower at the door and get complimentary admission!
RT : I cannot wait to go to platos closet!!!!!!!
Tyga-make it nasty
Agreed! Would love to hear what that looks like. Also, I would encourage thinking about tech as well for those future jobs.
I'm thinking Paris!
I almost left out the house in liquid leggings tonight. Thank God for sending sweet baby Jesus to intervene.
ill just take your word for it that they're all crazy.. which i suppose just supports what i already think anyway…..
This would imply that Campbell had any mascualtion in the 1st place
what's the expiration date on fur vests? end of march? first 70 degree day? look, this is important.
definitely the plan, last thing I'm looking to do is something stupid 3 weeks out! Thanks!
see what dis LSU AND BAMA GAME TAKING BOUT TONIGHT
I think Undercover Boss has run its course...
READY FOR DIVORCE, CALLA US NOW. 727 474 9988
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves
My cat, Mew, with his hair poofed out, terrified of the wind, was KNOCKING on the door to get inside! He’s an indoor cat...
:o I WANT LIKE NOW.
There is something so beautiful about the idea of giving.
Just joined SoundCloud and put my new two-piano pieces there - soundcloud.com/hand2ear.
You love me but you don't know who I am, so just let me go...
and , there will be a screening of Extreme Rules tonite at my house if interested. Bring fans.
lol the day before.
Life is awesome! I love when i am on set,and when i am w/ people that i love,specially the cast! RT if you love you`re lives!
Coloring Pages Featuring Children with Disability
Wow, that's random. But I'm stewing it over! :)
NEW HF-TWESTIVAL BAND ANNOUNCEMENT coming up at 3PM EST.
This beer belly though.
How did I manage to collect all this laundry within one week?!?
commuting from Louisiana once a week makes me definition living out of my car
Camille went into labor this morning. the baby is on the way. it's a girl.
Runners: What is an acceptable run to wash ratio for your various pieces of running attire? I.e. How many runs do to get b4 you wash?
Love In The Tempranillo Of Cholera
Had such an amazing day w/ family & friends! Just enjoying these last few days of school. Ah, crazy to say that! This year has gone by FAST!
Recovering from failure is often easier than building from success.
I love Bolton Hill but Montgomery Street is awfully convenient and pretty.
The Avengers was dope!
Yes that is right
Right back at you from Scottsdale! \m/
today is 'International Museum Day'
Ever heard of an iHub? It suppose to be an office for people who work from home.
Can't tell if the white progs RTing and favoriting my last tweet are agreeing with it or just non-endorsingly amplifying it...
Well, if I can answer any other questions or book anything for you, let me know!
Obama is a disaster, Gingich is a hypocrite!
I really love watching this Orioles team.
I refuse
I need a suga daddy!! No sex involved!
I made my own V8 today! #RawFood challenge!
Let's go #Giants!
i should cry because im gone miss on 106
May everyone work hard to make their dreams come true this year!! :) It's a prosperous yr and its worthit!! :)
My dad's boss randomly told my dad yesterday that he would pay for my first semester of books next year. Words cannot describe how thank ...
Nothing makes me hungrier than a photo that immediately brings to mind the word "abortion"
“: ridiculous!!!! But awesome for those schools.” Way to pick up that twitter game!
Omg my eyelids are SO heavy
I love you all soo much I love doing all I can for you<3
Had Arlene Sahraie not been a librarian, she'd have loved to be the proprietress of a groovy teahouse/poetry salon. Or a boxing judge.
With the passing of Avery Goodrich this weekend, Milwaukee has lost a veteran principal (North, Muir, Wells St.). Condolences to his family.
Indeed! So very important.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Hello, hello remember me? I'm everything you can't control.
I have a 15k credit limit
so is singing too me :))
more obfuscation, more problems.
RT : Great show! <<YEAH! So glad you like it...thx for your support! Keep watching!!
#CBSNJDebate the Numbersusa ad is very insightful.
Me2 Jax! Whitney had one of the best voices ever. Anytime I hear always love you Im brought back to being a little girl
Chapter 2012 Page 95 of 366 I've chosen the consequences of walking in disobedience...SMH
yes, that is true!
“Advertising is a tax for having an unremarkable product.” -Robert Stephens, Founder of the Geek Squad
I got an A on my Stevens paper!! Ah it is good to be me this morning.
I know! Loved the movie! Lenny K is my new secret boyfriend.
I like how the Declaration of Independence says 'pursuit of happiness' meaning to pursue what makes you happy but then there's laws/con's
I'm kind of ready to dump my ils
Wow. Sounds like a real hoot in your kitschy kitchen. Hey wait, maybe a show idea for you. "Kitchsy Kitchen!"
- what!?! Well it was my first real commitment to them as a band, and saw that tour. I really like the mix on this record...
good luck jeff..
People don't change; they become more of who they really are.
#NW Basketball Wives...
I'm going to miss my school so much next year. Not just my friends, but the teachers and the rest of the school. Montessori is awesome
Next session: journalistic ethics w/ deborah blum, george johnson, dan fagin, dennis meredith
Come on Rubens!
Touché sir. Hit me up later if you're not in a coma.
Loving - 's clementine. You can too at #hubwork this thurs.
Going homee already (:
you have a way of tingling my spidey sense oh wow
times wen we R furthest from God is wen we need the body of Christ th most blessings 2 U :)
idk if its the way it is.. then imma unfollow people on tumblr.. idc who it is but its time to start unfollowing people!!
and how are you if yhu tweetin???
Headed to present my book at the national sales for the distributor - pray it goes well!
we gifted them existence.
The mobile app is looking really sweet. Time to work on copy, copy, copy....
I love Iration and Slightly Stoopid tho. And a former neighbor of mine ... who absconded with my fave CD ... has a R band.
Finally found #Silk flavors: ChocoMint = meh; Nog = good; Pumpkin Spice = DELISH!!!! Thinking it will be awesome in pump spice latte!
Which workouts have given you the best results?
Justin Has Swag .... you are so sexy in Boyfriend <3 <3 ah
Off work. Love morning shifts
I have not heard from my book store!
They don't make better sparkpluggies than you. Save me a seat, please.
anyway, I'm just interested in having a better understanding of font hinting, which is here for a while, retina or no.
Check email please.
WHATS GOOD CUZ I STILL GOT THIS RAP SHIT BY THE NECK,THATS MY WORD
it's pretty awesome! I don't abuse my snooze alarm anymore and don't get tired after working out either!
What track was you feeling...Orphanz™
u kno im fukin wit da hood so u supprt me and i support u. Dats wuts family for
Alas, the post makes the common mistake of assuming curation = selection. Blergh.
Cha cha, you are no help when it comes to rocks
Is anyone else attending the expo this week in #LosAngeles? I will be there!
Great story from about the impact that blogs & media can have on patients/community.
going to hang out with a girl named ana ...how ironic right?
I will definitely make plans to get there!
idk man.. You're fast but I can hold you.
ewwwww what happen who beat yo ass
MOVE ON BITCHES BLACK FRIDAY ADDRESS THE ISSUE ENOUGH, SO WE ON NEW MOVES #TEAMKIM ALL DAY BEDSTUY DO OR DIE
no problem at all - let me know day before, and we'll have one ready for you! ;-)
Lets take a stroll :D
If they would let us play music during the test I think I would pass...
One of the more fascinating topics of life is the leaders of history and how they shaped the world
please pick the Penguins to win, please???
I leave dat Reggie to them regular people I be on first class spaceships yeah spaceships🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I'm hiring booking agents. You book the engagement and receive 20% of my honorarium. Email if you are interested.
Thank you for the Golden Beet Recipe! Part of a new farm share & had no clue what to do with them!
#followme or bungee jump with dental floss..
boy i never have done that !
Davy Jones died apparently. I wonder who's gonna captain the Flying Dutchman now.....
Tonight is going to be one of those nights.
Lol I should probably get name tags for #rumdiarieshouseparty tomorrow ..."drink so much youll forget your name"
and my copy of the book preordered didn't DL to my kindle accnt... Need to investigate.
I didn't think getting away could clear your mind this much, definitely needed this trip.
Oh! Well I put on a soft taco and I wrap into a burrito. So I always get yelled at cause I put lil bit to much for them to wrap it
We had a 125-word mention in "Neighbors" on Friday, May 4. Take a look if you haven't seen it!
So wish I could, but I have singing commitments here in Boston! One of these days... toi toi toi!
I absolutely love going to sleep to the cutest goodnight texts && waking up to the sweet goodmorning texts !! They can make my day & nite❤😘
He dons...the hat. THE hat.
We cannot wait for coming to Charlotte!! Who's going?
having athletics 1st period should be illegal.
Today's Goal: Get unfortunate songs stuck in people's heads. First up: Little Suzi from Tesla.
Shout out to and for following...its much appreciate! Check them out guys :)
Had a pretty good practice :) ; Just feeling a bit blah
rereading Seneca's 88th epistle on the Liberal Arts. Note to self: accuse people of being "ravenous takers of emetics" more often.
And William Hurt's sure as hell no Sam Elliott.
Bell's Oberon is now available at France 44
What I really think is sexy Intelligent Black Men who value the right things in life & don't adhere to ignorance of rappers & other stuff
OH WOW. OH WOW. OH WOW.
Search for Evidence of Wildlife on Your Hike
happy to share brother...lots of hidden gems on that site
Only four hours today...let make some money!!!
Yesturday a hobo came up to me nd ask me for change to buy a beer. So I gave him money for his beer
RT : Here's how #gf Forkly users can best spread the word about #glutenfree dishes to other users :...
I wish I could call my dog.
AP gov done!! AP lang and comp tomorrow and I'M DONE!! (For this year)
Hopefully Leahs is almost done too. I hate when my baby girl doesnt feel good.
How about I spend my night ranking Claire Denis movies? Why not?
lol... I will ask management later on today
Happy St. Patrick's Day, by the way. No one loves storytelling like the Irish!
Men forget but never forgive. Women forgive but never forget.
Good Morrow Jen.. May your day Be As Quickly as it began as you awakened from your slumber
I hope not :P And what in the name of Jesus are PuddingPoints?
Amy Ames Moves Up to #11 on Country & Western Music Radio Show Radio Beiaard 106.3 FM Presented by Al Van Dam
#LocalUnderground Tent Party - wine, beer, food, & live music. The tent is warm & dry with elbow room!
My school would probably have bearly any!!
Judge says to Mercy, "I finally gave you something you wanted. I feel like all I do is say no to you." lol. Mercy thinks to herself, as long
noodles and company or subway hum
RT : As you celebrate end of 2011 & the start of a great 2012, don't drink & drive we want to tweet with you far into '12 & beyond
Some people develop a wishbone where their back bone should be.
Thanks, Neha! For both donating AND spreading the word! :)
RT Turd #2 to Meg flushing over 80 million $ on crappy campaign. Oh what that $ COULD have done!
The Ugly Truth
usually no blood draw at scene, breath instead. Don't think detects THC. Never comes up here, no law re pot amt in system
Heyy shorty!! Hope all is well with you! Congrats!
are u from of SODMG??
Dang were hot together tonight. I hope you keep doing more acting, you are wasted behind the camera.
not to brag, but the crippling self-doubt and social awkwardness I wore in high school still fits
very sweet!
pussy fake ass bitch
*I'm DTV
this will be my third night staying up :/ I practically feel like a zombie.
Great to hear it! Let us know if you have any questions or need any help. We are always here if you need us!
NOW I get it! The light dawns. Earth rise. (Or is that the alien ship? Wait -- I didn't say that. No --NBC, I didn't. Really,)
We need to look at people around us, they r our community
Volunteering at today and I'm so inspired by the students who put it together. Oh yeah, and the AMAZING speakers.
can you follow
Linkage Award Inductee KEN BOOTHE
We read it for book club. I liked it a lot more than I was anticipating, you should read it.
Ever feel uneasy about something but you can't quite but your finger on it...
Most effective Landing Pgs have Zen-like simplicity & desired call-to-action should naturally arise out of this background of stillness.
Super awesome. Wish I had everything they ever did on vinyl.
i'm with ya!
love it!
hey!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 i know i miss the drama on bedford ave..lmao im in cali at the moment still living in bk
There's nothing worse than telling a mother their son is being chased by the police on Mothers day..good shot boy smh.
Wass So Bombb At VMA's. He's coming to WA, for concert in 3 dayss!
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else
Wow. Church sermon spoke straight to my heart tonight. Might go again in the morning to experience it again.
RT : So Much Gwalla, MONEY! MONEY! MONEY!
Love this quote: "There is no point at which you can say, "Well, I'm successful now. I might as well take a nap." Carrie Fisher
and more! :) RT : You deserve the best.
Who's Here has natural straight white teeth!
My day was crazy y'all wouldn't believe it...trust me
good you better not be
: For now, it's still safe to Rickroll
Reviews you can use—from actual diners. No trolls allowed!
Damn mee too!
today was an amazing day. Thank God i got to be with my bestfriends. the 2 hour bus rides, the insiders, matching bracelets. it was PERF.💜
thanks for the follow anything you need in los angeles we got you
lol whatever. I'm not THAT obsessed. Its more like an infatuation...
Trust me a girl like you will have and deserve the best man. Inshallah sooner than later
Good weekend with the boyfriend <3
....about 40 minutes.
Mindless behavior is taking over ;)
Thank you so much, Mike! I just heard the same thing on Facebook.
awesome so far gonna work on it more tonight! :)
"that anyone could EVER have."
RT Did you know that we serve happy hour all day on Mondays in the bar? Come enjoy some delicious bites & tasty cocktails!
damn that is nice
FINALLY FREE!! Now cleaning all day then cardinal game tonight !
Our lives have become one big enter net access ip address and key words it's more but i'll stop at that facebook it
Can barely move at the mall..This place is packed
Just noticed she is having a 
i have a headache:\
preciate it. I'm gonna make it happen.
MAYTE YOUR CAT JUST TRIED TO BITE ME
Stan Lee at Wizard World???!!
If its not one thing its another.
that's sick
#1 reason: "she seems to have more strikes against her than a bowling alley at Fenway Park"
Y'all can't handle it
I'm surrounded by (fellow) geeks!
eh, I used to be a Mormon. They don't take compliments well. Or polygamy laws.
Hell yeah! RT: : Listening to before I go into work.
No access to the closed captioning in Connect?
you are not the only fan that hasn't met him and you will get your chance :-)
well the new episode starts in like 3 min! Watch it bitch! ;) lol.
More sarcasm! How do you come up with this stuff!? Too good!
This conversation has been a real game-changer.
I need my to come cuddle with me and make me feel better.
Bring back Mr Easy Rider lol
What could be better than prepping tax docs & viewing #EPL on a Saturday morning? #Bolton 1 v #QPR 0 (1) Well done, Tim Ream, on the assist!
So pissed right now. 😡
controlled reaction is always the most intelligent...say it to yourself 3 times before you flipout see if that helps.
golf cart accident :(
Awesome. When will you guys be in Austin?
I think he was pissed I was taking a picture of his pink, skinny, tie.
The band that I'm listening to right now sucks. And it's awesome.
But that video was GOOD
wow. Its actually very very unusual to NOT get on when it has adequate funding
Rant over...sorry everyone...just pisses me off at how rude some people can be...even with children involved
Adele is giving me EVERYTHING right now!!! "...Rolling in the deep"
you my friend. ARE AMAZINGLY TALENTED.
RT : Truly outrageous that 99% of the cookies are consumed by 1% of the monsters on PBS.
Thank you so much!! Show us around? <3
in toggle_visibility(), change visibile -> visible -- safari/chrome might default to vis.?
Twisting at Rubin and Thompson Assisted Living 50 Houston Ave Saugus, Ma. from 1-3pm for a Thanksgiving open house.
Where are you fellas?
Victoria's Secret fashion show tonight......whos in?
I hate my fuckin life
But why does this girl in study think she can sing like The Band Perry.....
#whatayear I have had some good times and some bad but I'm just blessed to have lived 2011 going out with a bang
My high of seeing my #BCEagles win their 3rd national championship in 5 years has worn off enough that I'm sad that the season is now over.
Riding through Mandeville and thought of you It's so clean, has THE freshest air and beautiful homes.
shut up. Only the birds on the joint hurt. I'll just laugh at you on Thursday then.
Matthew! Glad I got to meet ya. Wish the game would've been more eventful for the Braves.
aw. you're such a great brother. love you D!
planning for the trip to mainland China end of the month! Any suggestions?
This Oshkosh construction struggles
the Americans in the front.
you need to call me right now
What's up with these movies coming out that only give the holiday not the date for release? I have a hard enough time with my own bday!!
OK, so had to take a mulligan on the last codebase. That said, Dev Team 3 just finished our scoring prototype, which is the core of the app.
A bathroom would be nice right about now
#relationshipsendbecause of a refusal to compromise...
I Miss and together they where perfect together..
Off to make my brother a sandwich :p
6-120% Locks available for Thursday. Get all 6 for $30 or 3 for $15. Email to get it started
I guess I'm shit out of luck
You got blocked for that, MOB? Damn LOL.
I'm recording it!!!!! We can watch it when you're home ;-) xozo
Share your beautiful photos and artwork with us!
Today's wrkout was a beyotch! Proud of you E. for sticking through even though your shoulder is busted! Nyway, end'n the nite w/ futurama :)
Steve Stricker just made double bogey on No.10. Now 7 over on round, +6 overall. In danger of missing the cut. Ouch.
good call, those for sure too! m
Please no "edged weapons/tools". This means hatchets, swords, knives etc.
#Baller well congrats !
Ed and Taylor's song is gonna be perfection omg
Thanks for the RT, Hope you're enjoying the winter sunshine this weekend!
wow it really does sound like hair! i can't figure out how to record wind... is mimicking the only solution?
Almost on the T R bridge!!!
hi how u doing?
All I can say is try getting a job in the current job market without one. Try a Tech School, less $$.
im sorry! Im going to go see the new harry potter and go to dave and busters with my sis :)
I got tree lmao
I live very close to there. A lot of activity.
It is so heartbreaking to hear about Junior Seau's death at such a young age. Thoughts are with his family and the SD Chargers.
For the followback i can return the lighter..www.realniggazdorealthangz.com
who am i kidding, i won't get anything done today
if only I lived n London/Uk I would totally go. <3
Congratulations! What's next?
your right! there is no need to count down for Tuesday
Sitting with the most precious grandson, who's the stud of the NICU in St Vincent's Hospital in Indy!
were just good.
on the bus lo im bored and i have a full batterie on my phone for one lol
whenever will be fine. We will all be there. Whatever works for u
Peyton manning should be the Jackie Moon of the Indianapolis Colts. Player, Owner, Coach.
it's for real!
Aammmaaaazzzaannggg 👉👉👉👉 cool follower.
love your place! Wish you had masala chai!
i didn't send yu off
My Brand is getting bigger by the day!!!
It's true. I'm stll just a midwestern state with coastal ambitions.
Just found a reason Germans better than Spanish. Siri speeches German, not Spanish!
I know, I felt a lot of love from Chris and Brad
yeah, it seems as if there's never any good news....that's life though I guess.
Woot!!! Go, go, go!! #DFWRhinos RT : 422 words left to cross the 50k finish line for the first time in my life.
thanks for sticking us on your locals list; nice blog btw!
Yep. Year 2 at You-Dub! I'll have to check out #phdchat. Gotta some people willing to write my exams and dissertation for me!
when do you get in?
I wish I didn't legit sound like a dog barking every time I have indigestion or the hiccups.
#GoTribe But I was getting better. Now ima go back to my original assholeness
If you express your love on the Feb 14th what do you express on the other 364 days in the year?
Recruiting strong retail mktg mgr w/ social media, e-commerce or trade show background. DM me for details.
lol right i love it!
Almost forgot to sign my agreement for my class on the 21st. Camera, Speed ACTION! an insider's secrets to the real world of acting
just ordered it. Always get the cask ale if available.
Can't wait to go play Capture the Flag with ! See you on Sigma Sigma Commons!
"Kids: if you want to Nail Rick Perry" I stopped reading at this point, because the answer must always be NOT NO, BUT HELL NO.
DATS HOW I FEEL ABT MY MOM U ONLY GET 1LUV HER N RESPECT HER WIT UR ALL BCUZ I KNOW I DO
Between that and something bad I ate earlier in the day, it was not a good evening for me.
Open bar at liquid pool.... getting my drink on...
I can only imagine. It would be insanely crazy!
Lesson for the day: Don't punch cars. You end up with a seriously fucked up hand.
I do like this - great, great find - thx - and I have read some of that book - he's phenomenal - will pick it back up :)
Hello Friday!
Have a safe and enjoyable weekend everyone!
How come no one begs me for retweets I'm way cooler then most of these shmuck "celebrities"
good luck Alex, hope you find a spot to catch on in the NFL
I'm a virtual friend! :p haha
yea totally agree
Happy Friday :-)
Another triple double
Tonight is date night! ...but not before I have to wait a billion hours for the cable guy to fix our box!:(
If I were opening a walk-in clinic, I'd do it in an old Borders store and call it...ready...Doctors Without Borders!
Honest criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an acquaintance, or a stranger.
You over the age of 18 and burning out at a 7-Eleven = Your cojones have not fully developed yet.
there you go! :D
After 25 years together, my uncles were legally married today in Iowa!
just started an arc for Albert Borris' CRASH INTO ME -- a 2k9 colleague. I really like his spare style.
I love that video!
that was the stupidest thing I've heard all night!
Thanks for mentioning us in your publication!!
The world would run a lot smoother if more men knew how to dance
Just bc spell check reverts to telecom, doesn't mean that is the correct term. It's telecon people! Short for teleconference.
On my way to Boston, plane to North Carolina in the morning...omg majorly overpacked lol
Appreciate the love bro
USING THE PHRASE "KEEP'N IT #1HUNNIT" WONT MAKE YOUR IMMATURE ACTIONS ACCEPTABLE. U SHOULD ALWAYS TRY & BETTER YOUR PERSONA
well did hear the one where the mom screamed? (: that was me & my mom!
wishing that just for today, the kitties could go into work instead of me.
Thanks to Ford i spend more time with my car than my boyfriend. He'll get over it
Foundations for Marketing Research assignment..
You were my best friend. Yeah, not anymore!!
My paycheck has been deposited in my account! I'm buying' some shit!! 😃💰
Thanks love! aka Carl aka honey badger ;) Oh wait....... hahah
Catherine McNeela gives us tools to put in our toolbox for interpreting and acting the song.
They played their hearts out n the loss n the semi-finals. I take full credit 4 that 1. We didnt have a legit offense 4 that type of defense
yes :D
Guess the exact weight of your U-Swirl today and it's on the house for Weigh In Wednesday!
I just want to go home.
This blows. The Braves bullpen is going to mow down the Pirates hitters.
superbowl hangover? Hahaha you Bears fans are delusional.
Wednesday or Thursday. That cool?
GET SOME FUCKING HEADPHONES
I whip my hair back and forth! Whip it real good! I whip my hair back and forth! Just whip it!
So my heart jumps a little when i talk to you, it doesn't mean anything d;
i hate it when your watching a show and it ends on a great, interesting part<<<<
LMAO RT : I hate when people point out my typos. Bitch, you look like a typo!
Congrats D. Durham!!! #sx first supercross win!!
is a lame ass lard & he does not go hard...<3 love youu bud. :))
hey your tweets r funny Lmfaoo :D
Just a brief check-in: am in Mpls now for work this week, and so far, it is absolutely the right place for me to be right now.
||_|!| THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
#Happy30thBeyonce too bad you weren't going into labor on labor day, but good luck with the baby <3
LOVE spring daylight savings. 4 mile run after work is much less painful than before.
's boyfriend video was so perfect
thank you, we realized we have been hacked and are spreading the word to let people know. Appreciate the DM.
Awh. I Love Hollie. But I'm Happy That Philip Went Through!
Finding out there is a chipotle in Chicago seriously made my whole weekend.
Tweet tweet like a bird.
But just cuz I want Boston to win the series don't mean I want them to win easy. I want everyone else to go to Game 7 while we just sweep.
Justin: "Together we can make history!" Beliebers: "And babies" ONLY BELIEBERS!! 3 people follow me right now please. :)
I've got a lot of things to think about..
I miss you, monkeyface!
oooooohhhh now what happened with im???
I was today talking shop w/ Building for schools/teachers/kids. Helpful to hear from ppl targeting your same market.
"Lars shouldn't you be watching the kids?""ahh we're using the body system""body system?""yes.....BODY!!!!!!""oh buddy"
What is her famous song called?
I'll give it a try. Thanks.
BOB DID YOU GET A PUPPY?
": Getting ready to speak at Georgia State University!"
RT : Once someone is identified as a rep of athletics interests (Booster), they retain that identity forever.
RT“: Full moon looks great on the waves of Lake Michigan tonight, I'm tempted to jump right in after my meeting with D.A. today.”
your profile picture is fantabulous
alright bro tonight first night of radio school for me.
RT A growing number of journalists are getting it: solar is getting cheap, solar can scale, blogs.telegraph.co.uk/...
Yes! That would be great
Great day. I'm going to do whatever I want.
Shut up you know I'm still mad
So if you took all the sperm from the major new wave bands ala Twins and then that baby was raised by hipsters you get Neon Indian
Like metals, mesh, migration. Holes in the earth. Open onto several directions.
Follow the crew and a sick producer
Today's a good day 👊💡
I still don't know how visited during Badger Hate Week and survived.
Hawks win 4-1 and close out the Western Conference Finals in 4 games!!! Totally awesome
Did you know I have a replica #dress from the #Titanic #Movie which is numbered? It will be in undetermined.
Keep doing what you do and please reach out to our youth, I feel they will listen to you. We, and they need your guidance.
It's the season for summer picnics and graduation parties. Let us take care of everything so you can enjoy the event.
Last year we spent Mother's Day at Lasertron. Am thinking this year we go see Avengers again :)
Worst part is when you try to wipe it off it looks like u collided with an ice cream truck :D
Jackson Pollock~ The painting has a life of its own. I try to let it come through.
4 hours till takeoff!!!!
we go live in 2012 Email me at Would love to see what you do and maybe look to align.
Damnit. Come back soon then!
Grant application mailed, now back to client work. Best Wishes to All!
nahh i lose my accent but when ever i go back for a while it comes back 
you were unbelieveable at the Grammy's and deserve every 1 of those awards!
GO RANGERS Buster :D
only football
what is this 2 nites now i cant watch any videos because of this tubemogul what is it ?
cant get this david banner/chris brown song out my head
YOUR VOICE IS SO CUTE<3
HI TOP
58.24 400M dash today, not bad for a 34 year old...is a sub 2:00 800 by the end of 2012 possible?
"Never chase them, quickly replace them. mistakes ? i don't retrace them. i just move on and mentally erase them.”
Finished off yesterday with some fun "cutting and pasting," making phased boxes. Added some levity to that sorrowful manuscript work.
Chris Matthews just ripped Santorum for his Dominionism and Theocracy! Way to go Chris
don't knock it til yah try it
pizza and martini's, its like im in college already xD
caution signs @ key spots on the route. I saw 3 folks go down, in < 5 min, at that 1st or 2nd RR X-ing in Natick/Framingham
i love you.
Lesson: Life=People. Life is time with people we love ~ Jim Collins
1-Enrollment 2-Developmental Education Placement 3-Progress 4-Transfer & Completion 5-Workforce Prep & Employment Outcomes
Entomology kit ordered for the boy, girls' horse photos ordered for competition, dinner is cooking. Imaginary ponies are still impressed.
soon! soon! in july, no? is no party w/o you!
got to meet the good peeps ! much love fam
Someone needs to start a parody twitter account for 's hair;
Don't find fault, find a remedy. -Henry Ford
bye issac do u follow
I can see it , it just looks funny .
Discussion at about "gray" vs. "grey". How do we decide? Exact match search volume + insights
It is sad but not surprising 2 hear the NEPHEW of Senator James Inhofe was instrumntal n the planned 'racist' AD agnst Pres Obama
discussing the structure of a #git repository - commits, branches, versions
I ain't nobody though. I don't know what I'm talking about
I've totally done the same thing before! It's terrible! but mine faded pretty quick and no one was the wiser...
ITS HOTT OUT HERE!! BUT TODAY IS FRIDAY PARTY TIME!!
No one can possibly achieve any real and lasting success or get rich in business by being a conformist. - Jean Paul Getty
Great series, huh?! How was Chicago?
Jason Bay!
how was the last #dctweetup? I was sad to miss it! Looked SO fun :)
Earthquake! What a crazy feeling.
Cool. I wear Nike training shoes for classes, but have to run in Asics. May have to try Nike running for Zumba & Crossfit.
Saw 'Jiro Dreams of Sushi' last night. Wow. That man is amazing. Can't wait to meet him in the depths of the Tokyo subway.
In a very thankful mood this morning - thank yous all around!
I'd say more that Prezi highlights problems also there in PPT/KN: visuals as secondary, absence of design & media consciousness
dude that's crap. That redirected me too'best college advisor'
you guys are amazing. <3
What if Jessie's Girl was Stacey's Mom?
we could have a code red situation on our hands..please say youll come to the rescue tonight!
I just paid $4.09 per gallon for gas. That's a first.
do u have. Textplus account? Cuz there is a guy claiming to b u on there. Just want to make sure he is a fake b4 I report him
follow back? Please!
Lebron is no Jordan Magic Bird or even Kobe he does not have the will to win that can carry a team when needed
yes, I'm doing ok. Baby is doing great. How is brandon? Did I got his name right?
PUT A BLOCK ON LOVE....RUN WHEN ITS NEAR...JS...DONT LOVE ME!....
damn I hated planet! Should go to mei! It's like 10 feet from your house
Post all and any videos you have of Sugarland to show them our SUPPORT!
I'm just loving the comments.
A bus back-up to start a brisk Monday morning? Focus on the good run earlier, Peter. Your office will be there when you get to it.
RT "Tempted to drive to this afternoon to hang out on the terrace. #spring" I would definitely join u if I wasn't in LV!
just got myself a new job #makinbank <3
So the guy i met that I tweeted about the other day... I saw him again last night hahaha.... :)
Oh danm somebody took yo bitch
Raw Elements USA is the conscious consumers answer to serious, safe sun protection.
Forgot how much I LOVE birthdays!!! So blessed and happy :) could not ask for better friends and family!! 💋💙☺🎉🎈🎈🎁
damn wish I could have been there, live it up for me tonight bro
Great night for patio dining! Let us know your favorite outdoor patio spot in #Albuquerque :)
This 1800 man
Out of softball practice. Needs to get some #food!!! : )
this game is looking like ny vs. mia, SMDH.
I really do hope to hear back from very soon with interest in keynote speaking :))
haha yeah I usually ignore it but I thought why not? :D
RT : The 9 to 5 Cure - great read for anyone committed to creating a flexible work/life.
Check out for your Red Dress Party needs! We have a wide variety of sizes and styles + love to be a safer place to shop!
My Galaxy Nexus runs ICS. I like it, tho it reboots spontaneously. Looking forward to the coming OS upgrade.
I know you love me babe(;.
Stoked that from stopped by office today to interview us for a write-up next week!
There's definitely rain n the air n Atlanta. If ur outside u better finish what ur doing by nightfall.
Take time out of your day to thank God for all that you have
It'll be* okay
he's relevant in the same way Skip Bayless is: spews controversial garbage to keep his name on people's minds.
Donations can be made to Japan Earthquake and Pacific Tsunami relief by texting REDCROSS to 90999 for a $10 donation
": #Bachelor and #Bachelorette should have their own awards!What Else? #Bachys" It should be considered under BEST DRAMA EVER!!
- We can't wait to have you back!! You looked like you were having a great time! :)
your mini vacation is over I take it?
your conclusion on prison and politics was profound! I'm clapping in my bed,just scared the dog.
2 hours early to my pst go navy
Cut Copy at #p4kfest is the answer to Daft Punk at Lollapalooza. The crowd is ready to esplode.
Stinky fruit??!!! Can't wait for them to cut into that!!
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT !
Iron Steakhouse in Land Park. Much improved and very good.
random music recommendations have me feeling a surge of inspiration, why is it not 5 yet?
And even if you have failed at all else in the eyes of the world, if you have a loving family, you are a success. --Og Mandino
Don't know her, but love your mom.
The have had a winning record on the road...15 seasons in a row. How about them apples?
this is me , I can’t even keep my eyes open !
Come see Volture. Doors are already open!
Pfizer rep says sometimes initial ideas don't play out and too many times compounds sit on shelves or in a freezer, now they have a chance.
Messi's third
This weather calls for a great day
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great day! Stop on by tomorrow for our edible special! Donate for one, get the second 1/2 off!! See ya then!!
Eating a cookie dough blizzard !
Oh why hello, hello life I've always wanted. I see you've decided to start becoming reality...
guess Jose Mourinho is kicking himself for earlier comments, huh? Will be an interesting final for sure!
wuzzz up dude
If I had the chance to hurt you, like you did to me, I wouldn't take it.
Laying in bed, feeling like shit. Woo!
That's over wrking the muscles... Not safe my dear.
Just got tickets for Shecky's...yay
I'm great how's your summer (Coach) Jasmine!?(:
it's a poor sailor who learns his/her craft on calm seas.
whats good - what kind of tracks you looking for
Oh man. That was a close one.
cool, one of the top engneers in the city, have yo sounding right.
There's been a guy on my bus holding a Tom Brady picture. He's done in for three days in a row. I'm confused.
#VoicesILove Usher- You make me wanna
Why are people saying R.I.P 2009-2012? Nobody said that they broke up...? They're amazing no matter what..[S]army
An artist never really finishes his work, he merely abandons it.
Tip #207: When you try to FORCE someone to do something, it can affect their ACTIONS... but it rarely affects their HEART.
Brently forgetting diesel for the compressor.
thanks for the retweet!!
Can you elaborate?
Orgasms for science!
3 developer challenges: refine our skill set, preserve ideals &share what you know, says
I've been working on it on and off since Feb. It's a very rough draft, mind you.
"How great is the love the Father has lavished on us, that we should be called children of God! And that is what we are!" 1 John 3:1
I have no idea what that means, but see you tonight!
Drug dumpoff, gun buyback
Let's get this Monday over with
Just try using #twitter today. #football #signingday #guys have it locked up. LOL #politics to
partying :D
thanks! tell your friends! we haven't been down that way in over a year and a half.
you'll just be watching Tebow sittin in the bench. He can't stay on the field.
Stripper booty with a rack like woww
Touched the ground for the first time ever in plow pose tonight! #yoga Must have been the #pilates pre-work.
Our Johnny B Gouda may sell out today. Get it while you can!
#20ThingsAboutMe I fiercely over think.
Holperin recall will be decided on how voters feel about him leaving state in Feb.
Follow me so I can inbox you.
ok, but whats gone happen to me, curious..
It's Topanga's aka 's bday! In her honor everyone should watch Boy Meets World on MTV2 and have a
where is your car?
what happened? Status?
you're so welcome! Those kids were so excited to meet you, I'm so glad it happened.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I appreciate you.......
I wasn't paying attention to u as usual lol :P
Thanks, Tony! I'm aiming for 46 days in a row so I've got a long way to go, but so far this has been a good start.
But first I need to get through this ^%&^* semester :)
I'd love to get a blog and/or wiki started. Need staff to do it + more time!
okay! I love her!
Are they holding a special feature on recruiting violations?
Smoothie sounds good right about now
this day was ok even tho i didn't get to go where i wanted to
I have yet to receive an iTunes gift card. I need more money
EarthLink Offering Cloud, Security Services Bundles Through Channel - CRN
Welcome to the Vikings! We're excited to have you!
oh i thought the same thing and i'm about to make him go away lol
it's about as real as 's
"Criticial" (i.e., crucial): Guess it depends if the research will benefit the researcher's field of interest.
I just love this wonderful,kind,awesome singer named Selena Gomez
Going on 15 hours and still going strong.
Oh, and a #FF to my brother-in-law and great attorney!
WOW IT GOES DOWN IN PITTSBURGH PA NIGGAZ IS GETTING CAUGHT WIT BOMBS IN DA HOOD NO BS DAT SHIT CRAY
Audition for Suburgatory today... Thank you Tim Payne! Just getting in the room is a win.
You deserved every word. The Color Purple is magnificent.
you know it's a good day when you pack SPF & a sunhat in your day's bag. #halfday #nephew #sunshine (cc: )
many thanks! RT : #FF for those who make Indy the best.
happy developers write more innovative code (Matt Zumwalt, #or09) i'm going to bake them some brownies...
I will bring you guys our leftover table top barrels. Then it will be aging instead of sitting.
Halloween is the one night a year when a girl can dress up like a total slut and no other girls say anything about it
That was in most of my reading last semester; still couldn't tell you what it means.
References to awesome things, though! I dunno, I totally got sucked in, even beyond the refs. Maybe you didn't play enough D&D?
“: Thank you to the weird kids that texted me today saying "I see you."” <<<That's ironic
Getting over someone is the hardest thing to do but you have to sometime or another.
Spy photos, sure thing
When people touch my feet <<<< #footphobia ❌👟
Yeah and I've been too lazy to re-dye it XD
who u goin wit
Just had a lunch-date with playwright/screenwriter Janine Salinas to discuss our new short film Dulce's Ashes!
First pumpkin bread of the season is in the oven! M ...
Tattoo being fixed soon :)
NP jazz music started as an Afro American aesthetic and was embraced by others and now is played by the world.
Play some Ferry
Z Time for a nap. Are you a big fan of the "Ciesta?" I must nap or I can't function.
meh, nothing important, just annoying!
Miss America 2012 where are the women judges
Out of al of our pictures together, you choose that one. WHY?
Check out this month's Inc. Magazine. We're an Inc. 5000 honoree & among the fastest growing private companies in America!!
ok cuz I felt that you didn't fools with your boy
Thoughts & prayers going out to Va. Tech community. Another shooting tragedy today. Senseless.
I think we have Mitt Romney's 2012 slogan.
Filippo Pozzato: I wasted my talent for too long
Are we going to remove the words holocaust and enslavement from books now because they evoke unpleasant feelings
#schools Bullying Prevention Tip #5 - CHALLENGE students to NOT be By-Standers..students involved in helping peers about the issue.
SHOUTOUT PLEASE LOVE YOU
My phone tried to autocorrect "cafes" into "cages." Well, that conversation almost got awkward...
Loving someone so much you do everything you can to make them happy <3
Early flight this AM. TPA-DTW-IND. Busy week ahead, then Pittsburgh and NYC next week.
Fun week marketing. Now time to tackle my screenplay this weekend. Come on, script. Let's do this!
You just made me feel like a
#thechew is all about cheese today, I'm stoked
OUT: Swedish Fish. IN: Aqua Life.
man I wish I was in the b so I could get some with you!
I only asked permission to tweet, and since they're minors, not sure what the rule is for publishing
Wrapped Intl Conf on Future #Holocaust Testimonies at W. Galilee College in Israel! Tks 2 Ghetto Fighters' House Museum, Partnership 2Gether
My favorite part of graduating? Finally having the opportunity to read all the books I actually WANT to read.
Is it wrong to believe in the resiliance of the human spirit.
Every time I pass a hot guy on campus, I wanna say "I don't normally dress like a bum" but then I realize that I DO always wear yoga pants.
The only rapper i really look up to is my brother young chi.Grind effort and dream is crazy.S/O
I know, right? Fear Street books were the best!
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!7
thanks to for coming out tonight!
how is dat..
Kind of unclear to me that Judge's role is material...
Lmfao , tell him he has genital herpes . ^__^
WOW my birthday is in 2 days haha
Spent afternoon trying to manage multiple blogs, emails and twitter names. I need to streamline my identity. Should have made banana bread
Our mission: 1. to reduce # of homeless pets in Oh
North London Wedding Flowers Specialists Pinks Weddings Launch New Website
#OccupyJax General Assembly meets today at 4pm, Community Garden group meeting at 5pm, both by the City Hall.
Damn 2000 tweets. What a "twittererbox" makes me feel like a lil belieber. & oh btw I still luv u ;)
Ballard High School's Homecoming Football Game is Friday October 15 @ Memorial Stadium-want to join us?
tonight at !! Get excited tonights gonna be a good night!
FUCK Twitter... I'm out...
Listening to Andy Sheppard, Michel Benita, Sebastian SPACEWALK, PART 2 - sci fi new age jazz? IT ROCKS!
Get out to tomorrow at in Pontiac! It's gonna be a riot!8pm $12 in advance $14/d
Thanks for the RT Eddie!
Relaxing in bed. Survived another day of speech class :/ so tired :( speeches are kinda scary & being nervous is exhausting. Gn.
We can't offer any discounts when the bats are on MAP, sorry. But you will definitely get free shipping!!
“I am interested in art as a means of living a life; not as a means of making a living.” ~Robert Henri
haha dude that video is hella funny i was crackin up
You think ignoring all your problems will make everything better?
Dudes be talking shit
Just added a new Twitter tab! Now you can follow all of our tweets straight from facebook. OR find us on Twitter !
miss my bestfriend! :/
enjoy the most u can :) it's not going to be that fun tomorrow when the pain starts ;) lol
Scott Decksheimer (sdecksheimer) thanks for the follow.
Thank to for following. Have a good afternoon.
Big stop by Rutgers, Louisville turns it over on downs at mid-field
where are you dt?
The only thing more boring than a strings concert is a chorus concert full of songs I've never heard before in my entire life.
RT this if you feel like spending all day in bed...and also if you feel like drinking more whiskey later tonight!
I co-sign that!!! RT : When one door closes, another 1 opens !
Excited for tonight: featuring ! I'll be there with will YOU be?
Mommas got it!
Nothing:/ I'm just watching AGT! What about you? (:
TRAFFIC ALERT: I-90 EB - RIGHT LANE WILL BE CLOSED NEAR MM 163 (EDGERTON) DUE TO A VEHICLE FIRE. USE CAUTION.
it's customary for shoe companies to test future shoes in all black/white...he must like them. Good for adidas.
Thanks for the follow.
Don’t focus on the problem, focus on the solution! This is taken from one of the #SwordofTruth series. Easier said than done. Any advice?
Maybe try adding "lyrics" to your query next time...? That might weed out SOME of the stuff you didn't want to see....
Agreed! We have the same problem listing from home and the office. Definitely thinking about it for the next release!
fuckin cunts blew the game. now hope needs to blow me.. hahhaha
i have played my fav song for 3 hours straight
It's been a year since started Immaculatize.com. He is considering following his own advice sometime soon.
It's Gala Day!
hm well.
i love justin ciz his music helped me trough rough times and he gave me the feeling i am loved.
Im writting a song... lyrics and a piano accompaniment
Congratulations Team Triple Crown win girls 18U. Vivianne and Kaitlynn
Ooh baby give me one more chance (I want u back)
Let me get where Im going...
#1stAnniversaryAustin so proud i will always love you <3
Txs for update. RT : author says he misspoke and it will be out next week
Homework <tv.
Checking him out Now. Thanks.
! it's your lion
Earthquake in D.C. Wow!
Thanks for the talk today, looking forward to my first World this year!
#twittermarriage for sure
will be watching tonight! can't wait! =D
RT : ANYONE can be a fan of ANYTHING. There are no rules. <- And no two people HAVE to like the same thing.
Nothing , U ?
thanks man - u are very welcome. So good to have you out there!
If you're an entertainment lawyer who can pitch a project to networks please get a hold of me
cute text.
yeah I need to work there.
Happy to follow thanks for following me!
Obviously Worlds Peace did not intend to hit Harden or anyone else. He was just celebrating.
lololololol. Are you in wrestling for club day?
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that is always tryna ride for free
every technology, new or old has its place ;)
More Vinyl in stock in Amoeba Gold vinyl...limited edition..
Woo get to see tonight!!💗
I've had enough of this concrete jungle
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Watch for Butler, Clarke, Coffee, Conecuh, Covington, Crenshaw, Dale, Escambia, Geneva, Henry, Houston,
we are launching in Nashville and want to get you guys on the site! Lets fix some cars together!
Go follow the fam He a Real Nigga and support Our #KrewsMusic !
bout to watch a movie!
my simple compliment: your thoughtful perspective helps broaden mine. thank you!
Wanna go practice #Karate in the garage?
Chasing Red trailer within the week.
Tanks! Much appreciated.
Everything I eat hurts my stomach. Dr tomorrow. Happy to be back on steady land, but I feel like I am dizzy and swaying still.
I've concluded that I'll never be able to run 13.1 miles in one day.
somehow im in a good mood
RT my last post to enter contest. Not the 3 days left post. Computer will generate the winner MAY 15th launch day. Thanks
I hear you on that!!!
Thanks so much for following us ..any allergies bothering you!? ;) Happy Tuesday!
-thanks for mention! Always appreciate the quality articles. Have a great weekend!
"Excuse me. Is this the back of the line? No, it’s the front of the line and we’re all standing backwards. Oooe!’ - Dice Clay
Just accepted an offer for a job that exceeds my expectations. As of February 8th I will no longer be unemployed! What a blessing from God.
Thank you to all my listeners, You've inspired me to keep writing.
alright I'm just go an watch now. Contacts out and everything. Live Tweet session?
Wonderful! RT : FOUND: Family of the lost elderly woman in Marathon, FL they're on their way to pick her up!
hey devendra! INNOVATE!!!! is awesome!
Ush! some people are so dumb!!
quit tweeting dumb sayings
OH my, math city?.. I look up to you Malcolm!
hey hey lil sissie daya~ good morning~ love you always & forever my dear lil sis~ have a zentastic day and take care <3
Until you get to school and everything's blocked. Haha.
How To Buy!
April has been a really eventful month :P
northern lights.
Happy for the broncos though
Reaction of instructor abt "things that go wrong"--the unexpected--can get students engaged. Excitement/curiosity is contagious.
Make Your Friday Better!!
RT : Happiness is a choice.
Working out of the studio today....
“: “Design is not synonymous with creativity.” /by ”
um yes it is !
Great fight, i love it
Awesome - thank you!
I've done no marketing/PR for my latest album yet... still deciding what to spend on. Thx for the lead. Is that your music?
Thanks for the follow. Loving your Santa Monica facility!!
Wow!! just said "He would take Rogers over any other QB in the #NFL, even Peyton,Brees,and Brady.
I'm cooking a big ole fancy dinner. I'm all wife-like today, ha! I hope I don't burn the hell out of it!
Hey, those Serbs should teach DC on how to pass a real budget, especially one that targets the deficit.
RT if you love gummy vitamins :)
Coming 2gether of #ows & #teaparty is GOP/Wall Street worst fear. What we have in common-corruption of our politicians by banks/oil/wealthy
Clayton Kershaw for Cy Young Award!!!
Lots more South Jersey reviews coming up soon, too...there may be some more names you will recognize.
votes are in for . amazing tonight!! can't believe he has gone this long without being discovered before idol
I have no label. on the other hand are a loyal member of a cult.Your rewards are campaign $ and advancement in Party Power
What's happening? A Pants off Dance off in Detroit. Dealwit.
And THAT is why soccer is the most exciting sport in the world. Most dramatic game I've ever seen
We just got a direct message asking where our walk-in store is at. We are at 4197 Memphis Ave. Cleveland Ohio 44144. Between Fulton/F.Prkway
: overheard on Congress, "I think that theater troop is re-enacting scenes from the bible?" "No dude, it's from King Kong!"
Yes, twice! First group got merged into another local group. 2nd group just launched 6 months ago & is now up to 51 members.
No days off.
Omg she said none of her projects have scopes...
“How do you say delicious in Cuban?” - Herman Cain
Master Plan Meeting Fairmount and Westside: Martin Luther King School 108 S. 9th Street, Newark, NJ May 17(Thursday), Join us
sis ill be fine i promise and can you bring me a bucket im gonna puck again
My headphones just snapped somehow
Thanks for the follow Billy! Stop in for an #adjustment and talk #food sometime!
Watching a tree hugging film with ralph Nader And my wife
I don't want a relationship where people say 'they look cute together'. I want one where they say 'look how happy they are together.
bitch u socked me :( lol
Do anybody kno a good lawyer that can help u get ur license back
“: Loved the story ...lol Loved the "robbing the craddle" line. Should the police be notified???” right?!?!
os beat yankees dude
Hey!!! My regional TESOL association is looking for keynote speakers for a November conference. Who are your favorites?
i'll try to arrange something for you and the rest of my supporters outside US, can't make any promises yet
Can't wait for tonight!!!!
wow Bob! Great article about photo micrography, thanks!
Top 6 Tips from our LegalShield lawyers: 2. There are no "dumb" questions, but many mistakes are made by not asking a question.
“: #Gemini needs substance to back up the style, or she will not be very happy in life.”swagger&appearance not enough
