I'm doing anything to avoid starting my quarterly reports.
Enjoying a glass of wine before seeing So excited!
Just left the press conference for the at ! Lots of GREAT changes for this year's race. Exciting!
Wilbanks: line betw. data and creative works is blurry
Wow I said luke alliger instead of james smh that's embarrassing ( ._.)
Congrats on a successful show!
sure and idk
To me the most interesting angle of the piece was the intense enthusiasm of some of its users.
Yeesh! Too many teeny tiny complicated charts at the Consumer Decision Journey presentation
To be sponsor for what?
lol :). - you all like green eggs and ham. Share and follow.
Fairly certain the woman sitting one row down-one row over would throw her underwear on the stage if she could. Def digs the Doobies
RT : Saw on TV great Home Cookin' win Blazers vs. Spurs. LA career high, everyone contributed....I'm on my way to Antarctic
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer3
happy to be on that list
I'm not sure :/
oh im not takin back my plz choke comment now!! lol. u was tauntin me
R.I.P Trayvon Martin Retweet To Show Respect♡
Who's got friends in #Denver or #Colorado in general? Send them a #ColoradoNative Beer with our #app! Maybe they'll send you a drink back!
When is too late to change your "branding"?? I'm sick of my name.
party time this weekend !
Looking to work on Pan Am Italian looking Will join Aftra to be on show
email me
: I would love to see as a guest performer on the #xfactor.” she garnered 6M+ votes in the Nick's kca voting
#ArtFact: At the age of four, Jackson #Pollock was playing with a hatchet and chopped off the end of a finger.
Thorough bandwidth planning, active monitoring, and proactive upgrades are a critical necessity for any #Cloud provider.
Got my shoes WET !!
Hard to fault anyone for loving their kid, but had tonight's MM ended at the banquet table, it would've rivaled last week's closing image.
<3 If we're caterpillars, it's only bc you're the Orkin man.
Where you going ? Hope not too far...
very cool! Great exercise :)
#homies there are nothing like em, where are all my Juggalos at and Juggalettes? ;) WHOOP WHOOP! :D
And you can rest knowing that you LIE and support terrorists who target innocent civilians. Their blood is on YOUR hands.
We're going to on Thursday, right?
Best of luck to Excited to watch on ESPNU on Friday. Sold out in Kennesaw.
More of Atlanta bricks
just saw your tweet re: fav PDX desserts! Thanks!!!
Just wanted to say thank you for being such amazing hosts today! The team really helped bring it together at the end :)
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
Thx. Too often we wear of rapists walking free. In all countries it happens. Let's hope it stops here.
haha :D yes I love those
has a bomb Cobb Salad & the owners are sexy
because you're lame.
vs that's the move!
Would you rather be sucked into the world of one game of your choice, or have the ability to play any game you want?
What is the cost of a square farm at $15 per acre, the distance of which is 640 rods?.
i'd like some background info-- can i come to practice?
haha bc he always wants YOU instead of me!! :(
Rhe Chandler Jazz Festival helped me with that and now I have the news article to help me push to get into others. Me likey!
WOYZECK won the SILVER MEDAL at the FanTex Film Festival of the Writer's Guild of Germany
If you don't give people a place to vent during crisis, someone else will create a "your company sucks" FB page. -
Yes! Pawmazing prizes!
Thanks for the game tweets. Keep 'em coming.
The biggest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
And YOU are the best one for the job! :)
This morning has felt like a day in and of itself.
...my guess is World Peace's suspension isn't even close to what Torres got.
Happy bday to this ugly ass nigga
Just landed. Gonna blast Pink Floyd on the way home.
oh yes I do
Starving but too tired to get up.... all nighters are not good for you.
text me..im in the library writing this lame paper
Lovin basketball this year
Now following :)
Cali bound for a few days!
Hello, Alex! Yes, we have taken notice. :) It's sparked quite a discussion in fact. Wishing you all the best!
the 2+ hour drive was worth it!
m hmm...I see ya
Woke up thinking today was Wednesday
I watch pom. RT this if you misread it.
It's cold & wet outside so stop by our dry gameroom to warm up :)
Why yes, I do tangeray
Oh, great. Our catalog is down. Can still find stuff with a work-around. Correct title from Amazon, title search in circ. & Prestone!
hmm, thx, lots to think about. Right now I am being myself but (some)kids don't respect me. Sometimes learning happens
Arse kicking are my specialty! Looking forward to it!
We had a guitar playing caller... that said the guitarist for The Fray was playing a "flat" or "sharp" wrong...?
Good point! Ideal is to keep the best of the "vintage" and add the best of the new. Problem: define best
B/C its to help my aunt find the perfect COMBO. for her new and first child
Should have taken all the emails from people about working from home as a sign.
The people that matter know I'm with em all tha way
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
On my way to clasz half slp... hopen that time past by fast
Enjoying LeBron James jokes this morning. You clever clever people.
Lol that's not nice
Had a nuts month
Dude! You need to let the minions know you're still alive! xD
Good to meet you,too! #Carmel “: Another highlight..talking local theatre& &compliments to our wonderful library!”
Excited to have in Philadelphia. I'm betting a 3rd person changes the whole company dynamic.
lmao who are you talking about?
whatevs. You coming to derby or what?
Come down to Twins Jazz club to catch my band performing original music from my album 1334 U ST NW DC 8pm
It can't be more than 45 degrees in this apartment right now. I shouldn't need to wear my winter coat INSIDE.
Great to have the #socialirl group here at the building today. I hope you enjoyed the day.
If ur trying to upload an app or script for #sourcefest, is having some issues, so be patient and try again in a few hours. Thx!
iight well when u comin through So I can be ready?
yeah me might! He's not that way!
ohh , well I don't even know what you look like !
"To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe." - Marilyn vos Savant
Very good win today by The Cats over the Vols !!! Now getting ready for the PACK tomorrow. GO CATS GO PACK !!!!!!!
writing about baseball!
Bravo to for another great Christmas show! I'm one big ball of Christmas spirit right now.
sounds like someone's jealous...
Had a dream about a canary over the weekend. I like the meaning behind that and really hope it's true. I really like this canary.
Hi my name is Mulania I'm a political refugee from Burma I speak Karen. I need a job. I've applied to the IRC website but no answer!
2) that I had in high school. There is going to be some serious nerd fashion happening this afternoon!!!
Why doesn't my computer have any sense of urgency? This video rendering is taking forever! It is Friday, hurry up computer!
Yeah and in high school, people tend to try to live up to stereotypes than embrace being diffrent. I gotcha.
Good game 1
we are all pretty cute
thanks Natalie!
Some cards do offer protection against fraudulent charges like that. If someone was able to charge 25k, prob protected
#centralonline Last service of the day! Happy Easter everyone!
kay, well i have to go, TrueBieberFans, going to get My World 2.0 tmm no matter what, rain sleet snow or hail. justin never fails. xx
I love people watching at airports.
In Music Meeting- Brandon Flowers “Crossfire” solo record? just like da Killers, uv heard it before, if ur not bored w/them ul like
Always Revive the Drive to Make Things Happen for Yourself ~ Sapee #Dont stay Down for too long. Fact is, Life is Full of Upz n Downz
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Enjoy it for me while I'm inside all day :(
Must be really bad...now every siren known to man has gone off & honking.
so that's what everybody means by "be careful on the Internet.." you'll have a creep chasing you
. Absolutely. Looking forward to learning more.
just checked you out on FB! We should play a show if you ever tour near NM.
Thanks for letting me know and best of luck as you progress towards your next job!
I don't need a rebound, just a distraction and can't even find that! Were are all the single guys at?
Thanks! Look forward to seeing more from the crew! Will we see you at Hip Hop International this year in Vegas?
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I failed that drivers license test
Thank you :) We are humbled by your kind words!
shhhh what happens at BSG stays burned in memories forever!
#SHA2012 On road from St. Louis, what's this about Nor'Easters inbound to Baltimore?
you need to reintroduce yourself to that movie.
Five Favorite Films with Whit Stillman Back in the 1990s, Whit Stillman wrote and directed what might be regarded as three modern America
I'm the perfect definition.
Just got my orange wristbands in the mail. Those are all access, yes?
I'm with you on #2-understanding Lost! For me...the whole d--- show!
Tomorrow morning, have a big announcement at 9! You better listen!
Am I the only one who's been so busy that I forgot to have lunch????
FREE MY NIGGA
We are always looking for new voice over talent. If you are available for voice work please let us know! Thanks
Just finished shooting hoops. Man its getting hot out there and its already 11am
I've never been a bigger Colt McCoy fan.
Very welcome! Thank you for giving me a good faith effort. Keep me posted on how things turn out...
Hey D, I sent you a dm. Happy Easter man. God bless!
remember when twitter was just a toddler, we all had so much fun telling life stories now it's nothing like that, and never will be again
thanks for the shout out!
Thanks to Danger Mouse...the Norah Jones record is actually worth a listen.
But seriously, let's do this. The road trip, not the outfits. But maybe the outfits. We don't have to decide now.
RT "Sit with a stranger and listen to them speak on topics you know nothing about. Be inspired."
thank god for extended battery
It's Friday!!! Time to get loco at FloCo!...after getting some studying done in the business center, of course...
Such a fun weekend, thanks for the support friends! Now back to business... finishing up my taxes & back to the design grind!
Actually, is trying to have me be a Hollywood Squares guest! But we still have to Skype at other times.
Thousands will march tomorrow in Seattle for workers and immigration rights- here is a story and a space for you, my readers, to talk...
Back in the studio
Morning listening: cat trying to eat the the garbage can.
i love you so much you're always so amazing to me i wish i was as good a friend as you
Thx to Rebekah & Don from NARA for helping us figure out social media & web records
Off to the AM event to learn from Dan Kaplan of about
I really hope Oregon State plays Louisiana-Monroe in football soon. I vote UL-M forever!
I would so faint if I get this dance instructor position. :)
One of the processes of your life is to constantly break down that inferiority, to constantly reaffirm that I Am Somebody. - Alvin Ailey
I think I have an unhealthy obsession with checklists...
Good morning everyone got up in a good mood lets hope istay in a good mood:):):):)
in Kentucky they put our names on our jerseys... In Croatia WE HAVE NO JERSEYS!!
So ready to get out the crib and graduate, one week from today!
#HardestThingToDo ;; stay warm in New York when winter is coming..
Hiking in the Berkeley hills today, the slope got too steep and dusty. I took off my shoes ... so _that’s_ what toes are for!
tweet something!
cleans. I don't like cleaning. :)
you too thanks
The next 12 hours will be spend in a caffeine-fueled, sleep-deprived and anxiety-enhanced rage as I finish my last 2 finals...
Thank YOU Jocelyn! You rock :)
RT Hopefully we'll see you at the event on May 12. Go DC!
This week, very interesting topic. Jeanette Chasworth talking about the power of color. Thurs 8-9pm PST on http//:a2zen.fm
praying u have a speedy recovery!
We are giving away 2 FREE Bears tickets in the month of November to one of our Twitter followers who signs up for a free profile! Enter now!
Yes. THAT kind of awesome! RT And if by awesome you mean #HungerGames nerds, you are correct :)
i can't fall asleep wtf i hate insomina
So thankful for good conversation with and God giving me a future husband who pours sweet,God-given wisdom into me
+/- a few grains. RT : well, not completely meaningless but definitely worth several grains of salt
Thanks to all who attended tonight's event featuring AD Larry Williams! Great to connect with so many.
“: Hey mom?” “WHAT!?” “Nevermind you`re not in a good mood."”
I got you guys.
U go a long way to get ur way :'(
My experience is college/university, not employer, gives credit for a course overseeing for-credit internship. cc:
Attempting ice fishing for the first time followed by the #Ravens game! A perfect Sunday. Purple & black!
Hey can u please follow me? I bet u guys r gonna kill it tommorow♥ Cnt wait!
this is Edgar at WCCO Radio do you think we could get a hold of your friend in Mexico. Please call me (612) 332-7900 thank you
You think we are dating???
Good news: I won a bet. Bad news: my friend has to change his name legally to Doctor Flexagon.
a little hard to watch yes! Maybe next time right?
RT : social workplace: expert meets expert ..like the tag line #linc #cisco (me, too) w/ swarming + just-in-time learning
I loved those weeks. Enjoy!
I know! It's one of my favorites!
Metta World, ah, forget it.
thanks for all of the RTs! hope you are well!
short film, just a huge cat sitting there...*BURP*!
RT : Good morning everyone! Another blessing, another opportunity, another day to improve!
Just checked my itunes for Nelly lol got it.
Hi testing sonar @ Jacob Tyler Creative Group
theres something i didnt like: you never write me .. :) can u change that now? <3
I see a fat blunt in my future
Please clarify yr allegation: and/or plagiarise content, or consume news online for free. Which?
Well Ima bad bitch and I know it lmao tyty voice... Tyty lol way an immature name sisi
Loved it! (Except for the part that it's still a kid's cartoon and I could quote lines I've never heard word for word.) :-)
BNI breakfast time.
Thanks for the RT today
ice cream it is then :)
I am, too! I came home and immediately looked in the fridge.
RT Moderating at #digitalhollywood on Mon on future immersive consumer experiences with ...
a big group of us is DEF going!!
Hanging by a thread
You are welcome. Best of luck in your PR career.
I tested the Ph levels this morning...it was almost all P...and no H...
I don't know why I'm up...
Today’s downtown specials are: Roasted Cauliflower, Tomato (vegan), and butternut squash (vegan). Sugar free lemonade is Blueberry mint.
Do any of my followers own a ? I've got specific questions about usage and subscriptions (fees, necessity, etc).
i know what you mean--grant finally insisted that i upgrade..which means that he upgraded too.
that was the best, or all the "cute people"
The coach looks 'Skerryier' than the players!
A little dark chocolate may reduce the risk of heart failure. A "little" being the key here and make it DARK! Less sugar more chocolate.
Beautiful pix! Thx for sharing!
fantastic. Will come by booth for sure if nothing else
- ok. this may explain the very negative note I received. Sorry you were spammed!
shut up Mrs. FORD!
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to following more closely the news in your reporting area. Cheers.
HT to the spam bots for staying off #lrnchat last night, but they're back :-(
I just bought a brand new John Deere
#ThinkLikeAMan funny as movie bro ~ lmfaaao
close, because he's dead
i have school tomorow but i gotta plan :D xD
nice meeting you! I'll fill out an about.me due to your inspiration.
it's a mindset, a skill set & most importantly training those who deliver services in the District to be the most skilled.
Hey, puke and rally.
big match today #legooo!
What is a man's view of safe sex? A padded headboard.
I'm so glad its late so nobody will see this confession.. but.. I'm not happy that Make It Or Break it is completely over. Yes I'm a fan.
Dr. Scott Fraser: a long history of antipathy between science & law. need STEM in law schools, & all memories are reconstructed
I love you so much i know all of your songs Super Bass, Autobiography,Muny,Blow Ya Mind, Romans Revenge, Save Me, Massive Attack
SO TRUE SO TRUE. Screw you for leading me on! "'Forever' has 7 letters, and so does 'Goodbye'"
Playing sims ... no life
I GREW UP A FAN OF PCs and WINDOWS. BUT NOW?? RETURN OF THE #MAC . DONT MISS ALL THESE ERROR MESSAGES AN WARNINGS ALL OVER THE PLACE.
Halle Berry screamed at the paparazzi like I wanted to scream after I saw "Catwoman."
"Thank U for the RT! It cost so much more to hate than it does to love." ~ Solomon
apparently coconut shampoo but damn that sucks
Jump into your bathtub dramatically?
Thank you! That's our new fall addition.. Glad you like it!
STANK w/ DJ The Metaphysical | A night of heaters, rug burners, awesome tracks & dance floor | 10PM |
Q5 - Really? Why is that your favorite?
Oh, and listening to P.O.D., too. Go figure.
To bed
Just over two weeks until Bring Me The Horizon and Parkway Drive!
Thanks, just went and renewed my license. It was painless.
Nothing is better than the encouragement of a good friend. - Jean Jacques Rousseau
Hitting every sample table at Costco
Today is my husband's 49th birthday. The day we met I was 17 and he was 20. This is just a little freaky to me.
RT Pretty much. RT : The bottom line on why social media works: people like people. [news flash!]
not cool. Sorry people suck.
Was doing so well at the pacer until I tripped >.< now my ankle hu
do you have any idea of its whereabouts?? i have no clue
Let's get high , kill these lows...
Fuckin FAIL. That shit was embarrassing.
hosting the #glaadawards! Amazing!
FYI if u store apples together with potatoes-the ethylene gas the apples emit prevents potatoes from sprouting.
yeah cuz it serves no purpose nemore...we need la bck now
Dress me as if your life depended on it.
hello R&R
sucks, huh?
(With an entire cast of little people.)
You asked for it and we listened. New GROUPON begins tomorrow 8/11/11 $10.00 for two taco platters of choice and two soft drinks $20.50value
That’s a good way to let people know how to bundle up their kids for school though. Dress like a polar bear today.
oh I sowwy (:
“: What's a nice way to ask who somebody is when u get a text with just a number, no name?” "hey new phone and no contacts!"
Good morning #TweetDontEaters! What types of breakfast foods do you eat on the run?
Same. I guess technically they're my home team so I should root them on.
I have to disagree with Blair Levin; Europeans don't have the kind of discretionary spending on electronics as Americans do.
Lol a Wessex water van just drove past using one of those microphone things to say the water supply is going off for 1 hour
Hope all my friends in Nashville escaped the storm last evening!
Tomorrow's game kicks off at 3:30 against UW-Lacrosse! Get ready for a great day of rugby as MURFC looks to bounce back!
The Good Morning text I just got.. > >
lol “: Don't worry. I weigh more than them too. >> “: Why do I weigh more than Mayweather & Cotto?!?!!! WHY!?!"
I wonder how many people don't have a life, they spend so much time here or on internet games
We will be praying for you
your bed looks extremely comfortable .. lets watch a movie.
Thanks for #FF mention. MAVC will definitely travel to Roanoke to play volleyball this year; most likely in March.
The audio is so far behind the visual on CBS it's ridiculous. You can't tell watching golf til a tee shot. Swing and tink five seconds l8r
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park: The Rock & Roll Yearbook for 1971 – The Allman Brothers record world class performances at the...
But You Didnt Tell Me Goodnitee :(
thanks! Definitely
there are so many subliminal messages in this movie
does victoria follow youu?
It is the same time...we just didn't feel like corking the bottle.
I got u I do musik myself ill hit that up thoe
Haha, get with it, Dana.
I love hearing about your interaction with Jolly. Wish him all the best no doubt.
Nothing like finishing dinner just as the #SportingKC game starts. Too long of a day at work if you ask me.
I have a universal one
Show tomorrow night, 7pm at Clearwater Theater in West Dundee with our friends Indolent, Zero to End, and Dysfunctional Mariachi. $8 for tix
;) Oh ya, WA, OR, & northern CA I really like alot too, beautiful..."stuck in OH" lol, I hear ya, I live in AL now :/
Well, hello Saturday ... it's been awhile.
nice pic you look great!!
the tattoo! lolol
#InMiddleSchool we played ultimate frisbee with Mr.Young, and I was a boss at it!
#preThanksgiving so let's get it over with and go eat!
Knock the world right off its feet and straight onto its head.
oops. Also good luck tomorrow at the iron bowl this weekend! WDE.
S/o to the Ark. musicians!!! Keep God First
is it here?
I just signed a petition urging to stop violence against women and repeal Article 475
To scan a hard copy of a doc insert it into your scanner's sheet feeder; press the simplex or the duplex button on the scanner.
Florence, Silversun Pickups, M83, Sleigh Bells, LIGHTS, Two Door Cinema Club, Grouplove, Scissor Sisters, etc etc!
With da band drinking smoothies...I love orange...nd i gotta stop sayin da...
CHARLES!!!! IM THE JUGGERNAUT BITCH!!!!
Oh my gosh I just practiced parking like 10 times
LM Police Chief Ed Aceves says his staff reports every crime and makes them public... "so people know" what is really going on in the city
M what is that smell? What perfume or cologne are you wearing today? and speaking of aromas, 4:20 FLOYD is coming up next...
Follow my crew ... In depth discussion about life, music, and all things relevant.
and overall niall's just better in general :))
If you take Closing Time, you'll never have a hangover again ;) check out our page for a chance to win a free sample!
Charity fundraiser at Dr. Howell's for the Special Olympics of St. A. Then out to celebrate Josh's 27th! He has nice lats.
Many kind words coming back on the new posters. We do plan on making them available in the future. Thanks for all the support Horror lovers
oh naïveté. Ignorance is bliss. ;)
lol i never liked it .
I got a 1030 for my score on that online test in pre algabra today. Mr. K said that was a new high score
this is going to be a very busy weekend.
i am in boston. selfishly, would love for you to come.
Do you use Twitter? If so, please follow us Thank you!
Legalized drugs would make my life much better though. Less niggas bragging about getting high to fit in
I'm wondering how many times in NBA history someone has had 15+ rebounds and 20 assists in the same game. Can't be many.
I can't breathe without you but I have to.
If he/she cant keep a conversation; what makes you think he/she can keep a relationship?
You should automatically get a loss when Nazr Mohammed can get inside that easily...
Dear Denver, thanks for supporting us this weekend! We're so proud of what we accomplished!
Hes an inspiration to a lot of people, & he's always there for his beliebers & thinks we're flawless(:
oh man that is the best! Hot dogs or Peas are also a clutch move!
Food, love, career, and mothers, the four major guilt groups. Cathy Guisewite.
when purchasing a spaceship the priorities are: 1 voiceovers 2.uniforms 3.learning to fly
My Falcons lost today. They really didn't seem to be firing on all cylinders.
TGIF!!! Have a great day!
I'm glad twitter is not down!
every hour is sad o'clock in a Nicholas sparks movie. Ha!
Yo dis little Sixth Grade girl got the nerves to tell me I'm too young to be in love. Girl Bye!!
Thanks for the recommendation!
RT : “Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten.” --B.F. Skinner
Tonight come by to watch some Monday Night Football :)
showcasing some talent in sherman oaks.
I can no longer stand the trash, ghetto conversations going on around me everyday.
": Betty was never really likable, but good gawd she's a cunt this season. #MadMen" Lol, so true #:-D
72% plan to research gifts online before buying this holiday season--Deloitte Consumer Survey
I love with Real talk, invokes feeling that we're all in this together.
I wish that I knew some way to hashtag the drop in this song.
Alan Meltzer Leaves $1.5 Million To Driver and Doorman
I manage everything on the facepages and the twitters for my client, moonlighting as a 40 yr old stay at home mom that cooks a lot.
Did she really just asked me can we go out tonite? Hell to the no I'm gettin money no time to play wit u this weekend sorry
yea I kno
WE LOVE YOU TOO!
Gearing up to release a slew of new music, can't wait to hear your feedback! Loser Lemonade: Home of the 808
Um........why are there helicopters circling my house?!?!!?
I assume that's how Air Shows draw thousands of spectators every year. 4 pilots are aready gone like this during five years.
I'd hoped the words "That Bernie review isn't writing itself" would have some stimulative effect on my motivation. No go.
#Bee venom has anti-inflammatory qualities and has been an ancient remedy for #arthritis relief if the person is not allergic.
The hashtag didn't work on the last tweet, but you get the idea.
That's awesome.
“: I wanna wake up to a cute text message :)” same here...
My phone is dead, hold on call you in a sec
YONDER MOUNTAIN STRING BAND - Pabst Theater - Friday, November 11 - 8PM DOORS.
It's OK to retweet any information regarding your beat. Readers can consider the source
Considering Whitney grew up in Newark and lived to be 48, she actually died of old age.
tonight, showing the directors the poem I've been working on for the street theater piece in #colombia ...
Lol nah that's all u PLAYA!
I'm gonna start going by "Tafari" for this music shit. That sounds dope. It's official.
Grill homemade pizza! RT : A1) When Grilling Exotic for the adults order Pizza for the kids
Friends w Insomnia: get over it. Seriously. You're Better and Greater. It's just a state of mind and you CAN change it. Peace.
RT : Interesting that FACULTY were more engaged with students when using Twitter in class and vice versa
I don't think that's how chickens make more chickens...
I have just seen it all... A man in a man dress? What has the world come to....
Awesome. “: #FightTheFuture is trending already, damn! :')”
Project number three - fixing his brakes.
What do you do when your dreams become reality???
When we think of leaders, we remember times of change, innovation and conflict
i drOp shyt.. h0es pOp it.. dem birdiez fOll0w it... gOt my name in yO mOuth? b1tch swallOw it
Finish your work early and act like you're doing something productive for the remaining 40 minutes. Ready... go.
lol RT seeing you the other day (: >>>>
Rappers ain't supposed to do what R & B singers do
let's dance.
did you read the post, its not about the story, its about the editorial decisions that have been made
Definitely piling up on the grass - not sticking on the road yet (good - my kids won't be home until almost 2:00!)
This bitch on campus pd just rolled up a dollar and tried to smoke it because she didn't have a cigarette...
Thought so, not worried too much, it's recruiting at the end of the day.
Let's go Gators!
We would love to begin our careers in Seattle! Do you have any positions to suggest to our May 2012 graduating seniors?
A surplus? People with a spending addiction aren't going to like that one bit.
Tell us what #summerart programs your org has planned! We want to hear all about it and #retweet it! Thnx.
Thank you for supporting & attending beautiful luncheon. Enjoy chocolate!
congrats JP, big end of year wins for you guys
- i fucking hate chemistry.
Watchin the substitute &the new york team is a school like 15mins away from me lol ik a kid who goes there
My timeline's not dead but my mentions sure are..
it's sslurtles all the way down!
<<<<< Is A Rude-Ass BestFriend
But again they blogged dismay and apprehension
This packet is love
That's game! #SportingKC beats LA 1-0 & is still unbeaten. Great game by & the team.
Sharing best practices about how to kill things and light fires. Shared by showing.
Back On My Ssht, Niggas Dont Want What I Want.
#20ThingsAboutMe I tend to get attached very easily in a relationship, yet it takes time to earn my trust.
make sure you check out my links for doritos on my page below on my twitter page!!!
Manic Monday specials at A1 styles book ur appointment asap 916-304-2663 check out A1 styles of facebook
Many Moods of Ben Vaughn came just in time to save a poopy Saturday. Saturday begins anew.
Clarissa Explains it All my nigga.
I'm starting to believe there really are only two and a half degrees of separation between Seattleites.
I added commentluv to my blog last night...pretty fun! Well...not the process of adding it :op
"That is shrimpy von shrimpness" guess who said that?
You and your "swag" can go fuck your selfs.
RT: Imagine all the shit I don't say
Its kool I enjoy it
too late...
you're such a good friend lawren. Now lets go fuck some bitches up.
Bounced back and pitched well
Looking at a long list today.
*TRAUMA* Box 52-2 Eutaw Pl & Druid Park Lake Dr; Auto accident, car overturned. Medics taking 69yom to in CRITICAL cond
I have so much more respect for you. That was the REALEST shit I've ever heard. My ma took off on me cuz of her addictions
Tapping tonight #RahrBrewing snowmageddon with cocoa nibbs on cask! YUM
great interview.
That was a valid point. Thanks for sharing your views!
Best Buy should send me roses today since they do nothing but fuck me.
Im creating a series of noted around my house to remind me to workout :) lets go!
Ah. Shorts. <3
you're very welcome.
You think?
me me! i actually have a shoot the 25th there
I see looking fresh !
Exxon found a high level of improvement in communications & operating results. So it has made it a required training experience for managers
RT RT RETWEET If the first thing you do in the morning, is check your phone.
we don't right now; just US. the challenge is language - food terms are highly cultural / unique and don't translate well :(
Hey Reco I still want you to come down this year Nov 11-13 and be apart of LS Fashion Wk bring it!
Receive $10 OFF any B-KAO handmade clothing or bag! Just mention "TWITTER TEN" at checkout! Booth
I was just messing around man. You know I love food too much
Daps for Marni, who makes a beautiful shoe that can endure a long night.
Im so tired of being used, I fucking hate my exs. Stuck up bitches, that constantly need cock to live in life fuck
Bath time, reading The Hunger Games.
thanks for the follow! I'm excited to see what urb_im produces.
I feel like the HEAT are trying to kill me!!!! Just win the game please!
how was ya sleep
Our Jamaican jerk pork and brie was jammin', slow-braised lamb was luscious, but our Hebrew Nationals w all beef chili & cheese are banging!
All crossed! I'm ignoring John. xoxox SNOW DAY
usually the next day for ATT
Well, it's time to MOVE!
Back from watching my baby cousin <33
Interesting to see little or no corporate logos inside Rose Garden for NCAA tourney compared to college bowl games
Go to the New Balance store and check out Aravon shoes. They may be what you want.
Gourme Mist is reaching out to nutritionists and registered dieticians.
Not much about your personality so much as your love life. Yikes!
Is the head coach from #SaintLouis is wearing #Pajamas?
I may actually partake in the democratic process and vote...for one of the contestants on the voice. It's either opera dude or rocker chick.
Mommy Life: Eric Ludy on adoption
Keep your thoughts focused on God keep His word in your heart so when the enemy comes to attack you will bd ready
Good morning!
not much, about to hit the sheets soon....gotta be up early to get some writing done before work...whats up with you?
Portland Oregon?! My home!
definitely one of my favorite eps, I never get tired of watching it. oh baby rowsdower saves us and saves all the world
The noise that the tool they scrape your teeth with makes when they're cleaning them <<<<<
Come on Rockies!!
It was great to have met you at the conference last weekend!
Awful day
hey soror. Need help. A group from dallas jack and jill (25) wants to tour cau fri at 2 pm. Sent u an email. Janis
my name not Sarah
Mike Stud remix of Boyfriend. Your welcome.
Just got finished dropping tirene off . Heading to the mall
Driving by our new house one last time before hitting the road back to Memphis. See you again soon, little house!
Thx for the follow, stop by and say hi when you are bike-touring Baltimore- we have beautiful architecture in Charm City ;)
Besides utilizing my warm weather wardrobe? Soaking up the sun while jogging through Central Park
wow that sounds like an amazing trip. First time there?
haha same here dude!
Life has spoken all conversations cease
Thanks to for being the 1,000th person to follow me on Twitter!
Awesome news! Congratulations to the Terso team!
I'm going to cry its actually so perfect aw
": Oh no... I'm very proud of it! lol... How old are you?" About to be 29!
when u need it im still out here on 87th u can get it now fam
Sounds like Congress is back in session on 17th street this evening!
I did her wrong but yet she still around but she treat me lik shit shuld I except it or leave it alone?
Hahahaha!!! I like that they actually let the kids have front row. Very generous. Real southern gentlemen. We're nice people.
Lol that dog! They're all over New Orleans lol I took a pic by the icee dog.
What part of the World are you?
Whew! That's gonna have to be enough #FF love for today. I can't type anymore. Have a green wknd & tell ur fav stores about !
I'm watching Tin Cup lol
No problem :) ♥ ♥Bretana♥
there is no bathroom!
to early for me fuck that !
blah blah blah leave me alone lol. Them ashy lips.
Someone talk to me :)
I'M HUNGRY AND I KNOW IT.
Just got a call from a regular.She is upset she will miss sidewalk sale (She's been 2 everyone) Wants us to know she is OK, just out of town
#JustRememberThat just because one guy hurt you all guys aren't the same.
Love me, hate me - either way you're thinking of me!
Time for swimming lessons with the boy. Dunk him! Dunk him! Dunk him!
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 41
GL: as long I can share work w/ people I study, even noone agrees, OK. R job not to approve/disapprove; but 2 show how things work
good luck! and have fun
yea!!! I got the part I wanted >D
I'm kicking some doors down! Drive deserved an #OscarUpset in Sound Editing! The entire movie was led by the audio!
I dont wanna go to school :/
these 2 people survived the zombies and shizz and got into the govt place and now the govt trying to kill them cuz yolo
Dear Ohio: Please fire Boehner. He is a 1% bagboy. And he cries when he drinks, which is not fun at parties.
Happy New Year pastry world i was away from internet for the weekend (not doing that again ) but i am back
True. There are a lot of talented artists who could benefit from those programs if they were within reach financially.
Today Show right now - 'Nag No More'. Perfect segment to watch to help marriages & relationships in terms of communication & conflict.
A hug is like a boomerang - you get it back right away. - Bil Keane
Late wake up for me = lots of black coffee (Dark Guatemala) & lots of black metal. What's your kickstart to get your morning going?
Let's go White Sox. Get that W.
stop by and visit our booth!
external collaboration research is in minority at #gail2010. Potential for next year's conference presentations.
am doing great too.I just thought it would be great to say hi.and its nice being your twitter pal
A: Keep it original. Don't go totally experimental, but somethings are overdone 15 min of people talking about feelings is kind of eh.
Good morning to you. The weather seems like it will be tolerable this weekend in the S of A. Enjoy it!
Guess who I'm sitting next to right this moment? Katherine Boyette is in the house!
EVERYTHING is on my flash drive. Lawd 
Just got some love from Jonathan #brandmeier on #WGN radio! Work zone safety week in full swing!
An age is called "dark," not because the light fails to shine but because people refuse to see it. ~James Michener
what do you mean story of your life?
Jets just got majorly lucky.
I still beLEEve.
Don't ever get Geico insurance. They have the worst customer service ever.
RT "The key to the ability to change is a changeless sense of who you are, what you are about and what you value."-S. Covey
Ashleigh is singing at a celebrity fundraiser hosted by Billy Dec on March 8th! We are so happy for her!
beep beep I go to sleep
Paul Pierce just passed Larry Bird on Celtics All-Time Scoring List, that one makes you stop and think!
u so nasty!
Stay healthy over the holidays by drinking water, getting some well-needed sleep, and don't forget to floss after all of those big meals!
Hey nashville peeps... dont drive.
and I will go dance in the rain now.
I just had the tastiest food in #ParkSlope #Brooklyn. It's got a great daytime crowd here and the nicest staff.
Both teams average over 1 point/minute on offense and 61 and 64 possessions per 40 minutes. Talk about little to no value in that Under..
Good Morning everyone sending coffee to all xo
Where in the world are you tuning into the seder from?
Thanks! It's my goal to make immersive gallery & mobile platforms including games to share Jewish art history.
That's not nearly big enough.
totally forgot how much he hates auditioning.
Test Message..
This weekend i found out who my REAL friends are
Too much "dribble, dribble, jump stop" by Taylor 25 ft from the basket.
I did at first as well. Thats how I realized what you were saying.
...Especially if you add to that the fast break points they can make off lakers turnovers.
where is it at?
got to say, those are some new criticisms for me!
email me @
Thank you very much for the follow. Appreciated greatly. Have a wonderful day! Peace & Love.
Time cannot go by any slower
IM FREE!!!!!!! READY FOR CHICAGO BABY!!!!
i wish
yes and yes! We have lots of other editions, check out our etsy shop: crackeddesigns.etsy.com
oh hell no why are you so dirrrttyy
Wth happened to Houston winter?
This is pretty cool --> RT UN food relief agency partners with film
Might get me some toms tomorrow(:
At times I do miss having my ex bf,.bc id have someone to sleep next to every night and wake up next to every morning
“: Everyone wants the truth but no one wants to be honest.”
": Halo #EpicFail"how?
omg love it!
CORPUS CHRISTI for the Glass Slipper Ball!!!
The brakes in the van don't work. Hoping the brake fluid we added helped. Time to rock the shit out of Atlantic City
While I can't *professionally* endorse the $1 #blackjack tables at #Sahara in #Vegas (HORRIBLE rules!!) the game's a freaking riot!!!
I almost wish it was simple my doctor doesn't know what's wrong with me so I have to see a whole list of others to find out.
Working before teaching tap this evening. Hope I have time to pull together the tap news today. We'll see...
visiting my neck of the woods for a week. good to see everyone
thanks!! that's really nice :-))
it's my baby boo 's birthday! Love you <3 (:
Thank you to VMeals for providing #TBBmore with a wonderful spread!
Project Jamaica, Queens lives.
Olive garden is my favorite restaurant
nutritious but definitely NOT delicious. bleh!
In the lab mixing down A record for my boy from GA "Party Animal" FIRE! Finish up Tribute mix tomorrow.
Seriously, June is gonna be the fucking BEST! Can't wait!
In the name of fabric testing I am now wearing a pair of jeans under my dress. I look like a fool; this is some serious job dedication.
that she can get milk from sippy. IDK, maybe worth a shot.. and she may like game of going back & forth.
Um amma go to bed now I have2 wake up early
He opened the show w Obi Wan & Luke watching R2D2's video projection of hardcore pornography instead of Princess Lelia's cry for help.
Maryland football: beautiful offense, offensive unis
adorable new picture Mr. Biersack(:
Merry christmas!!!!!!
Good friends. Bad friends. We all have them.
So...Bill Murray telling Jonathan Wilson how cool he is at San Jose. Whoa.
) yeah Jennifer! Here we are on twitter. have a great weekend.
If I went to bed right now , I wouldn't be so tiers in the morning , but instead I choose to stay up until like one .. Bad choices !
Update: Nightline segment will run TOMORROW night, May 8th on ABC. Stay tuned!
Holy shit, a player from the Royals walked. Yes, took 4 balls. CRAZY!
Don't forget Friday Night Flights from 6pm to 10pm but stop by for dinner here before!
... Which was almost autocorrected to "even badasses need napalm."
would love to read some of your stuff... where should I start?
Is vitamin water a thing?
Happy birthday
New user name, new default, new look! Stay in touch.
is that a rhetorical question Bradley?
I am completely confused right now
recommends Voice Memo App (android)
I do not know the specifics of the advertising on the site; however, I believe it is a 3rd party that is involved, not DK.
I am toying with bringing my windbreaker, but wondering how much time will I really be outside.
dm Me I deleted my aim app ;p
Jimmy tressel called it quits?!
I wanna see Diddy do what Dre did with Biggie that would b the shit east coast baby
Looking forward to moderating today's #PRSAHoosier luncheon featuring ! Follow along via
Ad Clubbin' it up tonight. 6pm UWM Union room 179. Strategy vs. graphic design work
& will be talking #socialmedia w/ & their event council tomorrow. Looking forward to it!
I think I missed another meme...
Dinner served by the hubs: bratwursts, seared to a fine juicy crisp. Yummies.
Good luck!
me too!! Can't wait to have time for this :)
Thanks for getting us to 800 followers!
I gave up not because im weak but because your no longer worth fighting for
I'm not gone say he choked. He made some mistakes. lol
Currently laughing at myself. I can really amaze myself sometimes.
pills + Silver Bulletts? Lowell
wouldn't it b ello in your country? Lol
Can't wait to show everyone the Spring/Summer Line, this will be our biggest release to date!
Pssssht. Whatever, crazy therapist lady. What. Ever.
my birthday was yesterday had fun
ight bet lemme know(: I wanna see you
It would get 65mpg and NOT be a hybrid. The hybrid version would get 90mpg+. And it would run on water only. Yeah.
If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it! – Lucy Larcom
Politics, rock, and hip hop. These people's know Wassup
Great run out there today!
will be a massive meltdown in Indy if they do not win SB now but especially if they don't even make it
with that being said, Wings a great 4-4 team. They score here! This has all the makings of game 7 w/ all the whistles early
Lots accomplished today, alot more to do tomorrow, off to enjoy the rest of the evening, hope you all are well! see you all again tomorrow!
I was a tad high strung at the the time ... ANYHOW I'm glad you're OK, soon it will be
Sorry for the delay! Tonight we're doing half off bottles of wine. Teldeschi Zinfandel with the Duck Breast?! I'd take us up.
Put your trust in the Lord and go ahead. Worry gets you no place. - Roy Acuff
yay!:D ohh so being cute make you funny.? On then this gone new hilarious. Y is6 afraid of7 ??? :0
Sipping coffee in Peet's, listening to talk to himself.
but, of course
Thank you for RT's
An IU vs UK game is good for #iubb and #bbn; not coming to terms is a loss for both sides. Esp. if it's over money.
this kid in my PSA class quoted our line from Sex Drive! It made my day!
working on some new music and its amazing,, will be keeping u posted
You didn't know I was a Packers fan?!?! Lol.
specially when he falls, he never gets back on D smh
I have this 3ft bear its more than half my size, I don't want it anymore...... Any takers?
Lets do this.
the entire record multiple times.
Welcome to the #SFWordpress Meetup. Any tweets with the #SFWordPress tag will go to this wall!
welcome to Twitter!
To an amazing women Happy Birthday Pattie :) Wish you the best of life ❤
you guys ever cover toll road issues in MD?
If you were worried bout where I've been or who I saw or What club I went to with my homies baby don't worry you know that you got me
Let's go brewers. MSE in the house with the marketing gorilla.
at least fights that I won't get in trouble for
Only 23 days till Euro 2012...
I have to practice parking today...my road test is tomorrow!!!! Yikes :/
And the #berklee library www is back! Our fingers are crossed that that's the last of it--thanks for your patience.
True blood on dvd :)
I love the movie brave heart! William Wallace / Mel Gibson sure knew how to piss off those fruity English bastards. #Freedom !!!!
wish I could say the same.
I agree! It appeals to mass consciousness.
#TalkingFunny was a great success. Loved hearing some great theories of comedy from comedy greats.
Hey listened to to your stuff. Now that's some home cookin' blues! Love it-check out my blues band-myspace.com/pipercubs
Best of luck with finals, everyone! If you need a quiet place to study or even rooms for group projects, visit !
Well played, Drew. RT : loves a good Rick Roll. They just Rick Rolled me through an offer page mock-up.
It's going down at the soul station for bday
sounds good to me! :)
Jamming To
I'm hoping to pick it up soon.
I've been thinking about things that I love. I love the idea of twinkies... but they let me down in reality!
*wipes crust out my eyes* good mornin' :D
Heat vs okc game
my fault got caught up wit class. Bro we gotta link up
||+~.. SATURDAYS CLUB MATRIX...NEED VIP... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.....--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Why is the Lizzie McGuire Movie trending? LMFAO
“: My first try at #CrossFitGames Open 12.1 was 95 reps. I can break 100. #bringit” get it!
Classy move by the Bucs organization. I'm impressed. Best wishes to Eric LeGrand.
The Boston - Bulls game - Wow..what a finish
texting u now, save my number :)
That's the *essential* Toto...
Wow, just called me the H-word! RT A Chicago hipster () shrugs off that list of hipster-ish cities.
was invited to the group "George Mason School of Law: Class of 2015" He's good looking and smart.
HGB does inflame passions! :)
this weekend passed by fast....
and who u laid up wit?
My club is playing the hawthorth heights song that kids sing to. Love them.
I wish.... We still have hannukkah...
sick goal tonight. #5 play on sports center top 10 plays!
TMIW Ye Olde King's Head in Santa Monica has some drinks with your name on 'em, & after last night's debacle, time to drink em!
Much more my speed! I was worried about that pinching thing.
I do!
can't wait to see some scans!
yeahh we r on the samee page! Except mine is about sharkss.. and pizza sounds so good right now!
Hello Queen! I really like that you are culturally oriented. It is rare to see your type of boldness I like it good job.
I Texted You Back
Definitely go with iPhone!! That's better than BB!! Trust me, I've learned this from experience! :-)
Congrads Gary! How do your friends at Web 2.0 Expo get a copy of your new book?
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal.- Pamela Vaull Starr
If you want to check it out, just go to our twitter profile and you can stream songs and vids from the link in the bio!
If we can call ourselves Great Britain, I think it's ok to rename your country The Awesome States of America.
": I only check my voicemail to get rid of the little icon on the screen" LOL ME TO
#BBI know your numbers or face your ruin.
we play at CCA at 7:30 Tuesday night. hopefully I'll see you there!
Just watched a rando in sweats tell 3 consecutive girls at whole foods that he's a "producer". Really Hollywood? Is today cliche day?
Also teaches breakdancing at JOMDC. It's an intro level class at our Bethesda studio.
sure did(: it was kinda hard though, because of austins socks and shoes!
My awesome friend Tory Thompson surprised me with Rick Ross/Busta Rhymes tickets for my bday!!! I'll check back in when I see his beard!
It is indeed their loss. I have to believe it means something better is in store for you.
have the best time! love you! ❤✨
I will be! I'll be hanging up signage and fun stuff like that.
rain rain rain coffee coffee coffee
J'adore Montreal!
that should work
These routine plays are turning into circus time for the #Brewers. Stop it.
Tony is a 5 year old girl
after a quiet week, crazy neighbor is playing music so loud I can't hear what I was listening to, at least it is the middle of the afternoon
today better be nice!
I have your ticket, just call me when you want me to come give it to you. I'm in
Religion is a burden, Jesus is the love that lifts that burden.
I've barely caught any music at SXSW, but it's been cool meeting everyone that knows me through the web. Lots of great folks out there!
Saw comments on $2.01 coffee; writing about Starbucks. Want to chat? Please send phone # or email me at
If eating 2 nights in a row at is wrong, I don't wanna be right :) Bones Brew & Ribs anyone?
Also, huge thanks to everyone that came out this weekend. Pics and video to be shared soon!
We just confirmed some SWEET door prizes ! Kindles, Window Phones, gift cards, oh my!
Seven Cannot Seriously Be Dead! That Sht Cray... I'm Sad As Hell Lowkeyy :(
Damm my sister wakes me up early & makes breakfast. I wanna go back to sleep before work. -.-
That awkward moment when there's empty Ketchup Chip bags all around my desk..
Perfect, except same time as my session... bummer. Happy to see it on deck this year tho, so will spread the word.
Omg i can't.I can't.
I just LOVE Sunset magazine. So many great ideas! I'm in my element!
I'm sitting in the Florida sun and sweating like Michael J Fox's barber.
RT you're nasty
Great day to be outside!!
Thanks for coming out tonight, #vegas! We may be cleaning up, but the night is still young. Where you off to next?
has a fucking stalker chick :o -__-
yes, hope we can afford to lose Peprah.
Same woman now complaining about ugliness of Crocs and Uggs, while praising velour track suits as awesome
Fuck what u heard bitch I'll fuck ya fuckin brains out, and make you wash your boyfriends sheets to get the stains out.
can you do some facts about niall? xx
Don't go too far in that comparison....coaching change at IA and the Big Ten allowed a waiver in that case.
Tom+Gary's Dynamic Dance Party Delivery Service STARTING LOCATION FOR THE AUSTIN DDP IS UNDER SOUTH SIDE OF 1ST STREET BRIDGE AT 7:00 SHARP
Another family movie night. The dogs got to choose the movie this time.
Do I get his prize for following?
can't wait to see your TEDxRaleigh talk. let us know where it will be streaming
Welcome. Enjoy.
feeling like a super nerd as I use this long weekend to read up on meta-analysis
absolutely love your tweets! Can I get a shout out :)
None of that will get u close to this
If people know you, they know you are not the type of person to say things like that.
Dr. Phyllis Martin: we have to provide leadership opportunities for our children so they can change the status quo.
Damn you and your ways.
I dont hate you because you're fat, you're fat because I hate you.
I wonder if I can justify last night's Pariah/Young Adult double feature as an exploration of the forms of third wave feminism.
not an error but he couldn't even charge and barehanded a Pedroia slow roller.
Can you rewind and perform that live show again? Because that shit was amazing.
Goals determine what you're going to be. -Julius Erving
Watch the booze. Besides making you dance on tables, it allows you to eat bad things!
Only would do this...RT i bought a ryan ross guitar pick off ebay even though my mom said no....
Thankful that God has blessed me with another Beautiful Day.
close but u still LOST again lol, try back again tomorrow...
Thank u very much!! Ill try the lavendar next time I get one. Ive had em since I was 8 so ill try pretty much anything at this
Can't help it, I have a degree in being argumentative (philosophy).
Merp ill work twice as hard I guess... I want to work to
#oomf is weak AF but I don't think she know it cause she a trustee hoe
The bounty hunters assemble. Discuss the area and check equipment.
Love today, forget yesterday and believe in a better tomorrow.
Just enjoyed a free 10-minute massage thanks to !
RT : Something I say all the time just said: Are you going to be really good at a few channels or bad at many?
when you drink excessively, just don't get behind the wheel. Period. And if you've gotten a OWI, hopefully the point has hit home!
I will never thank my mother but always say thanks to my lord and saviour jean bennaboo
Call your dr. cuz you're getting gingervitis
Hebrews 13:16 But to do good and to communicate forget not: for with such sacrifices God is well pleased.
He's in jail too! I think there was a "shares names with real athlete crackdown". The case is in court...!
Pinpoint focus + detailed execution - meaningless distractions = Progress.
Who sent the flowers? =o
I'd rather have Price and Ethier right now.
who wants to come to bw3 with me?
hey babe
I'm watching my daughter and two friends build a trap for leprechauns. Some good Louisiana girls right there. If it moves, trap it.
You and me both!
Back at Churchill Downs after driving around lost in Louisville for a time. Now, ready for opening night.
Beyonce, you don't know what you do to me girl!
We're the new nostalgic. we're here to ear fuck you with sound. And we're fucking back, fuckers.
What do you do for summer fun? How do you keep the kids happy and occupied??
- just ask yourself: what is the specific purpose of the scene and how can every word get me there?!!!
And I have already lost my first #SBXLVI bet...had under 94 seconds for the anthem and it came in at 94.59 :-(
where can I find a 3XL Chicago Bears Jersey in Chicago? Today is my dads birthday!!
Remeber to ask about our Oregon Zoo or OMSI packages next time you visit Vancouver.
What up world 2012 takeover who's comin wit me
He hasnt walked on water...yet
Sawdust Symphony tomorrow night at VIA! Show's at 7:30. All ages. No cover. Get down here for some amazing gypsy jazz!
misses when I could just walk back to my room and change. Hope no one notices I'm not wearing green today. Irish name = free pass?
your giants need to win so can #getgronkd!t Go pats!
seriously #Tampax? holy Shit. your Spotify ad is terrible: "It's hard to be a female artist... you know, cauz you get your period." Use
#peoplealways forget to help those who need it most :[
Just two days until the Open Days! If you're not joining us, you can follow us on Facebook - we'll be posting updates, pictures and videos.
Work is fun today
Morning. Coffee is on.
#RoccaBar #pre Halloween bash ` Fridays SAINTS & SINNERS #BLACK&WHITE PARTY, BDAY BASH.
haha we're telling secrets!! RT : when someone says DM it usually doesnt turn out good.
Nice to meet you, too, Britt!
Embrace the vino RT : I spilled wine on my laptop. Now the delete key sticks. So I find myself more accepting of whatever I...
Ignorance is bliss..
got your card for tomorrow! X
HEY! CAN U GIVE US INFO FOR THE NYC MEET AND GREET?!
At Costco the day before #Thanksgiving. Here's hoping I'll get crushed by a 50-lb roll of toilet paper and be put out of my misery.
Congrats!! RT : Big change to announce! I'm joining 's Digital Comm team at as Digital Content Strategist.
we've all missed your twitter parties =)
you can't even ride it anymore...
and why don't you two restructure yalls contracts so y'all can keep NOVACK and maybe get some other pieces?
OH: Hey there's a station call the Joint. 4.20FM
History project due May 11th? Why not start May 10th?
haha did you show her the picture of him with the glasses?
PERFECT. Have so much fun, give Peterson my love, and I hope you have a Joyce Carol Oates Experience!!
Dog park!
i will talk talk talk 2 u
I know it's a little late, but nontheless Happy Pig Day everybody.
woo woo! hopefully no "hurricane" ruins it.
Nba playoffs! #ilovethisgame go spurs nuggets Grizz thunder heat sizers pacers boston lol go knicks too I guess
tweaking some #holiday graphics backgrounds.
Hurray! RT : Just gave one of my editors a quick lesson on Storify. I wouldn't have known anything about it without
I really need to clean my office. It's small, and any clutter at all looks overly messy
Happy New Years!
Go to the real hood and you'd get your ass kicked
Good Luck on starting your #HCG round! :) Happy losing! RT Surprised that these hcg drops don't have a taste to them.
Left ear feels like it has water in it. Everything sounds muffled. Time to mix......
Which era would you prefer to live in?
to be fair, does that account for workforce that doesn't apply for jobs any more because they're exhausted from finding nothing?
Still searching for a Screamer! Please spread the word <3
yehh you already know.
Do I need to send some sandbags up to the citizens of Kentucky to stop the Ohio River flooding?
Snooki tonight Say what you want, but can you shut a club down? We will reach capacity tonight! Will u be inside?
<that's sexy!
great, now everybody on Twitter knows that I don't FourSquare, will I ever live through this shame?
Engaging as partners is hugely important, we agree. Thanks for the feedback.
There's a firepit, lake and bars nearby. Count me in.
#shoutout thanks for the #follow! Have a great day :-)
Jim Tressel. Thanks for having such generous contests! Makes the work week interesting!
Something just made me feel a type of way.
Enjoyed talking about Technology, Placemaking & #OpenGov at the OpenGov class at UIC last night! Thanks for the opportunity
Visit my Passions by K Facebook website!! Thank you and have a wonderful day!
#ChicagonistaLive & are always looking for best places + events to attend and cover. They welcome hot tips and suggestions!
Yall Can Have Eachother Ill Find Better One Of These Days!
You're silly. I appreciate it though.
Dear Red Sox, The world is back to normal and you're terrible (especially you Ortiz), CHYEAH!
I am " THE KING OF ENTERTAINMENT ! "
You love your life. How should you not? I hate it, because I'll never be anything for you.
If my mama would hurry up since she insisted on coming to the gym with me then I could go get my nails done
Plans for tomorrow hm
it's her fault though
More About Solvent Attack on Plastic - Products Finishing Magazine
im sure all of your followers do!
yep. So what's up?
U worried about ur follower u need to get your dollars up
Afterward, Gloria said to her that it was necessary to love silence, but before you could love silence you had to have noise.
Announcing a Financial Crimes Unit! I just got wood!
good.looking
lol...no joke...but loved the rant....hope u feel a little better!
Well, I will just have to eat some for you! Our volunteers are super excellent bakers! Have a great weekend!
LOVE this show. Not happy with Jessy leaving @ all. HE IS "THE VOICE" and they all know it!!!
Having dinner with Mom at her house.
Try this out
#RIPPhilipOkapa <3333333 you will always be in my prayers <3
why should we pay you if you are going to be assholes about customer service?
If anyone out there has ever purchased an umbrella that doesn't snap instantly and actually works, we are awaiting your calls.
Lmao. Friends just learned what a "bottle rat" is.
Haven't been to work in a really long time
PimPs Always UP
and i dont mind that line of thinking, but soc.media not the issue
I need some of those pics from last week.
The more I think about Vince running the offense, the more I like Fitz.
Delighted to have won 2 Koa Hammers @ #koaanvils - 1 4 speech writing another 4 op-ed designed to help bring Honolulu Symphony back to life.
what's with the new title?
Please do - thanks for responding!
just made my debut on Big Freedia's reality show AH!!! super excited now off to Jimmy Kimmel for sound check. So excited
The 4square Badge of Courage
I wish there was an app for finding out the boys phone number in the car next to you...
Nice meeting you today Jeff
She is a DIRECTIONER. FOLLOW HER NOW NOW NOW
“: RT if you're the one who always does all of the work when doing a group project in class.” yeah every time... 😒
#TenAttractivePeopleIFollow too bad he doesn't follow me back...
Got caught up in politics, still the same old drama, back to writing.
Basically the same, but my sisters and cousin woke me up, and they keep arguing!! Over stupid stuff, not fun! lol
Indians playing a little bit of catch-up in the 6th inning with a 5runs in so far . Fukudome at the plate with 2 outs.
. upselling Econ Plus seats to Premier Silver members bites. That was the biggest perk. Now I have no incentive to fly United.
yes, there is a chapter in Philly and a brand new chapter for specific regions in Pennsylvania.
I really need to stop texting people to makeout when I'm drunk. There's gonna be a day when 5 diff dudes show up at my house at 3 am.
And theres no way I can pay ya bak but,my plan is to showya that I understand you are appreciated
Hate wen ppl txt jus cause they have none else to do! Like bitch don't txt me now! Usually wen o txt yu, I get no reply!
2 NFL play off games, Clippers-Lakers showdown, heaven for the American husband
Salsa tonight and every FRIDAY NIGHT! El CopaCabana Nightclub (4100 Central Ave) #ABQ #NM! Live Band & DJ! HAVANA NIGHTS!
I don't watch that shit all like that. I seen the ones on Netflix tho
Are you a condo owner? Is your association on the FHA- or VA-Approved lists? It should be if you wish to attract a larger buyer population.
Saw the second #GIJoe film trailer, Bruce Willis at the end was hilarious!
Good friends - hard to find, good to have, infinitely more reliable than SEPTA.
I went on an interview today and I was asked if I would enjoy working from 7 am - 7 pm Mon - Fri?? #GetFoundQuick Got Lost Fast :) NOTHX!!
nice twit pic cute face :)!
I'm stuck on level 7!
My back seat sucks
lmao why u say that
Final got 600 followers
I Just Want to take trips all around the world That's All I Really Wanna Do
glad you had such a good time! ;)
I wanna go to Panera Bread and try their chicken noodle soup <3 I bet it's really good stuff
RT : I do but I'm assuming this is another Bri < yea nah another one. lol
Everyone get Dirty Work trending world wide. The world needs to know about this amazingness. ;)
A real winning attitude is about standards of excellence...Being the best u can b-& doing the best u can-are the constants. -Mike Krzyzewski
Snow + ice+ no fault insurance =
ask sam I twated him
homieee it's been 4everr I'm srry I've been without my phone and shit for a hot min!! Holla at me I got it now :)
I almost didn't go because my hair looked so good. I just finished a 8.97 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Yes, with her contract with , I'm sure that she'll be able to continue to afford the nicest shoes.
Doing nothing but relaxing for the rest of the day with
Day didnt go as planed but its all gud things never do hmu
YES! TIE GAME! LET'S WIN THIS!
hellzyah! wish you were in Balto for MD Film Fest trivia/happy hour!
He's my hero.
really can't imagine this year being almost over.
Ways to piss of neighbors: become a drummer, then also download obnoxiously loud dubstep.
congrats on your #MIPA2012 awards! More to come, I'm sure.
I'm so sorry about that! If you contact our cust. service, we'll get it taken care of ASAP! /888.717.6257
Tune in to PTL today to watch Sarah Marince perform! Local celeb gone national!
You were gnarly last night on Teen Wolf can't wait till season 2! (:
That's what I try to do. Keep showing off that beautiful smile of yours.
thank you so much!!
I can't help the fact that I love NUTELLA and OREOS....never tried it together...
You meant JFK, not LGA, right? LGA has short runways and thus few big trans-Atlantic planes route through there.
jeans will do, right?
I'm happy they're passing just wish my little Air could run them faster.
Anyone at FSU taking an online class???
i'm awesome bro, at home now but all good. I'm always horny when I get home!!
Really enjoyed the History Channel Pickers TV show last night! It was fun to watch Daniel locate the various treasures!
97X... BAAAAAAM. The future of rock n roll
thanks for the prayers!
I''ll call you this weekend...
thanks Musical Mom! a few TweetHearts didn't show up until now...keep up the inspiration!
I love you more than anything tyler sheppard <3
Indeed. Some might call you a carpetbagger.
good,im fuckin happy for you :)
is watching the Twilight Series. Again. #Tweens #Twilight :-)
The Seven Venue in Columbus dawggs
Every square inch of this plane is occupied. Every.
omg. I LOVE your hair <3 ! That's the exact color i want it! How'd you get it like that ? :)
Hi Trisha- Happy Friday- Have a great weekend my friend!
Would you like to nominate an outstanding volunteer for their service in Charlotte County? Click here for a nod for a Joanie Award:...
We r in DC next week to support a T bill that puts people to work, keeps us moving, and lays groundwork for decades of prosperity.
The opportunity for doing mischief is found a hundred times a day, and of doing good once in a year.
Water to ass time
Thanks for the follow Jeff! Check out this quick jazz clip.
We need your snail mail addy to send you your prize! Email us at editor Thanks!
omg I had a bone scan too and I had a fracture in my right tibia so now im in an air cast :(
The Voice: week 2 highlights: Catch up on the second week of blind auditions on BBC One's The Voice
thx i will
RuPaul is a basic cable television genius.
Erin on #WMTW said "You only live once" this morning -__-
gotta lose 12 pounds but my mom keeps buying yummy food D;
wondering if this cyclist rocking bib shorts suspenders over his jersey is trying to make a fashion statement or suffering a brain injury.
Thanks for your help, John! Trying to reach as many people as possible. Hope you'll take part in 2012! Thanks again.
Rangers win the Cup and then complained I see your side but its not...got it now? The SIDJUATION is different. Get a clue.
that's a nope
should follow his own toenail!!! & of course(:
Professor Wife got her official tenure letter today. She can now phone it in for the rest of her career.
Vigorous physical activity reduces the risk of colorectal cancer in both men and women.
That moment when your twitter unfollows Justin. Bitch, are you trying me?
Everyone needs to check out my children my brides new full length it's awesome !
Wee today is my last show for the weekend #BitterSweet :) ): ... Cant wait till April 7th
I'm not sure I read that much into it. Usually in season moves like this announced by front office w/GM quotes in press release.
The NLRB's report also reminds employees that mere griping about their jobs via social media may not be enough to be protected activity
As a Lutheran university, we celebrate the season of Advent. Stay tuned for advent messages throughout the month.
Sunday Fun-Day Sache!!!!!!! Walk in wearing your shades and get 10% off (even if your not hungover)!
is decorating the Christmas tree with the family. It's that time of the year, already.
More like a realist. Lombardi just said game over too. #packers RT : Guess not. RT : i guess your not a fan
I would recommend the Denver Beer Company Incredible Pedal IPA to you, but I seem to have had one of the last few extant pints.
Hi girl! TX 4 mention
Just saw a Jelly Fish with about a 10' tail or what ever they call. That's why I don't swim in the ocean.
Thanks Amanda :-) cc
It's National Walking Day! Join us at the World Trade Center @ noon for a kick-off event & walk along the waterfront.
Where is everyone headed for dinner tonight?
Red Bull Zero is almost hard to comprehend. No carbs or sugar yet still tastes decent. Next up in news: leprechauns do exist....
That's no suprise
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary
I love
Preparing a good show today but my youngest wont be on stage. She is feeling sick. Next week will be her time to hit the stage again.
i love how gave a spot-on definition and stole the segment by coining the term "rupologize".
today is the day i do my taxes! *look of determination
I miss my boobear a whole lot! :(
All that I've learned, I've forgotten. The little I still know, I've guessed.
yeah more than one brian from kiss that kicked your ass every session of AIR
I couldn't get through a whole episode. I didn't get it. Lol
": & if nothing happens you drink to make something happen."
you are so talented. i love midnight red. you should follow me :)
Why don't w have such amazing architecture? Stan.hvd andgeeks
Life gets wild but you stay up
This is IGNANT!!!!!!
whoa! When did you get traded or free agent? Your gonna be huge dude!
Realest bitches of #BGC8 were and
Just wanna get this over with.
Walk away and out of my life and out of my heart!
Norfolk State, Lehigh Lead Memorable Day of Upsets
My son just pointed out that I'm balder than my father is. And he's right.
And congrats to the most awesome #googleartproject for the #webby - so happy for the hard-working team!
. Did you stop by? How was it?
I love 1D! Talented guys I would love to work or tour with!
B. The big executives are still members of the club.
i have a file named designersruinjokes.txt that I add to regularly
Thx, its been a very fun Friday!
nah I'm not a bulls hater they're a good team and yes Lakers all day night morning noon evening lol
apple cider kcups = solid purchase
"Coke(acola), man that shit's week. Get some espresso...some real man caffeine." - 's priceless study advice to Jonathan Clark.
