they are. but only if you like me. otherwise, you're fired.
juliiee text me
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 94
Off to start training at Public Outreach.
Quickly becoming one of my favorite times of the week
#oomf was on Skype last night licking his fingers then rubbing his nipples lmfao 😂
circle a shape ha ha
Awww yeah...SAXAppeal on the air now! Georgetownradio.com, click "Listen Live"
imagine me and you, I do...... not
I wanna stay up all night doing nothing with Luly.
: I'm in for a tweetup at
Bottle of red and ready to rumble. Heading to Miss for some fine dining and a likely dance break.
I love sarees your so beautiful
that's awesome! Did he drop the stick first or was that a double 3 goggle while holding a lax stick (skills)
Saw u @ House of Blues in Hollywood, CA back in 2000, a Black Elvis Christmas. rocked wit u. That was the shit.
We're looking forward to the summer solstice next week. The Sun #Tarot means higher awareness. It enters Cancer, the Chariot, perfect drive.
U say ur not gonna fight cuz no one will fight for u
RT : “#MarchforBabies walks are a slam dunk event for anyone who wants to help give babies a healthy start,” said Shaq....
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection. -Buddha
++++»always has great tweets
Heyy are you doing the Stickam chats in Sundays?!
Great run... but the pit stop? :( RT Excellent 6.5-mi run, complete w/ pit stop behind undisclosed tree along river
haha! Down I've never been on a Thursday. Should prove most enticing.
We love your profile pic! Stop by our booth and grab one of our Mobile Tag buttons. (We're in the technology section booth #911)
Psycho is a pretty good Mothers Day movie. To me.
Excited for tomorrow! :)
believe in yourself and there will come a day when everyone else will have no choice but to believe with you. -Annalisa :p
RT : Free comedy show & pizza tonight at 9 w/ Sean Donnelly, Calise Hawkins, Matt Wayne, Chris Lamberth & More!
A man period? It's when like.. when you're being an asshole it's just an excuse to be an asshole.
I appreciate the passion. I got your message. Hopefully this is something we can do in the future. More tweets won't help:)
thank you sweetheart♥♥
well kevin at least she cares
Answer Your Phone While Skiing With These Neva Ski Poles [VIDEO]
ooh excellent, I'll be on later.
Disgusted the horrid accusations now look like they're true. #Dupedbybetrayal RT : you are impressed with denial? odd.
I heard it was your birthday. Hope it was a good one. Keep on keepin' on!
Anytime you want to talk ...
Isn't it amazing how the right music will relax your muscles and ease your tension
If your tired of doing the same shhh every day then change it dont sit back and wait.....
ShoutOut to you should follow her ! :)
Glad to hear it!
What a way to blow it
totally looking forward to next fir.
“Fuck them is what I say, I hate those e-books. They can not be the future… they may well be… I will be dead, I won’t give a shit!” - Sendak
"ORDINARY people are used to make EXTRAORDINARY differences." ~ S.M.W. ...Let YOUR PURPOSE be CLEAR... it is YOUR DAY... it is YOUR YEAR. ;)
I love how many Syracuse fans are still talking about the Wisconsin game.
and to top off a horrible flight, they got the golf clubs, but lost my clothes... hopefully i can fit in my bros suit for cousins wedding!
thx for the follow....
GET WELL SOON MAMA I LOVE YOU
m.... i have brownies waiting for me at home. now that you mention it, i might need to stop for some ice cream :)
so I've decided that I need to start tweeting again. regularly. I think my faithful 15 followers are getting sad haha!
Hi Sammi, we're glad you enjoyed your meal with us! Follow us for special Twitter/Facebook deals! (you can tell your friends too;) )
Craving #siracha on a Hawaiian pizza.
thank you so much! I need positive energy right now
Lust fades, so you'd better be with someone who can stand you.
Nothing much, final year of school :) have a son now, so nothing much! wbu?
Certified in Public Health (CPH) exam approaching rather quickly! Study or wing it?
I've heard good things about it...I've been to P.F.Chang but not Peter Chang.
all mines lol
Quantify it in relation to 225m and legend status.
Maybe I should wear dress shirts and ties more often.
America, time to cut thru the BS and get People back to work. I will any candidate how in the housing market. Americans can work now.
Taxonomy Division accomplishing great things after only nine months!
Law&Order SVU
The last 20 seconds of Happy Endings just made me laugh so hard!!!!!
hey community! How's STEP working for everyone? I keep getting timeout errors :/
“: This is the time of year I start debating whether sleep is more important than the playoffs. #NBAPlayoff #MFFL” Nuggets!
I'm all for Santa but lets not forget he was trespassing. With intent of B/E
Okay, I have decided that I am going to see both Think Like a Man and The Avengers this weekend.
Its snowing and its only october
I will when my arm is better
Hugo's hwy 100 Franklin. Jakob's Pub is in the lower level. Used to enjoy the place.
are you still playing golf??
<--- Beyond LIVID
bullshit news always seems to find me. glad im kickin it with all the homies tonight.. smh
merry christmas too :]
why arent ya'll following ??....... I'LL GIVE YOU GUYS A SHOUTOUT TO MY 913 FOLLOWERS!! TELL ME WHEN YOU FOLLOWED HIM!
Nice to see that the #Caps goal horn sounds just as terrible on television as it does in person!
ee2 is able to demonstrate better perf than existing core ee, api surface area has been quite the debate.
Raven from that's so Raven is lesbian???!!! WTFFFF
Hug a random librarian. Buy them a drink. Tell them that their tweets inspire you.
Nor should you have - flawed logic! Boo, Advocate. The only 'mos in SLC are Mormons
#ToriandDean will patsy stay till Hattie is 1or will u stay longer
NO SPOILERS. But we can talk it out offline.
I feel like I'd be sketched out being next to Lady Gaga. She's so creepy
": If you could have but one thing in life in endless amounts, besides money, what would you want?" - Honest, caring human beings.
Wine = Sleep.
Oldie but goldie! Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
For our next podcast, and I discuss marketing (good movies marketed poorly & bad movies marketed well). Any suggestions?
i need a true RIDE OR DIE... fam. wont even ef wit a nigga
I'm starting to get used to my new healthy lifestyle! The first couple months killed me! Lol. Now, not to bad! Peace
Can't wait for #drwho series 6. Finally coming around to the 11th doctor and Amy Pond is growing on me. April 23rd cant come fast enough!!
on another bright note, the #yankees are winning :)
We thank Deborah Richmond for bringing to GulfCoast students the wisdom of the Jewish Foundation for the Righteous. Her students r fortunate
just watcher ur guys battle - wow brought chills to me and tears to my eyes. Wonderful
Worked today. Working tomorrow. Apparently, my neighbors are PISSED. Wait. Ok. It's cool. They aren't pissed about my work schedule.
if you lie to others u also lie to yourself... just be real
1 day i'm going to be a millionare. The Lord didn't call me to be busted and broke. nope not I..maybe you
& Jewish Volunteer Connection became #OpOliver's newest volunteer groups today.
Campaign fun! Phonebanking this evening @ 5p & our MEGA-WALK Saturday @ 1030a. Join us & bring real representation to Irving! 2912 MacArthur
Create a WOW!
not me :'( but maybe some day you will come to Canada ;)
I Laugh In The Face of Nutritions
that's what I'm hearing.
Having one child makes you a parent...having two makes you a referee. TIE YOUR TUBES!!!
haha oh yea;)
I'm a bit disturbed by my attraction to Tommy Hilfiger menswear.
Long day at work... I need a drink
"I can't decide where to preorder from"
wow, has a lot of energy, especially for a Vegas morning
running on a treadmill >>> running on the road. Especially when it is 90+ outside
BEST TWEET EVER FWD: : 10 I love u and care 4 u and u do the same 4 me
Never thought I would say this but I need some shopping advice.
You are your thought...think with caution
Everything is edible, some things are only edible once
the walters has started publishing exhibition histories for 5,000 art objects. people look, interested, sometimes buy...
North Ga Stamped Concrete We Do Patios Pool Decks Driveways Etc Give Us A Call www.ConcreteGeorgia.com Thanks
Thanks for the CRE weekly!
RT : Republican state Sen Pam Galloway reportedly plans to resign from the Senate today.
Haha, I think I've given out 3. Does anyone even #Bump anymore either?
Midnight. Jeez time flies. Goodnight!
Actually your account is active and has been since that day. Did you try to log in?
I think you're intentionally coming while we are gone. you should stay an extra week and just hang out.
MusicalStop.com The one stop shop for All Indie Artists! !!!!!
I am thinking of starting a blog with my translations of ancient Greek and Roman smut. Talk me out of it.
Bahahaha. That would be funnier if it wasn't true....
ALL FANS SHOULD HAVE SIGNATURE :) we can do that! ^^
Juries in a bit
WI Scholars rally late to beat Milw. Young Legends at Chicago Spring Classic. Homestead's LaMonte Bearden played very well.
Every thinks tht they should be perfect for a guy; but all of us girls r perfect inside & out</3
This day couldnt get any worse can it ?
I'm bout to stop claiming Memphis I'm changing my name to Bartlett ten Ken
are you hehe and same here babes I will come next week though we having a few drinks and am I sleeping next Friday babes x
Princess ladyfriend playing a last min show @ Merchant Cafe in Pioneer Square Saturday night! We's gonna tear it up!!!
Shid Was Good G!
And yes Im talking to you bruh! U bold enough to say u the best, I have something to say about that. Yup!
Thx! RT: Osher Center at UCSF opens, giving alternative medicine a new home
cool. So wat are u doing?
Remember your College ID tonight. No IDs + No Free Chicken = No Fun!
want another speed rack? We have one that we don't use. $75.
if a bra is called a "over the shoulder boulder holder" then is men boxers called" under the butt nut hut" ? Lol
LOL so true. Im a big fan of Spike Lee's movies. Do The Right Thing is my favorite. He also did Tales from The Hood
RT "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" is over. Don't confuse w/Obama's economic policy-"Don't Ask, I Don't Want To Talk About It."
your mom isn't bad!
I had a dream last night that I was sitting behind Malkins parents at the Pens game. I dont know what that means really...
Im about to make some
Random Pet Peeve of the day: People who use two spaces after a period.
Hey, where you at today?
lol what? I wouldnt doubt it, but id love a link to toss around twitter :>
The rest of the field is determined by the NCAA's objective Pairwise rankings system and sent regional sites
I love 'Take Care' by and !
enjoy your reviews-got the HTC Vivid..i cant see the display outside in daylight.glare.skyrocker better? opinion btwn the 2?
Mountaineer love in section 18, row S, seat 5!
Going to my dads office #boringashell but then goin to applestore.. bye guys need to buy some things
AIRBORNE ALL THE WAY!!!
In this case, ecclesiastical parishes pre-1837.
The princess walked in just to take more attention, 'cause after all, well isn't that all that I've been after?
I Need Sleep.
Okay, I've already lost money on Facebook.
Thanks! Pretty pumped!
Alternating weekends between New York and Chicago. Gotta love summertime.
its a good job not many people from other countries dont see the munters on kyle if they did we wudnt have a tourist industry
We are located at the 215 & Tropicana exit, across from Walmart shopping center.
Ik they say mahomies dont hate on anyone, but if u say Im not a mahomie cus I hate on the haters then ur wrong, I'd take a bullet 4 Austin..
Very interesting day already...never a dull moment around here
Happy Hour from 4-6pm! Enjoy 1/2 Price wine, beer & sushi! Happy Friday!
Man ... SMH ... I can remember when folks wanted power ... Sayin What they would do when they got it ... Well Guess what ... SMH ...
Just watched In time!! Really good movie!!! Is so hot!!!!! :D
Sorry about that. See you next week!
Celebrating Daddy's bday at the #SaltLick with , friends and family!
Im 0 for 2 on romances with fobs. Bout to get benched back down to the minors
in the archival community this type of incident is known as "benevolent data loss". like when (thank god) the Smashmouth masters were lost
I love You!!
Wow... Some of those pot-heads had really elaborate signs, they must have had their coke-head friends help make them!
ok so has everyone seen the #Avengers by now??
First softball game! #leggoo (;
What's up there Butter nuts? RT : Hey there fruitcake, what's going on with the podcast?
We're here w/ & learning about the Spring 2012 Partnership for Parks grant program!
How Much I Work This Week <<<<<<< BUT The Money I'm Gonna Make :))
Universe, you've been swell. Really, just the bees knees.
oh no po! Sit and down with a bucket of kfc and some dave chapelle
Sounds fun
My shit better get in today or imma be so pissed. I've been looking forward for this merch all week!
RIGHT!? First round on me :-)
Thanks for following my twitter. Let's help make that positive change!
Thats not how we do that missy , lol we keep it professional
me to
#FF Lets have some fun today. Happy Friday
Please Follow
Digging through a competitive review of HD video cam manufacturers. Amazing to see the wasted marcomm dollars.
I was bout to tweet something but I forgot what it was just that quick smh
Staying in touch with my ratchet side
well, maybe a bit less now that I'm up. Where are you headed?
I miss the bourbon at Bourbon House! I mean, crab fingers...Yeah. That's what I meant.
Congrats to Gill Warner (Tulsa office) who closed 2 Walgreens totaling $11.5M last week!
Nah, i'm in LA for a few days before tour starts. Be back in July! “: ur home? Lets hang out soon!”
#1982 #humblebeginnings #firstdaze RT : This house will be a home shortly; awaiting
New salon on N person st appears to be thriving. Like 15 smiling ppl in there - looks like a tv ad or something.
#AmexZappos Finally bought myself some boots. Feels silly in 75 degrees but I know I'll need them eventually :)
Followed up by "Let It Be" ... God dammit ... Pandora is toying with me
#UFC TONIGHT WHOOP!
Did you know that...Washington, DC has the nation's highest percentage of residents with college degrees???
Success isn't measured by money!!!!
Haha, we wish. This is still all just wishful thinking. We're not ready for one just yet.
Long day at work, can't wait to go to sleep. working on some new edits(dj's stay posted)
yes, that's quite mythical
not sure, but he wins again today
We are open for dinner! if Uncle Gus ate all the burgers, come have the pizza and salad buffet!!!
Don't ask me a question, then have a go at me because you don't like my answer, prick.
Bingo is about to start -- new folks are here and lots of room for more people!
so tired but not sleeping till you choose :-)
Disrespect.. Tho a matter of perception... Is so very ugly. And it hurts
thanks for noticing me! <3 im like screaming ahaha, omg i love you so much<3 (:
Why I love my Blackberry
I'm not sure if it's just me, but the interwebs seem sloooooooowwwwwww today. Anyone else?
why not?
keepcalmanddream I hope you like because that is pretty much all I reblog!!
Moyer's going to be taken out soon, his retirement home has a curfew of 9
Sox Game Day: Going for sweep at Seattle
Call me!!
Power outage in Mission Hills/Hillcrest. Earliest possible will be back on is 6:30. If ur planning 2 come in tweet us 2 confirm we're open
Have a great weekend everyone!;-)
Thanks! Will do!
You own my heart, He's just renting <3
I wanna be a baseball mom when I'm older. ❤💙⚾
Having an all vegan lunch!
haha that was funny! Chop chop chop da squid! :) <3 u
See you in a half hour?
Can not wait to brave the storm for first full rehearsal!
listen to
No time to walk the
Trekking back home...
because theres a difference from being a mahomie and supportihng austin, and just plain be psycho about it.
CinemaCon: First Look at Ang Lee&#39;s Life of Pi
Colo Avs falling behind the below .500 NY Isles... Not good...
ha!! thats how roll sometimes!! :-)
And I'm evilly glared at again.....
Great to meet you at #rethinkmusic !
haha... that is so true and sad.. i was in that situacion...lol
Halverson: NCLB emphasizes low risk solutions
Here at work we have King Cake straight from New Orleans
she just added an "E" to the name.
Ty David ur the only one who cares!!!!!!!
Join us today for our next ft. Lisa Snyder (UCLA) who works with 3D architectural modeling. 2PM Arch Rm 1111 (HT )
Wish you and Jess could be celebrating St Paddy's day this weekend in Chicago with me and , hope you are doing well!
My driving record was tarnished last week so to meet my crush I was thinking of just hitting his car...I'm full of amazing ideas. KEEPER!!!
In Burlington, Vermont for #nelaconf11 - looking forward to it
Apologies to Rufus Thomas, I just had to ban you from my Last.fm playlist. I think there was about a 1/4 chance Rufus would kick it off.
The Other One>Spanish Jam
Wow, thank you. This made my day!
had delicious FrozenWaffle FrenchToast for breakfast = Yum!
+1 RT : "you should think about me say a prayer for me"
yes -- very close. No wonder it felt bigger than a 3.3 Kiddo slept through it but the dogs were shaken awake.
Ah cant wait for friday!!! 3 more days !!:)#BingoPlayers!!!
i know. i felt it. dont cry...its not a bad thing..it simply means i miss you
is safe! Yes❤
We almost gave up! But we are back, number 11 here we come cc:
My brain is fried and has left for the day. I have nothing left.
Woman just said to me, in a voice that would've done Squidward proud, "Have an amazing day." I think she really meant it.
pretty is what you are.beauty is what you do with it.
Oh when?!? We'll be there twice this month! :-) No doll, still in Seattle. I'll be making a trip down to LA very soon. :) xo
go like our page :)) then we can be BFF's
did you get the cal listing I emailed you for #SEMpdx local search event with David Mihm slated for Oct. 12?
Yeah, I said some things in anger. My bad. It doesn't make it any less true. Run tell that!
ROFL at me man im funny
lol! Nah, just venting a bit. I'm straight!
hahahaha right????? He's such a clown. I say clown cause clowns fuckin suck. Fuck clowns.. fuck bill o'reilly too.
Erp this is a horrible day! But i get to see sophia today!:)
Yeah! A rush came in for Nike due tomorrow. Still not done!
#Positiviity-Life is a railroad track-good & bad at the same time-great girlfriend wkend at #BigCedar followed by Dad's hospital admission.
- check your salad. It may be bugged. Sorry...that was so bad!
RT ICYM: Richmond's Fourth Circuit Is Stage For Next "Lawfare" Battle Against Military And National Security Officials.
Hey buddy...where are you?
I know there's no slide at HoHoKam, but Where you at ? Haven't seen you anywhere.
Seriously just heard a guy say "I know London inside & out, and if yiu like #Guinness, go to London."
Spend no more than 2.5 times your income on a home. For a down payment, it's best to come up with at least 20%.
It's been a good day. Welcome to all our new followers. And thank you to everyone helping us build this into something special.
I'm bout to change my name to 2roseries
Wishing you a world of peace and happiness now and throughout all the seasons of the coming New Year!...
Most definitely! Subfields prob. have more variance between years as well. Glad that history is on an upswing though.
We don't like to choose - there are so many great ones through history&more to come, we're sure. We'd love to hear ur list!
actually they are great! After a day or so they broke in, didn't need the inserts at all
Local 19 wishes everyone a safe and happy New Year!
#nwpam11 if you hang out at #nwp long enough, you can work with anyone.
chi town goodmornin
please support unemployment compensation for victims of domestic violence it could save a life
Mrs. White is calling Tyler G's mom in class hahaha
I think I need to do the same today. Been putting it off for way too long.
watched #sharktank for the first time tonight! Loved It!
I'm not going anywhere. Well, crazy. But that's it.
im so pissed. thanm steve had to tell me off like he always freaking does -__-I am so angry i just want to cry. tech hates me
Trebek looks so coquettish on the Jeopardy! Online Test wait screen. Just gonna type my phone number in for every answer
Shout out to the #NACUA members who woke up for a morning running tour of SF!
I wonder if uofm's whinny ass #occupy the bigten movement is happy now that Gholston has suspended?
Happy Hour has started! Stop in and enjoy a refreshing drink, Mike or Shannon will be sure to take excellent care of you!
I think dimples may be my kryptonite
looking forward to another sat night service with the moto family!
Whatever. Fuck it
I DON'T MAKE POEMS !!!!
I didnt know about it!
hanging out about to go smoke at my cousin house, you?
I love people
Attorney Bus Dev: Become a trusted advisor. Clients want to know you feel their pain and care about their problems and concerns.-JW
on surface it looks like a paradox, but a badly managed, badly funded (TIF) site can exist next to thriving one.
Michal Roszival once again proving that he can take a shot, but still never take a shot.
maybe the earth can throw you a bone soon and erupt somewhere. Hopefully.
Nomore luv. Nomore pain. Nomore drama. I am tired of trying. From now on. It is all about me & God. Becus 2day has been a true wake up call
Yo why can't Maine South play home football playoff games?
“: I didn't want to let go either.
,no baby i love you
I miss the pit crew.
“All journeys have secret destinations of which the traveler is unaware.” — Martin Buber
JAZAKALLAHU KHAYRAN This is a statement of thanks and appreciation to be said to the person who does a favor
yes sir
#FF to the most beautiful woman on Monday night television - ( comes in a close second - most beautiful faux-femme)
guess that means you have to get the Galaxy then. #IceCreamSandwich and all!
Merry, Merry, Christmas and a happy holidays to all of you from us!!!
I got a couple artists I wanna work wit that havent been out in a min for whatever reason... not gone say names but thats my aim
best lunch i've had in a long while. mostly because i just got to sit with my husband and we talked. no interruptions.
If you ain't feeling my rap, I can just be like mute spitta.
Getting ready to video tape a comedian tonight. This should be a lot of fun. Hopefully no jokes about the awesome camera guy. Haha
If a guy tells you he is different, he is just like all the others. If he really is different, he'll show you, not tell you.
Just saw Hugo, keep an eye out for the Ben Kingsley kid, I think he'll go places.
Writing a stupid story for English...
Your avatar is how I picture you looking every time some one says something wrong about Priest mechanics.
what's goody homie
you settled into the ranch?
Sounds fun! Enjoy!!
Lying on my bed thinking of all the good times we had together
Too young for a legacy
Richards I love you
Cringe 3 & 4 creepy guy from Lonely Island and ensuing scene
Dinner > chest hair
Now I know what my next read is going to be; sounds like this could be a go-to resource for history bloggers.
Customer Appreciation Sale tonight from 5-8! Come in for great deals on bike before the weather breaks! Hope to see everyone there!
10-handed = cramped & tight for the players. Smaller pots/tips for the dealers. And a slower game/less rake for the casino.
Someone needs to create a basketball gym w/ a humidifier. Bball courts suck ur lips & hands dry. I bet 9 of 10 coaches carry chapstick.
If you've been through alot of hardship, it's because God is preparing you for something great!
since when does music have an expiration date? :x
If peyton were to sign with Denver I would buy a jersey the next day
Speaking 5 different languages for me confuses my english.
Thanks RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY
It was a barr poppin party.
Right now on the TJMS: Jacque Reid goes "Inside Her Story"
“: 38% of college students can't go more than 10 minutes without checking their smartphone.." What about 26 yr olds bored at work?
Never has U.S. seen such explosive growth of seniors than now. What will #SDMayor candidates do to prepare our region?
Hmm the single life isn't bad but having him is so much better
the template is incorrect, but yes, we're accepting sans serif - problem resolved. thanks!
happy birthday sweetie! Are you having a good day?? :)
YOU WENT TO FANTABULOSO ?!
I'm such an old man. Just had my first Skype session with someone tonight.
Joe Buck? No thanks. Radio for sure.
Hoping Brandon Couto impresses #Jaguars in OTA's enough to catch on with another team after Scobee returns. Good kid
I kind of miss being in a relationship.... Having someone to love, cuddle with, laugh with, && stay up all night caking with.
another tweet test
Platelet Adhesion and Aggregation
Headed to airport in PAP, amazing time here, but ready to get home to the rest of team Moore!
Come on Lakers
Laura Saggers live at Hotel Angeleno night was a complete success!! SO happy! bring on the next one
Today started at 3:30am....when will it end?
literally will start any minute
Everybody follow hes all about family and $$$
#break!!! #np SO Fresh ,SO Clean
Splitting up, in business or a partnership doesn't mean giving away your power.
cars 2 is excellent
Fool me today and I'll fool your face
Lost your home in the Central Texas #Wildfires or know someone who did? Let us help, receive 50% OFF License Fees. www.danze-davis.com
Bring it on 2012- I'm ready for some good times!
We in the same picture, but we all got different poses.. -lil wayne, holla ;-&#41;
4) Niall taught me that it's okay to be different and to laugh at everything.
hows your birthday going ? :)
I feel compelled to keep watching the montage I put together today and it makes me cry every time... I guess that's a good sign.
I want ice cream more than you could possibly imagine right now.
When I picked my son up from lifting, he informed he just had an autopsy, lol. I guess I don't have to feed him dinner tonight.
oops!! Real smoky in there too.
No beer?
thanks so much bro!
Don't you fuck around about Hobbits! I'll kill your ass!
I Slept in until noon....
I was reading a fanfic bout him and on my notification got twitter pop up..so press,straight away BBomb tweet.
I CAN'T HEAR YOU. 😒
A competition to be the only one who gets your attention? I'll pass
Lms For A Too Keep It Real & RATE . . . #BallinHardButNeverPlayedASport . .
Im not a fan of a lot of Tyler Perry movies, but anything Madea is hella funny!
No problem, we can do an ebook or just put it in the mail. Drop a line to that email and we'll send whatever you prefer
Great Job tweeting on the graduation TM!
Favorite song-of-the-week: Stereo Love by Edward Maya (extended version only) - heard it in Budapest over and over, took forever to find.
They're lucky that you're around.
Less than a hour till its game time. Let's do this shit #jayhawks and show the world we ready to take over. Get wild
Fantastic job last night with and and all the #OksanaG cast. We did some great work these 2 weeks.
What freaking retard would put actual contacts made out of diamonds?!!!
A crash involving a service truck and the trailer it was pulling has snarled traffic along Cincinnati Road near Northern Elementary...
love the #EMLife hash. Good to see you today.
Going to the Y
I don't see why everybody wants a white iPhone. Everyone knows the black one runs faster. #joking lol
new favorite band: Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros. Listen to "40 Day Dream" This shit is raw.
Quack Stew... sounds good.
so who gonna step up and be minnys number 1? harvin?
Happy Mother's Day!!!!!!
Fellow b-school early birds: who's started #bootycamp already? What's your favorite Aha! moment so far?
The Purpose of Spectacular Wealth, According to a Spectacularly Wealthy Guy
: Will do!
thank you! It is being worn by Bella Heathcote (Dark Shadows actress) In this months InStyle Magazine. Thank you again!!
6 degrees of separation is now 4 degrees due to Facebook!
Ughh there's this one girl at my new job who doesn't like me :(
sometimes a happy dance is in order.
in lieu of flowers, please pass healthcare.
Lf# As a child Derrick Rose used 2 practice his free throws...his coach said he must stop shooting from the other teams line
thank you for the prayers.
Gotta big day tomorrow hope it go well it time for a change happy day are coming again Ben having a hard time latelybutikitbettertimecoming.
couldn't be better ;)
I just want to get over being sick!!!
happy day to u, lady!
NOMEANSNO. That's right.
I'm getting a little bit stronger.
A3 Superstar or not, constant drama, etc. will hurt marketability for Dwight...BUT I would still take him on my fav team!
I hate repinning wedding dresses from people who are actually engaged.
Heading to the office today to fine tune the business plan, and finish the new business checklist that seems to be a mile long. Also a for…
Over 11,000 + fans before the release of the film... keep'em coming!
Oooohh that's exciting! good luck with all that!!
Nana shouldn't leave Zayne with me. I'm gonna make this kid have diabetes.
Respect my grind is almost done
b ok without knowing You don't always have to have the answer. If you don't know something, admit it, and then take the time to find out.
14 Pro Football Hall of Famers say that Dad should be in the with them :) Wonderful!!!!!!!!!
We wish you and your family a very Happy Holiday! We hope you're enjoying a day of family, friends, and fun.
it was so lovely hanging out! I love you. Thank you so much. <3!
I swear its not one thing its another with this stupid ass car
FUN! RT : RT to win the #liveonkomo grand prize: stay at , tickets for and a "swinked" package from
Great day designing Beat Well icons for the brand. Website will start being coded tonight!
You should tell !
Hey Josh, my brother, Anand, lives in Eugene. Is it a good place for tea?
is this the start of your long form Joaquin Phoenix performance art?
Congratulations to my #UBTHD family on their fierce graduation. Future Tony winners. All of you.
My great aunt just thought my dog dexter was named tuxedo?????
tell me about it.. Ily2 ;)
My mom can buy shit for Erin but never for me.
2nd dude already on. $350 minimum bid.
No invitation? Ok.
Football!!!! oh sunday what a beautiful day you are!
Graduation is SO close! Can you believe it?! These next few weeks are gonna be the most emotional weeks of our lives! ='( We love you all! ♥
Friend of the year
Steve Jobs originally denied he was the father of his first child, Lisa Brennan-Jobs.
PUT ME ON HIM
did you seriously just use yolo?? SERIOUSLY. wow.
PBS KIDS GO! Web Series Oh Noah! Offers New Videos And Games
It was heLL hugn on my momma from a jail cell -2Pac #Based on a true story
we need a country music Jesus to come and save us all
yeah they do I have four of them
Campbell County Republican Mass Meeting April 19,2012 Offical Call | Advancing True Conservatism in Campbell County Virginia...
Foolishness! Why no one prosecuted by Feds for robo signing? Bunk!!
Did the ref say "Allstate Super Bowl"?
Eric Ruijssenar's lecture on surgeon Abraham Staats of Rennselaerswijck is about to begin.
aww im sorry who ever did that to u!:(
not entirely bro
I like Brooke's dress today but the jacket is overkill~
thanks! What you sow is what you reap.
Weed love it, not a drug. Wedd is not a drug, it is medication.
Have a wonderful adventure on the Road to Hana!
did someone say featured? Lol I want to be featured!
Obviously I did ;)
CHEESECAKE FACTORY
Great design thread RT“: We're live tweeting tonights Generate panel discussion. Stay tuned for some tweets.”
Thanks for the RTs
Man those Doritos tacos are great!
I wanna get shocked like Powder. Imma stand in the rain
Am I the only one that finds it wacky that the iPad simulator's chrome doesn't look like the iPad itself?
I am not so good at getting DM's hit me up on an instant messenger: yahoo= AIM=dochollywould
Hi Ami, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Not one Council of State candidate responded to my tweet yesterday (that you RT'd). So much for fighting for every vote.
On the day were born we all start to grow old.
Ok good. I think the breaking point was not even mentioning TVotR or Radiohead in their best albums of 2011 discussion.
": Soccer nerds, please stop me in all of your soccer nerd talk." I do believe u started so u deserve what you get
How good are you at detecting lies? What clues do you look for?
The Current Analysis #EC12 Wrapup - Farooq Muzaffar, Verizon Building Value with the connected enterprise.
Sitting with Heather in English... We were watching To Kill A Mockingbird who!
Since he didn't specify marriage as being one white man to one white woman, he was a liberal to the audience. (2/2)
We have an awesome bluegrass band in studio today... Join us on 9News until 9am.
oops meant another Liz, but hope you're having a fun night too! :)
you've been throttled. AT&T sucks ass.
Have u wacthed x factor usa?
RT : By 2013, there will be 140 connected devices per person on earth.
Married to the game rock a chain instead of wedding rings
spirals for the win
The Matchbox 20 Pandora station is the best work/daytime station. Don't judge me until you've tried it.
Are there any librarians from Vatican City in the group?
Gotta get up and drop my car in all this rain. Enterprise, you better be one time with my rental so I can go back to bed.
I love my ibeats headphones, but not when I'm eating chips! Talk about eardrum blowout!!
I have 3 finals in one day...AWESOME *in my sarcastic voice*
[We live. We learn. We grow] Some people find fault like there is a reward for it. -Zig Ziglar
Harvy Dent, the new Dodgers closer.
Never lose control of an irate customer at your #startup. Design 3 resolutions, have them pick 1. They get choice and you maintain control.
What are your ideas for job creation in #SF? Tell us w the hashtag
I am planning this semester for UST Web Dev. course. Your #semanticweb talk was a hit last year, care to do another?
Hahaa! . Yup! XP
now if i know it's a stray from the goal and still chose to do it, i should know that Love wins! love always wins!
Wow Kirk Herbstreit usually has a fake looking tan but today it screams Syracuse
what's wrong, baby?
Girlz who are ready even when they #dont get ready >>>>>>>>> ohh and >
let's talk.
but I think someone might have been!
A herb seed burnt me drop my L spotted through my perifial this nigga tryna murda me v
awww I can't make it :-( but my friend Lisa has entered :-)
Wonderful opening keynote about the license to lead
i need a coffee iv.
hey, man. Thanks for following.
Just getn done with the studio 9hrs
Out at my favorite Iocal Italian restaurant for MD. Yumm! Waiting on dessert.
nelson-type y'all are the best
Welcome to uh twitter look out for the Whale ;)
Ariel stop I'm gonna get you back just wait ! Blake don't listen to her she just gettin me back (:
Good luck tomorrow, my sweet little pumpkins. 🐹
White people drive so stiff
Can I move 2 CA & go on the road w/u? The Twitter Cousins? I can carry a tune. UB the pretty talented 1 & I'll b the funny 1
22,253 Votes Total in less than one week! are leading with 12,140 and creeping up with 10,212 votes!
Have a gr8 one & enjoy! RT : I'll be teaching my first Intro in Engineering class in about an hour. Wish me well.
“: Got that dub in the first round! Got Sheridan next round. #cantbestopped” 🙌🙏🙌🙏
i was born to be a BELIEBER
i text u wen i woke up and before i went to sleep ...BOTH YA'LL !! and what did you say?? o...ok thats why ya'll 2 wack lol
We enjoyed having your perspective as well as those of the other scholarship winners.
yum! My mom loves making these!!
I expect a call'
nahh I'm playing
Nashville has a pulse. Not dead yet
Thanks so Much!!stay dry & safe this weekend!!
- now Dante, we all know is allergic to cats!
RT : #eLearning Global Giveback Competition - What a cool thing! Great for grad students to build resume.
Look for my session summary later today on htt:\\www.lorisatter.com
i'll msg it to you! Hope you had a great weekend:)
Appalled re: Daniel Choi's story on the Moth.
nice! Say hi to all the girls!!
I will hate it if one of these days I will tell my biggest dreams goodbye!!!........
Is it a door closing or a much better one opening?
It's Steve Justice I just e mailed Chuck and Max concerning your book you r writing. Cheers. Sorry it took so long
follow me
is thankful Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman-Shultz won the battle against breast cancer. Thank God for her many successes.
im going this summer we all need to go. like seriously!(:
“It’s True…You “Can’t Go Home Again.” …Something About the Rent…
This isn't much better than the smell of #coffee as soon as I walk in the office in the morning. Lovin' life!
About to tweet one of my verses don't steal my shit without me knowing.
Happy Valentines day to you Jessica. Hope all is well.
And meet him too!
Happy Birthday to my inspiration and love of my life, Brandi! I bet she'll get a kick out of some neat surprises later. :)
just bought a nice chess set
I had a lot of tweets to go through and just tweeted without reading them! I saw them after!
What was the best #golf #gift you every received at the #holidays?
aww!! how sweet! that's a pretty big commitment though!
This smoothie tastes like Earth
i was so scared to do it, but i officially have (short!) bangs
Do you know that you can shop for perfume and colognes directly on the facebook fan page www.facebook.com/perfumeseven ?
wtf? I got no notification of this tweet. How about 6:30pm tomorrow? Or lunch?
Apparently I need to practice counting more often. My word count is much higher than I thought. Good thing.
you already know. and "extraordinaire" is not an exaggeration.
thanks bro
45 degrees and raining in Lex, saw both parents in jeans and jackets, 2 kids in shorts and short sleeves....
let me rephrase... maybe we just came up with the name of the EP. HA!
are you guys releasing a new cd any time soon!?
I remember watching it all the time as a kid. I'd go running around with my shirt half off, flexing and rawring.
you ok bestfriend.
#Patriots yes I hate the other team that much. Do what you gatta do Tom!
May 26th, free show at the TCC. STAY POSI
a good friend of mine, Brad Spoolstra, is a mgr at Defender and said he'd introduce himself at your next engagement there.
OMG!! CANT WAIT TO SEE U HERE IN LAREDO TX!!! SO EXCITED!! XD
Clarity is the counterbalance of profound thoughts. Luc de Clapiers
love it! so pretty :)
hahhaha you tweeted the fake Louis :)
We'll message you on Facebook.
Shared models forge collaborative creativity and fire innovation.
You set off fireworks in my heart<3
Girl you know you got me gone
you know I am (;
running into people in the hallway
Lots of buzz for tonight! Who is going?
copyright fail v. succeed misses point - it's a means towards an end "To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts,"
Catching the rest of "The Walking Dead", Then too sleep land I go..
Today I will see #Chimpanzee! That is all...thanks.
Health is Wealth. I teach People to Make Money and Have good Health. Call me Today. 1-888-920-7848
I got side-tracked with the reckoning numbers. But, soon, I will be expounding upon the reasons as to possibly why the Maya disbanded.
TSA announced that sex toys r now able 2 be packed in carry on, but travelers must remove from bags like a laptop 2 show batteries are out
Living the life of a broke girl... Paying with exact change
Loathed the sentimentality (stripping the novel's satire), & the whole 'Jenny must die for her sins' part.
Double coin weekend is nice, but can you fix the kickoff glitch?
i love this book(:
Thank you for the follow. Delighted to follow back! Saludos
Woke up on the couch just in time for school :-)
Jonas Brothers leaving Disney
I'm pretty sure if you get to school at 7:30 and it takes 12 minutes to enter the parking lot. THE NEW POLICY IS NOT WORKING.
syllabus syllabus syllabus silhouette silhouette silhouette oh oh oh oh
Steam cleaning 15 year old carpet in a heavy traffic area is like putting lipstick on a pig the pig is still ugly. Call me, the professiona
I'm gonna lay here until 7:30.
Follow and RETWEET your friends! Wessssttttttt!
Yep sometimes reporters make up words... Its alright no1 except the whole city is listening...
The tickets go on sale to the public in just a few hours! Who else is trying to be there wearing red and gold war paint?!
Why yes, my boyfriend is a professional ultimate frisbee player.
Every Ranchero music video looks like some cowboys that found some instruments and decided not to dual and play music instead.
Hanging w the girls
Thanks for the coverage and feedback. We're looking into the bugs you mentioned.
One of the reasons I love being a librarian is how we all help each other out when needed.
My girlfriend goes while folding all my laundry.. "all of this stuff you don't wear you should donate." .... Hahahahahahahahahaha
Mom's getting her nails done and I just got my eyebrows waxed!
Some Peoples Children!! SMH
have a lovely night tonight!
I think I wanna bring LMFAO to Chicago and do a flash mob... That would be #epic!
Today is Pi or π day! π is the symbol for the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter. Have a slice of PIE to celebrate!
Have great trips!
Who says you're NOT beautiful?
#Ihateitwhen people say FML... you should love your life
I drink to your “drinking a bit”.
You all our the best followers in the world!
thank you :)
hey ms allen it's me how are you?
Tonight CSO season finale, w piano phenomenon Lang Lang - C U there!
The Metrowest Colonials are proud to welcome Dan Larouch and Joe Ferrara to the Colonial Family! Welcome Home!
what did u think about Dj solo new joint ??
I can't ever spell the sounds I make ... Damn man ..
reading and thinking about THE DISREPUTABLE HISTORY OF FRANKIE LANDAU-BANKS -- recent printz honor book
Got 6pgs in the #writingsprint. How'd you do?
wass poppin player everybody safe from the show tell sis i said wass good it time to pop this shit off IRS IRS SOUTH MOBBIN
Good start fins! Beds is crazy good
Movie Time!!..
It's *so* good! I want to go see them at a festival in Montreal in August... You should meet me there! :)
Has anyone read the R.A. Dickey book? Any good?
#BoyfriendBroketheRecord . oh my, im so proud <3 congrats biebs . you deserved it . #followme .
thanks a lot Bruno, I appreciate it!
Sweet Tweet RTs: keepn it real social networking. Retweet that what its all about anyway share don't be stingy!
look at you! lol you nd malik were too funny!! :D
Where are you located?
Its decent marcus on his way up here too
#FREESHOTS Get a free shot of espresso in your drink today!
Blithe Field and art history make a focused evening
Kickin back watching Madeas Family Reunion again, and eating some frozen yogurt. Yeah I'm a live wire lately! ;) Enjoy the weekend everyone!
Take Flight While The Weather Is Beautiful! 6 East River Piers 212.9676464
lmao your to funny
“The dress must follow the body of a woman, not the body following the shape of the dress.” ~ Hubert de Givenchy
“: your husband cost us the game.”. You're a tool.
no sir. Picked them up out in LA while I was on Vacay
Awesome bro thanks! #digdeep with whatever workout you have today!!
i need you to weight lifting at lunch or before school. I know u can do it!
ill think about it
Miami-Dade County is run by a strong mayor who runs the government along with several deputy mayors.
“ I love proven mfs wrong...especially when they think they're so smart too...”
I think imma post a video of me singing today
limejellous: RT : #sla2009 In Oregon and missed the SLA Conf. in DC? You're in luck ORSLA's hosting a recap dinner on 6/30! http: ...
Im one of kind dats y most of my exes say im hard to forget
No one here at the car wash. Everyone's afraid of rain!
Beautiful isn't it?
another $1000 and I will shave my head.
“: "Gulf Widens Between U.S. and an Increasingly Hostile Karzai" Now can we leave #Afghanistan ?”. Fuck em let's bring em home!!
The Regents aint so bad you know
GOD BLESS AMERICA -- Bobcat Goldthwait's new one-note comedy that showcases a ton of dogmatic rants, the best of which is about JUNO.
Don't forget to change your clocks 2nite. It's "Fall Back" time again! And good luck to everyone running the NYC Marathon tomorrow.
Does one's cock grow with age (similar to ears & nose)? I measured my dick on a whim tonight. Turns out I'm 8 and not 7. Weird.
Happy Monday all! Any heart healthy events happen over the weekend that you would like to share?
Wow. Can you please not type on this account. Insults are not wanted here. Please. I'm asking you nicely. Thank you.
The film typifies why I'm proud to be apart of and their commitment to putting an edible garden in every school.
Hitting on someone seems like a jerky thing to do. "I know you're doing your thing, but I thought you'd rather be talking to me."
please note at least & I are not in the same room while tweeting together. ~ There's a joke in there somewhere.
The long raincoat+sandals look is never flattering, but it's what we have to do in order to get Chinese food.
": I watch it like every morning!! :)" and everynight. Lol.
Confirmation today. Thinking of my Aunt Janet.
Good job Browns....landed a horse!
Kinda just witnessed a small plane crash. Saw the explosion at least.
Pirates prospect is throwing No-hitters. So expect him to be abducted by aliens or something.
We took & made another Step of Progress in the Pre-Production of the BILL W. & DR. BOB play in Pittsburgh.
Melancholia and introspection, it must be November again!
Thanks for the follow! Would you consider doing a story on Me and my book The Vallie? Child Abuse Prevention month is now
A shout out to MY friend, be a friend and follow my friend!
no... I wish you could. But you woud wake me up anyways then <-Kelsey xoxo>
Dot Hill Innovation Protects Data from Shock and Vibration
Walking in or tweeting about our 22nd Annual AIDS Walk TODAY! If so, please use the following hashtag
Holiday Inn Ozone bar in Oakland is pretty damn packed
Thanks! I was wondering how to do this.
Consumers in Wisconsin are now protected from unwanted text spam under the No Call Law. Those registered for the no call list protected.
Congrats to our friends on their new additions on 3 African lion cubs!
So They pay $1,000,000 for commercials of starving kids, but they can't feed them ?
Hey, mom, the last 21 years weren't that hot; you didn't miss much.
Love the way mcdonalds make u feel
I'll post, Matt Hunter's random photo. Where's that phonee.. -___________-
Red wine compound can combat Alzheimer's: Pre-clinical and pilot clinical research studies suggest that resveratrol may prevent diabe...
thats good & ive been good just going to school in atl!
Can't believe I made it to Friday morning without spoiling : One World winner. Not surprised with the outcome.
The New iPad finally released, Apple fanatics, get your tents and folding chairs ready for the March 16th release
yes. absolutely! Who wouldn't love 20 versions of mac & cheese?!!!!
"Grace makes beauty out of ugly things." - U2's Bono Vox &
My score is 11. I improved it by 1 point over the past day! Thanks
I want this to trend for you Robert #TEAMTURQUOISE !!!!!!!
What is typical Jawanesse food. What is in it that smell bad?
Pres Clinton: I hope there will be more and more charter schools
thanks bro I think it will be a great fight
S/o "The only lawyer im calling is " Thanks home team
I am so not ready for hell week. I don't need anymore bruises.
The article is by Mark Galli, who also authored the textbook on Francis that we use in iConnect, our first-year class.
#SJSHARKS finally got it done.
I appologize for 's behavior, we just find you very attractive.
I should have asked my grade school teacher to get one of the guys from Teen Wolf to be my prom date since her son casted them!
I just know that we're meant to be together.
We Want Believe Tour Tickets ! I'm gonna be broke by the end of may but oh well yolo
yeah, it sucks. But I just don't want to move or sell my house... My parents divorce is for the best tho.
but how big was it? :)
Thanks for the follow!
Watching #wnfae, amazing Skullgirls play. Then I find out they're not putting the rest on stream? I might just close it.
I'm at Mohawk (912 Red River St, E 10th St, Austin) w/ 23 others.
Oh my God, the Komets and the K-Wings will be back in the same league. SHITSHOW. I WILL BE AT EVERY GAME.
Homecoming in 2 days!!
One more reason to love Lowes over Home Depot - my Bosch orbital sander was $10 less! That pays for a couple beers with my brother. :)
congrats to my boi skippyg n his 1st youtube contest ...google tv!
Memphis today, san diego next week.
S/o to for being so gawgeous. Follow her! :-)
The most exciting area of library & info science = the new! Digital humanities, data curation, librarians in unexpected tech roles!
Can tweet but can't text?
You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! People will notice!
forgot to charge my iphone ipad will have to do now
at your show at Up Comedy Club its not goin' to lick itself
So sit TF down
Fight night starts in a minute someone is getting knocked out!
Still trippin off the dude running an tripd kuz his pants fell
Complacency and laziness are why Americas in the toilet. Too much bullshittin and excuses not enough blue collar mentality...get it done
Von Erich's chase of NWA title drew lots of screaming teen girls. Very different crowd than Junkyard Dog drew.
Checking out the new version of Fancybox. One more thing to update with the PikaChoose redesign. Thanks for the great app
aww thanks same to you ;)
#90sproblems having to get off the internet so somebody can use the phone
I mean look at mine...
ill dance with you tonightt!!
It's a live show where, if chosen, I would get on stage and tell a story about motherhood in front of 300+ people. Am I crazy??
Kottaras showing some early muscle..playing well.. But no where to fit him in to ride out hot bat
Thawing out
Found it. Bed.
fill it up kid, you deserve it!!! So much
Talk about the worst injury u ever had.
text me
Great shooting today!!!
I hope folks at CBP enjoyed that flyover more than all the dogs in South Philly
I'll go check out your page now... You're at 894 - WOW!
Yep. It is the main feature of the second disc. And awesome, thanks for sharing the Chuck!
I've realized if I ever want to reach my goal of living by myself I should probably stop spending every cent traveling.
If they won't listen talk louder you are you're microphone turn the volume up
#HighShit RT i was planning on not waking and baking this morning but like,its routine. my point is im
Scottish shopkeepers report their worst December since at least 1999, according to the Scottish Retail Consortium.
Just bought 's new record! Sounding great! please support..I produced track 11 "Lost".....
I raise my kids better. I don't know you. RT : LMFAOO DON'T REJECT ME AS YOUR CHILD BITCH! I will stabb you! Lol
packing for Miami :) next 10 days in sunny flooded Miami... lol
I'm talking about Europe...
Acer 10.1-Inch Onyx Blue Netbook & an Unlocked Blackberry Storm tonight!
Scarlet Moon by Debbie Viguie: Little Red Riding Hood Grows Up
Thank you to the always wonderful Kelsey Carmody for the awesome job she did on my hair/make up!
Great catching up over lunch today, let's touch base again soon.
can you tweet justin bieber and tell him to follow me ?
congrats Tim
yeah no kidding man
My mind has nothing on it but you
me too. Stomach flu for Christmas. Humbug!
Good Morning to my fellow Twitsters  Nasty outside. Have a Blessed Day. @  listening to "Inside Acting" Podcast, Very Interesting.
well e-batch the plan is continue to work for the bucks. playoffs next year. mark my words.
I won my game! Literally! 46 shots & not 1 got past me! We won 5-0. Just thought you'd like to know since you were so excited!
If you don't want to Fuck wit me don't Fuck wit me then
gonna be up late
All Nighter With My Nigga And Some Girl We Just Met On OovoO ^__^
OK HOMies. December is Rocking already! We are getting the bass tracks done for the new songs and almost done. Let's finish the year strong!
Just woke up and I feel really good. :)
Doggie sweet kisses in the morning. Thanks Blaise!
I get the guy with the great haircut.
Sunday is food prep day in the McBrandt house. It saves us a lot of time during the busy week...how do you guys make eating well easier?
"Life's too short to listen to mediocre hip hop." - Hannah Levin on KEXP Street Sounds
This the first day of this week I didn't wake up feeling like shit :)
Gonna listen n enjoy this album hopefully.
You tweet, we answer.
Right I happy danced all thru the house . I ain't sad one bit lol
They say every time a glock rings, an angel gets his wings
Day 3 of #SKDMakeovers is underway! Photos coming soon!
Beltre sorta bit it on that grounder. Really enjoyed watching Elvis laughin at him while his glove covered his face.
In order words #tempus fugit :) and it can't be slowed down.
The woods is dark brown, Cardboard beaten under tires, After winter rain
#rva #chick # I think today is their Grand opening event.
You don't wanna know haha.
I want coffee and food right meow.
Unless it backfires and he comes to associate you with things he dislikes as much as Bowie.
seeking bass, lead, keys and female backups.
At my sisters about to get my eyebrows done home today, but back to work tomorrow at 6:30 am
Big night, you excited or nervous
creepo. careful not to be alone in the parking lot.
have a blessed one
Mayor Adams, Many thanks for the follow on Twitter.
Looking for an Asst job w/ a health coach or health counselor so I can start taking classes at #IIN Institute of Integrative Nutrition HELP!
Party for a Purpose! Over $100,000 raised tonight for SEI kids and family! #SEIPDX #WellsFargoHere+Now
Diss committee assembled! So far one told me to read more Tom McCarthy; one, more Lem; one, more PKD. Beginnings, beautiful friendships, etc
Stay TRUE to YOU....the Money will follow!
The Dark Night Rises = Inception 2 (minus Juno plus Morgan Freeman)
(•) (•) They miss you ahahahaha #justsaying love.
I know, but it *did* get me out of a bad mood. I'm still so amused by it
damn meat u done fucked da man pussy up
MAYSONET!!!! GRAND SLAM!!
I Wish Maddie Would Shut Up
Hahahaha I BOMBED the math section on my PSAT
Rio Hondo Community College
OMG your post today is AMAZING! I just tweeted about it! I had NO idea there were ALL these other services out there!
Did you know that Dumbfuckitis is contagious? I'm afraid to leave my house without a filter mask.
#webservius integration docs are online at www.webservius.com - any feedback would be appreciated, contact me for beta invite code
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. - Steve Jobs
Tonite we will be Bad Boy Bill... taking pics and an interview!
just for you! Pirate Face is back up! Thanks for letting us know your interest in it!
now bro.
tonight MSG will be like McKale
EP Release at the Triple Rock Nov 21st with Gloria, The Chasedown, The Fast Track, and Our Life Story! TELL ALL YOUR FRIENDS! =)
#PowerAlley w/: #Cubs & #Braves join us. Tee time: 10aET/7aPT
Bitch relax, Your relationship ended. Not your life.
That awkward moment when someone retweets you and you smile (:
Happy Birthday to Trunk Club! Come in and celebrate with a beer and try some clothes on!
If u want gov ppl to participate in ur event u will need to make it free, local, & outside of business hours.
that's not fair ):
that's all I need. Someone to be my wifes partner in crime. She seems to do pretty well on her own!
patience....pahahahaha!!! It's going to be a long 5 weeks of it....
Psh, women ; ) RT: The women are sitting in the kitchen gossiping about 'tacky wedding practices' I lit with the guys & watch soccer
Beer fairy I so love you
Congrats on the "NFL record that will never be broken" on top of the fantastic season!
Rediscover your ability to#feel. It will help your chattering #mind be quiet. #Depression isn't a feeling it is a defense against feelings
"State of emergency" framing (both state- & nationwide) shifts blame, allows leadership to avoid accountability for bad choices.
The curse of the Beckett-bino
3 minutes added time? Seems like Cech has wasted about 6 on his own.
Man, I've been sitting on 89 followers. Good thing tomorrow is friday :) *wink*wink*
RT Who wants my 1500 tweet(:
Varsity 2012 - 2013 i love my life
New favorite movie, Greenberg.
RT : : For high achievers, the finish line is a moving target. To stay fulfilled, enjoy the journey.
Oh yeah? Cool. :) The thing I like most is just that I can post the pics straight to Twitter and FB. Makes life easy!
Alex Radulov... long story but we drafted him and he played for us from 06-08 and then dipped back to Russia while still under
Sports heros in Boston are like crime fighters in in Gotham City. You either die a hero, or live long enough that your tee times get leaked.
have you seen prada's color block sandals?
Email a screenshot or photo of your online shopping cart on to for your chance to win! (2/2)
hahahaha and where does one find a motorized chair at that hour?
Merry Christmas to you too!!
Severe T-storm warning continues for Jefferson and Western Waukesha counties until 4:45. Hail/High winds still a threat.
Hey back at ya! That was awesome! :-)
They say we're mediocre. They say our fans suck. Don't care.... GO #HAWKS!
shoot me text Nicole please so I can set this up. 323.481.1161. Go Latalklive.com and check my previous shows. It's legit!
yeah I must admit to stealing it from your FB - I'm still so shocked by it!
So proud of you Austin!:')
Follow my baby She's beautiful. She Follows back.
If you have cold, MODERATE exercise with increased fluids can actually make you feel better. Don't exercise if you have a fever.
Thanks for the follow!!!!!!!
OMG they have girls in ABDC7 just like iconic boyz bringing so many memories crying inside because here with family
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook .VICTIMS: who only post about how 'EVERYONE'S their HATERS" &"ALL their FRIENDS are Evil" & "Life Sucks" #REALLY ?
Joan Didion on California: "You can't live here and not feel that an apocalyptic moment is imminent."
Maybe I thought wrong.
Another blog giveaway is in with works with you're going to love!
I wish I was the age I am now on the day I was born.
#thatdepressingmoment when you realize you have school Monday.
That was the best Live performance I've seen, including when I saw her in Va Beach, she is on FIYAH!
I can only imagine what it will be like for Vinny to see the boyz on ABDC again. Without him.
I would think most people that follow him & fans in general would find that information useful.
Impractical jokers>>>>>>>>>
The NX driver is taking a totally new route back to #OceanBeach today & I'm pretty sure there are no shocks on this bus.
oh I like your icon pic u look so cute lol
There's a place called 420 munchies open from 4:20-4:20! Someone take me the conversations and things I learn at work.
Life teaches us many things. One is to learn is how to be happy. We are born happy, but life gives us wounds and hurt to grow whole from.
so, so confusing....
rack city bitch, rack rack city bitch
Omg no D; lol I can always steal you another one boo!
wow! That's amazing
So NOW the refs see roughing the passer
I'm stackin my money muthafucka, You can stack them broke ass bitches if you want to. I only stack rich bitches who give me money
Even old people bump Adele with the windows down
Random!!! Belanova is at Plaza Bonita!?? Why am I not there!?
i like ALWAYS have nutella on mu face
I like Portuguese*-*
: About 50% of breakups now occur via text message.
Id rather watch baseball tonight than his show. 😳 okay that was a little to bold. but regardless he's a moron.
RE: dropped Hard Drive: HAHAHA you suck! I'll fix it for you! bring it over B. (all content is subject to search)
I have so many finals to do😱😱
If your happy and you kno it clap your hands :D *CLAP CLAP
good morning!! ;)
Horrible Bosses
“ “ A relationship with God is the best relationship you can have.””
Your call is very important to us. Please enjoy this 40 minute flute solo. ;)
9:27 left in the first. Delaware and Lindenwood still scoreless
FOLLOW ME
For today's #ecochallenge, I promised to use no paper. Promises + runny nose = need to change shirt. Happy Earth Week, Tweezies!
Absolutely priceless!!!! If we all had that faith, maybe we would never fear anything! :-)
Wanting to say it but not knowing if you feel the same
Wow. Iphone takes decent video. Just made a little movie from a birthday party. Easily, too.
Waking up in a bad mood, and hating everyone that talks to you
Twisting today at The Elks Club Wakefield, Ma. from 2:30-3:30 PM for Bridgewells Holiday Party
Snipper of the week Shannon Dohar! We chat her up about New York and the best summer movies...
I am not your boyfriend I am not going to get all the shit you're saying are care but I am your friends I am not going to let shit happen 2u
We're really close to 3,000 followers! Won't you help us get there today?! RT! Thanks!
I know pero no tenia $ ! LOL ! Dude I missed yuh at lunch these past 2 days /:
happy leap year hump day!!!
There are people with torches walking down 5th Avenue. #what is happening
Shouldn't the zambonis come out before overtime at the #Masters ?
Ghostland observatory playing a free show at ACL right now...get there now!
Muahahaha I beat ya to it! >:)
Im so sleepy !
Today has been one of the best blessed days of 2012 !!! #LettingThingsGo AMEN! !!!!!
CBS news van was at the Bay Area Games of the Special Olympics today. Watch for me & my class (all in blue!), just in case we're on.
Almost let the day go by without wishing you a happy T-trouble-free birthday with some extra points for cake
Come out 2nite -> #OrlandoaLive at #TheSocial 8pm - $5 cover - Live music, Art, & "care-give share" table !
I'm talking about game 2 as far as that 5 point thing, but the game still not over though
"wintry mix" is a qt way of saying the weather sucks today
Goodnight. I hope this rumor stops and Jake gets his fans back. Love ya
also wonder if IRS will have issues
We will be The Park Bar tomorrow for Bush's acoustic set at 12pm!
What techniques do you use to create time for songwriting?
It was so good to see Superstar Fitness Trainer Chris Powell and his beautiful family yesterday! We love it when they comes to visit. :)
it's Friday bitches ✌✌😄
ok im done with this 1;)
your set? No sure didn't... but i think you live pretty close to me, unless you were just in my area :) how are you?
Biggest panic of my life
We recommend Mandela's autobiography, "Long Walk to Freedom," which is one of our favorites.
haha some bitch hoarded all the ptv song titles as tumble usernames l o l
haha the sickest fuck I know.
It is a never ending thing, I unfollow all the time and then follow new people and then say who is this? unfollow! good luck
Dear Ronald, thanks for following!
Damn typo I mean him lol
yeah I wouldn't wish that on anyone. He doesn't get paid enough.
Public Art on the Street-ArtWalk 9/24 and 9/25. Express Your Art on canvas. Downtown Grand Haven. www.ghartwalk.com
Really starting to dislike my family at the moment.
"Dogs are outstanding!"
Also, my itunes account ot hacked.
Mashpee for the weekend! I had the itch for the Cape. Hope all is well!
#ancientgreek of the day - ἀνθρώπος αγράμματος, ξύλο απελέκητο. - An illiterate person is like an uncarved piece of wood."
Two very attractive boys just came to my door and asked if I needed yard work. SO CUTE!
oh nothing at all lol
that's what I'm saying! lol
There are two adults acting redic in the booth behind us. I'm ill
hey was a song some months back that chu mention was like a girl singing about sex or something with like 80's beats need a title
People talking about how they want love at 14, 15, 16, and 17. Baby live your life first and love will find you!
are you and in nyc?
New album (Blues at Alvas) has arrived! Official release will happen in September.
that's where you shop bro ?
Thanks for spreading the word!
Super excited to perform at Girl Next Door - A Pole Dance Soiree tomorrow!
I haven't seen you with purple hair yet.
We are!
Off to do sit-ups, push-ups, squats, and the like at boot camp. After a full day at Disney. Me, oh my!
I have such a craving for seafood
nice dude. temecula doesn't have enough music. are you going to be in town for the KOS screenings around July 10th/11th?
Wish I could sleep in just one day for 15 hours.
You are the greatest(:
Todays NFL games show that nothing is a given. Everything has to be earned. Rage are you ready to EARN your spot at the top?
I know they're gonna slam Trayvon for his tweets.. Look at this nigga twit pics
"#ManUp! When I was a child, I used to speak like a child ... But when I became a man ..." 1Cor 13:11" ~ Solomon
Cox Business implemented Xactly in 11 weeks, with 16 plans and 700 payees. Now up to 21 plans, 800 payees
On episode 3 of Girl/Girl Scene and I love Evan !!!!
Mo has a concussion.
The judge I work for saw my bracelet and asked if I was a monster. I am a #LittleMonster forever and always! I <3 GAGA
The technology is powerful enough to easily track four people simultaneously, providing the familiar multiplayer experience at its best.
Did you get to try the Spicy Bulleit? How did the event go?
Wow I thought he left twitter for good awhile back. I guess he just changed his name?
I use (Lol) way too much ..but fuck it though that's my homie
Twitter Tip Pt. 1: Want lots of followers to get your MSG out, keep your tweets like Hansel & Gretel's breadcrumb trail...
Space bar right!?!? Lol
Card fans just walked off A LOT of turkey pacing their living rooms
Seriously Myers?
You are too kind for the #FF! Have a great weekend missy!
yep. PCBs and R&B
is trying to say hello again. Four tweets... 0,1,0,1.
M fresh strawberry pie ..heaven.. Anna millers Oahu
If a kid isn't happy, what's the harm in him moving on? Better to stick around and be a cancer?
Dear Rachel Hubbard, Stop fucking spamming me.
Excited to be at The Summit
What a 2nd half! The Atlanta #Falcons outscore the Panthers 24-0 in the 2nd to win 31-23. Matt Ryan threw for 318 and 4 touchdowns!
I couldn't agree with you any more!! When can WE catch up?! :)
Back to work manana, I'm ready! Also Thur. Live at Ember, Anaheim, Friday Xalos, Anaheim...Sat. todavia no se?!?! Have a goodnight!
You don't not sign a free agent because you "plan to draft a QB." The draft doesn't always go as expected.
It was a great class! Glad you enjoyed it!
it must suck to be stupid too
Your life is an occasion. Rise to it. – Suzanne Weyn ~
Thanks to and others for coming out in suppor of the WV Young Dems!!
Tyler, The Creator
Lahskshskshd RT : Stay for tonight, if you want to.
"Peace is that brief glorious moment in history when everybody stands around reloading."
Yes like my site The Academic Support Link. Appreciate it. I also research and provide content to education sites.
Watching TV & find myself wondering - how many would like a Do Over on the whole "that Steve Urkel is HILARIOUS" opinion of, say, 20 yrs ago
yes! manic panic :)
aww thanks Gracie. Any new recipes yet?
goodlookin on the retweet, follow back.
It was an honor to have you there! Thanks for being part of the fun!
I've no doubt you're right. I've tried to ensure that supporting materials are as engaging as possible (format, content, etc.)
What yall doing ?
Working out... Sexy Monday...for you.
trying real hard to stay out of the candy today. it's SO hard.
fairly low on the funny scale.
I don't care what people say about this song. They use to jam to this shit. Admit it.Vanilla Ice - Ice Ice Baby: via
RT : You've been waiting for it and now it's here. 50% off racing all this weekend!
yea thanks bro
Oh, it's about to go down! Keep spreading the word and keep getting #stocked!!
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated. -Ernest Hemingway
DesandNate, you are the key to my heart.<3
hell yeah babeh
S/O to and see you all at The Virginia Event on March31st!
Thanks for the great feedback and response. I can't wait to connect with you next week
Can we all stop for a minute and bask in the irony of Bristol Palin telling us the importance of raising a child in a traditional family.
thts my area and don't worry bout that yu drive ?
You tlkin bout Mb right?
OK let me let you in on something... When I explode its like this Ima tell you how it is nah wait I won't IMA HIT YO ASS then i will hmmp.
I don't think I've been this tired in my life!
RT : Starting tomorrow, by popular demand, we'll be open until 9pm on Weds and Thursds. Thank you #bikeDC for the suggestions!
Comparative rhetorical analyses have included C. Aguilera & S. Gomez, Children of Men & The Road, Coke & Pepsi.
Of all people to sit near me on this bus it would be the fella who smells like soot. If you don't know what I mean sniff the sewers. Nasty!
Dude story of my life. Fucking awesome huh?
Watching Human Centipede! Its Like Fucking Nasty! This is the first movie that has made me puke and cry. Its Insane! #ScaredOutOfMyMind :(
Mentions on
