I surprised my mom and came home yesterday RT : I had no idea that my VCYCEC sister was here at Penn Ave
whats good homie why u aint add me as your friend man
Watching The Lost Boys on G4. Hecks yeah!
MY TIME COMES FIRST
Nice. RT : A corny grammar joke:
Practice - Allen Iverson.
Just got home, tired as a mofo
yes, ....yet has man created God because we believe we are unable to live by virtue alone, without a greater power?
Thank you Nancy!
RT : Our newest trendsetter, , shows the love and shares with us the tech products she can't live without:...
where u been all my life? where were you an hour ago?
Hey I would LOVE to win signed copy of One Direction Dare To Dream #iwantthe1Dbook :)
dont fret!! well be there tomorrow
Some days there won't be a song in your heart. Sing anyway. ~Emory Austin
UH falls in OT to UTEP 67-62. Simmons (Smiley HS) finished with 10 pts, 5 assists and Young (Yates) finished with 10 points and 7 boards.
ah the good life. RT sweet dreams! “: Heading to bed with my may issue of to dream of pretty spaces”
Great social networking presentation last night by . Next NKBA meeting will be in our showroom!
Could use a site like Wallwisher to keep up with questions. Embed on class website. Refer often.
kool, I&#39;m getting my sophomore year scheduleing on march 28
When there is a smile on your face,the world seems like a kinder place :)
Terrific site documenting #photos of yesteryear
Ready for this fourth quarter to start off.
Who loves the weekend? This guy! #heatison Anyone down at #Ultra? You gotta love
well , my life sucks , its now official .
heading to SECs duh
only 33hrs more until that flight to the vi
Happy Groundhog Day!
if the buzzer shot went in after bouncing on the floor does it count
Now feeling the "what's my name again?" effects of two back-to-back 15-hour work days.
Turns out my celebration tonight will involve a tow truck and a car that won't turn on. Excellent, exactly what I was hoping for.
This weekend is gonna hurt! BAD!
God Is Good
No strike out Alex
aww Avatar is on FX rn. this was my mom's first 3D movie.
Lost in the shuffle is the great block by Whithey
you wont! i crowd surfed 7 times and managed to find my brother 6/7 times when i went back.
...in this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world. John 16:33
The app for the iPad is nicer than the iPhone app, expanded post formatting is still needed.
The awkward moment when the theme of the short story you read for english is an exact lyric o_O
we are open now till 10pm tonight (maybe even later) ... PASSOVER SHOPPING IS HAPPENING NOW !!!
Yes! exactly! emotional, intuition given free rein. Ebell backs this with his canard, "people who DIG have less confirmation bias".
test scores r the product, students are the means of production.
I get it.
“: YES. Very. 😣 haha” you need to calm down and think about what you just did! LOL
I remember watching "The Last Waltz" with my dad when I was a kid. A life changer. #RIPlevon Hope you and Danko are jamming tonight.
My pleasure! Glad you had fun!! :)
is right, check it out!
#arthrites is #acting up.
hopefully that is not some euphemism to masturbating simon
RT : LoL. Um...gam...game...her...hero! I think we've got it now. You're a hero him!
If you hate laughing you should see New Year's Eve.
Today is just a lazy day ... Well all week has been .
you know how I gotta have my own
are you serious. Wow the guys are sexy as hell
yes good tip lol
Check out "Listener Complaint" audio. (Drunk guy goes off!) www.freekshowradio.com
When me and my mom fight over whose hair is softer>>>>
Play some make it wit chu by queens of the stone age. It's for my friend, he's lonely. And he's white.
Nice!!! what time?
-thanks for the retweet
“Everything happens for a reason. Every action has a reaction. Always remember that whats meant to be will always find a way to come about.”
i love youu(: and i cant wait for believe to come out! You worked so hard<3 can u please follow me?<3 .
Last weekend before Christmas! Is everyone done with their shopping?
Definitely! RT : A3) #GreenTips: Ample windows for natural light, add “auto” features (ex. lights, bath fans).
it was bro
Health professionals wanting to volunteer for #Joplin tornado relief, register at www.shomerelief.org.
that is so cute and i don't wanna burst your bubble but you used the wrong there.
RT : RT : Still on AIR, BRINGING YOU THE ABSOLUTE best in Gospel Music www.FreeDemRadio.com
Ofcoarse only for the people who barely tweet...
Still not sure what to get your Mom for mother's day??? How about a Roots Giftcard! Call now & ask about our giftcard bonus!
I'm in jeans and a hoodie today.
I am seriously addicted to
Loving it! has a 'summer hits of the 90s' station. Listening to K-Ci & JoJo
Why we even tried I haven't a clue, with hearts involved there's way too much to lose -
come to morristown
It's so hard to focus at work when the red sox are kickin the yankees ass (:
when you dont like a girl everything they say or do is offensive..."dang you see that tweet! joke wasnt even funny shes cocky!!"
RT : A #Taurus does not underestimate anyone. Because #Taurus treats everyone with equality.
Game of Thrones is now in iTunes—so I assume all those people who downloaded it illegally because said it was OK will go legit now.
yep, wet w giardiniera or sweets, but sausage option has to wait till next week. On sciortino's Italian loafs.
Jason is gtting better at having swag. He stands perfectly now with the hand thing like a gun pointing at the camera. Good job whittled bud
A fitness "expert" that doesn't use the ROM and is trying to critique it should always add "I have never used the ROM".
Adventure time is RAW
when is hitchcock of hip hop suppose to drom bro??
The world of abortion was changed when women sought out illegal abortions and DIED
- How did you do that?
of the nonstop cry fest?? Me too! I just know that when they show all of the bodies that I'm going to lose it
Damn i feel like shooting some craps >_<
I Heart You Cigars!!!!!
You make me smile :)
The back-and-forth between and over health care costs is why Twitter wins journalism.
new computer at work! new computer at work! new computer at work! so fast!
Harrison Center for the Arts: Downtown Dance party 1505 N. Delaware St. => Dance Party 6p.m. - 7p.m.
great now we will have to deal with the paparazzi!
#143143 Q-What is a better bromance? Minny or Nickey (Nick n Mikey)
nah, ALWAYS use condoms!
7-0 baby! Way to be boys! Tough win!
well welcome to the Twittersphere amiga! How you liking it so far? Let me know if you need any tips! *cough new avatar cough*
does anyone know what Judi, from the Bad Girls Club, twitter?
So I am going?
Do Madison speak Italian or Spanish
oh... Idk I was being sarcastic as if you'd been under a rock for the last week ;d
My birthday is March 3rd, so what are you all buying me?
u r so right and I am not he don't know how I really feel and he is still my friend on facebook
happy birthday :)
feel god :)
Oh, and meeting and hearing at Winter Jazz Fest 2012. Mind-blowing!
New polish and a new dress, just because. Thanks, mom.
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!! It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratch-delicious!
aw /: wow okay
Submitting my info for the local examiner.. :) Very exciting to be writing for them..on educational technology integration!
Moment of silence was an all-day event at home. Didn't speak a word. Not a single phone call, email, text or post until now.
Q2) A willingness to let us do our jobs. From what I have seen of my new team/org I'd say that is well on it's way.
THOSE WERE THE DAYS in seminar with orange face
is working on labor history websites from a cafe in Fremont.
Oh dang… to ebay I go. Why didn't I know about these when I was 12?
Originality lies in the origins of whence it came. Chás This...
i wanna shoot you video homie. what's your booking email?
Wow, The Fray sucking at this National Anthem
thank you for the invitation! It was great seeing you too. it was a pleasure meeting you.
#10thingsIFindAttractive 4. Blue or green eyes
Oh shit. Zak's drinking? That says something. OHFUUUUCK.
Today i saw a truck that i thought it said "AUSTIN MAHONE" but really it said "AUSTIN HOME" lol
Thanx! Good luck to you, too!
The cops have visited everyone on my street except for me. Its only a matter of time I guess
how's ur day been
I'm like 100 years late in twitter time, but I actually heard Eddie Ate Dynamite from my 78 year old student.
lol ur already mad at that kid?
so you're saying we should be single and have our "fun" pretty much?
These were all separate occasions, mind you. Now if only my mind would stop racing and I could sleep.
yeah you know what...that's not an excuse to straight ignore someone because "you know the process"
I don't know what this worlds gonna do but I know one thing that this is the life for me
Interesting question. RT Anyone ever wonder if MLK or Malcolm X were still alive today would they support #MarriageEquality?
I have been itching for something....band-aidy.
Definitely! checked it out this past friday. Will send you any stories if they get published and/or produced : )
Rotation is now updated, check the "Request" box for ur song. If U didn't make it, send more songs 4 me to choose.
well that is really dumb
I call shenanigans! RT : they would have stacy francis last
: Berny and I have developed: Knife possessed by grade school teacher who's possessed by serial killer. Title: Circle of Knife.
"This is when you're about to die..."... "ABOUT TO HIT THE SACK!" -
I'm not funny. I'm just really mean and people think I'm joking.
First amateur boxing session tonight
#ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana Critical Banana
Thanks for the shout!
Off to have some wine and oysters with James, Ashley and the rest of the Country Roads Magazine gang.
but in order for this non-industrial, cushion-supplied, book-filled heaven to be complete happiness, there MUST be coffee ;)
Awesome training today Civic Leadership Conference. Gained a whole lot of knowledge and wisdom. Kudos to CY training-OLI/MB.
My orange gingham one from them is my favorite & gets so much use. Moreso in back pocket of jeans than anything.
Ready for another beautiful day in #LA !
Josh berates #strippers and gets stoned before Thanksgiving on the latest episode of Don't Be Afraid of the Dark.
Did I say stop??? I don't remember saying stop? I coulda said stop???? But I didn't say it....Did I.....????
Looking forward to seeing you on June 27 xx
For some reason #MARC 544 stopped at BWI.
Go to sleep! Then fucking give me 200 dollars!
This is a nightmare.
I have the best big sister ever!!! I love her so much!!
So apparently the whole "beiber gets stabbed" rumor is false....
There's nothing like a friendly-family-friend dinner
What are your plans for the weekend?
no doubt... Sarah Kaufman had fear splattered all over her face.
yes, yes, yes! Thanks for sharing, Margaret! I Alec Baldwin & Woody Allen in the same movie…too good!
Today is a day. And it will go. And then it will be over.
I know. God bless Twitter. The sheer multi-dimensional, multi-lingual mashed-up-ness of 's tweet blew my mind.
I've got it, plus the seafarers, knights, and 5-6 expansions...
Awesome! We all win then!
Do you listen to music when you scoot? What's on your playlist?
Outdoor dining in mid-February
Thanks! It's on Amazon right now and will be on iTunes soon! I'm super excited!!!
latest single , listen at www.reverbnation.com/roberttorme
even Sam Adams is over rated!
woah that's far! Do you have creeks where you live?
What say you ? RT : Any foodie recommendations for Dallas?
Me too!
Seems like forever since we killed anybody. True, that suicide during our SWAT stand off the other day sort of counts. But still!
If Collins is done as a player, I would love to see him stick around the organization. Played the game the right way.
Sanaz is falling asleep!
Engineering is an activity other than purely manual and physical work which brings about the utilization of the materials and la
Omg I wanna get my 3rd hole pierced !
If it goes well, I might just have to move to Omaha
But not for competing in life. You're a winner.
Bob Segar's "Night Moves" conjures up so many memories, all of them good.
" maybe I'll love yu one day, maybe we'll smeday grow....... "
RT : Justice Scalia to keynote conference on Judicial Takings: Property Rights and the Rule of Law Oct. 18 #SCOTUS #kentl ...
At the hospital visitin my godmother seein how she doin
Begging for followers when you only follow back 300 people isn't cool.
I have a hunger only food can cure.
So how did the tasting go?
big blue bus despair
How about the guy who, when he gets to a green light, he starts slowing down . . . just in case. True story.
It's going to be a gorgeous night at the ballyard. Perfect weather. Pumped.
Which of you is the SOA fan
Like this tweet :) RT : Sometimes things happen to clarify who is really important in your life.
Remember, email can often be introducted in court. Be careful of what you write. :)
WE GOT FOAM - sign in the window at House of Foam
It's the coding You have to properly code your feed to take the image & specify image specs that #FB wants. If not it won't pull
This is my last week and my friends and I are trying to come up with an idea to fuck some shit up.
The US economy is the dominant factor driving NM right now, & state seems to be improving along with the nation - Roberto Coronado
All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope. Winston Churchill
cannot wait for the faculty development seminar in SL. Thanks for hosting. See you tomorrow *smiles*
Stop by Whole Foods in Devon for Revolution Cider tasting day! Jonathan will be here 1-4p
Going to baseball games Saturday at 9. Then , I'm going to Ashlyn's and we are going to go to the zoo , the movies , and dinner . (:
Yeah, you can say that again. RT That was one shitty period by Philly.
1 in 5,000 north Atlantic lobsters are born bright blue.
Please join today's #TrainChat at 10 am PT with guest Bill Cushard about the skills #learning pros need now.
Four followers and counting.
Why is the upper west side romantic always??
Keith Haring always reminds me of when I lived in NYC in the late '80s. Seemed his art was everywhere.
Are you kidding? You are one, girl! :)
Planning a trip to India this may
Happy cinco de mayo everyday have a awesome day!
#ConfessionTime I do have hoes. Alot of em. But I don't plan on cuffing none, because this one guy has my heart, But his girlfriend has hes.
I've impressed future in laws, enjoyed date nights, new years eve, girls night and bday riding with
To count all the stars, you must first learn the constellations. - S.Rippetoe
Happy Birthday W.E.B. DuBois! VSU Archives has his autobiography and the 100th Anniversary NAACP commemorative book available to read!
still stop losing weight!!!!!
I didn't think I cared much, but Jennifer Hudson just made me sit down and watch.
New cars a gem.
Reached a milestone today, first day wearing shorts in Portland.
that's terrible.!
: Why aren't you responding to my messages? TCFS?
Lifetime >>> MTV
Stop. Just say what you really want. Out loud, not to yourself.
Jewelry Site Plukka Turns Group Buying On Its Head
A great weekend of #Auditions in #NewYorkCity comes to a close. #ByeNYC See you again next week!
not to be *that* person, but i'll check my sched and let you know!
Cold weather food picks today-Ramen ,mac & cheese ,Sarah's revenge Union cafe,chicken prosciutto
Grind Mode
no the Bruins are gonna lose, and I'm gonna cry, and no more hockey for me, and why!!!
Sounds like a great idea!
Our 2012 Holocaust Remembrance Week theme is "Children & the Holocaust." To learn more abt children in conflict, follow
Earthquake in NW?
Its sad how one day someone can make you feel special and then the next your nothing c:
Design is a constant challenge to balance comfort with luxe, the practical with the desirable. ~Donna Karan
Bout to take the
Just finished running lights for one of the best set lists ever at with and
These twitter nuccas so fake. How you gone send me messages about buying yo beats when i make a living off of doing the same thing.
it's in Chpt 4...gonna update soon.
depending on the school it's either a bartender or a DJ
u coming down? Do it join the crew!
I got a big 'ol butt... Oh yeah!
Mistery is just misery with a T.
for 's wedding!!! #fabulous!
Just made a lame attempt at editing a reel for myself. Very rough draft. Will post when it's done rendering!
Tell that moth fucka i said glad he's okay. Tell him the exact words lol.
Mark your calendar: Sun. 12/6 and Sat. 12/12 are two local holiday happenings where you can buy my offbeat artwork. Info at: Arty4ever.com
hey. Its beautiful. Nice kool breeze. I got my window open now. (Lettn the smoke out)
n yea we will see lol
"Laughter is God's hand on a troubled world." ~ Big Momma 2
Who can I trust in 2012
It's up to you to fact check your book, and everything you #publish. Errors can seriously erode your reputation.
So proud of Holly tonight!! Abby needs to be put in her place!!
LOL. Someone tried to break into my house at 2:30am. Scary!
Excellent! 10am US eastern - words will roll!
too funny
let me be as fun as you :)
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Forever Means Deruler (forever means forever)
thanks brutha! You got one soon also right?
And its like so dead....with like fifteen kids in here
Remember the days when we thought the AICN Talkback was the worst the Internet had to offer? Christ were we naive.
Johnny Depp is my favorite actor & I don't care what anybody thinks about it.
Dude don't be a douche, that girl obviously cares about you, your just too stupid to realize something that's right in front of you
can I still get in to the grind session in NYC next week?
"how do u feel about michael jackson?" "Michael jackson? ..he was BAD'' -chris
aka scary tactics is what i really learned lol
there's alot of other square cafes in the twitterverse! Glad you found the real deal!
Gotta love the email I just got from "I'm Obama's worst nightmare".
Welcome new pals to #FF Happy #Friday!
RT - Why won't Jake Delhomme sign with Miami? Because the Dolphins are awful, or does he not like Matt Moore anymore?
Every tweet I've ever written contains a clue to the location of a secret treasure - which contains a copy of every tweet I've ever written.
Thanks for the shout out--glad you like our work!
did Delonte West tell LeBron to wish his mom a happy mothers day for him?
A good lawyer knows the law--a great lawyer knows the judge.
Class is going on way to slow. 😒
Elvis was pretty outstanding in King Creole and Jailhouse Rock. Highly underrated for his acting. Now we have Timberlake/Bieber. Ugh.
Ha! Good point. Good luck and enjoy!
yeah they did!
It's a biggie kinda day
I never had Starbucks either why is it so important ?
hahaha it's alright i understand(:
All this fresh air sucks! Two shots, a gin n tonic and an absinth and I'm sober!!
For example, a compliment: Numbers 2, 3, and 4 are always , , and I hope it's true.
no worries
Good morning, Laura. I remember you frequently appearing on WTTW's Chicago Tonight when I interned there early 2011.
A very nice two days are on the way with sunshine and seasonable temperatures for this time of year.
Wish I'd made progress on my "learn to curl my hair" resolution before December 31. Ergh.
Dude I can't breath! xD
Should get a luxury sedan, man
Feel Good Af Out
Tonight won't soon be forgotten
sure did...thanks!
I myself will be drinking a beer. Will that work?
admit it... you drive around town with a fat stogie in your mouth...just because you are SP!
Haha. I'll give some lessons on the course
I had the best dinner on Leap Day all because of your suggestion. Happy Day!
I always try to return favors! It just makes me happy :-)
i think they're stupid for judging you. People are bitches these days.
Great #SEMSanDiego meet up last night. Chatted about email marketing and I won Scott Stratten's book, can't beat that!
19% of the #HumphreyBogart estate was unnecessarily lost due to death taxes & settlement costs. #EstatePlanning helps preserve your estate!
About to tape a podcast with the legend Me thinks this Mariano Rivera news may have to find its way into the show.
Well, it finally happened. I finished every Felicity season. Now I can have my life back
Congratulations to our newest addition of the team. Shout out to Silas Drayden for impressing us and helping our future.
At least I'm not dumb enough to dye my hair black....
wish pakistan govt., would stop buying weapons and get these for many people who need them there..
great job on military job today guys!
no friends lol
Just saw "Ragtime". Absolutely fantastic show. See it if you can.
all the goons will be at you
new york!!
We're praying too! “: Lord, Please get rid of #Baltimore deserves better, shout out to .. Thanks! Amen”
Working on plan for next 6 months business strategies. Looking to grow the lighting 50% and looking to do 25k with service business,
take a drink when you hear "it depends"
“: I had a great time! Thanks!” Thank you!!
Chocolate pie with chocolate and caramel filling and whipped cream. I am also thankful for my future diabetes.
When was this said? Do you have a recording?
RT - I love laying in bed and watching NFL football!! But I'd rather be drenched on paint sweat tears and rain in the ...
Pretty dumb to wear a tank top and shorts..outside..at night
Hi there! Thanks for your RT :)
ice cream is pretty much the greatest.
Just discovered that my right leg is 9mm shorter than my left.
That's absolutely crazy! BRA has so many teams with enough points regardless of event
Just got home from hanging out with schaller and p-diddy!
“: & just bcuz u wear some European designer name brand shit dont make u fly. U can still look lame in Gucci, LV, Versace or YSL”
If you're unsure about your feelings, don't mess with someone else's.
I am becoming obessed with your site. If only I had more vacation time. You guys are doing an awesome job !
Hosting my 3rd Annual Ornament Exchange Party 2night. Been super busy getting ready.Has 2 be perfect! Why do I do this to myself every year?
Top Dog Names: Max, Buddy, Jake, Rocky, Bailery, Buster, Molly, Maggie, Daisy, Lucy and Sadie
Aww, Happy Birthday!
im sleepy .
I try to see good in everyone. Be blind to d faults of others. It brings peace in ur life,things don't change,So change d way u look at them
Bout to do a suicide mission
Whoa! broke down and added a profile pic
I hope this pain goes away so I can actually enjoy myself tonight.
oh yes!!!!! I miss it so much. I miss you and I want to go running together and have dranks!
From Acord .. It's on their regular binder, but hand written. I bet auditors wouldn't approve.
RT : Good morning! Happy St. Patrick's Day!! ♣
Playing with delayed shutter and the splashing rain on my balcony. Making hte best of a gloomy day!
I feel like seeing skrillex live would be such a waste of money.
He is cleaning house in the DOJ and I hope he will keep up his oversight. Mimi Sanford has been my point of contact."
Your the real Bailey?
This week's Friday Faculty Fest is "Assessment Strategies" with Carol Scheidenhelm and Shannon Milligan of Loyola. Plan on it!
You are totally right. I have the same rule with Dee,buy it when you see it, saves lots of headaches.
Select shorts starting at $25! You'll need them this week when it hits 70 degrees :)
so jealous! I want to be in Vegas too!
Avengers is officially one of the best big-budget movies I've seen. Ever.
ONE WEEK!
So I really really really want you to follow me...
The commute home is #TwitterTime. When the Metro is above ground, that is.
thanks for following handsome
Let's figure out possible times.
Oi Pastor Alex, meu amigo. The best way to contact me is to just message me on Facebook. My email is in Facebook info also.
hey need a challenge? ;) play words with friends with me: meghan_mccarty_
#ThingsWhitePeopleInvented #EveryBlackNeighborhood now has some crappy drugs but great dealers.
VLC no longer available!?! for IOS Devices! RATS!!
I think #Melo is going for 30 tonight...call me crazy, but I think it'll happen
Me having to go with you to get ice cream.
Went for a 45min walk during lunch and am not eating my 4points meal... I am having such a health day! :)
Are you ready for our Midnight opening?
Patronizing one of our wonderful sponsors, Hey... Did you get your tickets yet?
#IbizaSaturdays 21+ FREE ALL NIGHT! YOU ALSO RECEIVE FREE CUTLINE (on left of the club) w/ RSVP Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
Woahhh. Just realized how close Halloween is. What do you think each of us should be?
Yes, Tim Dillard will be better.
Been following since the trailer. That house is where it's AT man. No better place to make social media history than here in cali
life is beautiful when life is music...
I'm probably the only woman in the world who has more bobbleheads than shoes. Which is moderately disturbing because I have a ton of shoes.
too DRY for spring in NY! we need some rain!
great to know you enjoyed it!!! Autumn menu with lots of new dishes starts tomorrow!!
For Thomas and Minho!
it dnt make since if it dnt make that money
“: Coffee and Investigation Discovery :) what a perfect Sunday morning!” solid!
So that's what you and Bianca were talking about...?
Today on the World Grooves show, actor Martin William Harris plays Polish pop music from #AyaRL, #LadyPank, #Kombi, #Bajm, #Piersi,
i hope u remember me i saw u in the boynton mall u said u were gonna make some vids with my brother and taught him how to get ads
lol I admit he's not lookin fly these days, but the album is pretty good. "Love is a Verb" is my cut!!
I heard about that one. I know there's one on Dick Rd. do u know of any other ones?
Ok I'm @ work sneezing, coughing throat hurt & stuffy nose, lord I can't b getting sick
Trying to slap an over-the-counter psychological analysis - "... OCD? Anal?" I guess there's a new Oprah in town.
Watching the reunion show! Tami you are THE BUSINESS!!! Love your spirit, continue to keep it real!
Google May Acquire Groupon for $6 Billion, and It Would Be Worth Every Penny
i bet every AP Spanish test taker at Mater is mad right now.
2012, election year. Know the difference between fundamentals & election poker. Expect 1.28 to 1.24 in euro but watch euro intervention,1.35
Hi Jesse. Can you say "Hi" to me? Since it's my birthday, thanks.
OPEN DOORS Opening Reception was AMAZING - I HEART
LOL. It's SO true!
are you drunk
You quit it or it quits you
its not about what u want tho...its about what you need.
One highlight from tonight, Mori taking a lyrical solo while Greg used his hands to play melodically on the drums.
No one has claimed the Laptop Monster yet! 1st person to with proof of their ticket purchase gets him. He's cute and soft.
on streakers on field: "I'm sick and tired of these guys on the field. Let's get a K-9. It's pathetic- so annoying."
- sweet! Beijing trip!
Writing is like being a word hoarder w dirty hair. Make three piles. Keep. Donate. Throw away. Then rinse and repeat.
Hope not... but if you do yer gonna need to stay away from processed foods, HFCH, & drink water & eat salads!
Ssht Mann In The Hood Whaa That South Side Lookn Like
I KNOW THAT CRAZY!!! LMAO.
Many thanks for following back, my friend! I envy you your spanker status. I don't have that privilege in my home. Just the opposite!
A relationship w/out commitment = failure. Selfishness 2 keep the prize but u aren't doing the right thing. Stop the games & play ur part.
It's snowing
It's a beautiful day--perfect for staying indoors and over eating. Wings and pizza(s) for this guy!
it should be a good night fingers crossed its been some time. I'm still feeling the effect of last sat :)
lolz... i kinda like there accent... i be tryna talk like that... lool
GOP Rep. Joshi, a legal immigrant, says he can't support
I have the iPad, it's the best invention ever. I'm looking for something to replace my Macbook pro though. :(
i ALWAAAYSS thought this! like wtf. he reads my mind. RT I think it's strange how freely people describe themselves as "anal".
happy birthday
It may be Black Friday, but your vehicle's engine oil shouldn't be black. For the best bargains, come by Express Lube.
Wishing you all a very Happy Festivus!
Presidential primary has long coincided with non-partisan elections. Prior to now, it was the same day as Feb. local primary.
Panthers... I'm on the Florida Bandwagon Baby!!!! :P :P
oh you girls crack me up “: OMG LMAOOOOO RT : don't make me scramble you!”
no need to be lonely all you have to do is call. LOL
And it is delicious. From the truck.
Eh, fair low ball offer in my eyes. U should go old school and call him on phone, prolly work something out...
Let's have an amazing day!
They're alot of fake ass people out there, especially in Elkins, West Virginia. I smell bacon up in this motherfucker.
Enjoying some jazz at the estate
I've never been so busy since I retired.
Studying & Homework..
that last tweet was 4 u
A gaggle of giggling girls just piled onto the bus
No problem! Busy week getting ready for #WebCamp2012! Looking forward to your tweets.
#midastouch RT : Let's go badgers
yes I have seen! They are 3 :) brother and sister zoey and zorro
Ah I see...Big Smoke! Sounds like a beer or three will be had there...
I think it's because you were in some 👠👠 and then fell down from being drunk! j/k Love Ya! Hope u feel better.
. Absolutely. 1 thing is clear: parents are ready and willing to do their part. Good luck out there!
Love a cup of coffee this time of day...so relaxing...
we saw the 1st snow in Estes Park, Co. for this year 22 inches of beautiful white flakes. Don't see much of it where we are in Texas.
Lol, maybe I should've watched baseball instead of my Laker's!!!! Grhhh!!!!!!
What's good tweeters?
no, the next step is using taxpayer money for improvements.
Today I'm trying to be more like I've bedazzled everything in my apartment. It's like Studio 54 with a walk-in closet.
Can't help thinking about #Swamplandia! as a Floridian "Lolita" from the other point of view.
Did you let hijack your phone again?
Hoops. Mix up tent. Splendour. Now. Best!
Lol dammnnn did you even pinch the bitch! Lol
my doggy is laying next to me! she never does that :)
Time for school...great.
How are you celebrating the first day of Spring?
Finally got music on my iPod.
AWESOME show today! You all kicked ass!
Are you ready for sexy mexy?
Wake up 1245 m'f'in afternoon
That is a lot of flights for the 1st QTR! Do you fly out of MSN, MKE or ORD the most? Ever consider letting us drive you?
I am borrowing TWO (count them) library ebooks with my kindle.
New favorite TV show hands down... #ThePitch on AMC. Great inside look at the creative process of some top ad agencies and products.
Whenever I tell people I do machine learning they always ask if I'm building Skynet. The only correct answer is "Yes. Yes I am (Evil Laugh)"
RT : Good Evening #WiUnion #WiRecall It is a beautiful day in Madison, made better by the result of last nights elections.
it involves a list and a map. You know you can't say no.
Trying to upload new pics....sorta taking forever
We all need to make an effort to get better at draw something guys. Come on. We're not kids anymore.
Come out to Thursday nite for a good time with karaoke and spoken word. Starts at 8pm. And they have hookah! Come join us.
#Mitt #Romney apologizes for pranks in high school? What's next? Did he soil his diapers too? This is politics of the absurd meaning nothing
I'm not an alcoholic, they go to meetings. I'm a drunk, we go to parties.
#Raw is supposed to be over right now. I'm not complaining though
I used to come out pretty early on when I met new people, I guess just get that it out of the way. Now it's more fun to keep them guessing.
A big bag of shit lmao
fair enough
Snowing in Georgia in April. Very odd.
If you think money can't buy happiness, then you're not spending it right!
it's like happy new year for jazz lol
#energized for spring.
Let me express how happy I am to be relying on Non-axial units to complete a plot
I will put my blunt out on your face to keep my ash tray clean. Standing ovation... Welcome to the top 10.
Man #Bartab is just killing it! First this bomb #Bartab Bowl where you can win a party just by drinking! Then #Colorado Native promo!
Rabbit, Rabbit!
That's great! RT : Marianne at in the village at sandhills was AMAZING! I'm totally relaxed!!
my stomach bubbling cuz i ate damn near a whole pot of greens
Let's see if it's true. MT Did you tell them that I give out a free beer for each MT?
Feelin like i should maybe go to school... Nah
BAHAHA. So it's really a whale... made of fudge. Still want to know WHY i'm getting these emails...
a trade "up" would be to get rid of him
Make a change, drink Pu-er Tea: Pu-er tea can help reduce high blood pressure, cholesterol levels, that helps prevent heart disease & cancer
Santa's a pretty cool coworker. He's more of a surfer than a swimmer though ;) Glad you're enjoying the Shuffle!
OSA's OA titles online only, flexibility in production, lower costs. Author pays. Peer reviewed but not copyedited
You shoulda stuck with Essential Pépin. I just made the shrimp cakes I saw him make on his show on Sat. Easy, perfect, beautiful.
My pleasure. Hope your week is going well. Feels like Friday to me today. No idea why, but I'm enjoying it.
what about color?
Maceo! Mercy Mercy! James Cotton! Cotton in my ears! Ronnie Wood-seriously?! For a great cause=mo better blues! #KTRocks&Rolls
i guess all these girls gonna have to put their lil mini skirts to rest it's not summer yet!
RT If you want to leave footprints in the sands of time, don't drag your feet. -Annot. L. Sheppard in Women's World
Let's get it on or you won't take off.
I know =[ Thank you! Enjoy your weekend!!
#SheWantsTheDick if she tell u she don't do it on the first night
all im trying too do is the bombay gin dance #turnup?
RT for a shout out
Have respect for each other & a sense of #community; that builds #relationship. #vision #leadership SeanLetwat
Watching now! Yay!
OH: Mrs. Hudson leave Baker Street? England would fall!
Lets break the surface and make a little
2 days later, and it's intensifying. People I haven't talked to in yrs. are giving me crap about Tebow.
The Dallas Cowboys name Jason Garret head coach. This is a good hire for the team. Who will makes the decisions on the coaching staff?
Twitter its been awhile but WERE still hangin in there (underground) performing any & everywhere we can!
Shit, we missed it. What's up?
Honestly don't know what I would do without my friends and family <3
Very nice! :)
Wisco first state to get 2 teams in the sweet 16 this year... Cheering for both and don't care!
apologies for a pretty bad drawing lol, how do you get it to draw so thin?
Your profile pic is KILLER! You look like old Hollywood Glamour with the sass of the new Millenium! #workit! #beautifulallover!
precisely we used to buy my g'ma "padre vision" cable package as bday gift!
You're welcome. Glad you like it!
You're welcome! We're looking forward to the #ElderCareChat today at 1pm ET.
I miss South Beach
I've never seen it, and feel morally superior because of such. And, yes, that GTD training included biting sarcasm.
RT : "My reading of history convinces me that most bad government results from too much government."-Thomas Jefferson
It didn't "sound" like that at all. "Librarian" also confuses rhetorical caution aimed at audience with presenter's knowledge.
where's needed to see her!
Does love always have to be a game? Ugh
Good to be here! Thanks!
Nerves are kickin in! this weekends gonna be tough!
It should be back now
- Nice story on Lauber, Scoop. You should research some real news: Larry Sinclair, SSN#, Birth Certificate, nobama on drugs.
I love you & hate you the same.. & maybe that's the way it will stay.
So annoyed. I don't like this class, or this school. Or the people in this school.
Tonight I'll stay up late reading & & while I'm + it I'll write music 4rm the light of my life inside my ♥
Try your presentation software (powerpoint equiv) - That is what I use for that.
Being left out feels just great.
Love the look! Keep doing you.
Jesse & Anthony...both smokin'!
Chichi slept beside me all night
when I see you I light up and my face get's red
Latest releases of Validation::Class just keep getting better, ... tis aging like fine wine.
Missed that. Thanks. Had already been thinking about next show being on women in tech...
bed.. hope to get good sleep :)
Yay! nice logo
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw it's the mark of a superior mind to be able to disagree without being disagreeable.
Assuming a context and "use case" often assumes and shows the assumer's privilege. cc
RT if your watching the fight(:
We <3 Woodshop! RT : I am really wanting to go to
isn't that how it works, your in my city when I'm in yours! :/ fail so hard!
Welcome to the Trojan Family!
i like to keep it open!
GOODNIGHT DARLING.
I don't understand why my mom would threaten 2 take away my phone just because I'm not a genius when it comes to using a stove -________-
ya never know homie
That feeling that you need to sneeze but cant.
Made livebinder for students to use, grt blended learning opp. Found a way to solve completion issues? Tchr:student dialogue valueable
we can find a good place to hide you so you can enjoy our company and our food
has cat custody for the next two weeks! Whoot!
Um 49ers too?! Home opener hello!!!
showing courtesy as an employer can also be a key factor in earning yourself a more competitive pool of candidates
HE WOULD WALK 500 MILES TO BE THE MAN
I float high, don't try to cut my water wings
lol mine too.
Kaminsky with the three to put UW up by 10.
There is also a lever on the steering wheel so I can just turn on my own.
Check out 3/11 as she talks candidly about her mom journey.
lol they do have there flaws
“Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family. Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one.” – Jane Howard
Feeling a little better. Only after having a 2 day migraine with terrible nausea >.<
We were really close. We reached 10,000 subscribers yesterday! The coupon should come soon.
DIABLO I TONIGHT BABY!!!
who writing stuff about me
Schools forever trying to make math fun. We all grow up to count calories, twitter followers, play with physics, etc. Make math personal.
My workshop tomorrow ends at noon. After that I'm free.
let me know if you find one
Testing out Hootsuite!
- Please DM me to set up an interview with Charlie Gasparino. TX
Really looking forward to dinner @ La Trattoria in Greenwood tonight. Small, quaint atmosphere. Excellent Italian food. Best steaks in Indy!
Sunny day which means a trip to the Woodland Park Zoo.
ya that would work as well. I can't b gone all night tho. My moms family Is celebrating Christmas
lol we will be there at noon! Hope we cross paths!
BF I NEED 2 GET AWAY
note how the press releases says REDUCES issues with rolling shutter, et al. NOT SOLVES. AF100 isn't shitting its pants, yet
Missing my dad today, he was a great dad and a darling grandpa, and just super awesome in general!
Yuni boots that for a hit.
BACON ON ANY HAMBURGER >>>>>>>>
Lol nothing we just saw each other at a park and that was it
Doctor's scare me... Unless they're Dr. Logan Mitchell. (; Heheheh.
lmfao!..OH WELL...but i doubt that she will cuz im blocked from her shit...changed number n whole!...LMFAO!
RT We have enough youth. Why hasn’t someone invented a fountain of SMART?
Monday went well! Client meeting, 2 billion e-mails, 1 million phone calls, a dance party, a kegger, oh wait... well some of that was true!
how about the ASHA bookstore inside the vendor hall? I don't know any other landmark I can describe
Check and Balance. Check your income vs your expenses. Do you have positive or negative income? Adjust your lifestyle.
Fastest week I've ever experienced ....
it doesn't matter which one, they're pretty much the same thing. I just know mines called photo grid & it was free hahahaha.
Sunday thus far: HD, French toast, Melvin Bragg
The Popsicles of fate
Let not your senses deceive, for even as the tempest may howl, just beyond it lies a serenity that could not otherwise find you
Live music tonight at the Milano Inn, weather permitting...looks like it's going to be perfect night for dinner, drinks, bocce ball & music!
Yes, some materials can only be accessed from an NYPL computer due to copyright restrictions & other agreements.
Love cures people- both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.~~~~Karl A. Menninger
Our hearts and prayers goes out to those that have been affected by Hurricane Irene!
thanks. Have you tried out our site yet?
Change is movement that comes from the courage and desire within. via
Another great EVENT on the way!
I miss bothering
how tha fux u gon call me...pay my bill then call me
Another Mavs goal waived off. Absolute crap!
Padres tie it up in the top of the 3rd. Polanco, Victorino, and Pence are due up.
So eventually it'll be Obama vs. Romney. LET'S GET READY TO.............. whatever...
couldn't hear it in
i gotta go check out ghostrider was suppose to today but was knocked the hell out lol ill see it this week for sure tho
Me and Bradley did.
I’ll Play With Your Hair And Drag My Fingertips Across Your Skin.
#Starbucks released their new roast called Blonde Roast. Meaning, they're not burning the beans on purpose now.
Thanks for stopping by, ! Which delicious ice cream did you enjoy?
I love it when people from outside KY try and tell us what's worse. Natl guys have no clue. 92 > 12, by far!
hey magogo. Planning to listen on the way home from S&W dinner. Where did you live freshman year? MAT or L&L?
#HearMeWhisper has reached 800 'likes' on our fan page while our IMDb page is kicking butt at 2,717 'likes'. Thank U to all of our fans!
#BecauseofObama I found a word that rhymes with llama
If today feels anything like yesterday I might have to get some crabs and sit out and enjoy the weather
What's up brahdah! I just got back online w/Twitter!)
So true!
Hahahaha just lying in wait, ready to pounce
yeah well in all fairness they moved away from me so I havent had a home for 4 1/2 years :/
Best not to wear out my self-promoting welcome, I guess.
I'd ask my mom to hide it in one of her buns
u see this? RT catering for some hungry disc golfers at Morley Field today!
to top my day off i cracked my phone again
I think most americans agree on the Buffett Rule!!! Makes cents for America!!!
BIG bucket for Griz. 6-point game with about 4 min to go.
Rainy days are beautiful days, especially when you love your better half. this is to you my love, Mua.....
Yes! That's what u spotted. I always love seeing shows when they r in process like that. Hope you can visit now that it's finished.
same shit..bout to drop 3 back to back projects in 3 months
When the state attorney refuses to take action the system stops - Ryan Vescio
Warping my loom, while thinking about anything else I'd rather be doing.
is Portland a top 4 team in the west with a healthy Greg oden?
re watching shoot us down videos<3 you?(:
#ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls who think they look good without makeup .
i don't think so, but my memory of college is like swiss cheese.
story of my life
Was so great to confirm Bethenny is genuine- and LOVE her staff - helping me chase my triplets around Sams..yikes
#youknowiloveyouwhen when i will fart around you, no problem, that's LOVE...LOL
All my apps on my iPod got deleted. Omg -.-"
First day volunteering at Ronald McDonald house!
Thanks for the follow ! Hope you are all having a great day.
Ditto!:-) Thanks for your comments!
doing my science fair project ):
We hope you decide to come out for zumba tonight! It's going to be a great way to start off the spring! Come by at 6:30.
Happy Friday!! Thanks for your feedback on the BETA everyone! We've made this the latest official version of Paltalk!
Flipflop squad look like they gone lose 2night!!!!!!!
straight outta cleveland ma i dnt do the rollin papers
It all comes down to to 90 minutes in Barcelona - this is it! Go Barça!!!
Striving to do it everyday RT : We need to #befearless & intentional in our approach to social challenges, says
Brunch with my glam girlfriends and roses from my guy. A terrific Saturday in the City of Angels.
Hold her like you'll never see her again.
Happy Valentine's Day
Kept my eyes on the goal and just graduated from Univ. Of Miami Masters degree in hand. Yay!!!!
tonight nigga but idk were jasmine punk ass at
The discovery [murals, Xultun] is reported in the June issue of National Geographic magazine and in the May 11 issue of the journal Science.
RT : Go out right now and get PART WILD by Amazing read!!
u better vote for me!
remember that high gas prices trigger higher inflation & consumer prices & kills the slow economic recovery.
your great.
Dinner...Hm
Hope U had a wonderful #Thursday & thanks for #FOLLOWing (=_=)
RT : Woke up thinking of all those #craftbeers Next week bout to be a patriotic blur
If you can dream it, you can do it!!! Sweet dancing dreams everyone!! xoxo Ava & Loretta
honestly ADTR's only good song. haha
-- they are like 46-2 and ranked 9th? Good lord..what are teams 1-8?
to open American expo Tokyo
I'm gettin a lot of action on Twitter tonight ;)
Thank you for the RTs! Keep spreading the word about disability employment.
Just walked by on 18th st. super crowded in there.
Pretty impressive start for : 400 followers in two days - and my street has been plowed!
": From a girl's point of view, the guy always chooses the slut. From a guy's point of view, the girl always chooses the asshole."
Just had an idea. Major Paul & Paul Show vs. Outta Boundz -- Softball challenge. Maybe one game, maybe a series.
Also big news ~ We got asked to join 's Undone PDX crew last night. Super stoked! Here's to the best music in Japan and PDX!
Peace out, Pensacola.
#Book peeps to #FF #read it or weep
having a hard time breathing cause I was showered with pollen getting my adidas and I don't have my inhaler or allergy medicine.... ): wah
I Got Bitches On Top Of Bitches On Top Of Bitches On Top Bitches On Top Of Bitches On Top Of Bitches...Yeah-#BARS!!!!
LOL! So how about a 'we're having a 7 year itch trip. Chip in please...' theme? #silverliningtotweets :)
Today we were singing commercials in class. xD
What percentage of the TOO MUCH GOVERNMENT folks favor anti-pot laws?
I've been meaning to ask you what building you are in in your site background photo. Great shot.
on my grind as usual, bout to bounce off of twitter in a second lol
Friend: who would lose your virginity to. Me: EASY! or Friend: your the new virgin mary
Are you covering training camp today?
Since when is criticism of a terrorist state "libelous"?
Dont forget we have homecoming tickets on sale, get yours before they are gone. www.friendsofhowardfootball.org .
Special Tuesday night edition , Doors open , all the Top Tunes and performances till 3am. Stop in and check it out
Rt i won lol cause i jumper in it but now im suspened
The Garden is...empty
RT if you'll always support no matter what. <3
Off work!! Yay!
Annoyed/cranky, overall pissy mood. Thank you surgeon for leading me on that tube wld b removed in january. Stays in until february
Hey Mike, I'm having a kid in a couple of weeks so I think I'll be grounded for awhile....
it was fun.
haha oh yeah will I actually got up and said something you sat there like a glb
Good Morning. My kid brother is DB coach at Princeton.
Great defense for the bucks in the final minute of the half. Bucks 52 Knicks 47 at the half.
NAME THE LYRICS: It's the last of the drank, Pull over, Can't hear a damn thang Sober
My morning coffee has a Herculean task today...
lol leave her alone she was hungry
seeing is deceving, dreaming is believing, its okay not to be okay - Jessie j
Finally getting my mojo back after a long hibernation. Today is gonna both fun and productive!!! Run with me or get run over... ooh rah!
sweater weather but the sun is shining, come on in we are having a fun busy day here at WhatKnots!
haha thanks:) and yeah,it's REALLY fun
I feel your pain.
If Western Kentucky wins the Sun Belt conference tournament tonight they will be in the NCAA tournament with a 15-18 record
Lol love you “: wow didn't know my husband was still a pig “: Girl: What color are my eyes? Guy: 34D ;)””
I am sorry you feel that way. Are you a member?
do you think you'll ever tour in the US?
2 bad bitch flow and twiiter
This rangers game is nuts
save me one!! I was working haha
I just drove around a bit. He's gone. Whew!
i wanna run, but only far enough to make you miss me
sometimez they do sleepz with us. Mom doez more than daddy.
oh it's on, girlfriend.
I'm mad at you. Lol
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 9
Every thought we think is creating our future. ~ Louise L. Hay
concert tonight with some other cool people! Party with Biz Markie tomorrow night! Oh yeah! :D
now that THAT'S over
24 months. So only a few months to go. Didn't bother with the customer service complaint; just decided ill switch carriers
Come chester taylor time to prove ur self!
RT : Career Daze today at CSU Stanislaus: Meet 30+ employers, incl. Aerotek, Bronco Wine, City of Modesto, and county schools....
I have RLS and in lots of pain an feel like shit :*( can someone help me and take this pain away???
YOU NEVER FOLLOWED ME. IM DROWNING IN MY OWN TEARS
Want a #nudist special getaway 2 nights $200 Caliente Resorts
If you're angry with Corporate America, then stop giving them your money. Once you get that, you're on the road for taking the country back
Labor Day weekend, thousands of people in the Capitol Square, and no one is protesting. It doesn't seem right.
There's no escape. I can't wait. I need a hit, baby give me it you're dangerous, I'm lovin' it!
oh yeah i remember now!! :) it came to me lol
is That a Shirley Temple? Lol I love those! To me it looks like y'all r a papacito's lol
Thankful im not a heat fan
Maybe Smoak should play catcher?
Thanks for the follow!
your shit slaps! keep it up
Up eating Morgan tripping he'll I'm sleep oh well what Morgan wants Morgan gets I can't wait til my baby girl get here
Let's hope that prenup does it's job.
Puck just dropped in MN vs ND hockey game. Fox 9's Jim Rich is there and we will go to him live at the top of Fox @ Five.
More oxytocin, please. Yes, thank you.
Looks amazing!! Can't wait to get it
Commitment to Treatment Plan is the first step towards success. .keloidsurvey.com
Saw #oomf today ..!
Today - stop by our Race table at Legacy Village today near Starbucks from 4-8 pm. Say hi!
RT There is not a single diet coke in my fridge. It is going to be a long day.
STOP IT! No more talk about...oh wait, this is about dinner. Never mind!
i want to wish a happy mothers day to a wonderful mother. i love you mommy
there have been some epic strikeout pouty meltdowns, including one from 9yr :) They're all doing a lot better now though.
It's really not that cold here right now.
Apologizing in advance! Me stalker ex has been mssgng my friends. So if u get one let me know so I can report it.
yeaah i just want her but she doesnt want me anymore , sucks for me .
Saw #PacerNation close it out tonight and saw and
Just saw The Vow. cutest movie ever <3
#cnbc just played electronic dance music, i cant believe it,
without me? Say what.(;
#NP pleasure p- after the club close! <3
We curate, relate, share, cross-post, try to add value 4 ppl r/t #access, #disability issues, advocacy, news (how are we doing?)
You are very welcome, Eric! We're so glad you're enjoying the course. Let us know what you think about the Android app and...
Teddy was one of my first big interviews as a reporter after seeing Guy tear it up at Hammersmith in uk. Musical genius!
the fact that isn't cheering next season <<<
new icon and background :) tell me what you think
Excited to go to tonight with and friends!
Yes Urkel has left the building
Todd Long Florida up against Grayson - www.toddlongforcongress.com
Listening to Nightwish's Imaginaerum. Really wish I had Pip William's job right now! Guess I'll settle with orchestrating for Symfinity.
I thought I was the only one!!
Checking out #Technori Pitch with Looking forward to it.
Thanks for the RT Tom! Any disagreements on the list?
Teen daughter shopping online for DocMarten lace-ups. Won't tell her I had a boyfriend who wore them thirty years ago.
hello! Wait what is that? lol
Hey Twitter People - we are starting a KC Film People list for all to follow - if you want on that list - DM us and we'll make it so.
RT Just visited with Rep. Pat Tiberi's office. He is a co-signer to the CAPP bill to improve the historic tax credit.
I just got attacked by a moth in my car!
where's Earl Boykins at?!
Everyone share our texting blast with your friends. Text mochalounge to 90210!
There is a bar in London that sells vaporized vodka, which is inhaled instead of sipped
just tried to change the channel on the telly with my mouse
working on touring plans now, we'll definitely let you know!
t home talking about #thehauntinghour It looks like it's the talk of the town right now.
i look down for a sec and theres already 48 new tweets.
I don't love em... I don't chase em ..I duck em!
Pianta: teachers' skills/knowledge on effective teacher-child interactions increased with professional development training
hey thanks for following :) would you have happened to check out our music yet? :)
I love your pic you are one fine woman, I can't stop looking at your pic
La la ri la ri la ri la la!!! if you #sing as well as I do then you need to join www.shastic.com ;)
Wow! Wish I was there, the weather in KC can't seem to make up its mind!
I think OKC missed a huge opportunity in not naming their basketball arena the Thunderdome.
we're tweetin partners now!
Have a happy 4th of July weekend Be sure to take a minute to search me R. Shamar "The Minister of Motivation" on iTunes Rhapsody or Napster
The reasons why the Maya disbanded are apparently in their artwork. But, since no one knows how to read the glyphs or view the images..well.
walking along the Amstel- recording church bells, passing bikes, waterfowl, canal resonances...
I'm good u and sorry for late reply
Thank you to Bogey's Family Fun Park for donating a Family Fun Pack to our "Catch a Wave" gala on March 20th! /via
I live in Birmingham, only 1 hour by rail! My sofa is always welcome to any #Packers fan.
watch out! Whiskey jam tonight starts 8ish until 12..winners!
The #Obama Administration: "creating a one-way tunnel of selected disclosures and thus propagandizes the citizenry while glorifying itself."
you are so AWESOME always taking the time to talk to us fans and give stuff away! Wish I was in SD! I would love 2 meet you♥
A corporation's first aim is to make money. Government's primary job is to take a big chunk of that money and give it to others.
American Idol Recap: Who Did Jennifer Lopez Call &#39;Best Singer... In 50 Years&#39;?
I want it just ONE more time....from you, and you, and YOU...maybe twice
guys this really sucks but we will no longer be playing in Jacksonville this weekend : (.
Passing notes with him in class and everyone is wondering what we are talking about
Thanks!RT : Happy #FF to some of our fav wedding peeps ::
Hillbilly swagger. Straight up mountain thug. LMAO Only in
Thats going to be a very long line.RT : I can't wait to kiss at midnight tonight, Beth will have to get inline
I need a lil bad chick on my side,real talk but intell then I'mma be doing me
The joke is on you since "April Fools Day" doesn't really exist !!!
are u talking about Baylors jerseys?
yes! Sweet goal! Who u with?
my niece asked, " tete what's your favorite thing to do?" i said, " smoke weed !" y'all should've seen her face lmao !
what?! so stoked!!
another cloudy morning in melbourne, i thought it was spring down here?
damn i left my cup!!!
I love metallic inks and cool coatings - UV's, varnishes
Hmm. Got to look at my messages. Extremely pleased at who left me messages (:
hey so other than trying to find evidence of ghost what do you like to do for fun
RT Is not every moment perfect, if not compared to any other, or subjected to the burden of past and future?
RT : Marketers now encompass essence of what a traditional publisher is a curator, leader and voice.
The Smithville Royals 11U Fall baseball team won the Championship game going 4-1. Congratulations to the 10U Storm Fall team as well.
if either of you ever look like a potato then i am a malnourished troll
snow has stopped in Summit County but not before we got another decent layer, great turns this weekend!
If you do not go after what you want you�ll never have it
I wasn't that drunk. Dude you stood in my fireplace screaming "Diagon Alley!"
From LA & NYC, it's Joshua Leonard, Mitch Goldman & Mary Pat Bentel of "The Lie"-welcome!
it's okay for me cos I have 2 brothers and a sister, but you know. Sometimes you miss mixing with different people.
Normalize *all* the taxonomy words? YES. Normaliy ALL the taxonomy words.
Don't see a DM - let me know where I should go. Thanks!
Uh it's snowing?
Turkey cheese melt with an egg on top. I could think of worse things for lunch.
Hey, got the last track at a rough mix...looking for my phone! Whats your email. I'll send
Ditto RT : What???? RT : You must be stoked if rumours of The Wire coming back are true?
We open at 9pm now! No happy hour. But more fair prices on our regular menu including our $3 Snow Cones.
Bored with nothing to do
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Putting together care packages for the troops with items collected from local insurance agents! Love the holidays and our agents!
I'm all in and throwing caution to the wind! This Summer will be my greatest ever lived!
Come to Ale Mary's tonight at 8pm so we can get a picture of the bike filled up with people for the Balt Sun. We will buy you a beer!
nice to meet you too, Nelson (: so how old are you? (:
“: #DailyQuote “The most important relationship in your life is the relationship you have with yourself." ”
Today is a great day!
im gonna wait for the boy who kisses my forehead, who wants to show me off to the world when I'm in sweats,
Hey, how *are* users using genre terms? How can we make them more approachable? Great topic for a session!
I couldn't be happier about getting a nom....all his scenes made me cry.
I want to drive to the mountains and see snow.
Almost positive I just saw ludicrous.... In other news NYC is gorgeous today...
there is no possible way Patriots should be favored next year. Just bc your a pats fan doesn't mean u can say that every yr
Please? Gert and I will work on it together.
Thought-provoking: Ambitious people achieve more successful careers, but that doesn’t translate into leading happier or healthier lives.
not particularly.. Rare occurrence when I crave candy..
Very nice. Not what media says about Islam. MT #IslamMadeMeRealise value of women in our society & infinite respect they deserve
Okayy im in :D
Where are you at? I just moved here a few months ago & need to connect w/more females so I can have more of a night life here...
listen to the moon's quiet cry for peace.
Not crazy if you want to be a law librarian.
Midnight Diva Sushi Delivery Problems
I was JUST there last weekend lol
lol. Im putting dat in one of my raps.
so excited you are going on to next week of dwts!!! :-)
silent as a beetle....gosh ppl TALK!
RT : Only black people act like "dark skin" & "light skin" are two different races...
Hungry THo =( Well Atleast i think im hungry lol
“: it's like for your sex life! #technori” pretty good except, it's aimed at keepin her in love w you w ROMANCE
Any progress on the Stokes Friendly scarves?
to the BBTF Team... Happy Holidays, we really love you guys, thank you for all the hard work and laughs. We are ready for an amazing 2012
can you just follow me already haha i love you even if you don't follow me (:
We were in the press lounge/pit most of acl!Why didnt we hang out?Last day I was selling my halos for my doc trip to Liberia
My sis has two extra tickets for Wilco in Madison. You want them? I
because I have an iPhone 4s dude
NAN awards dinner with .
Sign up for private acting classes now..a few of our best are offering...www.yatkids.org. 317-614-5057
Hahaha. Me too! I ask Nick to tell me what happens, but he won't. Jack's the greatest! Nick's not too shabby either. Haha. :)
Thanks for hosting a great open house tonight. Informative Q&A with & fun to network w/ all the entrepreneurs.
Yeah, isn't it wonderful?
Holy crap is the ALA site AWFUL. Somehow I got registered and reserved a hotel. But I never got a receipt for my membership payment
Amazing when is the Accidental Affair in Los Angeles?
is playing for Germany again today. Number 18.
Ew. Gotta leave for school in 10 mind.
Log into Gmail in browser, go to Email Settings>Forwarding & POP/IMAP, then turn Auto-Expurge on. That should let you delete.
co-worker looks like a creature from star wars (acts like one too)
Screw Tebow its Brady Time!!!! <3
Spring cleaning isn't just for @ home. Go through old files, make sure important ones are backed up, and organize your office
and pay! He's had final 4's vacated before. No doubt this one joins the list. Where there is smoke, there is fire.
I can't believe the rain moved here so quickly!!
haha yeah after a point its hard to go back. The D800 looks solid
Dip was the loudest nigga in the building
Happy Birthday to my sweet husband!!!
You get my mention re: your persistence policy?
...but it doesn't feel like they should get to own that. It's strange to think of emotional reaction as a space that can be crowded out...
doing great though. Hope the same for you!
Hey, ITG is where I cut my teeth, with !
currently living in Tampa but moving to LA in a couple of weeks. So, somewhere in between :-)
It's a #good feeling, to possess the #confidence in a #positive future. It's not a 24/7 event, but it sparks when it shows.
and here come the
SSP conference begins with thought leaders on innovation, globalization, and collaboration.
full body cringe.
Mention me
Yes. Tater Tot Gonzales; tater tots, bell peppers and cheddar cheese. I'll be sure to make a vegan one for you later in summer.
like...you're a TV company. Make better TV.
Good Night ♥
Ashton Kutcher Shows Many Faces in Popchips Ad Campaign - New York Times (blog)
Remember that Beach Boys episode of Full House? I think they performed with Jessie and the Rippers
NICE You tell him
Thought you was talking about the pic I just posted My bad...
thanks for the retweet and congrats on the great new song!
nice typewriter man
we are family
in fact I don't think you can run two candidates from the same state but I would have to look into it.
Boykin quote: Don't change teachers thinking to lead them to act, act teachers into changing their thinking.
what have you been up to?
Officialy hates migrains and says no to being sick!
Thank you for following me, i look forward to reading your thoughts on learning technologies, Rob.
me neither
No prob! Good luck :)
Come on nd DO IT!
why are you in your office right now???
RT : The guy changed his name to STRATAGY! Can't make this stuff up. No one would believe it.
LOL RT : sure, but wearing bacon like a badge is not recommended in bear contry...or around me. :)
Happy Thanksgiving from your Church Brothers family!
i wanna laugh.. ^_^
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I was so poor I didn't have a teddy bear, I had my sister. I still bit her nose off though.
Swisher or Vega?
Moving back to Plainfield
Love that! Happy mother's day to you and your momma.
Not suggesting that; Tim Hightower is on the board. Still, a conscious decision to pick an SD band for music + show Ryan 1st.
Night night
Time to put this Netflix app to work and wait for someone to come get me since I dont have a spare x__x
I was out of paper bags so I put butter all over her face...
There is a bird making the most beautiful morning chirps next to me outside this sunrise. I wish I had a bird chirp app to identify it
Work work work! :) writing songs today
oh god they must have known I was reading that in math class! Especially that toad...
yeah they are! :-)
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-12
I don't see you for a couple months and you turn into a fun runner? P.S. I challenge you to a bike race!
I sure hope so.
Listening to Adele- Someone like you! <3
I was too!(: they just gotta stay positive. And be happy for the people that meet him<3
Their new arena deal is a losing deal. People say the attendance issue is because they aren't good. It because NorCal is full of ghosttowns!
You can sleep when ur dead
KU by far, lifeless.
Show your support for independent artists!
Is at the Big House watching U of M put it to UMass! Go Blue!
Swamp fingers
KUEEN OF KRUNK NEEDS YOUR HELP & SUPPORT LOOK HER UP ON YOUTUBE UNDER TERRIEANNKUEEN1 OR KUEEN OF KRUNK....SHE DESERVES SO MUCH
What does DET think the Brewers are a bunch of candyasses
Great practice tonight, loved your yoga pants.
Killed a brown (deadly) snake on our driveway last night. Summer is here with spiders, snakes and mozzies. Australia in the summertime...
thanks for having #NewMexico in your heart. #teamNewMexico . See you in the future.
If this is what you call crushing my career...I feel sorry for you lmao
Greetings and welcome to the community that's all about software quality and performance.
Its hard to find the non-GMO Project Verified foods I wish there was better labeling in the store. Nudge.
Thanks for the RT! I could also learn a lot from you when it comes to
one of those has BBQ
Follow us on Twitter CPH_Naz
then get here!
We may come!
after hearing the sound check, it's going to be amazing!
If happy after did exist I wish to be holdin you like this- Maroon 5
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear "That makes you fat."
I love the library, I seem to not procrastinate as much
that's always wise with a Marvel movie :)
Torn about an emergency fund verses retirement? Do both. A Roth IRA can help you save money and still allow withdrawals in case of emergency
#HEATLTHY EATING IS THE RIGHT THING TO DO
did you check on my video? Go to Facebook.com/ciroc74 and add me and there's a video on there.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #journalist because he's a seasoned veteran and has well-honed his craft!
Is there a Revert button in the Create Invoice screen in QB for Mac?
Exploring the future of work at re:working conference in NYC
Song of the Day: - Wild (In Reverse)
i made a new friend with (;
lol lazy ass
Lesson 3 from - be who you are. There is simply no time for split personalities.
Is that the royal we? ;-)
I just took quite the slip, slide, tumble through Jordan Hall. Thanks for nothing wet flip flops.
The photos of poor patient-student-computer setup are hilarious.
Copters over the reactor remind me of annoying gnats over a festering sore...
Logic and the history of knowledge suggest extend relativity, then 1 and 2 are somewhat answered.
ok send me a plain ticket lol
Conference Registration will open at 12 noon.
How many panels this year were about health? Compared to last year?
really I'm honored to do so :)
I may have to move if the #LAKINGS win the cup
im leaving from nashville to go to St. Augustine then Alpharetta on the way back
"Let's get hammered and sickled!" - Stalin in college
True very true
#HonestyHour -- I lost contact with some of my highschool close friends .
lol I meant melky!! I hate all the Cabreras in baseball they confuse me.
I try so hard not to be jealous but it doesn't work out in my favor
I never really listened or seen the video to Run The World ( Girls ) before ..
I was telling Carolyn how hysterical I think you are! Can't wait to meet you in July!
cleaning my room nd i found couple of gars, do you knw im rollin up
Why do you have to fuck EVERYTHING up?
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!26
Did you know muscle pain and weakness can be a symptom of vitamin D deficiency?
So tired & my feet are killing me.
it makes my fingers hurt sosososo bad. :(
Tonight I am thankful for the spring thunderstorms that came with hail an inch around. There's something beautiful in that.
If Mayweather win he apart if illuminate
You're only as good as your last haircut.
This bar has so many dudes in it that a girl in a wheelchair can get serious action
#sidechickbirthdaygifts Goggles and a Protein shake
im grt my kiss right lmao
Happy St Patricks Day!
Just added - full band show Monday 3/12 at The Auslander in Fredericksburg, TX with Ted Russell Kamp.
#wod2: Pilates at with
Praise the Lord! Truck passed state inspection w/ no extra problems!
Juice incredible job tonight brethren
CONGRATS!! News 4 Emmy nominated for Nat'l Championship Air Races crash; Only station in Reno getting Emmy nom for 2011 news coverage
going to hone my spiritual ninja powers. AKA eating mushrooms on the beach.
Wanna be the official #Austin hotel of this year's festival? Give us a shout!
Learning communities, e.g. are key to independent learning. at
Presidents day weekend plans? Heading to to pick up a few gifts, then finish an art project w/ an octopus as center stage!
Whatever! I didn't get my reading done, I was too busy fighting with my ex! ): Can I still have some cookies... (:
I sent you the trade proposal.
MEGA MILLIONS!! Who's going in the pot with me again??
Kony 2012. Everyone please retweet this and spread the word. Do it for the kids.
If U are ever in downtown Littleton CO check out one of my favorite stores, The Chocolate Therapist. If you're not nearby, go to their site.
