Blue Mountain State >>>
Whats up Star! How are you today?
Hey. In today's earlier post were you explaining why OPS is good, or what? Said OPS is bad...but power, OBP good. What.
its easier to ask forgiveness than to ask for permission.
Lights down, let's DO THIS THING. If you start coughing, you'd better be on stage looking for a candle to be lit.
#thingsthatineed some inspiration!
she's scared of black ppl...every time a black person walks past she gets scared...she only sat cause she's between her parents
Thanks ! :D hhaa
Thanks for the follow!
Hey man how am I suppose to finish this memo?
"Midnight in Paris" domestic box-office now $30 mil, worldwide now $57 mil.
if something is difficult, it is usually good 4 u; if it comes easy, reanalyze; it might not be the best thing 4 u...there are exceptions
Just finished up a great night of workouts. Back in the office returning emails to coaches and getting ready for a conference call.
Good job AMARE! You really came through for us tonight - NOT!
": Did you study for the test? Nerd: "Yup, all week long" Normal people: "I looked over it last night" Me: "we have a test?""
I keep six honest serving men (They taught me all I knew);Their names are What & Why & When & and How & Where & Who.
i like it, but what exactly is it?
#ThingsIReallyCantStand two faced annoying ass people.
Making going to bed early on a Friday feel less crapy by playing dance music in my apartment.
Looking forward to our neighborhood block party/BBQ tonite! Not as warm today as I'd hoped, but at least the dust storm has passed.
Tonight 7:00 PM: Laurence Hobgood Trio at the Jazz Kitchen. Live music 7-10 PM. $20. Featuring a live music performance with Ernie Watts
aren't you sending me the #walkingdead link?
So heated right now cant trust people sometimes like dude not even a month yet
HEy im trying to follow mour people and it wont let me
I sent u a contact request. Go get on Skype and I will call you.
RT A4: I don't mind digital galleys, but I'd like to have some physical object to share with booksellers to remind them to get them.
I at least try to give people a chance but that nigga......NO
Daily Special, Tue 04/03/12 - Thick cut, pan fried pork chop w/ dressing, mashed potatoes & gravy, and green beans. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
#breaking NATO says a bomb has killed three of its service members in eastern Afghanistan. No word on nationalities.
Teamwork, transparency, and trust - critical elements in any business (Judith M. von Seldeneck, CEO of Diversifed Search).
Glad to hear! We'll have to compare notes. RT I was just at Firing Line this past Saturday… ;)
I know life is going to change, but why does it change so quickly?
What is this fucking weather ?!
Congrats to the 22 MDC EnTec grads who received FPL letters of employment this morning at MDC's Homestead Campus!
lmao u a trip
that was a hot track!
I like the deals posted by ... Follow and RT if you love #deals and love to #save money!
I will wish good things for him and for you too that somehow you find him.
COM Theory and Visual COM. Two very content heavy classes
Just one more reason why Mondays suck. Even the coffee doesn't want to go to work.
ahh, such is the crowd that day. We'll see you bright and early for some boxty, beer and soccer. 7am open again this year?
i've literally been on the phone with AT&T for 3 hours today and they finally figured out what was wrong with my internet. So frustrating!!
LOL! If "IT" is a SECRET and you have to pay to get it... Do I have to say it? ENOUGH SAID!
Gentlemen who open doors for you are
Smile: tell me you love me let me see who u really are not some cover up. Ur amazing. Im glad that god brought u into my life
I WAS JUST TRYING TO KNOW U SORRY .....
damn, that looks good! who won?
I cant wait till this school years over!
im goin to do some jogging this evening, need to take advantage of this heat while its still here and sweat it out......ooooweee
***Wind is howling here in Abq, too - 30-40mph. Can you say bad hair day?
Just announced! First band ever to play at the BMO Harris Pavilion is, wait for it...The Steve Miller Band.
Let's hope the day goes by quick!! 
70% of consumers look at online reviews prior to purchase but only 14% look at advertising
If u nurture ur mind, body, & spirit, ur time will expand. U will gain a new perspective that will allow u 2 accomplish much more. BKoslow
PIP is the greatest invention ever, at least for today.
#mcdonalds #coffee is amazing
Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton most equivocally do not speak for me.
Enjoying a glass of #Cabernet on the patio while the beef bourguignon cooks #nomnom. The whole house smells good! Love this Life! <3
BBN ... Welcomes the newest cat J.Mays. GO CATS!!!
Field trip tomorrow to see the hunger games 👍 mrs barker is the best.
These guys take all the lying and deceit to a whole new level in this day and age. Makes it hard to cast an honest vote.
A tweet devoted to While She Sleeps
Good to meet you in person! Good luck with your event on 7/27!
Good Morning Twitches!!!!
When this baby comes out, it better drag my diabetes out with it.
all we can do is wait
hey Jacob you gonna come jump with us first?!
Hearing all this talk of Kardashians and how much they're getting paid for the next 3 seasons is CRAZY!
Poletown, Corktown, Mexicantown - all our neighborhoods and the amazing people who live here.
Fairbanks' 13th Annual Museum Day is full swing. We've been told our question is "tricky." *WEG* ;-p
you wasnt even gone tell me uy changed ur twitter name.. worst cousin
Come on, Detroit Tigers!! Take down these Texans!!
…ew, stop that.
I get my tattoos done @ ICON n midtown, by a guy named James Robinson love his work, as for my hair there's a ton of places
OK, thanks! I'm adding a comment to it now.
season 6 is only 11 episodes!! Help trend Mr and Mrs bass! Please :)
As a childless adult who still gets jam on everything when I eat it, I can confirm that this day may never come.
MITT ROMNEY made his small joke on the college student as if they couldn't make their own decision. NOT funny when you lose their VOTE.
OED thesaurus: "Professor Christian Kay, 69, one of four co-editors, began working on the book in the late 1960s when she was 27."
Now that Amy Winehouse is gone, what are her two back up singers doing? Those boys have the funk! Like The Black British Blues Brothers!
LOL. Well, I say makes you look like you gotta be HOT but I'll go with black and bald... :)
Today's one of those days. Just to reflect on what's going on in life. RT if it's the same way for you.
Oppenents hitting .150 vs starters in that stretch MT : #Brewers starting pitchers have 6 straight quality starts 1.62 ERA
yes it is! I feel more alert!
i am using correct grammar you f-u-c-k-i-n-g smartass w-h-o-r-e
Thanks so much for the mention this morning we're honored to be included.
I've been thinking along similar lines, but suspect my colleagues would react similarly. Good on you for fighting the good fight.
“Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self.” ~Jean-Luc Godard
me too
Seeing my ex with someone uglier then me - the best feeling ever
Ryan Hinze with an RBI double for East, Middleton still leads 11-4
good and just sitting here
HAHAHAHAHAHA!! We both so cute ;)
Everything I want on ModCloth is ALWAYS OUT OF STOCK.
Your story is so inspirational I keep watching soal surfer over and over again:)
THE FUCK BRAHH ??? u like never tweet anymore :(
Nah, I don't watch anything new. I wait until everyone's bored w/ it and then watch all available eps over the course of a week
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
A gal who doesn't mind a little fish slime on her hands=sexy! :)
Aw, well thanks for being a pokemon squirtle fan back in the day !
es i might do my cover like austin mahone do his in im from Detroit
The Curved Dash Oldsmobile had a single cylinder engine, tiller steering and chain drive. It sold for $650.
Remember when Ari had 400k followers and we tried trending Ariana500k? Yeahh now look at how many she has now.
Thank you, , for bringing the mediocrity of sausage/egg/cheese biscuits to the vegetarian masses. I am whelmed.
I'm pretty sure is responsible for my addiction to
It' s true that we should accept others for what they are and all that.but what about self improvement and ambition?I proudly bully myself
RT Willing to pay slightly higher reg fee to have wifi next year? Please retweet! NCTE, are you listening?
RT : ESPN says Arizona and Denver favored to land Peyton Manning, but Vegas still have Dolphins as betting favorites.
I feel like I'ma throw up.
MY HEART IS STOPPING!!!
Some Tweet love for you from Minnesota....
Royals on their way to winning two games in a row going #HAM now on the MLB
Game time #Buffaloes! Keep the stampede going. #Shouldertoshoulder!
Thank god 4 another day!!!
Thank you to everyone who contributed to our May 9 Day of Giving campaign!
omg yes it was!! Poor Dickson :/
Filling in for the great Steve Leader on morning show. Snow and police shootings. Should be fun!
both films are very strong...Michael Kalish
Thanks, Jared. Hear there's going to be a good crowd of Young Dems next weekend, too. Appreciate your support in
Omfggggg my feet hurt
So terrible! RT #blackhawks just loaded #Hossa into ambulance, still no movement. Scary
Believe me, I'm already far too distracted to even think about this paper...
i could go for some starbucks right about now.
World's highest webcam brings Everest to Internet www.evk2cnr.org/WebCams/PyramidOne/everest-webcam.html
All of you guys who follow us are just awesome!
jin! no! emily won't be there either! i'll look like i don't have friends. ohwait,,
Understand when your spouse needs advice vs. simply needing support. Before trying to problem solve, really listen.
OK! I take it back. Now that Young Adult finished. It all came full circle. It was Pretty good. Super insightful.
Let's see how today goes.
thanks!!! right back at ya <333
anyone in LA recommend a good studio for TV type interviews?
Guess i picked a bad time to take a piss.
Record sounds DOPE Toni! If youre still looking for more material I got some records with your name on em :O)
The only thing that makes getting up at 5am bearable is that I am done at noon.
Bart's still a badass & he's going 2 come back frm this w/ serious vengeance! Still proud 2 train in the same building as Bart!
Ever have a skin rash on your face that only heals on one side so you look like a bizarro Greek tragedy mask? No? Me neither.
NaLee a fresh new mermaid trilogy
sorry it took so long to get back to you . They do this because they have not really been called .
Looking at more used cars today. I hate car sales men when they are pushy.
exclusivity when it comes to media will always makes the exclusive outlet more money. I think "cheating" is a red herring.
is now a member of !!
The great birthday wishes are overwhelming!!! Thank you very much to everyone!!!! I feel the love
Fairly unproductive day today.. much like yesterday... Which was exactly what I needed.
Need something to do today wanna spend some money # on myself:) I love me .........
When life hands me problems I take Steve Miller's advice & fly like an eagle.
TRAFFIC: Moving Lane Closures - EB Belt on the Yahara River Bridge, starting at 9am
The funniest part about running an all-uphill 10K is nearly falling forward on your face when back to level ground.
Hate being sick smh.
Headshot Discount only for my twitter followers. Spread the word. Save $50-140. Email me with subject "twitscount" for the details.
RT : Hey #Baltimore check the Baltimore Magazine today for a cool article we did together!
,what where?
this girl was finna kill over some Taco Bell -________- wow
try our new turkey wrap with cherry chutney.
Great inspirational video. I am small but I linked it to facebook. Good Luck Sgt.! I am sure you will go far.
: These photos belong in a magazine! So cute.
“…the highest social development of mankind is not possible.” ‘Abdu'l-Bahá [2/2]
caffeine and blasting tunes on lala - I almost don't feel sick anymore
Coming attractions: Government of the PAC, by the PAC, for the PAC. #whathappenedtomyvote?
hmm...man sitting next to me at clinic tells me he's here for gas problems, then asks me on a date tonight. smh.
John..have a great weekend..
&#39;Preemptive’ measures will accelerate tainted product identification - USDA
My horoscope says that this month i should be looking for a relationship. lol
Wow you can't help anyone out because its bad now.
new phrase I hate "roll out" Schools say 'we're rolling out c.core APPR DASA' Reform is not the British Monarchy. Change is what you make it
Try something new - Looking forward to digging into some code for iOS development this week.
Such sad news about Whitney Houston, her voice will be missed. RIP.
Temperature dropped drastically, only in
even tho im not nxt to u and this happinin i want u to know im here for u
: Seen it many times... was drunk and 'twas my first time with SS, HD and not in a theatre.
I want to make it a personal goal to be in one of your all CAPS congrats tweets.
really? It made her my spouse o.O
A7. Scottsdale, AZ: desert air, glow of Camelback at sunset, clear starry nights.
Actually kind of busy as a #fridaynightlibrarian tonight!
Anyone else super glad there's finally going to be a new bachelorette in the mix instead of the used up characters?
Agreed. &quot;: It&#39;s rainy, cool and Monday. Perfect time to cozy up by our fires with a good book.&quot;
hahahahahahahahaha #cardinals v
Single for christmas who would have thunk it... I guess there really is a first time for everything!!!
LIVE LAUGH GRANDE is now TT let's do this #Arianators let's get this on the Top Promoted Trend List
HF advances to the STATE CHAMPIONSHIP tomorrow at 1 30
Money is the move
& yall were so close
Finally getting around to setting up Twitter! Hello world!
Believe RT : Taking time out to salute everyone truly going after their goals and dreams.
Hungry at dis air port doe
count your blessings. You could be watching Anderson.
I been good. Haven't spoken to you in a while.I miss you
HAPPY*HUMPS*
shred brother!!!!!
ZoeBeats.Com <<<Go Now!<<<<<< Listen/Lease/Download/Leave comments!
I'm doing the same thing ! Besides the awesome ski part!
Thanks for follow. I think we have a lot in common biz-wise. Follow me please
I WISH I HAD SOME GUMMY BEARS RIGHT NOW!!!
“There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.” J.R.R. Tolkien
A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts. – Richard Branson
"I'm gonna nibble on your cheddar bunnies... Ladies."
Shout out to all my new followers... I appreciate you!!!
thinking about each other at the same time? i think so.
Confirmed: was at the 2short and 2pac concert in Stockton, Cali. Legit! 1996. I'm old school!
<~ gave me the idea 4 this new hash ~>
I just wanna F.
#ff the daily deal Experts special edition:
Putting out an album is more about the campaign plan than the music, there are too many folks with good music but NOT a good plan to sell it
BYE GUYS IM LEAVING FOR BCT I'LL BE GONE FOR 2MNTHS SPEAK TO YOU SOON.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill
Are people who are obsessed with productivity more productive than the rest of us? Correlation / causation?
another lonely Christmas ........ #smh:/
What's up Homie?
You know what the Mormans say: "the more the marrier."
Catch us at the Epilogues and at Washed Out tonight. We'll be trying to convince you to come see us with Real Estate at The Gothic tomorrow.
Bummer. Give us some notice next time and I bet we could talk and into meeting at the Hofbrauhaus.
I'll just stick with Kensy on NCIS LA! She leaves more to the imagination.
tomorrow!!!!!!!! Whoop whoop #jumpingmode :-)
n.p bro . You know I love you . .
Ah!A day without internet sucks.../:
The universe will reward you for taking risks on its behalf- Shakti Gawain
Would anyone like to see me in the talent show?.
So happy for my guy just got off the phone with him he had a great workout with gulf coast hard work pays off. PROUD
Follow-up Question from Sunday Worship: If you’re lonely, think about someone else who may be even lonelier. How will you form new...
No absolute #linsanity this time, but Rubio wilts like a delicate flower down the stretch and Novak nails the biggest shot.
Altmetrics, datacitation, open access and supporting e-publishing.
By the way check out his song Beth I recorded on www.youtube.com/oksanabella
I want to develop television shows. Just don't know how to get into it.
but it's dr pepper
WTFYS RT THIS IS THE YEAR OF THE DREADS
oh well, at least my belly is okay.
Headed to Cap 21 Spring Gala!
Will you get to jump in the lake? RT : I wants to go to the lake this weekend
Thomas Alva Edison~ Hell there are no rules here - were trying to accomplish something.
Just wanted to say you always sound really great on the vocals & we're startin' to gel on the guitfiddles. Great team!
yes not giving up ok
Thank you for the introduction! Hello - looking forward to connecting!
LUUUUUUUUR!!! RT : Go Big Red! RT : Wisconsin senior Jon Leuer has been named to the USA Men's Select Team.
Bullshit is the greatest American contribution to the arts. You can't fight bullshit with art. You can only fight it with better bullshit.
$ECDC technical alert target range .011
Knock KnockWho's there !C's !C's who ?C's the day !
I agree, like I said, by far not a 5-star prospect, but I think he can be a decent career backup. Seneca Wallace type.
Faded Faded Faded Faded Faded in my tyga voice lmfao
Thanks to and for coming out tonight and seeing my Stand Up at Carolines! Blessings!
is there anyway my sister and i could meet the team after the game?? #justaskin :)
If your love language is receiving gifts, then I am not a good friend to have.
Hopefully power comes back on. Foxboro is still dark
OMG i DIDN'T KNW YOU had a boyfriend.???
Guitarist/vocalist Roland Van Espe performs at Shaffer Fine Art tonight on First Thursday 6pm to 9pm free admission www.Shafferfineart.com
real talk...
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE DON'T DO WHAT THEY SAY!!!
Thanks, John!
is tired of this dude at work licking his lips at her. Dude has a face like Snuffy from Sesame Street.
Helping Write her Sonqq.. It's qoinq really well.
Be sure to get here early tomorrow for ! The first 100 through door gets limited poster & a chance to upgrade seats to 6th row!
Clearly living on a diet of hard drugs.
ugh so annoying-_-
my bestie jus chose a game ova me -__-
I wont be gone the whole summer though. I still gotta spend time with my niggas as well.
Something Borrowed ☺
just say when doll and me and are there ;)
me too! best day of the week
@ LA Fitness 💪
Maybe she is a little weird. But so are most people. Shes relatable to so many people, she spreads love worldwide!
That song is the best
Today is April 17th - end of tax season! Thanks to all of our outstanding employees who've been working so hard!
tell them who you want pretending you loved what she did last time. then it's more of a compliment than a diss.
yeah okay imm shoot you then Bang🔫
my brother took all of these on my mom's phone omfg
announced that Prince Harry would not be sent to Iraq with his regiment due to "specific threats" from insurgents.
or mixed!! RT I would be horrified to see a film I had shot projected at Regal LA Live.
Last night at Stern school as a guest lecturer at "The Business of Sports" class. Got to be in a room full of bright, engaged folks. fun
Who wanna tango???
"In my distress I cried unto the LORD, and he heard me." Psalm 120:1
#Baltimore Bound
Well, Mother of The Year is not in the cards for her.
Well... I was at the record store yestaerday and I picked up the new Misfits album... not sure why... maybe it was out of morbid curiosity.
Old news, old news!
🌺Facebook ,Dead ;Is Twitter Cracking ' I can't get no sleep ... 💛💚💜❤#Who woke ?!
I live in a bubble on the weekends.
the greatest city that has ever been or will be!
Hey #CBS what the heck? Showing a replay during the final seconds if play.
A title 4 Man City is a victory 4 underdog teams owned by the richest man in the world everywhere.
they belong to my buddy from work. 11 cars. 5 rx-7's. It's madness.
im not talking about that guy we were talking about the other one i told you about in p.e...
what moisturizer do you use for your face? Coconut oil?
what video?!
FUDGE backwards is EGDUF.
it would probably sound like no other!
do you have a job
Music Arts Free Bluegrass Music Jam - Explorer News Music & Arts Free Bluegrass Music Jam Explorer News Repeats every month on the 3rd Su
I love Kyrie Irving. Is that gay?
I'm glad she did. Nice to meet u.
I still havent seen 's #BOYFRIEND video :( i really need to! Send me a link?
Hungry like the (Guitar) Wolf
Let Jesus set a fire in your heart... that will cause even the Devil to pass out!
Congrats to on winning a VIP card
Today while it was sprinkling, a DUCK waddled up my driveway. You don't see that everyday! Blackjack the cat was mezmerized!
we'll see if i feel like it fatty
#TILTS symposium 2 approaches: Mar 10 reception features digital art by Lawrence McFarland, Ricardo Meleschi, Trey Ratcliff, & Ali Miharbi!
For some reason I've seen a lot of lesbians today.
Go get 'em! Have a great gig y'all! Xoxo
haha love that!
your name in my phone .. Disssss bitch
i guess you dont miss me you number still the same
chilling bored wats up with u
Cool, thanks. I can use that. But it's a problem of translation, not an absence of function.
Forgive me if I'm hearing the Jefferson theme in my head -- my likes keep "movin' on up"! Thanks
If I could choose any way to destroy the world, I'd delete Google
When we're constantly wishing for something, we overlook everything we already have.
I already read Boneshaker and didn't like it as much! I love Nurse Mercy in this one- she is one feisty lady!
we're breathing the same American air fbsksgdhsjwvdicvwsgx
Goodnight fuck my homework (:
“: Redz really stressing over these centennial fees *points and laughs*”
anyone here on that lives in New York City? close to canal st?
That was a SWEET collision.
nice! I'll definitely be cranking that tonight haha
Thanks for the blog reco, We heart the official EMP blog!
Ratings go through the roof.
I liked that story!
i get home, eat, go on tumblr, eat, tumblr, eat, tumblr, sleep. i have an exciting life
partying, duh
Not being critical...as a gfted specialist for 10 yrs, I found that often, we expect kids to fit our system...not vice versa.
I like that name.
"Pee" you soon....? Thanks spell check... #notintothatfetish EROCK
can't wait to hear some of the new tunes, I hope all is well brother, I'll c ya next week @ crs
yea I know...
That awkward moment when everyone else stopped laughing 10 minutes ago, but you can't seem to stop.
Today's gonna be a beter day
Yes, I know is closed on Sundays, but the after hours package drop was locked, carted all 3 packages to another, with no drop box!
leave glendales team alone you fuckers
We build custom craigslist postings that get noticed and have a very high click percentage. Does your business take advantage of craigslist?
what was your most awkward experience in high school?
I hate being hungry but not having a taste for anything
I will have to try one of your yoga classes! What a great location to relax and clear your mind.
#Makesmelaugh how Brandon Inge is still trending and Nelson Cruz isn't. hahaha(;
did you get the championship right for tomorrow?
Good morning and happy Saturday!
hope #allaccess2012 is a blast!
Hahaha hopefully I'll run into you!
IMO, there's just a more widespread sense of zealotry here: "TX IS THE BEST OR GTFO!" "Ok then, Imma GTFO." "WHAT?! HOW DARE YOU?"
Y.O.C.O YOU ONLY CUTE ONLINE. HAHA
Ready to get wild tonight :)
What if the world valued musicality more than it currently seems to value connectivity?
That goes away if you go on another cruise.
let me stop before i get in my feelings again, lol
Thanks for lunch Jeremy. Looking forward to providing you and your company value.
Why on the coach? How about the Big 3 being accountable and making their $? Pro athletes are delusional about responsibility.
U r. Right
no ball today, this sucks but its for the better I need to rest..
Remember, remember the 5th of November. On this date in 1955 Doc Brown invented the flux capacitor.
It's a good thing she is retired then
Lip biting, Ass grabbing, Neck kissing, Whispering ..!
Hi! How are you?
A good song should lift your heart, warm your soul, and make you feel good.
What events are you looking forward to at your local Quaker Steak & Lube?
Bike ride + oncoming wind = feeling the burn.
MT : A3 Pro - going to crazy places. I just had a contract in northern Ontario. Got to go to Kapuskasing & Cobalt
I imagine you'll be regularly featured from this point forward.
We'll sell the Nexus but announcing a speculative or not final date would be a disservice to all customers.
They asked me to be on the list. But truly spiritual people are really humble. So I said no.
Peter Brantley takes the stage at
rinalinglinggg! HI JESSI! thanks for the follow! Happy Monday!! talk soon!
it was one of those runs, that I rarely have, where I feel strong and really happy the whole time... Yay me! 😁
We love VW "you're back" ad - then again we are suckers for most dogs in ads. The story within a story a nice unexpected touch!
OOOMMMGGG!! Studying & Preparing To Preach Tomorrow!! I CANNOT WAIT TO PREACH!! I AM SHOUTING!! Bright Star Church (735 E. 44th St. @ 11AM!)
Damn, He Stood Me Up. I Feel Unwanted =(
Hand-tastic! Love these changing colored polishes!
thanks! And because of your great contributions!
I thought maybe it was the Swag.....amiright ?
Drunk and high at the same time drinkin champane on the airplane!
#Placebo was nominated 4 "Best Director" & "Best Film" @ the Dusty Film Festival :) Congrats :)
haha you can ride the elevator with me!
#IfYouKnowMeWell then you know im very nice && I love to help ppl!
gets your goals together and figure what you want in life
RT : Robert Shiller in the FT on how delusional housing & mortgage markets undermine the economy - via Joe Haslam -...
Watching Let's do it again.
If you have any nice marketing ideas that might involve a classical concert, I hope you'll contact us. Cheers!
Happy birthday, Governor Martinez! Keep up the good work!
The Bad Plus hurts my head. Hurts so good.
My body is too tired! Not in the mood to go out
true. I think I was near that age when it came out and adored it
There is nothing wrong with being skinny. Don't give me that real women have curves bullshit. REAL women come in ALL shapes and sizes.
No, she doesn't. I've thought about doing that. Yeah, I'd be worried. That stinks. Have u talked w/ her allergist?
Medical miracle....Neil Patrick Harris is expecting twins !!!!
Hate to see Omar Bravo leave the team. He was definitely a favorite player of mine.
airplane #travel tip 4 #parents w/w #infants during takeoff/landing letting #baby suck on bottle/pacifier can help pressure change.
Don't sell yourself short!!!
Oklahoma City/Lakers series should be a dandy. Btwn Artest elbow and comments last night about "not shaking hands with subs."
had to be truthful with them. A little shameless plug for the Voice while I was at it!
WAIT WHAT?! WHERE?!
I hate dressing up so much. Banquets suck.
Wishing everyone a very Happy Easter! From all of us at Boyercom, have a restful day!
Hey guy can you please follow me ? i Follow back ! <3
sir will their be a mafia 3 because this game is a work of art,your like a devinci,if theirs not then aww man
you just have to press a buttom!
My Love <3
I've often thought about applying the bracket-style competition to various other aspects of life. Racist cities is good.
Desk job=not for me.
Women hit their sexual peak in their 30's. I'm looking forward to this, not dreading it. :D
You got it any time. :)
well they finally got on the bandwagon. That's actual news.
Please let us know what your needs are during the outage and we will assist.
how are you ? Happy mothers weekend :)
Tyson Chandler to Be Named Defensive Player of the Year
Sounds great! Keep us posted when you will be coming back!
But u never learn to let go unless u learn to fly
$ <-U can't touch this.
“: The best relationship is when you can act like lovers and best friend's at the same time.”
I love you
Finally getting some Dre Beats. (-:
I see loser(:
“: did u see tht text it's the same answer -____-” Doesn't even matter no mo' dawg don't tweet me dawg.
This "all the presidential candidates' moms" segment has gone on a little too long for me. Why is this an issue? Go back to policy
Friends aren't supposed to lie to each other.
Can't stop reading!
I don't mind cold... As long as there is no ice or snow...
this is exciting development!
Sam dekker is pure #ONIONS!!
dude tht movie was so sad. one of the 2 movies tht teared me up ahhahaah
Brent Hruska Nate Palin Jason Whitney David Wheeler and Adrien Lee - The Energy Fitness and Wellness Team!
I'm thinking about taking a two week vac. As soon as I hear from my buddy from FL. So I can set it up, what do you think.
should be back up layer today.
etch-a-sketch your favorite GOP politician
Great morning at St. Vincent De Paul Society!
There's gonna be a heartache tonight... a heartache tonight i know
Thanks for being my 450th follower! :)
Happy birthday wishes to former Athletic Trainer Randy Toth!
*Need Graphic Design?Global Elements has the best!*This Week: Business Card Design plus 100 Cards only $50.00!Call me 720-542-6105 :D
my bad boo I didn't know u was following.me I got u ma :)
The perfect solution for selling a home in this tough market and a great solution for buyers to buy new home! call today to learn how!
im doing good sweetie how are you?;)
Who wants a SHOUTOUT with love ?! RT THIS . FOLLOW for FOLLOWBACK
Tower of Terror!
did you just wake up or have you not fallen asleep yet? Becuase it is 6am in CA and I cannot sleep. >.<
Nothing like a race condition to start the day off right…
Great next time I'm home it's going down...I owe Philly a visit. RT - lol yeeeessss! I do! #IHOP :-)
My little sister singing Bed by J. Holiday -.- Why ?
Courage is ripping your heart from your chest and saying "here....hold on to this for me."
Can we get libraries to serve as the DH "hub" on our campuses?
So I always wonder who watches my keeks! RT this if you do :)
Can't sleep....miss him like it was the end of the world ♥
That's not a drop database kind of offense. That's a tool-around-in-the-yml-file kind of offense. Tuesday continued..
whats up shonda how are you
Thank you!! Sorry about the tag thing...Grr..It's like the pages are in a forcefield bubble!
Help Choose The Crewneck That LLR Will Be Releasing Very Soon. The One With The Most Votes Will Be Revealed This Friday!
iloveyou<3 did you ever see travis?
It's official: My old MBP is on the way out. The LCD screen is black and dead. To air or not to air, that is the question.
Just came on twitter and I got another DM from holland!!!!!!!!!! Ah ♥ ohmygoshhhh I lovee herr so muchh
hey kelsey, you should play it :-)
source of his power
hope you can make it to the profugos screening with regal cinemas Lincoln rd dir Pablo larrain will be there!
Glen Moray 12 year. It's a Speyside single malt. I've seen it for high 30's, so when I found it for $29, I picked up a bottle
Divas of Deviance TONIGHT! Shows @ midnight & 2am!! Also, $5 Entry for Locals per Thursday Night Locals Night!
Who tryna hoop today?
The best time for children to start learning to read is when they are very young, usually at the preschool level.
Yay gym partners! You know Penn Badgley is there too, right?
#Burlesque www.mondaynighttease.com/mnt/Sept_12th.html Isn't it about time you came? They will Trip the Light Fantastic Tonight!
sounds prefect <3
Sprint-Pyramid Workout:save the shorter sprints for lasts, resulting in a greater boost of metabolism + an increase fat burning...
"I give you bars if you need rhymes or reasons. Some people change it's a part of life, like seasons." Big K.R.I.T.
if we have a sub in 4th u shud skip ! Im not gnna be there btw.
- yeah, Durant is a monster. Westbrook has been playing really well. San Antonio seems to be coming on as well.
#GoodThingsInTheWorld Those Dorito Tacos From Taco Bell
fresh eggs spring day
No plans at the moment, is there a meeting I should know about?
All the time i wonder, why cant people just be smarter?
Thanks Joe for the RT, you rock!
i have a whole dialogue to memorize before 3rd period.
RT : Best news I've heard in a very long time!!
NO I WASNT! being drunk on a mule is not drunk driving the mule had no motor
YAY!! We love having our cheesecake at Ginkgo Coffeehouse!!! They were our first wholesale client!
your oatmeal is far more superior then i am sorry i cheated on your oatmeal this morning.
You can save time and money by learning the importance of the home inspection process.
How do you not get water all over the Hulu?
And he sounds sexy saying it!
we are at a 1990s rave at ND? No idea haha...
It's about time ! PS I miss you!
Idk why this gettin to me but it is smh. Its cool doe. Wait till this weekend...
When is Hellickson's next start and why did I follow your U Heard Me Column? (Obvi answer b/c I follow every word)
There is a very easy way to return from a casino with a small fortune: go there with a large one
oh yeah i forgot to mention that on my bday part of my tooth fell out. luckily it didnt hurt at all n just chipped off
Worked until 2am on CRANE. Watch it tonight on @ youtube #allwillberevealed and #VioletLawson deliver a superb performance.
I was in a couple shoots there a few years ago for you. It was hot then, bet it was even better this time.
Time to focus on more important things like #Brewers baseball ... and putting me together.
Not that you get any time to have a relationship as a company founder, even mobishu dog feels neglected.
Parties, good friends, dressing up, and finally the Tim Burton exhibit at the LACMA closing night! All I can say is: "This is Halloween!" :D
RT : 74% of #skiers or #snowboarders are regular #users of plateforms such as #Facebook or #Twitter ()
Really cool hearing on
tried out EZ>BUY for stickers: no luck. It didn't like renewal # or last name. Never had a problem renewing w. the old system.
awe Happy Birthday sweet girl!
In a rare bout of good news new (Continental's) online award travel site is WAY better than the old one. Booked 2 tickets easily.
dude. Had no clue he was on twitter. Must follow :-)
Reaching 400 followers soon!
“: 1 week from today I will be heard on-air with Mike Sargent on in New York City! Dreams do come true.” congrats!
If Im Not Following Just Just Tweet Me "Follow Back" KK
You will be missed! Enjoy showing DC how we get social in Detroit! cc:
#Obama at Metro Airport
ink deals: www.save20ink.com
guess whose cat spent 2 hours this morning locked in a closet again? (hint: starts with "s" and rhymes with "weenie")
“: Loll I'm waiting for everyone to start hitting up ” that's the exact same thing I thought haha
Pre happy hour w/ at Tonic
Just saw movie about Georgia O'Keefe. Very good.
So, now, I'm hungry. It's almost 1 a.m. local, and I'm in a hotel. Ordering food would take an hour. AUGH. #ReclaimWI?
wouldn't have made a difference if we weren't Ubaldoed.
rt if you wanna give vinny a kiss on the cheek one day
i know. but you'll be having an awesome time at pet calendar day! :p
yo message thing
Honestly, I want a dog so bad ;(
Meanwhile, PLANET EARTH already took her lessons and did her cha-cha, feeling super-thin...
But in all seriousness, I also proclaim that Wesley Willis beats both of them by miles. Oh, I went there again!
No parody here, son. We're the real deal. True Cubs fans who refuse to let Ryno get dissed by Ricketts & Co TWICE!
Sleeping on a pillow <<
I love Apple, but really, stop taking away our functionality (circa iCloud & Airport Utility). Why does Apple punish its own customers?
Anytime(: How are you?
you want to do yoga badly? Why would you want that? You might get hurt. ;-)
Tell CPUC not only R ratepayers not responsible4 SDG&E's fire damages,but we not not responsible for SONGS steam generator damages either.
The scars of your love remind me of us.
wouldn't know what hit him if he went out on the town with and I. Portland style episode of Entourage lol
think you should follow me..:) #Please!
thanks for the s/o!! Tonight should be a blast :-)
create. I do have to keep my frustration in check, or it'll turn into that kind of anger sometimes.
Great talk today by at
Page one rewrite.
got it bro!
I was only working with what you had said.
A good way to get out of a speeding ticket is to confess to a murder......just kidding! LOL
I won't be at the pub tonight, but the Spanish speaking channels are like 270-274 on our satellite. Tell Kenny to put it on for u
i emailed you
Looking forward to seeing the video about UVC at GC's Sunday evening worship 7:30p ET
Can anyone recommend World History books that have not been written by Americans or Europeans?
I want to sit around a camp fire with you guys as we hold hands and sing cumbaya.
ur welcom BEAUTIFUL !!:D and u will trust me on this one hehe ^.^
Cool, Stephanie! Have fun!
Great is our admiration of the orator who speaks with fluency and discretion. ~ Cicero
I swear i was feeling really energized before i got on the bus this morning... now I feel all fuzzy.
Ppl getting on my nerve.
The Barboursville wines are quite nice. Harmonious, distinct & downright tasty.
I dont even go on Twitter anymore... why is that?..
i just seen some bullshizz...........STOP lmao
RT : OMG! Just found out you guys are back to rock this planet. <3 UFB... please do come to Europe / the Netherlands
On a roll...auditioning for "Parks and Rec" today!
"Marketing IS everything. If your marketing plan isn't in line w/the strategic initiative, you've got a problem." - Mike Long
Recieved my Masterpiece Megatron yesterday. Instructions r in Japanese so I am terrified at the thought of transforming this lol.
The video game did SUCH a good job of the relationship between the Prince and Farah. They hate each other and stick together.
Mary from Toronto says There's a free bible in my room!
BAA advances to Semi-Finals, MA Theatre Guild Festival!!! AND 16 of our students won awards from Saturday's performance!
I should write a book about this...
pretty much the same.. procrastinating studying for finals haha
I just realized that I have been single for more than a year now. We!
In which puts on a hat and none of us recognize him.
#thingsthatpissmeoff when i'm doing something and someone tells me to do something else.
EVERYONE WHO KNOWS HOW TO DRESS TO IMPRESS HEAD OUT TO LONGBAR TONIGHT!:)
Alcatraz is a really cool experience. Also check out Fisherman's Wharf during the day. The seafood is fresh delicious.
thank you! :)
Me too chica ;)
I am currently in a social media class today so this tweet is my homework! Look for more interesting tweets in the future;)
RT : Now discussing the no-longer-published AAS Proceedings - which was, I confess, my favorite scholarly journal
oh ok then
in LA tonight at Let's see what's up w/ #headhunter nowdays
speaking of ... Jay Zawaski there Friday 2:30-4:30 for 670 viewing party for cubs. Anyone free? Giveaways .
SAP Targets 1 Billion Users And €20 Billion In Sales By 2015 - IT Jungle
Congratulations to Kenny Hayes who scored a Red Claws all-time high 52 pts - 2nd all-time in the NBADL's 11 year history!!
I don't know who Robert Mudlum is. Just saying,
I had an account, but no one followed it :(
Amazing how I know the Catholic Church made up the no meat on Friday rule, to help the fisherman, but still feel guilty eating meat. Bravo
Love has the power to transform any situation; you just have to choose to be happy rather than right.
morning! How are you?
no joke! Can't believe how fast it is going by. Crazy.
I've always used such terms as Marx defined them. Socialism as step to complete "equality" in Communism.
I bet so!! I would love to have that chance!
you guys have great communication skills
Tom &Jerry kids show? AWHHHHHHH the cutest thing ever 🐱🐭
I wasn't exactly awful...but I wasn't a natural either. The driving instructor recommended 20 (TWENTY!) 45 minute lessons.
A welcome to as new Arts Fuse advertiser: Requiem for a Generation is 4/2 at Symphony Hall + Dialogues of the Carmelites is 4/19-22.
yeah, I feel like a school girl with crush. Except it's more awesome bc if we wanna stay up late talking it's totally cool. :)
I'd think it was something in the water. Maybe someone eating something in the water and it spilled? Not sure though . . . scary!
Ah. Well, the Confederates could have used more farm shares as well. And I can't promise anything, metro-wise.
If we encounter a man of great intellect, we should ask him what books he reads. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“: Happy National Chocolate Chip Day!?!? Gotta support this one! m.”
When I grow up I'm gonna be a #MobileEtiquette teacher!
MARSHALLTOWN The Premier Line 742G Bucket Water Heater ...
Asked God to show me a sign and he sent me about 8 in the past two days 🙏
niall has a tattoo :D
Happy Sunday Friends! :)
your welcome😊. Next time you plan to stop by tweet us for our followers discount.
PinUps4RonPaul will be in Vegas 4 the Caucus Feb 3-5! We'll be signing calendars & telling people abt Dr. Paul. Any hotel deals?
just got my clown suit. it is fantastic. (bow)
Michael J Fox is SOLD OUT!
Finna get some pussy I think :)
Just saw the Avengers. One word...WOW. And saw it in IMAX 3D. DOUBLE WOW!!! A must see.
Nice, how did ICORE treat you? I will be done after tomorrow until Wednesday when summer school starts.
ha! Love it! Madonna word of the day lol
Your the MAN for ME?
Watching 35 & ticking! I cannot stand to be in hot heat so, the air is on in May (:
Resources have their own underground networks, even as they map relations between cities [think: production/transport of bricks].
is ready to rock it out tonight! Can't wait for you to hear these tunes tweeples!
When I get home I'm not going to know how to do laundry, cook, clean, or drive! All I'll be able to do is work out and dance!
Remembering Amy Winehouse. Listening to the Deluxe Edition of Back To Black.
idk yet its such a short notice haha.
Getting excited for our High School Conservatory in Aug. Email for more information.
Did #Tiger quit? WWW.ussportspages.com
Nothing beats working out after a long day at the office. Chest and abs. Hot yoga tomorrow.
god I have an awkward nose .
I agree. At least, if you're doing it for the "right" reasons it's not about that.
What kind of plane? 747? A380?
Listen to Your Mother-NYC now T-minus 24 hours. (give or take) Squeeeeee! Trying to remember to breathe!
u learning i know lol ha jp
Thanks for following us! Watch out for deals on out of pocket dental needs, our take on dental news and oral health tips!
The text messages I'm getting from my roommates are what I live for. If I could be half as hilarious as them, my life would be complete
You know you love your dog when: You plan your vacation around your favorite pet sitter....
#kids Neighborhood Art: Neighborhood Art from Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 9:00 AM to Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 2:00 PM Boyd Community Center...
The homies get drunk and wanna fight each other I don't get this shit but they will be coo in a couple days #HomieLove I guess
and this is why I don't like going to practice.. #fuckyou 😒
jimmy eat world. <3
Totally jealous! Have an amazing trip!
If Jelena did break up for real tho. I don't know what emotion I'm supposed to feel... Sad? Happy? Excited? Sad? omg confused.
it kind of looks like those horses are coming up out of a parking garage
MILF at the batting cages!!
TY for the RT! Were so excited to be here!
offensively but you just can't underscore how important Everett's glove during the Stros' run.
Does Sunglass Hut have a trade-in option? Could use some new sunnies.
Have gotten to meet several millionaires the past 3 weeks. Have yet to see a Mercedes, Louis Vuitton bag, or Armani suit.
I don't know about bears, but I'd be willing to punch an Oklahoma Sooners fan...
More like 9 right? Hope it was good Mt. Hood 50 training!
Check out this young toy entrepreneur!!! Never mind he is 16 years old!!!!
Look for new #BiggestLoser trainers Cara Castronuova & Brett Hoebel's marketability to increase w/ avg viewers around 10mm
Time to fill out more college apps!! Ugh!! :(
wait so no ??
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there!
Good on you Buddy!
If they are unable or unwilling to work towards improvement, they should be sent to career counseling.
Crawfish Sunday! Bring the puppies.
Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours. ~ Yogi Berra
You can help in making your grass healthier, prolonging the life of your turf with Sergio’s Landscaping lawn winterization...
BTW, C.B. Bucknor is the WORST home plate umpire in the league.
My friend calls my strawberry-blond daughter a ginger nut, which I will henceforth find disturbing.
oh yeaah she is playing the next game , I forgot ? Well hmm hope you get a ride !
doing my hair, you?
Cracking jokes all day
Thanks for the follow!
come check us out @ the one community networking forum next monday @ the wyndam downtown!!!
famous last words!! It's almost like you knew FB was going to buy them. ;)
Eat tacos.
Lesson learned from last night: pyrex is not good to cook with on an open flame, Because that shit explodes!!
This is Gina's friend. did you want to review my product?
You tossed off that "best QB in NFL history" in Manning article pretty casually, when it's debatable to say the least.
Teaching someone the Twitter.
RT : yes but only because I work in the business as a bartender!
haha well hes finally following You all your dreams came true today (:
i told you that i get back from college wednesday and you said you were leaving then? lol
you are one of a kind ;-)
Today's method of self torture: online practice GMAT test in T-minus 30 minutes.
I wanna hear!!
Thanks Larry.
Every time I reach out, I am always rebuffed only to be asked how come I don't reach out enough.
If there's a way Leonardo DiCaprio can look like he did in the 90s that'd be nice
I want to wish happy birthday to my sis! Love you ♥
Thank you for bringing me breakfast at work #spoiled ❤😍☕🍳
181,400. Anyone get it yet?
Busy but amazing week ahead, can't wait to see how all my new FC's do on the phones, very FAB times at JustFabulous coming up! <3
all dis time ..i thought muh sub was cross eyed..he blind -___-
spoke too soon...
Congrats to Bill Belichick, on winning Mechanical-Pencil-In-Ear Of The Year
i can i guess
lmao really boy dhorts my human u crazy fool
No you not RT : Now im bout to be home alone
Remember when MySpace was relevant? I kind of miss those days...
It was good to see at church tonight lol !
Don't remind The Militant! :( RT haha! Still can't believe the Ducks have a Stanley Cup and not the LA Kings.
Today's personal game plan is to fine tune afternoon PD presentation, complete D.C. administrator licensure and job app., and pay lease.
RT : Follow and RT for a chance to win the Distinctive 30” Dual-Fuel Range! #Distinctiverange. For details:...
Just watched the 3 most relatable episodes of The Wonder Years ever.
I am sending a tweet through Siri
just let me know, but more importantly, we need writers!!
A thousand words won't bring you back i know because I've tried, neither will a million tears i know because I've cried. -
Same to you! :)
We are working on the details of Uthoff leaving right now. Hope to have a story posted soon. Stay tuned.
Papito give som t-en to eat. It Better be long and fat and slender... Yum
Been waiting all day to see Major Payne
Thanks guys! ": A free shake from is proof that Twitter is good for something."
How you livin??
Anderson Silva will you please actually fight next time I love your ability but sometimes you just chose not to fight
I can already tell today's gonna be a little bitch.
Yankees game tonight with 😊⚾⚾⚾
Heading to Austin for SXSW this wknd? You should be. Check out our party Fri at Austin Hall! Shady 2.0 SXSW Showcase, doors open at 7
Spice up Cinco de Mayo
The AP biology test was pretty easy, I think I got at least a 2. Holla.
Thank you for the follow, look forward to your tweets.
Why so you can stalk me and know where I live
Thanks for the RT, Yolanda! Cheers and God speed for a new book!
30 minutes till school!
Nathan Ryan Is On Stickam :)))))
might be a good idea
Can we please get a cameo from the real Ron Burgundy,
We have a pretty awesome surprise....
Also, OtherBoss said, "I hear publishing is a lot cheaper these days, because of the Internet!" Did not have time to respond to that!
yea dude, i should have a few free days coming up but if not we got the summer to fuck shit up !
Well *I* certainly can. Don't you know I'm HUGE on Twitter? :-)
A235cccc < kj85, button flats i check my big blind, flop 955dd, i bet button flats, turn j, i bet he calls, river 4c, i bet he jams for ...
My bf and I bought some solar powered Christmas lights! Better for the planet, save on electricity, and they are so cute!
pitch strikes, Helly's been right. (And those first pitch strikes depend on the ump's consistency.)
Will you please follow me(:? i love you so much xoxo<33333333333333 i'll be the happiest guy ever.
Depends on God's plan for you. I think you'll rip it wide open soon
Writing, drawing, and drinking at Quality drink on South Hurstbourne folks.
A full cup must be carried steadily. - Proverb
“: See what had happened was...” RT an intro to another excuse or a lie.
You're welcome!
RT Want a free 2 nights stay @ any Shilo? RT this & B entered for our 2K follower drawing.
I had fun chatting with fans and others at 2am on twitter lol...
haha I wish you were! I need an errand buddy today.
Feel you RT NyQuil is truly my friend on these long ass flights.
Random Fact: The song “Stay” by The Zodiac is the shortest number 1 hit with 1:38 playing time only.
***RECEPTION TO FOLLOW****
OK will. 3 round for mayweather.
I told you & Vero not to mention Chilo & Aliviane anymore! I thought Vero was going sabotage Bill Clinton Coming to EP!!
my friends keep calling me in saying & is post to be at the mall of georgia today if so im going :) jus in case
choose between platforms how to play modern warfare playstation it is
✬Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished.✬ Og Mandino
Please go watch the video I posted before this,its funny (:
at least 50 bucks (have done it multiple times to Germany), all safely and timely, but it was just a simple box.
Come on Dallas
My phone is over heating . ;o
Gretta on Fox says #Zimmerman was acting in self defense in the Trevon Martin shooting. What an asshole! #conservativerepublicanssuck!
congrats ! Little boys are so much fun :)
When things go wrong, NEVER blame other, look at yourself first, maybe you're the one who's caused it.
slightly hating my life right now
im thinkinng big tennis tourney tomorrow
That's what's up!! “: because at the end of the day, you'll be coming home to me.”
Your thoughts impact your confidence: whenever you catch yourself putting yourself down - even slightly - notice it & gently let it go.
Aw now isn't that cute lmao
haha, that is so not your car though! Its gonna be mine in a few years tho
thanks trisha!! i will post a poem every day, stay tuned ! :)
TAco Bell sounds fucking amazing right now.
Going to punch someone in the face
Thank you Travis! RT : Was honored to teach about Irish Whiskey today for !
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: the dance two people when they're about to walk into each other; a song by ELO; the way she smiles.
Matt and Nick Jackson enter the building and they don't look pleased. They head to the Dark Menace's office.
Shout out to blasy by snoop dog. Its on point!!
bye bye KG
it was strait .
Can you please use swipeless technology when I purchase gift cards so they don't scratched? I don't want scratched cards.
Thanks for the RT! Will you be going to the show tonight? :)
Day two in the studio. One more drum track to knock out, then the others can start.
*Slaps him on the back of the head* Take That Shit Off Nigga! Ha
Another Challenge to patient engagement support systems design; HC people & organization involvement can vary greatly during patient journey
that's the sad part. I can't for the life of me, remember.
Unbeleivable, thank God she was in good hands.
Craving coffee @ midnight.....hmm.
I have your travel wishes noted for future reference!! Lol
I know the yard looks Like a forest fire right now... #4/20
Can't wait for you girls to come to San Antonio!
O Americana in this case. Gotta love my
I know we've been spoiled here in Wisco this winter, but one snowfall & single digits already has me ready to get outta here.
#thoughtsduringschool im ready to learn... haha im funny, i rather go home and sleep in my nice bed (:
Live by the Rondo, die by the Rondo. RT : Rondo is gone for Game 2. No question.
Vodka Tasting Tuesdays! $29 All infused Vodka you can Drink(Taste)
of 70 low of 55 on saturday...I say we go camping...I make a mean fire
Happy Birthday Brotha!!!!
An arrest has been made in the Grape Street fire. Four children died in that fire back in February. More details to come from RPD at 2.
I will say this....More and more companies are "Dropshipping" these days to maintain their revenue in this economy, best bet: Call & Ask!
Could be something to quality goaltending, too! Smith & Quick!
I'm an Original OD. An original One directioner (: ahha
Oh my.
Hit and run driver says he's sorry
check us out..I can see u getting it in to one of our songs..;)..we follow back
Just dawns on me that if you're always comfortable and at ease w/friends then you're probably not very deeply #friends. Right?
thanks we had such a great weekend and met some wonderful people!
is it elderflower St Germain liqueur? Yum.
Dallas, TX- need females for calendar shoot. Nudity involved. Pay is 4,500.dollars. (Casting Code B3)
please notice me!!! please 10
3 things in life are certain: death, taxes, and Sizemore getting hurt.
I miss you so much too!!!!
I was so close to buying them, but had to refrain. I must see yours! You always have cute stuff. :) (and, thank you!)
thank you! RT : I am in a hippie mood today. Which makes me want to watch 's show really bad. :D
too busy with the cafe game and other apps, right?
Open yo mind as u open ur legs i want to conquer mind n body
It would be best to start as soon as possible! Come in today :)
I think the Sheen Kimmel kiss might beat you two out...
Totally just woke up.... Dangit!
T minus 2 hours! See us tonight at Centanni Piano Bar on Water Street, 19pm-2am. We'd love to see you there!
Just got to Prague!!!!
Sidney Crosby averages 1.40 points per game. Until someone else even gets close to that, can we table the stupid "best player alive" debate?
CLUE #2: Under stars of night, or in the sun so bright, you’ll find a small place of residence, without garage, yard or picket-fence!
I'm Melanie Sill, SacBee editor until last May, News & Observer exec ed before that, recently at USCAnnenberg as executive in residence.
Oh Happy Day! This warm weather makes me happy!
Just took the longest nap ever.
Just got back from school like 40 minutes ago
I'm reading an enthralling book & all I can think is, "Please don't suck at the end!" I hope he can end this well.
We have some extra San Diego Polo tickets (free 4 u) for Sunday. Great way to blend in some fun for the weekend! Reply or DM if interested.
We love San Diego! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks San Diego!
yes they can
My 3,000th tweet--a special shoutout and thanks to all of you who are mothers! "Every mother is a working woman!" :-)
Once again fervently denies rumors team is for sale. Specifically says canzano and jaynes wrong.
Stephen King weekend on AMC?! *puts social life on hold*
Big thumbs down to the asshole who hit my car and took off in North Bergen. Cop says there's a camera nearby. Here's hoping.
: Just go and BE with him/her. Have heard that's much better than words.
hey what's up
Hoarders is the best tv show ever. Randyland episode best so far
RT : Design for verbs : simple phrases, simplify the model of the experience. Design the experience not the content.
Duck Confit with Cranberry & Cream Cheese pizza? Of course! Pizza of the Day special, just $12.00. Free toasted ravs when you mention this.
Friday special in nearby Chinese restaurant: "stir-fried vegetarians."
wow i have neglected this for a while... the poor unused tweets!
so nice of you to say Broderick :-)
amazing storm! Huge down poor!
I love that song! :D
glad you're feeling tempted! You should swing by and check us out sometime soon.
Way too #giddy about Peyton in Denver
Is this for a book or a journal article? For the latter, pubs (or Sherpa) prob have a posted policy about self-archiving. +
horny teenagers
If you`re into scat DM me in about 10 minutes. I think I have something you might be interested in.
How great is rain?
Why are you always such a beyotch?
It never fails, I always drop my pick inside my acoustic guitar at least once every time. Grrr
#Ilovemymombecause to me she's been a mother and a father
i hav no clue
I have a zoo at home . 3 turtles 6 fish 2 birds 2 dogs its a prob.
Thanks for your RT Robin! :)
to clarify, that "someone" you mention was me. They are fugly shoes.
Some delicious pizza at for #ypweek. Lots of good things happening.
Now Came From School...Gotta Hit The Books... :P
not this year but well be doin events all over and focusing on new releases 👕💎
Happy New Year!
y'all Love me
You asked what I wanted to do since it's my day but you decided everything alright.... I guess
set your expectations right up front & be specif abt type of supp you give & plan your assignments accly.
You guys did great tonight! Nice meeting you! Can't wait for you to kill me on your motorcycle in Maine! Haha
Just shut up and put your hands down my pants # Itookitthere
omg, is it you in your icon?
I just wanna be there.....
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger
S i t yo ass down somewhere. You AIN'T turnt up
I still haven't seen The Hunger Games!! :( someone take me please!!
Yeah that's the worst. We're being very careful with that.
What kind of beer do I like?
I've been up I'm at work now on my break I'll book it ok
Sorry Adweek, I'm done answering your stupid questions in order to see your slightly less stupid content.
No need to hate when we can all just "love from a distance" instead.
2012 NBA playoffs are weak cause the refs suck. And I'm not saying they're even favoring a team, it's just they're slowing the game down.
More normal than sound of music singalongs?
Pillow talk has not begun yet. we're last, so if you can't make it till later still come! You'll catch us! It's free! 93 N6th! In the back!
Yes it was! I'll be posting video of my pacecar ride soon, I promise. Very cool! Good to see you and too
Chris birdman anderson say it aint so
we love unsigned Sundays!! Thank you thank you thank you!
bribery comes AFTER the problem behavior occurs #wishmorepeopleunderstoodthat !!
Most musicians need gigs!.....hire live musicians!..."WE" need the work!..OK?
Haven't tweeted in a minute.
KSTP-TV Photographer has camera knocked off shoulder by Minneapolis Police officer during Occupy protest. See the video tonight at 10.
After reading all of these hilarious tweets, I've realized that all of my high school friends are doing twitter wrong.
Tryon Edwards~ He that never changes his opinions never corrects his mistakes will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
Food is disgusting to me these days
LOL I love Baby Princeton
Stand-up tanning beds are the perfect opportunity to get your stripper on!
shitsss weak. Monster Rehab's or Rockstar Recovery al day erryday
haha i thought it was pretty funny. What are you doing over the break? just kickin it?
Any chance you'll be at Startup Weekend Madison this coming weekend? It'd be great to meet you.
oh my birthday's the 27th of january:)
hey hey glad you could make it!
What's up now?:)
Thanks Nathan!
I Hate Seeing Ethiopian & Eritreans beef about who is better than who.......
taking a final this early is considered torture in some countries... like america
IT PAID OFF! YOU LOOK GREAT!
says jeremy lin is amazing, but wouldn't one expect a player of chinese descent to do well in a place called MSG?
oh yeah!!!
u watching the Tebow hour on sportscenter They did a political poll Tebow vs Republicans WTF Tebow mania just went to far
I might see you down there, I'm thinking of heading over for a redlight/massage session. My legs have had it and need healing
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. -- Bill Cosby
hope the old bones in the house is ready for more quakes tonight.
you guys are amazing as well :)
no one should sleep in close.
"People Are Crazy" licensed for new Todd Phillips, Robert Downey Jr. film "Due Date"! Go see it November 5th!!
: loving the conference! spoke at an FIU networking event, and I've been hooked ever since!!!
Grizzly Adams pajamas!
Yeah Boi!!!! Can't wait to work with you, there is nobody out here like you man- NOBODY
Ok well I know I don't know her but please tel her I'm sorry and best of luck. I hope everything goes well!!<3
Today's #Pricing Tip: Using a search engine leads to price transparency- and that's how many customers start out
Sometimes im so smart I forget easy stuff, So I asked my girl Erin how to spell wierd, and she say's C, H, R, I, S. What an azz! lmao!
Anyone know a car dealership that wants to be all over the search engines contact me.im the hook up
Bout to pull a Bill O'Reilly and say fuck it i'll do it live with m finals
Last assembly ever
Thanks, you're entered to win! We don't have 1/2 sizes though, so I would suggest size 9 if you win!
was great at breaking down responsive design!
Today was SO** awkward.... Goodbye friendship with you...
This nigguh ugly.
So LA wins the MLS Cup...did anyone see that coming?
Showing me old copies of French fashion pamphlets is like dangling juicy bones to dogs.
way to rep brother!!!!
Love the games you do. Everything is fun, but effective training. Could you do something with decelleration?
Titanic comes on during previews and Nick goes Spoiler Alert: She let's go. Jerk haha
nice name ;)
u need sushi
same with me! And every time I went on there was something new that I had to readjust on my account to keep it the way I wanted
Today comes my old friend from M.I.T., I can't wait to see him!
finally going to lunch.... starving and recieving a ton of compliments on my new hair cut
About to hit a homerun
I never ever pay for Splenda. :D
Vodka is yucky alone, but when it's mixed with monster and /or 7up it's super yummy.
Having Kevin Costner speaking at Whitney Houston's funeral is like having Jar Jar Binks speak at George Lucas' funeral
Of course why wouldn't we buy them!!!<3
hey im just a simple girl in a simple world who is a fan of u i try as i might for u 2 follow over 3 yrs i tweet Pleasefollow
You might try soaking it in a glass of water, root end down, for about an hour. Mine responds well to that after I'm away.
hey boo I'm sitting next to a rapper, thought of you? PS he's crazy annoying !!!!!
☺Take control of your own destiny...
Eileen says,"here's how you tell someone what you did- really simple, really, really simple"
You. Are. The. Best!
Where yat? We are in the back in the center.
this one is me at a game...not good enough?
“: Sleep well everyone! Time to get some sleep, leaving holland for a 3 week north America tour tomorrow!! Let's go” << Chyeaah!
glassy surf is fun.
": Pay attention to the people that help you when you're low, so you know who to ignore when you're at your high."
Surely does not feel like 6p
Just noticed you moved to SFO! Cool! Do you miss the Seattle sunshine already?
if you were my TV remote control, where would you be hiding...for the past WEEK?!?!
R.I.P. DICK CLARK
I am sitting in a social enterprise alliance board meeting you should check us out (working on web presence now)
The metro doors have not closed- we"ve been standstill over 15 minutes. This is ridiculous! I'm supposed to run late from my own causes
I thought Tubby was much older! :)
Thanks, Scott! Bret
Friday is finally here! Hope to see you at Zuma Fun Center this weekend!
my bf broke up wit me yesterday now i got a new one todayy
First half: impressive shooting/scoring for both teams. Second half: impressive blowing of whistles by the refs.
Thank you for the re tweet fam :)
Starting to close them out....goes to closet.....gets the broom #GoSpursGo!!!
RT from all over the place: "On 9/11 the world said 'We are all Americans.' Tonight, we are all Iranians."
thanks have added you!
getting ready to go out with fam :)
The child screaming next door has a promising future as a death metal singer
I'm glad you like seeing me!!!
My package from has finally arrived! Oh, can't wait to test some products in particular... <3
Ok, I'm out y'all ! Had way too much fun yo ! Can't wait to be back out here in a month.
20 more mins until Silent Auction B closes!
Just need se variety every once in a while
Need to get up in 5 hours! Been laughing all day at Obama's request to Iran to return our drone!
Hating yourself is a terrible feeling
Motivation is the key to success. Passion gives you the motivation.
for where ?!
Sports lookalike: & Ben Roethlisberger
Not sure. We're in playoffs now and not sure of my schedule. What's up?
Happy Monday! This morning's Blue-Rah was a big s/o to Jeff Curran as he gets ready forTOMORROW's fight at #UFC on Fuel!
Food coma
is #1 so far for the kiss 10 text the number 10 then your vote to 98500 NOW
Partying it up. L O L
Happy new year. despite everything, i hope its a good year. please pass that onto al as well i hope he finds half the happiness
WHAT IS GOING ON
Please stop demonstrating yoga poses in this coffee shop. I am getting creeped out by the unwanted intimacy that you are forcing on us all.
Follow Me Please!? 61
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "One of my favs. It's the "new" Bejeweled :)" by Rachel
Action Training Systems Wins JEMS Hot Product Award for New Custom Brady EMR Manual
you're sTILL IN SCHOOL
RT : Jaimie Monberg: Failure is a part of success. Fail fast, fail often & you'll reach success....
Can't wait to see them Margaret - glad to see you're doing so well! :-)
Room 412. Dance Party! btw....I'm alive.
in Central park and it's snowing!!!
wow i hate my life
If you forward your #Simmons email, you'll need to re-do this process after the College switches to #GoogleApps (May 25th).
I can't take this anymore
Contact me for some free coffee!
RT : I got today. Anyone want to make any bets, don't, you will lose money
ill go swimming, later tweeps:D
I was just really surprised that you two didn't know each other. guess Paul's been kinda MIA
Trying to get someone actually to read your post; mostly people just talk at one another
I won't follow because my hopes for his tweets are too high. Instead, I'll continue to pretend that Zach is
Which life (personal or professional) event sparked the writing of Good Deeds?
What's up
lol o wow
Dear tailgater who turned to go into Raytheon. You're F -150 and Murder Job do not make you a man. Stare me down all you like.
would you give bowling a try? For ??
Um hi you're cute. (:
Juneteenth at Mingei! performs this Sunday at 1pm. Plus stories, treasure map... perfect way to spend Father's Day w/ the kids.
Soda hurts in ur eyes!!!
that make me want to vomit!
I told a kid in the MAC store that when I was growing up there were 3 channels on TV & he laughed thinking it a joke! Shocked
Wtf Im Finna Get In My Bed
If photos like that were on the phone, I'd sell them or blackmail someone to make them go away. Either way MONEY!!!!!
I got jumped and the ppl broke my left leg and 4 of my ribs.
tix for at copped. Woo!
RT : Yep, all mine. Not even all that I own, just all that fit in the picture. :)
call me
The #TMNT view count now at 143K+.
what are you doing after tonight
cheaper to keep her lol
A smart mind is dangrous
I love class with and 💗💜
why is it so hard for guys to turn off the lights, i mean he's in the shower and every light in and out the house is on smh
Q7: I keep making veggies in different ways until I find one they like! Hubby LOVES veggies now
The sun is shining.
#30thingsaboutme #1. I majored in business, but I'm now running a catering business. You never quite know where life will lead you!
Thank you, Suzie. Have a great week.
hey friends..
Anyone us kik? Add me leothelion361
MIchael will be in at 8pm where he is guest host MSNBC with &
Here is a great big thanks to Mr. Fred Allen & Mr. Ned Livengood who were my inspiration. #ThanksTeach from FHS Class of '72!
“: so they replaced one Dick w another? Sounds about right in IN”---I know! I'm REALLY surprised Mourdock won
U fuck wit the most weakest animated bitches ever lol
Q3: How has the market changed for author events and tours in the last several years?
Started reading. Got inspired. Started writing.
And happy birthday to you :)
aw thanks for #ff me! Hope you're well:):)
Two exams down. Four more to go...
"RV stands for 'Redneck Vacation'"
I miss those days! We were wild lol.
RT: " Kaila-Luke's GR8 w/ commentary" ROCKED it! His constant consumption of soccer pays off on&off the field! ;) cc
Starships were meant to fly..
Its been a Channing Tatum marathon at my house today it seems, but Im not complaining ;)
One more fuckin' time someone tweets "one more fuckin' love song I'll be sick" I'll be sick.
