1250am radio just before 4 pm, tune in to hear my neice Alyssa sing the National Anthem! I am so proud. Go Admirals, WIN WIN
Good idea.
Yes my friend. I am will keep you posted on the release date.
#lineage2 #l2tx (Follow us if u want to play on a real server)
I adopted Kyle 13 years ago today. Said goodbye to him 4 weeks ago today. I hate everything. :'(
I like your tatt ;)
I just spent another 100$ at target. I hate myself.
Yowza. Huzzah! RT : I am officially done with official classes.
Having tried dozens (if not hundreds) of e-mail platforms, is the winner. Agree/Disagree? Whats your choice?
People get the meaning of your words, not on what you say but on how you say it.
Were all those things he told me were lies ?
Guys. Have I ever mentioned I HATE algebra, but love the class because of the people?
will return after a timeout for...whatever!
Will Heady Topper cans be available in NH & MA or just at your brewpub?
YOU Know Iam ... I Be Having You Laugh
The Internet has been acting horrible since we've been back in August...really irritating.
Tallying up the winners of the silent auction. Great stuff.
Keep up the good work, Rob! We believe in you down here in King George.
Nothing like being reminded that you had some asparagus with your dinner.
Any recommendations for restaurants with open patios for dinner? #toosoon?
Pittsburgh&#39;s Forgotten Classics: Bills vs. Steelers, 1974 and 1996
Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there, it takes a real woman to take care of her child or children
a good bisou is always lovely! xo
grinding! What's good?
who did u say this is playin now?
friend: *singing Diego* me: SHUT UP You BABY friend: *silence* me: Dora is much better! Friend and me: *singing Dora *
“Don't expect anyone to do anything for you what you're not ready to do for yourself.”
aaaaaaaaaaaammmmmmmmm coming up so you better get this party start-ed ;)
No? Thought so. xD
Me, too. “: 39 hours to the triumphant return of Parentness. I will be under silver chains in the basement until then.”
I am wondering if any of my client's use Twitter.
By the way, I checked on wikipedia. Both of them are 19 (Legal) LOL.
Reality: Every time new law/reg is adopted empowering govt, YOU LOSE FREEDOM. Piece by piece. Wake up, get involved, and help stop it!
Counting down to what will be an emotional final launch of the Shuttle Endeavour. Congresswoman Giffords will be there.
Going to get Ashes for Ash Wednesday. bbl #KeepSmiling :)
super funny
no better bet than a subjective one. And your dad is right
What kind of icon would indicate something is simple? Also, an icon that indicates something is complex. Ideas?
And they wonder whats killing our ozone layer.....
Listening to Melvin Rhyne's 'Boss Organ' and making some coffee.
Don't get caught! I don't have cable, and I feel like I'm seeing everything with your photos! Haha.
does your org order food/snacks for your social & networking events?! Let us know if u r interested in Cafe 41 & pizzeria! :)
and thanks for retweet.
its a radio talk show reference.... How is the sota???
Good Morning Miami! RT if your pumped for a stellar work day!
I went to McDonalds and your brother asked if I was Kayla because you showed him a picture of me a few months ago!
My Bakelite telephone from the 40's just took out a passing Roomba. This speaks to the solidity of craftsmanship of old, I'm thinking.
AH WTF. 4 BAY AREA SHOWS, AND I ALREADY HAVE TIX FOR 1 OF THEM. should i even buy for the other ones?
HE WILL DEFEND YOUR BEST PLAYER
�Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best
Headaches are a lot of fun....
He said it! "I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel." - Puff Daddy
Made it to Dallas.. time to sleep. Goodnight!
For the sake of not ruining the vibeand randomness of my new playlist, I will let it play on. Smh! That's My Bitch
High watching Science Channel's "Your brain on Drugs" hosted by Robin Williams is a trip.
don't be scared. tweet away!
Ha! I try to keep it simple, being baking challenged and all.
It sucks to be you right now!
you guys rocked it and to all of ur fans, u guys r soo winners we all love u and hope u guys continue to follow ur dreams!! <3
Everything Im not made me everything I am
Oh shoot with this weekend with my lovely assistant .... I can't wait!!!
#MyNameIsKhan is one of the best movies I've ever seen. wht a great meaning. I'll recomended to yall.
My stomach hurts I think I ate too fast :/
oh yes.
Anybody tryna go get some Starbucks?
Don't think you're safe from a cracked windshield because cold weather is gone. Hot weather also causes chips to crack out.
I didn't watch the debate, but I still tweeted snarky comments about it. So there.
Community colleges should train data science/curation assistants.
My life is a blurr, one of these days I'll wake up and forget who i even am.. I pray that day isn't soon.
"The tree of #liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the #blood of #patriots and tyrants"-Thomas Jefferson
Way to go, Tim!
Best #Investment Advice I ever had... "Focus on consistency of income above most else." -Mitch Reiner
Fucking iPhone Keyboard
Bottled Wallow Black Ale on Sunday, started 6 gal. of Hard Cider for Christmas this morning & next up... Pumpkin Ale for October.
Hatley Branch Library Book Club meets Tuesday April 10th 2pm. Reading "Night Road" by Krisitin Hannah. Coffee & Dessert after discussion.
won't rub my cooter
Thug life no seat bealts with darkness
Launched new website for Delta Global Staffing a wholly-owned subsidiary of Delta Air Lines - www.deltaglobalstaffing.com
wish you lived down my street.
Nothing beats coffee & a book to start off the morning.
OMG! I wanna retweet but I cant :(
#prototypes. throw away or evolve?
Deleting old numbers to make room for new ones so with that being said... somebody dm me
looks amazing
Lincoln did not believe in texting.
Sometimes I forget about Tylenol and then I remember Tylenol and I take some.
get it girl
Organizing #projecthydraulics into github.... stay tuned for a public repository!
#GoTMC, especially our friend Ara! Stay safe in the heat everyone.
your so amazing! <3 can you and the guys come to portland please? C:
Are those space pants you have on? Because your ass is out of this world.
Hoping for the best but expecting the worst
#formysweet16 HE ASKED ME TO A PARTY..BUT IT WAS HIS EMPTY ASS HOUSE..NOT A CREATURE STIRRED FUCKING PERVERTED LOUSE..LOL HE SAID KICK BACK
#DrakeCriesWhen he hears our new song that we are recording
Somebody humped me once kinda.... Really scary for an 11 yr old to experience....
This mega bus is awesome!!!
we are excited for the partnership and to share leadership opportunities in mke for women!
Just realized that Daisuke Matsuzaka is probably the least despised Red Sox starting pitcher at the moment.
Have faith that no matter what is thrown your way, you can and will make it through.
Where are good cookies in DC?
Just wish I had someone :-(
Shout out to Isaiah Austin Big man is during homework on the trip to Adidas Nations which is due once he returns home.
So excited I get to wear jeans to the office today
do you want me to make you your name? And send you the app?(:
Hey Daniel, thanks for the follow. I'm looking forward to connecting.
12 player PPR league. I am picking 2nd and Foster is going 1. Who should I go with? Would J Charles be a solid pick?
Does anyone have a monitoring system that you can monitor from your smart phone?
whats been up with you lately my friend?
because I had to work on a project I think I can go next wensday and ill be there sunday
good question. Let's ask _EdResearch. Can the app sync with a personal sched from the web site?
haha! Mad love the Mavs too. Live and die w the metroplex squads but this is not how we approach homie.
okay maybe i'm missing something. who on the gop side can be a real leader of the free world? oops ..am i thinking again?
had a nice lunch with girlfriends then a nice work out...
Did you change phone numbers again?
who ya goin with?
Waiting to get into my friends playy
:) I do enjoy baseball, and have seen an unassisted triple play live! Go Rockies! :)
but they're oh so cute! I just wore one of mine today actually.
Lovin this OSU defense. Hopefully they can keep up the intensity.
In the car with 30 min from I can smell the Presbyterian air.
So, i'm gonna be looking for an apartment in the cleveland heights area shortly. Please let me know of any leads! Or places to avoid!
Did you used to wear them over or under your long tights? Preference?
I like wen he pick me up str8 killin it
But yo kids ate right
-Such a fun day w/ Mr !! Fabulous! xox
have fun, man!
Tonite is our #halloweenball!! Costume contest, doors 1st place wins a trip to in #LasVegas !! Come to Boogie Nights!
excellent, I'm looking forward to it!
Never waste good talent !
Back from Cooperstown and crossing my fingers. I think it went well, that's good, right?
Best fighter of all time FloydMayweather hands down Michigan all day!
Depends on how squirmy you are!
Looking forward to the first practice this am in Brazil for the race in Sao Paulo.
fuck its raining.
that's so awesome!y'all have to done back!:D
write down page numbers?
Final four and pre season top five next year Go cards.
Thanks so much to for the tix to the opening night party of festival. It's fabulous!
On the outside I may appear to be strong and emotion-less, but on the inside, I've been broken into pieces too small to be seen...
I am not mad if anything she should be mad at me. I was tired and acted like a 13 year old ha:)
What book?
Very excited that I just arranged to have a speaker from Skype with my AP Gov class on Thurs. re: local Fort Worth gov't!
hi follow me back? :)
hot party with the GOOD SPOT team with Charity FALLING WHISTLES at club CV. 105 rivington street between essex and ludlow. my verbal list!
Scream! How exciting is this!
RT : Q6: Fed. policy makers should continue to hold states accountable for educating ALL children.
ordering starz now.Can't miss city I'm in IT :)
shoot me an email about it! :-) Felicia at FeliciaRicci dot com
ACDU on watch here....
Thanks, my friend.
LinkedIn is now recommending events on the basis of the events your network is attending.
stole it from two days ago.
Dress alteration :)
It is finished,
Another thing occurred to me - if Micha is driving, then I'm old enough to have a kid who is driving. That's so...wrong.
That's a pretty neat shirt. Only ever played about 5 mins of Bioshock, cuz my PC couldn't handle it. Love the designs, tho.
I fell asleep on my friend's couch. So while briefly explaining that to mom, I decided to distract her with an emotional deluge.
Lulz RT : #TeamSmallPenis RT : I just hate wen chicks say go deeper and its already all in
I can move Castro to SS.
RT from Iran: My sources say emergency meeting Majlis has been called and Guardian Council consider impeach Khameni
I hope that you catch me because im already falling <3
My cat is fat ;D
Omg my elbow is killing me!
Earth Month officially kicks off TODAY!!!!! Stop in to see everything that's happening...we promise you won't be disappointed!
They got 3 more losses to fix it. So horrible, but they just looked exhausted. =/
Fake friends all around since I got my chips up use to see them every now and than like some hiccups. -J.Lew
Fun in NYC! The bartender looks and sounds just like Carmine Giovinazzo from CSI NY.
- "LADY T" that's Hot! Glad u didn't lose the art bug!
*insert Marv joke here*
I love the little kids wearing their Gators gear today. Once a fan always a fan. would be Gator fan in UGA gear today.
very welcome! I have a huge soft spot for pretty much all animals besides snakes.
Two days!
“: Russian Pudding.” Euphamism?
haha too true!
hooray youre online! everyone else is off getting indoctrinated.
Oh, by the way, I am the new Information tech librarian at Muhlenberg Community Library. Now I am an official geek.
I may get flamed for this, but that knee injury really sucks for Mariano Rivera. Dude is a legend. Tough way to end a season at his age.
if i ever meet niall and he has a girlfriend at the time idk what i would do it would be awks
RT if you've ever received poor customer service from a telecoms provider...Call us if you'd like to experience THE BEST :)
Made a nice breakfast but also made a huge bacon grease burn on my arm. Bacon=good. Burn=bad. :/
I focused on exercise and staying healthy in order to get back out on the ice
also, 's data is growing--public contributors added a dozen events in first couple days. Great class project!
Who's the person that schedules these things so early, I'd like to complain.
Hope everyone has a HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!! :)
Even the second team gets into the act Detroit Football is back...
aint no girl nowadays worth fightin for
damn now I wanna watch the movie just to see his cara <3 lol
just bought us a cohort Mega Millions ticket. Investment of future winnings: capital gains tax rate loophole, here we come!
what does it do I'm scared to get it lol
no! This is amazing news to recieve on #WantedWednesday !
"There are times when you'll need someone, i will be by your side"
I like the joint homie, keep it up! I see ya working!
MT If Christie does flake out in NJ, it will be yet another missed flush draw for modern US igaming. First GBT fail, now this.
How about a Hard Rock Cafe Kick Ass Beer on Beale?
Just how far to the right will Obama go?
I don't care who you are. You sit there screaming at my cousin and I can hear you across the gym I'm goin' up there.
- Great article. I married a black woman, big wakeup for a white man seeing your children judged by skin color
My family, my headache, myself. # thoughts
hey guys. I tried this email and it doesn't work. There's not one on the live site either. Thanks. --BAC
Looking forward to hearing about your
Yep that's my favorite way to project manage. Definitely helps me visualize and plan.
Mf be sleeping on he got hat shit!!
I'm compiling a list of #travelmemoirs: Have Book Will Travel. Do you have a fav?
Real spit keep fuckin wit me, you an yo nigga gone wind up missing, not missing but murdered cause ima tell the pd yea I did dat fuck you
Hey there's a new La Michoacana Meat Market coming to Austin! Oh yeah & the Trader Joe too, blah blah blah.
Flights this week were only $800. Looks like one of us is gonna need to get rich or die tryin'.
I'd write in the Naked Beach Party
LOL. I wish I had more time to write. I have idea's coming out my ears.
If this is what a 7 game Heat/Thunder series would be like, sign me up now please. You have 3 min to tune into ESPN2.
Saw the preview for the season finale of and it looks GREAT!! Can't wait!!
no concessions tonight. But tons of fun!!!
Two dozen more slides AND a group exercise all to be done by 4:00? Good luck to us all.
Maybe. We'd have to check. But the same with Butler & VCU. Trust but verify.
How cute, brad and zac have matching stocking caps
Little sister driving...Mom:"watch out for the fire hydrant." Ariella:"I'm miles away." Darren:"it's in the grass where you usually end up"
Thank you! I don't see a link for uploading any photos. Is that possible?
Almost at planet fitness, south philly
Wilderness is not a luxury but a necessity of the human spirit, as vital to our lives as water and good bread. - Edward Abbey
"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible." ~ Anthony Robbins
Windows down, music up.
I would! But I don't know my twitter password and I don't know which email I used!
I know right! <3
I'll bet u a shot I won't be the only DJ who will be drunk mixing 2nite. All my dj peeps have a great night!
so keeping relationship deets off fb
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithFart the real slim fart
follow me bro! It's Matt from L.A.
& I'd like to say that is your fault but I know better cause I'm the fool to think you'd wait around forever.
It's another episode of drunk tweet with me.
you're welcome, already did a RT on here, and I'll share on my Facebook :)
Omg !!!! Iron maiden , Alice cooper , and coheed are going to be touring North America !
do you play beer pong?
Oh yea Sunday also means football...I get to use my acting skills and pretend to watch
Ah, yes. Blue Tarp Camper is a classic NW Profile. cc:
lol bc i am super busy! I assure you a tour will bring me there soon though :)
hey at least it was only coffee; A might be hyped up for a few hours
Just finished 4 hour lunch. This is the life
That's a great question. Hard to see who at this point, but Nash will be 39 in Feb. Have to ask that question eventually.
Get your stretch on (or watch other people do it while you eat a sandwich). Group yoga, 12pm every mon. at Schenley plaza
Heading out for a bicycle ride from Long Beach to Fullerton to watch my son run in a cross country meet. Going to be hot!
Thanks for the compliment! Hope to see you at our upcoming events - and please audition for our future productions!
thanks for the follow, jeff!
So glad the drake concerts over.. Now I don't have to hate on ppl or be sad
sounds like a little bit more activity from the police (more of them) and some photos being taken by the county.
Wow. RT : No Indiana-Kentucky game next season per an IU release.
Gold on the Ceiling is incredible. Whole album is so much fun. That darn Danger Mouse does it again.
I don't know why I know that Liz Phair song in all its entirety.
A daily struggle for me is not pressing the "buy now" button on awesome travel and adventure deals, especially in the springtime!
My left hand itches this morning...being superstitious that means I could receive some money soon. Today, I'm superstitious!!!
And we are up! Let's pass the Community Cleanup and Greening Act and save Maryland taxpayers and businesses money.
they not lock nemore !
I was wondering if there would be some kind of trotting out of wearable jewels for important exhibits.
solar energy?
I just turned on my heat for the first time since last winter. Needless to say, I'm jealous.
Haven't seen that. Send it to me.
Noticing our disappointment, the girl at the box office said "Don't worry, Jeff Garcia is here, and he's hilarious!"
To show my love for you I'm gunna tweet about you everyday ❤
Everyone on #90210 has the worst luck. I just love the show so much!
RT": The cast of 30 Rock on Fallon tonight. Live show tomorrow at 8:30!!!"
Under harsh discipline policy 'my son became a person who made mistake after mistake... mentality was that bad kids can't be helped.'
Watch my videos on youtube IronicPenguinZ and please subscribe and get me a lot if views and add me thx
Wusup BFurr. QueenEarth was refering to contract to protect yourself as an artist with a cancellation clause.
Are you doing any interesting scala things? :) Are you? Are you?
i think it's time for breakfast at 1am
Don't panic RT : RT : The Link between Technology and Cognitive Stress by - New post on...
gotcha, on which one of my blogs? Ill fix that. Thank you
can't seem to get on your website right now...maybe it's just me! But I thought I'd let you know :)
I saw you run away Is what I've done too much to take Or are you scared of being nothing?
OMG YESS! JUST GOT MY APPOINTMENT THROUGH TO HAVE MY OPERATION AH SO HAPPY BUT YET NERVOUS! :P
omg. THAT....and then BDUBS..... why are we not in a relationship yet/!?!
1% left on my battery
This year, I want to finish my short doc about #MartinGrossman, a Jew on death row who was executed in 2010.
Blues jammin in bout 2 hours...got to work off some steam and do what I do!
I do not have a formal program, but direct message me and we can discuss more.
Jstor, Instapaper, and the Renaissance––I'm going to be spending a lot more time on my ipad
But, but...LION KING!
I meant lyfe......I know how to spell. hahhhahahah
Had Golden pride this morn,then Keva juice in afternoon,Went shoppin at Talin,and Trader Joes.Lots of GOoDieS!
Letting the kids have Pizza Night doesn't have to be boring for you - We have Gourmet Pizza Pies that will thrill adult taste buds too! htt
Playwright Shakespeare was only 18 years old when he married Ann Hathaway, who was 26 years old at the time
... I'm heart broken
started recording a new track this afternoon. It's called "Who Is This Hermano Guy?"
Tough choice! I haven't been to Sea World so I can't vouch for it. Zoo tix are slightly cheaper if you buy online.
and Ustream wont download on my phone. this sucks:(. Tell me how it is:DD
Remember it takes 3500 calories to burn 1 lb of Fat! You Can Do It! Kisar
Word. RT Bitch please!
Alright just let me know when
spending the day at UW Hospital with my family, wouldn't wanna be anywhere else today<3
Why is the book room at the highschool so boring!! Los after school ??? not
Hehehe, why yes, he fits on the bear spectrum :)
Hey Anita thanks for follow, I'm having trouble believing you're a grandma
Yo...if I send you a few tracks can you go through them and find one to jump off for me? I need to feed off your energy.
Congratulations to on her Inauguration! If you can't make it to ceremony, you can watch live on Channel 25.
RT : Lessons from the Titanic #1: Next time, consider whether you need to cross the Atlantic or if you could just Skype.
whats up man text me when u get the chance.
At Ruths Chris Steakhouse for an intimate dinner w/hubby. Lovin my new lil' black dress. Ann Taylor outlet rocks in Myrtle Bch!
Hey man, tweet baby tweet
Im never gonna be as slow as my mom
Aw...we love you too Carly! Thanks for flying with us here at MKE and we wish you very happy travels!
I seriously can't get enoough zapp & roger right now! So good!
talk to mrs Lewis and tell her you want me at your school
SCTA convention please provide more details
Found the session on Lib Advocacy this morning engaging and interactive. Inspired to "speak out" on behalf of libraries everywhere!
was wearing a Texas Rangers hat!<3
Scrilly was in there last night
Don't blame me for what my other personalities say & do, I have no control over them.
sidenote: that last tweet was SO much longer than 140 chars, and yet at the same time wasn't. Chinese is definitely winning on twitter.
First 3 people to like us and share us on Facebook will get a Starbucks gift card mailed to them!
lol, creating memories :)
love hey mondays new song 'Hangover'!!!!
Picked up a new hobby, called junk food! Stay-cation is so not cool! lol
i can not see it
WTF is wrong with sequins? Answer: absolutely nothing.
Watching the Grammys on CBS, amazing opening speech and prayer from LL Cool J, RIP Whitney
I ONLY ASK Y CAUSE IM CURIOUS
Seeing all of these Ryan Braun highlights is making me super excited for baseball season
is looking forward to seeing Congressman Filner at tonight's Chula Vista Civic Association
RT : BREAKING: Official tells AP: Trayvon Martin's killer to be charged with 2nd-degree murder; is in custody (via )
Long holiday weekend! YAY!
Can't stand people WHO hate their lives so much to start shit in other peoples lives
I haven't.
today should be Friday...
ugh. guys. we should hang out. we would so be friends.
That's just nasty :o
Hello, leg. So good to see you without thread.
Good to know that I'm not alone! LOL. Nite...I'd better go TRY to sleep. My husband's away on business, so I don't sleep well.
aww poor baby! :( get better soon!
lol True, but I KNOW I'm not.. I'm to lazy to make a whole new page
Has anyone else seen The Killer Inside Me?
yep Kim was asking who the rockstars on youtube are and you're definitely one! happy (belated) mother's day to you! :)
Save myself from the 'dark side'? I'm embracing it!
I don't want a new social network. I need a new internet.
Hi Jason, I would like to interview you on my show from Jerusalem about MLB and Baseball Canada, how can we set that up?
looks interesting let me know if you find something you like
Student beach service and baptism 😌 Love my church!! ❤💒
I hate that moment I realize I've left my iPad at home. NO... How will I ever survive this day?
Movie night
safe travels, Paulie! Enjoy your tour!
let's go find some babies
fuk aubrey berry i hope someway revenge finds you i hate what you did and hope and pray you will pay for what you did i hope people see this
We're at #DoDIIS12 demonstrating solutions for data and security interoperability within the enterprise and the
My phone keeps on telling me we have a 1-1 today... (not that I want to distract you from your Austin marathon of food)
Brandon would you please take the time & RT my best girl for her 21st birthday! Really Big fan.Thank you.:-)
here, workin til close, first time back since august! come say hi!
Finally starting to feel better... I guess rest really does help. Back to work tom.
Highlights of Keith Jarrett's concert at Carnegie Hall: an incredible improvisation based on trills, the melody of "Miss Otis Regrets" ...
a fam next year our year i got big plans
Nothing says "Comedy is fun" like standing on stage in front of a few hundred people explaining to a 18 year old kid what a clit is!
said it "makes the invisible visible." I say stop by and see my colonial revival door! "American Style"
Make it nasty
We'll be there in about an hour, or maybe even sooner. Free delivery tonight, from your neighborhood Typhooner ;) NOV2011 is the code...
what are the best trail running shoes?
Just now! 50% off sale @ Chika Chika(Galleria)! Super cute Halloween-ish stuff and super cute candy cake keychains/cell phone charms! <3
Cleaning up and my allergies started acting up😁😁😷😷
Got the F5, M4-P, and a couple lenses boxed up for repair guys...my first time sending, can't wait to get everything fixed!
": I'm on hand for tonight's Luck infomerical. RT I don't know why Richardson is even a candidate he's good not great
Its American Cup #jiujitsu tournament today! The #ahi and #salmon is ready! If you live in the #bayarea then come down and enjoy!
I could wear all black and my body of light will shine thru
Just Gotta New number, text me if you need it.
Enjoying at & is hilarious!
we are thankful for all that entered our #MLSCUP09 giveaway. The winner is Congratulation and enjoy the game
Promise yourself to live your life as a revolution and not just a process of evolution
IM FINALLY IN SEVEN SPRINGS!!!!! :D
I'm gonna buy a fishie. c:.
Let's do this shit, Detroit. The Ceej vs. Verlander. Let the best man (me) win.
okay, just have to wake up and then everything will be okay
well we were in cabo for awhile for vacation now I'm moving to Cali and super excited about that
Gym with the homie Marco dawg
this is Sad! Satan hates Man, he was kicked out of Heaven. He knows how much God Loves us. His whole objective is 2
Referee with the chest krumping move
Something about talking about Green Bay Basketball scene gets blood flowing...amazing no matter how long ur gone,it never stops being home..
Yes, I know (sigh).
Summer flying by. Trying to make the most of it. Going to Chastain.
does it just have a code for the last abyssea in it? i think that's all i need.
Guess it's bedtiime for me and my lil love. Goooodnite. :)
At the Juilliard Jazz Blue Note Brunch. The Juilliard Jazz Ensemble had a great first set, they're about to start the second!
SuperStar Saturdays is Gonna bang Harder than Last week only a 3 perf slots left get at me for info!
i'm in a fantastic mood...
That free credit score band is fucked for the future. Nobody will ever take them seriously. Did they just say "credit white power"?
Yes. A $1500 coffee table. I need it.
It was never about what couldn't be done. More about what wouldn't be done.
Oops! In order to rotate the photo of the menu, I downloaded Photoshop app & it got stuck. Slow connection. I'll try again
MKE elites: Have you seen the shiny new elite page? Check it out! (Ahem... click on yr badge!)
Expect heavy pressure from broad leaf weeds and crab grass on your lawn soon. With all of this heat and tons of rain it will be rough.
“: I've never had a boyfriend in my life,I wonder how It feels to feel loved by a boy” same.
It Was..Okayy! lmao Nahh But I Had A Good Time. Met A Lot Of Amazing People. It Was Good, & Thank You.
Sure thing. We look forward to having you! We open during HH for private events like birthdays & work parties...
i just ate some more pizza from toppers? M...love the mac n cheese
Awesome. Do you have anything for Baton Rouge?
I really wish I was there "Face Down" was the first song I learned on guitar
If u were by yourself, I'd say hit IKEA, but with 30 or so students...yipes! I wish I could come up with a better idea!
Beyond NAC - Bradford selling "adaptive network security". Will faculty see it as "big brother"
howd u manage to do that trick lol
Suzie so freakin messy.... ugh *throws rocks*
each day lived,, above ground, is a very good day!
Saved by the bell, now boy meets world... Good Morning 😊
RARS breakout alert
Nicole retaliates against Rachel because of her drama w/Simon....#Fired!!! .
haha. I'm glad I'm not the only one who was scarred by that experience. He somehow made the longest song ever even longer.
Anybody want company or to be my company for basketball watching tonight?
there will be a lot of sympathy for him for sure..
- I know. It has now become a security issue. They are afraid that people are going to start impersonating employees.
I love my shark pad...
When do i get to see your picture in the paper?
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups. (e.g. Federal Government, European Union)
I'm allergic to the hater type
I know right. Oscar your man right ? lol
we will be poor lefties if you get your way.
I forgot these survivor finales are 90% of shit i have already seen. On with the show already
really??? Phones still busy??? Over 24 hours of busy signal! Only in Cincy.
Go to South Haven. My stepmother's wonderful store now has an outdoor cafe!
Ok now its just positive people on my TIMELINE page....... :) NITE *turning lamp off*
Follow Back?:) #TeamVegas ♥
Had 10 hours of dress rehersal I came home and fell asleep nd now Im fuckin grounded for not cleaning my room. What the fuck.?
Just met humble kid #thenation #bestfootforward he's about to kill it
If a dude got a bald spot does he get a hairline? If a dude got a bald spot does he get a hairline?
Sorry Mac lovers - it's official, I hate my Mac.
Ah sad Those were some of my favorite books beloved children's book writer, Jan (of the Berenstain Bears),passed away today
You're welcome, and thank you for your concern. We'll be fine, and our thanks and prayers go out to those on the fire lines!
I love the LOTR Marathons, but can you show the extended ones before the #hobbit comes out. Maybe one a week?
I'm bout to make a homemade splint!!
you don't even know who I'm talking about when I said I'm still in love with someone. .
This Mile High weather is great... whats everybody doing today?
I have a keen eye for spammers. That link is a virus isn't it?
Nick Jonas records &#39;How to Succeed&#39; cast album
If a man lives a pure life nothing can destroy him
It's getting downright autumnal out. I like saying autumnal.
: Men with good intentions make promises, men with character keep them.
thanks a ton! I had a blast doing that Red Ridinghood design =)
It's over. Newt's as washed up as we thought he was, not the world-historical figure he thinks he is. Mittens-BO let's get it on.
One week since the laptop melted down, and no work for me this week! C'mon, universe! This lad needs to eat, pay debts, buy guitars, etc.
Le me- "School needs to be later in the day." Teacher- "So you have more time for homework?" "Sure..."
They have their plan to take over via??Democracy. I know that Mubarak made many mistakes but was right about stopping MB
Congrats!! RT : Just landed in my new home of NY just wanted to say again thanks for all the support even tho its not over yet!
#zipcast i could hear you and see slides, but when i dialed the conference number, could only hear some easy listening.
everyone understood what I was saying anyways.
your welcome!(: and I read your bio...which keek are you in?ت
that's some hoe shit. He said that? Wow we need you over here in the live room fam
CCM&E names Hartley Adkins has EVP of Ops for the mid-majors, and CC/Philly Market Manager John Rohm is now SVP of Ops, Southeast.
And you are now my favorite young journalist from Ontario;)
Who replaced the Polyjuice Valverde with the real Valverde?
looking forward to an exciting weekend in Solana Beach!
I am a #proudmahomie It was the
New Dexter on Sunday!
if they grade one of the QB's as a franchise Guy they have to go QB. Defense is deep in this draft.
Home Sweet Home!! Niagara Falls is AMAZING! So beautiful! Had perfect weather all week!
Haha. #sizzlinghot Come prove it in person at HH tmw with , and other fun bros.
that would be so awesome though! :D
super excited to see you and Andrew!
Dance Dance Revolution with the fam-bam. This is too funny, I love it haha.
Liz there are multiple answers, you need to ask more than once. 43 is just one option.
I know, I know. We can dream though! ;)
Lem Ha you'd really dig Anthony Kedis and Flea. very smart soulful guys.
Are you watching the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade? Which float is your favorite so far?
Haha ya....my bad
#wearebc RT : 2 yrs ago I was told I might never walk again. Just WALKED off plane in Indy to play in The
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. Robert Collier
I wonder if brand ambassadors introduce themselves at parties as Ambassadors. "Oh how interesting! For which country?" "For Palmolive."
it's there to charge your iphone! Why is your iphone in the shower? lol
still the worst DJ/music in the city. No contest.
thanks Jen!!!
so true but I live here
Lunch, finally. Then back at it.
Dumbest thing ever: "Favourite band? Idk, Lady Gaga or like, anything hipster." OMFG
I'm going to take on more look at that azz. Ok now I'm out
have yet to write chris back .. i'm slipping
hard wrkn day of music
thanks, you too :)
Aw, poor Leo.
I hope we are right.
People's reactions when they saw I painted my nails > xD
#GoTribe Asdrubal Cabrera is staying with us AT LEAST until 2014. Says he wants to retire as an Indian. BEST NEWS EVER.
Hey Chicago, want to know which have #ArtsEd programs? The #ArtLook map launches Thurs. 1/26...more soon.
I need to beef up my axure skills! You are becoming an expert!
who? what frat? you already know im about to stalk him and then marry him.
hey heidi. I'm sure someone's corrected u by now but it's SEIZE the day... thought I'd help xoxo
looolz do that do i can know whatz going on up on that bitch lmao !!
Oh my, it wasn't because she thought BILL CLINTON was WHITE. Just send GRETCHEN CARLSON an e-mail and let her know BILL CLINTON is a BIG D.
Honored to be at 's Annual Conference, celebrating 27 million alumni of Head Start!
So, what made you smile?
I have a long way to go until Im as influential as sigh...
What's the difference between a #mashup and a smashup?
Light travels faster than sound. I'm told that this is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
lol i don't think you got to see the pimp cup tho.
50cent beers at Wise Fools tonight.
Checking out augmented reality - so cool
Get used to it. Noone in that stadium can take anything negative. It's full of 8 year olds.
HOME BORED DNT HAVE NTHYN TO DO
It was great seeing you. Hope it continues!
hunter hall farts like a chick
Game tonight gonna try to beast even tho we r low on ppl
thanks for the follow, great pics.
Sometimes you just got to give yourself what you wish someone else would give you. - Dr Phil
Happy May Day! :)
I forgot soccer was even around...
SKD photo shoot still going strong! Catch us on Fox 40 tomorrow morning at 6:30am!
do not.
there's a website like ispgroup something they have a ton and I have lots of books that have monologues for teenage girls
Thanks for the support!
LMAO..ok. bye.
Do you all remember a study in the past 2 years showing whites often don't notice people of color in ads?
Mm I want some
it's truee
MAN!!! I been sleep since 11 this morning!!! WTF is wrong with me?! I never take naps Smh
Yess I can't stand all that yelling and bullshit over the whole damn mixtape...LOL
My pleasure. Oh and I forgot to mention that I also put tiny bit of sea salt in it
Game turnaround right herr!!!
Congrats. I know you'll do well over there. Plus this will give you better odds on meeting Drake! J/K. Keep in touch.
Happy Sunday folks!
You're not up right now, Chicagoland. But if you are, take two steps outside and appreciate this perfect weather. Welcome to Santa Cruz.
Sad image of the day: Just saw a woman, slightly disheveled, carrying a chocolate muffin in hand, not eating it, walking slowly in the rain
We are looking forward to having you back! Are you heading back to MKE in between visits?
. at the Green Turtle and there's a crew of Avon ladies with a table in the lobby. Thought you should know :)
Last Saturday is not about to be dry , where the moves at?
Did she drown in the pool??
radar app is radar scope, worth every penny and then some!
RT : Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want. - Jim Rohn
Fifteen #USC players will head to Haiti to help build houses this summer. Sounds like Haden and Barkley. Character.
so, what the cover of Time tells me: publishing industry will virtually do anything to sell magazines these days...
I could barely get out of bed this morning because I was so sore!
absolutely horrible. Will RT
Send questions to our inbox... well answer and post em...
I just left an awesome umbrella on my desk and walked out into pouring rain...
you are AMAZING. just wanted to say that :) hope you had a great thanksgiving :)
#Oomf Owes Me Some Head
RT Arctic monkeys and maibock ! ML. Sounds amazing!
Opening night tonight of Murder on the Nile.
Shorts weather
Damn you #procrastination!
folks can't have an opinion anymore i guess...
The tax credit is over but Interest Rates are still at a all time low so what are you waiting for Refinance, Buy a New Home or Take Cash Out
So you are admitting to using a misleading title?
I just donated 1000 grains of rice by kicking ass in the famous paintings category. Too bad it's only like 1/2 cup of rice.
going to bed :]
His work looks interesting. Thank you.
- woman up and make the move!
Tulsans: Avoid if you're looking to sell. They're a bigger scam than campus bookstores.
5th of crown and not hungover!!!!!!!
its funny how as soon as i see Cool Whip trending i automatically think of Stewie on Family Guy lol (ik u like tht show) :)
do you have an iPhone app or iHeart radio available ?
.: We () are very careful about what we tweet. : Why? Tweets are so ephemeral. Try everything!
- Amen, Brax ; and Amen !
And so it begins... A great day for watching football
Missed my 1500th tweet
Staples Center in LA perhaps the busiest arena in history right now. 6 games on 8 networks in 3 days. Crazy!
Actually we do have a Starbucks in our main terminal. We also have local roaster Alterra in the main terminal, C and D.
My shoulder still hurts so fucking bad. Ugh. Ejdndkejsnfjr.
RT Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely. #GoodMorning Whatever you do today--> Get Results!
thanks the wreckless and there awesome process our shirts are finished.. /Users/beave14/Desktop/wrecked2.jpg
Seems like everyone i know is talking about marriage and kids and paint colors for their house, and i still feel like im 17 and roaming free
": You're either all in...or you're in the way." Guess I'm in the way.
building a site is only the first step albeit an important one. Generating visits and converting to leads is the tough part.
Easter candy is not vegan.
. As example of increasing conservatism, Armato cites new resistance to interdisciplinarity -- a battle thought won.
If you really love someone you will never lie to them because then the lie is bigger than your love for them..
you have the nicest body around
My daughter running in with excitement to show us her seeds have sprouted. Flowers, beans? We forgot. But still exciting.
there are two Republicans running in Nov., but no real chance against a Democrat in Baltimore.
What is the polite way to tell someone that every time they talk to you, it feels like they're carjacking your time?
Peyton to the Dolphins?!
re #2: I think that's actually a really good idea. Maybe a poll question on the library's website?
can u follow bck(:
True true. - I assume the seventies theme is a nod to when the campaign finance acts were first passed...
Lightning talk: , Project @ : Mobile Historical: online database for interpretive text, photos, etc.
Whack him and I'll send you a bonus RT : Someone just cussed me out for havin this hat on... Due for a long day in Boston lol
Our political system is broken. This country needs a 3rd Party in the worst way.
Sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory.
Happy National Teacher Day! Thank you to all teachers out there for everything you do!
I love Pit Bulls and Parolees
Milf? Ew! Not even that!! She's so wrinkly and saggy!! Her tits drag on the ground!
Ready for the day to be over! Tired!! Couple more hours left.
Just wondering who manages your online media services?
": good looks my g" u already noe I got my chicken up I want u to produce a mixtape 4 me
Guest #flamenco artist from Malaga, Antonio Arrebola, performing with Flamencura at Copa this Friday night at 8 pm!
yes they do team u cleaning the tub if u take a bath cuz I'm not bending down lol
'Water For Elephants' director Francis Lawrence takes over director's chair on ... - allvoices
Sen Randolph suggests that this issue be studied in interim committee.
Oh how cool! Not off the top of my head, but I'll tweet it out. :)
Slabtown will be holding a tournament Aug 21-22. We'll be bringing a few extra machines and set them to free play.
Actually, cancel that. I can't find anything that interesting. :'(
The Mind & Consciousness As an Interface #sxsw #BrainUI just starting science fact meets science fiction
Bad bitches ><
How about a pic of that bobblehead with the Holiday pack...
Ron Little (District CFO) Now talking re: Moody's credit rating downgrade.
Nothing really just being bored out of my mind and tired!!!:|
Boys are like parking spaces the good ones are take-in!!!!
What's up with your boy TB12's hair? Looks like he's channeling your old Mohawk.
Who's ready for Friday to be here already? I know I am for sure....
Wow you have been one busy girl!
I am dreaming of white sand beaches...
Busy week ahead here at the - season opener, , and Disney On Ice!
Word? I live in Texas, but I'm sure you'll like the Windy City
Yep, that happened here in Renton too....
let's go to timebomb Wednesday
sorry missed your tweet, I fell asleep, ttyt
gangster RT : Smart , I was just reading the story, slick. cc.
I hope #1omf missed me today :)
just found our first model to rep the state authentics columbus hat. she's real fly..
just leavin work
ME lol i used to have it and write in invisible ink so no1 could read it and only i had the light but after a while i coulnt
is the #BEST ddrummer in
Thanks for showing me all dat #PROMO #LOVE <3 XOXO
Save date for Veterans Benefits Seminar at the John D Dingell VA Medical Center in #Detroit on Saturday, May 5, 1- 3 pm. More info to come.
deep breaths!
NINE best picture nominations?! Ugh, when's the first debate?
hahahahah basically Zia the detergent gave Melissa a money shot 8==D- - - ;) $$$
Keep the scores coming, nick!! :)
RT Unless something else brewing, Brian Hartline now number 1 receiver in Miami. Defenses will put 11 in the box!
just replied via DM to you
Date night with my girl , yeah she's amaazzzzzziiinnnngggg 😘😊
That's BEAUTIFUL!
Trying to! :D
RT: : TODAY ALL SHORTS ARE 25% OFF!!! COME STOCK UP WITH GEAR!!!!
What is Josh using as walk-up music this year? I couldn't tell what it was the other night.
Do you really want me to eat duck?!
Great celebrity cameo by at tonight's Double Jump show.
nvkfsnvsjvnsvsd im so bored does anyone talk to me anymore
Bring on the #Rangers! See you Sunday #Tigers!!
Our innovative #chiropractic firm in #PDX is new to Twitter! Give us a follow for #industry #secets, giveaways, and #free consultations!
Let the radio marathon begin! On until midnight!!
#dead RT : nothin to worry about just lost my mirror guys :) x x
Met with Oprah's people today.
I give so many backrubs, the ladies at work call me the "Massage-o-nist." Now I KNOW the word is "masseur" but y'know, girls are stupid
I'll go.
The Patriots were 16-0 before losing in the championship.
As always, #hbrchat is THE fastest hour of the week.
how often r u on the set of days this week u r on there alot
Happy New Year everyone. we are taking a quiet day here to reflect and direct or efforts for the coming year. with much love -Nowhere
Hey Brad how long are you in LA?
Some of our favorite orgs & resources:
115 dollars for a Andrew Luck jersey at the Colts Pro Shop. No thanks.
Nice piece, tho wrong on one count: $22 mil would surely have obviated this week's cover (just sayin)
new song !!
Congrats Nina!:D
i followed back bro salute
Headed to Brooklyn! If you are in the area, come out and fellowship! Yes, I will sign your book! LOL
My "I'm a Grad Student working on my thesis" pitch has allowed me to talk to amazing people in the SM/Online Marketing for HigherEd world!
Your account has been hacked and is sending me spam DMs.
I'm still hungry
Morning!! Glad to know Im not the only one who is up before the sun! :)
Please God read my Tweet: Help Japan. Help Japan.
I need to seriously stop sleeping during the day.
No difference in liars and truth tellers in frequency of smiling.
$1 shipping! Get your sperantsa gear now!
Saw your pick-up game in Philly.amazing! If you're ever in New York check out a Bill Walton affiliated company
ill be the first one watchin it...hahha...luv ya..
While the kids are out trick-or-treating... Treat yourself to a nice hot mineral soak. Happy Halloween.
RT : So excited to have our terrific community employment partner volunteering 3 cheers for !
We are now on application #130114 - Lynn Retson.
What a fabulous idea--customized advertising. RT Hungry? We’ve got what you crave—10 Beef Sliders. .
lol yea we do
her comes kane
Why am so tired? Oh well, nap time ✌
In awl right now!
That was my favorite out of all "Teairra Mari interview" Very bold question with Rihanna. lol!! It was a OMG moment. Nice!!
tell him to wipe good for BIG ray
Advanergy is an end-to-end consulting firm which fully finances and manages commercial #energyefficiency projects across New England.
HAHAHA i totally feel you
Hello to our newest follower Have a great day
you is kind, you is smart, you is important.♥
": I always fall for the ones that would rather watch me fall."
Finders keepers
I wish I had Spike Lee's home address to tell everyone in the Mid-West so they can send him "mail"
letz tlk about our plans 2morrow cuz im too tired to think .
Reno singing Boyfriend by Justin Bieber >>>>>>>>>>>>
#WhenImBored I watch & 's YouTube videos! ❤❤❤
Dick Clark* gotta stay
I got a big ego. Bitch don't touch me.
I realize that my use of the word "career" might sound pretentious.
there will be NEW kids waiting around the BLOCK for those burgers!
I love you Thanks for being my best friend.
Ugh, I can't sleep:/ Zac Efron Just came on my Tv! Mother of God(: I was like..Woahhhh.
The Jay Williams of rap? RT I really thought JR writer was gunna be the next star
Ok, directv was here. Tv in front of treadmill connected with DVR. Time to watch the game and get a quick run in.
If people could read my mind, I'd get punched in the face a lot.
I feel like the shortest girl here ...
No better way to say goodbye to Austin for a few days than with breakfast tacos at the airport.
I've got love for Seattle. Not the greatest weather but the vibe of the city is more than making up for it.
hey, i'm looking for big-time otakon fans. are you one? do you know one? one that dresses up? hit me up, asap. it's for a story.
I cnt stand you !
Oh, my sweet little Janet! Always surprising us.
eh I likedem so I boughtem lol...and I wanted some black and white ones.
This is hilarious.
I've effectively wasted the past 45 minutes worrying about #rushlimbaugh, #ricksantorum and the downfall of society. Off to bed!
Going 0-8 at the plate but finish as winning pitcher, I'm guessing that would be a first (since 1900)...
Just living life to the limit!! How have you been?
where you at?
Libraries provide a great public service
Nope, THANK GOD, Miley is NOT in the
i feel sick
Specializing in film output: spot color seps, CMYK or simulated process we can output films any size & ship them to you in less than a day!
She be playin with me like shyt
If while you're on vacation you see Eli Roth, get the hell outta there ASAP!!!
RT Im beginin to think ur rt about PM using Broncs. His delay screwed hasselbck if he goes to TN. Pm just wants $
Happy new year to all my friends, family and followers. Hope to meet a few more of you in 2012
Rivalry is the life of trade, and the death of the trader.
Give me something for my soul. Write, man. WRITE!
I'm not a policeman, I'm a princess!!
"The Library has to go from being a grocery store to being a kitchen" --Bill Purdue
do you have a link?
are you looking for help with seo?
Damn,Glad January is Almost Ending.February is rite around the corner hahaaa.Den Dat Means Wen February comes couple weeks after Ill be 21 .
hm, if you want to push the npr api stuff through wordpress is probably a better bet.
": Which Manning deserves to be higher on this year's Top 100 countdown... Peyton or Eli?" Peyton, can't believe it's a question
...And free agencies is now open! Let's see what the #Eagles do.
looks a little cloudy
come on bruins! one period down two to go! :/
LOL It's coming along! Lovin it! RT : Thank you for the #FF!!! Twitter 101 is workin out, huh? lol XO
People these day -__-
You 25 I thought MAYBE you grew up! Guess I was wrong! Smh
Had lots of fun tonight at the
Follow Back?(:
Drew's doggedness and surprisingly, the defense, keeping us alive in San Fran.
that was a good choice man I made the mistake of getting the Virus worst purchase ever Buggy software & sounds the same as software
Don't get me wrong, I love giving blow jobs. But if the guy has a tiny dick, it's like, what am I even supposed to DO with that?
thanks! Saiyyan Re isn't really a FIT song, but Koi Kahe is on our featured five-- which choreographed!
Best line I've read today: "When it hops from birds to people, it has a disturbing tendency to kill them." (about H5N1 flu)
Only in Wisconsin haha
Let us know is we can help or answer questions! When we add CC sales, that will have a fee, but the rest is free.
still want that motorcycle?
We felt it very significantly near downtown Kansas City, Missouri...two waves of tremors, the second stronger than the first!
": Everyone watch FUSE tonight at 9 on tv!! You may see me ;)"and me woo
#PopularInThe90s The painful tumult of adolescence and also slap bracelets!!!
A March snowstorm in WI makes me crave porters & stouts, not summer brews. So why all the summer brew releases in March?
Just finished all 3 seasons of Sons of Anarchy. I gotta say it's a good show, but I'm sad at the way it ended in season 3.
You are really nice. And I see no problem with that, especially when it disarms people! It's a force for good. :)
yeah that stands out as extremely odd. Tragic if it's true, tragic if there's more to the story
Calle 13 Concert May 7 @ Congress Theater Chicago! Save the date. Tickets being given away @ Lalo's UIC on Wednesday & Vibe Lounge on Friday
Ugh. Take it day by day; bird by bird. Today, clearly, is a lay-low day. Sorry, hon.
I can't see ANY of you tweeting #GetAustinToTheTop10 what a shame.
“: I wanna go to kings island.” me too... Let's go
they shouldn't. It depends on condensation. You may have to retune tho
lost 13.7 pounds since his last weigh-in! He's lost 19.2 pounds so far.
Presenter using soccer skills to illustrate design principle. Nice! I can get that.
Raul Ibañez found the fountain of youth!
hahah! so true
I'll be right there. I want to join the bisexual club RT : Someone come visit me in my room
“ The difference between Mitt Romney and an Etch-A-Sketch: Broad Appeal”
Syracuse publishing a guide for recruiting, resourcing etc employing #veterans based on long study. Free Interactive ebook.
same! we're going over to that locker in the morning and guess who else is gonna be theree;)
maybe you can tell me how to crop a document (not just a new dartboard)
write a blog about #Barcamptampa share it with us
RT : “: got you!!”<~I'm not playing!! I'm up the street from you sir!//smh pizza cold now.
Just one dull moment would be nice.....
me too! #Girls rocks! :)
Wishing the entire House of Israel a chag samach& shabbat shalom props to my boy Moses for leading our way to freedom
Realistically? No. We have a larger student pop, and to not have benchmarks for cut-offs would create more stress on admissions
#ff - a actor who has got it together! Check out her blog.
Happy birthday
Ur one of my favorite actors <3 I just love seein ur face and ur funny too :-)
My thoughts exactly. RT : Pickle Juice. RT : Man I got a nasty cramp in my leg in the middle of the night.
'LET THE MUSIC SPEAK FOR ITSELF"
Hey everyone this is the Official Chuck Wicks Florida streetteam so tell all your friends to follow us for the latest Chuck news!
JUST HIRED a full-time Sr. Java Developer....plenty more spots to fill for both mid-level and Sr. Java positions. If anyone is looking for…
I'm in a good follow mood. So follow me for a follow back.
Great to see South Carolina trending on #Twitter. It's a great place to be (please RT).
Good morning and happy Tuesday! Time to play artist and make some butterflies.
1 year guys wow,and were not going anywhere<3
Hey can I comeover? I need to get out of this house. I need someone to fangirl with me.
die verse city apparel.
Reinforces my reason why quitting twitter is a fantastic idea. Thanks guys...
I've been alternating between the 2. I need get a smaller kettle bell before I try the TGU. *I already tried with a 35 lbs*
Thx Mac! :) : Nice work! Way to represent
are u? If u are ima be mad. Ima still come up there and kick it tho
"Ya'll need to understand, that when girls reach for their purse... That's a fake reach. She don't mean that."
Yea the Honor Guard ordered some Formal White Cotton Gloves today. I love our military men and women and I am proud to glove them.
We're here at the #MomsatTheWH chat w/ &
The finishing touches are on the Ghapfm Hamilton Video. Would you like to give the gift of entertainment?
Playing Southgate house tonight at 9:45! Come out!
My car is about to be fucken hot!! -.-
Okay, I RT everything that made me smile. So, good morning all! Have a productive day...
please support breast cancer awareness by checking your self
#MARCHMADNESS NCAA come hang with us!
I will definitely try 2 b on my best behavior, but no promises once ur bass hits me in the face! Pumped 4 both of ur shows
Hittin' on dudes... hard.
josh smith just layed it down
at the Lakefront Path and Fullerton
Come and get some sweet tweets tonight 18th and Texas in the heart of the depot. We are serving up some FOOD by the Dude!
yeah - holy shit is right! i can't believe it myself. most of that has happened outside of the small insular world of comics.
i'm on this website , &' i met this kid from Canada , &' he likes you'r song boyfriend <3 i told you it was amazing <3 (;
I just saw the sick vids of "rebels" beating to death any person who is dark skinned. But their oil is so sweet!
you don't use punctuation in hashtags NECK
Snow-dusted sidewalks certainly aren't keeping the diners away for Baltimore Restaurant Week! We love having you all in for lunch-- thanks!!
Just celebrated 10 years of with the team. 3PM champagne, cider, cupcakes, strawberries & connectedness.
well said. #SecClinton: We don't have to choose btwn doing well & doing good. The only choice we have to make is to do better.
Brunch with us tomorrow and then roll right over for Derby Day at Maxie's.
maybe the police of Evanston need to deputize us?
Loudest I've ever heard this building is when Richie just scored. Let's make it louder by burying the winner.
im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak she put a bucket under it
Thx! You Rock! I just bought my prom dress even though I have 5 months to wear it thanks to !! :)
I don't think you realize... No one cares
a little lol about as entertaining as reading a book lol jk
So far, this is going to be VERY Beastie Boys heavy.
Phil Dunphy is the most naive dad ever. I wish he was my dad.
I can't stop thinking about some fried pickles from ! Once you know they are out there, you can't help but become addicted!
LOL that's the PR world babe
wait what??
Merry Krampus! Almost.
RT "Faith is daring the soul to go beyond what the eyes can see." - William Clark
where are you???
I love everybody. Some I love to be around, some I love to avoid, and others i'd love to punch in the face.
Going to see my only brother. Seeing for the first time in 2 years. So excited! ^_^
DALLAS WAS INCREDIBLE. Partied like a rock star, met CHEESEHEADS all over, players, etc...
I will not buy a puppy on my lunch break. I will not buy a puppy on my lunch break. I will not buy a puppy on my lunch break.
RT if you always see those annoying ads on your compu/laptop saying "You are a winner" or "Click here to win a fre blahblahabsitzscholts"
yes lol I'm only visiting I never came with intentions of staying!
woo! Congratulations!
No more drinking before a show for me, or in general for a while. Todays Day 2 of my new workout and liquor just does not help at all.
sign me
Let us know if you would like to meet up. Thanks!
Love it. Go renovation!
I'm down for that. Now to move closer to all of you...
Live tweeting!
#winbig tonight with $1 drinks using #bartab! Follow us and we will hook you up!
No problem. Do you know her personally?
No problem, Anika! That was oodles of hard work, beautifully done work!
thanks for the follow! Happy Sunday! Come to the Home show tmoro, it's free!
A 15 yo girl w/terminal cancer made a bucket list. One wish: To trend on Twitter. Give a RT
I know I like when they wake them up haha!
LMFAO tmill got offended as fuck at that tweet
Words can't express how happy I am to have college football back.
Have to own up! I'm watching Downtown Abbey.
Just returned from day 1 of color correction on the film. What a great experience at Nolo Digital. I highly recommend them!
13.1 - #crushed. Feels amazing to put in the time $ see a great outcome.Couldn't have done it without amazing support. You know who you are!
Our lawn is green for st patty's day...is yours?
Still in court with the todos somos arizona defendants. If you're in downtown come on by to show support at press conference. 11:30.
I just saw that you RTed my article this week. Thank you much! It was totally inspired by Once Upon a Time. :)
I'm shocked you're shocked at the Obama/Bush poll. Name a major media figure who doesn't spin all Obama victories as inadequate.
You never gave me your number. :( btw diss girl got some major CollinsCold<3
Let it out.
he turned into the ghost when we told him he has to pay! good one
Visiting Austin w/ #UnitedWay of #Texas talking public policy, #aca, #obamacare, and women's leadership.
like foreal your the most beautiful follower I have :D haha
just gave a great speech at the Philly #autism expo
You're cute. Like really cute. Stay beautiful :D ~~
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw getting along with all parties is the key to resolving the final agreement.
You're welcome!
Urock tour 2012 Darichboyz getting to the money "Travel the World" we got em "Wide Open"
bro u see chill af an if u got a ps3 add me peyton112
All is well. We moved to atlanta last summer and we're enjoying the city. Working on a new ms. How are things with you?
will you be at the USA vs Ecuador friendly game at Red Bull Arena?
Scala is like all the worst parts of Perl gangrenously grafted on to the Java pig.
My mf stomach hurt as in im hungry af
If you are a male and above the age of around 20 and wearing hollister- I am just going to assume you are a European tourist. So its excused
Game of the night right here Game 7! Its the LakeShow!
Great vids on youtube! How do you recommend loading out the MP9 w/ Akimbo in MW3?
I like dating strippers cause they forget about shit all the time... Like that date we were supposed to be on but I met that other girl.
1 more attempt at THE point! NOT blaming screenwriter- great screenplays/talent don't have to fizzle out if Biz Models change
Congratulations to everyone graduating this year from high school and/or college...keep up the good work!!
Really enjoyed seeing live in Portland this weekend. They brought out the inner scientists in all of us.
great tip!! Thanks.
I love sitting at home alone. Lol.
and I like my dudes all dark like coal :))
I Really Dont Feel Well Though !
I got experience. Old head taught me back in '96. I was 4. Never forgot the lessons.
I always feel so good after talking to my gram. Love her.
If you have a shade of blush that fades away after an hour or that's hard to blend into skin, get rid of it.
wondering why we party so hard...we gotta stop drinking so much
(Det. Douglas Epperson investigated Isaiah Simmons' death; Barnes says credibility issues from another case taint him for the Simmons case)
User:Akmkbstc - Wiki
ShoutBack to the Best Pro Breakdancer (& Boom Mic Operator) ;D 4 our RT: : S/O to the best deli place in sacramento
I need to find a better dog sitter next time I leave town... the neighbors did a better job then my roommate! And she's my sister! Lol
We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Vacant Homes Detrimental Unoccupied homes cause major issues for everyone in the neighborhood. Dallas, Texas
Wow! Lucky you, reminds me of Kermit's performance at the O'Neill in 2010!
I use to mess with her
Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name
there's no one to take to the baseball game. :/
I like GoogleBuzz - it also fixes the lack of comment notification in G-Reader. Social networking within email makes sense.
Should I give him a second chance?
RT : All 60s garage rock songs basically have the same guitar solo.| Really? Only in that they borrowed from Chuck Berry.
case by case basis. No clear yes or no. But I know thousands online and have met a few hundred over the years.
knew I had a good nite last nite,when I woke up and couldn't breathe.🚬😁
no that tweet creeped on me
How old are you?
they used to do that to me all the time! then they sent me a new card and it hasn't happened since.
Kind of obsessed with Freelance Whales :3
I didn't know the names on the 9/11 memorial were placed by relationship. Really interesting and very...human. I like it.
Kids: practice your free-throws.
Thanks Stacey!! RT love your new look (website, that is-lol)!
Do you like that iPad stand? I've been shopping around for one for my desk at work...
- cold out there on the lakefront? or was it alright? this girl really misses running, my treadmill is getting dusty.
don't be hating on my Timmy!!
You can't be GREAT at what you do, if you're not putting time and effort into it
Hey Ms Lady! Every ep deserves a watch party w/wine and popcorn, lol...how are u babe?
Friends and family no call no show?
Goodness!!! I'm not into basketball but there's some ill ish going on in March Madness! Mizzou and Duke bit the dust? WIIZZZOW!!!
HOW IS EVERYONE'S DA GOING???:):):)
Los Angeles for the day... Wish it was longer. 65 degrees feels amazing!
Lol at 😒😒 haha she comes over and says "let me have some of your candy so you dont get fat!" *runs over to my candy*
of 106 & Park will be making a visit to Miami TOMORROW. Catch her at Miami Gardens (4797 NW 183 St) at 4:30.
Why do I always end up liking guys with crazy ass baby mamas?
Awesome! I will be calling to get more details
The glass is neither half-full nor half-empty: it's twice as big as it needs to be.
Its Friday!!! Dance Party Dance Bethesda starting at 8pm with lessons folowed by party and Jack & Jill contest. See you tonight!
fucking break the sound barrier and get the fuck out of there.
'SeaNanners' and the art of video game commentary - CNN
Amazing! Send us pics! ; )
I hate him with a passion since he joined my most hated team but I respected him alot in Cleveland
We still have a little bit of space left for Valentines Day Dinner. Call 434 971 1800 for reservations.
WE ARE
Its freakin snowing! In May!!
RT : Just added our 4,300th LinkedIn member to the Wake Forest Career Connectors group!
Reality hits you hard bro.
I VOTED AGAIN ON COED, AND YOU SHOULD SEE MY COMMENT I LEFT ABOUT YOU
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to keeping in touch with you and reading your tweets.
just because of that tweet, I'm gonna finish this cheese.
another one bites the dust Bye Pens
fung wah bus driver just chugged an entire bowl of miso soup, burped, shut the door, and threw it into first gear
how much are the action kits?!?!???
Nothing hurts more than being disappointed by the person you thought would never hurt you.
No idea what you're talking about but, it just sounds funny
My contact about housing in NYC called and told me not to get on the bus yet. He says he has a plan B, but I can't get through to learn it.
Check out www.facebook.com/bookguilddc everyday for great holiday giving ideas!
don't tease! Because I'll srsly come chill with one of my P&R favs!!
I NEED YOU HERE BUT YOU'RE ALWAYS SO FAR AWAY.
Headed to the ou spring game to see what the No.1 team in the nation look like!!!!
YATES CO SHERIFF: Penn Yan Police Department phones are back in service
They say that if you eat a dozen almonds as a late a afternoon snack, it's good for you. But, who can really stop at just 12?
love you peyton <21 night...well morning
hey Mickey, great job.
Just spent $60 on gas for a 2 seater sports car. Thanks Obama
Trying to copy one blackboard course to another. It's 1.1 Meg, and they'll email me when it's ready to download. It's 2011.
Thx 4 the follow! And more importantly your service to America!
the type of crap u tweet is why I stay on Twitter
Who wants to get drunk and watch Titanic in 3D with me? Then again, who just wants to get drunk?
cool (: LOL :P I'm just playing on my phone here!
By god, I want to win free wedding invitations from and They are just so dang pretty.
4 down and 1 to go in GB. Packers players contine to be an amazing group. Driver, Jennings, Jones and Hawk are the real deal!
Fight On!
Working in #aftereffects +
I'm just an amateur offensive coordinator, but I have to believe it would be beneficial for the Browns to run a route longer than 5 yards.
mines not just doing it on my android it's been doing on my iPod to....I'm starting to get angry *growls*
Happy Easter!!!!!
what do you mean
I will be at Macadam's Bar & Grill in SW PDX between 6:45 & 8:45 if any of y'all want to keep me company.
friend of ours (Malley and I) tipped us to that one. and this is my new name, other one has gone to the underscore cemetery
happy birthday :)
I’d rather regret something I did, than something I never did when I had the chance.
let's seriously go to the beach again !!
The festivities begin at Arvey Field- Roosevelt and Columbus at 6:15. Get your free t-shirt when you register!
Bored at home :-( Nothing 2 do... guess I'll go get a taco salad frm
The new Dark Knight trailer was fucking awesome
ok yourself
We're busy getting ready for our next road show in Arkansas! We can't wait to share our toffee with wonderful members there!
Lol twitter boo's?
Good stuff Keep up the tweets.
thanks Nancy!! Hope all is well in your clan!!
People say they dont like when artist do mixtape songz. #SoWhat Freedom of expression tho.
right doe ...
Gloomy day in MN bring some food sleeping weather
Stay tuned for announcement of the official hotel sponsor of this year's event!!!
RT The flag shall be flown at half-staff ... on the day of death and the following day for a Member of Congress. 4 USC 7(m)
Doing the high jump next mod. Why does my gym teacher make us do this. We don't know anything about track. I'm probably gonna break somethin
Planning a trip to LA with them lol SMH to all the fake people out there and to the idiots who allow ppl to be fake to them
with drake and we are drunk as fuuckkkk
Cool ! I also posted to the LinkedIn BC Entrepreneur group & should take a look at too
Speak on it at 2:50pm EST
Seems a known writer can self-publish w/ good results. Do you foresee a future when an unknown writer can do the same?
Love the profile pic!
...I'm speechless. I've seen it more times than i can count, and know very few people who can. Point: Shenea
At sirens eating dinner. So delicious.
I am because you are.
The stars are aligning.
hang in there. The Starbucks across the way is always a good option too.
Do You Blowdry Your Hair? Haha (:
last two weekends i've been playin a bunch of cumbias. thx for this!
Totally agree! ever since #newtwitter, I feel like there's a lot less conversation...Maybe the layout is just too much?
People stay complaining bout they situation stop complaining and change it
Winter break! Music is going to be made
So, me and Andrew decided we want to do a cover of "How To Love." Pretty fucking awesome right?! xoxo Tori
don't stand outside in the rain for the peas
pfft, I've had a couple HRs and some wins already. But it's my keeper league, I've been building several years
me too. i don't think i slept long enough to dream. went to bed at 5:30am. tonight, let's tho it.
I'm going to marry Ellen
It's 2012!!!! And we want to introduce you to our new project Add us, like us, sing, dance, jump, laugh party with us.
Good point. Do you think there should be?
Happy Birthday Blessings! Thank for your mission to heal.
Had great fun yesterday w/ & on a shoot for ! Wonderful ppl to work with :-)
how do you feel about cemetaries with no headstones, just flat plates on the ground? makes for easier mowing and less clutter.
I know right its because my class basically thought that it was gonna be easy to raise money but now we gotta pay friggin $100
"I wasn't that drunk." "Dude, you took a cleaning sponge and yelled 'Spongebob! What have they done to you?!?'"
well done Shay 
That's fair, but with a player this talented I think you have to put aside how you feel about him. He'd be a huge pick up.
Great #Shuttle Coverage Tom! Enjoyed watching you, Eun and Aaron--was able to see it because of your play-by-play!
Love the concept and the post-production!
Sure! show your work Suze
Correct understanding of persona creation lead to use & satisfaction with personas. Of course.
Glad to hear you are making progress. Looking forward to a complete series of picture books on history in every school ;)
excellent retweet. I may or may not be a few beers in.
Launching mobile-optimized version of usabiliTEST to provide basic information. Unfortunately iOS does not support some functionality.
#ThingsIGetAlot....You talk so WHITE....
Congrats! That's awesome!
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox.4
When sleeping in = waking up at 9.30am
(712): It's that time of year where we just drink more instead of dressing warmer.
Had a wonderful time with some fab bitches :)
something witty :)
yes! We've been giving at least one out every year for the past 8 years, I believe. This year's winner is from Grants HS.
Bridge night returns tomorrow with a bang-- and snacks! Don't miss this fun game night for all ages. 7p.m. at the library.
"What if learning conflicts w/ a PR message?" THAT is the question.
Congrats , on the big win tonight
