yeah my nigga
Maybe it's time we give away a Thermostat! We've hit 200 "likes" Thanks to everyone for the support!
` bout that time to
follow me bro
it would be a beautiful bday gift to be tbagged by the Bar
#STAR #astrology Mercury aligned with sect in favor when rises before Sun in day chart, rises after Sun in night chart.
Well the outcome is going to be, regardless. That much is certain.
LOL! Aw...GOTTA love em :-) RT ": My model is ruining my photo shoot. Lol ugh sisters.... crossing fingers."
RT : #studio now. focus
this rain is killing my plans. I was going surfing tomorrow...dang runoff might make it unsafe. How are you? Great I hope.
screw you guyz, okay, just leave... gahhh
What does FCPA stand for?Finally Caught Pinching the Assets
IG comm. team: Call for you Bailey. : No, it's just my phone telling me to take my Fuse out of the freezer.
Seeing #thelyons next week with
totally made my half day xD
Retweet this post if you LOVE our mac'n'cheese!!
362: The only plans I had for this vacation involved pajamas and relaxation, and I'm thankful I got a whole bunch of both today.
lifting waits or eating at mcdonalds?
Argh. May Day postponed, folks: MT Due to poor weather, we have decided to POSTPONE #MayDay2012 til Sun May 13. Pls help spread word!
Nice tweeting w/you during #smsportschat. Another great discussion.
RT : #Fit Tip: It's national walking day! Schedule one in during your lunch break or this evening.
1st person i go to 4advice...RT : I need your advise.. I have a job interview tom.. Any last min prep suggestions?
Everyone is talking @ the movie, Horrible Bossess. I have to ask, do you think men or women make better bosses? (I'm afraind to find out!)
Just finished working up my one-sheet for a writer's conference in June! I am so totally stoked!
Art class
“: You think the Lakers will get past OKC?” - Yes. They are my team. I have faith.
is there a full moon or something? you are so a Jennifer! :)
I love that after 5 yrs of marriage, date night now means eating tons of garlicky food and falling asleep on the couch before 10.
I feel like the water at Starbucks is damn good, and free.
Im from the GO...'!!! Eeeaahhh
my dog ran away. :( I miss him already.
I'm Sorry But No Other Band Can EVER Compare To Big Time Rush. Not Even 1D. It's Juss A Fact
nice tweet there clev! That's the hang of it!
What Makes Games Like &#39;Angry Birds&#39; So Addictive?
Who's going out tonight?
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Last day of no #coffee. See y'all on the dark side.
Where is the #Jewish cmnty on #TrayvonMartinMurder? & why does the Jewish cmnty (i.e. controlled media) suppress that #Zimmerman is Jewish?
Tonight at 6:30p we're hosting the "Leveraging Location Based Services in your Biz" preso by
Jealous in not there! Charlotte does Mutemath right!
Ihop In A Little With
Keep waiting then lmao
Caramel Machiotto.... It was extra strong yesterday.... Lol
lol naw.. jus ur @ name and ur bio ..i expected to see sum..Feel free to post dem doe
MY SHINY TEETH THAT SPARKLE, ADDN' BEAUTY TO MY FACE RT MY SHINY TEETH THAT TWINKLE JUST LIKE THE STARS IN SPACE
King Diamond is one of the most creative and original metal acts ever. There is nothing remotely close.
Watch hw yo try carry it
Thanks for following Dr. Miller!
long exposure = so much emotion
sorry hey :)
finally finished time to put some clothes on. Pictures shortly
so frickin excited for revenge!! trying not to hear any spoilers from the east coast!
got alot done on our routine (:
open christmas eve til 7pm! closed christmas day, back to business friday!
Really not looking forward to leaving tomorrow.
i did the original twitter size so if it look weird dont worry some one else would see it better or maybe u can too
Very true. This would only work for specific alum. (i.e. Gen X, Y)
Another #PKD score today: first PB edition of "Flow My Tears, the Policeman Said." Semi-distressed cover, alas, but only 3 bux.
tony hawk likes to look longingly at satalite dishes while holding his deck. travis pastrana trys crazy spinning moto tricks. they rule.
i just found out is coming to Tucson! i have to see him!!!
I haven't brought my binder to school in like 2 months... Whoops lol.
I love that I'm working patio this morning its gorgeous outside!
RT : Hooray, the sun's back out after morning showers in Honolulu. Waikiki surf 1-2 ft w/occasional waist-high sets. Get wet!
So I caught all eight trips in the 5p hour here on the UP-West Line. Was a very fun 43 minutes, nothing out of the ordinary.
Time for work :/
My ebay order shipped from Yorba Linda, Ca supposedly to Topanga, Ca but went thru Honolulu 1st. No wonder the USPS in nearly bankrupt.
It's the big yellow signed building with songs for sale inside, but if you're in New York - I don't know.
You are AWESOME! tks for the kind mention :)
My boyfriend gave me a poptart to take to work so I could have dinner.
At least the drinks are cheap!
Access at a Cont'd Q: "When was the last time that the public was in here?" A:"Never, except for employees..."
crack head thieves.
What Heavy D died ???? Smh
Stayed there 'til they forced us out And took the long way to your house I can still hear the sound of you sayin don't go
Mr. Darey: *yells to class* hey would you guys be offended if Esley took her pants off to sleep? Class: No. Me: lmao thanks :')
i followed now c'mon, follow or DM me please. <3 :)
YAY YOU FOLLOWED ME:D
thanks doll. Hosting Costume contest tonight so gotta get ready. Repurposed some stuff will post pix.
Is it time for producers to start rewriting wire copy? THE ANSWER IS YES.
Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight, just a touch of the fire burning so bright. <3
careless and carefree are almost opposites...caring is the only way to feel carefree.
We get out at 10:20 today -_- this school pointless
If Martin is backing away, the conflict is drawing down. No reason to shoot him.
water acts as a natural appetite suppressant. the more water you drink, the less cravings you'll get for those bad foods you love
Pretty cool no? Like how the kids love the flavor and think it is cool to eat "local beef." Talk about savoring place.
listening again! My favorite song! #SaySomethin love you Austin!!
y not?
long is our middle name! yes it has been a while Sorry!
Great marketing meeting with !!
The OSM sale ends tonight at midnight. Use the code PIH for 10% off all items in the store while the show Pregnant in Heels is on Bravo now!
I agree with the outrage re Trayvon, but what about all of the other black males killed every day in our country?
gmail got a facelift... i am kinda digging it
If you can't hang then there's the door baby.
Waiting for the weekend:)
I am a brave young woman. So different than my first solo apartment in #Tempe. Made drive from Phx to kill a roach!
Spam makes twitter suck
Requirements for renewable portfolio should be eliminated because it is too costly says Kintigh
Cameron told Latrice "I'm not seeing the family resemblance, ya'll look like friends in a Tyler Perry movie!!! Hahahahahahahahaha
SWEET! There's a Dogg Haus by UWM now!
Play ball
Manning Signing To The Broncos?? That's Cool And All, But Where Is Tebow Gonna Play? I Thought The Broncos Were Gonna Ride With Him... Hmm..
Is 's gonna be at the Kohl's thing tomorrow??!?!?!?!
They are so cute!
the music video sucked pipi's, actually.
Sending prayers up now for you and your family!
So we're visiting Atl & my son sees one of his favorite rappers at Central Station & asked to take a pic & he disses him.
i wish the length of my phone charger was endless.
oh man..... we are screwed!
Aye thar Halo 4 comes out 11/6 do, my brothers gonna be ballin online wit me?
it was so relaxing! the water was perfect!!
Lovin it!! We just watched the demo video. Lots of oohs and aahs in the office just now!
Thanks, found it. So you use it to add keywords for more accurate searches of/organize your own files, right?
Every year I get all my equipment for football with my number and then I have to change my number. It's getting ridiculous.
Something as simple as an emergency blanket and a poncho for only a few $'s could save your your life on the trail.
Who wants to co-own ? :) tweet me.
#obama hopes I'm more angry about what Mitt Romney does with his money than what Barack Obama does with mine.
My mom and I would love to meet you. I had a book signing at the Autism Speaks event @ Soldier Field last year and it was a blast.
That awkward moment when you accidently text the wrong person, and the wrong person is next to you because your on a date with them lol.
I was born to be who um gonna be...
Practice practice practice! & had lifesaver gummies for dinner!
Good morning everyone have a great Thursday
*insert el grito here*
Some people just expect way too much from others
#TheThingIHateMost is dey love you when your doing good, but no where around when your doing bad.
Looking cute today last!
"All my life I knew that there was all the money you could want out there. All you have to do is go after it."
“: so are you guys the same as ” We are the same family of restaurants, this promotion is only for Clayton
are you making magical moments yet, or what?
Im finna do Mr. Reynolds test..
RT : Good for you! > Happy New Year, Marla!
Listening to some good relaxing music. Going to bed..goddnight.
I have ordered 4 things online the past two weeks. I have received 0 things at my door.
New game: how many times they say "keep me posted" in 24 Hours in each episode.
Vegas observation #2: The Gideon Bible is nowhere to be found in this hotel room.
Um.. You might have been right. I didn't ask why
thanks! Never know maybe we both will work together!!!
I wouldn't be opposed to having those fucking Swedes cloning me. That way that fucker can wake up early.
I love watching weird people flirt
Okay RSA paper. You can't hide from your destiny forever. You will be written.
Clarification - $1000 if you set the new event record,only one prize per race
Use all the analytics in social media to develop relationships and keep the buzz going.
Nichols says look at capacity of student before deciding on inclusion.
Love you Chris, your show rules!!!!!!
Hope to get up tonight!!
Someone call me 😔
Want to try something new? Come down to the Baltimore Burger Bar to try the B's Easter Bunny Chef's Special made with brown butter rabbit!
I am right with you. Disney geek! Love it.
That is a truly amazing line up
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity. - Louis Pasteur
Why do people continue to talk to you after you ignore them or look like you're not interested? If I have yet to look up, just shut up!
Ha! Yes. I was more thinking he'd like the replicas of small-town America (very Dandelion Wine)
Social networking, combined with great content (awesome tees) is how we are going to make this work. Please pass along to your friends.
Going to a TNA show just to hold a sign that says "Go watch Superstars" and see if it gets on TV.
Have a Smoshing day Smodcaster and an awesome Smoonear!! see ya in 2012 !!
TEAM BIEBER IS BEAST!!!!! :D
make that a shoulder replacement and we're golden :) “: Gearing up for my knee replacement at age 30 #RetiredAthlete”
Hey!! Here's a  for you
what up brahh
RT I would've never won this #MVP without 's refs. Thanks for the help sir!
I've got a good guess :-)
File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N)
- Right, too bad the eclipse didn't happen in Atlanta, where we're shooting. Maybe something in post.
We will have Buffalo and BBQ. Korean BBQ Marinated will be on next week.
Rallying in spirit with westchester library advocates in Albany today....
Group discounts available for upcoming shows perfect for junior high n below age 6145057 for info
Morning filled with paper work. I have initialed & signed so many pages in the past few days my inits and sig are starting to look funny.
S/o to my newest follower
via : Sarah Thomas from Bodley Library is up -- will the library become obsolete?
No, tonight it's Pacers-Magic, then the Thunder-Mavs. Spurs play the Jazz at noon tommorow.
Brian just threw down the fastest lap yet! Get down here to Conlon's on Abbott and see if you can beat it! w/ and
awww thanks Neal. I like it too. I just hope people make it that far :)
I'm 1 follow away from 100! Help a brotha out people!!
i wish would notice me ;O
went to sleep - yes. so sorry. have a great day!
hell yeah.
RT : Discouraged by the growing gap between those who use technology and those who develop it. You can do it!
your nuts
Brewers game #4 tonight. I'm 1-2 on the year.
you know I want in. don't keep me out.
Oh how I'd rather be in Nashville right now<3
me too. :o I'm home alone every day though for hours on end. /:
All the tunes that iTunes ate are now downloading to my phone. Thank you iCloud!
Bob Nash says he's changing "best practices" to "pretty darn good practices" in deference to
Lebron To Miami GO HEAT
you rock. lol.
thanks! Glad to be back!
Really? That's strange on at least 3 levels. But great!
“He Who Opens A School Door, Closes A Prison.” by Victor Hugo
I love shopping but not for others. Stupid
I wonder if it violates ethics rules if it's not clearly labeled as parody?
Paula Deen, Guy Fieri & other chefs in #DC November 5-6 @ DC Convention Center
what did you buy?
8 and.0 half and or final. reminder
No it's don't let the door hit you where mother nature split you !
Started at 1st week freshman year. Today's the last episode. It's the defining aspect of college for me. Great people/memories.
Always remember you can do anything with God if you ain't got no one else but God you already a winner
I don't change my mind . I fell in love with this guy. And I never stopped loving him
when was UW ever truly relevant? and they've got just as much talent if not more and still couldn't get the w.
NO I won't be in Pittsburgh for Beach House at Mr. Smalls! Fail!
yes, definitely!
Great phrase...you're on the right track!
Or good singers.
Quick Hits: iPhone Feature May Have Helped Husband Uncover Cheating Wife In today's Quick Hits, tracking technology helps uncove
thanks for the mention. We need to meet up!
Or any of us? RT : So how long til you have to represent yourself? RT : Maggie Myers, Esq.
I was so confused as to why I'm following a black girl
come to Miami!! LV in July?
i goott it.
I'm off work for the weekend! Hoping to hear some exciting stories from everyone on Monday.
1 big school, full of fake bitches(;
Live life for the moment because everything else is uncertain-Louis Tomlinson
4. ¿Facebook o Twitter?: emm , los dos(:
OMG THOMAS TWEETED YOU!!!!! xD
Nice effort by C.J. Fair.
I NEED ANOTHER JUG OF WILD KOOL-AID. & CHILI-CHEESE FRIES WIT WINGS. #BRANDLIFE LUNCH...FWM
your a great dancer i wish i could dance like you xoxoxoxoxoxox - Trysten love you
what was it you saw in your talent scouting that indicated that the Angels looked like one of the best teams in Arizona ST?
You might also follow as he is new to the Twitter and tweets cool stuff about Victorians and George Eliot.
Oneonta, NY peeps: i'ma be in town tonight. i'm being interviewed on 90.9 WONY FM!
Starting to dig into 's #dhdebates and looking forward to the release of the non-static online version.
Home made ravioli tonight! Wish me luck.
8.7mi in 1:20. Guess that's ok having had an exhausting week and not running in over a week.
i want to jump on the color block bandwagon!
aint nobody better its just a word with definition
Thanks to ,the other local businesses, & volunteers that participated in the #LocalUnderground Tent Party. Cheers!
Oh, now i get it. You'll be fine.
Yay so happy to see The Foo Fighters win!
I hear the rumblings of a "Scalabrine" chant in the 300 level. Now? Really? REALLY? cc:
And when you say a prayer make sure you say "In Jesus name."
bEsT nIgHt EvEr..
Office Hours.
The address where I can be reached today: America's Most Beloved Ballpark, 4 Yawkey Way, Boston, MA 02215.
Apple store = hell
In other news, I'm making a sandwich right now because I figured if I'm going to act like a bitch I can get treated like one. STREETS.
Happy Friday Luvvs :)
Neither! I'll post em soon as someone takes them.
Why the fuck am i mean to you?!
what are you guys up to this weekend?!?
ha, good question.
RT : What've you heard about SD that you've always wanted checked out? Any urban legends? Let us know & we'll fact check!
I need beauty. Tips:-) I miss u:-)
'The Kinetik Tour' with & will be kicking off this Spring!
He looking at other who n talking about them why im on the phone....lol lol ooohhhhhhkkkaaayyyyy
you need to do an Friday Fives.
You know you're at a college when you find a box of condoms in the parking lot... #awkward. haha
#ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch THIS HASHTAG!!! *bowtie spins so fast that i zip off into space, end up marrying a satellite*
"I would send her a picture of my d*** and bubble gum and say chew on this" haha that shit was funny
Follow us on Instagram keyword: kinetikmetal.
After hearing lil boosie daughter speak bout making money with her daddy.....Obama needs to make this education a top priority lol
LOL I'll trade u an original piece for a rosary.
12 hour shift tomorrow! Bring it on #weekendscloser 🍸
(Reading stats) Sum of u chicks standards 2 high better leave that high maintenance shyt 4"chilly"(TLC) cuz yo ass finna stay single
It's all fun and games until your radio station starts playing Phil Collins.
A9: Part 2: Been part of or facilitated discussion of news company structure as it affected our ability to innovate, seize future.
Summer 2012. Get here. Like now.
when a boy writes off the world it's done with sloppy misspelled words if a girl writes off the world it's done in cursive.
Kicking off bots, trolls, and "bisexual college female" types.
so I'm right. right? it goes in the vault
RT : Happy Thursday! The juice bar's Brew Dr. kombucha offerings today are Superberry and Clear Mind.
Me too! Bought it last night at Target, along with Curious George DVD, and a water squirter for the little man.
sure no problem
LOL - wait until you have only 25 days left...the freak outs are much more often. Eek!
Im so proud of myself , fuck everybody else "_^
Saw retired space shuttle at JFK. So cool. But do I have a pic? Ah, no.
i assume he's retaining trudy's water in sympathy.
No one have a great love like Him, thanks Jesus!.
#yobitv Nice - twitter search box on the YOBI Live page is back up and running. Thank you ! You da man
Sharp cheddar, strawberries and popcorn too. I was raised right.
White guy can't dunk coincidence? I think not
Can somebody PLEASE explain to me WHY Tf I'm here! #honestly I don't know why!
wow those people who u think are ur freinds arent and they gonna be fake 2 me
Staios trade was announced on a Jamie MaClennan fake twitter account. It fooled more people than it should have
Genres are dumb anyway. I know what I like, and I should be smart enough to come up with better descriptions.
new youtube videoo in a bitt! please share it view it and send me feed backk on it
Somethings are best unsaid...note to self.
rt Reasons people book home parties: Inviting friends over/entertaining, free stuff, showing off their home.
IM COMING HOME HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOVER!!
Products dropping in LA and Miami! More cities to be added soon
he has no choice the people want him out.
finally found midi cable, i.e. music break...
Was his Jersey Shore name "Salt n Peppa"?
sure i can do it wat u want edited
YOLO All Week!
henschells just jealous cause he's #slow and i snatched his pillow before he could catch me
DEA-drink every afternoon.
tonight was weak.. i have to take things in to my own hands.
Eagles got Steve Smith too?
it's ready for more of your help. :)
thats a good thing! no work today? thank god for mlk day!
#FF some of tech and media's most influential (oops, how'd that last one get in there)
News flash, no one likes you. #room before I punch u in the fucking face.
Thanks Jim Hick and RCS Sports for helping these kids further their education. That's what this is really about. #go to college
Looking forward it!! RT Chicago!! Tonight @ Congress Theater w/
It's not really voting if only one person is voting.
is the name The Dresden Dolls a V C Andrews, Flowers in the Attic reference?
...or intimation.
i dreamt that there was a dinosaur in my room tryna steal my gummy bears and then i got them back but then woke me up
8.) A scarf is your greatest prop, aside from a cold beer. Find it The scarf not the beer. (But how cool would that be!)
way to put a positive spin on it. You are clearly a great mom
The bus smells like ass
Surely you meant PM, no? AM would be ridiculous...
We love your magazine! You should definitely add your "twitter" link to your FB profile! :) Glad to be in touch!
Bet espn won't say anything good about this game. They need to get off the heat.
I applied for a job at starbucks and they said they would call me back next week. Please can I get this job!!!
Dislocated right patella.
oh crap sorry bout that.. im a little out of it today
It's comments like that MJ tried to get away from. he was not white, and was aquitted of molesting children.
Three in a row!
just have to clean my weapons and then it's finally gym time :D
a night on the town is in order! How's your sched this week?
There is a Mac Mini somewhere in my room, and I can't find it.
did you really? i woulda never guessed!!(: u have so many(:
What's the from Khan section? Need us to adjust anything?
Sox up 10 ... must have left in the 4th inning
It's hard to soar like an eagle in a world full of turkeys ;)
Working on Visuals for tomorrows show @ Kung Fu Necktie
; if Twitter is killing us then Guy Kawaski is leading the death march :)
Trying to add some posts...but, I'm so distracted by the beautiful day outside. ; )
haha I'll have a marathon ton and catch up
Forever attracting gay guys at clubs that say I'm SLAMMINNNNN
Thanks for the follow! Hope your Friday is going well. - Bryan
Dammit Play Fangala. I won't drunk tweet my request a second time. j.k. I very well might.
Downtown LA law firm is seeking a Litigation Secretary with substantive calendaring experience. Strong Word and CM-ECF experience required.
"polar bears enjoy heavy dubstep beats while eating eskimo b******
... still THE no1 closer in my book!
Starting in Jan., We will be full-time! That means lots more information, strategies, and concepts to help you build your internet business!
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF #MYWORLDTOUR !! ♥ I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUC
Think I will start playing the lottery more often! I like having my dreams smashed because I didn't pick the right numbers!
I find it odd that 100 people will "like" some nonsense about pop stars, and pay no attention to common sense about our own lives.
you found us out!! Good stuff- our Merch Co. Called in IT support
RT : We don't have a county library and our city library is funded by our public school system. We need a bookmobile!
is becoming one of the biggest mma fans
The absolute fundamental aim is to make money out of satisfying customers. ~John Egan
I was just in South America. Dang it! I miss everthing
What a nice thing to say. :)
The pandora line at the mall tho .... All the mothers want it
Cool Whip, Nutella, and strawberries. 3 of my fav things. Such a simple dessert to make. You should try it :)
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night! From our crazy family to yours....
Super Lockman Service locksmith is best in town for he's services and products they act very fast..........
congrats. is promotion in the air?
It's kind of sad how much I love Mark Ruffalo.
I want to be happy...
DA says: Man accused of sitting in passenger seat while 10-year old son drove had blood alcohol level nearly three times legal limit.
Missing my girl like crazy this morning :/
Excited to see Wilson, Holland, and Colby hit!!
thanks for the follow!! Looks like we're both doing Insanity!!
I got some hot clothing coming soon.
Cleveland craft show was with great people and really good crafts this year. Those cinnamon rolls from the school cafeteria were amazing.
317am. Martini shot was called. Hugs. Cut. Print!
Run home plug in download convert render wait meditate
it's my friday!
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Once a Mahomie always a Mahomie!!!
I hear yu
Twitter hug right back and happy early Mother's Day!
A1: or everyone can come over to my place, and we'll have a disaster party
how's it hanging bro
females like it when they lay on they stomach and u get on them and fuck like that.. then wrap your arms around them. sextip
We'll be talking about our favorite celebrity couples on our special Valentine's Day show next week! Who's your favorite celebrity couple?
Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal owns 7% of News Corp (Faux News). So FOREIGNERS own it-Just thought I'd mention it since they never do.
I try too, I don't get a chance because I have classes and homework and shit. End of the semester ill be on alot again
If i die tommorow, make sure austin and justin knows my love them <3
It's raining.
u r everything that is wrong with business owners. I'm going where Peyton goes.
‎"The obstacle is the path."
LOL wow. I love Conwy Castle, it's my favourite of the Welsh lot.
Oh thank God I got rid of these foreign weird ass followers. They keep popping up! I keep blocking them.ahh!
I consider the whole crew Fam! Were all in this together! AOE ♥
siblings can be so similar, or they can be complete opposites.
Going commando makes me feel naughty
Never had (authentic) Jamaican, I bet is zesty and sassy.
Couldn't believe there was five fights tonight at the venue where I played.
if you didn't see Hurt Locker yet that another must see
bobbessss on twitters
Mom: okay im goin to my friends for a bit, check on the food and make sure it dont burn. Me: okay. (laying down 30 mins later) Me:Fuck!....
Wow! Such a beautiful sunrise! Sun, the Sandias and snow. Be safe and have a great day!
An NBA game that is 43-30 at the HALF??? That's what we've got with ORL-CLE tonight. No Howard. No Kyrie.
I love rednecks at starbucks... "i want a caffay lattey and gimme oneuh demdare biguns"
Not going to be doing anything for five weekends straight. Fuck baseball, and fuck this shit. I'm pissed
Saw President Obama on the View today. That was actually fun to watch. Nobody freaked out - nobody talked over him.
Driving back home & heard the most horrible song! Sounded like a cartoon robot girl w max auto tune something like "she can't love u better"
we would love to have you as a volunteer . Stay tune for more info in May re: volunteering
#WordWars is not something I can go to sleep to. My OCD is triggered and I'm just as obsessed as they are!
Dreamchaser 2 if u ain't got get it
so you ever hear of the
if you're at the venue please tell us where to stand for the line please and thank you
I also understand the importance of good internal controls.
yawwwwnn just woke upp :D everybody having a good day
right on I'll hot you up tomorrow then!
Well if you have time I would be happy to buy you lunch or something (both of us lunch together) shake the hand o my fav candidate
Lol maybe it might be for buying a moped scooter and driving that around instead of a car. #Sike lol
Reminder - LV Blvd. shut down between Flamingo & Mirage due to implosion.
Back to school today . NO . Thumbs down
please say something to me :((
no bitch >=E
When's your favorite time to come to Maguire's?
Today was just one of those days where nothing can seem to go right. Goodnight.
How dare you talk about the tin man like that!
I'm falling in love with you, balloons or no balloons.
Day ruined, no baseball today, so I guess I'm playing tomorrow
"The fogs getting thicker!" "And Leon's getting larger!"
QUICK! someone send help! now he's listening to the soundtrack to Oh brother where art thou & singing along!!
It feels so good to turn in my JMS480 PRproposal to ! Perfect or not, my 1st proposal is a huge accomplishment! ThxTeam 4thework!
a market dominated by most of the players in surveillance doing SDI.
Good twitter clients display what the tco links to, but does not do multiple levels if that is a bitly, isgd...
wow, beautiful day out today.. this whole "summer" thing is turning out to be pretty cool
Porters pub...
RT Lets #Follow for Hepatitis information and community..!! :)
Your new DJ should be He's appealing to the right audiences & keeping the Crowd hyped at all times.
do you do the weather on a green screen or is there some kind of new sweet technology? I was a green screen pro in college.
Thank you for the follow! Always looking forward to more!
i guess 1st step is admitting you have a problem (im emotionally unstable) i just cry and laugh at random moments. i cant control it.
Baaah Meeeeah To My New Followers -
The guy next to me just ate a toothpick!
"That music always round me, unceasing, unbeginning,/ yet long untaught I did not hear..." ~ Walt Whitman
Good thing my Twitter notifications woke me up because my alarm clock didn't
ah sorry, ma :( I hated when I had Michael dreams like that
Wow I really miss seattle.
This damn touch screen uggh anyway point is I miss good music wit bangin ass beats that ride out but make think or wanna get ur shit rite
they must not know a GREAT VOICE when they hear one.
Hahaha thanks. I appreciate that.
Yes, got in just as the Chicken Shack music came on. It's a Christmas miracle!
Wish I could see Monroe Park and the Fan right now. Someone tweet some pics.
It's super windy, but so sunny and mild out! The sunshine has me thinking of iced tea! I've got spring fever here in Chicago!
holy smokes! I haven't been on twitter in FOREVER well and this saturday... WOOT :D
I like cold....
Important step 4 Sharing Economy! Congrats Bill enabling personal car sharing just passed in WA Senate
I must give a shout out once again to two friends who have helped me the most with this project. and Talented dudes.
Don't trust anybody
your a model nao ? Y U NO TELL ME ?? lol
Thank you for the support!
You're the cutest thing on this side of the world
haha be carefully what u say! Remember I am ur daughter lol
I can actually see my breath this morning.
Maximum complexity as all eyes are on Merkel speech today for signs of warming to the new money-printing mantra as only way out for Europe.
I forgot ii had all these old songs on my acer..
just a second i gotta tweet this
Found a surprise on my car. Pretty sweet.
You are 10 seconds ahead of me. Might have to unfollow.
Mobile version of anything is way, less complicated then the website version
You may blame me if you wish. YES I DO WANT IT! Give it to me Friday. I'll try to remember the tamagotchi itself...
thank you:) how are you doing?
Call the Adult Literacy Hotline at 800.321.9511 to find a GED preparation program near you.
I think it is a lot more fighting happens some crazy studd goes on
I think Kobe doesn't realize the help that he has. He doesn't need to do everything for them to win.
You wake up early (like a true shero) did you see my band featured on
The lemon is key with asparagus. #delicious thanks for the tips. I made it tonight for dinner.
i'm more tired today than i was yesterday. how is this possible?! it might be a double dose of coffee kind of morning.
#TerrificTuesday have a fantastic day :)
haha isn't that the truth!
I <3 Usher, but he shit the bed on his Today show performance.
Using my 2,8O2 Tweet to Say !!!! Goodnight Tweeps ^.^
Monday means luau night ! Come on by for some ono poi, kalua pig and more!
really? Haha when??
Are you going to #Rio+Social June 19?
Yeah hiring like crazy bro. You should apply!
Bless you mighty man
siri is garbage right now
I could listen to the song rolling stone-the weeknd over & over and still not get tired of it ❤
Houston Oilers had some nice uniforms.
OK, that should be "Off" and not "Odd"! LOL.
I think USekC!
Or it can be customized for each ofc environment.
You may not always end up where you thought you were going, but you will always end up where you were meant to be.
I'll have to remember that one. I cut thru Manchaca to Kyle, then took 35 to SM.
Thanks for the chat!
Way to go NFC West!
I fell asleep 4 times in 10 minutes
I need a smartphone, I'm seeing QR codes everywhere!!!!
You're very welcome! We had great weekends here, hope yours was pleasant as well :-)
": "'Good' is the enemy of 'Great.' We don't need to be perfect, just better than the norm.""
I saw a wood paneled station wagon and was scared that I traveled back in time to 1989. If so, I should soon be able to buy Crystal Pepsi.
thank u #Syracuse! I can sleep tonight
All u #ALA10 peeps left me in DC & the temps dropped 15deg! Off to Natl Mus of Amer Hist this am
We're going to give away some tickets today, friends. How you feel about that!?
Every time I see 's Twitter handle, I think it's pumped UP librarian and picture her with huge muscles. Is that weird?
Ready for fights tonight!!!
was very
Where are the parents in all these children's lives? Real talk
We're blushing. Thanks you! RT : OH GOD EXFM APP IS JUST SO GOOD.
Hahaha it's all good ma
so we livin life like a video when sun is always out...... and you never get old and the champagnes always cold..
Are u Follown M e????
maybe they'll open an r & d center in Israel?
thank you my friend! Have a great weekend
Just got the G1 instead of the iPhone. I love this this phone.
U read my mind : #Glee has to be the most horrible show on this Earth. I'd rather pull out my armpit hair w/tweezers...
I can't tell if I'm any younger yet but I'm starting to feel better & somewhat stronger
Get out of my head! Going there next weekend for brunch. Champagne in the restrooms! RT Drankss (@ Beauty & Essex w/ 23 others)
i died laughing when i saw this. my dad was like ... wtf ?
I told everyone not to get there hopes up bc you never no what could happen.
Tell me why my mom goes to the store for ONE thing and comes back an hour later with the truck filled with stuff
Who do u think is strong enough to win #missworld ?India or Venezuela ?will these countries ever win their 6th crown?
sometimes i feel like walking around with a name tag that says "Let me solve your MarCom problems"
Screw the issues. I'm voting for the candidate I'd much rather "spoon."
do u watch ustream last night??
LISTEN LISTEN LISTEN!!!!!!!!!
people expect realtionships to last like years,? like no were in middle school ; we aint gonna marry them .
RT : Tonight the voters of NC bravely threw themselves under the steamroller of history.
Thanks!!! I'm so excited about it. Hope you are enjoying Boston. Wish you could come camp and party w/us this weekend.
I can't watch tv if nobody Bring Back Ringer
If the key to effective communication is simplicity, why are infographics so popular?
Just heard an ice cream truck playing "La cucaracha" - um, gross?
I just bought a Cthulhu salt cellar from
Thank you!! <3
If your going to be in a relationship why cheat, your only going to be hurting yourself in the end...
Swag, got a lot of it....
Thanks babe <33 Youre the best friend I could have c: I LOVE YOOU
Flew in to #Tampa to cast for a #commercial flying out the same day!
Fear doesn’t exist anywhere except in the mind. Dale Carnegie
A chicken finger sub and a super sexy man to sit naked and write this paper for me, while I stare at him.
. is putting on a festival of fun actions during #NATO. Peaceful Awakening is Possible!
haha. I would have to. I was using duel fireballs and ice. Didn't work. Gotta stock up on potions. SMH
Tragic. How old would she be today? What felled her?
Anyone got a PS3 and the game Burnout Paradise?
there are just so many things wrong with this tweet. I cannot wait to see who follows you because of it ;p
fun night last night....thats for sure..work from 11-4...then not real sure
#Indy restaurants: Which of you offer cooking classes for small groups? We're creating a database and we want you on it! Reply
can you please please follow me!!!
RT have never made a beat I didn't like. <---They had this 1 horrible joint...oh wait that wasn't them. hmm still thinking.
follow me
The Tim Tebow show ends today.
running around in circles for the hell of it
Morning workout :)
"Love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction" - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
I wonder if he ever thinks thinks of me<3
“: ": #StudioLyfe is boomin right now!" Doing work cuz???” Yeahh. Been super busy! What's up with u?
- My heart skips a beat, when I see you<3
welcome to
Oh Pinterest, you soothe my soul so.
I still feel like something is missing this year, like the Raiders annual top ten pick of a mid round prospect. We miss u Al.
That is a very valid concern!
#YourSexIsWeak if im not sore later on .
idk what i would do without my laptop or my ipod. they're basically my life.
I'm in the same boat follower wise!
Our Bourbon Trail tour with Mint Julep Tours was pretty awesome!
Always follow your dream! (:
Stoked for Jeff Mangum tonight! :-)
Dancing to Break Free by Hillsong United live in Miami at home while I wash clothes. #havingfun!
": The International Monetary Fund (IMF) says Nigeria’s economic growth remains strong."
Let's go COWBOYS!!
#nw the Cross Fit Games. Fitness robots... this is awesome 😳💪🏊🎯〽🆒
Justice Department makes first arrest in BP oil spill case; ex-engineer accused of obstruction of justice.
beautiful jewelry!
what the fuck is star wars day lol
Playing kingdoms of amalur reckoning and its great best RPG ever played can't wait for the DLC
Yo females funny.
Few things brighten my day more than reading an email where a potential NCAA violation is admitted.
if having 5,6& 7 year olds in k class counts, then I've qualified 4 multi-age classrooms a few times n my career.
Hey, when you've got a hankering...
Washing clothes is a drag man....
Guys, relax, Jason Russell was probably just filming a bit for Jackass 4. Also, see: Ad Hominem.
Dance like nobody's watching. Love like you've never been hurt. Sing like nobody's listening. Live like it's heaven on earth.”
My BMI checks looking more and more like income tax checks!!
There's much to be greatful for.
I miss you more! <3
HEY TIFFANY. When are you bringing me the gauges? o:
Lol that and well I need to understand it. -_____________-"
lick everything you see
Found you through Looking forward to your tweets!
What is your favorite comfort food?
Thanks for following! Come in and see us sometime!
hm... its 1:52 I should probably go to sleep lol.. Good night everyone!
its the same as any other game. play it the same. if u do it any other way ur screwed.
So much laundry. My favorite way to spend the afternoon (sarcasm)
are u gonna ask her out on a date? Fine with me as long as u r payin!
Write what shooting the finale episode of One Tree Hill felt like.
Justin, GET. IN. MY. BED.
It's time to Salsa! See you at Madrigall tonight! Madrigall Martini Bar - 1627 Oak KCMO
HAPPY EASTER TO ALL....
HEY I JUST MET YOU AND THIS IS CRAZY SO HERE'S MY NUMBER SO CALL ME MAYBE 💙
super boring day today hmp!
Damm I want some caldo with lemons and tortillas right about now!!
Where God has his church the Devil will have his chapel. - Spanish Proverb
I get approached by people who claim to be 'professional retouchers'. I don't like retouching.
Thanks for the #FF !Stay tuned for updates as over 3,000 CPS students celebrate being healthy &active tmrw at our Halloween Hustle
Everyone please go follow please4
Me too. Go outside
I can give you +100 followers ( must be following )
are you serious .
mornin friend how r u??
Getting ready for our #NYE ball tonihgt. Goodbye 2011. Here's to 2012.
I'm down!!
Gotta love Texas Country Music!
good(: bc i miss skyping you
well let me tell you! It's AMAZING! I'm loving it! <--thats what I would say if I actually was... -___-
Just be sure to get aforementioned turd insured.
Correction: SAGAFTRA. Shows how much I know about Hollywood acting unions
feelin some Italian food for dinner...#spaghettiitis :)
KiteFest Sat 4/21, 1-3 pm Balloon Fiesta Park - come out and support NM families with a loved one with developmental disabilities
so how do like your #TeamNikolette account? is it okay or...:/ =)
Fox confirms Santorum suspending campaign
BOUT TO HIT THE STUDIO AND START WORKING ON MY NEXT MIXTAPE DROPPING 9/11/12
Gotta love hanging out with librarians -- everyone wants to help, wants to share, and cites their sources.
yep yep. tell me why did i find my janet to damita jo dvd this morning. i'm going to play it when i get home.
i followed
So ready to wake up without an alarm tomorrow- I had one heck of a weekend!!
98-68 OKC on top of LAL, end of the 3rd. That's right, NOT the final score, but the end of the 3rd. Wowzers.
worked my full 8 hours today
Guy: go fuck 1direction Me: I'm trying to but it's hard to find them
Lawrence O'Donnell is going in on Zimmerman's attorney.
of HHS coming on like gangbusters at #govwebcon "Most of the smart people in the world don't work for you"
The Atlanta Hawks are about to defeat the Miami Heat. Up by 11 with 43 seconds left. It will be Miami's first loss this season.
No footmen!
Not sure if I can handle the disappointment of yesterday's The Ohio State game, and then watch the NY Jets game today...
Its nice knowing some ppl actually see something in me, like high spirit of God, and tht i am a role motel for everyones eyes to see :)
Sleeping off a migraine = bad way to polish off the weekend
these kids say crazy shit all the time.
Why follow Greg? Because if you don't you'll be uniformed and teased by Nadia Bjorlin. #FollowFriday (via )
Met at Detroit metro airport couple yrs ago. He signed a autograph for me in the bathroom. He One of the realist dudes I kno!!
Thanks for all the love ..the tweets are rolling in!! We really appreciate it -
I should have, and miss you to!!<3 and yes of course ;)
Unfortunately, it seems like Lindsey Lohan may end up like Marilyn Monroe...
Thanks for checking out our recycled glass content flooring!
Wow #glee. Love Kelly clarkson "cry"
Im wide awoke
Tired of frustrating/boring stories about the end of the #mnleg session? Watch my story at 6, it's unlike anything else you'll see.
Really prefer to spend quality leisure time browsing awful plastic surgery websites.
I'm convinced that 80%+ of California drivers don't know what to do at a flashing red light.
With all the questions you're asking, why don't you ask the teacher to take your quiz for you.
A good date ends with dinner. An excellent date ends with breakfast.
Aye we're rocking the RED tomorrow
nf Follow back please? :)
Owl City next week!!!! Backstreet Boys in June!!!! AH!!!!! <33333 I am so excited!!!!!!!!
Happy Monday lets make it a great week once again Redstar fans!!!
Audition tip #3: Never walk in already in character! Be the exact opposite! Simply put: Keep your mouth shut!
just giving you a hard time. Glad Michael got to hang out with Eloy. Glad to hear Eloy is such a great guy.
Huge series win for the Cats!
get your phone back
Good night! Sleep well...getting restful sleep is a very important part of a healthy lifestyle. It's even more important if you exercise :)
got offered the role of professor snape in the harry potter movies and did not get the part because he was way to mysterious!
lol she was way in the background and i had to rewind to look again, i thought is that peggy? didn't think so but had to ask
I believe you. Perfect day to ride. I need to come in to UEF soon to catch up.
Hey, It is important to spend from our values. found this and their site check it out & it's a conservative company
#FF Podcast/comedy heroes:
#welcometoparadise #codyjakeustream shoutoutt to you because your birthday is in 3 days!(: love,Megan,Sammy&Jackie
VA CIO: infrastructure = cost. product development = investment. #CIOSurvey conference in DC. Hosted by TechAmerica.
I saw your WeSeed portfolio was down the other day. Are things looking up yet? :-)
Random nigga asking me how old I am
no kidding. Too bad we can't hit the snooze button and wake back up at the convention.
...To be negative at all times is to be threatened by ridiculousness and instant discredibility - Kurt Cobain (Part II)
My phone is effed up....
Where's my crime scene tape when I need it? My yellow lab has spilled the guts of my daughters stuffed elephant across the hardwood floor.
Why can't I sleep.
Took me like 5 tries to get the coke machine outside in Greenway Station to take my dollar. I forgot how finicky those things are...
I don't deal with change well... but cash will do just fine. ;)
i think this calls for a celebration! when is the next happy hour?
Why try so hard if I know I won't get far..
Welcome to the Intercommunity Justice and Peace Center's new Youth Educating Society (YES) Twitter!
Am I the only one who thinks Deena from Jersey Shore is ugly ? :o
8:26 - still in the office planning media buys and Tamara is selling that civil union photography package. Work ! They gon buy it
oh I c....well I guess that's ok lol
Great question! Sadly, Mr. Obama's absent, out pandering for votes somewhere. Turned out to be a typical politician.
: We're all Americans 1st & members of a certain party 2nd. It seems like we're elevating partisan agendas ahead of policy.
My wife is the best. Shes the pregnant one but she visited me at work and brought me a tasty mcdonalds bagel
:) how far in is the work? very exciting idea. do you have anecdotal findings at this point?
You're welcome! RT This is a special shout-out for the terrific for making magic happen! Thanks from the heart!
"Marketers need to spend less time making promises and more time keeping them."
I wanna hear Maroon 5 by themselves.
but that's actually a great drink!
There are few things I hate more than the sound of the ice cream truck. Especially when it parks outside my home for hours...
Who knew in Dec that this would be a preview of the Championship Game!
for STM purposes
but I bet your biceps look awesome
What is #confab12 ?
god morning
i look like a potato.
Thanks so much! xo
if only tweets could be longer then 140 characters i would shout some things to this fucked up world we live in
I didn't mean the k...
Watching the Documentary "One Day in September" about the 1972 Munich Massacre.
RT if you wanna have a late night convo.
Great attitude Will! #SpartanMomTweet Go get 'em! RT : I feel like I'm more prepared for what life has to offer each day
But , would NC have voted against it if had showed leadership on this before today? Just sayin.
Forgot my own phone number this morning. Apparently, you don't have to be a senior to have "moments."
Can't wait for #Bachelorette finale! #team JP
Johnny Cueto. His numbers won't blow you away, but seems to always give the Reds a chance to win.
which steel magnolia are you?
- MSS tried to lead, but TT would not follow.
Tunes Tueday - John Mayer.....anything. Who doesn't love some John Mayer.
someone texted me a reply & said, "You're a nasy M___F__er & U just need 2 wash that A*s better!" I have no clue who it was but
Cool things only happen when I DON'T have a camera.
Jesus. I've seen them both, but not together. Can't pay that much for anyone. Lame.
is it ok for couple to pick out the ring 2gather Does it spoil the surprise or reduces the hassle. Http://diamondstosilver.com
alright im diplomatic
Please just take him out already......Chiefs do not need to set a record for most picks...
After 7 dreadful loses, beat mahjong titans.
“: Yeah! its official!!! www.myspace.com/pennycoatsmusic”
Hello, hello! I love the TO, which library are you at?
Inexplicably wide awake. And with the Step by Step theme song stuck in my head.
Who are the retards seeing final destination movies? Can't believe they're on the fifth one :/
You dont win a MVP award. You earn it! Congratulations to
oh hai! So good to 'see' you! How are things? Congrats on the celebration in #CA today!!
Do you think it's Frank Martin? What happened with Gregg Marshall? Inquiring minds want to know!
Oprah is on Twitter, which means Twitter has officially made it. Ha ha
I have the world's worst stomach ache, I feel like I'm dying.
Thanks for the spreading the word!
The difference between success and defeat is you.I have very few true friends and associates.I am a born leader thats the price I pay.
holla at us and
No one ever answers my phone calls.
I'm Sydni and I love
When getting unfollowed I play the song " dust in the wind" and laugh ..
Branch Out on Facebook seems repetitious to LinkedIn. Agree?
Was home sick from elementary school that day when he did that. Saw the whole thing. It was miserable.
yessir. Some friends from Louisiana are bringing a solo show this year
dericious sausage gravy. Ate over a baguette that was getting hard, saved the bread perfectly! Had some sliced cuc as my veggie.
If you were stuck on a deserted island without beer (which would obviously really suck). What #beer (s) would you wish for most?
On the dock of that bay, servin' a life sentence. Even if i go to hell, I'm gonna make an entrance.
coming tomorrow
sorry I'm rooting for meeechigan for AJ sonnenberg.
Having trouble sleeping? Spritz lavender spray on your pillow & drink chamomile tea. #Acupuncture can help stop insomnia & soothe anxiety.
": There are going to be hard times in your life, but those hard times only make you stronger in the end"
likewise. See you soon!
The Ref's in this NCAA tournament have been horrible! I don't think they know what a "charge" is!!!!
just don't wear a bandana in gas America haha
First try at motion tracking...NOPE
How is it already 1:30?! There are simply not enough hours in the day.
go to school !
ok. You win. For now
Do you know what hate is, destiny or fate is, know what it's like to feel you can't make it?
I Wonder If I Can Talk To [His Name Here]... I Havent Thought About Him In 2 Whole Days.!!
Ugh, I hope not.... RT : is black lipliner making a comeback or something. geez.....
No Worries Have a great Afternoon Marie!
After watching #BGC8 I can see why you would jump in if anyone would attack either one of you. #TwinPower :)
I Guess thats what you get from East tho ! # Wanna Be Bad Females !!!(:
Gosh! Thanks for following me!
Get out & support #livemusic! Still a little #weekend left, and it's sunny outside.
Why on Earth does everything I have to do end up on the same days!?!?
Is now is the right time for you to refi or buy? We can help you find out. Call Mountain Trust Mortgage Services today at (858) 376-1299.
I guess the fancy prices are for the meet and greet part of the event thats what I saw online.
My stomach hurt wtf
If you were at Barney's Beanery in Santa Monica earlier today, we briefly met at the bar. Congrats again!
Up and at 'em! #why?
we probably need to. So, we wld know who Not to vote for n the future. We're suffering. They r benefiting.
Greetings to all on this crisp, cool Monday morning (here in Lubbock, Texas)! Spring is just around the corner, perfect time to start look…
Good Fight Today Maisie & Kayla ((: Anyways.. Hittin the sheets #tired!
um while Drogba is very attractive - I didnt need to see that - its to early in the morning
started another new song...not so sure...not so sure where the southern twang is coming from.
lmao this commercial always gets me! "doodle jump???" lol!
eh kind of a reach though couples or Melvin Ingram would have been awsome.
Watch channel 2 to see in denver
best series so far “: Can't wait for the gizz & clippers game it's gone be turnt up”
The school parking lot is weird at times... I'm just gonna put it that way.
Extremely exhausted from cheering on my Devils tonight. Goodnight! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SHOUTOUT TO 🎉🎂🎁🎈
rainstorm would come and screw up the satellite right before my show I've been waiting on for weeks. 😭
"Live out of your imagination, not your history." - Stephen R. Covey
“ I had a dream I had sex with my Ex last night. It had been a while so I showed her all my new moves.”
What do I do now?...
very busy and glad to be that way. Have a wonderful day!
#Mahomies are the best!
I told Mustafa my Clear Eyes would sting when he put them in
tgif to the make you smile crew team #GTTR have a great one
oh no, is she ok? I'm praying for her!
Here's a helpful fact - Granite is more resistant to bacterial contamination than any other solid surface, except stainless steel.
Hey! See you at the shindig tonight, right?
Enough of this bullshit. Doing great things today.
HAPPY SATURDAY! It's almost dinner time what are you going to do!? I suggest you head to the B, Open until 8!
One should always be wary of someone who promises their love will last longer than a weekend.~~~Quentin Crisp
Super excited to work with and today to help our DC community contribute to Wikipedia!
are you going to make it to the grid this season?
. + Just think about that for a second.
I seriously have the urge to just start balling my eyes out. Idk I don't wanna fuckin be here
Caps win... Check, Nats win.... Check.... Steak For sure!!
No one hates sacramento more than I do.
Lupia. To win attention, you must imply a large change in pleasure or pain (urgency) and prevail over proximate others.
"you're"
Listening to Thunder Road, down the highway :)
Child-rearing is my main interest now. I'm a hands-on father.
ellen beat yur lope! Criminal!
It takes some getting used to, but I've seen results with some excercise. Hard with twins to get in full workout daily
Make sure to check out our new product page on LinkedIn!
on the way to meet my Disney rep at Eddie Merlot's.
Hi Priscilla! It's for $2,500. There are also other townhouses available. Let me know if you're interested!
Ash played on the roof top at Center on Halstead! So cool! Farewell, Kat! We will miss you! Thank you~
haha same. Lmao. I've always wanted to be a singer/actress. But I have MAJOR stage fright.
Ughh that just ruined my night.
My daughter, Makayla, is on Avail for 2 commercials!!!!
She say....Smooth why you thug me like that?
thank you for working with us and being a trooper in the shade for the interview!
We'll #drink to that! RT : sure it's a Monday BUT it's "National Kahlua Day"
rewatching season 2 of #dragrace, 's BLACK VELVET definitely goes on the list of all time greatest LSFYLs.
OCC suggests departing MAX @ Morrison for Central library. Try Blue MAX Galleria/SW 10th Ave. stop. Only a block or two from there
I seriously can't get over how good the Avengers movie was!!!! Only Joss Whedon can make a movie like that
Our Prayers are with you. Treat yourself well, remember to breathe. Love and light to you!
Now that is a great set
MP3's have nearly destroyed music. Nothing like the FULL CD (WAV) version of a song. It makes a difference.
i wish that i had more than 10 fingers and 10 toes so that i could paint them more pretty colors.
and delivered from homosexuality
Done workin' for tonight. Now to watch some Aqua Teen and be a jackass....TO THE MAX!!!
The purpose of our lives is to be happy. Dalai Lama
What's a cool hairstyle for guys? I'm ready to try something new. It can be short or long.
I made the cutesy cupcakes ever, I don't want anyone to eat them now! hahahahaha.
make sure to rest up, u may need some xtra energy and your running shoes with the presence of a certain individual this wknd
GUYS FOLLOW NOW!
My first free Friday night and I'm sitting here watching guard videos and catching up on #VeronicaMars. Way to go, me.
Keep it up! Good cause!
chris brown merked the fck out of rihanna in his theraflu freestyle, my god.
Always makes me SMILE ♥
“: you are nuts lol” Im not nuts, I'm strong & they say beauty is pain so I must be beautifying my foot lol
RT Travel to Belize is up 67%. Guess we all love the end of the world good year for
how youz doing dog
Probably the least irritating thing P. Diddy has ever done, being a prop in a dunk contest.
I wish the guy behind me would stop talking to himself.... pass your dr enuf back here
I'd be shocked if doesn't win #TheVoice after that performance. Amazing talent!
I miss so much of the past, a lot of good memories.. </3
I wouldn't mind monogamy if it were a truly free choice, not an expectation. /via
I think a lot of my friends on need a
Fuck you for once again not texting me back
If a relationship ends, whether marriage, or a boyfriend/girlfriend thing breaks up; for crying out loud, there is always the chance.......
Thank you supporters!!! Now let's PARTY! Meet me, and on the dance floor. #SEIPDX #WellsFargoHere+Now
I texted an insult to a client thinking it was a friend. They share the same name.
thank you thank you 😌
You ask me why I'm acting like this obviously it's because I don't love you anymore
Live truth instead of expressing it.
You can still find it! Sunday morning at the Raspail organic market there is a great raw milk vendor from Burgundy.
Everyone complains about formulaic songs on the radio, yet they continue to dominate the air.
He who hesitates is lost. Proverb
I love your song drank in my cup
¡Buenos días! ☕“: Good morning AM Tweeps. We are getting this Tuesday started ! 5-7am Let's rock !”
Wandy Rodriguez having a great start in his first start back from the dl
I'm your friend :3
*this is me laughing out loud*
DBU Sports--Men's and Women's Golf Teams are at the Heartland Conference Championship today!
Tickets are going fast for #9! Get yours now, before it’s too late! ttp://su.pr/8fhYwI
Just watched #Votto's grand slam again. He was choked up 2 inches on the bat on the slam swing.
I can't here u it's to dark! Lol
I wish!! Give me another year. I just learned a new chord.
Was losin' all my friends Was losin' them to drinkin' and to drivin' Was losin' all my friends But I got 'em back.
That was the most ridiculous moving screen ever by Princess Bosh
I cant wait tell this weekend
miss u too brother ,I'm assuming u graduated so congrats :) . u coming to US this year too ? The graduation ceremony is May 26
You know I want to reach #Survivior badly ! Would literally go nuts ! Hee ! Hee !
RT DJ MIM's Chocolate City Mix debuts on TOMORROW at 4pm. Keep it locked with !<---Check this out
he can? still not enough points to compensate for being stupid.
Almost #saturday that means #college #football!!!!!!!
RT : Happy Hour today from 3pm to 6 pm!!!
I find myself saying that at least once per episode.
Woohoo! Congrats, big sister! Where is that located? They'll be lucky to have you.
If you've had a chance to visit the new shop.... tell us your favorite part about it? I bet I can guess what your all gonna say!!! ;)
I thought that at first, but it's wildly divergent.
you don't have a gigantic forehead!:)
thanks for the RT ♥
HAPPY NEW YEAR friends, thanks to everyone who came out to the SOLD OUT , we are having a blast !!
Saturday nights the regular station does JCTV!
Highschool , I hate it
Remember when you shut the fuck up? Me neither but want to make a memory?
I have 17 followers! I feel so proud of you guys :D thanks!!! Check out my videos if yah want @ www.youtube.com/jessikahrawr1 thanks :D
so glad we got catch up today ,even if it was half eaten smelly dinosaurs ;)
well maybe peyton finally told him to buck up! I just shudder to think what happens when they see a rainbow
Finally back on the ice!
Jackie the ripper?
Not only The Scream painting, but one with a custom Munch painted frame, too.
At this very moment...I'm in love...
In Chicago! Who's here?!
hope you have fun :-)
45 min. to game time. Get your team in. FreeiPad2 to the winner. Check us out and big thanks to our Fans. www.playffnow.com
happy birthday Madie have a good one
Hahaha just saw my future girlfriend haley renken at sports authority!!
I loved her scene with Lane; they are pretty sweet together.
When you're at someone's house and you look under their sink, instead I look into their shower
so now then?
And I remember thinking I was the next big thing while dancing to Cierra's 1, 2 Step. And listening to Gwen Stefani. I've grown up to fast..
Soccer is stupid. Stooooooooopid.
Sprained ankle... :(
I'm tryin!
a photo shoot and to hang out with some friends and family!
Hi Reid, like to discus how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your client's are perceived. Follow 2 DM?
hurry up and wake up!
Who's a better start at WR this week....Marques Colston or Mike Williams (TB)??
you bet. I'm a fan of I'm in Culver City regularly. Lets grab coffee sometime?
Remember when the only justice our society strove for was blind?
Ahh I see this is what I get for scanning!!
Today's 'Scaling the Mountain' has been RESCHEDULED 2 Oct 4 @ 5:30 @ Century Plaza. Same great story tellers, same great FREE beer.
Super fun mentoring intro students on their evaluation plans! You guys are so smart!!
got my soda eventually watched the sox kick azz :) 13-8 or something. now its tv time watching angel lately. love it!
by seconds, was driving back from Mequon...It's ok, I laid where the truck usually parks for a few minutes. Next time;)
UGH. I thought you were my best friend!
Congrats, Grant. It's a wonderful achievment... Also congratulations on take off from GH. We will miss seeing you.
congrats on final 3..actually interviewed with you 3 years ago.big fan of you,chef cole, uchi and uchiko..good luck(even tho its over)
needs a NEW roommate! One of mine moved out! If you are even remotely interrested get at me A.S.A.P.!!! :-) (Very cheap flat rate!)
What a great day!
Don't forget to put in your orders for football doughnuts today! They are the perfect addition to your #Superbowl party this Sunday.
": idk anything about that other phone called a galaxy">its the NEW phone wit att!
Going to ask the bike coordinator about it
thanks to everyone who came to #BGSmiami last night! We did a great job of "building more" at the Moore building!
Will you have the new Wisconsinite beer from Lakefront Brewery soon? I just heard about it from
Be sure to stop and check out lululemon's grand opening today and this weekend. We will take care of the music!
hey Nate dogg... WHY SO SERIOUS??
Home improvement - Coeur d'Alene Press
What up WB? I aint been on here in a min. Whats good with ya?
Tonight! 8pm, NYC: , , , are all waiting to make you !
It's official: I was wished "Happy Mother's Day" if I was a mother. Yikes. Thank you?
I take my charger with me EVERYWHERE
I'm on a mission.. I'm gna try it out..soon enough.
should we get Thai food tonight? Hm?
Turn on the cooking chanel....and Diners,etc...is repeating the guy Guy you know.....from Chicago......
a shallow bowl.
Cruising down Muldoon at 1 am
I guess that y I'm so fucked up in da brain
#yeah buddy #teamgiants Game Over
I have to tell you I read that as "fuckin' a dude" meaning "I am currently fuckin' a dude" and I didn't understand at all.
thanks for your tweet but not clear if you wanted a free copy of the ibook for kids Too Many Visitors?
awesome, I'm almost home too
Last Chance! See "Let Your Motto Be Resistance!" @ Historical Society of Saginaw County and the Castle Museum, MI, before it closes on 4/29.
Don’t eat anything you wouldn’t want to eat for the rest of your life because what if you die during that meal?
I can't wait for all of our missions coming up
Well, that was rather short-lived. Makes one wonder: What the hell is going on there?
I had a great day today now I'm resting until later
Have you subscribed to Now What? with Robbie and Assad yet? Well, you should. Go! Now! Please!
More data coming soon.. “: Daily Kos will be going back into the field (with , natch) to test #WIGov this weekend
someone carried me, of course! Lol
Nope - most likely 3.5% will do you, and FHA does accept a little lower credit score. Talk to - mortgage guy.
Good Morning world... Will be seeing avengers tonight! Fosho✌
Yeah I know! thanks for caring :) though. You're a wonderful twitter friend! Love ya girl.
I heard Harry Styles has a new Girlfriend -_____-
Do not ever judge me, cause you will be highly disappointed to find out I am not who you want me to be.
Love your show!
You can turn a hoe into a house wife, I've seen it, that's just an excuse to fuck em without feeling bad.
Just gutted by this news. Maurice Sendak was such a big part of my kids life when they were smaller.
I want Stephen Hill in the second round. Or Devier Posey. Or Cyrus Gray.
how the hell do you promise me some shit just to give everything to someone else that is
Thnx for RT & tweets! So dude, you're not worried about getting blacklisted? I need you at the Jolie-Pitts shindig next week! LOL!
Greg why'd you step into this? You had no need leave It to them
I agree.. RT : I'll just go ahead and say this.... Quit having children if you're not married...
Morning,getting ready to eat breakfast!yum!
☼ Failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough. John Christian Bovee
Thanks sir. Sorry for my delayed response. Hope we can collab at some point.
and it can't spell anything
january or february's?? and what page??
Toyota Four-Runner, Nissan X-Terra or Pathfinder.
Nice! That looks cool :)
I am so happy to have not lost power during this winter storm
Wow another divorce in Hollywood.. That's new
ok wht up
thank you hopefullyy that helps a little how long did it take you to get that manyy??
The last month of school always goes by the slowest
I love you more Bella 😘
Freaky Friday the 13th is a good day to begin to Make Good no matter the cost. The Good things in life is made from all that comes our way.
Just get me out of traffic, please, now.
Recording "Travelscopes" on PBS this afternoon. Awesome special on Taiwan's Tea Road. Definitely worth the watch!
He's writing a book about the 2010-2011 Miami Heat?
Ahh... Im tired but hw awaits
haha ok when
The Bay City Walkers
#IamAStanBecause he told us he felt like he let us down with Relapse, even though it's a good album... He only wants the best for us
if you tweet like 800 times in an hour or some guideline like thst you get blocked from tweeting for lkike a day
Welcome Mexico.
yes! Congrats guys!!!
And then the ph rang: im gonna sponsor your project!!!!! Omg this is what ive prayed for
Writing an archaeology paper. I don't really understand what is going on...
Still, I hate doing that! My apologies! I'll do that. :)
Happy 1st day of spring! Although from where I'm sitting, it's kind of hard to tell.
Last group run for the year!
I agree with Lauren. Jill, you're best to stay away from Simon. He's creepy.
My kids think you can jump safely from any height if you just put some pillows down first. It's like an episode of Looney Tunes around here.
A heart speaks louder than the color - Ben Harper
My rep is a reptile, now later alligators
I WILL learn how to play guitar this summer!
It feels good after a long day to rub your eyes and feel your makeup smear, but not care.
Time to push. Another long day ahead of me. I am not looking forward to it. There could be worse things though.
oh ok
I agree with you about Bella and she,s funny!!!!!!
no no no, you're weeding out the assholes!
The shit we travelers have to deal with, and all because some people want to blow up planes
You can tell when old people have fake teeth in.
The people on the flight to #Seattle look like extras from
woah RT My inbox says Rev3 has been acquired by Discovery. Smart move, congrats , , and co!
gah you're so lucky you get to see it first haha
After getting no less than 20 spambot follows this weekend...I'm protecting my tweets
RT : Everyone has either UConn or Yale apparel. Even if they didn't go to college.
ha, I swear I'm slow! ;D
On season 2 of Dexter and officially hooked! Can't wait to watch the season finale tomorrow night!
Nice! Congrats. Nick and I would love to meet up in SF.
It takes a couple seconds to say Hello, but forever to say Goodbye.
And now to the public library for a book sale!
I was actually disappointed that this tweet is the only one with this hashtag. I was expecting some really awful stories.
ouch, but payday will be nice.
Avengers or Patron?
I take five minutes and come out with nothing, we can teach each other
Share your most recent wine discovery! Yesterday I sipped on some Domaine Drouhin Chablis 2009. Yum!
I just distributed 90 yards of topsoil around the low spots on my property and, now, watching the grass grow!
getting ready to drop another single people! get ready!
Alcatraz Locksmith is ready to roll...Good Morning and good monday!
1.Whos Your Biggest Inspiration. 2.Whats You Favorite Home Cooked Meal 3.Do You Know Who Tim Tebow Is?
Alright United Airline, let's try this one more time.
let me know when u tryna go!!!
I hate people I hate.
so wuts up
Good thing #UFC145 has an official corn snack - I eat #CornNuts to help me with my ass kicking
It's raining and I'm listening to Death Cab for Cutie... it's a great day
right guys.
Kamara has another cigar moment...as in close but no cigar
You were close by won that contest, thanks so much for playing, you rock!
Tonights featured Dj at is non other than its on let's show our support Nashville!!
Im Probably About To Be Out Of Here Soon Probably Get On The Bus At 4:37
is back!
i honestly don;t even want to go to school because of these kids. seriously leave me alone/
no its my friends
So do I change my scripts title? It does sound a little too similar to me.
