not happening.
I just found out about Amy Winehouse. Wow...I'm so behind. I'm scared to think about global news I'm behind on.
I'll be sure to do that every time I'm hacking some RoR
Braking in my workout bar while listening to reggaeton
I made my basketball team!!!! I'm happy, and now I'm home, after basketball practice, AND softball practice, and now I am very very tired!!!
Nigga that was my life
This is bull shit.
"bread delivery" #standby ;) rt “: Whats going on today? Tents and security...”
I'm an optimist
I love it! Awesome.
ah never mind sun is out. Well there you go that's #Miami weather for you...
sorry i have been busy with junior fire department but i will always have time for you i hope you forgive me -love you bells!!!
I have had dreams and I have had nightmares, but I have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams.
ditto. RT : Looking forward to yoga tonight with !
Frustration is like a...
Giiiirrrlll SWV has a new single! "Co-sign"
THANK YOU
nice site! look forward to reading your posts. thanks for the follow.
Those who FEAR to live their dream are only setting themselves up for Failure
thanks for coming!
NO FUCKING WAY! haha too funny =) i came across him on instagram
RT : RT Opportunities to take college level classes on high school are incredible, says
S/O TO HE REAL GOON ON TWITTER
FIRE SPAZ NOW!
In CQ Today: Senate Intel panel backtracks on military intelligence budget number, said it was an error.
ITS NOT EVEN MEMORIAL DAY - SO MUCH SUMMER LEFT
The Shins station on is not not bringing a smile to my face today
Almost there. Fuck this sadness because im beating it.
I dunno lol
i read all those, please, what do you think i'm running over here
anyone at mc today tryna chill?
I had to donate 1/2 my books once (when I moved overseas). I think I'm overcompensating for that trauma! :)
Lost one game. ONE FUCKING GAME. Just wow. So impressive.
Back after class watching The 5 years engagement !
humility is one of the most important tools in learning, unfortunately this tends to decrease as confidence is gained from learning
No one has the right to judge you. They might have heard your stories, but they didn’t feel what you were going through.
Were pine needles involved in that mulch fire?
I luv u guys!!!
Hey its me mary aka iamsporty657 on youtube. Please follow me back. :-)
a lot of emotion tonight during a vigil for Westerville teacher shot and killed last night. story coming up at 11.
Miss you buddy :(
Kalon reminds me of the scarecrow from The Dark Knight.
First time I saw the view this am. N I was sitting in dentist chair
you clearly missed yesterday's rant about inconsiderate coffee shop patrons using wifi to video skype, but thanks! ;)
Dear , your email blast titled "Pip, Pip Hooray" nnouncing your new chick? Cutest ever!
Listen to right now, LIVE, on right now. (but only if you like awesome things)
Who likes Chic-fil-a more than Nick?
Hot damn. Awesome, Tim. RT : Congrats Tim RT : i am very happy to welcome mr to the verge.
See me in the newly released #musicvideo for the song "Marry Me" by the band !! Available on iTunes now!
had a great time at la trattoria with my osborn drive family!!!
Hail really....?
i'm dying to know why flocke pushed mr. hume down the well.
SO hilarious how many people are texting me asking who we're subtweeting hahahaha!
Hell yeah Boosie free !
takes care of all
FB: why does your uploader suck so hard?
watching draft day coverage. A runningback for the Broncos?!??! I don't think I feel good about this...
I tweet with the thunder
Thanks for the great work and
I miss texting </33
I had thought he hadn't played much against us, but was surprised that it was that little. Nice work, btw!
re : I've seen the truth for myself. But you go ahead; swap lives with one of those children. Knock yourself out.
On the car ride home, my mom and I were listening to old songs and guessing the decade it was released in. Good times.
We have the lowest prices. please come in or call us.
Wow! Beverly Kearney is extraordinary!
Still getting fried over here! Hopefully it will end this week like they say :/
that's what I'm saying! But its whatever! AOE(;
Oh, fuck you, boss.
Sorry for late response - I'm a screenwriter and entrepreneur. Delving into transmedia along with the regular avenues for content.
Sunday Funday - what's everyone doing?
CONGRATS on winning The Voice! Jermaine is amazing!(: love you
Yes, the same concept. We are early in our production, but ping us in a couple of months for review samples for sure
plz fallow me? i think u r so cute
I'm like the honeybadger I just don't give a shit
I want some beans and rice now thanks Cady.
Cigarettes and Alcochol next.
How about them Flyers?
The awkward moment when you realize your joke isn't as funny as you thought.
I love James Roday...
Those comparisons aren't really the same, especially the Toronto one.
Yes, yes, yes to MLS resorts!!!!
don't think knew you're going to Scotland, too. He looked scared. No beer for him. Missed drinking w/me opp at
: Watched David Lynch's Dune for the first time as an adult. Huh. I think the production team was on way too much Spice.
Tip for WOMEN: Concentrate on keeping your upper arm in close and somewhat tight to your body
Hackathons - encouraging users to build concepts or apps on how to deliver and use content the way they want it
Lol, seriously. That's a deal-breaker!
I'll toss you an email.
That series of tweets may be the peak of my day. I'm calling it. Time to go back to bed.
RT Just unfroze my LA FITNESS acct time for some liftin this week
just recognizing that I recognize. Hello & Godspeed! #HomeTeam tweet.
I can't be here its too early I only come for this damn math class.
I did. WooT!
Great suggestion RT : “: Road to Hana. Let's do this.”. Check out the rainbow eucalyptus trees on the way! Amazing!
STOP BY AND PICK ME UP..I'M ON THE WEST SIDE :)
do u like drake?
you look TAN! & BTW, I like the toilet. Lolololololololol
omg do you wanna skype!?
Excuses are lame.
If only my pitchers didn't have an average ERA of 7.63 tonight.
This jitney driver is big AZ fawk. This nigga is sitting up straight with his seat pushed all the way back.
any specials on Saturday? We're coming up for night skiing!
I hate that Arby's fries are so good.
Happy birthday Don't hurt 'em!
whatever Bitch . & Idk not that long Shit rude
#NFLNetwork just reporting apparent self inflicted shooting death of Former #SDChargers Junior Seau. Team confirmed.
Cards are in the air for our 1-3NLH and double hours are going on right now! Only a few seats left so hurry on over to lock yours up!
Entin: Troubled by class becoming metaphorical. It may not be an organic identity but acts and feels like it is. YES.
Good Morning Twitter Family,Today is Vocal Rush's Last Day Of School. Wishing you All Good luck on your last Finals!
Good one, with the bad weave LOL
“: Hangin' out in West Philadelphia.” born and raised...
#WFUD12 Torres: conservative lawyering stifles journalistic fair use. But fair use is little more than "the right to hire a lawyer."
On-site shredding available! Since the Data Shark is mobile, it can travel to you for all of your hard drive and media shredding needs.
My World Revolves Around
U guys deserve it! RT RT : #mlamobiletech - Nice nod to the RMLs - thanks, Heather and Alisha!
I know I may be late to the party but I just finished watching #BreakingBad.... AMAZING!!!
thanks for the recommendation and helping spread the word about us! We really appreciate it!
tracking for my new album starts next week!! This is gonna be a long process but im so excited to get started!! :)
haha. It's gonna be huge! ; )
Idea: Public officials making over a $1 million should take a voluntary pay cut. What do you think? Call in now: 317-736-0950
When you're good, you're good
Cripes. Making sure I'm abiding by the formatting rules for my thesis is almost as hard as writing the damn thing.
what growth? .___.
"hey man, got any fuego?"
Need more followers!
yes?:) text me!
Um, the Packers run game is non existent. I guess its only week 3.
Ahaha! Congress?! I don't know... I'm not even 18 yet.
Just completed interview on re visit to México City & San Diego Small Business Awards Reception to be held on May 31.
Why do we feel better after we pop a zit or take a dump? Guess it just feels nice to rid the body of excess waste & toxins. Smoke weed!!
There goes felix
Screw that shit
I'm not really sure how you missed the sarcasm in my posts.
THis rain better stop before 6
Thx for the mention, happy 4th of July weekend to you!
Let's get this win #Dawgs!
boy don't I knoq
Thanks! Hope to see you at a #JLB show! :D
2 kegs! House show on Friday night w/ our boys in Last Action Hero and also other special guests! 4808 Scarsdale Austin tx Be there!!
I got you.
Excited to finally taste 's creations tonight with some great friends.
Ugh. Try to be cute but no. xox
u like watching them smear the lipbalm...naughty.;-)
"The Lorax" was punk. Honor the memory.
Thank you!
Hey girl!
RT : Congrats to for top 10 ranking in SEO's Best Social Media Marketing Services Feb 2012
Jennifer Aniston's Wedding &amp; Engagement Magazine Covers Through the Years (PHOTOS) - Celebuzz
(pl) 14 million kids will go hungry this #weekend in the United States.
wait a second... Am I socially awkward or is it them?
I'm exhausted from asking you to vote. You are exhausted from voting. 2 more days and it's over I promise. no matter what, sincerely, thanku
I do apologize, though. I shouldn't have jumped you for your opinion. We love Cal here and we see him in ways others don't.
is there an Orange Julius anywhere in town?
Thanks for the FF love. Have an awesome weekend!
haha! actually, I watch too many home designing programs.
for a moment I thought "Kevin Costner" came up as a "person I might know" on LI - but it wasn't him...
I feel you :(
Old habits die hard.
Damn I need a car
Thanks much for the follow.
I Guarentee I Can Have Anyone Of Mi Ex's Bck, Cuz Dey Always Come Bck
Oh hell yes!
I love you madly sing beautiful're super cool # beliberboy: D
Man, I ate like a pig and now drinking like a fish ;)
appreciate the follow and all that fire you have in your belly. you're doing good stuff. keep it up!
Haha. Whose cat is that?
Swartz: Novel's form enables impersonal persons, via the moral maxim.
RT Don't merely seek to do it or intend to do it. Get busy working on it!!!!!
- is right, look at your audience (pretty sure I drank the majority of 2 pitchers last week....)
Me too!
Got a Pentel 205 mechanical pencil yesterday (thx ) @ Contact Supply Inc. Great store & service. Support a local business.
So happy ! made some bonus money!!
Minnesota is quite fab
6 AL Discrimination in Housing 54% of the subsidized housing population consists of female-headed households
going to make cheeseburgers and crinkle fries 2nite. Why do crinkle fries taste better than regular fries?
Though I note that Hastings has about as little understanding of how to fight a war as possible and still be a war reporter. Possibly less.
There's a reason weather forecasters include "X% chance of" in their predictions. None of this stuff is ever fully exact.
In Cincy getting it in right now with the seafood at JT's!!!!
McCoy to Shipley! Oh, I love saying that. Horns down to the Baylor 3 yd line.
Oh yeah, that was for my Red Bull Music Academy event + showcase. We'll prob do another kind of event like that this summer.
We are using medical terminology to describe the curvature in the spine of this book. Gosh, i love archivists.
Thank you. Hasn't been short in awhile. Just gotta get used to it.
Oh no! I wonder if that's to do with an engineering habit of mind... Problem-solution link must be situated...?
Don't forget to wear your t-shirts to the Vintage Reggae Winterfest in Miramar, Florida, February 19th, 2012! BooM! 88degrees tomorrow
damn. No joke there man! Keep the tunes coming and stay outta trouble..trouble, really digging Dreams album, keep shredding
Belated take on NCAA Championship game: grinding game; no future NBA stars on floor. J. Scheyer ineffective; K. Singler was the difference.
"if its not too late for coffee, I'll be at your place in ten. We'll hit that all night diner and then, we'll see."
#Imagine Austin: Letters start with A B C. Numbers start with 1 2 3. Songs start with Do-Re-Mi. Love starts with you and me.<3
I actually posted quite a few thoughts in the #edchatsa group today, but from the Take a look.
#Huguely defense lawyer Fran Lawrence walks in alone. His says co-counsel is still ill. No word on if court will go on.
Wife: honey I want you to whisper dirty things in my ear! Husband: kitchen, living room, dinning room, patio
Dammit ! It is so hard to be mad at someone you love -__-
Can we add O.A.R.'s Crazy Game of Poker, the Gourd's Gin and Juice, and Come On Eileen?
Jeeshhh hardcore advice on twitter.
The people who operate Google maps might have you on camera. Nice shirt.
Is feelin like crap, thanx to my son. Bac n the bed I go
Writing group with , , and Back on the horse. Rock.
hey :-) we're stil cool over here! :-)
Don't teach WWII, personally, but have given that one to preservTs. Fantastic portrayal.
congrats to ur bro and all, but COME BACK!!
take no prisoners!
Ha! ...you know. RT " "Discombobulated" is a big word for people who don't know any big words."
Good - I really like 11.04 over previous versions. I think you'll find it better too.
I no u deserve sumtin good u no ill always be hea to tlk
Now trying to determine why so many are gung ho about supporting when there is no plan on how he intends to offer choices
There is never a reason to cheat on someone. If you aren't happy, just leave. Why didn't he just leave???
A match without a Messi goal? That can't be. 2-0 regardless.
Colors and design would be more effective than signage, by far. And look a lot cooler.
.: "Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results." ~ Patton
completed her food and exercise diary for 09/14/2011 and was under her calorie goal
Barack needs to wake up and fire this idiot TODAY
RT : Love on your mommy even if she left you or has passed on. Honor thy mother and thy father. Be strong my loves.
Oh no!! D: Is she still depressed because of what happened to her? :,"(
both are beautiful, i like the one on the left alot ;) lol
hahaha aight! I'll leave that responsibility up to you Drew! Lol
U have beaten them 8 times in a row? keep it up! “: goes to Centre Thursday to extend our win streak vs them to 9”
I fell ye Maxi One day you'll be able to do whatever you want and it will be glorious but missed are the days I was your age.
User experience in your web design includes easy navigation, creative design, a built-in trust factor, and engaging content.
Thanks Oklahoma City for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
No steamroller here. Just lots of beef and sausage. Have fun and good luck keeping off the machinery.
Family... Genetically trained to love them but fuck!.. even they you still can't stand them!
thanks(: I'm about to go in the class
They're playing 'black n yellow' at a Bar in toledo... Why can't I escape this song?
BOB = Bits of Brilliance >> Gotta do something with that! #BOBcon or #BOBchat perhaps? Or maybe a book.
thanx fam u do the same
why do you like Ariana? you love rap music? You know how to dance?
it's okay:) I understand, twitter usually doesn't let me follow any more people too:)
Come n chk out artists at the Hub Leo Lounge on June 18 SAT. at 8pm. #FREEadmission RT
Nick's storyline on #Revenge has so many layers. Such depth and beauty. Tonight's episode was heartbreaking. I absolutely loved it.
Take any job and turn it into your bliss. -
Trying to write a slide deck on academic quality with Madonna's "Like a Prayer" stuck in my head for absolutely no good reason. Sigh.
thanks you are too (:
RT : Dumbarton House in DC seeks a spring Curatorial Intern. For details visit www.DumbartonHouse.org
I don't mind the fatigue and runny nose, but the constant itch in my nose is driving me completely insane. Curse you, rhinovirus!
"A Lot of Impact with a Little Spanish" now from Dawn Strickland! Great sessions today so far.
Looking like a pitchers duel so far!
When I first setup the R/GA twitter account I had to explain why we needed it... Those were the days... :)
I'm so excited! There's a Wii Country Dance 2. Better get out my boots and hat. Let's do some line dancing. Yee haw!
Indeed, she has been getting presents for 3 or 4 days straight....
Tebow is going to the playoffs.
I need some more followers! FOLLOW ME PEOPLE!
Hmn well I have 2 names anyways so fuck u :p
Been itching for some new music. Tend to go for folk/rock. What recommendations do you have?
im gonna
Alright I'll give you one..you're tweets are hilarious too
True story. What a country!
Hobo with a Shotgun RT : Haven't seen ANY movies in forever - long flights ahead - what should I download?
yeaah she is . she followed the first day i made the account .
Since I had it I ain't been right..but I gotta feel that high again..Shawty Got Work!!!
It's 12:30 and i'm too hungover to get out of bed but too hungover to fall back asleep. this is the worst
You are amazing <3 Thank you
When people try to tell me what to do <<<<<<
Happy 75th Birthday Mary Tyler Moore
": Awwh yay! Jasmen just made my morning:D" KELLIN I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!
The New York Football Giants are so much better then your favorite football team
EROTIC~ To cause sexual desire or excitement :P
thank you so much! Just transitioned to photography full time, let's hope others like it too LOL :)
": the inevitable irony of the music reviewer: judges being judged / reviews being reviewed" just thinkin ths the other day!
TECHdotMN — The state of technology in Minnesota
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
The girl Im stalking is looking in my direction so I'm pretending to tweet. Haha dummy.
Thanks for participating, everyone. We may have a guest host next week... stay tuned!
A syllogism is an argument in which, with certain things established, something else follows necessarily because of them #Aristotle Top.I.25
The music video will be shot in Minneapolis for the song "Last Breath."
Just renewed my football tickets! woohoo!
Prices r reasonable & u may luck up on a special, as they have them often!
Its too early :(
Battle: Los Angeles. Skip it.
About to shower then hop in the bed.. so... bye!
always keeps me in the know when it comes to contemp. music history. That's why iloveujaredcox
i will be, i just have to do my thirty minutes of complaining first lol
Hey Ciara, do you have a facebook account??
Thanks for the follow!
The impetus for these applied programs come from a wide variety of non-academic , but have to be devloped to dovetail w other needs
Penn State leads Drexel 9-6 in tonight's other CAA semi, or so says the announcer here at Garber.
Roll one then I'll light it. Order one and I'll buy it.
#BestTimeToSmokeWeed is trending on Guess Underage Pothead must be in pre-production.
I can't get enough The Big C keeps the reality of life alive!
Chillin... sup tl? (don't be afraid ta speak lol]
fasho wen i get bak in the mil from school ill have to check his work out
just starting ! At my apt. You can come over! Or we might go to jakes in a lilll bitty
i been grown girl :)
Sometimes as an #artist or #writer it's better to keep the comments hidden! They say the curiosity kills the cat?
Fight fire with WATER - LOVE your haters - LEARN from your mistakes instead of running!
So you like Queen, Yoga and cats... Well I like cats too is all I was getting at, calm down tough guy!
lmao ! With a fanny pack
I believe that is worse RT : Choosing what t-shirts to buy/keep is like choosing who to follow on twitter.
pretty good Jimmy. What's up with you?
#Tonight #theplacetobe is inside the for the reunion party. 10pm DON'T MISS IT!
Congratulations Whitney Houston! 8 weeks sober today!
I average about 19 tabs open AT ALL TIMES and that's the best part of my personality.
Raising my glass cause I am wrong in all the right ways....
Honey sweet as sugar but cold as ice!
Beyond tired ✌💤
time for a new (unbiased) survey?
Sure! Best wishes to you in the New Year. If you ever want to have future convos I'm here for you. :)
This was amazing. I plan on looking the rest of this convo up later. Thank you!
YES HE DID! Haha
I am looking over Mickey's shoulder.
For everyone that I followed, Please do follow back,not for me but for this
hmm STRESSED/DESSERTS see the connection? : “: “racecar” is “racecar” backwards.” Hmm...so, it is.”
ah!! What a beauty!!
I Should Be On Feed The Children.
Agreed! RT : Haha! Better to call him Meatwad than... Jason.
thank you !
I think that I'm being slept on...
I have a confession. Last night's Daily Dose was inspired by The Girl Next Door. Don't judge.
#Jeffwholivesathome Touching reminder of what a beautiful blessing this life is. Laugh out loud moments are an added bonus.
Right now Arnold hopes this #Grimsvoth story really blows up.
Road trip! Road trip!
ChatRoulette just became an official sponsor or #Koney 2012!!
Who's going to see From Apathy at BackstageLive next weekend!?
- better safe than murdered in a hole in a cornfield
are you drinking tea leave tea and wearing a flannel?
Invitation Printing. Add a personal touch to the special occasion. Classic and modern invitation printing at NYC Printing 123. Call...
Chek out our sale today on our book only $4.99 www.createmoneyweb.com
Big Idea #2: Post Card Views. Maximum building heights, green space
But can you make it not black and white?
Dreamers know that the world today finds ways to hold you down. But their faith in what they wish to accomplish brings them above all that.
muAh love you baby
Shooter McGavin needs to stop eating pieces of shit for breakfast.
Alot of people riding bikes to work today. I thought Bike To Work Day is friday
Rampage Jackson Quits MMA
Fandom propells collaboration- informal learning in games like theorycraft in WoW. Mechanics of peeragogy? re
I tried googling your name. Nothing came up.
Art is a lie that makes us realize truth. — Pablo Picasso
we both do.. but i have them alot
hahaha whatever. i love them all
now is the time. The time is now.
yeah he's definitely filling that dave chappelle void
"Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together." - Vincent Van Gogh
Skype is crap. Too much spam.
True... I had more.
I was really excited for monsters inc 2 until I found out it was a prequel -__-
Thanks! Big brain-dump sent your way. No need to respond in kind.
Under a Match = Total Sooks Move “: Do you know my hometown, major, and honoraries?
am I the only one yelping at US Open? HOLY MAN. I love this game
thank you :)
What is your favourite thing to do when you're sad, that will cheer you up..
RT : I'm gonna have beer when I'm six, and you can't stop me. -o
drink rum and coke with me!!
I sang Seize The Day for 9th grade choir in 2007 and it was my favorite song i still know every word
Ozzie: "It’s going to be a very difficult moment for me. I ask for forgiveness with my heart in my hands, on my knees."
me too! “: Double fisting already. #Oscars”
you follow me don't you? :D (sorry I had to say it, Lol)
TRAB breakout watch....
burning the candle at both ends. gilding the lily. bringing coals to Newcastle.
Nvm...got it
that one part in #NSN3D when you hold your hand out that made me go crazy <33
Career Day at Fulton: 1st little girl I met wants to be an electrical engineer. Yes!
The team also recognized ticket guru Darren Duplechin and student Joey Leon for their contributions to the Pioneers.
thanks so much, Barbara, I really appreciate it! Be sure to share us with anyone who wants to win #freebooks!
In case you haven't already heard, I dreamt last night that Ron Paul was my sugar daddy... and he was addicted to #Viagra lol.
come back hooker ;)
Lumiere place St. Louis, Mo
We'll be hanging out in the Castro after #sextech2012 today and passing out free condoms. Anybody welcome to join the fun! ...
It's I love you
We have SOLMO. Let the games/problems begin. (cc: )
i really fucking hate teachers -__-
having stomach problems is probably one of the worst things anyone can experiance.
#lis483 ... but I knew then and knew now they were doing their best/had good intentions. Still felt rotten! (2/2)
IM SORRY BUT UR NOT LISTEN TO ME SO IM GOING TO BED AND UR NOT TALKIN TO ME NITE
RT McKinsey estimates: if the US closed ed gap between us & better performing nations, GDP could be $1.3-2.3 trillion higher.
Day one of family reunion down. Tomorrow, pictures, science, museum and then back home!
It was just as bad as it sounds. I wish I could unhear it.
haha...normally, but it happened to be a welcome break from the drudgery of work!
impressive! are you tapering soon for any championship meets?
LIVE-TO-AIR until 2am from Dragonfly Nightclub inside the Fallsview Casino with your boy, Nicholas Picholas!
make sure to take paper so you can doodle...trust me driving school is so boring!
Thanks for the !
Already a done deal. Afriad to say I haven't updated since joining though :-/
aw I'm sorry girl! Tomorrow is a new day and God has a plan to make it better!
No i do not
Two dumb bitch sharing a moment is the worst
I-95 is shut down, that explains all this traffic.
OK seriously, I just cried while watching The Hunger Games PREVIEW. Dang hormones. This is why I'm not out tonight.
just say go!!!!
so you should basically bring forth all of your whore-ish tendencies
You can't have spaces in your hash tags
Breaking News: Mayor Corey Booker saves neighbor from burning house. GOP charges he trespassed & woman should've stood her ground
I'm a great shooter rt!
Just catching #BBW and if I were Keshia that crazy bitch Kenya or whatever her names is would be slapped.
just wake up lol
Mrs. had a great time working with you to help clean up RI Ave.!
ROSE'S ARE RED VILOTS ARE BLUE THINGS ARE SO HARD AND SO R YOU #MORE2COME RT IF U LIKE DEM
congrats on #ttmamae - i love the poignant philosophy behind it: a timely indication of where we are and where we're heading
Man v food. Like watching a really bad car crash.
thank you for participating to our HHTA meeting! I look forward to collaborate with you!
back tomorrow #offline thanks everyone for the #FF and the awesome support you guys rock!! thanks for helping me reach 200 followers
its impossible to get noticed by you. #BELIEVE <3
Heading over to the garages
So I could not remember my twitter user name a minute ago
Dang y'all still up lol
You need to allow folks to chat so they find the session engaging and they stay involved
is that dre,snoop,and odb?
where can i get it?
#NP Faith - Dawn Richard
I've kinda been thinking about becoming a vegetarian again :3
probably going to go to the city Sat morning. You want to roll?
you deserve to die for that.
Excellent. Much appreciated! will post blog location details when that gets nailed down.
I just realized that I'm 1/2 way thro high skl... I only have 2 more years ... Then I have 10 years of college ... Wow ...
I live off em!
Hsp salutes steve jobs! Rest in ipeace.
Just heard MiniMubarak speak. His message to Senate Dems is the same as to public workers, "Shut up, and eat this cattle feed."
beautiful warm sunshine........and lots of naked people sunbathing!
Some guys want the REAL thing, and others want a one night stand. Don't be that girl.
Who is the one person you would nominate to be interviewed on our show if you could?
RT : Manny Pacquiao never made those comments.
Love just harder to decide.:/
Definitely not feeling dance tonight
- Yes and it is pissing me off!
Just heard someone say: ”I like the way you say “twitter,” it sounds dirty!
Thanks man! Me too. Spikes were feeling too much like a clown :-/
With this guy, I would highly recommend flipping him the bird...using the hand w/the bracelet of course. But that's just me ;)
Dudethat's the worst pickup line ever. What's next, u'll tell her U used to work as a clown & get makup discounts?
I clocked out at the 30 minute mark. So far,so bad. I must have been really tired.
James Brown rocks Pandora :)
AGAIN Thank you all for sharing memories & thoughts about your MOM! #HappyMother'sDay
. eh? I'd like to meet him. Why don't the two of you stop by the SCDP offices sometime.
What do you say to taking chances?
How y'all doing ladies?!
When the horse goes by you and snots on you bet on him it's good luck!! I did and won
Remember when we saw Sigur Ros live?
So far we have & Pattie Curry attending #SHRMAtlanta from ILSHRM - doing survey of board now.
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time.
It's 4:20 in Amsterdam, & the streets are quiet and largely deserted. Hm.
Can you really start your day off better than w mariah carey and always be my baby? Takes me back to 6th grade every time. Happy hump day
It's the little things and all the Joy it bring.
I don't have fb): show me this weekend! I CAN'T WAIT!
consider it done!!!
RT ASPCA PETA HSUS take HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS a yr donations for rescue, have the AUDACITY to try to justify mass killing
miss you love! You coming to Milwaukee at all this summer?
F U Twitter! x
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim & gym!! And I was the agent to lots of soap stars
I got the account unsuspended yayyy :)
Enjoy your weekend!
#TweetYourHeight Peanut gallery
Soo Happy, then I see your little statues and comments
“: The South Asian author panel was one of the best I attended!” Awesome!
ITS FINALLY HERE!!! #SWEETDREAMS!!!! WE GOING IN TODAY!!! #MARKETFRIDAY #INFERNO #AKAs + #FF ;LETS GO
Roses are red, violets are blue, if Rebecca Black wins an award, Kanye, you'll know what to do. #AMA's
With at voiceover recordings
Chance to meet NY #Legend #DarrylStrawberry in NY..check out www.LegendsFantasyLeagues.com
I want to get married to the song Sunday Morning by Maroon 5
what's wrong
Holy moley - they are playing They Might Be Giants' "Robot Parade" on the Simpsons!
i shoot my grandpas AR
it's always raining in my heart.
45 days of school left yay!!!!
I can't deny that I got a lot done, but the caffeine jitters may not be worth it. Must find my balance. Tea is much kinder.
yes for working hard!
I'll take that into consideration on my next visit
send me it's a fan girls life!
doesn't know what there missing!
it's on May 11 at 9. it's in the hofheinz pavilion. agh! i'm too excited!! lol
hahahha is that the original razor guy kid dude
I miss our coffee talks! I hope all is well during your travels.
hi(; why arent yuuu looking sexy hand ;'D
I definitely was not disappointed.
hahaha great minds think alike 💡
Johann Wolfgang Von GoetheA general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him
Be nice to those #Aztecs - I love them too! Gameday- UCSB vs San Diego St- 2pm at Westview HS. Go Gauchos!
is that because you spent the whole time at In and Out instead of watching the #Rox??
Yesterday was not fun haha
Eyelash perms? Really? That makes me sad for the world
did the Rangers just beat the Devils?
Somtimes you have to put ursef throu hell to get what you want sometimes its a walk in the part but no matter what, Fight for what you want
Things will change, I'm gonna leave the past in its place.
Polarizing breakfast question: does peanut butter belong in the fridge? I think not.
Everything happening with my family is just to much to bear. Idk if I'm gonna be able to make it through everything
I luv day u luv it! About to drop somethin new next month...
I think that old man gave me a sore throat.
Proud of the way you performed this wk @ #TheMasters Keeping working your process!
Sleep well (:
Thanks again to all chapter members whose efforts today helped make NHA's Annie Ross House Plant Sale such a success!
Already working on the first art book. Now a title is required.
We mos def deliver! Shipping will cost you though!
ive watched all the Halloweens 5 times each i swear. Will they please show something else lol
Spurs Got Shooters
Happiest of Birthdays to
Great read: Zygmunt Bauman's Work, Consumerism and the New Poor.
One more exam...
So on board with this idea. MT #UConn needs to take advantage of German invasion and serve beer & brats to the fans and media.
Keep Ya Head Up
it was difficult not having my laptop today... but now i'm good
I wish.
lmao I'll be 35! That's too old
Great writing on HH - keep it up! Why'd you abandon Twitter??
Trying to think of a different date idea??? Take her "streaking" this weekend. Sign up for $5 a person at www.citystreak.com
Yanks can afford to take a chance on Johan&Give up nice pieces who won't get off the pine in 2012. Mets get cheap depth at SS,C,LHP,RHP,OF
no no, your followers, you had more than that like a week ago
More law firm mergers these days, but some expect bloodletting to follow in most recent deals. More in today's DJ.
Milwaukee is the only place where niggas will complain about the weather no matter what it is lol
ha! Good one :)
RT : Audio-only security notices in museum not useful to deaf people in the museum!
i wish u would go back to ur word life days cuz i miss that. every saturday i watch youtube videos from ur word life dayswriteback
The movie haywire sucks
Preds DB Travis Coleman picks off Cassidy, Preds ball with 2:00 minutes left in the game.
thank you! Leaving Thursday morning. I have to get better, fix my back, un-sprain my shoulder and edit before then lol
I'm tired of just being mr.anybody, so baby come with me and let's just make a body.
woo hoo! RT Today we load the limo & make our annual staff trip to the Kenosha time to shop til we drop!
But don't we all just do RSS anyway?
cuz they not gunna be here
Adoramos el show! Thx for the follow! :)!
Days like today I Dont wanna wear clothes at all #tohot☀
If I could have any car in the world it would, without hesitation, be a Grand Wagoneer. That wood panel is dead sexy, and I'm not ashamed.
I swear that workout was therapy for my soul. Loved it!
your gonna be in chapter 2 im writing it right now(:
I've gotta fever, and the only prescription...is more !
What are your thoughts on the Brain Injury segment on The Doctors today?
lol i dont know where it came from though
Dancing with my dad . Hey
Everybody filing taxes where the hell is my W2????!!!!
You are very welcome! <3
Are you heading to the Nats game tonight? I'll be there for a PRSA event at Red Porch.
It was great meeting and today. Look forward to seeing you all in June for #ROCbeer week
RT Winners never quit and quitters never win
Rules were meant to be broken.
too many snakes in the grass. Especially in Louisiana
wanna get lunch when I get back from my field trip ?
that is pretty cool but tell him "Red" is better!
i miss talking to you..
Stretching out for tomorrow's festivities.
6 student teams have been tagged for the final round of the Teams 3,6,8,15,16, & 19! Congratulations students!
My grandma said I gotta stop getin tattoos at ah yung age
you too? Whats up?
I am on my way to the fire in Columbia Heights. Some members of my staff are already there.
please follow back so we can dm
Closed SHORT $EURUSD for +17 pips profit; 39% of the community volume is trading the EURUSD with sentiment 48% SHORT
Headed to Orlando this morning to speak at #IIAGAM looking forward to meeting everyone!
see you soon. Team roots. Happy new year...
my Mentions was juicy this morning.
Since we got together , things change for the better
Slow bus, but at least Frank is here to endure it with me.
The weekends already over :( feels like a saturday
Toto, I don't think we're in...no wait. Yup, still in Dallas :)
ohmygod. When my mom told my uncle my sister is christian and goes to church often.
It's a beautiful morning in downtown #Baltimore!!! Can't wait 2 go see the #Orioles later w/ and
I hate chemistry when will anyone ever use stoichiometry?
i wish i didnt like my bestfriend):
congratulations, dude! You're going to rock it!!
It's all good...it's just game 1....we can lowkey put some blame on the refs they called the game horribly...anyways...
#entrepreneur we want to know, where do you get the strengths to keep going?
Magic vs. Pacers I think I'll nap during this game. B.back for Mavs&OKC
about 2 emcee for the game! puck drop 7:05pm...expecting a huge crowd 2nite, so come out and support!
RT : Got 60 online votes in for & + my 12 phone votes. Vote, vote, vote
Isn't this awesome?! hahaha..I thought of us right away
#Romney in '09 urged #Obama to use an individual mandate to control healthcare costs in an op-ed. #Romney=socialism lite.
I swear, every time I drive on Mira Mesa Blvd, I wanna get out and knock some sense into people
Watching on #Giuliana&Bill on
i need 2 talk 2 u alone
can I just have a juice?
Everything after the album Songs About Jane was a let down :P
German chancellor Angie not a happy occupant of the European driver seat, good observations in the
Haha. That's awesome.
JOLO: Jesus only lived once.
Single and ready to mingle!
Really great start to the WTE weekend. Great group of guys. Seeking forgiveness of clergy partners who I introduced as Cheech & Chong. :)
Follow and like her facebook page www.Facebook.com/nikolinaxi if you want the best clothing jewelry and etc
i like cotton candy
NUI hits athletics, health, defense: Now, techies are implementing “natural user interface” innovations in every field — seemingly me...
Anyone know which bank is offering the document shreading tomorrow. Is it Peoples Bank?
trying out the new Macbook pro....like driving a Cadillac!
Make someone sparkle this Valentines Day ! www.fastfix.com
Best BDay weekend ever!!!
Practicum projects are wrapping up today and tomorrow. Time really does fly.
hope you all good player
Can't stop listening to New Amerykah Pt.2. I think I have a problem.
Hey Fabi - we start taking calls at 8am. Call us as early as you like & we'll make sure you get lunch whenever you want it!!
All the guys on #thebachelorette >>
You guys have fun out there. Say hi to the kids for me.
Me without you is like shoe's without laces, a nerd without braces, and a sentencewithoutspaces.<3
Where would we be without ramen, though?
Feels like 2010 and Jodie Meeks all over again.
Usually by the end of an RPG it hasn't been fun for tens of hours because I've optimized. Diablo is a bit different.
looked into the report you mentioned. We were never interviewed. It looks like a firm that specializes in web researching.
Nebraska plays DEFENSE !!! Im watching them right now wow they are focus every man moving smart.
If Cotto wins I'll buy you all ice cream.
Sherrod Martin's tackling ability is exemplary.
7 1/2 hour rehearsal today. I have no idea what day of the week it is right now...Diva's down for the count! Sleep tight, cherubs. ♪♫♪♫
'd actually put it at less than 0%.
Have a great week. Thank you for the follows new friends:
Day goes from worse to worser.
Back on the grid after nearly two weeks off. What did I miss?
My babe comes home today :D so stoked to see her but gotta put in work right now ;)
inbox messaging, the ability to reply to wall posts and etc
Always with respect and dignity. There should be an honorable code of ethics restored. And its an exciting thing to be apart of.
Don't forget to sign up for wireless AMBER alerts at wirelessamberalerts.org !
Guy on BART this morning is rocking real-d 3D glasses... Is he seeing in 3D squared?
Cute guy kissing his mum
yes! i can't look too much at it, you know, driving and all. :)
salty i really mis him
Happy Founders Day to the men of Omega Psi Phi!!
Save Your Girl Klaus :)
My new New Year's Resolution... Attack every day like Shawn Thronton played last night.
Matt Wilhelm Better and the Best of tonight. Good. job. Well done. Good luck.creATIVE. Our best from
Georgia, A song of you, Comes as sweet and clear, As moonlight through the pines. ... Congratulations
Does online paid surveys really pay because if its true then why these take registration fee in advance!...
from the windows to the wall... “: Aw tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet aw tweet tweet tweet #gotdamn”
It seems like things which require a day, week, or month to raise awareness always get more lip service than real change
After a two week holiday break we are back in business. Tightening songs, taking pictures, looking for gigs. Here we come, 2012.
no u didn't u didn't follow me again :/ and u can't cut and paste dude
Yah! Financing ever so close!
Right. My thing is: if both the offense and defense execute properly on a given play, what is the outcome?
Goes away when you die...
Tell me that you love me, tell me that I take your breath away. <3
jeebus christo there's so many mexicans here. silly family of mine. lol
Rave girls are silly
“: How rude coach. I want more Danny! RT : best part is #lessDanny this year! "”
and that was smokin'
grabbing the slightly right size jeans & not the 2 sizes2big pair
Japanese izakaya( いざかや) for dinner. I never get tired of it.
Thanks for the RT, and for helping to raise awareness of #Parkinson's!
Colin Robinson recaptures the narrative in AAUP panels.
OMG now it's the Wheat Thins commercial with Bryan and Stewy! 
nun much wbu
RT : I have a feeling The German will have Monster game tonight...
Happy birthday my dear friend !!!
that time i sprained my wrist on the bus it hurt lol
OMFG @ THAT JR SMITH DUNK
Not happy about this trip, I should be at home instead taking care of more important things. Grrrrr!
Happy Birthday to the greatest Bard of Avon & my all time literary fav William Shakespeare. I'm still searching for my Romeo..
haha that's what I like to hear! Enjoy yourself man
Lay the foundation - Is Mobile Marketing right for my company? Do a competitor review
I found about Blacks/Latinos not acting a fool and Asians being more than just 'smart'.
Nice! Did you run the lakes? I miss that route!
Money thats boxing!!!!!! Now to see the fight that everyone awaits to see!!! vs pacman!!!!!!!
Maki doing Ave Maria was simply breathtaking!
#pond5 our #fluentbus will be making party runs all night and can shuttle your VIPs free open bar on board and DJ
#SomebodyLetMeKnowWhen the elections r over!
I'll see you at WWDC - thanks to my BEST.EMPLOYER.EVER !
I don't care.
how it go?
along w/coaches, empowering tchr leaders.
We met today to discuss all of the events we have planned for the remainder of the semester including many functions in the NYC area.
Seems Bud Adams the Titans owner will throw Peyton Manning a "TON" of cash! We will find out tomorrow if Peyton is all about winning or $$$
Life is not a PROMISE!!!!
great! hope you liked it… more to come.
i think i'm getting allergies o_O .
you mean 'first years,' surely?
I appreciate that Christina is covered up today.
: Green blogging is against thorwawayism, for thoughtful, careful purchasing. Celebrates both thrift and aspiration.
Kat Graham, you are my hero.
Who doesn't know that I like Jacob?! Honestly lol it's not a secret..
interesting.. excited to spend more time with it! Glad to hear you're enjoying it. Do you rent or own it?
How are you today Adam?:)
Dancing in front of the window...and realizing the construction worker is watching you.
California love :p
ohhi will follow u Ok
I'm standing behind her,she bending over so I quess I'm playing Quarterback..Yup that's a 10/4
yes, it seems completely nutty
Hoping my books for the book signing Saturday show up at my door today. I'm getting nervous about it cutting so close....
Congrats to on the premiere of her first novel "The Singles" - Boston-based author love!
Wait a sec...is there no H-US-in-the-world?
haha it's ok the fish will be better in a few yrs lol
I heard that when liberals meet in the dark the teach each other Chinese and talk to Iranians on Skype about how they love Obama.
#ihateitwhen the radio kills songs by over-playing them. Example, Take Care.
Finally got storyboards for my next video, going to knock this project out this month! Stay tuned!
Hey there ;) RT “: A big hello to our new followers Thanks"
I follow you on keek, instagram, and twitter do you follow me on any? No but I only have a twitter SO lol
Where will you be for the revolution of evolution?
Guys can be complete asses sometimes ..
Recover from stress w/ chamomile, lemon balm, and passion flower supplements...
I love gobstoppers, they just so yummay
We're hoping there's a QB under the tree on Christmas! Just add batteries.
I had a dream with and in it. It was only a dream :/
Why do we have to wait for full versions of #internetexplorer - every other browser does periodic releases for standards support
indeed; it's a shame I have no cocktail attire!
“: Sometimes, no matter how much you do for someone, they just won't appreciate it.”
Thank you sir, God bless.
Very big news within the next few days! Who's excited to find out what it is?
#Obama issues warning for
Thank you to the Fishers YMCA Dance Recital. Hope everyone enjoyed dancing in the beautiful Paramount Theatre! See you again next year!
what up side kick
merciiiiiiiiiiiiii mon ami, hope to be celebratin a bunch in NY/NJ this summer too, hope to see ya!
Thanks for reading #BeyondTheFrame. You in Chicago?
"Stop spreading my wealth 2 other countries" uh do u realize that spending on war spreads ur wealth 2 other countries?
I know you will never see this but i just wanted to let you know that i <3 you.
Mine && travis's conversations >>>>>>> <3
I'm wide awake & since I plan to be at work at 6am this means I'm so close to pulling off an all nighter woohoo! Haha
Seemingly simple once again proven complex. If you sell things make sure your website makes it clear where to buy
There is no better day then to see a Special Needs student's eyes light up when he/she has a moment of enlightenment!
Sorry I'm spamming your timeline guys lol. Need Liam to follow mw
110897 Hey how's it goin?
And then BTR comes on...... Then kelly clarkson 'my life would suck without you'....... This channel knows one direction perfectly!
This a good #QR codes plan for Victoria Secret? Lingerie QR scans earns loyalty points.
haha u didn't deny it, thanks!!! ;)
So hot.
u lik or no?
Awesome!! looks like Roman is all over a blog, I see a video on #hustle in my near future. Thanks for the sug ...
please #Follow back > <- b/c of my #health horror story, I wld b disappointed that political group would show sick as Undead
The studio exec that evaluated Fred Astaire's first screen test wrote, "Can't act. Can't sing. Skinny. Balding. Dances a little."
I love reading everyone's tweets about the super bowl... Lol
not sure what you mean there
when will you have another U.S concert?
Thank you!
Or should that be B&N? They have Starbucks too :)
i WANT TO BE FOLLOWED
#scdebate, what about the war that others declare on us! Capturing may cause more lives lost by Americans.
ahahaha I has an extra one.
Great rehearsal today. Thank you guys! See you Friday!
I'll email you
Crying at 5am; I got so sappy at the end of Homeward Bound
can't wait 2 see u tonight!
Agreed: myspace/geocities wasn't really social media back then. So: should we just not trust anyone that says 10+ years in social?
you alright bro?
Gettingg ready for school! How fun!?
Where did you see the org-mode expert? A video? If so, URL?
"Children need the freedom and time to play. Play is not a luxury. Play is a necessity." - Kay Redfield Jamison, professor of psychiatry
My heart goes out to each family who lost a loved one in this mining tragedy, my hopes & prayers r w the 4 missing miners & their families.
"I didn't have any accurate numbers so I just made up this one." thanks for the laugh
Allman Pancakes Band
Daily GTKY question: What do you eat for breakfast?
i am SO excited to see
Guys! Follow ! She is a mahomie (:
Why do I have to deal with crapware on my phone?
Charleston never disappoints! Best meal I've ever had. Definitely happy birthday to me!
Thnx Have a great weekend.
Thank you, hand Sanitizer for letting me know there is a cut on my hand.
im not with him ?
Needs to start working out again. 😒
Thanks! RT : Far too few schools are truly transformational but I love & Big Picture
My mom made some good ass Brownies
Happy Birthday !!
I feel like there's a nap in my immediate future.
I thought for a second this was the last summer I would see my sister all the time. But she's going to the same school as me... lol
Love saying my prays at night
Minter Ellison adds Nabarro partner to Perth base
lol that was amazing none the less
In 2012 I resolve to spend more time at parties bragging about that novel that I'm planning to write.
Happy Birthday fella
come yes please mads
I'm watching you RT this on your Mac right now(; let's get to number 1! #RolexOnKROV :)
Hope you get to see it a 2nd time! RT : Loved Wicked !
Super interested to see how a class of undergrads will respond to the #TejuCole tweets that inspired and are included in his Atlantic piece.
It's National Paella Day! So, watch your neck...
part 2 He also has a strong personality.He actually cares about his fans and tweets them.That's why I'm
FAITHYYYY What's wrong babe?!
RT : If you don't give people a place to vent during crisis, someone else will create a "your company sucks" FB page....
Niggas be snitchin on they own men,now that shit ain't street
Damn what a workout by
Don't forget to follow our resident DJs! and
I didn't say it was a bad mood....but ya I want my damn table at starbucks not that other one! *stomps feet*
If a man had as many ideas during the day as he does when he has insomnia, hed make a fortune.
Someone save me from COCOMO. We got there fast, and it's going slow.
Lol Really? That's cool! :P
Serving up Fish Cutlets filled with Salmon roe, mash potatoes, grilled vegetables & caviar dressing...if you can only smell this.
was I on fire?
It's always good to try new things and engage in different scenes.
"Chipwrecked" or "Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close?"
Thanks - happy to help if you have any questions
Deep breath. And go.
Sure will do have you registered an applied yet?
Hospitals need better chairs. My ass is numb.
OF COURSE one of my headlights on my car would go out the weekend Joe is out of town.
Thank you Seattle for your support of The Seattle Show!
ya im glad im not officer 410
youre my husband just lettin you know :)
Having sex at least once per week can lower a man’s risk of heart disease by 30%, stroke by 50% & diabetes by 40%.
Aw thank you!!Can't wait to tell you about it! P.s. love you p.p.s. we need to have a weekend together! Movies, and Jude law
I was so happy to hear of your 1st win as a #Cub. Lots of #Pirates fans miss you!
becky STFU and chris get a life
Id rather be a slut than be in love.. LOVE SUCKS lol
Whohoo, and perfect weather too! RT : Can't wait for my Brady Street on Saturday!
Thanks to this brilliant Sound Hound app, I'm spending all this fucking money on songs.
o ok got it.....get one already
We practice for Patty's Day 364 days a year. Where will you be this Saturday?
Thanks! I got a question for ya..
O God y me y?!? Sea sickness feels like death actually death is an understatement
Highly recommend the crab cakes, lobster and fennel fritters, and sesame-crusted ahi tuna DELICIOUS! It's a must try.
new photo... who likes?
I just earned the Mobile Streaker badge on #Yelp!
He had often wondered what it was
sadly the city government (and state for that mater) like to plead poverty but never act poor for pet projects
I told myslf you were right for me but felt so lonely in your company You treat me like a stranger Now you r just somebody that used to know
Up at 6 am on a saturday???
Ima staart charging folks who come to 239 to eat!....
haha that's sick man! $500k is a steal for comrie!
I'll always be there 🏠
Did I miss something? Is this #customerservicefree day? Where no #customerservice will be given today?
Boldness be my friend. William Shakespeare
Can't wait till it's complete!! My associates and I go to the market quite often!
When I'm with you I understand the difference between a boy and a man...--
On the phone with #oomf :D He's funny
The working of our minds paint a portrait of possibilities, but it is with the working of our hands that we sculpt it into reality.
Only Florida, Columbus, Phoenix, Nashville, Atlanta and the Islanders haven't done it since 1997
I finilly have pic for twitter like it it is me an my cousins
welcome bacj sweetie gotta say it wasbgood seeing u..
My behind going to be tired tomorrow on campus.. I need to get off here lol
I know that feeling lol..nothing else will do
I only manscape when I think I will be getting laid
Looks like being in the "smart" ACC didn't teach FSU basic accounting.
one more encore pass of Discovery over DC
Why you gone lie like that punk? lOl! && had to straighten that nappy stuff. lOl!
After further review Leveler is in fact thee BEST ABR album!
I’ve always felt it was not up to anyone else to make me give my best. -A. Olajuwon
trio continues its "Plays for Monk" CD Celebration at Jazz Alley in Seattle Tuesday and Wednesday, September 15 &16, 7:30PM. No cover!!!
Just when we were forgetting about Bin Laden's death, Obama supports gay marriage. Nice save, Barack. You'll need another in 6 months.
We look forward to seeing you!
Just me, or was that a rather insensitive piece on Adam Yauch's death on 'Greta'??
I'm really glad my dates never end with Chris Hansen in my living room
everyone follow this girll! she's gorgeous, super nice, & just a great person!!! (((:
you a dog
check out my new single , independence girls
Yes please
what about the banana?
Oh no! Wish there were 1 place 2 look for all political, local & sports events on any day. Brite side: more appetizers 4 us?
Ya...I guess this mobile thing is gonna be pretty big.
hahaha excellent South Park ref! I didnt actually pay for them - I finally racked up enough coins to get one color set.
Why not? Just look back at theirs and say "aww" “: I don't trust fellas who keep looking at my dick when I'm at the urinal.”
I probably know more shit then you ever will throughout your whole life. #IHaveTheLooks #AndTheBrains. Bitch ass nigga. Shit..
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, even if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason -Buddha
#sdmayornp "I plan to double funding for arts in my two terms as mayor"
#lol I deserved that bro
Im my own keeper.....
nice...let us hope it becomes biggest grosser.
It is a janitorial nfl footballs for sale to tease as a floodplain of some- footballs for sale
Louis is funny AND attractive :) How can people not see this?
Roasted Poblamo peppers stuffed with black beans, cheddar cheese, crushed garlic, Spanish onion and spices...yum!
#WeAreHYPE The Houston Texans will play 5 games on national TV...
I'd love to write a blog post about your group!
Photography & music have the same ruling planet: URANUS
Hey thx for the fun #AOTS now go enjoy the weekend !
hahaha! Put your elbows away!(:
140k going to 5k on dinner break 15 from the $$$.
Dude in the green room was talking about how cool Pinterest was. Totally for guys too
WHOOHOO!!! CAN'T WAIT
S/O to 4 a solid listenin' party, cant wait for #InVitro, footage frm ThaCW coming soon
Yall come n go, sucks that ur gone but love'n make'n her cum..
Well that took way longer than it needed to.
Like this if you want to know what the prize will be for the 500 fan giveaway! If we get enough likes we will share!
All day long you been working babeh, but all night long I'll be working babeh....
that's a #beautiful feeling! Congrats!!!!
amen kiddo, amen!
One Stop #glamour #Shop #Salon #Barber We Have your hair covered Don't forget about #make-up and #eyebrows! # Braids flat irons $75
thank you boo(:
Good morning all! Busy day today. Hope you all have a great Friday!
Aw shucks! That's Nebraskan for "thanks" I'm told.
Sox put Dunn on eBay last month, still eager for opening bid.
#omgfacts I will be on time to work today
Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again. ~Andre Gide
Friday the 13th, the day that Mogwai (魔鬼) is coming to town. :)
Gettin my songs together for my V Day customers!! She's gonna love it www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
Yoga is where it's at.
may the fierce be with you...all.
I wanna call her boo!!!
#ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage my eyelashes ;)
FAKES FRIDAY!!
STARTING NEW CINEMA MOVEMENT FEATURING BEES & ABOMINABLE SNOWMAN FROM "RUDOLPH THE RED-NOSED REINDEER" WILL BE CALLED *BUMBLECORE*
nothing I just think my car gonna be dead when I leave work
remember when we were talking about that chick I couldn't remember at the cellar? It was Nikki Glaser.
Thank you very much! I appreciate it.
15th Annual Conference on Vaccine Research - MarketWatch (press release)
continues to refer to Twitter as "the tool."
Cerritos College (SE Los Angeles County) rally attracted about 100 students
Awh I love y'all!
And if there is any doubt about my commitment to Indiana and our Nation then please check-out our website - www.GeorgeForCongress.www - JDG
So awesome!
I hate feeling like this for you:/
for real though should be a hell of a series
I have officially developed a deeper level of obsession for if that is even possible at this point....AHH electra heart <3
Either block party sucks or this is just a really good April fools day joke
Two more days of flamenco! due to overwhelming demand, we'll have the Casa Patas Show on the 11th and 13th of November as well
Impromptu on Valentine's Day? How did you manage that?
And a big congrats to my Tribune uncles, and David Jackson, for their Pulitzer finalist story on catching bad guys!
Beautiful Sunrise, it's gonna be a great day!
Instead of piping oil sands to Gulf refineries, why not build some refineries in N. Dakota? Or anywhere since none made since 70s?
It's what I was born to do, don't have to think it through, Baby, it's so easy loving you, it just comes natural.
Studio sessions cancelled this week, gotta get together new material! There may be a all writers meeting at the end of the week!
Fuckin annoying when I hear or read 'leggo'.
Bump Champagne & Chickenheadz!
Thanks for the follow back!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that tells you like it is , no sugar coatin the facts
I'm going to start calling native apps thick clients
But should I bring my mbp to the sessions...
Welcome to my world.
yeahh...the one I love doesn't love me back ):
1 more person for an Espn fantasy baseball league draft is at 8!!!
15 miles til Miami <3 there's no place like home.
There are other types of workouts... bro.
WHATS UP TWITTER WHAT THE PLAY IS..........SSSSSMMMMMMHHHHHHHHHH
#brewers are crazy awesome right now
So tired of this shit . #almost done
bahahaha. Not here =))
I told Aiden he can count on me. He said "yes I can mommy. I can count on your fingers and your toes." Life with a literal child
I think you're right.
Thank You! RT : Why not #follow some of our faves- , , , , and !
and hell yes its getting colder by the minute!
Balloon Boy can suck helium
Its a nice looking day today....could be a tad warmer though
Sometimes those orders do go thru later...good luck...and if not, I'll party on the lawn with ya's! :D
Beautiful lights! Your pics are making me want to take down my 1927 painted-over fixtures and restore them!
of course not! Ur not that old. ;-)
"I understand what you're saying to me, but it's hilarious."
Anyone have exec contact at #T-Mobile US? I'm getting stonewalled on a cust service issue.
just got back in the house… went to the movies with the fam! WYD?
90s House music, you invade my soul!! Planet planet planet soul!!
Working it Ninja style!!!
A year ago I had a back injury and followed a good nutrition program to help speed up my recovery
um like the 80s are like totally back in fashion dude.
Testing my Twitter to Facebook app
doesn't bother me at all! Love you pey! Your fans can be your valentine(:
Of course, my pleasure. Doing well, you?
Following some great folks:
ROTC students build camaraderie through field training
That nap turned into BED. Lol
Dope as always ya'll!
On my way to.columbus baby
Such a pleasure meeting you at the "American Graduate Teacher Town Hall" yesterday! LOVE the work you are doing! GoGet'em!
Every action in our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate into eternity. -E H Chapin
“: Carlie Rae, the very best.”--> in my defense I tried to turn it down
Thanks so much for coming to talk to us on our NLC tour today! You're great. :-)
it is so far! I'll taking a bunch of notes and will send them out
EW THAT HAPPENS?
Thanks for the RT hope you and your #bride family and friends had a great celebration last night!
Performing at the Atrium on Sweet Auburn in Atlanta on July 30th.
don't need the twitter app anymore.
Doron Lamb seriously has not missed one three point shot in practice. Dome effect? Seriously he did not miss one shot!
I've been woken up so many times in the past hour, I literally just got physically sick and threw up.
YOU ARE MARVELOUS. :-)
What like 1/2" steel? Actually it sounds like a job for a digital engraver, someone that does plaques.
Can a man who is warm understand one who is freezing?
my expectations 4 a film on the human condition were 2 gr8, I reckon-the fact is, $ def helps in distressing situations in life
So when #Israel talks about attacking #Iran, we sit and wonder how they will do it? Might as well give them the go ahead.
At Car Crafters, there are no surprises.
Happy Brain Day? Glad you're still with us, enjoying the snow?
It's a System Of A Down kind of day
your popcorn was a huge hit for my afternoon presentation. Now, I'm eating all the leftovers. ;-)
I know that song and love it. You guys are even better live ;)
Hey how's next week for you? Coffee? :)
good luck tonight at the #RYU opening :)
Feature:ham sandwich with lightly grilled granny smith apples, fried brie tomatoes, and lavender aioli on whole wheat toast. $9
|#quotes Never mistake activity for achievement.
Happy holidays from Lexy!
you at stage coach??
yea i heard!! I was like wtf???
my grandma is singing along to It Will Rain... omfg , all she speaks is Spanish 😂
yeah girl! I'm at your work right now applying! Haha when are you free?!
Our office is closed this entire week. We will reopen on Monday, January 2 at 9am. Best wishes for a great 2012!
I'm not even sure I can justify an 8mm film projector...
Arianna Huffington denies she's an ET #huffpost Of course not! She's a Greek goddess, possibly Athena
That is awesome
Feel like there are probably a million people drinking ginger ale in the sky at any given time.
just lost a FB share post due to iPad screen rotation. Boo.
thanks! The app really helps
my original choice was "shut up and learn" :)
MLB All-Star FanFest is a once in a lifetime experience for many people. I think we both know which one you should get.
Finally goin to sleep
Feel like shit today, work is going to drag but tonight should be poppin though
The boys bday party has started! Bunch of 9 year olds screaming and skating in the basement listening to cindi lauper
#ICantBeTheOnlyOne who still likes going to Disney......
my farts stink
great job on the voice who would have thought u go from warped tour last summer to the voice
Sour Gilbert Grapes on owner's part. It's a business. He needs to suck it up & deal - like a man.
If you are a high school player and looking for a personal trainer, we know of one. He will be in BR. $100 for 3 sessions or $30 for an hour
Getting ready for the Flying Pig in #Cincinnati! Not pumped for the hills, but otherwise will be a good race :)
Agree with that land use questions would be great.
Checking out MyHabits.com, Amazon's new membership-only fashion focused deal event website.
feeling horrible #sick :\
By holding the b button at bootup, no?
You welcome:)
dont. know. what. to. do. #lifechangingdecisions are always the hardest...
Breaking: FBI Fugitive Adam Mayes found dead. Two girls with him still alive.
You can do that and listen to public radio too?
Honey honey, I can see the stars all the way from here
#eli2012 Student use DigTech: faculty diffrences: digital resources animations,data sets, teaching learning exercises, scholarly resources
It makes my timeline so attractive. ;-P
I feel like being nice to today :3
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Resident Play goes to... RUINED
You Read It as "Non-Flammable" .. I read it as "Challenge Accepted" (y)
I Love How Laila Automatically Assumed My Last Status Was About That One Him [Whose Name Shall Not Be Spoken].,
Local favorite and COBO friend Norm Hazzard brings his casual-Oakland style to the mix tonight. Been with us since the beginning. <3
... "Eat snacks. Keep fresh fruits and vegetables on hand, for late-night and between-meals snacks." ... Your Weight-Loss Coach
Dad was in town all weekend. We took a long drive up to Sausalito and along the coast. Saw a sea lion.
AH <3 #SaySomethin PLAYED AGAIN<333 AMAZING & he's still single... and ready to jingle!!! <3333
Is Veganism Appropriate for Kids?
The fire at Tyler Perry's studios destroyed movie sets and films; but no art was harmed.
Eerie fog out tonight. Can't capture it on my phone and too tired to lug my camera outside. Maybe it'll hang around til morning?
I'm so confused watching this damn show.. What happened?
Thanks for your reply. +1 to add spotlight & magnify to your next update.
passed up on a lot of girls. there's only one i wish i hadn't.
Third time's a charm. I really want to get to Mexico.
RT : Meetings in LA and Dallas next week- recording the full EP in one shot, and finalizing the mixtape. Title coming soon!
there's like 12 of us so far we had to commit early to take off work, etc lol
I NEVER SAID I WAS CUTE I SAID I WAS COOLER THAN HIM! xD
"Its growing" hahaha it never gets old
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadows. -Helen Keller
It's that time of the year again! NBA playoff time! Theses Florida teans are looking good!
Marc is better defensively than Pau but his offense can't touch Pau's.
"Umami" is a Japanese term that describes the taste that combines sweet, sour, bitter, and salty together into a "fifth sense."
your species!
Yup, Gene! By the way, your webinar series on System have been superb! Thanks much 4 starting a strong SYSTEMS conversation:).
Welcome Red Sox legend, the RemDawg, to the world of #kickassfiction!
With my twinn " he getting his 1st tattoo" im gettin my 9th
Wiz need a Paul Pierce Carmello Anthony type
Foster the people <3
Hot Atlanta Hot Hair Deals at Salon Salon Ramsey 404.454.1494 www.salonramsey.net
Media outlets should not report on political polls they do not conduct themselves. It's that simple.
Hmm.... apple ipad.... not blown away yet.
Great idea!
