FAMINE IN AFRICA -WE THE PEOPLE MUST GET INVOLVED!
Tower of terror ! #yeahbuddy ;)
ewww in ya house?
and then after that we can have a jack off contest and see who wins that.
Girls take forever to use the restroom ... Waiting lol nbd
hello again. listening to music, writing, and thinking. this is good.
Shout out to all the baby daddies who takin they kids to chuckie cheese today cuz they was with that BITCH n her kids
RT : Marmol is headed to DL. Going to Chicago for an MRI.
WISH IT WUD WARM UP!
Does anyone know why eggs are tied in with a holiday predicated on Jesus' returning to life?
Milwaukee's Best Happy hour! Yes best! Ask Ben the bartender to tell you how to win a free cocktail party for you and your friends
Thanks, all!“: CONGRATULATIONS to 3 YART members who won TASL Blog Awards! Leigh Ann Jones, Pamela Thompson, & Jill Bellomy! ”
Definition of "in the zone" RT : Wow. RT : Hamilton has five homers and a double in his last six at-bats.
We were very thankful for your services. We appreciate your behind-the-scenes help!
"Would you...would you mind?"
HERE BLAINE, I TWEETED!
do you think Julius Randle ends up in Blue and White??
great!!! Thanks
After months of scandal, as many as 300 people are expected to attend tonight's meeting in #SunlandPark to select and appoint a new mayor.
wanna come off strong cause too many people wanna get me. but you know I do what I gotta do. Just like you, I get lonely too
okay, the reviews are pretty good and I love Zac Braff but now I refuse to watch the movie in spite of you :P
RT : I'm tired of losing my best guy friends due to psycho girlfriends.
wow...shauna needs a MAN wants me and j to pimp for her...
Bringin a ol' famalam dub tape for him to sign #cucumberSLICE RT : was your DJ... Tomorrow night, COIN(S).
justinbieber you never notice me?
ok bro~
you too Jeffrey!
Well when is your spring break and we get discounts and staying at a family's house (:
Who is contact for the C St NE sidewalk project? On North side of 1200 blk, crews laid new brick over leaking water main.
Sometimes the person you really need is the one you didn’t think you wanted
Are there plans to expand bike lanes in Jax & is it possible to make existing ones more visible to drivers?
on it's way!
Way to make collin jealous Patti ha love you
What are you doing? Request a song! 617-573-8324
At turner hall with my Mom for tony and tinas wedding, this is hilarious!
i heard that shit was coming!they said countyline was only gonna be slow till the first of the year tho
how are ya
Me and rep'n
To all my wonderful followers please bare with me and allow me the time to follow you back. Twitter only allows so many. I will follow asap.
I can actually play today lol
WELP. At least no one else got injured? Moral victory? No? Okay.
do you have any resources to help me find online PR grad programs?
i love favorite girl live version!! OMB OMB
My follows to followers ratio is all fuccd up
#bookcover designer in the making #graphicdesign #typography etc. I will soon post a rough of my book cover
Mac Miller, B.O.B. Hopsin (Old) Wiz>>>>
ALGF to many people looking to take profits early. Still watching to see if the .0010s get hit.
hahah so sketchy.
Whenever you're not around, we say really nice things about you.
Currently listening to Sleigh Bells didn't think I'd like them but I actually like them a lot.
Creative comedy is like growing geraniums in a mine field
Go beat them silly Packers! 9-0 in the first quarter.
There's a king cobra, one of the most dangerous snakes in the world, one bite and I'm dead,,,,,, I'm gonna pick it up
“: d1inc210” alright I'll give ya a call tonight when I log on
I'm all for it!
Taking traing to Boston today. I love the train. Saw the sunrise. Have power and Internet. Life is good.
Mark Trumbo has insane power.
GSA meeting today at noon in the Graduate Lounge (JO 3.930), or on Twitter with hashtag #utdgsa. See you there!
Tell me why I freakin thought a dog was following me, but it was my keys dangling tha whole time! #ThatSlowMoment ™
#IfItWasntForTwitter I'd be a hobo..... >.>
#NewArrivals in the form of markdowns for Men (denim, trousers, s/s shirts). Select lugguge markdowns, all expandable in 19", 22", 25".
better be its charging now(:
Man, this weather can suck it!
I working it out in this gym today
Thats awesome! What a great week to go. Are you staying at school for the summer?
The internet will.catch you.up tisk tisk tisk
Portland has to be desperate tonight.
I fucking hate my school! APOLLO HIGH SCHOOL! SUCKS ASS!!!! t-.-
Made 's Chocolate Silk pie for 18th anniversary & it is PHENOM! Best choc pie I've ever had, #vegan or not. Like rich choc mousse!
Hahaha sounds good buddy you just lmk
Someone busier than you is exercising right now.
thats why I got rid of dish
Habitat 4 Humanity Meeting today at 5 come out to support. Room 304 in the admin
#norwell the rent has come due.
early early.....more tests? Or results?
next year, we're turning our room into a pillow/blanket fort.
- 5 Highly Acidic Foods... beef, pork, dairy, processed grains, alcohol
i am ready to date you now #williamlevy. #DWTS :)
#HowToGetRejected if you ask for a naked pic of a lady .;
Installed Pinterest App Landing page Check it out... Click Pinterest button above, to see some of our client work!
Are you moving to NY?!
I will do, we have a great organic chap just down the road.
"wholism is a waste of space" Bill Williams on boundaries making knowing meaningful
Walking around my house while eating nachos #becauseican ;)
doing big things
taking me for a night want you to make me feel like me the only girl in the world
Getting (some sobering) updates on the status of CSS3 modules from
paul, meet johnny. he would like to shoot. i believe he might have already sent in a note.
DJing the Fairfield High School after prom tonight! Definitely going to be a fun night!!
Pardon my mistake - it's between L and M on *21st St NW*... no photo. But you can't miss it! It's across the entire street.
Thanks! No worries about not keeping up, I know it's not easy. 17-13 right now with one conference game left.
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she listened to the songs I have on my ipod. I have lots of love/sex music and she still thinks idk about sex...LOL
To whoever says majors in the com school are easy: take web design and then get back to me.
Attending Technology Services World conference this week in Santa Clara
thanks amber :) <3 much love
LOL ,Until they cry -_- When theyre all innocent and happy its like "AWWW." OMG when they laugh :'D
Thanks :) RT happy mothers day(:
im not sure how u can be conscious and like lebron. hes good at basketball. thats it. Never will/should get credit for his skill.
Thanks for following me! =)
I don't give a shit what anyone says, I found that opening musical number delightful.
Follow us for a chance to win several gret Spring Break Giveways.
you are awesome!!! Thank you so much!!
I'm on a bastard Detox :( Where do you work?
The new zbb album makes me want to haul somethin
exact same... ima hit you up when im in town
DON'T TEMPT US!
Thanks for the follow! Gotcha back!
People out here spending $120 mil on artwork!! Take notes, that's TRUE WEALTH!!
We're playing a FREE show tonight with Morosity at Wild Tymes in St. Paul.
Beautiful post, Stacy!
we'll get you all fixed up in no time.
The future is #tech but is, has always been & will always be #media. Period.
“I never regret anything. I just always laugh.”
I think I'm growing my legs are killing me...
Reason #1 why I support Ron Paul. I like freedom.
Who likes free stuff?
Big ups to for
welcome to seattle!
been lovely had so hard time but God will supply
How is everyone's day going???
#wiunion is there a specific hashtag for primaries?
Just finished #drift. Wonderful work. Very thoughtful, poignant, and timely. Thank you for raising such an important issue.
lol don't jinx me doty
thats his way of kicking them in the nads and telling them to wake up.. after last nights game, i believe they will
Watching Christmas shows Omg I'm addicted
Milwaukee rappers <
I love being right.
0-45, I think we have seen enough, no matter how nice the guy is.
OH: I fell into the toilet… … … my butt got all wet
howlin wolf northshore is starting to fill up
": don't mind me asking but what is your son addicted too??"beating women and an assorrment of pills. Mostly boner meds.
no more purple and gold the Q'ues have left DC great parties. Chuck Brown is the best. Tom Joyner and Shaq know how to party.
DYK? Alpha Phi Alpha was the First Collegiate African American Fraternity
that was a dope moment
whoo hooo ... let me guess, chillin by the pool, golfing, eating w/fam. lol Enjoy!! RT : Officially on Vacation!!!
Today was a good day(: met some new people, did some work, and what not. But i kept seeing the same person every time at school! -_________-
Pingwu told me tonight that with a mustache I look 30. Yes.
Having succumbed to a stomach flu, I bequeath my Dark Horse dinner reservation to :-(
Game 7 twitches!
no problem (:
Slowly getting some writing done, trying to find some space between production projects to work on EA tunes...but it's so rare right now!
Last Minute Specials to stay @ Rio Casino Resort this WEEKEND $235 for two nights 9/4/10 to 9/6/10 book @ www.myvegaspeople.com
I told my cousin to help me find a poetry group like Black on Black Rhyme out here, but she said there's nothing out here close to that
sea otter. Duh.
Comedy Awards!
UTSA girls have nothing on her.
hi annie, I'd love to see examples of how you use the mood/inspiration/style tiles!
Great hashtag! RT going to the pittsburgh power game
we didn't finish playing our game .
Not this year - but it is on our product roadmap, hopefully soon! cc
#WhileInARelationship don't rush the little moments&enjoy every single day w/ your loved one.Even falling asleep while reading is priceless.
#SoCo2010 is in FULL Swing. How is it going for you? It is GREAT for us. Come by the booth and see
Follow me! I LOVE YOU :D U inspire me!
-_______- that betch ALWAYS had me in trouble
The graph isn't that hard, thin orange line on top, thin green line on bottom. It's ok, I know how hard reading is for you.
We work with companies of all sizes to streamline office workflows and find ways to reduce expenses. Let me know how we can help you!
The images of a distressed Bobby Valentine are really making my day.
I have NEVER in my life taken a nap that long.. Just goes to show it was a long week
agreed, #brewers have def had a rough past until very recently... cubs... meh...
Seriously! treats like a bitter ex. What the hell?
it's next weekend 519
If you have resources or professional learning opportunities, tweet it out to the #sschat gang. Very cool crew!
Didn't end up drinking tonight cause I didn't want the calories lol
THERE! Is school tomorrow. :o Bet you didn't know that! :I
Hi. I am Graham Powell Bintliff.
Love You Like Crazy . Say You Never Let Me Go
A woman is putting on makeup while talking on the phone on a metro bus. I really hate DC sometimes!
fly away, little angel, fly away....
Brandon Roy enters to standing ovation at Rose Garden.
Lion King!
Back from the Badger game! If you're an early invite peep. Get yo ass over here!
I'm on it! The search for the Lonely shoe with a bow is on!!! :)
Thanks for the follow! Would you like to read a screenplay? Best, Matthew
are u enjoying it
haha I have certain family members who would too.. So I guess that's actually understandable! youre planning yours, right?
Love it!
Happy birthday. I might refollow you. But i doubt it.
Guys tryin to get in free like NO i had to be security for a second and push him back out the door smh
Make sure to tune into ABC today at 11am to see Chef Paul Katz showcasing a few awesome dishes for Saturday's Kentucky Derby Charity Event!
Im so buying tickets to your concert in NYC no matter what(: NYC here i come!!! <3
ur so awesome
Beach report: Water = warm. Waves = eh.
Happy Anniversary! Hope u r enjoying you pregnancy even with the heat!
#shehechat I recently heard someway say, don't bother to get up and speak unless you have something to say that can change the world.
We cannot control the evil tongues of others; but a good life enables us to disregard them.
You've got enemies? GOOD. That means you actually stood up for something in your Life. -Eminem <3
Great and you??
Watching present a tech lunch on Twitter.
Your hair is gorgeous
Thank you, Mr. Homeless for pointing me in the direction of the right train to NY. But no, I won't walk with you to an ATM to get you money.
Thanks for the Fathers Day wish Brotha, hopefully everything is going well on your end!!
Wow, I totally thought today was Thursday. Damn Wednesday Day games.
Looks like it. :-(
Get your 'To Swap' bags ready - we'll be opening drop off at 11am tomorrow morning at The Occasional Wife!
THANKS CLEMENTE! See you soon!
Violet knows that John Lemon was a member of the Beatles. She also knows about Curious George Harrison.
If your bored you should click my follow button(:
Ugh I don't like Adium, though! Clearly I just prefer to make things harder for myself.
Can't call on schools to "raise" children & want less government oversight in your personal life w/o being a hypocrite.
We're migrating! Please follow us at our new twitter handle:
wow!!! #goosebumps what an honor!!!
miss u too. We all gotta hang soon
Isn't that great? Excellent guide for "How not to use QR codes."
happy Birthday
That's great! Things are moving along quite nicely on my end-thank you for asking!
Production Notices Los Angeles lists jobs, you can "like" their page for listings...
With 30 minutes left on my mood, my iPad movie app froze up to a black screen. Can't even access the menu. HELP!
home sweet chicago. hmm that just sounds a little strange.
Spencer Hawes is a penis.
Had no idea that Mr. Becker started his business in Cleveland, Ohio. Becker is simply the best CPA prep out there. -Future CPA's everywhere
I just started watching Friday Night Lights..... I thought it was going to be stupid but I actually love it
6 #Engagers. Good people to know & follow
u gotta to go to one not in your city lol.. U feel like a new man after, I promise lol
What track(s) out of our catalog would be a good ringtone??
Tomorrow will be great! Pressleaf's first day at Golazo's offices and 3 new minds coming on board!
Officially in michigan!! Everyone appears to be wearing fuzzy winter coats; hope im not in for a surprise.
Get to 70K followers! One Direction's favorite place to get shakes :) Let's do this!
Now on USTREAM - my FAN!
happy b day
Lips like Sugar...
Public hearing on SB207 - permitting discrimination on the basis of felony conviction. Making felons unemployable is good public policy?
Drink Dank n Dice - Wear your vices with pride!
I want some sushi 🍣😊
Bruh this shit is REALLY good.
sounds cool, ISO more dimension in the sounds/mix
Benefit for Story @ Nutty Brown Cafe in Austin. My set starts around 5:45 - great lineup, great cause!!
RT Week and a half left of this diet n exercise crap
At first I thought it would be another show about rich a$$holes misbehaving--but I feel like it breaks a lot of conventions.
Just registered for the RBMS pre-conference in San Diego in June. Add in the Anaheim conference, and it's a long stint in southern Cal!
My wife told me yesterday that if she could trade places with one person for a day she would be you for a day
I *HAVE TO* see Titanic now.
you should see/hear these guys!
Agreed RT : "this just tastes like stale water" -- my grandpa, after sampling four different starbucks drinks
have fun with my sister :) miss you lotss :*
“: It is said that Jesus spent the Saturday before Easter down in Hell. Or as I would call it: Ikea.” haha!!
Good morning! xoxo
Some new faves on the NEW menu? Cinnamon pancakes with cream cheese icing & the cheese steak omelet!
Why do u guys ffreak out when I reply to you?
no I just go on an off I go to twitter on y twitter app then to YouTube & watch a video or 2 then go on twitter again
yes! Congratulations!
Looking at our rosters for the team we will bring to Battle of the Programs oct 7/8 and I am overwhelmed by the # of tough kids we've got
#SEOfacts Need to understand demand for info in order to supply the content well.
What kind of music? I used to work with someone who would blast opera.
wonderful assumptions? I *still* can't have a full screen flash player on one monitor, and work on another.. (in Linux).
what's that?
I work with Americorps - community outreach, mentoring & tutoring. I have a bachelors degrees in communications/journalism.
Feeling Relief.. :)
I love walking in the rain because you don't see I'm crying
girl you got this.
Oh of course I now have to work tomorrow.
Violence rages in Sudan-South Sudan conflict
I know a few others who might too!
Success is not a place at which one arrives but rather the spirit with which one undertakes and continues the journey.
Thanks! Stalker! LOL
it made me smile every time I heard celebrity going to Africa. where my roots come from.
The #bucks have been playing out of their minds! Who are these guys?
The #rocknrollsocial is tonight. See you there in 10 mins local bands!
my boy
Great game, Mac.
Exactly. Can't listen to him or Buck!!
Watching pranked lol I be die laughing LOL this a show I would watch if I was very angry lol !!!!
adjunct to that, these are my inner fucking thoughts and it's mother fucking twitter. even if dylan wasn't already aware, he (c)
in a super good mood but idk why cause i'm just chilling home alone... maybe that's it lol. i love being alone :)
okay we will work on this ;) you are missing out on endorphins (& letting me get ahead at another discipline ; p)
Free Broadway music in Isham Park tonight as part of Make Music Manhattan...free concerts all over the city! But the best one is uptown @ 7.
a niice way of sayin bye
damn I wanna skip and listen to it now lmao
Oh, and Bea Bea's in Burbank.
RT : Johnson’s Baby Powder is a great base for mascara Add some to ur lashes before applying mascara volume & thickness
Another day another project.
Thank you back. I looked your reel... Interesting to say the least. Keep doing your thing.
I'm sorry April. That makes me sad. I'm so thankful for everything you did for me in making the case for me. It meant so much
Yes! RT : In order to have enviro for creatvty & prototyping museum staff must have time to think/permission to FAIL
Ugh this lady talk so STANK.. UGH
Awww man! In what context?
Manny Ramirez signs a minor league deal with A's for $500,000 and will have to serve a 50 game suspension
Listen to I Fell In Love With A Ninja Master by The Wonder Years. Your bro said you were giving them a chance. It's older.
My outfit REALLY doesn't match today hahaa :p
To many churches act like hideouts,not fortresses or refuges. The church should help and encourage u as believers in life...Not be your life
“: proud to have recorded #BenBehindHisVoices pub date 9/15/11”. We're happy to be a part of it!
We'll have fun this weekend at the show. Tickets still available for tonight, but very close to sold out for tomorrow.
Mo and I are plastering Baltimore with invitations to The FABLERS show on Valentine's. Rewarding ourselves with a big slice in Fell's Point.
You can't get what you want, that's why you want her.. lol
miss you too! <3
Hi! Thanks for the RT. Sounds like a good topic today.
excellent advice! Thanks for sharing.
Math Dyslexia = Dyscalculia. Now what?!?!
time to get that bike tuned, eh?
Judge summoned defendants, lawyers back to courtroom. Reason unclear.
IT SHOULD BE ILLEGAL FOR UNMARRIED WOMEN NOT TO BE ON BIRTH CONTROL...
Sometimes it's like we enjoy watching ourselves get hurt that's why we keep going back to the people that hurt us.
what lurks below and all, eh?
1 is the greatest game played
You are making progress; that's good.
have a donut
No Dolan. Aren't you in there because you killed Pluto?
Easily. Id rather hangout with Evan then bus with that psycho.
amazing really. Makes the fried chicken and beer thing seem tame.
what are you getting me for Christmas?
Seriously considering using the refund I got for the blink show and just buying a ticket to bamboozle and road tripping it anyway
We gon do the same shit Tonight..... I cant the way my bank account set up lmao
TRAFFIC ALERT!! Bad Accident with injuries on I-69 Southbound at the mm 111 - Lima Rd. Avoid the area. Traffic is backed up.
you all followed me at the same time -- hello! But who are you?
Considering laser hair removal for my ears.
The U of M needs more professors like - Thanks for the advice!
hello world i'm here
why is credit so difficult. found a resource for 100% financing to get in the market. contact me if anyone is interested.
at the panel: "Memories are objects in themselves, with their own autonomous expressivity."
I'm due for a viewing of
RT : You know you have good taste in music when you can listen to Justin Bieber on repeat for an hour.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsk Whats Wrong w. U??? WTF If i wanted u to kno i wouldve told u so Don't Fuckin Ask!!!
I've developed something of a crush on dont ask me how it works- it just does!!!
Sleep or talk to my man?
Please join me in wishing Donald Duck and very Happy Birthday tomorrow, June 9th!!! Donald, have a great one and save us a piece of cake!!
Oh, the crushing sadness of Firefox add-ins that only work with older versions of Firefox.
Sorry about that post. Think the account was compromised. Password has been changed and we are good to go. :)
Good looking out 58spacejam for the sick ass G Shock
Watford and Zeller staying. I expected nothing less. It's about more than the money. This is Indiana.
you know i'll be there! Dance shoes are itching for some salsa beats
AFTER I READ URE BOOK I HAVE FELT U LIKE A FRIEND WHO I VE ALWAYS KNOWN
If welfare got cut off completely #thatwouldbeawesome *sick of paying for you ratchet ass bitches to lay around and squirt out kids*
Absence is to love what wind is to fire it extinguishes the small it enkindles the great.
See you there!!!
But so far there ain't a mf out there that can hold me down the way I want so I'm good.
Karma gets you everyday when you see my pretty face :*
I miss you too, cousin. :(
lmao! I cant spell for crap! I meant Hawk!! ;D
my twitter is being stupid
"Hi my name is Bates", "Bates?" "Yeah like Masturbates" - Zaibers!! Love this kid
16 Short Films from across the US and around the world, Germany, England, Spain and more...
and British. Hehe. I think I'll skip it. Thanks tho. :)
This is why you read my papers.
spending time with my mother wife and her mom hey must love the women in mynlife!!!
Thanks! How are you?
well cheer up butter cup I'm coming down when I get off
congrats sweetheart
Thanks Kate that makes me feel good lol I think next week so how's your chance to drive
George Castanza just read our mission statement...
My favorite part of taking the bus through this section of St. Paul? All the businesses named "Pig's Eye."
Bon fire at Dan's later.
me and my best friend belted bubblegumboy during PE
yep, will reply- re-acquainting w/ Quora thread (int. & impt.) from last yr - don't see why LA's cant have be forced to login.
You glow gir!
Nah nah nah nah nah nah.....
Remember kids don't take candy from strangers... unless of course it's Halloween. Then by all means...
Just attended #HungerGames screening. Steve Schmidt, Haymitch Abernathy, is there anyone Woody Harrelson can't portray?!
I wonder what Justice is trying to accomplish by fighting all deez hoes? Youz a trashy bitch not a bad bitch
. most guys seem to feel that way but then why are all my girl friends getting breast implants? Plastic in your body #gross!
&#9746; Protect your Liberty
lol did you have an audience
Nice to see you doing hockey too.
well, i really DO! makes my day that you like it.
#mommausetosay if you sleep go get in the bed
Every time I stand up I feel like im going to throw up, must continue to lay down.
Booked our first zipline tour with Can't wait to see their new adventure. Sould be fun.
New icon of (:
J.Cole
Ha! I will be in about 15 minutes :D I hope you enjoy it as well :)
It looks like the Twins did not do so hot in their home opener.
I'm going to join the kick around tonight. Which field will we be playing on?
Couples Night! Couples entry= 2 for 1!!
LMFAOOO i have stuck in my head now!
More $ in religion and Jim is the Rev. Start a new church!
hates how her boyfriend has baseball and cant talk to her!!:(
Nature holds the beautiful, is up to the artist who has the insight to erect it.
Yes! Mexican food and the Sonoran desert are the two things I've missed most living in NYC.
domination! our presenter killed it, and our business model is SLICK... our wallets need stuffing!
I know D: ! When I get back from Cali, we will. Yes? Yes.
Thank you! Glad to be here!
you wish!!!
do u have an extra JB shirt?
Yeah minus the cane & wheelchair!!
I hate oh snap! Mainly cuz it's like hearing some1 say gosh darn it. Or oh fudge. Just swear! We know what u really wanna say!
when she says she's fine she's usually not
Just got caught up in an actual riot in mcdonalds on 14th and 1st, this is reediculous
"Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay"
RT : Too much to tweet it all. Amazing. RT : Bruce Wyman is non-stop dropping the truth
just walked past and and I failed miserably trying to get her attention
/ Team Follows;
But I liked the goths …
Tomorrow's #awcchat topic: "Help, I can't pay for this! Getting sponsorships" 1130am - 1230pm CST. Anyone can join! via
I'm mad that isn't even following me back lol
sitting on the couch watching High School Musical 3 :)
lumpia, and pork adobo! PS - you can only go without me if you do Karaoke!!
hey. i see you right now.
The one thing video was amazing, watching from america!
never saw it sorry can u post again
my tripod hasn't been used in a while. Need to get into the woods soon
Not tough at all except when dining at one of the red-sauce joints some of my sources prefer.
3868645059 <- Prank call it. (:
How am I celebrating Cinco de Mayo? A leftover half of a Chipotle burrito from last night. M.
However, NBC treats its shows fans like shit, so not surprised fans of NBC shows act like abused pit bulls. Can't really blame 'em
thanks, Hope you like it
After reading a product review for the #GalaxySIII this morning, I'm pretty excited. The #DroidRazrMaxx is going to have to bring it.
A well-defined XML workflow will create documents that are well-formed, allowing you more flexibility for future content needs.
HARRY i'm home sick from school today here in America :P can I get a shoutout so I can feel better? (;
Going home due to stomach Flu! Ugh
Fuck school.. Cant i just call it quits right now
Flux pavilion station on pandora and it plays Moby?! Really?! Sorry.. But no
Jamming tonight w/ , , Jackie Pollauf & Max Beats, for Baltimore Boom Bap Society show 1/11
So happy the won #SuperBowl 46. Who knew one second could pack that much tension?! Great ending against the New England Patriots!
yea a up coming one
When the Egyptian gov't shut down Internet & cell network people stopped communicating remotely from home & went out into the streets
Its good mane I start Spring Ball next monday trynna keep dis startin job mane
heard about this place the other day; didn't we have that idea a few years back?
I'm so fucking lame. Watching the Hannah Montana movie. Lolololol.
With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable.
NMX Ski Cards for sale at DAY OF THE TREAD this Sunday. Embassy Hotel Downtown! $149. Come out and join us!
Sorry, I need to get over this Jolie leg thing but I CAN'T.
": No I don't wanna wake up yet :(" rise and shine booty!
Thank you for the tweet Cary! How many have you tried?
Just returned from #MWC2012 in Barcelona. Emphasis on connection b/w people & device, and device to device; w/ data at core of both
Thanks!! MT : Went to Greenwood Space Travel Supply, got Another Science Fiction: Advertising the Space Race by
I'm flattered!!
Chara just cleaned two clocks in a row. Great way to end the 2nd. The score is tied 1-1.
A thee glass wine flight, a shot of homemade lemoncello and Lent is over for this kid! Thanks !
Lol, lady - you are a rock star!
Lin Dinh suddenly decides to name names. "I don't give a fuck."
☺Applaud their effort when they hate on you. Therz nothing prettier than that
Thats wassup i appreciate that so much
microwavable amy's lasagna and ice cream... so great for a rainy city night in
i miss you, lets hang out.
Nice. Jealous RT Bought tickets to & next week. First time seeing them live. Can't wait!
If we can get through the fucking Rangers we can win the fucking Stanley Cup
Lina has left this cucina... And will now enjoy a little drinky poo and enjoy a glass of vino
My ass itches. Wanna scratch it????
Words can't express the joke that is a Chicago DMV. Was really digging this town before dealing with any gov't entity.
Nice catch Gardner!
WE LOVE YOU!
In fashion? Why do you ask?
Ha. My 2-year old makes me listen to them 10x a day. Any song is catchy for me after that many exposures.
Lovely dinner with at Screen Porch in Dallas. Best part of #alamw12 is staying connected with old friends
In less than 24 hours I will be in Costa Rica! Running around and getting things done! Can't wait!!
men & women are going 2 hate on whatever u do cuz it's in their premature mind 2 do so they would rather see u struggle @ the bottom 4ever
I think Rebecca Black should listen to Friday Is Forever by We The Kings. Now THAT's how you sing about Friday.
Holy cow. Never shot a news segment like that before. But it was fun. Learned a lot. Looking forward to more like that
Reading #TheTwelveCaesars and highlighting traits I admire in orange, traits we share in green and traits to avoid in blue.
Bummed right now. Gonna be a lonely couple of weeks. Should be use to it. Bleh. Back to sleep
Go Mavs!! Can't wait for the parade and the start of next year's season!
After midnight so technically #KeggsNEggs is tomorrow!!
we will let you know!
God is so good! Your testimony was great! Very moving
Keep up the running everyone!
Man. Two blown calls in this game. Hell, in this inning.
super tragic... Backwards ass let me get off these niggas lol
thanks for the follow! Great work!
Are you at for #harrypotter? You may recognize a certain movie about ... Well... Me! :)
it's so much fun! And Joe was awesome today when he came!
omg - Mary wants to know if it still works.
What do Mezcal, rabbit, and mismatched dishes have in common? They're all predicted food trends for 2012, of course! Check out the rest...
There's something in the shadows. In the corner of your room. It's got a dark heart. And it's waiting for you.
to #nurses on support 4 #singlepayer: "I don't think of it as socialized medicine. I think of it as Christianized medicine."
so the question I have is... where we hanging tonight?!?!? shoot me a DM, I'll show y'all Nashville the right way!!
today has been one of the worst days of my life...thank god for family...
Thanks for following us!
RT : Just checked out the show Nice work my friend. <-- Sing my praises, Pete!
Hey guys! Our Twitter handle is now OFFICIALLY No need to change anything or follow someone new! Carry on!
Congrats seniors! You made it through hell! Now go make something of yourselves. I'll miss some of y'all!
I live for you! Night Roman! Love always, QueeR Barb.
just finished Batman #3 and all I can say is it proves why you're my favorite writer nowadays!! Awesome work!!
Don't worry luv,I'm only teasing....
Hope everyone had a smooth monday!
Go to Spain.
Baby u r hot
IF ANYONE WANTS 2 GET INTERVIEWED ON KUEEN OF KRUNK SHOW ON THURS. NITE ON CHOP SHOP RADIO CONTACT JENNIFER & GET SCHEDULED CALL 2107846094
Cold Game Like A Old Mane!!!!
when I worked in a job connected with Section 8, I was shocked by how many iPhones I saw.
Totally Digging Selena and Demi this coming year! Both gorgeous and sweet women. Disney has had great stars!
The Stras pitches tonight. May the Fourth be with you!
Waking up and feeling skinny. >>>
♬ August 1st 1964 Rockabilly/Rock'n'Roll Singer Johnny Burnette diied in a boating accident. Hits include "Tear It Up" "You're Sixteen" ♬
site and app were workin that night
Things go bad before they get good.
Just graduated high school today! R-T if you're a high school graduate, or if you're goin to graduate high school!
I had a heartache when I saw the preview for Punkd, kay cool. ;)
shopping :) and my partner totally bailed on the project
Wow, now that's a view!!
Omg twitter changed
btw, i can't believe we didn't bump into each other; we could have shared ink collections!
lol we all know it will be better than 103!
... we'll make it I swear!
"win it before U cn buy it" wknd promo is up on
Hm. That's too bad. I just looked at your profile.
got this pricey ass watch and never use it for the time
Redeem your points and miles for gift certificates at hundreds of online retailers ! ad ERROR
Going back to bed at dis point
Harvey hops to top prize in rabbit contest
I never thought that it'd be so simple, but i found a way. I found a way.
Nope! Was just at 370, but I've already dropped to 966. lol
okay for sure!
Part of the secret of success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside. ~ Mark Twain
My husband and I just sat and talked for hours last night. We always seem to have a lot to talk about...especially when it comes to God.
I'm obsessed with YouMeAtSix and Go Radio at the moment<3
Relay For Life at MRHS! Everyone should come support ! :)
you already know!
RT : "Bury demonstrates considerable writing skills, masterfully weaving a story." 5* #review for The Bones of the Earth...
Thank God for that...
Only two weeks until #CUAEF! What are your views on how #Africa can reclaim itself & change the rules of engagement?
": don't hate because she's beautiful" define beautiful. -______-
Not sleeping SUCKS! That is all.
#ilovemymombecause she's the one person that has always been there for me when no one else was. <3
very very welcome
Walter Energy Announces First Quarter 2012 Results - MarketWatch (press release)
u guys comin out for poker nite?
Wouldn't be here today if it wasn't for my mama, love you.
Congrats , , , rest of team. Great work that has received well-deserved recognition.
...and slake your thirst with free beer courtesy of Clipper City Brewing! It all begins at 6:00 p.m. tonight, at the CityLit Stage at BBF!
Kant run game on someone that know game:) ™®…
Super Shout Out to !!!!!
True for me! RT : In my experience - many Health Activists started blogging because they just really love to write. T/F?
Fact-checking request: can anyone confirm for me that Robert Swift was the first Juggalo to play in the NBA?
working on an embroidered blanket project. Keeping warm this winter.
#whosgonnalose - Baltimore at Oakland - Oakland will lose
OMG!! Good morning <3
Only a couple of pages into Daniel Everett's new book Language: The Cultural Tool and I'm already loving it.
yay! Can't wait to see you!
yeah cause you light skinned.
thanks for your concern. I'm going to be ok. :)
thx for the mention
not good. Kristen came then left so everytime she was up it was a out & I did terrible pitching as always
Guessing this is going to make my drive to St. Paul a real treat. RT MN stats for 5am-2pm: Metro: 219 crashes
Is one of them ?
I'm well thanks. I took a little time off to recharge the battery. How are you?
We will be closed this weekend, but open next week, M-Th, 8:30am-4:30pm.
I can't stop watching worlds dumbest!!! And it fills up my dvr
Excited for you to come play in Portland, Maine, and EXPLODE HEADS. See you soon, amiga.
An alumna came to us with idea to sell her wine to raise $ for UVa. We should have been more clear on the back story! Thx.
Assembly is in recess for a meeting of the Rules Committee
That's the worse (responding to my last retweet)
Aww thanks :)....yeah, I have a taste for them too. Need to put in an order. ;) LOL
: Oscar bday in like two weeks bro fuuuuuu
What?! AWESOME!
Eating while watching movie with the girlfriend .
Never let success go to yer head or failure go to yer heart! Happy Tuesday ya'll! xoxo
RT I gave my plant Fiji water this morning and now it does yoga and judges me.
" If you ain't first...your last."
Have a great weekend as well!
because i honestly dont care what people think or have to say about mee.. (:
Are you a fan of Mexican food? We have wine if it makes it more enticing? And delicious desserts :)
Wear lots of blue so you don't have to worry about playing favorites!
Haven't yet, but I know the drill pretty well. Happy to advise if you want to send me more details.
Bus. Assoc. final in the morning and I feel I haven't learned anything this semester!
Great run of "Rock in Her Pocket" thanks to and everyone who was able to come out to the show!
hey are u a true belieber ?
Austins face when his mad >>>
7:30...gym time. Got to get it tight for summer.
My cute girlfriend didn't come to Mid-Ohio Comicon with me this year
alrighty will do. Yes i am are you?
that works. i think a feast can be defined by the amount of food present, regardless of the number of guests. :)
You already know i had to tell my Twitter Family about this scam so be very careful with the networking please!
Note To Self: Do not keep the tv on HBO after you've gone to sleep. You will wake up to a documentary on sex toys... -.-
made steak tacos and thought about you
Boy or girl? Lucy's great. We're in California :)
|+~-!- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
MT : hmm well maybe 2 years to write up if shorter dis. I think 5 doable so long as everything goes 2 plan. My 8=absurd
lol calm her down, you need to tell her I watched a movie last night...the other guys..its from that
As a cat lover, I can tell you it's 192% true.
Like Please Stop Being So Perfect Right Now .....But There's Nothing You Can Do About It But Keep On Listening To It
our #sdcc giveaways just arrived in SD! see you at booth 4134 bright and early
Finally connected my facebook to my twitter! Hello 2009!
Dear Easter Bunny...Don't get cheap on me...
Posh Properties thinks , , , and are great for #Austin #Realty and #Follow #Friday!
FREEZE WARNING: TUESDAY 3AM -9 AM: Monmouth, Ocean, Hunterdon, Middlesex, and Somerset. Hard freeze EVERYWHERE tonight.
are your ears burning? and I are talking about you.
Because I can say something about helmets & it gets 20x amount of attention than trying to talk about other safe-riding behavior
Wonder what percentage of American players got a full night of sleep. I was out for 4.5 hours, opened my eyes, and was completely awake.
“: Zombies: people who are eating with you and checking their mobiles all the time”
Was god wit it everybody
great how was urs?
thank YOU for the great articles!
I'm sorry i screwed up. Sorry i'm not perfect.
Can we please have game night?
Tree of life....hm...might have worked for me without all the metaphysical stuff...
please no more whiners in Madison, I need a break from all these freaks.
My are starting to burn again...like for real
can it involve vampires?
Are you saying salad is bad? :-O
#Preach!!! I just gave up 2mins ago
you can just tweet me the post that you posted about the site! Good luck! :)
So much stuff on my mind
People legitimately drive me crazy...
Thx Dennis! Glad you're finding that good info. How've you been today?
I absolutely love this weather!
#QuestionsiHateBiengAsked Are you a virgin?"
Who would you take? #rg3 or #luck? Going to be a fun rivalry
Having a insightful early morning chat about accidental #entrepreneurs. How did you stumble upon your biz/ #nonprofit?
-happy Friday enjoy
I do to
TY for helping to spread the word!
make sure you get approval from beastmode for the SKITTLES.
Even when things get tough... I just keep getting confirmation that I'm on the right path. Had to say that!
Such a great day! The Avengers in 3D is pretty good y'all!
never had frozen Lima beans before. Have you??
Such a damn shame we haven't deprogrammed ourselves from valuing skin tones that are closest to our oppressors.
So proud of right now I could cry. So happy right now I could cry. I.love.nashville.
an accursed child gave me a cold when I was in London. On the bright side, my germs should be pretty high class.
We have a new server ready - vpn-bn3 OpenVPN (SSL) server in Toronto, Canada. It's available in your customer area now.
Going to sleep at 9 p.m. is the greatest!
See you at noon-ish.
- Hey! Know any freelance SM experts who could help a Dallas based small business? cc:
Also, coming a little late, but just realized I have yet to say it: KENTUCKY BABY!!! BOOM!
Bye bye old blackberry, I will miss you.
RT : To anyone who says Obama was either too late or too early today: There is NEVER a wrong time to do the right thing.
Listening in on #DLDay This TV guy has a great voice!
can you DM your email address. Want to send you an email.
I think this article confuses shyness and introversion to some extent. I do agree with a lot of what it says though.
Dragon Age 2? I'm still recovering from the previous one where you find out that there's a tutorial in the last hour of gameplay. love/hate
yo man! sorry just getting this! email me!
Our first deal will be launched later this week. What are your guesses as to where it will be? Hint: It correlates with this month's
Tonight's Special: Fried Chicken Sandwich Topped with Southwest Slaw and Choice of Side!!!
FREE MY BRO GALARDOW KAS ! NYC STAND UP MILLBROOKE PROJECTS SALUTE . HOLD UR HEAD BRO .
Thanks man! Appreciate thatRT listened to ur track suggestion at bandcamp, dope track. greets from vienna
Made it to Bangkok last night and then Chiang Mai today. Tomorrow Nathan and I go to one of the homes and meet and play with the kids!
Real talk if I was an A&R I'd sign real talent like
I'm so glad I only have half a day today
Squirrels are a no, but I do speak cat. I can converse with the cat with rabies latter if it has time.
Le Bernadin for lunch? Yup. Suggestions?
“: Do you know what is 10% ABV, comes in a cool glass & tastes great going down the hatch?" #HOPSLAM! Can we keep the glass?
The celtics are screwed": This season, the Celtics averaged 11 fewer points per 48 minutes when Rajon Rondo was on the bench"
Never thought I'd have such a theological discussion in stats class
also, we love cats too!
good afternoon to you Simon! :)
I am in love...
What's ur number ?? I need to text u details for tonight
Re-reading Gatsby while wearing my tennis whites. (Half of this is true).
looool...you just did :p
So excited about the event today. Can't wait!
Wow. Thank you! And the pleasure is mine.
They just announced someone getting a "Minor in Awesome" at this graduation ceremony.
Thanks for following!!
I have to make this! 3 cheeses & prosciutto IM IN!!! That's got me written all over it! Can't wait to try!
guys seem to do that
5 Reasons QR Code Marketing Is Broken (and How to Fix It)
": RT : RT : "If you want to fly, you have to give up the things that weigh you down""
Many thanks for following me!
Unlike W, we now have a president who doesn't think that LBGT is not a BLT.
Random thought, but we're floating around in the universe right now.
Beanie Man is the man... For real.
Connected with a hive of foodies
yeah!! Cool and plz check your inbox
“: it ain't yo birthday, stop bullshittin. And if you ain't done then call the nigga back! Shit” <<COSIGNED.
No and I ride RTD all the time. Mostly drunks and homeless people. Sad, I know.
i played high school football with him, term about sums him up along with a**hole!
Amen baby. Hope the jury sentences HIM properly.
Add me on oovoo
it's not especially well written, but it's damn fun to read. I couldn't stop turning the pages. *shrug* it's a book!
1000's of workers drive their family car with their tools to work each day.
I've noticed an interesting trend in bands releasing multiple records in the quickest amount of time possible.
Hey, thanks for mentioning me. Can I ask about the hashtags? Courses or organizations? My tweeting is rusty these days.
Good Luck!!! I still have to root for the NFC, Go Giants...I think, lol.
do you ever work? I need your job.
and that is exactely how you spell exactely!
New 5 hour conference room package available for just $200/mo in beautiful Manhattan #wallstreet #virtualoffice with #DavinciVirtual!
Np....Reza- She's so fly
Thank you all for the early morning Birthday greets!!!😊😍👍🎉👏🎈🎂
how are you ?
hm i doubt you'll get a chance to read my tweet :/ but YOUR AWSOME!!.OH and CUTE :p
YOU'RE DA HOE. Loll, I'm tryin my best<3 I filmed some videos that completely failed so imma try to film something tmrw! :D
Have fun. Go Celts. I'll be working the Blazers vs. Suns game tonight.
Oh no, I think the albino is drunk.
Haha I know right RT : confused
Doh! Thought we did. At a twitter limit now. Have to wait. Please email Kelsye at writer.ly
where you been at homie? was just around your hood
Hey - get over it
haha you said vibrations :P Thanks roommie! :)
Love the people who treat you right... pray for the ones who don't!
Ugh...cannot shake this ear infection and no time for doc!!
was it worth imax? did you watch in 3d? lincoln center?
oh sweet what part?
what did I win?
RT Branding, Graphics, Social Media services, Consulting and Training. "The Perfect Mix!"
will check it out
60 odd degrees today and I burn like an albino.
it belongs in a museum! Also why'd it have to be snakes?
Dude said, "Cavaliers suck, go to the D-League." Lol.
Crap! RT If you haven't AT LEAST taken over a planet or built one giant doomsday device, you've KIND OF been wasting your week.
"The most seductive thing about art is the personality of the artist himself" ~Paul Cezanne
Ladies, read my last post! if your boyfriend has been doing that! Thank me later ;)
RT : "Fake is as old as the Eden tree." Orson Welles
Good morning AZ !!
Throat A Lil Scratchy, buhh I still get Bitches!
He is at 1417 which puts him near the top. The lack of carries his first 4 years contributed to that.
..find that funny and strangely appropriate. But what do I know. I'm at the plastic surgeon--NOT for a boob job.
15 pages of notes from my Kindle. I'm sure I'll have a nice outline by the end of the day.
Hey Eminent, I may be interested! is there a contact email? (Cc )
If i spend time with.....this summer >>>
Please go watch a haunting of a house, by babyblueeyes813 on youtube it would mean a lot <3 and tell your friends about it! Thank youu. (:
definition of Mailing it in.
''I won't except failure, unless it's mechanical''
okay, that makes sense. I just read an article saying that too. I bet people still think he free tho lol
have a great weekend!
Been packin and cleanin for goin on three hours now....
Evangelicals already think that Mormonism is a cult. Reminding people that Mormons were polygamists is a bad move.
Does any Political Journalists/Bloggers or News Junkies want to chat about the Latest Stories Online?
I love you teddybear.(:
Damn it Daniel! This needed retweeted
There are so many fashion bloggers nowadays
Facebook’s Mobile App Has A Big Holiday Week On iPhones, Bigger On Android
Smashing reproductions, imitations, and fakes whenever I can...your welcome, kids.
Ok, finally got my environment un-crapped and can start work on my Ajax project. And, gee, it's only 5:15 PM >.<
my love <3
is giving away free tickets to the concert on May 3rd with FREE #OPENBAR. I've got my last pair coming up at 10:30!
someone should so a remix on 's Boyfriend and 's Boyfriend :D i wonder how it would turn on out
thank you for the kind thoughts! I survived Monday :)
Rain, rain, rain, rain. What's that? More rain? Great!
so, I forgot to ask you how about them Heats and the Pacers yesterday? *coughs*
Meet me somewhere RT : South Side Bound
haha you damn right !
3 shoots this weekend.Dinner Party& a movie night w/ the girls.. How will i have time to breathe?!?
FINALLY DONE W/THE 6th GIG THIS WEEKEND, TIME 4 SUM SIZZLER BABY
no thanks!
Axelrod: Obama focused on achieving his long term goals not winning capricious style points.
Weird night tonight that's for sure...
Thanks for sharing the video. Makes me want to hit the slopes so bad. Stuck in Philly with no snow:( Good luck this season.
Editing, editing, editing...
Hanging out with some company at work, bout to have some fun, enough of this boredem
#HeatSuck RT Damn D.Howard 25 points and 24 rebounds?!! He killed my Heat tonight!!!
RT : To kiss and tell, its just not my style. -Keith Urban
night owl syndrome -- haven't been able to shake my New York hours...
Good price! I'm looking at $228 from PDX to Anaheim for ALA in June. And welcome to our state!
Wed morning S/O 2 new followers:
I left the dishes and laundry for you!
Really enjoyed our recent class trip at one of the best historic house trips I've ever been on! Highly recommended!
Don't do something permanently stupid just because you're temporarily upset.
#walkingdead wasn't too strong. Definitely a setup episode.
Tonight just got mad dope! Bong
Happy Mother's Day! Take it easy and enjoy a day of relaxing.
I keep gaining british followers 😳 I'm not complaining though 😏
LIKE THIS: "Love is like a FART, if you have to force it, then it's probably some SHⓘT" 💩 lol ★Da Public's Eye★
um, you know we're not supposed to play football
Successfully taught my best friend how to play a sweet bass guitar. Girl band is official. Expect music soon. Tomorrow.
Congrats on being a Bengal
man, I need stuff to come in the mail.
I always thought you and would make a cute couple. what do you think? LOL
That's so true!
We're live right now on ZenLive.tv - #OWS #occupywallstreet Time to rage.
I am so there! Can't wait to see you guys! What time do you go on?
Lucas, maybe driving isn't as easy as you thought
I agree. Imagine being in a group of 13... Lol
my nap took longer than I thought it would be
“: A person's character is how they treat those who can do nothing for them.” A-to-the-men Shauna.
Just put on The Notebook because it was on and I didn't have anything else to watch. And I'm too lazy to go to sleep.
Having a great day!
So far, i'm 7 songs into my next album.. Dope :)
the border guards thought young lions was "child pornography"
I call dibs on at least one if you get multiples ;)
I really feel like a dumbass f*** with her
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason
"Fox News Accuses Obama Of Declaring 'War On Marriage'" #huffpost Actually, he's embracing marriage in all forms!
hahaha! A lot of people make that mistake. Lol! I live in Washington STATE not Washington, DC! Haha! xD
3) Track what you eat and hold yourself accountable! It’s fine to eat an occasional treat, but be aware of it when you do.
I cant wait !!!
Im just lookin for someone to tell me something Ive never heard before
sounds good! I can't wait to see it! Are we there yet?
Anybody feel like comin to roll up 4 me. I really don't feel like it....Please....I said please
quotes from #libraryschool "i picked these books up dumpster diving at the planetarium"
Senior Day!
Jonah Hill in the Sitter is Hilarious !
Oh boy, I think I'm getting strep... Fuck.
i really wanna go to 's bday party
Yes! In fact, our Notebooks are only sold at in the US. :)
the HEAT are going HAM on the MAVS!
I simply could not invent more beautiful weather. It's absolute perfection outside. *sigh*
Does anyone know how to play Parallels by on guitar? I want to do an acoustic coverr, but i dont know how to play it :c
Bishop Liston Paige rocked the house tonight
Your bottom line starts with your front line. -John Villere
UPS just left with a box of goodies to send to for their trunk show this weekend!
Thanks for the follow. I've donated, so glad to help you do what you do!
happy birthday! :)
RT : not canceled. it just had to cancel production of two episodes this week. we don't know why.
"well your highness what a clever smell you've discovered!"
Want it to warm up#summerplease. Seriously
Oh god. Im doing it again. Im falling into this never ending pit of your love. I dont want this.
What better way to end up a crazy day at the hospital & impromptu surgery? TORNADO WARNINGS, of course!
And autocorrect has ensured that the SOAP protest is the cleanest protest ever.
Cheer has been getting better (:
Ever heard of suicide? You should try it.
master-baker
Strangely enough, though, Amazon's greatest strengths also create its greatest weaknesses on a human level.
We're glad you loved them!
Something puppies get that makes them have diarea and throwing up & kills them within 3 days
Presented today for #studentaffairs re: supporting transgender students. Audience reception was mixed. But, every little bit counts.
The #redsox sign Mark Prior! Can't believe he's actually still only 31! He's always hurt then again 6 years is probably enough time to heal
RT : FLASH: Microsoft is close to a deal to buy Skype for more than $7 billion - report
Sounds awesome right?
I am putting on an outdoor show today at at 5pm. Loving this weather!
I'll bet fat people thought their tattoos would look cooler.
Lunch at UN Plaza tomorrow with , 11-2pm, 7th/Market
S/o because
isn't there a curse or something about getting your pic on SI before the tournament? Lol
I hope you'll keep it up! So many little, meaningful, precious memories - best things in life - I thought I'd never forget.
Iona? Iona!?! - Oh wait, I couldn't care less.
will have an official site up the end of this month and will be signing bands in February like stated previously
o lol XD well I hope you get better
Send a DM if you want to join our mailing list. No spam... Just GOOD music
Wanna get out and do some good? Volunteer for a clean-up this Sat. 9/10 at Farring-Baybrook Park. More info: Rob Catlin
Sweet! Congrats!
The Verve - Bittersweet Symphony <3
Hello Monday!
Tonight! Come cheer on our amazing #HydeStyle!! Playoffs baby!! For more info email me at for tickets or table reserv
How would you finish this sentence...I am ??
Bye bye spring semester 2012. You left me withered, but I survived!
Sex? Sex is like Air, it's only important if your not getting any!
OCTOBER 27 , SFR IS HAVING OUR FIRST HALLOWEEN DANCE. come to the 9th floor of 73 decked in costume :) Tweet us with any questions!
That's hilarious! I grew up in that shadow, and yeah... it's full of hyenas.
i talked to my cuzo freddie yesterday who it playing ball in asia, i miss him. its been so long since ive seen or heard from him
Yum... Enjoying cupcakes at , where do you get your sweet tooth fix?
On the train to Cambridge for client mtg, then joining live audience for Hubspot TV webcast. MBTA wifi spotty, glad I have 3G.
May the Fourth be with you..
First Collab tonight at 7. First project is to help tilted torch with costumes for Illuminopolis burlesque show.
Wow, I got to sleep in till almost 10 today! Morning Freaks!!
I am so thankful Michael Baisden, and George are squeaky wheels... God bless you and yours.
I just learned the word "MacGuffin" and I'm really happy about it. For instance, the #Avengers has a glowing MacGuffin
OMG you should be like "Yo,Son HBD? *weird noise he makes*
If you really want to do something, you’ll find a way. If you don’t, you’ll find an excuse.— JIM ROHN
sounds painful as fuck!": I still want my nipples done im just scared!"
Behind the neighborhood right? :P well I'm asking because another car honked too.
Yes! I thought I saw you at Anchor truck tonight, but I don't know if we've ever met in person. But you looked familiar!
Thiry "de writes think of them selves of citizens not residents"
This. RT : “: Carrying a blackberry is the new AOL email address.”
nice to meet you at the today >;o)
"When people understand this is a business and the success of this business depends on them, they will strive to make it successful!"...
never know when u might have to run a 5 on 5 full court...its actually genius
#ESPN totally dissed the Rickie Fowler highlight. Was supposed to be after commercial. Never showed it.
Thunder in 5.
Of course I can remember you!! And I can understand. Did you get to study about computers?
lol well its all politics my brother and them already knew they would win before hand last year,same wit my homies from Quest etc
What a super bowl...and the football was good too!!! And the post game treats!
Dancing while on the treadmill is a bad idea.
playing Golf at Rock Creek in Mobile listening to the King release party.
A Pimp Named Slick Back..... STL2SAT
Up...Off day Tomorrow..... Solo Dolo.... Coolin =)
There's absolutely no way Boise St. is the 5th best team in the country. None.
Totally. Apparently, we were enemies because he had a crush on me. It started young.
You son of a... RT : I think people from the south talk in Comic Sans
did those stupid botched give your turtle back yet
That short answering shit while texting #missmewiththat If you don't wanna talk thats all you have to say
Library, finals, and Christmas music all day... awesome
Also this Fri we will be screening 'The PHD Movie!' We have received calls & emails from people driving in from ID, WA & CA.
After all of that & the Chiefs dominating the 1st half... We're officially in the lead!! Gotta score touchdowns to beat us, not field goals.
RT iPhone, iPad, iPod, iTouch, I spend. ~ Dave Bullock
Love is a battlefield!
aw. thank you so much! <3
TGIF! Get happy! Today's special is Chicken Salad Sandwiches!
You needa teach us some pointers! :)
we still have availability, call 374_8480. We r offering same menu up and down, creative new features. Thanks. Roots
not feeling great #allergies walked by a flower shop this morning and almost knocked over their plants outside from sneezing.
Mfs b lying stupid hard
Hornet's nest: Kicked. Conservative Dad emails list of cos that support Planned Parenthood. I respond: Thanks! Now I know who to patronize!
Actual P1 questions on Twitter probably need a "this is not a bit" disclaimer...though you'll get joned on either way.
#hair how dare they try to end this beauty. Amen!
Yeah but companies that use "creative" accounting practices to avoid paying any taxes...
Agree!!! 50 miles in this weather was great, Bob! RT : it is 40 and rainy!!!! Nice work!
My pleasure - U R very welcome, sir! :)
RT Internet is primary planning to for wisconsin travelers. I think internet has caught on.
Going to the gymm! (:
" #AstrologyFacts In romance, #Geminis are idealists, often unable to see the bad points of someone with whom they are dating."
RT "Feeling sorry for yourself, and your present condition, is not only a waste of energy but a bad habit"
I just made the best Spanish rice EVER!!!
well lets go somewhere else then...
Seriously.... 90+ degrees tomorrow in DC - say it ain't so. Summer is going to suck.
Correction: find out what I think should happen to Texas Judge who whipped his daughter tonight on the Insider.
Our regular tuesday meeting, PHIL414b, 8pm. NOW WITH PIZZA.
lol well your driving
I thank you for responding. Email . Would like to hear more about you and your story
For those that use twicca: is there a twitlonger choice for this app so I don't have to limit my characters?
happy humpity hump day!
Dear boys please don't wear your eyeliner darker than me its just awkward
That's winning!
My mother always warned me not to give a *kinehurah* but I'm risking it today. I am so blessed.
Congrats !! Happy graduation!'
Can u please follow us!! It's me :D lol
+1 RT: As for Mizzou: That is the history of the basketball program boiled down to one 40-minute microcosm.
The only way of catching a train I ever discovered is to miss the train before. ~G.K. Chesterton
got it pierced! :D
More Nash: "I just feel like a very lucky guy."
Thanks! Well appreciated.
We made it!!
*GASP* I'm taking a day off today! #6monthswithoutabreak!
Some people change when they see the light, others when they feel the heat. ~ Caroline Schroeder
boom i like the way you think
Babe u've taken my heart & I'm the luckiest guy to be with u,I truly love u & mean it everytime I say it to u mamas :)
meh... but it's probably the closest I'm going to get! Damn you internet!
Sick shot, Taylor!
I should have made clear that I was being ironic.
#AlbuquerqueMortgageLoans - Indigo Mortgage, Albuquerque's Premier Mortgage Loan Provider is now on Twitter.
#nowplaying "Time & Confusion" - ; amazing song!!!
"well we jus him see" in my Tupac voice.
Man what a long ass workout! Feeling the burn baby! 💪
We still getting excited about drops from MBDTF :-(
Just passed Fowler VW and I spy a mural being painted. What's it going to be ?
People with #socialphobia 's fear and avoid situations in which they may be subject to the scrutiny of others.
I also have interviews with Jimmy Robbins, Hot Chelle Rae, and possibly The Script coming in the next few months! Questions needed!
Why should i care, when you never did?
Dallas Wins Championship! Dirk & Terry shine! Thug Wade McDirty & LeBum McTarded get their comuppance!
do you have a generator so you can keep pouring those shots if the power goes out?
cant #BELIEVE its been 5 years! #NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!! #AMAZING! 7
LOVE Peter Berman. My fav actor on Y&R
#free tebow. Tim just think of this as a way to inspire more kids in a different town. Your work in denver will not be forgotten
not seeing back to the future is almost as weird as never having eaten mustard cc:
The feeling you give me>>
Stan maybe I can use your blog site as a reference
Happy Valentine's Day!!! :)
“: I don't get why pretty boys have verified twitter accounts.”
#IfWomenDidNotExist Adam would still be hanging out in Garden of Eden:)
My coffee table is abusive....
Outstanding Female Actor in a TV movie or Miniseries... KATE WINSLET for 'Mildred Pierce"! WIN!
I still feel like death. Lol
retweeted me :))))) DYING
yes, I seem to be unable to connect as well.
is that the only reason you dislike? Why not create a folder in Skydrive & drop the files in bulk? (Time-consuming, I know)
Let's go #Kansas. Rock Chalk Comeback.
Time to go to and get my comic on.
Boomers who were unemployed as our recent grads are now, opened their own businesses. Look for this to happen again! Start-up businesses!
Low of 58 on Sunday and Monday night. It's about time we get some proper shorts & t-shirt weather.
Final Q: Is #4profit enrollment affected by student tech preferences? How does tech affect recruitment/retention?
This could be easily done.
lupe fiasco is #thatonepersonwho makes me have hope in hiphop music
How dare you settle for less when the world makes it so easy to be remarkable. - Seth Godin
Learned about Mindfire in my senior seminar today, & Abbey mentioned your name. I have to say, really neat concept.
Funny to think Mom is on drugs right now. Wish I could say that more often. Post surgery drugs are the best
I am tired! But today was good! Goodnight twitter :)
Hello! We are just a team of Etsy sellers, we don't work for Etsy itself. Good luck applying for the internship though!
Practiced w/ auxiliary percussionist Jeff McSpadden last night for our show @ The Bunganut Pig in Murfreesboro, TN on 8/18/11. Cool stuff!!!
Law and order is some scary shit. Like doesnt it help criminals get ideas?!
On the 950;Morgan Freeman yesterday Kevin Eubanks 2day- may need a couch in 3A but Ken would leave crumbs
Bowen XC can serve as platform to translate MARC to RDA and linked data, in bulk
The movie "Selena" >>>> how much we miss her! 
AM clouds & a few showers then partly sunny…high 47
People make mistakes.
The 2010-2011 season at The Hillman Center for Performing Arts begins August 21 with “Let the Good Times Roll”: A Ray Charles Tribute....
see there is a different her kids didn"t until there granny came and got them
Anyone wanna be a hero tonight?
Likewise! Twitter tone is tricky with these talks, but grassroots political dialogue is ESSENTIAL for mass change.
Look out for new items on the site in the AM !
Dude! You totally should have brought me along as your translator.
Last day to buy your SCAN Awards tickets at a discount. Price goes up tomorrow. Info and you can also buy at www.scantv.org.
I bet you that's not a snapback though
I followed u back.(:
Lucky Lucky, I'll b makin the trip there in 3 weeks ~!
Full moon tonight. About to get my howl on.
What are your New Year Resolutions? Share them with us!
The syllable structure of Russian can be quite complex, as there can be initial and final consonant clusters of up to 4 consecutive sounds.
Those whose minds are shaped by selfless thoughts give joy when they speak or act. Joy follows them like a shadow that never leaves them.
Get outta town buddy. Rookies dont win cups RT : What a game by Holtby, 44 saves - GO CAPS
Congrats big hurt. Made it on your blocking this year. Good stuff.
That should be a good discussion! RT : Reading Lolita in Tehran ... leading my book club's discussion tomorrow.
I'm lucky a lot of my family didn't get involved with facebook. We still do things like send letters and cards! whaaaaa?
Design can telegraph what type of story you are trying to tell. What is your design saying about your story?
The day is draging. Should have smoked. But I'm committed to quiting
Just found out my play with Philip Baker Hall is extended until sun 6/19! Woo hoo! It's Fri/Sat 8p, & Sun at 3p! www.NewAmericanTheatre.com
no problem!<3
Congrats on your #ypweek award. Keep up the great work!
agreed on all counts. none of this makes sense except maybe 30 Rock.
Never meet your heros...if you do..don't engage with them
Catching up on the (mis)adventures of Harry Hole in Jo Nesbø's THE DEVIL'S STAR.
Overall, a lackluster go-home show for Over the Limit. Nothing memorable whatsoever. The PPV should still be somewhat good, though.
Rage lose 32-18 to the Racine Gladiators to fall to 5-2.Back to work on Tuesday as we are back home vs the playoff ready Jefferson Scorpions
I got a Lifetime contract w NO paperwork.
Tiger shoots 74 (+2) at The Players Championship, 9 strokes behind leaders. Clearly he doesn't have things figured out yet.
Seeing Hunger Games at Arclight with Claire!
Have to say I agree w/ what Peggy has to say.
enjoying the luxury of a clean house, thanks to Christina
He did all the work! Thanks a lot.
Getting a sneak peek at the new show Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood, coming to PBS soon. Can't wait to show !
see what u did!! Lol
i told you what to do ! you slackinn ' make it happen !
Beautiful video! Can't wait to hear what the little Love is....pink or blue! ;)
Patt Morrisson: lost opportunity of 9/12. Didn't ask for sacrifice, didn't capitalize on the unity we had.
can't wait to show you my scar!
. Kids assignments R locked behind a password; homework on computers, how can/do parents monitor what's going on?
With my Mom ... She's always "Trying" to predict what's about to happen in the game.
of what 2014?
I'm sad && bored.. My bestfriend done left me at work.. Smdh lol
Has pretty eyes at #Mathematica again...Oh, man...stuff what so much easier in your expensive software environment...
Overheard at lunch: "When did higher education become an entitlement?" Very interesting question.
I thought you saved the trash-talk for the postseason..
Everyone knows that MVP's in basketball are popularity contest. But I think it was rightly earned by Lebron this year.
what a hawt team! Congrats on not dying!
Happy Thanksgiving to Everyone!
We have a paralegal project to staff! Starts Wednesday. Please email me at if interested. BK email is down!
haha I know and I love it but that's not good enough...it's been too long
Congratulations Chris Van Patten! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
RT didn't even come hoop wit us smh ..work
This is going to be such a busy week. A lot of work, #CILDC conference (I'm presenting!) AND DC Enviro Film Festival, +packing for a move.
Great day today at our KMart location in Greenwood...Stayed and served our last Customers at around 10pm...See you all next week..
Go Bills!
#10 hype?! Her wrecks this weekend seemed unavoidable. Yours always seemed self-inflicted!
small girls w/big friends
why do everybody think they got haters?? people ain't thinking of you that much lol.
Can't wait to have a family of my own.
I see you homie!! You coming by tomorrow night?? To know I got you
maybe get to wear my cowboy boots to that and ride a bull yayy fun wedding
I can smell a championship .......
wyd bro ham
Bruh, you got me excited for nothing. It's over.
Taste and see that the LORD is good; blessed is the man who takes refuge in him. Psalm 34:8
Guys talk about sex, girls talk about how much guys talk about sex...I have sex
great conference! Super stimulating, thanks for all your organizational prowess!
Well good thing. I aim to be pleased, educated, entertained, and bragged to.
