I'm unreasonably pissed that my phone is not here today, Why does it take 48 hours to update an apartment number?! Thanks Fedex.
The only way not to think about money is to have a great deal of it.
Followers count has been crazy for months. Obviously not working. My emails can attest to that.
Babe , ima be there :*
At the movie with The couple near us is seriously getting it on. Other family brought blankets. Who are these ppl
McDonald's is introducing the McDonald's Channel, an in-store network featuring local news & entertainment
no worries, i got love for real talent and hard working ppl like
Hahaha "Lana Del Rey stole Madonna’s iconic American flag"
Gonna spend my afternoon learning how to balance my new blackbird steadicam system.
I love my boyfriend, more than anything. No matter what the situation is. 
Totally missed the Smokey and the Bandit joke.
Final battle pairing for is finally on "something pure, perfect and amazing about your voice" from
How you can tell if someone is not a golfer from your golf staff's view. Send me your funny stories, I have tons
u already destroy me at life
Sadly, I don't think I will beat at Scramble With Friends ever again.
Victor Cruz - great job on ESPN this morning! Keep doing work!
Superintendent Ray just gave a shout out to Tony Evans over at Oak Cliff Bible Fellowship. Followed him for years on the radio!
followed,follow back <3
Whoa oh oh God be the solution.
so bosh ain't really a factor and d wade played a lil he just got hurt
No sense in firing him now, is there? Play the season play out. Bring in Dean Cooper, have him hire a coach.
#tcamp12 #opengov panel, reminder: there exist 13 members of Congress who can direct laggard fed. bureaucrats to #FreeTHOMAS &
Made it into print with the Washington Post--check out the #UVAHungerStrike on page D2
Does you know which ones??
Museum folks - Recently introed Colburn amendment (no. 175) to stimulus will deny any funds to museums, aquaria, zoos. Call your senator!
Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours! :)
going to have to knit me a very thick blindfold & provide solid earplugs if I am to attend the Human Centipede II party
dylan cutshaw. But im not worried. The ER filed a police report on that
probably just "less correct"
I dazzled him with fast talking and foot work...he never knew what hit em.
I was given shoutout to that she's gorgeous and beautiful. You are very beautiful :) You're Legendary :)
Hey #ForestPark! 's grand opening is tomorrow from 6-9! Stop by for champagne, lite bites and 15% off!
The Trailer is Ready to GO! We will be @ Czarnowski on the corner of Sunset & Dean Martin this Wed, Thurs & Friday! Come out & See us!!!
Checkout AAM Benchmarking Online
Gettin nails and toes done with the ladies!
Ladies, a man wants a woman to be fearless sexually.
Dream Lover- Dion
Beautiful morning to be living in Nashville,TN...Seize the day
#thanks for following
yo ur beats are ill man hit me back bro
*tear*tear ... I want what Martin and Gina have.
haahaha, how do you forget your password?
i'm curious too. Also wondering how they'll be supported on a large scale.
A batch of brownies and #BreakingBad....a pretty good combination for a Friday night!
!! Indeed I am. That irony was lost on me until just now.
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Barney's Beanery - Sports Bar (live updates)
I bumped into so many friends today. Love those days much better than the days where you bump into all the exes. Grr!
Omg if he said yes! *dead*
i wish. how about you ask
HAHAHAH. Yes! Seriously?! lolol. I always HEAR them say her name on E! but never noticed it spelled. LMAO!
welcome to Madtown
are you following ? If not, thought I should make the connection... hope all is well!
checking out some fletcher henderson - gotta know the history!
SHOUT OUT TO HER EVERY BODY FOLLOW HER SHE FOLLOWS BACK ND SHE ALSO GIVES SHOUTOUTS OH ND FOLLOW ME BACK ND TELL PEPO ABOUT ME
:( yoi have a great life
network book design is, or should be, 'wedded' to content & themes of text--hypercompartmentalization might not fit in every case
Good morning, everyone!
If you only had 1 #exercise that you could do for the rest of your life, what would it be?
RT : Q3) I actually try to do this alot; matching seemingly unrelated ideas is a great learning opportunity.
Wouldnt have minded using Axford in tie game here instead of Loe
i made a new one!<3
For this romantic..it is a sad day. I wish Heidi Klum and Seal all the best as they part ways.
We will figure out this Twitter thing, dang it!
Why are the Giants pitchers walking everyone?!
they want the dick!
I wouldn't know if my dad was dead or not .. I haven't spoken to him in 2 weeks
Just got engaged? I'm your future wedding photographer! 2011 weddings are booking!
Between , , and , every second of my free time has been claimed.
worked out to mans world tonight. You killed that song I love it.
Well son of a biscuit! Reds take the lead in the 9th on a rbi hit by Stubbs.
So...I'm kind of disappointed with Hunger Games. It captured the emotion of the book, but visually it just wasn't quite right.
Why the hell am I anxious now? LBJ's not considering my team AND I don't really care for him all that much. Damn!
When My Fb Frewds Take Nasty Pic Ion Comment On Dey Shty Nd Say Nothing Cause Ion Care Really Cause Itd Aiint My Body
- My favorite team / team I associate most with is the Mavericks. They did worse haha.
RT when uv gat cash and music skills everyone wants to say something but we don't talk we Rap until dem near our...
good to see you getting air time on the young turks. Big ups to you always!
dig your tweets. No return follow?
Why is that conservatives are against government big spending yet they don't want to do nothing against big corporations waists like bonuses
He is asking people to better support education. Our country is ranked 26th in the world for education.
Follow me? please. Been trying since ....I cant even remember! thats how long its been!!!!!!!! ://
Now seems like a good time to look back upon the past year and think about all the opportunities I missed.
self esteem
i did cuz I DM me
lost count. I know Starkey and Rossi are two Pittsburgh media members that do
A biz should want to know what customers are saying. If products/services are good, comments will likely be positive
gerry duperroy facebook me
you're sick my man!
welcome to Portland!
Up at 4:45am to watch this - come on you Gunners! Make me glad I was crazy enough to voluntarily cut short a nice slumber...
you're beautiful, it's society that's fucked up. <3
Dedication: MATTHEW MONROE HAERNJOHN--my best friend. I love you, I miss you forever. Please watch over me-- Love, Jo
Me, please?
a little something said to me once...
NEW VIDEO COMIN REAL SOON B ON THE LOOK OUT YALL" GET AMONGS IT" THE NEW QUEEN DIVA
Got alot to do today!
Having nothing to do<<
wow, why are you there?
This Bitch think I'm Finna stay on hold for her ? Hell Naw
YES!! NYE dinner prep. I love cooking!
14 hours in and i've already had my favorite beer to go with b-day presents! so far so good.
#SummerDonna #DonnaSummers is gone but not forgotten.
going to make my month in Spain in Aug interesting. Will they still take Euro? Mess.
Arcade Bowling requires zen concentration and a sensual relationship with your iphone.
Just downloaded the beta of Photoshop CS6 and I'm super excited to start messing around.
Should be a great event! Looking forward to it!
Also, HUGE congrats to my friends for killing it and selling out their CD release at tonight!
so Drake has always been "sponsoring" women with his money, eh? oh Drizzy...
Really enjoyed tonight's meeting! Special thanks to and the rest of the students for being so welcoming! :)
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 10
fixed mrs. bailey's computer now she obviously loves me.
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 47
My thing is if we are going to take the bible literally on gay marriage then we need to take it literally on everything else
There's only one person/thing on twitter you need to be following now
Thanks for creating this compilation of #sla2011 news!
Check out our printed edition today to learn about the Wellness Center layoffs. The online version should be available later today.
Teasing someone is fun.
shh.. . Some people don't know.
Join Kelly this Sat. between 12-4 for some delicious Dryglaze demos. Hope to see you all there!
I don't think school is a good idea anymore I need to think of myself first maybe take a year off
oh gosh missy! lol how fast was u going yo?
I had a dream last night that someone was trying to steal my dragons
I would too xD pfff... small Asian penises ㅋㅋㅋ
2011 was a bastard year. But after a nasty cold that hung around the last few days, I woke up healthy this morning. That's a good start.
It gets under my skin when UGLY females think they're so cute!! I want to be like stfu you are UGLY AF!
Beware: reading that list may make you shit your pants as you realize you are guilty of some/a lot/all of them
If you shut off the water while brushing your teeth you won't stop yourself short.
Glad ur enjoying. Lemme know if we can help RT follow you in NYC/LA so many thanx and following you back in return now! Cheers
someone's trying to keep you on the d.l.? B-BYE! She'll regret that later.
FWD: : We've been nominated in the Preditors & Editors Readers' Poll! Vote for us in the Fiction Magazine/e-zine category ...
Typography, composition and color are the most essential elements of good design, per Lisa Kurt of UNR
Me and Steven aren't cheesy at all but when it comes to Frank Ocean -Thinking About You we will sing to eachother haha!
yes indeed...thus the pin lol
I♥My Parents ♥ you dad and mom..
Ur so damn cute. Still have silly moments incidentally in front of the camera. Merry me & teach Rich not to be SUCH a nerd.
New game! Name the guy!(or girl) first round below!
What's the top feature you're looking for in volunteer software? Just the most important.
Does anyone want a christmas wish on christmas? I'll give you a shoutout then I'll send you an ecard on your email. I will only do this...
I missed the D-Back fandom somewhere. So...I shouldn't mention that I'm a Brewer fan?? :P
You know its Springtime when you start to hear motorcycles and ATVs in
The Fire pick is taking photos with the fans who traveled... No reason SKC's pick can't do the same,
That is crazy! How you been, man??? Still playing on weekends somewhere? Need another man???
Happy Mother's Day to all the great Moms out there!
Tonight on 'Breaking Out,' it's ! Make sure to tune in! 7pm local, 7pm ET online!
Dedication: ADAM IVERSON, We miss you so much!
Communication is one of the most important things in any relationship. Happy for you!
Um where is #MARSunplugged?? I no can see it!!!
Why do I get so hungry when I need to sleep the most?
I hear u are working on a new illusion? The vanishing umbrella illusion!!
Pirates didn't win tonight but I got to spend time with my family and heard some blasting in PNC Park.
There comes a time when u realize...u've had enough
me: You seem cool…follow me on Twitter. Foreign person: What is……Tweeter? me: ·___·
Both LA teams win big today.
when your iPod starts playing First of the Year by Skrillex in the middle of a test, really loud..after the #bassdrop ..
SECOND TEASER #boyfriend we are making history....!!!!!
good night haha!!!
If we stand and fight, we are not alone
Laugh Out Loud Warren Sapp is coming out with a Judge show called "judge sapp" ROTFL
RT R.I.P. Chuck Brown. #GodfatherOfGoGo #Legend *Turns on Bustin' Loose*
the client used the analogy to describe relative size & complexity. I thought it was a clever comparison
we miss you!
The 20th passed... #CoasttoCoastEP came out, my birthday passed and nothing from Cody...
Business trip means no Bayside for me.
Best non NFL sports evening ever! ESPN films better start production of tonight immediately!
500 followers! I love you all!! (:
I am and you should! I put Big Freedia on the mix I made for our discussion on Halberstam's In a Queer Time for cult theory.
Fake ass niggahs
who do u think dip shit !!!
RT : was on this week! Both LOVE goji berries we hope they'll try our healthy #goji berry cookies!
Be sure to share this link at work and in your Facebook statuses so that others will know we're here!
Dreams of owning a sneaker store someday
yea! they were tasty!
I believe she went to Timberline Knoll...
there was totally enough room on that door for two people. That was a 3-person door at least!
About to play The Tin Roof in Knoxville, TN.. Where my Knoxville peeps at!!!??
Eh, should go over well. ": I want to ask Casey & Jason if we can switch from Jets/Pats to Golden Globes, just to see their reaction"
these crazy thunderstorms woke me up. now its over and of course I can't fall back asleep!
I'd much rather watch an NL game, but I understand that aging sluggers need somewhere to call home
Drinks on you! Oh, wait....
Costco pre negotiates and schedules appointments for you. It made buying my last car quite pleasant.
concert November 27th. I'm fuckin ready
mercedes benz chrome rims #whatdoyouthink?
Big thank you to all the vendors, and brides-to-be that came out yesterday!
I regret meeting you!!! :/
EVERYTIME I listen to #Lilith I feel like Satan. Thanks Weird looks I get are GREAT
Tomorrow the Custom Wig Company moves into new studio space!
Why isn't talking to me 😪 hella makes me sad
Put it Down by T-pain will never get old !!
Uh yeah!
I am too! mostly cause its my senior year and everyone is separating for college
I thought it was dinner, but it's possible. I know you left your bag there and ran back for it. We ate indoors then, though.
happier than my life is right now at the moment. Even though I hide it with fake smiles and such.....
I am so disappointed that it wasn't me!!
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
Wishes everyone a Happy Easter!
Mornin' Steve, thanks for the Follow, tell that great guy Sisto, hello from QuestionMarks & Kim. Enjoy Socialization Friday.
search engine attacks show up in stats, provide IP address that can be blocked to prevent attacks
Just a reminder... any hateful Tweets, Facebook comments or site comments will be deleted and the user will be banned.
Avocado! :) I can eat my weight in avocado.
Thank you for making school at JSRCC less painful, cup of black tea or a frap always makes it better!! Sincerely, Marshall.
A word from #CampCheerful. Therapeutic horseback riding is so successful because a horses gait mimics the movement of a human pelvis.
On break about to smash this meal. #Bomb ass food
Bulls looking good too. Picking up rip ham was a good look.
i know the feeling i had to take 18 moths off for grad school. Just getting back at it. Finished a tough chapter just now
Join Amy R.'s 12:00 Power Flow class on Saturday & SAVE YOUR DRAMA FOR YOUR MAMA. "Dear Mama", "The Kids are Alright" "Teach Your Children"
Nevermind no choir
What happened to our Grizzlies?? I'd hate to be in that locker room tonight!
couldn't have said it better myself. I. love. you. and would you really?! I'll bring $ to club for ya.
Shannon: "So what do you think--1 pound of meat per kid?" ...that's a lot of meat.
im gonna ;D my dance shoes are so ghetto omg
Oh my goodness! My cheeks still hurt from a hilarious time at lunch with &
This mouse I hear in my room reminds me of when I heard 1 in my room when I was a kid. Turned out to be 2 snakes living under my bed.
How did I just discover flødeboller? If pastries won't be the death of me, these chocolate-marshmallow gifts of God will.
yea of course id be really glad to help anyone persue their dreams!!
I used to live doing that. The big convention rooms are fun to run around.
New pedicure throne is up and running!!! Come check it out! Pics soon to follow :) :) :)
RT:: will B.S. at #CPAC tonight @ 6:30PM CST. Watch it live and barf.”
get on this VH1. Bret and Ocho have their shows...
Tummy, sorry for the butterflies. Pillow, sorry for the tears & most importantly, Heart, sorry for the break.
can't beat the drive thru on a busy day!
Just let my son drive my BMW 760 Li (V-12). He's 3-1/2 years old........He did pretty good!!
So, that’s where we are? We expect self-entitled people to steal? What’s HBOs motivation to offer downloads then?
Ladies night tonight! All you Whiskey Chicks get your beer FREE from 10-11PM...What's better than free?
Tax season is over! Come kick back with bottomless mimosas & treat yourself to some Bacon & Chive waffles! Brunch is from 10am-3pm.
Is the NHL all-star game going back to the east-west format? From what I've been hearing that's what it sounds like.
Thank you!
Is the ability to balance a beer bottle on a urinal a primal male instinct or is it developed over time?
Does the #Osweiler reach mean that Denver is worried about Peyton's health/durability?
RT : Tons of people showing up for #RIA meeting! Good energy.
the best in the house i think xoxo's
#cl315 Utnapishtim's description of the flower reminds me of way acai berry is advertised
Love it!
shutting myself down might be away for awhile
Damn it's 6:30 here, & 8:30 in mobile I think! I gotta get use to this time change!
#Duke vs #Virginia. Could be interesting. Also #Mssissippi State vs
"Can you go to hell for hating someone?" "I really, really hope not. Really."
Morning beautiful people!!
Last day of Bamboozle guys!! Selling all super cheap today! Come hangout.
Thanks for the shout out! Great read!
WOW! Tropicale Restaurant, Palm Springs has come on board Diversity Platinum! 10% off the entire bill! Do you have your Diversity Card yet>
I hope not though. Orton & Liggins haven't been given a fair chance. Stan did the same thing to Trevor Ariza.
The US gov does not have ONE agency to provide advice for #studentloan repayment just FAQ docs I need financial advice!
Sorry just got your tweet ;0( - but it was a great conference - Shout out to the "Good Fathers" in Detroit!!
I HAD TO LEAVE A FEMALE BECAUSE SHE DNT LISTEN THERES ALWAYZ ANOTHER WAITING THAT WILL
q6: We call it "Fifty Shades of Cray" at my library because the little old ladies LOVE IT. Porn schmorn. Give 'em what they want
had no idea you came all the way from NC for #140cuse until mentioned it!
Client images selected. Post-production starts tonight. Stay tuned for updates on final retouches.
haha I wish!! I've been looking at them On amazon...$100 bucks buys me all the seasons!!
Good day guys :D follow us!!!!
Your favorite Italian #Wine Importer is.....
well embry at home at Thomas at home are two that come to my mind first along with a few others
There is this to be said in favor of drinking, that it takes the drunkard first out of society, then out of the world. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Yay...Happy Birthday.
we appreciate your support....GO MAVS!!
hermetics out there- is the Internet an example of a very complex egregore? I can't decide, but I'm leaning towards yes...
will the winners be notified by email also, in case i won and missed it earlier? (fingers crossed)
well that's cool sounds organized, looks like you'll definitely get tickets then, I'm heading out for lunch in 30 be there 12:30
live running commentary throughout from koin, starting at 2.
buy 4 beers for 28 bucks from number 77 must buy 4 it's a deal to celebrate the SIXERS win
Lol a twitter wifey a.k.a Twifey , iz like a pretend wifey but sum what act like a real wife lol
I'd argue that d& gs later work is all about objects. That's what the machines are. They provide a rich acct of assmblges and obj
Someone lost a bet
I'm crazy about this one boy. He's crazy about this one girl. Were crazy in love<3
i feel like i sorta look like nicolette but yaknow a big fat version... idk
Funny part is my rich friends that I tell I'm graduating from college look at me like I got 5 tits. Lol smh
thanks!<3 sorry but I'm 19 :)
hey i been bowin yo phone up nigga where u been bro
Ice ice melt your heart Baby just let down your guard Rush rush for that touch Just one taste can't get enough
& . Thanks so much for the retweet! Hope you are both have a fantastic week!
Its my last chance to see everybody Maranatha and I can't go...
I want to
Abolish slavery? Lincoln was just trying to nail the minority vote.
how about the combo of Charlie Strong as HBC and Randy Shannon as OC? Too off the wall?
At first she's gonna come on strong, Like she'll love you all night long, Like it's going out of style, Then she'll leave you with a smile.
Was behind a car with license that read "TChalla"
RT if you are in my fan video
Boo to you
don't mind him, he's an asshole.
If you are on the west coast, did you realize that you get deals starting at 5pm? You get them earlier in the day than the rest of us!
this trip has seriously changed everything. and i mean everything.
Check out the latest blogs by and - recaps from #NYE and more! Always something new in #lifestyle #Ent't
supernatural jumped the shark with cass going bonkers and bringing back a leviathan. Still watch old episodes though.
Welcome back CHRIS U on the drums!
RT "Employee of the month is a good example of how somebody can be both a winner and a loser at the same time." D. Martin
Pay-triotism... why Dwayne Wade and Ray Allen aren't way out of line
"Tell her she doesn't have to do anything she doesn't want to do. And mean it."
u wanna come here and hage out for a while with us shit face
hows it going you remind me of one of my friends lol : )
Have fun. Thanks for the Birthday Shoutout Beautiful! <3
Quote of the Day: We learn to walk by stumbling.......Bulgarian Proverb
Wow, so FAMU's band is suspended for 2012-13 school year. Their football games are going to be interesting to say the least
Planning a #wedding? We offer free consultations with no obligation to book
Thanks for the mention, Brad -- just saw a big spike on my daily views and now I know the reason why ;)
Menopause the Musical joins us at the Hillman in 2 weeks. Don’t miss this side-splitting show as the cast sings classic tunes with a twist.
Definitely check out The Early November at the end of this month, you might be into them. And of course Ingird Michelson in July!
oh well would ya look at that! 400 followers today! I wish I had a cool giveaway, but I hope my gratitude is enough :)
Luckily, my job IS to make fun of Mahoney...and take a bunch of s**t from him, too.
brunch party at work!!!
Better yet, just hand me the bottle.
"Citizen" by L. Knight or J.B. Elshtain's "J.A. & the Dream of American Democracy" are my recommendations.
Thanks to PLAY for hosting us Thursday and all the bands for playing! Two big announcements coming this week...
i dont put music on i just put my head phones in my ears...
My volunteer already has a badge and proximity access. I think I just cried a little tear of joy. :P
Luis presenting on CAA at CCSF CTE department meeting today!
We do have internal estimates, but we don't want to needlessly annoy people if we miss those tentative dates
awl man now who can I text that can help me get over ________
Joe Monsour (door guy) benefit 2Nite at w/Bitch + Kentucky Bridgeburners + Burnese Crush + Ghost Riders Car Club + more
God doesn't like ugly people Lol. Remember dad said that to mom. 
"Nobody counts the number of ads you run; they just remember the impression you make.” - Bill Bernbach
well let's just hope your coffee machine makes donuts too.
Worry why would I care
only beautiful ppl have haters and you attract a lot. Me well thats why I have a stop sign.
Thanks! I was able to find it later yesterday. :)
Can you DM me? I want to send you a link for a scholarship through PRSSA
Half day take me away
hopefully we get to see #RobinWilliamsOnFringe in Season 5!
Firefox hasn't loaded Twitter for me in three days. Took me that long to remember to try it in Internet Explorer.
Gallup: Majority find gays morally acceptable. If ur gay, what a relief. People who will never know you have judged you acceptable.
": Love and forgiveness is granted unconditionally, but trust must be earned."
good luck home slice LOL
#YouGottaBeKiddingIf you think this #economy is going to get better any time soon
Was Alia Shawkat in Three Kings, maybe? Definitely.
im taking it next year but i think im dropping it cux i wann take an art class instead :D
Interesting - thanks for sharing!
Getting a much needed manicure then work :)
ridiculous.when I check @ gate 2hr prior flight,you need to tell me right then if gate is changed not after flight is gone.
Stay classy, Kentuc... Oh, wait.
good documentary sad story though
mindless beahvior im a big fan can u follow mee and i love u al roc prodigy prineton ray ray love u guys
It was the best I ever had lol
Cool - intro to hashtags
Dave has been moving merchandise like crazy and still has some excellent finds
I know. Good luck with Mr. Wound up for nothing!!! See you guys on Monday.
Coming for to carry me home *yells* THANK YA THANK YA . !!!!!!!!!!!!! i dont know about you but im going home, im going home
Technology petting zoo seminar at PLA#12. Two days until
from where says
Np, Pierce The Veil - Kissing In Cars
New iPads have arrived! Magical and resolutionary.
you two crack me up!
Thanks for the Spring time tips! Merci!
Ha! Will do!
Is curiuos is the Netflix queue is always a battle of wills between you and your significant other?
what a beautiful day, finally !! I feel like this week has flown bye as my last post was 3 days ago. I hope all of you are well.
TWEETle-dee, TWEETle-dum, look out weekend, here we come!
Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives. via
shake that as twerk that ass like the TWERK TEAM!!
thank you!
lol! Thanks honey!!! I'm definitely a woman of my word.
4/4 has been nice, but it's done.
Best DC movies..."St. Elmo's Fire" is up there!
right back at ya!
Yeah it should!
Happy 75th Birthday to the bestfriend I've ever had!!! RIP Granny I love and miss you SO much!.
Lunch was excellent 😊 👍
Gotta check out the Texas state fair one day
I'm glad someone gets it :-)
#Lackey spells disappointment. Ugh
AMC's Dir. of Conservation - Heather Clish - is working to create a plan to advance the Bay Circuit Trail - 200 miles of trails near Boston.
that's the theme of our book actually! #L.A. is a lot to handle!
A lot of #Wings fans around here. Theres a few oddball #Penguins #Leafs #Blackhawks #Canadiens but mostly #Wings around here
It really makes you stop and think about WHY traditional classrooms produce so much anxiety. That can't be a healthy way to learn, right?
and I'm ok with that.
Seattle was one of the cities yet we still get nothing, because that makes sense.
yeah I'm pissed.
Reading at Columbia's Gallery series tonight, come on out, y'all. 8-10 pm, 501 Dodge
Asked a researcher in #microbiology what #bigdata means in his field: 2-20GB. #reallybigdata means 20TB+. !!!!!
well well well.... looks whos following me again!
oh me oh my
Gold cuppers heading home .... Traffic ... Hungry... Smelly 😝😝😝😝
You know how I feel about that SAUCE!
When did it become so hard to get in school..........
Sometimes I want to eat my wine glass like willy wonka ate his tea cup.
Just signed up for fall volleyball. Bring on the late october snow!
sadly yes. I was planning to make up to 160 people millionaires. ;)
Walmart = SLUMS
hey baby!!
What is the last restaurant you went to?
Boys that wear skinny jeans<<<<<<
": I got a 433/450 on the math cahsee (;" i got 448 (;
Everyone follow wildcat_man
hope you follow &
I prefer smart people.
yep-I've totally done it. 9.5 hours and over 100 cars in the ditch. (we stopped counting after 100)
Swing by #BkSq today, sip a latte at Coffee Tree Roasters, and watch the #snow fall.
rep the sticker also 1 in each corner!
"Who is qualified to speak for the museum on a blog?" Feel sad that museums ask. Why is anyone *not* qualified?
ohmyword: Steven had a moment of clarity.
With some authentic Mexican babyback ribs! RT Tweet us how you’re celebrating Cinco de Mayo tomorrow!
Oh, be quiet. you are going to jinx it
yess. That's all I do is wink @ you. (:
Seriously? It's only Tuesday?
text me.
Mike Adamle looks like crap!! Wow!
wish would follow me :), i love him soo much!! i remember when you followed me but then you unfollowed me :\
"They finally ... <swipe> ... 'put down' my sunglasses."
I'm going to bed goodnight all!
B12 Injections Is Definitely Taking Its Position in the World of Medicine
lmao remember whn you use to do tht "that so raven" face whn she c da future lmao aha
well, hello yourself! :)
over there following people with my friend
oh btw I saw the mom vid before
No singer who tries to sing Queen compares to Freddie Mercury. Like you just can't.
Sea-unicorn from Rochefort's 1666 work, The #History of the Caribby-Islands. SEA UNICORN! tumblr.com/xwx51prd1d
Oh my lord. Too much to drink last night :/ wtf
Very sorry. We don't want you to feel that we, we DO NOT think that about u. We appreciate yours and all business from any guests
Mushmouth Dumb Donald Weird Harold
Follow your dreams leave your fears behind.
Between Kacie, and "The Biggest Loser" finalist Antone Davis, former #Vols are dominating Reality TV! We hope they both win!
Can't wait! I'm an #EatMobile virgin.
#OnlyIfYouKnew mamah, I've recently broken my ATM. No gift for you this xmas
are you going to NYC? If so why didn't you take the train?
If you shave your arms and you have a dick... Pull a junior seau and just end it.
This ancient aliens stuff is so interesting because it's so ambiguous...
My first day !
my work commute is short but I do a lot of weekend driving
He he. #Truth. RT Dear dude on streetcar: you're not cool playing your mid-2000's 50Cent from your phone. Get headphones.
I had to show a House in Inglewood today so I'm in Hermosa for the Game. I thought Sharkeez would be packed Out? NOT! 4-for-2 Nigguhz!!
ok you are soo lucky.
The stars at night are big & bright...
listen I have good eyes...now don't let me catch u up here unless u coming to see me
Ottawa was a blast. Architecture in that city is amazing. Now onto Toronto. Hockey Hall of Fame...impress me.
,Hi followback me
RT Did you know Brian Williams was hilarious?? Super funny dude.
is at bumbershoot Sept 3rd!!!! Hell yeah! My September just got way more awesome
Miller Lite with salt for Grandma Toots. Happy Mother's Day!
Come on in from 3-5 for free beer and pizza at our Friday Afternoon Club...Happy Hour til 6!!
RT : Retweet if you miss someone who you know doesn't miss you.
About To Bake This Cake Tho!
Pinterest makes vday shopping so easy! Got my girl a 2 story walk-in laundry room and a dandelion with a quote on it
I am actually quite depressed in watching them overall...everything is a grind!!! Ugh!
Thanks :):) RT u got it kroc
I live how I wanna live Buy what I wanna buy Do what I wanna do Try What I wanna try
Went overboard with the #SecretStash purchases. Poster, bumper sticker, keychain, cap, even vol. 5 of Swamp Thing!
Don't just see. Force it to happen. Threaten children if you have to. And North's going pretty well. I still love it there (:
I think Shawn Marion is still dribbling up court.
Amom's flight will be an hour late. I now have a reprieve from slogging through rush hour traffic to the airport. Huzzah!
congrats...welcome to the family!
Thanks for the support!
I miss Cory Golden ...*sigh*
RT if you are counting down the days left to school before the summer...or if your kids are!
Out with my guy
Leave A Nigga T-Toothless
Sick...but not sick. I have temporarily succumb to being a mouth-breather. ewww!
#AccordingtoPalin Joan of Arc fought to legalize marijuana!
Everything I do...I do it for me!!!
okay so today i was a bit horny and i couldn't find my blow up barbie so i fucked a fruit loop and i got stuck! help! -eugene
shouldn't someone make an HCI questionnaire repository? Starting from 0 makes me feel like someone else must have done it before.
I bet cause we are still friends.
Now up to 10 followers! Let the onslaught of tweets begin!!!
Who knows the Outsiders reference in Finding Nemo or My Name is Earl? Having lunch w SE Hinton &
YES! lol doing stuff drunk with friends and family is great, just watch The Hangover lol :D
RT For 1st time tonight, reporters are allowed to use laptops, iPhones and other electronic devices inside the House chamber.
People are so bizarre
"Is she pregnant?" "Go ask her!" "No what if she's just fat?!"
That could be malicious aspersions
Martinis go with hockey right?!
thank you!
from Holland. To you! For you! LOVE
“: Portland peeps: This Thursday Love is Always Love will be at the 'Last Thursday Market' on Alberta street. #lastthursday”
Two "hang up" voice mails and only 1 email to address (out of 107) after 3 days off. I hope that means I run an efficient program.
lol I'm not a fan of the dude. I just liked the movie.
#ifihitthemegamillion id get alotta levis,lrg,weed,and give some to a charity
Funniest tweet all day! RT Obviously, unsettled contract situations of Melvin &Roenicke had been bothering #Brewers hitters.
Patriots...bet them!
just followed Check out an follow !!!
Fever, fever, go away. Come back again NEVER EVER. Please.
11 Make A Wish to see Annie Star and talk to her!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 18
I know, I know... I'll be getting one, I'm sure. I hate that I don't need it, though. I just want it... And I hate that!
RT yea finally its qonna be wednesday that means gotta be at the best place new series begins
Exercise does more than just tone your body - it boosts self-esteem, improves mood and revs up metabolism!
safe travels to you
LMAO. I wish!
Anyone that supports us now will get free stuff (stickers/wristbands) in 2012 when the full line-up is announced. <3
I think it's fun that animated .gifs made a comeback.
Here in San Diego, what to do or what to eat??
I'm still following u.
will sneeze.
I'm such a bad kid because I am ignoring you.....
Resource suggestions for creating a production schedule? Script being broken down, now looking for scheduling resources.
Hatred does not cease by hatred, but only by love; this is the eternal rule. -
shurupppp! Omg yay ok, good old pets? x
I kid you not - so wet here a baby frog just leapt onto the patio doors to avoid drowning! Think it was 1st responder to my "Arks R us" sign
Hunger Games was dope. 21 Jump street was real funny too
Can I join you? #maddow is great. Ah if only she would descend upon the Ozarks.
Alcohol + hot heads= police being called and running for the woods
Ima general you just a cadet, so show me respect
this Is
making a go at some golf. Can't fight it anymore...must learn. Coach Jimbo on hand.
Big #followfriday kudos to my friends (#mustfollow)
Turn on the heat it's Central Florida. Do Ilook like a damn penguin? Bear maybe! Ready to Snuggle! BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR 39
awww feel better!!
THIS SHIT IS ALL KINDS OF FUNNER
You're officially a source of mine!
Fill in the blank: The toppings that go best with Original are __________________.
Praying for the victims of the collapse of Sugarland's stage :(
MRNG PEOPLE, UP ALREADY & BOUT 2 DO THIS X-MAS SHOPPING, SO WHO'S BEEN GOOD????
Just did. Thanks for sharing.
Going to lay low tonight and support the youngsters playing in the ABA at The Gym. Tomorrow I'll be at the Slo-Mo Classic w
Razor Ramon Sessions
Mr. Perez, are you on San Antonio? I have a request for a special friend in Canada.
"It's something unpredictable but in the end it's right." - My feed. "It's right, I hope you had the time of your life." - My crush's feed.
Thank you for the follow, friend! Been very much enjoying your tweets on #Egypt and the rest. One of my fav tweeters of late.
Were all greened up lol :)
But you're not really depending on your parents anymore. The level of coddling in that article isn't good for anyone.
"Do I look fat in this dress?" ... "Haha, you look like a marshmallow." (; ... "Yah, well, your skin makes you look like a gorilla." <3
Yes, this certainly helps me feel a tad better! :)
The “Accelerated Retirement of Inefficient Vehicles Act” is Cash for Clunkers with a twist:save our hobby and say no to S. 247 and H.R. 520.
Remember to call me love!
sitting on some OG....that's west coast.
thank you love! Will work on this tomorrow morning :) {hugs}
But, that cover is a trip tho'.
Thanks for the shout-out, Matt!
...what acting career are you speaking of?
Durrrrrrrrrr. You were pretty awesome when I met you, I see bestiehood in the future.
About 12 cop cars just went racing down 10th Ave E (Cap Hill)! I wonder what's going on?
Thanks! I know, looks so good! :) You can follow them at :)
Yes! I think you are pretty awsome too!
I hear you. It's been so hard to get tickets! I need to go to the tour of Kyoto for sure!
LOOOONNNNGGGG ass story.
The pressure people are applying is starting to make the Orlando area rumble.
Waiting for the last truck of the day.
come outta the closet ;)
When will someone step up and level the playing field? How does a U.S. Company compete with cheap labor?
Will do. And good luck!
I was going to guess that. with chicken? haha oh and don't forget dessert cookie monster!
I think maybe twitter should only increment your tweet value if your tweet was original.
this weekend >>>>
I'm calling #Wendys over their the nuggets costing more than their #spicynuggets.#ridic , LOL
My money's on a sex toy shaped like a cupcake.
Shoulder aching where collarbone broke. Hope I'm getting one of those weather-predicting old injuries. Good for my cantankerousness.
Everyone have a good day, be blessed and STAY POSITIVE!!!
you drive slow as hell. Speed up grandpa.
Working on a monster with next level
Bos was beating them all year lol
Is that really Justin Beiber ? Mayweather insecurity reaches a new height
#IMHO does a good job in big games, but his greatest gift is putting up with Hubie terriible analysis.
my philosophy on school (if it stresses you out, don't do it) has really began to pay off.. :/ is it summer yet?
“: Can't wait to get off work gone grill me some brats tonight n drink beer yes sir” Forcing it bro...
always have an extra wardrobe, or embrace each other and show the designer some love, be classy about it... From Kali Mysteek Agency
My DSL is working better tonight.
How is Mr Putin dong in Russia? I'll bet if there was a total embargo of Iran or Sryria, he would dive right in. China also.
good question... I guess if the class is a mixed group what would be rigourous for one isn't rigourous for all.
I've been typing since 8:30am. Time to take a break and watch last night's Community.
Let's Golf Ver 2 is pretty cool.
. so you are telling me that Don Draper didn't sport a Moose Skowron #14 jersey when he took Bobby to a Yankees game?
Airports are gross! Looking forward to a nice sb cab by the fire tonight!
I am so sorry linds. Hoping for a speedy recovery for Etta and thinking of you all :)
"When you teach your son, you teach your son's son." - The Talmud
Where are you watching the Detroit from tonight?
a thunderstorm, how nice... I've haven't heard thunder in so long. :)
yeah I saw earlier! I'm happy for them!
its okay im uncool too :)
interesting guy, for sure. I thought the market is a perfect solution? Will you become a Marxist when you go to work?
I'll be there! Can't wait!
the duets on #americanidol are neat and all, but i could really do without the 2 hour long shows. even with DVR it's a time commitment!
More great suggestions!
NY Rangers playoff game or NFL Draft? Pick one.
Haha, I would hate that too. Well at least you are now internet-famous!
Be excited! Today will be a great day! Awesome things happening!
is matching its members donations to several different organizations for
The start of the end. Hosting the Philly Local for one of my last 3 shows listen 7pm-11pm on www.xpn2.org
Damn.... Y did it have 2 rain on easter Sunday!!!!
should have never hit the send button.. shit!
Kaworu died for your sins!!!
Pearl S Buck is my favorite author! RT Growth itself contains the germ of happiness. Pearl S. Buck
Let's do that! Are you around for the reception tonight? What if I met you at the doors by the ExactTarget booth?
Kick off Spring with a little Flamenco! Join us tonight for the First Fridays Juerga from 7-9 p.m.! Check out Facebook for more info!
any recommendations for wine tasting places near Santiago or vinas del mar?
Follow me plz :)
ok, I'll try to come by :)
hey skip, more west coast discussin, and sports interaction! Could care less about east.Pac12,Mtn West, Big12,49ers,SF Gnts
let me know what PDWV can do for you. CD 2 will support you.
Back from vacation, exhausted but ready. Start with re-prioritizing to-do list. Nothing helps see a whole picture better than a distance
We had 16 people at Zumba tonight!! good stuff!!
guitar center! Its a Fender TBucket:)
It's Okai if yhu don't retweet any of my tweets bc I'm still proud of yhu even if yhu don't notice me !! ❤😊
So the zoning code was in Common Council last night until 1 AM and I schedule a breakfast meeting for myself today
Oh we caught that right away. Ha! We thought about just heading down to Aspen, but we drove right on by...
Would u be interested in joining our guidance board? We r Looking for cons. & fam to give us guidance to provide exc. serv.
lets go to for dinner this weekend!!!
Doing some Mo-Graph spec work.
RT : I used to read Lifehacker 2-3 times a day. Since their redesign, I've visited it exactly 6 times. Total.
can u please follow me please;)
Better get myself laminated!
Haha, can't believe that a Kardshian told my favorite Bin Laden death joke so far.
looking forward to another day of mixing Michael Bram's new album!
thanks for the RT!
OMG I FOUND MY 100$$$$$!!! YAYYYY!!!<3 IM SO HAPPY! #HAPPINESS <3
Rip ad-rock beastie boys are fucking legendary and paved the way big time
Wonder whether that really just shows folks assigned to log matches in Spain/Germany over-count INTs & dribbles
hi mama Mahone :) I was wondering if you could follow a really big Mahomie -->
Did the #sharks announcer just make a gotye reference?
Masa brunch, amazing.
FWIW, I strongly recommend against snorting lardons... does not end well.
Praise the dark god of uterusi I found some Midol. No bloodshed outside of my crotch.
Skinny = Anorexic Thick = Obese Virgin = Too Good Non-Virgin = Slut Friendly = Fake Quiet = Rude. You can never please society.
our last week we get out early like everyday for finals
New business overview for Planet Impact Energy has been completed and sent out to Merrill Lynch and others. Have received great reviews
Authoring in topic-based #DITA #XML is a perfect fit for object based #workflows supported so well by #Agile & Lean methods
Y FOR A CHEACK UP
all the big names from 2005! RT : So much for a quiet trade deadline: Wallace, Camby, Sessions, Fisher, Jefferson, Jackson,
okay when we meet again, for like kaileys huge party that she doesnt kno about that WILL happen, will hold 1 there. KK?
LIFE GOOD MY ARTIST SMILEZ DAGR8 MIXTAPE IS ABOUT TO DROP BUT I NEED YOU TO GIVE ME A HOLLA
I am truly addicted to Mountain Dew.
Hello W... err... Hello Universe!
I'm good! Yeah, party was fun minus Amber throwing beer in my face. -__-
I remembered that I never asked you my second question that I wanted to!
DID I ANSWER THE QUESTION YET? WHAT'S IN MY COFFEE? crickets&worms!!
What happened to that guy and his hot dog?
Even the nicest guy on the planet thinks you suck. MT : Are you kidding me?! ... Get out of those seats. You don't deserve them.
Joel Ario of : "I think that exchanges *are* on a path toward success,"
THE OPENING ON WSUPFL.COM GIVE US SOME FEED BACK
Because it loves you
When your mom takes you to ihop and to see the avengers in the same day >>>
I didn't even think to check there! Great idea, thank you!
#Awesome thanks man! This video...ain't nuff'n like my covers :D
Automatic Beats feat Plan Beats / DJ SelfBorn EVERY WEDNESDAY 10-6
Now serving Liquor!!! FREE ADDMISSION!! Cum down here and have a drink with us ladies!!! We have drink specials all night!! $5 pizza!!
I can cry too... I can to have broken heart too... I can to be your love... But you don't see it... ♥
Any Kork Wine & Cheese fans have a specific charity that's near and dear to them?
May have to take the McEachen high school boys on this #unstoppable tour with me!! They showing mad love and support
If you're going to ban a book, maybe you should at least read it first?
I blog now in Evernote so people can't pry
glad to have you here, Terri!
Great photo! Thanks for sharing with us via Instagram. Come join us a for another glass soon
Short ones lol
welcome to the club!
Great service today in Paraguay! Gearing up now for big dual "grand" birthday party this weekend-Abi-5, Sammy-1-perfect for Mother's Day.
heaven forbid you're walking a cute dog
RT I get lazy and greedy in Detroit!! When I get back to LA I have to get back on my exercise and diet regimen!
Not I. I'm afraid of accidental photography and unintentional posting. RT : Someone is reading this while on the toilet.
I have given up trying to find a skyscraper type building to download. Looks like I will have to just build it myself.
all of the people I'm following dropped to zero and the followers. WTF
About the be the token loud band at the "Songs of Uprising" comp CD release show at the High Noon in Madison. Blasting ears for 15 min at 7!
oh wow, thanks for the support!! Much appreciated :)
Tomorrow you'll realize what I'm worth, by then I'll be with the person who realized it yesterday
Love the sun beaming at 5pm baby!!
They that consistently warp themselves into undefeatable shapes and codes will outlive us all.
thank god I trashed that sweater
The FED should shut the F--k up. More stress tests? More QE2? Are they nuts?
your welcome! their gr8 ladies thats who i am with!
Amo family here i come to see my cousin Zackary Levi from Chuck the tv show! Heck ya lol see yal later!
Thank you for the great year and Happy New year to you all.
hi , thanks for your e-mail the other day. i still need to respond to you!
how's it feel being back in action
By the way, Jumping the Broom is one of my all time favorites. It's such a sweet story. I actually just bought it
do yall do indie songs on a certain day?
lol I blame
WHAT'S UP WITH NOT COMING TO TEXAS IN 2013? :'(
Rick Steves is QUITE the joker
That's Shane.
Sat 5/19 #DC free workshop in Spanish: Achieving Love & Peace Through Meditation 3PM Seekers Church (BACK) 276 Carroll St #NWDC 703-408-6944
RT : First meeting with #WIAA on site today to discuss and start planning girls state basketball tournament. Went well!
We'll raise up our glasses against evil forces singing whiskey for my men and beer for my horses.
Will do! Like, 9 years ago! When we were only teenagers.. ;)
Been here for 7 years!(:
Triple double for Rondo
bro! U no how fuckin hard it was for me to get 3 casses??
The Brewers are treating Cook like he is Babe Ruth @ the plate
If someone asks me tomorrow "are you okay?" or "what's wrong?" I'm going to hate them forevzzzz.
at least i don't live in hood ass Brooklyn.
SO intoxicated by the content from your "trends" preso. ANY way you'd be willing to share?
Has met me, baby? Indeed. She's immune to the powers of the Quiet Storm, baby.
thanks for your biz! Have a good one!
Jean rompers are cute.
I am not fooled, Mr. President, by your subtle shift in policy yesterday. Free contraception is not a right... and IT ISN'T FREE!
IN DA STUDIO
yeah buddy
It won't be "World Peace" when I drop you with the 'bow. You deserve it after rhyming like yo Shaq taking throws. (Case is closed)
The #Yankees pick up one of the most exciting young pitchers in baseball in Pineda, but gave up the best Catcher prospect since Posey
happy birthdayy <3 love you so much.
hey guys, do oysters have brains or what?
On my way to san antonio texas!!!!
Did I miss Alex Gaskarth on Christian's radio show !?
hello from SoCal. Thanks 4 following.
Just woke up from a good ass nap
I still don't understand why you walk with us in the mornings I obviously don't like you
I have a new idea for a calendar re-design; alternating Friday, Saturday and Sunday twice and then ending with Monday, (for the pessimists.)
Where is Launchpad?
Happy Birthday, !!!
Jessica Simpson will eat BBQ in the middle of a tornado. Fact. Check. That.
the kindle version of PIT came out looking awful and needs reformatting. Should be soon though.
Happy Birthday!
good morning to you as well
Just learned about your group from the PG. Women who love beer? That's me! I'd love to check out an event in the future...
It's so weird to watch my stomach as the baby moves all around...poking...kicking...punching
I'll see ya then.
Incredible stories shared tonight. Reminded of the great resilience and perseverance of youth.
We ain't got no strings attached but this could be the perfect match!
thanks my dude!
My morning has been made 💙👍😊 it's the small things I swear !!
Vultures Live just came on my pandora and I think my heart just melted
1 more half boys.
im so wierd
Why is it I find out I like creepy music
so glad tomorrow is friday cant wait for this horrible week to be over with!
Well it is partly Microsoft!
New Coyotes Assistant Coach Jim Playfair joins Bruce at 2:30pm on The Fan AM 1060!
hahahahaha, I'm laughing so hard right now tho.
Great show last night @ Creative Alliance by The Stoop favorites ellen cherry and Played to a sellout crowd!
I had no idea I even had one of these until I googled myself.
I'm at the Angels game and going to rush home to watch the Kings as well!
Today is the last day to pick up an application for the West Africa and South Africa winter 2013 ICAs. Stop by the office before 4.
Cant wait till this weekend! :D YEEEE
diner....sportsnight... WERESHOWING THE TEACHERS TONIGHT ! AH IM DYING ! WOO! umm yeahh, then dance till 10 ......#gold<3
I do ;) only if you follow me ahaha.
my mom still isnt home. where is she?!?!?!?
Slept something like 9.5 hours. Have awakened with miserable sore throat. A little concerned about how today will go.
Hey #Bearcats! Join us at UC at the AACRC for "Black Women Revealed." Support the Sisters of Nia + Flowers From Fatima! See you at 5:15 pm!
Maybe he could be the Designated Driver???
guys u mean.
attending summit. Follow them to learn what speakers are saying.
"Life's most persistent and urgent question is: what are you doing for others?" --Martin Luther King, Jr. (1929-1968)--via Ken Pope
and we miss u!!!! :( Lets just do last month all over again!
0mg who twitted that
": that's just celebs we know tho!! I'm pretty she those numbers are higher!" how would you "know" tho ?!
And its real lol
Want to read some humorous poems I wrote? Visit my webpage.
enjoy quality wine it's special time.<<<<& without quality wine?
That means no texting/typing/tweeting. I can hear you.
Watching Being Human with Viggle Mon | 9PM | Syfy Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I am wanting to twitter more but everyone is on facebook
Mike Milbury is a fucking douche. Period. No respect for him at all.
Calling all ballers back out to Laurel Park June 2 at 6:30pm!!!!! Any high school, any teams, any players!! Free drinks and music!!!
I just slept for 6 hours nbd
"And the 3 men I admired most; The Father, Son, & Holy Ghost caught the last train for the coast the day the music died."
Well you of course, Joe! RT happy hour question: if you could have a pint - with anyone in portland - who would it be?
Where are you?!
Update! Just sent an email to all our extras -- the call time tomorrow is at 4:30PM at the Park... check your emailz.... see you tomorrow!
yeah I did cullenator
Catch a BUZZ at Sutra tonight with ATL favorite DJ Kid Cedek!
you can spell!
DNS.com provides true unlimited zones and records for a low annual price, let me know if there is anything we can help with.
cause u said its not that mind blowing but that is why i said 'mindblowing' the whole ' ' or " " makes it not mb. lol
Happy National Pancake Day!!! The perfect day to stop by the NEW on Wells!
Welcome, Josh! What brings you to San Francisco?
Damn ima beast killed it on the b ball court then killed it in the gym yea boieeee
Are you?
hi jade! us too, we r bored without it! rt Excited for the new Bachelor season!
NO IM BUSY
I've been wanting to play the board game too! and this is why we get along... and why we should get boozed up and play it.
Most human energy dissipates into unproductive channels of materiality and sensuality. Tapa (austerity) saves it for spiritual growth.
Ya now fuckin" with tha best in daaaaaaaaaaa world
Really nice #Whitney tribute on ! Very cool how you all found the little girls from the I'm Every Woman video.
when a girl tells you ' dont worry bout it ! ' you better fucking worry ! lol
I just wanna play all in yo middle like Malcolm. My name ain't Vick but I'm something like a falcon.
Karma. I love you.
#20thingsaboutme I am obsessed with Netflix. Specifically, HIMYM and Supernatural.
And by 'rematch' I meant 'replay'
Unless a man undertakes more than he possibly can do, he will never do all that he can.
So awesome the Taliban started their annual spring offensive on our b-day. So honored!
I reclaimed the throne yesterday lol
PLEASE FOLLOW ME <3
Watching not cable on the converter box = a huge money saver. Although suffering through hours of paid programming is quite mind numbing.
"Can I have the electronics department?" NEWSFLASH THE WHOLE STORE IS YA MORON
np! I'm doing all right for my last few days in grad school. We don't know each other IRL do we? I hope I didn't forget!
It's a very special Firkin today - Hopsauce Double IPA dry hopped with Columbus. Get firkin "sauced" tonight at 5pm!
Thanks Drew for great moderating, and everybody for wonderful fast and furious dialog!
what up man!! Been crazy busy but getting back on track bro!!
ihave a shell....and theres a reason as to why noone has cracked it
Just because you know how to use google translate, doesn't mean you know how to speak another language. Just sayin'.
Thanks for
Is there a way to access the full name of an iOS twitter account using ACAccount class?
thanks for all of the follower just trying to get up to 500 now kk love ya bye
The only thing that can save us is ourselves, with a little help from each other.
chillin mane. We've been good mane. Still out here grindin knomtalmbout. How have you been?
Are you encasing your taxi in protective wood during NATO?
aha! I always wondered why some people prefer chopped. I dislike chopped.
Thank you! RT .. Thanks for the follow! Good luck on the tri training!!
Did you know just about anything you purchase online has a coupon code that saves from 10% to 50%.
snow, snow, snow
Taco Bell in Humboldt is open till midnight or later, but that doesn't mean you should go!
I did!! Will be meeting Mr. tonight!!
Yesterday was a positive day #thankful lets make today even better #humble and
Poped a lense out of my glasses. this week gets so much better
just tweeting maybe. what about you?
If you've ever considered Invisalign and can swing $149/month interest-free, might want to check out SD channel 6 between 9-9:30AM today.
BEST Tweet ever, music to our ears!
thats how it was when I got mine off! I feel ya man
how am I spending my halloween night? In sweats with a cup of coffee, coding... I know
We miss you guys.
I love you! <3
Itus for the night me 2 RT : ...but I'm bout to K.O
That is so sweet ! :)
I'm so sorry to hear of your loss. I lost my Nana years ago, and still miss her terribly.
Thanks for all of the fun toy mash-ups today peeps! Join us again next Friday for more fun combinations!
The hirshhorn was amazing. My head is full of art. Kara walker lecture on wed and randall packer in feb
If Batman was to take the belt around his waist off, and come around me acting tough id blow his face off.
fishers dryvit contractors, dryvit contractors fishers indiana dryvit companies fishers, fishers dryvit companies, dryvit repair fishers
are you ever going to tell Sierra she is pretty, have you? Just curious.
Come join team street fair tomorrow!
Bunches of new Followers! Thank U! I followed ya back. So what's 4 breakfast! Haven't eat in about 2 hrs. Had a snack 5 mins ago. Hungry.
PLEASE MARK YOUR CALENDARS: Monday, December 26...only class of the day will be the 9 am. Happy Holidays!
For $300 that chair should not only be comfortable it should also make ice cream. That said it does look pretty awesome. Thanks!
A beautiful cover!!
gave a great talk on leadership today in Gwinnett County GA.
Lolol! It fits you
over it. bring me food tomorrow after work. gracias muchachaa
Thank for the #ff love!
Lack of std westerly headwind means relaxed/delayed boarding for CA-bound flights that will still arrive early. Can't complain I guess...
I've only roughed it. No campers for me. Well, I did shower & all at the public facility but that's all.
Thank you to all our amazing sponsors! We could not have done this without you! #WellsFargoHere+Now
Wow, still excited from the amazing event yesterday courtesy of Florida Business Sharks. We can't wait to do it all again!
i would laugh until i die
DAMN right i got lame Niaaaaa be quite
Going to McDonald's for a salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug.
FB: Grads who have teaching cert. + MLIS: Lake Orion Comm. Schools seek sub media specialist from Feb-June 2012 on Tuesdays & Thursdays.
uhmm yea u do:)
had no idea that he doesn't have a star yet, that's crazy!
SciAm: "New Efforts to Unite Quantum Mechanics with Einstein's Relativity". EM: It is impossible to unite what is already united in reality.
Does anyone else feel like inflicting pain upon their self after watching Cee Lo Green on #TheVoice ?
Thank you and good night.
Got a back rest for my drum throne...best investment ever!
I actually don't give a crap. :)
$300 fine for smoking in the apartment. LL can't charge random fines, can only charge for actual damages, but threatening eviction. Risk it?
RT : Welcome new IAN member J. Naomi Ay #author of "The Two Moons of Rehnor" Series
love you too:)
I vote for Act 3
The Circle of Life will forever remind me of haha
Is Seattle Public Library director Nancy Pearl the coolest librarian ever? Hell yes, she's got her own action figure!
Yaya my subscription to paper bag weekly just came in, and they have an article on the scotlands paper bag!!!
Don't forget to sign up for our Summer Reading Programs for adults and children! Ask for more information at the circ desk. Great prizes!
#2DAYS UNTILL BOYFRIEND COMES OUT ! AH IM SO PROUD OF YOU <333
So tired. If I'm sick this weekend, I just might cry.
what is the meaning of this word...idea?
So the pizza guy comes to the door. I happen to look down and he has on no shoes #epicfail smh
SEC Top 10 Out-Of-Conference Games - CockyTalk
First Thursday, yeah boy! Looking forward to a good night of drink, laughs and art.
You too?!? Weird.
Picked up some 3yo white cheddar + other goodies
That 7 year old on the drapes was the best so far
Never ever met a guy so fly, got me hooked like apple pie. I think I'm falling and I don't know why, but I won't fight these butterflies.
most #awesome #glee episode ever a gaga cover and a queen cover. hope there is a next season.
if you see it before me rt or dm it to me.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally
Ziggler has reminded me of Curt Henning since day one, but he is a tad more athletic. Curt was a better technician though.
I just became a Directioner yesterday and I'm so excited about it... I need an official One Direction fan baptism or something...
Ok I will friend request you
Very, very excited!
(control.) sounds so good, I can't wait for an album. omg 2 more days aahhh I'm excited.
hahaha you like it?
thank you. Are you in San Diego?
97% of people say “fith” instead of “fifth”.
aha I dont really like history and im always geting yelled at in ela
Everything we touch, Steelebeak... everything we touch.
Good Morning Tweeitnam!!!!!!
good...we are always here praying for you!!! Have a goodnite I have 4 massages tomorrow : )
I commend my soul to the infinite mercy of God. Christoph W Von Gluck
i'll need to hang out in the Walmart parking lot if we don't get this closing date soon. they let you sleep there overnight.
Follow my smokin' hot jamaican bestfranddd
Georgia is in for FUN TIMES, Enjoy!
Today Jules was jamming out to Ben Harper and Jack Johnson. Girl after my own heart. Curious George soundtrack is a favorite of ours.
I'm always amazed at the personal details people will tell a complete stranger at an airport.
Woke up to a puddle of cat vomit and ants. Gonna be a good day.
ULEC=Empowerment Force! In the process of getting 100+ residents jobs.If you didn't know this is a movement, you def. know now.Why not join?
What year is this, 2006? Sheesh...
adoption cost
Having my own unofficial after-fight party @ Bardot tonight.
Defending Artest makes you look bad IMO. It was obvious he elbowed him with intent to hurt him. This will be his 4th SUSP.
Great being connected, and looking forward to having you attend my #acting #modeling #workshop in Baltimore.
feel like I'm gonna puke
": At the end of the day either you join the revolution or you remain a part of the decaying old guard." #OWS is ageless, join!
regardless of the storyline, how is that even possible of not knowing this event overall. It's a general topic. I'm just at a loss
To Sharon: This may be the hardest mother's day for anyone, ever. We love you.
you know more than anyone that if he wins none of this little uproar will matter
I'm down to meet! Maybe a late lunch Thursday if you guys are free? Or I might be able to do drinks tomorrow nite.
Leftover Carp?
If Noels and shabbaz did what was best for them and a NBA future they would choose Kentucky
": After the release of her video "Friday," Rebecca Black was bullied into being home-schooled." wtf...
the coca cola lounge thing !
#novEMPIRE Can't wait for 's upcoming release! Also the preview of their new single "Voices" sounded EPIC!!!!!!
Tonight the PW Trio is playing at Herzog Wine Cellars in Oxnard ca. Music starts at 7:00pm
I could watch Harry Potter movies every day.
There's nothing worse than giving bad news.
We're ready to rock with The Great '85 LIVE now!! Http://massiverocketradio.com
11 a month we meet my love!
Touring the new #BuschGardens animal care center. Absolutely state of the art and beautiful!
How about Eileen Wilks World of the Lupi series. I love Lily and Rule.
Our truck is supposed to be fixed in the morning. Thank God! I'm so ready to get out of Okalhoma City. This is the most boring place!
Finally made it to #occupyPhilly. Amazing energy and enthusiasm all around. I feel very hopeful for USA and the world tonight.
come on, let me finish my work quickly~
Miss you too. A walk with you to your harbor is on my bucket list :)
WHHAATT?!?! *My white girl voice* Lol
it's pretty amazing how you can prioritize and choose things without even thinking about it. the subconscious rules more than we know
Buy for a worry free rental.
RT : Last question, #thinkers.. A fun one! Q5: Whos your favorite #designer? Why? Give em a shout-out, hooray!
polygamy is not legal in Mexico, nor considered moral. Very catholic country.
Today's lunch special is a $5 club sandwich! Even #Greeks love #Bacon!
“: Listening to a podcast on the app!!!! Great teaching on a MUST-HAVE app!! Download NOW!”
Camp is right on free trade. Let's hope he can bring his party along with him.
I'm back from a great trip in Nashville TN, Music capital of the world!
RT : iPad showcases your application’s artwork, so you should consider hiring a professional artist to create first-rate graphics.
Puffiness around the eyes is often a sign of allergy.
I'm at B'More County School Brd meeting; set to vote on plan 2 build a school at Mays Chapel. Could also decide to "table" or delay the vote
Accepting nominees for 100 Native women who changed their world.
Some ladies look good in spandex.
I think she making me feel like a stoner too. Look at the set! What the?
is it only on logo cable or can we catch it online?
I wanna lick those body of austin. hahahah
Again, on the same wavelength. Probably a low, low Bb.
Do you think Fleury and Bryzgalov just look at each other during breaks and think, "Man, we're not good at hockey."
i think the didache means to include killing the fetus even before birth.
ah i hate you. did you take a picture with him (: #Jelous -_-
Just got out of dress rehearsal for the show! Have to be on vocal rest tomorrow. We'll see how that goes haha
One day, the right people will have the spotlight and the wrong people won't have anything to say.
message me bakk and tell me what you wanted to tell me
JESSICA STOP RETWEETING THE HELEN KELLER TWITTER. OMG IM DYING
I wish some of my followers would just talk to me
I am just trying to understand what comes with that membership level that doesn't come with ... no membership.
very good suggestion!
OMG! DONT TURN OUT THE LIGHTS IS ON MY RADIO!
How is it 11am and I'm ready for lunch?
ME too!! I played their song 300ish times today to celebratee! RT YOU ARE ON GLORIANA'S WEBSITE! #FreakingOut:)
four chapters behind in Dracula.
Our House! | RT : #awesomehusband and I on our way to #recallwalker rally in Madison! Whose house?
Thank you for sharing our post yesterday!
Have a question about your business #security? DM us your questions
ah malcolm x park fountain is apparently on so i pretty much plan on living there this weekend
Listening to #chiodos while i sleep >>>>>>
It's tax time! Don't forget: If you have contractors helping you in your business, you may need to send out 1099's very soon.
At the start of intermission hear Ted Sohier talk with tonight's conductor and composer, Andre Previn
whaaaaaaaaaaattttttt?!?! So jealous
New client! - Follow for the funny
is there gonna be a season 3? Cuz I just miss watching your show soo much cuz I could actually relate to it
first #FAIL with Zimbra/Twitter.. slip of the enter key.
Falling in love with Minecraft again... Again.
no worries.
Wow, just wow...way to start the day on a horrible note.
Any of the blues ones include Belfour? "What's Wrong With You" remains one of my favs of the '00s.
thanks! I want more traffic for them.
is that even possible? I love you a lot!
Phew. Hot out there today.
OH! AND BY THE WAY!
So I'm back in Dallas for 2 weeks for Christmas!! Miss my family && my family as well.. See you all soon :)
What's with the Aussie accents in these sunsweet raisin ads? Are they trying to Geico gecko me? Are raisins now coming from Australia only?
Best dunk of the night was by DeMar DeRozan. Blake's car/choir stunt was too cartoonish.
We are following you. :)
New case got here
Awww I love Demi! Can't wait to see miley
Where my chefs at yo? (my peeps are too quiet)
Gooodmorning world :) hope everyone has a great day'
I have the same relationship lol
so where would they trade melo to? What about the kings? They need a good forward!!! They would welcome him! Or even the cavs?
My dog just busted my lip cause he's so scares of the lighting and thunder. -_-
Thank you for the RT. It's a dirty job but someone has to guard the #FancyFeast :o)
hey thank you! Just got back from LA recorded a new original song, can't wait to share it.
hell yea it was a hell of a day ..wen we gone get n da yo
I love Subway because of Austin. ♥
Check out our new website www.slyderfootball.com for the future in tailgating and game room fun!
Wait, why am I watching SMASH right now!?!
Feeling good right now
We will be back up within 5-10 minutes!
A clock-work david.
« Happy bday to my fab friend , founder and creative genius behind the equally fab ! Have an amazing day, sis!!
I'd say similar, but look for FB to go way up before it normalizes - people are chomping at the bit.
Sleep to dream, Goodnite :)
We have the same barcode affixed to the iPad, the cable, the charger and the case so it is checked out as a unit.
I wanted it to be better, was disappointing. Only heard 2 new bits. Wawawaaaa
One moment can change everything...for better or worse. Be wise in what you do and WHO you do it with! ~RM
Women need to stop looking for guys to sweep them off their feet...sweeping is their job
This rain isn't gonna rain on our parade today! Getting ready to be WHITE HOT tonight The Miami HEAT - REPRESENT!
watching stories of reporters from the Today Show... amazing... it's the same thing at a different level
SP were awful that year. Do remember falling in love with Gabbi #LusciousJackson that year. Hubba
Tri City Piick & Save Ground Beef taste like meat from a cheap frozen dinner. All their ground meat sucks.
Hi When quering a new project to an agent that's passed on a previous full should I mention it in the letter? Thanks!
The art work in this hallway is amazing.
The champagne is a flowin' let's do this thang
you know I'm slow on the up-take.
"What is P.Diddy?" - Claire
Lmfao you did -.- RT : lmfao I told u I was gonna get u back
Today's word of the day, thanks to an exhibit at the Met: peripatetic.
Post more pics of the gallery.
idk it say "the content owner has not made this video available for mobile" or something like that -_-
I agree, Omaha has a great zoo and the Old Market is a good spot to recharge over some pasta at Spaghetti Works.
well, it talks about the wind changes.
thank you so very much😊
Waiting game with my dudes
have a very happy birthday and get to feeling better
Happy birthday mama Mahone(:
Facebook launches video chat (partner with Skype). How will that affect education?
Uhh ha YEAH! She is 26 with a bad ass house. Somethin isn't right.
Congress should consider baseline legislation says Maneesha Mithal
EXACTLY!!!!! Everyone seems to forget that!!!!!!
poor baby! thank goodness for sweets!
I have an extra Snack Pack. Just an FYI.
Hey- On Twitter now. Begin the networking! (under 140 characters, that is)
Its not suppose to be this way......thrown for a loop
i have a party bus in miami call me 786 223 1654
Another flawless prediction by the talking heads at
What's up YG, I am Cho-Cho manager. I am trying to get some collaration going . Hit me back ASP
That is one CUTE baby!
At brunch yesterday, a friend gave me a copper cookie cutter in the shape of a cupcake. Guess we're gonna make cupcake-shaped cookies today!
im sleepy
I'm in Indy. St. Elmos is a must, pricey though. Palomino, Oceanairre, what's your favorite type of food?
nigga stop actin like that's not everyday.
wait what... when we're you watching me sleeping? Lol.
Kenny Loggins "Danger Zone" instantly makes me want to be all sorts of productive, fly fighter jets and play competitive sand volleyball.
I'm just disgusted by the barrage of racism directed after his series ending goal last night.
make me shut my face
bears would lose their shit at a hot water music show.
