Sitting at the doc's office... So hungry I might eat my other good arm off.
This ain't no tall order, this is nothing to me Difficult takes a day, impossible takes a week. I do this in my sleep. - Hov
Cheetah tongues make the best mosquitobite scratchers.
you ain't never seen me dance like that bfo" oh austin. lol
RT : Mothers Day is coming up!! Do something different this year.. donate a Bible so families can enjoy Christ!
Unless you're one of my clients who threatened to fly here from SF to make an in person appeal (with a tight deadline)
Hair appointment this Tue. Vote: a) Bleach with pink tips. b) Lavender. c) Dark brown with green bangs.
Last night was fun , ;)
crazy evenings.
#Hopkins Homewood we are parked in from of the San Martin Center in the 1/2 circle till 2... Stop by for your lunch
Anal fishing?
hey shannon miss ya! :*
a rare case of a song with 3 great versions that sound very different from one another! There have been 300 covers of this song!
RT : Patience is a virtue. So just relax.
Ha! I like it.
Ive been wreaking up to this weird Zelda music outside. Please tell me wtf it is
To all the instigators of change - "The world is more malleable than you think and it's waiting for you to hammer it into shape." - Bono
My mom scrubs her fruit with dawn and hot water, but seriously that seems over the top.
meek mill is going in right now on hot 97
Congratulations to all of our USF graduates! Enjoy the day!
To focus on tchrs & ignore fx of poverty, parenting, legacy of racism is beyond irresponsible. Teachers an easy target bcz we all know one.
Thanks for the podcast love. Indie music fans will love this site. If you love music RT to all you friends. @ danglers
": Anybody else just lay in bed making mental movies of perfect scenario's..."funny how everyone of mine include <3
Holy shit I love a 90's sax backup on a song
": High praise!". Smoke on the porter is a close 2nd.
Tune in to at 12:30 where Home Start CEO & I will talk about child abuse, 40th anniv & our new maternity shelter!
It's pouring right now ☔ ... I'm glad i'm home already :)
Ugh, My Emotions Are All Jacked Up !
Bring it ... TravisAllen
posted up like a stop sign
ohh i just back from school, wbu??? :D<3
Good call, We're looking at it...trying to supe it up though. Everyone drives a Chevy, we insist on a Benz.
needs to get home soon #MakeMeSmile #LoveUnconditionally 💜💜
RT: #mediachat starts in 1 hour! Tonight’s guest is and our topic is “Brands and future use of Twitter”. See you all soon!
haahha! yeahh, the whole time i was watching it i was like, THIS SHOW IT FOR YOU AUSTIN MAHONE, ITS FOR YOU<3
Not gonna lie, kinda in love w/ my WeHo peeps. You guys killed it this am! So grateful 4 an amazing wknd pack. See u tomorrow!
thank you!!
Mark Sanchez wipes boogers on his teammates.
Google just sent me a travel coffee mug. No note, no explanation. Um... thanks, Google?
#IAlwaysWonderIf You like me , like I like you.
Watching Ghost Adventures(:
S/0 holding da city down
There are tons and tons of 9/11 specials airing this weekend. Are you watching, and if so which one(s) and why?
spring'11 Londoners- make sure you have your course forms in for next semester!
Make sure to stop by in September
I LOVE . white house correspondent's dinner was wonderful!!
Energy is an eternal delight, and he who desires, but acts not, breeds pestilence. -William Blake
survived round one of this semester's classes.
really?? And I thought I couldn't love you more than I already do!
It sucks being home all night every night, and reading peoples tweets about having fun out and shit..
Today: Text HEALING to 91944 and get a FREE supply of Vitamin D3 from Hieber's!
i miss the lips that made me fly.
Only thing sure about the European debt crisis is that it's worsening. But Ben "subprime is contained" Bernanke says the Fed is ready to act
I'm planning a cheap vacation for us for a few days in may to Newport Beach. Mmk?
Oh snap!! I've been on this phone so long, my arm went numb O_oh noo!!
I am fairly confident that you'll find more people that know the wrestlers and mma fighters
Come on Cubs! I'm set free at a bar from my wife and kids for a rare treat to watch the game. At least make it interesting.
phi phi, sit like a lady you fuqen gentleman!
I think you know what time it is, its time to get ill. #YouGuys Shower Beer, Pound of Steak Tips, Celtics Game 3.
hey! I actually might! I have a yoga class that ends around 8 so I'll text you after 😊
ah got you. Do you ever come to Illinois?
DJ Frisko Eddy & Cocoa Jeans take over Pura this Saturday night! TEXT "PURA" to 99158 to get your $10 discount pass texted to you.
thanks that was a few yrs ago but I'm thinking about doing these colors for summer!
This Tracy Morgan should be pretty good
wish i could find a throw back pic of you
R.I.P. Whitney Houston Thank You and all the online streams that let our eyes and hearts into the #CHURCH today.
Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.
Also easy to get distracted by the B&W / disgusting imagery on the website. Will be there at open tomorrow.
Looking forward to MLS Cup in Los Angeles next week. On the business side of MLS, what info would you be interested in understanding more?
I hope everyone is having a wonderful, beautiful day!!!
i think my 7yr old nephew has insomnia and i get mt dew boy tonite
I just had a "am I following that person, or was that a RT?" moment.
Keep dat 50 cal dat bitch mite come in handy it ah open a nigga up like some candy
Off to Corona to pretend we are in Big Sur.
If we did all the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astonish ourselves.
You're the biggest liar. You'd even lie if the truth was better!
Stop trying to walk on someone else's path and take the time to discover then carve your own.
lololol i love you brooke. they called me stella so much at the concert i started answering to it
2 episodes & 1 juicy marathon left before Season One leaves us breathlessly waiting for more...
Thanks Dr. Joy! Hope all is well...miss you. Stop by soon!
#android users, "emulator roms" on the market is pretty good game emulator. Just got done playing the original mario.
#BoiseSOC Bieter:“Act as if you have faith, and faith will be given to you.”
unless his argument is on personality side...which really is trumped by talent...even Russel "BSOML" Martin
I must remember never let my Dad drink sake...
Singing along with the movie,
You're welcome :) You're always sweet to everyone. You're very legendary fan of Everyone loves Anthony :)
nice i miss u Homie ;)
- our current contract (both fios tv and internet) is up mid-july. am interested in what bundles are available.
Often, hunger registers as sleepiness for me.
He shouda never been allowed to carry a weapon due to an old charge of battery LEO that he was allowed to plea down.
bruce bowen has done what no one thought possible: find a way to be more annoying than he was as a player. that man is awful on ESPN...
i am too bro!
This has been a weird weather day. Hail at 6:30a, ominous clouds all day & heavy fog at 7p...
Well I am sure you are fascinating on Instagram. I'm not that thrilling on G+.
I will try to the end of the earth to get those 1D tickets tomorrow...
“: I don't know why is complaining. I'm sure he made a good living off sampling other people's music. #bethankful”
#MaximumBeadle What does Rex Ryan need to do to get control of his locker room, and the #Jets back to the playoffs?
My 3-year-old just said he was "ready for a humungous nap"
9 year old #RyanKennedy is in hospice with brain cancer. His one wish is to trend on twitter. Everyone should Retweet this.
Today is the anniversary of the Beatles' first appearance on the Ed Sullivan show, kicking off their US invasion. Great day in rock !
I love my girl !
Ahahahah my brother says he has a job interview tomorrow and if he gets it when he has enough money he will take me to any concert I want!!!
Did you hear the exciting news? Will Ferrell announced an 'Anchorman' sequel last night! We're psyched for some more Ron Burgundy action.
.....greatest of all time!!! Hands down
only one in line for devil inside screening at cinemark 17. hope gofobo wasnt typo.
- #ShitMattSays "That's the good thing about having a beard, you can get beer on it." Agreed
Brittany Griner... Best female player in college ball.. ever?
Only the Germans can come up with this word: Beibehaltung
Waking up and your eyes are still heavy as fuck >
Email me if you want me to go on the road with you. I can be a bodyguard/bg singer/tour manager/t-shirt seller/life coach/M&M counter, etc.
If i am ever in a hurry, i catch myself singing the"saved by the bell", theme song really fast in my head...oh if anyone heard my thoughts
You made it thru March: the month of Change- bravo! April: the month of New Beginnings. Stay Open, Go with the Flow- it'll be Great!
Next up...Indiana!
"Nggas that's losing, just hate."
Join , Sunday 3/18 Social "Attracting Mr. Right" w/
One thing has been missed about Mitt's speech today at Liberty University. (1/2)
right on!!!
RT Black Male Student Success in #highered: A Report from the National Black Male College Achievement Study.
You may call her Ms. That would be fine.
Kay you're pretty, But that doesn't mean you can be a total bitch to everyone.
Guys are so selfish to only like the image of the perfect girl before getting to know them.
Ersan headed to the line to shoot THREE. Bucks down 5 with 16.5 to play.
Where is it playing?
I hope that wasnt a subtweet cuz im not shallow sweetheart
.. of developing intimacy and sex-role identity. Depression or problems in school may herald budding sexual difficulties.
Bing Versus Google: Search Engine Showdown - PCWorld
Seriously, if you're going to literally read your speech, you should just tweet it from your seat.
if you get the wifi model of iPad you won't need to tether it to your phone.
i seen a pic of you as an old ass man lookin like a jew
Late night edits. Determined to finish this draft.
Excellent! I shall see you tomorrow!
About to head out to the #LVH Old School By The Pool
-___- lol RT : Don't worry Heat fans, LeBron always picks up his game in the 4th quarter
re: $1billion in gvmnt subsidies.. surprised at the amount? many are indirect subsidies, bt still critical to industry
I write my dates like they do in the UK :)))
good to hear!!! I'm great! I was just thinkin earlier today that I need to visit u guys...been a min!
I just earned the Mobile Streaker badge on #Yelp!
Hey Kids! No new episode this week. Next week James J. Hamilton () will be our guest with live audio from the Hambones Rumble
Smoking dro and I'm on probation.
I will be collaborating with many new twitter connections after the conference, so I say yes.
Advance happy mothers'. Day!!!!
It might seem like I have a ridiculous amount of underwear, but I only gotta do laundry once a month, bitch.
On my way to Hollywood c:
and her dancing career. Linda's got Talent.
thanks Lane. Happy weekend to you~~
Bummed! I get to LA mid-day Thurs. If anyone can make Cap Crunch, meat & spray-tans fascinating, its you! Hope to see you there!
Somebody tell me what this sorry ass CHP officer is mad about cuz I really don't know!!
Interesting tidbit: Amile Jefferson (2012) told that UK is still on his list and he talks to them frequently.
“: Hope this is not an indication of how this whole race is going to go!!!!” I hope not or it's gonna be a long night
"Don't be strangers" (to our new neighbors we just met while shitfaced) - Rube Sheeber
billy unger amazing mom took a vedio of us doing the rfrigerator dance ! :) I wonder , if he saw it !!
perfect. I'm down for some froyo
I hope my boo made time for me this wk
. How much did I pay for this Plate?
Thanks for all the RTs - bravo to for putting on today's #goodgreatcat event
WE IN
Big Sean is like the immature kid in 4th grade who only wants to talk about butts and poop
Sure! Thanks for the mention! RT :
Its time to have some fun! Woo hooo.(:-)
its nothing like letting someone else think for u then you suffer the reprocussions for other peoples bad decision making.. thats fucked up
Now "Red-Headed Slight of Hand?" Hoping for "The Recluse"!
I'm thinking about committing self-immolation in protest of the tax raising Republicans. Would they get the message?
The Washingtonian is such a crap rag. I'll just add that tweet as yet another reason i never read them.
It's not just your imagination. We really do have tickets to FIGMENTS at Saint Sebastian Players. Half the real-life price!
🐯 Rawrr! 🐯 The weekend is almost here! Make it a fun one! 🐯
Dear weather gods, no flash floods tonight, please. Can NOT deal with those angry citizen calls tomorrow. Thanks.
Where's my breakfast people at? I know you all want some blueberry pancakes ;)
Thanks! I love them all!!!
great pic (and story)!!
I wanna see it too
Your successes and happiness are forgiven you only if you generously consent to share them.
#MyPastRelationships Ain't Got SHIT On My Current One :)
haha...I can only dream
most people in 's office ever (working, not partaking in adult bevs) Welcome ladies!
chillen,txt me
Happy Early Thanksgiving!
finna head baqq to austell rd. man I'm all dha way on washinqton rd. kicced it with my bae Jay before she went to school. i love yhu Jay
I'm getting the trinity symbol from the bible on my shoulder blade :D I'm so excited!
Valentine's Day Party at my house!
Gn my Tweet peeps and FB folks!! A new day is on the horizon....
Nothing wrong with having Faith/Belief in something greater then you.Why?Your not that great!
you try going to class from 9-5 please.
Watching Cold Case with Viggle Thu | 19 | ION Get real rewards just for watching TV.
ordered my Axe FX II yesterday. I absolutely cannot wait to get it.
Looking forward to reading it in March! :)
Thanks also to for helping us tweet #UWeather today!
's cd 'a sound of a million dreams' is out today. Go buy it! Now! It's worth every penny :)
NOW WITH AIR CONDITIONING
I cant wait to see my KYU and i cant believe they cut him off in the short version dglkshggbhsdhgs how could they do that!!!
Yes it's CUCA. I am really excited :)
BORED AS SHIT. SOMEONE SAVE ME
RT : Just voted yes in the merger!
I only date cheerleaders. That way when things go downhill, my car doesn't get keyed, it gets spirit markered.
cause I'm planning to get jersey, once Nike reveals it.
We're ready. :-) RT Very poor timing, I must say...the next scheduled Rapture coming *after* this damn debt ceiling thingie.
I #BELIEVE that I wanna hear a bit of the new Album ! Pick me if U choose randomly of course ;-) #feelthelove <3frGAJB
loves lazy weekends.
Retrain Tip: Exercising the MIND is just as important as exercising the body.
Mine turned 5 on Tuesday. {::tears::}
#notfunny FAMILY TRIP..
AND NOW GOODNIGHT JULIA <333
I would like the book that comes out two days after my bday!
Im going to keep tweeting until you hit the follow button.
#NP Tank-Slowly and enjoying the glorious breeze... <3
Good morning to all <3 ya Bunches !! Mauh!!!
I guess technically story about a guy who picks fights with blind people and wins.
after the Tipoff special, I'm gonna run to Rhinelander and back to wear off all the excess energy lol
poodle status LMFAO
Could Hitaniel Arias still one day be a contributor to the Milwaukee Brewers? Or has he been too bad in his career so far?
ugh, been at work for 3 hours and starting to feel like crap again. ARGH.
#uppers Pres. Obama got OBL. On his watch. He deserves the credit and Rep. know they can't take it away from him.
I let them go. My friend still has them, though. I saw Grant at center court last night.
Please follow me? :D
Girl my 40th bday party here on MV Nov 20th. So wish u could be here!!!! I love you so much.
If you don't know who your father is anybody can be your sister or brother
so much pressure to come up with something witty & insightful! I fear I may have over-promised on this twitter thing
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love. - Maya Angelou
a serious SEC issues if this was done to "manipulate" the private market for Twitter shares. The US-DOJ and the SEC take securities fraud
I got some real ass teammates
Been slacking on twitter following but just want to say hi to our new followers!
but oh dear... you don't understand: i don't have to wait!
Perfect weather for the beach,(:
I think you will love either one of them (or both of them!) so there is no losing on this one :)
i'm just now starting to see how that could work. maybe it takes a few years before getting comfy w/ the awkward?
Your suffering is not punishment. It is development. He is making me market place ready! It is a light affliction!
"He got off in Chicago yesterday"
If im following you please follow me!!!!!
Come on 2 more followers!! Please!!
"Half a mill for bail cuz I'm African" - Hardest dude in the game
arlington cinema and draft house... But it isn't easily accessed by metro
some tweets need spoiler alerts, you know.
at least its a pretty hill
Hey look a screaming match on ESPN over the Redskins QB situation.
what dont you do ask me that
why can't everything be good for you ?
: I heard she's a drinker ===> : I know a really smart woman with awesome #business advice ... :-)
ah yaay. fuve more followers til 500. come on people follow me so i can get to my goal. plz
#NF I got you. Appreciate the follow!
Mavs letting Tyson Chandler and JJ Barea walk was bad omen for this season. If D-Will signs in Dallas this summer, another title run coming.
Don't have a sibling coming this weekend? That's okay - you can still come to Rock the Rec tonight at 8!
Can't stop listening to #notyourkindofpeople Which is my fav song?
I have to admit, it really warms my heart when the Puke Blue Devils lose. #Duke stinks. Congratulations #Lehigh!
LitFuse - Japan wins the second World Baseball Classic! I had to give a little shout out for to my Japanese Heritage.
How can you have money for special effects, but not drama, or screenwriting, for that matter? A shame.
My family and I are getting ready for the 's Big Bay Balloon Parade this morning. Should be fun!
Giving me a hair cut when all I wanted was line up
This guy who knows how to piss me off said my last pie tasted like a Werther's Original.
During these times , I just turn on "Step Brothers" — & , and write verses in my iPod ! #Coolin'
Still waiting for my last teammate to check in with weekly points.
You shouldn't be mean to your Mom. Maybe she needs those things at QVC.
Idk how ppl except being normal...good or bad im going to make my name ring bells long after I'm gon, trust me
only if you choose to be (and, btw, there's nothing wrong with that).
Not the iPad, but it's been happening with my iPhone lately.
most participation is viewing. & creation != creative though.
Just got Michael Jackson some black pussy now he's a pussy fiend.
I could urinate upside down if I wanted to.
Way to go med evac via chopper from the in no time off Cuban coast. Seamless. Hats off, & hope she's 'right.
Shout out at the burgess mtg from pres campbell to the "very young man" spearheading social media- go you, whoever u r!
Buying your mom something from Victoria's Secret.
Good morning!
Try out the Application HootSuite, (FREE) You see your FaceBook, Twitter, Myspace, Blogs all on one easy to use Dashboard. NICE! Here is...
Sources: Man seen with backpack with rifle or umbrella attached at Burlington Mall. May not be rifle. Police still searching.
he just did it to me on here because one time I said he didn't like me because he doesn't like me on my other twitter
Morning! We heard now offers new flavors for coffee, the peppermint mocha sounds good! A quick stop is in order :)
I thought Betty White did a stellar job!
Yet who of you would believe one such as me. You might think im nutts, yet it is what it is, and I am as sane as anyone I am blessed by this
I feel your pain. I hate fax machines and they hate me too.
#NeverShouldYouEver diss in front of me... just... don't do it.
more then this
Love is what you've been through with somebody
The taste of your pussy >
yippee for white Christmas!
same , shes getting annoyed asking to go to concerts !
Not so extraordinary. Besides, it might be raining.
Very possible, but Elway harped on getting "impact players". Kuechly is definitely that. Think DM is only RB they take in 1st.
umm I haven't seen you in how long? What's up with that yo?! :(
so like ballroom or break? What part of Fl?
Where can I order one? :D
going back to guitar lessons..
Your writing inspiration of the day: Speakeasy. Prohibition. Not of alcohol. And: GO.
where takin pictures at
Chance makes our parents, but choice makes our friends. -Jacques Delille
Lilac Crowned Amazons Not known for their talking ability, but many become good talkers and singers.
Cnt sleep this bites so much on my brain
Wildin for respect!
them for 2-3 weeks post operative. They heal ALOT faster when wearing the shoes. xo
O shit! I'm late lol...Whats there to do in Atl on Memorial Day??
Wat after school
I am looking forward to your answer to that question!
swag swag swag on you ; )
RT : What makes an amazing Principal? Tell me. My district is hiring.
Ethan used to say "Blablabloopblap" before & when his playing his video games he'll be like "Hmm Oh!". Matt then be like: K fine, ignore me.
Finally it's Spring Break!!
send me stickers!
I'm proud of you
You should start making advertisements too! Lol. Nope I have 105... do you know how much it costs to change it, if possible?
Trackman I dig your production cause you've always had a DIFFERENT sound than most producers in the area. #Respect homie!
Not sure. Been a while since I have played w/ it. If not in the guide then you will have to test it. Sorry.
Had a lot of fun today :)
An American treasure, Eddie Palmieri, is at Yoshis SF all weekend. Don't miss it. Too bad tonight's first set was a technical train wreck.
- great! How'd you like them?
"Eternal Flame" by The Bangles. It's a really pretty song. Your tweets are so heartfelt! : )
Twitter peeps are such a motivating factor in every run! Just checking it from my phone at 6am on a Sat. gets me up & running
I remember when i was little, dancing around my family room in Michigan to Shania Twain & Faith Hill
I didn't say fuck him or is that what he wants?
Filner says again he already laid out his pension plan.
I AM IN NEED OF A MODEL FOR THE COVER OF STREET GROOVE MAGAZINE
I dare you to let me be...Your one and only
Another season has passed and Danny Briere has as many Cup rings as the Sabres. I'd love to hear the media's answer, but I unfollowed them
You are an awesome twitter friend. :-) always enjoy seeing your tweets! and damn! you are fast!
Its gunna be off the hook straight jumpin
Off to Orlando! Wish me luck :)
RT : Tell someone you love them. – We often forget to say it out loud. It matters.
One more hour to share your favorite love song with us for a chance to win 2 tickets to Sat.'s Carnegie Mellon Chamber Orchestra!
just saw you on ESPN U at SEC championship!
If yo child pamper has ever been on more than 6 hours u could never b a good mom u shitty booty baby having biatch
Yay college visits tomorrow...
Thanks for the mentions, fellow humans Fernando Percell () and Lance Paglia ().
#ThingsMyMotherSay clean your room!!!!!
Grown-ups like games too. Going to try my hand at .
Good Morning Milwaukee! Word on the street is, we'll have temps in the 70's this week! What will you be doing around the house?
"why are you laughing? " "haha because my dream is dead"
Looking forward to playing with the boys in Motley Blues tonight.
#hth2012 Silverman noting a bit of "nostalgically futurist". sees threat of loss motivating lot of efforts. Interesting
oh idk y but only optimum TVs can watch my show
Saw #Thefifthengagement it was so funny & sad but it was worth the movie
But he made up for it. Berggren grabs an offensive board and puts two back with the foul
it's pretty damn wonderful.
How do you make a trombone sound like a french horn? Stick your hand in the bell and play all the wrong notes.
yeah. I was wondering if any of you would notice that. Heh.
I'm voting
I hate texting people first. it makes me feel like I'm bothering them.
The cooking with Rhonda Show is hilarious; the cat on top of the fridge lol.
Is it me, or do they keep calling Tamika Catchings Tamika Holdsclaw in the #nbaallstar celebrity game?? Pardone, but get it right folks!
In a Tax prep-spurred office purge I just found a c.1995 AOL install diskette that has followed me through at least 3 moves.
The Box is just a creepy ass moviee...
Chinatown is so awesome definitely have to go there more
Blake just thought he was cool by running and jumping into his car with the top down but his foot clipped the side and he ate shit. Hahaha
10 days till Christmas! Better start wrapping presents!!!
but I'm thinking they have a ways to go before competing with LinkedIn, thoughts?
#20ThingsAboutMe i am NOT a morning person.. haha
good call beer bistro beerhoptacular judge man!
but will be fun this-coming week with Mass Chaos concert with Godsmack and Staind!
If the Darkness are a "joke," then 90 percent of "serious" hard rock bands have a lot of catching up to do.
Smooth! Looking fresh.
I'm glad u know we're wild & I bet that's one of the reasons y u love us haha
I love Living!!! It is f**kin' GREAT!!
let my change that 158. Jealous?
catch us on fri at with SW corner 7th and Santa Fe 6pm with and
yo! I found them! They were like stuffed under the seat in a corner
Auburn fans are happy you made the right choice too! WE!
one more day of this 4day volleyball practice then a 3 day break from it . (:
What?? No way! Do stink-bugs eat lettuce?? ;) I need a goldfish... PS - congrats on the new job and moving home!!!!!!!!!
she in the top 5 for me tho
Threshholdin right now
bitch! I think I'll just go back to Cancun.. I didnt need a phone there.
and death threats against at least one family member, as well as emotional outbursts against others due to the alcohol and drugs;....
Has anyone seen my red hat?
HOW WAS THE SHOW TONIGHT??
Come into Lottie's for lunch...or drinks.
is there a non-Facebook link to the touch a truck event?
Wheelchair basketball the rage in at Wisconsin-Whitewater
Two years ago today I became an illustrious woman of Alpha Kappa Alpha. Love you S.S. Harmonious Aw8kening!
YES! I want to know if Stevie Nicks' Fajita Roundup is still open!
“To be a Christian means to forgive the inexcusable because God has forgiven the inexcusable in you.” ― C.S. Lewis
TOMORROW @ 7PM. BE ON THIS PAGE.
You craven lackeys won't get another penny from me. Susan G Komen: Helping Poor Women Die of Cancer since 2012
LOVE IT!
What a great idea! Looking forward to this. “: So, a new project is now before me.”
Lol I missed the sounds of merengue blasting in cars passing by my window
getting off be back on later. i love you all. and so does ! Bye #woof <3
Wish I were there! :-)
RT Great! enjoy the show. Fingers crossed on the weather ;)
Would love to share some creative ideas ; )
my friend who is black was followed throughout the store by security he told the clerk he was being profiled,
Maybe you're right. Don't hold it against me.
Learned the hard way that bottled black cherry juice tastes a lot like beet juice. "Black Cherry Juice: It's Good! (In Theory)"
you KNOW for what.
I had an awesome day today!
Who is at the #box party in #NYC? A few key players here.
Of course. You're a Pulitzer winner!
All my friends rave about Country Cat - guess I'm going to have to get there one day soon.
Lakers gonna fuck around and lose this series smh
Just watched a man open the car door 4 his wife in the WalMart Parking lot. Treating her like a queen no matter where they are. I LOVE THAT!
Diiabetuus RT : And with that news, Willard Mitt Romney is set to top Wilford Brimley as the biggest Mormon star ever.
Everybody's walking around coupled up making me sad. Is this how y'all "jump offs" feel ALL the Time? Dang
Blessing to you as well!
Have You Ever Smelled Moth Balls? ...... How Did You Get Those Little Legs Open?
Who's ready for it to be Friday?
It says a school bus was rearended. But the damage is to the front of the bus. There's a semi in front of it. Get it right.
Such a homey environent .✌full
Just watched Charlie Sheen being interviewed,he's right.everybody should just back off!!!
what!? blasphemy!
#FourHomerMe it was Shawn Green with the Dodgers.
So as I was walking around NYC in the sweltering heat I spotted and had to purchase the raddest pair of leather shorts ever created....
-- if you consider trading some of your new drawers "buying," then yes
Who knew Andy Grammer is so attractive!?
Of Course... I Have Children & I Know I Would Want All The Help I Could Get If Either Of Them Were Dealing With Cancer..
Hate when people say 'you cant turn a hoe into a housewife', what if your mom was a hoe?
I use it for instagram-tumblr-Facebook & twitter workflow. Its sweet!
Thanks for the drink sir, but who is Lorraine?
It took me 10 minutes to figure out what to tweet. So I just tweeted this.
Oh look, a Star Wars marathon on Spike. This is shaping up to be the nerdiest Thanksgiving weekend ever.
every pack fan is with you
Y'all all yellin free boosie when he is the reason behind hundreds of murders in Lousiana. Smh y'all are pathetic
I said it at the beginning of the year and all you bulls fans, Laker fans, Mavs fans etc laughed.. Now look where all ur teams are
Headed to circle bar
They are 100% certified USDA organic
WHAT THERE IS A SHOW CALLED "AMERICAN NINJA WARRIOR"?!!!
Y'all are beautiful.
Who HAS met Austin?(:
Ready for a great day with the family at a cattle show!
Andy Pettite pitching in #ROC is great and unusual, but also more reason, I think, should do whatever takes to get w/
I DNT TRY TO GET TO CLOSE N PERSONAL WITH MY FRIENDS CUZ SOME CAN TURN THERE BACKS!! I KEEP A TIGHT CIRCLE AROUND ME!!!
Next up a Dominican ..then im done tasting the flavors of life...
As summer winds down, what was the most inappropriate outfit that you saw at work? Respond to #polishd-image. Pls RT
iPhone's autocorrect function has really messed me up when writing emails on my laptop: I just expect words to fix themselves!
On #FF is closing in on 4,500 followers. Help put us over the top & RT to your friends.
I need this dreamchaser2.. datpiff on sum bull!
Doritos bribe commercial by far the best!
Last Night Was Like WoW Lol
I heard they suck....
I do want universal healthcare, screw the insurance companies and the pharmacuetal (sp) companies
Since he fell asleep on me.
I voted in the Newark Public Schools Advisory Board Race. Get out and vote people. Your voice matters.
order plain tickets, cali is the mission...girl put in work girl girl put in work
I just saw that you're a #SOA fan. I hope you follow
Thank you for the RT - good times will be had! It being dark might help my golf game.
RT If you don't fuck with me 24/7, don't bother fuckin' with me at all.
And then you turn around and call yourself a musician... Get a band. Make real music
Cafe closing...more later
UTD like Kagawa and he appeals to their global branding too but Jovetic/Hazard are better built for them/EPL season. Just my take.
I really didn't expect group work to suck equally in grad school as it did in college/high school/elementary school/kindergarten…
until this day like I said since manning bs screw irsay
not easy, not easy...
ugh. lol you just love fights don't you!(;
Kudos to #SNL for having the character from the movie parenthood as tonight's musical guest. #whoisrobyn?
no invite lol j.p what did u see
RT : I dream of a world in which chickens can cross the road without anyone questioning their motives.
RT : 3 more Mondays left in the school year
Time to just have a good time with out worrying all the time #cutlose 👍
‎ claims a larger theater lobby is needed to bring the building up to code. E-mail the Union and demand they show a inspector report.
Ready to get down today??? :) follow me please???
Maybe next time... :)
'Thank you for Steaming with the Authority'
Waken up next to a bad bitch n a blunt
welpp, guess i really do have to clean my car haha blah, ill see you 2moro when we bomb the ap test haha love you chica!
A human alone of all beings has choice of action. Others are denied this priviledge. They merely live out their inherent nature.
do none of the idiots that are among the thousands at wal-marts across the US currently not realize deals are just as good online at home?
I agree with you that it'll drop his numbers, though the dates of potential polls & the ad buys will be important to note
Found Warriors of Rock for $4 at target today. I now have two copies.
Nortel worker testifies profitability bonus booked before results known - CTV.ca
Really wish Suzie would came in with a submachine Uzi
alone with some Philip Glass.
RT Lord have mercy! I really am ready for a vacay! me too!
Stop in to see the new artwork!
Hot tea and a warm blanket with a stuffy nose, sore throat and headache is heaven
She is Dark wearing a white dress with gladiator sandels on dirt!
Not that we know of. What are you trying to do? We have contacts to some machine shops.
The dance was cool...
Raul looks like he's going to shank someone with a shiv and shiv someone with a shank.
with the help of my phone and Bèyonce I will name my child white ivy.
I know I have imbibed too much caffeine when I start adding lots bang(!)'s to my code comments
I feel like a failure... I got through only 10 minutes of practice until my shoulders hurt...
Good skate tonight, getting ready for
Thank you for the free show on Saturday!
I can't even bring myself to drink. Fuck.
Hey, -> Would love to finally swing by the ranch when my colleague Trung Le and I are in the Bay area May 16th - 18th. Doable?
Oh wow yours looks really awesome.. Mine needs tons of work & a rename. Finding time lately has been harder then I thought.
RT : Our docs & staff w/#Colts DB providing free socks, shoes & foot exams to homeless men at Wheeler Mission 2nite
TY.. and to you to BM
#TheOffice: 'Sometimes the people I work with are idiots...and by sometimes I mean all the time.' What would I do without this show?!
happy almost Canada day! Wish I could be there to see the epic pod decor ;)
Note to self: writing conference presentation proposals is always more difficult than I expect it to be…
i hate my face . ya
thanks for the grat show Christmas Enjoy your break see u in Feb
that's fine. Baltimore doesn't want the Colts anyway.
Have you seen that show Extreme Couponing? OMG, I just totally got sucked in-but WTH do you do w/ all that stuff?
Please tell me more about your service!...:>), Thanks!
We're smitten with the #ValentinePairs we've received, but would love to see more! Share with us: What's your favorite #ValentinePair?
Think conspiracy theory meets pork.
so glad there's no school Friday
Sounds like 50 trains roaring through my neighborhood right now.
Was in a tornado in #corpuschristi ! It was super scary! My family and I had to go in our hall closet
nice to see you're finally tweeting! Welcome :)
": Students are required to show ID to get into the Hillman Library. Security is checking bags." so watch yourself
My mom bought me a Asking Alexandria and Falling In Reverse shirt and a Black Veil Brides wallet :D
Shift geek culture such that sentences that start "It would be cool if..." could easily end with "...everyone had clean water."
I spent 20 years in Indy. 13 at Conner Prairie. Love both cities.
I missed u too
Nights like this....I wish....
Sign me up for one of those!
Thanks for offer of tix if you hear of getting any. Email got indicated tix = non-transferable. But *shrug*?
What is the best way to hunt bear ?With your clothes off.
awwwuh! you know I love you too Chiquilla! <3
Painkiller type of morning - allergy season had me coughing, and a 4-year-old had his feet in my back all night long - allergies, too.
word homie :) been a while since I've been in the Valley. eager to make return. let you know when; should toast to old times :)
In my previous life i was a sound wave.
Awesome RT : just tapped the Frontal Labottleme IPA. Come try this beer from one of SD's newest breweries!
What a lovely, sunny day of May in Prague!! Let´s go to enjoy it!!
I'm done. I hate you all.
How am i clingy?
Dyed hair! C:
RT : That Awkward Moment When a Virgin Cant Go in On a #TT Like #ThingsiDoDuringSex >.<
I Love This Kid !!! I'm sucker for great songwriting and FAB Vocals!
And love. Lots and lots of love, of course.
Happy we don't have this problem: Lawsuit alleges that at Countryside golf course in Florida golfers drank feces-contaminated water..yuck!
Hey if your out there..what kinda stone/ring is that on your wedding finger? Looks pretty cool in tv land.
“: Only true friends go straight to your refrigerator when they go to your house.” this is you
Leprechaun stole me marijuana .... Dag nabbit !!
I'm not sure what 34 means. It was so long ago in my case! ;) stay young and stay free! See you around.
Amanda marries the love her life in one week (and a day!)!!! Meetings all morning to make sure everything is perfect! <3
Gd m lol ppl horny this morning on the TL im not i got some bomb last nite and this morning #thatpart RT if u got some wake up this morning
HR Generalist Certificate Programs available today!!
Who here am I not following? Who here has a fucking awesome Twitter?
Just got a new phone! !!
Today's Frosh Baseball game at LaSalle is PPD; no word yet on JV but if LaSalle's surface isn't ready, I doubt the 21st Ward's will be :)
Jerry Kill 4 President!
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts.
If I could , could forget him I would PLEASE believe me!!!!!!💗
that's obvious (:
Hey twitter people...please tweet me everyday to and tell him you want me on the show!
“: This country is so beautiful” Yes it is!
thanks for trying again, hope you like! Follow us on twitter to find out when the film is coming back your way!
I wish I could shoot 25 times and only have 22 points !
Will I win the iPad 2? Pretty please.
Work/life balance: I has it! Yay!
#15peopleilove Sorry. Can't name 15 people, but 15 animals? Lassie, Mr. Ed, "Eddie," my 3 dogs & 1 cat, Secretariat, Affirmed, Alydar, etc.
Some big names up for Latin Artist of the Year. It goes to #AMAs. Love her. Totally deserves it. She looks amazing!
Busy, busy, BUSY! :-) But good. I see is ROLLING! All good!
ain't no thought to it ;)
Finally, I have a day to get this cold completely out of my system. I'm almost there.
Sounds delightful. Did it rain the entire time you were in Cali?
What everyone wants from life is continuous and genuine happiness
note to self: learn how to make a decent whiskey sour
welcome so wats up?
Did you know 87% of Americans say that a smile from a stranger will boost their day? So make someone's day and flash your smile!
what are your cut predictions? -5 now, my best guess somebody has a better round today and gets to at least -7
Some people ask me, "How can you work with all those women?!" -- I say, "Don't be jealous!"
Listening to Blackstreet-Before I Let You Go lol . Okay really goodnight now :)) FETISH HOUSTON TONIGHT !!!!!
I found the source of all my stress.
That too, though they have questionable ethics.
Who wants a s/o for my 100.0000000th tweet?
Well the game's still going on so there's no summary as of yet.
Putting in headphones to drown out the analysis of 's support of gay marriage. SURPRISE! He has an opinion.
not much of The Oregonian after Sundance. Heard too disturbing for some there.
Victorias secret with my mom and gf? #awkward lmfao
Choices that we make or fail to make in the coming years about sustainable energy will determine what world future generations will inherit.
Happy Valentine's Day - you can enjoy what you eat, as long as you work hard tomorrow!
It’s never the platform, it’s always the message. -
i enjoyed the corn dog pizza it was better than i thought. Thanks. It has me looking forward to
Pukin out the taxi on north capitol and h
no prob! Let me know if you still want more of a challenge. But these are a killer...great for core!
Last day of work in San Diego before my move to Los Angeles!!! #I'mMoving toLosAngeles !!!
Lots and lots of print, email and web marketing materials in the works today!
So Alex Green wasn't supposed to be the one to back up Grant?Because it looked that way to me 1st couple games.
Magic city Mondays before I leave tomorrow!!!
finally figure out what put everyone in a pissy mood!?
ANY #ARIANATORS , #BELIEBERS , #SELENATORS , #VICTORIANS OR ANYONE WANT A PHOTO EDITED, TWEET IT TO !!! SHES AMAZING :D
Love Travel, Love History? www.TravelandHistory.com
Still hurting from my first jog in two years... I should have stayed away from that two block incline... I knew it...
Firsts time on the air since May 4, 2009. Post hitting bitch I is....
This Friday night movie night 6pm Join us for some free fun :)
Benefit of cycling on trainer #1: if you are an idiot & know nothing about gears, you can watch while you shift.
No RT can me & my guy get a GO SPURS from ya?
No lol I think that might belong to :) He turned me on to the show!
Zuzu is hopping today! What are you doing?
ilove my life realtalk could ask for any other i love my sisters/bf/bffs/all my other supporters
“: Thank you Homeland Security for not letting my AMERICAN son into AMERICA!” ridiculous!
i have my catherine chase horse necklace all ready to be worn for the derby!
Books4teenboys....KICK by w.d.myers....realistic fic...soccer+crime....quick/easy read, but sure to appeal to lots of mode school rders
Local group to provide basic street medic training for #NATOSummit protesters. has the story tonight @ 9p on #FoxChicago News
youu lien!! I do that too :O !! I never met someone whoo does that lmfao
I cheated on my money with a fuckin bitch but my money loyal she stuck around n shit
Thanks for the SO!
I'm allergic to fuck niggas and slimeballs, and y'all be keepin dem fuck niggas around y'all
<== that's this nut ball! Lol
10 more days till me on a boat with friends, drinks, sun, beaches, and good times in M-E-X-I-C-O. Yippee!
Thank you for following mee!! <21
Building my home shoe factory and proud to say all my shoes and assecorries are going to be made in America.
We are the source for all worldly info MT : Fun fact I learned at #smbmad - batteries are Made in Wisconsin!
We must learn to let go of old emotional baggage that prevents us from being able to receive and move forward in life.
I all of a sudden love the smell of lavender. I used to hate it. Does this mean I'm turning into an adult?
The Green no goal against the Pens from 24/7 where they showed the war room. Luckily got to relive that again and again.
Home from my first day as an intern at the ! Not gone for long as back down to the station in an hour for some training!
Is there a better set of Metro / windows phone UI guidelines than the ones at msdn.microsoft.com. I hate their interface.
just left my house.
lol ain't u gonna need it when u move in
Gotta keep it movin
Good Sunday!
solo party
Best of both worlds: You're your own boss, but don't have to calculate self-employment taxes!
Word the Bills 3-0 smell like the
plus, posting them gives my dad funny things to talk to me about on the phone. :)
And so it begins...Victor Cruz will be cutting the ribbon to open Mercedes Benz Fashion Week next Wednesday in NYC.
Thanks for adding #WASU to the new lineup!
wahhh my poor Marilyn Manson is sad you don't like him ='(
#WhenAustin is in that crazy, hyper mood on UStream and dances to everything. <3
Today's inspiration “: I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed”
do u ever wish u could have anything or anyone so much u start actually trying to make it happen
Tomorrow is Monday, That's a good enough excuse to join us for a cold beer on 13th & Vine! Drink Well, Drink OTR, Drink Lackman!
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. ~Grandma Moses
Playing on stereo while my wife and newborn son sleep.
Trying to grade LAST paper while waiting for Thursday's midnight deadline.
Don't hate the player, hate the game
Omg my bestie just took a pic wit my favorite rapper of all time Lil twist going bananas rite now!!!!!!!!!!!O:-)
As I roam through my old Facebook messages, I noticed we argued like we were married. I miss you. Should of never let you go... Oh well. :P
We hope everyone had a safe and enjoyable St. Patrick's Day!
#Mariners' bats are back to their normal vanilla ways
FOLLOW BACK BRUH..
The anarchists have a great day
GTWT Fashion Show 2012 is in the works! Setting up catering, lighting, entertainment... it's going to be BIG!
This. RT : Remember, Pena hit 3 homers last season, all in Texas. It's as good a place as any for Hosmer to get right.
Mental health an ingredient for good physical health: Can you be physically healthy when you are not mentally healthy? This is such a...
Thank you so much. it's so hard to act like nothings wrong dude i need to get myself together and i will. Fuck.
hm but you're dreaming of the love of your life but you're single? Dreams are crazy aren't they?
Hi! Thanks. :) RT : HII I FOLLOW YOU GREETINGS :)
we had the option to walk the track or play softball, and i was the only girl playing -_-
NO.... Maybe... Yeah I was like 16 seconds ago : [ LOL
Take Your Music Serious, Upgrade Your Sound with Our Mastering & Mixing
Antidepressants may compromise romantic love because they enhance serotonin levels
Bottom line is...if Zimmerman would've stayed his bitch-ass in the car (LIKE HE WAS TOLD!!) Trayvon would still be here today..
don't. Worry you got this
THIS! RT : Start 2012 on a positive note: Take action & get involved with the Volunteer Center.
Fixing hamburgers and baking cookies go me
which song?
#Aaliyah why"d u have to go ?
Derek Jeter is now 16th on the All-Time hit list with 3,143 as he surpasses Robin Yount.
I don't follow trends....I create them
Trapped between golf obsessed men on a seven hour flight in heavy discussion. What did I o to deserve this???
So great to see your pairing with on Good to see you!
Fun night!
GRIND OCTOBER's specialty drink is Pumpkin Spice Chai. Any size cups 12oz, 16 oz, or 20oz. You can get it HOT or over ICE.
Awe! I cant wait to see you without braces!<3 I still have until July!D:
We've been getting some awesome contributions from you guys lately! Keep it up! (^_^)
Tigers Earn No. 6 Seed in NCAA Women&#39;s Water Polo Championship
Truth & Sage Shit! ---->RT I believe in timing & being virtuous while patiently working hard. Sound weird but it works.
guess what it's Saturday big hair n lots of makeup night lol
“: thanks for the #FF !” any recommendations for my brother in Nashville Tn? #HireAVet has safety, firefighter, & EMT exp
RETWEET THIS IF U KNW THE HEAT AND THE THUNDER ARE GOIN 2 BE IN THE FINALS THIS YEAR
Shower to wake up...and now for another round of studying with
You're exempt. :)
Genuinely unnerving news #hide RT Look out, : it's National High Five Day and I'm coming for you.
#BuildYourFans - If you are serious about your art you have to be serious about marketing and promotion. Get Real Fans not just Followers!
Mt Vernon run & stroll down King St. listening to Uke\Brewers-DC on MLB radio. High-5'd guy w brewers thro-back T.
Back to website construction....will let you know when it is complete.
Senate hearing concluded. Now time to write a post on what Congress still doesn't understand about net neutrality. But lunch first.
KHI will accomplish this through partnerships with local homeless shelters.
We will be issuing a Halloween at High Noon challenge to members of our ReverbNation mailing list/Street Team in the next week. Stay...
proud papa!
I remember fun..
omw now boo
Anything above 89 is basically the same thing
hope you enjoyed the DVD!
NIC Sentinel wins Best of Show in CPA New York
Was the phrase "physics of information" (or words, text, language) used?
maybe tomorrow night?
eating lunch next to a guy with a missing ear. It's revolting. It looks the way a Vulcan vagina probably does.
Where do you do your (academic, not pleasure) reading? Desk & chair? Couch? Comfort or structure?
old school Maxwell is the best! Put a little funk and r&b in your life..... it's good for your soul I promise!
Nap time now.
Just got qdoba for free!!!!
never heard of that. Pretty cool!
The Bucks face the Toronto Raptors tonight at 7 p.m. ET. Go, Bucks!
#AngelinaJolie's arms look like they've shrunk to 2D.
That's what I thought when they said I was influential about cows. MO.
Forecast for Monday: Low clouds in the morning then mostly sunny. Highs 64 to 69 near the coast to 69 to 74 inland....
you are the best
tryna get MN things back in order
Real men eat ass
What's really scary is how is in a position to murder "cracker babies" and children in hospital.
How did people 20 years ago live without knowing, to the minute, when a storm was going to hit their street? Crazy.
Good news is your life is composed of systems that get what you want from life. So improve your systems, improve your life.
Thank you both for helping me, I ended up winning!
you can have the hills. Martin has no such hills. What was your time? Congrats
thanks! But I think imgonna change it back
I offer Content Marketing Strategies Assisting BizOwners+IndiePros Build Following+Expand Platform+AudienceReach! Also CoHost
Canucks’ Daniel Sedin vs. Blackhawks’ Duncan Keith: What they’re saying
Just walked past a large group of teabaggers...Anyone seen the movie Idiocracy? Nough said.
UC wins last night should be enough to get at large bid. They r finally winning the big national t.v. games!
Banana Republic didn't have what I wanted, so I tried God-Forsaken Hellhole.
Fichera & Miller are petitioning the United States Supreme Court to hear the Purcell Case and review the Feres Doctrine.
who are you hoping wins the #worldseries tonight? Since Texas beat my Tigers, go Cardinals!! Have a great night everybody!
they need to make a True Life about it lol
if theres a god he's a chiropractor lol
How The Fuck Can Alex Flores Be down to fight me again if he aint down to fight a 5' 4" kid from Chaparral?
part cash & most in unpriced FB shares? Totes! Fb isn't handing out real money
Thanks for the follow and don't foget to wear your sunscreen.
Glad I wasn't 1: Utility crews working all night 2 restore power. At 12a had 172k customers 2 go, 100k
good night
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 41
Listen bub, if you're not going to use this account just give it to me; I will actually use it.
tmrs my birthday(:
How do I get an audition for your stage musicals? Been trying for YEARS to no avail.
FREE tix to #Canton Museum of Art's National Art Show "Meet Your Match" this wknd, 4/28-29. Email for yours!
You're welcome :)
#ilovewhen there is no one home and i get the chance to sing my heart out!
More mutual friends discovered at with and : - known through the lively !
love your poetry! Great visuals and word choices!
Great balcony seats at the #knicks game!
Sweeney is a smooth athlete with a silky smooth stroke, Ross has oppo power and great range. love the options theyll have in RF
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures
it fell apart :'(
Thanks for listening!!
Im talking about the overall case as a whole. Especially in light of all the details coming out (the pic of blood head, ect
.. smfh, if we were talking to a girl, and he interrupted to agree with that girl, then he'd be a lil Ron :P
your gay in your bed room tho
We are on a similar schedule! My D5 Transfer was on Feb 19. Best of luck to you! This is hard, right?!
lmao your weird
What doesnt kill you makes you stronger
Thanks to consumer pressure, I get to keep wasting my life watching practically anything I want on my television! Yay!
Yes, I saw that someone tweeted about how every time she sees something re: SOPA/PIPA she craves warm pastry! :-)
No human being can explain
you headed out? Safe travels. If you come through Indiana look me up.
Thank you, Bill Johnson, for messing with my head. See if I ever think the same again. And thanks for the half-hug, too. Awkward, but nice.
Diversity & crisis comms panel taking questions. Anything you guys want to ask?
Stuck in the Middle !! You were close! Lol!
I'd rather buy fakes. Actually fakes are looking better and are reasonably priced along with being widely available.
All children deserve an arts eduction! Come to our happy hour/open house tonight! 342A 9th Street in San Francisco.
I know so many outliers.
With my baby:-)
Amen for Kendra and Chris Boone's genetic makeup they so lovingly passed on to us...
As I think about the friends, neighbors, colleagues and others in my life, I feel I have a lot of neighbor-cousins. Thanks for being there!
only if you have to reboot.
Just 'cause I said it...don't mean I meant it.... Got an Adele song stuck in my head.
oh... that's better...?! sorry you're swamped :(
Cast your cares upon the Lord, for he cares about you. I Peter 5:7 #jesustweeters -- FunDave ()
Falcons have agreed to a 4-year, $3.588 million contract with 2nd-round center Peter Konz that includes a $1.05 million signing bonus
Thanks for all your work to shed light on lies and deception at komen. Rockstar fact investigator!!
got my B back in government (:
hands, and they are thick gloves, try stuffing your finger into a trigger when you need to shoot it. 2/2
yes please
Joe B will have a profile on Sven Bartschi on tonight's Sports Sunday. 11:35PM on KGW.
Dear cereal box manufacturers, it's 2012, I know you can come up with something better.
Hi. Hope you're well. I see on TV all the time!
Congrats to our 10 raffle winners from last week's lunch and learn w/ And for prizes!!
Address for casting call 365 north Illinois street, be there on August 20th
Carrie: "he totally wants your panties." : "he wants all our panties!" #twitterlesscarrie "he can have mine"
and try and get your phone back too! Haha
Let's pray for Ray. Lol.
I watch your movies every night because my girlfriend is obsessed with you. Haha, but it's cool. You're amazing
for real?! Come on man give me a break haha.
In Seattle week after shoulder surgery and still in pain with little mobility. Where should I play online while in US? Commerce mix soon tho
Fat Girls in Yoga Pants <<<<<<
i <3 fat pants
Congrats to for winning a prize at the Austin event!!
one of the bes documentaries I've ever seen..ever
things to do, people to kill.
I love when a plan comes together without formulating one-
I've got an intermittent tremor in my right hand/arm. Had it for a year or two. Someone tell me it's not Parkinson's, please.
I'm taking up one much space.
Courageously taking a leap of faith is often a prerequisite for reaching obtainable goals.
yeah thats true jaZZY
Found a bizarre mistake in a rec today: Bib claims the London Haydn Quartet recorded their String Quartet Op 20 disc in Bristol... uhh no...
It's been quiet here in twitter. #TeamOtenki, where are you? @ mention us! Let's chat - E
If we were playing Barca, Sagna would have just conceded a "penalty"
Is it sad that its 10 pm and I cant wait to go to bed!?!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful moms out there. We love you!
Well welcome! When's the NIYP wrap party ;)
(twitter) show log Success, but something was missing. Maybe you’ve scaled some heights, still no satisfaction. Today @ 3p EST
SACRAMENTO BOUND in t-minus 9 DAYS!! =D
#MyGuys DEAD GOT ME MAD N I DON'T KNOW HOW SMH
the president of marketing for the Clippers should be fired for telling Clipper Darrel he would GIVE him 2 TICKETS to stop being a fan!
Happy Hour today 3-7 PM! Snacks and unbelievable margaritas!
Pssst! Are you following us on twitter? - spread the word!
whoops forgot
I think I wanna do an online auditon for x-factor :))) !!!
moscado friday is tonight free moscado all night for the ladys and ladys are free before 2 am 2451 walnut riidge-dallas tx 75229
On my way to dinner at Scotch and Sirloin! Can't wait!
will Sean Payton become some sort of broadcaster for espn or one of the other networks?
soft kitty warm kitty little ball of fur
I don't know who you are, but I love you.
RT:“: On 's dick just after 12pm. #Rush #EIB”
I love you (:
Thanks so much!! RT : love your new logo!
I really hope so too =)
In Cville for the next couple days. Hit yo boy up
I kinda really wish someone would have smashed my head in with a baseball bat right before I agreed to be "team mom" for 5 yr olds T-ball
I wonder if the lakers won last night, cause i'm wearing the Jersey that I can fit now for the first time that I've had since I was 6
! RT : Key to surviving in a bureaucracy is to always know which way NOT to turn your back.
Perfect. I'll have my assistant get some time for us.
Oh Daygo, how I miss you!!!! Sigh
You 2 actually have a LOT of common interests, now that I think about it! Could a collaboration be far behind?
Who is joining for our 10th Anniversary tonight?
Change your #future #today. Don’t let the past hold you back. Be what you know you were meant to be. SeanLetwat
great manifestation!
. Just as windy today! Hope you didn't forget the Aqua Net this morning.
:D why thank you
watching #DisappearedID and it makes me sad whem i watch them ):
great meeting you last night!
where do you work out? :)
I wanna hold your heart in both hands. I'll watch it fizzle at the bottom of a Coke can.
Half Price Wednesday is here!!! Try one our new Bordeaux blends....que magnifique!
Why did it have to come to this?!?!? C'mon o state!!!!
Senior champs here I come!
#Lakers roll on!
My headphones on charge
“: Meow RT : yet again pussy make the world go round” <<<<<this
It was a great pleasure to record the voices in the gallery. We reviewed the sound and thought it sounded great.
Just accepted a -sick- show offer, and it's not too far off! Details soon, get ready for the comeback.
Rest In Power Chuck Brown
Same here! RT : Crazy day today! Got a late start because of a doctor's appointment, and playing catch up ever since!
LOL. what kinda socialist preschool y'all go to going to an arts fest?!
one of the programmatic ideas assist in what Kant called "the release of man [sic] from his [sic] self-incurred tutelage."
At the hard rock getting ready to go on with 's band is sounding great!
My mom is driving my car; I'm in the passenger seat..Did I buckle up? No. is right; there's something about my car and this seat.
Considering where Stanford is, it's odd that they teach their CS ramp-up sequence using Java and C++.
idk dude. lmfao that was so terrible. and we got in trouble for sneaking out -_- and we werent even drinking or anything!
its also I gift bro support is real important
_Thank you_ I couldn't make the festival, so it's good to experience it vicariously via your pics and 's tweets.
Um, I'm freaking about the LENGTH of the season, LOL
Good morning everyone <3
Welcome to the weekend! Nice way to chill check out some new tunes!
#limousine service discounts for twitter www.5-star-limos.com
Hello Twitternation! Today is a great day!
follow bck please x
Thanks for the RT!
just my ipod on shuffle
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore. - Yogi Berra
Let them hate so long as they fear.<br> (Oderint Dum Metuant)
"Love, Love, Love Fit2go" Thank you Desiree :)
MT : I really wish I could go to the LearnRT pre-conference at #ala12. It's at Disney & discusses their approach to quality service
Moving Forward In Life
I been trying to slow down for years and every year I burn more then the last ..
What can I say...natural athlete. I can do 6.5 at a 10min/ml pace.
AND HIS BROTHER IS MAX AZRIA! bcbg. wow this is all coming together for me... interesting...
I am. Hope you're having a GREAT day too!!!---Last one had a typo! LOL!!
Earthquake not in Baltimore
lol are you gonna help me then?
you should check out
Oh, happy belated birthday, Thomas Pynchon—whoever/wherever you are!
New Country Star is all jacked up for Season 7 ------ Are Ya Ready For It?
RT : Elene Kagan will B a devastating blow2 liberty, the Constitution, r Bill of Rights!PLS call ur senators!
(...map worked better in Safari than Firefox for me.)
3 weeks worth of archives work undone in approx. 3 days. Re-organization: take 3.
It's a widespread epidemic! I blame Lady Gaga and her shenanigans ;)
Coding some things on Flash Builder.
Is there a way for both teams to lose in the final game?
RT : Sitting on pit box for the race today. Should be a big learning day for Here we go!
thats one way to put it lol
Well hell, looks like I need to start playing :).
Holy crap! That is awesome.
the part about "think about how your classroom learning is engaging...can u translate to social?" was awesome inspiration.
We wish you all a fun, relaxing, safe Christmas, Holiday, Hanukkah...everyhing!
I hate "doughnuts" vs. the simpler, more elegant and Homer-approved "donuts." The sweet deep-fried treats are just fine.
I've never really been in town for Texas relays but everyone in Austin seems pretty racist to me right now.
--Good to know, thanks for that I'll have to look into it!
This whole shaving twice a week thing is getting old.
Hooker's complicated man: officers hated him, his men loved him. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan #CivilWar $2.99 Amazon?Kindle
“: #Eagles receive a 7th rounder from the Falcons, No. 229 overall. Now have 10 picks in tomorrow's draft.” >>> and cap space
I just wanna run, right now. I haven't worked out in forever
Lmao I'm about to have a heart attack!! RT U gettin nervous man??
You watch SMASH, real Hulk? I'd be interested in what you have to say about that car wreck.
Some things are better left alone.
is in charge of my schedule for the next three days. I am afraid, very afraid.
Open Tues-Sat 11-7, Closed Sundays; private parties/meeting space & catering on Mondays. Stop by tomorrow for some meatball lollipops!
ain't nowhere else!! Chicago style!!
It's not even my birthday , but he wanna lick the icing off ;p
Ohh I didn't know i was on your account i forgot i have to wath what i say.
TIP: How many questions does your business get every day? You can turn your answers into valuable content!
- Yeah! Just peeped that catalog recently. "Return to Santa Monica" - what's *that* about?
Flyers shouldve beaten that shitty Bruins team, Bryzgalov doesnt touch the puck once during shootout.
miss the imperfect person who could make you perfectly happy"
What was the first record or CD that you bought?
Economics, Spanish, APUSH, and English!
No! It's can't be over for another year. I am so sad.
Welcome #Y2J a triumphant return
#fiber artist Lewis Knauss & #textile artist Harshita Lohia "So You Want to Be an Entrepreneur" May 2nd
znxksn I wanna meet you do bad, I've seen you 6 times and I've never met you :(
I'm not thrilled with most of the people I've seen who are participating, but I'm thrilled with participation. So...hey.
I dnt have time to hate ppl who HATE me, cuz im to damn busy LUVN' EVERYONE who LUVS me in my Life ;) LML!!!
Right now, bin Laden is in hell, and he just heard these words: "Bend over"
totally agree on both points, AG ...
This Monday started off terrible. God, please let it end well.
THIS THURSDAY MAYBACH MUSIC TAKES OVER #ECHELON3000 LIVE WELCOME TO MY HOUSE PARTY LADIES FREE ALL NITE LONG
Let me know what kind of response you get. B/c I totally think about doing that too.
little stop copying my tweets... I tweeted something like this last week...
All we need is 1 more follower!
Looks great
Hurricane Irene is coming to New York !
Churchin at faithful central at 6am and westA on Easter Sunday!bet u wish u were me!..lol
How in the hell in that happen?!
I don't want to go to school today.
Inspiration: 1. arousal of the mind to special unusual creativity 2. a special influence of a divinity on the minds of human beings.
For larger lunch parties we do have the Private Estate room available, call today to inquire about your next lunch meeting.
*calls him back*
Thanks for coming in girls!
lol,you know it
Agree - what a beautiful chair- beautiful pattern
Helping my dad paint the porch 😲👣😷
As a trainer educate, listen & learn with your client. It makes all the difference in everyone's outlook and day.
and white horse by taylor swift, that's always been one of my favorite songs
got a 0 in math today 
Man lets go!!! Make this 3-3 Denver!
I drove clean thru a red light fucking with Twitter
When Joan Rivers cries I cry. :'(
The creative act is not performed by the artist alone; the spectator brings the work in contact with the external world by deciphering...
I really have my finger on the pulse of cereal brands.
- team intro tonight lasted longer than the time the offense were on the field in the first half - #firespaz NOW!
well the random arm in the corner is sharp. It is artistic.
YOUR AWSOMEEE!!!! i felt the need to say that (: you got a fan rightt herreee :D bahahaha
Happy Wed!!
Please keep Bengals WR Chris Henry in your prayers as he is currently on life support.
this Sunday 7pm Random Row Books, March's Secretly Yall: At War. We hope you'll come out and hear some amazing stories.
Shit is about to get serious today and this week in the
Motivated to get some exercise by all these people on Twitter running marathons and getting in shape.Plus sitting is the harbinger of death.
Yes, I figured it was hackers. Their tricks are easy to recognize.
I think it'll be during summer if the NYC one is..
Not sure if the Born This Way Ball ticket is expensive, or I am just poor..
Hope you have your frames by Friday so I can judge in person! Glasses, gr8 fashion accessory!
we will be up NY Saturday! Will you be around??
I do. But last night I blacked out on beauty. Moment in Time Tho
thank you + nope! it's part of a poster the lovely created after hearing big tall pines. we're in love with it.
It happens
- Trenchtown Rock always puts me in a good mood.
Of course it feels like i have a stress fracture in my foot 2 days before the busiest week on my feet, of the year, # #STUPID!
Mahalo all who helped Bay cleanup Saturday. Wonderful community we're in!
Trying to convince the 14 y/o to stop playing with her puppy sister and make some cupcakes!
Its weird....I used to think I was abnormal.
my team! If you're willing to pay $7.75 for one of our shirts. We had to buy extras.
"...distant cities are designed precisely so you can know where you came from. We bring home with us when we leave."
Ah, yes. Let me just put that on my indie-bookseller-jet-set-expense-account. I'll be there!
I hate my ex I wish she would move on
Reed Johnson has a serious squirrel tail.
:) Boyfriend and I die for the burger and fries. It's dangerous how close I live!
I swear I was just saying that. It's like they ran out of ideas and said fuck it. Lol.
Mobile spam again. Is the burden really on me to opt out?
That must have been amazing. I have no doubt.
Thats bet Clip
I went to grad school, that brings back memories, bad ones.
With all of us watching take on #Spartans, want to congrat on his wedding today!
Coffee that balances you,while giving you energy without the jitters of regular coffee visit:www.energyconnection.organogold,com! health!!!
Admitted: The Apprentice UK is far better than The Apprentice US. I guess it's all the swearing and lack of all the celebrity stuff.
Photographers shooting video (as director and/or shooter) please send me links to your work. I'm looking for you
jealous of your Florida life, can I be the ring bearer? :-)
RT : It's going down, right now, @ KIMO Theater. "Literally Dance" w/ Ballet Repertory Theater.
RT : Exercise restraint in web design. Ask the question: What is the purpose of that page? #digitaleast - Kelley McDonald
deserved. you do great work on here, Jessica.
Who was at our door at 5a. Not cool.
A ton of top college coaches in the house for the day two evening session at VIP Exclusive Run
It's weird seeing every tweeting about Mothers Day. It was Mothers Day ages in the Uk
What are Gemma's and Ash's twitters?
Can't believe it's the last day of Avenue Q. It's been such a wonderful run and truly a privilege and joy every night.
Only 3 sessions and lunch into this Code Camp and so far it's raining fail.
May is Foster Care Awareness Month! Come to our Info Session May 11, 6:30-8 at Hunting Ridge Presbyterian on Edmondson Ave to get involved!
thnks and can u do me a favor and follow my bro he follows
Where you at boo? #itssnowing “: wish y'all was here. #snowangels”
I know! Glad they're all better now.
Somebody is fishing outside my apartment in full gear. There is no water of any kind.
Holler at me pfft
We like sports, and we don't care who knows.
I love the show can't find better television journalism!
Bullpen has been pretty damn solid.
Can someone DM me???
I just want to go back to sleep
Dallas is gettin their ass spanked by the Thunder, Im goin for the Spurs anyway!!
Thanks for the follow - also a "defender of data" here - nice phrase
thanks fellas!
I used to be in a Town Watch in North Philly and we did not carry guns.
Just got Black Tambourine - "Complete Recordings". I Like it.
I believe the hype now that final four court is beautiful
You are our winner. DM your address and the tickets will go in the mail today.
2 world wide trends? I love it.
What did ESPN say before the playoffs that the lakers need to win ? A: Gasol & Bynum have to help Kobe out otherwise they enjoy the couch
check out Rock Out Autism! They are doing amazing things for children and their families struggling with autism!
Big smile RT : That awesome moment when you check the mail and its the big envelope. #uarts :)
Can't wait!!
#1thingiwant4christmas Peace on earth--and if I can't have that, a new Coach bag.
Finally watching?!?!
A4 I want to work for Valve!!! On-site massage and laundry.
then you know he wasn't the right one.
Hope everyone at #il2011 has a great time!
Yay Noe made me a free pizza :)
Nate from London says He he he...don't tell my gf I'm here... I told her I wasn't feeling well and was going to take a nap!
not yet feb 15th I will
Amber is being an instigator! She's trying to start a fight in Sbarros. And she slapped me :'(
Rolling pearls. Vet in this game
As it's Groundhogs Day I wish I could re-live 1/2/12 over and over again - PERFECT DAY in Pasadena as #GoDucks won #RoseBowl - SO MUCH FUN
no Food truck with the girls?
The preceding tweet was a public safety warning brought to you by the Foam Weapon Fair Play Advisory Board.
ordered my iphone!! cantwaiiiiitttt
Look at your hands... no holes.
Ok, the new diamondiscaudio.com server should be fully functional now. New server, hopefully a lot faster...
The person that can get us the most likes in the next 24 hours will get a hand full of stickers !
Bumpnnn ready go to sleep ' wbyy ?
Just joined #UFCgym in Torrance!
#FastCash4Carsnow, #cashforjunkcars, We'll Quote You a Guaranteed Price for FREE, #Free #pickUp and #towing your vehicle!
good look. Was looking for new one on this train ride
totally understand. All of your stories are so complex and deep. I'm sure it take a lot out of you to write them so well!!
Boomer fuckin Sooner, y'all.
Today's Stops: Saratoga Springs,Old Key west,Bay Lake,Poly,Grand Flo.,All Star,Boardwalk,Yacht Club,Jambo. Need a scooter we'll be there!
: Where in Senegal? I spent a year living in Dakar. You're going to love it!
aspen leaf >
It's on! We will see you at The Sink at 7:15 tomorrow.
The last day of April will certainly be interesting.
High interest of the Windows Phone platform at goo.gl/4D565
RT Keeping it classy I can't wait to stand outside of a Herald Square #brandbeef c/
No, you don't get a government subsidy check for your farmville crops. If anything, you should get a flesh eating disease.
#tappingfootimpatiently....ANGELO, get it in GEAR, DUDE! Or is that, "Calzone"?? LOL.
I presented a G-Apps Webinar today. mentioned #flipclass & started getting ton of ?s about it. Had to redirect back to original topic.
