Mention Twitter & get 20% off any detail! Pamper your #car!! Call (619) 928-4848! We're MOBILE & come to you! #sandiego #sd #detail #auto :)
even if i dnt get this job at the bay water park imma still b at tht mug all the time cus i kno it will b crackin
That video is like the beginning of a found footage horror movie - just needs Tony suddenly getting yanked outta the window
where to after that?
Participants reported that they learned a lot and their KM is better for the experience!
Congratulations, looking forward to hearing your name called!
- Shout to my birthday girl please? :)
well, free beer and bacon for everyone on top of that. Then yes.
hello love :)
I don't even do starbucks n been twice this week
Thanks for the follow!
hidden valley dress code logic <<<<
I don't look 21
Stasburg gives up his first HOMER of the year to Pence, Pierre was on base so the Phils lead 2-0 going to the bot. of 4th.
my bad. thought my mic was off and couldn't hold it any longer
haha I feel you brother
Please call for an appointment @ (608)764-2917 or email
Dont have a whirpool? Try this: Recovery Shower, Alternate 2min Hot w/ 2min Cold for 4-5 Full rounds, end w/ 2min cold. Great 4 recovery!
I really don't understand 's call ahead seating. How is that better than a reservation? It's less convenient for me.
Is it supposed to be a full moon tonight because craziness has been happening all day? Lol.
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt not consume any other guests.
Hi Myron! Great to see you on the One Love Cruise! Your daughter is so cute! Look forward to seeing you in Music City...
“ Lemme find out twubby got more than one hot nerd...” lol let me find out u cheating on me lmao
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success
"Not Truth, but Faith, it is that keeps the world alive." --Edna St. Vincent Millay
Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing
Eventually you just get tired of the bull and you stop foolin yourself.
We will be collecting can goods for the Houston Food Bank, March 10th at CVS, 402 Gray St. 9 to 12noon Tell your friends... Thank you.
The 4th works. What is your email? Mine is
Be it resolved that I, J. Danger Means, shall improve my Arabic and Japanese language skills to conversational and specialized fluency.
RT "You cannot turn truth into power if you do not know." ~ Bill Clinton #CPNC11"
RT : Want #free Inflight Wi-Fi? Follow & tweet with #ConnectAt30k for a chance to win!
I just love how music can make u feel much better
Thank you for the super fast service this morning 200 E Ohio store. loves you from the Joel Mr. Cub Lozada
a black man invented it
lol that's my song
Thank you! RT " That's an awesome looking office! Congrats!"
what brings you to Indy? Pacers/Heat?
Ready to head back to SF tomorrow. Looking forward to home.
Why are there a bunch of boats out today at 8:30? I encourage it, it just seems odd for so early.
lemonade is the BEST
No does not always mean NO!
First time in a long time I paid my rent this early. Today must gonna be a good day ;)
u aren't home?
Craft for me please. I'm stupid when it comes to crafting things.
I'm confident not Arrogant, I know not to cross that line otherwise you look like an ass.
Watching Aidan laughing at the golfers in this rain which is making me laugh even harder :)
hopelessly withering away, but i'll never, ever tell.
Feels like Seattle was just annexed by Narnia.
Hate-mongering and misogyny? We'e got enough of that already, so no, he would not be missed.
No, I didn't watch the draft. It was boring Michelle. She would rather watch DVR'd Hot in Cleveland
LOL I was playing Draw Something with my dad and he drew my favorite singer really badly... Hahaha
The most important part of a development project is citizen engagement -
More time on your hands you see ;-)x
why does twitter unfollow people randomnly #???
Been in traffic for 2 hrs n still in fuckin GA!!!!! Ugh!!!!!
Holy switchbacks! Up Logie Trail on the #YamahaR6 and every bit as sore as if I'd pedaled up.
#BOSTONBRUINS lets get it
Exciting to see the fresh, young faces of
I hate Adrian right now.
The players are back on the field...we are ready to go for the 2nd half of
that special you did hit home hard, I went through exactly what you did minus the stardom
#FF , , and for all the best #Shakespeare news and #LAThtr happenings.
the illusion of freedom we live under, will only last as long as we're needed.
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Michael Pearson ⁰Rising 8th ⁰West Covina, CA ⁰Travel Team: The Cove ⁰Power Forward 5’7
Presenter mentions working with "Professor X" as generic example. Mind goes to
One more day until the weekend!! Who's ready? Join us tomorrow night for some beers & hand crafted cocktails! DM us for tables
oh, yeah! That is the worst.
where the drug cartel war is at its worst. did you see that 43 people were decapitated and left on a high way in Monterrey
There is a sticker with a QR code on my banana telling me in its own voice to: "Turn me into Yonanas."
man you know you gotta get residency to get real bread. Fam, think about your future, go over there and handle yours.
It's National Teacher Appreciation Day! Thank a #teacher today!
. #AAS3rdCentury What do you like about the paper? Ability to mark up like does to LLC?
"If you can't handle the bullshit you can't handle the truth." ~...Er-- I dunno, just seems like something someone would say.
where is this posting
no we gave up three picks to the vikings for them to just pick an OL like they were targeted to take in the first place.
The American one sucks balls!
The new and sadly quite boring website is now up! www.tenacitycircusarts.com
Amazing! You reached your goal and then some! Very inspirational! Can't wait to visit your food cart!
#ObamaDerbyNames "Glad I'm Not A Dog"
#WhiteSox #baseball And it's time to lam into the Motor City Kitties, ha‑ha. The suspense is Skilling me; play ball!
not a Yankee fan but glad they beat TB and as long as u are happy then I'm happy
Great to see alumnus, Clare Van Fossen, being a leader for life with !
I do video editing.
John Carlson gets the goal for Washington.
ill have some tomorrow (:
yo thanks for the support. BK all day.
might as well stay up till 6 XD
"It's like they're going to pop out of an air vent if you improperly use their fonts."
Brewers are sending a scout to watch sheets... could he be back in Milwaukee?
hi; i hope you know who i am... last saw you at o2 during JLS run of shows..just to say ALTHOUGH i had ALReady downloaded ...
sorry, it's just what i heard, brah. can't help it if you guys got that rep (heard from an irish person actually)
The only ugly thing is not being confident about you're looks
I Want To Pillow Talk.
2night! Mr. Freeze Presents the Inventor of Scratching Grand Wizard DJ THEODORE at Revolution in 10pm Locals Free
I'm going to work earlier :-) I actually wanna work
Winners will be announced on 12/7! We ask for your mailing address info so if you are a winner we can send your prize to you ASAP!
... I'm sure it can be figured-out. SO good to get to hang with all of you -- much fun. Next time.
Just finished a five day refactor-that-code-so-this-is-easier-to-write spike, excited to dip back into backbone.js. New UI, here we come.
Oh, hey! It's my Friday! I almost forgot!
Love broccoli. Just had some 5 minutes ago.
Apparently, there is a stand-up comedy show at Polly's tonight.
Mega millions!!!
thanks so much - it will release this summer. not sure of the month yet
That's kind of hilarious.
Look at us on tv on the rockin our fresh new threads from go check them out!
i dot wnt u 2 b ma gal.
I hate dt when its humid all these lil mosquitoes b gettin all up on me wtf
I will read more before bed, thanks. RT : read a book. Puts me right to sleep.
thank you!
a seperated shoulder is where your collarbone comes a part form your shoulder
Best bathtime rule..'If you don't dry off, you can't be a superhero.'
After 2 years, Filmmaker Phillip Rodriguez has sought Sheriff’s files on Salazar killing. Suit now filed! Public has right to know!
I Remember When You Said Lotus Flower Bomb Reminded You Of Me <|3
Thanks to our amazing 2010 sponsors! www.hopeforfirefighters.org
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "You should know more today, than you did yesterday"
Looking forward to participating in North NJ ASTD meeting today about Blended Learning presented by Harvard Business Publishing. It is bei…
And i will not be answering lol
nobody told me they were running for anything!! Nd she asked me so i said ok *shrugs*
Saying the most funniest person is the most depressed is bullshit
You and me together nothing gets better.
I'm not knocking you for putting yourself out there, but for littering local businesses w/ cheap ass calling cards. /1
did he burst into tears?
Flynn, Winston and maybe a WR RT : at this point..what are the dolphins moves to make?
Perfect day for my man David Tutera! :)
I agree Drupal features are more flexible than profiles. Let me mix 'em up. That was a chief shortcoming of Commons 1.x.
I got your pain buddy.
Wow s/o to al of my new follower glad to have you
because of conformation , it sucked tho lol
Second tardy of the year..
Watching 'Luxury Million(z) Dollar Planes' on the Travel Channel. Incredible how much ppl spend on customizing their rides.
WHAT’S YOU SPORTS DRINK? Wanted to share one I found yesterday…there are different ones whether appetite control, energy etc. No artificial…
Look at this vato.
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. -Christopher Columbus
Yeah! Oh, believe me I have tried to work this out from the inside then I finaly realized I need to move on with my life
Our Mind controls everything we do! Get in control of your life by getting in control of your Mind! Coach Terry
girl im on!
what am i going to get myself into today?.....oh man!
With this tan I look Mexican...
Book signing Sold-out today ..Success On God's Terms.. to God be the Glory!!!
This time tomorrow, we will be soaking up the sun in Sobe :) I can't wait to play tour guide for you baby!!!!
have you posted part 9?
Taking 9 squealing girls to the movies (1 is mom) for a B-day. The joys if being dad.
good to meet you tonight. Enjoy Ur night
Going to wash my hair later tonight and crohet my hair tomorrow. Don't forget to look me up on facebook for new handmade ponytail holders!
Pls bring me a sandwich before spanish class
Simple language = clear message (usually)
The simplest meals are the best. Chicken & veggies, beef & veggies, or fish and veggies. You can't go wrong. No spices, just simple love!
will u pls follow me?? I have been trying since the second week of ABDC
Am trying to make you mine
Are you interested in selling your art? Foxmeadow Equestrian Estates 1st Spring Festival, Email for more info.
Listening to new album from It's a nostalgic, late 70s/early 80s pop sound. Sounds like playing with my dad's 8-tracks.
Me without Austin? Its like facebook without friends, YouTube without videos, Google without results and Twitter without tweets.♥
It's my life, I'm going to do whatever I want, Talk about me all you want , You ain't got nothing on me ^.^
I deaxnk a lot more than I thought I was lol
I think it's so weird how my real mom and my step-mom have the same name and at one point had the same last name.
your mercy is unparalleled ;)
Don't forget.....Celestial Steakhouse Happy Hour Monday – Friday 4:00 p.m. – 6:30 p.m. Drinks: $ 3.50 Well Drinks $ 2.75 Domestic Beer..
PPR question-- Stevie Johnson or Denarius Moore?
you just reached a new level of boss my friend
no Brewers game? It's a good one!
Does the passion in your words lack the validity and which to make them/it relevant?
#RUDYS IM SICK OF PAYING 4 EXTRA SEASONING N U STILL DNT PUT THE SE
possibly entire movement again. Fortunately, I've yet to be in this situation in concert.
That is the assessment and it's quantitative. Learning is much more qualitatively deep than mere test scores might suggest.
yea....I thought you might have came out, but my cell died & I couldn't hit you up. Did you go?
You guys are some highlarious motherfucker
#isastc rest and recovery is a critical part of creativity, empathy, and compassion
Why am I just now discovering polyvore?
Yoga and writing a feature film. Both things I don't know how to do but doing it anyway.
thanks for the follow advice. And not yet Friday!
How exactly is Blackburn a "giant" ?
Toast away the week with Cazadores here @ DISH! Cazadores Reposado will b offering complimentary cocktails 2nite 9-11pm! Come have some fun!
P.S. we really should get together sometime. Holler the next time you're around and free?
"Do you know where any light switches are?" "No. Dont you work here?" "they pay me.."
I'm naming this proposal Hoarders. Because this woman is making it a fucking mess and probably has a cat skeleton graphic somewhere...
Awesome! Congrats!!! I'm going up there in June but just to visit for now :) Where is your internship at?
awe anderson! Now you know that's a sad movie!
Only my dad and cousins would be talking about the asshole test at dinner -_-
I'm glad to see your going for the correct team!!
It's a great day to be a #Badgers fan!
we have a tool for your commercial realtors to find out if there is an environmental risk early instead of waiting!
i dont want to leave me in june :(
I get the same feeling! They're like "oh, I just guessed!" -___-
eek! where were you going?
Thanks! I'm following war's historical timeline - few more yrs to go. In VA soon, we should link up w/ & beers.
Your whole life waiting for a ring to prove you're not alone.
Everything is installed... cord is new. Drive is new.
you might be broke if... you have more Victoria's Secret free underwear cards in your wallet than cash & credit cards combined.
omg I wish I could join you right now
If you go there will be trouble...
Reading Tip: If you buy a book solely on the cover design, you do know the illustrator and writer usually don’t know each other, right?
For shame indeed. I have not been on Twitter as of late, but I hope to remedy this forthwith.
no, didn't miss anything but Pete got his ass whooped!!!! 😜
momma why did i forget i got family coming this weekend and my moms bday party on sat!
Zombies! Hell yes! I'm happy!
When Bynum grows out his fro, I wonder if will let his hair grow longer and then get a perm?
I didn't know when you buy paint at the store they go through a whole process & mix it there for you. How inconvenient
RT if u awake
Today is All Saints Day. We honor saints that are know to all and those known only to God.
aw....misguided I see. Lol.
Me too poor Harry. Harry 💜
yeah, you don't remember?
New duck recipe for mother's day.
that's like saying he won't suck a dick but he will hold one in his mouth for a minute. Wth?
BEFORE EVER AFTER?
sounds bueno to me! I have a salad in the fridge anyway
That one hurt a little.
your a butt head lol
great day to be alive...
If people don't talk about you behind their back, do they really care about you?
Thanks! Glad you found it useful. Any other topics you'd like to hear about in #PhxFocus? We're open to suggestions.
Although, for my part, someone is probably tweeting: "It's 2012 and someone is still putting 'Hang on Sloopy" on the jukebox'"
When your WHY is strong enough the HOW takes care of itself.
In old days books were written by men of letters and read by the public. Nowadays books are written by the public and read by nobody.
Some people get angry way to easily. Its aggravating!
Thank you for that! HAPPY WEEKEND! :D (Oh, is it ever an exclamation-y morning!)
thanks. just doing my part.
its on the website but i mite go on the 7th n jus go wit u on da 21th
I want freedom
I love love me by
haha, just went with my all-time favorite. "Only run 6 plays"...
Just cause she talks to someone else doesn't mean she don't think about you .
Every little girl came up to me saying hi. :o
Does the fact that you have never done something increase it's appeal?
c': i know. im not complaining </3 but it's been forever
who's speaking? (I used to work on the DocSouth project -- so this topic is near and dear to me!)
What should I do tonight... hrm
I just pray that your not still giving permanent emotions to temporary people.
“A wealth of knowledge is like a sea of opportunities”, Race Cummings.
Still in class? Awake?
Can anyone suggest a strong keyword discovery tool? Looking to expand into a new market and need solid research.
Me too!
coordinating. SPAR, CELDT TAG, STAR/CAHSEE TAG. aphabet soup much?
teaching is about making the material fun and relevant
Just realized never called me about UNT parties....
#RnBThrowBacks : Trey Songz : Just Gotta Make It
Enjoyed the #lostfinale last night. Very entertaining show. Sad to see it go.
Exactly!!! Its cute when he says swaggie!(: lol
Just send out my picture book manuscript about my facility/service dog Peanut. Hope I get some feedback --
RT i'm on the imagination diet
I sure hope not lol unless they get either Clayborn or Kahlil I could live with either of them
Is it really happening?! I've been joking about it with my friend, and we want a campaign a la Betty White and SNL.
i already am(:
Bynum need a hair cut.
There are no two sweeter words in the American/Candadian language.... Game Seven!!!! GO LIGHTNING!!!
The reinstated Cold War based off the which country produces the best beer..start your livers!
I don't believe shit Dillon says ever!
Will do. I may have free time on the weekend (May 19th or 20th) during the day.
Good & bad technologies for development bit.ly/oCkDIL MT #ict4d (also see link in comments re: EWB failure reports)
i believe he did for a min, but those yrs were beyond a blur... but notice he hasn't commented back.
“: Spicy tuna sushi roll with 2006 Blanc de Blancs makes everything even better!” Sounds delish! Enjoy
Actions are conversions, never forget it. Subscribe to RSS, PM people, act interested.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 59F FAIR
Scott Walker really stands out against the white backdrop of his ads, not unlike a tarantula on a piece of angel food cake.
#HappyBirthdayMamaSanders I hope it's amazing!!
Dude! Getting round to replying to your email. Cuts all over place including corporate. Swung by branch today--nothing changes.
"It's complicated when you gravitate towards yourself on the other hand it's hard to talk to anyone else"
Gorgeous, all three of you! :)
Roses are red, Violets are blue, here's 20% off our Valentine's Picks just for you!
Awh. I was hoping you guys found friendship.
RT : If you could add one thing to your smartphone, what would it be? <-Me: Smartness
loving my life
good morning Alex(:
Bought book entitled, "Good Boss, Bad Boss" by Robert Sutton. Has lessons for principals re: how to retain good teachers.
Don't let fear of success stall you from movement or momentum.
I love to transform everyday comfortable things in the most luxurious in the world.
I had it Bertucci's SO good and Very affordable! $4? YUM! Can make tons of it fresh at home-really simple
Forcing myself to eat
Thanks for the tweet about BrdsNBz!
Mini-marathon done! Boom. I just finished a 13.3 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
A true man does not promise, he commits. A true lady does not demand, she thanks.
This month is our 5th anniversary! Valana Minerals is 5 years old. How should we celebrate? Got any celebration ideas?
Its in bad taste if I'm only interested in being FB friends now because they just got arrested for doing a shitload of drugs on the job.
See ya later Lakers
Awesome time at Sig. Chefs w/ Now off to w/
Happy jive ass turkey day!!
bleh. maybe some cous cous, the food so nice they named it twice. so pumped that i bought the emperors new groove just now btw
sit at my boy house play the game and tweet you :)
Running out of belt holes on my belt, and its the good way
I love it as well! :)
heheh (; or i stalk austin's lifee
Yes, we'll be there! Looking forward to a great event!
same to you :)
Yeah, at the beach.
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<36
Your boobs look huge
That will have to wait until I get my new Mac next month :)
lmao you know they can't. Idk why they even try, it's pathetic and makes me mad lol
What is people
Hahahahahaha! Honestly, it was fucking hilarious. Sick all over the sofa!
Running better than ever - even in the Arizona summer. Let's go!
thanks! worth the time to build or acquire.
i can't recommend reading the 80's X-Factor run highly enough. it's just right.
it's kinda far from there.
Put the ball in Kobe's hands
Shooting today ://instagr.am/p/JaljQ6BPR-/
Yeah its all about believin, full steam ahead because I know the worst times are behind me.
I just like the explanation of the "thousand tiny cuts" - it's easy to ignore someone commenting on your chest size.
You too! Always welcome to stop by.
Kid: I left my card at home, can I get on computer? Me: No. Later, same kid: Did I leave my card here? Me: I don't see it. Kid: Can I Me: No
Wow, Bubba Watson thanked Jesus and was just about to go into an Easter speech and the video feed went out.
I know! Everything that's going on is all lies. The Mariah thing, the interview. It's just all really annoying and rude!
I'm having a club dance party in my car while we r waiting to go in for physical therapy hahah fuck you army!
Thank you! RT : America Recycles Day 2011! | RecycledPromos.com
I'm ready for Mr. Right to come in my life. Sick of the immature lame guys, I needa man.
You're welcome Sharon; As you know, it's all about networking, and sharing information.
Would love to get a count on the BMWs, cigars and bow ties among the douchebags at the
Pie! And Maria from Sesame Street!
what u gon rap or sing or talk shit or hum or cough or...
missing my administrative rights on my newly reimaged computer. Thank goodness help is on the way!
totally agree. We use Facebook for everything with our group. Gotta go where the students are hanging out online!
Oh, and GM results were finally revealed. David Fritzson will be General Manager of SFR next year.
I will certainly try. I wish you all the best. BLB says GL too!
Let's get three today #SportingKC. When asked, I replied "I believe that we will win." And if not, a rope, a tree to hang the referee.
I am proud to be God's child... Thank you Jesus
thanks man! Solid advice!
Sleepwalking RT “: I don't know I'm just as baffled as you”
Wish I woulda had time to get a pic. Oh well, back to work
New business models depending on new cloud technologies. Daniel Pink's "new MBA is the MFA"
Attention all rodeo riders, pick-up truck drivers and city dwelling mud sliders.. Sunday is Mother's Day !
Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner.~Lao-Tzu~
it was the first night! :/ I passed out as soon as I got home, so much for "laying down for 10 mins". Just woke up so going to
Nail art storms the runway
Honcho lifestyle tip #17 - A honcho sister is hard to find and it's up to the Honcho Brothers to find them. Until then..
i wish i can come meet you!!:) hope one day i can.
Good a Shit broRT Tonight was fuckibg great. #goodfuckinnight I'm gonna miss north park this summer...
It's me against the world, and the world is winning
Great time yesterday! Enjoy
Dean's is rocking some throwback Beck during load-in. Great way to start off the night!
LMFAOO!! Oh dear lord!
I know some of you had to of taken pictures with/of pat recently!! Be part of the scrapbook!! Send them to (:
lol i was never hitting on her lol do u really think i would try to mess around with one of my friends sisters nah nigga
Hornswoggle looks funny in that
Chain Reaction in Anaheim CA. TONIGHT! Doors at 7. Get there and lets do weird stuff.
I vote that we get the goon squad together and go to a pirates game!(:
Cause I Was Like Fuck You And Fuck Him Too!
Mario needs to do a mixtape so he can show boys he can sang the paint off the walls
i seriously cant anymore.
I had to look that up, although apparently it was "the social media trial of the century".
who wanna be my backbone , every nigga need ah spine .
Madonna halftime show "Like" it if you loved it
Gotta be..gotta be....
Would be hilarious if we allowed you to keep Braun and then MLB won a second appeal. Debating letting you just to see this happen.
Can #prom just come now so I can stop stressing about it...
for you, of course
Go Red Health Expo at Macy's downtown on 2/3, 11am - 1:30pm! Free health screenings, massage, cooking demos, fitness experts and more!
Thanks for the #FF mention :)
who in the admin?
:) It's almost 2 am :) & I'm still writing this paper :) I hope the overuse of smiley faces demonstrate my feelings right now :) :) :)
“: As an #Aquarius, Often you are not aware of your feelings until it is too late.”
stealing my quotes now? Okay.
#traveltip in order to get your carryon with you on your flight you better board early!
I love this weather. When I get to stay inside.
Argh, no. I'm sorry. Take my kids to school at that hour. 8, I could--but sounds like that's too late.
Right during heart of rush hour, Caltrans to close fast lane on Hwy 78 near El Camino Real; sinkhole the culprit
I'm obsessed with hair & make up.
I haven't still waiting, its good that u got urs =)
TY for the #ff mention. Have a great weekend!
Firm takes on Apple, Google, over voice patent
bad,'bout to give up
“: #Celtics Rivers: 'I told our guys Philly is Atlanta on steroids.' #Sixers”.
I went out for a taco and now I'm missing #SOTU. Ach!!!
i'm faded, faded, faded ✌✌
You were fighting the true war on terrorism. God I think that's insensitive.
got you! And I liked the video
Yes, saw that too. MT : A7. I was/am resentful biz came to that. Made me both more conservative & innovative.
my dad (not otherwise a sports fan) won a bet with his Boston cousin. lol.
Im runnin threw a check
Focus on where you want to go, makes you think you can do it not where your currently are. - Yusuf Tara
That's probably the main thing I've missed about twitter...dumb ass ppl..lmao
OK HACKER
My Day Off Today No Drama No Bullshit #GreatDay!
Why is it that boogers dont smell while they are in your nose but when you remove em they sometimes smell once they are outside the nostril?
thanks loves the feedback!
give me a follow, ill follow in return
Make more margin on your merch. Let us bundle your CDs, t-shirts & posters so you can pocket more $$ at the venue. It's what we do.
you ever feel odd & out of place being a black girl from the swside & having a daddy that like does shit n shit
they scissor more females and put dildos in their vajayjays for recreation
haha yes!!:D I really like you your so sweet and nice!!:)
"Things do not change; we change." ~ Henry Thoreau
Ate a cookie at 11am... gave up pretty early today.
Excellent! Will do. :)
you home?
QoTD: "That which we obtain too easily, we esteem too lightly." (Thomas Paine)
Terrific acapella group, Late Entry, entertains #AccessSportsAuction attendees.
With having a girls night. Going surfing tomorrow and finishing my video from
"Why would you be that person"
YOU KNOCK SOMEONE UP?!
On my ride home by the harbor, all I saw were Yankees fans. That certainly hasn't changed with the current team success.
I will come soon, I promise!
flashback friday
uh, ok
RT : RT : #Ohio efforts to create more #college graduates promoted & praised at event:...
I saw a bank sign that read 96 I think! Or maybe that was 2010. It's all a blur.
math final today. Just gotta get through this and then I can relax!
Wish I can lay out with its so gorgeous out! instead :/ lol
are you cape Verdean
HOUSTON - 7pm at RICE, 8pm Food Not Bombs, 9:30 Avant Garden. Houston YOU have a lot of cool options for a MONDAY night!!
I join millions of Americans in our #GreatDebate- there is too much corporate ownership in our lives. Corps not people.
intensive aphasia tx- no one talks about the neuroplastic changes in therapists causing them to improve their performance
It's no problem of mine but it's a problem I find, Living a life that I can't leave behind.
Headed to Florida tomorrow... "The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page." - St. Augustine.
can you use your ipod until i go to work?!
The band before us has R Patts as their drummer. I'm scared he's going to suck my blood
Come on kid. Your team is puss/ caps will own
Ben Folds Five just came up on shuffle on my iPod, looking forward to their "comeback" album and hopefully some more tour dates
Life will go on either way. Hugs to you.
Happy Friday, all! Do you have any plans for this weekend?
WOMAN: The most efficient money reducing agent known to man-kind!
we need to coordinate schedules better. Add me to your Google calendar!
lol i swear he is sometimes! hes crazy
remember Jeremiah's girlfriend Miss Muffet? She was pretty good with curds. And whey.
What Dylan just said >>>
haha, we'll let her know!
Lmfaooooo bri is a chocolate teddy gram
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: have been extremely nice as of last. Way better then their bad start
How about a P2P system where mappings are added automatically after being looked-up by users (seamlessly via their daily internet usage)?
Likewise! Hopefully we'll see you around again!
Europe is overrated. Even agrees, and he knows everything
It's cold in South Florida. I don't own winter clothes. Left them in MN years ago! Temp in the 30s & 40s....that's freezing for us!
Good luck and best wishes on your upcoming big day!
I've been up for twenty hours and had four hours of sleep.
I just joined , so it's hard 2 tell yet. But I think it's super helpful for freelancers wanting to learn the field.
what is jack manning getting into now?
Switzerland dodges that bullet! >RT "Bachmann withdraws her Swiss citizenship to make 'perfectly clear' her love for America"
going to dance! :)
u wanna cry what's wrong?
she has never climbed across a table and smacked anyone. So she is good with me
If you’re going to use social media for customer service, mirror your hours of operation on Twitter to the hours of your support team.
boobiana grande is still trending! RT for your New York fans!! :)
Man that shit was sour af
“: don't watch the Today Show. It'll Rot your brain. #momsruleTODAY”
Just spoke to Sue C, fighting the good fight in PA. Waiting for start of session on special needs dog rehab & adoption at #nokill conference
not so much, yo.
I'd like to go bobsledding once in my life
Happy International Women's Day!
thanks for including my post in the Network Marketing Daily. bit.ly/h2SB5y
To all you lovers out there, they're going on a summer tour! See you guys in
So awesome that Romar is incorporating a trip to Aziz's hometown during the Huskies' summer trip.
oh wow lol so cool
Might look at a different marketing plan. I had that ice cream in the early 90s.
hell yea
d^_^b
Sure is!
happy to help Pops
1954- The U.S. Air Force Academy was established at Colorado Springs.
Happy Veteran's Day! All Veterans get a FREE doughnut of choice today with Military ID. Thank you for all you've done for our country!
That promo was fantastic. (Shocking, I know)
is creeped out.
Hey Monina, hope all is well. You should consider adding a calendar to your site
Dukes calls my music "brinca brinca music" lmao she hates 2chainz :p
Your elected officials get paid a salary, your teachers...so I'm not authentic if I take part-time pay? Really? *side eye*
Cool. I will swing by
Thanks for the follow!(:
sounds delicious!! Good seeing you again, im sure first of many...also looking fwd to reading your review!
I just don't get it. When Rajon can get to the hoop anytime he wants, why doesn't Doc give him the green light...?
They bout to be real they still got a mean defense all they needed was offense they should be one of the best squads
U.S. Stocks held modest gains Friday, thanks to a better-than-expected consumer sentiment report, reversing an initial drop at the open
_kid best mentors ever
Today has been insane. I need sleep pronto.
LITTLE BOYS ain't worth it
oh lmfao i bet! I think we should go like after graduation(:
Could you make one for Claire she's not doing to good right now.. If u read the other tweets u will know why
I like his hat
where did you get that!?
will the international culture summit be open to your members?
Only the cool kids have haters...
First time in H&M and not impressed rly, clothes too cheap
Oh that's good...I'm so stealing that idea from you.
I love Mohawk Bend! I know you had fun.
If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you. ~ Jim Rohn
Good for you! It's only a matter of time before that $ starts rolling in for school :)
I've been great! <3 how about you?
No, I can't. When it first came on it was loud and very clear and when he officially started the sound left.
I wanna c the hunger games :/. Anyone know if its good?
It's pigeon mating season so they look and act extra ridiculous.
All I really want to do is sleep. And, not worry about anything. But, that wont happen for awhile .
I miss you more!!
All of the Coke commercials are making me happy. B5 doesn't get any love anymore. Especially the 3rd movement.
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....I. only taking good care of some very few REAL friends of mine :-) :-) :-)
Special child
Facebook, please don't ruin Instagram... Thanks 👍 -
“Father, I am seeking: I am hesitant and uncertain, but will you, O God, watch over each step of mine, and guide me?” -St. Augustine
Off from work but still working...
It is that time of Birthday time
Experiment w/ in-class ?s for Adv. Res. Techs went well. Qualtrics displayed students' responses instantly.
If there's a cure for duckface, I'm betting it would be a good education.
I think your tweets are great. It was just like being there.
ha ha RT : a fairy dies every time someone signs up for automated paper.li type apps.. ;(
if you only focus on where you've been well then, you know how the story ends...
Don't forget to watch/dvr Jimmy Kimmel tonight, Anthony Davis will be on his show!
Look at Microsoft's Imagine Cup if you want to see student power
Wise words, Seb. Wise words.
“: Nothing can bring you down when you're #SkyHigh”
Waiting for to come home and see the glorious hole I put in his memory foam
"Technology is easy compared to people" -
That's what I want too. But if not the Pacers, then definitely Sixers! I can't handle another finals with ego filled teams.
thx for the follow, helpful financial site to find the best banking, mortgage, and insurance rates
has an amazing voice to♥(:
I'm pretty sure is a Disney princess.. its weird
love that club:)
RT A Jeremy Lin rookie card did sell for $21,580 today. Frame of reference? Most valuable MJ rookie sold in '09 for $82,000.
Ok, me and the other members of the band were thinking long and hard about this. We decided to do a music video/cover video contest.
Logan Seems Oddly Excited... Hhhmmmmm XD
Absolutely! From anywhere in this great city,as short or as far as you want to go! Low rates, low waits! 24/7 (206)722-7696
I'm swoll you ain't over here with us
Witness: From Dec. 2004 to Jan. 2008, Lally and Dimasi's phones contacted each other 86 times.
don't worry you & can come up every weekend to stay with me!
thank you for answering. You are the Best! Get those wahoos!
Could it become your dissertation? 2 birds, one stone, all that.
Nice work in Columbus. Good luck and have fun. Hope you get a chance to hit up Irving's Bagels this morning.
Just want to go home and sleep
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 33
ahh so excited to see at even tho he's not performing till sunday but at least lolla is tomorrow!
finna get me some shrimp :) and follow me back doe !
thanks for the SHOUT OUT!! ♥ Aoede ♪♫
WOW! On December 30th, I was named by the Daily Transcript among "San Diego's Top Influentials for 2011". Stay tuned for more in 2012...
what a crazy game!!
I's approach to #RDA seems to be support status quo, accept RDA records in system, but not using data in new ways yet
We're closer than you think(;
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Partly cloudy. Lows in the mid 50s.
so doesn't ever tweet back :'(
tweeps who were not U.S. historians routinely went abroad for their archives
I love #planetearth.let's go to Borneo!... or Israel
Says it all... RT : This is why we love our Dan.
Our pumpkin is growing a black mold on it. Good thing the design I carved was Darth Vader. Nailed it!
Just doing some follow up. Were you able to check the email? hope all is well!
Yayyy(: so then..we haven't hung out.
When will the realize just because Joey Crawford has an attitude and has been around forever, it doesn't make him one of their best?
awesome thanks for the info
that's fine. You'll learn.
•In the US, about 280 million turkeys are sold for the Thanksgiving celebrations
Bout to have a fun day at church :) #HappyMothersDay :):)
Its gametime, and for the last time in the regular season the lakers are in town... GO SPURS GO
foh nigga you rape your own mans in the butt.
yes tomorrows friday
You put together an interesting list. Props for King Buzzo & Dylan Carlson. I'm curious though, why Gossard but no McCready?
Spectacular! Thanks for sharing.
Errands before work today, my #libday7 is off to a delayed start...
Today's run along the beach was so beautiful. 1.5 hour drive was totally worth it for the water, the sand, and the date with my love.
cobra is so deadly that one gram of it
Music video shoot for Are You Gonna' Be My Girl and Sixteen Saltines Friday and Saturday with Joseph and Lozada. We need you :3
Man oh man where did this year go?
Tip i just want a plate before i leave ok bye! Lol
thx! And good to see u here too! Hope you are doing well!
I just thought of the cutest name for my future son
Badgers are making a run vs OSU on BTN. I hope they can pull it off!
And we miss you too!! Maybe you can pay us a visit soon?
Watching the Knicks these last couple weeks, it's amazing how much more open the floor is without Amare. Melo's elbow isos have benefited.
Im Liking The ICON Cristiano Ronaldo ;D
Just got home and saw that got verified finally, congrats Austin words don't even describe how proud we are of you :)
I had to find out the hard way that pimpin' is in fact not easy.
Is Zachy G still alive? Can I get a feature on my rap album from Zachy G?
We'd love to provide your breakfast tomorrow. We serve fried egg sandwiches, puns, and wordplay.
I LOVE U!
#Happy #Mother's Day! Para toda las mamas de #Mexico! Our #Mexican mothers, deje el trabajo, valle a festejar! Take a day off, celebrate!
are you working with ?
I am never completely full..
Has ur company done any special events n Atlanta? If not lets talk, perhaps my organization can help set something up.
Love is everywhere present always, just open your heart to receive it. Happy Valentines Day!
thank you so much!!:DD
Did u know? In 1938 some composers & arrangers writing music 4 movies, dissatisfied w/ lack of appreciation for their efforts, formed ASMAC!
The race. 39.3 is fun! 42.4 (add the 5K on Friday) is just plain Dopey! :-)
thanks for RT's at #SFIMA event
And He Got Me Thinking!
Amen! can you tell this Kanye; he just doesn't get it.
Were giving away a free iPad to one random user who joins this month(ends 8/31/11). Retweet and let your friends know! Drawing on 9/5/11
Gettin a flattop.
On cup #2. Cheers man! RT I raise my cup of coffee to you! Good Man! In the same boat!
also . . . hello again!
Taylor Swift shreds
Omg. started singing that song from Willy Wonka LOL
Happy Birthday to Khyla from
If you love it, fight for it.
I know those days! I just realized this morning at 5am that I was flying to Kansas City MO and not Kansas City Kansas!
Justin is my rauhl model. And no, I didn't just spell "role" wrong.
IMPORTANT: BROKEN CROWN'S RED SKY SHOWCASE WILL BE SATURDAY, JULY 2ND AT CHROME LOUNGE!!! THE Reader mixed up the days.
Just got home. Its been a wild weekend. I feel like I been filming forever!!! Back to work tomorrow,Memphis this weekend!!! I need sleep!
okay, got it! Thanks. I hate to admit I don't do regular TV, but that would be why I was out of the loop! lol
The study of history is the beginning of political wisdom.
Haha we need to have a sesh!!
Thank you Community Associations Institute!! Had a great breakfast and learned alot. Great organization... www.caiwestflorida.org
I will probably always love but it is time to move on! </3
I don't give a fuck, SPAAMMING MOTHERFUCKER. Eat your mommas pussy -.-
Why is Hannah Montana the Movie trending?!
Scott Gordon's club in overtime against Kazakhstan.
Let him go Drew Gooden ! My money is on in a fight with Zaza Pachulia.
Hey Jill, it will still be Nicollet Pothole :) We are happy to hear it's being fixed though!
Is your love for the Lord sufficient to give all your time and talents to his work?
Throw it up in the air, shake like you dont care, go ahead work it out now !!!!
My boy is looking good tonight... FINALLY!!!!!!!
Need more followers!!!!
It's Friday. I'm optimistic that we can make it through the weekend without another rash of violence.
Don't let, "I've never done that before," stop you from doing something new. Everything you've done in the past was once in this category.
yay pizza pin!!!!!
Happy holidays
totally not fair that got kicked off of the show because of stupid vinny!
‎1 Corinthians 5, "...love holds no record of wrongs."
see now that's what I'm talking about :) no excuses lol ;)
If you're at MMEA this weekend, don't forget to stop by our booth to say hello!
4/20/12 ya i going to smoke with my teachers
awesome thats exactly the info i needed ;-))
Dude, it's Metta World PEACE and he's a bad man!
Came home worked out and i passed out now i woke up and can't go back to sleep FML!!!
Speaking of Depressed Colleen, looks like my attempt at fence-mending was successful. That should make her feel better. :-)
The word of the day is: "Darkle" which, naturally, has the first example citing an excerpt from a Dean Koontz novella.
Head to head match ups don't tell you who is the better QB.
More taxpayers are choosing direct deposit as the way to receive their federal tax refunds.
Grape Stomp 09 results: 5th in heat. But from the new stomping perspective, I have new ideas for next year. Will see how Dad and Brian do.
Super seven Lauri! Great job! Have fun at W&D!!
#MaytheForcebewithYou ! The Force will be with NASA...always
#GirlsThoughtsDuringSex? "Im getting my nails done." "Tampons"
Hi all..just poped in...Popin back out........stay immaculate....and Shine on..!
San Diego! DJ All Nite tonight so roll thru!
thanks for the follow enjoy your day today
That's great to hear! How's the weather on your end? :P
nah, that's not weird. except the bit about maalox.... that might be a little weird. But who's keepin track anyways.
The Cupertino Starbucks put in a Clover machine. Aside from the burnt beans, a decent cup of coffee. Don't drink it at 5pm, though.
I'm praying that God will change your attitude and language.
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (4)
Pats are less than 4 minutes away from the Super Bowl..
All the cool kids go to BBC on north ave for dollar PBRs on wednesdays. how cool are you?
broke my hands I can only use mouth
exactly and his wife has a say and has told everyone she wants to stay. He's not leaving
Afternoon races are starting at 2:20 with 6min centers
Happy Mother's Day!!
sweet! you should def come talk to us over there :)
tomorrow's gonna be the longest friday ever..
yeah cause im just this little 16 year old gurl who is shy and quiet. i mean no harm or trouble
Moderate profits fill the handbag.
says I need permission. I just requested so.
and tell him he needs to get a twitter account ;-)
i'm soo happy (:
like This Providence may be my favorite band, but Mae is the band that really got me going with guitar. they sound amazing!
No! Not California Dreaming! Sing Hold On, ladies!
Get a good relaxing massage for the stressful holidays for only $35. call/ text 719-201-7640 for apt. located in colorado springs.
Crowd chants "Whose port? Our Port" accompanied by a brass band as they file into the Port Of Oakland
I got to check out the High Museum several years ago. It was great! Thx for your tips...
:: Five doubles/doppelgangers.
rock climbing at Rockquest at 6pm. Transportation available for first 11 students to meet in Seton Lobby at 5pm.
Yes, you should come to NM. Highlight ? Too many to count!
He played it the first time I saw him. It was incredible.
uhh all I know is it's off panama Ln From the 99 ha
Life is more than anticipation
omg really?? Should i delete them? I didn't mean for them to be either of that
just throw my bracket in the damn garbage!
SMOSH Set to Launch YouTube Original Content Channel Shut Up! Cartoons April 30 With Stellar Roster of Irreverent ...
NEEDED a Flash designer for simple conversion project next week. If you're interested, send me a DM.
I'm for breakfast with the artists. just walked in
yo you guys sharing a feta cheese pizza right now ?
Sting Pong all day long!
good morn love
California-wiz k
Great meal at Frantzén/Lindeberg tonight in Stockholm. Also enjoyed a great lunch at Dahlgrens.
omfg one direction put me in such a better mood christ
||Ukraine|| give me some cool music to listen to)
Seems like every bug in my game will pop up at some point when I'm trying to capture gameplay footage, got an unexpected QA pass out of this
trying to help the passenger next to me - he's bumming - currently on #4930 to DTW and trying to make connection in DTW to BWI
Whats the difference between a virgin and a washing machine? The washing machine doesnt follow u for two weeks after dumping a load in it!,
Give Evan some slack and let Lou walk is a good start IMHO
give or take a few years ;)
#Music is what feelings sound like. ~Author Unknown
another snow teaser headed our way
How many of you are filling out brackets this morning?
Ahead of the Bell: Budget Deficit
goes to HAM
You bet. If you ever find yourself coming to Portland, OR let me know. Open invite to visit with my class.
THIS SONG IS AMAZING. #SaySomethin <33333333333
Caller - "Stupid TV news. The groundhog said there would be six more weeks of winter so get over it and cover some real news"
what is set up?
S/o to the homie !! What's good bro!!!?
... U R such a SICKO, congrats on another win.
I used to believe that Ppl were born good until something life changing happened to them. Then I realized Sharks are born swimming..
Let me know when you'll be at !
just finished reading #thehungergames so good!!!
Harry Potter weekend... Greatest excuse not to leave the house
Eh is right, especially if Sale's elbow becomes more serious.
Only would say this - Pretty sure I've said 90% of the things on this list.
Look at the date. This was tweeted first.
speeds ahead with buy of rival ITIS, looks to reduce global traffic congestion - GeekWire
Spring is the season of optimism.
Please pray for Ryan Smoot's mother who had a stroke and isn't doing very well.
Truth is I miss You!
so far we are still still healthy...
happy birthday, Coach Booker!
Its this dude that like me and we were texting, and everytime we text i always almost called him my bae
“: It sure looked like it RT : Is that true. Did Chrysler Detroit ad show Madison protests?”gave me goose bumps
I'm trying to be proactive&reach out. Scheduling the time in my calendar
totally not my combo but hey it's & im going to San Antonio too!(: kbye. (:
Men are lying pigs.
Adobe should simplify product line to 4 products: Adobe Design, Adobe Dev, Adobe Motion, Adobe Sound. (via )
well im still in texas right now but im trying to head out to da beach around da 6th nd stay there for about a week
2 chainz concert tonight lets get it
"Astros just beat the cardinals! I gotta tweet that" - lol
As always, thank you so much and have a wonderful week!!
bryan finally put up the interview THANK GOD
A productive ass day.! Lets get it
Hippos are fierce creatures.
haha want some?
Great post, but shouldn't the title be, "How well does advocacy work?"
RIP Maurice Sendak. Thanks for a cool book and a relatively underrated movie based on that book.
Don't say "Put the dog down," why don't you say what you mean? "Go ahead a kill your dog because he has behavior problems"
Thank you. I am following you also
what's a gal gotta do to get a frogsuit?
VCMG is AWESOME! Sounds like the golden era of techno! Can't wait for the full release. If you rub your eyes hard enough, you'll see lights!
NP ...nice to meet ya!
Where are you?!
My life would b so much more peaceful if I didn't live under a unruly 4yr old...smdh
Patron driven acquisitions a big topic today
#iwannaknowwhy evrybody think they got some damn haterz... ppl ask ur self- "am I worth hating on?"- most likely not. Lol. W.O.R.D.
"Good acting is being private in public." - Diane Hardin
thank you! will get those emails to you asap.
I'm so sleepy!!
I've yelled at like 6perves so far! I needed you!
you arent cool if you say #YOLO its all about the #YOYO!
Do you have any questions about Permanent Makeup? Please feel free to ask!
looking forward to walking with you!
HAHA He is hot. I wouldn't throw him out of bed. Just saying. haha
thank you for the #FF!
the bitches who are now making get a different one. fuck off
definitely! i have my "home visit" at 530 so it will be on my mind.
I am standing in line at with a guy who keeps calling me "dude"
oh Linda thank you!! You have long been an amazing source of inspiration that means a lot!
girl, you have no idea
No, it still won't make sense!
is amazing<3
New Years resolution 2012..Unfollow people who don't follow!!
to be a star ya gotta bang bang bang
My book has been officially assigned an isbn and submitted to Apple. Adding published author to my resume and starting my next book tonight!
Huge result for Wigan. Sounds like the announcers for that game didn't take a breath for the last 10 minutes
After thinking about it, I agree! I'll be able to enjoy the rest of the conference without worrying about my presentation.
Im on that tip bitch
-- Love what you guys are doing with Yoke. Was talking to some VC friends in DC about this concept a few weeks ago!
miller park
ALL TEENS! THIS SUNDAY THE BIGGEST LABOR DAY BASH IS AT KRAVE NIGHT CLUB! CHALIE BOY PERFORMING LIVE!
This movie is dangerously close to "so bad it's good" level.
Come by the Comcast Call Center in Plymouth today from 12-4pm and check out the 2012 Grand Prix IndyCar!
I hate talking about it , but it's better that I do .
Just finished emailing access printing, , and about carrying Cavities Zine. Denver local goes national!
you could put pieces of the tape upside down on the table so when the cat jumps up there it gets tape stuck on its paws
that's an accomplishment in my book. :) there should be like merit badges.
Just found out that the SHOW tonight is FREE! you just have to pay to get in the theater.
Bad news on the auto insurance front...
I want ice cream!! Haha I just made peanut butter cookies. Trade off? :D
I am considering moving to Alaska in August... do you have any words of wisdom?
At "Lime" with and
I need a new hair brush .... Let's just say it doesn't look to good....
LOOKING FOR MUSICIANS FOR RECORDING SESSIONS TO START NEXT MONTH
BAHAHAH You're RIGHT. Its a conspiracy
Watching Captain America
How did Trey Lyles look?
effer. dlafjalf. Mouth guards are painful
Who has some moving tips for us?!
Current IPOD playlist includes Rise Against-Re-education through labor Gotye- Somebody I used to know The Wanted- So glad you came
If your an artist send me a link to some of your work i'll peep it and give an honest opinion.
#Lastdayof2011 family lunch at Olive Garden. Yum.
a plague on both their houses--the Birthers and the republicans!
It was going ok until she started talking about her family in Korea and started singing about fruit and connecting it to religion.O.O
What doesn't kill u makes you stronger
never that :)
maybe they're just afraid to be hit by a man that comes in at 6'7" 230...
Bust a nut smoke a blunt .
Varus - League of Legends - skins
So happy to hear we could help, keep on listening! Thank you
! Hi Chris!! I hope you are having a great day!!!!
I will be in paris earlier, entire trip is about a week: paris 6/4 then london 6/7th, then back to SF
u so sexy prod
Haha that's usually the case around here too. Just lucked out this morning!
Wait ohyeahhe died yesterday, BUT WHY DID NOBODY TELL ME!!!!?!?!?!
Of course, there are the blogs that have no content between September and December and then 10 posts on Dec. 12th (the deadline).
Joey Crawford on giving tachnical fouls: "I hate to say it, but when I first started, it was like giving candy."
Everyone falls in love sometime.
My friend was trying to go through a doggie door and she got stuck and her aunts dog came behind her and started biting her butt.
I am a very lucky man.
wait what happened?
Zoiks! Sorry to hear it...
I thought nice clothes are one of the perks of being rich? No one actually begrudges her nice clothes, though. It's just a game.
Rhapsodomancy welcomes submissions from writers or their publicists. Please note that @ this time, poetry submissions are recvng preference.
are you going to church tonight?
No motivation left
Is mama coming Sunday ???
That is literally 1 mile from where I was born and raised! Crazy!
Watching Rebirth bring the heat at maple leaf with and colonel mustard.
Chicago Bears Take Versatile Defensive End Shea McClellin in First Round: Fan&#39;s Take
It's December 30th. Do you know where your birthday girl is? We do. Happy Birthday to !
Not sure about this.... :) RT: 1/3 of follows me on Twitter. 5/9 if you count
Good meeting last night at ANC 5B, presentation by biz owner seeking liquor license to open new club next to planned Walmart site.
Great input – thanks everyone!
So you drive now!?
Never raise your hands in denial of the truth, even to appease authority. No matter what you personally believe, truth is all that matters.
Need to put together a Tough Mudder team! Don't make me start taggin you wieners!
Last Fri #real #estate word unscramble- auction. 2day's WORD:dierfed acm HINT:loan. behnd evry great man is woman rollng her eyes- jim cary
Preparing myself and waiting to my friend for Gym later
Good morning! Have you had a chance to look at the beautiful Rocky Mountains this morning, they are gorgeous!
working on a movie with Buffy star Tom Lenk! :) he's amazing!
”Man is not free unless government is limited. As government expands, liberty contracts.” Ronald Reagan
Now he's a member of our team at
Twitter, why are you so awesome? I throw down a challenge, and you guys are all "CHALLENGE ACCEPTED" and find people for me.
Looking forward to Chicagoans celebrating victory in the fall for one of their own! GO CUBS!
You know you truly love somebody when they hurt you so badly, but all you can think about it is the times when they made you smile
tornado formed right above me and blew out all the windows at Denny' s... Pretty crazy storm!
So you'll have time to train stomach for all feijao
. have fun in Miami (not) wearing shorts, (not) going to the beach, (not) clubbing, and (not) snorkeling.
Being naked in front of your pets…nuff said.
enjoying some rainbow twizxlers :-)
Andre Miller got that new born baby hair
Watching halloween 2 in the dark by yourself, isnt the smartest thing to do.
Love her!!
Thanks to the #ACA, as many as 31,000 children in #MN05 with pre-existing conditions like asthma or diabetes can get coverage.
Getting it together. Recital is coming up fast!
one of the more undervalued spokesperson options, NFL Sunday a ridic platform
Best part of today: Exec Dir says dpla unnecessary: We did it. It's a publicity stunt. #htcc I'll ask Darnton Tues if he agrees
Yes!RT As a divorced dad, I've learnd 2 value evry minute I spend w/my girls. Its moments–not milestones–that really matter.
good to meet you at #NCSRMR. Hope the $30 halibut is just as good in Boston! Safe travels.
The birds are chirping and im still awake ...
This weeks latest "Best of" Fla girls #soccer nominee announced soon. IS IT U? Send recommendations 2
Really weird day today. First time having a light saber battle b4 a presentation.
There is no intensity of love or feeling that does not involve the risk of crippling hurt. It is a duty to take this risk,
awwe I'm sowwy and :( why?? And yeah maybe Saturday
GM HAPPY MOTHERS DAY , at work, watching DARK SHADOWS
Buddhism expert wants science to rethink meditation claims
you seriously need to re-evaluate those shoes
THE LAND OF &!!
So glad I bought a NY Giants t shirt at Old Navy for $2 three years ago
thanks for your support, Janet! I hope you have a great Mother's Day!
Staying home today -.- Yay . How fun is this going to be . Someone wanna talk to me before i die out of boredom
We're here for you. RT Jailhouse Breakout Stout. Previous to #EABF I didn't know another local brewery that made good stuff
we trended for you yesterday :) because we love you!
new metrics in FB Insights ("friends of fans") should help marketers re-consider campaign targets & goals via bit.ly/n0MTps
I gotta get out of this funk... I worked too hard and went through too much to get to where I am now. No turning back!!
Follow ya boi!!!!
I HATE THIS SEASON.
I almost got suspended in high school because I had a biography of Sid Vicious that had a picture of him with a needle in his arm.
My stomach drops when I think about you being with someone else.
Master kush ! Fuzzy smelling deadly , my pocket hurts as much as my lungs do now lol
Let us know if u ever got confirmation on scab $ & source. Thanx a million! (What > 20 Sutter execs make!)
You'd think some coach along the way would have corrected Marrion's ugly jump shot form.
Working a double the entire weekend of mother's day. God give me strength.
Santorum daughter Bella back in hospital. From family statement: "family requests prayers and privacy as Bella works her way to recovery."
we never finished the episodes haha!
It was good to see you! :) RT : Great meeting at this morning! Tons of kids enjoying the facility today!
Determined to partake in this time around!
Thanks! RT Blown away by the new site! smps-chi.org
With my for a bit!
Follow for the latest news on the jobs and employment in the #sandiego region.
hey bro! Good to see you here
Notice yor're in the DMV area - Call us if you need more exposure and affordable promos for your music. 410.513.9199
so what would u suggest? MLS scheduling is hard enough w/o blocking out more dates.Very hard to start earlier or go later.
We Recruit: • Personal Bodyguards • Executive Protection • Skilled Security Officers •Event Security …Just Ask
On to another week. Finishing up a few in-depth stories I & others have been working on over the last month or so. What's on your agenda?
omfg just showed and she light died hahaha
Happy Mothers Day to our Moms in Heaven
where are you located? might end up knowing people who need interns.
Niggaz grab ya dicks is u luv hip hop bitches rub ya titties if ya Luv big pop #classicbiggie gone way to soon 1
What’s better than pizza for lunch? Pizza for lunch AND dinner.
I know she is. Ppl are just haters!:)
I just go home and it's 6:52 but Good Morning
RSVP: Creeper Sin Films
Cheer up <3 we will always be here for you(: #SmileAustin (:
I absolutely LOVE that you have a digital edition of the magazine!!! I miss working with you all! :)
Trouble with market research is that people don’t think how they feel, don’t say what the think, and don’t do what they say. - D. Olgivy
Nothing hurts me in quite the same way as a great story left unfinished
#Pandora playing all the wrong music , make me feel sad
On set of An Americans' Destiny for late night shoot and tomorrow a photoshoot for The challenger...
the irony also is its the least focused in terms of access and processing. eg.
Day 1 Dukan Diet. I will get back to you on this one.
In 1998, Sony accidently sold 700,000 camcorders that had the technology to see through people''s clothes.
Try our station, and my show
#SMBAustin : Technology is moving quickly and (policy) needs to catch up (on what is appropriate).
sometimes you second guess yourself
thanks sweetie.☺
yes sir [ASTR]
i want some ice cream lol its weird i know but i really do lol
Monday is the last day to save 20% ! Use code SPRING20 to get 20% off (excludes iS Clinical, DermaQuest & Dr. Dennis Gross).
at is on location in Miami. What a sexy city!
Okayy, so i'll socialize for 3 minutes then be back, 'kay? Kaythxbyee.
Did you see Shadow Cay at Times Square 5 days ago? If not, here's a picture ;-)
All the vendors have just checked in for Market Day !
That's why it's not very prestigious or significant to me I guess.
-- yes please! When's it on? I'm very excited about this film! <3
Great shoot yesterday for print ad :)
Srsly, sulfates in nrly ALL those shampoos! RT : Friends don't let friends buy haircare at drugstores. Tnx !
Great! I had trouble getting 4G in gallery, but love concept. We're using similarly at
Thank you! So glad you could make it out!!
RT : Job seekers make sure you check out #HFChat every Friday at noon EST. Great stuff.
I miss you, where are you and why aren't you here?
Schedule clarification: Full day workshops start at 9AM, Morning-Half day workshops start at 8:30 AM
I didn't know that you were in doing comedy in Austin this week. Good luck!
#Marr, Graveminder. Not a horror fan but enjoy a well crafted tale of passing on the legacy & duty of keeping a small town's dead in place.
When the task is routine make it habit. When innovation is required employ creativity. And don't confuse the two!
Information Literacy Summit at Moraine Valley Tech College. Just found out, they've stopped accepting proposals :-(
#FF to everybody who's cool
I need to stop getting sick! Blah!
Goodnight Loves<3
Losing sucks!
Mark your calendars for the April 23 PFO meeting at 6:00! Several of our HH students will be performing for our guests and families!
When you get older you learn married people make deals with each other. I think it was my dad that wanted kids.
where to advertise your business
♬ Our Songwriter of the week is: Craig Wiseman, Wrote "If The Good Die Young" By Tracy Lawrence. "Live Like You Were Dying" by Tim Mcgraw ♬
Quick, trade Holtby to the Hawks straight up for Crawford.
now your just copying my _______ lol
omg you're so funny
Was she ugly? Cause if so, then it should be really easy.
guy in the mustang driving next to me... ow owww
I have THE best uncle in the world. #BBN.!
#4Wordsbeforesex you can't handle me
Where did the #Occupysd folks get the Guy Fawkes masks? Wonder which evil corp is getting rich off that forward thinking capitalist idea?
Stop when the red light flashes. Oopsie daisy, my whole life crashes.
If she goes back to you after you've hurt her time after time, she's stupid for going back and you're a douche for putting her through that.
Did you know on February 3 1870, The 15th Amendment was passed, granting blacks the right to vote?
Aint nothinggood to do in the auditiorium so music.
Great way to end a qtr
Conference call ova. Winding it down.
lol, true.. I just wish more blacks were walking across the stage.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash on John Nolen coming from the WB Beltline. Use caution in this area.
wonder what the right approach to communicating with them would be
Going to see Anthrax and Death Angel tonight!
": Tough L, we will bounce back though! #WHODAT" don't worry; the Saints will be 14-2!
i LOVE coffee... m
1927- The first #Volvo automobile rolled off the assembly line in Goteborg
I don't even know what the hell that is
What about bok choy? I wouldn't risk choking with just anyone
I just Wanna smoke my leaf and drank my drank¡!
Beware Rose will be tweeting soon too... RT: Hey Bry hope you are having a fun Xmas Eve!
The biggest mistake you can make is taking it all for granted & thinking it can never end
Can anyone tell me where spring went?? Because I just can't find it.
wtf. See you then. Maybe I'll have another pool party
Thanks for the RT!!! I'm sure my nephew thanks you as well!!! GT
1st time mamma yogi has ever been quoted via mass media. Document it today is a good day...Lol!!!
fyi, I used to blog at effinglibrarian, but closed that and moved the stuff to the effingarchive. now I post at censoredgenius. ok?
It's Not About Were I've Been... It's About Were I'm About To Go.
no I do not know what it stands for
"Every Lady Vol player who has completed her eligibility at Tennessee has graduated."
Life's lessons beat Harvard! "I spent the first part of my life going to school. I spent the second half getting an education" - Mark Twain
Indeed a best one. RT : Yes! Fine advice -- Salter's A SPORT AND A PASTIME is one of the great erotic novels and much else.
He really needs to learn there's a time to be funny, and there's a time to be serious.
NO, I love that color!!!! No regret, it's very Gwen Stefani Return of Saturn!
I'ma Tell Him To Give It To Her. But If She Fucking Texts My Phone On Some Bullshit , I SWEAR She Gon Get Her Feelings Hurt.
On the road 2 Orlando this morning already. Gonna b a good week with my boys and
The world may have stopped turning at the office. Both coffee pots are broke.
how bout those seahawks
Good nite adam!
i will be sure to be there. do u know where it will be?
Machine in question (#1301) at driggs L is still not working MTA, thanks for the updated lie that it was.
I want to buy the outfit that the girls who work at rubys resturaunt wears so I can wear it while I cook :) aha <3
no, just old school paperback. I have This Side of Paradise, the Beautiful and the Damned and Great Gatsby.
Thanks for the add!
DESIGN type and size of monitors
How are you doing what are you doing.(:
just checking on you. Well God bless!
Nice little tote fort you got there. :) Yeah, about that...check out our soft tote option under "My Account"
FB is boring me! I'm an early bird every day but trust I'll be asleep again by 9:30 lol
Nothing is ever lost or can be lost.
I hope drake is there...
we drive the boat slow put in or big trouble hooks and jerk the poll back and forth hopping to snag them
Not sure I know what you're asking. Did you get the wrong version?
Local fans of #Fashion. You'd totally love the #KentStateMuseum just a short drive to Kent, Ohio. It's filled w/ styles from over the years!
Defense: Feeley can't testify to substance of phone calls; Prosecutors selected dates, events for her to research.
Where do Kate and William like to go out? We take you live to London... at 11.
It is great to hear that. Sorry, misunderstood.
its a lazy list...he basically gives gold stars to Borges for not screwing up Denard
I listen to our favorite song playing on the radio hear the dj say loves a game of easy come and go but I wonder has he ever felt like this?
am i more unhappy with Like A Prayer or Bills, Bills, Bills stuck in my head?
Just surprised my mom (in VA) for mother's day! She is very low key so I think this was the most excited I've ever seen her :)
just applied for a CSS position and am currently manning the circ desk at Pretty good day thus far.
ok, so, like, you ARE going to tell us the restaurant, right? (she says whilst wiping the drool away...)
Sydney I'll come running #BrettDennen you've done it again!
Yummy thai food with today at my last #streetfair as a student at the UO. This is definitely the best time of the year!
Quote from actress on set after everyone stared at her in confusion and disbelief: "Oh, I changed my lines. I didn't tell anyone."
Got some beats for me?
Gross. Spanish.
grrr.. your #beast :D
The tracking illicit financial link freaked me out. It started downloading automatically. Then I saw it was a PDF. Whew!
Enterprising journalists are EVEN NOW checking other Komen grantees to see if they're under investigation, right? Consistency, consistency.
It's Friday, tweeps! Raise your mouse if you've had a long week!
A. Keep all text layers editable (don't flatten or rasterize)
I love his talent but he is a pussy! Between him and N. Morgan there isn't enough hot water.
MT Want to thank the #KUbball team for a great season? Sign the thank you note in Thursday’s for $10. Call 785-832-2222.
thanks man!
Eff the world. Americans are just obese. Glad I moved back home for summer. We have a gym. Too lazy to leave home, haha.
I'm greatt!!! Haha!! Thanks for asking!
I like it too! And I dunno since she's preggo.
Not being in school >>>
You're wrong. It completely sucked. Signed, every real fan who would have kept him from catching that ball.
Seeking #RubyonRails Developers for full time position. Contact me at to learn more.
If everyone is putting a person down, who's lifting them up? QUOTES FROM HOW TO STOP BEING A HATER!
the package has been delivered
This is your best * love you!
Two hours and 20 minutes. I need some #beer to calm my #nerves. Is anyone else this #anxious about the #game?
are you staying in Tampa?
Could murder a pint so...
I almost just screamed at a public library when i found out is following me
Up next, bering sea gold!
ouch, I deserved that! ;-( ... Now smack me harder.
Staying home
when you coming to nyc kid?! i miss your creepy ass lol
Im bored outta my MF MIND
#Clippers have a collective basketball IQ of 32 out of 100..that excludes
Latin night at The Grand Bohemian tonight 7-11 in downtown Orlando Florida
