Thanks to all of the enthusiastic attendees at #FOSE who stopped by our booth.
everyone should go follow he is really cute
I think u've been hacked.
Hell yeah
Heading to hollywood the 19 got to get ready to preform!
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: HP Mini Screen change
walked through a taping of white collar this morning.
Ah, cool thanks! Lots of good stuff there.
and how some people think we should all be eating bugs since they are so full of protein and rich. but also gross to westerners.
oh it feels nice to get rid of those awful roots.
If maddox ever stops screaming maybe I will get some sleep...
Oh boy...steer clear of the c word. That could end the party. For you. hahaha
Don't forget, this Friday is the opening for my solo exhibition! 5-7pm at
Iceland's president: Social media turns government into a 'sideshow'...
What? I thought you had two brains and four arms. Thanks for visiting!
An inch deep pile of sketches and ten to fifteen wireframes to crank out.
Lady Gaga is an incredibly talented woman...She is killing it tonight!!
Sorry to hear that!! Hope you get to the next one!
lol you miss me?
The "Zero" Secret: How to Automate and Negotiate
#ThoughtsWhileRunning if I die do I have to run the other 39 40's???
in all the nasty ways haha
Omg lmao! alright man what ever floats your boat. aha
I'm done hoping we could work it out. I'm done with how it feels.
The Chicken Waldorf salad might be one of the best salads in the world
I wanna puke this shit out. Fuck me.
The problem with working from home is that you can get sucked into it on your day off. Must stop myself.
Apparently buying only one doughnut is not normal behavior but tasty regardless on a sunny WA day.
thanks! really excited... and sleepy
Another great effort by AJ wasted. :(
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood
RT : Sketchers now says their new socks will not cure cancer.
Helped somebody get their key out of a drain that's my good deed of the day
Political expediency.
Guys. omg. its almost April 14th. asdfghjkjhgb
I tried to make my mom feel like shit, and again I ended up making myself feel like shit.
"common vibe of peace"
Just because you're on twitter doesn't mean you put a # after every damn word... -_-
lol. imma teach her to make oatmeal then.
"RDA will die of its weight. It's like an African rhino that just collapses and dies in the desert." -prof predictions
Where are you now? Its a rainy day. Where are you now? You've gone away
Headed off to hear defense begin in Werdesheim trial. Older brother, Eli, likely to testify, his attorney says,
True story
great then, we will meet him tonight at the wine tasting. I am currently discussing it with him
Your body is its own kind of machine that needs its own kind of fuel- learn to fuel it right at #NutritionWorkshop; tonight at 5:30!...
All the president's men is a fabulous flick! Woodstein for life
Yell Fucking Yes!
big changes afoot...!
What are you doing for Christmas?
I'm too hungry!!
I haven't Tweeted in a while.
you rock as usual
RT : tell Charles Barkley that comment about the Fan looking like a Fag, will come back ouch!
did you pay your aof dues?
That kid was sharp!
Wishes R always granted with enough faith and patience. Sometimes not the exact way we imagine but nevertheless granted.
BA is usually worth more in pts than retro leagues unless they don't have a mod for hit/ave. SB's are almost always less!
I guess I should go ain't nun else to do
I cant believe is having concerts worldwide now. I am so proud of you
i just tweeted like a bunch of niggerr jokess, nigaa(: hhaha,look at them.
aw , i ain't think you remembered me .
sporting some hip glasses. First time I've seen him in glasses.
I take being called sarcastic as a compliment.
lol it's crazy ate moms are a like
I was picturing someone big and burly for Haymitch, and I pictured Mr. Jay as Cinna.
oh I miss you two! I'll be home before you know it! I hope you guys are having a great holiday! :) miss you!
Spring break in marathon fl. Have seen dolphin, pelican, puffer fish, hermit crab, conch, iguana, all live in their habitat.
Also, have you ever questioned why Otay would pay #SMGFire $11,000 to bring on an employee for which that replicates duties...
saying "the Othello lived up to the hype" doesn't do the show justice. Wonderful evening! (Tragedy aside ;) ) Superb cast!
I love your sis-in-law...hope you and your daughter are safe.
MY PEEPS: let me know you survived the #earthquake though facebook, twitter, or whatever your preferred Social Media is - no cell service.
Michael brockers, Ron brooks, josh chapman, Lionel smith, mario Louis
I`m gonna miss all the seniors!!!!!): merhh !
#itsawkwardwhen you don't see you twitter posting on #106andPark :(
Merry Christmas. Have courage, follow your dreams
Our Edge of Collapse Ep will now be $5 at all of our shows. Make sure you pick one up!
Update Headed to NYC tomorrow to perform at the Gibson Showroom, do some radio interviews and visit !
Should twitter really be about #F4F? Just asking!
This also a fave >>> RT my mind is still blown by that FF he had on Big Ben. still blows my mind
#Stillwater Mayor says he's open to ideas about events that could replace Lumberjack days.
Not bad at all for someone who taught himself.
tell me baby girl cause i need to know!
can I get a follow please? I used the magic keyboard!!
Well there goes my night, wonder if we'll actually win on our own court. We better
well, sugar-tats, you need to get your ass to Berlin first. Then you get Peruvian numnums.
Joe Cunningham from UKansas held telecollaborative mentoring btw Americans learning German and German businesspeople. So, not peer-peer.
waiting on the ace to let me kno she made it home
Just wanted to thank you for all your support and help with Hollywood Youth Division. Love having you in class.
Canton bocce is cancelled tonight. Sorry everyone!
Save Me Some Loud! Nbs ....
I love that new #car smell.
RT Congrats on "Naked" Opening wknd - I vote Jennifer A. Skinner new #LAThtr poster girl
Ellen Dolgen: How to Meet Your Mother
More B.o.B. tickets for you! Listen at 5:42pm and be the 8th caller at 222-9800 to win! coming to Springfest 2012 at RIT!
My Monday already has me pinned.
that looks fun!
Seeing lots of tweets about the #goldenglobes tonight! Spikes up to 9,000 tweets per minute so far.
Passed all of my comprehensive exams!!! I'm graduating!
Thanks to everyone who came out to our first three town halls. The last of this series is next Tuesday, see www.VoteLoretta.com for info!
Genius = the person who first decided to put coarse sea salt on things like caramel and dark chocolate.
That's too cool. I like the idea of it just being slipped in the middle of a transcription, "While I have your attention...."
Let's follow 4 follow. Will help support eachother? Try the site on my profile for mass free promotion.
When Orlando tells the kids exactly what to do to annoy me haha<<<
We sell 100% Silk Dupioni fabrics Visit our website WWW.FABRICSNTHINGS.COM Best Wholesale Prices
*where near as they.....you know what I mean.
MT : FYI - We'll be providing free, confidential HIV tests on National Women & Girls HIV/AIDS Awareness Day
i feel so bad, i mean it was one joke and now he cant escape it lol
“To insure good health: Eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.” - W. Londen
yup :) I'm excited I seriously can't wait haha
Ever wonder why private pilates classes are so expensive? $45 per class @ EVBS! Pay per class! Certified, experienced instructors!
Created a task flow for baking cupcakes. Didn't fully spell out "somehow turn your kitchen into a wreck in the process" though. Necessary?
or do men just need to go back to being gentlemen?
Friends of Something, we redistribute gently used to books to kids in LA who don't have any. If you had a drive, we'd be happy to...
Such a precious moment watching Dave Brubeck's face as he was honored, with help from his sons, at the Kennedy Center Honors.
...waiting for the sun to shine on me....-con-
Thanks... I enjoy sharing any inspiring thoughts, sayings, or advice I stumble upon (or think of!).
In 1642, the Canadian city of Montreal was founded by French colonists. In 1765, about one-fourth of Montreal was destroyed by a fire.
And I'm dead serious.
RICKS!!! There are a million stories within those walls, some bad, some good, all hilarious in hindsight!
Wednesday? Hey, lets go to the beach!
I can't help it. I don't like talking on the phone so I always just text.
yeah we should! But do what?
it was so good :)
I agreed!
I'm so glad we are finally going!
So Tia not returning to the game next season
JUSTIN BIEBER COMMERCIAL JUST CAME ON!!!! LOLZZZZZ
shake in those boots! ::Diddy bops::
Great #ish is gonna happen today!
no matter how hard situation is a smile can always make things better :D
#FF she has a great show that reminds us to embrace all things & she isn't afraid to share her female voice.
I did wonder if it was you!
there is a great independent record store in covington mainstrasse I also hear there is one in downtown Cincy now on main.
u better
Just had the opportunity to see this kid Sir Foster perform and he was off the chain. Must check him out!
New vids and stills in the next coming weeks!!!! Keep your eyes peeled at www.rlimaging.com in new work section.
Need Mother's Day Gift ideas? Join us with #ESGiftChat today @ 2p.m. CST - live with Earthsavers co-owner Jackie!
You would expect a premium WordPress theme to have the functionality it advertises. So disappointed in this purchase.
If I'd known today was I'd of baked a cake...or at least dressed myself and the boy up for work/school
we need to make a team trip to see the show!
#4thandForever is on TV every Thursday night at 9PM ET!
Tired of trying to decide between e-readers. New philosophy: Buy e-books now, decided on an e-reader later.
WALE album release party tonight at Opera!!!!
who was Jessica Chastain?
Weezy f. Baby and the f is for.... Wait hold on.... Is Weezy spelled wrong?
Twin Cities journos note #mnstorm hashtag that HiPat, MnDOT say they'll use for future winter storm events. News we can use.
As much as I sleep you think I would be awake. Actual I'm just really upset and tired.
(((TOMORROW NIGHT))) Calle 66 @ Salsa Under the Stars: 2000 Mountain Road NW. See ya there!
just told my mom D.E.R.P (drop everything an plank) and then told her if u not weird, u not grand girl lol im weird
O shoot, thanx. Forgot about the carpet. That is a sin.
Philly fans are the worst. (Actually tied with Red Sox and Yankee fans)
The day off still feels like I'm at work LOL
I yield to no one
the answer is no
already have done all those scrub
you deserve it! And I can't wait to see your cool new haircut.
Goodnight Moon by Margaret Wise Brown: Go to bed!
Sinatra’s first solo album, The Voice of Frank Sinatra, was released in 1946.
getting ready to start yodleing again
I don't believe I do? 😏
At the Badger game. Go Red!
What is up and coming for #NZwine in 2011? -- Viewer question
I heard that! ": The #HEAT are going 16-0 #2012Champs"
Anybody have connections to Comcast Foundations staff, or high ups in Comcast?
Thanks, Grace! Hope you can make it out :)
Now I remember why I avoid commuting home during after work rush hour.
whatever. Oh & you can't date mariah
He gets his own room at NYPL. Good for him and we benefit by his books. All in all a win win.
welcome to Maine brother! Best lobster there is!
my band Hellfire Revival is playing tomorrow at the Limelight for the Radio Free Nashville benefit...come by and check it out
YES BEST DAY EVER
They aren't perfect, but we continue to improve them and build out their functionality
No quit fighting! Its realy not worth it. I promise you
Gotta feeling dis Prom gone b dead
spending time with family
Welcome to all of our new ToG followers! Are you all ready to start a brand new, grace-filled week with us?
A. Bynum after last night's win: "Note to self, the more I play D the better we will be." Took him a triple-double to realize that?
#UMass cuts its to 6 with 1:00 to play. #Stanford to the line for 2
More #FF Fight for Air Climb friends
RT : It was great to see you this morning at #smbseattle [Jenni, I'm *jealous* I haven't seen Rod in ages!]
< Thx so much, I'm in great company!!
ICON Fridays! $50 Ciroc Bottles! One Night Only! Hit me up for Bottle Reservations ASAP. We will sell out on tables:
its in the micro
- certainly not the same swagger you bring to your events, but many devotees
my life,, ima be out next weekend
Inbox 24. Don't think it is going to get any better than that before 2012.
Dear #Books-A-Million, I love your wonderful Charlotte/Concord Mills store, & will do my part :) to make yr numbers...
I might try and fake that I'm sick in the morning just so I don't go to school......
Aw, that girl has a big black "X" on her hand, how adorable
Chuckie Cheese.. Shift Coordinator
I mean the classes she is in, can't you report her and get moved out of those classes or have her moved?
GM ppl
I'm that way whenever I wake up LOL!
and I have spotted our favorite HCMC doc out in the real world. We're playing it cool and not asking for his autograph.
Yep still ugly cried during the scene with the musicians playing till the end in Titanic.
"Amber loves ebony dicks" f(x) needs to make a comeback so the Amber tag can stop being 60% shit like this.
RT : Early sponsors include and Thanks for believing in the power of #bacon and
": I shine we all shine"I eat we all eat!!!!
Damn it's ten 30 I I still ain't did the shit I said I absolutely had to do
Youu got everything a woman want but I still wanna spoil ya!!
Converting a desktop-only site to mobile-aware (ie. #responsive) after-the-fact is a lot of trouble. ProTip: Design for mobile first!
Ghiz pulling the Stephen Harper fake smile during pol debate
do you have any hair care tips? I liked your facial recipes and I wondered if you had hair recipes.
working on some new summery flavors...watch out Austin! It's about to get delicious up in here
I'm going to keep this in mind!
If you live in North #Atlanta check out They just opened and the selection is awesome.
Wish I were there, but will watch the live stream. See you in June for Div IV!
thanks for the RT!
if i told you, you had a nice body would you hold it against me
hope he goes there (;
Thanks for your RTs! We have more presentations from #PCUS still to come!
Stay safe in the snow! Don’t do anything dumb, like a lick a light pole or slide belly first down a hill.
put in work at twerk and now eating with the fam yummy
: is such a lucky lady...
ice ice baby :) but that works too, iceyyy baby (;
no software man. It's about 500 hours and 10,000 lines of code from a talented developer and designer from scratch.
Me and goin on a moonlit drive jammin to Notorious B.I.G.
Dear CLT airport, please get rid of the bathroom attendants...now.
Going to be a long season
But you ain't really ready for that tho 😏...
#milwaukee Water originating in our national forests provide drinking water for over 3400 communities&approximately 60 million individuals.
I think I'm going to adopt "perspective matters" as my new mantra
It's technically a "caucus" though, not a debate.
Aint tryna be cocky, I got cho heart in my pocket
We just surpassed 2,000 scans! Keep on fooling your friends ;-)
thanks muchly for the RT, Mark! You rock!
Love yourself first before you can get anyone else to love you too
cant decide where to go to lunch
Whatever crap this is on HGTV is making me appreciate our realtor. You know, like her ability to listen to what we needed in a house.
Great to meet in person. conference was stellar.Having on stage = cherry on top. Can't wait for Summit.
You cannot fight everyone but you can make everyone die of laughter
if Hollins has KG's "vote of confidence", then im all on board! he must have something!
Afternoon Classes: Monday to Friday 1:00-5:00pm..Totally 20 hours course for per week.
Congrats, Lucia!
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice."
Phoenix, AZ- need females for nude photoshoot. Pay ranges from 100 to 500 dollars depending on your look. (Casting Code B3)
upload it!
hahaha ... you're right!!
praying for you, my friend.
I Ching~ The Creative knows the great beginnings. The Receptive completes the finished things.
"A person reveals his character by nothing so clearly as the joke he resents." ~G. C. Lichtenberg
/path/to/endpoint?message is no different than path.to.endpoint.message in an OO language
Yess you do (:
Still have 2 vip 2 day passes for sale to Bayou Country Fest! Asking face value $650 for the pair!
I can't wait. I missed last night but hope to catch up tonight :)
crap! i blamed my nephew. can i borrow to entertain my nephew so i can get in his good graces?
good luck BFF!
Who's watching the Thunder vs. Dallas game?
Do you like forums?
granted. Head home and have a nice beer.
Thanks for the suggestion. This has happened a few times now.
Pretty excited that long hair with one side shaved is back in style for hipster girls. Though I guess they weren't called hipster last time.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. <-- The TRUTH !
Wonderful project! I love it when people dream BIG!
or perhaps those video folks jumped the shark?
bus intel, innovation, incomplete info. At SSP conf. and feel energized, like I am back at UofM SI Info Econ prog. inspiring.
Lmbo at these older guys talking in the weight room about using anabolic steroids? Really dude? Why?
Student quote: "I love chess because it has real nice moves. I love chess because it's the best game in the world!" - Jonathan, 8
Thanks girl !!! Miss you not being here also , hope you are good , and staying busy !!!
U & I may have different Pledge ideas, but I like your idea as well. Would certainly like pols pledging to support const.
but is was an American #craftbeer not a socialist wannabe.. But I do love belgians.. The ladies and the beer
Thank you lol already done
Rise N Grind who won last nite passed out thunder, or maverivks..
The total raised by Indiana AIDS Walk (drum roll, please...) $201,398.14!!!!!!
hey shay I am a huge fan ur amazing and I hope you have a beautiful awesome spectacular birthday!!!!!!!!
If u no me then u no my real hair long , but I wear weave just cs I can do that , cheap or expensive bitch I bought it with my money
do you believe in magic in a young girls heart
I was trying to surprise you!!!:)
thanks for RT
Nicole Scherzinger is adorable aw
Hi! Thanks for stopping by #TwSIG. I like sharing your work with others. What's your next paper on Twitter use? Let us know!
Reading where "popular" painter Thomas Kinkade died. Who? Am I that far outside the mainstream? Again!?
keep calling her a slut all of u watch yourselves
Dale Sveum a Cub / Theo Epstein makes his mark / will Prince soon follow?
hey girl :D. I might not answer right away im on the bus having staring/quiet contest xD
When the postmaster stopped riding his then necessary horse to bring you the mail: that's when postal services should have been privatized.
If Junior Seau said in his suicide letter to have his brain researched for the hits he took, it definitely makes bounty gate look even worse
A day in a life of an abused husband.
Hope to see all our FITzee mamas at #MamaFest tonight! Join us w/ for a night of fun at La Costa Resort & Spa!
What a beautiful Sunday!!!!
Thank you for following. Will you be at Llly Dale NY this summer?
too much drama. no one is focusing on Believe. logging off bye.
haven't tried it yet, but meeting burner looks interesting.
-`hate when a boy say I can be his Lowkey. :'That just Pisses me off!^_^
Good, busy of course. Going to sxsw this year? How are things with you?
haha hey no hard feelings man, best of luck to you guys this year, loyalty to a team is important, thru good and bad times
i'm always at work when my friends aren't and vice versa. so my life pretty much sucks.
"Life Has a Way" and " Broken Man."
Being afraid you'll hit the lifeguard chair when doing your windup for the relay start #WhoTheHeckDecidedToPutThatThere?
Spam DM from … Thanks.
This shit is stupid.
can't wait for the new season of Community!
Need some caffeine to get me through this week .. ☕ study study study..
OK, I'm in — and is officially out on the town!
Its all fun and games till someone gets hurt :) hahahaha ! So true !
Voices in the Clouds got into San Diego Asian Film Festival. Come to San Diego in Oct to hang out with us.
Fascinating - OBAMA jobs bill voted down in the SENATE tonight!
Tied with after day 1 of #MarchMadness ... great minds think alike
Kids in this town dead ass are just straight up losers. Nothing better to do with their lives
It shouldn't be an issue at all!!! It is 2012, isn't it???
Here we go 4 days, 4 nights, don't let us down.
Apparently, according to GOP voters #Liberty is an #UnpopularOpinion... so too is the Golden Rule.
Kvails is on draw something and bored in the car
Omg Nevada is dumb the cops in this state are dumb omg I've never heard such bitchassness b4 well welcome to Nevada
Just saw your mother's prayer, you are the best thing since sliced bread and moira kalman.
I definitely changed my tag name.
fontaines!! Love their fried seafood basket lol
Wouldn't it be nice if there was someone out there who would fund your dreams? ;)
Nice testimonial: "App in Seconds is the missing link in mobile app development" Sam Collins, Eventasaurus. Thanks Sam!!!
annoying my neighbors designing dance kick drums. sorry, neighbors!
noice!(: your a twitter freak... Hahaha
have you read 'The Lean Startup'?
Please no rough pavement
Thanks Jimmy!
When will that day come when i see the REPLY or FOLLOW from u my luv!!=D <3 <3...")
What is a Capiluto anyways?
yeah that sounds good! I don't have SL fridays so just let me know.
Shut Up
lol of course XP
Yo this bitch is annoying
: I license my tweets under a Creative Commons Public Domain Dedication license.
Resilient RedBirds. WorldSeries size wow!
Downhole Products Receive Prestigious Queen’s Award
George Karl lets do this
7-inch releases are fun, glad they're back in vogue, but I love 10-inch releases even more. Congrats on your 7s
I'm happier with #GH than I've been in years! It's not perfect, but it's good soap again.
There is EXCITEMENT in the air in Las Vegas. Too bad I am ready for bed. Saving up for tomorrow.
lol at "she didn't want you no way"
oh and Merry Christmas!:) im sorry im just looking at you're tweet now:P i haven't been on in forever well i love you a lot!
Am I seeing straight? Did Chris Davis really just strike out Adrian Gonzalez?!
I swear to God, if I get another ovarian cyst, I'll do my own hysterectomy. This one is so painful.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 45
Will the Nerfs be available to the public?
Why did Ms Vavra make us turn our books in I need the equations and crap for this homework WE DIDNT TAKE NOTES
did you not smile #buttmunch ?
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed. - Michael Jordan
Happy Birthday Lady Gaga
thanks Mr.White I can't wait.
Chris Bosh would be outplayed by an Oompa Loompa right now.
oh, good joke. Just kidding, I will be a good sista & help you! Can't wait to see you. (:
I'm tweeting from underneath my desk, where I'm curled up in the fetal position. Soon I'll move on to eating a gallon tub of ice cream.
It's way to early for this
): iknw im not your type . for you , you will think that i cant changed . but im changing to a btter person .
Happy Holidays to all and Merry Christmas to my fellow Protestants kickin' it manger-style!
HAHA some photos are up. I'm actually SMILING in some! Haven't been that happy during a race in a while. 👍💪
@ Thanks for the follows!
Man, 74 degrees right now. Super nice. It's 4:20 some where!!!
is heading out to knock on doors! I will be interviewing with Sun Times Ed Board tommorow morning.
RT These years are essentially the waiting game
Hitting the bricks today to sell some Metro beer. Look out, all you accounts who don't carry us! I'M COMING FOR YOU.
I love playing guitar so much, therapeutic in such a beautiful way
hi, popping by the bar for a bit. Say hi if you're around & not slammed. Stripes. End of A side.
My father always used to say that when you die, if you've got five real friends, then you've had a great life.
I'm looking at your camera policy. Is my Canon DSLR considered a "professional" camera? I make no money with my hobby, btw.
Traffic silly in the city I should of stayed put
Need custom/personalized snapbacks ?? ---> OR <---
I cleaned my bookshelf this past weekend. luv them like children, but must let some of them go. too many!!!
Brewers won in an epic inning in walk off fashion!!!
I bet he was thinking, "Sweet. I think I got away with it." until he reads your tweets. "CRAP! I was caught! #embarrassed"
I can feel the suffering of the people I love
trying out
have you seen Jessica Simpson lately? We're getting close
that was fun! Did I tell you about the reanimated corpse police (mention) in Twain's The American Claimant? He's the best!
RT : we'll be there homies! RT“: Can't wait to play this week! We'll be on the stage by Theatre...
Is this thing on? (screech)
fried chicken person
Check out the Photos tab to view pictures of our booth at the LPL Financial conference in Boston.
With the Internet in my hotel out of commish, AT&T has become my savior. What a strange role reversal.
Beware the Ides of March
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Welcome back to TX and keep George Washington in line.
Beating up people at a show doesn't make you cool. Get out of here.
"Please don't leavee me" - Pink
Goodnight my Tweethearts:)
Definitely! It was unreal! Pretty dramatic last inning!!
for the latest news coverage and videos on the Sept 19 vigil, go to www.fortheloveoflisa.com
:) that was exactly what I needed. Perfect ending to my day.
Everyone please pray for my baby cousin Isaac he goes into surgery tomorrow.
": It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember."
This sat. its going down best dressed couple contest and and mixing it up all night long
I have 4 things to do today: 1.Library 2.Run 3.Chicken Dinner 4.
When and where in Houston,tx are you'll doing auditions?
freaking out cause I got tickets to Austin's concert, nbd tho. What about you? :)
Pleased to be following you on Twitter...here's to future digital collaboration!
What is the chalkboard session?
my nephew lol
-_____- you're so nice lmao, I couldn't breathe I kept saying it!
It really depends on the type of meetings your running...
Lil Wayne Producer Bangladesh Plans Future Collaborations With Ke$ha
im saying everybody all like fuck the bulls
The silence overwhelms, upon the whispering wind it bends its malevolent will, and in its cold hands it crushes these violet souls.
spoiled brat
yeah my mavs and bulls not doing so hot either
hmm, you're obviously not doing that lol.
I'ma tell 'em to hit you up!! man I can't sleep for nothing & I got school in the mornin' >.<
Or students could chill out about the library.
Let's get #BurnDownWWEHQ trending, since it will be foreshadowing what I'll be doing in the next hour.
you can take the fan out of Philly...
is my real twitter!(:
heh RT : A little disappointed my Emperor Palpatine allusion during today's union executive committee meeting went unnoticed.
what why I see it all anyways
not as embarrassing as me walking into the wrong dormitory room today thinking it was my room
Ppl already know what it is when they drop your iphone..
...fun killer.
Happy 12th BIrthday!!!
Last day of the madness
get it, girl!
You SEE things differently when you THINK things differently! ~Rick Godwin
johnny's tavern, the place to be for 8-0 perfection!!!
Podstar up next, then The ACB's, and last, !
LOVING 6/29/11 guesting on Jay & Silent Bob Get Jobs podcast. Come hear the softer side of Ralph on Smodcast,com
john, have I told you lately that I love you? #serioustweet haha
Realization tonight: The past three times I've taken vacation, it was to go at least 500 miles north. Maybe I need to look into beaches.
Yo gabagabba is one of the creepiest kids shows
Hi Luce How's the movies :)
Thanks for the #PRFF shout out!
I am starting to think that #Apple really sucks as a company lately. Poor customer service, sweat shops & bad executive decisions
Looking forward to San Diego on April 15! Come ride w/ CAF Operation Rebound athletes...& join us for a drink in the beer garden
cap and trade yes, besides that everything else was necessary for long term stability. don't forget how we got to this point!
The #brewers went 16-2 over an 18 game stretch of NL Central only opponents
What if Lent is an ancient solution to shaping up for swimsuit season?
Oh I see what you meant...I misunderstood your meaning at first.
You have to come find me and I'll give you one!
addicted 2 following ppl on tumblr
Good morning everyone!!! Have a blessed day!!
Climax - Usher
RT : My Inspiration for the Pink Carpet Event Crave Restaurant Susan G. Komen Race for the Cure®......
Excited to meet our awesome dive captains at tonight's Lake Travis Underwater Cleanup Dive Meeting!
oh yeah :)
Agh, I suck. I was making a video for Liam's birthday, but there's no way I'm gonna finish it in time now.. -.-
Clearly. They can't hang with our stuff. I would have been there if the ice wasnt at 7 and I live an hour away
Thanks Rachel!!
Well, if you insist...
He should have never witnessed that .
Bitch you cant tell me nothing
cause of something that happened with the guy I like. Haha
Check out www.wagonwheelchronicles.com to learn more about us via our good friend Andy Frazier!
you and christopher are so cute together!!!!
for only $4.99 you can get my book 77 tried and true home based business @ www.createmoneyweb.com
Keith sweat will always remind me of Vegas. Always.
If never gave anything I'd quit trying, but it taunts me. I really wanted a Slo Poke or Sugar Daddy or something.
Party time niggas:D
After getting about 22" of snow here, this weekend has been a great time to do some writing to revise our Armor Your Self™ training seminar
heads up play by Santana! #goTribe!
happens when fantasy minute it supposed to start
tomorrow at Americas Food Show Miami Beach convention center ... come and see us
careful w/ your voice when you have an upper respiratory infection or sore throat. Don't push, rest and hydrate.
still a real nigga red coogi sweater dice roller
Frustrating day. Miss home on days like this. No, Minneapolis is not home. Milwaukee will always be home
Excuse me I just tweeted!
Appreciate the RT!
Found my phone. Thought I lost it last night. It was in my friends purse
Nothing is more fulfilling and energizing than sharing your gifts and talents!
Had a major butt wedgie this afternoon, no worries, Coach B got it for me...
Thank you for the RT's!
tha carter IV officially drops august 22nd!! tell everyone!!
- great job on yours, too! wonderful imagery.
wow i'm off twitter for 2 weeks and now i have 65 followers out of no where thanks guys ill follow back soon (:
RT : Mavs lead over at the half 44-43. Dirk and Bosh both lead their teams with 13 pts each.
Stand out, Get noticed and be Visible.
some people never learn
Saturday was fucking amazing
Say what? cmd-M doesn't minimize a Chrome window anymore?
Just got up
no jasons iron man cause hes got the robot suit. U captain merica.
when you leave
FOLLOW-----> SHES MY BFFL AND SHE TWEETS A LOT!
can u email that pic to us?
"My checks have baby farm animals on 'em" ... Awesome. Only show that makes me laugh in fits.
You were fake i was great nothing personal. Never get sick of that line.
Thank you! :)
I will represent any of the dreamers and supporters who were arrested today for free. I did not go to the protest for that very reason... I
the Mask
St Patty's Day celebrated by cutting another 5+ minutes out of Life Tracker, and about to drink with friends :)
well that just got to me...
missed you while you were in. Hope you had a good visit at Wex.
TGIF...Oh crap I forgot every day is Friday for me.
Big drive for #Tebow and the Great 2nd half so far!!!!
The Teen is Sweet Sixteen. How did THAT happen?
awww. thats sad,, i live close to the beach... but not that close.. alot of people got there houses messed up by there. its sad
RT : Very proud mommy tonight. The 11-year old participated in a public speaking competition and did an amazing job.
nice! Mine didnt come true yet -.-
ok I guess
I need 2 get my followers up so I can say "back n the day when I ain't have no followers dey wouldn't fux w me. Nw dey DM tryna suck on me"
you are right that is a sick song, Also the live video of Hurt on youtube is crazy. Reznor gives one of the best performances
it's cool, unfollow me then
Hungry, what should I get?
Pastrami Dip from The Hat for lunch...
Your steak aint no hipper than my pork chop.Your champagne aint no hipper than my soda pop. said it all when he said it.
#Ravens are in the playoffs for the 4th straight year now we just need to get a home game.
I'm punishing my brother. I won't let him use the elite maps in MW3.
Get em Matt Barnes!!!
The way Saul Alinsky keeps getting mentioned, he sounds like a Farmville character
- for buffalo wings on Superbowl Sunday :)
awesome to see you and glad to be a part of the upcoming DC event.
Happy Easter!
Our $6.50 special for today is a mouth-watering hot Italian sub served with chips! It'll make you forget the words "Penn Station."
Haha yes I have been putting together a tentative menu...send some recipes my way and we can always add, cannot wait!
need workout tanks for us ladies :-)
what a game! Henrique with the series winning goal in double overtime!!!
Those too are it they are my favorite especially Prince Royce!!!:)
RT : Casey Anthony guilty on providing false info to cops. Not guilty on murder, manslaughter and child abuse.
He's unemployed AND has time to fist-pump for 16 hours. What are the odds?
's would like to see staff trained/using analytics the same sense they're trained on Outlook, etc. Bravo!...
i acttually did.okay but i was trying to be funny, your dumb because you didnt get it dumbass! -_____________-
It's quiet in the library tonight. Maybe I'll slip over to the leisure reading and pick out a funny book to read until it's time to go home.
New phone! DM me if you want me to text you(:
have you ever taken some time to compare how david treats his fans and how 1d treat their fans? it's just sad.. :(
Other notable players from today's scrimmage: Isaiah Williams, Marcus Trotter, Dez Southward and Conor O'Neill.
see you in LA High Times!!!
Mail it to me
Make memories not mistakes.
Nice endorsement of on Cheers for Snapseed for #photography!
don't run over, lol
RT if you can't wait for ! Featuring the lovely & the handsome ! :) I know I can't! :)
Twitter lite.. For right now... Stay tuned for updates..=)
they score 3 points at a time?
hit some golf balls - my hand is hurting! But maybe that's because I hit it straight today!
whats not happening
Wow #oomf wow.
The fog had now buriedall heaven
Aww. Thanks hun for that you get a shoutout
thx adrea! academic and school librarians can't exist unless we have people to collaborate with on curriculum and collections.
Seller client gift purchased , wrapped and ready for delivery to her tomorrow along w/ settlement check & packet. Happy!
then again my she will
You know what i hate when the securitys rush the one celebrity you love & you want to take a picture & they have to leave D;
All I've been encountered today is Brazilian men 😍😍😍
sweet! where are you on 18? I will try to swing by tmrw morning.
SMH babes its so difficult out here
The PhilmGuy Reviews: 'The Five Year Engagement' Starring Jason Segel and ... - OK! Magazine
OKC #Sweep Heat #WinInThe5th Bulls #DontEvenStartWitMe Western NBA Playoffs>Eastern NBA Playoffs. #RealTalk Thunder Better Take It All
Agreed. RT : Need guitar pickups? Have you talked to Pete Biltoft from Vintage Vibe Guitars, yet? You won't be disappointed
Emily on Sen. Snowe: I can't imagine giving up a senate seat b/c of the rancor in the chamber. Do we believe there's more to her decision?
I don't have it with me, what's on page 43?
#ravennation is ready so pumped
I'M GOING TO NY!! I'VE BUYED ONE.. BUT DIDN'T GET A MEET+GREET.... :'( PLEASE FOLLOW ME... THAT MAKES MY DAY A LITTLE BETTER
Suggestion from panel: Spend cash on Facebook ads instead of posters and fliers. I agree, but posters and fliers are important
..you still managing artist?
#kced says UDL is also a vodka drink in Australia.
This drive is sofa king long
i luv u so much wit all my heart prodigy
I'm not sure, if it still is then that's stupid. Wasn't interested in their horrible suggestions to begin with.
i dont press no chick, especially on twitter so plz relax my lady, im not the type to dine and dash im the type to count the cash
sorry again. I blame this all on ketterer.
If I'm late to class because of your ass, it's gonna be your ass
it depends when. I got therapy with ol Bryan again. But I'll ask
she works, at the desk maybe? IDK for sure. Her name is Anka!
Oh man sorry to hear that. Anything docs can do?!
Interesting! RT After using social collab regularly I now get frustrated using email. Anyone else? If so, why?
That's it, nothing else!!
Why can't this guy I like notice me!!!!!!! I wish he would like me back.....
I will fall asleep and go flying off the tredmill
Run up there and pull a on them. “Yo guys, ...Imma let you finish, but girls kick butt with #edtech too”
No problem! Have a great weekend!
When seasoning a salad, use coarse sea salt mixed with a little olive oil. It will stay crunchy when combined with the vinaigrette.
it would suck if justin was one of those celebrites that tweeted like once a month. i love how he comes on a few times a day to talk to us.
Just wrote a new song!
We SO miss you too!!
The mayans were right.
Saw Inside Job(.com) at DGA last night. Like most docu's it's frustrating yet informative. I'd make sure your investment/banker sees this!!
do you know how frustrating making a gif can be
thank you :0) going to try again on Thursday. We'll have to run together one of these days. :0)
Keep in mind that I actually had to lean over to roll down my window which made rolling it back up too awkward of an option.
I just picture you in your room crying by yourself. Am I right, or am I right?
You are welcome! Love the work you do!
FREE MY DUDE BOOSIE!!!!
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere ~ Frank A. Clark
yes Kyle you do! Seriously (:
Need to text me back b4 shit get real real
Many thanks for the RT! We appreciate the support.
watching Glee! So exited
you don't follow me? Lol
Daam im up now
Driving away from Schramm, I start crying. My dad looks back and goes "Are you crying?" And I go "I'm fine."
we'll heckle in her favor.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys💙
I kno im finna sleep good its rainin too
Thanks for the heads up re: the hacking. Yooz guyz are good, right, kind and true.
Telling that Groupon not mentioned until the end of revenue chat. No longer as feared!
its hard to get into them .
That's the thing i don't do.
While in the UK, I visited the "grave" of King Arthur. Was his "Roundtable" another #leadership paradigm?
New myspace, New song, New tour dates go check it out!!!!
I think sometimes we give the devil way too much credit when a lot of the time the battle is really just with your flesh...
The prototypes of your new flip flops are sweet!!
I'll keep my pinterest reading board updated with books!
Yayy. My Godmother is heree. <3 I haven't seen her in like a year.. #MissedHer ♥
A glass of wine makes it much easier to talk to my mom on the phone.
We feel the same way!
after a super long rough 2 years, I'm FINALLY not a freshman in college.
Thank you for joining us and helping to make it our biggest and best show ever.
“: #Boom. RT : When asked why came to #USC he said because "It's the best."” You know it!
LMAOOO!!! I am so happy RT Y'all I can't even flex. I got my ass played last night. Shit hurt my feelings
OMG! Who thought this was okay? bread in a can!?!?
is a nice haven from all the green people tonight
Great... had a blast in Hilton Head and kinda diggin' on having my Equity Card! Lots of auditions and opportunities!
I love when people looking for proof of god get cause and effect confused in their mental gymnastics.
+Yea, baby its just me... That's how it will always be+ Looking for a sense of self..
the first one will be on kindle soon. in a few weeks.
I don't care how this day goes. It's too beautiful not to pick up my 9 iron!
Stay tuned!!! I'm coming up!!! This show is pretty awesome!!!
sure, without the hot weather. anarchy could be a beautiful thing if "sold" right.
VA is 12th in percentage of students attending public schools(94%)—1,235,795 students attend our public schools. (Congressional Quarterly)
Drive is what I gotta Strive for first !
I am working today. I talked to and he is looking at hotels this week.
Agreed- They are all over our thread! RT what is with the 'I've lost over a stone in just 2 weeks all thanks to HCG! ...
no recipe- he says he is still perfecting it but I thought it was perfect! Bacon,eggs,onions, leftover Ha Long Bay rice.
sounding like a seasoned vet already.
I am about to make another glorious meal for dinner!
wonderful. so excited for you guys. Can't wait to watch it progress
#ThanksJustin for everything . He still teaches me to #nsn and #JustDreamBig . I love him , he's my hero . And 1 day i'll meet him , I know.
Yes, good group of coaches just bad luck this year with injuries
Huh, on the one hand surprise Jensen where you least expect him! on the other, I wonder if he knows they're using his pic?
No thank you!! Can't wait to serve with you guys tomorrow for RED day!
No doubt about it, homie. Not hating on his game, only the players of his game.
Felt 3: A tribute to Rosie Perez. Slug&Murs produced by Aesop Rock. I like.
This is the first time I've flown without an infant/toddler since 2007. Actually looking forward to 6 hours of uninterrupted reading.
and again..out till 1am..wtf..
I'm pretty sure they are ok with their cup
Not with that ass issue you've got goin on!!
Thanks for the RT. Sorry I didn't know about the conference sooner!
"does awareness matter when considering change?"- dr.barner's question to us during our workshop
Holding it down in Chi town!
- Dumb and Dumber is on. Watch it so that you can laugh.
Joe, I just favorited a tweet for the first time ever. And it 'twas yee tweet.
OIG recommend reduce cost of attendance for dist ed, require verification of identity for dist ed students, and retain IP addresses
what u doiin now ???
have you seen the fucking prices on stubhub? FUCKING ASININE.
I don't got it easy, but I don't think anyone really does.
#OKC wish they could have James Harden back and #OrlandoMagic wish they could have Dwight Howard back lol
I want to write a play about libraries.
Thank you, Marsha! Glad you enjoyed the Infographic!
Public Radio achievement unlocked! I was compared to Carl Kassel! Thanks, CC:
Truly. Who thought that was a good idea? RT : Don't care what Tim Wise has to say if he hasn't watched the show...
My nickname is Isabelle the Killer.
RT : It's National Tourist Appreciation Day! Thank you to all who visit Milwaukee. We're always happy to have you!
I need to write a new blog entry
It's a date :) Enjoy the rest of your travels!
Love it how Europeans prefer to call their right wing scumbags "populists"
Holding too tightly to the pain of the past is unhealthy. I'll never forget those pains, but I must be willing to let them go. Let it go...
The most well spoken and intelligent celebrity. You made the team name.
How do you feel about Pac-12 bowl lineup? I was hoping to see better bowls and an annual matchup against SEC w/ realigment
Kind of cool, Google "zerg rush" and "tilt"
You correct me when i'm lookin wrong…
The bitterness of love is twin of its hope.
I bet most guys are this way
but should fan pages have family photos? The music you like? Religious and political affiliatipn? How much is too much?
Thanks , likewise!
Lovin' the pro-active spirit!
2nd job interview is
It's been a while since I felt butterflies. Do you feel the same way too?
Where does your foot traffic come from? Programs or exhibitions? Does this shpe the goals of your programs?
Thanks for the mentions
for someone who hates me, you sure love talking about me a lot.
I hate spoiled, ungrateful kids.
So the point of the "Kobe System" is Kobe is an arrogant prick? Got it. Thanks.
that awkward moment when you realize you've worn peach, black and green pants this week..but no bluejeans. workproblems
Going to be at the Rail Club in Ft Worth tonight to promote for the upcoming show. Come out for some free sampler cd's!
hah its cool my hands look like a disco ball
Thank you for your support last night! Wouldn't have been the same without you!
We are excited to hear from you, whether it is to find an employee or find employment.
Maybe march. Not sure though : /
Tired and jet lagged, can't wait to get home and sleep in my own bed.
reading Eisenhower: Soldier and President
These carrots would be better if they weren't carrots.
Waiting 4 Katherine Strewart 2 speak abt her book "The Good News Club"
Thank you and right back at you! And thanks for the best ever paper.li!
8 flavahz are great but not my favorite!! Sorry guys I only look up to and
no fatties or fems....
- Welcome Ajay! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
lol can I retweet like 39 times I need to emphasize it lol I Just on some ruthless money over all shit lol
In order to own a successful business you have to be comfortable with marketing and sales!
I like your way of thinking. :)
oh cool haha the only good part of massachusetts is boston like the city part :)
damm I want a plate lol
I'd like you to come, so I will be asking :)
Awww 11:11<3 i cant even imagine how upset he is
Airfares on busy routes go up by 10-25 per cent
RT “Because we don’t think about future generations, they will never forget us.” -Henrik Tikkanen
Great book. Read My Name is Sangoel about a Sudanese refugee (PB)
Still looking for the perfect Valetine's Day gift? Give your sweetheart the gift of health, and join the Y together!
Getting close to 1,000 :D
love yyou please follow me
Need to go shoping
Will finish a painting by Friday for my aunt & uncle's 50th wedding anniversary in June. Must finish before next class begins!
“: If you tickle me, I'm not responsible for your injuries.”
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! <33
if u r a filmmaker - this is a must to know about: www.MakeYourMovieNow.com
once again! Worry about your own Damn state for once!
Don't let the cold keep you away!! We'll be open all day! :)
Galileo's Dream, by Kim Stanley Robinson.
Later this month we'll be doing some give-aways on the Small Town Living Blog. If you want to get a jump on other potential winners take a m
Thanks! We greatly appreciate your support and love showcasing your beautiful products. Another photo shoot tomorrow!
We have 2 shows coming up with The Higher!!! Dec. 11th in San Diego @ Soma and Dec.12th at the Victorville Event Center in Victorville!!!
Ready for this #UFandLSUGame!
Of Course Lol You Don't Have To Ask (:
We paid for Iraq by spending Social Security surplus. where we're those opposing SS tax holiday then?
Dark story written tonight, looking forward to sharing tonight.
follow me so I can
SWAG SURFIN RIGHT NOW....OH YEAH!
Thanks for the words of encouragement! I'm 1/3 of the way there!
That sad moment when you're used to talking to someone every day, then they slowly start fading away.
#bieberfact Justin started drumming at age two RT if you can drum!
Inflation. Those shells were only worth $15 in 1958
New Armistice jams in the works! Demoed a new song last night, finishing another one tonight! Whose pumped for some jams?!
if i made a vid wud sponsor me?
So it looks like I just got a training gig
First swim of the summer!!!!!! Yeah
Beauty Bar on Saturday. Plan on it. :)
Hair dye attempt #2. :)
damn dude that sucks im hoping to get $10 so i can download war in the north its 50% off on gamestop pc games
we are defs goin bowling again! And very very soon. I think I'm in love
Guy who created Apple Retail store and Target is in charge of new JCP stores. Really hope he can turn that store 360 degrees.
buying me good beer will make the ride seem better
Anybody heading out tonight in the #SFBayArea for some good grub and tunes? Let us know where!
When ppl are talking shit about you there is something about you that they wish that they can have
Un-winged and naked, sorrow surrenders its crown to a throne called grace.” - Aberjhani
it seemed like a month LOL !
oops, my last msg cut off. My sympathies for you and thanks for extending the olive branch to actors. A great 2012 to you.
Definitely made me cringe just now.
Some girl just said "please stop taking to me" oh really!!!!! Oh my god Stevie is so good!!!
On my way downtown for #SxSW where should I go first?
Is gas really 4 dollars now. What's up LA? Really......
Why do people outside the Eastern time zone insist on using the expression "film at 11"?
Moving sucks. Come burn things in my yard :) I hear will be there too!
Just DO it! ~ Nike Advertising Slogan
love you from 10yrs younger!! Thanks for the support with Rain Cosmetics!! You're the BEST!!
It's hump day in H-Town. Let's make something happen, people!
Guess what's not nearly as much fun as I thought it would be? Wigmaking.
"Sometimes"? RT : The left is too gottdamn emotional sometimes. What point would moving the convention serve?
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. - Albert Einstein
When setting-up a #donor visit, don't have the meeting on the phone! Focus on scheduling. Suggest dates & times.
Apparently I previously uninstalled Skype in a fit of rage. I don't remember that, but I certainly believe it.
AINT NO PUSSY LIKE NEW PUSSY.....IUNNO GIRL ITS SUMTIN IT DO TO ME
Well I just texted you about Christian so... LOVE YOU!!! xx
Lucky, man. I'm hugging the back wall because I need a plug. Also, beware the White Queen.
Not right now,I'm on my way to the school to turn in an assignment.
The market manipulators did pull off a meager win on the DOW today.
Dude you have been ridiculous on the hot corner lately....so happy to see you in
#youknowthatneed 2 stop and make very obvious "lost" expressions before u turn around when u realize you are walking in the wrong direction?
This substitute teacher has lost her mind!!! And I'm about to help her find it
I have to be at work at 6:30 is the only reason I don't . . . Lucky!
never seen a bio written third person! Like the difference!
RT Club Life been over for Me, unless i go out of Town..then ill definitely shake it.
Big Day RT : . backers take control of at cvn, elected 2/3rds exe board, dominating delegates.
Medieval mead and tripe will not be on my holiday menu. Some dishes need to be retired, no matter how retro chic (crispy or Creole spiced).
Dare to value your work, people!
Eve and John have fucked this show up.
Thanks & SHOUT OUT to all of the 417 people that like my music page on facebook. 1LUV
Drinking champagne and eating the best apple pie I've ever had at the White House. I love America!
We would love to play this! next year? crickets... RT Austin Psych Fest will blow your mind once again Apr 29 - May 1 2011.
leggings, happy feet, high socks, a tutu, my softball shirt & idk what else yet hbu?
I woke up this morning in a Chinese familys rec room and they would NOT stop screaming. Oh man. Good night.
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I just don't have time. What's your excuse?
When your sleeping on the airplane and wake up jolting your whole body.
Free social service sells your data. There's no way to pay FB, tw, etc 4 greater privacy. Consumer shd b ABLE 2 pay 4 privacy
"Oh, I'm good, I'm talking to my computer-phone while wearing pajamas and a perfect face of make-up. *Ukelele sound*"
Do You guys Think I'm Ghetto?? (;
is moving to england??
Thanks for the RT and glad to intro you to audioboo!
gotta find stuff to do this weekend, I guess.
Right back at you Roxie!
keep a look out for our indie film The Paddy Lincoln Gang. The director and lead are brothers from England, Ben and Dean Jagger
teacher: "give me an example of foreshadowing" me: "when harry sang 'lying naked on the floor' because now hes naked all the time"
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf She gave you her HEART, but you gave her your LIES.
in pain
I really don't wanna go to school tomorrow. FML
La Jolla watch out here we come!! Can't wait!!! Let the celebration begin...
that really suxs!!!!!!
The #GrapefruitHusband chat (for men to discuss issues and share ideas on how to become better husbands) will be starting soon. More 2 come.
(: one more day lol well n a half(:
Stoked for the party tomorrow!
if u don't got bus fare that's 1 thing but some ppl choose to walk miles for ntn cause they feelin themselves at the moment lol
my hairs a mess, college life i tell you! i wish i had hair!<3 can you say BEAUTIFUL! :)
You love it. Get ready to get tweetified!
are you pregnant?
Audiovisual archivists consider format & equipment obsolescence more dangerous than carrier deterioration. Have a digital plan yet?
Good Morning Fans! TGIF!!!
yep...lil ole you!!! I'm STILL waitin on you to tell me yes!!! lol
Thanks to everyone for the #FF shoutouts! Have a great weekend!
the porch might replace our beloved couch tonight... so nice out, Dublin for sure.
You said "It's too late to make it." But is it too late to try?
See you in less than five hours! We're a bit excited too, if you couldn't tell.
That would be worse than snow.
Love the excitement when teachers discover great primary sources workshops. Favorite word today? Cool!
Nice drive in the snow over the ice is coming up shortly,wanted 2 see if it will melt a little but @ 13*F (-11*C) i do not really think so..
thanks Ernesto for kind mention- have a great weekend
#Nw Weekend at bernie's
but u wasn't saying that 4 months ago tho when u was hating on them? Now that don't me since
Has anyone seen the great deal that has put up for this Saturday's #CSImilwaukee?
With all that ass in that man thong?! Idk playa idk RT : lololol I think I could handle him
Happy Birthday !
Sure send it to
Okay, April's final has been set free! Now onto May and Stamp Out Hunger!
Swimming in the rain? Yes please <3
no I am not lucky I am blessed random
Marketing for means not only marketing to the city but in the city. Socially, environmentally, leadership.
ok! thats my next pay day -- thats why I choose the date :) I'll remind you.
Big ups to Leslie Mouton and for the shoutout this morning & the Komen support! Can't wait to host race with you again Sat.!
Too many coaches have lost their players, & subsequently their jobs, by not recognizing when they need to step back. -PJ on involving staff
yes, is truly a Springtime highlight in Atlanta.
just mybe they have twitter and know just what you think of them or is that the point of this?
4.19 pounds of grass-fed beef liver from the farmer's market: $12.57. Nutrition density doe not have to be expensive.
you go girl!! Congrats!!
yuppers RT : Music lovers, educate yourselves & cop Pet Sounds/Smile Boxset now!
Pink is my favorite color! I love it! :]
"Additionally, a 2/3" sensor is not big enough." - Jim
Hey Patrick - thanks for the follow. I will check out your site.
yeah you get to celebrate all weekend hope you have a lot of fun
that's last fucking mean ... I would stop traffic for a week and no one would be allowed to cross that road until I die
Wassup with these tweets with everybody swearing how they "REAL" if you ask me y'all seem insecure
Made in Milwaukee still rockin in the rain. Support the best dang event in Milwaukee and local business. Its worth the time, smilin all day
I'm never going to leave Austin but..You know..He is getting on my nerves:/
Congratulations on “One More Lie” being selected as an ITW Best Short Story.
Eddie Murphy should not have pulled out. He should hav figured out a way to plug in Ratner
I will be there! Cant wait to mtg u!
When all the cute songs play on your ipod...<3
I blame #Siri for missing my appt this am. I can tell this is the beginning of a what will be a tumultuous relationship
Very impressed with the way has handled the whole situation of getting cut the day before the
To be alone with you. <3
Everyone, Beer-Volleyball season starts tonight. CAN'T WAIT
In two days I have seen the following abbreviations on publication covers. MAR & JUN <--- No room for a CH or E? Will September now be SEP?
lol...aight..relax before u get ur twitter feelings
if u like someone let it run free n tell the person don't just bottle it up in Ur heart n not tell him cuz then he'll not Noe n ya will be_
Where is the coolest place to go to get something for free on your birthday?
I love you too!!!
hopefully! also tell Gavin I'm sorry I rushed out of the grocery without stopping to chat - had to run home!
You might like to check out our travel posts at lynfuchs.blogspot.com. Latest post about a visit with the Maasai in Kenya.
heh, and all this time I thought he was bitten between the eyes by that mutant spider!
Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts. ~ Albert Einstein
drinks with jen in belltown =)
i saw you :D
Join us today, 5-8pm, as we tend bar Prize wheel with goodies to win! Sexy beardos getting you drunk!
Just saw a kid in some fresh Jordans on the pay phone. "Bro, get a cellphone before some kicks."
Why is it that they cannot temporarily remove River Blindness fly breeding habitat?
follow on instagram
scares D:
“: and me!!:)”no problem hahahhaha
guess what song's in my head. That's right.. Thanks... Thanks a lot!
These girls getting naasssttyyyy
Honestly some fights we have I don't even remember because it was not that serious to begin with. AMEN!!
I have seen the light shining in the darkness, bursting thru the shadows, delivering the sun.
watching american dad .
who is that??
Now THAT'S a slogan I can back!
you can alternate... dance, then leap, dance, leap... I want to see a lot of that tomorrow! :)
huh? I can't kick no one out
Very proud of
Reading The Star Garden: A Novel of Sarah Agnes Prine by Nancy E. Turner.
lmfao. trying so hard to get to tweet me.
Each family has a different need. Some might require a home visit just a few hours a week,others may need a more intense level of homecare
we'll be sure to add you to our private party list next month
RT : This just in: FounderCorps members to join Study Hall today.
hey Vicki. I won't be on here for a few days. My Grandad died today. :'( </3 hope you're well.
hell yea! #getbasted tonight son. Stuff that turkey!
Fuck my car got stolen last night .
Seems like I'm heading up to Portland this weekend! here I come! Tips for Portland adventures anyone?
Yea that was a lie I guess
crooning standards in traffic.
Do you need more napkins
I can feel the excitement. Did I win a #Lisagor Award? No, I helped judge them & argued passionately for certain entries. Congrats, winners.
#hth2012 Frank: good point! earlier data access / preservation effort leveraged with new
That's why we're cursed!
you might need some rookie wr to supplement at wr. Early season waiver wires ftw.
Denton named co-chair of Commonwealth Business Council
Celeste, it is like deja vu all over again, does this mean another summer of gridlock and scandal?
I will let you know if there's any danger to the blogs.
The Daytona 500 has become a 3 day race. Can they change it up & drive right on the last day?
Thank you to all Veterans!
Just launched our collector's club! Take a look @ the 1st baseball, it printed really nicely (it's a Tobacco card ball): unforgettaballs.com
Very nice Manarium, love hard hairy muscular bodies with nice cocks.
getting higher man
I love having Megatron and McCoy
I find the pain of a little censure, even when unfounded, more acute than the pleasure of much praise. Tom Jefferson Hear that, Wall Street?
the term Bum will now be referred as Lindsey.
11 11 1993 Vietnam Women's Memorial dedicated in Washington D C conceived by army combat nurse Diane Evans sculpted by Glenna Goodacre
#InTheMorningIMustHave a moment to myself to thank God.
Merry Christmas to all my friends and family!!! Love you all!! :-)
Good' Night I Love You too.!(;
Guess I'm not the only one who likes to look at printed comps
an existence of metaphysical comprehensions...
Come to Boston:(
Today I saw a yellow butterfly near me, ahh they're my favorite.
y'all boys talking after 1 loss?
Thinking about the 3 31 09 Spread the Word to end the World www.r-word.org and also how cute Ashton is when he gets waxed....
Day 1 1347: Good to be back.
. is pushing the JPM spin that they were just doing loss mitigation on MSNBC pretty hard right now.
I'm going to watch bleach on adultswim again them I'm z
I saw this quote today and it completely rings true: Common sense is so rare it should be considered a superpower.
i've heard uses ink as his defense mechanism... hopefully you weren't splashed!
Money aint a thang, but we all seem so in love with the fakeness it brings. #whyisthat ?
just saw ur post about color me rad. They offered me a giveaway too! Lol.
Music has charms to soothe the savage beast, to soften rocks or bend a knotted oak.
": Here's my number, so call me maybe." Funny music video! Lol
Making cake which Is new to me because I hate cooking but I'm hungry.
AND they are under no obligation to give it #seniorcitizens #scams #aging,
Hell yes! Me too. Great minds... flirt with insanity?!
hahaha, "Snakes and Lattes" is an awesome name. :D ...def give Hive a shot though, you will like it :)
RT : It's Match Day today at Drexel University College of Medicine. Good Luck everyone!
Like this , like that .. like in 3 seconds if you wanna get kicked in the FACE !
President Obama has ordered the chair from #TheVoice, feels it would go well in the Oval Office...
Day 5 of not winning duh. Want to be over this snot infestation and move on to better times . . .
heck yes! Come see us and we will hook you up with a Birthday present!
yah! We just finished a new song called blackout. It's a more alternative/piano type!
Heck yeah! I haven't even been in love once and I'm older than her. Ha.
Thx for the mention the RT and welcome new followers
nice thats where im at now
Can't wait to see win the Masters one day..He's almost as good as although I've never seen him play
the awkward moment when i have to take the holland exchange student to anatomy & we're dissecting rats
lol not really
Hey matt! Truth or Adair? *slaps knee*
Professional Fitness Instructor/Trainers wanted..: Professional Fitness Instructor/Trainers wanted.. Inbox me yo...
men and women.
you HAVE to. I'm making this a formal request. I've filled out the paperwork and all, madame.
My house is filled with both good friends and food. This is good.
The zappos app may be the catalyst for my future financial ruin. I bought 3 pairs of shoes while lying in bed! Before 7am!
Nice to be finally working dual monitors.
I honestly care I just never show it. I hide things well.
I love PRINCETON follow me If you re MINDLESS 24/7.
haha omg! Did you watch her?
I wish I was. Perhaps I should be.
so I can laugh :)
We are going on a dinner adventure Friday and are taking suggestions for places for red meat and non red meat eaters! Tweet us your picks!
could we get an interview with ya?(:
& a kiss Onna forehead. 😘
Is it too early to say that Call Me Maybe is the best one hit wonder of 2012?
Apocalypse now at the Josephine... So psychedelic.
No. Not a Chinese heart attack. A sinus infection.
that actually makes sense, setting it free from institutional association and allowing it to become public?
You must share your learning...I am so interested in rethinking PD!
Oh good! Twitter said I couldn't DM you as you weren't following. A list/group follow is fine by me (if not by twitter).
Will happily welcome both.
IU needs a real point guard!!!
Dark ass music in the morning >>>>>>> and I'm not going to church tomorrow
Prolly the worst roadtrip ive ever been on. #thunderstorms #roadwork never getting home at this pace
I should start a blog on just round-the-world trip hacks.
hahaha I said tiger! I ment get a hotel
It's too hot to cook so we had Caprese salad, a cheese plate, bread and marinated artichokes for dinner
haha. A flavor of milkshake?! I dunno, maybe at Chick-Fil-A or something
I'm officially on the two week countdown for taking the ACE Fitness Instructor Exam. I'm nervously excited.
Bet they're just devastated.
Wow, beautiful!
Well I just found the hair product that ALL bugs are attracted to.
SECRET AGENT RA-RA tore the RIM OFF ALEX CASTELLANOS'S DRAWERS. Maybe we found out why NO REPUBLICANS want to come on her SHOW. NLD Mom
Just 2.99 since it's just the first part of a serial. :)
wanna give a shoutout to my friend she is a singer guys keep it real follow her
someone sponsor the special moments in my life. listing would read " this special moment brought to you by__your name___". It's that easy!
follow back
🙌 RT : disagree.... Always pays my g! Remember that when they forget that ✊
DC drivers: run red light across 6 lanes of traffic to get stuck 30 feet ahead at the next light
I am looking for a custom home builder who might have a desire to assist 4-6 new home buyers to create in Valley Center.
Apple butter! Yum!
Wow. Best episode of #Scandal yet. The tension is palpable & the one liners here so good! New fav show
Horace~ Force without wisdom falls of its own weight.
Looking forward to seeing you all! RT : Can Not Wait!!
In Hollywood taking care of his bizz. Staying focused now, allows me to play harder later...
Thanks to Lisa Barr at Paws Whiskers and Wags for a great lunch today...Hickory House rocks.
GOOD MORNING! :)
#MBteamCL needs tweets
Reality in the United States of America = the control of brand image by fearfiul corporate marketeers.
Bobby's semi later :o
Just got back from 's amazing birthday shindig. Happy birthday, beautiful!
Same! :] so hows life, watcha been up to?? :D
Who&#39;s Hot, Who&#39;s Not? Wildest Weather Locales
wasnt on twitter since so much time
Online Help for Addiction | Pregnancy Health Guide
What a spectacularly beautiful day here at American River Park in Sacramento, CA - wildflowers are in abundance after all the recent rain
Brunch, brunch, brunch...I love brunch! Come get some!
great job on the iapp!
She there every time i need her
Went through hell im expecting heaven.
Tune in now to the #WGTBoard Show for good times, laughs, and of course, Carly Rae Jepsen!
must not have read the article about how you are losing money if you make text less than 16px
Hey, our cheerleaders aren't that fat anymore
what's up Katie? Long time no anything...hope all is well. Teach me how to twitter;-)
Congratulations to my coworker Susan Labhard our first winner of the DAISY award for outstanding nursing.
I stand corrected.
Some people don't want the Word of God, they want want you to agree with their mindset. Leave them be.
Good Morning!
Our first batch of invites will be emailed out in about 2 hours.
oh! good to know. Well, hello from Washington! :)
Maybe that Klein on nashville is a dolt, so what? Renne is the glue, eh?
#WeMissedOut! RT: state of the union drinking game (Check out my last tweet)
Head out to Urbanovsky Park tonight at 6PM for Ultimate, volleyball & more! Enjoy fellowship with other brothers!
just chilling :) u?
Been lured into staying in the living room for 3 hours by the unfulfilled promise of a movie. Good thing I like staring at walls.
Severe thunderstorm while waiting at the gate in LEX airport. Fingers crossed, no delays.
Tunnels RT : Tunnels or plugs.
Hope you're having a great time & can't wait to hear all about it!
Kobe doesn't cry about hard fouls. Isn't that why all you people love him? You all sound like Derrick Rose.
Data preservation protocols can be established but will also take funds for training staff and maintenance longterm.
bad girls club reunion...this is gonna be good !
Just had a conversation with someone who is skeptical humans evolved, but thinks we might have come from another planet. I was polite.
I've officially been accepted into stunt school!!
To the world you might be one person, but to one person you might be the world.
Thread through talks about finding our dreams and sharing that with the world to make the world a better place &quot;
Just working really
You were the only one. Sadly ):
TRAFFIC - Road Closed because of crash - WB I90/94 @ Camp Douglas. Watch for detour
#FF 'Cause he gives amazing compliments that will pick you up no matter how your feeling.
