probably a "slip" of the tongue but you just can't say that..maybe the teleprompter was broken
My first tennis lessons.
Thursday burnt ends & bring your friends - buy a pound of pork ribs get a 1/2 pound free
trust me i know im your whole life. you dont even know it yet. thats how awesome we are.
Nice Wave Wednesday! "The quieter you become, the more you can hear." (Ram Dass)
Forward-looking. Probably much more interesting to him than my own backward-looking question, actually. :-)
on #HALLOWEEN im going to play your song #CALLINGALLTHEMONSTERS im going to be you on halloween!RT PLZ
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
note to self: make a romantic movie where half the cast is transsexual. Let the audience play "who's the man/woman"
if you can't do it in jeans and a t-shirt you should probably have the lights turned off.
Where does one learn to operate a Zamboni??
Cool idea for an exhibit!
This Tuckahoe and red hot utz >>>>>>>>
LBs Marcus Dowtin and Eddie Jones were working off to side during early part of team drills.
hello bradley X]
counting down the days till Spring Break... 33 days till Cancun, Mexico!
Conflict of Interest! Need 2 tawk 2 someone who knowz me inside-out 2 help narrow thingz down. ***Settling 4 Best of The Best***
I Fn hate it when I don't get a straw for my sweet tea at McDonalds. makes me so mad
um LOVED it!!!! Kinda jealous I didn't get to be a part ;) ur amazing!
Whoa! London? Nice work, dude.
RT Very impressed with how well Ron's outside game has improved.
Thx! So far, so good.
My little sis just said 'remember when I had swine flu & in order to talk to you, you made me put my nose like a pig & sing the piggy song'
That money you see me with thats mine, clean whip that's mine, fresh kicks them mine, yo chick i'll borrow her you can have her wen im done
Yes that is!!
The Native Americans believed that God has a plan for north, south, east and west, and the very center --not only of the earth --but of us.
Also we'll be putting out a casting call very soon. Still locking down the details on the location.
I am in love with true culinary danger. Starbucks Salted Caramel Hot Chocolate. How many cholestrol inducing calories can there be a cup?
Wow! Inner city students win #polo title
Almost in memphis YAY
and then give RVP a rest
Oh no! So very sad!!
«: this chair is the perfect chair for people that hate sitting» I think he's in the conference room.
Twitter Tuesday! Free 4pk of 1oz. portion cup No Nuts Golden Peabutter with your purchase today! Write Peabutter in the comments section!
Thanks for the tweet and blog post! We look forward to seeing you on Saturday.
Definitely. I should shoot you both together.
follow me back?
Secret ingredient in the Balsan playlist:
My impulse is to say the "Mutable" part is a modifier and should go first, though what is the class hierarchy? Any non-Mutable?
“: lets find another gig guys, like seriously....Lemme know. This sucks!
If I Die Tomorrow cremate me and spread my ashes in the Trevi Fountain in Italy! Then get gelato ice cream #Njoy! :)
RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON
yeah tried the editing part and it wouldn't work. I ended up printing and scanning. But couldn't scan as a PDF. Did a .PNG :/
RT If your Christmas sweater can't be seen by orbiting weather satellites, you're not trying hard enough.
Kim Jong Il is dead?? WTF.
hot and stuffy as usual...
EXPERIENCED Retail Professional...Looking for District Manager position or higher...www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
YOU LOOK LIKE A BABE! and i love your hair :) im jealous. -_-
#InCaseYouDidntKnow Your slow ass texting ...got me lookin for somebody else to talk too
We're looking forward to seeing everyone!
Yeah, I'm pretty sure I still have it. Let's try and meet up man
you're a wonderful pinball player.
uh uh dont come crying to me boo
I'm my way to a Beach Party. PEACE!!!
man i SWEAR !
I should do some writing but am going to watch tv with my wife instead.
how's you're food mine is great
I severly sprained my ankle once. gave me a little less than three weeks of hell before I sucked it up and just dealt with it.
S|O to on the luv #SnapBacksNAllDat ! Follow her ~>Instagram
don't worry this kinda love is unconditional ;) cc ,
"H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A"
Omg, 4 hours & 30 minutes in this class -_-
This Blows I am stuck at home on Halloween.....my favorite holiday. Yes, Halloween is a holiday
Would love a definition of "Early 2012" for release of Touch Apps for iOS…grumble, grumble!
Happy, happy birthday !
. Help us spread the word about a #VAGOP majority in the Senate. We can make it happen with your vote
Excited to be back worshipping with !!
We saw about 5 flakes fall up here in #VanWa. #uneventful RT : #snOMG -- YAY! Snow in Sw Portland.
my point exactly lol
JKidd, we all thank you tonight.
guess we're not gonna be there...
Just seeing a picture of you, hearing your name... and instantly feeling that hurt in my heart. Will it ever go away.
Nicks/Manning Drink Your Milkshake. Sluuuurrrrrppppp! And yes, there will be Blood...
not quite yet, but i like where your head's at RT : Finally a clutch hit for posey! Game tied :-)
I have never been so stressed out in my entire life and I simply cannot do this anymore.
Does any one know any digital humanities peeps who are based in Taiwan? I heard that there was a #THATCamp in Taipei a few years ago.
Whoever comes through #Miami holla @ me!!
O, #DVRAlert. is on Letterman tonight. Charming.
Its on!!
Omg I LOVE
I will always be at the ready with a hammer and some serious rap music when the office equipment is naughty!
Someone Please Tell That She's GORGEOUS Just The Way She Is! <3
Commissission breaks for lunch, will resume at 1pm.
Trying to hook up my account with my account. If only Etsy included the shop url in listings. WUWT?
dad liked beer too.
And talking about social media with Haihua Li! Fun!
Healing with whole foods, great read recommended by
lol no i barely had any followers :p
Re death "If still he be, and he be There, and there be a There, let him be happy, O Fate!"
I like that name. Idk, it's different.
hey. Do you wanna be my friend?
I have texted you!
Insect bite remedies not effective
None laying down, I'm sick .______. Wbu?
FRESH TIP FOR YOUR SOUL: Love as if you have never been hurt before! The journey is so much more fun that way! :) xo, Kerry
Why should I follow you on Twitter AND Facebook if you post the same to both? Different mediums, different content, no?
friendzone? Well we know who isn't getting a puppy, ice cream or dinner now (:
hey it's GO time! RT : Tori Spelling is pregnant with her FOURTH child just FIVE months after giving birth.
X Games has found a cool way to activate with Jeep and Navy through X shaped LED boards. Great value.
We are having a wine sale...
Never give up! (: I nearly died when he followed me. Haha
prior was on Badger St that is. Over by St Mary hospital
Just did another radio interview. Two today. Wow, this is getting serious...Seriously AWESOME!!!!!!
No, Twitter, I don't want to follow Subway freshbuzz. Really?
This is some real bullsh*t, so they pick & choose who 2 feel sorry 4, SMDH! But they continue 2 hate on #Kenya - WOW!
Go Kings!!!
Thanks! We were really looking for some solid Irish representation! Looking forward to meeting you & hearing about your biz!
. Haha, thought what you were going to say again was you didn't like suspenders. Like, I got it.
Thunder or the windows rattling
Where is my boyfriend when I need him
A lady asked to take my photo in the lobby. Of course Vine said Yes! :-))
g2g sorry bye *hugs and kisses*
Bookcase packed and disassembled!
Are you all finally coming to America!??
I really want to shoot all the annoying freshman in my Spanish class...
#goblue #gotigers "you need to give a Damn bout the whole state of Michigan"
I ain't a killer but don't push me
If I ever need a lawyer, can I call you?
I saw a piece if shit on the ground, it reminded me of you.
Julie Perretta, please accept our infinite gratitude! <3
Another boring playoff game so far unless you're a heat homer.
Getting my vision stats up
Shout out to amazing work!! Keep it up! I definitely will be buying a shirt from them soon! You should too.
Ask me any questions, anytime FREE send me a DM.
look in the mirror and repeat that to urself someday u might actually believe it LMAO
Yes, but it is also made out of Peeps. And, yes.
I use Zotero. Saves my bacon!
New clubs added to Scottsdale & PHX inventory today.R11,RAZRhawk and diablo octane drivers. RAZRX tour irons.
Food Trucks are at Poes Rentals Tonight. 9600 South Dixie Hwy Kendal/Pinecrest. CHECK IT OUT!!!!
nice meeting you!
nothing we just chilled
Which oil did you go with? Püchner recommends linseed, but Chip warns against it.
sorry no respect for Lakers after what WMP did to Harden, & whats with ripping jerseys off when they get spanked
Half an hour "going deeper" on the "notion of close up"
68% of Heat fans should not be making even the most rudimentary decisions for themselves.
She's almost here
A little work and you'd have yourself a haiku.
Hope that you don't get them at all! I heard it gets worse when you're older.
" #mythBUSTER: #YOLO !? Actually, you don't live once. How you live NOW will determine where you will live in eternity!!”
Tell Ur Mom I Said Happy MDay
is wix down????
HA! RT Please get your butt off your brothers head. - things I just said that I never thought id say.
where you watching the game tonight? Is there a game watch somewhere in WI? I'm waiting to hear back from the Alumni club
Im the shit and I need toilet paper :)
Sometimes when friends and family hurt u, u make da most irrational decision ever dat ends up with u more hurt then ever before
yeah did you guys know me and ed have an insider.
Me too! RT Excited to meet my fellow VIP bloggers tmrw- some old friends, many new.
Watching #toddlersandtiaras.... I'd never thought I'd get to say this.... It's actually really addicting!
oh...i have no idea then..umm
Again for the record, ur namecalling and not me. It amazes me how a person like you can write for a website...
Just shattered my phone screen for the second time....
We are always accepting book donations. You can call us at 275-4040 if you have books to donate, and we can tell you about dropoff sites.
Man i love fridays! Especially when tht certain friday just so happens to be a half day!
Happy Daylight Saving Time! Where did ny hour of sleep go?
#Huguely verdict has been reached! Announcement to come in just a minute
I can remember when the air was clean and sex was dirty.
Pretty sure if Michigan loses to Ohio that would fall under the category of Ultimate Karma.
Oh my god that was a stupid play...
Here till 5am so 4 hours to go. Could use some good conversation
Apparently it's unacceptable to wear a "What Would Oprah Do Shirt?" in Dunkin Donuts on a Church day.
Take some pictures w your camera phone and send those to backers as rewards. Maybe postcards and barfbags for higher levels.
Meeting with a local film archivist-type today.
...is tuning in to the webinar> Connecting with Struggling Readers: Resources, Tips, and Advice to Engage and Inspire
We're buying agriculture stocks today, MOS, POT, and CF Industries. Stock, Calls, and bullish call spreads. Great opportunity.
Im walking on sunshine! :)
Listening to the diners around me speak Chinese. Does it make me antisocial that I enjoy not understanding a word?
Spice up your #Mondays with $3 ceviche & $3 spicy margaritas.
you're welcome! Yes, it's from Thanks so much for your and 's hospitality and amazing tamales!
Introducing my Entrepreneur Consultant Company at the start of the year. The Corban Consultant Company
I STILL havent seen the new #Marblehornets video!!! asdfghjk1234rfc
Must be the best E-tank fillers ever today on the road! Bring energy & enthusiasm for each other!
In the depth of the hierarchy of the world, I am closer to peasant rice farmers than Gen. Keith Alexander, Eric Schmidt or Lloyd Blankfein.
Work was slow with no excitement today bo!
have u heard anything from admissions yet?
thats when you know if they love you
RT: - PRESERVATION - No COVER B4 10:30pm - #House #Techno All night! - W.A.R.M.T.H. #Detroit Represent #Seattle - SUPORT LOCAL
i love staying up late. talk to no one. just think about things and life, and future.
I hate commercials that use Christmas jingles.
Made my friends listen to one direction, carly rae, and then introduced them to a day to remember. They hate me.
My nuts hang like aint no curfew.... Bitch and if u wave then I will surf you
post your listings with us for more exposure
As we are starting up we are always interested in getting feedback about our site. We want to reward you for your input :)
Thanks for the retweet!
When "Publish Site" (10 minute process) is next to "Publish Item" (3 seconds), please provide an "Are you sure?" dialog for me.
Whats the hold up in traffic? Choke on Bethel St!!!
Looking forward to #strictlybusiness seminar tonight at
What did Jack Frost say to Frosty the Snowman?Have an ice day!
Library GRIND BOLD is French Roast
I want two tattoos & three piercings when I turn 18.
There it is!!
hahaha well I refuse to listen to your command!
Itz a ghost town in dis b#$*h!
Talking about the theological implications of how churches use new media
when is it going to be over
Thanks for the #FF!
FBCD... Bottom play with amazing upside potential!!! One ass hole holding this back. Slap the ask and he's out then were off to da moon!!!
he looks like an uptight dad from a John Hughes movie
Getting texts from the people you want to talk to you >> :)
Yes. That is wrong. HA! #don'tjinxme
Temper tantrums are getting more costly. My toddler threw our iPad today. Growing up I remember a good door slam usually did the trick.
There's nothin' wrong with OCD as long as it's for me.
Bleached my hair!<3
yupp lol, so what you like cheese on? besides your head of course...
RT : Tell us your #story in 140 characters or less! Impossible? No way! It's the StoryCorps Challenge!
Finals at then brought (15) 6-8 graders from an after-school class I teach in Mpls back to for a tour! FUN!
is it April?! oh...its april :)
Heh, the lead told them to get to the chopper. Schwarzeneggar he is not.
Power restored. Hope it stays that way.
Nobody replys too me when I need them . I have no friends . Im so fucking pathetic .
Two lovely sisters going to prom tonight..so pretty!
guy w/ 1.3 has 1.4 too... Doubt he would. So you think Luck? I think Martins numbers will be comprable to TRich.
That is the best news I've heard all day. Carry on, then!
evil evil lady
So... Who wants to let me borrow their BRip dog park pass? :) Center is closed and Piper is devastated.
...there is a thing I don't understand I have learned it is called talk but I have not learned to say the word
someone do my taxes! there is no reward. just my company- more like me staring at you as you enter numbers. Sound like fun? hit me up! :)
Yes! Lucky me, just when I asked you. Haha.
Great meeting with re: and innovation within Enterprise.
Waiting for someone to txt back is just so much fun
I don't know. But said at her author talk that there will be a red theme in each cover.
I just defeated all of you wanna be's.
Lisa, how are you?
NEED HELP! Anyone know of any articles in managing AEs and clients from a Creative Director's POV?
new job<3
We have 4 followers. MOST FAMOUS PEOPLE ON TWITTA RIGHT HEEEEYYYAAAAAAA
RT : drafted the ultimate college fantasy football team. Good luck fighting for 2nd
Tmrw nite 10/5 the Echo Beach jazz quartet at Cato's Ale House, Oaktown. Minus me: Charlie Gurke on sax will sit in. www.mrcato.com
Love the atmosphere in Oklahoma City. It looks like a playoff game.
What a way down then way up day!
no doubt
About to get to school
really cold here in chicago today. someone told me who was from the east cost that its not just cold in chicago it's brutally cold. right!
I don't like to be annoyed but I like annoying ppl.... To a certain extent.
So, I accidentally said "I love you" to the guy who took my dinner reservation. It's gonna be super awkward when I kiss him later.
We did it! We did it! Wettest March ever in Oregon history.. more than 7.52 inches! Thanks for nothing Ma Nature!
great interview with today!
hurry up n get yo ass home we got vacation planning to do
Something that annoys me: websites that have mouse-over effects that must happen on touch devices. I do NOT want to tap twice!
Niki played the part of GaGa this year...
you can't go backward, you must go forward to go back ~ Willie Wonka (not to be confused with Willy Wonka)
Waitin on this food hungry af.
Yes, and I are listening to Dokken, drinking port about to go bad, and writing.
Happy Easter! Wishing all who celebrate the chance to enjoy this day with friends and family.
that'd be sweet..let me know when.. Ill make sure im off so we can parrrtty
Tip #183: Try an online session without a #HUD. Our #brains are very powerful. You will grow & recognize spots that your HUD does not show.
Anthony's 0:
Off to teach doctoral class on leadership and collaboration. What qualities do you see in the best collaborators?
Startup Breakfast is back at Langermann's (until 11am), Workshop is at the ETC (11am – 12:30pm).
Just saw Matt Gerbig in a Dodge Charger commercial, creeping on ladies.
Exciting news for the MAM5ive group as we just landed the Starr Group as our new client. MAM5ive will be branding a new campaign for their …
its a joke! theyre ridiculous
$24 million in bribes hushed up. And internal investigation handed to a perpetrator. Wow, indeed.
RT : #DailyQuote There is no beauty that is attractive without zest. — Christian Dior
That awkward moment when your trying to pee and your cat is staring at you... -.-
thank you!
Long day moving, hangin with mom!
boys in my school are such assholes
Just think if magic happens, gets all the credit. If not he'll be in same spot next yr regardless (w/low profile)
Good Morning Beauties! I hope everyone is well rested and striving for perfection although we know we can't be perfect.
We can't get games to run on OSX and Linux, but they wrote a virus to infect alien ships in Independence Day.
FUCKING PUMPED to see kill it tonight during their sold out/last show on Fire & Ice <3
Everyone brings something special to the workplace, don't discount someone else's value simply because their talents differ from yours
Hey Rob, feel free to email me at and I can discuss with you on investment opportunities. Thanks!
Chicago Public Schools are closed tomorrow due to weather - first time since January of 1999. I blame Rahm Emanuel.
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
In bed. Listening to songs
Looking at Google Analytics data is kind of intoxicating.
RT : Every dog has its day...
I think Olin Kreutz just misses Chicago
I get at least 5 phone calls a day off three, I don't even know what they want but i refuse to answer..
Breaking: on my way to plane crash at dane county regional airport
good and u?
THATS WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT. DO YOUR TING GIRL.
And is now awake
gotcha. Thanks.
@ thank you for the mention k Kevin Cheng
There something about Vampiers that turn me on lol Thank you Johny Depp & R-Patz;)
I have to go through this horror story again. I threw the ring away, I'm going to get it out of me early this time.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood! Have you and your dog(s) gone outside or are you melting from the heat already? :-)
OHMYGOSHH, can June just come already so i can be out of school ? i'm sick of being there ! d:< #hurryupalready !
Red beans simmering...about to kick back, watch THE Boston Celtics and do some long tones on the trumpet.
happy birthday! 22
Watching "Band of Brothers" for the first time. Weird how I needed that to cheer me up after "We Need to Talk About Kevin."
TGIF@ the Farm..come by and pick up our strain of the day, or one of our many other specials! Check it out
I watched the first 2 episodes last night. I need to discuss this show with you at some point. Bonfire optional, booze not.
no horror stories.
Thanks for posting about my film!
also, Connie Francis..
Still don't understand why people J-walk, like that ass won't get hit!!!
It has been about 100 degrees for 3 days in a row at
yes it is. Very!
Knute Rockne called it the forward pass.
Raise the Jolly Roger!!
BOO! Have a great weekend! Happy 2012! Lotsa love to the family!
What a beautiful day to be off from work! Spent the AM packing & organizing. This moving to Chicago thing is getting serious!
Y'all have a good day...
#ItsCrazyHow I haven't been home in like a week... hahahaah.
Goin to where its always sunny tonight, Philly tonight
Discovered a new surprise favorite in "United States of Tara." 15 episodes in 24 hours.
RT : i want some pussy...
I was there! We're you?
< they need prayer!
BIG congrats! Way to go!
GUYS. I HAVE TO GO TO SCHOOL. :/
“: Who else thought Spongebob's parents were cookies? LET'S BE HONEST HERE.” hahaha
These pants are like regular pants except they're for baseball. They're my baseball pants.
I hv been thinking of new things here and there & forgetting to document my ideas! I need an App for VM Recorder on my phone. #HaveAnyIdeas?
Good morning. Thx for the mention. Hope you have a great Thursday too :)
hi babe. just relax.
Phelps is phenomenal. I am looking forward to watching him sweep tonight.
The swans have gone...
"End of the World" should come with a warning label.
Check out & “: Know any great craft or small batch coffee roasters? Looking for a new cup of joe.
Grr cant sleep all i can think about is me in england and meeting
Chick fil a is the model 4 restaurants!
": God hates no one"
You can meet many people who can change your life for an instant but you only meet one person who can change your life forever!
going to bed crying because Vincent didn't say anything about the boyz.....
Angeline's OUT OF THE GARDEN, tales of the Barbarian Kabar of El Hazzar is very close to publication. Serious #SwordAndSorcery action, soon!
If you are doing a juice cleanse, are you combining it with a colonic? Or vice versa?
at home? Now you're just showing off...lol save some for me and my girls please :)
lol it's the little smiley emotions
Happy President's Day , , and
That's it, I'm calling in "stabby" tomorrow.
I am not surprised. I will wait to hear your side of the story. Ha!
I must be bored if I'm watching U.S. House of Representatives on tv...fml & in need of a new one!
is attending a #destinationwedding seminar.
Where am I working tomorrow? NR or DDD3? Someone claim me please.
I like your background
For real! I woulda put Theresa in her place a long time ago.
just being honest - <3
R.E.M broke up.
did she break all of her fingers? thats always the worst.
Finishing up The Rules of Survival tonight then library sometime soon for my next batch of books.
open arms
woo bass!
Happy Thanksgiving!
: I loved Jody MacDonald "I like it.. don't love it!" "Hey Jody, do me a favor..Appreciate it!!"
We don't even have a Wincos here in South Bay.. I don't think..
Dear sir, I am in your Chicago establishment. So happy there is one now in the Midwest!
Wow! declined paying clz costs for my fully approved #FHA buyer bcuz they won't use Centex lender, but will pay if switch
y is it that.. since i became emotionally detatched.. he doin all the right things... too late..
It's never too late to become what you might have been. -George Elliot
Salt and pepper go to right for passing
Don't forget...the Barkan special ends TODAY! $5.95 per bottle
Who's playing now? Might ride my bike down..
Hm. Better than Wendy's?
Seguin shoots puck over Montoya's shoulder.Snap shot from high in left circle. Bergeron and Marchand get assists. 4-2 #Bruins over
Champions are made from something deep inside them, a desire, a dream, a vision
It wasn't Menard, but at least it was a Cheesehead!!
when i see it it's usually abbreviated to Suu Kyi
not sure if it will make the coffee BETTER but it was nice to know they are monitoring Twitter and trying!
If we all worked on the assumption that what is accepted as true is really true, there would be little hope of advance. Orville Wright
it's working, if not chk out front page
1 PEOPLE SHOULD FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT ;]
Hahahaha, you say all that shit to make people think you're nice.. Smh. Bitch you're fake as fuck. Shit talker, you're no "sweet girl" Ha!
P90X is great. Better to have an eye on exactly what your doing.In an amazingly cool world I would be your trainer.
Thank you to everyone that came out for the Healthy Living Expo on Saturday! Dr. Keith had a great time speaking at the event!
I dont like boogers unless there in my mouth
that's what I thought too. He said she wasnt out very long. She got a rude awakening.
Thank you for all the tweeting! Have a great Mom's Day! RT : Thank you for the Mom's Day RT--enjoy!
On the way to
"I got 2 pickles, I got 2 pickles. I got 2 pickles hey hey hey hey" dude...it's an effing pickle. NO ONE CARES!
If you would FOLLOW ME id be the happiest #boyarianator in the world <333 Please give me a follow or shoutout :(
check us out at SOWO. We will be a vendor there.
"It's always darkest before the dawn" Thank you Florence + the Machine for
Black Veil Brides rock my socks off and blow my mind!!!!
It is awesome seeing our students grow in our primary tenets of Courtesy, Attentiveness, Perseverance, Self-Control, Honor, and Courage.
The awkward moment when you try to move to the center... before speaking at Liberty University
It's a beautiful morning! Time to wake up and smell the coffee, or in my case the cinnamon, cayenne and apple cider vinegar w/ ageve tea.
Oh I'm cute. Just kidding. I'm lame. I'm laying in bed. I love my mother.
I'm still on Viola's side.
Right, 6- and 7-time all-stars were "incredibly under-appreciated." There are levels of appreciation between forgotten & HOF.
We made $4,400 at our book sale yesterday. Many thanks to all!
RT : haha, u know is my girl right?
#FF Some great #Seattle #nonprofit tweeps
Vegas bound, baby!
when falls asleep on my couch and starts twitching and snoring... again > hahah XD
😁 yes... It's a private thing that is blowing up my TL as well.
Wait did you know its possible to txt in the shower?
let's hoop Bitch
always jealous when some young'un comes into the office to pitch their wine, but feel better that it's usually for their parents' vineyard
I'm not a cry baby. -_________________-- but thanks.
Tonight is so fucking awesome.
It's much more user friendly than TweetDeck; I couldn't load any of my Facebook accounts on TD.
You can say it's speculation. But I bet it will be true when they make it official.
we love that basketball (bow wow/jermaine), Basketball-Kurtis blow, today was a good day-Ice Cube (lakers beat the supersoncis)
thanks very much. I hope the same for you! I'm keeping you in my thoughts and prayers :)
We are starting the Design applications and are reviewing application #130105 - John Frigo.
Busy morning strategizing with our partners at !
Niggas faking hard to be a twitter star you can buy a rozay but cant buy a car niggas faking like they got it but really they be hurting.
lol hahaha I just changed my password so it shouldn't be doing it anymore! 👍
yup its true Lahoud, swing by! first round on us!
I see it didn't take long for insomnia to follow me to Poland.
I love how people (including me) are so dramatic now. We get a paper cut and start screaming "IM GONNA DIE OMG IM GONNA DIE" hahha calm down
What are people on the outside saying about COS? A consistent thread from experienced travelers: "Look at the rainbows"
Thank you for holding the #megaIIN in Long Beach! It means I get to visit with my best friend in Malibu Thurs and Fri!
He's climbing in yo windows, he's snatchin yo people up, tryin to rape em so u need to hide yo kids hide yo wives, nd hide yo husbands
Julia Porter is THE BOMB! Take good care of her!
”do us apart” is part of the wedding saying. ”til death, do us apart.” this one will have two meanings.
awe silly harry  
challenge accepted lol
Just got accepted to be a producer for Current TV!!!
My Quote of the Day - "Behind every beautiful thing, there's some kind of pain.", Bob Dylan
Ever wake up with that freshly undead feeling? Its like getting a new lease on un-life!
Syr/Ash officiating = Fail
well can i call you or you what?
Tough way to end the season for the Hawks. Still a great series. This could be the year for Nashville.
Well that's one way to do it!
and, san diego misses you!!!!!!
I SWEAR EVERYBODY TWEETIN BOUT #OLIVIA HYPOCRITICAL YAW CALLIN HER A #HATER BUT STEADY HATIN ON HER DONT WATCH DA SHIT! ION GOT NO
it's storming pretty bad D: and it's only 3 a.m..... asd5hjklz;
thanks for helping me with so much in my writing career.
#TheWireTaughtMe the proper usage of jail ("I know how to") and police ("I'm a")
But lookit how fucking handsome he is! :)
loving your twitter page, keep up the great work and thanks for the follow.
a business degree. Hoping that combining that with my IT degree will help. You know it's tough when even costco is out of jobs
I'm about to go to bed :p
Finished Calligrapher's Daughter and more tears flowed. You're an expert at capturing unspoken emotions.
Feedfoward - a respectful suggestion for another to achieve future success targeting a behavior that they have identified as critical.
You should have been to the AFP Fiscal Responsibility gathering in Clackamas Sat. The people are speaking. You'd be proud.
valentine what do you think of bottled
Let's get 100 followers ya?!
But I think I fell inlove when I found out vicky secret
I didn't get a chance to work on it...I will send u lot of stuff once I get to europe
A wonderful Sunday dinner with the family is now to be followed by a few hours together. Sweet!
Teal tomorrow 👌
Aw Schneider really got in trouble lmao
It's not spring break when it is 37 degrees outside . 😡
made some new friends. Someone's gonna win a new 3ds!
Lee Enterprises reports results for second fiscal quarter
What a pass!
i only did one pg im gonna do more once i get home . I have a feeling she would've if we didn't show up & she knew we were in ssr
Made your Sunday dinner Minestrone this a.m. Look & smells good! “: #FoodForward, a great new PBS show about the people
Lol we can switch I can deal with 40 degrees you can this 80 degrees everyday a nigga tired of sweating
The voyeur cam is on! Running early.
Can't wait until Monday morning when we're up 6.5 games on the Red Sox...get my new google voice # (951) CHYEAH1
9 is my number and 11 is my b'day so I gotta Love that!
Rangers vs st loser cardinals...go texas...for my wife
Haha your not getting shit! :) : I would like popcorn and hot dogs :)
Shoutout to everyone follow!
Longest. Night. Ever.
When I say "you fill up those cups" I meant my friends drinks, not a compliment you egotistical whore.
some dude idk!!!
pro-Walker promoted tweets may get young voters to polls for yet #promotedtweetsannoying!
#FindUW Learning: target was the more senior student. Need to educate new students how to connect w/
That name just seemed right. (With the English pronunciation, of courase...)
Anyone ever notice Sarkozy looks like that guy that plays Monk on TV?
It's better to end something and start another beginning than to imprison yourself in hoping for the impossible...
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. - Judy Garland
Hey people, we've recently connected on Twitter. Stay tuned for news and announcements for pressure washers
woke up now I can't sleep
Exactly how much does Jeeter get paid?
Cat Cora ’s cute ringlet curls
Wow rally wanna see dark shadows
Glad you like them!
Did all the Thunder fans go to bed early?
Come down and listen to pubbys Irish band for happy hour and maybe learn how to do the jig!!!! We also have $3 taps from 5 till close....
Happy Mother's Day to my mommy followers : )
Not that I saw, but there's v little doubt many judges do.
You phony as air force 1's they buy outta the ARAB sto'
#1dayuntilCOLS then Sebastian will burn down the world!😱❤
Is her genealogy/family history done?
game friday colorguard learning dance routines <3 so we can show this school how we get down
Come on Vic No tip of the cap for all these sox fans?
thanks for the retweet!
Very cool.
Still editing the web series, its looking pretty good!
How is it that I look this cute, when I feel like death?
you never askedd .
Can't figure out what station the Spurs game is on tonight?? Anyone know if CW35 is available in Austin?
notes that it is now officially considered "hot". I'm wearing shorts.
Thank god for this heating pad and this bottle of Vicodin #ouch :(
sent me!
Support local music!
Clybourne Park &amp; The Sound of Music - Broadway World
this my gucci !!!
And now I realise that I'm talking to somebody. Who don't know me and never follow me or maybe not read my tweets. :'(
with swear words and nudity, I presume.
no invite?
that's good!!
He be pissin me off when he don't txt back!!!
oh definitely
I swear stands for over dose
All I consume is venison sausage & coffee
Best we can hope for is the "Columbus Ohioans" RT : So IF Columbus were to get a NBA team, what should the mascot be?
Nothin In This World I Would'nt Do For You..
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude -If you change your attitude you will change your Fate!!!! TC
Can't wait to see #TheMaster! New film (sometime in 2012) by director: Paul Thomas Anderson (also writer: PTA). Looks super!
im not that worried about the pain I'm just worried about what it would look like! Lol
Nothing like spending a Friday with writers to find inspiration. Great job on MWA University.
Eight sherrifs on my metro train with guns and sunglasses on...nothing to see here, right?
Last night, I had a dream that you replied and followed me, Make My Dream Come True? :) xox. 
Allergies out the wazoo right now
Two weeks. Wounded warriors project benefit show. Be there. Attempttofail.com for details.
Better be...GRYFFINDOR!!!!!!! Hell yeah mother fuckers!!
In 1756, composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg, Austria.
These khakis are seriously so horrible, I hate wearing pants LOL
follow me back Chica
WE'RE HERE FOR YUH
I have a delicious salmon burger recipe I can share. It's so yummy!
U've got a lot of unsubstantiated Hubris, don't you? 'Cause I say what I think w/o hiding behind phony avatars. Bring It!
Big boy school is tough
what u know about that lol
The biggest problem I have with datomic, as with many "nosql"s, as with clojure, is lack of "second sourcing" for production use.
Woke up on the wrong side of the bed, the one that gives you hair that insists on flipping out
Love you too cuzzo! RT : Love and Miss Ya'll:
not a gameday question, but is campbells doing click for cans this year?
great tunes! Nice to be cheered while working ;-)
Payton Rae and Austin would look so cute together.
To live like this, you gotta pay
i want an imaginary friend
#ARealBoyfriend is you. ;D
We should totally chill after the show! (:
Yep it's on Lifetime, & u were adorable in it... August Rush!!!
Oh, Rush. Shut up. Just shut up. Please.
Headed to gym
Two-a-days in 97 degree heat. Ah, the joys of coaching! ;) Good luck this season!
Would you take the place of this man Would you take the nails from his hands -Jeremy Camp
Since I cant sing, I just look up instrumentals and synth solo the melodies haha
unless play some modern warfare or zombies but i dont wanna play alone. I need my xbox live back
": Expressing anger is a form of public littering-Willard Gaylin"
love you too dragon
you are welcome...used and supported QM, but found it was too difficult for faculty - CHICO seemed better :)
Man madana needs too stay at 140 and make some changes starting with learning how too use a jab
MAYBE ;P
could I get a rt I have tried for days so help a bro out
aww so sad
can you do another one please :)
would you dm to me again if i follow
download issue #61 www.XPOZ.com
omg, that sucks! I just hope I pass! Goodluck to you!!
#QLF 70 percent of liquid feeds to dairies are customized.
oh ok. Well when you or your bro play God of War 3, you'll like it and will be pumped for God of War Ascension
A spacemarine? “: I always feel good when I manage to get a space ship and a submarine into the same illustration.”
Smells like a marijuana bonfire on east bank of North Ave bridge.
I feel like crap and had to come into work for two meetings, both late. Baaaah.
I too, didn't want Adam on Idol tonight. I want him to perform and promote his own great songs. Trespassing is phenomenal.
So does Zeller come back for a sophomore season or is he a one and done in order to not risk injury and get the pro bucks?
Followed, Follow back?(:
He will be there for about 4 day's. Gloria,Mike,Angie and others are going too.
Best of luck to the whole Betamouse team. we will miss your Disney Geeky Goodness. Thanks for the good times!
Holy cow! Is Friday Wal-Mart night? I need a paper towel holder this place is nuts!
God makes us devil-proof.
Errands at the only store open!!! Please forgive for contributing to low prices at the cost of wages!
or just bring a carrot RT If you're stalked by a horse, STAND YOUR GROUND. RT : Word of the day: "stalking horse"
u saw my last tweet to u
We're having gorgeous weather (Sunny and 70) in Newport News, VA! How's the weather in your neck of the woods?
music just blasted from my work speakers. not awesome. but drink looks cool. i usually like shirtless dancing dogs.
The animation in Beatles Rock Band is amazing.
Glad I stayed home tonight
envious of friends who are just back from San Diego, especially when I'm about to go teach comma splices.
"We have the strangest revenue system in this state that I have ever seen." David Ward
hmm idk. I didn't really see him and idk him. I have a feeling he is you bf.....
It's beautiful that we have a plethora of talented people in da Mil. Dont be intimidated by it. Embrace it. We can do so much more 2getha
Just watched a few videos on optimizing my craps play
Demand your #Freedom and #Liberty! Elect
Fuckin' damn it! >:( It's all good, they got it next game.
A healthy dog or cat is no accident. It takes a commitment from you to provide your pet a healthy lifestyle & reg. Vet Care
Hah, okay! That will give me some time to catch up! Lol.
That awesome moment when you say something really funny and everyone laughs, so you just sit there like a boss
fear will never lead you to Positive Place#TD Jakes.
really, it's what we live for! Just sit and wait for a picture of an old man's junk...
how goes it?
Which kind of VSEncoding should I use? I wish the README of integer_encoding_library was more thorough.
"I love you, I always will... so when I say goodbye, I really mean see you later"
See that same hold go uncalled at least 15X per game.
I have been attending at DeVry University for 3 years.I would like to show u my Beats.I produce R&B music.
follow me <3
why does twitter insist on saying Raleigh is Meredith
Good work, lets get more followers than Jesus's second coming,
I need food in my system..
Milwaukee Public Museum Opens Cleopatra on Oct. 14!!!
Question for all my mamas - thinking about planning a Disney trip for next year. AL will be 2.5 years old then, is that too young?
HAPPY SAINT PATRICKS DAY! lets go!
Which is better? Driving to an indy retail shop or braving the parking and massess at the mall? We hope you'll choose local!
Appreciate the RT, friends. Hope your weekend is going well. Cheers!
love is real!
I can imagine how u felt in it
Now we gone get fucked up, No excuses, No apologies.
Just got booked to shoot the Paid dues fest this saturday :)
how was the flour shower?? Fucking no talent loser
So proud! RT : THANK YOU THANK YOU AGAIN FOR SORORITY GIRL OF YEAR. UNDEFEATED and it feels good!
dang- just got a free ticket to go and see Sting in Philly this eve and I can't make it. Grrrr.
Not sure those are trash cans. Maybe the first-ever #TEDxAtlanta shout out is one way to make progress on the big stuff.
I refuse to miss 11:11 now because of Now my bed time is later. ;p
This is a great discussion tonight. I depend upon this community and others to feed my reading plan and reading seasons.
Just DM'd u
Rained out. Boo.
that's not a good thing
Thanks for all of your hard work! Grey's and Private Practice are amazing! Can't wait to see what next season has in store!
Most definitely! You're dope and you have a really solid team behind you. I anticipate great things.
If this ear is bleeding now, it's really going to be bad when I really start stretching.
Off to shoot a music video for Pop Evil :)
you WOULD be a Lebron fan... ;)
Share and preserve! (cc: )
ah i really will get you one if you cant come!
Need to reach 750 followers ... again haha
For you !! RT Yay! Be yourself, judges can see right through an act. Embrace yourself & everyone else will too. :)
Sounds good.What about Ryan Grant?
Moss and Terakawa split 2 matches during regular season as it should be a great matchup between freshman and senior for NWOC singles title.
do I have to switch schools?
Uh oh about to go in on this #ThingsSheNeverToldYou TT I feel it comin lol
Not a fan of Bon Iver. Don't get it...BORING! (snore)
Are you local? is it free?
My job decided not to pay me $600 this week. Yay
I miss you Gilligan!
“: ending a phone call with your mother is one of the most challenging and frustrating things in the world.” tell me your secret!!
Auntie shut up
Ah! So the company's out of business?
I have to admit though the iPhone is pretty addictive.
omg I don't wanna be like Christian. 😷
Saw publicist I knew in the '90's & she looked terrible. Fatter & ridic haggard. Can't shake nightmare she thought the same of me.
What time do u start training
I hate hearing about your drama
are you getting your paperwork in order??
what kind of phone do youu have?
nice work. What are you up to later tonight?!?
Or an indication of Beijing's conclusions on Bo?
By using this service, you accept our Terms of Use
cool! And I offer a #twitter discount.
Rush Limaugh apologizes for his choice of wording, WTF??? It's a B.S. Apology, keep the pressure on his advertisers!!! His time will end.
You look great in your tees! RT Me, Jada, & supporting #zumbathon!
music video or in front of your computer? <21
PickUpLine: Hey baby, I'll screw you so hard the neighbors will be having a cigarette when we're done.
Miss loves 's When I Grow Up. She's using it as a defense for her top vocation choice of princess.
idk seriously where
stop it
yo dude, it's Geoff. Check your e-mail about a show.
I've been listening to Mike Shannon too much lately.
Today's been such a bad day and its only the morning...
LLS!! I remember that day!
We'd love to talk to you about being transportation of choice for your staff and guests.
check out the stream for the highlights
wish you were here.
aww nvm. i cant chat on there :/
It'd be awesome if Chelsea next faced & defeated Barca only eventually lose to Mourinho's Madrid. Best of bad possibilities
He's not with you? I thought you were the one looking after him.
I have that outfit!
we working my nigga !!
This weather calls for some country music.
Just Wanted to say Hi and Hope you had a great Day!(:
whoa! Just noticed your pic with JJ Barea! When did that happen? I'm jelly! That's awesome!!!
#merrychristmas Love you guys!!! s/O to all my fans and supporters that listen to juliusvevo via youtube and lets get it this 2012!!!!!!!!!!
reports Dwyane Wade and LeBron James are not expected at Tuesday's NBA meetings.
Ha! and you have many more years to go lol
Rain rain go away so I can smoke my weed today.
I'm trying to not swear anymore
Dilemma by nelly&Kelly.. aw i remember this was my fav song once *.* still love it!!
Welcome, GAAP Students! Want to know more about GERMS? Feel free to stop by our open house from 11AM - 3PM tomorrow, April 8th! HOYA SAXA!
"We are blessed to have a Raw Elements sunscreen on the market to help us stay healthy and look young.
NJ and US children have lost a true champion. You will be missed, Rep. Payne!
Original or remake? ": Best movie ever..might have to watch tonight! RT : The night he came home.. ??"
escuse me while i go jump off a bridge.
Waiting for some #hipsters to bitch about Ritchie Rich.
spotty connectivity is one of my major concerns in that area. *my* phone didn't work in my house until recently.
I'm an ASS man
- [] almost complete with you AUDIO upload from last night []
Sure, I will tell shaggy next time I see him
One thing I will never understand is.. how do you have the time to be in her face when you're always in mine?
Aww TYVM hun XO! RT : Wow, that's amazing. Good for you!!!!!!!! Hope she has an amazing day tomorrow ~ ATB ~J
Is "stoopid windy" a meteorological term?
Great ideas can’t get off the ground if you can’t present them for consideration. Our prototype capabilities can support your wildest ideas.
wow!! I just experience some super relevant targeted email marketing from Columbia Business School. Love it.
I don't know about you but it's hard for me to be creative when it's so hot out. Whew, can't wait for cooler days.
i freakin love you:)
thanks for playing in Baltimore last in night You have been a huge influence and inspiration for 10+ years of my guitar life
calling BS on your sources
Is Matt Millen secretly working as a consultant for #Lions ? Gotta ask since they took a WR in 2nd round to add to their NFC-best squad.
It's my sister's birthday! HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHRISTINA! She's older than me.
the ibooks would be accessible on any apple device, no android, windows, linux, etc.
Tune into NBC for the on Thursday morning around 8:35am to see me make my TV modelling debut!!! So excited!
It's alright. No pressure.
I am a pansexual, genderqueer, polyamorous grad student. I don't want to marry, but I support the right for anyone else to!
Tigers Jaw is always perfect at night. Buhbye.
Get with us at #HempCon today and say high!
Aw thanks!
Loved my 🍦date with the bestest ❤
Stuck in a weird place in life, not a Mom but 35, feels weird hanging out with non Moms cause they're all under 25 & in college. Sigh
Mr Ruiz... And your lucky haha #I'mboredasshityo
So I really think both elevators are broken.. -__- tf!? Only at the art institute. Smh.
Love the support! Sluts unite! RT Sitting with some sluts who will be walking on the 4th June!
I still talk to him sometimes when his on just to see how things are going!
it's why i prefer the city of dreams... its the only place i can high five jesus while riding a unicorn in teh clouds
Do you read on airplanes? All four mirasol-enabled e-readers feature an integrated front reading light that adjusts to dark surroundings
right good! :-)
Wow, keep showing us how intelligent you are. It's humorous
party at ur house,... Check!
haah well thank you happy new year to you in 37min!:)
I want to be with you, I want you to be mine; If you want me then please start giving me signs. . .<3
3 guesses as to what album I'm listening to as I head to the Ahmanson Theatre...
"Drunk How It's Made" You know, like Drunk History, but with the science channel show.
keep up the good work!
Well, busted. #MixedFeelings Want the kid to do well always, but also glad I don't have to play against him the rest the day!
you should marry in costa rica, my hubby and i did it was perfect.
i'm speechless.
TONIGHT: opening of "The Face of the Ghetto" exhibit, featuring never before seen photos taken by residents of the Lodz Ghetto. 6pm at
When the lights go in the city And the sun shines on the bay....Jan 6
I wish I was Drake.
Your words are my food, your breath my wine
RT : Help female victims of human trafficking get back on their feet with the Nomi Network Global Project...
♥ Strong people stand up for themselves, but stronger people stand up for others ♥
ya that makes me uncomfortable!!!! It was WAY too close to us!!!
It's not that you need to experience great pain to create great art, but rather- having experienced the pain, art becomes your only relief.
RT : Hiker Stranded On Mountain In Lakeside Rescued: A 61-year-old man who became stranded in heavy fog on El Capitan......
#WhatYouFindInLadiesHandbags their entire closet!
thanks for the RT & !
I am new to the programs,not the special ed but the school outside programs
www.1waytowellness.com to help focus your office.
Damn People everywhere try everything to bring down STA's rep
This is all crazy scary!
Man, whoever invented champagne and orange juice, I'd like to kiss on the mouth. -
A #badgerdays first. The marketing staff caught and passed the buses on the way home.
Impressions of California: colder than I thought, very scenic, expensive, relaxed. Glad I don't live there.
#imhavingfun cause I'm single .
Haaha not even!
followed! follow back(:
Everyone is so stinking feisty today.
Agreed. Would love to see Mullan score today.
I think #thelostsymbol might literally drive me insane before I'm done. Character just "crossed the Anacostia River into Maryland."
if it is us you are talking about we are at 1901 Fort Place SE, Wash DC, 20020
doing dishes, entertaining cats, going out to for lunch, twittering the afternoon away - yes, it's #procrastination!
Sometimes I cry at stupid things when I'm tired... Quite funny actually
I will be teaching the tech part at jonesboro middle
I spent 30 minutes biking. 451 calories burned.
Having a Fairuza Balk style witchcraft staredown with the hipster in skinny jeans who beat me to the plug. I'll make him move with my eyes.
Blehh :/ you feeling okay?
except those looking to rob you while you are out....
The 20th anniversary party at parish gallery georgetown is packed. The artwork, incredible.
whats reading? Im so confused.
Tonight's drinking words are magical, majestic and sex with Courtney .
You and the cocktails have been married on this trip.
This is why I love the #grammys! Crazy fun live mashups!
I love you more than I love somebody
ah I know-it's about 40 min from me too but I drop serious $$ when I road trip it out there. I'm scared to live closer to it.
there is a game 5 because a team has to win 4 games. And each team already has a win so there is deft a game 5
me either !!! Oh my god , it's gonna be soo toot .
trade the CBA for a winger for Sid, just sayin'
fuck around and find out adele got a jordan collection
the chip’s outta the bag! new sweet potato popchips are sweet, crispy and you can find them at your #losangeles #orangecounty #costco today
There's a Titanic 2 coming out?? Didn't the last survivor die at the end of the first film?
Everyone needs to follow the sexiest publicist in the game !!
Question of the day: Should Coach Jim Boeheim be out at as head coach of SU Basketball? Yes or no...
Name that Tune for tickets to Tegan and Sarah coming at the top of the hour...
I need my driving license and a car. That would be nice. Get away whenever you wanted really..
Good job, Lobos!
&why aren't you with me instead of her.
Moving sucks. I've cleaned out so many boxes & scrubbed so many fixtures I have the hands of a servant girl.
Im a very shy person when i don't know anybody
Sleeping in, in the morning:)
and its so hard to breathe
Good morning
“: SAP to Buy for $3.4 Billion j.mp/vYtLjk <- Congrats Lars and team!” congrats emergence!
Patron wanted Portland history book.
I was going to say the same thing! Great meeting you and thanks so much for introducing me to the dank world of hops.
JEALOUS. Don't have too much fun without me! I'm major FOMO-ing right now. ("fear of missing out" hahaha)
Thanks for the flowers in memory of the poppy pie. She will be missed tons.
then who's? Couldn't possibly be mine.
last day of the old job, longest day of my life! bah monday I begin a new journey into awesomeness!
Can you believe it's over? Thanks to everyone who participated in Mobile Learning Experience 2012!
I can't wait for the movie #RockofAges to come out! The production last year at Center for the Arts was awesome!!!
On any reckoning day.
and the photographer! *hint hint* :-)
thanks for the new follows, I can't really be on like I usually am but soon, moving in the process peace :)
Basketball; Everything Else Just Dont Matter Right Now!
Ok. Mini-breakdown is over. I am definitely PMSing. I feel better now.
Pistachio shells are brutal on the nails! I'm going to need a manicure!
Only since yesterday! Lol RT : Quite possibly the worst strike zone ever
chasing time into the sky why not lie with the one you love?
RT if ur tired of the imagine tweets im not gonna imagine im gonna practice for when the day kums im prepared:)
that's what's up!
This new2town mamacita is happy to call u my local brew! MRT “: We are proud to be the Hometown Beer of the Potomac Nationals!"
Just did a shot of cuervo....yuk!!!!! #however you spell it LOL
hey sweety i miss you!
RT : Who’s coming to #happyhour tonight?
your welcome
your avatar is kinda cool #JustSayin -CV
LOL. Have my mom's #1967 #Cadillac too. Runs in the family. Hubs drives #BMW on weekends cuz he has news car. Looks great
Its like you feel homesick for a place that doesn't even exist.
not me! i was working in excel! :P
I hate when you get stuck with a crap teacher and there is no way to escape to a better one.
Hard to root against #pacmen, but go #gmen!!
RT It's that time again to Get It On at Genki in Buckhead! Show that special someone how much you care!
Marcus with due respect, If you really want to help Black families, fight homophobic hatred. RT
You know you're from Coventry if you've ever seen the inside of Nicky's or Reko's.
Don't know what to do for dinner? Swing over to Fastino's 2600 Juan Tabo Blvd NE and enjoy an evening with friends or the family.
Just a tan legged Juliet, looking for my red-neck Romeo.
I've learned my wife is always right.
Gorgeous day!! Going to support the Broadway League this morning since I can't play :-/
and remember when creating a burned DVD of the slideshow was quaint and cool....alas, that was 9 years ago
I did miss it.. thanks love your show:-)
hope you all enjoyed our vip office space.
Fall Back And Get Smacked With The Back Of My Damn Hand
sure thing. Drop me a line
did u get busy jake?
She don't even know what the fuck she talkin about -.-"
All Doosh goes through three steps: First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as self-sacrifice.
For my height and age i'm supposed to be 180 lbs...i'm less than 5% body fat everywhere except my stomach (which is around 30) weighing 277
Just because your site is compliant doesn't mean it's accessible.
It is beyond electric at the YUM Center...ISU matching UK shot for shot.
And don't be shy, oh no..
DIET: Body shape determines your ability to lose weight.
Hey, fantastic! Thanks so much.
Finishing up the #lotr marathon with my youngest. Still think Two Towers is the best of the three movies.
My brother texted me yesterday and today...I put my number in his phone and I never imagined he would use it!
battle of the bands was great. (:
"...I'm in an awful way...I came in town a month ago...(Cat Stevens.)
It's certainly not been easy. He's married thou w/ his own child and he's working on his relationship w/ his Mom. Thx 4 watching!
You're just angry because he's correct. All bands can sound generic, but Nickelback is like that forever.
If a guy can't handle me with sweatpants he sure as hell cant handle me in a wedding dress -
Submit your application for the L program at
Thank you for Tweeting that article out, Andrew. Hope you're doing great, Sir.
I'm not gonna lie, the boys have ruined my social life, my interest in boys, my grades, and so much more, but yes I'm damn proud of it-Kelly
One in a million*
Good luck!
I can put my full trust in God and know that He'll never let me down.
This is my last day of Project Funway The kids have out done themselves...
but does it look like me now?
Why doesn't Brad Pitt have any #Oscars? He is such a good actor!
Instead of an ipad I'm getting an eye patch... Always wanted to be a pirate
RT : Can I get a RT? It's National Teacher Day. This hard working teacher would appreciate it.
Dining at red rooster in harlem. Hate when they offer bar seating instead of a table. Not good. Warm free glogg Half made up for the snub
Reverse: to colleen. I smell a rally
Where is all the bad weather the weather man said was coming nothing here in lake worth but sprinkles
Would like to continue this conversation. How about by DM? Follow me so I can DM you the response.
LOL at Pandora playing Gin and Juice after my last Tweet!!! It can read my mind!!!
“: here's to the kids who are ready to fuck shit up this weekend.”
Bret Michaels tour bus just pulled into the embassy suites by my house.
Happy Birthday !!!!!!! Get laid and tipsy just have fun i hope you have a fantastic day :P
Ladies, a man wants a woman to be fearless sexually.
or you can do my adlibs lmao
There are still some people trapped in the parliament! There could also further blasts to come.
That's a really cool gift :) It's great that there are now so many active options for game systems! Fun for parents and kids both!
A break up is like a broken mirror. It is better to leave it broken then hurt yourself trying to fix it.
#unicorns can't fly I cant fly so therefore i am a
Mute Math is going on tour with Linkin Park and Incubus! Whaaatttt!!!
Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume & job board, follow me also go to minorityjobs.net J ...
Oh that's okay. I kept U in the replies for a couple, but I don't like to keep doing that too long, unreplying.
You are to cute!
at least now we are saved from weeks of mercury morris on #thanktebow #romeo'o'romeo
love the tatt! The one on your boob. Lol
Look on the bright side. No riot this year! :P #Canucks via
Can I just say Austin was born sexy. Everything he does is attractive, tbh.
Dairy queen sounds amazing right now.
Never here by enmity are those with enmity allayed, they are allayed by amity; this is a timeless Truth.
Lunch with on this gorgeous day!
is my favorite artist right now. Love listening to his Pandora station at work. Makes me happy!
I'm watching The Daily Show With Jon Stewart on CC. #tds,#dailyshow,#jonstewart (via )
#Loex2012 yay our conference presentation is over!!!!!
I love people that #twitter verify their account and everyone could care less if they are the real them.
have a great day! :)
Haters gonna hate. (8).
RT" #ThingsThatGirlsLike Tall, Dark, and Handsome." No ... funny, outgoing, ambitious & then tall, lightskin & handsome :)
Jamming to help me stay awake and get home
HAPPY KILLER AFTERNOON DAY! Hope to see you at the show tonight. We are releasing our first CD at the show.
It's #BLB day! If u dont kno what that means=> every Wed R fans help us spread the word N shout us out to their followers. Spread it! :-) RT
He got 3M and he's not online to see it :/
Oh wonderful! Happy Journaling!
If what Twitter's CEO says today, that there is no truth to the JPM Private equity investment and the rumor was "made up", so folks have
I'm running out of ideas... Can anyone suggest a new book for me to read? The genre has to be Sci-Fi/Fantasy!
Is your favorite city Paris? RT : Packing for my trip to Europe. Excited to go to one of my favorite cities.
HEY! Nice to see your "face"
What fun to talk with Liz de Nesnera over her ISDN lines today, now that she has her service restored.
R.I.P Joe Frazier u will be missed. Thank u for all u have done in and out side of boxing.
remember to include a lot of "FIRST DOWN...M-I-Z...." haha
Guys, I'd love to get a copy of the new Flex DVD with Don Kelbick. Thanks for all the great info on the website! Rock on...
What's wrong with wanting more power? It's like wanting more sex.
that's probally a good move
Sounds like they're (GZ lawyers) are planting the seeds for an insanity defense.
Tyler is a racist, sexist bonehead...
Hangin' in there. Nausea settling in. Didn't have this the first time. Ugh. I can smell EVERYTHING & food is yucky!
Having 0 followers doesn't bother me. When I die my offensive tactics will be like scripture. All will know.
3rd round job interview!! and thanks :) Im keeping my fingers crossed for this one!
I just earned the Sharing is Caring badge on #Yelp!
Wonder why people are freakin out about the hologram? Life is an illusion of sorts anyway, embrace it!
where you be at nigga
#wtf Hey, hollywood types, stop whitewashing asian movie properties, thanks.
Nice to meet (and her bf) IRL last night finally! Also very cool to have met :)
Damn OKC almost pulled a comeback! They need to shoot better and play more solid defense!!
Students mask their insecurities with their tone which is often casual & sarcastic. We need to first boost their confidence
Our incisors have dulled a little because we replaced them partially with tools like knives and fire.
RT : WOW!! Look at that broken nose and bloodied head on Zimmerman ... Oh, wait. Nevermind
I am going through changes that Phi-phi didn't go home tonight!!!!
*looks down, whispers* im sorry. *sits on the porch steps*
RIP Andre Young
Lost another pair of earings...what else is new.
RT : #scholarlyattrib Borgman granularity of data citation messy. For papers at least we know what 'object' being cited (mostly!)
No one is off the bandwagon when we have seen this type of stuff our whole life.
June and July...Body Be Free 2012 & Moni Lisa!
its so beautiful its like a wedding
It was all over the store works at, so I guess so. I have a hard time believing she actually thinks it'd work!
About to start a very long trip to Oklahoma.
you are good at this.
Lets get this country out of this damned funk - in spirit and intellect.....
funniest suggestion so far. Place small piece of potato. Hold 5 mins. Gone.
SHOUT! SHOUT! Let it all out! SPORTING KC is the best around! C'mon!! We're better than you!!!! C'mon!!
When stretching before a workout, it's best to stretch after you've gotten warmed-up for about 5 minutes (your muscles will be looser).
Ha. Are you thinking ahead to the Olympics? (IOC and NBC would have to pay a fortune in rights, I imagine.)
I'll try to!
For Us By Us...too funny
It's Saturday People Have a great one
definitely will!!
I love having a first bell study hall.
Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done. -Louis D. Brandeis
you hurt me like its nothing. i just dont understand.
Recently overheard "Can't get others excited about digital literacy? Teach them to email kids or another life skill"
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Very nice!! I had a blast with a buddy when we brewed. His last kid he gave out beer with custom labels.
T-Shirt Time ??? Perfect time to see www.yeldahgoods.com Great T-Shirts, BEST SALE OF THE YEAR ALL SHIRTS 10 BUCKS OR LESS!
you make plans for us to hangout & then i find out you ditched me for someone else after you never got back to me, like okay fuck you too
Harriett, this time she blogged progress, prosperity, peace, and happiness
Let it snow? NO! I like the mild winter. Safe to drive. Easy to want to be out & about instead of holed up in the house! Awesome Nov/Dec!
I would kill for a Bath and Body Works shopping spree.
getting kaliciod over here....hope you are too
Most rappers now get signed off of twitter followers and not actual talent.
I’m hungry. #PapaMurphy’s anyone?
you ain't about this life!
last I've heard they're planning a proper vinyl reissue but that was a while ago.
Ha! Some of the muppets have great hair! Looking forward to meeting you! : Good thing my hair is like a muppet's today -
They're still talking about his pinky. He iced it all last night...
Want back into the 1st round in #Mockfour ? give us a shout...
; put that ass on child support
Marx brother's duck soup tonight at 730.
There's no point in life if I don't have you.
Good choice! :)
Wizards won, Caps lost. What's wrong with that picture? :/
Omfg. Fml. I have sneezed about 20 times today.
YouTube Favorites ‘Hunter and Bear’ Return for Interactive Time-Tripping Sequel [VIDEO]
I think the only criteria for being an American Apparel model is that you have to be a registered sex offender
You are invited to hotel VQ and the SKYBOX roof-top restuarant over-looking downtown! Great place to be! Contact Tammy
Happy Valentines Day.And munch love to da Schmidt fam aswell.can i get a follow as a valentine gift :)!
There is one for every film.
read my TL. Had some fun this morning
hey thanks for the retweet!
My word... the drama of Champions League this year is LE CRAY.
follow back ??? :D
what happened?:O
I do u never called me :(
Anyone who claims they like the taste of Keurig coffee is dead to me.
#Twitter is a neighborhood bus stop where you mingle. Then you get on the bus.
Why do i always get sick on break
awesome! thankya. looking forward to a blowout #lastnightintown adventure in the lounge
Man, this prohibition against theft is SO OLD!
Quite the scene in front of the Supreme Court today: doctors, brass bands, monks, TV crews. More to dodge on my normal bike route.
The VOICE! ;)
-- You were just ready to receive it girl, I was only a vessel. Smooches!
Rise and Grind Beautiful People #LightsCameraAction - XavierLT. com
Week 11 continues with the #P90X plyometrics workout. Probably one of the toughest workouts in this series.
Sort of like building a map at 1:1 scale?
Hehe also im in the bathroom enjoyin the silence
wat part of GA u in
I buy everything from u guys. Want to give some of ur stuff away for free?
Had so much fun meeting you today! See you soon. :) xo -Allie ( )
Rain delays are the worst!
Of all players to set an example with physical play Lebron chooses little LucasIII..really? It was an example of his b*tch*ssness!!
RIP I miss you. <3
No shit. Do last year's names Mason, Heap, McGahee, Gregg, McClain, Landry, Chester, and Pryce ring a bell? #Ravens have a plan
Not me, but I got a 92% on that test! Did no homework
I can think of worse things.
You know Bruce Wayne, Gandalf & Clark Kent laid down last night & thought "I'd love 2 trade places w/ Dave Grohl, just for like 24 hours"
RT IF JUSTIN BIEBER& MILEY CYRUS ARE REALLY DOING IT...IM CONFUSED O_o
10 years later and I still love Chris Martin.
Best paper to read to get the information needed!
Cool! I would retweet again, but that's voter fraud, right? #GoodLuck wish I could be there when you do win
you at PK?
Most definitely RT : RT the best sleep ever Sleeping Naked >>>>
what's going on?
I know, mee too. & yess, I know. I just don't like the homework I get. D: lol, I get less fangirl time.. which I need. xD
Motherhood is the greatest gift & experience of life. I applaud Mom's who get that & appalled by those who don't. There is no limit to love.
I'm so confused. When I was at NU, Curry and Ryder were administrators. Not buildings. MT ...Renovation plans for #Curry!
this particular fool literally said, "ducks don't have an esophagus." yes they do. how else does food get from its mouth to its stomach?
Scrub my whole body from mud but I always forget my ears
Must.Drink.Caffeine.
Use twitter & proactively follow blogs to develop "virtual" mentors. Easier than you think.
The same people that are threatened by #sxsw 's increasing corporate climate, are the one's who don't support local live music.
At the grizz game with a great friend having a beer or two.
Yeah. I usually watch at home, but I think I have too many friends coming to comfortably sit at my house
Democrats Keep Getting Dinged For Hitting GOP On Women's Health, Loans - NPR (blog)
AMEN! Couldn't have said it better myself
New hair today? Maybe!
The Game kinda upset me.
whatever works buddy.
who is saying that?
hahaha can't wait!
miss my baby </3
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit
hearing that is looking to buy St Margaret's Convent in Roxbury's Fort Hill. Convent been trying to sell since last summer
I though Onew lovers every where would love it too lol
I'm honored to have the endorsement of the San Diego Firefighters and I will proudly be their champion in Sacramento.
What was the point of me going to school today...
I know what I'm doing before Community Day!
Happy Friday Everyone!! WWVC is lining up all of our speakers and sessions for 2012! Its lookin good! Have a wonderful weekend!
and greatest baseball team. #rangers. Sorry Astros.
Among the many highlights from tonight: we got to sing Silent Night to a baby girl who was only a few hours old.
6800 seat sport arena
Two more weeks of school and then one week of finals. I can do this. Maybe.
So mathematically, that makes the 8.2% unemployment rate a JOKE, as it is MISSING so many who are
I dig the tropical flavor ones.
Yup! Send in a pic wheneverr(:
The original cinderella was egyptian and wore fur slippers.
