got distracted now its officially hw time (:
"Ron Paul" would be great Grandad, but not Pres.Sick of Newt saying Drill Here & Save. Prices will still be high. It's always about the $$.
Drama will get you back, bitch.
Yay! I'm so excited for you!
you didn't follow me
You read my mind :) Especially since my office banned the use of headphones, I'm so unfocused and time is going by soo slowly!
is the best no one can compete with shady
The beauty of photographs are that they never change....even if the people in them do...- dannii
Like this one ": “Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving” - Albert Einstein"
Overeem's Lawyer argument: He didn't use ALL the fluid in the vail.
Please everyone visit: www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgUsplSAv6I please! Is a view of the born this way ball tour.. Lady gaga
Rupena's chicken and Chasin' Mason @ St. Lukes Church in Brookfield last night. Great food & great music!
I feel like shit all the time.
Morning....Everyone drive safe in this fog! Muahhh
#thingsihateinthemorning waking up extra early
oomf had me lmao at u,
I hope this film comes to fruition. see you tomorrow Jeanne (with gone elvis) xo
Thank you for being the presenting sponsor of our first-annual spring fundraising event, SHINE!
No hands RT : Thought I sobered up last nt but I just got out the salon chair & stumbled. #imamess still the #bdayPRINCESS 
enjoy it man. Life isn't full of time to relax.
All breakfasted and coffee'd up and craving a little exercise!
Seriously! Tomorrow is already friday! This week went by fast!
I'm so excited we have a family of fox's living in our yard. Brand new babies are in a den under one of the out builldings. so beautiful
Good luck to those of you trying to play #diablo3 tonight -- and I hope that the team has plenty of our energy shots.
#SometimesIwonder where the person in the car beside me is going.
The john carter movie was actually pretty good. too bad it will be gone from theaters by tomorrow
Thank u Louisville!! #GoCards over #Gators on
I didn't. But if it's true yay!!! Hahaha
"A man who is able to walk a mile in another mans shoes, is a man that is able to run a thousand, in his own."
I keep wondering why Dora & Boots keep saying, "Swiper, no swiping!"! Just pull a bat out of the Backpack and start crackin' skulls.
Other wise u aint shit.u mine as well be dead ur dam self
Ubuntu - my humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be humans together.
Wow, very nice. Moving where? Didn't you go to CU for undergrad?
Knowing I will probably never meet Justin Bieber. #MakesMeCry :'(
Congrats #FutureMusicMogulTeams you guys went out with a bang!
i won't be gone long!! i promise! and i'll bring you back a good souvenir!
Yesterdays living social was food related too, the box o food for two days...have to admit its tempting
Im Out Selling tickets to See Yo Gotti on May 26th feat. FFTAMG. $10.00 get at me..!!
Just finished my World History Homework.
Q. What's the difference between your wife and your job? A. After five years your job will still suck.
Thanks you too!
everthing cool, just got my studio in the crib so I'm back at it, had to take a break because shit got real out here.
Jim Richarfdson = awesome!
Biz Lunch dates have been scheduled through summer: May 2, June 11, and July 11. Don't forget to register for our inaugural lunch April 4!
yes please (: and yes you guys are pretty much adorable. 😁
"I'm crazy Mickey, the Beeper King. I sell my pagers for a buck nineteen." Ahh, my youth.
Passed Network + Certification Today
We want to know! Would you describe your church as seeker or attractional?
Let's hope everything is patched up by the 29th when I'll get to play it.
Walk to the ends of the earth for you, theres nothing that i wouldnt do, to make you feel my love. <3
First they should drop the rappers not doing anything. Then we can worry about
RT : People wonder why I do fan dinners. I'm picking people's brains, stealing ideas, sharing my own. 200 people/ideas.
I miss family-style lunch-- it forced me to take a break and allowed me to stop and really converse with students
I don't know what to do.. its in recovery mode.. and i can't go on my actual itunes account with all my shit because my laptop is broken..
Continue the party right into the New Year w/ a Guinness from 1 of the fantastic Irish Pubs on 36th st. Galway Hooker or The Gingerman.
its cool a little outside
ya lol i always "ok im get this done early !!"....oh hey lets go on twitter hahaha
There is more people in US prisons now than there were in the Gulag Archipelago under Stalin at its height.
I love you mommy I am so blessed to have you as my mother. My daddy made a good choice:)
alright, thanks!
So far my favorite part of #socialfresh is seeing again!
I voted for Taylor swift :-)
Doing the retrospective in our Applied Agile Development Practices class at UW. Nice to be on the fun side of the complaining!
I think there is a / btw grant-funded folks and not due to many factors: home inst. contrib, rsrch time, grad students...
he's not dead yet. there's still time.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. ~J.F. Kennedy
There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result.
Buy the lady who sold me the ticket a new house.
50 cent beer tonight til close. Come and get it!
Im to tired to be at school.
Looking for NEW Bassist+Guitarist! contact us if you're interested.
Alright so my last account Got hacked.. and I can't log into my account on my computer so now I have this account. Xx.
Fuck all you fake people. I'm real
Marching onward. We are about 11 miles from Mt. Sterling, OH. Walk for Children's Health
#AllStarWeekend and Zach has 1 #Philadelphia76ers player to root for and Eddie has 2 #BostonCeltics players! Who are you all cheering for?!
Sending good thoughts & twugs your way today. Don't know why, but doing it anyway. What have I missed?
you in town?
Killing does not come easily, even for drone operators. People are not “natural born killers.” (John Horgan)
Haitian Game of Thrones?
BTW, saw ur from Mt Pleasant PA. Where do u go to hs? And what sport(s) do u play? I went to Calif Univ of PA back in the day.
Good morning! On my way to work!
Thanks for # perltimeline follows - I love this stuff!
school ass
That's actually how EVERYONE says it here.
Thanks for attending!
I could totally do this.. Be mortified in front of strangers. This is my daily life.
my thoughts and prayers are with you
Hoping fantasy footballers don't over-value WR Justin Blackmon. He's over-rated and doesn't enter a great situation w/ the
Great Eastern Conference Game One! Ready for Western game two tomorrow!
Thanks for the RT!!
I know ;) lol
We're looking for some guest bloggers for the next couple of weeks! If you're interested in writing a post send us a message. :D
If you live in the Chi, u already know that the pic I just posted doesn't do this snow any justice. It's SNOWING!!
Running into lots of assn execs managing virtual offices and hope to find more resources on this
Why u asking all them #questions ??? Lmao <3
"PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie" www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ to see the entire CAST and CREW! See the LEATHERHEADS Dan and Ray!
mind if we take this convo to DM?
Heyy.. so..I only need 2 more followers 'till I get 500!!!!!<3 Thanks to you all.
Bad dress choice... A size too small its cutting into her fat
“: Dear We are Anonymous, We are legion, We never forgive, We never forget, Expect us. #OpBoycottNetflix part one.”
Who do you think as done the best in the #NFL Draft so far?
I'm #reading The Fault in Our Stars by John Green
Why the hell is Johnny Depp a Vampire?
My favorite part of the Hannah Montana Movie, When Taylor Swift sings and she dances with that guy <33
I'm going straight to hell! Just like my mama said! I'm going straight to hell!
Going to catch a ton of shit for my next post...so I might need to wait until after alumni weekend uh hate censoring myself
I want that job, lucky.
Make sure to check out the radio show today from 2-3 PM hosted by Ben Fountain & Bobby Keough.
How tall are you?
I am not young enough to know everything. –Oscar Wilde
My brother keeps snoring , lmao!!
Congrats on your anniversary!
i really want to try nail polishes but i cant find them! UGH
I'm so tired and Facebook isn't helping.
Two of my favs. That looks yummy. You go, chef girl!
Love is just aah four letter word , until you qive it meaninqq
Oh my god, you guys, Fifi's singing Purty Little Love Song.
haha good times
That's just because Michael Bay isn't involved so it won't be chalk full of blatant stereotypes. Which is sometimes funny.
#HarryPotter will destroy all your family heirlooms. He hates that stuff.
• They haven't? Really? For a lot of folks, it kinda is wrecked right now.
no takers?
If you had to use one word to describe your summer, what would it be?
How about today: anyone up for a late lunch on the south side?
Well that was cool.
Our favorite fact-checker is officially a #PENMember. We tip our top hats to Peter Canby! Welcome!
Thx 2 the gr8 folks @ Limestone Branch Distillery in Lebanon, KY. Awesome place! Glad to jam for them as part of their opening wkend-BH
" LAKER PAPER!! Everything LAKER.... PAPER...."- MAN WHEN THAT SONG HITS!!! BOY I TELL YOU !!!
THIS IS SPARTA! Wrong movie?
m so fine plus love the music!!!
RT I like Zooey Deschanel & Sam Jackson but more impressive demonstration of SIRI's capabilities would be to use Ozzy Osbourne
Thrift is a great revenue. 倹約こそ最大の収入
Thanks for the update, Tao
Where Are You Mostly Touring For #BelieveTour #TryingToSurpiseOneOfYourBiggestFanEver ! - !
You should come over :) Its your turn
Huge partnership deal! Is it the weekend yet?
People ought to reevaluate Romney. He's a stiff acting actor frm central casting. Anyone thinking !change is coming from Mitt is delusional!
she is going places for sure. Great sound.
omg ok hang on
Breakfast Hospital!
Who doesn't?
re-stocking soon + new colorways. Size?
First time drinking soda pop in 2 weeks!
At the National Harbor.
thanks for sharing this link!
Headed to the new office - feels like the first day of school!
Got the X-mas tree in for this year...
Gotta run..this 29 yr old thinks she can kick my ass in class..so let me go rough her up a bit..I enjoy accidentally kicking her.
There is nothing more powerful than an idea
Retainers = Torture
Leaders demonstrating Emotional Intelligence understand data and feelings must integrate to make decisions.
Writing a paper about a poem translated twice from the original. I'm examining changes in humor through diminishing marginal utility.
It's so crazy how your sign discribe you to the T!
Would be #honored for a follow; please let us know if we can send a press kit with #music to your hotel for play.
Our photographers are out across Georgia covering the devastation from last nights storm. Please keep checking ajc.com for updates.
That was entertaining.
text me ?
i miss my followers.
Cant wait for SXSW
i think im get her chipped soon, so i dont have to get her a collar.
following, did you really do the exact miles your away from justin :o
Hola, Ya'all - 2 nite in the ATX - Romeo's from 8-10. Break from F Fest & chill w/ NZ & Cleveland Goodman. Free...
Riding the spacebus al the way home
Beautiful people.....
Good Night :)
FOX CONFIRMS: Rick Santorum to suspend his campaign - he's expected to speak soon
Why does my sister keep askin me what loiter squad is . Lmao leave me alone like wtf Idk.!
I need to download some new music... Suggest an artist or two?
RT : Tonight is going to SMASH Birmingham! Are you ready #Trancefamily ?
you should be participating in sundayfunday
Happy Zombie Jesus day!!
Spent the day with my sister and her family. I've missed them so much. It was good to see them again.
I ain't connecting anything if I don't find a set haha I keep looking at these old struts. They might work.
SHITAKE!!! SOMEBODY STOP HIM!! That southern swag is southern rag!!
Story of Us -Taylor Swift is my jam right now(:
A 2nd wind? Don't mind if I do! Late night drinks with some lovely ladies. #Projectstopbeingabadfriend #Commence !
We're happy and excited to be a part of such a great Twitter Party/Baby Shower!
I’ve always worked under the assumption that adorable pictures of have no topic to which they cannot relate.
Wow chula vista DMV is the busiest DMV ever...
Geometry iss lamee.#who needs it
we dont just like we love .
you are my favorite.
Am I the only person who didn't like Avatar?
Woops! No one told Tom that we had Wakarusa tickets in Norman, so he told a few people otherwise.
I live u Madison follow me it will mean alot plzzzzz!!!;)
- i hardly ever use twitter, but to help you beat Piers, here i am :D
You too!
Mix tape of the day. Insomnia. Smooth day at work so far. Bout to zone out to this. Soul headphones turned up.
In Israel!!!!
wish you were here too, but selfishly glad you're off writing more "American Daughters" for me to read :D x
Can't wait til after school....so excited!!!!
Why I gotta have a seat for 's comment?! =(
I can't have #sex because I would be cheating on
Who's headed to the GHSA Elite 8 for the 4th straight year? NIKE Camp School and Site Director Congrats.
I really do make incredible Chili, and though may live in Texas, it's hockey food in this house.
Thanks for your help, we got things fixed.
I love San Antonio! Having such a great time :)
#Surgery Tip: If you have any doubts, seek a second opinion from another well-respected surgeon.
Zombies invading my dreams again...you know, the cute crocheted ones
I'm getting a bump on my chin. #nonono #why #stress <
sterling is a cock
so what you're saying is that you hate the internet.
I wonder what I got on that test
Redundant or unnecessarily palaverous...or pleonastic... or periphrastic... Either that, or you hit the nail on the head...
#beauty #shoot #tomorrow with Can't wait!
Ha. Yes, if I nitpicked or "proofread" my last tweet, I would have inserted a comma before the coordinating conjunction.
RT : the slackers are gonna be hitting the midwest, pennsylvania, upstate new york, and eastern canada...www.theslackers.com
Eating bacon smoke my first one of the day must be nice
dance like there's no tomorrow.
Indian mangoes are late this year! They usually arrive mid-April, but there's no sign of them yet. Should I be blaming the volcano?
RT : I'm home for summer and all the local youth groups are writing "KONY" on random walls around town.
I wish I could just sleep all day!
True love in your avy
If anyone was wondering, my background Twitter pic is the universe the instant after the Big Bang.
your welcome:)
"Is that a turtleneck?" I believe the new term is roll neck. And yes. Yes it is.
Sorry, I've got a friend coming into town Sunday afternoon. We're out.
Wired iRepair on NW 17th & Lovejoy in Portland is the spot that fixed my phone. Highly recommended.
Looks delicious!
TWEET ME IF YOU WANNA BE FOLLOWED
It's quite possible that I'm living the dream!
Dave that sounds about right! Love St Louis! Lived way southeast MO back in a day.
#dear14yearoldself you are currently 14 & your eating Ramon noodles so be good and stay cool.
Some Beyonce DWBer's have the night off. Hope they enjoy it! 11weeks to go...
#ajc10 Lua Pritchard, activist and organizer from WA state "it takes heart to do this work, but it will get done!"
Other cities impersonation of Memphis is so accurate. The country accents, the pronunciation of words and the mentality.
Salute! sup wit ya
Justice is served !
Up late/early drooling over handmade #cyclocross bikes.
Spending the day relaxing...
Love the photo! Y'all should tag Wired Magazine as well!
Welcome to #Twitter !
Re-evaluate your fate
Sent out first proposal to our first choice of director's for BEIRUT. Will hear back early next week!!!
Anything's possible if you've got enough nerve. -J. K. Rowling
Can't sleep...
A powerful message from commencement speaker, John E. Barnes Jr., State Rep. for the 12th House District in the Ohio General Assembly.
there is not can't i choose to choose not to
confused sexually. You know that's your type!
Being a full-time mother is one of the highest salaried jobs... since the payment is pure love. ~Mildred B. Vermont
Arrived in New Orleans for ACP. Speaking tomorrow on building effective inpatient teams. Looking for gumbo.
I will only watch smackdown if I know for sure will be on it!
seriously thou i did lln
She is NOT BUT what would y'all say if Britt was pregnant? LOL #random ~Her Boyfriend
@ greenyclay92 it only gets us closer to spring break!
#pocketpoem Joy Harjo's "Anchorage" Come by the Revue if you're in Fresno today at 5:00 to share poetry.
Thanks! Great show.
Man, I hate that. Lol
"I miss going to bed with absolutely nothing on my mind."
Thank you :-)
Koelsch : a favorite story is of a woman who enlisted in WWII b/c she didn't believe Allies could win w/o her :)
its real easy if you understand soccer I would love to have you play with us cost is 45 to 60 depends on
thanks! I was pretty happy with it :-)
I should probably do more around the Atlanta Braves
tht cake iz totally BEAST it got some serious #SWAG (; plz reply love ya and i sent u a gift but shhhh its a secret (; lolz <3
A hydrating lotion-with a hint of shimmer can be added to yout air brush tan & will add a much needed glow with a luminous appearance.
Hey , is spending his draft wend giving prizes to his loyal fans! Great #SM synergy.
People say the weirdest shit on here lol
Think you're a Geek? Others think so? So what, Geek is cool and today is National "Ebrace Your Geekness" Day so give yourself a big hug!
That awkward moment when your eyes start watering after you yawn and people think your crying but when you do cry people think you yawed :-/
You do know you just tweeted right? lol
May the fourth be with you!
LOVE that movie!
Its so annoying how you have to always have the last word.
where did it come from NOBODY KNOWS! How in the hell is that possible >8-{}
Wisma is serving up healthy and affordable on-the-go meals! Pick one up for dinner today!
Last night, layed basslines while filming a music video. Today, I'll be doin music w local #homeless. #OffTheJunkAndOnToFunk!
Techno ....Tequila .... & Tacos... (Korean Styled of Course)
Nice. You going?
are you watching the #Liverpool game?
love you! Thanks for all you do and for being such a great friend....miss youu <3
Its nice as fuck outside im riding around getting it bumping that F.U.N. (Fuk U Niggas) Mixtape Hosted by Mista Soull. Lava Jays 2night
im at home playing games! Wbu
OH: (after *many* hours futzing with jsp/tomcat...) "can't we just have a web form and a cgi script?" /cc
"we love to wear free grey 50/50 shirts" #bigomaha If you also want one, let us know!
cataracts are the THIRD leading cause of preventable blindness in the US! LEARN MORE at The Inn this Sat 03/23 from 4:30-6:30 PM !
#Martin, Paradise Dogs. Very funny, strangely sweet farce about pre-Disney Central Florida and the Mittyesque misadventures of Adam Newman.
yea they did and not really and idk we do sometimes
You will survive it - we promise! Let us know if you need help with scholarships.
Live Running Map via #Runkeeper www.Runkeeper.com/user/kpward
Getting out of bed <
WARREN UP
Ciao Monica! TY for the follow. Hope all is swell!
Eh, it happens...
You can't post 1 Profile Pic w/ ur face in it? It's all LOGOs & LANDSCAPES & pets! Aww...how sweet! NOT
Watched very moving memorial for former Marine and amazing human Charles Colson Hoorah!
Where would you go in Seattle to purchase a long old school nightgown for a 6 year old?
Good Evening Jazz Fans! Evening Jazz on the way w/my co-host Sheila Anderson , 8pm-1am ET on Jazz 88.3 FM
"did you hear that dynamic change?"
First night of the st. Patty's day extravaganza: great success
“: Time heals everything” <<< very true
Crypts won.
To be a successful biz owner, u must have mental fitness. It separates those who will make it from those who will not.
Thank you for the support!!
quality of life saving news: the gazillion $$$ that you spend on nice sheets & bedding will be worth it. except. you won't want to get up.
Call me maybe ;)
Garnett is such a dirty player...
give me those
NYT 10/17/1980 "$49 Mil. in Swine Flu Vaccine to be Destroyed by Gov't". "Connection found between recipients and Guillian Barre Syndrome".
Oh, sorry to hear that.. can't avoid them huh?
I'm with you!
I actually did, and i love. :D Very talented.
"What was your Life like before #ESET" YouTube #contest. Enter now!! Win a #Macbook Pro www.eset.com/contest2012
Baer - Big analytics ...the universal decoder for educational reform.
Very Thankful!
I don't like this one bit..
Took a nap in the middle of the day.
vick sucks as a person. but give him credit. the cowboys will return!
love those!!!
“: are you on there as thebandee? I will have to look for you :)” I think u can search and find me that way
Chicago is the first city eliminated from contention for the 2016 Games
Open Secret played in New York last night! (To 9 people at a rough cut screening in Brooklyn. But still!)
SisbarroDeming thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Spring Love, Stevie B, Jackelop Lounge. Why aren't you here!?!
I've Been Convinced to try out for cheerleading, could be fun.
Just so you know we'll both ride on jerry when we visit Bieberland. Huh! Sounds like a good plan to me !
North Carolina: Can legally fuck animals. Makes same sex marriage illegal.
It has pretty pictures. Really pretty pictures. :)
I know he must think he's working hours
I can't believe no one is taking me up on this twitter-feud offer. Guys, this is a really good idea!
Twitter real estate chat tonight - 6pm PDT/ 9pm EDT - Cinematic filmmaking techniques
Still quite a collection of fire, police at scene of this morning's bus-ped accident (Univ & Lake)
Jordan Being An Ass
my mom is a fucking bitch.
Howie Mandel has a show tonight at the Powers Theater in NY. Get his show tickets now by calling us at: 888-493-0004
god i love photos of what your feet are doing/ what you see/ how you see it
Sunscreen in my eyes 😭
you can still do mine becuz ukno.. Im me :3 u know
Coming to Lawrenceville Ga, ask for our special weekend rates. Call 678-377-0003
Watching Black Mirror: The National Anthem was disturbingly like watching the Republican primaries.
Finished my league golf round at genesee valley park. Wondering how there were scattered mud puddles. We haven't had rain in weeks.
you are a genius
We had such a great time with the Downtown Dining Week experience - we plan to offer you a $10 3-course lunch menu everyday going forward!
": As a youngster, I loved science, but lost interest. Every day, #volunteers at GE work to keep science alive in classrooms"
The Seminole NAACP Chair who's retired from Seminole Co. Sheriff Dept. says #Trayvon Martin case nothing new in Sanford.
I like being pale.
I kissed probably two dozen people last night. I was just so psyched to be alive and in company of beautiful, brilliant city-dwellers. Xoxox
RT : Headed to Utopia gig w/ special guest Kris Funn!
Just met with chef Derek about using pressed duck for our prima wine dinner in June! Very excited!
Again? Is it stomach flu or Stephen King's superflu?!
needs to add either Solo's save or Wambach's goal (or both) to best play!! USA baby!!
Happy Hump Day loves! : ) Miss your face....
I missed what happened was Evelyn going after Jen or Kendra?
People I don't even be around all the time call me a "#mack"
fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck i hate not having a phone
- Yes, trust also fits nicely. I was speaking of life, tho, not relationships. = )
For sure, how is at the cocktail reception tonight?
lmfao, the girls went crazy too.
here's the big secret. I'm doing an entire Aaliyah Mixtape. <3
Simon & Garfunkel - Homeward Bound
Yeah! Went to the Columbia city market today, it was great! Made such a nice dinner for guests!
Marilyn and I are setting up our design team for 2011 to make your home beautiful!
yu're messin w. the wrong one .
Ah, one of my favorite cities. Talk to you soon!
Ethan, I'm at work...getting updates from Nina who is getting updates from Justin.!!! Ha!!!
video coming soon thesportsland.com
hahahaha thats so awesome. but what an idiot.
I have tried alpha order and other imposed orders, but even then, I find myself jumping the orde when I need a stronger paper fix.
I haven't slept right since the last time we spoke.
yeah, I'm a little too old. Lol
"mom! i have good news!" "what? you got an 100 on your test!" "mom, i said news not a miracle"
I have tendinitis...
I'm just saying! :D RT : My cousin is going to DIE if Bobby doesn't make it. LOL!
"...And the Royals have squandered another glorious scoring chance." So tired of hearing this in 2012.
sure are a lot of Asian fans in the Kingdome today
No matter how hard you try you will always get beat down by the Abominable Snowman?
#Austinmahone should be trending! Everybody tweet randomly with an #Austinmahone #HappyBirthdayAustinMahone #austinmahoneonellen !!
Guess what? We've reached 50 followers! The winner of one of my handmade bath products will be announced later today. Thanks for following!
thank you smokey love you too
I draw you over, breed you from the dirt.
are you moving?!
yeah that's cool..
I can't stand spiders 😡I'm more terrified of them then that baby scorpion 😣
is it just me or was #sxsw extra crazy this year?
been walking in the moon like an astronaut ;3
“: is a freaking amazing dancer omg.”
I had a great time at last night. I also got the opportunity to tell people about my "Seasoned Gloves" "invention"
Snow, this is crazy!
Oh that's great! :))
CASTING ALERT - Do you look like Ray Liotta? (6' tall, salt & pepper hair, 190 lbs) if so contact Pat Moran and Associates
Recently updated Wisnik Weekly emails making them more useful to readers! Join for latest #job openings & industry info.
Fell in love when I saw you standing there<3
okay good :) can't wait!!
I always laughed at the scene where Mexico closes its borders to people from the USA trying to cross the border.
Although you've become experienced in fighting, God is saying "Be still" in this season!
Good morning to all of you.
Thanks for RT's/mentions:
second day school I'm tired wasn't tired yesterday...brightside is we have a
rt she really does but doesn't want to admit it #loveaddiction < Right! She's in total & complete denial!! very sad......
closed Sunday and Monday
The Bielema spring game sound bite used on the Stave piece on 6 sportscast referred to "Joey" Brennan, not Joel Stave.
I stay wet like the ocean ;)
Recording #walkingdead and watching
YUM (minus the olives)
Turns out Travelers internet blocks email, not to mention twitter...
Stay hot Red Sox.
It's not about forcing happiness, It's about not letting sadness win.
The one ski site that continues to disappoint me: , hot or not games? Really?
hangout time!
you're trying out for The Voice? good luck, man! - <3 the whole DAB family! :)
Oh yes!!! RT #badger game tonight!
Oh man. I'm torn between and Cults at Turner. Might try to hit both.
He has a rep for rushing the passer, but Upshaw says he's confident in his coverage skills.
Thanks so much for the mention -- You're the best, I hope you know!
I'm with you: travel makes me feel younger and more alive (and I've got 10 years on you). Happy birthday . Where will you be?
Saw my lil cousin and my students participate in the special olympics! Im so proud of them :-)
Happy 4th of July!!! I've got that BOOM BOOM PA DOOOOWWWW!!!
Amazing performances by HYPE!
This saturday at Mason
These people are funny lol
I think Jill is to stupid even for fox, she can't even get her facts straight irresponsible for her on air, she is nuts
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
2012 is gonna be the greatest year ever in the history of the entire world!!!
After never ending delays, we're finally back on the green roof . Soil comes tomorrow & we're playing with big boy toys - a 90 ton crane!
How many of you got a tattoo even after your parents told you that you couldn't?
Thanks for not at all answering the question!
. It's hard to believe that was only 12 units ago....
2 more hours!
ok I will
Last paper of Junior year...let's do this BS!
Cookin' shirts ALL NIGHT!! Now Playing "Breath of Fresh Air" <<HIP-HOP OXYGEN>>>
Giants defensive front will give the Packers problems
just living finally done with school.
Doing nothing is very hard to do...you never know when you're finished. ~ Leslie Nielson
your twitter feed is blowing my mind tonight. It's like freebasing creativity!
Now Ellis has offended Producers everywhere.
maybe tomorrow
Presenting a Intro to HTML5 at the Learning Media Stage at 4pm. Come learn about what you need to know and ask your Dev teams.
- why do you keep getting all this amazing shit? JUST STOP IT! lol (;
Living as Form - Brooklyn Rail
I LOVE :P OH SO DAMN PRETTY~
you're very welcome! Gotta support fellow musicians, best of luck!
Made a horrible typo that changed one word to another similar word but w/ bad meaning. Don't need spell check, Need meaning check
bitch yu wun with me shootin in the gym
#Suppan couldn't get an out at A Tucson. Nice work, #Brewers. Is it football season yet?
I can not.
Random fact #20!! 2012 is gonna be s best year I just know it PLEASE FOLLOW ME AUSTIN!(: <33
Can't believe it's already here! RT : Just a few days till ! Are YOU ready?!?
If you use data alot, you're a data scientist. I use data, but don't want to be called data scientist. Hope they call me "guy who uses data"
Oh, man. I do NOT feel well. This headache is making my stomach ache, and my sinuses are rebelling. No fever, but it's not looking good.
Umpire Bill Miller could have caused even more problems last night when yelling at fans...
Thank you for this "Peace begins with a smile."
One question: Is "young preservationist happy hour" code for wife's super-awesome birthday party?
I'm making mama kaugh
I did wipe my finger across the screen! I'm following now! Ha ha!
No dates anywhere near MN on fall tour. They neglect MN but as long as they keep doing the DC to LAlpine run I'll be happy
feel hysterical about the exam drama few weeks back...
Can you confirm the gender of the ped killed in the 36/120 accident?
Ortho this morning
See Badges are like grades that you POST on YOUR Profile! Undergraduates love them because they can't easily be averaged into a GPA
hey show me ur real hair cute long hair black nails love it
I know I'll be straight but that a wolf to our pack dude
Great night tonight with maribell and at
Crackdown on substance abuse
Enough Politics. Protect Planned Parenthood Cancer Screenings.
holler! We're ready for next season!!
How my girlfriend begs me & kisses me not to leave, she's too much ☺❤
I remember watching a baby story and being so excited.. And now all I do is cry.
Yeahh they kill it
ha, ha. I type something, tweet it, and then realize you wrote the exact same thing.
I'm pretty sure this #shirtoff is illegal in most countries...
Just kidding... My tee shirt guy is out in the jungle until this time next week. Sorry for the false alarm!
is the food any good? katie was talking to a few of her friends and looking to do a trivia. know of any good trivia on a FRI nite?
that's just mean
show them how politics can REALLY be
yup how u know ?
Q3: I have only made lunch/dinner in #slowcooker but a friend said she made a #quiche-type-recipe. Anyone else try this?
#OnlyFatPeople is trending. I better lose some weight.
They're in the room down the hall -___-
What if a family of Warlocks moved into quiet suburbia? Could be a new comedy or reality if they actually practice witchcraft
that's a good idea Lets call it the #wrecking house I did my laundry too & couldn't help but notice the lack of a jacuzzi and bar
Thanks for Following!
I hear ya my friend, I should be sleeping and I'm wide awake!
Why is this girl tryin to fuck everyone in PA right now.
The only joke we're still making is that they're gay thats not even a joke its the true lol
You got mail.
sports ftw! :)
yea well could i for 9 days just to teach you well id drive to come and teach you im going to mo the 25
haha someones butthurt! its ok take ur frustration out on me if it mkes u feel better about urself
Setting up Grant Vetter's Ab-Extradition show. Just read the limited edition book. Amazing essays!
I just got a pie server for a gift!
If Drew Gooden can get his twitter account verified for sucking, I want mine verified.
my biggest fantasy is BSODM, where I'm typing term paper all night and then a tall woman in latex makes me open NetMeeting; computer crashes
Ash named starter for tonight. Looks like we didn't get a shiny new QB under the tree after all.
Found the dog's "kong" treat toy and now all she does is pick up the toy, drop it at my feet and want a treat. I created a cookie monster.
as many games I have gone to thus far I might as well have bought season tix. Will do it next year though
Tomorrow! Come by and celebrate our 1 year anniversary and KKD's 74th b-day. Everyone will receive 1 Original Glazed Doughnut FREE!
tight because someone sent me a 'my boo' remix by balam. did one for my new EP. gonna prob rip it out now, too similar.
G'morning tweeter's hope y'all enjoy ur day.
Who wants to do what's right? When you can just do what's on your mind.
I Was Izzy!! I Kinda Like Jersey Shore...Lol.-Shelby
follow mee girl :D
did you have a good mother's day?
I hate u Chris Paul :-/
hey Danyelle! i know this question may seem redundant...lol what hair color do you have or did have in your hair...other than henna
4 more, and freedom!
yea, me no likey!
#WordPress #Tools Adman – Allows you to post ads such as Google AdSense at the beginning or middle of a post.
Can't move body feel frozen
I could eat breakfast food all day.
just sorted out wildcard domains on heroku - good stuff
The lottery is up to $640 million!
Finally .....its friday!
Hope everyone has a spook-tacular Halloween!
I'LL BE A JONAS FAN FOREVER <3
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man. Lana Turner
Pilates classes do not have to be expensive! $45 single private pilates classes or $400 for 10 sessions! No contracts! Pay as you go!
lulu.com is the website.
Your what I never want to be
": I do NOT suffer FOOLS AND I DO NOT FOLLOW THE ADVICE OF IDIOTS OR FOOLS!"// Well said! 90% are on Twitter! LOL! Peace.
IT'S GOOD CALL ME SOMETIMES
it suits you. glad the trip has been going so well. <3
Did you check to see if there were any scratches or fingerprints on the… oh, wait.
Final votes for & 's Vote for a Cause are being counted and scrubbed. Results soon!
yes I have to register and become a member awesome web site.
does that mean Pack cover;)
Lawson is KILLING the Lakes Me So Happy
Happy Birthday!!!
My lats and pecs are burning. Good workout yesterday.
I good at sports and that's it I'm not smart
you want to put your cockiness where?
found you on youtube, saw you at work, took a picture, put it on facebook, ricardo saw you, (c)
omg. That's so cute.
Is there a polite way to ask someone to tell their kids to shut up?
Morning all. I'm tired but have to get outta muh comfy bed. How's everyone this am?
at worst backs him in that Econ analysis on Argentina is clouded by preconceived notions.
THAT IS FLAWLESS!
yea me 2 but I'm come Houston this summer so I will c u the.
Yay! RT : Congrats to UW Libraries Purchasing & Supply for achieving GOLD in UW Green Office Certification...
I want a Cherry Vodka Sour...like NOW! but i guess i have to wait til later on tonight.
you should come over for lunch to tell me and your thoughts about it! :)
Bob Seger is coming to rock Arizona tonight at US Airways Center at 8:00 pm. Check with us for some last minute tickets: 888-493-0004
Analog tweet is very excited for the identity Lunalux is working up for us.
panther pants
Right now I'm living. Living good.
Quick to bite my damn head off! 4 wat tho?
Just wanted to say we da best when it comes so far in betting on baseball this year +97 Units So Far!
Thank you to today's Hamilton Co Leadership Luncheon sponsors: industrial products, , and
New music (new to me anyway) Great!: Australia, NYC and London? Borneo, Malaysia, NYC
Clause and the relationship between the two.
All are great and the coaches,Carson, band, backgrounds, dancers,make it great television..Our household is split on the best
Competitive advantage, yes. Unfair? Absolutely not.
After tonight I swear I have a new outlook on niggas and life. Iwant my ex back thoe :( lol
RT : ♡Give Extra Kisses to Your Children ♡
I'm running with at 6:19 PM
Beautiful wintertime photograph! Thanks for sharing!
i wish i could skype with you! D: i'm too shy, lmao.
Going to have two job interviews this week, I hope one of them leads to something.
I will(:
Hating on football? Your whack.
Why put all of your business on twitter????
remember when you wrote a story about me and you as WoW characters?! hahah xD
Haha awesome. Looking forward to seeing u anytime. Maybe we should try to get on Castle set? Can't weet 'til next week <3
hello twitter world
insights about our hmong, chicano, african american students...i'm trying to read & learn more to create a space for stu +
yes i have rage in me ... yes i have anger .... so what? thats what makes me human
How's #ISS going
Please follow back?
No biggie Cowboys! Don't let yesterdays sorrow overshadow tomorrows dreams<3
ok will do
I'm going to tweet u on beliebintx and here! Just tell meeehh!
uh definitely not!
DC is a very cheese-tastic town.
Do you love this shit ?
I love my family so much. Had fun today, can't wait until summer!
it's true.
I need a #FollowBack I know you remember me we have to catch up
Wearing my sombrero now...and a smile!!!!
Glad to hear it.
Sorry Marjie! He did beat you by a few seconds :) RT : Ha! Beat ya!!!!
literally worked all day - love my job, very thankful .... time to crash
191 of 206 free throws for 92.7% is truly one of the most impressive stats ever.
GIANTS VS JETS SPECIAL! Come watch the game tonight with us and enjoy $2.00 Beers, Draft & bottle, and a HUGE 20" 2-topping for $14.99!
Why do people always sleep in front of the door to the stairs on the fourth floor of Fondren?! I almost just bowled some guy over... und ...
No sleep over here
Today is national Sibling Day!What better way to show them watsup then by taking them out for some grub and paying w LevelUp!
Back for day 2 of the #ncbo ontologies workshop. Nigam Shah talking about using ontologies to make sense of unstructured data in medicine.
My lack of activity on here proves 2 things: I still have no idea WHY I'm doing this, & I must lead a pretty boring life over all! (:
not looking forward to practicing handoffs outside
Nice shot of the Needle!
I will let you know as it approaches
"Secrets of the Tribe" now showing on demand HBO Docs exposes the dark underbelly of cultural anthropology- it's shocking
That awkward moment when you find yourself singing along to the song you hate.
Q: MV vs Cabo A: Ugh, plebeian. I dont go unless I own--its a rule. I HAVE been to Branson's Necker a few times.
But I have to go make bacon. I wish we had enough bacon so I could just stay home with you guys!
Heading to the doctors for possible blood work wish me luck!
Thanks guys! It's an exciting time for me right now :)
schedule set! hands on now
No religion gives the right to tell you that you don't have the right to a beautiful life.
#NBA2k12 Stop Quitting fools Take the loss
hello sis! if you had the power to change anything in our world today, what would it be and why? <3
ohh okay, I just updated my phone today, maybe it's a #supersmartphone now gotta stay ahead of the game! Lol
Sad, but not overly shocked news. Figured if we haven't heard anything, it was not good news. He was a helluva player
15m chart right now. I'm trying out a new set of indicators.
"if you celebrate your life you celebrate your purpose. If you can't celebrate urpose then find one and live for it. And LIVE for it."
my brothers horrible singing woke me up -_- great now I can't go back to sleep.
Happy Birthday ! The crazy, rangy, funky, gritty, singer you are! Much love
I'm in bed I have my headphones up full volume and Cass still hasn't woken up #super sleeper.. Wanna day drink tmrw?
NO! We were so tired from working on the new warehouse, we forgot walking dead was on! Argh!
Tell me why SEC coaches need to be escorted after football games by law enforcement personnel. What's up with that????
I do beseech you to direct your efforts more to preparing youth for the path and less to preparing the path for the youth.
GOOD LUCK today in the NLC Semi Finals against Det Mercy! Show No Mercy Ladies!!
did you know about this account? --->
ah no worries. Whatever works for you. I'm just bitter because I haven't watched an actual TV in, well, seemingly millennia.
At rehearsal. Only my friends would try to stage a Shakespeare show in a week. Only I'm dumb enough to say I'll jump on board. Crap.
we got some great designer pieces in this week. Check em: www.midcenturymobler.com
Happy birthday, ! I trust that you have a fun weekend planned! Have fun!
warm vagina
as an east/west coast hybrid, i never thought i'd see the day when kissFM and 'BLS would merge.
HAVE FUNN BABES ;D !! FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW ME <333
tomorrow (8/9). join me for my special guest performance at the WCC 5th Anniversary Celebration- Merritt College student center- oakland, ca
Thanks for the #ff really appreciate it. Your tweets are so valuable to all of us!
And classes begin...
Good morning, friends! The songwriting process continues, and sometimes getting the right lyrics involves a good storytime. =)
3 weeks and counting... My BIG trip to Syndney, Australia!
who wants to be my 200th follower?:)
gotta love the pigs! xo
Check-In tonight using your Yelp App or FourSquare App and receive a Free glass of Mango Lassi!!!
Your vet will be able to advise you on what food may be best for your pet.
Our space is full of #energy this morning with groups from , #Ted and
that #undun shit is so dope... great work by the most legendary crew, as usual
Who is Rebecca Spencer and why is she being talked about on my timeline so hard??
Back in San francisco. Now it's time to digest all the great information gathered at AAM this year!
city to catch the bus...LU in the boonies lol
Cheer to the freakin weekend, I'll drink to that yeah!
any word on the new album release date?
Do you ever forget what some of your pet peeves are when they haven't come up in a while? I can't be the only one!
If by "masochist" you're referring to the pain of secondhand embarrassment at your attempts at wit, then perhaps.
GCB canceled??? O m g!
Thanks for the RT
next week!
Damn Simms i just keep losin followers niggas bout to go back down to 8
How does your motion on your affected shoulder compare to the opposite when reaching behind your back? Significantly decreased?
Target. Xmas Eve. Let's do this thing.
haha just playing. Lol "why so serious?"
UL over UK? Cmon dick you know better my friend
Get on the train or get run over , were a family and nobody can stop us !!!
Can you shuffle? And would you do it on stage with LMFAO?
In Birmingham tonight, Nashville tomorrow night. Back to work on Monday.
Amazing how much u can learn/get hooked in a very short pitch when it's good - tip: walk audience through user exp, clearly state issue
Just realized I wont be home at all for any of the next round of the playoffs except for game one on Monday. Bummer.
I want weave, maria wants extensions..
date night in baked salmon & balsamic asparagus w/red potatoes plus two great movies yet to be determined. Snuggling with pup, kitty & hubs
RT : Police moving in on #OccupyCleveland -- #PowerShift-ers singing their support: "Solidarity forever, solidarity forever"
Gotta bang this #socialmedia operating guide out. Will stay for as long as it takes (or till I get tired of the document)...
Dudes awesome band u formed good music keep it commin
One phrase and all demonic forces and everything in the earth must bow and that is......IN JESUS NAME!!!
Why do we only crave what's bad for us? Alcohol, deep fried food, sex with strangers. You never hear anyone say "I'd kill for some lettuce
Welcome to florida.
Kept it so real, cool, calm and collective on the Breakfast Club this morning....Respect the hell out of u!!!!
S/0 2 My lil, big bro matter what the situation iz he alwayz on the TEAM....
Well, aren't we just a ray of f*****g sunshine?
Thanks for the follow back!
D'ya suppose the "Legacy" storyline is a factor? ( forgive the vagueness, I'm speaking in "code". )
o - where are you going?
Thanks for the follow Alan!
Children's Creativity Museum (formerly Zeum, San Francisco) has reopened with a new name, and an enhanced vision! Congratulations from ACM!
He is from East London.
Yes, we r! They're already in LA w my sis. Been vid conf w them too. Convenient now w/o the 1/2 way ard the world time diff
Today feels like Thursday for some reason.
Good looking out. Thanks for the photos. Great event and great photography.
idk bro I'm really mad at my self. 😡
We learn wisdom: 1st by reflection which is noblest; 2nd by imitation which is easiest; 3rd by experience which is the bitterest. Confucius
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future ~ Oscar Wilde
...along & just love the whole show.
appreciate the feedback!
also, thinking that fist pumping in the middle of a traffic jam is highly underrated.
Love that song. But then, who doesn't? RT : Song of the Day - "I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles)" by The Proclaimers
as much as I love protein shakes and smoothies (I love both of them a lot of a lot), you should still be eating food-food..
: Under nearly 23 million Americans are struggling for work. RT if you agree he should be a one term president.
you kill it everyday ;)
i run off budlites and heineken lmfao
no plans as of now, hook it up!!
You know it's time to stop writing when the best descriptors you can come up with are "very" "interesting" and "unique." I admit defeat.
I will tell no one. (While you have waited for this train, I have consumed an entire Los Gorditos burrito. Hahahahahahahahaha.)
Have you been waiting to hear the news about our Clingy Adventure? Clingy will be exploring Japan Town with Dana and Lisa today!
Is knitting an art,a craft,or mechanical design technique?
I so need new friends
cant wait till 1 2 3 4 of july those days(in voice)r about to go down lol. in atlanta georgia
I love, love, love Where's Walrus and have loved sharing it with students this fall.
The Shirt 2012 is unveiled in approximately 4 hours!!!
Twitter is hard man.. How do I get followers lmao
Walks in New York >>>
I couldn't be happier for you. Stellar.
Plz do RT : really cool concept - thx for add, will have to clean out closet and bring clothes to trade!
Signs are up on the outside of the building!Pictures to follow...or better yet, twitpic one for us...you might just win something from us!
Had a great convo with a woman of God today.... idk why but all my friends are either 25, mid thirties, or in their forties lol
A New York state of mind.
this is my only way to communicate to you. please just tweet me. I love yu you inspire me so much xo
U fuked with my family... U fuked with the wrong family!! I will not hesitate to end u!!
Going to the studio in a few...... Success doesn't rest, therefore I cannot until I have it....
texting while walking - HOW STUPID!
Me and my bf both think Dallas mavs fans are cocky lol finally someone who agrees with me!
Keeping everything 100
Ima boss pop on pandora. What up
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
me too.
I was being chased by the devil and Idk why but I got on twitter to ask you for advice on how to kill the illuminati
Great new day, don't let those who say "You Can't..." bring you down. "Dare to Dream."
If you compare nicks voice from the interview where they were talking about rollercoasters to the new ones, his voice got way lower c;
I expect to get about 25% of whatever they offer...sound about right?
Hi Jim. It's nice to find you on here. Hope you're well!
ok live it up!
#sadface 4 us 2. RT: You know what #Beertown is? Awesome. Know what else? Sold out. And now you're stuck at home. Alone.
My thoughts too!
Slowly unwinding from a long weekend. My life has become way too busy this quarter.
omFG i am dying from your "i'dcapthat" ok
Help #SignAustinMahone ?? Anyone?? Anyone know any free manager that can manage Austin's career. DM me(:
Hay #Yuckalert let's get #Yuckalert and #youknowlifeisgreatwhen... like really trending.
Have you gone to this event before? How is it?
Wanna hear a joke?
“The gift of life after all is not it’s duration, but its donation.” – Corrie Ten Boom
Thx. Considered perhaps the most dangerous place on earth.
it just kills me inside 😪
RE: GW and Old Towne Orange... NICE! :D
It's Interactive Day at TriBeCa Film Festival at IAC by FordFoundation transmedia panels all day
I'm a big fan
haha you silly! For some reason this cracked me up. Just call up Pink and ask her for hers since you all are
"Time isn't telling me a thing - it's playing with my heart." ::the bridges::pieces::
Last Underground Worship Service. Bring all your friends. One last Wild Wesley Dance Party and swim partyish
Haha, uh oh. Sounds familiar.
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you twerk in the middle of the street.
Call Me Maybe :-)
getting our study on
#BigtTime! RT : hey I just heard your radio ad on WLUM for ! Congratulations!
Bella and I were invited into the Polish Veterans Alliance. Nice group of people in there...Always fun to walk around the neighborhood.
lol was he barefoot too?
Just got an e-mail... subject: "Welcome to Google Drive." Anyone else?
Happy Thanksgiving !
Thanks :-) Enjoy your weekend.
I never asked God to take me out of the storm... I simply asked Him to hold my hand through it.
i try my best to get back to my fans..i love all my fans
Hola! Set your goals and stop at nothing till you reach em. If you fall down get back up!
block him SF...everyone else has :)
you got "Union Rags" 9/2 odds GOOD LUCK!!!
Each of us is meant to have a character all our own, to be what no other can exactly be, and do what no other can exactly do.
Bearing in mind that I've only read Book 1, I think maybe, if forced to choose, I'd be on Team Gale. cc
"M, It is my opinion you will be proper with what you’ve said." ☚ LOVE spam comments.
ouch... they'll get you for anything nowadays. When are you moving back to the boro?
lol, doggies are so cute :)
so were the bulls. Look at where they are now. All year has nothing to do w the playoffs. That was an unexpected victory.
"All true passion is born out of anguish." - David Wilkerson, founder of Teen Challenge
Just found out a guy i work with that went to auburn had a "meat science" class....im not even a bama fan and thats funny.
Damn its been a minute since i been on here..gotta get myself together..lol...ill be on here every so often..twitter aint for me no more.
hope u enjoyed the Luck EyeBlack. That company has the patent on putting logos on EB patches. Sold 6M pairs in '11.
lol seriously. tell nicki come on back to twitter. follow back
Buying my tickets on Mon. for #watchthethrone tour with and for 12/1 Chicago, IL!! So excited already!! :)
Hope you'll post the living rich article! One of my fave books is The Millionaire Next Door ... same concept; great advice!
is that a Linkin Park track?? It's kind of a bet, kind of a present!
Healthy so far. Now for the REAL physical. 😁
its clever,grestest
Anyone looking for good live music and drinks come to The Bitter End on Bleaker St for the 11:00 Abbey Rd show w/ the Gary Mayo band
I saw a wedding taking place today on the steps of Niagara Falls City Hall. The couple looked so happy. They were both women. I love NY.
yuck. glad you didn't come up on the trip? get better soon.
hey its : FOLLOW BACK PLEASE?
i don't have it
ugh, how tough is it to always say NO - - ???
AFPW CONSOLIDATING NICELY! NEXT LEG SHOULD RUN INTO THE 8's----9's
Going to the ministry fair on Sunday - Look us up and say hi and join! www.rocksteadydance.org
I am fortunate that my parents have not limited my college dreams based on finances. But scholarships/job salary are a must
#museweb Is tweeting really a viable option for those of us who don't have a smartphone, data plan, and spend copious amt of time on planes?
Don’t wait until u’re forced2 appreciate da lil things u take 4granted, appreciate them now...
RT : The longer we dwell on our misfortunes the greater is their power to harm us. ~ Voltaire
Yo mom is the best dude!! N i would love 2 cum over cause ma dad is not cooking nothing jasmine going 2 her moms for xmas
Let's go Clips!!!!
isn't that insane?!
haha :) thank you
glad you know him...
I really should start tweeting more #eh?
My home computer was having network connectivity issues. Will post my VOICE recap tonight when they're resolved. Apologies.
“: Guys is giving away free tix to the #OPENBAR concert on May 3rd. I've got tickets at 9:42 to give away!
Lets just say that you have been warned...The Saints Are Marching IN. Who Dat?
enemies is cool the love ones a hurt you
I'm dropping y'all some dope tracks!!
We saw some whales late this morning, that was pretty cool. More rain & high surf advisory, I think that means it's time for nachos & drinks
Wanna know what's scary? A 165 pound two year old!
Next week is 'finals week' some classes have em this week tho RT : yo, you fools have finals this week or next?
I can't believe we just felt that in NY. I'm terrified
Just need a cuddle buddy ;) RT : ew I hate football season!!!! that means it gets cold out!
haha is that line from that movie? My pops use too say that too me growing up lol
If Jon Jones loses tonight, it would be a stretch to think that emotions got the best of him.
#expchat I'd do an Australia/NZ/SE Asia trip. I lust over such cruise itineraries online on occasion. Some day.
I thank God I'm alive.
Are you guys going to be doing the same thing you're doing for Dc from the NYC concert? Please answer :)
#Bruins' offense is terrible right now. The top two lines need to step up or this game will be lost.
That would be sweet. Phil Jackson is the man!
Hahahaha well, at least I made it to Klink right?
If the thunder and Indy make it to the finals... I'll do anything to go to a game!
Fuck being lucky, All of THIS----- came from Hard Work
"rappers have it so easy all they do is talk fast" ... really bitch do it then
where did you go on fb? Let me know
Done talkin to the love of my life now time to hit the sheets
RT : You might as well dominate today you got every promise of God working for you.
Your pathetic & desperate...give over yourself. All you say are lies that you wish were the truth. #Stupid/worthlessPeopleTheseDays
I miss yahhhhhh
no problem!
Miami mobile app dev MOBIUS has launched greeting card app. Lot's cheaper than Hallmark, etc. Go to www.mobiuscards.com to try it out FREE
Barrera: Also integrating career education -- practical real world skills all our kids need
Being gracious is more important than ever.
Thank you, & right back at you! I'm always happy to network! “: : #Chicago Now Following #ChicagoNetworking”
Sadly, you and the fire marshal disagree. We're looking into ways to maximize space, and we hope to add outdoor seating soon.
UNM north is flush with newly-minted med school grads... a lot of beaming parents...
I had one where I was the star for the Lakers and the team bought me an old school NES. Yeah, our brains are peculiar.
Dreams are most fun when you first think of them and after you have accomplished one...the time between start and finish is just hard work!
It's gross but you have to wash them in tomato juice... We had to do it to my dog once.
Did you really?
im not. Im jus tired
Eat balls, Philly.
LENT† Ahh, we Catholic Lites (Episcopalians) embrace it, too.
My man Stewie. Whats up bro?
Ugh ima need this guy to lose my num he is annoying
Welcomed a family from the UK to #Cleveland! I decorated their new #Westlake condo with balloons and candles!
hey! please tweet my sister back! :)
Hey why you sleeping on the Lady Quakers? 9 - 1 winners of 9 straight...good things happening...Boys are not bad either!
just did
you trend cuz your
I don't know why I care what you think about me cause you were dick anyway.
Did you stay past the credits and watch the Schwarma scene?
don't think you are sharing it...
I dreamed something really really weird & really creepy & scary. D:
I get the best feeling when you text me first <3
#FABULOUS mood! no one ruin it thanks 😜👍💃
Thanks for spreading the word about us donating a portion of sales to , and ! We're open until 8!
It's not a shrine...
a recommendation for improvement, have a favicon for the bookmarlet via Chrome. Other than that, great job!! I love it!
If you don't smoke, thank you for making life more pleasant.
Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna: Politics and Culture.
I want to jump out of a plane with a squirrel suit and a bottle jack daniel! And don't forget the parachute
super helpful again! Thanks for your hard work.
hahaha what? Your tweet just made MY day! Thanks!
Don't you tell me what to believe.
thanks a lot dude!!!
MARRY THE NIGHT SINGLE COVER <3<3 Follow me don't be such a holy fool
RT LOL : Chicago - If you want to repeat today's weather everyday from now until eternity, it would be appreciated.
PLEASE FOLLOW
Sick as a DOG. But can i sing...? Guess we'll see...
oh we saw that.... that's what we were talking about how we dug your work! Bro, again - nice work!
I kno Stripping seem so empowering women....but it's not, it actually makes u powerless overtime
what's on your mind
Brilliant #marketing #hershey new air chocolates. They are filled with air #greatLessChocolateMoreAIR whoo hoo
Taking a break from art tonight. Got dishes to do.
ah. well then. YELLING AND FLIPPING TABLES IS GOOD RECREATIONAL ACTIVITY!!! I'm on the local club team.
#healthtip: When sick - stay home! You will not derive benefits from exercising when you are sick & you may even slow your recovery.
I see you were at Portland IKEA.Did you notice any Hazmat activity not too far away at PDX? All clear there,by the way.
So excited about #RNC2012 We're glad you're here doing walk thru
I bet Instagram will enable a live (auto updating) option.
MT : Great rule change:NCAA allowing to workout recruits on visit. Controlled envir allows you to evaluate prospects much better
I seriously don't understand why people bring their gutairs into class and play them.
When I read about entities falling into "the quicksand between likeability and irritation," I immediately thought of Zooey Deschanel
that's a great freaking movie!
how to keep SDM from turning into another incarnation of Environmental Studies
Im going basketball 2day.....hope it'll be an awsome day :)
I got 99 problems but a n***** ain't one ;)
people please
ill find out
That Al Gore. He's such a comedian, isn't he?
⚠ watching the news
Did Dick Stockton just call Caron Butler's dunk a "slam field goal?"
dear facebook, if I wanted memories from 2007, I wouldn't be drinking a quarter of vodka for breakfast
What is the #1 problem you want to solve when creating a 6-figure business?
New timeline! Let's see how this goes!
Whaat happened ? /; Ohh yeeaah he moved on and im still here crying for his love .
The Vow was amazing!! Had a lot of fun with and Hannah. (:
From our house to yours ...Happy Thanksgiving !
Happy Friday! Shoutout to some of our new followers!
My substitute teacher has toilet paper sticking our of her bra. She's like 80.
“How many legs does a dog have if you call the tail a leg? Four. Calling a tail a leg doesn't make it a leg.” - Abraham Lincoln
I don't know. Is ownership what matters? Or flexibility? I (and most people) rented in NYC. Will read article...
How do you communicate with the party of NO WAY!
: It's so true though!
Nice to see my buddy getting some face time today. You have to really look around to find a nicer guy in TV news...
City of Tucson is a mess. Visionless and corrupt. Political system is tyranny of majority. Minority completely unrepresented. Sick.
holy shit that last retweet tho! couldn't stress it even more
d rose and westbrook are so fun to watch. very similar players. love their dunks
We want to thank Ron Lacey Community Outreach Rep of the Mayors office for the confirmation of attendance to this years peace festival!!!
We speak the language of breakfast!
Remember floam? I want floam back.
watching tv lol
My pleasure. Keep me in the loop about more happenings. Esp ones that have to do with asian cuisine.
Appalachian Granny is baking Cranberry Walnut Pies fresh at Acme! Order one today! 614-732-2803
Another full train. Where r u people magically getting on these trains. Heading north to find out.
We just announced our Grand Opening for CIELO, May 18 & we're casting select guests to attend! We'd like to have you there.
Thank you! :D
Are you kidding? they have popping champagne bottles since june, reality is waiting right around the corner for them though
Thanks, doll! <3
ok(: well it's gettin late, night.
Friends don't let friends say 'erng'.
there is such a thing call ghetto redneck lol i got a couple in my neighborhood
#NP Billy Blue: World is Mine ft. Brisco <--- Dat 36 Reloaded go HARD!!!! Extended clip!
Poof ! I'm gone
I LOVE it!!
is getting ready to head to Spotlight Comedy Club to see Aaron Foster perform.
RT Fond of bow ties and hats. Handbag bigger on the inside. Talks to variety of creatures. Evidence Mary Poppins is a Time Lord.
Improv is the perfect medium 4 a smartass like me.
"Napping is not an art." "You haven't seen me take a nap. I take it to a whole new level."
Cincy line blocking very well. Could be trouble for #Texans. Hold 'em to a FG.
Sure thing - skype chat me at dschleifer
have u ever sen phoebe in wonderland. patricia clarkson is so eccentric i luv it
Seems we have agreement to let group review clinical ontologies/mappings for ortho, ICU, & spine in 3 weeks, as an initial foothold.
When will we see proposal to cut pay/bennies of all govt employees, including those holding national office?
Flipped through the 2012 Buyer's Guide tonight. Lots of Oregon companies, products, places in full effect!
ack! Oh well. At least there's nothing you can do about it. :)
please change this weather back to the beautiful spring we were having!!!
Y WOULD YOU GIVE THOSE UP! If you like those you need to go to the asian store and see all the other jizz in my pants food
Don't be so quick to run from your problems. Learn how and when to battle
Sending lots of good vibes to today. YOU WILL ROCK THIS.
still waiting for that ABS shot my friend!
before you change the world might want to check spelling. Are you multiple fishermen? Or are you a fisherman?
It's snowing Gift Cards. LIKE us here and get your FREE $25 BVEN Gift Card
Kickers suck.....they have one job and are only needed to perform it a few times each game.
Today in 1770, Marie Antoinette married the future King Louis XVI of France.
what's with the education lately? cut that out! ugh ! I'm a cranky tired old lady.
what's up Tony!!!
Don't do it with the lies, even if they are white lies. #Honesty is the best policy. Trust me.... I KNOW!
you left Christopher Walken's wall out of the app, so I uninstalled it.
yea i did lol
Midcentury furniture hunting is addictive :)
Word can't describe how angry I am
Website's down suckas!
JBALAN IanFydell bamachic101 that's awesome of you to do! I Foster dogs until they r adopted :)fkcaGg.
ps I don't trust music professionals who don't have a grasp on the entire industry
So real...
Bosco with the equalizer. We're knotted up at one a piece
Agree with both your Points
Could someone please explain to me how paper could possibly beat rock?
I wouldn't!
I finished my taxes this year just in time. As usual anger was involved. The only luck is what I make for myself.
Red space is like a baby sometimes, a baby with too many needs.
nice!! Thanks:-)
Getting a new car >>>>
Where's the party?
Play Give Your Heart a Break!
LOL ..thanks I appreciate it!
there's only so much I can do before it starts to wear me down & I have to go rest.
2 more days till KidsEatMiami! Get reduced price tickets to Jungles Island and support the kids at the same time!! www.kidseatmiami.com
not even in your dreams whimp!:)
"Think, think, think." Winnie the Pooh
#ItGetsMeMadWhen I eat a sleave of thin mints way too quickly.
"I think my problem is, that my coding is good, but my game sucked."
Thanks! They think you're pretty cool, too (neighborhood AND kids)
If u guys got eyes take a look at me kno b***h xP
I don't know but it's sad, we need to change that! xo
Can't get enough of these reality "haunting" shows. Good background sound for working. :') Just finished an episode of
gay club or club in general?
no that means I'm good!!
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 29
Wow. That just proved that Orrey paid no attention in English...
Very cool - I will be looking for them in the app!
": Eternally confused as to what to say to girls in any given situation #hi #sorry #bye" Don't let them get ya down bro!
hahahaha that's okay. totally understandable. send me some pics if you get a chance :)
OMG..that episode of TVD...WOW
Beverly and Cindy just handed me a good laugh...
Why we love #EV s. RT : When I had a Mitsubishi iMiEV in 2009, a years electricity cost me £85. Or 1½ tanks of petrol...
How you make me laugh, how you make me smile, as I casually examine your ass, I like your style.....
Where did you get that number?
under a rock apparently. But I'm finally FINALLY back :). So, when are we hanging out? I need some Sisarina time!
A kid came to class wearing a Rock Hall shirt. I told his mom I was from Cleveland and she said "What an awesome city to be from!"
Stressed and fustrated...
I just made a cubicle around my desk at home so I feel like I work in an office. My dog is my secretary. She makes a terrible cup of coffee.
F-Texas I want them to lose the next 10 games.
Amped for the party tonight !!!
Sorry I couldn't make it out - had a little medical emergency at home over the last couple of days, so I'm watching the Stream!
I open to suggestions. I'm still dressed from work.
Drew Ramsey from Hubig's is on Happy Hour, live and with warm lemon pies www.itsneworleans.com
WTF yep u GDMF laker dick -suckers...where are u?!? altitude doesnt mean crap....come suck mine n tell me differently....
Copyright protects creative works, Trademark protects names and logos.
i bet katniss everdeen would eat kraft easy mac if i sent it to her in a parachute... yes, im done on the mac and cheese talk for the night.
great meeting tonight with now working on a set list for the spring and summer shows-BH
Im so scary
haha, yes my dear! I'm too lazy to change until bed time!;)
PIZZA FOR DINNER!!!!!
Fourteen. And. O.
: hell anyone out there
: Great to see you this week! Hasn't Enterprise Connect been a great show?
I could care less about math & conics right now. like
Lorax this am with the kiddos
Great workout, feeling slim already.
I'm always above all the things u've ever said...
Tracking Minnesota Vikings&#39; 2012 NFL Undrafted Free Agent Signings
about 2 hours ago
thanks love <3
Oh yeah.. It's the Victorias Secret one that I'm obsessed with. It's the guy you met last night
If NOT, then STOP ACTING LIKE IT WHEN YOU GO OUT TO VOTE! The Democrats are the most downright ignorant, thieving bunch of scum in the USA!
Things change so fast. One lie compounds on another. Maybe this is the end. But whoever has the heart will make it not.
As a matter of fact, it was my SAT scores that led me into my present vocation in life, comedy
Raining again... damn it. Out and about and wet...
youu tweet a lawt! How do you manage 2 do that?
We need help - more Facebook likes please!!!
What are your fav #sandiego restaurants? I LOVE that this city has so many great #locally owned mom & pop joints serving fresh quality food!
About to present with on developmental ed reform at
…and if He doesn't turn their hearts, May He turn their ankles so we'll know them by their limping!”
“A sure way to miss success is to miss the opportunity”. Victor Charles
Prom is
Tad overconfident? Hopefully the #Steelers aren't thinking that.
O dat girl
Now comes the mystery. - Henry Ward Beecher, last words
the yellow-grey-white wonderful combo for spring.
is really in need of a NAP!!!
Does that mean you're bringing me to Europe with you next time? Because I'm down for that.
testing 1 2 3 - so TweetDeck posts to Twitter and Facebook? Cool
