excited to watch you on the warriors!! Good luck against the Knicks tomorrow
Screw you physics, God just bowled a strike
Aww,you too. :)
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 20
same wishing i could meet austin
Hang in there.
Beyond stoked to be presenting "Oh !@#$, I Need Some Code: A Survivor's Guide" at with
Thanks for shout out! Have a magical day!
Usually everyones fantasy is better than their reality, you make my reality better than my fantasy.
what's your kik thing
De nada. You have a good one, too.
I'm starting a 7 day juice fast tomorrow. It detoxifies the body and makes you feel like a new person! Who wants to join me?? :)
follow us on twitter! twitter handle:
Ok... Wow! I thought only terrible teams like the Bobcats do food promotion nights.
Yes, the logo is for shirts. The goal is to have them for the upcoming football season & beyond
#Pantera & PHOTO EDITING!! YEAH!
“: Metta World Threes.”
The slight breeze cooling the days hard labor sweat that layered granny beads around his neck gave him pulse to feel free and human
Had an amazing session in studio so excited about the new stuff coming up =D
Do you ever think someone might have the same farts as you?
i honestly believe that i need to take a vacation from people ....
thanks for the rec! We'll check him out. Still deciding on which games to check out! :)
Sitting in the studio, going over some tunes for the new CD, keep a look out it is going to be hot.
Thank you, Barry. It's always a pleasure working with you on
to be fair, this isn't something that only google started doing on its own--others (bing maps?) track location via wifi as well
Supposed to be the Queen Mary in Long Beach.
Are you orchestrating a spur-of-the-moment drinkup?
For a limited time, refer a friend a receive 15% off!
*ever RT *since September RT : I didn't do any homework last night.... Fuck.
Don't txt me while I'm in the middle of texting you, now I have to change my whole message
The crowd is starting to pile in for tonight's show with legendary performer, Diana Ross!!! Are you here? Tweet at us! :-)
- thanks for the mention.
Path to success is paved with trust. Change your attitude, shift your behavior, results improve says at
Ok no one is at the rec...
oh, and when are u going?
uhh? Lol I don't! But okay ;D
Be Content in what you have; rejoice in the way things are. Realize there is nothing lacking, and the whole world belongs to you. - Lao Tzu
when is final paper due again?
I like to go first, bcuz auditions are fun to me and another way of fine tuning! And the first always gets more time!
Asking for prayers for my dad who is undergoing several tests today. We're trusting in God to see him through
Get to Urban Garage Sale! ALL COATS $30! ALL BUTTON DOWNS $20! DRESSES $20! T-SHIRTS $10!!!!!!!
Podiatrist picks: New Balance: They come in five different widths. Less impressive are the popular Uggs, as they need better arch support.
HELL YEA
going to vote for until my fingers fall off.
I once had 4 girlfriends at the same time. They all met each other too. I'm slick
Nice! Got an ETA for me?
Family today (:
can u dm me your e=mail i wanna get your opinion on something
breathtaking morning. Still haven't begun the one thing actually on my calendar: prepare for Bible Study tomorrow.
Join us TODAY for FREE family fun at APEX Stage in Sweet Auburn Fall Festival. Entertainment, Food, Vendors. 10a-6p
"okay fine... But you gatta follow me because I'm an expert at escaping. Fast escape fast escape... Fast escapes is my experties"
Ima wear my Ortiz shirt week because ORTIZ PRIDE lol jk I hate that school, but I rather wear it than the normal shirts.
thanks for the ff :)
Yo, glad you are here man. The best is yet to come!
Shawn Henry, Executive Assistant Director of the FBI. Lunchtime speaker ast the ISSA conference.
Well that is good to hear, not helpful, but good to hear. :)
Devote a great deal of time talking to customers in person. You'd be dazzled how many companies don't listen to their customers.
Cake balls with mini liqueur shots! It's coming soon!!!
murder suspect on the loose in encino... i feel so safe... :(
love it. i actually have quite a bit of stuff on bollywood in diaspora, if it's still of interest.
That goes against one of eReader's principle selling points, and makes no sense. I pay happily for physical books all...
Judging from the driver in front of me, the traffic circle in Olmos Park is VERY CONFUSING.
Mariachi El Bronx just KILLED it on letterman.
Just got home from a great #futad event. Now have to get up at 4 am to catch a plane to Tucson to visit offices.
solid brag
I don't need permission for the things I do. I do what I want, when I want.
when i was young, i've always wanted to be a wonderwoman. she's cool. haha.
Struggles are part of life, it will either break you or make you, so choose to be strong rather than letting it overcome you.
i saw me some and two of my favorite Abby Sisters lookin real scrumptious tonight
Sort of amazing that and I tweeted the same page from a 2007 article on Serafini’s Codex Seraphinianus yesterday.
yeah buddy.
Getting my baby washed!! Yaay!
logic is sound!
It's impossible to eat healthy when you never go shopping and would rather spend money on other shit, mainly bad things. Roosters? Aghhh 😌
Whenever I see a couple walking around holding hands I have this intense urge to go at them with a chainsaw & cut them a part
this is my other account ill give u a shout out soon sryy i got hw lol
If u r over the age of twenty, do not have a job, and consider rap or producing ur job. U r a bum! Dreams don't pay rent. B a man!
Project is DONE, special thanks to
Why on earth create the Internet if not to give all teachers & students the opportunity to connect w/ peers worldwide.
Take my advice kids. Live fast n die young.
All I need is one one one
can somebody tell watson & boozer to stop shooting
You women always say that... lol
Thanks for the update on the Brent Amaker show begin canceled.
I'm always up for any session with "ludicrous" in the title! RT : "ITIL At Ludicrous Speed: DevOps And More!"
I thought your tweet was going to be about that guy's incredibly loud walkman on the metro tonight...
o my bday is in feb. :)
u do kno me man
I'm not happy with who the Bachelor likes so far. Such a disappointment.
smh.... smh ": So there was a streaker at #UWM yesterday. Today? A protest and another streaker. Leap Day has been trumped."
I just saw a women so big she took up the double doorway.
Are you an SEO expert? Send us a message, we are looking for help.
Watch n' Learn - Rihanna<3
no-one to call and have a late night phone conversation anymore </3. I'm sorry,I just can't let go
Taking a walk on the beach <333
A Whole Day Without 1 Single tweet !!!!!!!!!!! #AreYouSick?
Smh RT : Yea My Man Put Me On I Just Had To Talk To Her But I Bullshitted.
Thanks. I can get you a contact.
hey im back my peeps
Awesome! I interned there over the summer. The current exhibits are fabulous!
Way to nervous for graduation day :o
well it can be his dog? hahahah
I gotta go get fitted for my tux man but its hot ass hell😓
Order sent to Rory in OK!
We've changed our institutional structure and thus our record groups 3 times in the past 3 months.
FUCK MATH. I DON'T UNDERSTAND IT.
with Sonny Rollins tonight, 8 pm @ Detroit's Orchestra Hall!
I just washed my hands with dead sea salt! They feel so smooth!
ah! Ikr? I'm like still mad right now bc I wanna read more! Haha
The hampden games are cancelled due to rain. Stop by fraziers for half price burgers and natty bo's.
nitenite...sleep well..:))
#youknowyoughetto When you got the New Jordan's on BUT your house leaning
Barbara, PLZ attend congress briefing on #homelessness. contact Katie Seit . LETS END CA #homelessness! housing!
Its like everytime you have a convo wit that person fhey always talmbout bills or I need money or somethings wrong ugh
Thanks Chris Davis and MASN cameras. I just lost my lunch...
That's right ;)
Drake: When I say where all my real niggas at... you can be white.. its ok..
That sounds like a sad family memory. Love Airstreams (though from afar...no experience IRL outside MOMA exhibits).
Lol, u are right, sista! My brother has been listening to you since I was a lil girl and I'm 27, so his love runs deep :-)
The moon will b closest 2 earth this weeks end ,,,its gonna b lunacy so b a lunatic ,AND DONT FORGET 2 BARK AT THE MOON
CST comes as a complete package to improve overall #productivity &
Thanks for following! Happy Friday!
I Love you Kimora!!!
when does that come out, BTW?
happy happy happy birthday <3 :*
I am now the father of a beautiful baby girl, Elise Peyton Weidhaas. Elise was born Friday October 14, 2011 at 1:36am in Tampa, FL
René Ricard: When I speak nobody believes me, but when I write it down everybody knows it to be true.
Hungry but ima need all the studyin I can get 2 more weeks
Did your dental insurance change for 2012? Do you know if you have coverage? Call today to get your questions answered and use your benefits
RT : The always lovely joined Loretta Lynn on stage tonight for "coal miners daughter" so great!!...
We could make it something more, of course.
Just saw my first brat fry sign. Must be in sheboygan
You're a Cal alum, I attend South Florida, how about a friendly wager?
anyone know how long you can record a Voice Memo on an iPhone? forgot my mp3 recorder at home and have an interview in a bit.
Merci for the follows , &
HAHA RT : Next Z-Ro concert has to DJ, IM GOING!
Congrats ! It's another beautiful baby boy like big brother Eli!
Deep, Sexy House at Area 31 EPIC Hotel...
I Live In Denver. What About You?
Take a bat and swing it! It'll be good practice for your recreational softball league!
LMAO Me and my dog just farted at the same time
I got the moves like jagger ;)
don't skate towards the puck. Skate to where the puck is going. -- Wayne Gretsky
Interesting article, thanks!
Good luck to you , your boss needs the information. Ha! :p
Enjoy Chicago's beautiful architectural, history and culture with family this weekend. We've added an extra tour on Saturday 1:30pm...
Aww look at all the kids coming back from prom, I wish I could go back in time and go again! #NOT!
If anyone has photos or videos from the Octavia Mardi Gras Parade, please feel free to post them on the facebook page!! Thanks!!
Praying this morning for all of our graduates! Thankful for you finishing the course, but there is more! Keep going!
OMGASH he follows u???? and OMG thats so sweet...thank u soo so much :")
if you lived in the US you would know what I mean.
Listening to Ivy League systems librarians discuss their custom scripts for the catalog...these are the smartest librarians I've ever met.
Never settle with someone you're not happy with, you have to live your own life for you. Don't allow anyone to hold you back..
: you changed my life. :) # "I trust you" and most of all "that was my idea."
Jay is going. Im not. Can't afford the gas/hotel/entry/food/ect
At in Plano... Wish they had one in Manhattan!
Thanks Jennifer! We love working with u guys! were talking about how fast u came on and made things happen! Great work!
rain, you menace! sun, y must you tease? wish you could've stayed longer...
Thai Massage Parlor > OxyContin.
can u follow mee please:)
Feel like shit
Thank for the invitation to go boating with you guys. Looks like a good time. : /. JK
do u see this ??? Please follow me!!!
La La La by Kid Ink Check it out It's amazing
the only one who will talk with me
Just received my voter registration card! I'll be voting in the US for the first time Nov. 2nd. (YAY!)
i know that I will see my enemies today.
That's outrageous!!
Time to start heading to your mission spots! Zombies to engineering tech and Humans to memorial circle
I DMed ya
I don't see any difference. I've only had this laptop for a month now and it's pretty fast. Maybe now it won't become slow :)
Just booked my flight to CALI im ready to get out of nebraska for awhile!
good luck!
Every tv in the entire Milwaukee airport is showing the game. Gotta love those
What info do you need from us?
It happens every so often and I'm not sure why?!?! It is fun to give a bad time about it, like she controls it.
Hope I can see NeverSayNever before it leaves the theaters. I'd go with a group of friends, but they already saw it (x10) =]
Haven't had a vehicle since late '08. Think it's my longest stretch since before I even had a license.
Neither. Rather: effective.
thanks for the retweet yesterday!
sweet! Good as well, been recording and yeah in Sydney.
Still disappointed by "Smoke" on 'Jay Stay Paid'
I gambled. Lack of production from Finley was killing me. Thought celek would do better than 21 yds v Seattle. Onto next wk
Area shops gear up for annual Free Comic Book Day on May 5
Please join me in saying Happy birthday to , the first lady of Tecmo.
Above you can see a neuromuscular junction
sorry for spamming people with facebook event invites, but i'm earning free tickets to see Joyce Manor so yeah.
Wow! Jay Bruce takes Estrada beyond Toyota Territory for the Reds 2nd HR of the inning. 5 straight extra base hits.
Full of urgency to make Jewish art history iPad apps & immersive experiences
sorry I wasn't on twitter follow 4 follow?
Nite n Sweet Dreams all hope you hve a good one!
the Afro comes out tonight ;)
Kevin Durant is an athlete that actually makes you believe what he says in his commercials! Good work! ;)
I'm probably the only girl who decides to pretend she has no idea Cameron Quiseng is right in front of her face and ignores him..
gtg have a grand nite or day to everyone ...follow me and i will follow back hug and kisses no homo or anything like that lol
": here's to the kids who retweet or favorite their crushes tweets just so they will notice them." it's a SIGN
Get your asses to the party this Friday.
University of Pennsylvania researchers claim that women in stable relationships with lots of sex, sleep better than single women do.
thanks Brian!
Awah! I always tell you, I wish there were awesome guys in Seattle!
#YoureTheReason why my parents told me to turn off the tv, and to turn down my music!!
oh. That was a typo, I meant boy pussy 🐱
*Shrugs* Well... yo nigga like it!
I LOVE YOU BEYOND! :) be home at 1:30!
Huge minutes by Wiltjer.
The weakest link in cyber security is also its greatest potential resource. The connection between the chair and keyboard.
This Record Store Day, I have to remember to stretch.
Japanese Blossom green tea taste like eating hand soap but I strangely like it :/
If you give me you address, I send you a post card!
Only thing I learned in class today.. When I give presentations, I get migraines.
Man am I sore from yesterday!
how much do you charge for mixing just instrumentals ?
Join me TODAY at the Elgin Winter Market, 800 N. State St. in Elgin. I'll be there from 9am-3pm. Free admission. See you there!
Brent Schlender is an important subject that is taught at all academic levels
Congrats to & & whole Broncos PR staff -- well done!
What does Superman taste like? RT : I had completely forgotten Superman flavored ice cream existed.
Lmfao!!!! RT : Joey playfully smiling and waving and lol'ing metros.... Idk man
You rotten kids and your rock and roll! Don't have too much fun without me.
Pretty dope day at work, super chill hustle game
It's #raining, it's pouring! But tickets we're still selling! #RedSquare right outside the #ICC doors!
Waking up in my new apartment in L.A. I'm hoping if I go back to sleep the stuff in my boxes will unpack themselves.
I only want to see #starwars in 3D if it seems like I am making out with Hans Solo.
Baltimore City One Stop Permit : 20 people waiting - 5 desks with staff sitting looking at monitors not serving anyone. One Stop...
No awning yet -- we'll let you know!
So much for my sushi craving, FDA says could be linked to Salmonella outbreak. 8 people in Wisconsin have been sickened.
Nice ideas...she loves shoes but the bracelet might be it
Hmm...get someone like Big Papi, Manny, and Josh Beckett to save your butts :)
Dear beer gods, thank you. xo ashley
#cbsongs #BuckyCovington OMG! Falling out laughing here!! Thank you!!!
It's a great weekend for Steamed Mussels and a Fat Tire...$15.95 or a bucket of any 5 bottles for $15.00 It's Happy Hour all weekend long!
FYI, it is technically UC Boulder. Not CU as is Colorado University.
Pinterest is fantasy football for girls.
I used to like you Kevin. Then you sent that Tweet
My ipod has auto reverse
sorry to hear that, hope you work things out and get time to relax while you wait.
“: Oh, you're getting a white iPhone? Why don't you get the black one? It runs faster.”
Happy donut day!
I'm celebrating Labor Day by taking a nap, having a snack followed by another nap, then dinner, then a nap, then it is time for bed.
Great meeting you today at the SXSW panel :).
Great Lakes history, Detroit as a maritime city, Louis XIV's swag, and Detroit's native Indian community.
Arianna Huffington pulled a sword from a man's [Dan Meyer's,nevermind his involment in study for BMJ] throat Jan.13th.Now,I respect her.
Just a reminder to Maine-based bands and musicians: we're always looking for new and unreleased music to play on the podcast. DM for deets.
right like a mini bed haha
Oh hey Cole Hamels 😍😘❤
I'm going to tweet while watching reality tv...I'm pretty sure it's what all the cool kids are doing...
will do!! See ya in
thanks for the return follow. Have a great night. Spring break here! Sleeping in, here I come
Just be you, be you
With my first official tweet i ask a question. With solidarity innocuous in generalities, when shalt the interlude proclaim postulancy?
oh, don't be so snarky.
don't be working your pretty little head off too hard lol
Agree on research worry, questions of definition. Like the question raised, tho. Comments interesting.
That play was slow all around. Slow dribbler, slow run, slow hit for Bobby Abreu
Congratulations to my pr peeps in #JMS481 and #JMS581! We did it, great job everyone! Keep in touch over summer!
Chris Martin's a member of the club. Not sure about Joe Walsh.
"So believe me when I say, 'You're the one.'" Papa Roach knows what the fuck is up.
We all are though. Don't be too hard on yourself.
thank you for the follow & retweet! good luck!
LOL hes my favorite on the show!!!
inside scoop .. and I met for 4 hrs in March at the Boulder CO Chautauqua to plan & I haven't posted notes :) yet
Sometimes a bike ride is just the only thing that helps.
Asia skye is Ready to do my photoshoots!
Now I know why my email hasn't been working! It's , I typed the wrong one last time
- As long as you keep putting wood on the baseball, you could show up on the field in curlers ! Love Cutch !
Compared to "regular" food, there are 40% more antioxidants in organic food.
TIP: If you lock your tweets, no one can retweet you.
where did that year go?
shoot you're right so say the interwebs...#buzzkill'd
Personally... I liked the most recent Indiana jones movie.
Before I forget: "I had a glue habit, but then I couldn't get the glue out of the syringe."
ya'll are sO funny. I rather get in trouble for being nice than being selfish... But, I appreciate the advise
RT : Good to see in Bristol tdy for #Carwash. Gr8t pub for the talented QB.
Fuck that cop.
I don't think I've ever been at downtown at howl this early... Let alone any bars this early lol
sun is in the sky why, oh, why, would I want to be any were else
I Jus saw two fat ass raoches :'( I'm scared they were right by my face I ran
I thought you did AWESOME!!!!!! On Latin night!!!!
No sleep
Who wants to go to the movies wth me!!!??? Today
Please check out my firm's new website, let me know what you think, and refer me to clients!: www.madisonpllc.com.
Talk about a crowd with energy!! Only
Hitting the allstar game at Horizon tonight..
Jay O'shea signs 2 year deal with Birmingham City in the English Premier league, leaving behind Galway United in the Irish Premier,well done
Twitter jail
4.15 is coming, tax needs to be filed :-(
I'll be there lol I'm going up with people
this is why it's unwise to wash a car, in or on your way to LBK
Oh yeah!
On to the 3rd pot of coffee today!
uh oh - better go back!
Britney!!! Lol rude!
You know that megatouch game What a Mess? That's what my entire apartment looks like right now.
follow me :)
I don't, but I'll keep you in mind if someone asks.
Bearcats choking....ugh!!
#MYIDOL Jessica sings beautiful an wonderful every week if she keeps doing whatever she doing she be on top
If you are 1 of the 9 ppl in Marion County who voted provisionally bc of no ID, you have until 12PM Fri to bring it in so ur vote will count
up early, keeping company with coffee and jetlag. Later its catching up on work and kickball..
Betemit is just bad everywhere
Crap on a spatula. Let's try that again.
I don't tweet on the first date.
I need to make a conscious effort to keep myself from showing complete strangers pictures of my dog on my phone.
#IfITellYou I Love You, will you love me back?? <3
I need some new clothes
Who invented the alarm clock anyways?
70% of the earth covered by water, Charles Woodson covers the rest.
This is so crazy!
wonderful work. Blessings to you and your family. Let us know how we can work together.
Lots of GREAT things are continuing to happen for "The Encore of Tony Duran"... stay tuned
gonna try to go to bed... goodnight :D
Forgot my book and my headphones on midterms day. Great.
im glad you blocked me on twitter cuz you just saved urself from finding tweets about me and getting ur fucking ass beat
RT : Great reason 2 have social media strategy: can count the hours per year it'll require & advocate for that.
#YouShouldNever call anyone you haven't talked to in the past 48 hours after drinking your 3rd margarita
The key to happiness is having dreams. The key to success is making your dreams come true. Anonymous”
I don't smoke,but I'm gonna try to find a way to get high tomorrow,just to see what it feel like.
So ready for school to be over and for the weekend to begin(:
its sad any piece of shit can have a kid
Just got home off work n I Tired as fuck Still bout to work out tho gotta stay in shape 4 dis upcoming deployment
Est oakland gone wild. Lol
Thanks for the follow back! You are my 200th! Go get yourself something nice as a prize ;)
probably right....I'm not cryin for him.
Oh, I misread it first. YES! So true! :-)
#WhenAustin comes back on ustream after he left and says "I forgot to do a heart. *does heart with hands* Love you guys." <3
Heat up by 14 with one quarter of play left. #LetsGoHEAT !
they only had this color in the store, he said they had more color options online. :)
Bored as phuck
Hope everyone is having a great time at BarCamp!
Seriously though, it's validity is being discussed. Would love to go.
very awesome article
yes I think Drupal is great. The flexibility and simplicity are good for libraries too.
if it's 6 more weeks like this one, I hope it's shadow!
Just ate 12 Bagel bites #whoops 😳
would you follow back ?
“: If you state the obvious, I have no choice but to come back sarcastically.”
Is homesick seeing 's post about the Alabama sunset. Though, the sun setting through the LA smog layer was kinda pretty too.
I don't sell drugs but I get respect from those that do. I don't run Google but I get respect from those that do. I'm me I don't pretend.
Silence is golden.
white ppl can't say nigga lol
Scottish accents are foiling the iPhone's Siri voice recognition system. The natural Scottish brogue is proving hard for Siri to understand.
Re: ..."on Nick Holt...there won't be a change...." if Holt returns it'll be Sarks last season! I'm a bettin' man...
Long distance drum tracking with via iChat.
Question of the night fr NE Patriots fan 2 me, #sb46 vol: Why WHY isn't your Governor running 4 President?!? (Agree! We need )
Watching The Descendants. My exciting night.
The KCAs are finally on in Hawaii. :]
Is at mcdonalds with his mom
Thank you Brian. Do I have a future as a game show host? How about filming a pilot for Advisor Jeopardy? ("What is GMWB?")
Uugh I'm so nervous calling this recruiter
Do the ethnography first, then the means-based statistical work. Or else have your subject matter nailed down hard. Get it?
No school for moi :) !
i want it to be summer. i want shorts, the smell of sun tan lotion, sun, heat, beaches, surf, SUN!!!! basically i want Hawaii :)
Placing silverware down slows our eating down
no prob dude. let us know if we can help you out at all with your demo!
Was the show canceled?
quality time with my bed. i have to leave it far too early tomorrow morning.
This bus is crowded. Ah. D:<
Our markets offer discounts for Hybrid Automobiles.
John Anthony Ciardi~ A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students.
One key thing to remember in life. Always give it your all no matter what because you never know who is watching. What do you think?
It is beautiful out this morning and I'm feeling beautiful as well. Hope I can keep this feeling all day. :)
This baby store has glockenspiel covers of REM songs.
Ima Smile at this SHIT...BUT ITS ALL GOOD....
*serious face* "The one who talks like a leprechaun is mine."
did you create a kickstarter for funds?
Just finished Blankets by Craig Thompson. The end sections of that book really made the whole thing for me.
Hey everyone were playing at the canvas clash on saturday! address;613 main st. boonton new jersey! we go on at 7! be there!
Staying positive, changing lives:-) That's how I'll live this week.
That's a good problem to have!
The Rage would like to welcome their first sponsor of the 2012 season. Spirits Pub and Grill in SM! Thanks for your support.
Thanks for the follow James. Looks like you have a solid portfolio of work.
First old smuggler improv, now mental notion show, then support the burlesque. Who sleeps?
My granma tryna make meatloaf . She gone ask me to help her in a minute ..
wouldnt be afraid to debate any politician of any party on domestic affairs. Politicallogic? How bout
ugh i love it so much! holy moly
#hth2012 Frank: need for digital data. Says libraries mainly focus on paper, says digital different. Says managing as "object" doesn't work
Do I really have to get my own cell phone plan?
Party With Us -- The Wanted:Emcees via
Charles Thompson~ Never solve a problem from its original perspective.
Is it Canada Day or Canada D'eh?
THE NUMBER #1 STATION OF MUSIC
4-1 #Cubs! Let's do it.
What song do you got stuck in your head?
Dehydration is terrible for the body! Most sports drinks contain dissolved minerals, carbs, and prevent cramps better than water.
Speaking of tacos, when does start catering??? and my birthday is comin' up in 6 months
Aw, wish we could be there!!
FREE CD's for Classrooms and Educators! Message us your address!
So school exams were suppost to be all week I got it all done today and got most of it right after missing to yrs of school. Yes!!!!!
Sorry im missing it. RT : Listening to discuss social media analysis. Like him already
It's never too hot for a cooling facial.Replenish what the outdoors & makeup have taken away. RVA Tweeters welcome at www.hairinthecity.me
hope you had a lovely day off :)x
Soon my friend, soon. RT Are you eating #partynuts? #RT Eating lunch outside...54 degrees!
Only one reason why i like B days. >>
To you, too! Enjoy your day.
You're not cool
Stop calling yourself sexy. The only thing you turn on is a microwave.
Loved the post on your blog
hope not :s
it still wont let u?
I be working and watching Grey's Anatomy at the same damn time
About to check out this John Carter movie. Surprised at lack of billboards in LA.
you have a twitter and you said you didn't liar
A slap of reality ... What a lovely feeling :/
I need help on the algebra review packet.😁
This Momma certainly doesn't like that when we're 3hrs out from being home... Keaton is starting to get a bit carsick :(
Hey abstinence, go fuck yourself
Oh wow, that sounds divine!!
What does career mean to you? How much is it related to your self-identity?
Scratch that, line out USA
Yesturday woke up 7 a.m., 11 a.m. got wisdom tooth pulled. Came home & took afternoon nap), then tattooed from 7 p.m to 6 a.m. (13 hours)
Where are you going to "ShowUp" this weekend?
LOVE the father-son banter.
Just did a really fun interview with Rob Delamorte! It'll air tomorrow night...details to come!
Still #reading Cleaving. Trying and failing not to hate her. An ounce of remorse would be helpful.
When 11 year olds ware more makeup then you do
when I can tell my sister wants my food and then I purposely don't give her any
Is it possible to spill both a cup of coffee and gasoline on yourself in the same half-hour? The answer is apparently yes.
Happy Birthday! :)
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. ~ Victor Hugo
Hey, Everyone Else Is Doing It. RT For A Shoutout!(:
Derrick Rose / Swelling down, but Joakim Noah remains out for Game 5
Don't start now RT ": I haven't been home all day :/"
It's about my son's sensory processing disorder and how he's essentially been healed & about my music and God's faithfulness.
Having to work the day after mifflin <<<
i wanna leave school...atleasta to just go eat lunch!
My grits came out great!
think I just saw in harlem...? anywayz, BIG SHOUT OUTS to Idris for doing it big for blacks in Hollywood! Keep up the great work!
plz tell me when the 2 asses r done in the ring!
Bria's interlude
Yeaa! Think they would get back together to play at my wedding?
DAMN IT RAMPAGE. Next game, babies. Next game.
'Un-Conference' at USHM in DC is currently underway. Lots of great sessions being proposed. Virtual worlds, participation, gaming ...
ahahhaha. a great laugh to start the day.
Starting this Friday, I'll be posting the Rant Sports College Football Mailbag! CFB questions? Send em my way!
No problem(: Happy to help!!
Certainly. Back to proper role of GOVT.Make legal but not lie about what it is. It opens vast paths to spiritual darkness.
I WANT COOKIES!
#iftwitterdoesntexist I'd still be asking, "ASL?".
Worst gift ever! RT : Happy Bday! RT I think I hear crying somewhere
sure let's say that,that your a "rebel" I can just imagine you like I'm in the car or something & I see you just cutting down a tree
Me: desperately trying to quit smoking. Hubby: let's go shopping in Schaumburg tomorrow & spend the $$ your saving. Yeah, I'm keeping him.
Mite Do A Cover Of Marvins Room & Trust Issues. Not Sure Tho.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
He's done.....RT Gingrich: "We are going to think carefully about how we can be the most helpful to this country"
Please, nobody text me anything about the Pens game tonight as I won't be watching it until much later.
Multi cod tomorrow! ;D
That is a lie, gottlieb. #fact. And that is a jump ball.
hahahahahaaha you really shouldn't i know i wont
Thanks for tweeting about it!
Only 140 minutes left until the world premiere of Season 3 of "The Walking Dead" on AMC @ 9 PM (EST).
Season’s Tweetings: If you send someone a card on the 15th, & then they send you one on the 22nd, they were just politely reciprocating.
Omfg... Ebony called me talking about doing freaky things. Lmao.
Just saw a swine flu mask. *jaws theme* uhoh, its cominnnggg
Good job cowgirls. If you make it to the playoffs, I'll give you the second part of your name back.
Griffin better pull his team together.....game not starting out good
Avkash Chauhan , Jared Wray, Shy Cohen and Paul Morse are an awesome last batch of speakers today at #CloudFairSeattle!
I hate that song
Here is something to note....VISO IS 4TH! Hopefully he doesn't wipeout.
It really dosent matter what u try 2 say ..if i had a ladder up their is where id b their fukin with my mind ..do it all the time
go to our page and see the nonsense. There is no way our tacos are the best in ATX for some & the worst in the world for a few.
Oh Deena you can cry on my shoulder.
my son just said oh ma..u lick booty huh? Yeah I saw that... Da Fuck!
RT : An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. ~ Benjamin Franklin
The most interesting panda in the world wants to go crazy for the best phone in the solar system!!
i never be on twitter, explains all of my unfollwers lol
Want to start talking about planned giving on social media? Start with bequests, the message is simple, says .
Blah benchmarks tomorrow better study
i am still impressed (after 3 mins). did you look at their photos and do the designs and then do it "stitch by stitch"?
so am I invited to come to the party you'll throw at your new home? Lol.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 8
“: Feeling any better today?” yup! Thanks for asking! :-)
Saw that coming....
dude this game is gonna be awesome(:
give us a call at 512-300-2739 and we can ask questions back and forth much easier
I need a giant bible or dictionary or encyclopedia to prop up my computer so the monitor's at eye-level and my neck doesn't die.
i have told him that this is not the 1st time he hass almost did it
Gonna end this night with some Devil Wears Prada<3 sweet!
Working on multimedia marketing plan for another client. Always fun to tie traditional into interactive media. Plus, it works!
haha awesome! See ya tonight :-)
The Rampage Game with the family
She best not be getting stompy with you! She can with Azzhat, but not you!! I'll beat her with her own hooka heels. ;)
Love the quote. What was SRR comparing that to? Espec. since he was long before the time of portable info in any format u choose.
Is anyone familier with the phenomenon? Its extraordinary!
She's afraid that if she leaves, she'll become the life of the party.
Kids 17 and under can sail FREE on selected 3-4 night DISNEY cruises!
The power of God can be experienced n many ways! Dancing, a hug, butterflies! Many ways!!!
Google is 56 spots behind Apple on this year's Fortune 500 list. Sorry bout it, android.
": Pretty much unfollowing people who don't follow me or I don't interact with. #seeya"<don't leave me.........please!
among OTHER thangs
Just tied both of my shoes while driving
“: Will Khloe forgive Kris for getting "Mavs Mama" perks? Find out what that means on , Sunday @ 10/9c! NO!
if anything is bothering you, you can text me and tell me about it, boo boo. :)
she's so good! Unbelievable!
Great weekend...thanks to all who came out and partied with us! In the mean time, Monday Funday has commenced - special industry bottle p...
....I will get there early
excited for a BIG executive announcement tomorrow... watch and see!!
ha 21 likes, go larry.
Had never heard Jailhouse or Pawn Shop before (lame, I know) so thanks for the tip. Thanks also to Spotify for being awesome.
Follow me and ill follow u bac
I'm watching Your Mama (6274 others checked-in)
Last tweet wasn't purely factual, but you know what is? #RewardMilk (now also brought to you by Mleczko Brothers and, fuck it, Pizza Hut)
With about to pick up then we are going to Relay for Life!
“: how much are kiffin's boosters giving you? Post the picture of your new car”
While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us. ---Benjamin Franklin
This guided tour of Independence Hall would be much improved with a little whiskey. Let's move all of it and us to NOLA.
Chashing my dreams ..
I swear man, sometimes honesty gets you in double the trouble...
good luck, i hope it goes well please follow her :)
Family dinner night at Sir Pizza in Palmetto Bay. A restaurant the family can reach by Old Cutler bike path. Build appetite- eat- work off
Cody Simpsons going on tour! Whoop Whoop! :) #WelcomeToParadise :D
Big game Friday! Will you be the game?
#wicked, the Broadway musical, is amazing! If you haven't seen it, do! Green is my new favorite color.
Did you see the missprint by NHL network last night?
thanks! will do :)
At home I still have all this red rashes
Too tired goodnight 🌙
Watching rkelly on centric Love older men #rkelly can get it all of it
i like this one!
Solid. I couldn't get tix to Toronto. So I'm hitting up Dawes at Midnight Ramble instead.
Texas Rangers, Saints, Grizzlies, and Memphis Tigers.
Why are people telling us how they got drugs?
back in January I thought at best 8 seed. Tigers have got a lot better... but man the ACC has fallen..
Im sorry.
Stossel's REGULATED TO DEATH show airing again now on Fox News
Thank you so much for the shout out! We're embarrassingly late in responding!
hii bebes*: OMG GIRL I CANT WAIT TO HANGOUT YOU HAVE NO IDEA.
Second Fox Valley meeting just wrapped. Ideas exchanged, inspiration shared, momentum gained!
Who is going to see the sneak preview of hunger games today? Me.
. I have no problem with that nod. As long as we give one to Patrick Ness as well. And David Macinnis Gill.
yeah, it was my old iPhone. I was saving it as a backup and using it as an iPod in the meantime.
Hey , love that you included an illustrated piece this issue! And, as always, great work.
you going to Kevin's party?
Hungry, hubby's off his diet. What to eat?
Dontari Poe has the greatest draft day hair ever
When a house is sold that is job creation. Contractors get work. Hardware companies sell product. Appliances and and furniture are bought
I do have luck with my queries, not so much with my scripts. I need to slow down and make sure I have something to pitch first
Thanks for RTs! :)
Happy Birthday Chuck. Have an Amazing Day and a great weekend. Be safe!
well, he IS black Manu. With better overall hair, face AND head.
Overheard in the campus Starbucks: I want a science class that isn't so intensely science-y. #don'tweall
not usually. we game Magic games, which have been absolutely horrendous as of late.
That combo would be scary. I'm excited to see how the offense looks under Watson
Ask us about how we can help you make responsible recycling decisions in your work place.
missed the oscars :(, but I am going to making some interesting quotes I've hear through my life. hope you like!
Tell your friends to #FOLLOW us! You could win a gift certificate!!!
I used to say that. You'll be back.
thanks for making it a great night next time you come to town let's chill more
A burger from is more than just a meal, it is an experience. One I am still taking part in almost 4 hours after lunch is over.
the blind scary girl who had a thing with garrett but now she has been seen with noel
lol wait is that sarcasm
I am working at Flagstar Bank as a Financial Services Representative. Flagstar Bank has a fabulous concept called sit down banking ...stop …
Smokin that ganja | “: Im up up and away o_O”
So i just noticed im following 666 peeps.....and well i follow back....so SOMEONE CLICK DAT FUCKIN BUTTON PLZ!
Mick and Mack! RT : Do the Lions outside of McMicken have names?
oh well, makes cleaning house even easier to justify I guess
Hey does Hootsuite not do google+?
Pigeon Pose: why must you be so painful?
Not even an atom worth of fucks
Aww. Mel brought the baby in!
If I ever burned a bridge. It was meant to be set a fire!
You can now get my first book on amazon, check it out and let me know what you think!
It does appear that Sveum is a worse tactician than R. May have to bestow Buck Funting on him.
Man that is a big head...
watchn' think like a man (:
:) , and I just have never seen it lmao
WHAT are they reviewing? Wow, have the review guys been clueless today!
It must be because the demand is so high.
: ditto on the Pixies song...my favorite band of all time!
I guess I'm graduating with some pretty cool people.
“: My favorite roads have words in them like "lick, creek, hollow, spring, branch, fork." Know what I mean?” RuralBackroads.quant
Told your publisher, Dan Meyer, that I love your tweets.
this is an awesome match!!! Go Taker
Breaking Benjamin,<3
I think he should get three games. Obviously those fines haven't taught him anything.
Winner winner chicken dinner! Michael will announce the lucky owner of our DVD library package very soon.... Thanks for entering :-)
Awesome! :) Good things are coming your way!
Inspired by big-city sophistication, the new easy-to-wear LE Mary Kay® Metro Chic Collection lets you create looks from sheer to wow
Colts!! Just Kidding Has to be Eagles. "The team most likely to mimic the feat in 2012 is ______."
where is it
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon #soccer sayings: Control the flow of the game
Really looking forward going back to the gym tomorrow really need it
bumping those calories up lol
It's raining... And I'm coolin' til these games start
RT : “: You have free will, so the universe supports whatever you decide to think or believe.”
I agree that VS and Directv will make it happen in the end.
: Good luck with that! Step one: go build a snow man today. Are you snowed in at #brazen HQ?
Errybody know me
Winning is not a sometime thing, it is an all the time thing. You don’t do things right once in a while…you do them right all the time.
Oh poo. I can't go. I'm in rehearsal at that time. :( Thanks anyway.
"In a progressive country change is constant; change is inevitable." Benjamin Disraeli
i really do hate people who protect their tweets like why even have a twitter
Desperately want a cookie. Chocolate chip is who we are today! Step off, oreo.
God wants a relationship with you
Some in Chicago let you pick your own seats when you buy tickets. Nice to not sit next to others.
Can't stop geekin
There were many take-aways; most importantly, deciding as a country how we will enforce human rights for detainees.
Refuse to be average. Let your heart soar as high as it will. -Aiden Wilson Tozer
Good to meet you too! I guess it's a little like West Point, in that it's topnotch. Not really very military though!
wut do mean everyday? As in 7 days a week?
Trust takes years to build, seconds to break, && forever to get back. #Single(:
The cafe is rockin! Come on by.
good luck with PT!
Twelve (12) the min. number of products it takes to get me out of the house in the morning. Could I be higher maintenance than I thought?
not sure what I'm going to do with it yet. But I'm excited too.
The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others. Treat yourself GOOD!!! You deserve it!
Narveson gone for season, my panic meter is only at a 4. Long season, super early and I believe in Doug Melvin. So
Good luck on the birth o there 2nd child tonight Jackson will be here soon!!
Love the sound of that!! :) What is this new project you speak of?!!
at least it smells good :)
Yay! It's Halloween !! I'm gunna be tinker bell<33
Hey ANWAR AL-AWLAKI Momma said knock you out!
Hi Glenn, Best headset mic? Generally DPA. One ear or two? Their one-ear d:Fine is really popular (and really good!)
Just scanned through your tweets from #CivicFruit. Will need to check out projects mentioned.
"Coming to America."
reading about Knowledge Organization Systems... brains are draining out my ears. Anybody have an interesting research area in Digital Libs?
go cerrone, even if you have your name tattooed across your upper back
Dogtooth is really good but The Arbor is something special. It's like a documentary Dennis Potter-style.
Yeah, I hoped that too, haha... It's been *really* difficult to put it mildly. I'll have to send you that email :)
Look priceless
Resource & research center- goal: strategic solution development & intervention in the high rate of incarceration. www.churchandprison.org
ayyee I can make ya squirt . U wanna find out ? ;-)
I'm so glad! I hope you have a lovely weekend, too, Roberta :))
What's good ! You ready to party Friday!?
THAT NEW SHIT YOU SENT ME CRAZY!!!
According to personal issues w/one of the #CA52 candidates has resulted in the cancellation of Sunday's debate. We hope all is well.
Hey - "Devote today to something so daring even you can't believe you're doing it." ~Oprah Winfrey
So dark and cold, I drive alone like a phantomrider s2
Actually just fell for my boyfriend.... :O heehee
At 'Latinos in Social Media' panel.
That 70's Show...
She's A Free Soul, Burning Roads With A Flag In Her Bra!
Haha! That really sucks! I feel for you! At least you have twitter! Lol
Ugh, why can't it be 50+ degrees
if you're talking about sofia verggggaraaaararar, then I love you for it.
"There is a very little emotional return on investment on fixing potholes." focus on the more important things.
Shen Te impressive...terrific numbers...set recalls cubist painter Braque - SD Reader. The Good Person of Szechwen through May 3
I never want to hear the truth, I want to hear your voice.. <3
UGH! Car accident #2 in less than 9 months! Got sideswiped last night by a guy running a red light. Red means STOP, people!
My eyes brows are growing back :)
m good! The hot could be a little more hot, but that's what sriracha is for.
good idea :D
If there is one, he is only pretending, like a pig inserting scallions into its nose in an effort to look like an elephant
HAHA yeah, lots of culture. Lots of decadence too ;) It's one of those places that's just unique and magical.
Are the Cleveland Indians from Cleveland California?
OH MAN. That's not the type Smith usually allows. Damn.
Good morning everybody! Its been a busy week, so glad its friday!
My mom just referred to the man in Zumies as the "mr bearded man"
to go send message to guests. There should be am option to send only to those who haven't responded.
6 weeks i cant do sports -.-
I need to be a famous
It's going to be a great game!
Like your new photo!
We should be listed on there now for both cities. Love the site!
oh i get it.
I AM SO CONFUSED! YOU NEED TO REPLY TO CONFIRM THIS CRAZYNESS!! O.O AM I DREAMING?!
True. Though the image space is already being affected by the filters covering the image.
I was actually gonna tag you in the tweet lol
oh. I didn't know he just asked me to tell you.
A thought to all the Trayvon Martins out there who once were. How many of them? I tremble to even ask.
we already on it that track Bumpin
I mean are you fucking dumb
#mh11 Homerun: Connect people to a supportive community - thru their mobile device - to promote healthy microchoices.
Yes, I am still here! How are you doing?
Kobe has that Black Mamba Look...everybody on the Laker Squad need to Man-up and Let's Get this Win!
Thanks! We love the love! RT : I dig this :)
officially checking out...for now. Gotta get something under my belt--Good night to those of you on opposite ends of the earth ;-)
YAY YOU GOT A TWITTER!!!!
What the.
R.E.T.W.E.E.T IF YOU THINK CASEY ANTHONY IZ GUILTY !!!!!!! I BET IM GONNA GET 24568765432345678765 RETWEETS lmfao
I'm having a blast🎉🎉
I'm starting a Julyan Stone chant, whose in?
What are your plans for the weekend, Missouri?
Why can't I find #instagram for #android in Google Play?
pretty sure my twitter got hacked...
agreed! Especially when factoring in boobs.
RT : Gauss proved the Fundamental Theorem of Algebra in his doctorial dissertation in 1799.
lol. Story of my life:)
much love to Blue Boys, Redskins and Panthers. Much hate to the Red Devils!
If I were still a student there I wouldn't go to class until the entire admin quit.
There's a fine line between an idiot and a genius
hm not sure! Where are you?
stay tuned for specials and updates!
sup;) i bet u 100000000000000 dolla u wont retweet dis and then follow me(:
THANK YOU! (drives me crazy!!!)
I'm doing a lot better. Had bad flare of knee arthritis and then a nosebleed. So attractive to limp and have a red schnoz.
RT : A candle-lit stroll is the perfect way to share the holiday with loved ones Fri, 6-9 at Maclay Gardens
you picked well!
that happens to some of our toys too! It's sad to say goodbye but usually Mom and Dad replace them with something cool!
Describe your work ethic.
Olive sighed and turned to look at me. "Maddie, if that was really you in the cemetery, then... you're my ancestor."
hehe I still love u tho!
Brilliant girls! RT :
"Every man has a yardstick by which he measures his success. We'll talk about that after the break."
#90sproblems included not having enough tape left on your VCR recorder and you missed the ending to a game :(
i have no idea
Well, it's probably good practice to keep at the bookers/pr thing. I'll visit the site next week, try to give some feedback.
looks so peaceful & sounds like fun!!
Getting paid tomorrow. Have to keep telling myself. Getting paid tomorrow.
If we do not change our direction, we are likely to end up where we are headed. - Chinese Proverb
Back from NYC and the #NBCC Awards . It was great to see all those book lovers in one room.
haha you don't have to do anything with them (:
Cheers to Mo Rivera on a great career. Always dominant, always a class act.
I think the next book I'm gonna read's gotta be Whiplash River, by Lou Berney. Looks like loads of fun.
There are alternatives to liposuction. Velashape can help you smooth out cellulite and improve your appearance. Call for more information
Somewhere in there is a joke about giving up 9 to gain 7....... just sayin.
aint bin on here in a min
ok every1 I have 2 go clean the bathrooms n my anuts house I will be back soon maybe 15 mins :)
RT : Any #OC #moms have little fashionistas in the house? Check out Fashion Camp OC in & Winter Break Camp! htt
#ItsCrazyHow these girls really model their lives after the chics from the reality shows
I think that criminalization is NOT the same as help. There are organizations that provide services, resources, & outreach for youth
A mid-week meditation session is necessary to help with concentration and clarity. How do you take a moment to yourself?
Had alot of fun
I don't think that's entirely fair, but I do think that every time a respected person writes about cocaine, the pups do cocaine
no im serious
Thank you everyone for all the FF much appreciated.
So Irritated :/
dang it! I forgot about #Mobwives !! Hate my life right now
Think you just came up with the newest Twitter app... ;) Build it!
if you don't like selena then don't put her name in yo mouth. she got enough haters and problems to deal with. she don't need more problems!
True- but last night I dreampt I was coding opera. There is a limit to these things :-)
What is the most religious insect ?A mosque-ito !
So my mom sending me money on my bday to NY lmao. So using it for #Yankees stuff. Best thing bout NY ! My #Team Wear x3
or an amusement park in Finland called Fin Land.
now that is just fuckin psychotic
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
Why does a squirrle swim on its back? To keep its nuts dry
Very pretty vintage blue Mustang convertible just drove by. Curse you for making me notice pretty Mustangs. #willstilldriveit ...
Pretty good Joy. Happy Thanksgiving to you friend!
Thanks for the follow. Back at you.
come make s hit song instead
the way you light up my world like nobody else the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed
Awesome, man ... press on!
Las Palmas in West Allis originally opened in 1994.
Come see us at Playland on Friday!
It's just a straight up bro-down
playoff bound!! Go for it!
first blood in what?
Follow my sis skills like no other...she's good for any event...get at her ASAP!!
“The tragedy of life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach.” -Benjamin Mays
Sorry, I tried! The editors don't work weekends. Monday. please post the christina aguilera interview you did today!! please
Apparently it's weird to say "far out" anymore
follow back sis :)
no! It would be - cant let that happen, Guv mansion grass would get too high not being mowed!
Yip ties it up
Not sure where the o came from
Hi Ian Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
• Carlos Gomez. Looks like hamstring?
ARTIC new online publication platform includes layered images (incl. X-Ray), a notes and a citations tool. Looks good on iPad, too.
I get so bored in the tanning bed
Watching all panels online that I can!! I like to imagine that I'm in the audience isthatweirdihopenot.
who brings rubber into bed?
I agree with all of this. Mandarin would be awesome.
I so wish I could go to SOB's tomorrow:(
you made my day
TY again for the flattering portrayal in today's sketch.
The Avengers tonight!!
I love you so much omg. And thanks! c:
Lol! Good to the last bite? Thanks for dining with us Patty! Hope you enjoyed the experience.
I look forward to it! Have u seen "Crazy Heart" yet? It's my favorite movie of the season so far, tho I haven't seen many
#whosgonnalose - Miami v Wisconsin - Miami will lose
I made a playlist with The Wanted, Hot Chelle Rae, and David Archuleta thinking 'its all my fav guys'. Weirdest combination of songs ever.
Doesn't have to be much...just the 'good one' comment is enough to do me in.
hey girl hey!!
Looking for things in my house that i could sell .-.
When you get it all off your chest, you'll feel better. #Truth"
#aln2011 I love that Cable Green just quoted Lincoln and related it to open education.
She definitely is "D"! I haven't herd from her in 2 weeks
“: Ion need a bunch of bitches, it's just me & my cousins<3 & ” get yal chimpetslookin ass
: " Disco! Disco! " LOL at the fact that in Jordan there's a brand of chips called "Disco" :)
He wants us to be fed up with letting Him down. He desires our righteousness as a testimony to His greatness.
Wishing for a formal evening event to happen asap so I have a reason to wear a sequin dress.
Thank you to everyone who made it out to the release show on Saturday. We had a blast!!
So great to meet you yesterday! You're amazing for doing it all again today...I was so exhausted last night :)
Badass flick. The Citizen Kane II of horror movies!
my wife and I laughed like crazy at this last night!
RT : If your looking for a blessing, go bless somebody!! That blessing you were looking for will find you!!
Tell us about Day of the Tread!!!
Read directions first! Hahaha
Austin: Can I make you smile? Me: Of course honey, just take your pants off.
Nicole Richie looks so chic!
on twitter nd texting and u
You know you don't have to
#followfriday Ferris' Hospitality Program's 20th Gala! March 26th at the JW Marriott Grand Rapids.
&#39;Burn the Floor&#39; dance show now in Tampa
haha I used to work at lowes and saw 2 guys fight because this guys dog was humping the other guy. Hilarious and annoying!!
Oh man! Now I feel foolish for just using my name. I am going to go hang my head in shame now.
Get over yourself.
how come u don't talk much anymore lol xx
When someone's hysterical, instinct is slap them back to reality? So, why let Emos manufacture political outrage? Calm & assertive.
follow those who you would like to be collecting or selling YOUR art. Interior designer? Magazine editors? Museum buffs?
In shock. MAG Volkswagen didn't charge me for a rental!
No problem!
Mine too the remix RT : I made my morning alarm We Found Love so I always wake up frolicing & in a good mood. Thx
he's is totally DTF. Diaper toys and formula.
I love her thoughts >>>>>
#ChenGuangcheng MT : Romney speaks at length abt Chen, says if reports R true he wanted 2 leave US emb,"its a day of shame" 4 Obama
Why is it when one thing goes wrong, everything falls apart?
let's fight this bitch :)
Getting ready to watch my #Packers extend they winnin streak!! Its time 4 #Rodgers n #Jennings to #BeGreat!! Go pack Go!! GnY!!
lol internet clown
~John Crowe~You cannot expect to achieve new goalsor move beyond your present circumstances unless you change
I got my music up loud like aint no one asleep in my house . *shrugs*
Lights get low, and that's when I have my brightest ideas
Now I can rest easy. The National Cobra Threat level has returned to orange.
now as someone entirely new
dear parents, I do good in school, i dont drink or do drugs I do wht u ask of me. SO WHY WONT U LET ME GO TO A 1D CONCERT!?!?! love, me
“: haha i wish they would stop sending them” heard that
Thanks for the follow Adriel!
sick of hearing all these "celebrity" couples breaking up.. does know one believe in trying anymore...don't get married.. done. and. done
Aww. If only vanishing closets were real, then I could send some to you! (forgive the nerdy Harry Potter reference...)
#yobitv i rushed it ..... Randy Dianne Jerry Michigan. Joshuas Hair. Skyline behind you guys and Tweet peeps :) Love you
Another great day of training at the The Gym - Humble, TX ...putting in some major work getting these players ready for AAU/College.
watching celebrity apprentice - I think annie will win....
no. It's not broken. It's dead.:P
I mean I don't think there will be many complainers if you do :) haha
You are my sugar rush, my cocaine bliss, my illegal high, my perfect kiss. You're an addiction that I always fail to resist.
No #defense in this game at all but fun to watch
Today www.getrichradio.com will not be live. Tune in to earn your scholarship dollars!
I jus tweeted bout chitlins and a gallon of Louisiana hot sauce last night!!
Train your mind to expect positive and fruitfull things to happen in your life.
Our Hero knows you love making bank jokes, so he banked that three for all of you.
Caught up on my dvr. Awesome job on Dexter. Gonna be a great season!
The lucky one was so good.
A3: & don't be afraid to voice your opinion. Even if you are the least experienced at the table, you can make a contribution.
No kidding, right?
#Perrywac aid needs transparency,accountability and results. Not Toyotas and conferences in Nairobi.
I just watched it! It was easily the best episode of the season.
Happy Mothers Day :) I want to thank my beautiful mama bear for being so supportive! You are the best mum in the whole wide world! Love you♥
The sales tax holiday to help parents pay for school supplies will come partly at the expense of school funding.
Lolz RT Those Mariah Carey/Jenny Craig commercials are hilarious. Not sure if that is the intention but anyhoo...
That was one long march. 5 miles
You know you are the #worstninjaever when you feel intimidated by a squirrel staring you down to get your lunch. Long story, don't ask.
#IGottaAdmit I'm the type of person who wants to do good, but dont feel like actually trying to .
Tune in to 97.7 @ noon mst for the launch of our new station!
Prediction: i will have over 1,000 followers on Twitter by the end of the week
Oh, you bought the new Jordans but you've missed your last 9 child support payments? At least you have your priorities straight.
We open tomorrow? Oh yeah...
Chipotle and yoga. Two great things that don't go well together.
Roadtrippin to North Carolina with some bamf
The Hunger Games!
Take that, RT 76 in Milwaukee. 65 in Los Angeles. Just sayin' ....
Just renewed my expired domain. How long before site comes up??
ha sorry I missed it with u guys. Already had plans that night. My bad
exiting, I wish I could go support you guys...yummy stuff
ima be big the whole summer -_-
y como va las grabaciones del disco?
haha im sayin it makes me seem like im the only black person he knows and calls me "brother"
Working late in the office
RT : Support integrating the #arts in #education. Arts help teach analytical, creative & strategic thinking.
Bells please tweet me in French LOVE YOU please :) You are my life you are beautiful funny Talented ♥
Never been so jealous n my life
If you haven't already, get your FREE copy of "The Conscious Consumer's Guide to Supporting Black Businesses" supportblackbusinesses.com
RT : Learning about Press Skills from Ebony Hillsman, #NLCAtlanta Chapter Director
Sustainability as challenge - 1961 census simply can't be read
follow me an ill give u a shout out
No other user research methods employed yet.
new sememster begins...
I love it when teachers curve tests. It makes me happy (: lol
im not down now
The People Who Have The Biggest Impact On Your Life Stay For The Shortest Time.
One down, 161 to go.
Maryland Senate-House budget conference breaks up without agreement, continuing the brinksmanship.
You should follow captain obvious on twitter since he is following you.
Missing my damn game
Cooking with 1.5 year olds:t he adventure continues
my dad is next to Crawford jersey. Fokker is there a lot.
it was githire. The mail just came out of the blue, I wasn't looking for a new job.
heart palpitations for that.
Final presenter for the Efromyson award for excellence in cultural tourism development: South Shore Civil Memorial Trail in Hammond
damn right! It's rather sexy when a beautiful girls knows how to cool for her man!
The typical spec of dust that you see floating in the air is half way in size between the Earth and a subatomic particle RT
Researching conference/training room space for workshops
no problem!
Please don't let me forget to take a multiple exposure photograph of the people by the Marilyn Monroe statue.
What do you consider as your favorite venue in Buffalo to hear great music?
TN peep, and HUGE fan right here!!! Any stops in East TN for the #IDOL tour??
Never start a sentence with "To the extreme..." because I am not mature enough to keep myself from yelling "I rock a mic like a vandal."
Having my Valentine's chocolate from for breakfast. Amazing. Get yours Sat.
Did you know that income tax is about $1 Trillion per year in America, but PAYROLL tax is also $1 Trillion? #Nuts!
how were holiday sales? Need to restock your dolma collection?
Too early to talk favorites. Ask me after draw.
RT: I love the phrase "new to science." It's like everyone already figured it out, but science was really busy elsewhere.
one direction?;)
Followers have you been getting strange messages saying someone is saying nasty things about your or spreading rumors about you.
what kind?
So what? Did the Seahawks win today?
draw something is iPhone crack
PSA 4 Parents by : Don't let guilt make you give your kids more than they have earned.
Great message on grace and truth. Needed that as we enter a new week. Thanks
o my god i was just going to say that it looks amazing!!!
Yessir! We gotta hang out papa, been way too long. You doing summer at the FIU? ": Pineapple! your back home?"
#Home in basement with
If you truly eradicated it in a child, he would grow up to be an eggplant
The other side argued that life does have a point to it even if there is no God.
what time do you guys present at?
"I'm telling Raph about this!"
What is it called if two people in wheelchairs are having oral sex? Meals on wheels.
Listening live to R/F.
grab somebody sexy tell them hey
last friday of freshman year.
": Remember this day. 551-day-old Instagram is worth $1 billion. 116-year-old New York Times Co.: $967 million."
Happy 91st birthday to #MickeyRooney, who has acted in pictures in ten -- count 'em, 10 -- different decades. Who else can say that?
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!
Pumped to be 24hrs away from Summer Poolooza at where we're going to film our next OutNAbout segment for Pilot Ep3!
Good Morning! Inner Quote: "I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination."-Jimmy Dean
preach on
so true!!
fuck, how horrible?
Man I was tired as Hell.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool please shut up so we don't get more homework
he always tweets me hearts.  well at least he tweets me . He could ignore it. BUT HE CANT IGNORE ME, HE LOVES ME TO MUCH:')
Good hair days >> 👍
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time. ~ Dean Acheson
#TerrificThursday - have a great day :)
Short week means we're a day closer to First Friday. Check out "The Couch Show."
Fuck good looking lesbians. Only ugly women should be gay.
I'm reading Infinite Jest and Dracula. And no, that is not a Pride & Prejudice & Zombies style mash-up.
We have been around since July 2010. Trying to be the new iconic gaming PC company. Check out out you tube videos
Thanks you too. Have a great day!
Disney's John Carter world premiere is just down the from our house. Come on John Carter, HOOK A BROTHA UP WITH SOME TICKETS!
Donna Summer...a true loss. RIP
you are so awesome! Just sayin'.
He tweeting the whole crew *smh
Make sure to exercise your right to VOTE this coming Tuesday. Who you vote for is not the thing. That you DO IT is!!!
World series champs my ass! Brewers win6-0!!!
in today's food history: the last remaining Horn & Hardart Automat closed its doors in 1991. It was located at 3rd Ave and 42nd St :(
Getting an unknown text with 785 and automatically assuming you know who it would be...
I need that follow back llab
RT : Publishers, don't miss the May 15th deadline for Boston Globe–Horn Book Award submissions! More details here:...
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again
You make the call, you're the leader! (for now... *snickers deviously*)
Brook Lopez and Robin Lopez each have the same amount of double-doubles this season: 1.
When did Paul McCartney turn into a lounge act?
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak. Epictetus
Minnesota makes it really easy to be proud to be from here
Some couples nauseate me.
How much is it? I'm broke right now but I can try.
Why you postin' pics of my boo boo?!
Love that we cannot have is the love that lasts the longest, hurts the deepest, and feels the strongest.
RIP ..Junior Seau...one of the greatest Linebackers that ever played in the NFL!!!
any chance that you have an extra Cody Simpson meet and greet pass for me?! I tried so hard but didn't win?! :(
Don't keep score. Marriage breaks down when you constantly compare your sacrifices to your mate's. Concentrate on your own giving....
Ugh! I have to walk 2 blocks to get some Pho because they won't deliver under $25? #
RIP Gary Moore. The best of the best. Too bad super bowls never had the pleasure of featuring the best guitarist ever at halftime.
I didnt send it yet, you"ll have it in your email box tonight.
I gotta sex drive push to strat!!
“Over the next 5 years, 370 Jay Street will be transformed into a cutting-edge center for research and science"
come with me and mikey shopping!!!!!
Follow me first.
aw i guess im tweakin lolol
ok hold on..lol
you need a life
Ha! The Ghost of Texas Past paid you a visit. ;)
Cava in Clarendon is open!! Just walked by and it's PACKED
Now I'm listening.
Love alone is literate in the world of origin; it can decipher identity and destiny. ~ John O'Donohue via RT
I tweet to network and spread the word about what I'm up to -- that's pretty much it.
same! I do not want to see Malkin or Kopitar win.
#Giro The moderate uphill right now is over the geographically important but almost untouristed Monti Martani, the central spine of Umbria.
Brian Kenney says our online catalogs are compost heaps; they're dinosaurs & the room of librarians applaud. Hear, hear!
lol day crew is the worse people there
Problems faced with codependency
So you've got some strange scavenger hunt folks, the cinco de mayo bros and the free comic book day folks that insure a strange day today.
rainy morning in London, I knew the sunshine wouldn't last that long! lol off to see big Ben and buckingham palace and ride the London eye!
oh no. bad public speakers make me feel so
#online what if added vampires to the mix? hmm, be pretty cool! :D RT if you agree
and I have never used Malabrigo...it feels so lovely though. Have you ever been to Wool & Co? My lys :)
Does anyone have an open slot for their macker? No one wants to play with me
I'm just kinda pumped about life right now.
You're mocking me. I can feel it.
oh that's nice! :) I should check them out lol
Storms. Storms. Storms. :)
“: Broke niggas gone hate... Thats what they day consist of... I meeeaan... It ain't like they got some money 2 get up & go get.”
great to see you!
Derek Fisher is probably happy he left!
Kobe is a killer.
Go read a book hoe ! ;)
If they lost, everyone would've talked about how they still can't get past the Heat. So this spares us that. And it was fun.
Looking for something wonderful with your tea, how about Fruit Butters or Honey or Chocolate or Tracy Dempsey Originals Brittle!!!
thanks for the mention. The Wings are going to rock it tonight, eh?
Just because I don't talk to you, doesn't mean I still don't think about you. I'm just distancing myself because I know I can't have you.
"when you fall for someone's personality everything about them becomes beautiful"
thanks, I guess that's one way to add to the Rapids fan base...
it definitely is :)
Vip get to meet them b4 show, take a pic n get an autograph
Friday sounds good for SURE, cause I missed my booba, and I have like no homework, and have fun tomorrow. TURKEY DAY !.<3
omg! Pls tell her she's in my prayers!!
not a hiuge country fan but I loved it(:
Rapture# Just finished sewing my Jesus costume! On my way to Harold Camping's place to play the best prank ever…..
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents
Exciting business planning sesh w/ Fired up for both our projects, including her hip-hop kids music brand !
lets get our fitness on bitch:)
Thanks to for styling today's session. The clothes were fantastic!
Movin' on up!
That moment when you're in your room blasting music and acting like you're in a music video>>>>>> <3
# PutVinnyInTheGame I know your ratings for that game will go through the roof!!
Join us 8 to 11:30 Saturday for the very best in local food. Have breakfast with us while you are at it.
I am fairly certain the wood bees are going to drill so many holes on our front porch that the wood columns will tumble...
Whatz good.. S/O The Invisibles!!
a animated pick
This is almost heresy but is there a flavor substitute for bacon? Can be meat or vegetable.
