Adam Levine of Maroon 5 spotted in #DC today
Met wrestler Sean Michaels this morning on set. Threw me back in time to when I would play WWF on Nintendo w my cousin.
Well, this is 1967 before he was "John Barry." Also, Baraka was most well-known as a music critic/writer (& poet) before Dutchman.
Wow, thank you for your words. I've been wondering what IS UP w/ my Vikes! Love u all, but it is GO or NO time! SKOL!!!
Ah, got all the updates installed on my Mac. Feeling virtuous!
In NYC with Had breakfast with the amazing Sandy Kenyon of ABC. great stories & personality. Going shipping now!
the Moabite, you must also acquire the wife of the deceased,-b so as to perpetuate the name of the deceased upon his estate.” #Torah 81/99
nope me nor brownie
RT #uloveit RT : I cannot walk past the hiking part of a sporting good store thanks to Kili and
I hate you #ESPN! Stuck watch #RedSux. Boston-Loving Bean Eaters! #GoYankees!
My dog is @ the vet. He has to be put under to have a split nail removed. My poor buddy can't catch a break.
Less distinction between for profit and not for profit in the social world.
Quiz tests knowledge of Alzheimer's: Alzheimer's is a natural stage of aging — (a) true, all seniors eventually get Alzheimer's; (b) ...
Thank you for the kind RTs & MTs - appreciated!
it's 12.25am, I should go to bed.
You don't want to come at me, you enjoy the outcome. If you start it you better be ready to finish it...
hey tonsil jockey
getting excited!
the crowning was spectacular I think they all deserve to win love
Im riding the pony express, don't worry the pony is not u its that fat dude that was dancing at the game
Watchin tom nd calvin cut my grass
Flipboard is flippin awesome, imagine a magazine with all you are interested in and new things you now know you are interested in...
the slate if we work it out. But what if the person is not there or not aware?
First night sleeping with hair extensions... Ouch 🙆
American Idol - Philip Philips is KILLING IT!!! Love you!!!
I am half way through the week. I can't wait for Friday.
I'm one hilarious little one. YESSIIRR! Lol Vinny, were normal, really.
Ridin round my city & I got that Calculater
yay! Well done!
Nice to meet you at the #dfwseo meetup. Please add me to the tweepml
Belizean decent, native New Yorker, adopted Puerto Rican (wink) transplant Californian and well travelled. #multi-cultured. Happy! My life!
Also, the 99 percent is not all the same! Tons of important differences that get lost in the statement, "We are all equal."
#AskNathan are you excited to come back to New York? I know i am ;) <3
You get your braces off #TODAY !!!!! :D You should wear your puka necklace(; #MahomieMemories <33 ARE YOU EXCITED??!?!?!?
young$ has poor effort. Monta is fast and gives max effort. This douche Oracle MC has nothin on
I don't think the Secret Service were securing hookers just for themselves. At least one of the 21 hookers may have been for BHookerO!!
“: great album with the Mads Vinding trio!” thanks again. I agree!
RT : in reorg'ing our freezers, I see we need to incorporate green chile into every meal we make over next 3 months
#Poet Billy Collins Happening at 3:30pm.
I'm generally 2 edgy for it. More reasons why I can't do without my many alter ego friends who actually do it.
:) God could love ZILLIONS!
It was fun watching zip line today! Love seeing him have fun in Indy. Thanks for being such a fun and carefree guy!
RT : You should never depend on others to complete you, you should complete yourself that way you will never be disappointed!
Yeah. Please let this man get mental help cause lawdd he's crazy!
I had a bomb night last night!!!
“: laying down on the dance floor with we are really hard party people. #woo” you know it!
Yeah buddy!!!! RT : Can't wait for AGT tonight!
Good. “: Yemeni officials say top al-Qaida militant killed in airstrike in the south - ”
Character profiles from CONTRA COMMAND up on blog = 1st time debuting publicly. Will be hyper-linked in E-Book intro.
Where in Sweden? Min familj är från Hudiksvall & Stockholm >RT all Swedish!!! Born and raised but live in America now!! :)
last night was insane. had a great crowd of people over getting down with Naughty and Crooked. THAT WAS AWESOME
M I'm thinking funny, although i could go either way.
I was spared by 12:36pm! Could it have been the rolling on the floor and screaming "where's my yellow submarine?!" that did it?!
Lets be real.. I'll probably end up marrying I've never dated a dude that I love more than him.
I'm so over the shit people do . Just leave me the fuck alone like seriously . Like damn . Fuck you stupid bitch !
Umm so Sublime is my shit right now
I do enjoy your photos...
Linda's new dressing room is working out nicely -- a little privacy nook next to Clark's office -- no peeking ;)
Legler on ESPN: " I've fallen in love with the Indiana Pacers the past couple months I see the next series going game 6 or even 7."
I think a part of writing across the curriculum is intended to help student learn to write in ways appropriate for each discipline.
“: #Pisces hate to be told what to do.” Yes, this is so true!!!
I thought I was alone in that sentiment. I would take Floyd over Blackmon any day of the week.
Rule #76: No excuses; play like a champion. -Wedding Crashers
After a grueling online waiting game, I scored tix to Kraftwerk's historic MoMA shows in April for Trans-Europe Express night. Such a treat!
nm u just being a loser you?
RT Sigh. Rest in Peace, OV-104. MT : Space Shuttle Atlantis powered down for the final time this morn @ 10:28am EST.
destandy, thanks for following!
Omg I was just going go tweet You Stacey to see if you are going tonight! This helped! Lol
A shirttail relative said, the day of Oakland Gen Strike, "Remember, horses can't stand on marbles."
What is up with #Baylor Bears uniforms? Holy Neon!
N'at
Time to rest the starters
Lord! Hit me on the DM..LOL. I was trying to get J. Henry out there since I missed u last wk.
Thank you as well for the new friendship and the never-ending laughter!!
The Life: Having great people in it.
Hey fans come join us at for food & drinks before and after the game..
YES so glad you can make it! Let the weekend festivities begin! Woohoo
hey sweetie how you been? :) long time no talk. What's new?
Some day I want to own my own business and sell BUTT SCRATCHES. I will be rich
*Commercial break*
Girl, I know you like it when we're body to body. If I could say myself, I do agree.
Mike good to know there are others out there that can not put their iPad down. It's like I birthed a son.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you run into your principal at Home Depot
dead coons and newspapers
I hit 680!!! Can we hit 700??? Please? My goal is 1000 followers! Keep up the good work!
We like them too! RT : Bluefin tuna from Spain this Fri & Sat Yum. Must have with best lychee martinis in town!
Mostly getting more folks to walk through the fancy designs we cut into to it ;)
did u get any messages from dylan yet?),: i miss him...he probablly never liked me...</3 but im posative he loves u<3
Hehe. There's an A Capella genre station on Pandora. Can't stop thinking of Andy Bernard.
I got paul pierce on mine already
Hawks funeral started. Lots of work to be done this offseason. Need 2nd Ctr, scoring wing, solid D-man & maybe a Goalie. That's All. UGH.
On Set. Fred Sr. and Mrs. Fred Sr. are dropping in to clean house. ;)
I'm not threatened. PLEASE LIKE ME, BRE!!!
game on!
Found you! LoL!
new shit again
We thought that would be the first one guessed. Shows what we know. Enjoy the festival. New contest tomorrow.
: I was a close third to and on that evening lol.
Ctfu!! "Are those some new shoes?" -D-Wade
I definitely will :) I hope our ISCA family is just as amazing next semester so we can hangout often!!
ah. Young Baumann, the competition continues.
Thank you for the warm welcome.
was at planet fitness today and I wonder if i missed the sign that said having a tattoo was a prerequisite for membership
I gave the people of District 77 the drunkest years of my life! Only to have an opponent half my age and half my bra size run against me!
ok, I'll mention that. Does training need to be on-going? What specifically do you need? I'm thinking the smart oars convo.
Watching more commercials than basketball at the end of the Kansas game is annoying!
Came back from lunch, and now snow is falling on the Row - It's a wintry Friday in Nashville :) - LA
You still have time to enjoy one of the many beverage specials Lavazza Premium Espression has to offer through Feb 29!
WOW is all I can say! #CS6 #CreativeCloud Amazed how a team build these products and platform! Kudos to the Digital Media Team!
Expired cliff bars, I throw you out knowing you will feed some future civilization's dependence on petroleum.
It's halftime & #SportingKC leads 1-0 thanks to a goal from , assisted by Bobby Convey.
follow back babygirl
Thanks Jimmy, great to see you too! Happy New Year! :)
CD101fm Music Meeting Freelance Whales “Hannah” Dreammy maybe little too pretty
Are people forgetting that 1D got shirtless in America as well? I mean, hello, poolside photos!
#followfriday great source for pop punk news!
Waiting a few minutes before replying to a text, to not seem desperate.
Wendy's would be hella great right now!
How many contacts did the puppy make?
haha me too. I'll still be at work.
Thanks for sharing! Have a great weekend!
Christopher Hitchens leads Orwell Prize longlist: The late Christopher Hitchens is one of 18 authors selected fo..
heading out for a swim in the gulf
i am such a bad influence. but hey, at least i admit it right?
my computer DID cough up blood, and fried its harddrive from that lol. Back that shit UP.
Catch up with all in the morning sleep for now.
you got that right
HBK vs Bret Hart Iron man match for the classic WWE title!
Have a great evening <3 I may be selling a few more pix for charity :) Email me for details ;D
Lacing up my running shoes and heading out for a run...
Jr sleep so having a few beers.
I Lost one of my best friends to a song called how to save a life by the journey !. R.I.P I miss u so much !. Before u pasted away u said
Imma be seeing a bunch of Prom photos when i wake up tomorrow (':
yes! You deserve to be proud. :)
Houston for now. NOLA Friday morning. Can not wait to get back!
Dieting can cause bad breath since less saliva is produced which leads to dry mouth
Good morning beautiful people!
hang in there! It will get better. Go for the gold medal!
#FUTA pays 1/2 of extended #unemployment benefits during high unemployment & provides funds which states may borrow to pay unemployment.
I'm watching too. It's a classic!
Finished class notes early, now for all that other work ;) Lists from scratch all the way to functors in one lecture, we'll see how it goes
In a world full of people you can lose sight of it all, and the darkness inside you can make you feel so small.
I gotta C.R.U.S.H. on you, I love me some you : )
Feeling good and living better!
Quad box in the Zone
Responded to VACATE @ 140 Van Pelt Avenue, Staten Island, NY 10303 and helped 4 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Too hype for this Pacer game.
Few things in the world are worse than taking a dump in a small bathroom that someone else recently took their own dump in.
I use the program winter on a pc. Rar files are another zip format. Most programs that can unzip zip files can unzip rar files.
Sorry I missed you today. Make sure we meet up tomorrow!
Thanks, we really appreciate the tweet. Happy Friday! RT : U have the most convivial #HappyHour in San Diego. Cheers!
Better get to sleep. I have so many friends to see tomorrow
If we're not supposed to eat animals, how come they're made out of meat? ~ Tom Snyder
I could be a model;D
This first-time mom-to-be is in awe of you, and cheering you on!
I need a hint
I like that hashtag
you listen to some weird music. lol
ADR on Wed. Then the mix. Heading down the home stretch. Then the real work of getting our trust-no-one movie out there begins.
March Madness guide for women on after the game. If I'm a woman and I'm watching the game, am I doing it wrong?
it was close though 😃
lol omg I can picture you screaming after that part. Omg. Loll.
Where did you golf this weekend?
#audition tomorrow- had/have more auditions this past week/this week than i've had... my life! I need a #helicopter!
I like the syntax too. When 1st starting the line-endings are tricky for folks not running Flymake. Tooling problem?
Awesome event!
Middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber, not the toy.
Harden read that shit easily
I really wish is could tho. :(
I know :D
Bang Bang Bang Bang, Vamanos Vamanos
thanks for the #FF :)
i just wanna sing everything today.
I, for one, am glad of the name change. That Darth_Dust shit was silly. Next, get rid of the damn underscore.
wait what?! Where did you hear this from?
Shit last hour done slowed down
So, maybe we SHOULD go ahead and sign Tejada to play third. Can't hurt.
Long weekend ahead of us, what are your plans?
You're the best Dani!! ;)
Time to change my pic eh? Wasnt our year anyway next year is the year, i say 50 wins
RT : "One of the key lessons I learned was how to listen." -
Thank you for your support Dave!
We need Cougars for our video shoot in April. Wonder if is available?
now that I'm reading the Game of Thrones series, I'm finding the show to be abs. boring
Comment the new pics&I'll return the favor. He made my day!(:
wow that look delicious... one thing ive noticed about u is that u always eat very well haha I need to be where ur at lmao!
": "Rollin with the homies" #nowwatchin "Clueless"" I love that movie (:
Someone be exciting
Maybe should come up with his own submission move ?!? Call it the mousecatcher ! Meowww !
Who's ready for some and Architecture action? First 3 to respond gets in free +1 for show! (cc: )
Good app ideas. Thanks!
i love imdb. cool glad that speeded it up a bit. if u ever want a superfast pc ill have to convert u to a linux user B-)
I'm getting old and settled I need a hobby! hehehe
“: OMG She's PERSONALLY following the next 50 people that FOLLOW her! ▬▬▶ "”. Ok Following 101. Followers 665.1k
thanks for that follow friend!
Largest gathering of bikers in the 31 year history! thanks ABATE bikers!
I love my white friends!!!
You say you hate drama and you don't want it in your life yet you're the ones causing it! #growup!
all ministerial & priest candidates must be very closely scrutinized to eliminate predators
your definition of 'snarky' means 'thoughtful and inclusive', correct?
RIP Dick Clark :(
no fuck you
that's what Shelly told me..
Great Times! The conversation grew! WOW! What a neat guy.
Tonight I'm seeing Billy Elliott with a 70% chance of Singing in the Rain
So incredibly excited!
that's it. last load of laundry done! goodnight all!
... Look for him to land in Miami
Araceli & her equestrian team getting ready to perform on with Ruben for a preview of tonight's Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo...
Its over...Blazers Win! 100-89 over Bulls
He jumped over .300 for a few games. It's a contract year.
Finally, Stanley Cup champs again!! Congrats !!
#FF Have a great weekend!
i love going to sleep, because i know that when i wake up it'll be one day closer to graduation ! thank the lord !
In a perfect world, McDonald's makes breakfast 24/7.
#nw Jumping The Broom.
Our Thoughts and Prayers are with the Community of Chardon.
Can't wait!
Cruel Summer by Bananarama is stuck in my head. Fuck.
Im feeling like a proud papa, my girls did great on there first go see! And they are super excited. Empowering Youth Through Fashion
ahaha awe thanks :)
you must host an active game to set pars (DG8sa-ir)
I despise t mobile your service sucks so bad.One more month and im done,outta here after 7 years as a customer.I cant call anyone
TRAFFIC ALERT: I-39 NB MM 134. SEMI CRASH INTO THE MEDIAN JERSEY BARRIER. NO LANE BLOCKAGE, BUT TRAFFIC BACKED UP DUE TO HEAVY VOLUME.
So, if you were a Borders shopper, where will you turn now? Amazon? Barnes & Noble? Your local library?
Sadly, no Friday. Hes now at hilarities. Go see him....but Saturday! Hang w us on Friday night. Drink lots
Look forward to seeing your first submissions
Don't write poetry if you're not a poet.
like get a life
Interviewer: And how did that make you feel? Harry:*smiling*..Sad.. Zayn: HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHE
SWEAT IT OUT.
Do you need graduation clothes? We have everything you need to look your best when celebrating with your family
Wants to go down to the waterfall tomorrow!! 😔
ya I always follow people back!(:
meat? heathen. LUTEFISK
Wizards... come on. Just stop already. Just stop.
I only fuck wit them nigga
"My eye goes right to 'baby tuckoo'." Lindsay: "I like 'moocow.'"
For future reference, falling down the steps is a really bad way to start the day.
Whoever said nothing is impossible never tried slamming a revolving door.
I think it's time to bring in Matt Flynn
Summeritis is a female dog.
I got the hungries for your love, and I'm waitin' in your welfare line.
And the defensive battle continues.
happy Easter to you too.... and no eggs .
The only "Hairspray" movie I acknowledge.
Waiter gave us free dessert- very nice! Gave the table next 2 us free dessert 2- one of them turned it away, wanted fruit instead
I have..to be honest, I thought it was a bit clumsy
My day was good too. :)
Cards on the bubble ? Should be, name their best wins. Soft non conf schedule, only beat losers in conference?
There's no way! You don't seem like a shy guy! :) x
Repatriation is an act of letting go.
my number aint changed you said you txtd me i dont got no numbers so yu gon have to call me when yu out here
Think you're a pinball wizard? Check out #PTL this morning to see how you can compete in Pinburgh's pinball tournament this weekend!
hey boo
« Excited to see the new schedule tonight»
Greetings, ! I'm interested in covering the HispanicPro 5 de Mayo event tomorrow for La Prensa USA, will you be around? Saludos!
Grown ass people still get upset when they don't get gifts? People are so childish but swear they're an adult.
Craving blueberry iced coffee from DD
RT : Love your enemies and pray for your persecutors - Matthew 5:44 (please follow)
very cool. Focused on power dynamics within foundations, between fdns & grantees or other?
Stros game tonight with the fam
Me too! :) RT : Every time puts little Z to bed, I miss her tiny smile. Her personality is really starting to show.
RT : Bout to wreck shop on
where yo mama at ? ( smokey voice )
hey man keep your head up. id love to see you in the field for a playoff push.
Josh Beckett will now retreat to the visitors clubhouse to turn back into Bruce Banner.
What do I have to do or say to get a follow back from you?
Haha I love tonight's Glee! This is hilarious!
#ROC #Outside is just launching, but if you lock in your ad before 2012 we'll make it worth your while... Hit us up!
I have to many insecurities about my self
I won a bet last night about how to pronounce your last name.
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf you are an 8th grader or below. . .
Im still gone to see the video
chico here from sundance 2010 trying to reach you to discuss screening teenage paparazzo at umass boston in the fall
Connecting athletes to other local athletes. Just getting started!
That awkward moment when you're trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water is running.
30 Rock, hands down! It's off-beat & hilarious!
He Just Got On My Nerves. I'm Not Fucking Wit Yu For The Rest Of The Night.
If I had a billion dollars I'd buy a brewery and turn the whole damn planet into alcoholics
Atleast I know some followers would notice...
What kind of jobs are #college #students looking for these days?
You sound tough...
Power just went out here at LC for a brief moment. Lost my faculty agenda for Wednesday, but it won't take too much time to recreate.
Boo. So sad that image got cut from #openlab as well.
Nah, Barney, when we come for your bluesteel penis extension, we're bringing tanks and armored cars. Got any of those, JimBob?
There's nothing gays can do to marriage that Elizabeth Taylor hasn't already.
"I like sweet things, that's why I like you." Good line honey!
The U-district is honestly the only part of Seattle I *really* enjoy.
this is absolutely beautiful. It feels like the book, dreamy but vivid. And for once, not dreading a book-turned-movie
love ur tweet
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP]
what??? “: I wanna s back door sluts 9”
Help is on the way- Rise Against
So happy to know that has come back home. I' m a free Bitch, Babe!!
Agreed, I'm flying in just for Tuesday's game!!
#hirefriday Cbeyond•outside sales rep:base+commission-benefits-gas allowance #Atlanta #Boston #DC for info email
I can connect you with our Chicano/Latino subject librarian if you're interested.
I did..I'm actually following him right now! Thanks, my favorite show is Dexter and I think I would be great in it hoping soon
Checkout the sickest clothing on the west coast. www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Started scoring another short film last week, but it's off to E3 today!
marvel pearl
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
That's fine. I'm upgrading to a king when I get home. Gotta go full spread. Happy early Cinco, by the way.
LOVE IT. And him.
I DON'T K OW IF THIS NIGGA RIGHT NEXT TO ME DOING SIGN LANGUAGE OR COOKIN, ALL I SEE IS HAND MOVEMENTS ON THE CORNER OF MY EYE
Because we just realized we were better. I turned down USC. They got turned down by UCLA.
Remember to pay it forward today.
Last call 1:45 Union Station
RT : We celebrate our 4 year anniversary this month! Thank You, LORD, for bringing us this far! <<< Congrats! ^Carel
I miss you being here at the third ward!!!!!!!! :(
i'll be over in 10 minutes
RT Hanging at Nice. ;) does a fab job on the #cocktail menu.
I missed the screenings, like a dummy, so I might have to actually pay for this one!
My theory on hating Donny Marshall continues .He said Rondo didnt make a mistake at end of game.DMarsh dribbled into the corner alot im sure
“: Oh you corrected my grammar again. Tell me more about your social life.”
John David wrote that while teaching me how to tweet! We do love you...but I don't want to be the creepy new twitterer!
if you say so ..
Thank you for following me back and AMEN! <3<3<3
Have a good workout. See you later tonight!
Because gumroad would take 30% of the $1 price. Just seems like it's geared toward prices a bit higher.
Nah nigga...I like dat quiet money!!
just say it, the thing your were said I knew in the beginning.
I am really wondering what all this Tweeting is about...
So fucking jittery.
as if we've never hung out before lol
Learn and use simple table manners. Good manners make you look polished and poised and help you concentrate on the conversation.
Pretty sure that name has been deprecated but who really knows!
Dear Women, "All men are sexist pigs" is something only a sexist pig would say. Thanks, Brent
i got 476 pts on kid biz
Dirk is such a pussy, i wish perk beat his nazi ass
Master your weakness so that they don't master you
In 14 years (at age 30) I want to have 1 million dollars :)
Overheard in class 2day: "Facebook is for people who still care about people, man. I don't give a shit. That's why I tweet." Fair enough.
Midway through Bruins/Caps and the Caps have a whopping 5 shots...total. No shots in the second period.
Wow, that's NICE!
Nope - I traditionally file the weekend before.... #oneofthosepeople #myaccountantfriendshateme lol
Sure! Followed(:
you went in on cuz Ega beat Michael Jordan
Congrats! Mr. Link.
Jim Tressel resigns from Ohio State. What will become of that program.
Thank you for the extra 7.6 minutes of life! ... I'm not sure that came out right.
die. #die off with his head
dropped my hair dryer on my foot and now there's a lovely little bruise forming. brilliant.... at least my hair is dry and silky!
Writing that sounds forced will cause a breakdown of communication between the writer & the reader. Readers can sense game even in fiction.
sure! just found out likes four year strong. i've been downloading them all day. co-winkie-dink for sure!
Gee, thanks! Great meeting you and in Person. re: paper. Y'mean on semiotic-based analysis of game-play?
Or the three point line. We both know he can do it. :P
My pic is from when I am like 5.
It's all about leadership and shared vision.
Hey Spurs-Jazz, 1994 called. They want their playoffs back.
I think most women know Oprah's famous line...all my life I had to fight.
That sounds good right now, doesn't it! We support the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation with our bracelets.
New curation - adding value by linking works.
Billy went out to get groceries. I hope he is back before the Gremlins destroy the house!
<3 "We are not held back by the love we didn’t receive in the past, but by the love we’re not extending in the present."
Okay, I want to be Jessica Lange OR Helen Mirren when I grow up.
#DrunkPresidents George Herbert I-can-barely-Walker Bush
Hitting up Las Vegas this weekend; and I'm, NOT packed, my room is NOT clean, and I have NO clue what to wear. //:
omg I can't wait... I'll sneak you in my suitcase lol
I think you need to trademark that Stitch-N-Bitch name ... LOLing over here :)
Ford is an acronym for First On Race Day!
Very true ^^
I'd love to meet Jennifer. Who knows, someday!?
HaHa it's ok. It gave me a good laugh.
SAN FRAN IT IS!!!
Stop fouling so we can watch da MVP ball!
Unenployed, dirty and weird, but I'm still your daughters best option!
un, don't most obituaries primarily quote people who were influenced by the dude, not their rhetorical opponents?
A raven is nothing like a writing desk! Not at all!!! My suggestion is Mr. Carroll seek the advice of doctor or simply be locked up! - Trog
#BandsILove Led Zeppelin! I kno i know.
coworker things Ganim pulitzer is BS because the story fell in her lap -- ergo she didnt do any hard work. Help me school...
NO WE DONT HAVE MUCH TIME IM PANICKING IVE GOT SO MUCH TO DO IN SO LITTLE TIME AND IM GONNA BE SO OLD
i miss you chica!
I will definitely see the Life of Pi movie, but I hope they do the story justice. I loved the book.
Spinning tonight at the Setai for Miami Fashion Week...8pm-12am
Spoiled brats.
he is on the Nets so probably not great, but he did have a good season himself.
i was riding my bike earlier. i took the backstreets. i said "aww shit im the backstreet boys!!!!"
I love my mom no matter what we go through, no matter how much we argue, because I know, at the end, she’ll always be there..,.,.,.,.,
I do not like not being close to a beach.
RT RT Check out the homie taking his followers on a very real journey right now
I got that new cordless mic so its doable. Ive never been in Starbucks tho and I wanna keep it that way
David Bell / Houston, TX / Performance Consult / Learning about technology
If you, or you know someone in the market to buy a car. I can HELP! and I'd love to .. Im really good. and
those nights where you want to sleep but your mind just races..
I was lookin thru my photos from the last yr, n almost n casi todos I'm holdin my phone. maybe i should tape my fingers down.lol
So cool - UMichigan Library has an espresso book publishing machine in its lobby!
Forgive us Seattle that was a low blow. Please come see us at the showbox @ market tonite anyway! Doors @ 8pms!
Ah, making progress. The weight scale is going in the right direction. Love it. keep it coming. Gettin squishy-fied.
I love it. Or, "be kind, her Klout score decreased because of your assignment."
Today I free myself from the control of All failure, doubt, and fear, and I introduce success, positive thoughts, and a fearless mindset
NEW RELEASE! widgets loaded automatically. Want to recommend some widgets?
Thanks for the follow Rob
I don't think I've ever disagreed with he has brilliant arguments
A pluck just asked me for 10 cent da fuck you gone do wit 10 cent
We have officially reached the end of fashion. I just saw a pair of "cargo leggings" on a clothing website.
i know.
Ditto what you said
If I could fast forward two weeks that would be awesome.
I cant even flirt with dudes without them taking it seriously. Gosh. Dudes move too fast these days.
have u seen new cover on the mag?
:D :D :D you loves me
glad you do!
that's the kind of thing that I do...along with shameless self-promotion cc/
Whatever, I was kidding. (We're not best friends anymore?) Did you take pics of the bacteria?
Running?! Last night or this morning? Go Kellie!
wish I were there
Tom Thibodeau = #NBA Coach of the Year. Close the voting and give him the trophy now.
making plans...
I keep money like the 24/7 Boss-up
today is Cuando!!
Is today your "grand opening" for the store? How late are you guys going to be there?
I think we can all agree that "hoot" is not the sound birds make. Hashtag WHACK.
Elise is back? That was horrible!!!
Hockey withdrawals... Make me crazy
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
is a catalog in a tent... in real life! I {dream} of that place.
LMAO!!!!! Everyone is making fun of me now...
A deeper relationship with God does not take more of you it actually takes less... I must decrease so that He may increase!
They're awesome, yeah? :D
Cheer up #smash is on tv!!!!
we had a wonderful storm here in the desert yesterday and lastnight....brought us 1.5 " of rain...maybe today again??????
You must believe in yourself before anyone can believe in you
hell naw u jacking? the lil ones or big ones?
This heat wave is unbearable. Supposed to get to 73 this afternoon in Santa Monica. Let's fight through this together, America.
remember when ;c
My brother had plans so fuck him!
Crazy about my new Granddaughter, Sahai Rain Gursel. She is beautiful, healthy and adorable.
“: happy half birthday ! only 6 more months until the big 21 ahaha 😉🍻” spanks lovely!! 😘🎂🍸
Stuck in traffic on a schoolbus in downtown CBus. District Prelims & Semi-Finals. Gun up in an hour. I am Jack's utter lack of surprise.
will you be at the convention on Saturday? We'll be there in the afternoon!
Added Chronicle of Higher ed reporter to the Nicarians Twitter list. Check out her posts.
I hear talk of cities like Cleveland, Akron, Bloomington, and St Louis interested in making bids for MWUX13. Anyone else building proposals?
tennis shoes aren't meant to run in?
Movie Night Sundays!! Call to reserve a seat!!!....its free! :D
thanks girl :) Really appreciate it !
If you mean by longer school day moving to a digital curriculum available 24/7, yes. If you mean more static seat time, no.
Hi Great to be in touch with you. Thank you for the follow!
thanks for your great email, we are working on a big follow up segment on this. I'll email or Tweet you when it airs -JR
20 acres are now burning in 2 forest fires in Washington County.
lol What do you want to do for me? Wash my car? Do my grocery shopping?? Water my plants? ;-)
check out our american golf cart flags.... www.prenmacgolfcartflags.com
Halloween Cutefest: Puppies on Parade in #ledroitpark postponed to Sunday 10/30 due to snow. Please pass on!
Pres. Obama 1st president in U.S. history to make #veteran#homelessness a priority of his administration with 5 yr. plan to end homelessness
I was out for a min...but Im back on the grind! Get Ready, the Maschine is coming!
Mangoes atop a mammoth watermelon! Me likey! Question: where does one fit a banana?
Atlanta got smashed
I'm at work too. Believe it or not.
RT : RT : We can't wait to host the Food Network's Brunch at Sea hosted by Douglas Rodriguez & Aarón Sanchez...
we already follow you! Just want some love on our music! :) and we know your middle name. lol... just #asknas lol..
have a good day foxx
Today my friend said I remind her of Harry.... Um, is that a good thing?
Noodles Mitt Romney
Last chance today! Follow & RT for a chance to win 4 free tix to SuperCroc exhibit in El Paso
Yeah, nice and shadowy.
I agree. The only way to work towards solutions is to respect one another in the way we communicate.
slacker. ( hasn't already said that, has he?)
Getting ready for bed & reading the tweets of
Still freaking out about how awesome Transformers was last night
I WOULD BUY THEM BUT THAT WOULD BE VERY WEIRD!!!
Proud of u RT back in edinburgh - survived the thirteen miles. would u believe me if i told u it was really fun? next up: glasgow
RT : toaster waffle, whipped cream and fresh berries. coffee. must have coffee. :) and maple syrup!
At Comet PingPong and the pizza is flowing like water falls! WE PLAY AT 10:30!
Yes, starting today! #Constitution # R3VOLUTION
Doh, back to work today :( …Eat plenty of brisket for me. cc/
Whatup with the crown lights on the US Bank Tower? Why are they turned off?
#OTGTIPS UNTIL YOU HAVE BILL GATES MONEY, YOUR NOT BALLING, KEEP WORKING
One mixed drink done within the first hr of class.good thing I brought another one for the next hr & plan on sleeping through the final hr:)
#shrmva #hr Meissinger: execs want to know their HR folks know what is happening in their external environment. Volunteering facilitates it.
I like to listen to Taylor Swift and pretend I have a love life.
Achieved another goal - finally moved up from #2 to #1 on Google for "get a job book"! So now I'm #1 on Google AND Yahoo!
Babe said I look like baby grinch << lmao
Deja Doosh: that awkward feeling that you've been the Doosh before
Potatoes are yummy and help reduce oil in skin. We need to get some spuds this summer.
Remembering (not fondly) a partisan democrat I heard say: "The problem is that we're not partisan enough. If you're a dem, be a dem."
I'm pleased to report that my copy editor has not tried to remove my Oxford commas, which would have been a painful surgery
I know a bunch of faggots, and none of them are even homosexual.
Everybody get on VEVO and go watch the RBMS music video! 😍😘😉 go now!!!
Finishing phase of gromit knit pattern. Sewed leg on totally crooked. Ugh. Undo.
Giving up on foursquare until Chipotle recognizes my commitment.
Tonight we are young!
It was worth waiting an hour in the SWISS queue! Got a seat on #LX8 for Sunday.
Three days in a row without rain in Melbourne fingers crossed.
yes, she has an iphone now :-)
:-) At my g.g crib w/ the moms , auntie & some other famo' members ;-) It's crackin' boaa. I love my famo <3 TML !
Who did the rain dance?
I'm partially suspecting that your library/environment is ignoring your directives, rather than us ignoring your headers.
ill DM u my new number =)
#ad2dc The polar bears were not a hit. Unimaginative and uninspired
c, that's y i culdnt deal w/ it anymo, eva friend u no iz yo friend . . . fuk outta here nxqqa *Stinkmeaner voice*
Sunny all week! Perfect opportunity to check out the new rooftop furniture.
I never want to stop learning...
"something else" is probably already here, it's just that nobody's seen it yet…
EVERY ad in this Metro car has been bought up by I'd be upset except their cartoons are cute.
1 hour till work. then working on www.expressiaann.com
i had an awsome time watching you guys last night in VA. u blew me away and your very cute lol
Went w/ the Champion Fries... and I'm STILL FULL! lol. Hope you had a great day! Thanks for the suggestion :o)
Wade McDirty & Bron McTarded got just what they deserved. . NOTHING! Dirty, no-class, greedy, chokers who over-reached.
Thanks for including me!
It's been a long day. It's been a long year. Sleep tight,
How does Rahsad not just lay it all out on the line. I like how Jones is now sponsored by just the UFC now. Something to do w/ the NIKE deal
literally "the noble obligation" things others are not willing to do and have the ability to do things others aren't able to do
RT Q6: What are some best practices for fostering engagement?
mixtape sounds good my dude!
i do not feel good
Good morning fam
The way I look at it is I'm good without friends cuz at the end of the end u find out it better to be by urself & I'm happy wit that
Hail [yes] Mary!
Working on a great song called 'Famous'. We love it so far. We will see what NSAI says.:-)
#taxreformidea >Change an "Offer in Compromise" w/ the IRS to > a Groupon Coupon
Writers here today are in various fields including: English, Legal Studies, International Studies, Education and many Comm fields.
Think like a man at midnight! Im in there..
someone please taaalkk to me.
I promise tonight I will go out :))))
"We could watch '30 Rock.' It makes me laugh. Remember laughter?"
I'm still showing a bruise from a finger/door incident I did like 2 months ago.
Nothing makes me happier than finding out that someone who is better looking than me is also a complete idiot.
Here it is: What did Chef Anthony make on today's show? Free DVD for first SIX correct responses! GO!
Happy Birthday Captain! enjoy your special day:)
I feel as though the interview went well! I'll hear back very soon.
can u post B in his jersey??
Was too excited about my new Keurig I just couldn't wait till tomorrow to use it! Smh
Thanks for the follow KD!
Remember, all month long you can snag a $25 gift card for just $20! Hurry up before April arrives!
"The reason why we face affliction is because we do not allow the Lord to do His will in them."
About to recordd after this plane
*slow, unimpressed clap*
When shit hits the fan, you better fuckin move or you're going to get shit on you.
nice!! Doin the chores!!
Massive congrats on the funding! All the best with the film! Fantastic project.
Want to check out Fletcher's music library? Fletcher's Top 4 coming up...
thank you ☺
I tweeted you like 2 or 3 times
#DearTaylorSwift we are all tired of your love songs make something different!!
Caffeine gives me the shakes....😞
working tonight and your sup just hanged up lol you know she can TALK!
you didn't tell me you actually made it D: make me another one! Ima be in Downey later and tomorrow too for a bit
: giving history lesson on economy - saying we need to plan economy of future. Cites fuel costs (yes -too high!)
LMFAO y'all r worse than siblings
What and where do you eat supper while filming Survivor? Do you feel guilty at all??
SEATTLE!!! Dammit, Seattle! I missed your show when you were here last time!!! RT > : OHIO OR SEATTLE..... I MIUST CHOOSE.
Keep checking my e-mail hoping for more info to do #readersadvisory exercise. Uber-excited about using these tools for the first time
omg! Great idea!!
Sorry Pat, beat you! But you can have my extra ticket 😊
I think that is my #1 pet peeve at work.
hahaha u ruin the songs u listen to em like 20 times in a row then sing em a lot
I enjoyed #ashe11 & connecting with
Lakers +4???? Too good to pass up.
Seriously? Are you freaking kidding me!!
Absolutely! The right foot position can be confusing.
Nothing worthwhile is ever easy.
At the bowling ally, taking over the jukebox.
About to experience a new attraction at #SeaWorld Orlando... Turtle Trek
Local dining tips RT : so this is an easy one! Vermilion, Brabo tasting room, and
Cheers to Twitter/NTT--you came correct
Hello follow me
Hm LA I love you man
Since we're currently around our 3,993,771st document included in a delivery, we expect to announce the prize this week [or next]!
Going on a tour of National Public Radio 3/21/12. I remember hearing NPR & PBS executives testifying about the role of public broadcasting.
I'll take humans any day. But I imagine you already know how I feel about robots
Apparently I have issues walking cause my legs are covered in bruises.
apparently curly hair and black and white stripes make me look like a "little French maiden". not my favorite description.
Walking out with bermudas on and realizing how cold it is but knowing there's no time to change <
IT'S BECAUSE APOLOGIES ARE A THING OF THE PASTE
is an online aesthetic magazine educating consumers on trends and technologies on plastic & cosmetic surgery, lasers
we don't have the Nike one, I've heard it's only available from the Nike website
It's a beautiful day for an outdoor wedding.
Just waching tv
Virginia:) with my grandparents:) #lovethemtodeath:)
I have the world's worst job luck. Ever. It's actually kind of hilarious and by kind of, I mean very.
OMG YOU FOUND HIS TWITTER DIDKABAJSBDJJSJA
is there going to be hard copies of #Section80 ??
Awesome. I am in palo alto 2 times a week. Would love to chat and exchange notes
Taken care of. Thx for the offer.
Forgot to bring sunscreen for my lips and emerged from the desert looking like Garry Shandling.
no omg, tell me you found it!!
So I have to start saving my money !! Going to Disneyland in a month(: so excited !!
Such sorry lame asshole
Really miss
#itdoesntlookgoodwhen you try and act dumb in front of guys bc you think it's cute. it's like, "wait, whaaattt? a banana is yellow?"
the New York Knick 4's
I got the voodoo for you bitches
is jason single
Man! These pretzels are making me thirsty!!
Oh fab, you got some really versatile styles! Hope you love all three. :)
Flatbread Feature: Grilled Chicken w/ spinach, grape tomato, onion & a pepper ranch sauce Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash
I'm gonna miss you too, you better come see me!(:
Feeling so loved , thanks for the birthday wishes !! :)
If a Brit or Frenchman brag about how great their country is ,its a great bore,but if an American does the same ,it's the same?
THe theme for today is "Red Pen."
omg that's just like when I yawn in church and my eyes water up so people think I'm crying about something -_-
our fave part too!
Pitching the record breaking story to newsroom NOW! I'm thinking we should take it live all AM
Hmm. I need a sec. I LOVE almost all kinds of music.
This is going to be a long day-_ -
tbh, i got twitter to follow , lmao!
": Hello my favorite twitter peoples.(and ) If someone isn't too busy, please come kill me. Cheers" on my way!
what's the problem? I can mention it at doit managers meeting tomorrow am.
That will be great. Can you either PM or send an email. We'll have our Education Chair contact you.
go to California and live there for the rest of my life...That's All I Really Wanna Do
1:30am and I can't sleep. Welp, at least #Doug is on. Thank you #Teennick and #the90'sareallthat. Sweet
The botched tech rehearsal made me only slightly more nervous than yesterday. I'm sure I'll vomit before this is all over.
Thanks so much for the support!
Wow! Women's world cup soccer- just beat France, going to finals now! Even though the uniforms look like Star Trek.
#Anchorman is one of the most quotable films of all time.
I understand, I'll take the new profile pic as a good sign.
Happy Mums day, Mum.
I don't know if I've had cherry Mr Pibb. At 5 Guys burgers?
Can't wait for #REVENGE tomorrow night. the show...I'm really a nice person ;)
feeling the urge to get out of town. but not sure where to go
I just got a spam email for 'Unlimited Free Tacos'. I deleted it.... Huge mistake.
Amazing performer DeAndre from American Idol was sent home although Jenifer Lopez was a fan. I guess that was not enough... Thoughts?
ha all gravy G but I was at crib 2day and we were going to do a remix with them an on it if u Down
Awesome. Once I took to see The Lion King and then to Bar Centrale.
Man. You don't even know how grateful I am. Thanks!
RT: at work text me I got the fax though <--- ok
NOO you're right you're right, everyone else is just wrong.
its in my memory bank right now
hum...I just went to check my messages and it seems there were a bunch of things sent about funny photos, and rumers which I never sent. Wow
Oh Yeah! Me too :D
I will! Thank you!
all I asked is that he credits stuff. Wait until you hear the details.
Hey Greg, thanks for the mention! Check out our newest CopsAlive article for some resources on stress management. Stay safe!
Did I really conflate 'your' and 'you're'? Gawd. >.<
what are your plans ?
Derby Day...2012
Yeah- definitely go over his head!~
I think is pretty!
damn i gotta make sure i get fitted for my tux
RT: When I'm laying in bed at night, that's when my mind goes crazy, thinking about lots of things.
Boutta take it down soon 😔💤💤
Wow ur tweets are fucking gay.
{Multiple forces does not necessarily make anything good: without focus, net force will be zero!}
I LOVE YOU ALL..
#DearMrHunt we would very much like to have our MLS cup back
Been craving a budlight lime (: yayyy me!!
Thats my show!!
u rock! No need to be insecure
"We can no longer think of ourselves as commercial content distributors." Joseph Sanchez
For real ? What happened to my team tonight?
I need a new texting buddy -_-
Omg my left leg is in pain for some reason. :/
hey! Latino America wants Big Time Rush #TeAmo (:
Setting up for our second variety show! It's the El Paso Edition. Check out the new show that will post this weekend!
... Sec. Have to go find some toxic sludge.
I'm only going to say this once. Every 5 goddamned minutes.
Katelynne Margross: I think she said 'exotic dancer', Ms. Lawly.
Well, i have decided to stay on part time, with my other job. Now i'll have two jobs, but i guess that is the thing these days.
u serious? if you are, send me your email so I can sign u up for the dance rehearsals.
#BlackMamaQuotes : "Keep on...you gone be picking yourself up off the floor."
what station are you on in Tampa, Fl?
At the Fitchburg library - standing room only. Overflow at City Hall.
Dear Peyton, I was just kidding. Come back to Indy. Love, Jim Irsay
I need everyone to follow she only needs 30 more followers until 47k follow her y'all
Looking to go vegetarian again and cut down on refined sugars, so studying the diets of veg*n MMA fighters for inspiration. They're awesome!
‎"Can you imagine what I would do, if I could do all I can imagine?"
Someone talk to me! Anyone? I'm bored at drivers ed :)
FINALLY GOT MY PHONE BACK :D
who is that?
where was it?
hey cameron I love u!!
Overall, very progressive/with it for the size of our company. Forgot how lucky I am sometimes! They listen to gd ideas.
Glad someone else said it! RT : “: Cheap shot!!” Mostly beer, not shots :)
In the darkest place we will be your light we will be your light.
are you a bad fish too?
yeah well this nobody ruffled ur feather this morning #Real Talk
Hendricks or Kos?
its not cooling is it
I have a huge test tomorrow and I haven't studied once
Coach need a new TV. I think the TV is from 1980. HaHa
the set of CSI Cleveland lol
I can't survive on Twitter alone, I need my FB!
Many people these days seem open minded and like more than 1 genre of music!
My cat just fell off his perch. There was a crash, followed by an irritated meow. Now he's glaring at the chair that betrayed him.
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn't know. M.Twain / sometimes it's best to just say "I don't know."
Parted my hair on the opposite side this morning. Feeling pretty dangerous today.
are you and done practicing yet?
Yea we'll take it RT : Yall Still Gone Get Da Slot?
just be sure to wear your robe and socks with sandals.
Hey babe, loved every picture you posted from Six Flags! I was grinning like an idiot at each one, but sad I wasn't there.
“: #BoogerTalk”LMFAO I LOVE YOU BIG BRO! :D
RT : #presentations are just conversations with more people listening.<< Exactly right! :)
#CanIBeHonestWithYou? Our team loves building websites, helping start-ups, and growing businesses. Get a Quote today and let us help you...
Edmonton tops Portland in WHL finals opener - The Spokesman Review
Absolutely perfect patio weather in
RT : Now RIM's CIO is talking about enterprise servers and services. Plans to move Fusion to the cloud.
hahaha no but i wanted to grab one so i could take a pic and omg they like burned my hand ahha they were so cold
Killer! Hit us up then!
Blessed be thy name.
Changing the title to She Ain't You(:
Not to my knowledge. Where are you based?
RT And is overall awesome... “ . speaks 5 languages – Slovene, Serbian, German, Swedish and English. -AM”
mhmm. I believe we met one morning, I gave a hug to Brittney. Lol.
yesterday was a hoot, dudes. please remember that my f*&4k ups are proprietary, and cannot be distributed!
RT : "Imagine what would happen if you started respecting your own wishes of how to spend your time." - Susan Cain ()
Maryland: Baltimore Maryland Motel
If I wanted to get up at 6:15 on a Sat AM I would have a baby. My dog is about to get sent to TX to live w/ her g-parents - driving me crazy
YES, one of my faves: RT : Sequoia Capital Invests $10 Million in Songkick ( / Media Decoder)
“: All Colorado #beer on tap ! I like beer!” 1. we like Jensen 2. We like #Colorado #beer !!
just stop it.
So glad you enjoyed! That was a rockin night! Thanks for the support
just want to say Hi :D
Getting ready to listen to my favorite Sunday show on XM radio. The Jesus Christ show ( ) is on now - XM Channel 158
Sad about this outcome , enjoyed my visit last summer. And people say there are no high $$ art project currently.
Uh oh ! Getting ready for Round 2! Go #Sixers!
WORD BRO... #aguyshould not act like the typical warwick jerkoff...
Tomorrow marks week one of being gluten free. One more week until I know if this will be the rest of my life or not.
wahhhh! i know... :( this needs to change! we need to meet up at panera asap.
RT : Kobe will show the boys how to do it
rose can close games ??
Back from 17 days in Switzerland, the trip was great !
RT : Thanks to all who joined us at CWL SPRING. We've got everything OnDemand til Tues, including our $5K scholarship!
Confident that no matter what age I get, a can of baked beans will always remind me of a homeless, switchblade wielding Christopher Lloyd.
Today's weather can be summed up simply with sun, rain, sun, rain, sun, and more rain.
lol! thanks so much! i miss you!
ah thanks, that made my day.
okay good. had a wicked dream where you both died on the way to a wedding? glad to see your alive :)
BREAKING: Bad Crash IB Dan Ryan at Cermak, three lanes down.
Working on some things. Going to be posting an update soon about everything. \m/
Interesting: "When offline, people love personalized experiences like a cafe owner knowing your name" -Russ,
and also has really bad allergies, evidently. Those watery eyes...
I wish I had people to hangout with
RT : How do men sort their laundry? "Filthy" and Filthy but wearable" Im not even gonna lie, so true, lmfao!
#Knicks faces starting to get that look.
ha ha nothing!
it wouldn't b me ;)
It's SO hot in my grandparents' house! Stood over the air vent and literallyt burned my foot...
who scored?
My "reflex" to use commas and follow them with 2 spaces is such a hindrance on Twitter. I type them without thinking. Old habits die hard.
Ubaldo is just not good as folks thought he was.
Haha I like the way you think!! ": that's exactly what it means! \(^.^)"
Just watched Tuesday's message for - GREAT message
he sure is, until he attacks you & you have bite marks near your ankles. But yeah... He's a lil sweetie.
no we did not haha but it was funn
What is a machine going to do with a $1 million???
he is in doggy heaven now I am so sorry for your lose I will miss him
So looking forward to Thursday! :)
“: forever letting go of my past and building a new strong, successful future.” (:
is just about to take the stage at the Louisville Palace! Join in the conversation at
Show is done, headed back to canyon Lake
2 hours till glee. Can't wait.
Just boarded our flight to Ft. Lauderdale. With Dan Marino. Who looks way tanner than the rest of us.
Holiday greetings (no castle yet) :)
Great article! Very useful and easy to understand.
so far all these pictures of him are 👍
Why OOOHHH and AWWW over a brand new computer when we can get yours up & running smooth again for a fraction of the cost of buying new. ^jl
Watching the big bang theory
I feel like such a girl right now. I'm eating "Ben & Jerry's" out of the carton AND I just had sex with a guy.
Thank you, Mitch. Loss is hard whenever it comes but especially hard with one so young. :(
since i dont have to get up, im pouring more wine and snuggling up to a movie. I love
RT IF YOU LOVE EVERYBODY
Go to Betty and stop being soft.
Africa Hope Fund is a a non-profit organization dedicated to helping the people of Africa live productive and healthy lives.
After britney new single and last nights gossip girl, I predict lesbianism btw confused young sluts will increase by at least 20 %
yay I'm glad
Being made a delicious bday dinner of pastitsio, asparagus, & Thomas Keller's pecan-walnut bars with bourbon whipped cream.
got a better night's sleep than most.. was there even any wind?
God deals in the impossible, faith is speaking things to come that are not there. "The substance of things hoped for...etc
wtf to do today
Do not call a girl sexy, call her beautiful! Do not tell her you like her body, tell her you think God gave her a body of a goddess boys ...
sittin at work boreeeeeddddddddd...come on 12, i need my break
- congrats on a great event last night #CampFireTS. All the acts were awesome!
Banging chicken paddies for lunch
Infatuated I think not feeling a way I haven't felt in a long time
I'm really looking forward to this girls day/night
excited for national youth day:)
👃big nose swagg
I think I should report this lady.. She keeps touching my ass. WTF
Does this cold weather make you want to stay at home? There are TONS of at-home workouts that are amazing! If you need ideas, just ask!
#9O21O played at the end, just like #GossipGirl!
Guess he suppose to whoop my ass or tell me to stop .. I dunno .
ooh I want to be there! Could use a free drink right about now :)
I #needaFIJI because its hotter than the sun in sunny Florida can you say 84 degrees!!!
The secret to the perfect ice cub requires that you use hot water and a calm hand to transport the tray to the freezer.
Hey you, you still in Canada or have you given that cold dream up?? :)
Dedicated autosports enthusiast here: driving 12+hrs to Stockton, CA for , then straight back for #teamBOSS drifting on Sunday!
Already did, and good luck!
#ifheavenwasamileaway ill pack up my bags and leave this world today.
Harker Dirge and Kevin Steen d. Mike Quackenbush and Colt Cabana when Steen pinned Cabana with the Package Piledriver.
[LIVE TWEET] Rethinking Expertise: pragmatist model of expertise. Discussing the differences between science and expertise.
I hate when people brag! I'm just like STFU already!
4 days until we kick off! First event is Cville's Annual MLK Celebration this Sun. the 16th, 5 p.m. @ Mt. Zion 1st African Baptist Church
Soccer is at its most intense time of season #CL #barca #chelsea I'm just enjoying watching this great sport.
i miss #bagelfriday at weber! hope you are doing well!
no comment :)
I love chocolate cake
id love to!
Just read: Confidential data on 30 million German phone put on the Internet as a result of an error .
do you also realize UK only had one 1&done last year?
use #theipl2 to
Happy Mother Day To All the wonderful mom out there
Shit , him & the groupies can get blocked , & outta here for all I care . Tf ?
I disagree. As someone building a marketplace business, i know it is pretty important to show prospects who is behind the curtain.
Merry TITSmas everyone! The #UT football season starts today!
nothin much just watching the videos i made for the boys long time ago, youu ?
did it leave u a gift?
you guys need too stop. Your blowing up my tl Hahaha
LYjr cntd "Mr Brown's Strides n the Ent Bus r Unique & Limitless"
I was tired and jetlagged so i get the words out right :( Wasn't that bus ride long? Took 2 1/2 hours to get home from airport
Starting Monday, you can take the karaoke party with you on your iPhone/iTouch
My biggest goal will be accomplished and from there I'll work towards my other ones
Dear Automatic Flusher: I'm still sitting on the toilet, please refrain from squirting water all over me!
I need a new show on Netflix to be obsessed with. Just finished "The League" and loved it. Suggestions needed.
As humans, we fascinate one another each time we interact, with our voices, our scents, and our expressions.
it must be really nice outside because my office is still pretty cool.
I have the hard drive. I just need the right cable. 500GB. Should double my DVR size.
napkin from glove box or fling it out the window onto another car
you are so cute and your voice is beautiful <3
#IfItWasntForTwitter the cause of #Liberty would not be spreading as fast as it is!
I hate sappy chick movies and love storys but I kinda wanna see that zac effron movie cuz he looks so freakin hott!
Relatedly, the amount and intensity of sexual stimulation is directly under the woman’s control and therefore ...
Damn this night is finally almost over
Alpha Chi Omega installed Theta Sigma at Univ of North Florida on May 2, 1987. Happy Founders Day !
I put a water in the freezer for school tomorrow cause itss hot as balls in that school!
Just got done working out... Shower than back on the Gorilla Tour!
peep new santigold single "disparate youth" it will good with your taste on your show truss me..
Done. Done. Done. Done. Done. Done. Done.
how's u and katherine? I'm ganna support Princess and I :)
If the guy next to you at the urinals is jacking off, is that an H.R. issue?
Brand of the week: Social Media fully integrated and colors to entertain, The Standard will blow your mind.
So there are jobs I cannot apply at until my balance at UH is 0.00. That is the rule. The law. I was hoping they could be a little kinder
That moment when u get to class so early the lights are off & no one is there; you wonder if class was cancelled....
wassup wit the next trip fellas
Bronchitis Plus to much work = Lite pneumonia.
Your call from #TheMasters is feeding my golf addiction while I'm away from the TV all day. Thanks!
Morning commitee meeting with the March of Dimes. Planning a spectacular fundraiser for Nov. at Balboa Park. More info soon!
I saw the story last night and just couldn't make sense of it. So so sad. My condolences are with the family
That is really cold. I dont think i could stand that for very long.
Revival is living in the heart of the believer. Wake up and release it!
lunch & movies. happy mothers day.
Cute costume, did u 2 tear up Boulder
Good pass Lebron
occupy wall street is some crazy business
Just invited to watch the Avengers with me Sat. afternoon. since he is in NY. Can hurt to ask, no?
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
spring allergies are the worst.
No other answer necessary RT From a boat with a cocktail in hand!!!
Watch "Inside the NFL" TONIGHT, Dec. 22, for a segment on Fantasy webseries featuring our own Hot Tub Sleeper Picks! (9pm et/pt)
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Double check to make sure you have what you need before you start. It will save a lot of time later.
Washington v USA!: INCREDIBLE! Violent Gulf of Mexico weather imminent, environmental disaster potential for entire Gulf/Caribbean on D.C.
I think Twitter is pretty boring compared to facebook. I wish I could avoid seeing posts just cos they mention people I follow.
You're right, not fair!
Gracious substitute on res 11. VAUMC
RT : Problem is not corps, problem is corps that rig govt to serve their interests. Local diner is corp, but not the problem
I love you so much that I'd take you out on a date to Sheetz
How did I get so sick in one day
Quoth the raven, `Nevermore.'
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
Adding this to my list of Kate transportation issues.
America. RT : Sportsman Channel announces new show "Riggo on the Range," where John Riggins will hunt animals & then cook them.
We're warming up some soup and getting read to go to the grocery store, just in case there really is a snowpocalypse in Seattle. You?
After seeing gorgeous pageant inspired phone case I have realized I need some in my life!
#bbn loves you! Let's go cats!
RT if u are urself or know someone in Houston who will be dressed to #heaux.... err, kill & attract Aubrey at tomorrow's Club Paradise show
It looks like he just dropped it.
I meant more his physical appearance and mannerisms - it's an interesting phenomenon!
Buenos dias Twitter
god, I love yahoo answers. i remember last year posting "my team just signed Comrie. Does this mean I should like H. Duff?"
Im getting my whole Body Painted for Tonight's Performance! See you at Club Orion! =)
have a blast beautiful!
Had a blast with u in MIAMI, be blessed and see you soon. Keep spreading the gospel like an epidemic
Eating sonic n watching movies with my queen love u baby
it feels like was only here for ten minutes. wtf. come back
Just finished flamenco practice and im exhausted! Hard work to reach "perfection".
Hi girl! Things are great! How bout you?
is that mr 0 for 4
Parlor Market. It was outstanding.
Please retire the word "logic" from all Internet comment boards, thanks.
Appearances are nice & important, but what you are dressing up underneath is what is the most important. How deep does your central core go?
harden dont care
u oughta tell her to holla
Wish I could get a tweet from but that seems impossible today :(
Don’t let city limits limit your event- Our catering service delivers both within and outside the Portland-Metro area.
mike who
Congratulations to the Drexel graduating class of 2010!
"Now let's forget our troubles with a big bowl of strawberry ice cream." ---Marge, The Simpson's
Woo hoo! RT : We'll be downtown with tons of green treats for the St. Patricks Day parade and Fair in the Square.
Can't believe it's install time at the VAC again!!! Looking forward to the upcoming new exhibitions!
great lunch!!
So done with "family time"
“ Show of hands. Er Twitter hands. Who is coming out to the reserve match tonight?” I'll be there, and I'll be square!
has to be thrilled that in a Tigerless weekend they at least get a Rory-Rickie playoff instead. Oh and DA Points.
: we just can't help it, president!
Back in Ann Arbor. And it's not raining. Had enough of the drizzle (and bumpy flights). Hope it's better next week.
o Idina Menzel is gonna be at the Paramount on June 2nd, I may just have to go to that one, who else is down?
Kidrauhl Makes The World Smile. Yes, he does. I will always love him.
RT : Using within ePortfolio the Ning/tumblr *approach* would be useful. Safe space for comments, reflections. Good one!
Darn. I snoozed, and lost... “: Sold out? Well, there goes that idea...... Excellent news, btw.”
haha yay thank you!!!! Can't wait!
Sometimes I get a good feeling
aww hope u feel better
Look at all those different times I just retweeted, the fuckery .. 🔫🔫🔫
Families learn each other's languages... and I bet that goes double for twins.
Remember to breathe.
don't play dumb crespo
ON my MIND like CRAZY! Couldn't quit thinking long enough to fall back asleep. So, whatever, another 2 hours of #FacingJoints (:
la cage tho..
Lamar Odom = NBA Trojan Horse. Nice move LA Lakers. I am impressed.
Let's get weird
From DC HSEMA:Due 2 rain in the forecast for Wed(1/11/2012) DC Govt is asking citizens 2 clear gutters & catch basins.
hey, how are you...you seemed kinda down the other night
where do you hate being at lol?
haven't cried this hard in months
Finna Make This Lasagna Right Quick >>>
Early muscle spasms, this ain't hot!
Index of leading econ indicators is down significantly. Dragged down by local stock prices, building permits, consumer confidence.
I am so thankful to have beautiful people like you in my life. Exhaling.Thanks for letting me aboard your life.I know I'll enjoy the flight.
Where did you take the picture? - Colin Miner/Assignment Editor KATU News
the table always has room for you and Geek Royale!
57 seconds isnt much, but it gives the Pats a chance.
vodka chased with a pickle hahah
follow me loves. Miss ya
Staying focused on the #future while i keep my #EYE open to the #present while I forget the
Great way to hate a song... set it as your alarm ringtone
I Wish people would stop judging -./
yeah, let's have some beer or something. I lost my contacts recently, can u send it again? Mine is 480-307-4252
Phu, an conservator, tells the #SILtweetup group not to use duct tape to repair our favorite books, unless we like that vibe.
Good grief, no. Guess I could have clarified "without editing core" but that should be a given.
Happy Wednesday :)
great tweet!! And so true!!
Have submitted my semester grades....but that only slightly lightens the workload for a few weeks, but I'll take it!
just as i started feeling my terrible day was getting a bit better, I saw the Red Sox score....
Morning voting, completed.
♫ I am listening to Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen #MP3MusicDownloader it's cool
To be honest... I'm not even that excited about prom.
yikes! Very unnecessary charge to fill out papers!
Twitter = A heavily populated city ... Facebook = A vacation spot ... Myspace = A ghost town.
STOP LOOK AND FOLLOW MY BACKUP
my icon >> everyone elses.
Going to school. Then MMA class. Have a good day
's new song is absolutely perfect<3
lol bless to heart...
So what's left for Christopher Plummer? Congrats!!
Thank you, I'm good!
Oh you forgot I was a gangsta?!
Hey it's Eira from if the jaws of my busy schedule release me, will try 2 come say hi at Octavia tomorrow
. What a pleasant way to start the day. Thanks.
I Really Really Really want YOU to do a concert here in SAN ANTONIO PLZ PLZ
you're welcome. Your product looks like it can change the way kids think mathematically.
Papa Bear's BBQ?
Why are both crews advancing?! What?! Holy shit! What's going on?! Ahh!
Jangling keys... is that scientist guy from E.T. in here?!
I would like to show all people of earth that we are all born with voting rights, to make a vote a common aspect of digital & physical life
Uhm. We can take this to court cuzzz I want custody. You the one that was all over me dhat nite! ☝
everyone go follow !!
Great advice! RT : You don't have to swing at every pitch. That's my thought o' the day.
It's MOTHER FLIPPIN' gametime!!!!! I'm so freaking hype right now!!!
Anyone want a brackets board? It's new. White board like for darts, football games, etc
Sure, come on by circus mashimus. Or
My mom just got home do u have a ride
: I knew somethin wasn't right btw ya new shirt is sick!
Wow. Shouldn't the "sustainability of the disciplines" take priority over the "sustainability of the publishing industry"?
Just read about it this morning.
My grandpa joined the email game a little late, so I'm getting the Fw:Fw:FW emails from years ago. Today's? Cell phones igniting gas pumps.
I should be asking u that lol....im doin what u like lol
Nowadays, I wish just one thing would run smoothly for me.
know what I'm sayin??!! Spent years in DC which is WAY worse, and always felt secure...welcome to Vegas I guess.
Time to aearte and fertilize your lawn. This will help save water and give you great looking grass.
Omg, delivery of different colored spotlights on my desk for Prom!! I love my co-workers. Shout out to Mr. Kelly! No more
Seriously, this custodian in the library is fucking with students. No way do you need to push the same chair in 5 times CC:
that is #ThaTruth #RealShit but bionica can't fathom that idea
Just tapped 12 Bar Brewery's Wicked IPA.
The girls sitting next to me wouldn't be so annoying if they were a little less chatty and a lot more dead..
and sitting in a tree....something something SCDP. OK, it's late.
Alternate Operating Systems: News and Notes
Honey Crisp apples are finally in season! Woohoo!
Magic shoes! You can take on the world in those things. Or at least conquer the dance floor ;)
missed being at #SOBCon and all of you too!
Holy moly it's hot!
" My moma told me that the fame would bring out all the hater " HATERZ OMG GIRLZ KILLED IN THAT SONG !
you know it was fake when he asked the sister did she got married for the show
Its hard but its fair...
Really hope nobody I know saw what an ass I made of myself trying to check/add oil to my car. Couldn't have chosen a more public gas station
BE OUR VALENTINE. come to the wooden teeth tuesday meeting, 8pm, in monroe 114.
Rebel America lands placement for Major Sports Program. Congrats to the participating songwriters with this project.
still East village, definite upgrade from where I'm at now though.
#notyoubirthday love zach porter of ASW
Sad day. RIP Whitney Houston.
I love dat white bitch I got
Noon-E is on way to A. I will miss his gold glove defense.
i have a crush on 1 of my friends... since b4 i met him n real life o_O
I have one of those moms, too. She's convinced I'm going to marry my neighbor's son...
Know any DMV area photographers ??
I feel like a tourist in my own town. This place is just what we needed. Im sure bumper-side baggo will continue... But still, this is great
7-year-old handwriting included ;) Thanks again for helping us have some fun at
I've decided thatthe only way I'm gunna order a key necklace from is if he's at bamboozle #justkidding but it would be nice
think i am going to study in van loan, maybe robson's words will just come to me
Who's going to this Friday?
#Romney #Dodge on Banking Bailouts
I jam to that! Haha
what happened to For Today and E. Town Concrete?
Mix 102.9 will be at Jimmy John's grand opening in Garland from 12-2 today. If you are n the area stop by for $1 subs!
alrighty dude on my way! Should be there soon
I didnt hear His voice but I felt His arms around me.Thank you Lord
Just realized I haven't picked up a set of drum sticks in two weeks. Not even mad about it. Back at it hard next week.
happy birthday(: sending you love and peace today(;
while the mechanism is unclear, that seems to be the result
Don't fly much, but had a very enjoyable flight 2nite on on a new md90. Smoother quieter flight. WOW! Will try to choose u when I can
Except for the fund itself.
