Watching the movie #scratch while I paint. Forgot how hilarious Cut Chemist is. "Don't touch the record, you're gonna ruin it!"
Out of all the exceptional American leaders and businessman, these idiots running for president are my only choices?!? AmericasFucked!!
I'm cool on you bro
mine too! After 3 days out all day had kids telling me about the sub, but they can't tell me where their assignments went??
Thanks for the RT!
Watching the live feed... Is this a healthy pastime?
hi i have a question. how do i book because i would love to have them at a fundraiser. how much would it cost?
These refs be on the heat dick hard wade and Lebron both some floppin ass niggas damn shame
HAPPY FRIDAY lets raise a glass to the weekend, CHEERS!
#NowPlaying Fabolous When the money goes
said "you think I care what strangers think? Look at this!"
I like this kinda productive shit! :D
yeahh next week sounds better!
Good morning fans! Today we will crown the new U.S. Women's Open Champion! See you here for play at 8am!
One day popup menswear/vintage/dry goods market. All quality, all designed to last. Mostly made in USA.
Lagond Music is a "haven" for children in need. Please donate.
Ever since this began, I was blessed with a curse.
Nice guitar Eddie! I want one of those! Looking forward to seeing you play in April!
During the #ScharCares twitter party, please use the hashtag when responding. I can't wait to tweet with y'all in 30 more min!
Fuck this wind
Go buy merch! Follow link! www.districtlines.com/theafterparty do it now!
If a guy really loves you: he'll always text you, give you attention, never be mean, always try to be with you, and lots more.
I admit it: I like the hot towel.
you suck
“: Staying up all night will cause your body to burn an extra 161 calories.”
Get off my fucking TL. Lmafao!!! “ How do you place a midget "under arrest?"”
damn xbox live fails again. what a shocker!!!
My daddy get sad everytime mother day ums around because his mother isnt here :(. I love him mucho tho. Bout to go give him a hug
Still in or near mojave?
lol, thats whts up.... But when u realize there a waste thats when you should be on to the next
Neurobehavior talk on wisdom today. Bottom line: we don't seem to have a consistent definition of what it is
I better be able to see my reflection when I look at it. Lol
we're glad that you love the story!
I hate when i'm so tired it hurts to keep my eyes open but at the same time I can't fall asleep
full time:)
Costa Concorida cruise survivor sues for $1.2 million over miscarriage
MW3 you shall be the death of me with perks. Really. </3
The best thing about being able to ffwd through Glee is never listening to another Rachel Solo.
ewwww burnt pop corn
OH: I like to go to the gym, do my thing and not make eye contact. Kinda like sex.
Hi! What are they thinking?
Set your sights high! Help end domestic violence and sexual assault by telling Congress to
and yes, a hottie to boot
yeah I def want to check that out! I saw a list by today - the sausage one in Wrigley sounds hilarious!
We say, "Not until I eat breakfast!"
You can buy tickets at the door as well!
SURVEY TIME: How long have you been in the work force and how many employers have you had during that time frame?
I'm so excited for you :) I have 6 wks till due date.
An excellent Vw car dealership within Phoenix arizona allow you to ...
That was fun! Thanks, all. #DocMartin ^LG
I'm a seat filler and I will be attending the
Any sign of any dude acting like he's entitled to something from me is an automatic dismissal. Im a very giving person, but I dont play that
You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving.
Me: "what kind of pizza is that?" Austin, TX: "pulled pork, black bean, sweet potato+red onion!" Me: "oh. Of course."
That's really kind of you. We know how important it was to the person whose lunch wasn't right.
NM Dept. of Health confirms 9 Listeria cases, 3 ppl have died. Could be linked to cantaloupe.
by young and old people
they miss the flight to Nashville.
4 questions to ask for transformation #2 What should we do for him?
Dire warning from condo assn that owners respond with info or lose everything in their storage bins. Please? God that would be helpful.
how do you know "help the University" does not include helping the victims and their families? Not a JoePa apologist or fan
yes. A ten year old Toyota.
Happy Birthday Girl..:)) Love Yah..xoxo
Would you like to attend our event, by any chance?
I'm just sayin, not attacking you are the south.
Living young&wild&free
Yes, party hint: Like minded moms here follow on Twitter. keep window open and find each other later!
I'm getting a twitter tutorial from & what app do u guys use? HELP! where r YOU when I need u!
Change is constant. How we experience change, that's up to us.
RT : Sanjiv Ahuja (CEO Lightsquared @ CQ Roll Call) By 2014, voice calls will only represent 2% of all mobile wireless traffic
Truck maintenance today. (If my job was easy, it wouldn't be any fun.)
FIRST OF ALL THIS DUDE IS SO INSPIRATIONAL SECOND YOU GUYS ARE SO PRETTY…and there goes my+
sending good vibes xox
Open design contest coming up. We want great designers to submit some work for a chance to win cash and goods. Keep an eye out for more info
absolutely that would be awesome
#Faggotest RT : Nigga legit had wolf Kobe 7s on one foot and Shark Kobe 7s on the other. If that aint the most faggotest shit
You guys deserved it!! Remember good things come to those who deserve it :)
Very cool and interesting piece!! And, thanks for the shout-out! Good work and much appreciated.
I'm not a revenge person or whathaveyou, but last night was one of those times where you see a jerk ex and know you're doing better.
APPETIZER STEAMED MUSSELS cherry tomatoes, lemon, rosemary-dijon créme
Arthur Miller was our kind of guy. "I realized that selling was the greatest career a man could want."
RTB bout to be dope is goona slap in those speakers
Tax and benefit changes announced by Chancellor George Osborne over the past 18 months are set to ..
Join our Facebook group and see pictures from past events. Search: Long Island Autism Fair.
Welcome to joining us to speak at Corps member graduation. This is
LOL! I'm trying to be good!!
who would get that?
RT ArtOutside is this weekend- are you going? We are and we would love to see you there!
Well spring break 2012 was GREAT...now back to business...on the road in the pm After Church🙏
my eyes water, knowing just how much you care...just how much you love me. knowing i AM accepted by somebody. knowing...i'll never be alone
yes i did love you all :*!
Side by Side with the Devil on a Harley Davidson
May do some interval training in Runyon- gotta get in stellar shape before I attempt your bootcamp!
Our office is next to a state park with a lot of Black Bears. We wanted a name that was brandable
All final scores also.
Thanks for the RT
My bro!!! Seriously feel like you all are family now.
Follow my homie and roommate !! She does all the booking for The She is one of the hardest working girls I know!
Excellent blog sir. I know I culd benefit from it!
THX rock solid!
bro how was the concert?
Derwin and Melanie :(
#djangocon lots and lots of GF beers @ New Seasons Market & whole foods
Right now, Jesse Eisenberg is silently wishing that Mark Zuckerberg had a stammer. Or at least a limp.
a friendly heads up - it's OK State or Oklahoma State. "Okie" is considered a derogatory slur. Pass along to your editors
hell no! Gosh, I would've dumped his cheating ass immediately!!
#libday8 I'm back from the CMMI grant "debriefing" meeting I had with & a few others. I hope we get the grant!
Grrr decisions. I can go for anything right now
create it yourself! it's so much more satisfying (and cheaper) than buying it.
I hope you had a great trip back home! Thanks again. Now ready for
We're open until 11pm tonight! Come jump!
It's a steal!
are u going to take another class?
gosh darnit. go on fbbb! i have to tell you somethinnggg:D
You're doing all of the right things so you better hold on and enjoy the ride! Xoxo
Are you in the city?! What are you up to?
Gelato Flavor of the week- green tea! A creamy caffeinated fix that’s smooth and creamy
I HATE inconsistent/confusing policies. Biggest professional pet peeve ever.
Kids are respected in online gaming communities - whether you're 6 or 66 skills are skills.
Ultra lazy day. Time to get up, go workout #SummerBody flow....dinner to talk future & $$$....then Thursday boys nights....
He's from the south of France...Australia.
Fortenberry: Looks to the day when ALL students take something of an engineering literacy course.
Just listened to Turn To You and completely broke down.....
Howard's Business Hit: Susan Kaui Koehler (HawaiiNewsNow) - Howard has a Waikiki tourism update! He talks to Susan Kaui Koehler, the Sale
going down the highway windows cranked jamming to wagon wheel
amazing black Russian khalua. Let us know when you're ready for a vid. Back soon!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you realize your whole conversation with someone was completely public to everyone on twitter....
clearly doesnt realize how crazy he drives me and that he will be my future husband:D
make me think about what I'd want my kid to do
kelsey is such an inspiration to me :3 and so were those guys that went up to the podium.
Good thing he didn't write his stuff, then. ;)
Want to learn how to balance #SMM with business demands (Corp Comm, Legal, Commerce, etc)? Then vote for our #sxsw panel!! dach.is/nM2iya
Not sure but I just bought my tickets - you never know!
Hey everyone! Don't forget to tell your friends about the band! And follow them while youre at it!: !
of Appendix to Elizabeth Kubler-Ross' " On Death and Dying." Will share daily. i am 62 years old, and have lived a full life. i don't fear
oh yeah! hahaha. Follow me, I love u so much
Get your presale tickets for AWESTRUCK w/ THE LIGHTER EXCHANGE @ THE SOCIAL today! Call 407 456 3540
it's because you're the chosen one. We've been through this before.
put up hundos today... 125s by the end of the semester, easy
I don't #Hate you.. I just lost #Respect for you!
The celery is never of any use.
all cus mr.copeland gets joy into going into a girls locker room doesnt make him a pedo
we will always strive for excellence
I'm still looking for a safe place to stay temporarily when I return to NY/NJ. I can't afford a hotel.
happy birthday to miss !!
Our mini bad beat hit 4 times yesterday !! $500 paid out when a full house loses !! See room for full details
#Karaoke What snow? We've Snow-E-Okie!! Come and warm up!
In Bible Class!
My APES book uses massive airplane crashes with "no survivors" to illustrate equivalent #s of people dying from issues. Feelin
Plans for lunch? Come on over to Acme Hotdogs for our Tuesday $4.25 All American Combo Special! Cleveland Av, so of 161
Ready for gym tonight. Need to release some stress.
nah I'm good.
Benin accedes to the CISG and the Limitation Convention (enters into force Aug. 1 and Feb. 1, 2012 respectively). See UNCITRAL website.
Me: You have to get out with me to feed the horse. (Dark out) Lovebug: I'll throw upp!.
Some of these names are hilarious!
dm me sexy!(;
Used to anticipate checkin the mail when I knew there would be a check in the mail.
I'm coming. July 2nd - Chris said I could crash there for the night.:) so yes, there WILL be drinking.
wow, didn't know of annotator. anyone you know you can intro?
Ideally, we can teach how to argue respectfully to help our students deal with disagreements in the future.
Check out this alternative stunna - Shawna E HOT!!!
Scarface the movie did more than Scarface for me. So that ain't the blame for all the shit that's happened to me
So glad Bucks won first home game of the season. Hope they keep it up!
come out to our 80's event @ Gold inside Aria #savethedate August 19th :)
Let them find the real you buried deep within...
Just finished up wardrobe w/ #statelinefilms. Looking forward to the shoot tomorrow!
Hope you have some fun planned for this weekend
lmao , i can tell (: hes really really talented !!
Nice! I love Jovante...
Hear, hear! RT : Thank you to my fellow #infocamp organizers for letting me part of your #infoherd. Passion is powerful.
It ok for a black girl to date a white guy but not ok for black guy to date a white girl ???
build a new fire station. Donate a lot to cancer ass. For my mother that passed away
True. What's worse is those that need it most will end up paying for this thru higher taxes & cuts to services like Medicaid
Possibly the Boeing 314 or a Super Connie.
I believe beard could have single handedly won that competition.
add a splash of Kikomann soy on your hard belly and tweet a pic! Xo
details comin soon girl!
Gameday for my Hoosiers. Basketball season is officially here!
Yo I find myself headed NJT to catch BOSvNJN w/ et al. "Prud" is gonna be rollicking, haha. Psyched to see Ray Allen.
You can't judge me. Just like I can't judge you. but, God will judge us both...Let's do right!
Come on, Seattle was part of the challenge! Don't we deserve to see them once?
Don't want to be that feed! RT : Some #twitter feeds overwhelm me; I stop reading their tweets then I #unfollow. It's like SPAM!
Happy Saturday! Are you ready for the #Superbowl? Come in today before the big game and get $5 off an oil change!
Leaving for #Arizona a week from today...finally I will get to see the sun again Mia loving Arizona...
any but Gooden
So much <33 you love me (:
In a way! They were training at LSP, I couldn't believe it. I hadn't seen Mitre ANYTHING for at least 14 years.
I did!
Can't wait for the day that 'Madoff' becomes an official verb in the English Dictionary. I just used it.
3rd movie equals nap time! U basically slept all day!! Lol
LMAO. The car is beyond clean - inside and outside. I just took it to the car wash.
hi n still not sleep
my voice (lies) jermisha voice (gettch some) my voice( u is a low 9 bitch)
Religous Studies is also a dope track to do...History too....
genius. Seriously genius.
Thank you so much! Likewise :))
What is it w/ male hockey players & long hair? I've mistaken way too many for women from behind at this tourney...
It's some things I don't have in my life that really desire..
Making a frozen brownie sundae for dessert tomorrow night - hubby & I are having people over :-) Never made it before but it sounds amazing!
hahahaha you're welcome!
Doing promos. And sommersaults.
A bird lookin azz nigga( he has a long nose)
They look dull and lifeless. I'm starting to get a little concerned....but there's plenty of time to turn things around.
I know we never had a good conversation, but i can tell yourr amazing and funny. Don't put yourself down. your perfect.
What goes around comes around, boys!
Follow Back so I can hit your inbox on something real quick it's a link.
Oh girl, I had NO IDEA. But so glad it's over. MILLER TIME!
: Is the a 50/50 possibility that there might be someone else that could have fathered your chld
Reflecting on the fact that I won't be teaching my class next year. Super sadface.
Me too, but was guilted into it by needing to eat 4 cups of veggies a day by Wegmans Eat well live well campaign.
"Just because we can't find a solution it doesn't mean that there isn't one." -Andrew Wiles
not just "duty-driven; LOTS of self-defense motive there too!
Favorite Chilorio's salsa: We want to know!
fuck this shit im moving to north carolina
NO PROBLEM stay connected
So today I realized how beautiful the harps sound is
Got to see president Obama today!!! Crazy!!!!
I'm on high ... I got that Cali swag goin ...
Mustache update: Carl Pavano #Twins P said his is gone. coming up @ 1pm. with & Kevin Kennedy
: My prayers are w/ ur lil bro and your family. Stay strong V.D...God bless!!!
Me, too! It was so charming! So happy that Midnight in Paris won best original screenplay!!
Very nice.
I of course think red wine was invented so moms don't kill their kids
damn man....u always making me hungry with your tweets
370 followers? Really? lol. why? In surprised even 2 people follow me..
Hope you're feeling better. I'd love to bump into you tonight at the Field.
Don't let them get you down, Ax! You're the man, you got this! Go Crew!
A woman just yelled out her car window that she loves my shoes. The #Platswoon in smoke crystal. cc
glad you're up and at 'em Gilbert!
needs to start agreeing with mee..
Few more days in NY. Back to Seattle Wednesday. Had great time meeting families willing to do whatever it takes help their kids! (NY in May)
Just landed in Chicago... #Raaa longtime before game time. Light rain but that won't stop us.
if the packers are playing next week!
I really wanna go see hawthorne heights and cry and scream and fangirl and jump around and be 14 again who's with me?
I recommend it!
New Facebook Terms Allow Confiscating Furniture
How about some vegan dog treats for your birthday!!? Happy Birthday Ellen! From, Max & Ruffy's
Who did the design for your World Trip blog? Beautiful job, love it!
plz show this 17 year old with no life some luv> < he might kill himself if you don't! He 1 of ur biggest slaves :)
what did he fail for?
Luv this! RT : Great video! Kris is amazing! RT : Demo w ! « CBS Baltimore...
I'm selling. Not buying.
Not yet. Mid-summer, although this year it might be a little bit early.
Yes made me choke on my kool-aid thanks :D haha
SB for Angle.
I'm about to do a lot of #tbt of me and
would be honored to help in any way we can!
We're cursed. It's over! I'm not sleeping tonight! 😖😱👿👻
Just met & talked with ... she's nicer & more beautiful in person!!
Polling for information: What would it take for you to acquire a pet?
thank you! I say fake the seizure :)
I like that no one ever drops out or quits anymore. They only "suspend their campaign"
Sometimes u r not ur customer. Write content for them. Not u.
Taylor Swift is opposed to a suggested joint "make-up" performance with Kanye West. Ha!
So happy Mike Bibby plays for the Knicks this playoffs. Enjoy him, Knicks fans!
not if you're on a stationary one- -
Just sent in a proposal for another special topics class on serial murder for Spring 2012. Looking forward to teaching it again!
so doesn't too little oil
I can't stand rain,let it snow instead.
It's by Saul Williams, poet/artist. Awake to hear the first birds chirping. Happy Monday to you.
u got some nice grooves! u got any new beats noone used yet?
it is 12:48 in dallas what time it there or were ever your at lol
I remember when I was in love with 's older brother. Lol!
Nice first second, Puppo
all is good here, it didn't hit us thank God.
great to meet you last night is doing some amazing things.
I know it should be you but it's Mary Janes Last Dance I'll play som next for sure
I was familiar with the word beforehand. This should come as no surprise.
Currently reading Last Night I Sang To the Monster. Slow start. Had me worried. Found the rhythm and I'm really liking this author. New 2 me
Homeless man found stabbed to death in Anaheim,possible suspect detained- Police investigating if it's the serial killer of the homeless
It's time to play #FAMILYFEUD with my main
Apartment shopping? Check out Thomas Place, they are great lofts right on University Ave! Only some units left so call 612-703-RENT
You know that button called "Follow" Yeah? Click it and I will give you a shoutout and a follow back!
Great news for GMT International Inc this morning. We have built a successful business model and projection faster than most startups.
Boy:tell me a secret tht u have never told any1Girl:u dont want to knowBoy:if u tell me urs ill tell u mineGirl:I<3uThe boy said thts mine2
I use the app flux like pomodoro: I turn it off when I'm designing. When my screen changes color after an hour I know it's time for a break
It dint be shit to do nomore this year already boring lmao
Almost responded to a comment on FB about the shootings in CA today, but decided not to when I saw it was by someone named "Boogie-Mama."
Its a shame how a person that so called loves uu , can try to makee uu feel so low about yourself !
"Home Sweet Home" would be something dreadfully whimsical to write in frosting on a Gingerbread House.
Alan Thicke has a black wife?
Don't be shy about your talent! WORD!
turns on #onceagaintwitterlessemily with her chapstick
I'm back ...& ready to sew
Girls think bout sexy just as much as guys do...if not more..they just afraid to admit it
Rahm: W/o cuts to pensions, class size will rise to 55. GA has done a lot for edu reform in Chi to match full potential of Chi students.
Good suggestion, read the #obits. i have list of top 5 regrets of the dying taped to computer.
One of the most stressful times of your life is when you are going through a divorce. Exercise is key to help minimize the stress.
happy birthday (: have a good one.
MSU vs. 'Bama bowl game had to be one of the worst games I've spent money to attend.
Jason Aldeans new song.. Fly Over States..
Always make a cut on a slant, as it exposes more stem surface area. To keep fresh longer plunge into water immediately after being cut.
been meaning to ask...have you read The Greyfriar by griffith? So good!
RT Was just on website looking at ugly christmas sweaters for like an hour, SO amazing. I want them all!
Feelin the new track man
typically I follow all those that follow me to include spamers and sometimes bots. I'm a twitter whore....
Ppl dying of #Hunger while others spend $100+ #Million for paintings at #Sothebys. Truly, we are a broken people.
End of labor day weekend and back in Chicago
Does your mom know you're a whore? Hm.
Drinkin Ol Grandad you got a problem. Woodford? You got a solution. RT : Woodford Reserve. I clearly don't have problem
awww:( that's so rude! Haha they should know not to mess with Directioners!
R.I.P. Whitney Houston
Yeah I'll play purple rain... but not till I have to take a shit!
So bored
1st ever Holiday Flash Mob fundraiser set to go off this evening
We would love to help. We just sent an email :)
yeah, Ill finally feel safe eating an apple. You'll know what to do if I swallow a seed
1000 ways to die? :p
"The clerics of age invented the binary counting system to remind them always that light and dark are present in the world."
cell phone super hot & is crumbling in my hand. concern my super power is going to be not knowing how to moderate the volume of my voice.
Intermission at 's "I Love You, You're Perfect, Now Change" at the Studio Theatre in #Carmel. Lotsa laughs!
Tony Lucca, i love you.
Happy Birthday Josie^-^
Just another day at the office tomorrow
Much delayed but finally at the Arab Spring Comference at Duke
I'm so lucky to have the best girlfriend ever, I knew right when we shacked and you swiped me that it was meant to be.
Not crazy expensive. OPI is $10 a pop. 3 colors plus a bag plus the profit going to Obama. Okay deal.
yeah it is, I was so excited when i saw her, it was like a year & a half 2 years ago
trying to
Is it bad that I'm starting to know 's choreography from his "somebody to love" video?
never seen anything like it. I'm done
couldn't agree more life is a beautiful thing and pregnancy isn't "dumb"
Joey moved to Florida didn't say bye to anyone, but left me a note and itunes gift card.
Goal! Now I'll bet the floodgates open for the Reds.
You betcha! I enjoy your wisdom.
Clegg: govt will seek to overturn Lords defeat on elected police commissioners in the Commons
Six days until pitchers & catchers report. ⚾⚾⚾⚾⚾⚾
wanna follow a fantastic mahomie follow now>>> ♥
I really really Hope that , , and can shut all these haters and critics up and these Indiana players
Working on a feature about my favorite venue, Turner Hall. Can't wait to see how it turns out!
Lazy Sundays are good for my budget, if I don't get out of bed then I won't spend any money
poor umpire How's Zimm liking the game
#lifelesson #pastor For every one person who lets you down there are 100 who don't!
Finally sitting down to watch the first four eps of Alcatraz. Thanks, DVR, you're a lifesaver... if tv shows were remotely life threatening.
So much for getting outta bed early today.
could it be possible that #TheCharlieDay is the lead singer of #fosterthepeople ?
Nope, that's a good one too, it just comes after: Hard Times '75 Big Easy '87 and Johnny Handsome '89
Yeah But Idkk The Status Of That Right Now
It's too hot in my house to be dancing lol *Rehearsing* for the Music Video tomorrow :)
undeniably... three hundred and thirteen percent... laced the fuck up...
Heart and soul poured out onto a piece of paper...
that happend at PHS when i was a freshman
I appreciate the follow, Ben! Thanks!
im just scared
uh huh no wonder you weren't at church today boss! Lol Jk Bossman! Service was awesome as usual!! God Bless!
a pullback? yes! 10-15%? possible but not likely given macro & technical precedent.
Achievement is taking the invisible and making it visible. -Tony Robbins
Buy some. I once refused to pay $35 to get some at a festival after I lost mine & the results were painful.
NYC > LA always.
lol at Sauce Lab! New recipe??
thank you all my training partners and Coach Ryan Mann
Listening to Mulatu on this rainy day in the big apple.
Come and join us today at Sergio Silva's #JiuJitsu By The Bay in Alameda Ca. The #Poke is ready to be served! The #Thaitea is fresh brewed!
I dare you to click my follow button! 143
Check my account..
love it!~
- that was TOUGH to watch. re: Jr's mom talking
hopefully we are coming to your city soon, follow us!
this fucking kid behind you was reading your messages..
I wish all my friends happy holidays - regardless of which they celebrate. So my tweet of 'happy holidays' stands.
I am back in contact after a week of liminality. I look on NPR anxiously & nothing has changed. Come on America, give me something exciting!
Happy April! I was just hoping our baby would hold on til its due date month. He/she did. YAY! Now my bunny take-home outfit makes sense! :)
Wow this is amazing!!! It's finally here!!! I'm so proud of you rockstar. Congratulations!!!!! :)
Well seems like he spends his time writing about working instead of working. Good work takes as long as it takes.
Now that is sweet...maybe you will "get 2" back, Dad's day is coming:) heehee J/K ...,that really is very sweet!
Be careful what you wish for, lest I actually start favoriting all your tweets and spamming your inbox with notifications.
Think i should do a Valdez look with my beard.
stop farting
little do you know, dogs can die if they get chocolate into their system! So...ha..ha...haha... :) *penis flip*
New Shakespeare Quarterly issue should be live on tomorrow.
so proud to announce as an officail WCG Sponsor!!
Oh Target you loathsome devil ypu
A very good way to get the weekend started.
tom, sorry to hear about the bug. hope you feel better soon and still enjoy St Simon's!
We are starting the day with 3,996 followers. Who is going to be # 4,000?
you are so cool! I know where you dropped it and cannot WAIT to get it. I'm in NYC now but I'll be in Denver Thurs. :)
You think they will sit him down for the rest of the game or keep pouring it on?
Scorzies will be available starting this weekend at the Cornhole Factory in Summit, Mentor and Boardman malls in Ohio!
14 more papers until I get to see the Avengers...
Evidently both Twain & Confucius both wrote "I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand." No matter, it is timeless.
I feel the same way with some of them.
Pilates is like fine print in that it's subversive and evil and you don't know this until it's. too. late.
great! I would be happy to email you over some information on Fleapay if you are in need of different systems in the future!
Thanks for including us in your #FF!!! Have a great weekend!
Long drive home to Charlotte. Some R&R is much needed!!
i wanted to know, so i would have a reason to move on, not to make something more strong.
Who's hungry? We're rolling tonight :D
Hope all you #chevygirls enjoy a great weekend!!
Get appy! The DealChicken app is here. Download now.
Might delete my Twitter soon... I will post an e-mail for all my friends. Not sure yet.. Still all fucked-up...
I never realized how tall Reno has gotten. We're standing in grandmas bathroom looking in the mirror and he's way over a foot taller than me
We're not suppose to settle for mediocre feats but Hunger and thirst for righteousness!!
HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE TO GET TO THE BAHAMAS?
big thank you to all the men and women of the 47th Ward Streets and Sanitation yard!
hahaha you didn't know that?!
Chickie and Pete's tomorrow! Then the #phillies game.
All our holiday merchandise is currently 20% off!
Someone asked why I was so happy today.... It was a teacher so I had to lie lol
Love myself some American Chopper. Discovery Channel always comes through
And posers on facebook using it too. they really ripped tumblr's copyright. *sigh*
chillin at my crib in my room, dumpin #KiD CUDi no class till tuesday,just work work work
Okey time to go bye
thanks for the RT. Hoping to get it running to demo to my boss' since they can no longer afford ArcServer.
“: Flacco is eventually going to find one of these receivers who are 20 yards behind the Patriots defense.”
our song! "Rectify! your need to be alive Satisfy!! my hunger inside parasite!on my minds eye who am I they say who am I???" -I am What I am
I'm obsessed with LEMURS. That scenario is amazing.
Dual Off!
Well we were driving to another piece of my cousins property and big boy here decided he wanted to be a Free Range calf.
Nice work #Rockies! 4-game sweep of NYM!
I see that you liked one of my tweets. Please try not to throw it away
Whats good! see you rockin your #MOMO ! Keepin it #radiationfree Looking forward to the album release!
Can somebody help me get and to follow me
HA! Total sarcasm from my tweets yesterday.
A beautiful afternoon, outside with a veggie sandwich, a glass of wine, & all while reading... #stephenking. My version of an awesome day.
thanks for following Matt. Wish you all the best at the show. Anything we can do for you let us know.
im getting a prius or smart car! its a recession and i nee to be able to afford a booth and bottle yup thats how i floss!.
hi pothole cousin why r u so mean sometimes
"Maybe if the Spanish hadn't wiped them out, the Mayans would have been able to finish their damn calendar."
I like this one. Great work!
yeah, it did. I blame the jameson that night
Made delicious turkey beef burgers and sauteed green beans. I hope agreed:-)
yup! ask why. RT Question what's going on and observe how others are using new medias
Another great day ;) damn I'm so happy and sleepy
I really have no idea on who steps in for Roger, hard to fill.
But it still seems a temporary fix. Fixing govt, while difficult, isn't unattainable. Better representation to start. Start local.
I had a great time thanks
just for the softball game Wednesday night
Hey cousin
We have a new server ready - vpn-la1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Los Angeles, CA.It's available in your customer area now.
I absolutely adore you and will do so forever!!
We have a friend whose husband is beating her what should we do? Madea before or after his funeral!?
i want a twitter best friend.
Where can I register for an event?
I love how my Daddy & my brother go around the house singing random Eminem songs all the time. I've taught em' right 😉
I bet it would have been better with me and JT
Wow it sucks being tested and put through the ringer. I keep wondering when the end is coming...
Small private universities are struggling financially, as well.
Help save the #invisiblechildren by making #kony famous-- and infamous, as he deserves. Spread the word!
You are very welcome!!
i weighed it and the eye-stabbing analysis of tebow that sportscenter covers if broncos win, I'm going steelers
Lmaoo this 15 year old trying hard to bag. I feel flattered.
. I don't know about you, but I keep Facebook and LinkedIn separate - personal and private respectively.
Thanks for words of inspiration!
Boys and girls, Twitter&FB aren't your personal diaries. Stop complaining about someone and tell them yourself.
Get ready for our WIN A DETECTIGO GPS EVENT!!
Wednesday afternoons make me very anxious for some reason.
followed! follow back? :)
Come back next year and win this thing!!! You'll set every single record and the money will be there waiting!!!!
I'm getting it after work today!!! Yay!
Amazing night. <3
Scott County prevails, 16-14 to advance to the championship game next week in Bowling Green.
Look out for more details on the upcoming MTTS 2010 season! The first two lectures will be held on Sept. 4th and 25th before the games.
RT : We're all calling it "Rebecca Black Friday" now right?
I wouldn't drink that coffee with love in it. #love=knucklechildren
Raleigh, NC. Miss you, Clarence. RT : where are you playing jungleland?
I am now on twitter !
RT : Co-Chair, J Pepper, introduced & Jimmie Briggs, founder of
Pink eye still
The screen is completely blank during the first look stuff, now they better fix that by the time #TheDarkKnightRises trailer starts!
thank you. you have to check it out someday. its sick
I did transfer, testimonial, and I'm finishing up on bandwagon.
OMG its so damn hot
Set 'em straight, Kenny!
Education is not the filling of a pail but the lighting of a fire. - William Butler Yeats
We appreciate many different types of art!
Louisville to the Elite 8!!!!!!!!!
haha!! I'm very excited to say the least.
that's sad
Are you not used to this chilly San Diego weather? A soft, stylish scarf from Cariloha is just what you need!
I have always supported measures and principles and not men
I have that as my bio on
Look what you've done.
what is your "go-to" workout for lower body? #kickboxing #running #plyometrics ?? Any of these?? We need inspiration!
Nothing says 'Spring Forward' like looking back. The Twilight Zone: Live! comes to ACT w/ Theater Schmeater this April.
What tools or methods do you suggest for remote brainstorming and idea generation? I'm interested in sync and async approaches.
I read that "Pappy Van Winkle & ice cream" and I refuse to be embarrassed.
looking sharp, sir!
At Starbucks with and we decided to start singing to
thank you!!!!
I have a high IQ, does that count for anything LOL
Big day ahead of me!
I'm back in the traffic center this morning, helping you get through your commute! See you on Good Day Oregon from 4:30-9:00 AM!
ur b-day is just a few hours away :)
umm they bounced of the ground you filthy whore!
Anyone in New York City want to catch a meeting today? I could use a good one with a friend!
Like does he have kids who goin now b starving? Is his fiance poor, homeless or something?? Like WTF they need money 4?
The MSU sportsmanship is awful today, you are winning, be nice!
From The Artist's Way: "Envy, backbiting, criticism, have no place in our midst, nor do ill temper, hostility, sarcasm, chivvying for...
#FavoriteLyric dick slang
to you as well!
quick update on the promo code, since we are in the month of May now, the promo code is HOPELOYALFRIENDS50MAY Thank YOU! :))
RT : #lodlam: 100 people from across the world. 21 formal spaces + many informal spaces. Great group for #openspace!
very macgyver of you. ;)
valid point. There will be "lets go ravens" chants the next time the Yankees visit.
When you come upon a wall, throw your hat over it, and then go get your hat. --
vitamin water can't save me this time.
Hyde: copyright, or copy DUTY? #SustUnbound cf. Pete Seeger's pre-emptive copyright of We Shall Overcome, followed by est. of trust
15 followers to go, and then we'll be giving away #FREE design consultations!
You is kind. You is smart. You is important.
Ok, time to check out G+...
Yes it is, JG!
Love is in the Air!!!
Nothing Stops Another Day.
We're calling it for Brooks. Results stil unofficial.
The commitment to integrity. Creating architecture of trust. Nothing is built and sustained without trust.
MSG welcomes home Liberty legend T-Spoon for her coaching debut on 12/9 in the #MaggieDixonClassic!
I hear you..
After battleing the fruit flys a month ago at the Arbys on Lafayette Road the situation is much better. Thank you City Health Department.
I agree and congrats on your work for hire that someone just tweeted about. good job!!
congrats to for 2012 james award for best chef southeast
She was talkin all this ish bout wat she was gonna do when we get to the crib...now she's asleep, I really handle my bizz! Not a song!
It's feasible for there to be a dance with life, a artsy response to its inbuilt limits and obstacles.
#TBT Friendchuck. Honk if you like turtles. Fuzzy dice. Piercings. Had so much fun today with
10 years vs 100 years of tradition....we will get there!
Damn that made me hungry
Whoa! It's about time.
RT : Stanton Social for dinner.... Quite #GOOD I must say myself
eating the best ICE CREAKM ever CIAO BELLA key lime graham Try it
Writing/Recycling a paper for tomorrow =]
I guess being a secretary didn't work out for Gwen. Badass career move.
ya!! lil bro Passed his road test! Now I need to hide my car keys. Sweet Brendan Farrell
I'm trynna keep a smile on my face
Ginger coconut roobios. Made with pepper, cinnamon, apple and almond. I am the tea queen.
Your only young once in your entire life, after that your old, then you die, I suggest you enjoy it.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed
MY DON'T TEASE ME BRACLET IS GLOWING IN THE DARK! Tell me I'm not trippin?!
is serious, man
Your technology is AMAZING!
tis a good morning cuz! So ready for the weekend. Wanna go get a new playmate...For Mamita that is...Pound, shelter or retail?
Tyra Banks on
lol thats what i meant haha today is going by fast I want school to end so bad!!
Thanks. Let us know what you think.
“ “ It takes a strong heart to love but it takes an even stronger heart to love again after it's been broken.””
That dog deserves a "no prize" T-shirt!
My father just said he thinks integration was a mistake. Where am I from?!?!?!
yes but I'm at work :(( “: Anyone wanna go grocery shopping with me right now?”
That would be fun! Right now we're downtown at Loring Park.
I got the job (:
BUT, I never did if they were in the stroller or a carrier & protected by clothing/blanket. (I'm a hippie, tho. LOL!)
There are several ways in which to apportion the family income, all of them unsatisfactory
OMG what is up with all the Debbie Downers on my timeline right now. Lord Women, I luv you, but Geez!!! LoL ;p
I'm trynna get on the "I don't like" beat. Yo! Lets get trill!
Justice James holding a sign about 828 broadway!
It's all creatures & #fascism w/Guillermo #DelToro: His #Pinocchio will contrast the talking puppet with the "puppets" of inter-war Italy.
Loving the Cali thunder!
We just got a new shipment of some delish cookies! We want to make sure to order everyone's favorites! What kind of cookie do you like?
What do you say? : needs to offer a tasting of dishes from this season of
You know you own your own business when...1 am EST is not even close to bed time. <3 working on !
Sometimes my focus needs more focus
If Bill Belichick don't want him he's not worth signing. say what you will, Belichick knows when to drop a player
I wish I was somebody special, special in your eyes.
Thank you Mark. I did! Wishing you a wonderful new week.
yeah. I understand.
In every girl’s life, there are 3 guys. One she loves, one she hates, & the one she can’t get enough of… & in the end, it’s the same guy.
Ew I hate materialistic people! It makes you look so ugly only a janky person would be impressed.
Seriously? Too tired for traffic!
This is fucked up, first Steve McNair now this. #rip Junior Seau
Wishing it is was socially acceptable to be naked on my front lawn
I could be on tumblr all day.
--namely because I just realized that I have an impending deadline and this week didn't help with all the internet/phone issues--
Lakers who?? What what happened to Lakers tonight?
no!! not you!!!!! ppl who act brilliant too often!
that makes 2 of us! Keep us updated if u know of any places. We'll do the same :)
Day 4 of at today includes the first time we are showing a trilogy.
mow it shirtless ;)
We're mobile & come to you!! Pamper ur baby & detail ur car!! Get 20% off any auto detailing if you mention twitter. Call (619) 928-4848!!
More athletes gotta be like and Shelden Williams. Fans love to get tweeted @ by players.
not gonna lie I might have watched a bit of the 3rd rerun ": successfully watched #RHONJ season premiere 2 times in a row "
these will want to be ornery, just to keep 'em going. let's hope. thanks for the positivity.
yes let's do dinner tho
I just won an iPad!!! The best model too! Thank you for the extraordinary prize at #PlateauInsights!
getting ready to give his presentation on disaster recovery and business continuity
If you're a math lover & baker today's your day. Happy Pi Day! 3.14
The Avengers was SO GOOD. Time to go see it seventeen more times.
LO Ya Sond dem (Jamaican accent )
haha well put a guy to the test and find out.
that's me and my friend were talking about! I would have freaked out if I saw it in person!
more tweets than followers
I'm so ready for another BVB album already.....! Even just a couple songs would be happily devoured!!!!
chase field stupid baseball open and close roof. So close! :)
Beale Street's done gone dry!!! DSO + up next!!!
thanks man! Some more stuff with her in the works
First tweet of the year!!!! Happy new years everyone! =]
Spinach salad, Quinoa stuffed peppers, porterhouse steaks
oh gross. Yeah. Poor Em got a funky virus with a 102* fever that lasted 14 days. Got over it and 5 days later got strep. Eke
Who is that?
watching baby boy
No one ever get's ME front row tickets to :(
Usually when ppl are sad, they do nothing. They just cry over their condition. But when they get angry they bring about a change. Malcolm X
Loved last night's fashion show benefitting the Fashionistas produced by Abstract Method Marketing!! I had a great time.
Sumthin Special in my life....
dennys south rules its,the pop! Represent terre haute!!
Call it "speed tourism!"
& we should get the youth of chicago involved. being a part of CIW changed my life & im 30+. imagine what it could do for kids
I know enough to know that your characterization of #Ward7 is inaccurate.
Save the Date: Certificate Completion Ceremony on October 15. RSVP today
how'd you know?! LOL. Standby while I get more info
One of our favorite bloggers is Melissa McEwan- Check her out!
And all of the languages I'm interested in right now would probably land me with fairly rubbish healthcare.
I prefer to think of it as an argument for restating the necessity of greater local accountability!
you and 50 go perform @ the same show so i guess thats means the beef go be squashed?
I'm sending prayers to all the teammates ! Don't let know one tell you what you can't do. Fight hard as ever! Don't give up
In any sports during the playoffs your seed doesn't matter it all comes down to how u play in general. During the playoffs everyone is 0-0.
RT : Retweet if you want me to follow you back! :)
User testing of UCLA's 3D software: learning navigation is a challenge for educators
#PassportDC was fantastic - Too many countries and not enough time!! Photos & Blog post to come!
A dozen roses: $12, a box of chocolates: $10, a happy valentines day card: $2, still having $24 dollars because you're single: priceless
Thanks for caring so much you fucking asshole.
where are you playing? welcome to columbus!
PIERRE is happy that tomorrow Union Station will be his destination. Stay hungry my friends!
@ haha good times! I miss you guys too much!!
Whoa...this email...on company time...yeesh...0_o
All over the place
did he already sing it!?
Giving back should be part of your plan for success. Helping others is not only moral, but it's the right thing to do. [AGE 414-409-7263]
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it.
is on twitter?! :o haha
Just checking out www.nimble.com as a socially integrated CRM this morning. Worth looking at.
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Zombie Nation RT : The welcoming committee misread memo. #WorldCup team was to be greeted at airport by CORPSES of families!
If you deny yourself commitment, what can you do with your life? Harvey Fierstein
flaky, smooth, bumpy, chewy, crunchy, toasty..... whats your TEXTURE...
That first line was hilarious.
We never actually grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
...long night, longer morning after interesting call from SKG. "When the mother becomes the child..."isn't working anymore!
Okay what would the boys say/do if I threw a pie in Liam's face ?
Peeling a mango, then will have dinner completed: Brown rice, baked mango/teriyaki chicken, mango-pineapple spinach salad. Yummylicious
Neither. Absolutely neither. I want fiscal responsibility AND social liberty. Nobody supports that
Loving Orggit's new homepage. www.orggit.com
Am reading "Bioinformatics for Dummies" and am not sure how this makes me feel about myself.
no problem! I love the updates 😉
Donald Driver needs just 42 yds to pass James Loften as the #Packers all time receiving leader. Does he do it Thurs against the #Saints?
on it!
some niggas lack creativity and call it "writers block"
me and sierra are laying in bed together :) bejealous
Yes! 9PM ET on TV! RT : Does 4th and forever come on tonight?
#2WEEKS till "iPhone" premieres on VEVO!
Off to school >
big things soon man! Very stoked
shutterfly is way too stressful!
Are you speaking today/did I miss it already?
Today is definately a better day than days past.. Hey.. All I can do is try.. :-)
I totally went back to play on mine yesterday for the first time in years
so like, am i the only one that will get on more often? :D lol -Dannah-
Yea I'm here. I won't be free for the next two weeks. Where does she live?
Hello, lovely people. :)
Obviously we are not happy about this and yes we are working to remedy the situation. Thank you.
New on Skype! I told u I was tryna catch up..lol. dutchessceo1
It probably isn't intentionally lying...just seeing the situation through rose-colored glasses
" your dreams are herby from this day on fucked" hahah i love kingsley
AJ Hawk cut by the Packers. Finally he can fulfill his destiny and win the custody of his estranged son through arm wrestling
Kenny #MacAskill, let me get this: Compassionate enough to release, but not enough to keep Megrahi from harm's way? Afraid of the appeal ?
Sure, leave me, take my heart and break it in 2,000+ pieces! Cut me from my insides out make me hurt make me cry but most of all take my <3
There Is NO SUBSTITUTION For Hard Work..
you want soul in your rock? devilridingshotgun.com
virtual school is never ending!!
If the SCOTUS upholds ObamaCare, there will be nothing that the Feds can't force you to do! - How will you like slavery then?
Do you all remember how Rocket Man goes? Let me sing it for you... Rocket Man burnin' out his fuse up here alone...
I just hit the Gold level with my Starbucks card. Mission Accomplished,
this is how you tweet
that's what you think!!!
Russell Stover or Whitman's Sampler?
he's come a long way since 2+2
That doesn't mean I can't get 1 of John 2...
RT : Vote in our NYC Restaurants Survey for a chance to win dinner for two at your favorite restaurant ($500 value) —...
I saw the show the other day, and I loved it! The show deserves a packed house every night.
heard you share a birthday with skj! Happy Birthday!
I hope you realize how big of a scumbag you're becoming..
That hurt my feelings.
Prince Sports declares bankruptcy
Today we'll be vending the Dragoons Car Club Nite of the Hot Rods at Riverview Lodge, Antioch, CA 4-11pm. See you there!
Oh i'm just gonna call my puppy birds for now on cause she like to kill birds.
Fill out the form to get started today and download your free copy of “How to Grow Your eCommerce Business with Inbound Marketing
Spent today at the Lex Farmers Market, Windy Corner Market and then for a story. Tomorrow: in Cincy w/ fam.
Let's revisit 'Strong Mind, Strong Body'. Have you checked your posture lately?
First off, I agree 100% that this movie sucked ass!
#walkscore And what does Minneapolis' look like?
Dog running east on the 290. called the cops & flagged them down but. Couldn't find him again. Hope he is ok.
Was about to start an argument with an idiot, but then realized she's do stupid it's not worth it
hey your like So pretty follow????!!!! :)
#LetItGo RT : What doesn't kill you makes you stronger only if you learn from it.
everyone follow ! go go goggoooooooo, they're very nice XD
So tweeps, thoughts on the #ipad 2? I Think they are holding off the big guns until the 3!
My energy feels so much better today! Curse the monthly sickness of women!
Met Joe Black, same movie, just told in the past tense #removeoneletterfilm (via )
MOVING BOX MOTHERLOAD!
a little bit, haha. why'd you delete your facebook?
doing well! How's your branch of family, Parents, Bro & family?
In Georgetown routing for my #Rams. People are not happy at Breadsoda, which makes me even more happy :D
Hi. I've been crying all day. I had a horrible day. And now i wish would make me smile at least..one time..
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased. It can only be accepted and learned from.
Sox are 4.5 out of 1st in AL Cent. At this point in season (early) that's not so bad. RV working out the kinks & learning his job.
u should check out the CHBC evening prayer meeting while you're there
Keep telling yourself that. :P
get up
haha if only that were true! I'd gladly exchange piano lessons for student debt, finding a job, never being able to retire...
Making some mac & cheese for dinner 
oh okay haha
i no feel so good....
Check out this really great blog www.myjamrock.blogspot.com and www.sexyshanti.blogspot.com :-)
The hardest part is not being able to express this with anyone
same here, kept 2nd guessing my tweets, lol.
This is late, but thanks for voting Chris!
No, just 6 wins
I've been trying all morning to find that out....do u know what was shouted?
You are never alone...
what? Shut up
Looking forward to MC'ing the Central Catholic Auction Sat pm...Sinbad will crack up the audience---very fun!
Thank Goodness KARMA'S A B-I-T-C-H.
It's so hard to think I would do something like that.
sheet music consortium, livingstone, valentines day!, omeka
Your legs are moutians for him, leggings?
Follow for great insight on the new Nike NFL uniforms.
She said I don't spend time like I really should. She said she don't know me...
#dontgetmestarted on why i love
Need ideas for your wedding? Join us on 6/22/11 from 6pm-8pm where we will have Abq. Wedd vendors, gifts and giveaways. Just RSVP 5058305782
Follow Lifer , Thanks for the support from So So Def !
Great panel on Social Media & Gov 2.0. Integrating social seamlessly into gov't via
He has great plans for me
Wow my God I havent been on Twitter in a month!! My lifes been blessed!! Back on track with Twitter!! God bless you all!! =D
thank you, Nicholas! Happy new year to you!!
wow...the city that?
Even with both my bags already full, a free & interesting-looking book is still cause for rejoicing!
And thank you for providing feedback. It helps us pinpoint the things we need to work on to provide great customer service.
the account is a scam, beware. << Thanks. Seems he already deleted that account.
OK I'm through w/looking up dreams. Dreamt I was shopping like CRAZY: "To dream that you are shopping symbolizes your needs and desires...
RT : Panelist and CNAS VP Kristin Lord: It is almost impossible to imagine cyber not being a component in future conflicts.
Ma faced is uh coupon.... idon kno dem but dey kno me
yes you must! Hes dangerously cute, watch out! Hes getting higher though come seem him soon!
I GOTTA BE YOU some day!!
spat, quarrel, quibble
I wanna be more like n have more of a fuck wat u think attitude
The most common signs and symptoms of disease caused by Alpha-1 are: Shortness of breath, Wheezing, Chronic cough #charity,
"Africa" by Toto sucked 30 years ago and it sucks now. Total abomination. Why any venue would play this trash is beyond me.
Hahahahaha omg that was funny. I hate it when girls think they're better then everybody and talk shit in class then the teacher ask them ...
it's incredibly distressing to see construction/process swept aside given the role it's played in emancipatory...
Shout out to for picking me up from the club in my own car
not at all, I hope.
Especially the Evolution theory for whales. Did you guys know they were land dinosaurs with legs? Now they're legless and in water.
looking forward to seeing you tonight!
Good morning Lucy! Sharon Jimenez let me know if your boss can edit Bring Hollywood Home video interviews with our supporters?
24 left I have 1.8 M at 10k/20k. Prob going to be at feature table tomorrow to direct right of 2 Million for 1st
I stopped and did the math: I ordered one shirt a day over the past week. Do you think Gallifreans make closets?
WHAT British pub food?! eats, breathes and sleeps Chinese! :-O
wats p.o.v?
So we're going bowling who do y'all think will win?!?!
Happy Mother's Day to all who mother -- those minding small children, mourning the loss of a child, or preparing for the birth of one.
MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT AT SATURDAY'S SHOW!
RT : Just got my application approved by Time to GTFO of town a bit more often.
you were the proud owner of a coke mirror and/or feathered roach clip as a child.
Good luck today, !
Hm Is statcount a particular ap? We just use bloggers' statistics.
The long drive home...so great to see some family and get some time to relax. We are back tomorrow at 11am, new special announced Sunday!
#1111wish to make everything better (:
YEAH WELL I DIDN'T SEE YOUR MESSAGE TOLL I TWEETED THAT SO WHATEVER GO AWEY
RT : "In all things it is better to hope than to despair." Goethe #quote RT
CASHER NHL HOCKEY: Skate to victory with the Chicago Blackhawks money line. Look for an easy 2 goal or better victory in this one.
Oh, oh, I can hear him singing keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart <3 rocks <3
She stood me up on christmas n i bought her a gift
Rockefeller is hitting all the right notes on explaining the value and necessity of the FCC's OI order, and on the absurdity of the RoD.
We may not have it all together, but together we have it all ; #12millionbeliebers ♥
at this point in the season, everyone is. I hear you, but only 8 points?
evidently you've never seen me at karate. They call me Ip Man... and if you haven't seen that movie, you haven't lived! ;)
/ Yes. Everyone has the same deck (for now). You're doing great!
“: U STUPID FOR THIS "DOWN BABY" TRACK” Lol appreciate it!
This KU-UNC game is crazy!!!!
I bought a bike! I used the bike! And, now, if that doesn't mean I should eat a piece of cake, I don't know what does.
"Good morning starshine...the earth says, hello."
Have a blast! RT : Southwest, free bloody Mary's, D2 Mighty Ducks on the lap top..The kid can travel a little bit, see you soon Boston!
Beginning of the end for Blockbuster? All in-store rentals now 5 days, then $1/day if late.
we r lost boys children of the night
What cultures have you been able to access through theatre that you normally wouldn't get to experience?
Daily quote...“Do it now. Sometimes ‘later’ becomes ‘never.’” ; )
Pleased to hear that compares himself to one of my dad's all-time-favorite Patriots, Mike Vrabel. Smart man.
RT": Every girl has that one guy she goes back to, heartbreak after heartbreak, she doesn't know why , but she can't let go."
it's cause nobody likes you......
Always enjoy hearing talk biz!
Not gonna lie I get a HUGE smile on my face when I see that Emma tweets me :D
shopping with addy and my mom(:
me too...-.- but i'm sleepy tho, so...i'm off to bed bye baby <3
... Your twitter name! I love it! :]
Dude, this is amazing
I can't wait til football season...
:) we have a girl, wife wants a boy, but I will be satisfied as long as it is just one. Lol
I couldn't agree more. God bless you and keep doing your thing.
as Tracy Jordan says - "Live every week like it's Shark Week."
The bird is the word
thanks so much for playing golf yesterday for it was great to see you!
Drivin home in a storm<<
are pissing me off right now!! Kobe needs to come back. The way were playing is bullshit!
Be selective, Be objective, Be an asset to the collective as you know you have to get a life...
TUESDAY - Robbery 1st Degree starts today; Grand Jury meets today. ABC's 20/20 is in town tomorrow to talk about Steve Nunn case.
How to be #Enchanting on Social Media: Be Likeable, Trustworthy and have a great product.
Good morning lets get the day started off right w/🎶🎶🎶
We added more relaxing spa music to our play list! Come relax with a spa treatment and treat all your senses!
RT - The Cleveland Indians pennant from Major League now has be removed due to Charlie Sheen's steroid use. Nothing g...
Thanks. I'm familiar with Others? Perhaps there is a story in next generation of academic blogs ...
So, I'm seeing stars right now -- no, I'm not watching TV. I was repairing a garage door, fell back, bashed my head on the floor. Hurts.
WHAT THE HELL are the #Aints MGMT doing over there.. How Do You Not Close The Deal With #DrewEFFINBrees #SMH unbelievable!
Another shitty day in a shitty life
Thats the closest 12 point win I've ever been apart of
No assurance
Sorry for the difficulty. Were you still able to purchase tickets?
I want to go to The Avengers tonight. Ok, maybe not the movie but just the red carpet, intro and q&a. I have a cape!
my dude, I'm DJing close by. Berry Park. North 14th and Berry street. About 5 blocks from you. Here till 4am. Holla!!!
MetLife re last weeks shoot for them "We loved your pictures from last week and definitely look forward to working with you in the future!"
2morrow is never promised, give 2day all u got! #Extrablessed!
Looking forward to again sharing the stage with and tonight in Dayton, OH at One Eyed Jacks! All ages show!
Ok baby I'll play in the snow with you
Thank you for another #FF!
Designing is just arranging all the things you've been collecting. Collecting well is kind of the thing.
yes, why?
I hate this
Time for me to make a new background cuz my current one I've had since xmas..smh lol
Not lovin that though. I would like to personally thank Darren McFadden for the loss tonight. Time for some sleep.
“: My 1st concert tonight. I'm just a little excited.” I'm just a lotta jealous...enjoy!
I've been at 18s' (Telephone @ Lockwood) past 3 years. Transfering to station 9 (on Hogan, north of downtown) soon.
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE 
I cannot get enough of I love them so much!!
He said, she said, they said, bullshit.
At Nottingham to see Snowpatrol with Thomas
Session done bouncing tracks getnit in blessed
A gale is a very strong wind= a wind must B2B considered a gale/U.S. government's NationalWeatherService defines a gale as 34–47 knots
Haha you have to when you drink wine or cognac. Otherwise you miss some of the flavor lol
2morrow get some Fresh Wisconsin Cheese curds straight from the Vat . It's been over 30 years ! Hurray !!! Love Phoenix !
We Will Never Let Justin Go <3
cool cool:)
isnt it?? I tell my grandma all the time that she needs to open a bakery when she retires.
what are you doing on Thanksgiving?
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success
if a real Bully gets in that pulpit
how'd it go?? Praying for you!!!
Who is headed to the opening party tonight?!
Stayed up way too late watching ESPNC air the 09 SU/UConn 6OT game last night, but it got me in the mood for #madness, i must admit
I want a follow pretty please
How scary 2 black cats just popped up in front of me...one at a time it was crazy
i'm scared shitless; I don't want go home.!
tks for the feedback! I agree..
I fucking love bambie! She's like sweet tits on my honey buns! That's some god T right there
And all that counts is here and now.
sounds like a case of Thermoplastic Attachment of Rhomboid Disorder Interrupting Sleep...
I'm not gonna know what to do :( FUF + Emily sleepover soon
That awkward moment when you realize someone was actually home the whole time you were singing at the top of your lungs.
I'll second that. RT : Wet giraffe is not a good smell.
Wait until those kids go to school. And you live in the city. And your zoned school can't support a PTA due to lack of interest.
I do agree. Good movie, good friends, good night
Wet dreams are funny. 1st U think U peed yourself but slowly realize the Sandman molested U. Now when his song pops up U can’t stop crying.
lol me too.
New clothing line coming soon "KRAZY"
If God had wanted universal health care he wouldn't have invented plagues.
You get a free bar tab, "I'm 21 and an idiot" shirt, plastic bday mug, oh, and all your friends get to make you puke. TEQUILA!
the sick part is that this has crossed my mind and part of me is elated.
Dance proficiencies over!! I think I did okay; definitely tried my best :) Now all I need is my voice to come back, otherwise I'm in trouble
thanks, lemmon!! i guess you can attend your work meeting instead of contributing to my blog. deep siiiggghhhh. :)
they're so lazy...
What If I die
anyone who sees this on their timeline just got a little dumber
I've done so many good deeds today
When students have some control in learning, they are more likely to actively engage.
Bored to Death is maybe the greatest TV show I've ever seen. Just, FYI, twitterverse.
in a Marxist society, people who exploit undocumented immigrants would be illegal.
Times can be pretty much be rough,but sometimes, when people you barely know thinks you can't do it, prove it to them. Don't just tell them.
can I have dibs if someone doesn't get their name in by 5:30?
I'm ready to come back to Indiana
Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as they please.
Spotted: White Jay in Los Feliz!
You're very cool. Thanks for the debate. You've made me reconsider a few things. Take care.
It would happen that I buy new suede shoes and it pouring outside
you got it babe.:)
The story of modern America begins With the discovery of the white man by The Indians.- Marshall McLuhan
looks like a game changer for Tarantino, we'll see…
With all the congrats going around I'd like to congratulate on a great weekend. Despite losing, he definitely earned many fans!
no i'm at drivers ed :(
Shhhhh! I'm listening to the at work. don't tell anyone. FYI, they went down 1-2-3 in the top of the first.
"BESTFRIENDS" a 11 letter word so is "BACKSTABBER"
Just sent an email about coming to dinner tonight if there's room, on the early side. It's a pot pie or die kind of day.
is happy Nick's team won the championship softball game. :D
Linear progression, a Platonic idea, is not the norm. - Taleb
RT : I'm driving to Mono Mills to meet local Liberals.
[ Wow. TY for adding the :D ] “: Good morning! Always lovely to read a little positivity on my way to work :-)”
Maybe I can scrape together the $$$ to go in person. Thank god #codcon12 isn't being run as one of those trendy unconferences.
dAMN BRUHH JUST GOT SOME BAD NEWS KEEP YA HEAD UP KOBI .
does this make him in contempt of the court order? (walker) resign. now.
Blessings Rasta..One Love!
and layed some serious humanities-GIS wisdom on my Rare Book School students this afternoon: thanks guys
I need a tub of ice cream to drown my sorrows.
Follow up work with - Yeah, man. anytime. I I'm looking forward the day we get work together.
Plaid shirt and Jean shorts. <3
Andrew Suniula is on for Paul Emerick
"I Will Always Love You" was the song that made me realize I could belt. RIP Whitney. Thank you for giving me the courage to find my voice.
When the world treats you like a hero, don't forget you could not have achieved it without the efforts of others. Jim Jackson.Houston
Walk freely and harmoniously on your path towards a life that matters.
You look marvelous, Jill. I, on the other hand, could loose a few pounds. I love food, though. Happy & healthy New Year!
lol the jets are so overrated..loud mouthed coach with a high profile qb. I give Rex two yrs max he is gone
Try to sample Truely great Colorado craft beer
#NF MA' U R BEAUTIFUL
Ha! Few in Los Angeles know what those blue baggies are holding, so I haven't had a problem.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
I love hockey who ya got tonight?
Peter Marshall~ Teach us O Lord the disciplines of patience for to wait is often harder than to work.
The vibes are all wrong today. Time for some wine.
Increasing elder care responsibilities is a critical reason for the need for workplace flexibility.
So close to #200followers ... AYA is on the radar!
I used to think lit-crit as detective work was a wanky description. But I am totally doing that with sentence structure tonight.
True. That
I'm not going to take it! no i'm not going to take it!
it doees! next time, come chill with us(:
: Please give me my girlfriend back.
Was excited about switching to hemp milk...until it curdled in my coffee
We're past 400 visitors! This has been a great morning at the Embassy of #Kazakhstan!
Thanks for the follow! Let it burn!!!!
this proves we're best friends forEVER
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you realize you still have 5 workdays ahead on your first monday back after a string of partial workweeks. :::ugh:::
My house is a musical playhouse.
"This user is saying very bad things about you.." I'm about to say very bad things about you if you don't leave me the fuck alone!
You know what's really awesome? My continued domination over you in our ESPN league. D-Train rolls on!!
Joyce's Ulysses: Someone should piece together all of the issues of the Little Review that contain chapters in
Just got to Bloomington, IL! Shout out to Fokus Firm reaching out to us for interviews!! It was a lot of fun! (although I was SO nervous!)
Life is one big shit sandwich and everyday you just have to take another bite haha
Did I hear 's laugh on this episode of Money from strangers?
happy where the hell are my wings day!
Work, work and more work! Making the money :)
still got it
'habitat' image in by Stuart Allen for Texas
MAX PAYNE 3 IS GON BE THAT GAME THO!
So glad to hear from my fellow #nanoturtles. Even with only 2921 words, now I feel like i have a chance! Go go #nanowrimo!
Ready for sbchat
Bout to hitta bitch
Extended restaurant week at #LaTasca!
has had an urge to go camping ever since she met on a bus.
you're welcome (:
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change. - Charles Darwin
#FF Follow - the ridiculously talented and better looking brother of
I choose rick ross. I just want to lick underneath his belly
So I'm guessing there's questions that need addressing, huh?
I don't think I've told you yet...BUT I LOVE YOU!
“ I'm about to handle Tator's lightwork 😒” hold up what that mean?!? Lol
Thanks cupcake! Have a super bad-ass weekend!
looking forward to see how well they sold!
Our plans miscarry because they have no aim. When a man does not know what harbor he is making for, no wind is the right wind. Seneca
I should of went to school but I ain't wanna see them bull shitty ass people
Posters all over South Austin car repair joints yesterday. Huge props to the gearheads putting them up!
I feel like fatass finishing this entire box of chips ahoy....
In all of NYC, there were 23,879 new condo units added at the peak of the market in 2006 & that number has since dropped every year
RT : Why does'nt have proximity sensors by escalators? <-- your common sense has been rejected by
U brought back Matthew Ashford,Drake Hogestyn &Deidre Hall,pls bring back Nadia Bjorlin.She ranks at the top with them.
I play this song everytime I go on vacation. Thanks for sharing.
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local shows.
has been boring lately. Same ish same bitching bout unequal rights
Neanderthal Sponge - I'm a Republican
but seriously you need some #HYPERCOLOR fabric
Great to see you today, ! You have the sweetest family!!!
Congrats to the , the & all Dynamo fans on the next chapter of #MLS success: BBVA Compass Stadium.
cuz u use a strap-on! LOL
Really annoys me when my friends don't tell me every little detail.
does your product do any keyword and sentiment analysis for recruiters to find *better* prospects or "passion-based recruiting"?
oh yeah I've been home bound
Playing at Hamilton street pub in Saginaw, MI tonight
Happy NY. Looking forward to crushing 2012 beyond imagination with both and
Ill be one of your dates... ;D
Rock and roll sounded forced and rushed initially. Now they've slowed it down to just the right pace
Kern: "We have to be respectful of the norms of a society while also showing learners how constructed those norms are."
you don't have to put on the red light....
Life is a beach im just playing in he sand
RT When I "Mad Men" myself it usually involves a 5th of scotch and a letter of apology the next AM.
Thank you! Could tell you were in alignment w/ it the moment I opened your page. You're doing beautiful things!
#Tolerance of intolerance is cowardice. -Ayaan Hirsi Ali.
Was there a poll asking Americans if we wanted to head into Iraq?We better be careful before we have to drop the "T" bomb on our description
RT “: USE YOUR VOICE!!! TUESDAY MAY 8 VOTE FOR TOM BARRETT #Retweet GET RID OF WALKER!!”
Welcome to all new followers Many Blessings to u all, love, light and laughter & remember, if you can laugh, u can heal anything. nitey nite
Guess I should start this reading assignment that I was supposed to read on the way to and from Cape
he had to be something like using a computer/phone or something. Maybe sneaking out so cameras weren't around?
Seems like there are lots of data calls going on. 4square seemingly makes a data req on each page. Saves data x-fer but feels slow.
#WaysToGetOffThePhone HOLY SHIT I JUST GOT IN A CAR ACCIDENT
can someone bring me a rootbeer please ?
sucks balls.
Dress shopping on Mothers Day--Priceless
Get on my level, son!
Overall, handcrafted retweets and FB shares are more authentic, meaningful, worth the extra time.
I think I may walk around after my volunteer session on Sun & see if I can find friends' spaces
"You can never control your problems, but you can always control your attitude & how you deal with it."
Looking for game recommendations for the Wii or Nintendo DS. Wish LA Noire were on Wii
be careful with our car.
Potty training the kid is turning out to be something of an uphill battle at this point.
I was trying to get UVIP to seattle but it kept saying no matches found ksjdalkasjdlska i will try again next week :(
Best wishes, my man. We're all pulling for your dad.
Why do all the housewives have awful nail colors?!?
got to get you in the next XPOZ issue !!
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand "Its gonna be very very very big"
Are you serious? was the most talented person in this whole thing. America is stupid.
good to know since we ordered one!
was pretty good in Jan ( but was in a Finds & FP a few times) Feb tanked. tanned
What is/are your favorite dance genre(s)?
Don't forget we're open til 11 tonight, come play with our monsters NOW!
I got you one follower closer to 1k(:
M, that's always good. Especially with corn bread muffins.
I didn't even see this!! This is great :D Would love to hear your thoughts on what I'm up to with !
Math Pick 17: Pythagoras and the Ratios by Julie Ellis, Illustr. by Phyllis Hornung - Middle School
threw fish this evening at
I just realized I utterly failed to make dinner plans for tonight in Montreal. Anyone want to have dinner with me?
