grats! is a lucky shop!
Extend the life of your car. Use your tax refund for quality cosmetic services like detailing, scratch removal, bumpers or dent & dings.
Accidentally saved over my roommate's #Skyrim game.
um...why didnt you call me and tell me about your first day???smh
Tweeting today from
#420 Happy International Pot Smoking Day to all u smokers out there!! "Roll it up, light it up, smoke it up... Inhale, exhale" -Cypress Hill
Social Meetup right now in Room 205. Stop in for networking.
I'm good at hiding pain even when I don't really want to
what was it like working with the cast and especially Tyler?
Tired though......
Tough loss Bucky
Nothing you confess could make me love you less. I'll stand by you.
First day of spring ball can u say tired as fuck
happy bday!!! may all ur wishes come true!!!
I wonder where that caked on make-up girl with the big puffy wig, , came from? The #gop groomed her tired ass really well.
Nyan cat for life .
Because she's too flawless...
I just got a letter in the mail from School of American Ballet addressed to "Claire Sargenti NEW BRIDGES BALLET" That's so official!!!
I Respect Women Who Are Quick To Tell Men,"I'm Taken"
Just waking UP! Good morning world, taking it with Sunglasses, Motrin & Water... Lol.
I just added you :)
Ppl are celebrating justice, not death. Chill with all that super deep nonsense. Eye for an eye. If u live by the sword, youll die by it
You can be my baby forever , you gotta crawl before you walk , comprehend and then talk. Wipe it off when you fall off.
Hahahahaha oh man do I love you
Oh! really? Until when will you stay in NY? That would be fun!
Be sure to
What's your score prediction for the Steeler game tomorrow?
Been sick all day amazed I'm still in 20k at 400/800 last level of the day wsop1500
Obama says women should be allowed in Augusta. Although in his 100+ rounds as commander and slice he's never played with one.
Session 7 Media's Keith Bolling will be heading down to El Salvador tomorrow. Stay tuned for some updates.
Semis forced to pull over on I 94 at St. Joe exit.
Off to Central to build the set for their spring show!
No Jax hail mary Glover Quinn!
Dark chocolate, but not white, can improve cholesterol and blood sugar, experts find.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Molly prob punched ya too hard in the face...happened to me about this time of year too :/
me too, dude. I'm poor though. So I'll have to download it next day.
Thinking about contrast of #patienteducation approach, methods and learning capacity w/young adult with type 2 diabetes and elderly patients
expects #Bourbon sales to continue heading north and is planning to invest in infrastructure to support growth.
Looking to kick start your community into eco-awareness? try cool the earth. Its free!
Cherry blossoms are already blooming in Vegas. It's a little unnerving....
I like forgot about instagram.
I did not!
what TV show?!? And CONGRATS!!!
Kathy is gets a rousing applause talking about how her son deserves a real challenge and a real chance to succeed
Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience.Victoria Holt.
I love you babe.
Today has been great so far!
Riverside wins in the bottom of 10th with a two run homer 6-5!!!
personally no; I would say you and your brand are classic, clever and creative.
My boy did his thing on the Voice
You got it! Let me know if you need a recommendation. That's what I do!
This moment was created by me, and for me...and it is perfect...no matter how it may appear.
I really really really want to see this
Oh man, me too. Whatd you think of their last album?
what is the age for your Friday movement show?
sons of anarchy.
Sometimes scheduling an exec car can be cheaper than taxis! Esp. during tourist seasons.
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 43
hey man I thought you had smoke beat I was pulling for ya! Great finish though.
A couple more minutes >_<
Hope you'll come back someday, on a bed of nails I wait. I miss your purple hair. I miss the way you taste - Our Lady Peace
oooooohhhhhh what you do?!?!?!
that color?
Besides horse racing and hockey, cupcakes are my favorite thing in the world
It's the equivalent of the music industry trying to fight music being traded. You'll never win.
tikitkitkitkitki i just cant stand it
all ill everything
Trey Songz new video >>>
#np paramore-brick by boring brick
"I don't want scrub!!"
people were at the damn park, LOLOLOL. And Troy wouldn't go in the dumpster... LMFAO
Pretty little liars marathon #ondemamd is awesome
mushrooms + bacon were a plus. I just expected more. Maybe I should gotten the double burger instead of the puny little one haha
I understand that she will be free to do whatever she wants to do. I can't be upset with the Jury. She has a Judgment Day.
Rockets gave that win away
I want to win a t-shirt from and
Random bachelor dads are convinced im the penn state pitcher. Have you seen my hand eye coordination?
Jets' Holmes finally holds on to a pass, but it's an important one. Sanchez is on the fence, but that drive was nice.
God forbid the ones who mix their metals. Gold ring(s), silver necklaces, rose gold bracelets
Yeah so what I just went creeping on ha
... I wish I would have seen that tweet earlier. :/ I was thinking of going over if you were home since I got out an hour ago.
The works of God are appreciated best by other creators. Leonardo Da Vinci / Be creative every day & get closer to appreciating your God.
Watching the first episode of Columbo on Netflix. Peter Falk looked so young in 1968!
That's just the way of life.
#YouKnowItsRealWhen when I let it be known that we're together.
Exactly “ “: Some girls just want a baby so they can feel loved..” or to keep a man”
Great! We love seeing the photos! Only 53 days until the Junior Clinic :)
Ah such a scary movie....
Thanks for the link to your zine! :)
Rank the teams in the AFL East
Reviews are big business even if consumer ratings of doctors aren't related to quality. Agree, ratings as a metric R flawed
I could really use your German brain right now.... If I had only paid more attention while you were studying...dang it
hey you
that was fun :D i am now following 500 people!
That moment when you know you would have aced that paper if only your dumbass had read the instructions correctly.
I knew a KELLOGG guy would turn them around.
WAKE UP. What you're hearing is not music!
Happy V-day! We're celebrating our love for singing with final prep for our Youth Choral Festival! It all happens Mar. 10!
Ask Mann if he supports gay marriage. MT : I'm going to interview the finalists...what do you want me to ask them?
I know, I'm fucking loosing it !
come over anyway silly. Lots of shenanigans to be had.
If Music Ed is for those who want to be teachers, why Funeral Services Education not a teaching degree? Why did they name it "education"?
Newt Gingrich, peacemaker.
awesome! Glad you enjoyed it :)
Just bought some food 4 a homeless woman....
Just submitted the final manuscript for my book. Glory halleluia! And yes, it's 2:30 am. I like to work til the last second. :)
last night.. the things you say when your hyper .. " im in a snake gang , i go yo snake wuddup yo snake wuddup "
thanks for follow check out #teamf2a & the podcast
It be cool to be the man round yo friends..but it hurts to watch the relationship fall thru.
That makes it seem like things are better now, but I do have fond feelings about the 80s.
I know:)
what about what guys love? "Good morning handsome made u breakfast" Lol
Grab your cloths hit the door go chill with them others girl that is why her weave stink talking bout some beach curls!
I've got details on the severe weather threat over the next few days on #NBC15 News at 11 (watch from your desk at nbc15 .com)
ahaha its ment to have torrential rain in an hour D: Argh!!!
everybody at my school are becoming mahomies
Depends. What are your concerns? I think it's rarely right for mobile, but view it as important for desktop/tablet.
SucksRT : Electrical component maker Eaton Corp. is closing a Memphis distribution center. Up to 47 workers affected by closing
but what if they do? Should they lie and pretend they want more instead?
Perfect phrase for a picture frame....Music is not what I do; it's who I am.
so, what's the haps? Looking to get on a bus from centennial; just wondering where we should atom the bus?
im not home yet...hopefully don't miss Justin performance!
*smiles* RT : We can add some Raysa-worship to the schedule of events!
-Going to Heinz field for the quips today :-) Goodluck boys and girls -Sara:)
So envious of the reporter who gets to cover Kim Kardashian's mayoral campaign.
Photoshoot in cleveland! :)) man i laugh in the face of all those that tried to bring me down. man God is so good!
Thanks for the tweet hope it challenged ur faith to new levels! RT cant put book down.Awesome revelation.
I like the new web player much better than old one but why not put Log Out first in Feedback pulldown? It's one used most.
Strand Events Today: Hoosier Dylan will perform at the Strand at 7:30pm. They will be joined by special guests The Complete Unknowns.
*In Math Class* Me:we're never gonna use this! Teacher:Math will help you a lot in life Me:when? Teacher:with basic things in life Me: -___-
Wanted to let you know that I have an excellent opportunity for a SharePoint Arch in New Haven. Know anyone? - Howard Adamsky
Certification that is -- ratification was aug. 18
Stealing raw pizza from 'Zaw is like sneaking into the US Mint and taking a roll of the fabric money is printed on
oh yea?! i thought it was a new song?! lOL
It's not the REAL Paul, people!!
Are you planning a CRUISE IN for 2012? I KNOW of a certain HOT DOG CART...
The only important thing in march in america is march madness so your 'march break' is foreign to me canadian
Watching Across the Universe on blu-ray. Looks and sounds incredible
#secretobsession MY BOYFRIEND ah :)
Just realized that I can never sleep in again D':
excellent point by re: charging for service/product rather than rights/permissions
I need to Hml ASAP I need to holla at you about this track I did to yo beat !
You can tell I like Ashanti right?
I am strong, because I've been weak. I am fearless, because I've been afraid. I am wise, because I have been foolish.
Happy 50th BD Jim Osler. GREAT 60's theme party!
i love you!
everyones flipping out over Jaybee &im doing my english notes...
um k I'm eating a sandwich do you want those leftovers too?
his advice should be to not make a crappy game.
Awe, Fisher. I'm so glad he had playing time on his first day. SO sweet.
Speaking of which, you're opposed to the Wentworth amendment, right? =)
No matter how bad my body get injured I'll be able to do what I do, no matter what situation I'm in
if you are about BRANDING in Southern Colorado (& beyond) get at me for the exposure you deserve! 719.422.3144 //
@ amnesia for Jenny Lynn and the Bstars!
Heading to the #Sox vs. #Yankees game today at #Fenway? Share a pic of the t-shirt or hat you will be wearing!
Is it frowned upon to try and convert people to bieberism?
But you can come visit!
lol when guys flirt with every girl <<<
I'm boycotting Brussel Sprouts till the Pirates get back into .500 territory! Then again, I never did eat a lot of those things anyway...
himself. And I took the phone and I was screaming and crying (the guy was my ex) I told him I loved him over and over again
Ah, another year, another week. Tomorrow is going to be a busy day...
Thanks Gorgeous!
I want some Mr. Dans for breakfast but dont wanna drive
Thanks for the follow, your name came up yesterday #WRA convention met someone who works for you
should have put her in an
Our society is "more accepting of gratuitous violence than non-gratuitous sex"-> Eric Luper
About to test out one of my new toys!! Gonna wear one of my hyperwear weight vests on my 3 mile run (vest is 10lbs). Will post results soon!
RT Struggle breeds hustlers. Period.
Oh, if only we could watch Sherlock together...
Because some days you just need to jam out to "Big Girls Don't Cry" by Fergie.
Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement. - Henry Ford ,
Cant believe They actually killed KLAUS but I think he is still alive cuz he is unkillable and he too hotto die : )
Not having enough caffeine leads to major emotional outburst.
the comments are even better
great performance w/ Little Surfer Girl!
Will do 😊❤ tell Alejandra I say happy mothers day as well! She's like my other mommy lol
I enjoy the fact that and I can recite Stepbrothers word for word, even with TV edits and censors
your column on says Bard got his first win......it was actually his 2nd tonight...
do you
I wanna marry a hot guy from Georgia.
Any ladies wanna call me
Completely #addicted to the app. How can I get myself some more followers?
That was a great game! It goes to show you, striving and competing for that extra mile can get you over the top; whether it is early or late
News should be free. RT Thanks for reminding me. I just "unliked" them on FB.
Double Ts on LBJ and Miller.
Just kidding! going out next Monday :)
I hate when my mom tells me things as if I'm uninformed.
Praying for Japan.
A genetically engineered (GE or GMO) product has a five digit code, starting with the number “8” (Ex. GE banana 84011).
Want to be sure my community knows Ace and Keith are for no party affiliation; we are for kind, forward thinking people who care about...
You know it!
Senate District 13 includes Watertown and Beaver Dam, WI.
Major donation - biggest in Scripps Health's history. Live break-in at 10:30am on KUSI then full report at 6pm
When you truly love someone, you have to be willing to sacrifice things you love. After all, the best things in life aren't things at all...
I moved Pittsburgh to WA 5 years ago. Love it and I'm not leaving. Expensive place to be a single mom of 4 tho!
Really liking Terry McDonough on Prisco show just now.
Just finished My Boyfriend Bites by Dan Jolley. You guys should really make that book into a series- it's fantastic!
she lives so far tho!! Like in Eastlake Chula Vista. but it was a fun weekend <33
Of course!! You're so very welcome!! XOXO
Fascinating TV watching Albert Breer reading off his iPhone live on NFL Network as someone inside owners' room texts him
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. Epictetus
So often we think of what WE can do for the animals in our lives or in our community. Yet they provide so many benefits to us simply by...
there food can get cheaper?
ELM tree of mastery. “: Leipold: Things we control: focus, preparation, effort. It doesn't take talent to do any of these."
Andrew Cashner just hit 101 on the Padres' stadium gun. Probably not accurate, but either way that's gas.
Just go die somewhere. Like, a hole.
What are these Mormons doin in my neighborhood? -.-
you know it! Lol
Ridiculous! Let #Bush #tax cuts expire!
Only road games I've been to are Atlanta and Jacksonville, which aren't exactly the most intimidating fan bases.
I've never been so nervous in my life
fantastic! Enjoy!
Woops, I meant to say "May 17" on that last post rather than "March 17".
I spent my day telling people all about fabulous BCB! It's official. I have the best job in the world!
I was good and bad, but never wicked
Exactly! It's all about relevancy. One man's trash is another's treasure. It's not ego, it's collaboration and learning.
Ive learned to not EVER talk to someone that fucked me over again.
Free Perry
RT Tough times never last, tough people do.
Awww that's so nice..yeah it's nice to have a reminder that tells a story.they are both in a better place than we are babe
Waking up and feeling like everything is PERFECT. Always a nice feeling. #thegoodlife 👌
Cleaning grave sites! Someone has to do it!
Ok..can we blow this open now..the Hawks want us to. Give them their WISH.
: apparently yarn bombing is the new flour bombing+glitter bombing. Had to google it. RT: Is there a flour bomb app?
Grams made a whole big dinner
😝The first few weeks are the hardest but you'll get used to it. Lemme know if you need any tips. 👶
It's okay that u cut me ur just missing out now I'm playing with a higher team
At least help me get to 55 Follow me,n follow u
Oh my gosh!! Made in Chelsea looks amazing next week! WHY DO I HAVE TO WAIT FOR A WEEK?!?
we won our first game... next game at 5... come to St joseph villa to watch!
Is Fred with you?
Good to know. That confession is not such a secret anymore. ;)
If anyone needs a ticket to tonight, get in touch with she has a couple extras!
I just picked a year lol. Regardless...
same here :) check out the sag website for legit agencies found some Good ones on there all kinds any city :)
Hot chelle rae is the perfect representation of the pro bowl.
nigga please whatever....You dont know me like i thought than..
Gonna call my future boss & schedule my 2nd interview in abt 30min :)
Visit Accurint Mobile to see #LawEnforcement capability at booth
Calling all #Ag friends: Currently a "test-tube meat" essay is winning in the "Is eating meat ethical" contest, please DONT let it win! ...
Just got back from Victor Goines Gig at the Green Mill! I sat in on a tune. The piano player didn't know the song...!
YES!! RT : Pretty freakin excited will be chatting with us for the July ! We're reading Gamestorming
Got my tickets to see in Nashville June 20! Third row!
Welcome, Judge of what is good and write.
RT : The dirtier the joint looks the more I want to eat a taco there. Interpret that anyway u like.
Last few hours in Beirut! Back to
Staying postive today :)
what us it going to be about?
Appreciate your down to earth qualities, views, and feelings. Too bad there aren't more folks like you.
... never underestimate those Duke Boys! Boss Hog and Rosco never learned!!
this should be interesting!
I'm glad you did.
ah, that was my second guess!! Something hip and happening to add to my daily articulate verbaige. :)
Whoops! My bad. But also: YAY.
Ill be there via cinema. From last years finale to #Phantom25 You ALWAYS amaze.
Why wont you talk to me?
me too, I just hate it now ;(
CONSTRUCTION UPDATE: Traffic backing up on US 26 westbound because of lane closure between Cornell and 185th
Thank you
is excited to see Alicyn Packard, Traci Stumpf, Aaron Foster and Kate Hendricks tonight at the Hollywood IMPROV!
Hey #BrothersFitzgerald, get off your lazy bums and pass this bill again already. Man up.
I may have a child but BITCH best to believe I got my own shit.
": just Failed my computer test" smh wtf happened
We're starting up a brand new day.
How does talent sign up for ??
A3: Careful what you wish for. Promoted tweets/sponsored hashtags bring out negative feedback and/or hijacking. Use caution.
Busy day at work; time to relax.
RIAA: Innovation is the Best Way to Kill Piracy - TorrentFreak
Attending Whale Days downtown with ! Should be a great day. Come down and check it out!
Dang I can't believe there is only 5 days of school left....wow it seems like this year went by fast.
is that in texas? Then to florence and I'm staying there
So I took a spin class followed by a yoga class today. Both were dominated by middle aged to old people. Why was I the only person in pain?!
haha "I do drugs"
Call my grandma and btw we wont be here thursday. We will be in Queens.
The Holidays are fast approaching! Book your appointment now to assure your locks are lovely for the season! 303-861-2333
well duh because your not annoying :)
how's Chi?
My friend is recording a French VO for a client-in the still of the night-wow is she great! Anyone need French VO talent-I'll hook ya up!
Happy Freakin Friday!!!
Yay! So nice to meet all of you kindred spirits who love to sing! Awesome!
OMG, so pretty! Dying for mine to come out.
Thank you for the follow too. Looking forward to your tweets. Have a great weekend.
I'll put it on my list for sure, thanks. I'm always looking for nerdy books to read.
Just want to see if I still have that morning anchor ability. It's only been about 15 years! LOL RT : THE...
Hos callin' my brother at midnight...but he's asleep so the whole house has to wake up and listen to their inconsiderate rings for 10 mins!
#MarryTheNightDay wii i love marry the night
Nope, my spring break was last week & I have Friday off this week, wbu ?
We can't get a picture of this Asian that looks like Melody lol
I bust thru my city, wit nuttin but my two fists... Put em up sticc em up.. Homie, Lets do dis!!
SNL: Best of Jimmy Fallon >
RT : Doug Collins on Game 6 must win situation for 76ers "Yeah, I don't want to come back here for Game 7"
just watched feed pizza over candle light. beautiful, man.
Salsa with a side of friendship; dance group to pay tribute to spirit, generosity of fallen friend
Christina Aguilera to perform the National Anthem at the #Superbowl! Must be because she nailed it twice last year at the NBA Finals!
Weed is all I need
Part of why I love is that it ties together books and music, culture overlap, much like conversation...
"Many of the great achievements of the world were accomplished by discouraged & tired men who just kept on working!"
Disappointment is destructive to the soul. Good thing it gets easier as you go
Patches welcome. :)
I think McDonalds and Easy Bake Oven food are basically the same thing. McDonalds just has a bigger oven to poison us with #IsThisStuffFood?
Hate subtweeting if you gone say some bout me and have a convo ..mite as well mention me ...Smh
anyone wanna talk ?
Lol my room mate is moving out after 2 months, now accepting new applicants aha
MT : Rabid raccoon reported in the Wissahickon - "bit a park visitor prior to its capture near the Valley Green Inn." Eek!
Do you have enough influence at Towson to cancel my #chemistry exam tonight? ;)
no doubt bro , your on the favorite list haha . Keep being submissive to the King bro !
Good no call
You need to be a physician. The machine costs about $90,000
I agree, but Harry looked upset while singing :(
why is the library so FREAKING busy today? not that i am complaining!
excellent suggestion on iPads for faculty question. I especially like the goals and assessment implications. Thanks
Blackberry is doing a huge multimillion dollar push for its BlackBerry 10 OS. Noone will still care.
can you tell what kind of gun that is?
ok. I was confused. :-)
Hey man, how's everything going?
ARTHUR NO
back right corner if you are facing the podium. I'm the guy with the bald spot! ;-)
Thanks for following :) xoxo
#askTaylor Have you ever prank ? If so what have you done?
Red Bull EmSee – DC
I saw a lady pay with food stamps at the grocery store while talking on her iPhone, MLINY.
definitely! :D
.... St. Patrick's Day Punch, Daiquiri (traditional or blended), Frosty Lady, Squall, Swamp Water, or Voodoo? Plenty of options here!
As a follow-up, while the Split Enz's "I Got You" video may leave something to be desired, I've got no complaints about its pop perfection.
I fucking hate this quadratic formula shit.
I ALWAYS win :)
lmao ah good job my son.. I'm proud of you. Tear. Lol aye ima swing by Saturday if that's cool wit you
Just found out baseball season has officially started! Ring the alarms!
Warren Miller is 2moro nite at the Schnitz. If u have tix 2 the show, check under ur seat. U could score a tix 2 the this weekend.
"Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality." ~Warren G. Bennis
GenCon is gonna be dope!
Yup just felt the OKC earthquake all the way in Dallas! Can't imagine what it was like being closer!
Just saw a woman in a business suit hock a loogie. Twice. NYC- I'm out. This trip is so needed.
yeah we do. I want to go out for once lol. Been way to long
Did everyone have a fantastic weekend?
“: There's been nothing playing in my house or iPod this week except The Band, btw. Just the way it is. #RIPLevon” Ditto.
yeahh i already ordered it. Shuld b here any minute(;
you didn't, then i guess the words out of your mouth to my boyfriend about my ex never happened ....
Today is the kickoff to a beautiful weekend! ☀
Thanks guys for your support. Stop by soon. Cheers
Oh LBHS, if only you knew how much I hate you !
How do you get to grad school?
Good Morning everyone! Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Girls night -A
First you drop it in the toilet, then you get pissed for about 3 hours and then go back to your old phone.
we're working #notatsxsw " Sitting in a hotel room #notatsxsw"
My lil girl think she slick every time I lay her n her crib she wake up but when she lay on me she bck to slp
living vicariously through my accout
*cries* I thought it was $15 million and she agreed D:
hahah thanks homie I am I hope you are too
Being famous at the nail salon for the designs I used to get >
Capping off today with the Hash episode of Barney Miller. Oh yes, I am.
awesome lol": SPOILER ALERT: For those who will be seeing Titanic 3D in theaters... The boat sinks."
that awkward moment when you wanna say something but it's too dirty to put on twitter.
C'mon San Jose State fans, act like you've been here before... er, well ok storm the field, all 308 of you
ahh I'm missing out!! Make sure to join next week :)
IM SMARTER THEN HAYLEY.
Oops. I accidentally blocked u for a sec. Was trying to block a spammer. You'll have to refollow me!
Mentoring and Membership, Promotion, Diversity and Recruitment. Are you on either of these?
hahaha me too :D
Would you like a photo of Alex Gordon for your book/website?
#SometimesIWonder What is normal? Than I bring my AZZ back to my #REALITY weird is how I roll
#ThoughtsWhileRunning Why am I running...?
But with my life, I think my wife is much better at that than me. -Cesar Millan
The only thing I know is that MCLA board had nothing to do with final decision to close down Collegelax
thx for the follow. I'm a fan thank you for all ur amazing music
let's hear 3 things about you ...!
The 2012 Kickoff & Awards is about to begin
RIP to Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes <3 it's been 10 years..smh
RT Defending my hypothesis that Ken Lay faked his death. [OMG my professor said the same thing last year!!]
I know. I was there last night. :)
I want ramen noodles.!:o
valenites day is not about having a man its about speding time with people u love yur not forever alone <3
What's with all the smoke??
About to eat dinner and suddenly lost my appetite #obeseandexpecting #tlc a 7 mile run is sounding amazing ....
What if rappers rapped about nice things? Its like,"GIRL IMA TAKE UR CLOTHES OFF &...give them to that homeless person because he's cold."
Home about to take a shower I feel so dirty
Loving the icon <3 :)
figured you would lol
so I have a hard time making sure I took the correct classes.
RT : Ok everybody, if we get over 300 followers by 1pm tomorrow, then I will take two of you to a lunch next week. Sound good?
link doesn't work. Please fix and resend to me and I'll tweet it. Thanks.
I'm done with you.
One day soon I'm gonna be up there totally shredding the mountain with you :)
nah! Doesn't work!
“: Byog ... Bring your own gay” hagget
Thanks so much ISV for the retweet. Happy Wednesday :)
you unknowingly put your life, your heart into the palm of another's hands and saying, here do what you will
mouth full of kush
do u know I was just about to email you about that!! Lol
Linger until you have missiles (press, fans, a good recording) before contacting anyone
that is quite cool.
The last thing on is usually the first thing noticed. So mind the details instead of throwing together the main parts of your outfit.
Still hardware hacking, but building a new startup on top of Singly first, then sensor integration into it for second phase. :)
You better not be!
Reason #8 to join www.DatingChicagoland.com: Exclusive compatibility matching system with all of our members in the Chicagoland area.
Andrea, Check out our store! Shirts and stickers for everyone!
U dont have to follow everyone else , jus b urself and no one will ever know the difference! But you can also make a diff.. Think bout it ;)
DO YOU UNDERSTAND IM TRYING TO WATCH 1D's DOCUMENTARY ON TV & LISTEN FOR THE ANIMAL THIS IS SO HARD! haha help!
Only if you are in a shoe store
drinking a big beer with my dude floyd.
ha, ha. U win twiterz and #stormchat tonight.
when are you coming to cincy?
not sure from where he came but we saw him at about state and ohio. He was carrying it in a bag whatever it was.
If he ain't here, I just can't breathe.
#Flyers and #Pens rivalry is way better the #Caps rivalry with #Pens... What a game!
Great dance video submitted for #TwitterMovie Loved your (squirrels in the park) idea! =D
I always thought Ibanez looked like how aliens look in movies but as a human.
I saw a lot of my friends from Doha last night, can't wait to hang out with them again tonight!
At press check for Spring/Summer 2012 Collection Book!
ok my game plan, stay mad around people in my family and stay happy and cheery around... well anyone else 10$ i get sent somewhere else ;D
And for those that are okay with civil unions but not marriage, get over it. Why one and not the other?
After the Ducks game. Come have a stiff one at Exotica!!
The alma crew: ruthie, Sabrina, joe and nicole brought IT for valentines! Thanks guys!
If you missed the 1 pm show, catch us at 5:30 on Daily Talk with D'Andra and Dee!
Yeah, perjury would be a tough case. Taking his testimony as a whole, though, I see how it could be perceived as changing.
"What a goal by John Carlson, a good ol American kid who played in the OHL for the London Knights under Dale Hunter."
3. And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his own likeness, and after his image; and called his name Seth:
The cast of Ruined is amazing !! Yay for opening tomorrow night
Time for a ten minute break and back to studying! Chapter 8/14. Fuck. I NEED TO BLAZE THROUGH THIS SHIT.
I love thunder. My mom thought someone was on the roof lol
RT : And I DO NOT want my money going to the NYPD spying on Muslim CUNY students
2 shows already slotted for Jan 2012! hit me up for details and album soon to drop!
& what a party it was good people & good fun, you all are welcome back, say Thurs (@ Acoustic Thursdays at Peace & a Cup...
7 w. Monroe downtown phoenix
Major congrats! I've heard that Pittsburgh is a fun, gay city.
Back to Monday. Had an awesome weekend. 4 photo shoot in 2 days! Make it a great day people!
bs game
hey Aaron!! How are you?
Happy Birthday to my nephew Damian! You're growing up too fast. I love you D!
yes you can :)
Thanks mane. Just sent it to your email.
wow i hate atl the only florida dates they do are all the way upstate and during the school week.i was really looking foward to seeing trs
Poets in Preston Garden (Lower St. Paul and Pleasant St), Tuesday May 10th at noon, be there.. I will be reading a few of my stories.
We change, we grow up, we fuck up, we love, we hurt, we're teenager, we still learning.
RT More soul than a sock with a hole.
5-star bitch!
Sometimes wen u have a boyfriend or husband + acts strange + slaps u 4 no reason they would mean they are hiding one side of them u nevernew
new band name "tainted sushi."
yeah buddiee then we are gonna be making it rain at wsu hah
Women prefer men who have something tender about them - especially the legal kind
well you young whippersnappers be careful and I will see you tonight! Btw check your fb. You'll understand.
my mom just got me an autograph from AT THE AIRPOT IM SO HAPPY
Which earlier internet studies stuff aged well? Which hasn't? Off the top of my head: Nakamura, Turner age well. Turkle, Poster less so.
did you figure out who's account it was?
Thanks for the steady dose of BritPop...and the bourbon.
Pres. Peres to #miamimegamission - secret of Israel: Greatness is not having things but knowing how to use them.
that midday ritual is like the chupacabra.
Secret to TSA today was the pumpkin hat! Everyone was super nice and helpful. thanks!
It feels weird going to the mall on a week night.
Cebuana Lhuillier says remittance service overtaking core pawnshop business - GMA News
TCU is going to get banged on New Years day...
I'm going to sleep in then vote.
RT : #Republicans taking a "hard right" turn on social issues lately! Taking huge steps bckwrds! Is this the 60's?
i went to the strip last week and apparently it was " #NoAss wednesday"
“: But they are delicious. Yummy!” until you drink 12 of them
You make me feel so blah blahblah ;b
Good morning Q!
You're definitely going to want to be here May 19th! You won't find better specials anywhere else! More details to come...
me to me and nicky wanna move out there no joke and my boy jeff and jim bourhill
oh thanks! Do you like the "beats?" Cheesy but I think it kind of works.
shooting promo videos all day
i have been meaning to make a subtweet like this for a long time.
TODAY Oz is giving out FREE Mongolian Beef lunches to the first 100 customers between 11am-2:30pm. Hope to see you here!...
Seated, waiting for the main event.
Up your protein intake if you haven't already
On our way to Sarah's semi final Pro Am game @ PCC Cascade
What's good robin Hood!?
Comment the new pics:), No cross-country tommorrow:) Texts are welcomed:)♥. My whole body is soo sore:(
Welcome to SD! Too excited for the show tonight!
So bored need someone to talk to..
Im saying though RT : its half time and Bron Bron only has 6pts??? we can't be MVP like that!!
The only thing more expensive than hiring a professional, is hiring an amateur. ~ Red Adair
#failedvpcandidateTodayhostgigs Next up; LBJ on how to care for your beagles ears.
Tonight will be a lot of fun!!!
So sleepy :o
That nigga calling again! >.<
RT : RT : Looking forward to Guy Gecht and Frank Mallozzi's welcome and keynote session at #EFIConnect . Lots to do!
Boyfriend by Justin Bieber is stuck in my head
Me either! I think C is picking the wrong ones.
aren't they bigger than you?
Whats wrong with the Vault on MW3? I think after the update this morning it got messed up
"Where do they live?! Find them!"
In the North East(: hmu
A Solomon Grundy reference on Glee. Holy hell...someone just crossed the streams. Life as we know it will cease to exist...
San Francisco is not fun and fair and as mayor I will make sure the folks of San Francisco will be happy to live here ,and that includes th
Wow. The worst basketball decisions I've ever seen. Ever. In one night.
Hear, hear. RT : Here's to the well-meaning gatekeepers.
Beer makes creating yet another powerpoint bearable (home now, gave up on work computer, issue seemed to be with docking station)
Thx for the I Am Crime post! Are you coming back for Night Light: Multimedia Garden Party? Will be full of neat photo ops...
Thanks, but they are out of control.
Pianta: effective professional development for #ece #teachers can be delivered across multiple sites with consistency.
Amen, sister.
RT Have a few dollars to spare? Consider donating to your local animal rescue this holiday season. A few dollars go a long way.
Boring nights! Lonely nights!
Just took my morning poo. A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!
We ova here tripping out of dis shit
Why does the new Marlins Park have green screens everywhere? On demand special effects? Make Photoshop easier?
Thank you, Doctor!
Retweet!!!! #Made2Win Danny & Tony! Help my friends become reality TV stars!!
Can't wait to talk to my boyfriend on the phone :')
have a wonderful birthday :) !!! I love you :)
The guy in the picture was I busted him right after the picture was taken (sorry).
Does anyone know of a good allergist in Milwaukee? I'd like to see an allergist.
It was probably Kate who came up with the name -.- lol
Guess who's back on twitter????? Me : ) I bet you all missed Tara lei photography.
Htc radar :) window phone :)
I fucking left my comb nd my lint roller over there. Remind me tomorro to grab it.
“: Heyy guys!!!! Hope all is well love you..” hey Evelyn how is your week going?
happy b day my dude. b safe
Let's go Canucks.
I kind of love ! That is all.
RT: Go Colts!
Also, what? You don't believe in the gift economy or something all of a sudden? Heh.
The Avengers rocked. So much fun!
“: Keep it going, producers telling me we're almost there!! Tweet #idolbackstage”
I plan on road tripping out there next summer!
what's good
NJtransit.com site is down. Is it possible they let the domain expire?
#inmiddleschool I got to first base with Ms. Mumma.. accidently
That was downtown...(uh, no) Times Square!
Did you get my DM?
am I the only one that hears the term #BountyProbe and immediately feels #puckering in my pants???
Yea but i stayed in the locker room
It's all fashion and fitness shoots in October....
Sac fly by Duncan will bring in Santana making it 4-0 for the Tribe in the 8th.
TWEET & TREND: HappyBirthdayTillTheWorldEnds
When do the hawks play next? I don't have a schedule on me RT : Yup OKC bout to put a boot in LA ass
Wale tweeted that he did sell out the show.
do it
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
thanks I had no aspirations 2 write a mystery but this is so darn inspiring! I work with the org!
Call for papers for Exhibitionist journal. Innovative thinking on impact of econ on museums, exhib, devel. Contact me directly for details.
I should be gone but I just can't get enough..
Strauch: "Think about Traci Lopez's pain. Think about Manny Lopez's pain, Think about everything this family has gone through."
Special ed, special head. *Calvin voice* 😂
what's the difference? Preds either have to sign Suter by 7/1 or #flyers have to sign Suter by 7/1 should a trade take place.
#Adorable Did she get to zoom down the halls on it?
thanks for the RT! She was found!!!!
agreed but skills need resources to be developed and added. look forward to the post!
They must know lol
“: I hate it when friends change just because they meet new people.”
soft cheese....with a spoon
no problem<3
oh that stinks
Hope it rains today.
Nearing some milestones for #Spots & #Spooners (our users) and we want to say thanks with a free #giveaway. iPad? iPhone?...
I'm about to attempt the cinnamon challenge!!
That sounds like what I need! ;-)
Mahalo Joe! For the shout. We are serving too!
Wow Great quote it can reach deep into the soul.
Almost back to Orlando. Been an amazing trip.
I started at twenty minutes a day on the trid mill now I am doing a hour! I can feel the difference!
Do you see your business as a competition or as a tool for new creations and ideas?
I don't watch the NFL draft. I get all the picks about 10 minutes earlier than there announced due to
I know that records mgmt is only "archives, a little earlier in the life cycle." But MAN I'm missing archives lately. It's so much sexier.
Hi Dana :D Thanks for following us. xoxo
I would describe it as full of beauty and magic!
Jackson strikes out. Game over.
What's up with all of these #Yankees injuries lately? I wonder who's going to be the scapegoat.
Trent moms too funny lol
Love the new Target ad for Coleman air mattress. And the spring green velvet headboard. Watch! Cute.
I'll try to give a bit more notice next time... oops.. :-)
I miss writing. I miss the feeling of inventing new lives and worlds and dreams. I should work on that.
You may come up with two to three headlines that can be used via email, Twitter, and Facebook.
i want you to come to the voice finale monday but i know you have to work! :(
follow n list me also retweet this
the next person that start poking at me. #curtains. I wasn't that skinny or was I
yeah true we have our sides
Congrats to Prince Fielder, Rickie Weeks, and Ryan Braun on starting the All Star game!!
I'm hoping it's still legal to have Time Magazine's website in your browser cache.
Have you heard of "Brice de Nice?" Jean Dujardin from The Artist plays a surfer-wannabe from Nice. No waves in the Méditerranée.
Watching #thevoice and loving it! The show gives you that feel good feeling.
They'll be fine! Pugs are the most sociable dogs...they love other pugs :-)
Girl, it's all good for you! I am DYING for some red wine as soon as this baby comes out! Craving it actually :)
Very interesting. I will never view asterisks the same again.
So Willie Gay defects to AZ, certainly not the best corner, but a good 1
LA,CA- need models for hiphop video. Nudity involved. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
GM Kesha, I'm doing fine and how are you?
IT'S ON *Jawan Voice* :/
-love it! was just there.
I let my temper get the best of me sometimes but im not one to sit around and take shots like a doormat. Bigger things to worry about Evan..
New website in the works thanks to the fine people It's going to be HUGE!
Bill Donohue will die one day
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident at Brodie and West William Cannon
yea you know me lmao :$
SAT word of the day: perfidious (adj.) disloyal, unfaithful
that is a very valuable window. I heard about it last month... but I forget the story now :)
it will happen one day<3
I give you a 10 for if no other reason you didn't hurt yourself
you get to see the movies you want to see, and can do it on a whim. Its great!
You take on the responsibility for making your dream a reality. – Les Brown
Haha! I'm learning:)
Happy Birthday to an amazing singer, (:
we're having fun too. Made it to Falls Church & englewood, nj.
I think might have something to say about that.
ya sure
so do i. my hair seriously goes down to my knees.
#HowToGetRejected smell like you been in the desert for two months with no soap ....
All of the House Hunter type shows show people the master bedroom and tell them it has an en suite (pronounced "on-sweet")
– Ahoy there! Are seas calm and winds fair?
Pull up in the cut less gat cocked handlin business. Fresh up outta court and im right back on my grizzly.
i'm 1/2 through it...and so far I agree with your assestment. #FYI ...photo taken with the iPad....
Waiting for my coffee to be brewed.
<<<<<Stoned n dicked down at da moment.. thanks to
Cuban prospect Cespedes declared free agent Marlins plan to make huge offer
Watching my first NBA playoff game this year. Primarily cuz Durant and westbrook are sick!
“: in sorry you can't have me lol” Trippin. I can.! :)
can't wait for #thecuriousities! Will10am Pacific time work?
is hangin with my drummer on a hunt for the best pizza in hartford before out gig at the webster!
Is it that time of year again to clean your room? Haha.(: Oh, and you did a great job in the What Makes You Beautiful cover!
Oh, I know. But he goes from "not bad" to "outstanding" against the Brewers. RT Carlos Lee is not a bad first baseman defensively.
Who got a #xmasbonus ? Not me :(
Haha you're cute
Happy birthday!(: I hope u have an amazing day!
I Love Austin so much! SERIOUSLY ♥
cool what's your top 3 hero movies?
Are you kidding me!? An 830 start!? I gotta be to work at 9!!!! Looks like imma be late
OF COURSE. We were actually looking at dates. We can do a tinychat!!(:
I hope you feel better! :) xx
Glad I got #oomf back!
To have your work on HGTV..hm. I will give it some thought. It may be a bit, but I will put it on the list!
RT : Rick Santorum endorsed Mitt Romney on Monday night in an email letter he sent to his list of supporters, POLITICO reports
lol I'm not talking about you .. I love you pictures
Oh, you should be so lucky.
what up brotha!?
Hi there RichelFachrein
yes butt you maybe to far
Thanks you too :)
We are still answering all questions about #localization and #translation. Just use #Geek2Geek and our resident Geek will respond
Hey , where are your shoes?
My twin sis and I can't wait for the new season of Melissa & Joey :D Much <3 always!
Guys: If your wife asks you to get a full body wax for her birthday do you do it? Or do you buy her a hairless cat to play with instead? Hmm
Taurus~ What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?~ What makes you beautiful <3
Lmaaoo I thought about that! #DeadSerious But what if I don't get the job at the other one? Lol
The article database RILM is currently down. The problem has been reported.
Thanks John! I sense some #sarcasm in your tweet. P.S. what is with the egg avatar?
Hey, has anyone told you that you look like Jim Halpert from The Office?
At exactly which point do you start to realize, that life without knowledge is death in disguise
Lotto tickets and Popeyes...
I'm down for anything but casa!
kiss kiss
He's all,"I thought they could sing?" They can. Just not in that video.
why can't we have a 5th season of The IT Crowd??? The world would be a far better place if there was one.
That's been the pattern lately. Posey's ankle can't handle the extra strain of catching southpaws.
The hottest dancers of Portland will also be in the building!!! Thursday Night its going down like every night!
"Where ya been boi boi where ya been?"
I had a philli cheesesteak in pittsburgh, not even close #philli>Pitt
Mad respect! Poor girl can't survive on her looks alone! How awkward was that hug?
Grown ass men moaning while lifting weights! Lmao
I heard they might also sign perennial free agent Cassius "Cash" Considerations
Los #librotraficantes are now in Arizona! At weigh station. Hope all this knowledge we're hauling does not make overweight!
Nipple purse
I love the West Wing videos. Really helpful in keeping up. I would love to see more.
Don't eat one! It will have you in its clutches forever. Seriously. These things are crackalicious.
i hope so, the NFL did come to their sensus too
RT : That "hammer dance " beat reminds me of something I would do.
Bring a satellite.
Bachelor party this weekend, pig roast next weekend hockey starts week after that
Haplessness has made this one hell of a #worldseries game.
Good morning twitter!
DM me. Your wasting my tweet space. ×_×
u from cali?
Just got back from school :)
Great choice ;)
I hate your stupid, loud ringtone.
no im not
Our own Nancy Marshall is one of the celebrity bartenders at The next CAM Connect at Lily's Seafood in Royal Oak on Jan 28 from 5:30-8:00 pm
They are good! Unrelated - Can I get some more p postcards from you? We've been handing them out like crazy at markets.
There's not much time to get this right; but now I find; that's just life
Raise the debt ceiling. Repeal Bush tax cuts. Every American & corp. should pay fair taxes. Quit blaming Dems!
Girl she should have stabbed him. Why would you drop the knife back in the water?!!
Is that just a rip-off of ? How is it different?
Laced. Bound. Tied. Corsets on the brain. Art in my heart.
Whew times have changed!
Darn you- you have to be careful with those! Don't you know they're contagious? *yawns*
truth. We must get passes. What time does that mean I have to get there... 7? :/ ohman.
Lmfaooo dumbass 😄I went on sunday. But I couldn't go to the arena during the week because of work :/
Lets get 1k followers!
I've always wanted to be a Titans fan. Pretty sure I'll soon have a fantabulous reason to be.
Since it's Febru-any, can somebody please buy #MickJagger a sandwich?
No I can't dance unless it's slow or sad, To a song that's far less obvious. You're using me, do it slowly, Make it last until I have to go.
Bahahahaa oh wait, I don't get it.
thank's :D
waaat, how? Do you actually get to test on a robot?
The fact I have to buy a new prom dress <
Anthony Davis in the house at the
Look out #Whitewater, we're just about ready to launch!
So this hair is not doing it for me I think I need to change it :)
Of course, My Fair Lady is my preferred version.
No one was gonna purpose. I just thought of the idea. :P
Studio. Again.
NBA Fantasy trade deadlines coming up! Need trade advice? I'm here to help!
Laying onthe back lawn watching the Perseid meteor show with the girls. Best show in town! 4 great ones so far!
Good morning! What's for breakfast?
why are you being so mean?
haha you guys would :p
Preview TONIGHT, we OPEN TOMORROW! Come see Rip.Tied. @ freeFall theatre. March 16-April 1, 2012. Here we go kids!
#sschat My question is should it be just papers or essays?
Lets Go Greenbay.
Moiko Records Radio (Cohost): "Time Won't Let Me" by Phil Watson & Robin Lee Field Now Playing
sure thing..but you have to be patient becuz u know how u can be...a little antsy lol
i swear to god if a funnel comes out at any point...someones getting hit
Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian.
Naw, this is my other account that I rarely use. And I knew you'd say SOMETHING rude :D Yay.
Looking thru these beats
DEFINITELY thought the song was "Reverend Blue Jeans" in my youth.
Somebody text me bored
Daylight savings, y'all. Don't forget that shit.
calling around town to make a reservation for the craft party
Really?? That's so sad! What happened, do you know?
#schoolmemories thinking that and were dating for some stupid reason ? Boy was I wrong haha
Jessie J can sing! Just had to say that :)
The best thing you can say to someone is that you want to grow old with them
haha okay, so what day?
you are going into the Hall of Fame one day!!!!
ViaWest Expands Its Oregon Data Center Facility to Meet Rising Customer Demand
Harrowing adventures acquiring Diablo 3 Collector's Ed. w/ hubs. Goodness gracious, he owes me. Stressed! And tired!
happy birthday!:D
thank you :) repost it for us? :)
MIAMI - Treat yourself to Albita at Hoy Como Ayer Saturday, December 17th.
Really bored and i want to follow me RT : Hey wassup? :)
Thank you!!! It was a glorious evening.
More rain and cold, but lots of wine to make the day better! Stop by!
Pretty cool having come on the preview before #Avengers starts and they were at our #StPattysDay party!!!
Nose candy rain like Soul 4 Real RT extra pills! extra pills!
never again.
Good luck! What campus are you at?
Yea - I was thinking that Miami needed to get better. *rolls eyes**
RT Clients usually don’t care about creativity. They care about selling crap. Now go find a way to creatively sell crap.
this bus smells like
St. Drunken's Day tickets are only $20 through our twitter or through an RvD member. $20=Unlimited Beer! St. Drunken's Day Pageant! Games!
And when former Bush Boy Ari Fleisher told him 'good for ya' you just know his rich ass is one of them.
follow me back!pls!
I used to deal with a cluster of those for a customer of ours. Great products.
Josh Smith missed semi-open 2pt FG, long rebound goes to Ray Allen of #Celtics who is fouled
don't say hi while your in DC or anything.
Wow. This is a championship team.
I don't remember lol it was so long ago. I'm excited to work.
#1waytopissmeoff Talking to me...just generally
Finally talking to someone about doing a new Distortion poster. Long overdo.
Wade's kind of a punk. Didn't get the call so he pulls that crap
Don't get it twisted I might be following you on twitter but in life ima natural born leader
Definitely. RT : Absolutely gonna get my hands on one soon!
checked my sent mail 2 make sure the email i sent went out & saw 3 emails that I did not send 2 the same person so know i know y no responce
Killing Women in tech this week!! www.killingwomen.com
What's wrong with cloudy? :)
In the 1st draft of star wars, the Emperor was named Pearson.
Ain't nun sweet but the swisser.
I got ripped off buying a leprechaun costume. It have me the girl pirate above instead. How does this get fixed?
night twitterland people. thanks 4 listening to all of my rants n tirades. just at crappy point in my life but things are looking better :)
-- score one for the team --
Peace be upon you
Highlight of the day... finding out I get a Chef discount ! Love, love, love that store!
#onthelastdayofSchool im celebrating.. (;
Well, the Heat have officially eliminated the Knicks.. WOOHOOO GO HEAT!!!!!!!!
The words "you are phsyco" does not even cover how crazy you are....
oh yeah... then your phone broke.
im so sleepy today i just feel like passing out
Colon cancer KILLS, you guys. Stop sticking cigarettes up your butt. It's not worth it!
Makes u wonder about those 3 people. “: Just looked at my Google+ stream. 3 people on it actively. Awesome.”
no Dateline? You really don't know how to party
no problem, i dont even talk to him but good luck!
Next week at CityCenter: Book and Drive benefitting Children's Hospital of Wisconsin. Collection barrels will be in the lobby. Please give!
When you grow up, your heart...dies.
May 18, 1946- Reggie Jackson, MLB player, "Mr. October"
Our pleasure! Check out our music and just tell us what you think. It would mean a lot to us!
Shields needs to take this fight to the ground to have any shot of winning... oh wait, Boetsch just proved anything can happen. Nevermind!
oh im sure you did. or you were the one who was rejected....
I love you too... Same here girl
RT : The “K” in Kmart stands for Kresge, as in the chain’s founder, Sebastian S. Kresge.
Recycle RT : You think your shirt says "Affliction" ...I think it says "I peaked in high school"
These kids are amazing!!
Xavier hits 2 FTs to tie the game at the beginning of the 2nd half 32-32.
Grounded in #Charlotte NC for the night bc of bad weather.
Great timing on that foul
Ah the Friday drive to the office...
Journal article Review #1: Please cite my irrelevant paper. Review #2: I like what it does, but can it do this other thing?
same ol shit
Thank you!
10 seconds is about the time it takes 4 something like that to become HILARIOUS... or propell you into a psychotic rage
Still don't get why they chose Lenny Kravitz to play the most tamely dressed Capitol character on #TheHungerGames. Seems blasphemous.
Evidence: Pa. pastor punished for raising concerns - Fox News
Lebron is about to win his first ring!
Great find and tweet!
I applaud your effort. I will be switching to a smart phone next year, but I worry how it will affect my productivity.
It bothers me when people think they own me. Be mad all you want, I don't even like you. I'm not your "rebound." Stupid boys.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
Manufacturing industry will return to the U.S but not corresponding job growth. Cost-effective mfg. means more robots, less people.
Lol 25/50 broke (was created in case he jumped in, but he played 10/20 feeder anyway) game breaks but few regs still seated, Macaucomes over
thanks you to!! Ur gonna do fine!! Don't worry bout it :)
i just need tips on whats good to eat! i come to realize all i eat it meat
angie you r beautifully gorgeous
Your local record store might still be open. End of an Ear was packed.
Sysadmin is a very challenging job. I've been struggling all day long.
Beauty is not caused. It is.
when I was in kindergarten I said I wanted to be the pizza guy because it makes people happy when you deliver the pizza
Enjoying the fact that this is only my second flight from Seatac in 2012.
My pleasure, looking forward to tweeting with you!
we're doin really good we're actually planning a group shopping spree 4 some matching clothes..thank 4 asking
Subbu's book?
punk goes pop vol. 3 november second?! that came outta nowhere. sweet!
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I don't have the energy to exercise. What's your excuse?
Always trust your intuition. Always. ;)
same here, I'm thinking about it, how much r tickets
Hello! and I will keep the updates coming
lol shes saying bye to facebook then says she cant wait to see what the next lie is gonna be about...alrighty then.
please fwd to followers: post tidings of comfort & joy to #holidayhash, and you could have $100 donated to a charity of choice.
I won't give up on us ❤
Those secrets are crazy!
Locked out!:0
Well today has been the worst day ever.
twist and shout was actually originally a song by the Isley brothers...and that's the better version.
What a lazy day -_-
CAN'T WAIT FOR #51days I cried when I saw it on twitter
Something crazy.
With a loud PING the Garden thought the #Bruins tied the game. Not quite.
Gernter WILL BE there!
Really enjoyed #CabinInTheWoods...even if you don't like horror flicks, check it...not your usual story...
Thanks for the tweet!!
Aggh, I'm asking Marcos so many questions about Symphonic & I have like 2 years left..
“The same thinking that has led you to where you are is not going to lead you to where you want to go.” —Albert Einstein
WAS FUN TO BE AROUND!..i HOPE HE REACH THE TOP OF HiS SUCCESS...👍
Man, this is a particularly odd group on the 22 right now.
Anybody fancy want to win a signed James Morrison Racecard?
Thanks to all the callers and e-mailers who made tonight's show great! Keep in touch this week at or on Facebook!
couldn't get through
We must use time wisely and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right. Mandela
i zig while you zag. go see public enemies while i have pelham 123 all to myself.
it is we get so many breaks but a short summer
As a fantasy baseball team owner, there are few sweeter words than "six runs, one earned."
Abuse, reuse.
what time u workin out
[cont] and Malcolm's fervor stemmed in large part from his disassociation with the "idea of America".
Does Baylor not have anyone who can shoot an outside shot?
I've tried that. What happens is that the event becomes "Bob and still puts the location in NYC if I add a date.
Bahahhaha yes we should had
I'll punch you.
Good Morning... Happy Monday.. to ya all.
preciate it homey yeah you know we steadily working over here
right, I only know of one person who has actually planned one out but no one who has participated
I need 2 book u as a guest on my online radio show Brown Sugar N Spice...I'll holla as my launch date nears.
I better go hide then.
I told you I was a klutz. Currently icing my bleeding shins after a midnight run-in with a luggage rack.
Thanks Terri!
I don't want to get up early after a long night at work...Man I could use a beer or something a little stronger
Unfortunately we had a guy that used to write for us that believed that. He believed he could get guys back for 1 more year
check your inbox
Can't understand why someone you know you did nothing to stops talking to you because you told them you were interested in them!
who the F is YOLO? nvm
That is so not going to happen.
Seems difficult to find people on twitter. Found nytimes, bbcscitech, but mainly hit and miss...any suggestions for finding content sources
Super rad band I'm proud to work with. You'll love em. (that show was tough to get through though). xo
In Georgia. (:
Attention people who love to party , custom beer pong tables are being sold .. Msg me for details they're legit .
Looking for super bowl tickets to leave the big storm this weekend. Also heading back to cap hill tomorrow for foster youth program!
Yay, southern girl like me! My roommie from last year is from Dallas. She introduced me to these Philly girls :)
Why is it that everything breaks at the same time?
At long last, writing a freaking blog entry.
follow if u do u gain 1 follower and if u follow her tweet her ''swag''
Silver not bad either
You can't put a price on somethin lookin right. If they ask how much, tell em' what it's lookin like.
Up for an early jog then off to work
True. Scary how attached we are to these phones.
I stepped on tom parkers toe. Most embarassing thing ever. Can I die now or...
Crossing state lines momentarily. Putting in a little lake house time!
Love the message but don't pie the messenger.
y'all got band?
hell yes! How have you been?:)
yw :) not sure, but it's really interesting to read :) (that's an understatement ;))
Dinner time, alfredo with steamed veggies and green beans m
Strathairn, on the other hand, is ideal.
Good luck today and 👍⚾ Go get em boys!!
i did nothing wrong ?
wins 6th man of the year! That's great and all, but I think he's looking for another trophy.
Happy Birthday - a fellow actor from the US and very much inspired by your life's work!
I think I have an addiction to the website and their products.. I'm indecisive about which pair I want next.
people are somethin else. actin like you don't care then go n talk shit about it when I'm not around.
OMG! Don't even get me started about using technology to inspire struggling readers :-) We just bought TONS of iPads.
I love bullying my baby nephew around
Pass on the word bout my party on Nov 20th @ TryOuts. $10 cover & BYOB. 21 & up, dress code strictly enforced.
Yes I raise goats, is that not normal ? 😏
me llamo tommy and i dont know the second part
"Overkill" is another classic from M
Hey Louis! I eat carrots they are like mmy favorite food group! :)
It's just as well. Normal.doc won't carry custom caption labels. What can I say.
the guy's favorite team
Happy Birthday to Debbie!
Don't date a boy because he's cute, date him because he makes you feel special and because he's THERE for you.
me love you to☺❕
stop dming me with viruses and spam. yall are dumb as a 18yr old freshman
JUST SAW YOU IN A MOVIE WITH BRUCE WILLIS..YOU ARE FUNNY!!!
Time of night to feel very confident. Don't be stupid, get a cab. $$your$2012$$$thanks$$$you$$in$advance$$$
hey whats up have a good time today
had fun performing at the talent show!t hanks for the support
How do we cut through all of the competing "clutter" in media that our customers face each day to get their attention?
omg you guys
RT *looks around*
must be rent stabilized
Yikes. Stopped by the grocery for quick grab. Laughing at this madness now.
lol... rarely. Ull like my next chip update for this Wsopc main.
the subway song is funny. Lol
Doin' a little old school social networking today-- lunch with Carl Malamud and Mike Edson. Google 'em both if they're new to you; read ...
Let's go Nuggets!!
Good to visit an old workplace. Federal Communications Commission hosting issues briefing and celebration of Asian Pacific American Month.
Do you take good care of yourself out of guilt or the desire to be as healthy as you can be?
I feel lonely 
Truckin - I'm a goin home Whoa-oh baby, back where I belong Back home - sit down and patch my bones and get back Truckin on
Sometimes I forget the power of words.
What would you think if I sang out of tune? Would you stand up and walk out on me?
HEY GUYS I THINK ONE OF US SMELLS?
yeah I'm on here just tweeting away lol
lol there's an imaginary wheel that has the name of who goes out on tues. if it lands on you, well... lets just say good luck
Hitting Pay Dirt: Searching Across Bankruptcy Dockets is the feature article of the latest issue of Legal information Alert
Agreed. Playing with Photoshop. & watching Law & Order here. Good morn. : Why the fuck am I wide awake at 430 in the morning??
Talking to you and just laying in my bed!(:
skoool was fun today barley did work
Don't forget to check out our side projects!
big lebowski stripes and spies like us
“Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.” Lou Holtz
Is there vodka in that mix?
Wish I knew how to shape up my own eyebrows.
I would hope I'm right.
I just worked the word / (insert seven part word here) / into a haiku
You're welcome x
About to have an internship interview, pray for me please!
The BCS is an embarrassment. Without a playoff, Bama never should have been there. OK State or Stanford should've faced LSU
#Wed. #HIGHSOCIETY with Hosted By & Birthday Bash for at Club RSVP/Tables txt3235235851
"Nobody said she" (I) "had breast cancer". Sorry.Only said son was trying to get here due to my surgery, initially.
I have some outstanding offers on New & Used Cars Just call me at (630)969-3200
when u follow more ppl will u follow me?
We live in a world where being yourself is never good enough - you might as well do what you want, after all you will get judged anyway
- dunno about all that. How did you get an invite? Designer friend with a ton of invites? Maybe a social campaign... :)
My twitcon is in black and white, therefore I'm a classy mf.
what you mean
yuck! I used to work mornings but I'm totally a night owl ;)
That silver lining comes is so many varieties. Who knew?
Get noticed this new year! Your #smile is one of biggest parts of a first impression... make a good one in 2011: www.kravitzdental.com
Your House looking tired and worn down?Call Mr.D's we'll have it looking good in no time.Interior/Exterior we do it all www.mrdspainting.com
#Brewers look hot tonight!
still felt that way last week even though I have seen it 50 times. That last burst of violence at the end is so realistic
We're driving through LA on our way to Modesto. This is the life.
Got Big Heads...getting hooked at home.
Can't wait for the new season of Breaking Bad this summer. Best show ever.
I'm not shamed to admit that tweet made me giggle.
The lead game tester however would be testing the game from start to finish
I've added respectable tennis player to my athletic arsenal, I even own tennis shoes. RT Discovered I get the Tennis Network.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Tebow needs to throw the ball if he has any chance of winning this game
Off to pizza pizza, hope its open..
To all the girls I've lubed before.
Oh yeah! R.I.P. Mitch
The Best Beaches: Tripadvisor Announces 2012 Travelers' Choice ...: The Most Beautiful Beaches in the World. Need a little bikini bod...
It's not gay..... if it's between band members. xD the motto for almost every band i listen to.
i followed
#ThatAwkwardMoment is not your best friend!
Thanks! Hope to make it in the not-so-distant future!
Be an active parent and you'll have active kids. Be Stand Up when it counts, and they'll Stand Up... When it counts most.
Summer in B'town: "Goodbye, students! Hello, road construction!"
Glad to hear you like it. Not that there was a question of that. Let us know when u get settled and we'll schedule a trip.
Early morning work out then laying out all day! 😍
Two shows today, first CSU Pueblo main stage from 2-3, then Trinity Brewing co. 7-10pm
Hold on to me.. Never let me go.. <3
Tip of The Day: It's 3 o'clock. Change your underwear.
On #sportsbiz overload. So many discussions, proposals and decisions. Will need some time to breathe soon, but not yet!
Is ready for her inner Lucky Santangelo to guide her
Why do I have math for 3 hours.
Hair sex..
Everything recommended for me on Youtube is drag queens, gymnastics, and show tunes. This is 100% representative of my interests and hobbies
Jealous. I'm putting off my daily dose of eggs til later due to the unexpected influx of free stuff this morning haha
Busy day! #Indy is lucky to have people like you who do so much for the
Best adapted screenplay with TTSS, Hugo and The Descendants in the same category is the toughest to predict. Best cinematography too.
Kris Draper is retiring. Congrats to a wonderful career
back in the Chi office today. heading out to Brussels tomorrow night!
“: Just completed Week 1 - Day 1 (ran 1.70mi with run pace of 13:59 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app”
Leanne witherspoon. Please report to the info booth to reclaim your lost item
I don't even know why I bother telling myself I'm going to stay sober and go out...normally after I say that I blackout.
Terry Bradshaw pimpin #LSU's defense on Fox's post game show
Get @ us big dog so we can make it happen for yu tko #1 n the city for parties n concerts......
Do the Warriors also receive Squad 6 in this deal? I'm sure they have plenty of open seats in Oakland for them.
Thank God for many blessings! I can finally use my tablet again!
#DepressedAsFuck No promises I won't do anything stupid tonight...
enjoy DC...the monument I have yet to see, only pics, but I would imagine to be upclose it has to be arresting...enjoy!!
"I feel like an angel baby swaddled in a cocoon of cloud candy."
I feel like I'm always packing and unpacking, and packing again. I'm ready to just stand still for a while.
Lots of stills & video. Auto mode is awesome but still can't read my mind while my mind still can't run manual mode quite right.
Gus is going down
#ACRL Committee application done. #NMRT Committee application done.
OMG Where Are You??? Lol (: Your In New York, ah :P #YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE :D
Always been a HUGE fan of urs and was jw if i send you a jersey i have of urs if u could sign it so I could frame it? PLZ DM me
From the session "transforming museums"... Speakers recommended "leading change: why transformation efforts fail," a bk by Kotter
Maybe it's not meant to be for NOW? Like with me and Firefly (which I didn't click with until long after its cancellation).
Victoria's Secret
RT " I love so much she is my best friend and I would DIE without her...yeah." ;)
Speaking of the devil :)
Some friends who make big paintings have put dibs on the walls so I can show off their work. Will be fun.
HA! -.- lol RT : The day doesn't get better then this girls in mini shorts and playing football (;
the new ones are less than the old ones though. it doesn't need to be charged. Order # 105099597 from 3/16/12
yeah i hardly even watch basketball unless its Texas or Marchmadness
dont loose the way you dance around in your pjs gettin ready for school <3
