sorry you had to go back to Cali. I know its tough for you. Keep your head up!
thats wussup. who you working with?
Has a middle ear infection and tonsillitis. Awesome :(
The sunglasses
damn it! My clone has been revealed :(
I'll look forward to seeing you at the DFW Writers Conference. Please be sure to introduce yourself. Regards. Maya
IRA and 401(k) Retirement Drawdown: Just Tell Me What to Do!
Devils Martini Old Town Scottsdale Tonight 241 Drinks and No Cover DJ NYC bangin the beats...
Love the Gracie breakdowns. Please keep them coming.
TRUE friendship like love is unconditional, true friends never walk out, they stand fast and believe belief in another person
I would love to meet some of my opponents in Xbox in person!
#1DNashville let's go.
If you want to send it to me I can try it on adobe. i have everything on my mac. let me know!
Nice will keep u posted
versace shades no ray bans
I'm a crazy party planner. It's an illness. Trying to get it under control.
in a hour or two
Any #ExpressionEngine devs ever run into templates not being able to create text files in the template directory? then seeing a fileexists()
makes even a drizzly bus ride seem epic and amazing. If you don't own The Pursuit I recommend buying it immediately.
Hearts Natalie Merchant. Her 2hr 45min performance tonight was stellar!
What is going on in downtown DC today? K Street and 14th Street NW seem more awful than usual traffic-wise.
lol how do they expect you to get the money if your only 15 and can't get a job..
Follow Me!! Stop drinking. j/k
so golden and flow-y
Today's Lunch Feature: Dry Aged Strip Steak Sandwich on brioche bun, arugula, Truffled mushroom, caramelized onion & Brie Soup: Butternut
i was watching tv and nothing happened!
I hate dude lol
zero the senate or congress wont let them
coming tomorrow: a sneak peek of some of the amazing originals that will be in our booth during the Affordable Art Fair!
Hate the gym? You can burn about 200 calories during 30 minutes of active sex.
"Gateway Sexual Activity" bill, sounds like something right out of Bob Jones...
Ditto that one.
was quite excited to see the dogwoods blooming...just lovely.. would love one in my back yard.. hint. hint..
note to self: email The Vogue tonight!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Step one of stupidy: Realizing you're stupid. Step two of stupidy: admitting it. LOLOL. ~CLAPS~ 
You almost expect something like this from a Crocs/other dying brand... But Skechers? Come on, they have Kim Kardashian shoe!
Absolutely love it.
Gotta get back to reading with my eyes if I want to finish 13 REASONS WHY before my next update!
We'll wheel around a block of ice.
Thanks for the Twitter tool suggestions.
From ShootUsDown to #SaySomething he will ALWAYS be the same Austin Carter Mahone<3
Have a great turkey day everyone.
don't you mean sense?
You will fail.... exactly.RT : But if you don't adapt, you fail right?
thought moving to Denver meant no Eric Elkins in your life? You're wrong! My author twin lives there.
sup my love!
Good Morning!!!
ah I meant I say* not I saw. Haha oops. And yep, you are lucky to have one!
Danm i had fun downtown. me and Lup saw Nestor. maybe i will post some photosz later
welcome to twitter bffl =)
We thank you for attending our 30th Conference! We look forward to seeing you all a our #SLS2012 events! Check back soon for some photos.
A whole lot of fuck
my vague hipsterism (and thus collection of chunky plastic glasses) finally pays dividends. Good luck!
"walk and live, talk and bomboclat dead"
They are and you're doing great. You bring a handfuls of assets to the table. #canwestopnow?
I'm in love ❤
funny running into you at Starbrew yesterday. Looking forward to the 16th
Just found out that my aunt died this morning. Please keep me in your thoughts.
TGIF! & first day of Finals! Get out of school around 11 today :')
Small-business loans on rise - Chicago Tribune
goodnight<33333333 love you
Someone new talk to me, I have no friends because I smell like a fat man's bowel movements.
Mandatory dance meeting my ass
WOW I didn't see Kansas beating Ohio State. Props to the Jayhawks. UK v KU for the title. Who ya got?
Rhinestones:) RT Enter to win $250 + a signed case RT Polka Dots or rhinestones? Cutest cell cases ever at
He better not tell my coach
The Velvet Lounge is open, with plenty of seating for all!
followback Is an Hot account related to Watch porn ;)
Honestly, after a few hours of playing while only hitting one button to beat down people, it kinda lost me.
are you okay?
i cannot wait to move. just a few days.
twitter surveys LOL
I'm DONE TALKING!
just don't go!
the man with the evidence ... are you sharing?
Yes, it does sound like Senator Geoff Michel is from Edina. He just needs reverb and spotlights
thanks brian!
So go ahead and lie to yourself and pretend that you're a ray of light when you're a broken candle
I can keep you warm in the clubhouse, babe ;)
I'm not saying Happy Mothers Day to my mum right now because frankly I'm not too happy with her right now. Or at most times...
So excited about our Cougar Town Party on Friday! Would love if you could make it. We're big fans of you & the show!
best single of the world "Million Dollars!" very good miranda ;););););););)
Today was awesome. Two reasons...
Why is it so hard to be yourself? Remember you are worthy!!!
The First Woman Presidential Candidate – “Notorious Victoria ...
#locksmith I primarily work with high security cylinders, MK system design, developing key control policies, access control (stand-alone)
haha yeah!! I've seen em live several times now but it just doesn't get old. :)
Not sure of accuracy-Do know 16 unfollowed me after a quote about movies/kissing a girl-Ah well- It Worked for Katie Perry!
RT : RT to recruit 1 MILLION volunteer readers, tutors, and mentors to get involved in kids lives!
Why have I been up before ten every day when I was here 👎
Swipe up on 'Me' to jump straight into DM's on redesigned Twitter
hella silent in this room
#DaveyHavok is here at #Swingers in #LA SO TIGHT~
Taking the wife and diminutive dolphin fanatic to Sea World for a couple days. See you on the flip side - with some exciting news!
RT : Aggressive Michael Saunders caught in 2nd steal attempt, but take note he is being very aggressive
Wind storm and a lot of dust = hard on the eyes
It was interesting seeing Anthony Edwards with a full head of hair
it feels like our team should be better
yep! let's go!! #oneantwo :D
did you get the ten and are you still coming downtown
yeah she is pretty good at that. She is just kinda copying alice cooper. But who doesn't?
#NP Both Of Us 💑 Taylor Swift ft B.O.B <3
And that boys and girls, is why Craig Counsell is still in the lineup.
I didn't say anything about Carter... but alright.
Love the process of craft. Without passion nothing can truly find authenticity.
you GOT to look at my face all day.
:)currently awaiting to see my future love!.
I am a slow walker, but I never walk backwards. -Abraham Lincoln
Need 69 followers, but it only takes two to do it
Fox Chicago’s is covering the William Balfour trial LIVE. Follow her tweets for the latest updates.
Iraq, Afghanistan Vets Find Healing in Helping Wounded Warriors Five years after suffering a traumatic brain injury in combat, Chris Carv
Good luck tonight at brighton centre one direction! :')
good luck with that!
Who gives a care about crushes from school when you can fangirl over cody simpson and onedirection!
no problem. Thanks for sharing it :)
You do the same to me
check out new cosa nostra track by and myself.
I need a man who knows I can kick his butt, yet can still defend me whenever I need him!
RT : Jesus: Leprosy is a pre-existing condition (via )
Just ordered Leon Russell tickets online. He's going to be at the Brady April 14th for his 26th Annual B'day Bash!!!
and why haven't I gotten this video yet??
Looking forward to the finished product of
Check out my new blog site at brittanysthehelpinghand.blogspot.com
by : God love him. RT : Stephon Marbury is sitting on the floor in a bedazzled jacket and shoes that look like re...
What he said ====> RT switch over the NHL!
I love the AC unit
and he doesn't have the upper-body strength to get good positioning.
RT : Anyone get their copy of our new DVD/CD "Madness In Manila" yet?
we'd love to see you!
Fiesta Fridays in San Diego!
Following me will get you more followers!
Taking life as it comes is difficult.. I don't even wanna know what comes next =(
download it
is way better than jc. Shhh! Don't tell him(;
Yeah, he's batting .300 with nine homers. I'm pretty sure most couldn't do that at 18.
Wth? Every damn boxer is also a promoter tonight. Its like every rapper having his own record label
#Film productions spend $275 million and created 10K #jobs in #NC economy in 2012!
Um. just stated that "it's a poultry bonanza."
When are Believe tickets going on sale?
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!!!
My smile, it hides EVERY pain inside me. </3
any way i can get my hands on that Gully Instrumental w/o the tag?
Last time the History Channel, next month the BBC. can't stop talking about tobacco in the 18th-century British world.
season 2 premiere on tuesday.
hmm that's hard 😁😜
Hey suggest us to your friends on facebook and we'll post a new song :) once we hit 300 !!! Make it happen!
Follow --> We are committed to teaching a lifestyle of wellness empowered by fitness & nutrition
What Happend To JONASS On Disney One Day It's On Next Day Nobody Knows If Its Coming On Or KNows About It Please Reply
There is no #TheRealGSU debate. There is one GSU: Georgia southern, and then there is the little brother school who wants to be like big bro
is my new obsession. Great resource for finding substantive legal content!
Bhahah!!(: Yea soo what belieber base are you in?
GSN needs to show Match Game more often.
A Happy St David's Day to all our Welsh customers! Dydd Gwyl Dewi hapus, hope you celebrate in fine style.
woohoo! Happy Friday Danny
and do it again!!!!! Let's hope the judges agree!!
ONE WEEK. [commence intro to For Whom the Bell Tolls]
Hey, Don, glad you finally made it; although I'm a bit shocked it took so long.
let us list the ways brogrammers are losers... actually, let's not, we have other things to do today...
What about a good cocktail drink??? Any suggestion???
Hm, we'll blame it on the seagulls for now. Thanks for the heads up!
RT : JJ Raterink throws a strike to Marco Thomas... The pass sends Spokane off the field. Iowa defeats Spokane 69-63 in OT.
Dr Reisman is fairly hilarious & hits on many challenges w/CCSS in DCPS
New girl! 😍 #schmidtbaby if CeeCee has a baby I will scream!
Ohh, the symbolic timing of mother nature.
thanks for the follow seems like we have aligned goals! "changing the world one __________ at a time" :)
If you tweet 100 times in an hour or 1,000 times in a day you get jailed
I was born a dreamer.
Body feeling banged & struggling in math
Just hold on man. You have to go through the bad sometimes in order to reach to the good.
k, following you now
...lol that's cheating
One can often identify their biggest obstacle by looking in the mirror.
. Thx! Dickie white-washed you?! Oh, man! What a perfect #bullyname. My bully's last name was Butcher. Another classic.
I'm sick of getting my hopes up for nothing.
Thanks to Pastor Pfleger, Purpose Over Pain and Chicago churches for offering reward for the leading arrest for the murder of Darius Brown.
Im so proud of you
I vote this one!!
...If kid ends up not going to college, you could transfer the money from the 529 Plan to yourself & use it to pay for art school in Paris
RT : Ohio came in averaging more 3-pointers/ game than any team in Big East. Bobcats are 9-for-18. More than half their pts on 3s
Maybe .. code-block:: python?
Omg i just saw raoshon fagans aka 's new music video for disney channel anything is possible it was fantastic Retwwet this please
Sluts make me giggle ☺
of course you can ((:
smh RICAN that's not good lol
Digging all the #newbrooks posts!
congrats! So glad I could help.
i was supposed to go con tu sabes. : ( I'm sure you'll have fun though. Sounds up your alley.
It make wish strong, like ox!
hha yeaah!shes sweet! and aah me too.you have no idea.me and the girl are raising money for him to come to our bday party<3
yeah what did it say? when they shut you down?
RT : Just saw a QR code at #SexTech2012. Has anyone else used QR codes to reach youth? What were the results?
Good Morning :D
Pretty disappointed that Mr. Zimmerman wont be here next year. *sigh*
When to that show,The Promise,at Lighthouse Christian Church in Fond du Lac, WI last night.Fantastic as always! The story never gets old!
Awkwardly, Gap confuses making the wrong change with thinking change is wrong. Boy oh boy is this exciting! Get riled, people.
great to bump into you and Wendy at Enjoy your seats outside. Btw, love your hair pulled back like that.
Blessings, Hard Work, Integrity, Talent, Is How I build my business and my Brand. I am pleased and overjoyed to announce I just received my…
#Iwouldtrade this cold rainy Chicago weather for some California weather!
Sometimes u just have to trust me
But they have voice controls now! This is new and exciting... Right???
Do this around Austin and te water table goes up 100 feet. : How we kill water-guzzling cedar trees ://t.co/0K5nE1xa
honey your taste scares me
Me too! Let's go into business together! RT Airlines, let it be known I would pay extra for adult-only flights.
Listening to the #whitneyfuneral on my drive. Ppl are speaking beautifully #rememberingwhitney such a powerful voice and beautiful woman
Love it!
Are you all ready for the performance on July 29?!? Who is gonna be there?
Ladies, what do you think about what has to say about women and #business relationships?
Conservapedia for one loves to call atheism a religion. But I agree with you; it's useful in some contexts. For legal rights.
oh my gosh, no. And dont put his name on here xDD
I really dont wanna do anything tomorrow not even go to school lol
that's sad..
Thank you for the RT of the Junco photo!
Just interviewed Mayor Davis with the one and only He says there was no double dipping.
House party remix, take you home, and str8 like that go to hard
Discussion of using crowd sourcing techniques and tools in ancient text and natural history museum contexts.
You rocked it tonight!
Learn why SMO should be part of an overall SEO strategy (SEO + SMO = Amplified Findability in the traditional and social web)
One student in a Grateful Dead T-shirt today.
LGA > ORD. Talk at Northwestern tomorrow, plus panel discussion with and
we do? Haha on what words?
Hey, I just got tickets for the play 1776! WHICH REMINDS ME...
hope your host offers the same service. Was it a WP or e-commerce site?
They showed this guys penis in this movie i was watching i had to turn it off so quick cuz i was watching it with my nieces.
One of my students when asked how s/he felt about his/her grade said simply "bad." now I do too. Maybe I am a bleeding heart...
Love? Did you hear how she stalked him?
i only got where i am by determination and guts...you can do it too if you put your mind to it
RT In Christ Jesus, the law of the Spirit of life has set you free from the law of sin and death - Romans 8:2
Excited to host Boeing, the multinational aerospace corporation today! Our girls will spend the evening with female engineers
Home from Alaska...Now, if it only felt like home...
Suz's playing violin at #livingsocial 's after-yoga-wine-bar on F St. come get enlightened, then drunk
I have wine
I'm the same NIGGA that fucked you like I knew ya, and will walk past you like I never did!
it looks like that tweet went through via tweetbot. Or at least that's what tweetdeck tells me.
Foot fetish?
Casey Anthony bought the Casey Anthony mask on ebay so she can blame "the girl that looks just like me" #blownadvance #itwasn'tme #heridea!!
strawberries are here
#KeystonePipeline cont. But, it's either do the right thing and build it, or get hosed by voters that put gainful employment above politics.
Money first God above erything
how about a hint... it has to do with water.
Booking shows for the #Momentum Tour. Know a promoter who wants to do a show? Email at
I graduated in 1993. Please forgive me for taking so long to respond; I don't know the ins and outs of twtr.
Remember when the #iPhone app for #Facebook worked? Me neither.
Thanks for helping to make it so fascinating! Great group, great talk, followup to come shortly.
okay :) we still have to do out day trip to the shore ! Don't forget :)
Calling it a night all sweet dreams :)
Viola Davis is a true class act. She looks stunning!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, My soul, wait thou only upon God; for my expectation is from him. He only is my rock and my...
Done with Freshman Year 😏
Did you see The Help? The FFL is showing it tomorrow night at 630 as the second movie in our Award Winning Movie Series!
Very exciting for us to be here too! I've heard lsuch amazing things from #foodallergy fans the past 2 days!
The Lion King is on! The Lion King is on!
engaging talk tonight. One word: real. It was clear folks in ClairemontTC event were with u. Great storyteller!
follow back? :)
I just woke up super confused for some reason. Maybe because I never wake up this late...
it's not an interview, is it? i heard some rumors
Just go drive to like Cotixan or something... hahaha. are we LINKEDIN??! What year did you graduate?
the # of people im the mall is to damn high
The meeting of two blondes is a dangerous thing.
Im doing great I just made a puzzle out my ghostbusters shirt, i made no edges so it'll be really hard, thinking about giving
nevermind, no mistake. I still stand by my comment about sending out for more research though
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them
"...who Rangers were." -HA
Who u keep in it RT : Is it the smaller you circle is the less drama or is who you keep in your cirlce...think about it
Just fuck her like you miss her . C;
This might be a good case study for students on margin of error & polling - too bad I'm done teaching for the semester! :)
What April Fool's Day pranks did you pull today?
you guys are awsome the voice,guitar,drums and the other instruments. You guys are perfect
follow me plz my new twitter
time to take the racks off
are they bringing back football wives? i liked the show
We're not reporting any timeouts or downtime... where did you see this? Feel free to email support@ with more details - thanks!
Gunna make spaghetti & meat balls for mothers day dinner.
Love Aryz, his work is bigger then life, wish I could have made it to Richmond to see him work
We're trying to finalize our list for all the hot spots! Stay tuned :)
Big Island, Kauai, and Oahu
It's time. #ImagineDragons 🎧
Have some of you implemented oracle VM VirtualBox in your librarry....
Cindy Jones-Nyland joins Heifer International as new executive VP of marketing & resource development.
Today in 1940, RCA demonstrates Scanning Electron Microscope (SEM) for the first time.
SO DOWN BRO! #WeekendWarriors for the summer man!!!
You're the one who's been missing out on my brilliant tweets.
#touch tonight is on point.
bahahaha that's original.
140 characters... They can't all make the cut.
in my room. Family dinner here tonight. Not stopping him from lying there though
Rule 34 invoked: Vitamin Porn. "Those pills are just so BIG! I couldn't possibly swallow them..."
No snow just rain :S lol blah NY im not luving you right now.....
what happened to yall yesterday?
enjoyed our discussion. Will be fun to innovate together
Padgett Powell's most recent novel, The Interrogative Mood, is composed entirely of questions. Would you believe it is his birthday?
Teacher of the Year Prof.!!!!
Just like the alphabet, bitch. I come before U.
meetings with and in the next few days. Hoping to sure up some marketing and commercial ideas for ScanMan!
#BOYFRIEND is my most played song on my ipad! Love it! Follow?!X8
Extremely serious question. Anybody know Jason Segel?
there are rumors lakers want raymond and we want blake out there, I retweeted link which you probley have.
Will do! Will text you my Skype name once I set it up tonight. Have a great day xo
Gary Coleman Dead....? Whachaa talking bout Willis..!
L.B.Y.D = Live Before You Die
I need to learn to stop denying everything to myself.
has implemented even more spam controls to help guarantee quality registered users.
My hair is returning to red and my dad is gonna kill me but whatever I'm gonna YOLO it lol
Switch from cable to Directv and receive 5 months free! Call 1-800-39-3065 and use promo code 29055 to receive additional savings.
": We fight , we curse , we kiss , we hug , we make up , we text , we talk , we argue , we laugh , we smile , we love, that's us."
Not sure who came up with that saying :D When I see a splat of paint-ruining crap on my car I'm not like "Oh gee golly what luck!"
RT : Do something now that will make the person u'll be tomorrow proud to have been the person you are today.
on twitter men seem so different n wat every girl wnts to c in a guy they seem faithful but im not findin any guys like the ones i c on here
took me all day, but finally caught up on grading for my fall courses. of course more assignments will come to pile up, but
2 Months Left I Cant Wait, This Summer This Is Going 2 B A Gr8 B-Day Affair Thinking About That Cruise Hm
Paying too much for your phone or IT services? Visit us now and we can save you 30-50% on your costs. This service is strictly for 501(C)3's
is it happy hour yet? this day is going way too slow. meh
Week 3 4A and 5A Top 10's are now out. A new #1 in 5A. Find out who at www.ispn.tv
There is a religious exemption from individual mandate in the health reform law.
-|!-|_ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
You should've had it!
Hello Tiffany, I know somebody who can help you with marketing.
Waiting to hear if our offer on a lovely rental property in the UK has been accepted *bites nails*
Many things to get done before I leave for Texas tomorrow
lol im learning other things but those are the words I wouldnt say.
No, the abuse/auditions/Puck's exam episode. Songs and plots are just the worst.
We're in the midst of planning the WORLDS LARGEST SIMULTANEOUS FLASH MOB. Just send an email to for more info!
i wish i could find whoever elbowed me in the nose that one soccer game like 5 years ago. it's been crooked ever since thanks to them -__-
why the hell did my parents have kids if they can't even handle them.
The condom is the glass slipper of our generation...
Love you to!
is my new best friend- thank you for posting about my new vintage design blog! :)
thank you. It was great to meet you and celebrate the success of your book.
Tweet me :)
thanks for shopping! Hope you put the socks to good use!
yay! Good to see you yesterday!!
It's the weekend!!! Happy Friday to all. Don't forget to relax and to take care of your body :)
New clients listed toward bottom. Easy to get lost on such a text-heavy page. 'Member when all sites were just text?
- Rondo, CP3, D Rose, T Parker, Even J Lin when he was there!! Penetration kills any team. U know that!
did you know the boy that plays Cato is/was an abrecrombie model?
Gonna bum it to school tomorrow,
I definitely did
Think GnT:30 may occur 15 minutes early today ...
hungry...need a #vegan sweet treat
Looks like a useful and compelling book! I've already put in my pre-order. :-)
and that is awesome about PT school! Are you looking into going to St. Aug?
Looking at today to help me with my cover letter!
Haha good call!
voting for Lugar one last time makes more sense than for someone that has been endorsed by folks who have come across as ignorant zealots.
I want some cinnamon toast crunch
“ Ladies don't start fights, but they can finish them. –Marie (The Aristocats)”
Ryan Hollins What Else can He Do!!
I got 88 suck in my head
Why am I not following the Architect of the Capitol on Instagram? They're at USCapitol!
Stuck on research or having problems? #AskAQuestion We’ll be on chat from 8 am to 11 am and 6 pm to 9 pm.
You gonna look her up?
Ever wonder why we make up the voice our pets would have if they could talk?
Of course. Definitely one of the coolest posts on startups I've read before.
It's never too late to start exercising. Make it a priority and you'll never regret it
so i am unfollowing alot of my followers; my timeline be looking sick!
#Chargers-Dolphins officially will be blacked out in San Diego. 6, 500 tix remain
having a great day! Thanks for the b-day wishes ;-)
you not gonna slap NOBODY
Some men succeed by what they know; some by what they do; and a few by what they are.
Oh, u most certainly will draw a cat for me very soon...been figuring out what I want. : ) Thanks for following me! U rock!
Haven't been around that many kids since kindergarten! Good food, good company! Next time I cook & deprecate!
It's crazy how a life can change overnight.
We probably won't announce a number until post-game
Submitting tonight. :) JIT!
Canelo has been bloodied!
Bet the phonies will wear yarmulkes.
Awesome! We can't wait to see your smiling face :)
karaoke Friday!!!!
DING! DING! DING! DING!
why does OSU get such favorable treatment from the refs? It really is blatant...and frustrating.
nice car and nice rims... 😃
Wilco: Sky Blue Sky : If #phish was playing tonight, what album do you think they would cover?
it wont show me on my phone cause i have low battery. So i'll see em tmrw
HaHaHa!!! Good luck and can't wait!!!:)
meeting tonight at 7 in MGC 203!! come join us to hang out and discuss how awesome #SLS12 was!
May day rally passing through Broadway. #wearethe99%
ROB REINER HOSTS THE 2010 ASMAC GOLDEN SCORE AWARDS honoring composer MARC SHAIMAN Call 818-994-4661 for details...surprise guests!!!!
Right there with ya! This feels like June's market!
Don’t miss it. #Sting at the Nob Hill Masonic Auditorium on Friday (12/2 – 8pm)
A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty. ~ Unknown
Leaving Chicago ORD to Dublin. Eventually to Glasgow for
There r hard times worst times & really good times &I always say live ur life like it is ur last & always look forward to the good times
Alabama hot weather and black jeans don't mix.
I hope it's not too serious.
That seems a bit too extreme to be believable, but I can respect it.
yep you
This carpet is really ugly Whn u look at it close
Working on putting together stress-busters for students in the library during finals week. Possibilities: therapy dogs, yoga, free coffee
I'll *try* and wait patiently. Nitrous is looking very nice BTW!
That Kid Everyone Calls By Their Last Name
#Republicans in Putnam County, vote Parsons for sheriff.
Your pizza dough went out with the mail today. Have a great Monday!
I keep getting invited to parties this weekend, but I won't even be here
sure hope to see you playing in the Blue and White with Kentucky across the chest.
Ready, Set, Go!
what's yalls favourite song by Drake ?
What a beautiful day! Perfect for our Orchard Salad topped with crisp pears, apples and Green Goddess dressing.
#BuildYourFans A great day is yours to have. Don't give up your peace and remember to laugh!
Why are you such a whore?!
Canon spent $10M on their announcement, RED spent $450 and the rest on their camera. Which crowd would you rather be hanging out with.
okay we will be there :-)
you are my dream guy and someday ill say i do to marry you and lay a million kisses on you C:
#McIntireParkEast Concept 1: golf, garden wrapping around McIntire Road Extended, pool moved north close to Melbourne road
you sound awful. Hope you feel betters soon!
I'm afraid my loyalty to the Sharks leaves me no choice but to cheer for whoever wins the East.
Two years ago today how my life was compleatly different! Cant believe how much can change in two years! Its truly amazing
Damn then I gotta take a trip out to scarletts then
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves send me forward message
Just finished season 4 of The Wire. Damn, Luis. Damn, you were right.
just watch it!! :P
WOW is an amazing guy with an important story to tell about and
Man y I gotta be the early all the time. lol!
RT Lovie Smith and Julius Peppers spotted at the #Bulls game.
You don't have to be monogamous, but if you say you will then you should. Or just don't say you will. Either way. Don't lie about it!
So fun watching former Badger Greg Stiemsma find his niche with Boston. Stiemsma: 4 pts., team-leading 6 rebs., in just 10 min. for Celtics.
Just walked in. Laying on my couch. Good morning!
Not all skinny girls are cute,,,And not all big girls are ugly...
Mirror Mirror on Da Wall Who's The Finest Man Of Em All? Dats
Last class of the year. Wish I could take all four of my tests right now and b done
that's what's up....ahaha
i love Joshua's microphone!!
Looking forward to shoot this coming fall 2012. Anyone has a low budget horror short film? Hit me if you do. Thanks
Awesome sauce. Finally sitting down after a long day. Lots of chores done. Good to have things in order.
Greenwich Mean Time. It's the only sensible compromise.
Free Online Promotion For Musicians And Music Venues! We just added Esther Haynes to our site WOW what a voice! What do you think?
The dyslexic theorist suffering insomnia is still up all night pondering if there is a Dog
BEAST MODE BRIAN, BEASTED ANOTHER BRODY DUDE...
so true “: "every time we think we've got it all figured out we find a another peice of the picture"
can't wait until 2013 when fascists blame the deepest depression ever on a one-term President after the 28 previous years of deregulation.
I just saw that Mets message...and I'm still crying. The pain!
Fireside Magazine PDF looks fabulous. Can't wait to read--will wait for paper. Good job!
“The virtue lies in the struggle, not in the prize.”
Twitter is just a brain with 300 million random thoughts streaming all at once.
Being a non-trasitional student has definitely been an experience. My kids want to go to college already!
Good night twitterverse. Tired
Thanks for the follow, returning the favor and looking forward to your tweets.
then she gone be like my bank roll all big headed lol
My stream has been taken over by a
Chelsea for massage and drinks
Wd love to see someone address page limits vs labor as constraints for jrnls. Does scholarly quality *require* exclusiveness?
Don't go anywhere, because I love you.
A the football game(:!hope we win(:
Followed you back!(:
What would you like? #berightthere Happy Birthday!
its true I always skip them
Trying to get my kid's band to play White Stripes, "Seven Nation Army".
June 11th will be one year since our first #ProjectAcceptance photoshoot. :) I can't believe how fast time flies!
“: Happy Birthday!” thanks :)
Okay, now the drizzle has turned to rain. Goodness we need it.
Hopes you can come to UVa chapel at 7 to hear live organ accompaniment to Lon Chaney's Hunchback of Notre Dame!
-- El Salvador. This year. Me and you. Popsicles.
RT my post about donating for Pembroke Circle :) Le please!!
you still awake old lady?
How come every time I mention Justin bieber in my tweet someone mentions me saying "want Justin to follow u,here's how".......:/
GNR! RT Your debates so far? Meh. RT : Feels good debating sports early in the AM with people.
Going to Jazz & RIb Fest this weekend? Stop by the Vote For Columbus Booth and sign up to volunteer. Only 8 days until the election!
The challenge is routing - comments on taxon x matter to lots of people for different reasons. We should all chat.
lady at DMV told me my license expired in 2006 I was like no way
Thanks to our new followers! , , , ,
Electric Approach has the place hoppin!
At Grandmas(: . Church LAter
Oswald Chambers' devotional is awesome today. "Is my primary goal to please God or is it something less, no matter how lofty it may sound."
Who are your selections in Race 11 at Churchill Downs today?
Kaittt call me ( i miss you)
And he did, too!!!
You like deals? How about ½ off select appetizers til 8pm? Plus $5 absolut cocktails (ALL flavors) See you soon!
If had a #fashion tracker, I'd be fouling (same exact outfit last yr today). To Arlington! Big Q: hat or no hat?
A man had the hiccups during waking hours for 68-years. It's estimated that he hiccuped over 500 million times
Class #2111 enjoy your golden week.
Thanks, chica. Have a good one!
NFC EAST DIVISION CHAMPS BITCH GMEN
no...arrive too late at this point, should be dry most of the day
still up with my broski jazmen :D.
"Cult of Personality" guitar solo has to rank Top 10, no?
The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
want to talk with an EMAC MA student? Try (could go on)
big DAY
Thanks for sharing my taxonomy article!
Great discussions at the Governor's Education Symposium around all facets of ed reform. I am proud Indiana is on the cutting edge!
& Then Kenyon Dumb Ass Got Suspended Today .
will Melissa Leo swear like a drunken sailor again???
Listening to 's takaways from SXSW. Catching up on what I missed.
So bored :/ Dm me?:D
do you go to mount rainer and knew a girl that danced at allegro performing arts acadmey
Happy Birthday !! xoxo
Been playing so much World of Warcraft I'm sitting here on Twitter with my fingers hovering over WASD.. smh
Its wasnt even me! ahaha PRANK DIAL! :)
Oh, it's National Pie Day and I ate a slice of pie instead of dinner. My timing is great, unless it is Pi Day and I was supposed to eat 3.14
Do you know what I don't care cause my grandad is more important at the moment
good luck my love :)
nope but must add to my watch list
Thanks so much for the RT!
I need more followers tho.. Dang!!
She talk shit... Hurry grab a plunger!! Lmao
tweet me maybe<3
During the female orgasm, endorphines are released, which are powerful painkillers
Thank you. I think we'll be okay - they're not due over until 4, so I'll have time tomorrow to do stuff. I hope. D: D:
hold on~
True but getting there seems to be taking forever!
Kinda cold at the park.
Thanks so much for coming guys! Can't wait for our big busk dinner/meeting.
Daily harassment of office Red Sox fan? Check.
Making an instagram for Bryant was probably the worst decision I've ever made. >.< *face palm* lmao
Our work is built on the underpinning that the key to prosperity and accomplishment in today’s demanding global marketplace is best achieve…
was probably the one who delivered the Pizza to her
Happy birthday
Just walked past & team is still working hard at their desk.
fake people go fly a kite tht is all im saying honey boo boo # no fake people
Uh oh...the smell is wafting. is hovering. What scum. Get a job!
Sorry for your loss. Love the site, great job.
It's a different world. The internet changed everything.
City Center Tenants, be on the look out for Twitter contests!
Just want to give it the proper respect. Not to worry, alarm set for 40 minutes early so it can be watched & discussed in the AM.
I attended a really fabulous fundraiser yesterday evening for #breastcancer. They served #ostrich #tacos thats a new one for me!
Big thanks to
Had a wonderful date with and a yummy #latte at
Glenn-I am not a Ravens fan but sucks b/c Suggs is a guy I like to watch. Talks the talk but walks the walk. Osi Umenyora?
Haven't tweeted much lately, so here's an update: Merch is on its way, recording in two weeks, and a couple new shows lined up.
Thanks for the retweet Mr. Tea!
Where can I find a right summer jumpsuit??
want to know who's getting drafted next? just watch what the real bloggers tweet right before as still available SKC targets...
Nostalgia = Driving past OSHS at 3:20, waving at Bobby Monday, listening to Every Rose Has a Thorn, going to get food at a gas station.
i hate you all your moms a whore.
u should txt me!!!:)
hello may! 47 last friday! all is okay!
I need a drank... (Thinkn to myself) Maybe I hav problm!
That was fun:)
Well I guess it's NBA playoff time
Are you talking to yourself on Twitter? Should we be worried?
It's got hot sauce as a wing men.
church in the morning .
What a great way to start the morning, 1st cup of java and a shower to folow using ped. pal foot scrubby "WD, as in won't do w/out my coffee
Lebron James officially wins his 3rd MVP. No surprise.
that's Seattle for you. You never know
awww I love that feeling :) I get it every time I see Zach! He just makes my heart flutter and idk how to describe it lol
I'm sleeping naked tonight.
lls its all gone : /
lol that funny
I'd make the pun again Helen highwater.
If I ever have to use the phrase "that's the pot calling the kettle black" to you then you need to scram out of my life!
M alfredo blt pizza is so good
Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable. -Denis Waitley
Yes!! RT : I am the presentation. My slides are just my visual jokes.
Stay thirsty my friend.
I live in ny. Wanna come over to my housee??
Superb Quality
#NYGiants get the ball #specialTeams making the difference!
The Tigers are looking good but let's address the fact that we have issues with Fister and Scherzer. Glad we are winning!
haha. Hey lady!! It's been a while. How goes it? That can be arranged. ;)
How do the same people who defend the sanctity of marriage as being between one man and one woman stand and applaud Newt Gingrich?
4am and I'm on my way to JFK. Next stop Honolulu and my new home. So excited!
King of Queens or I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry one of your faves? See Kevin James tomorrow at the Palace Theatre!
Wednesday's Words of the Wise: "Work is the curse of the drinking class. " --Oscar Wilde (shout out to the 99%)
mT : Twitter is my teacher's lounge. Inspired educators with engaging ideas.
a hit song!? what's a hit song?
My imaginary girlfriend just stabbed me to death with a fork. It's my own fault for being so imaginative.
ok love, well be good, have fun on your trip, thanks for being a gentleman as always xo
is tearing it up this year, lions may make noise in NFCN. Can't let hometown talent like that escape #hawks #nate>housh
you ever hear the saying "a judge is only as good as his breakfast"?
MACK GONE B LIVE ALL SUMMER BELIEVE DAT
Same here, spent the afternoon w/ mom, sis and grandma... now I am spending it with my own kids (the furry kind) lol
Bitch, I didnt change. I grew up. You should try it sometime.
Awe thanks! it was fun!
how the hell am I a whore! Do you actually know what a whore is!? Because I'm deff not one!
I should have stayed in bed today.
Nothing wrong with standards, nothing to be persecuted for.
creepin on my tweets, I see. ;)
I need to write this story about the moratorium on water-bill home seizures.. but I just had a thought so I'm putting it out there
RT : I think we should take religion out of sports and put it back into war where it belongs.
2. you hardly ever tweet anymore like really
Golf on TV is 100x's more interesting when is playing, and even more so when he's in the lead.
I just walked n on 2 birds havin sex in Gibralter lol they was sqaukin like crazy lmao
I.don't think so Its not the money my teacher said I.have to come Friday for my test I can't take it on wen :/
RT : LOVE what I am seeing on Satellite. Clouds will continue to clear we will get the sunshine later this afternoon then...
I love U and John! Happy New Year! NERDFIGHTERIA!
Also, Elaine Stritch needs her own hastag.
"I can't swim. But I'm down for a waterbed."
YES! Been one of the biggest requests today. Listen for it during the 5 spot and thanks for tuning in, Lauren!!!!
it also has alot to do with what circles you run in. I've rarely seen many black women chillin at dragon con for instance...
#WeWontWork if your shoes are wack
And I'm the one that's changed. You sat in the car for 30 minutes. And didn't say a word to me.
#yee I've been waiting for this all day <3
I've not stayed there yet! I hear it's nice though!
in 13 hours ill be packing my car for a few awesome days with #TCIE for finals. sad but happy. nervous but hyped. bring it one WGI
Mason <3 purr
Woohooo! That thing is just dead sexy.
When school's in: "damnn it's Monday" When school's out: "damnn wtf is today?"
/stel412 new music! LISTEN LIKE AND RETWEET!!! PLEASE CHECK IT OUT ITS REAL MUSIC!!!
isn't that what delivery people are for? Lol just saying ha!
Writin' with my director session - work out session - writing again session. avocados maybe. who knows anymore. my days are so wild.
#dunkoftheyear Ok I can't say much bout this one.
IUG folks just made my day. A lovely librarian I've never met just CALLED me about my ? on the list. We didn't figure it out, but how nice!
Damn Ahaha , Annoying woman gets slapped in the face while singing. (who you finna try): via
Thank You Kim!
The 2nd bus comes at 9:40 just so u know..
I think I would encourage anyone who is having difficulty being stuck in the friend zone to watch like 3 hours of TV for women.
Join local author Carl Fisher for an American History: Snapshot at the River Park Branch on May 15th at 6:30 p.m.
omg in like literally crying I'm so happy, thank you so much <3333333 :')
screw it. i'll just buy myself chocolates for Valentine's Day.
hey, hello. love tilt and am gonna be back in LA this summer, hoping to catch some echo goodness with ya'll.
health. finance. These are foreign subjects to more than should be.
I wish they could bottle up inspiration!
RT : Daily Giveaway: Send a tweet using #RawnatureBodyTreats for a chance to win an 8 oz jar of my new Buttercream Body Wash.
500 Days of Summer before we head back to Miami!
excited for the show tomorrow night!
Ah I want a bunny so bad :( geeze how I miss my old one! :)
Out with my girls tonight. (-;
so you could stop and say hi! :) :)
Long distance relationships suck! My room is to far away from my kitchen...
Amen to that, my Dad was part gray by 23...I'M 23 OMG lol
Manhattan or Allagash? :) RT : Planning a #sactweetup & would be honored 2 feature your favorite cocktail or beer.
Some things you just have to do yourself and when you do! You will feel so proud over yourself! that's why I'm doing it!
Justin justin justin i love you so much i wish i can see you one day
yup :D
They change the schedule this week and next week and the days go by so fast omg
If ur thinking about someone else other than the person you're with you shouldn't be in a relationship then
looking for the best and most reliable web hosting company.
Presentation Training: be aggressive about your products and what you have proven they can do. Make me wish I had thought of that.
Welcome back! Looks like a beautiful icy Mars
Soon as a get these.couches in here on Saturday its on
you guys and carl come over to swim.
Im going to tweet Rondo with a 3 because this may be my only oppertunity to do so
I'm up bae
You know what, it's really great to have such a great friend like ! Thanks a lot! <3
I made it!! Officially checked in to my new temporary home. Thanks Air force. (:
Look... It's pretty simple. The brew crew can't lose to a team whose catcher has a neck tattoo.
Glory to God! So glad you like them!
There are way too many hot girls in short shorts and boots at the Bean Bag for a Tuesday before 10:30 a.m.
we're using is for Tis Pity - it's ruhl nice
#Eco tip! 70% of the energy used in a load of #laundry comes from heating the water? <
for my $ Matt Barkley, Sam Montgomery, Jackson Jeffcoat, Jarvis Jones, Robert Woods, and Star Lotulelei Are elite prospects
You cannot beat a roulette table unless you steal money from it. ~ Albert Einstein
Can't wait for today to be over, ready for time with my son!! And the gym, then coloring Easter eggs!!
What if it's worth it?
Thanks for the love!
"what if adele did a cover of big girls dont cry"
The Hawks' coach does not seem like a confidence-inspiring sort.
Shouts out to everybody! Especially You!
Phil and Keegan Nail birdie puts. Bill has to regroup now!
A reply from one of you is all I'm asking or a follow? I love you all so much! Please?<3(:
Had this been an actually emergency, I would push you out of my way
Great Noel Gallagher show last night in San Diego. As good as Oasis in Nottingham, England in 2006? Maybe.
Thank u very much
alright well stay strong
We are okay (just a little sleepy), but the car looks pathetic :/
love all my t-shirts! Fits perfect and designs flawless- recommend to all :)
you guys are so embarrassing!!!! I hate you! -_-
You are most welcome! Have a wonderful weekend!!
neither am I. and U know ur still mad at me.
Man being calm when you stressed is easier said than done.
Made my debut at Sunset Station with Cruised to a win & a shopping spree afterward. His and hers watches!
RT Awesome! RT : Proud to have voted twice for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Have you voted yet?
Newest spa to join us, , we are so excited to stop in and get a facial there!
LP: Thinks next great movement is of people who see faith not as a cudgel, but as a means to help others
Threw up all over the bar last night
Shopping in Paris would probably be king
Not to alarm yall, but I dominated a 4 page paper in under 2 hours. I'm getting a little too good at this whole procrastination thing!
Amazing. Traditional humans have taboo about eating carrion. Probably because we kill and eat whatever we want.
Sweet! See you there too, Mary! #riseaustin12 cc
Long live Rock 'N' Roll! - Dave Grohl getting cut off.
hey, did you see what the other faggots were saying? I mean isn't that why you were piling on?
Hi Bronwen. Great to be connected with you.
RT : What department is primarily responsible for content? 34% say "it's complicated." You bet it is.
"somebody said that you was looking fa mee" HERE I GO...lol RT : Where is ??
Ditto Dr. Pepper
Well a beautiful day here in Ocean City, NJ. USA. I am getting ready to go to work. Have a great day everybody
cant wait to go home next week.
: what room is the pinterest session in?
I was born like this~
Anyone have any articles/thoughts about identifying work that you're passionate about?
sent me a follow request. I'm honored....still to this day...THE BEST MTV VJ.
you and the all caps lol...
Happy Birthday !!!!!! It's been way too long since we ran into each other. Need to make that happen again. :)
Watching Sunday night football (GO PATS!). Then resting up for the big day tomorrow...
#nowplaying Survivor by Destiny's Child. Because Ma Royle's name is Destiny and I love to watch Survivor.
IN Quotes: "Done is better than perfect." Facebook Execs
what's that
“: And I'm in Montana.... Next state/city preeez. you boys should be here.” gurls gettin around!!! ;)
wish I could retweet that!!
&#9822; Protect your Liberty
Thanks for the RT!
After I am done with her I am going to let him know that allowing someone to take up 30 minutes of an hour long office hours is not ok
lol its alot wronq wot that if u get what u asking for then wats the joy of fighting to get what u want >>>>>>>>>
Happy 25th anniversary!!!!! ^.^
Oh, my filthy-mouthed Yankee girls... how I have missed you.
It is nice to have evenings like this.
Sorry had a Twitter hiatus. Whatcha been up to? Please respond in the form of a haiku
drink wine...live longer...period.
We should all tip our hats to Ted Turner for lots of reasons; yours being only one.
Well that is just ridiculous. Isn't it even earlier there? That shit cray.
I don't know much about Yemen except the drone stuff...but it's on my list to get smarter about...so many countries! ;^)
I have 4 simple goals for my trip to India (this time):
I write because wonderful books make me feel ALIVE! I hope to create the experience that other writers have for me.
Happy Halloween! It's the ghost of del rey back to haunt you!
so do I!
#SWED!! on it's way.
Hey Scott, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
I be like shut the hell up
What's your favorite book?
the Carolina's are my home !
where the parties at ?
You listen to Star 100.7? You amaze me more each day... ;)
holy crap that's a lot of smiley faces...
passed my drive test! :D written test tomorrow, then i'm free to drive! :D
so i'm guessing tickets aren't even available yet... haha
Go Giants! RT : Grilled cheese on a GIANT bun!!!
|THX FOR THE SHOUT OUT!
try to fake three laughs in an hour - ha ha ha ha ha - they'll take you away, man
it's an up and coming trend. “: I wonder how many people r using to discover hot widows #NYTD”
what's the deal w/companies like crest toothpaste saying "follow us on twitter!" in their commercials? who's gonna do that?
Boundary Block Party Sat 5/12 celebration to build a unified and empowered Central West Baltimore 1-4 pm Pennsylvania Av at Presstman
AWESOME!! Good luck!! So happy you get to act AND SING!! HOORAY!
Don't you just love morning txts?!
I'm going and you better love me when I'm the only one belting out All the girls in Brooklyn 👍
Morning Rockstars! > Dreams seldom materialize on their own. - Dian Fossey
Friday's edition of GhostWalk was a "haunting good time!" Tours continue 2nite starting at 6:30 p.m. Call 317-873-4900 for tix!
I mean if there are 8 fac half won't talk to each other/some may not serve on committees with certain other fac
How are you? You going to see Kimberly Gordon tonight? I might need to get some "air" and get up there for a set or two.
Johnny Carson on American Masters. The hammer and how to swing it.,
what you doing.
Well it's hard to win when your starter gives up 7, but at least he made it to 6 innings, regroup and come back ready for tomorrow #O's
Hi ! Hope to see you soon!
sadly we didn't get to see the rest of the game. Lame.
No, but I have no response yet to a support request for a hacked account at work -- a worthy nonprofit, please advise
Yes, I am just as much looking forward to Moonrise Kingdom as I am to Dark Knight Rises, why do you ask?
RT : Great to see Ann from at #isngen...we re proud to support #citizendiplomacy and
stop tweeting.
Find my tweets. Follow
Looking forward to a week with almost no meetings. Might actually get some work done.
Real Talk . Hope all is well.!
as long as you are not using the word "rape" metaphorically, I approve. Go get that 1M stack!!
Thanks for the follow
Wanna take your salon to the cloud? Not sure how? Don't have time to figure it out? Call us up! Go to www.geniustream.com
Oakland, ha ha.
RT : Keep going u'll arrive at happy!
great night with my buddies
Two blocks from my old apartment! RT Weapons Raid in Eastlake Reportedly Turns Up Grenade Launcher and Meth-Making Equipment
Your in the diver seat and God is Google maps!
drink, drink, drink!!!
Major Payne on BET ! get on it or get lost
drinks are good, atmosphere ok, ladies restrooms , disgusting despite their warning sign........
Sounds like a good time to me!
Does your son or daughter have difficulties expressing thoughts clearly? See our website: www.childlanguagespeech.com
We are #thankful for as well! What an amazing job you do and so great to work with!
very understandable
Ok life, do you think we're ready to quit smoking? I think so.
another full day at the studio, some interesting sessions this week it looks like...
Most active online users are researching health issues: John Mangano
"Rolling in the Deep"? Is she saying she has a gunt??
just saw youe husband! gave him my parking pad :-)
Thanks for coming out!
THIS TRAFFIC IS A MUTHA F*****!
What's wrong with fpi? They had banned lady gaga , but y r they still complaining ?
Hot Snakes tonight! Who's going? This guy!
Only got 3 hours of sleep last night. My iPod is my little friend that's keeping me up. ;)
Don't try to "convince" people to tweet if they hate it. Build a rock star team who enjoy using social media.
Thanks for cheering them along! RT : Congrats to EVMS class of 2012! So excited for 's new intern class!
Postbox for Mac is awesome. What do you think?
Ill upvote that.
asked someone to make me a new email address. they make my password "bugeyes" ..me: really? i have bug eyes? them: that's not a bad thing
Ah, let's see...how bout ALL OF THEM!! :) RT : so, what's your favorite song from my cd Dream With Me?
Loved your delicious energizing black tea today Thanks for having organic coffee/teas in Vegas :)
great meeting you too! I'll be in touch soon!
Gonna be a huge month!!! Spring break '12 in Panama city and Ultra '12 and less than 2 months till 21.
Fake Can Be Just as Good - Blonde Redhead
Wait the #Celtics could lose home court in the first round? What happened to giving the division champions an advantage?
I want chocolate bad.
Who's the PRO? : your huge pussy and a sack of shit, you run like you have bricks for feet and a stick up your ass
aww im only a few million miles away!<3
: on the trainn back to hicksville already...good seats? i had sec 109 row 11...
Incubus and Linkin Park...one concert....Jebus that will be orgasmic!!!!
RT Big congratulations to #Louisiana leg. for passing legislation today to tie tenure to teacher performance.
I wanna be more than just an ICONiac.. I wanna be their bestfriend, the one they can trust. 
Oy gevalt; I heard one of the previews a while back, and even as a big Metallica fan, I don't think I can bring myself to listen
Why is there no #420 hashtag today? Common twitter!
haha yes! We can only hope that we keep moving in the right direction...one game at a time
Shout out to for the follow....
I play next year I got hurt and sat out this year
Jzell studio y'all
5000 business cards are only $85 Today Only > www.800printingnyc.com
I've only been once but it was great! Must return b/c my friend is a regular and my birthday is coming up soon!
Yes HELP! My Twitter Background could use some serious reconstructing.I would like to post pictures of children on top of
These people on the bus smell so fucking funky sheesh!
I spent 1 hour biking. 896 calories burned.
ok, it's official. I love her!(; lmao!!! (and you kayden.) 
New Chili Peppers,
Polar opposite shows... from last nights Heartless Bastards to Sleigh Bells tonight.
im about to start my new ministry
I think my problem with not being able to find a boyfriend is because I honestly don't care..
S/O to my bro ... Happy birthday fool!
an i looks really nice know
Did you know you are less likely to suffer a heart attack on Friday? That makes today extra special! Make yours amazing!
Hey guys, how come no link in the Twitter profile. Am I MISSING something?
Distance Learning is an important part of new era of education.
Impressed you put something together for the W that didn't involve SKC getting lost on way to stadium. Well done!
If you let a simple bitch ruin your relationship then your relationship it self was weak
had another engagement. So proud of my team. So glad you trained them all.
So spring has finally sprung. Time for the stoop-potatoes to come out. Oh boy......
Hospitality Design Magazine Awards Crystal First-Ever Cruise Design Award
This week, I'm getting it all the way together: writing, running & reading the Word.
40% of Fortune 500 companies, including Google, Apple, eBay, AT&T, IBM, & Oracle were founded by immigrants or their children.
i feel like i'm losing him.. )': <3
Well, maybe compared to Nicole Ritchie?
Meteorologists hold bachelor's degrees in Bullshit.
If severs ties w/ & , given their "shape", will it be a double lumpectomy or dbl. mastectomy?
Saw "A Streetcar Named Desire" for the first time, in a warehouse (or something) just outside the french quarter.
yeah that's what I was thinking. Would you rather have Jose or jack? Or something else that nice?
I see 5 Massive Markets emerging in 2012 1 Text Message Marketing 2 Mobile + Social 3 Mobile Web 4 Apps 5 Mobile Commerce -Dave Liniado
Time for basketball. How can they top the greatest victory in franchise history from last Sunday? Can't wait to go 2-0 tonight.
Love Actually is on!! i bet wants to watch it <3
I really wish the Twitter app would stop changing my preferences from TwitPic to Twitter's photo uploader...
": RT : There have been 6 confirmed deaths in southern Indiana. #tornado" Not my Family but IDK if they r Friends!
lmaoooooo ill get my girls together n we can tap tht ass for you i guess
Editors- The Racing BOHH
But having said that about Greece, time may have passed. Others may not want them in it anymore.
aha it's called google translator !
lol thank you. I must admit, I have won a few times
Happy Monday everyone! We're excited for a new week and for #FoodTruckFriday! We'll announce who will be here soon!
been rocking toms forever. A+ shoe brand :-)
If you have social, mobile or local marketing tips feel free to share them on our page.
Now that the #Bulls are out. I'm just cheering for whoever is playing the heat.
: Yesterday marked 40 days until the 40th #BalloonFiesta! Follow along as we celebrate 40 days until the extraordinary event
I usually loiter and smile at cats but did not want to interrupt sensual petting sesh.
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head. - Kurt Cobain
color and then white tip. good for summer. what y'all doin this weekend?
Any runners in NYC?
yeah, i'm scared too
Taxes filed with 40 minutes to spare. It's like high school all over again.
Haha I've seen this on the news a few days ago! I once though about the same thing to my house!
Poor thing...
In fact, it is mocked, denied, or cheered on as some form of "getting back at 'em." Taken seriously? Not even close.
Such a great weekend for us! Thank you all for supporting this year's International Women's Day Banquet!
Just bought another kindle for a friend of mine. Kindle is the best gift out there, don't you think?
for what?
Center 8 years ago today.
I wish I could have this moment to life
How unfortunate.
Hoping refs aren't stacking a load of makeup calls into one half...
just maybe?
How did I forget that Nastassja Kinski dated Quincy Jones.
You're welcome. Happy to help out.
Just followed like a gallon of people =0
NC State hits a home run in the top of the 2nd making the score 2-1 Virginia
Imm tired. Decided to switch from the usual "Im borreeeddd"
It's very important that we talk about "Muslim communities around the world" instead of a monolith "Muslim People". Farah Pandith
There's only so much longer simple minded Hip-Hop will be profitable.
having fun?? so jealous. miss you!!!
oh where do you live? i live like an hour away
I see you flourishing
Happiness does not depend on outward things, but on the way we see them. ~ Leo Tolstoy
I don't care if you call someone a name. I care deeply about the marginalization of people with disabilities.
which one?
Hey buddy! Hope you're having a good day. Just sent you a DM.
: John Terry will drill semen into Rooney's anus
I am wide awake but really need to be asleep.
depends on what you want out of life. Friendship? Not so much.
Tebow. New York. Sigh.
When I saw came running into the KCAs aftr jaden said he wouldn't be there,yea I started to cry I love ya biebz ur amazin
you will one day, you deserve to meet them. I always think that I won't but I'm going to do everything I can. :)
Macerating strawberries in whiskey & woodruff syrup to add to Tenuta Santome' prosecco....Jo's version of Mai wine!
I knew you'd be watching ! Biggest Kobe fan I know.
Pay attention to the time. Don't set goals that are unbelievable- it takes time to lose 10-30 pounds, give yourself enough of it.
I am working on it for Aug 24th publication date. Very exciting!
Your source for Unfinished Brazilian Hardwood Flooring * FCL
I`m teaching Brenna about the Earth..... Now that`s sad sisterr (:
Rachel, god, I love you so much......
Tonight was a really good night!!
Happy Mother's day, everyone! I hope wherever you are, your day is lovely.
Quote: the reason I like New York is there are not many Americans here
FRANCE FRANCE FRANCE, yea yea were excited for the new release too, but we can’t forget about our Italy & Hawaii series
A gaggle of geese. LMAO!
Ok, how long is the seventh inning stretch?
Agreed - good stuff! And too.
& she's pretty hot, too.
Ah clean apartment , accompanied by feelings of accomplishment and a glass of moscato .
It's bizarre that the produce manager is more important to my children's health than the pediatrician.
Packing the van for today's show then off to the magic lecture
LOL at the trends
on what date??? plz say july 16
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
"Handheld cell ticket is $159. It's not worth it." Oh yeah, freeway sign? What if I'm the 10th caller & win $1,000? That's totally worth it.
7 AM at Big Bend it is .... Golf>>>Sleep
I just searched multiple sights that rank the top 50 WRs, and Aaron Decker isn't on any of them, kudos to Skip Bayless!
Today is a good day to show a loved one that you love them!
I'M GLAD U SEE THAT :b
Even bad men love their mothers
to me, favicon = most important 256 [or 1024 / 2304] pixels on a website
Literally I can't believe my luck that is going to OMG OMG OMG, JUST MADE MY NIGHT :)
Must also mention IMHO the odoius practice of re-apply is a stain on corp. America. I am glad u are broaching topic.
Common sense isn't all that common.
got it now. So how bout them packer's?
your favorite!
Doug LaFollette joining Mitchell in show of support.
no, it really just IS a bad look.
what do you love & hate about being on tour? Any other hobbies than making music?
Spring cleaning the studio for a busy weekend!
To I really appreciated Kordell's honesty today. Tell him that. Thanks.
To keep someone around you is not love; love is to let the one you love go freely.
I accidentally addressed a guy named Mike as "Eric" in an eHarmony email. So, yeah, I don't think he is interested any longer.
Great read in , congrats on the success of your group!
#Kaboom. The valuation heard around the world. RT #Facebook sets share price at $28-35, valuing the company at $85-95bn
thanking God for the Blood.
Does know #wavefront is by a dog beach? Does he know will go mental if he plays Barbara Streisand with a gang of puppies?
I am so frustrated. WOMEN, don't change your name on anything. It is a waste of time and money.
Barefoot all summer - Only children & ancients Touch the naked earth.
RT : Could there be a better day for 's birthday? Let's celebrate this evening w/ monster upset of !
Most of the time it's the weird person selling roses at a bar but bear night has a guy selling pizzas. Yes whole pizzas. Oh bears
There's no point watchin the #MiamiHeat...Zebras+Stern=want #LeSuspect in the Finals
love you both!
Do you think its gonna get nasty?
Eels are lazier, because they go downstream. I vote for anadromous.
DUDE RIGHT! I might be a moma's boy but say something about her and i'll fuck you up lol Then who's the moma's boy
IM SO BORED SOMEONE TWEET ME :-)))
": I'm not! My phone is disconnected" whatever! I miss my movie buddy ): immortals was horrribleeee D':
how u been?
True: “: "Detail oriented" is code for "asshole."”
I understand...she had a great talent and will be missed
After the world premiere in DC, ALICE (in wonderland) travels from to 2012-13. Hopefully Dallas after?
That seems like a more relevant anecdote if anything, right?
Ask me how to buy a house in #CA ... It's Easier than you think. Beautiful homes & Locations. I can take you places that will make you stay
Annoyed that is ruining a good product (Reader) to attempt to bolster a crummy one (+)
maybe--but only if it makes you find out if they are doing a program.
LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE** #tonefide 5
My 4000th tweet goes out to my crazy cat lady twin never stop meowing ❤ and to show Cali some hell! 👍🚬
me too!!! I get so anxious in it!
that shot is a work of art, as clutch as it gets.
Ppd have 15 in custody at north Portland apt complex.
Hope The Spirit Awards recognize Nicolas Winding Refn for his visually stunning Drive.
enjoy this new windows
I am so going to this one :)
Both Bann girls hv been found Safe! This status jus goes to show that Jesus still answers prayers, Hallelujah!!
I got to get to this Baba! Jah Bless!
Berlin's heat wave today. #Wow. & all my trains failed me. It was like being back in NYC in the sentimental 80s.
: The NBA Charlotte Bobcats have a record of 7wins and 57losses. WHAT is Michael Jordan doing ?! he's coming out of retirement
Gettin' the hell outa work...crazy busy today!
you're mad at your dad, not US!
What would you get if you crossed a monster with the god of love? A stupid Cupid!
Guess what??
I know..I've been over Oden. Old news.
#PDX peeps--have an astrologer you've been to who you would recommend? This #Pisces is thinking it's time for an update!
Im the boss here ok lol
had a dream I pulled a Britney and chopped off all my hair.... FINALS, what are you doing to me?!?!? lol
same thing Hillis had “: Irving officially being ruled out with "the sniffles" for tonights game.
High school basketball games that end in extensive trips to the free throw line due to lack of a
Don't you think it's better to be extremely happy for a short while, even if you lose it, than to be just okay for your whole life?
Happy 12th birthday hiphop twins !! & Sarah Smith , they inspire me :-)
Well I Waz Gon Go 2 Sleep B4 I Had 2 Go 2 Work But.......O Well
I wish would buy aspirin for all the hungover Georgetown men as well.
does anyone have google+?
Kylestock loves acoustic artists too! This year will be featuring the talents of Erin Frank, Hannah Bushong and Luke Tuttle!!
they'll win, no worries. I'm in sec 307.
how's it going?
she looks like shes about 12
#DidYouKnowThat times are tough?
we can debate the valuation, but Instagram is actually a delight to use and connect with others. Color never succeeded there.
Punching fake Elmo in the gut unprovoked could be very funny.
This guy from a ticket place said he can get me a meet & greet ticket for $300 each. $300 EACH!? WHAT!?
Congratulations to Pastor Brandon T. Crowley, my son in the ministry who was inducted into the Morehouse Board of Preachers today.
Dell Power Edge 2900 I Server Ricoh Aficio Model 1075 print, copy, fax, scanner w/SR850 Finisher for sale- $1800 each / both in great c…
Thanks for the recommendations & links!
good morning 2 one of my favorite singers. Ur story your spirit your grace is so powerful
Thanks for the information. I would love to explore rural Ireland.
“: Just remember, someone loves everything you hate about yourself.”
We r at the beginning of the evolution of change in the medicine, sport, & fitness industries. Embrace it! In data we trust!
#E3onG4 #UBISOFT unintentionally invented the first
Will you forget about it already? Damn... O__-
Great Show about Missing in Black and the Discrimination of the Unemployed Jobs in this Countryfrom Companies
Scion unveils lightweight FR-S sporty coupe Toyota's new compact coupe will be marketed in the United States as the Scion FR-S. The initi
hahaha I know! I got that tan I needed lol mishhh my jacks :(
Instagram's instant billion-dollar payday: week in review Facebook makes its biggest acquisition to date, while the Justice Departmen...
Hmm. Should I watch another episode of #storagewars tonight? YUP!
Why work out if you're walking on the treadmills and chatting the whole time? IDGI.
Have fun :)
Social media has become a crucial part in turning weak links into greater, more valuable relationships with customers
#fridayreads Oddly not reading anything now (except textbooks), but really enjoyed Wolf Hall last week.
yaaaaay I want to read it!!!!!
I am MINUTES AWAY from...... Staying on Twitter , or going to bed.(:
": Love ya!" <<<See!!! No joke! #alwaysStraightFromTheHeart - Love Ya too, bro! Keep going!
": your ice is in my trunk" Are you hitting on me?
yea, but im pissed. im blaming bryan fox.
Man she has been through a lot since I've known her not gonna list them. But she did manage to attend my Grandmas funeral back in 2006.
Sounds great! Let me know when you are in town. :-)
moca is open tonight free
Whats not healthy??
Wonder who the Fed is going to send out this morning waving the checkbook in front of the cameras?
you should talk to tony clement and scott brison. Tell em what to do
": Practice was too easy. Last one, ever. Bitter sweet ):" paula! Now we can go roller bladeing around ty and workout together!
No Tea no Shade!
don't forget about the Baltimore baristas too!! Thanks again for hosting, we had a blast!
RT : The countdown is on for American Idol. Tune into Fox for an all new eppisode. 32 min.
“: Charles gotta start sounding out these players name prior to being on camera” < -- LOL thas turrible #but true
:D About Tree fitty
it is FREE for members and $10 for non-members. First film is March 21!
i love movie trailers as ads!
Attn receipt losers: both & now give u option to have your receipts emailed
Never seen so many people eager to shop and forget about their need to curb their consumption
Just got me a BMW #SWAGG - XavierLT. com
rooting for your Jayhawks over Cats!
Just release my 9 point plan go2 winwithwarren.com 2download it as well as more detail on my pension plan to put Jacksonville back to work
But the freedom that they fought for, and the country grand they wrought for, Is their monument to-day, and for aye. ~Thomas Dunn English
If #theydontwantyou its ok #teamfollowback follow me I follow back!
