Get home from work is one of the best feelings
enjoying too damn much! Gotta stop eating like this!
Omg all these kidnappings on the news
tonight has been so shitttty.
what's good son you see Fraz get robbed on that hit just now
Thanks and Good Luck!
Listening to Zimmerman's brother try to explain his bro's actions on This guy is a joke. "I believe" he is in denial
MISSING GIRL INFO: Abagail, 5'4" 140lbs, 13, white. Walked away from Wright Middle School 90 min ago (Fish Hatch/Belt area)
Gathering books for 7-day trip: "Today" by David Miller; "Bad Things Happen", Harry Dolan; "1222" by Anne Holt. Need one more . . .
oh and I also think should totally submit a set to I'd love to see that. Giggity!
That Scottish substitute has the coolest accent ever
I like his style. RT Alright people. Looks like our little boy is going to be a little late to the party.
Gotta stay focused
“: Going to check out Sunday jazz night at the W Hotel with my roll dog ” jazz is awesome!!!
done! :D
Its the end of the school year & still haven't bought a parking pass. My truck was never towed.Way to enforce your rules this year, western.
Emanuel: not for charters, turnarounds or magnets, just what works. "Any one of those jockeys that gets us there, I'm for it."
I'm sorry if this hurts you. I'm sorry, I just lied. The truth is I don't care if you get hurt or not for all the tears you made me cry.
My friend needs job ideas. Any suggestions??
Clearly thibodeau is the biggest fan of tonite's collapse, makes him seem less silly 4 leaving Rose in.
Did somebody say Queso? T : Rain schmain, let's talk about queso.
You too! RT : Thanks for the 'follow' guys & all the best in the New Year!
To be honest, I'm out back on my deck, listening to the inestimable Bill Schoening call this one.
learned a lesson today - NEVER make cookies alone! There's no one to help eat them & I eat the whole batch. LA Fitness, here I come... maybe
Hey Lakers! You can get the finga.....THE MIDDLE!!!!!!
I'm back baby I'm back
Hell brisket tacos are no joke #$2tacotuesday
I'm still working in CS3 at work as well but starting to upgrade to 4. Wish we had 6, so many things would be better. so many
Watching the baby owls tonight was AWESOME!
im a space-bound rocket ship
Sharp eye. :)
Happy Birthday to Nolan! You're two now! Holy cow. Where does the time go?
So not impressed with Oracles intrusive Java updater complete with splash screen and prompts!
I'd like some fan fiction.
And days like these are what make me stronger. My hope is in God.
ANYWAYS. Enough of me ranting. Just sad that Juliet didn't win </3 really love her and her voice.
LET DA GAMES BEGIN...
Dr. Purvis travels to Victoria, BC today for the International Foster Care Organization Conference. We hope to see some of you there!
Lemme get a turkey sandwich , lettuce tomato. Bitch.
awh rightt:) since when was you and austin going out?:) and tel him to follow on both accounts and please follow me?<3
I'm just so hopelessly...metric.
new idea for making running better: get your kid to make a playlist for your ipod. so fun! many remakes by cast of glee... i felt glee...
The semester is wrapping up. But I still have lots of grading to do.
I'm currently PAYING BILLS!
Hot baths are amazing..but suck the life out of me. 
if you need to vacate from hurricanes and earthquakes, I'm down in MS right now with an open guest room!
Finally cutting into my Dr. Seuss fabric. Making a baby quilt.
I'm running a table at a job fair... All the other companies have cool things on there tables....
Going to sit in bed and read my SAT book. (:
www.roadtosturgis.wordpress.com new blog
In Ireland! That would be amazing.
Avatar is my new favorite movie!!
Happy Birthday
i just beat every level in angry birds seasons with 3 stars!!!:D yeah!!
Come on mother nature, you're giving us a gray day on a MONDAY!?
hate you
Coming down to the wire. Can't wait to win this thing!
i think i am going to go play bf3 like this hahahaha.
Aloha Kakahiaka! We are alive & well which is a blessing in itself! We are making noise with our music blogs!!!!
It's a beautiful day today. Do you guys have any fun outdoor plans for the evening? Running, biking, and so on?
Lol...I trip off some ppl & their shenanigans...You're merely a FLEA...I deal with way bigger TICKS than you!
I love Chicago!!!
yes a very wise guy :)
4 Free Movie Tickets When You Stay the Weekend with Marriott! For reservations or details, visit: www.marriottcharlotte.com
Im here for you to
Never ever leave the highway in West Virginia. It does not go well.
#NotClearOn why everyone at SAE loves foursquare so much.
I'll be starting my #Badgers post-spring position writeups sometime early next week. Any formats you'd like to see? Thinking stock up/down
can't stop laughing!!!
Yup. The carnavales start from December until February.
It's hot outside but has great air conditioning. Get out of the heat tonight at 8pm for Ayre.
So many hops, so little time to taste 'em all. What's your favorite strain?
motivation, experience, and conversational connection
Video - hope you take a few minutes to watch the documentary & download the free albums so you can get an idea of who I really am
RIP Julius Caesar
You have made yourself a new enemy, and I am a bad one to have. Good job.
are you exited for #BOYFRIEND ? I am :) please follow me :) <3
When I'm correct, no one remembers. When I'm wrong, no one forgets..
Awesome, have a great weekend!
How can you not want to smash that cocky smirk off Paul Krugmans sniveling, pathetic, bootlicking, know nothing, status quo face?
i hope she doesnt flat out say no =|
I just think it involved you the whole time.
It has returned! Bottling #EstateGrown 2009 #CabernetFranc today. Stop in and taste a glass right from the bottler. Cheers!
Thanks for returning the follow!!:)
That awkward moment when I saw in the hallway <
Cohen: Quality prevention is aimed at community and focused on norms.
Imma gone head and do it. What do I have to lose....
For Jazz Music you can Taste click --> www.myspace.com/robjuice007 for my New hit single 'MY PILLOW'
Watching #idol... I can not believe there are only 5 peoples left!
In other news, an octopus has 3 hearts. Coolest thing I've heard since the turn of the century.
So pumped up after Fogerty joined for The Weight last night I got a ticket for 88mph in 65... Maybe they will pay my ticket.
i bet you didnt get alex's last tweet (;
awww thank you!!
email me on FB and I'll lead ya there
Imdoing my math homework
Good point. If you can't handle rejection in the application process, how are you going to deal with the 200-apps-for-1-job part?
what's up ?
2-0 #OKC ": typical #LakerNation excuse 😒“: All im saying is where is your team at”"
I love myself better than anyone else.
RKG - proportional credit to each marketing channel is key. Control tests still important.
Good to hear there is interest in it. I hadn't thought about the dictation, that be pretty cool.
Watching the teen choice awards:)
gets annoyed at fixing broken technology - instead of getting her work done. It feels like wasted time.
Did you know you can now get bomboloni at Agatha Valentina!! -Btween 78 & 79th St. 1ave. Pick up a delicious bomboloni from them today!
email me any details you have to substantiate:
Track practice, last day of practice... Then chick fil a party :)
I guess its called the groove show.... now this good music .
keep your head up baby girl <3 it's all gonna be okay
I'm learning to shuffle :D
ready for a nap!
Happy Tuesday! Working on any cool projects today?
updating internet pages... twitter is stupid
At least this way the Sooners can win both the Big XII championship AND a bowl game.
We loved it! Guest with us commented "Wow, are zoo gift shops usually this nice?" Good job!
I need to broaden my horizons
after seeing Rose injured when he could've been sitting the rest of the game, don't even know why Wade is still on the court.
#Facebook for business-get back to #Marketing basics-humanize, engage, reach out, connect, listen and respond.
Sometimes I feel like I'm the only girl in the universe who hates nail polish.
deffinatly! ill be there tomorrow lol
Thatz not how I wanted to wake up
Cramp life? That time of the month? TMI Mia (lol just playin... kind of) !
are you gonna be recording some stuff at SDCC?
RT : Reminder: SoTL submissions due March 16. Share your scholarship on teaching and learning! Questions:
same here!
Get paid to help others $$$$ what a beautiful concept! DM me for more info =)
Thank you all SO much for helping make the first day on iTunes so great!! #yourmessageshavemademyday ( AW!)
Maureen O'Sullivan.Mia's mom.So beautiful and so talented we all miss her. (video)
#deartwitter I am writing this in the form of a letter because thats whats on my mind. I think that twitter should give you a 220...
Your past is not nearly as bad as the people who keep reminding you of it.
Let me stop talking before I end up with something I'll regret lol
TV advertising. It works. Just decided to buy a toothbrush.
We're back !! See you Wednesday :)
Im about over Nate. Was excited for him a month ago.
I best stop complaining about the job assessment if I can't even put a 140 character tweet together without a typo.
Joke* Police: "You were going 90 miles per hour." Motorist: "How can you tell? I've only been on the road for 10 minutes."
#GURT2011 panel Fri am: Performing politics: Media and the new face of politics
i miss you and prison break!!!
Mentally exhausted, done. Praying for some sleep tonight!!!! G'night all. Stay safe.
Eating our normal Thursday night Subway dinner. Never gets old. :)
Just put shutters on my grandparents house :)
And gotta go back off.. Can't do imagine tweets. G2g):
So how do refugees like my DH come to USA w/NOTHING & make damn fine lives while college grads whine about their bills?
me to lol
Thank You for the Kind Words! RT : I like ..great place..good staff & people!!
Chemistry:Sodium,Sodium,Sodium,Sodium,Sodium,Sodium...BATMAN(:
I wanna run out of them
Social skills are fine though. Just reserved & hate small talk. Once people get to know me, they realize I'm "well-adjusted" :)
Thanks Mark for following us!
Registered the domain. New email=
i looked at my twitter and i saw someone talking to red wen all i use twitter for is to put links to the streams i go to now a days
My parents don't understand Twitter :) It's great !
Swing Sequence: Keegan Bradley Keegan Bradley has been able to incorporate changes into his swing without losing the fearlessness that he
#haveuever Logged into Facebook, log back out, then log back in. Same with Twitter...
You wanna see a technician doing work? Watch the vs Corrales fight.
All in the game, yo.
yes indeed I did!
Im so bored anyone wanta talk?
I've worn Birks for two days in a row. Yesterday was for a pedi, today was pure
TUT FACT: The Egyptian game of Senet is one of the world's oldest known board games. Explore Egyptian life @ The Children's Museum of Indy.
Yeah, that was it. ": If you think Matt Barkley didn't look at the standings before making his decision to stay at USC
Somebody ordered a book, and entered it in LibraryThing, but forgot to put the order and fund codes on it. Where's my stick?
Go out of your way today to say something positive to someone you know or don't know. Positivity is good for the soul!
Bro You got good thing going bro keep it up it will pay off !!!
"Chocolate chips are part of my death row meal."
I agree with you! Our political theater gives new meaning to the absurd.
Cut to: opening credits
Harrison Smith loved you but you better strap it on vs. , Nelson, Driver, Jones, Finley &
Feeling like crud today. Can't breathe. Hate that.
I followed and im from cleveland ohio
Love Thunderstorms<33
: Plz nick follow me I love u it would make me the happiest girl ever :D
Fill in the blank: You know you're tired when ___. Today my answer is - you forget to wear a belt to work.
this whole thing is so weird. it seems almost obvious that Bo thinks someone was tampering with him.
Purchase the Explanation to the Galatians for $5.99 as an ebook! Scriptural commentary of timeless relevance written by saints.
Volumes and COUNTERPARTS are nuts. Two of the best bands we've played with hands down.
i have so much to do today. no one will see me today
i LOVE your new single 11:11!!! :) PLZ follow me :) i would be the happiest girl a live! :)
- Yeah, I don't blame you! What types of locks are you looking for? Let me know if you need help finding anything. Thanks!
i miss you.. it doesn't ever get easier does it?
Tweet more. Face Cream Less! BA
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.26
Though I've tried, I've fallen... I have sunk so low, I messed up better I should know, so don't come around here and tell me I told you so.
we have bottle of Wookey Jack, in addtion to Solice Ale
thanks and really aww
No offense intended! :).
Bobby put that song out in 1974.
DONT FORGET TO WISH HER A HAPPY BIRTHDAY TOMORROW.!!!!
Thank God for the 5 cent wine sale!
/ thanks for the mention / retweet!
Haha! That was a good one.
Cant sleep. What am I becoming?
In 2003, Canada became the first country in the world to offer medical marijuana to pain-suffering patients.
Going to sleep now. Had an amazing day...and it's only the beginning. Time to get back in the game. Goodnight!
you'll see. And yes
Waiting for a follow back from u is like waiting for a shirtless pic of !! Follow back?? Yes..no :'(
I dont feel good what so ever :/ but I wanna go to school
I just want to go back in time, shake hands with who you use to be, and walk away with my middle finger in the air.
Love is gentle love is kind......
Off to Philly/Jersey with the family for a long weekend
Hell yeah ya did...& it was amazing live! Please play it again on August 14th cuz we will be driving hours to hear you!
Wait, I have a marching band version of The Time Warp? AWESOME.
absolutely love your page- good stuff! From one Geek to another- keep up the awesome work, your tweets are neat.
Lakers desperately need Phil Jackson.
If her legs arent #shakin,she is
you ruined it for yourself ---
Louis and Ella!
The audience going off on Gia
TANNER You know this guy? You know someone with good taste? Who drinks hard lemonade?
A big Happy Birthday goes out to
ScHoolboy Q -- Blessed f. Kendrick Lamar
RT : Respect your elders. They made it through school without Google or Wikipedia.
And its gonna be- Mr. Quiggly!
you have gotten a very large percentage of my money, I LOVE YOUR STORE!!!
Thx for an important conversation! MT During the 's Access DC trip, Renee Fraser, speaks about Home 4 Good
Quanell just threw a match on Channel 2. Houston is in for a LONG night.
#prsun #bxbiz - Attended a meetup @ Sunshine Suites 2night - Topic: entrepreneurial collaborations in #Bronx to make things happen. Yes!
Thanks Chili's Bar & Grill North Olmsted for the stupendous dinner tonight, and thank you, Lauren!
Lol Thank you! This is the first time I've remembered my 1/2 Birthday so I feel cool
I guess I always assumed they went away as easily as they were created, but then again...
Rat yelled earlier "Why is everyone wearing dresses?!?!"
Can't wait. RT : Did we mention? Exactly 1 month to go until opens for Inaugural Match at our new home!
Stunned actually
how are u dis mornign, getting excited for you.
You should probably invest in a haircut
She's old enough to know, and young enough not to say no.
Hope not, by the way - don't want to sound like I'm hoping for anyone's death
i swear i'll never let you fall . Just let me love you <3
It's perhaps on this basis that the film asserts Spielrein wanted Jung to beat her
feelin under the weather, i gotta get over this ish!
About to meet with a Mohawk paper rep about our sustainability speaker for next year!
Unless you're going to Harvard, it's not worth that much. Go to a state school.
Please remind me on the content. Thx.
Happy Easter!!
As a consumer, easy of mobile apps means more to me than seeing ones whole website.
The brits bring it again.
"I'm a passive aggressive bitch."
well thats a good thing. [^0^] At least people are thinking about me.
Happy Friday!
How many of you want to read some or many of my pendulum papers? I have posted them within my Yahoo Internet groups.
I'm thinking a song with you two is in order. Hot ass dance song amazing video. I KNOW the fans would love it!!!!!!
You blow me away, baby, with that one good, beautiful eye of yours.
There's nothing so satisfying as finding your mistake when coding an #XML file. Of course, it can take a year or more. But still satisfying.
Btw... I got my iphone back. So I finally wont look so outdated!!! Take a shot 4 me this weekend!
"ONE DIRECTION!," *winks* - Niall Horan, X-Factor p.s POTATO!
yes hopefully! We should go to the beach or something! <3
see, now that wasn't so bad now was it? You will learn to love
I'm so tired of testing!
Feel asleep on the bus #oops where am I??
Understood....how has your weekend been so far?????
Did you use 'track dry' in yer pants?!
be sure to notice Colby Lewis has been perfect since the 3 HR to begin game. Remarkable steady hand on this young staff
We hear that! RT don't forget about body breaks (shoulder rolls every 20mins) -movement is key to prevent deskosaurus posture!
Kreis is trollin'. I would venture that this won't get him on PV's Christmas card list.
I'm going down to tailgate with UmConscious in a decked out BSU golfcart...Look for us. love to check spots.
20?? Wow I though you were at least 21 by now haha
Thank you to everyone who attended our Holiday Webinar! Please let us know what you thought
"Where the spirit meets the speed..." #MonsterMagnet ("Cyclone")
It sucks
The sun is down here: Happy Hanukkah!
If you love something set it free if it comes back to you it was meant to be if it doesnt it wasn't yours in the first place
Yo, , I have an article of interest (an editorial of sorts) regarding supplementary discipline at Worlds. Worthwhile to post?
110 Box Jumps, 84 push press and 63 toes-to-bar in 18 minutes flat. I'm wiped out!
Local organizer for Obama campaign talks about upcoming work - Lancaster Newspapers
Overheard: New Yorkers are like cockroaches.
Already time for the next question!
Come to Kilroy's Sports tonight to enjoy everything for 50% OFF! Remember $5 gets you AND a buddy in the door!
Chillin @ the Ten!
RT : Just spoke with man who witnessed two murders, claims his best friend pulled the trigger. Story
#Caps have blocked 10 shots to the #Rangers 14, Hamrlik has 2
- scarves and nice boots :)
We love our Twitter followers :)
nice meeting you last night!
great job on snl fave skit was real house wifes of disney
Just finished JM's workout. Level One kicked my butt! Felt great though. This may be the ans. to my crosstraining needs!
hey justin bieber my cuzn is like your biggest fan i like nicki minaj
Also, I want to delete my Facebook account, but I feel like I may need it for future spying purposes.
Tanya Morgan is coming to Reno may 13. That's neat.
Looking forward to seeing #HungerGames with , and after work today! Happy Hunger Games!
I've been pretty damn great!<3(: wbu !?:D
#AmITheOnlyOneThat Has To Wait Until Next Saturday To Get Tickets? :/
I still have the urge to set myself on fire. Meh.
Treat each other w/ respect
spanish is hard!!!! :/ i have a b in that class :(
everyday I see love expressed in many ways but its nothing like knowing Love for your self.
Yup, you'll still be getting ICS. Sorry, no date yet though. :)
(rant full of expletives) car's battery is kaput!
OMG!!!!!!!! Squeals and dances. I hope you love it, but sock it to me! It's gotta be near perfect when we send it!
know right?! My phones one 2% ... um 
99.1 KGGI is lettin me down Fix the feed. I know a guy who knows a guy who can that done for you.
R.I.P Jay ilysm, I will miss you!!! :*
Cool(: next week? im still gonna get the shoes this weekend though..
Y'all remember discovery zone!!! That was my shit
Have you heard "Why Baby"? It's the solo single from new CD "The Many Moods of Charlie Mack" ... Charles McCormick, lead for Bloodstone! HOT
I'm planning on going...wondering if anyone I know is going to be there.
me too
yes tweeted couple of times but you missed it
I see your Tarheels!
"I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is to try to please everyone. Until later xoxo
finally going to read it. So far it's On point
Between my middle fingerS, shoulder, ankle, and hamstring, I'm the softball version of D-Rose. Playing like shit too. It ends Sunday
Calm down. ;)
RT : RT : How many votes FOR Obama's budgets the past 2 years? Zero. How many votes AGAINST? 610.
thank you!
My account was stolen no I have to use this crappy handle
One day at a time and breathe easy...
If guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars make people drive drunk, and spoons make you fat, right?
I will be in a great mood tommorrow
love that Elbow tune. Love.
Didn't realize there was an overlap between goths and folk music. That's an unexpected Venn diagram.
thanks for the update on #E12 planning. Sounds like it will be a great #EDUCAUSE event!
When I was a kid, I had the hardest time spelling Minnesota. I ended up spelling it "Minisoda" like a mini-soda drink. LOL
looking forward to making some music w you 2night at Oakland, 10pm set!!
I'm using #MobileVOIP, install the free app on your iPhone, Symbian or Android and make cheap calls!
Thanks, I read a little about that earlier today, but this is a better summary than what I read. Interesting stuff...
thank you :) it was just chicken tenders, Tuscan-flavored broth, mushrooms onions and noodles
Praying over our first ever YLX Africa Trip to Sierra Leone leaving this morning out of Tyler, Texas, to go serve as Work Crew at Camp in SL
Q1 #solopr baking your CPA holiday cookies can't hurt. Read @ a receipt organizer, feed them thru & poof, they're itemized. Wish list.
It's a family event. squeezing into the green spandex would've bumped it to the inappropriate zone
doing great! Enjoying my day off!
And what does that mean????
Congrats from on your new baby! I (co-founder) have 2 kids and parenting ROCKS!
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Poetic Justice !
Sad that grandkids are gone but will see them in Knoxville for Christmas
guess that bonus money really did pay for a trip.
#Str8LykeDes... So tired of people....
Check out , an interesting project by that explores connecting physical and digital communities through twitter.
lol thats ok im gonna wake her ass up
Those friends that never fail to catch every single passerby's attention. RT if you're one of them or if you have a friend like that!
Steve Blake. That is all.
what makes somebody wanna lie to another's face for no reason.. i dont get it
oh, damn, i was just going to name my blog "burn it down and salt the earth!"
I wish ellie goulding could sing me to sleep everynight
OMG! True that. Maybe Microsoft's ex-excel "designer."
Summer Snow will be closed on Friday, April 6th, and we wish everyone a happy Easter!
You guys, Ross just slept with the copy girl when they wee on a break. It's bad guys. Gunther just told Rachel.
RT if you said or thought about 'JUSTIN BIEBER' today ‹з . (Follow me, i just got an auto-follow back to follow back everyone.)
Will trade white office paper and/or dishwashing services for tater tots
por que yolo. Haha yeah, I hope I can handle what life hurls at me!
I think the school who hires him will be very pleased
Westlake people. Remember I was a trumpet player? Had to fill that role again during a session. Recalled why I did it all those years.
Life is hard as fuck but you cant be negative all the time.
---nice crazy ones video--great job on the blog---thanks!
Any nice girl confessions from our fans? She's coming up next on The Country Network!
yes, it has been awhile. We moved to Madison this past winter What an amazing university & town I am fortunate enough to be in
I wish I could :-( I need new clothes, like i have so much but idk ive worn it all ugh
Improvisational jazz by members of Tortoise at Rodan in Chicago (w/our hero Samir from Office Space). $$$$$$Hollaaaa$$$$$$!!!
It is not a calamity to die with dreams unfulfilled, but it is a calamity to have no dreams.....
follow me please if your not already!!!:)?please
": So what's everyones favorite trey songz song???" More Than That
": If something bad happens you drink in an attempt to forget; if something good happens you drink in order to celebrate."
Just ridiculous how they think they can get us to pay for their mistakes. Stop #SDG&E
"Super bass" :)
your amazing and anygirl would be luky to have you, I love you and please follow me! :)
I appreciate your RT. Thank you.
is now a TRUE "PAKALITE!!!!"
yes baby boy working that night shift.
Me & Ace is sick like Malaria carriers.Jim Carry ya to the cemetery and bury ya...I'm still amazed when I heard that nigga said that.
: Want an iPad? Follow & RT this tweet to win a Free iPad! We have 5 to give away!
Companies create customers in their own image. Standout brands create standout customers.
what you doing Saturday?
i'm glad YOU exist because now when i go into outerspace i have someone to go with me #spacebros ;)
I know what u mean.I started crying bout 2 mins into that eps & cried all the way thru it:'( I still cant believe OTH is over:(
Congrats on your new show! Much deserved. DVR all set for the whole season!
#quotes If we are together nothing is impossible. If we are divided all will fail.
Heh. Exactly. But they do super cool stuff! Well, at least while there's still a post office.
thank you for reading.
We buy running and non-running #cars, #trucks and
#sixwords Lovely metal shines my way home.
where?! East?!
We're getting reviewed by the New Courier!
g'nite everyone <3 i have a long day ahaead of me. its 2 am and i have a wedding to go to tomorrow. D: its gunna be fun though :D
Bo!!! RT : Head's up #ESLSymp2012 people. #Humidity RT : Roof will be open tonight.
It�s good to put your dog's needs first and take responsibility for his state of mind and behavior
I can't believe it's almost over. The last few days flew by.
Building on south east corner of post and Hyde evacuated
3 JP Morgan execs to resign? They haven't been fired ALREADY?
velocity and css, oh my
Stuck 1k within 2hrs of getting here. Finish day 1 +$7. Thanks guy for stacking off w/ kk 400bbs deep
This production is turning into an Oprah moment.
Heads up, links for "The Rocky Mountain Collegian" & your tumblr are dead on your personal website contact page.
it's okay. we're like peas and carrots
RT : #sschat give the citizens test or the Literacy test of the Civ Righs Movement <- I have done this w/CRM unit; always 'works'
It is not sex that gives the pleasure, but the lover.
Chuck you type too fast // RT : Well, at this rate, Josh Tomlin is going to throw a 60-pitch complete game shutout.
For those asking, our screening of AMERICAN REUNION in Dallas is still on for tonight. Weather can't stop us from watching movies!
iTS EASY tO lOVE. BUt HARD tO FORGEt.
April 9 Tcash bday bash. Goin dwn dallas tx liveRT : Say its her destiny. She say its her destiny.
Man if Rondo ever gets a mid-range.....and I do mean
There is a kid sitting next to me at the academic meet who is asleep, and snoring realllyy loud. Good grief.
one day*
What's this about Kim Kardashian banging Brett Favre?
I think Kentucky will get Bennett and I believe this team will make a serious run at a repeat
how many timles have u seen the #brewers fail plate a run w risp and promptly get buried in next inning sheesh
Lmaoo RT : nothing just being you and you're never good
Just live it right, and you'll avoid the wrong.
We've arrived at the Grand Canyon, 12 hours after departing denver.
went to a fundraiser, then the batting cages, had a blast; & now it's the worse fucking night of my life. gunna go cry like a bitch. duces.
Happy Thanksgiving, to everyone, very thankful for family, friends, and my twitter friends. God Bless!!
"Good Morning! Inner Quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."-JimmyScott Hamilton Have a great day!
why you sad
Thanks to everyone who watched the new episode! We saw on PHSTREAM that 1.000.000 viewers are watching! Thanks guys! We`ll follow some of u!
": For those who said that nobody @ SJ match; official Attendance 21,816 :)" SJ should be able to afford a DP on those numbers
That's what our experience has shown us! lol
Thank you! The last email I got from said I might be influential on the topic of "Milan." Milan?? Me? I dont think so.
Pink lemonade is the shizzzzz ✌
Was there! Congrats to Rachel. What's next for her?
When "Shaun Livingston" is trending nationwide, it rarely indicates anything positive.
Leave your brunch dogs at home
the truth I do not understand English I could you speak Spanish?
Jean Henry Mead
#WutILove when a guy jus does something special for da hell of it... Not jus bcuz its a holiday or special occassion..
gonna be at the track too tough to tame?
Oh, that is fabulous! Recommend away. Yes, am working on something new. Say a prayer it starts to go a little faster :)
ikr she's so gorgeous and amazing<3 ppl really need a life -_-
Very groovy.
it seems is a re-connector also. hope all is going well for you.
wednesday? big presentation earlier that day and I'll definitely need a drink. I'll check with drew. You check w/ goretti?
damn it man
Just wanted to let everyone know has the best tweets I've read follow her if you can handle the truth”
is it weird that I'm watching this on a Sat night or am I just getting old? :)
RT LADY_LARSINY That bitch need to get her some money. She wouldn't be spending all mine!
Call me when you get the chance.
you look good without your braces!!
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you. But simply to say thank you, for all I have.
If you don't like Tiger Woods, I suggest you turn off your TV & log off Twitter for a couple weeks.
dido RT : I aint met a girl in my life who wouldnt date me.
what happens to all the schmitters and hot dogs that were made for today?
NO MORE WIRE HANGERS!
At red carpet screening Extremely Loud Incredibly Close. Stars entering room!
"It's not about who you spend the most time with. It's about who you had the best memories with"
1800th tweet goes out to Please hurry up..we in da hood
olive juice!
it was tan & had a few different sized brown beads.
Random house or other #book publishers: i have a big idea for you. If you take this on, a lot of people will want to buy it. 1912
RT : Exactly. RT : The guy who lost a debate to Romney and Santorum thinks he can win against Obama?
i just got home at exactly 12:00 so they're calling me cinderella lol
**BANDS! contact me for SHOW and INTERVIEWS**
That was cranky? Never would have known.
Good call! Nail polish remover works great for removing temporary tattoos.
Haha you know we got you, T ;)
why cant 11:11 wishes always come true:( my 11:11 wish was you but ur still not mine...
It was more "root" instead of "route". I'm sure it was autocorrect but even still.
Same here. Want to like Pinterest but just can't muster the enthusiasm.
I've got 5$ on Gemologist
93 to Evanston -- now playing: yankee hotel foxtrot
Fuckin With This "The Definition" Jawn!!!
Nice! Remind him about shadowing aldermen!
kicked off July with 10 glorious miles this morning, all of 'em averaging under 9:00. thinking it's going to be a pretty good month.
where Lin go
Why must I use IE with PowerSchool?
Happiness is a state of mind or feeling characterized by contentment, love, satisfaction, pleasure, or joy. Cambridge A. L. Dictionary
Forget about when you want it done right...just when you it done at all...do it yourself #jmiah with the assist
Oh yes, I'm the McClains' friend.
i am
The only reason #ozzie was suspended is so the Marlins don't lose fans. It was the right move but it need not be taken further.
We need or to call audibles on hashtags. Death to spambots
*tears* RT : #Vols legend Peyton Manning Set To Part Ways With Colts
Permanent Jet Lag
RT #Taurus could not be bothered with relationship talk. Save that shit for the counselors. tru! :/
Looking to work with new like minded individuals
We'll be at Bale's Marketplace – Cedar Mill today from 3–7 p.m. sampling Brew Dr. Kombucha!
At what age you start to #play piano?
I LOVE Saturday's!
It's about time we get some nice weather in Portland. For once, Oregon's actually doing it right. Time to go to Saturday Market.
ahaa :) havent talked to you in a LONG time :/ ehhh oh well lol x) ahaha but yeaah so howw you been?
Currently giving my Canon #G12 a B-vitamin boost by installing #CHDK for long shutter speeds over the aurora in Iceland this weekend
I AM LEGEND - PAT FORD*
I hope I get a day off this week so I can get my tattoo done
and by avoiding, I mean worshiping at Eddie's Attic! Life circles around...
you aren't allowed to wear stripes anymore. Reminds me too much of Louis. Sorry to disappoint.
Don't worry - they're coming. I had some meetings and now I'm back in action!
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
LOL, well then I will just think of my laptop and iPad as free weights.
Why She Tellin Everybody Business.... Then She Twisting The Words ...
nobody loves the quite like
it's so on. when will you return to this homeland?? ;)
A black dish is fresh from the mold -- photo session happening now; listing to follow.
It's funny to see my wife getting out there. She's going to figure out what I've been up to....LOL
10 I got next year aha
- Thank you for setting them straight on the #EFM - #EM thing! Boo-ya! I am dancing in my living room, P.S. Nolan is an idiot.
I should come!
Cooking breakfast in the ancient oven set off CO detector for the first time at 400 ppm. Glad we're getting new kitchen in May!
If you hate your job THAT much, leave so someone who appreciates it can have it.
I agree. But look up the word diet: kind of fds that a person, animal, or community habitually eats.
Open Up and BLEED!!
I miss you column in the Austin American Statesman on Sunday. I enjoyed reading about how you and your husband viewed life
sry for leaving so fastly. Brother needed it.. :)) alright tty soon :)
Had them WildCats beating Duke lol
At #Haiti embassy with the #ambassador, nice to meet you!
Forever 21 makes me legitimately horny.
HA! At least I know how two spell "knows"
what up babe. Omg im addicted to strippers
are there many of us? LOL
100: being a bro has nothing to do with gender. if you're always rad and forever legit, you've got what it takes.
I LOVE YOU <3
that comment gave me a huge smile. Thank you.
Writing a poem for someone is harder then I thought :/
where are you?
oh pretty lady dont you think its crazy.
thanks! How are things!?
I'm gonna laugh when Paris Hilton is a fucking bomb ass DJ and all y'all are making fun of her, if she sucks then I'll still laugh 😂
By the way, first round it's Kevin Dineen vs Pete DeBoer who Dineen succeeded as Panthers coach.
Oh I Will! is my latest addiction :)
We have a peach travertine that is stunning. Especially outside.
I'm Glad it's Friday. At work now talking x-rays in lots of patients...College class later. Hope we can finish by 8pm. Hv a nice wk-end.
Tonight starts our "Soul Review" Friday night residency. , , , starts at 8 with
TY for the fav! Happy tweeting!
every time you check in here I think it says McDonalds!
Was having a talk about TV shows yesterday and the dwindling quality of some *cough*The Office*cough*.
hope to see you next year in a Packer uniform!
We're sitting in on the webinar: Getting to #CRM: Lessons Learned. Excited to learn new tips & tricks from other firms.
#AustinTo700K !! <<< TREND THAT!(:
in May? Last years standings on 5/8 had the #Brewers in 5th place with a 14-20 record.
me too
thank you so very much! Thank. You to tony! What a hottie!
how tf did it piss you off?
Me too! I'm wearing my husband's socks.
Don't let your dark past, ruin your bright future!
xD oh ok. it's because the other say i kept texting you, PARK? PARK? PARK? BITCH PARK OR WHAT?
So my gma just told me I use to didn't have a butt...but now I do
Something similar happened like that last week I believe. Smh
Over 40 Boston-area merchants added this week! Find a business near you on RepeatReceipt!
I love the song in that new Buick Cadillac commercial. Love it, must find it
Many musical thanks for following to , , , and
Stop letting your business software frustrations get in the way of your success. Integrate. Relax.
the bad part is no more sexy pics of justin to crop her out of and put as our icons.
NEW FRESH STICKY FROSTY NUGPORN DANK IN: X OG, OG Kush (Organic), Romberry! Still highest rated collective in the area www.WEEDMAPS.com ;)
So proud and happy to say that I'll be recording in 2 studios I've never recorded in before in the same week (OceanWay and Quonset Hut)!!!
oh love it - great perspective :)
Because the truth is, it doesn’t really matter who I used to be. It’s all about who I’ve become.
Heat aint playing in this game
Good morning. Remember to smile! God bless.
I'm growing to love hackathons. I participated in one here in Austin on Sat. Lots of fun and def a learning experience.
Thank you! We look forward to it
i say 2 's
he offered great insights today, great local site he and have going
Congrats to South Florida's Jason Pierre-Paul, a 1st-round NFL Draft Pick to NYG. Pierre-Paul, out of Deerfield, is USF's highest draft pick
duo buddy
Had to go in on that for a second.
Sometimes one phone call changed the whole situation .. However, and not the phone rang too many changes.
well I thought you would have seen it! :/ oh well it was for you anyways! :)
Us too!
nfl: coaches used to dress up (tom landry); now there are former-player-coaches who are fat and cranky and refuse to look good.
You want beef? You don't even know what's at stake. X
dunno, I'm kinda diggin' the Sunday callback ;-)
likes having wifi doesn't she?
Apple's stock is going down…down…down…down. :(
sick cover broski!
haha my brother is hyper right now cause of his medicine. It said a side effect is being hyper and not wanting to sleep (x
Why am I stressing about my grades right now? Like hyperventilating...
76% of WVians want more public options in education
Feeling much better finally lol now that the weekend is over smh
RT : A5: It takes a lot of time to find a job, so if you don't have one right when you graduate there's still time...
Laundry is like the 1960s UCLA teams, unbeatable
We get it: You don't want another "PD Day." edcampcincy.org
Im almost exactly the same, i really dont use 3g alot.. Google maps if i need, email, and i honestly rarely ever tweet on phon
RT : My son is doing a presentation on China and would love any artifacts you can spare. Reply if you have any tidbits. Thanks!
I can't even make a simple web page for myself without having an existential crisis.
I feel so safe and secure knowing that Metro's New York Ave station manager is on top of things today..
hi I'm a big fan I <3 u so much and on shake it up you are amazing :) have a good day Bella <3
are you going to the indy 500? I need some info if you want to see Benny bennasi with all of us!
Well, fuck you too.
I will be at Otay Ranch Farmers Market from 4-8 Tues 4/3 for the walk for animals, I will be giving away a free lunch for 2 and treats.
Hell Yea!! Lol You too dude!
Please hit like to support my Cousin's Goddaughter-Melody - Gotta Go (ft. Ayze) 17 Year Old Kurdish Iranian Singer: via
little old to be fishing for retweets, don't ya think?
People of philadelphia The Dirges will be at the Northstar Bar at 2639 poplar st doors at 9 hope to see you there
This damn work day better go by fast, i got shit planned for tonight.
Then stay outta' the sun.
any drawing made by by is a must own
Yeah u stright now u don't won't or need the JUICE!
i got 2 spams from u
(In "Schott" glasses, of course! #CMAConference)
not the rock ballad version...
and we are that band who loves it!
easy there Mitch jr.
Slouching Toward Github. :/
were you winning? (x
is gonna grow up to be a rapist. or into s&m.
Another Monday. Put my weekly inspirational quote up on my white board but so far coffee is the only thing motivating me through the morning
Haha, that makes so much sense now.
I wasn't offered the new Twitter format. So, what's that all about? Rude!
on my R&B ish... got a new talent dropping this fall stay tuned!
Can't wait Austream in 30 minutes
We open at noon!
Divine's clinic Promo￼:Microdermabrasion Whitening including Whitening Serum n Mask only 300 K.Info:021 3190823,3922021,087880536758.
you've GOT to be kidding me... #seriously?
why did you miss idol?
The crowd left when #LordTensai came out. Way to kill the ratings too.
If I can pull it off, my thesis is going to be awesome. #finalsmakemecrazy but
#HowToPissAFemaleOff TELL HER U LOST YOUR JOB ON YOUR WEDDING NIGHT
Been up all morning social networking about my business partner and good friend Alhamdulillah God has been so kind to us lately :)
Long lasting, great pricing on squeegee material available in 60, 70, 80 Duro. Squeegees available w/wood or aluminum handles. check it out.
To buy or not to buy, that is the question. At $38/share, is valued at $104B.
I need a vacation that will give me some much need rest.. lol hope your able to relax :)
Dont let anyone bring you down! Keep shinning to the fullest!!
For what it's worth Pusha T definitely has the best line of the new decade: "Young, rich and tasteless"
I can't help but get excited every time I see a commercial for Titanic in 3D
Stoked to be playing Stork Club on Thursday, Dec 1st. Shake Me!, Dreams, TRAILS AND WAYS, Steinway Junkies, Spooky Flowers. Be there!
. says mandatory paternity leave in Sweden has served as a professional equalizer
Point Break is going to be on repeat all weekend. "Little hand says it's time to rock and roll. "
My new pizza and doughnut diet won't help you lose weight, but it will make you more pleasant to be around than if you were eating salads.
Just saw that Men in black 3 is coming out..
This lady belly is abnormal
OK, I'll give you the Caps being in the playoffs tonight, but cmon #nats fans -- really? only 16K for Stras?
Tribe rippin Boston!
2nd largest civilian dry dock on East Coast. Used to be Naval Annex to Charlestown.
I know it's wrong but it feels so right maybe I'll just add another scar tonight.
Oh&in other news either some creeper in my class touched my neck,someone threw something,or the schools haunted&a ghost touched me.
*sigh* I'm debating between Insanity, basketball or God of War 2 after work.
Dr. Drew Ramsey shares latest science for nutritional prescription for sharp brain & balanced mood on today's show.
I wonder if I will get caught on camera saying something ridiculous at the open house tomorrow...
why is soo adorable? :)
I can't wait to get this month's issue of Time Magazine with attachment parenting on the cover and breastfeeding.
good luck with that "awesome" reading you're doing.... haha. I know how that feels. I'm torturing myself with Don Quixote -__-
I'll always remember you <3
DONALD'S IN THE FINALS! YES!
that is so unfortunate.
why in ohio? lol
dont remind me the past!
Fallin Down The Same Rabbit Hole Lookin For Love..
There are no gains without pains. - Benjamin Franklin
what is the most important part of remaining true to yourself ?
there ya go
You are coaching the ones who are early adoptors. I'm not sure most people are ready for a wildly different career path.
Started panicking that I'd talked myself in to the friend zone with Liara in Mass Effect 3 last night. A case of art imitating life?
Oh, and I want that Truck Driver/PR Person job. Where to I apply?
My paper for Global Techmining Conf. shows smartphones helping to bridge the digital divide in communicating with gov.
and just last night I had a dream about a pepperoni waffle pizza called a "hole in one!"
bed, no to excited for party day! have i yawned once no do i have o get up at 8 yes am i gonna drink tons of coffee hell yeah haha
Everyone, please share our bandpage! We have a $5 show at the Rock Room this Friday the 18th with Hartford and Speaker For The Dead!
I second that statement. :) Welcome to Hollyweird. ;)
We would like to welcome our new neighbors at #ReebokCrossFitBackBay! Stop by to see how CrossFit can benefit you!
Buenos Dias :o You should have some Blueberry for breakfast.
I am dead with love for Kate Winslet. Dead.
Happy Birthday ! Hope you're maxin and relaxin.
Winning isn't everything but wanting to win is. ~ Vince Lombardi
oooeee wait till u hear the NEW
Interesting. // RT : Good point by pal : No #Pulitzer winner for any Arab Spring coverage.
Dixie is calling y'all, I reckon you should answer.
Modeling is more stressful than most jobs, believe it or not!
Agreed. The lack of bylines also began to grate on me when I learned the identities of some columnists I had prev treated as gospel.
VIRGIN MARY OMFG
School's Out for Summer...watch out for little ones as you do your rides this summer!
and I love how BOTH dog and cat lovers are optimists! yes, we are, dammit, don't even try to deny it! :-)
"Save the cheerleader, save the world"... Hiro
let them hear your voice lady
RT Thanks for tweeting our story!
O_O o I can't believe you. After everything we been through ? smh
"You suck at driving, but you're pretty so its ok" -random guy to a girl driver... I feel like thats not the best way to pick up girls
“: Giving your best friend that look when you see someone attractive.”
Visit our website and see the events section. Come out and support the APEX programs.
well thats disheartening.
On the day you were born, so was your potential to fascinate the world.
love this! you look blissed out.
Hi Tara: I am a journalist who covers beauty. I would love to speak to , re: M.A.C. Glitter & Ice campaign. Best, CL
I've gotten feedback from some people that it does.But they tend not to be the people who step up and coordinate otherwise
Dropping Music today!!! Stayed tuned
RT : Passion is fueled by a meaningful purpose.
Hiking Radnor today and it's gorgeous!
the ones you love! Its just the way of life! Thanks again take it easy and who knows maybe I'll see you in the UFC as well!
I Thought he #Died because of his #WebSite #FunnyOrDie RT i bet you didn't know had a Twitter. lol
Two A's reach in the bottom of the 1st, but Wegman gets Canseco and Lansford to end the threat. No score.
What makes a woman memorable? Her looks? Walk? Je ne sais pas.. :-)
YES! Dinner group would be great.
Awesome Catch!!!! Go #Nats!
aww :) Thanks! It was actually from my most recent trip to NYC!
I wish I had a pet liger
I hate when im singing a song the the artist gets the lyrics wrongg..
Nothing brightens a day (or cures a funk) quite like an acceptance.
now that someone else has it, it's no longer cool. Too mainstream.
What one can be, one must be. -- Abraham Maslow
Playing bird-opoly a stupid game but i'm #Winning lmao
SO ready to move to NYC, or LA. Gotta be where the music is. Gotta be in a place that's more alive.
Lost Abbey Angel's Share and Stone 11/11/11 on tap
hey do u hate me?
I knoow I really new to cut carbs now, but the more that I work out the more ravenous I get in the afternoons haha
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Glide Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
Can i get a small " Hi " It would make my life :{) i just wanted 2 say that I love you and you're a huge inspiration to me<'3
Thanks for coming to L.A. I missed your veggie burgers.
Interested in itaka sustainable scholarship 2010? Follow
if you let me in . . . ill take care of you :)
You're VERY welcome!! Have an amazing time and thanks again for using ShowClix :) Happy New Year!
At the studio s/o to Jvon on da beat, FGM, got my smoke, got my drank... ewww
shouldn't you be working and not tweeting.
RT - right about now would be a great time for Charlie Sheen to have a twitter account
thank you for the heads up, yes, although we care deeply about being healthy, no one at 2nd State tweeted about weight loss
Perfection is unreal.
I will! I love having a chance to hang out with far-flung peeps. One of the advantages of traveling for speaking!
Thank you! We're taking suggestions for our next cover photos as well!
You forgot the ""'s around apologize.
whoa sorry man. I was just getting marketplace sell pieces on the marketplace too.
I do a lot of dance videography, and starting a blog soon to share my insights on it. I use Pinnacle Studio for my editing.
You would be surprised! I have heard some wild shit! Doesn't help that I'm always too nice
Got a 2nd job.
a branch of the "vine" that migrated to England, then "grew over the wall" to America.
is recovering from surgery, but the Smart Aleck Staff has at least THREE guides in the works while he's out!
quote- "Don't turn down what's free!"- Shemell perry, love her!
Dep Chief Blankenbaker of will moderate Interference or Assistance: Media, Social Citizens and the Speed of Information
tell you friends to vote!!
MENU : What you'll never see again after buying a computer because you'll be too poor to eat in a restaurant Alfred. E. Neumann
It's NYE Eve on the Las Vegas Strip come celebrate in the Riv poker room
I have a feeling we'll have school tomorrow..
You guys need to try THIS burger!
You're right. I'll do just that and then report back. Meanwhile, imagine the golf photo I want to send you
YAY! Do you have DVD? If so, check the special features. You'll see all the trailers you know who did.
Ping me and let's have you down to the HQ here. I have some ideas I would love your take on. Cheers
Awww thanks! I try to be. I think I should get a job at the lib then I could get paid to study :)
Maybe you shouldn't be driving. And the insulin is gramma's, not yours. Of course you didn't need it. :)
love you my child! :) text me tomorrow!
u are racist
i Like that cause i can relate to that
this is my fourth time in the last twenty-four hours of listening to amy winehouse's "back to black" in its entirety. this needs to stop.
You will spent the rest of your life trying to escape from your genetic predestination or you will become donor in a sperm bank
That explains a lot about the Challenge. RT : Cinnamon can legally carry up to 1 milligram of animal excrement per pound!
And of course, the point of my account's existence.
Can't Please Everyone!
cause there porn stars Mario :b
In Greenville, SC with GETTING READY TO TURN UP...UP IN HERR
I love naps.
Madd hungry can't wait to get to this party!!
Super Bowl time!(:
This church field trip could really use a Bollywood sequence.
girl I already know bout them that is the bomb too but i really need some fried pickles....lol
I just purchased Royskopp latest CD Junior it's really great. Yes it deserves five stars!
i should be in bed. body pump tomorrow morning. then a lot of working.
Quote Car Insurance- Relevant Resource Concerning Insurance Auto Quote The much more quantity of car insurance coverage rate
Hey mama, i seen vid and i think u pray about iraq. I think its a good opp 2 go and get tht money! im rooting 4 u! xoxo
#vsa2011 I <3 social media, and you should too! Or hire someone who does ;)
Yesterday I rode the elevator with a moth. Terrifying. Today we found a dead mouse under the desk. Gross. Hoping for an animal free tomorrow
We need a set designer for our production of BEIRUT, in NYC. Putting it out there. XXOO BLUE
Derek trucks and kofi b on stage with lettuce! Woo! Sick!
#IfIMeetTheBoyz, my dream would come true. To hug what first inspired me to follow my heart.
I think I saw you there! I was the one with the fabulous food and staff!
Well, somehow in the midst of the move, taco bell border sauce got stuck in the printer paper feed. Yeah, it was tasty
I couldn't handle the ignorance I was seeing on my TL. Done now though, carry on lol.
Sorry we missed each other in Austin!
taco bell is icky.
except maybe awesome-ication, . but that's not a buzzword, is it?
": u could start a #planepool" my mind is blown
why you say that?
the past is bullshit. the future is bullshit. the now is what i live in.
Looking for someone to take my extra ticket to #Brewers-#Giants game.
Yes! They curved it! :)
Thank you to everyone! This season of Community Supported Art is officially sold out!
RT : Don't flatter yourself, I'm over you. -Keith Whitley
Also, I'm freaking obsessed with my mission team :) if I haven't already said that enough.
going to lunch with Wanna join?
when is Filter coming to Philly!!!!
He makes a brilliant point: offer scholarships to international students.
Got up early to read Gov Docs. On to the dentist and then back to read Digi Libraries and work on
A couplet!
contemplating how the same government that can't fix the DMV is going to run the big auto companies
what have you been doing with your life?!
Why would anyone want to format tables in MS Word?!
Moving forward....can't look back now....my past propels me towards my future.
“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.”- Thomas A Edison
There is always that one person that pisses you off, no matter what they say or do.
Thank you for Your Support and for spreading the word - Only 13 Votes behind.
Jaune Plensa "Genus and Species" starting Saturday. Talk about a WOW! www.nashersculpturecenter.org.
Maybe it�s not always about trying to fix something broken ... Maybe it�s about starting over and creating something better
I read that article. It's a great sign!
whenever I want the hotel jacuzzi to myself, I sit facing the jets. No one bothers me when I do that.
"I volunteer, I volunteer!" still gets me plus the countdown and that great Jennifer Lawrence sprint at the end.
Watching Pretty Woman like I've never seen it before.
will do :) I was thinking maybe I'd come up for Jimmy's book signing as a get well present for myself. It's in June, right?
this needs to come back to Cincinnati! #Bunbury #I know you are listening
Nope it's the only way. RT : What is a socially acceptable way of asking a guy out at the gym, other than "grab his wiener"?
Do you want to share your perfect #protein shake recipe with the Twitter world?! ;) I love making protein shakes too!
Getting home to peace and quiet after 8 hours of being with little people :) aahhhh time to relax 😌
My religion is you!
probably but you knew Goodell was coming down hard to set an example. Player punishments won't be pretty
#NowPlayingTrack - "Heroes" by The Wallflowers
just come out of i was getting my tickets for the bully movie screening :)
that Tree joint is il
The real opportunities are the smaller interactions and relationships. Move it local and you'll make a big impact.
How's it Going Bro
i see. well i haven't been on here that much to know what i'm doing. its 21 mins in. just said happy b day and kept it moving.
Seeing parents on a college campus is kinda like seeing a bunch of teenagers at chuck e cheese
Soon you'll get a first glimpse of Wobegon and Mildred...COVER and we will be done soon...Can't wait to see ur beautiful art, Kent Yoshimura
packing this weekend!! luckily I still have plenty of boxes from the last move...
good job Tony
#Brewers fan just yelled "Show us why you're here!" at .213-hitting Aramis Ramirez, who promptly delivers a three-run triple.
I hope so, because if not, it would seem like she's taunting me
Blue Jays acquire Ben Francisco from the Phillies
Sure, it does not fit with any of them really.
Cold, cloudy, rainy day on Oahu today. Guess you need to have the rainy ones to appreciate the warm, sunny ones!
In hell, every movie stars Keanu Reeves and Winona Ryder.
We're having our first #BWEChat tonight after a three week hiatus. Come by and talk about your #BWELA takeaways - tonight at 9:00 p.m. EST
May the Schwartz be with you.
hit #reply, not
mommys takin me to school( #Starbucks 💜☕
Cry every time I hear #TurnToYou ! Beautiful , really touching! <3
*you come onto the stage* I: wow you are gorgeous! -
"Success is not something you pursue. Success is something you attract because of the person you become."
Chilly as well, hoping it'll warm up soon
i hate not having my truck :c
A well-maintained vehicle is a safe vehicle. Learn to keep yours in tip-top shape. Baldwin Boettcher Branch. Monday 6PM....
I can never chase a dick! I guess an ugly Bitch gotta do that!
I feel so mexican right now...lol
not sure I can make next week -- but will try my best.
Just took a great nap, so I pretty much got life all figured out
so I'm gonna be in Hilton Head this weekend. Gonna relax and play some golf with friends!
ctfu u lied
lmao put a bra on! Cause that ain't right!
Take yourself out for dinner and drink(s) and book-reading.
Totally thrown off by the clientele of Lee's tonight. The 40-somethings are bawdy and unruly and the 20-somethings are chill and composed...
you are welcome for the follow
A hot home-cooked meal can make you feel like you've gotten a hug. Stop in, we'll hug you all you want!
Haha nice! Now you don't have to be too professional with this account! Jk.
Alot of celebs are quiet about the #TrayvonMartin case....care more about march madness and other frivelous things
With a little over a week away, which #NYCWFF event are you most excited to indulge in?
leah wants me to tell you that she is getting mushy
Promote yourself for free on the promotion site on my page. :) If you don't need tell a friend that could.
my computer has 0% battery but is still running....wtf...
me too!!! See you soon!
Is it possible to access on computers?
Hm...wrong account for that :/ RT : I need an immanent death threat to get me outta bed.
It's my favorite part.
WWS is the alcohol equivalent of more than half a six pack of "regular" beer. Probably best to avoid with the wife at 38 weeks
give us another great novel featuring the Clowns Den and all the other dens of sin around 24th and Camelback.
TODAY IS BIEBER'S DAY BUT ALSO #BELIEBERS DAY!
": Mondays are the worst"
PROGRAMMING ALERT: Packers WR Jordy Nelson joins The Mike Heller Show today at 4:15pm!
If I guy named Noah Starts Buliding a boat....Im so going on it =)
dude, I know. I Pity the Foo should be opening for you now. Just name the date. P.S. When is your Bremerton show!?!
My dad just encouraged me to drink and drive.... not surehow to take that one lol.
Just rewrote a jerk-ass email (with me playing the part of the jerk) as a "here's a problem, can we enact this solution?" email instead.
STOP COMPARING AUSTIN TO JUSTIN , They are two different people!
When you're 3, the world is like one giant coloring book.
Who says I can't get stoned? Turn off the lights and the telephone? Me in my house alone. Who says I can't get stoned?
Krista Lopez right in front of Gaul in the box. From out of nowhere the freshman defender Whitney Jaynes comes flying in to block Lopez
Nor do they value your trades. When will I be able to peruse them?
Sometimes my whole 'not being a ho' approach to dating just ends me up in the friend zone.. maybe I should put out more. :P lol
A damper on the #TasteandPlay-son woke with a high fever just as guests were arriving. Still managed to taste, no play :(
exactly -.- so i just reply to shut them up
I'll remember more - we made lots of things. :) is VERY creative & crafty I'm sure she has ideas
Staring at a dead body in a movie to see if you can catch them breathing. Hahaha follow me! #teamfollowback I never seem to catch them.:/
#DrunkFoundingFathers Alexander Hamilton-ic and vodka
I meant Bryan! RT Great interview Donn!
do you think he would be a good addition to the mls
I don't understand one day were like brother and sister, and then the next day you say we'll never be the same..
Let go and forgive. :)
I've come to the conclusion that since we're princesses we shouldn't have to work. Let's quit our jobs.
That's true :P
Best news ever! Ah!!!! I get to promote what I love most :) spreading good vibes!
Ready for #WON12 session on walk friendly communities. Deb Hubsmith from is speaking - a Leader!!!
if you tweeted me that would mean so much!! I love you to the moon and back Scotty<3 plz tweet me :)
Thx Lindsey. Hope you're doing well. :)
Ans:The melted chocolate bar in his pocket. Two years later, in 1947, Raytheon began selling microwave ovens to the public
You were spot on with your quote in Inc. mag, more importantly now how does one fix that? :)
Can't stand hearing people chew on their food... Manners dude
not coming home. Brewer game tix
i love wildlife documentaries.
Hanging out in 441... Seeing things that I posted on the wall with but why isn't the door locked?
Sometimes it's the simple things...
Huh frustrated as fuckkkk
lol, TRUE & i am fraking working all day today, why!?!?!
If your bf stops his video games or basketball game etc to see you , talk to you , or texts you . Marryy that guy lol
Where did you buy or get Moo? I want a bunny!
14 Yet Cainan lived to be 910 years old before he died.
#imALLman RT : weird. You look like a dude in your pic!
well damn ima go ta steak n shake (:
Katy Perry says if you get #KATHYBETHTERRY trending, she'll release the REAL "Last Friday Night" video. Ready, set, go!
yes. I had to switch it though so you'll be seeing me bright and early tomorrow instead
#CBtakeover tuesday it looked like LA was vulnerable in a full court game? How are you going to get into that friday?
Remember to Convince Yourself First ~Morris Morrison :-)
It's my first tweet! I'm such a late adopter...
This is why I NEVER mail my large drug shipments. RT OSU Baseball Player Arrested After Accepting $35,000 Marijuana Package
yeah definatly coolin it soon. haha hell yeah we're clownin true!
Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your heart or burn down your house, you can never tell." ~ Joan Crawford ~
shut up where are you
“The difficulty of literature is not to write, but to write what you mean." - Robert Louis Stevenson
haahah. alyssa. but he also know were creeping on him 37475737 times as much!! :D
ah, Seattle. Be nice to my librarians at #immsea ! We're sending 2.
grew up on Jordan. He changed the NBA
Did Leonard just seal the deal? Huge offensive rebound and two free throws with 27 seconds left. Big time! One more year!
I am in a mtg, but at next break I will call.
All Time Low - I Feel Like Dancin'
Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination.
I love you
Love your new post. You're more patient than I am. Good perspective.
20% off all candy canes and other inspired holiday gifts. Stocking Stuffers abound.
Just got an email asking if I wanted poker advertising on BotB. Sure do! I'll just give you Admin access & let you do whatever you want!
- #Idea24: Invest donations in a radio station/media channel to relay our positive messages as the people - battle
" woo hoo" *insert mini fist pump here* lmao ;) love u!
I think our is in june
my family has 5 boys and 6 girls (including me) and 16 nieces and nephews and 1 one the way...BEAT THAT(:
I will be on the Morning Blend tomorrow morning, or course talking LinkedIn. Be sure to watch or set your Tivo or VCR, should be fun....
I had a reunion and a wedding. There was no way it was taking a break. And I woke up with a cold!
are u talking to him yet? ill give u a hint he does have a twitter
Nothing better then my ipad, couch, and a blankey. : ) great start to a even better week,
Yes!! Yellow perch trip on Friday!
thank you, good sir
Thank you very much for your diligence. I have sent the information to the email you provided.
hello my twitter follower
I gotta buy another bic. A white one today. Someone tweet me later and remind me. Please. I can't live like htis
Train smells extra "assy" this morning.
You do need offense to win games, what is going on #brewcrew?
What did you think? We'd love to hear your thoughts!
I really dig your signature hand motion. LOL
Watching Intervention. This show is deeply strong.
Never on time for this class
really missed at #milblogcon #milbloggies was trying to stalk you!
(Guy) "I wasn't that drunk!". (Friend) Dude, you congratulated a potato for getting a part in Toy Story."
Good Morning Tweeps😘
I still have 20 more days of school and that's without counting Saturday and Sunday -_-
If you step up imma have to tap that ass. Maybe 2 times. Haa
We have #HappyHour until 6 today - 1/2 off Tap Beers & Appetizers! #Duff Pitchers are $5 all night!
it's an indoor restaurant with air conditioning. Beat the heat!
Wow! Looks delicious! This would go perfect with a nice pint of our Vanilla Porter to wash it down ;)
I would have to agree!
Say hi to SD for me cuz. Glad to hear your back in the states, jealous you and hung out haha. Have fun!
did you get the Mac laptop? Use all the money you saved to go big. Grill is investment, take care of it, worth it
Yes, we don't want our customers showing up to a non-existent location. Simply stating closed is not enough. We need it to be removed.
yeah i changed my password. i know i got hacked. emailing mfs and they thinking i was really hitting them up. smh
For my Negotiation class, I have to close a deal on a bunch of computers… Like I've never done that...
Mahomies from Chicago tweet #MahoneToChicago! :D
Oven was off. I knew it was. But I couldn't remember the moment of turning it off.
Uh, the supreme court gave us Bush.
We have some free coffee samples happening right now in ! Come try some while supplies last!
Not sure why, but I've always felt comforted by Mondrian. Possibly bc in art history class, his work was among the easiest to identify!
getting off work now, looking forward to driving to Altoona later... :) yay! lol... no plans beyond school work and video games afterwards..
keep grinding boo
If you love me , love me unconditional !
If popularity was measured in crossword clues, Esai Morales would be the most famous actor of all time.
New video coming soon. "CAN I BE THE ONE THAT YOU LOVE". This is my reply to Justin Beibers "Somebody To Love".
Lmao today was live ☺
♀I Am More Than A Conqueror♀
I should change my voicemail to... "Hang up & text me." lol
I just tried and you didn't pick up
That's not why people say you're not conservative. You've spent too much time with the lefties at that horrible network
anyone interested in 2 Really good reds tickets for tomorrows game sec 121 row dd DM me or reply
Getting ready to kick off #fb roadshow
The show has been very well received. It's thrilling. I actually met one person who never heard about the Tohoku disaster.
you should probably be able to find the episode online.
I'm so hungry! Geez I feel like I can out eat anyone!
I'd absolutely come to improved Brew House.
This could be very easily the best match of the night. Lets go CM Punk.
ima call you bro
lets get some more goals boys
about to get in the shower then play the xbox 360
Lol Im Done
Sorry but im not going to do that anymore cause I cant get alot of people. But can you do me a favor?? Lol
OK! a Who am I? : 1. an Actor 2. From Iowa 3. I have a twin 4. 1st acting gig was "That 70's Show" 5. Hidden Cameras were a specialty ??
Good Morning Chicago!Today's cake is Dreamy Chocolate Cake!Lovely Chocolate Cake, Raspberry Jam and Cheese Cake. WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
In the home stretch, 80 miles left to our final destination. I last slept in my own bed on April 18.
Happy mom's day to our moms and yours!
I like to send random group texts saying "don't worry got it checked out and it's not an std"
So excited to see you!
Pretty Little Liars in on ^----^
I want some taco bell
Just saw a friend post that they stand with walker because he gave their sister a job. I guess it's okay to cause massive layoffs then?
I think a lot.
It sold out before we could even advertise it. But have faith, there are more spirit dinners in the works.
CBS: DOJ says Woosley’s asst Rollerson created all but one of the travel vouchers/fraudulent documents. She often accompanied him on trips.
How's the recovery coming this morning Milwaukee?
#Peace and love, not hate and war. :-)
You're coming back to Cali??
so do u still wrk at Penney's ? :/
don't listen to that girl. She used to make fun of my 4pm PBJ sandwiches back in school. She eats like a bird.
I'll bet Roy does end up going somewhere
Lol wat to do... Mab I'll buy it and force them to watch it!!!
at least I got the apostrophe right?..... :-/
My name not DICK so keep my name out ur mouth !!!
Figures, my state rep, Sandra Peterson didn't even vote on the stadium proposal. Talk about Minnesota passive/aggressive
thanks for the follow! and now Im inspired to use my iphone more productively
We will! Dinner for 10 squealy teenage girls at Pappasito's -- 15th birthday party. U have fun 2!
will you be my bestfriend?(:
one more question if u ever have free time u should mention me and try to follow me id like that ooh and then u could DM me
And we get the ball after halftime #LetsGoPats!
Thinkin about schools in Euro like to come out for info interviews be nice to catch up and let u show me around if I make it then
be sure to stay on that page and keep hitting that refresh button!
yeah he did along with most of the team. It was a great day for all of SKC fans
miss you too! You're so awesome!
hahahaha!! I have no clue! We make no sense! -_-
Join the first annual Winter Film Award Show. Only 30 days until the celebration begins! (Thats treinta en español)
looking for intern for marketing and promotion of youth basketball events..contact me at
Thank you for buying me lunch today! So happy we work together :-)
So what do you recommend to see/do in Turkey?
Hey there! This is Tom, from Auctionopia. Please e-mail me at about your product. Thanks!
I'm not counting, but I'm pretty sure that I've consumed a milkshake's worth of calories today in cough drops alone.
I need to go back to bed. I got like no sleep last night.
thought there might be a secret login/password on the site to check it out if you were attending. Oh well...
glad you like it :)
Ghirardelli triple chocolate brownies + Tillamook chocolate & peanut butter ice cream. FTW! #PregnancyDiet cc
Hey Brother ! It is suppose to be this month. I am keeping a good eye on it . U can count on me letting U know !
hey, thanks! However, I've not done more in Drupal than a bunch of little fixes.
Mr zamboni is rocking out on the ice skating rink @ the NGA sculpture garden.
Sleep. Always sleep.
Ready to go home
Black people don't commit most of the crime. They commit it a disproportionate amont of crime
oh, and the washington humane society!
We're Live at the Grotto tonight. Great Music, plus all those lights. What's not to like.
Don't miss FuseBox Theatre featuring award winning Chicago Improv team Michael Pizza - Saturday, July 25th at 8pm. www.fuseboxtheatre.com
i'm a big fan with one question, will you follow me?
All I want is my own bar, Why? Cuz I wanna listen to what I want. That is all.
So here's a question... do you show, or not show the Junior Seau memorial? It was a suicide, but he was a legend? Any thoughts?
me and kevin have some clean ass cars. :)
AZ must make the Bengals go 3 and out
