Your a lightweight... Couldnt hang.
OMG, so excited your coming here!!!
Yes! Ugh.
All The Drama At Glenn. fuuuck..
Good luck to the New Mexico Lobos and the NM State Aggies today! Show 'em a thing or two about New Mexico basketball!
oh NOW I get the coveted follow.....hehe!!!
GIMME GIMME GIMME A MAN AFTER MIDNIGHT.
#FF #SEME2011 for some good #sportsbiz insight out of Washington DC
Good morning! :))
Really impressive to see the Bruins acknowledging their fans instead of skating right to the locker room. Classy.
Want to learn how to be ultimately sexy while enjoying a thrilling Florida based novel..read "PYTHON" by Carina Nolan only 7.89 amazon
Whoa. I got 7 responses regarding graphic designers. Sorry if I don't get back to all of you! (The power of Twitter, eh?)
Congratulations on your engagement! : )
thanks babe! so i can't work out profile picture or background picture thing?! or those both just like not working atm? x
I don't think anyone knows how happy kristen and I are right now omfg :')
Tyga make it nasty video >>>>>>>
~kisses you~ :) there.
From prom? Pfft yeah, I ran out that week! My brother bought on Sunday and that was gone by Tuesday..
SNL is so funny!!!
Early dinner with my love! :)
Awesome Surprise, got a regular and a bunch of red letters when getting variant, happy as can be! Thanks Todd
Who knows Steven Tyler. I want to hang with this dude! Funny guy!
i like that one
Y members who refer a friend who joins the Y get a free month and your friend gets 1/2 off the joining fee! Valid until 4/15/12....
That awkward moment when your teacher catches you staring @ her boobs..
yeaa i could have but i ddnt even think about that. Im on my porch right now cause my mama came to work and took my key.
bring thrm to me
I think that was pre-bossing. :) Dosier was a good sport.
haha you mean it's not me for once?! 😜
1941-The #Nazis captured #Belgrade. In #WW2 more #Yugoslavs were killed by other Yugoslavs than by the
Happy 5th anniversary to Jorge, Luis & staff of from your friends at MAGNET!
Just attempted to make green tea using the hot tap water. It sort of worked.
Will be on the 5:00 boat to land, after a 25 day job I will see my wife, my doggie and sleep in my own before! Glory to God!
i will go swimming tonight
we must! Don't hate on The Clique, those are seriously some of my fave books
Its a little to late to say that you're sorry now, you kicked me when I was down but you say don't hurt me no more
that just officially wrote his ticket to the HOF
Remember when TW were on Elvis Duran and he tried to be all multicultural & use the word wanker in a sentence but he used it horribly wrong
I'm glad things are finally going good for once. :)
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” Mae West
The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply. ~Denis Waitley
how about if I feel neutral about horses?
is that why you're acting like a dick today?
you act like you didnt do anything wrong.
#Whimzle is definitely
Did you see DD last night. He was amazing
Amen RT : I'm just going to go ahead and say it. Dunkin' Donuts has better hot coffee than Starbucks.
Live with more a-z of mainstream stuff we have. it's quite a varied mix. tune in. live all day today
just got done reading 4 chapters for my economics class.
Many times. We are using them on our direct mail and printed ads.
let's go to New York then baby!
Love you for making me forget who Peyton Manning is for a night.
Home ice advantages - Boston Globe Boston Globe Home ice advantages Boston Globe Just steps from the Barnard home, kids race up and down th
BREAKING: Madison's Housing Committee rocked by allegations of quorum
Airtran is killing it. 20 minutes early both ways.
thanks, Crystal! <3 How are things?
girl this one cartoon pic of oomf is so sexy
Its cold outside...36°F...
you're my favorite kind of vegan . . The forgetful kind!
more info at www.votemonds.com
Confirmed by checking his twitter: is in fact here.
Soft couches, carpets are unexpected design touches that keep coming up at AAM.
BEAUTIFUL pup. Sending lots of love and good vibes for him.
golf season starts soon... #goinToState are two planning on playing this year?
You have been a busy lady! I hope that business is good and Canada is cool!
bradford gonna torch giants decimated d but close game. 24-21 rams
Good morning tweethearts! Yummy House Blend and Black&Tan brewed this morning.
Getting pumped for the Corey Smith concert in #Cincinnati tonight!
you haven't called me in ages!! With whom are you talking? :)
I think the lobos r going to the 16
#InstantTurnOn Somebody that want to make something of there life!
“: That awkward moment when you wave at someone thinking its your best friend and it's not, but they wave back anyways.”
we'll invite to ease his pain
sorry it's a little late, but thank you!!! Xoxo!
Somehow the spirit in sports makes us want to do our best - probably because the greatest satisfaction often comes from the greatest effort.
love the last name! Where are u from?
This Heat squad look like the '08 Cavs
Rent paid and I got juice I feel like a boss Lol
Hope you guys had a great time!
very interesting... and true! it is for this reason that my new name is LE MEW
#VICTORY home theater is operational anyone want to come to a gaming tournament ?
sure. What do you do in Kentucky anyway?
Im gonna miss him so much :( I feel like everythings gonna fall apart without him :'( I cant stop crying my eyes out!! D':
Ford back at investment grade after 6 years in junk. Did out of court restructuring work better for them than Chrysler's and GM's 11s?
Agree. Pure speculation. No facts connecting dots. RT I can't stand when journalists write stories on their assumptions.
Jack White - Sixteen Saltines
Hate getting teary eyed watching
Just had an amazing couples massage at The Westin, so relaxed:-)
HOLY SHIT ME TOO, HIGH FIVE.
Just ate my dinner in about a minute and 45 second lol
AND I JUST MISSED MY 3,000TH TWEET! :'( oh well, by the time i'm at 4,000 i'll throw a party at my new place :)
Waiting to get picked up from school and it's raining..
I hate days like this.
Pimpin in my convo, bitches come in combos Pictures of Christopher on my wall all in my condo
No, it definitely said she didn't have an e-mail. Unless they changed that in the Random House edit.
agreed! I'm glad they're coming back=]
Tonight the better team is decided not by the team with more runs, but the team with a stadium roof.
get that computer keyboard going, email which will send your opinion to all 9 of the supervisors.
I know u ride with the windows down with If not he would suck up all the air in the truck. #SHOTGUNNOSE. LOL
yeah okay
it's epically cliché but amanda seyfried makes it 100x better.
that says a lot about you yo a lot of nigga don't even understand that song
Carnell Lake A-Phi-A RT : “: Roll Tide!!!!! ”GOMAB” Hey keep that off my TL! Please & Thank you
May run a full in 3 wks, if not I'll run a couple of 1/2's late summer & I've got Chicago in Oct. Races keep me happy :) x
Today is a beautiful day, cannot wait for my b-day tomorrow turning 43!
Can't wait to hear about the trip!! haha
Missing certain things
Looks like the day after tommorow outside.
watching news video of tractor trailers flying 100 ft in air in south Dallas. Crazy!
it has been reported that your grandfather was a communist in fascist Italy. How did become a conservative?
2. Focus efforts on "under-productive" areas of world - not those where we're near max productivity
HAVE A BLESSED DAY!
Love Bill Bryson's writing. This sounds like an interesting book, different from some of his other ones.
I was just having such a hard time last night, a lot of things are going on :/
Thank you for your follow and wonderful support :) Big Hugs!
Excited to have you joining us! RT : excited to celebrate design in LA this week with for #legends2012 !!!
Lot of cool peeps -, , , , , and distant sighting of
It's better to die upon your feet than to live upon your knees
being a stand up guy and leaving the world, or at least my community, in a better state than it was when I was brought into it
Dinner Time for mussels!
home or away?
Well played! :)
There is always next weekend :-)
#1 tip for feeling great on an interview? Wear really pretty underwear.
Now I know why rappers prefer purple this shit gets me hella
Slide before last showed BAMA's strategy for implementing #EQ - showed it VERY fast and ended the session! Left a lot 2 B desired
just as I read this I'm eating lucky charms u jelly? Lol
No Leah! Bad influence!
#busyydaytoday Meeting this morning at NSAI then writing session with then another meeting then workshop!! I love busy days:)
haha yeah that too. Too much to do lately. How ya doing?
like that huh !!!!!! How you feel now then really?
Implementing the new LMS...this should take some time...
San Francisco
Been in the chi for a day now and I already miss the lab
the Brewers should have pegged Albert 6 games ago. needed to give Larussa a little taste of Larussa.
We're getting close to 5000 friends people. Come support your neighborhood business and help spread the word!
YEAH! (thank you)
Thanks!!! What about guests?
Who wants to win blazer tickets for 3/29?
sent from the wrong account, my fault. I hope you all have a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Yes we did! Thanks! RT : hope you made it to Pasenda finally for the Rose Bowl; Go Badgers!
Thanks for tweeting! Let us know when you get it setup. Can't wait to see photos of you using it. :D
Happy Easter Sunday everyone. Stay safe & sexy! :-)
I love the minimalism (and the font!).
no I do not. Hence me wanting to be black so I could have cool looking dreads.
we know, right!!!
hahaha. What are you talking about?!(;
i get a better work out when i work out with someone else #sexualinuendo #sexual in your endo
No problem - Feel free to invite other educators in NJ to join. You have the ability to add your own resources/links Thx!
No, sorry - but thanks for the follow and the RT!
I hope so. If not now, when she's older she will!
My first new Nike Ravens jersey will be
torture! What like 6, 7 guys all hugging each other and me...?And you all break and little michaela walks out!
there will be some "adventures" with here soon..
I can't stand them
School in a few hours... I need sleep -.-
My phone is dry af... #Who Up
Shit and death are global phenomenons.
After everything I've been through, I think I deserve to be happy...
Does anyone out there think they've had a "normal" life?? Or is it just me that says "WTF is a NORMAL LIFE??
follow shes the girl to know
Today was great! I got a boyfriend!
RT I just want to crawl in a hole and die now:p
Holy Discontent = something's not right...someone has to do something...that someone is me!
Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
MEEK MILL /// NEXT TUES /// AFTER PARTY AT THE LONGBRANCH : )
Thanks..Heey are you a Belieber?
Its called a buff. This game just got serious. RT : : 1999 called. They want their Survivor headscarf back.
A sippin' Christian is a slippin' Christian.
Enjoying this day come enjoy an amazing evening this a classy young lady alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
Ive been working out girlie, we just got to meet up so we can excersize our abs with all our laughing!lol
I think I might go to the library today.
No worries! I love sharing indy makers with my readers. And I am so looking forward to getting my ring!
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work. - Rita Mae Brown
Tough loss yesterday in Houston. Rams have a long way to go and have to find a way to keep getting better. A couple days off and back 2 work
come in tha summer fool!
I mean I know it's kinda routine work but rules are rules and money is money on time and work what they pay us for
Overwhelmed by True Love today.
Can I get a tweet please? It would mean SO MUCH!! Sick today...this would make me feel so much better!!!!
I think T. Jones will be able to guard both frontcourt positions. He still has room to grow physically, & he's already a beast.
are you calling me a nightmare?
Brand Name Groceries for Free www.downowinfo I am giving 125 leads a week, enroll www.dowsite.info Ya gotta eat !!
thank you for your support!!
Up so early on a Saturday... Hope I don't fall asleep at the #Toastmasters conference. Don't think I will. Sounds like a good one!
Is Scioscia the problem? “: No team is further out of first place in the AL than the #Angels, now 7 games behind #Rangers.”
even w/canvas, we still use edmodo few places 4creating real course stream or around project requireing lots of interaction
Hey! The Pate last night was delish. Have you been to Baratin or FnB? Winemaker dinners at Baratin are so much fun!
OK Mac people, help. Viewing files from flash drive in finder, want to delete some. Del doesn't do anything, no option on rclick menu ...
you know it. it just...feels right. :)
Gettin ready to head out to for our meeting!
At MN Book Awards. So excited. My friend Julie is up for an award.
burned 99 calories doing 8 minutes of "Running (jogging), 5 mph (12 min mile)"
Make sure to elevate, ice it, wrap it and lots of rest and tlc. Aleve works well too. Please take care!
It also has to do with underemployment. 2 many r educated but......
Having all happy days would not be nice, but a set of them would be very appreciated.
Peace. Love. Venti soy latte.
Thanks for the #ff. Definitely in good company!
I have to divide & then my the number's factor & see wich is the greatest, I really don't know, lmao!
lol my cough coughing was on the positive side for lots of tweets per day :)
My house. =) I'll do some home-cooking haha.
funny i read the one about movie remakes earlier today
If I don't say this now, I will surely break as I'm leaving the one I want to take ~
WTF! I mean common I thought you were better than that! guess not slut.
Running to the light, get out of your own way, not afraid to fight believin what you say, Ill hold on til the night <3
Oh, man. That's awesome. Beyonce fans have claws!
your the one that got aways
Tour of California comes ripping thru nxt wk w/stage 3 starting a mere 5 miles from my apt on Tuesday!
Hey its gonja Tom, buds for life. Can you hook me up with some Theory of a Deadman tix -Thanks
Looks like I'll be awake until I go to bed this evening... It's gonna be a great/long dayy...
Almost the weekend, this was a long 4 day week.
#Women who #jog regularly live 5.6 yrs longer, & #men live 6.2 yrs longer than those who don't: Copenhagen City Heart Study
Going to bed at 8:34 am. Why am I still awake?
talking at #webwise about importance of story. #oralhistory would fit in nicely with initiatives to share stories
Escaped NYC to Adirondacks, where we are getting pounded. Heavy rains, wind, no power, whitecaps but no roof leak. Debating drive to town.
Super excited to hear the First Lady, , speak tomorrow! I feel like I should be taking notes.
When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on.
i guess the trend is naming yourself a clothing brand
had dinner w/ the Pages, finished my prep for MC-ing, now gotta execute.... 20 hrs until #cmumusic100 at the Benedum Center & live on
lol...I don't have any answers. Just thinking about how close they came to winning depresses me. If they lose tomorrow....
that movie needed more Pepper Potts tbh
Just wanted to give you a head's up, the Lost Concert has been canceled. If you could help us spread the word we'd appreciate it.
we as a people truly have "arrived" sorry i cannot be there....
Me, too, man.
NM new follower
LOL @ people that cuss out teachers
I'm glad you found the teaching statements post useful.
She said with a booty that won't quit..ha ha ha, why they got her playing this role.
We love that : ) RT Today's writing music: October Project. Exercise music: The Glitch Mob.
Giving away a pair of tix to at Nashville's Mercy Lounge on 5/1. Send me a tweet & they could be yours!
rock it!
Hey Websurfers! It's 5:00 pm, time to close shop! Hope you enjoyed today's videos. Remember to check in tomorrow for our top three comedy...
Dribble, pass, score..Who gives a shit?
if you're at the hotel in #Anaheim take a photo of standard room and upload to You'll be compensated for your effort
You guys were amazing!!! EVERYBODY MUST BUY #ChasingtheSun ON ITUNES NOW!!!
Pandora is doing me right at this point
just creating u?
brimfield, for sure. might do days closer to weekend? might do hotel room?
why for me?
Thanks so much for all your support!
How do I stream wvmetronews on iPhone
k! I sent it to ya
Damn shame to see Shaq doing commercials for Buick. When Kobe retires, I don't think he will be doing adds for Toyota
guess he couldn't afford the real deal. Just saw some kid wearing some fake ass
Decided this weekend I'm going to try some new recipes. wanna brine some chicken and bake it....
Listening to "Turn To You" ... perfection
Exactly! And thanks : )
nice! that's a great way to network. what's the name of the clinic?
Have you loved a Mother today?
CASTLE STALKER
Sobered up and won a grip of games
SO BAD!! Don't even think about getting anything from there!
Just had a great meeting on how to promote Azure College in Boca Raton. Feeling good
Inquired for pubs/grub in the north lamar/airport area, local business only. suggested Blck Star, Contigo, Pour House. What are your favs?
you know i gotta woman i can't answer when she round me, you can't be number two you shoulda left me where you found me
Being defeated is often a temporary condition, giving up is what makes it permanent.
My wife is a very obsessive cleaner who hates her job. I came up with the perfect Christmas gift for her. I shopping for a laundromat!
oh. Clearly I've never been to NYC. But it's on my bucket list.
Oh, most excellent. LOVE the cartoons!
hi hunney I'm good I love you
If one is good, then the whole box is better screams stomach ache!
In the music library. I currently represent 50% of the patrons here.
Strange sounds coming from the air duct...run for your life!
such a good point. food for fodder.
i've been addicted to boba for the last 5 years lol :) How many boba tea stations you have around your area? What state again?
My dad chews like a pig, STFU.
Dwayne Wade is obviously the cutest ball player, right?
I forget that I have a hookah quite often! I'm down to have a little kickback sometime
true but my comments were local : Don't ever travel outside of the USA... EVERYTHING is giving either male or female pronouns
naw they ain't $2 no more they expensive
Keep up the reading!
Whoa! He offered that? Amazing. He's always kinda marched to the beat of a different drum though.
Tweets for days! Got tickets in hand for the June 14th Ghetto Metal featuring Bazaar Royale, Viva Mayday, Ninjasonik, and more!
Thank you for the follow.
"USA or UK" To Queen or not to Queen that is the question...
Check out the Official Sponsor or the 2012 NYE MANSION MASQUERADE SOIREE!
Anyone else #LinkedIn ?
fasho, did u go see brother John at "Good Records" in the LES? Its pricey, but def worth a trip.
She was like you're a lesbian, then she was like you grudge ass streak ass bitch, then I was like fight fight fight. Now it's over :(
but i want you to tweet for me
Few people are interested and the frog dies of it
I think the circus surrounding the #trayvon martin case will result in a lack of conviction should # george zimmerman be charged
have a merry christmas what are your plans? :-)
The gays of Louisiana have no originality. YOU CAN'T BUY IT OFF EBAY BUDDY.
Congrats to skate team rider Lakai Beech for placing 3rd today at the comp in Shelley!!!
hahahahaha!!!! Best word ever!
how old are you ? (;
NO TRESPASSERS YEAH MY ASS WAIT TILL YOU GET A LOAD OF ME
Wow, what a beautiful day to be a Washingtonian! Enjoy the blossoms all!
Results from one precinct in for Macon County!
Good! “: Eating an apple a day helps lower cholesterol and improves digestion.”
Dissapointed in for selling me a groupon now today to - they were closed & I drove all the way from work!
Kyle Blades likes this. RT : Apple needs to make an emoticon for unbuckling your helmet. I'd use the shit out of it
LRT I Just Wanna Reach Through My Screen And Slap The Piss Outta That Girl
you're a Shawn Colvin song come to life, woman
I don't want to live in District 12
"If I Die Tomorrow" just know how much i really wanted you to love me! and that i would give my whole life for your safety and happiness! <3
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
The most important things in life aren’t things. ~ Anthony J. D’Angelo
Welcome to the story!
Can't sleep
Looks like a lot of fun!
almost as good as rollin down my sexy windows~
You turn on that tv! Never give up on ur team!“: Can't do it anymore. TV off. Braves frustration quelled. reading book. #Braves”
For the next 7 hours swing by iVita Wellness and get the deal shown here: Complimentary 1/2G Ear Wax
Just woke from a dream where I hung out w/ like we were BFFs. Then had to leave for a meeting with
i know what does UAAP stands for! :D my cousin in the philippines just told me about that.. and just love ATENEO!!!!
I don't understand uniforms. Look like in front, #celtics from behind.
its been 4months since ive been in a relationship or got close to another boy!
Welcome to Twitter, you. :)
RT : shld We Judge Mitt Romney 4 Assaulting a Gay Classmate in 1965? Or Just 4 the Way He Chuckles When Asked abt it in 2012?
"Cowgirl 'N' Angels" will be released to theaters on May 25th and will be featured at the Dallas film festival in April. Yay! Exciting!
Headed to OPACY for the game....chances of this game being postponed?
Been splitting time to work on MJR RSS Feeds On Twitter and Facebook
that sounds so familiarr what was it?
In love with music <3.
You are welcome!
WTIA state tech awards - Best seed company of the year: Zipline Games
Maybe Ur filling out RT : I swear niggaz clothes is getn smaller and smaller nowadays
Hey where did the morning go
“: Follow My Bro An His Film Company : / ”
"on Facebook: I'm on Twitter, follow me! <3 Me on Facebook: All of you, just shut the fuck up."
Somethin about shopping at scottsdale fashion center puts me in holiday spirit!
Make sure yall go down 2 the Experience at St. Andrews. Support Detroit's music scene & my people &
#FF to these
Going to sleep early for a change. Night! XO
I'll take that hate, but everyone hate
Have you visited us lately? Check in at any location for special deals!
Friday night reading includes slavery and the making of America. Coupled with a thunderstorm and a blown out knee, looking like an early one
Going to the dentist hurts. Well, atleast I got PowerPuff Girl stickers! :D
Hasta La vista, TJ! He goes yard for the 2nd time in the series. Panthers up 8-5
I think that says more about the people than the cities, though.
So my lil sis decided to throw cold water on me in the shower so when she was showering I took her towels & threw ice cold water on her >=)
Where did I put that hand sanitizer?
Emma Stone and Ben Stiller possibly the best presenters of the night. She's so presh!
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
Can you please reply to my DM?! Love you xoxo
The Brewers play the Mariners in Seattle today with a scheduled start time of 9:30 PM CT.
Drinking coffee while roasting coffee! Ain't life grand?
. - consider my vote cast for to host
yeah I've been freaking dying. I just wanna shoot..50 threes...
what thinking just drive out for the weekend and have a couple nights out. That would be cool
#FETISH RT They butt naked in the strip club >>>>
LOVE this! I raise a glass of O.J. to you and your student!
It makes me sad that the Condescending Wonka isn't funny anymore. Sigh.
thanks! We should have a new recording in the next couple of months!
the best thing in the world <3
Bar B cue!
Don't underestimate the power of the Twitter ... you can't walk away that easily
RT : Counting physical forms, fuck me!
I wish the dollar store had a gas station :(
same here
Like branches on a tree, our lives may grow in different directions yet our roots remain as one.
Sixteen countries. Forty-plus cities. One amazing adventure. Thank you Luxembourg for giving me the time of my life!
So happy! Loving life each day!
you love me
AAVG DOT approval pending very soon.... hearing company update this week....
Hitting the hay!! Night twitter pals!!
Our greatest power is the power of CHOICE! CHOOSE WELL! Bishop Dale C. Bronner
dam that sucks! Turiaf is
Oh hey look. is a #FenkartFan! Thanks Denise - The B Side. RT : loved your CD...thank you!!
Had a good time! Looking forward to returning!
practice control. Says the girl with the impulse tattoo.
Good Afternoon Thanks for following our twinning related tweets!
Kayak, I hate you for emailing me about Vegas vacation deals when, for the THIRD year in a row, I haven't been able to go to #bisc >:(
just wish you could see this from my view....dam..
RT : BREAKING: Mexico's culture agency: Prolific Mexican novelist, essayist Carlos Fuentes dies at 83. -EF
Think I'll make a surprise...
Someone should really start a fund for that. I bet we could buy you all kinds of a life.
Don't let the weather stop you! We've got a GREAT show lined up!
OneDegreeCap is at #GABF this weekend - so many great breweries here (especially our friends !)
Shoot #keeper RT : BREAKING: announce OF Carl Crawford has UCL sprain in left elbow and will be shut down from baseball activity
why is walmart so slow today?
Fuck the bears n the giants but ill root for the bears I guess. Peyton is better than Eli n e ways.
#WhatIMissMost is when when easily reply to my tweets and DMs );
A #greatlife starts by creating a foundation of abundance and #nourishment that we can draw from.
Titanic with my 2 favorite cousins(:
#BizForum Hi there, so sorry I missed your tweet. Hope your week is going well.. Cheers
Alright, , I'd like to throw my hat in the ring for Ant-Man.
Looking for a little motivation. Gonna go to a movie with my Mr HotGuy and see if he'll plot a new series with me!
well lookie here! :) hello stranger!
This shit has got to stop.
First wager of the week for me...NBA: Toronto +8.5. CBB: Drexel -7.5. Starting the week at 44-35 for the Month.
It appears pressuring Cuse might have been a good idea earlier...
why the fuck are all of my dreams about drugs..?
He made a good case for his company's existence ;) Good analysis of OER risks and the company's future
My Son Is ENOUGH
Mind Ur Business!!!!
i fucked girl
Great now I'm going to be singing zoobie zoobie zoo all night long.
Are you giving away any tickets for the NYC #Workoutinthepark??
THANK YOU FOR COMING.... FOR COMING TONIGHT
As your State Rep I voted against using stimulus money to fund budget shortfalls for public schools!
loving life. feeling good
Nice win for the #Bruins! Losing streaks are never fun. Just ask the Sox.
Can you only commit to donating your ducklips on Facebook?
RT RT #Taurus don't sleep around as they do not like strange beds.
let's go!
The real geniuses simply have their bright ideas closer together
that's a good week.
#Laker haters. Damn, do they make me angry!!! they so pathetic.
I better see you tomorrow! :)
"Creatures of Light: Nature’s Bioluminescence" opens Saturday
These girls are talking about someone right infringe of them. Wow classy
I love what happened last night, but the Colt McCoy slander on my timeline is just terrible.
Look who's endorsed ,
I been there 6 months and still got black & white wtf lol
I just dove thru a bag of frosted mini wheats like a drunk stoner who's been starved for a week.
[DC] TONIGHT- Summer Breeze Concert Series Part 2 Live From Historic Takoma Station Featuring
I don't like having my dog knocked out for a teeth cleaning, but the lady that does it with a toothbrush has moved. #listerinefordogs?
it's so funny how much of a kiss ass this girl is and she's so stupid.
Sleeping on a sunday morning !
Daimnn today has been boring afffff
Can't wait to tune in tonight! "Red Eyes, no smarts, can't snooze" -- in my best Coach Taylor Friday Night Lights voice
i tweet a lot dont i >:)
What's the longest word in the dictionary????? Is it Antidisestablishmentarianism????
Ah gotta love Vegas. Having a good time with my girl!!!
Harping on someone to lose weight doesn't work. Neither does verbally abusing them.
Can You Pleases Follow Me Back :) Starve A Bully Feed A Soul Stand Grand
My phone was stolen by !!!!!! She's a thief of a gf...she stole my heart.
#IndigoMortgage is locally owned and operated. We are very proud to serve our customers with the highest integrity and value. 505-836-5700
Feel no pain and psych your mind
I love MAF but you have to pull him. Asham should get a suspension. Geno needs to show up for Pens to pull out.
Happy to say I was accepted for my internship interview. Now to work harder on building my resume for a paying job!
it is not looking good here in Daytona.. the sky is grey and gloomy :(
FMG TV is now casting at twitter building for lmao TV a new twitter comedy & music video TV show filmed at twitter (SF) follow
now following this chico .>>>>>>>
Thank you!
If I don't find a way to watch "Downton Abbey" I am going to punch something.
thanks :) you the best <3
I consider myself a bit of a drink connoisseur (high point brews mostly) but ?? Nah, dun. Everyone else
So my therapist gave me a box of dog biscuits at the end of my appt. I'm hoping for a toaster oven next time...
Hey man! How's the elder Surratt? Tell him I said hello!
mine not until Sunday though
Treat ya girl right or somebody else will, simple as that
I reallyy love how, even though we hhaven't seen each other in forever, me and Tyler are still incredibly close, <3 :)
Throwaway tweet.
At the bradley center watching the hockey game between the Admirals and Wolves. My first time at a hockey game.
its fresh!
Why am I still up?
. to National Journal! Great news
I doubt will ever notcie me, but im crying right now because i dont have a ride to go 2 hours away 2see him in WI. ILOVEYOU 5
I'm in Daytona beach, FL and it's currently 33 degrees
Ashmasters has been cleaning chimneys and performing masonry repairs in the Washington Metro Area for years.
RIP MCA, an amazing musician leaves this planet and we still have britney,the kardashians, and boy bands
The movies aren't even scary.
Hey early birds: enter by tmw to be included in our 2nd Early Bird drawing! Score a chance at $15K and our grand prize
i miss you
Brunch is served New afternoon special hot ham sandwich with homemade chips or fried $5.95
Everyone knows that cookies have a one day shelf life. We learned that in high school chemistry class. So, eat up!
Gay Newspaper Editorial On Trayvon Martin's Death Ignores Reality Of Racial Oppression Our guest bloggers areA Jeff Krehely , Vice Presid
Our developers are looking into it. What browser are you using by the way?
I need some meds n rest n I'll b good lol
Linking to #JAMA restored, but very slow.
I spoke at Johnson & Wales University today.... 30 minites followed by boisterous questions and answers. I really had a great time.
Passionate Friday night show @ Narroway. Now off 2 bed ~ gotta get there bright / early in the a.m. and do it all again! #doyouknowmyJesus?
IS Peyton performing in atlanta anytime soon?! i soo need to see him!
omg I dare youu
you'll get the hang of it eventually.
everytime I see your avi I think it's Minnesota.
Come one come all to round two of our karaoke contest tonight at 8pm. $200 cash prize!
You Make My Heart Race... You Are My kryptonite i love you! plz RT??
#PIYOW RT #instantunfollow if you ask me to DL your single and you're not or
will be visiting today for the PTPR Wine & Dine!
Can't have fun in NYC anymore. Way to much drama
Going to see The Crazies with a crazy named
<- Arguably the best food in the world for beards!
So far, no plans. But I will keep you posted if I am in the vicinity! Too bad you don't have budget to fly me up there!
Want to attend #surgecon, but neither me nor my co. can afford $350 to get in :'(. Here's hoping for some videocasts!
Awkward Marathon <3
If that one little thing didn't happen, things would be so different.
Every family is weird in their own special way.
yo you...hey you....whats up?
You're like 15 and all you tweet about is sex?
Just reminded how human/male I am. Got stuck at the Hot Wheels endcap for 5 minutes.
Which driver package was that big? We have some large packages, but there should be bare drivers that are smaller than that.
that's true gets stoned 24/7
"Who is phoebe brown? Is that the one from the magic school bus?"
Do you know who did the cover art for this month's GI? It's absolutely amazing, and I would like to know who drew that masterpeice.
think it's time to come out of hibernation now that march is here?
Up and about today, working on a design for promotion for work, but will take a break around 3:00 to go play a softball game in Gahanna.
Happy birthday! You're old.
Feel free to contact us with any questions you may have
Love you guys. Let me know if you need anything.
Hoodie Allen >>>
Time for lunch!
Lien Design Customer Testimonial: "These are just the most amazing, creative and wonderful designs I could have asked for."
Good first round
I'm glad that you're the one rapping… oh my goodness...
m.....had jam-filled thumb print cookies instead...m
we are excited to work with your guys!
Now playing "Something to Believe In" by
Judge says "does that day work for the resoondent?" Mercy frowns. Judge: something wrong counsel? Mercy: well, where else is he going to
Is Anyone Up?
talked about how you have to "disrupt yourself" to change and be successful. #Kodak was his how-not-to example.
I'm glad we could be a part of what sounds like a pretty great day! --Minus the sad hand... :( Feel better!
you're AWFUL!
another lymie? Thanks for the follow nice to meet you. There are more and more people I find that have lyme disease!
I love Nashville!
Willie O'Ree Lives!!!
Thanks for the suggestion to follow me! :)
Man the two best teams in the league haven't played in a long time. Sweeping teams gets you rest. Which is much needed in the NBA playoffs.
hi miss morgan! Next week would be great!
I think the real moral to this story is that u should never dislike orange sherbet or u get your ass left
#WhitneyCNN - THE most beautiful, poignant, riveting & awe inspiring Church service I've ever witnessed. God Bless & RIP Whitney Houston.
And yet another star becomes legendary...Rip in Peace Ms. Houston!
Bigger than my body
Using the data drives data quality!
#BoyzAreBack YEAH BUDDY! I cannot wait! Gonna tell everyone in school to watch :)
When the best leader’s work is done the people say we did it ourselves!
THE WHOLE TIME.
I know,smh
~So excited to see Mom & Aunt Kathy! Hope mom does ok on her very first flight ever, but u know shes got to meet her baby!! Woo!
who was that duet who opened up for Taylor? seriously. they were good.
We have swum in the pool. We had a good time!!!!!!!!
what? What new Titan movie?
Still...pretty sure it was better than my day at work.
I had to delete one of those #bitchtweets cause I realize that sometimes you have to ask for help. That's important, too.
You okay?
I really don't wanna miss this OKC and Lakers game tho.
M&C Life Sciences: no printing restrictions, no DRM barriers, entire university has access. Wow!
Popular place. lots of checkins RT : Just checked into "Your Girlfriends Butt" on dickfoursquare
no way. those are brill. How much?
Is there a policy on how many times you have to say "This is NPR" an hour?
Big Thomas Kinkade fan. Sorry to hear of his passing as well. Extraordinary #painter! Of course now his work will be cost prohibited!
Just about done cutting The Alumni Club's new music video so..... who wants to see it?
Before Westerners rage at China, they should look into their own history to see stories of activists killed, movements crushed.
The people at Walgreens suck at cutting film. Seriously, I used a fisheye, the picture is in a circle. It's not that hard.
had a great time in walkerville...saw an old friend from grade school, got interviewed, lots of thumbs up, and only two arghs from losers!!
The #Indians TV postgame guy (wikipedia tells me it's Chuck Galeti) mesmerizes me every single night at work. He is SO animated.
“God entrusts to you his care of the young.”
grind'n! lol
Making Fresh Belgian Tomorrow In The Morning Yummy
it isn't like you have earned it... Also, and I want to know why you would ask on Twitter.
Tune into ESPN U
-im not into crushing dreams.. if you want to rap baby rap, want to model then Go Girl, etc. I support movement & progression.. lol
Eating at Biscuits Cafe. A portion of the proceeds goes directly to Open Arms Intl. Good till 2:30pm today only. #
this is true. Be a good talker you can take over the world
...clip the wings that get you high...
words of wisdom
Sorry it's not downloadable but I make highlight vids 4 YouTube. I'll mention you on the show. Msg me if u still want 2 download.
Lakers Heat would have better storylines. Historic storylines. Kobe vs LBJ is a lot more enticing than LBJ Durant
Guess who has 200 followers!? We'll be releasing contest details for the Action Item Prize Pack soon!
Happy Jazzfest! Tonight, Groovesect w/Fred Wesley, Leo Nocentelli and Dirty Dozen horns + more guests at Tip's, 2am!! After the Radiators!!!
Stopped for gas and I was wondering why ppl were starring at me. Then I remembered, I'm in AZ. They must want to see my passport.
what exactly did u hear?
Our all new formula contains natural and organic ingredients and is loaded with antioxidants! call today to schedule an appt! 857-8287!
I have the most talented and amazing friends.
Cinco De' Mayo!
& I DO IT FOR THE CITY CAUSE I KNOW THE CITY LOVE A NIGGA!!! LEE COUNTY I GOT US!!! I just want y'all to be proud of me..
I wonder if i will dream more cause im going to bed curious.
Benjamin is 13 & can have all dairy thanks to participating in the Baked Milk Study funded by FAI. We are grateful beyond!
Mad shout out to super sexy and some really funny tweets always on the follow back
where you at bruh?
Dr. Benjamin: "Health is about preventing homelessness through health insurance, comprehensive care, jobs that pay a living wage."
Who has their tickets for the Roxy beer & vegan food festival in LA next month!? We do!
You should have worn jorts to kill 2 birds with 1 stone.
Litepanels has asked Cindy and Matt to speak on a filmmaking panel at NAB in April. So cool!
Yankees sign Raul Ibanez to DH on one-year deal
miss you man! I gotta come out to Bsu again and rage with everybody!
Saw your Dr's Appointment-themed talk for 1st time on YouTube this morning: excellent.
Tried to move a squeaky table quietly through the library, dropped it on my leg instead. That's gonna leave a mark.
Rex on KSR..you gotta make that happen, but you'll need a #bleep or a #buzz for profanity!
I will Unfollow you if you just say 'lol' to everything
I have xm as well love it during Football Season,im good,just done working out April ugh..lol
Hi! #graphic #designer working for my Parents, watch out internet here comes the Pfahl's!
anyone know of articles, posts, people to refer to about self reflection in learning?
Beautiful Tweeps... Thanks for the
lol sober today  
that's what's up tho
It's about Slash, stranded in the middle of a field and unable to attend Axl's wedding. And then she's dead.
hi bryan
“: BRO THIS KID IS SUCH A CREEPER” ops...
Vera Wang is disgustingly skinny. Yikes.
call him.
Art museums n stuff
It's official. I just wasted an entire day by procrastinating. I'll reprimand myself tomorrow.
I blame Hulu. RT Appeciate the unemployment comic; I'm unemployed through May and have the same goals and realities.
Join us TONIGHT - Botany for Designers: Book Talk with Kimberly Duffy Turner, 6:30 at the HORT. Free event +1 LACES CEU
the first day of junior yr was so hectic since they all made mistakes on our schedules....felt like freshman yr all ova again! :l
One of those pictures was from me! I thought I was the only one.
ah yes, new printer demo. I really should be involved with my expertise in the field. 8-)
What did they do now?
I am going to lose a shit load of weight and I don't care what it's going to take. I WILL DO IT!
I had a short stay at recently.I've been hospitalized a few times in Major Cities - this was my very BEST experience ever T/Y!
yes ma'am! 21 yrs old ;)
Thanks for RT! Good luck with Mizdirection at
Anybody wanna smoke some j's today? My treat
What did you have for Lunch?
playing Chicago tonight at river north , cos, tewz and maxabstrax. Sets from 10pm until 4am. Loop music in the loop
“: While at Harvard, Jeremy Lin stole the idea of playing in the NBA from the Winklevoss Twins.”
Yep!! All or nothing now mate! Where you watching it?
i know! I miss you!
Thanks for the mention
Helouu (new boyz) how are you? my brother hafe the face with you rally!
I think the replica AL champ ring sold me on suffering through a Mariners game...
Thanks, gal!
Not sure about valet (I took a cab).
Vote today!
I love the deals. it will take time for them to gel. Clubhouse chemistry will be fine.
Faculty and admin aren't thinking long term. So, it wasn't so much an argument as us saying "have you though about DP at all?"
put me on your tops :)
bed time
CANNOT WAIT ANY LONGER.
I Wish I Had A Million Bucks.. Just A Couple Stacks!
hah! kk but yes i do cave i believe he is a sexy man with great ab features, the screaming little preteens just creep me out!
Thanks for following me! Don't wait for your ship to come to you...swim out to it.
Get any #books as holiday gifts? If so, what are they? We'd like to know! :)
Mikael: Notion of "converting" leaves more freedom to chose, e.g., to drop info when exposing
thank you and thank you(: <3 are you in middle school?
#lifevineworks really digs what does! Keep reporting on fantastic creativity!
Gantner, who played at third base in place of Paul Molitor, extended his hitting streak to 8 games.
*raises shot glass*
My second phase of Y3T training with Guru Neil Hill. Body weigh is 10 lb heavier than when started my contest prep back in July 😄
There's always that one teacher at school that is a little too friendly.
Ways up with this he said she said bull ish I am tierd of #stupid ish
watchin the battles! Good luck to tonight's dj's! Let's go!
haha sure thing (:
me and Racey were talking about that earlier she was asking me what I was wearing lol
date Alex constancio
me too! Goodnight (:
A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time!!!
I needa cop some rain boots
can't wait for this #summerjam line up to be released!! Going crazzyyy!
I hate ... I hate.... Well I just hate how people stress about fashion. Just wear track pants, sweat shirt, and no makeup..you're a beaut.
I almost have two good enough reasons to call the guys on car talk
#Badgers Brianna Decker wins the 15th Patty Kazmaier Award. This is Wisconsin's fourth
Road trips! Top five favorite road trip movies…. Go!
Do you have a favorite Good Food Awards Finalist? Tell us who!
I'm gonna be depressed all weekend and cry in a corner cus I'm not seeing 😭😭😭😭😭👎👎👎👎👎
Test your taste bud's tolerance today! Order some fries and dip them in any of our 'hot' sauces like Ancho Chili and Chili-Cilantro
"The truth is like sunlight. People used to think it was good for you."
Looking forward to the first of many in the SP kitchen/lounge tomorrow :) M #Macarons!
lame rappers <<<<<
Dear [ex del] who hit my car in the middle of the night and drove off without leaving info: [ex del] you [ex del] [ex del] [ex del] [ex del]
today's my birthday and I would love it if u wish me a happy birthday!:)
I'm certainly no expert, but I think Romney is going to give Obama a run.
oh lord, i already saw one of kiera! haha
Baltimore aquarium!
Needs a new job.. better pay better hours.. better management.. better opportunities
Aaron Rodgers? meh....he cant play baseball
I could answer any question related to spongebob, but if you put a math test in front of me I'd probably cry.
Suprisingly well, considering.
at the shop trying to get some work done....lol
Organizations that invest more in infrastructure do more with programming
I am going to expand marketing to include the buy back program for retailers. A little insurance will go a long way
so apparently the media says Obama supporting gay marriage will hurt his chance for re-election because BLACK people wont vote for him now.
Today my mom taught me what a bumbershoot is... True story happy early
“: so bummed to miss you guys!!!! :(” yeah me too. Wanted some girl talk :)
Hey, you don't see Tiger wearing orange on Sundays #red :) RT ah yes Bill - the biggest question of them all!
RSVP: Renaissance Literary & Talent
i know i was @ work i got the number now tho so i'll hit u up
Your dad. "We are a week away & already I have my snorkel gear on my body, walking around the house getting used to the fins!"
Let's hope we're good for another 100 years.
I'm having trouble finding tweet able nuggets from Garrett close.
you're dumb!! I said "drawing" letters NOT "spelling" letters! So that's why it makes NO sense! So get off your high horse
I would love to see the real Mizz Hogan!
I'm literally scared to post a status on fb. I feel like everyone is gonna judge me so hard. how sad is that?
love me?thanks☺
merry Christmas!
Is she the one who was looking for four in a row this year?
Sometimes all you need to heal something is time.
I wished I can just go back to how it used to be .
Good Morning Loves :)
Who is #tonydorsett starting this week in his #legendsfantasyfootball league?
Oh god lol
I know I'm not poor in the greater scheme of things, but I'm poorer than I was & I don't like it.
Congrats! RT : Waking up in #NYC w/ those I love most surrounding me & here to support me as I officially get my Master's degree
…..and pickles! Bought 2.
All the grass in the Midwest is so green right now... Except at Livestrong Park. What is going on there?
I can't wait to watch it. Thanks for the link, friend.
Staying up untill 12:00am just to wish a happy birthday #AllNighter(:
Dear , please keep the Thursday night primetime lineup forever. Seriously. Forever. XOXO, Nora
Yes, Trivia Night Tonight in Bellevue, still using but they're bringing in a new host! + Nomu now serving entire Boom menu!
so who is it lol
Dropbox will still dominate google drive. Google will suffer their first loss as a company as a result of pushing their name as weight.
spaz is enough on his own that I lose.
MRS.LESTER where ever u are be ready to take over some shit right under my arm ;-)
I don't wanna remember!
oh my gosh that just made my day :) I freaking love you
got any good candy? I am tired of eating what we have. how about a trade
RT : Brewers will destroy Astros tonight at 7:10. We hope you'll come to Karma and destroy some delicious food and......
even though things r gonna be hectic don't neglect pickup games!! lol
Sorry I've been gone ladies.. I'm still sad. But I hope wins the Super Bowl cuz then at least I lost to the champion!
Before preparing your home for sale, one of the things you must do is to improve its outdoor appeal l
The Bucks have a small garbage can clumsily placed on a skateboard? Sweet. Better than I thought.
hey, cool, thanks!
Follow me please. I really need your help. Pretty please with a cherry on top. Make my bff's dreams come true.
It's not there? Fuck... It was car.
#Echelon3000 Thursday Free All Night !
See them clowns run around n shit.
#durability for yay !scratched get or break didn't it miraculously and floor the on pro macbook my dropped finally ... me
Great choice!
Never had this happen. But I fell in love with a girls ass today while I was walking home from school..
u ever gonna come clean on Roger Clemens hgh use?
Jazz Night in Southwest is tomorrow night from 6-9! Come out and enjoy great music, food and fellowship
gonna go lay out and listen to some music.
Dang laptop completely broke I'm to sad
They carry original Dr. Pepper which is no longer made. The Dr. Pepper with real sugar. It is pretty yummy.
Okay closing tomorrow and hanging out withy 2 wonderful sons on Mothers Day!
Who made up the rule that you have two words in your name to be a cool city in California?
Don't forget about the official opening of our Mequon Store this Thursday 5-8! Comp makeup lessons Wed and Thur 10-4...book it and be there!
#ThingsIGetALot Why are you so tall!!??😒
thanks for the follow -see you at the event!
Early mornings be the most peaceful #GOODMORNING Blessed with another day
Movies can change your outlook on a lot of things.
I love 's hair and dress!
A Skylit Drive, good emo music
I love me some #WILDEGGS!!
um. Yes!
honestly, best new comedy along with new girl this season imo
Happy thanksgiving !!!
I concur RT : Congrats on a HUGE season on great job! Milwaukee is proud!
your welcome but you know its true.
Watching YouTube videos of Jean Baudrillard.. Has anyone read Seduction?
Problem is, I care too much. Solution, stop caring.
Feeling energized after an awesome swim this morning and the beautiful weather. Planning to spend the whole day outside
Love saw it, love called my name love saw me change love rescued me from the danger of pain. Baby Face Lyrics are timeless.....
Watching Law and Order and I was greeted with the beautiful face of ❤
my thoughts are the listless flat years
Great mtg with the MDO Admin Dept. Heads &
#HappyMothersDay my mom is the best 💙❤💜💚
If you are experiencing a session of depression. Pay attention to what you are telling yourself and start again.
omfg(: if I were to do that I would do get a detention!!:p you guys are funny<3
Give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day. Give a man a Phish album, he'll be stoned for a lifetime.
rt "...1 of our next 500 new followers has chance to win Dogs of Slate calendar: bit.ly/p6P3ws #Slate250k"
oh so true it does such ass here ............hm how about we meet up and go on another cruise !!!!!! ROUND TWO!!!!
Chinese food makes me feel better.
I don't know a lot of it either tbh. Just tryna' think positive.
Consistancy.... “A Minute with Maxwell” Free Daily Coaching from: www.johnmaxwellteam.com Sign up to get them every morning!
Great rehearsal! Love our team!
Thanks! We appreciate it!
yes brother me too!
i was just about to present this tweet to the world as well ... i love it
Brett's classes are all set......he is going to be one busy boy :)
Oh, the difference the right knife makes in mango cutting!
bible doubted their faith. Are they stupid? Only thing stupid about his comment was that you included it and his lack of grammar
Only an open heart understands that everyone who enters our life is a guest bearing a gift.
If u see how i act at home u wouldnt recognize me
wow....thats pretty big...even Denise Derringers aren't that big...
Happy birthday to another Broadway legend and one of my first Broadway heroinesg Patti LuPone!
I doubt anyone will ever beat my record of three rooms painted a total of five times in three days.
WEB FLYER DESIGN (single sided) - Only $30.00 today until 8pm (central time). Normal price is $45.00 - MWWdesigns.com
Firefighters remember the fallen ELGIN — The Elgin Fire Department hasn’t lost a firefighter in active duty since 1974, but
Callback for Sea World commercial.... first time auditioning with children! Super fun!
Session 2: Digital Media Cyber Policy #GSMRS with panelists Scott Busby and Suzanne Hall from
Whats the point in living if you aint,smiling...
Horford is doing it.
"Speed dating" lunch tom. w/high school girls. The event aims to give them max 1on1 time w/fem. role models. Honored. Can't wait to inspire.
Episode 1 in 3D begins tonight at midnight!!!! I'm stoked!!! D.
that's not fucking funny. some of us are in mourning. sorry for being a true fan.
Bestfriends can just as easily become strangers, as strangers can become best friends.
Hope to see some of you tonight at Cocktails for a Cause! Join us in Red from 6-8pm with proceeds going to Alzheimer's Association!
Thanks for the follow! Have a great day!
Follow Me Please!? 67
I just want to hug you and tell you how much I miss you! :(
Welcome back #MAGIC attendees!
One month left to get in YOUR application to teach next summer in South Africa as a TWA Fellow! www.teachwithafrica.org
yep, I have a booth at the LA Times festival of books (ok sharing on) want to come! Sell your zines!
Just cuz I got the light on...what kinda mess is this.!??
Waking up in Santa Clara #demo2012. To paraphrase Apocalypse Now, "I love the smell of VC in the morning!!"
Thank God I don't ever do anything to my hair so I don't have to wake up til 6:30. ❤
#Literacy & #language tip for parents :Continue to read to and with your children even into adolescence. Have fun discussing books!
As well they should--these are all lawful demonstrations, plenty of opportunity for people to get involved in peaceful/legal
Jesus is control of my life, and that makes me feel ALRIGHT!! Hallelujah to The King of Kings and The Lord of Lords, My Saviour, My Love!
You ain't gotta go, she ain't gotta know.
God's not dead! He's surely alive..living on the inside, roaring like a lion!! Love that song!
But you, O Lord, are a God merciful and gracious, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast love and faithfulness. Ps 86:15
Knocking some josh wawa on the road to viva las Vegas
Awesome! RT : Mission accepted. Did u know that #CovertTU is a special mission? It's the day b4 my birthday!
Happy Groundhog Day !
min is a template function so it is generated based on the types its is passed, only expects 1 type. vec.size() returns size_t
laughing is the best medicine.But if you're laughing for no reason,you need medicine
this, or that cylon detected drums thing for your txt message alert
Let's just all agree to keep talk of a Santorum surge to a minimum. No that there's anything wrong with it!
Finally home from Dallas
In theory, I guess this is true. But im not that kinda gay. Im more day of. Bossing people around. This goes there, no thats ugly ect.
Strict new Arizona abortion laws decree pregnancy begins TWO WEEKS before conception
Key to mitigating risk is making sure people view unlikely but potentially catastrophic future events as real...Sargut
Just killed my set... great crowd, the homie Mac L up now... let's go!
Changing guitar strings, windows open & blasting music by It's a good day!
Do it for Horton
Thanks for the support #NewFollowers Have a great week!
indeed I am. Lol
Eric Bell: "It's a good video - I think you should go online and share that video with your friends. I'm from Little Rock."
Happy Birthday !!!!!!! I love you so much! Wish I was with u to celebrate and cheers with bubbly :) xoxo
I love how non black ppl are more excited about black history than me. I love being of the black race but I do gr8 things because I have 2
eh our pledge class didn't think much differently during this time about two years ago hehe ;) smarty pants
Look dude ur tweets r inspiring
Pitino has pulled Davis out to guard the shooter. RT : Offensive rebounds have made this a game
no problem. :)
And don't forget to pick up any two top shelf grams for a low $30 donation!
Group messaging >
students & adults get started in the process. Would love to connect if you're interested. Lots of great overlap!
dude take me with you lol:)
i really like what you've done to me... im so into you.
"She says..., I got my mind on money". -Young Jeezy
I can't seem to get going this a.m
I need to pray because I dislike you so much right now that if the Lord came back at this very moment I might not make it!!!!!!!!!!
In a couple of hours, it will be 3am
The buyers made the right choice on #FashionStar. Ross wouldn't take advice from the mentors or the buyers. It's time to go home, Mr. Texas!
u sure?
Niall please can u take the time to RT #RN20 it's for my best friend who took his own life Sunday I love you Ryan!
I cant sleep... thinking of you... ah shit. i really miss you.
So glad you chose the tarte flambee--thanks for sharing photos as well.
Thank you :) So do you.
aw thank you! You always gave one of the best speeches !
my whole family is like 6ft some shit so im supposed to get taller :-) lol
"Cain 'totally respects women,'" wife says while dressed in sexy nurse outfit.
Back to the stadium tonight. I think I can survive a 4 game homestand.
Working on that. Maybe august...
Good question, but until the public recognizes the value of liberal arts ed the English major will decline or stagnate.
I'd say the World Cup because it's easier to track all of the matches (and thus more followable) than the Olympics
This may be the first time we've had to record a "clean" version and an "explicit" version of one of our song. Oh....so edgy.
ROCHESTER RULES!
I love my moms spaghetti 👌
I miss my car.. Smh cant wait til I get it fixed b/c I cant take dis!! :o(
Rip heavy d
Yeah, I would have preferred he got a nom over Freeman for INVICTUS
Workout b4 work. It's so nice they both r at the same place
I hate to be an alarmist after just ONE GAME, but absolutely NOTHING in game 1 felt right! Reminded of SF World Series
What happens when April fools is all a big joke that has lasted for years hmm(;
Do not buy Dr. Dye's electric #VoltaicBelt. It promises to restore sexual vitality and nerve force but chafes unpleasantly and does not work
#follow these #hospice folks!
I love wrapping Christmas presents :)
why is there never a TT for american directioners? OH THATS RIGHT probably because everyone else will hate on it.
Not loathe: read more "with a grain of salt". -- RT : Guess that means you all hate us professional higher education reporters? :)
Pittsburgh or Green Bay? Rollin with the Pack -3 and Over 45. Get $
Thanks for the RT Fred! We're hoping to really make a difference with #SmartScore (*wings & feathers crossed*)
#ireallywant what i cant have
Hey there RT me...it sure would make my night!
Man, I couldn't agree more about Barajas.
Oh yay, we finally got to 400!
RT BREAKING: UN atomic agency report notes Iran rapidly expanding activity that could be used for arms.
Congratulations to on receiving funding from ! bit.ly/oiy52H
Why am I such a bitch? Oh yeah I almost forgot, because of people like you.
Bought a Personal & The Pizzas 7" on from and it rules. Also ate pizza. Coincidence?
me of course silly.
"I remember my first shave." -
As I say when offered German "cuisine," "I fear the wurst is yet to come." RT : It's time to hit the ground punning.
It looks like Druid Hill Park has gone to the dogs. Thanks folks I'll be here all week. Try the veal.
You Forced It!! Naw Some Nigga That Brandon Arguin Wit!
Mind you i prefer my women with a bit of meat on them
Possible #EarlySigns of Autism: Cannot tolerate change in routine or environment, such as a new toothbrush or a replacement for a lost toy.
I'm pretty sure there's a loophole in there somewhere... Maybe the ratio of cats to years lived? I'm sure you'd qualify. ;)
U misplaced your passport again & Jon just slipped on it while dashing to receive news Mac baby crowning. Am I right?
Don't think we forgot about you! Hope you stocked up on some soup!
RT : Here's a peek at 3 different nail collections coming this spring & summer. Can you guess which line its...
LORD HEAL ME!!
On our way to the location to do some scouting! Stay tuned for pictures and maybe a little video...
Woohoo! See you there! Thanks for rallying support.
Tax Brandywine is looking for sponsors for our Dec 30th CD Release show! Know anyone interested in #advertising their company? contact us!
I'm trying to watch the Oscars but all I hear is "bewmeemeebewmeemeebew" constantly in the background.
next time boil some cinnamon sticks and than add that as ur water so holy good lol
follow back?
their guacamole is FIRE!! Congrats, hope you're a lifer now <3
Bold prediction/wishful thinking, MR also narrowly takes OH & TN
glad to hear it made my day.
It's easier to slip it purlwise rather that knitwise, but end result is the same.
RT Truth! RT : Rebecca Black < The Millionaires. And that's bad...
RT : Toughness is having the mental fortitude to shut off the little voice that is telling you to take the easy way out
Immma be SHUFFLIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE this Christmas.
To all my new followers thank you, what a Great Day!! Here in Denver!!
RT : Welcome to to the Scouting crew
#pdstechconf - Thank you! Malcolm Gladwell was so inspiring... I'm thinking about "being hungry and nimble" -so many good ideas heard today
Please do not get me started on the half time Superbowl show. The show was horrible. Madonna and the rest: Madonna you too OLD!!
Thank God we can vote in this country!
Did you make that?
RT : T2 What are you planning, personally &/or professionally for #NHDD? Talking to your family? Hosting an educational event?
I have been using and getting help at for the past 12 years. Good service from people and towers!
That exhale? Why, that's just me, basking in the glory of fully transitioning to the AMS.
OH HELL YES!!!
owning the Kids Choice Awards tonight? I think yes x)
Welcome to the present! :)
thankfully, no.
I still use it (with attribution) with every class
slap lonnie and take the truck!!!!!
RIP Whitney Houston :-(
Hello how are you? you sound amazing! Follow me
I love u fave!!RT : happy birthday to one of my favorite people In the world. May babies are the best!!
Weekly - and good luck! Let us know how you do!
i seriously should be #writing now ... procrastinating!!
Ouch. That hurt man.
my #1 is showering is optional
yes sir. I can go 17.5 holes playing poorly, end with a nice 15 foot putt, and be ready to play another 18.
Say it again... Thank you GOD!!!!!
Out shopping getting ready for Thursday! : )
Nashville Crew Works With Hip-Hop Group, Arrested Development
lol you know you walking into a smart ass response :P
Lmao. Finish wat we started :-) I had to leave early dat day remember cuz Sam picked me up..
Make an effort to change your ways, or your ways will change you.
jonesing for dinner. How you doing?
How did the canned ham product's namesake become the word that means "junkmail"?
lol just some words of advice :)
Oh no! Get better!
Thank you, I really appreciate your support.
music midtown, David Ryan Harris, and other singer/songwriters. Love me some boiled peanuts!
Interview subject for my video journalism class looked just like Quarles. Don't think this package is going too well...
Road Test in the morning 👍 About time i stop driving dirty!
If you think you're too small to make a difference you haven't spent a night with a mosquito.
I suck big time lol!! I had to work and help plan for the family reunion.
YOU MAKE YOUR OWN FUN cc:
Hey David! (:
From now on, I'm going to rate bands by how long they could hold out in a bar fight with Jack White. Blunderbuss is terrifyingly good.
There is that.
Just went thru my quotes on FaceBook,,I miss my MCC fam! I am super excited for them to be graduating in May!!
I really like the new avatar!
All I'm gonna do is just go on and do what I feel. - Jimi Hendrix
Not everyone stays forever. You have to learn to let go.
Hey #Orioles, maybe next year will be your year. Probably not, but I'm taking the optimistic route today.
Dude, the caring. I'm all outta it.
#4famouswords Live and Let Live
I love how everyone sleeps normally and peacefully...then there's 's butt sticking out.
It's like he's replacing Vinny. I know Vinny moved on to better and bigger things, on his own but it's just not right.
#mostinappropriatethingssaid2me eat my ass
Bubble bubble bubble, bubbles n da sea. This is da place 4 u & 4 me Singing on da bottom of da ocean floor. On our way from da sandy shore!
Thanks! is bringing his washboard so it should be a bit of a hoedown!!
are there any guestlist spots open for the show? I'm going to probably end up driving up after work that day. (:
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery.
67 years ago today World War II in Europe had ended in what became VE Day. I'm sucha boss in history
sounds like a pain lol
Found the stencil and so stenciled the newly painted becnh with lady bugs, dragonflies and frogs.
hell ya!!! p.s we better get more alaric thursday
no problem. sorry for the bad jokes :)
younger than me too I'll be 23 in July
GUYS ARE LIKE ROSES WATCH OUT FOR THE PRICKS
is excited for Jazz in the Sculpture Garden tomorrow night!
I try to hide the fact that I have a blackberry:x
I think my friend found out who i like.... CRAP I KNOW THEY WILL SPREAD RUMORS D:
yal let me know. I have 2 guns yal can fire. I can teach yal or the guy there can.
#OctaviaSpencer is adorable!!
keep on hatin hahaha #L61K69 how many championships has ul won in the last 50+ years?
Confession about me is ive never really been a family oriented person sad but true
hi me yeah hello
ops I meant Ecuador
no, all the mental health stuff. Also, the one about how I should exercise more because it makes you smarter.
beautiful morning in the mile high city!
I love They make great music that puts me in a great mood:-)
come back, come back! Let us know when you're in town next. We can arrange some fun stuff. Even if it's after hours.
Great shows coming up! on 10/27 at Headliners and on 10/31 at Frankies. Come on out Toledo :)
Just read it, and really appreciate it! Definitely not tl;dr - and I would know because I frequently write such things :)
and you will! Goodluck, 'the world will be watching' #hungergames lol
i hate you bitch
The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live.Elbert Hubbard
Zack how long have you been in the wwe ?
Welcome home
Hey ! What else did you see at #nationscapdental? Anything work checking out in the expo?
"Patriotic spending recycles American dollars" Well said!
I just wanna party
Mending fences with others requires a journey together on the higher road or being left to eat dust. (via )
George Berkeley is ruining my life-- and he's been dead for 250yrs.
To inspire innovation in our students teachers should work on "getting out of students way"
I love a good nights sleep.
I'm having a hard time weaving this basket. Am I supposed to have a boner?
Well I'm at my sister's job, but I'll be working here pretty soon.
Preach it, girl! That's the song!
Oh no snow on Thursday!
That was our first PhDeets Tweet! From Jenny Simon. She went over 125 characters, but she gets a pass for going first. PS: 125 or less!!
gettin my toes shined then errands so probably will miss bloodys. But shopping fo sho!
content interoperability is more of a cultural challenge than a technology challenge Peter Marney Thomson Reuters
Thanks so much for coming in today! Did you enjoy your meal?
Preach it brother. Preach it. Its like they believe that they are talking to goldfish.
I got this stomachache too.
check out my music
How is it possible that there are only 3 existing seasons of Arrested Development? This show is genius.
Do you mind me asking you why you're against it?
I bring tidings of goodness and joy wherever I go.
Practice makes perfect doesn't work. PERFECT practice makes perfect!
ahah thanks man
This track is smooth and melodic and definitely has a permanent place in the Soul City Radio rotation!!!" DeWayne Alston, Program Director
You're not enjoying my horseplay?
Bout to grab me some Miss Fried.
Haha no not for Valentine's. I like a little wobbly warbly music every now and then.
Javy Guerra gets the save and the Dodgers go on to win 7-6. Improving their 1st place record to 17-7. 1st place in the NL West.
Great -If you head to the exhibit hall, stop by Booth 1 We'd love to show you a great product that helps engage students
plus she was a cumdumpster, so always fun in bed lol
#daylightsavings, #sxsw, #springbreak have joined together to turn my world upside down this week!
Yum Mary! Enjoy your beverages!
OMFG!! rlly egypt?? oh and ikr logan is so lovable, sweet, charming, smart, and funny! hes the whole package
I owe you some recording funds. Promise I'll get around to that soon. RT first official day in studio!
For all our fans in West Washington, general reminder Mumbai is closed in Mondays!
Happy ever after, after all this time
Today in America TV Offers May Air Dates for Portland, Oregon
Scored not 1 but 2 bottles of 's Spring 2011 (yep) limited ed. tonight. I think someone made a mistake but I'll take it.
holy care package batman! i just got an emergency airdrop with 2 ac130's and 2 chopper gunner's in free for all. hells yeah.
Yay! Now xmarks works on Chrome, too. But you need Chrome beta version.
#WinterXGames Snowboard Street tomorrow! :b
Mr. Crabtree has graciously already lent his support :) you can check him off your list.
I am an incredibly indignant person.
All my mother's day plans were for outdoors. And it's raining.
Is it pathetic that I watch cooking and baking shows while running?!
We've worked enough for today. Time for beers. Who's with us?
Balancing my check book hate it.
In the stoooooooodeeeeeeeeooooohhhhhhhh!
Sent you a Scene Missing writing invitation, not sure if right email address, though.
when you open up you let yourself seem vunerable
Just got donee watching #NSN again nd it is truly the best movie ever <3 u if u see this pls RT I love u w all my heart
=D thata girl
Coffee and a very large cat... ;)
Laughing Offensively Loud Outside Long Ominous Limos.
Just saw 2 middle aged women almost fight in a panda express. Camarillo, CA please never change
