People irratate the fuck out of me! BOA if killin wasn illegal
can I just activate my phone already?
High as hell
that is awesome!! She is one of my faves ;) have a great day beautiful!
is this one of those situations where it's the thought that counts? Sorry to hear about the cancellation.
Do I like :) I LOVE !! How did I not know about this . Thank you xoxo
All relationships go through things, real relationships get through things.
It's funny how nobody was paying any attention to this ghetto movie until somebody on screen swore really loud
Are you going to Don Giovanni? have been invited to go on Friday.
who made you mad ? lol
Treat yourself to a sexual health test this easter ;) you know you want to!.
Any day ABOVE ground is a good one...
I swear i should of been born 60 years ago when swag was class and we respected one another
“: Saturday class with our students. The collective energy of these young people FLAME my hope for humanity.”
WHERE CAN I SEE manu game ? Is it a paychannel?
Lets put the ketchup on the fry. Love it.!!!
If you would like to try saynplay with him I'll send you a copy in exchange for some feedback.
. RT My grandma can be so racist sometimes.
“Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved.” - Erich Fromm
Ariana, please follow us we're helping John Hopkins Hospital in MD. We could use your help with your friends to follow. Please
Now, I'm becoming the ghost.
no I haven't had it for a min until today
At least it happened with this book and not anyone else's or Escape - I'd have totally lost it! Was a good trial run to debug!!
wish I was cuddling with him right now :(
“In business, you get what you want by giving other people what they want.” Alice Macdougall
the less people in your cipher, the less people to decipher. that's why i'm my own producer, engineer, & writer
How's everything going
Assuming no one else has started, I'm going to submit the proposal now.
With just over 16 days remaining until our 2012 Climb on March 24th, we have raised $68,015.61. That's over 50% of our goal of $135,000.
I heard several "fans" shouting stupid stuff today. And I felt bad for Na. But happy for Kuchar.
Perhaps, but that's something every NFL team wants and needs.
just when I was going to shut it down, I see someone on the hustle. I'm back on it!
I know it's been a longtime but we back on it
I'm liking this Chewsy thing!
You cannot be embarrassed of other peoples' actions- you have no control over them & therefore cannot take ownership
That's what Bill Belichick gets for not taking a handmade scarf at the airport. Way to keep it in the family, Eli!
Dick eaters piss me the fuck off !
I am the leader of the fuck Roger Godell commitee
Thank you for the PSA, RT'd by
I don't care much about wearing all that makeup and bullshit.. I'd rather keep it natural.
Search "Man In The Box", every episode is great and they only get funneir as you get to know the characters.
#SEME2012 day 2 about to begin. Excited about the young professional breakout lunch!
and hello! I believe you study with my friend
killin it up there as usual, Ill be in Jersey and NYC next month. Looking forward to seeing you tear it up
Oh sleep, you seem a far off delusion.
SIGNED!:D
Congress is involved more with MLB because of the anti trust protection they are given. Great show with Chael!
#TheAwkwardMoment When You Walk Into The Wrong ClassRoom Of The First Day Of School..! Lol ^.^
I'm going to bedd! Happy Holidays :)! GoodNight <3!
RT : The fact that they keep showing highlights from rik smitz reminds me of the good ole days
Technology, the law, and public opinion has evolved quite a bit since that case. (see e.g. US v. Jones)
That's us () Thanks for attending!
I had a chance to play in the field, but didn't get to bat.
Me too. I am watching every season on Netflix
Often our best teacher is the one that stares back to us from the mirror
that is awesome! We will have to stop in try you out and tweet out our review :)
Twins gonna get this game in tonight at Target Field?
me please!!
you should follow me. Be cool
Well it
Walmart Store Events Bring NASCAR Race Time Savings to Richmond Starting April 24 - Sacramento Bee
Th for the follow. Love your broadcasts. Need to find my remote my teen "displaced."
The NYU one!
itsRyanButler: What's a really good action/ horror movie to watch? The Strangers or Taken!
i never "tweet" either
8th graders who hang out on the tables by the bathrooms @ bball games like they own the place..I refuse to be intimidated
tonight at the Launchpad. Thanks to everyone that made last night so much fun. Check out RAWRRmusic.com
#STAR Conference. Computers recommended by Stenograph for court reporters: Toshiba Tecra, Acer Travel Mate and Sony Vio.
I should be able to post the presentation slides next week and an audio recording of the session later in May.
RT : Accepts and Regrets are now going out for #iste12 Yay!
We often forget to look at the low hanging fruit.
And all that do like me, thanks for the love and support! I really do appreciate it all. I am not too proud to say that.
fantastic hat!
I woke up at 6:40 then my mom said I could sleep a little longer so I went to bed. woke up and it was 8:50 am. I have school in 15 min. 😠
in order for this game to really open up city needs to score first
Congrats and Alex Paez! You've both won 2 tickets to at on 6/6!
lol. Thanks for that, I'll dry to keep my cooking to sober times
Exciting developer day tomorrow. It's going to be a great in-depth customer session with guest appearance by
#BecauseOfOneDirection i'm not insecure about myself and i actually feel beautiful :)
im hungry D; you should gimme some food ^_^
Breaking news: CNN sent me a breaking news email that had actual (but sad) breaking news!
I am definitely on board the train! Love her style, spunk, and personality.. & the kids: ADORABLE!
I'm bored. What's Lindsay Lohan up to?
tweet a picture.
True that. The GOP needs to take their party back.
thanks for sending me all the amazing stills, I appreciate it bb <3
Me and Cody have the same lucky number! ... If you subtract mine by 18
Here we are, face to face, a couple of silver spoons
Is Looking forward to the #grammyawards!
anytime! You finally got your twitter back!!
Hate when people sneeze all over the place smh........ disgusting
Thank You I borrowed your twitter background for my own page. It's F'n tweet! Go, Pack, Go!
“: JUST LEFT WIT ON THE WAY TO TACOMA FOR THE #GRITCITYTOUR WIT ” good times
2/4 Entree Special: Pepper Crusted Veal Tenderloin with Bacon Mixed Herb Pearl Pasta & Smoked Tomato Butter Sauce
Welcome to May! What are your fitness goals for the month?
well u gonna follow me back cuzz I can't dm u unless u do
you never texted back..... Lol
100 followers today! Thanks to all for the follows!
Confession #7: My favorite Disney movie is Pocahontas!<3
3/4 of the world is covered by water and the rest by asante samuel
my favorite avenger is ken katyanagi
Damn you Funshion, I wanna watch Dear John!.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ A man cant be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
Word. RT : OH in the van: "It's hard to run when you're tired."
Watching the lakers game
What are you guys going as??
Same with my mom ... like 98% of the time she takes his side
WOW CRAZY PICTURE BUT NICE SHOES//////
I cannot help it. They are just so stinkin adorable. They just have great moves. 😏
all day everyday
I'll get through this, somehow - with or without you!
Nice to see my publisher at the NALP PDI conference in DC.
Tranquil Saturday morning. Yoga @ Tranquil Space!
You alive?
i do as well... just not as much. I'm borderline ready to stop.
Wonderful moment @ the SD SOC Address; The young man in his Navy uniform singing the National Anthem as part of the SD Gay Men's Chorus.
Please, we know: The $ will be spend on Sac bureaucracy rather than thinking about the tax revs we'd have with redev projects.
Hi!I your fan.You most beautiful and cute in this world.Thank you, you for your songs, you're happy about us every day:)
i don't want to sound annoying but is their any way u could follow me?
Thanks for being at Spring Fling and announcing the launch of the #linkAges challenge!
Great idea playing flag football outside -.-
Thank you! missed it live... so cool ;)
Auditions in a few :) ;; beast at what I Do !
why ar you going home
"Everyone is forgiven now cuz tonight's the night the world begins again."-Better Days
Under SOPA, you could get 5 years for uploading a Michael Jackson song, one year more than the doctor who killed him.
Eastside all day all night
you need a new comeback
Like they say, u scratch my back & I'll scratch yours But when they give their campaign speeches u think they really care 4 ordinary people.
hardship breeds talent
When tears fall down, I want to be there to catch them...
YES I'm so ready for this, bring on them tweets! P.S. this weekend omg so many drunken tweets from me. Brace yourself, bro.
I feel your pain. It's like 80 degrees in my house, I'm convinced.
Our tailgating party is late. Good excuse to sit in the back of our Prius, in hand.
wow we could have texted:/
Judging from my trip from JC to Kingsport, I spent too much time in New Jersey
Mavs pulled ahead for a minute, but the Rush come right back. Score is now tied 6-6. Wish this game was at home!
Thank you to my new followers: , , , , You all are great Americans!
I wanna go to a kings vs ducks or kings vs sharks game haha but i'll obvi take what i can get!
Happy MooTuesday! Been busy grazing in Central Park.
You can say that again.
Soak Industry Knowledge - If you keep informed in the latest trends of your industry you'll have intelligent material to blog & tweet about
Let the show begin!!
you need a friend like me in yo life jok
I'll see you there. The show is amazing - caught it in Santa Monica
RT : Love your work. Some great covers and yes, 300 million potential readers sounds great to me. > Thanks!
so is it official? #gallerynight is now two days?
no plans to. i was there for less than 24 hours last time. it sucked.
can't wait to see y'all in orlando :)
Coal. I need more coal.
God gave me this amazing life, drinking and doing drugs would just tell him that his world wasn't good enough for me.
Do you plan on buying facebook stock?
Where the fuck in NYC do Swans practice? They'd need to cordon off a whole city block!
i give the pacers their props they played well.
Unsolicited Follow Tuesday (#uft?): , QSR PR pro, mighty funny dinner mate
On some "I cant WAIT til WE see dude"... Thats why there is nothing to talk about. I guess Ill just have to be ready when...
Glory to God in the highest heaven, and on earth peace to those on whom his favor rests. Luke 2:14. Merry Christmas! God Bless Us Every One!
I want to know what i did
ARC on some of it (newer pieces). Also: storyboards, view controller containment, appearance APIs. Good stuff.
You're such a sweetheart! But i much rather like to stand out because i like to thing i am one of a kind:) iloveyou Kendall!
If you have men who exclude any...creatures from compassion & pity, [they] will deal likewise with their fellow men. -Francis of Assisi
hates it when the back of my hair dries before the front.
LOOK TWICE! MOTORCYCLES ARE EVERYWHERE! *looks at kids scalp infested with hoards of bikers, filthy dudes & women in ill-fitting leather*
Ill spark that nigga.
I'm not, Denise. Emotobooks are the first medium of fiction for tablets and phones! I love them!
Servant ldrshp begins with the desire 2 change oneself. It then becomes possible 2 practice servant ldrshp at an institutional level.
Cant wait to see what your going to do tonight. Good Luck!
FYI, your shortened URL expands to a link that Chrome considers a malware site, so clicking thru from the tweet doesn't work..
everyone 11:11 i wish for to follow me
I do the same thing with spumoni.
What's good people im back
Happy to help. :) Hopefully the weather in San Fran will clear up soon for you. Wishing you happy travels!
cool, So you better not die Mar. 23 because i want that hug (; hahah
dear alarm crock, go back to china
Follow Friday:
RT if you love Patricia Elizabeth Lynn Mallette ♥ Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama.
Lol that dude #joel anthony got a boosie fade on the top of his shit
hi Heather :) I'm literally writing up your article now... it's coming along nicely. Will follow up soon. My best 2u, Mayra
haha! shout out to all zelda fans if you love midna from twilight princess!!!!! best chick ever!!!
It took the Dutch 35-years to get their health system in order. we're going to do it in 10-years. Plus free GP for all. That's on air now
RT : Being intimate with someone is the highest form of vulnerability to me, and it just don't happen with whoever.
Geez I'm smokin angry shit right now
this shouldnt even be news to you!
Freak Show was Amazing! Thx 4 coming everyone! Now to gear up for this fridays paseo art walk!
Just changed my profile picture. I love that picture. I have no idea why though! haha.
NEW SEASONAL FLAVORS TODAY!! Berry Cobbler a La Mode & Boston Cream!!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 30
The weather in LA is beautiful! Gotta love this sun. :)
RT : 20% of higher ed students should spend 3 months studying or training abroad by 2020, EU members have agreed....
Thanks for the #FF!!!
I love you like Alex loves her books.
- birthdays, beer, beautiful people, EAV, your #awesome friends...what's the question exactly?
no wonder it's so popular!
Read the paperwork, including the fine print, carefully, especially if the interest rate is below market rates.
is at the in #PDX today gathering support for #ArtsEd in our schools & sustainable #ArtsFunding in #PDX. Join us!
Have you ever thought about harnessing all the energy generated from your classes? You could power your own studios!
great job today!!
thank you!(:
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure.
I prefer Christine Allison 😒
You like making lil sly remarks on twitter huh ?
I think it's marketed as Adult, but it reads YA. And read by Kate Reading.
“: follow back ?” now following sorry it took so long
stop lying... she is totally attrackted to me
"when in doubt, choose change." *slow clap*
“Rejection is a bitter pill to swallow, but hand on heart, do you really want to be where you are not wanted?”
Does ur dad work in a bakery? Cuz you got some nice buns (; x
ah cool thanks, I know a lot of teams from different conferences, I just don't know which conf. are good in what sports (cont)
cant wait for WWE'12 looks great so far!
That was deep. Definition of American public: A populace moving around in a dark room with their eyes closed.
the cicadas sound pretty tonight.
If you wanted an update of some sort, I just saw Keegan Bradley tee off on No. 8 and eat a banana...that was pointless.
Why is the moon like a dollar?It has four quarters.
Drinking and smoking in the bathroom because we are
I have a bad outlook on cowboys now.... Even the Dallas cowboys
It's not, but I was hammered when I tweeted it....actually still drunk.
“: I hate waiting for replies. Wahhhhh.”
Has there ever been a male cleaning lady? ...Or shall I say a cleaning gentleman??? 
Let's hear it for New York, NY.
There it is!!! Unique office space indeed. Could be yours for the low, low price of $2450/mo.
Its a wrap... Game done!!
She certainly is.
Looking at all the hats on my wall makes me realize how many hats I've lost in the last couple years.
All good today many thibgs going on re hone and my wifey is tired huh, big kiss
Heard tell no one has moved that fast since Jesse Owens in the 1936 Olympic Games in Germany!
hold me like a lover &' we'll find a way to run away tonight. <3
Suggested band of the week "Cold War Kids"...I especially love "Hospital Beds" and "Audience"...check em out...
#Cleanliness and #clarity go hand in hand.
HOLLYWOOD'S DJ EVILONE RETURNS TO JOSEPHINE | FRIDAY FEBRUARY 25th THE EVENT OF THE NIGHT NOT TO BE MISSED!
Fuck it. Later followers, it's been real. If ya wanna reach me text me. I'll be back soon :)
LOL. Thank u. Now hurry up & get me that new #SWV album. Yall need me 2 write somen 2 speed it up? I will.
The specials at Kilroy's Sports tonight are great! Come out for $3 everything on Thirsty Thursday!
I ain't mad though! Hoes always hating on me!
what's up
Got it - replying now
It's wierd knowing that one person you're supposed to be with is walking somewhere on the planet right now...
Is anyone else annoyed by Sessions one rolled up sleeve?
Thanks for the RT! :)
#HowToGetRejected You get mad cuz I took a shit at yo house o_O Bitch that's how you know I like you!
pretty cool dude
not giving up.
aye bro u went to churchville right
yea that would be fun
Someone is going to hate you for being you, but many will love you for you.
RT : Oh gawd. Here come Derby hat contests.// This I love.
me too! I wonder if they r panko
thanks for the friday love! have a great week! :)
Now that that's over, how about them #Tigers ? Prince Fielder and Miguel Cabrera? Baseball please.
4 new followers in 20 mins! Thanks guys, 6 to go. I'll be outta here in 15mins, but I'll keep checking in.
were they blue?
When I saw I Want You Back trending I thought of the nsync song
When my brother says truck it sounds like fuck hahahaha
I understand. :/
It's going to be a longtime before I'm willing to watch another SEC football game.
RT : Server upgrade on Sunday, January 23, 12AM-6AM EST . Sync, web access, and API may be disrupted during this time.
Hi Everyone ! Thanks for inviting me
is not following me =( I am invisible to them! =(
everyday is national beer day to me
#Actors - Have trouble knowing how to prepare your script? Download Actsophia and use Script/Scene Prep to work through it step-by-step!
don't understand name changes on facebook. especially when you make an addition to your first name.
There's lots of other healthy foods than egg whites! :)
SD Home Garden's 30 annual Best Restaurants Awards (Silver Forks) are in July, 2011 edition; North Park eateries grab 3 top awards!
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU WILL EVERYONE PEASE RETWEET THIS ♥ THANKX XOXO [:
": Jazz are 12 minutes from elimination. Not sure "Final Countdown" is the soundtrack you want right here."lol I know
White girl politic'n that's that Sarah Palin.
Trekking across the Fens to get some fried chicken. , THIS is how much I care about you (and how little I care to offend you).
wtfff? When did you hear about that lmfao!!
Good day. Looking forward to tomorrow. Glad we're going east.
RT : Thanks aAsbury for offering classes to spouses fo free!! Can't wait to learn minus the papers. Unofficial masters degree!
RT : Not getting any sound from your condenser microphone? Make sure you turned on the phantom power.
A good hairstyle for steamy Austin summer! The more we've stayed in Fla for hubby's job, the shorter my hair has gotten
be lookin good in that avi ;)
Just pulled up @ Alesmith brewing 9368 Cabot dr......................here till 8!come on down!
It's why I'm one week shy of signing divorce papers.
Cause I want it all, or nothing at all.
Hell Yeah
can I come please !!!! Tell me where!!!
Teaching my mom about finding a bargain. If you want something on sale check google shopping BEFORE leaving. It shows area store and prices.
you're never gonna fit in much, kid.
#Two things i don't mix is White & Dark Liquor!
haha i do that plenty!
Newton South High School has a tough loss tonight under the lights, falling to Medford 13-0
Oh well regardless my money on Granger Lebron is afraid to fight he don't have it in him
Huge Headache leave me the hell alone
Thanks! Was nice meeting you,
Man, this train is depressing this morning. Come on guys! Do I gotta get this conga line jump started myself?
who are you?
yes mam, agreed !
Its my birfdayy! I can't believe I'm 20 years old! Loving this weather :)
Just waking up? Alright.
good morninn everybody .
thank you for your shoutouts!
But Had Fun Today On the Trip To Medieval Times ;-)
Izaak Walton~ I love such mirth as does not make friends ashamed to look upon one another next morning.
OHIO! What a Win! Time to get smashed Athens!
Thanks for sharing this story.
: “: WE HAVE THE CAUSE.YOU HAVE THE EFFECT. Donate 2 #Help4Hygiene & make an impact.
RT Great tool for iPad users... "All Stuck Up" great for me to mind map code and walk features for improvements.
I think the biggest thing gave the #sxtrekclass audience is intense jealousy for his students.
99 ways to get paid hosted by Dj Jerry & T.Brewer Coming Soon !!!!!-
tomorrow starting at the new job $$$$
Yes. Yes we are. RT : We goin in
is a solid AD. Big things coming for the Cats.
Coming soon... workshops announcement. Don't forget to register for the #paths2partnerships event on October 21! www.pathsreg.org
Your flipbook was darling! We hope to see you soon!
when? and where?
totally agree
Happy Birthday :)♥
That's impressive. What kinds of classes did they offer?
I really am though.
Let's Go Clippers They Better win
scratch that last tweet. Read: at last YOF meeting before M4C & C4K starts
thanks for supporting wamo100's networking event! Good seeing you too.
Looks like it could be Thursday.
Then I saw another angel flying in midair, and he had the eternal gospel to proclaim to those who live on earth.
Yippie... I am at 2000 friends! (cause I'm a friend Hoarder!)
you're not the only one who can mail the parents...
This weather is so so so nice!
#Virgo MB guy of the day: Prodigy
#OldeTownStadium will be screening 'Stiffs', 'The Rapture', 'Fistful of Staples',& 'The Crustacean Crisis', 'Shabadoo and Rigsby' at noon!
#RIPMCA Licensed To Ill
I got stuck trying to transcribe "whoa whoa whoa uh uh whoa whoa" into a tweet.
lol, that's a savvy move, I like your style.
Micro-Volunteering - I'm on this street corner, I have 30 seconds....what can I do? what data can I gather?
haha I love that game :)
Cal Anderson park is going to explode after and play this Saturday for the Bike-In! PeeWee Herman headlines the night
The age difference between #Rockies starter Jamie Moyer and #Giants starter Madison Bumgarner is one
I'm good and yourself?
yes- i must say that sometimes we need a nudge! Thanx!!
Re: the #luponeandmetcalf hysteria going on over at and - did you guys co-bribe Santa???
Rose should NOT have been in the game!
Just snatched the last clipboard from the library... Classmates are upset.
guys on the bus arguing about if video game characters and actors are fundamentally the same
Well, going to TRY to have a good day today after some boring ass idiots try to ruin mine yesterday on Facebook.
i believe its going to be at their store on azuza on the 22nd
Check out www.jammin1420.com NOW! I'm on...
twitter keeps unfollowing people :(
Hypocritical people these days.. Before y'all talk, know the facts about everything..
okay i went to the mall early this morning with my brother and his navy friends and this guy 15 came up to me was like hey ...
Great news, but too bad about your bags : We made it but without our luggage. Exhausted, but ready to start our events.
I have to go we'll talk later!
Sometimes you have to make wrong decisions. You'll learn from them and become a better person!! #lovemylife!!!
RT : Don't give up on something just because the outcome seems impossible. The only time the outcome becomes impossible is ...
Welcome to Twitter!
Giving space is so hard, but it's for the best & we will be back in the blink of an eye:) actually going to sleep relaxed.
dude. go get the Facebook messenger app so you can message me on Facebook. it's easier.
AMEN re: young theological diversity!
no my face Isnt on it lol. It's gonna be sexy. The guys are putting it together for me. They're awesome
The MATERIAL world is a manifestation of THOUGHTS and ENERGY
Any gluten free trucks? Would like to suggest them to for this summer's show!
White people like Wayne Brady because he makes Brian Gumbel look like Malcolm X.
RT : Traffic safety enforcement right now in GP & - run stop sign & meet our today.
S/o to #oomf talking bout I got bitches I got bitches I got bitches
New game plan: dump off, quick screen, or bomb.
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <334
Trying to work out coming to UK one day soon. There is some interest for #TheFUNctionMethod over there.
it just has a negative connotation - kinda like "gay"
New day, new drive, new direction. Walked through it. Capturing video from the Chicago-Detroit interview sweep. The doc is coming along.
The $trong feed on the weak, the Clever feed on the strong...*IPlayTheGame2Win*
I bet you and hook up tonight ;-) :-p
that statement goes both ways boo
this is so true.
What are people saying about SCSS? "Uplifting & borderline euphoric 2 start" "leading N2 a mind-numbing sort of Indica experience 2 finish"
What gAme of today will continue to go on 4 decades like Mario Bro.
whats up motherfuckerss.... back to writing more music!
RT Pro- #HFCS ads make me angry. We all know industry w/ big subsidies can pay to make their product appear healthy. Don't we?
lol. I'm sorry
I heard you were a wild one :)
Tonight! The Pretty Reckless (feat. Taylor Momsen of Gossip Girl) The Hollywood Kills 6:30 doors
Making that Dollar
Finish these guys!
Happy Mothers Day to my mom who has put up with me for nearly 18 years. <3
Ok, I got Northern lights, and Master kush
Boys that like to cuddle >
Oh like Memory!
August selection, I dare say, threatens to be hotter than the month itself. And i'll be in New Orleans
I've only watched like the first three! So I'll walk over when you do!
So so thirsty. But don't wanna get up
Join us next week.
FUCK YOU!! Ur an ass wipe. Go find a bigger state.
Amen sister. Same thing here. They don't help you find the cause, they just keep handing out more scripts.
Ooh, ooh, I think I know this one: it's because we're not exaggerating when we say we could do a better job than Bobby V?
If your a Tiger Woods 13 Guy, Must Follow - Greatest player of all time, now a developer. 16% more swag than
I've got .."Joy"...the bass player and the drummer and her vocals...OMG!!..track 2 ..Preachers Wife..awesome!
threw a roll? How classy o.e Why dis he do that? xD
GM have a great day despite the rain.
For sure, with a better plan on receiving donation towards our cause.
Full name on Kotter... Juan Luis Pedro Philippo DeHuevos Epstein. I hope he 'has a note' when arriving at the pearly gates.
it was great seeing you too! I am looking forward to wine night. I am free this week if you have some time.
ahh ok I'm not home anymore I guess I'll try more later! Thanks
Pepper crusted flat iron, seasonal vegetables, blue cheese and bacon mashed potatoes all for $10.95! Beat that!!!
Going to bed so tired. Glad my baby is happy <3
RT : Joe Budden on First Take looking like DMX when he was pretending to be a Muslim so he could kill the Minister.”
Props to for taking the fight against squirrels to his backyard, hilarious talk.
: thanks for the shoutout!
I saw a kid in a stroller eating bugles at 9 am. Why is America fat. Part of reason is dumb ass parents. What a nutritious breakfast
sure did! I knew for some time they were coming - but now that it's official I am stoked. Right by school :)
Sponge Bob !!! Morning :) Im ready Im ready !
NEW PHOTOGRAPHY BLOG!! NEW BORN PORTRAITS, CHECK IT OUT.
I hate when U know you did somthing wrong but wont admit to IT
you know what makes one a good #writer? Reading. Yes, reading. And not just #chicklit but genres outside of your specialty
Had fun with my "child" ebony nd my big sis destiny!!!! Seen #oomf and was looking really cute!
do you have dragons?
It's really hard for me to watch hood/ amateur girls fight...just so much hair pulling and sitting on top of each other
Fat Joe and Rick Ross seeing who's fatter is
Hi people of earth follow me gal guy gay l follow back :)
Friday!:D
big soccer day tomorrow:Champions League final and the playoff for the final EPL promotion spot Blackpool v Cardiff City
Winter is Past by Victoria C. Slotto-a woman's journey through fear of loss. Thank you.
Party and stuff. 👌
If you don't dream big, there's no use of dreaming. If you don't have faith, there's nothing worth believing.
the name sounds familiar
Yes, Save the Cat is worth reading & learning from, but before making it your Bible, consider if you want to write movies like Blank Check.
Jamming to in car strolling thru downtown back to the shop!
hi :) How r u? I wanted to ask u... How long have u been acting? I'm wondering cuz I'm trying to start
you coming to portland BRO???
There are 2 blazers that I *need* from Dr. K's. One for 's Seersucker Social.
Welcome to the paaarrrty
KARAOKE tonight at the Newsroom / safehouse
RT : s/o to my cousin for putting me on this - "Love Riot" CD!! It's pure awesomeness! // stellar worship
Miss you.
"Ron Burgandy had never heard that song, so the fall was much worse..."
So everyone knows..#Libertarian = Embarrassed #Republican. Same, same.
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!! RTg
Submitted two tickets re: embedding troubles - links work in preview, but not when 'live'. Campaign launching, would love help!
Samsung takes cell phone market lead from Nokia
Overpriced businesses tend to be replaced by superior competitors. You think that's bad? You don't support consumer choice?
If Roberto di Matteo isn't hired on as the full-time manager for I'm not even sure if I should be a fan. He's done a superb job!
Loving the passion and prompt time line haha!
hey hey I just finished performing MJ tribute show. It was awesome!
"I love (girl) better than my mother, my father, than Picasso, and even better than money." Surrealist painter or Rick Ross, who said this?
I adopted the two on my section of 2nd St. Costco also has some amazing deals on things!
It happens to me too lol
I was glad to find "The Senator's Wife" on my shelf; no clue when I bought it!
A basic nigga will wife a "hoe" just to have someone to call his "own"
In God's World; We get to observe experience That turn into patterns. Our experience purposefully emanates into the world. m.e.
Sean Putman Director Training and Documentation Altair Engineering, looking for better ways to make our users better
LOL. I am so sad! Ravens Fan for life! Bmore forever! Got a 73 inch 3D HDTV I can't wait to watch them on next season!
AND DECEMBER 7th ??? WHAT'S THAT ABOUT ???
thanks so much for the blog post RT Mark! Hope all is well whether you be in the air or on the ground... ;-)
Just saw Return of the King extended edition on the big screen. Such an awesome movie, it didn't even feel like 4 hrs went by.
Looking back at it now, the movie "All The Presidents Men," may be one of my biggest influences. Redford & Hoffman are superb.
Haha! Me too! Like if I met someone like Hillary, I'd probably forget my name too! & be totally speechless! :)))
Welcome aboard!
: Great crowd today at the Rose Kennedy Greenway... would love to see the Cup!
Looking for Solar Eclipse Viewing Glasses? Come to the Balloon Museum Shoppe today! Call 505-822-1111 for details!
In the answer to the 2nd question there is a typo. Now = know
miss you all
Panel on Sat @ 2pm discusses NC textile cottage industries. Followed by dance where a dress made of clay "returns" to the earth. Free.
Losing weight takes Weeks & Months, Building Muscle takes Years .
Shoot me your addy and we'll send you a disc!
ok “: Apparently I have been told...if you love me you have to follow my best friend You have no choice.:)
Thanks! You rock!
Ohh That's Nice
thank u! I feel very welcomed!
Listening to Bach. Classical: what you put on when *nothing* sounds good.
Well, now we know: and think the same things, but Linz does it in CAPS! ;-)
#NCPH2012 tweeps, note the 3:00 meeting on the future of the Public Historian. Open access advocates need to be numerous and vocal!
are you feeling okay??
#nw Bad Teacher
oh u r hot lol just wanted to tell u that.
Cupcakes in your favorite Halloween flavors;snickers, almond joy, hot tamales and candy corn !..where to buy,follow
I wish I could dance or sing
Guessing Brenly screwed up. Nieves no-hitter was April 15, 1987. Bill Schroeder of FoxSports-Wisconsin caught him that night.
We bake the way trains
gaah so jealous. Enz says to get her an autograph from someone lmao. Have fun hun
You laughed though, didn't you
If could natively generate RSS feeds, it would be seriously powerful. Imagine being able to transform non-personal email into a feed.
YES! YES! YES! Congrats Mr. Plummer!
"I think my favorite part of burning man was my boobs getting fresh air."
Ditto that! Red #Wine!
how come I can ask 3 different people the same question and get 3 different answers?
Finish up classes, play games all day : P
thanks sweetie! XOXOX
Lions select Amari Spievey...Big Ten boy. They are addressing needs, and I like it! Good pick at the 3rd round.
In the power invested into you two love birds I now pronouns you husband and wife you may kiss the bride
Cant believe Austin is taking such a huge step, proud of him x
Is everyone ready to watch #Glee?! :D
Do someone wanna come over and chill...im so bored
just quoted a Britney Spears tweet that included "OMG". Respect and credibility lost.
Ed Formire leaving to become deputy director of the Laguna Art Museum
wouldn't miss it! been counting down the days
oh, awesome! camping is definitely in order. :) we will be moving for reals at the end of April.
This is so true and just a choice! RT : When you control your attitude you also control your life.
Kids of all ages - sign up today 4 the American Girl Holiday on Sun., Dec. 18 @ 6pm. Enjoy games, crafts & food celebrating these dolls!
Anybody have suggestions on movies that have voice narration? I love those type of shows!
thanks for the #prologue of my #book about
I'll be happy to help to you with it! You can DM me if you want to! :]
come visit us! The dog is in today!
your face
It's never too late to pick up an instrument and learn how music making can be an integral part of maintaining a healthy mind and body.
sounds fun! My next book needs a bad boy...(don't we all :-))
#edu11 Lunch Don Erwin of Buffalo & Brian Paige of Oakland. What if IT goals were Support learning outcomes & Support innovative faculty?
what are you doing?!
I JUST Watched a good ass movie
And I won't get into how El Salvador should have been playing a man down...thanks to that nice punch of Boyd.
looking forward to working with you!
Still sad we can't get heavy seas brewery beer in our keg at Good thing my house has no such limitation.
|#quotes We are taught to understand, correctly, that courage is not the absence of fear, but the capacity for action despite our fears.
The #Republican Party now belongs to #Mitt #Romney, the presumptive #GOP prez nominee. The Tea Party must be sick about it!
Ditto that! ": Thanks for coming to da Burgh! Yinz guys are the awesomest!”
Excited for
Your mom went to ALL the trouble of reading that headline & forwarding it without mentioning why. The LEAST you can say is "thx."
Charles Ray in conversation at tonight, 6pm, free.
Banners 2.50 a sq ft if you call today and mention this status! 615-255-3825!
I don't even know what day it is.
just send me the email..I'll send the link and info regarding.
#TheMoneyTeam justin B, 50 and nelly Coming out to
Let's expose the promiscuous lesbians as well
Tainted love Tuesday
Supplier of Brazilian Hardwood Flooring • Decking • Lumber
En route to Canadada. I really hope to eat poutine.
Then Maybe We Should See Whats up with everybody and Do Something This Week Or Weekend?
Just watched the #HYFR music video. AH. Why is #Drake so hott?
good morning to you as well
I've got a little crush...haven't had one of those in forever
RT : The Louvre's Got Game, Replaces Audio Tours With Nintendo 3DS [VIDEO] - on.mash.to/vaY47Y
Check in between 8pm and 4am on #foursquare to unlock #nye badge ( via ) cc:
One day, I hope to have a wrench that allows me to be self-sufficient in these terms.
Fashion, music, fun. Lucky Magazine founding publisher Sandy Golinkin talks about the industry. Tonite 5-7:30
it wasn't my goal but I'll keep mayorship safe 4 u from while ur on vaca. Guess i'll be getting up early for awhile
Hoodmorning to from phoenix
Bases loaded on mothers day? Where's Cervelli?
lol you silly
is to attack Lois. Even if this person honestly believes that post, he's in the minority and I find comfort in that.
So, you lost 7 lbs in your first 9 days with Isagenix. How's it been since then?
Just saw a kid open the door for his date. Reminds me of
Ow ow ow fingers hurt from playing so much
Don't text me no tomfoolery this time of the night. Not really in the mood, yo.
It's amazing how many people are on treadmills in Chicago at 5:30 AM and how many people wear fur (when it's not even that cold out!).
Today's ELECTION DAY! Log in to PilotsUP, click on ASUP 2011 Spring Elections and VOTE! Seniors you can vote too!
Talking to Mom about #leadership ... when you run an office or a team, give them ownership of their world & they'll produce for you!
Every time my VPN connection to work freezes this morning, I'm deducting 5 minutes extra from my workday. 3 hour day - here I come!
s/o to the pple that be talking down on me and saying negative things bout me its just gone keep pushing me
i get it, but there are a number of variables at work, and it was only one instance. i think some a/b tests are needed :)
He's playing with my heart and I'm playing with his mind
I know a few #vegetarians & #vegans who might find these recipes interesting :-) Thanks.
Sure thing. Hope it helps.
Get real with us: what's your BIGGEST #collegeaudition fear?
Follow !!! She's the shit!
omg... wish I was there. Sounds like you made it to the top?
Looking forward to video call with new partners in Shanghai tonight. Making some great progress!
Going to try playing with a balsamic and maple glaze chicken wing, sweet potato fries and a Cobb salad. Yes?
ugh........i'm sure things can only get better
Absolutely. Pollack Johnny's was one of our favorites. Well done Polish with the works!
He's just worried about getting past the first 10 pages of the Spanish Rosetta Stone book.
"It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness." - Chinese proverb (also a favorite quote of Eleanor Roosevelt)
#Lawyers #Networking at conferences is simple. Smile, be friendly, introduce yourself to others, and ask: What did you think of the panel?
Just watched #BlackSwan . Holy crap! That was intense.
roger sterling is one of the
ITS GAMEDAY LETS GO PACKERS!!
Nah they been around to much.....>.<
sure! We'd love to have you come by
#3WordsForYou Never forget me.
Duran: "Let me be crystal clear: there will not be one dime of taxpayer money used to help these undocumented students go to college"
Every man has inside himself a parasitic being who is acting not at all to his advantage. William S. Burroughs
Stay Spirited- show your team pride! JT has got what you need for any tailgate.
Bruised a rib but got 4th place. Won 15 bucks! Cyclocross ftw.
I like u 2 and U S--KIT
we eat so many scrimp.
Completely agree. Great article.
I just woke up to. Haha.
Very long week. But hey there's The Masters and time to rest this weekend.
Do you know about this spam impersonating u? Recv'd it this morning in the email linked to my Y! acct. HTML attached w/ enc. JS.
Not yet. If it's too hard to do, don't sweat it.
#justlikedat dumb shit every time, i hustle hard getting money!
As #housing market limps along, proximity to surrounding svcs incr in importance. Opportunity for better loc svc provision
We're stoked. We perform right before them. Check us out if u can. 6pm same stage.
Teeth are the hardest substance in the human body.
Hadn't listened to 's 'The Photo Album' in awhile. If possible, I think I love it even more this go 'round. #Magical!
My fiance is 37 and I call her a Cougar. 35+ = cougar.
Got another snow day coming on!!!! Time to put on my sweater and brave the great outdoors.
Thank you. I've become an incredible person since I met you!
mayne wassup let's get in the lab this week ?
My butt bone litterally hurts. Wtf happened to me
"The Derby girls and Carmen aren't impressed by the guys' lame attempt to impress them with matching pink shirts."
im so glad i bought a poster last night <3 if i had waited i wouldn't have gotten one :)
Good luck at Marquette !
TED make me freak out! It is the time when 32,000 years of human pondering are finally answered without uncertainty.
On my way to Brooklyn to take class! Yay!
My friends have the stupidest ideas.
Thank you for the overwhelmingly awesome response to our Brazilian Blowout special! We're so excited to share this with you!
When diluted, clove oil can be used to numb your gums, mouth and teeth during a toothache.
GET HIM OFF MY TV!
It's FatTire Friday @ Copper Top bottom of Peak 9 ( Beaver Run Chair) w/DJ Cyn! Starts at 2:30...Come get a beer after shreddin the powder!
This is the first time a Knicks playoff win has been celebrated on a social networking website.
thanks to you, it was a great presentation and good context for
I am so grateful for you!!! <3 have great days!!
Sorry Ziemer, this is the NFL draft, not the MLS draft. RT : What about Alex Tanney from Monmouth, Oatesy!
Jane Velez Mitchel can hold her own...
I am going to give HootSuite a try (thanks for the tip, Quentin) - looks like it can handle multiple twitter accounts
o woah....:O i could NOT wait THAT long xD
It all started with me correcting you on a typo.
There's a big difference between a mass demonstration and a riot. . . And at least there were ballots to recount. .
Watched a sad movie over the weekend. I realized my niece warned me not to rent it. Why didn't I remember?!!
“: Thank you to for supporting vs Justin Vernon!!” <- Thank you for making amazing music! :)
That's funny. I keep reading it as "Delphi" and thinking of the oracle, the vapor-induced visions, etc..
Had fun with a girls volleyball team - playing with their minds. They loved it and are coming back for the show tonight.
Big shout out to Washington Redskin players and for always finding the time to help those who are less fortunate.
cool stuff. i forgot what i was about to tweet #SoLeya -.-'
Tweeting to all my twats
great q. I've got an underwater photo of sea anemones, a deer bone, raw amethyst & some sea shells. Oh and a geode. paleozoic?
Wanna go for a drive? Or race
I just can't buy #RoryGilmore #SisterhoodOfTheTravelingPants as seductress- especially with the pasty and bloodless
Done! Clicked on it six times, haha. Apparently you should invest your bonus in some prime island real estate!
thank u
Thanks boo! xoxo
Don't Follow Me & Then Unfollow Me . Lol I'ma Unfollow You Right Back !
Couch getting fixed! Then time to get out and #run and enjoy the day!
RT : RT : Who's ready to watch 's today? #RipTheRunway Amateur Model Search <-lets see how they work!
I hate my family. My gramdma cant speak up for herself and my mom cant shut up. Its rediculous.
I'm glad your first ever Tweet was to me! :)
You can add Flacco to that list, whether he is truly at that level or not, Ravens are committed long term.
You are your own problem and solution.
craving SundayFunday asap.
My Miami people gotta follow Great stuff. Real personable and a fun way to follow a baseball squad.
At triumph church sugar land
Another disagreement between me and I'm for & she's for ! just like last year!
Haha better be! >:p
Life is a fucking mess atm, thank god i have , Love you<3
Blessed to have a job because daytime television is shit
Can we agree it's hard to pitch in the majors? Like, pretty difficult. Can someone PLEASE explain how CHRIS DAVIS shutout the #Sox for 2?
It's Sprada day! Most people call it Sweetest Day but since I am the sweetest person ever it's MY holiday. How are you celebrating?
Good to see #annehathaway busting her butt in the gym today. #catwoman would be proud
What a huge success this road show is...I am humbled by all the support and people coming up saying how much they love my toffee!
Cheers you hot ass boy!
*peeks in* RT : back off bitch lol RT Goodness your exceptionally hot": Hi sweetie"
Speaking to a Professional Practices class at Cornish this afternoon - just finished putting together my slides.
Love the fact I get done work so early lol then jus chill for the rest of the day 👍
R.I.P. Donna Summer
LIKE NOAH YOU HAVE "FOUND FAVOR" (Gen 6:8) Wickedness and evil are all around! But you have FOUND FAVOR in the eyes of the LORD. #Sir Court
Anybody wanna help me get to 200 followers????
that's a good way to describe it.
yeah u had to get in trouble!!!! No luv from u!
I kicked that tests ass! Woohoo!
Crazy sexy cool
And now "rude boy"? Oh pandora, you shouldn't have!
I saw a man eating out of a garbage can, so I offered him my turkey sandwich. He told me, "No thanks, I don't eat turkey."
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." -William James
hi. so i kinda really love your laugh & the way you smile & pretty much everything else about you. so ya, bye.
I know you guy are coming to Indy soon, but that's not close to my house!! So come to either kokomo or Lafayette!!!
Idaho attorney, David Nevin representing 911 conspirators at Gitmo & has the gall to whine that they`d been tortured.
We're busy getting clients ready for trade shows including #AGG1 #NPE2012 and #ISRI2012 Trade show season is in full swing!
365 days till im grown
We're on the same wavelength! I'm in Portland today. Sorry I missed you! Let's talk soon...
aye when's the next song you have
uneven was the knock on it...was that the case?
and you got tto learn something about me! Lol
Gotta love "some like it hot" on a good day indeed.
Thanks ! We have more than 750 locations across the country!
Turner Field I20
She's great!
Hope to see you there... flowers are blooming. Intimate Salons also have their purpose. (I've several private circles.)
Serious props to those yogis out there. Just finished my 2nd class and it is very challenging. It ain't no joke.
that's when I wanted to go ! and uhm , if she wants to yeah I guess (:
if it isn't causing problems w/ cars & no one gets hurt who cares if someone takes a sled down a road. Makes me want to go.
Enjoy reading part 8... lol sorry it sucks!!!!
"Why you need a website" USC event today: 4:30pm THH 102 featuring speakers + dessert!
sent you and email.. Thx
Need to start shedding the 'cruise pounds' from my trip last week......I'll start right after this cookie.....
Do Persians give socks to everyone during the holidays like Asians LOL? Very jazzy selection :)
That's right: I'll find folks and hunt them down, and force them into following me to get my "Great Resource"s :P
today will be the death of me.
Reluctantly passed on tonight's Meatpocalypse to avoid spreading my hacking cough. Playing COD instead, so feel free to send a game invite.
unlike some loser actually just made my day SUPER MAD SHOUT OUT TO U!!! Team fb
What does "LOVE" look like to you?
Agreed. you totally took the words right out of my mouth
Manchester (Mullen) is down 2-1 to Norfolk, and hosts game 4 tomorrow.
never heard of it. Nice half pickle though...
I think you should follow in 's steps and follow me lol ;D Savan knows what he's doing :p
Yes! Michael Buble has a new book!
Extra tired n i need 2 start running again
Hello Jeff! Thank you for the follow! I enjoy connecting with other Sacramentans!
RT : Saw The Island Pres. last night. Very recommended! Great story of democracy &
This is absolutely terrifying news...goodbye freedom of the press. What a dangerous precedent to set.
are they super fem gays? Hahaha!! I can only imagine what that game of call of duty is like. I would b confused too. Lol!
What do you think will be the biggest targets for hackers with cloud computing?
Yes sir! Im from San Francisco and season ticket holder Sec 143. Im coming may in the panda suit and trying to launch in the bay
where at?
I think it's funny how you finish the day and lay down and realize just how much your legs hurt. Good day.
do you keep things in the back of your phone case? i know i do RT if you do the same thing <3
POW ! RT : Good morning how about a follow on this beautiful Wednesday all the way from Toronto :)
RT It's just one of them days.... " >the rain is all I can say
My album drops may 25th
THANK YOU so much! Your work in the community is amazing and your music is a delight! WORD!
Good morning everyone.Don't friend your boss on twitter or facebook i have a block on his whole family.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
If you love two people at the same time chose the 2nd because if you were really inlove with the 1st you would have never fallen for the 2nd
throat so sore!!! counting down the minutes til I can get out of #steenbock and into my new sheets
She dont even feel right without me
Let's Go HEAT!!!
bingo! RT : Empowered Patients must go into Doc Appt w/ a PLAN.
Well, yes. But we knew that already. Earnest users of the social medias.
S/o to brought the new year in right.
Make sure to check back for more chef announcements. Great chefs and even better food!
Wow i feel like i got hit by a Ford Taurus. This is the only time of year that I see 4 am multiple nights in a row. Love Key West
yeah definitely
Just saw Jason. It made me sad. True story.
It is going to be in the 90s most of the week, with heat indexes of up to 110F! How are you and your family beating the heat this week?
PLZ FOLLOW ME ! FOLLOW & I BE THE HAPPIEST GIRL IN THE WORLD<3j'ADORE LAVIE EN ROSE . jE T'AIME BEAUCOUP!! (French)
you should search up your name and see what comes up
still up grinding.. i have so much to learn about this business and i have a boss that works hard..i have to match his intensity
RT hey swag daddy please follow me<3
Time for my #powernap >:)
"Man in Mirror" on @ Subway. Wonder if my sandwich artists were inspired by the greatest. Or was he singing to the Man in the sneeze guard?
'Revenge' Chicks: Who'd You Rather?
how was the track meet ?
I love Sonic!:D
Sent you the first Sample of your Productions Intro Song.
Next time my daughter makes me get up @ 3am to line up for AI... Steven Tyler better be there to give me a kiss
you and your fried Oreos.
This little girl just really feel back to sleep on my back and her face is on mine oh hell nah pune
Anyone want a Wordpress plugin to display 17 of your social media profiles? If so, just reply...
Gah! RT : Or sell naming rights. What's not to love about the Philip Morris Newbery Award?
RT "A wise wo/man will make more opportunities than s/he finds." Francis Bacon
Whos home from school and ready to play at highland tmrw??
aw yall up a little.. Cab is smooth tho.. Once you on the strip you aint gonna want to leave it.. Er'body on it lol
why would you do that to them? For your own personal pleasure? Cain and Abel got nothin' on them.
Pink Eye will last 3-5 days. And though its not life threatening or dangerous, it is highly contagious and uncomfortable....
Is it really?I almost saw it but then went to the site. You have to admit that they're not helping there cause with the site.
I mean, I think at a certain point you've gone on enough vacations!
There have been too many instances in my life where GOD has proven he is real.Prayer with 100 percent faith really works!
Spartanburg Ham radio pioneer wins national thank-you - Spartanburg Herald Journal
50 shades of grey is getting so addicting
#thatawkwardmoment when ur digging the songs played where you are & then rainbow connection starts playing.. 0.o LOL ;)
I'm so hurt
All you touch and all you see, Is all your life will ever be. - - - Pink Floyd, "Breathe"
God night <3
cant attack ' theories b/c he simply does not engage (applies manufactured consent) to truly challenging counter
Left the tavern. Now on to REAL, hopped at the table beer with and THE wife. @
Merry Christmas, everyone. Remember, reach out to friends & neighbors who don't feel so joyous on this joyous day.
hey guys i will e starting a youtube accout but idk what kinds of videos should i make?? tweet some ideas please
Crackle has free movies. Checked it out. Can't wait to watch 17 diff versions of Godzilla, Beverly Hills Ninja and "Das Boot".
": Mad Miami lost -____-"they weak
Much appreciated! Let us know what they say about it!
Brewer crew up 8.5 . Good night
With that said, let me carry my ass to the salon.
why haven't the NIck Parents' Pick winners been announced? i'm dying here...
Correct RT No one knows what it is like for a child to be abused by an adult; stop behaving as if it is not a big deal.
your such a pussy
Great team lunch with developers Good discussions on cloud and building incredible things for customers like never before!
I'm always hesitant to blame magic, but I think it's safe to say that the Browns (and Cleveland in general) are cursed.
"Oh no we do NOT do turtle necks."
looking for RoR leads in Southern FL and NYC. Send resumes and referrals to
“As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round.” Ben Hogan
RT : More than ten people a year are killed by vending machines.
I don't know what happened to common sense and intelligence. And I don't know if I should worry or laugh.
Welcome to the exciting world of Twitter! :) Looking forward to reading some Tweets on Friday.
Open your eyes, and witness the destruction. Open your ears, and hear what you've become.
Like Water Out The Sky
Thanks for the RT!
oh yea we about to do that
Thanks again! :)
I'd say you're in good shape. Vick alone can run for days. And one Vick to DeSean bomb pretty much seals the deal
Great day, while #pingfederate +#pingone = better together, consensus says the ultimate is bacon + bacon = better together :)
Excuse me, did you just quote Bible, in this conversation, in order to get your way?
Paradox - Life is a mystery, don't waist time trying to figure it out.
Haha... And come on Eileen :) 100% homo :)
One period down. You guys got this Go #Pens!!!
Happy Easter
": Our message at 100k followers is to tweet each other well & to spread good vibes. #lifeisgood #optimism #passion"
I was that unmotivated student in my 1st online class.I wrk so much bttr interacting live. contributing 2 online convo
Extremely disappointed to learn that Indians pitcher Fausto Carmona is actually named "Roberto Hernandez."
I've been a Rangers fan forever... We gave him all that bread and this nigga changed our team. LOL
Indiana with 20 wins. Coach Crean has brought the program back to std tonight.
Our website is up! Check it out: www.phuongnhuanddan.ourwedding.com Aaandlet me know if there are any typos :)
#BandsILove One Direction duh!
a nap sounds amazing.
Deactivate pants
Finally a break from Baton film set. Hitting the dirty dirty with film friends. THANK GAWD!!!!!
None of my followers tweet me. What the hell. #foreveralone #nofriends #tweetme #:(
Im sittin here n the corner lookin @ ya pics & fallin n love w/ u all over again and missin you more then ever b4 OMG i miss u BOODAH BODI
You know your town has hit the BIG TIME when Matt Savage arrives...!!!
Just a little :-)
It’s never too late to get your holiday cards. can help, order by December 22nd.
I always say I like Kentucky and Baylor, the most talented teams in the #NCAA but I chose NC to win it all this year!! #FinalFour!!!!
It's a balmy March morning here in #richmond va...operating as a social media goddess until 11, then morphing back to editor status
i wish i work all the hours god sends. No time to party :(
My dog is ill today
I imagine that is a huge amount of money for a show that's on a cable network.
www.flickr.com/groups/transmodernfestival JOIN OUR FLICKR GROUP!
I think the fact that I've been real busy this week is making the time fly by
I'm thinking about how weird one of my customers is- quite a love/hate relationship. He's only nice to me when I'm mean to him...exhausting!
fuuuuck i forgot all about it haha
RT : Success is buried on the other side of rejection. ~Tony Robbins
my mom says those are near indestructible. they can survive off almost no light and will perk up w/ h2o after looking wilted
Yeah...true. He just needs to put some ice on it.
Master P Was Sexy Thenna Btch !
This was my entire morning. Still overdressed :(
so go out and enjoy that #CALIWEATHER With family and friends. Life ain't about TV.
wow I really wish you didn't point that out because now I can't help but notice it.
Really? :) where do you park?
My Cocker,Lily was diagnosed w/diabetes 3 wks ago, and w/in a few hrs yesterday, she went blind, she's only 6, + I was laid off the week b4
If you are coming to the Heartland Worship Institute....get your deposit in before the price goes up soon!!
oh really sir (: lol
We need something to revive us.
yea she's gonna be 2 in 2 wks.! :)
Life is sweet. Amazing food. Great music. Good scene.
#WorstRapLineEver young based god it's nothing 55 Bieber swag off the meter 50 on my shhh cause I look like Bieber - lil b
I've watched the first 2 seasons of #MadMen in ten days. I think I have a problem.
Time to cut a Bitch!
setting across from Georgia bench. I think I heard some crickets!
One request tonight :: Being present. Taking careful.
“: Philly is one corner of the Douchebag Triangle (Philly/NJ/NYC)”
You're going to be at BlogHer? And I'm going to miss it this year! That just isn't right.
This is his 14th 500. Numerology has a funny way of working things out at Daytona.
I feel like we're married, it seems like we are always together.
The article brings up some interesting points.
But they're recording it now, released in an hour; and commentators are not allowed to discuss it.
oh, we are of the same age era...'66 for me.
I'll be at the CBS studio tomorrow rooting for you!
Heat vs Knicks is gonna be better than any other series
what did you get? haha and same here just waking up
Lol #facepalm RT : Yeah, & their new ass't coaches suck! #ohwait RT : Hilarious. Only the new, NEW Big East
ok i have benn trying to look for #girlfriendmagazine in almost every store i can find in #tampabayFL & i have #noluck :/
Lawl at least I'm not the only one
I wish I did - agree with you that the site's a nightmare. I've about given up.
Merp! Will look into this. Thankfully our alums pay meticulous attention to detail!
Could you give a bit more info??? The rumors are crazy!
leave me da fuck alone bro
Add pizza to your list! “: It's official - LA can suck NY's butt when it comes to bagels and Chinese food.”
Hm ... according to my web site stats, Twitter users click links less than FB, LinkedIn, Google+ and Pinterest users! WTF! Wake up!
i love you! you're my inspiration . ♥
Why Am I not surprised to see the #Tigers losing?
Follow for live tweets from the Woodruff Lecture at 11.
Yes. RT : Seriously??? RT : Story of the day: Arlington bans leaf blowers completely from May to October!
yes what u up to
there is nothing I hate more in the world the mistaking raisin for chocolate chip!
Re; I agree Walter. They were wonderful people and an inspiration to an entire community.
My mommy is supper happy today she got a cake .. She got new everything and her FAV seafood. She's just super happy n that makes me happy !
yeah right Lmao
stop by our patio for some great food and fresh drink while you're in town!
baby you so fine
tweet copper to others who have said this as well 😜 a.k.a Everyone
Niggas really just wanna do some cool shit tonight
thanks for the follow. How's the weather out in Boulder today?
Fuckin Artest Lmaooooo!!! Omg how I hate the. Get that dick out yo mouf and speak English bro. The fuck u just say? U egg head ass alien
I think we're going to have to add Rex hospital brunch into the rotation after long runs.
Kyrie Irving is unreal.
This game.
god no, I haven't watched terminator. But time traveling robots sound bad. Maybe I can fend them off w/ some fembots
My acne :(
This is a bad, bad idea RT Chen back out for the 8th at 105 pitches. color me impressed.
world power
Almost went to bed with contacts in.
that's my song! 💛
got my 10 year highschool reunion coming up!
is it possible for someone to be cute, but ugly at the samee time ?
is so gorgeous so sweet, and so talented i hope she follows me :)
Some people need 12step twitter help... 30 tweets a minute is crazy
Thinking it'd be nice if I could find a "Twitter Barter System for Fiction Authors" Like reviews, real intros, bail me out, I'll bail out u.
Developing story nurse arrested at OHSU on child porn charges. We're updating information as it comes in
I'm in the U.S. but as soon as I graduate I want to move to AUS :)
Congrats to Suzan Santosus for becoming the first female champion of The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism's
getting expresso.. and enjoy the day.. be back with updates...
my boi friend is being a dick
get at me, got some more unreleased shit me and Reese did to help out the cause!
Happy B Day
I definitely second that!! :)
Got a link handy to twitter list of #99conf attendees and/or speakers?
haha I tried to get someone to work for me I just couldnt :((((
Been laying awake in bed since midnight, hoping the rain will help me sleep so tired :(
Fielder in DC tonight to sign contract...
A: 18 | answered first!:]
Brake system fluid changed, and good news on the life of my brake hardware. Hopefully the flush fixes the problem.
Trying it out, so far so good. TweetDeck was giving me some display and login issues.
hahaha bless ya! Should have come earlier
- my girlfriend is shopping there right now.
whoever you don't start will have a great game. Go with the better offense.
Round the (academic) world in 10 jobs: In this top 10, we wring the mileage out of a travel analogy and celebrat..
im really not looking forward to this race tomorrow
Broken pencils are pointless.
Thanks for following me too :D x
sorry! We actually went to the basketball game since they bumped those games to the practice fields
mke the damn tweet :)
good night Twittie Birds!
literally just beat off in my bathroom
that sounds cool
when will you be there!!
Looks like this guy I caught in the rain with no umbrella Ella Ella
I think I might isolate myself from everyone for a little bit. I'm tired of constantly getting shit on.
Today is a new day, life decisions to be made. Tho it may offend some, the choice is yours, and ultimately u decide whether ppl or situa ...
eating indian vadei at almost midnight.. jeez. i wonder why im getting fatter everyday. Singapore just has too much good food.
Happy birthday to the cheese stick swag master
Okay, if one begged and begged for something they want, would you give it to them ? Or it just doesn't matter...
In Norway new parents get 12 months off with 80% pay. But they have an extremely high cost of living.
McNabb needs to stick to his gig at He is rather funny on there.
Thanks for favoriting my Tweet
From birthday girl Sylvia Angel: Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. ~Mother Teresa
Half way through Phillip Pullman's The Amber Spyglass....loving every second of it! --Elena
I can't wait to spend the entire weekend with my girls &
Everybody kicked back at home
check your email
Well, iPad plus drop-box is sweet. But the new one will be better than the current version if you can hold out till spring.
Cudahy?-RT : Friday trivia: what country has the highest per capita beer consumption?
Because I mistakenly hit RT instead of Reply. :-)
magic & progressive spirit, from the taste of it. Mixologist says vodka, peach-rose tea syrup, HUM botanicals, bitters
Merry Christmas!!!! Order a poetry plaque by Monday and it'll be there for Christmas morning. Call, text, email or message me.
no don't delete. Think of all the robots you will put out of work!
Hope you're having fun, Pong!
Getting n at X-Sport Fitness
With CS6, Adobe tidies up Premiere Pro, speeds up After Effects
Why wait until Monday to love ur job? CAbi is so wonderfully flexible u can love ur job anytime.
I think they switched Call Of Duty with not Call Of Duty,
Anyone with ideas on places to see and/or dine at in Albany, NY and Lenox, MA? Appreciate any suggestions!
I usually don't. I just like her.
Just left my agency's #CFC Kickoff. The groups I already give my time will also get my $$. How about you?
Watching Hulk with Viggle Wed | 6:35 | Starz Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Welcome to the dustbowl TX state.
Don't forget to vote against Aaron Rodgers in the Madden cover contest.
this hour is most powerful. this a powerful hour.
I HATE Wen Niggas / Females Say Dnt Give Head Or Eat Da Box Lol I beg To Differ , I mean STFU its A Prt of Good Sex Jus DNT Do Everybdy Lbs
Went to bed late last night overly excited about a new business card design to the point where I could not sleep well. designing rocks.
you know it(;
I want food...
Some people are full of themselves
<3 started "the faith" last night. Started flagging quotes, but no dog ears, promise!
I hate these twats that quote Ghandi and shit on their Tweets/Myspace/Facebook etc.. GET OVER YOURSELF!!! FUCK YOU!
Can't... leave... my TV... These games drive me nuts.
Rick Santorium is now asking for donations to end his campaign debts. Just say no hand outs allowed.
My children's teachers have been mispronouncing his ethnic name and repeatedly spelling it wrong despite correction. How livid should I be?
Either Carbon wants to cuddle because he knows I'm sad, or because I have a heated blanket.
lol I know I was joking
dude let it go .
New temp employee (speaks spanish/knows housing counseling) 2 housing counseling volunteers, 2 office volunteers! We are ready August 15th!
hey your nba pregame show is better w/o stu. Itll improve massively if you replace a certain hall of famer w/ CWebb
where are you all playing?
sweet, I hope everyone else thought so too!!
Beyonce is our generations Tina Turner Believe dat!!
Tea, a pen, and a blank notebook. time to put in some work on new lyrical material
relaxing and staying out of the sun, 104 out there today, yikes
I Miss You But If I Gave You Another Chance Im Afraid You Will Hurt Me Again! </3 :,(
Promoters Just Follow Me, Ima Give you Some Swag! Cause I Got the Belt!!!!
i need that notebook ^.^
morning to you and yours. I'm SO ready for
its big rite now cuz soo BIG!!!!!
your suits are awesome...wish I was in Cali to shoot them for you.
Hi WH Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
they aren't just "workers". You could more easily replace the owners than the players without affecting the product.
MSM reporting lies...figures. They are tools of the government and corporstions
3 of the most famous yoga exercises for weight loss
Today!!! Brass Monkey #Milwaukee goes Honkey Tonkin!! Live Country Music by Willow Creek Band!! The Twang starts at 1pm!!!
what do u want?
He/she should be the 1person in ur life u never have to lie to. No matter how fucked up the truth makes u seem
huge things I think!
Glad it went well RT : Great session tonight with Mike Mac and everyone. Shoulda got they twitter joints...thx
just realized I sent a tweet to the wrong
You got it, Justin! Everything I said was very true! :)
Thanks, guys!
omg, you have a more expensive camera than me, it doesnt mean it makes you any better than me.
30 followers :) Gahh i know its not much but i thank them for following me!(:
Just burnt my wrist :\
"There is nothing less original than attacking popular culture." Wiser words have never been spoken.
Thanks for the follow, Terri! We're practically neighbors!
I haven't had any drama in my life since I cut you out of it
Tired, sore, just wanted to stay in bed....but...off to the gym. Days like today make the difference! Make it great!
The awkward moment when someome asks you what's wrong and they are the problem
the world is ours, if we want it we can take it, if you just take my hand<3
awesome! used to play open mic at the union in madison with Mike - you guys are gonna kill it! too bad we're not in ia. now
Les Enluminures will be at the NY Antiquarian Book Fair: Park Av. Armory b/w 66th & 67th Str. This Fri and Sat noon to 8 pm/Sun. until 5 pm
When will you be performing in the NYC area.
LMFAAO ! word now they gon eat people ! RUN!
Haha I actually picked Canada.(:
Overheard two old men arguing about motorcycles, scooters, & bicycles. Seems they shouldnt have road rights. Especially scooters & bikes. :(
Has Justin finally followed you yet?
m can't wait!
I'm not a Who-maniac by any means, but it is awesomely entertaining. Also, I swoon over Matt Smith (Doc) so that helps.
Pats lost...i'm extremely disappointed .
"I know ALL about cloning. I AM a clone" -- me, today
This documentary on black holes just blew my mind. Black holes could be the other side of a Big Bang/another universe?!
"Isn't it fun getting older?" is really a terrible fallacy. That's like saying I prefer driving an old car with a flat tire. - Kate Hepburn
So what records will you be looking for at PVC #2?
Screw margaritas--all I'll be thinking about on Cinco de Mayo is NYC has everything...except the best beer ever.
Word on road is that the click about to blow. -Drake
are flying in from San Francisco and searching for a gig in Dublin on Friday May 4th, anyone know a decent place?
so we can try and cheat on the replays now?
Senator Durbin Producer Fest The friend of the Illinois farmer! woo hoo!
i had a monster today and it was green.. it reminded me of the
Japan Airlines plans to relist its shares on the Tokyo Stock Exchange as the next step in its recovery from bankruptcy.
Oscar nominations. Bleh.
Music does make everything better. If you love christian music, you should check us out!
Did you remember to fall back this weekend? We have new fall/winter hours! Beginning today, we will close at 7 p.m. on weekdays.
Will they miss me
Canon U.S.A. Announces Expanded Laser Printer Lineup with Two New imageRUNNER LBP Models
Dear student: I choose to believe that you simply don't realize how racist you sound. The alternative is too painful.
Make sure you hit up our Facebook Page www.facebook.com/christmaseverydayclothing
Thanks and for a great presentation!
The all star race is going to be awesome and GO JR. Hwating!!!!
Im constantly reminded why I hate the Chinatown metro station. How is it possible there are no station operators working?
I like how some of the pianists have given the bass a solo. It shows how they comp. Some are better at it than others.
Or, Instantly connect important everywhere.
What's really good?? I guess we all gon get used from time to time.... Or at least they try to. Ladies, use them before they do u.
"Is calling a girl 'shorty' still cool?" --New Girl
why is 1D moving to the U.S? ugh they're so annoying.
I'm so happy you're coming home <3
Density of liquor stores in a neighborhood is linked to increased violent crime. We've got 8.1 liquor stores per 10,000 residents.
I WILL NEVER STOP BEING A ZSWAGGER!!!!!
Oh shit! You went to MSG?! it's big, huh? My dad actually owns 2 seats in that arena!
Wtf man precious always tripping,she ignoring me and sht
#thoughtcatalogpitches RT : My next essay is called "Enmity and the Internal Politics of #TeamFollowBack"
hmm, let's don't go down that road ... said she who hasn't posted since February!
