I hate when companies combine words in their advertising. YOURgage=Your Mortgage . #quickenloans Same goes for celebrity names!
Thanks for the RT!
I dropped out of highschool in the month of April ... Ahaha
Top countries on HAL: US, India, Brazil, Spain and South Africa!
your very welcome beautiful <3 i love you!
got a feeling tonight's gonna be a goodnight
don't make me sick the feverish ones on you... No one has ever had Tim Allen fever
this movies weird.its like the hunger games,but in a cabin,and like wuuut.omg.idek.
LADIES-->A girl knows her limits, but a wise girl knows she has none.
nu-metal so ya sure y not? Love those dudes too...can't wait for Pow wow!!! That night I'd gonna leave me with a sore neck
If no one followed me on , would the sun still come up?
That sad moment when your crush at school graduates DX
I should go back to school now *cough cough* *sniff* mom: oh wow you sound terrible, take another day off not very motivating lol
Worst flight attendants ever. No please or thank you's, just demands. #airtran needs to reevaluate their personnel.
I just may go golfing after work. Even if its cold. Its been to long.
hey! Can u follow my freind ? Shes really cool
IAP/DLC would be HUGE in terms of making #XBLIG better for profitable dev. Awesome games would get more money.
is Mario staying the night in buffalo?
KEEP UR HEAD UP works about as well as KEEP BOTH HANDS ON THE STEERING WHEEL to a 9 year old middle linebacker. Not enough info
SOMEBODY SHOUT ME OUT.... BOREDOM
For the record, I would love ANY Asian-American NBA player. I was crushed when Yao retired. This Lin action rejuvenated my love for the NBA.
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
Remembered I decided to go online shopping last night at 1am when I got a shipment notification just now
Pissed! I hate when someone try to make me feel bad for something I cant do.
girls never let a guy come between u and your besties and 4 some advice dont go out with stevan belliveau and if are friends with him u got
Is like a twitter ghost
haha yeah those two don't go together
Hangout with me. ;)
How to describe this article and the project that inspired it? Gurtlush!
Jerome Chou: NYC Garment District still exists b/c super close proximity = apparel is made faster, cheaper than overseas.
Clearly I cared but keeping my feelings to myself .
Sally Mae how I wanta visit your house and pay you this loan money personally lol
Feel like I just got hit with a ton of bricks.
Happy Birthday Michael Jordan. Thank you for everything. It made my childhood watching you play!
of course there's only 1 The world couldnt handle 2. That'd be awesomeness overload. :D
Today I am "working" from home. Yippee!
Accidentally bought a Mad Magazine. Don't ask how that happened. It's kind of funny.
She knew I was on Angel’s side. It was a bond we continued to hold in common,
Putting in a bid for a home gym. I hope it Works Out!
what's going on?
It's never long enough!
It's gonna be really hot today.
wow congrats!!
heard you went home sick. feel better bro
Got the speakers thumping
Give love...& listen to the children! RT: What a child doesn’t receive he can seldom later give.~P.D.James
awkward just did..
Gotta have it
If doesn't have butter cream icing, it's not considered good cake, in my most humble opinion...
Obvious travel there. They called it!!!!
omfg I know I was screaming at the damn tv! And last year the worst team in the super bowl beat them! Sea hawks? Really?
TIX HAS BEEN SOLD! Thanx for the inquiries! #ILLSTATEOFMIND. LET'S GET TURNT!
hay trey I don't think gettin smart is a wise decision. You saw what it got u earlier today
#tacos are delicious(:.
If you're a reader of Style magazine, check out my article in the March issue.
This girl randomly saying "oh I get it!" like somebody cares.
On my way to G. Gotta take this AP test.
If you find yourself thinking, "where can I find a bounce house for my kids," on Saturday between 5 and 8, come to Holland Park in
This girl has a cameltoe in her picture on facebok Think i'm gonna keep this one to myself
I am 13 and I even know right from wrong. But college students?! They are supposed to be focused on their education not sex.
Thanks for the follow!
1824 Viewers currently watching the live stream while Jay Sean performs.
The patio is open! Come join us for lunch and vino until 3 pm...today and tomorrow!
Will Tilly be the next Nikki Finke for the publishing industry? Follow for breaking entertainment news.
I thought you were leaving today obviously I would love to spend another night with you
Damn fam just gon blast me huh...i gotcha when i get hm u alreddi kno & gud lookin out fa da #Queen!!!
Off today and tomorrow! A much needed break
Applicant's attorney doesn't seem to know much
Did I really turn down going out tonight ?
I'm brushing my hair & painting my nails today.
I left my headphones at home. Great. Now I have to talk to people.
Never say what you dare to say....
Let's go stevie
Real. Mature. is a real comedian.
TOO DAMN HIGH! Just like myself. Muahahaha!
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile going out with her on the weekend..
Don't overthink-sometimes best to do things quickly before you think too much & make it harder. -Marilee Mostov on prototyping
Ford profit skids on dip in Europe
solid choice! does love the peanut butter M&M's!
noticed my equalizer settings on iTunes was set to flat... -.-;; changed it too my prefered settings and it's like listening to new music!
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Crest Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
= always full I swear she should b FAT AS FUCK
Okay I really dont care if the lakers win this game (so we have mwp for okc) but this officiating is atrocious
DID PIERCE JUST RUN IN TRANSITION AND BLOCK SOMEONE?!!!!!!
"The words of the LORD are pure words: as silver tried in a furnace of earth, purified seven times."~Psalm 12:6
Already seeing panic over sex trafficking & the superbowl. Who's got articles on that? There's better info out there. Let's spread it!
oh hey WAZZUP?!
Thanks for following
the more keys to type the better, keep on typing, who needs to swim anymore not mee. lmao how do i have friends
I'm so ghetto at graduations lol!!! I love it!!!! Legoooooo!!!
Huzzah!! Bag checked in to hotel at 1am. Reunited, and it feels so good!
yeah same here. do u have a bf??
i like yolyvo better because you only lose your virginity once and thats true shitz
I miss being tan.
do u want the clean radio edit/dirty version/instrumental/acapella
Tha Baristaz mix tape goes dumb
FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE LADIES FREE TILL 11 $5ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY D & KITCHEN OPEN
people-discovery (hope it counts as one word lol)
RT : Tuesday's Lunch Special ~ The Ultimate Ham & Cheese and Soup of the Day is Tomato Vegetable
a loss by mcfc and then a late mufc collapse may kill me.
We're on in an hour! Tune into to Drive Time Live on at 4pm for a preview of our last concert of the season.
it was
Happy pi day
Not even close to Miley...she's for Obama, haha.
High praise to the rigorous retweeting going on over there. Particularly about events in the city.
stats show its same answer, OkSt//“: Do u want 2 best teams to play or do you want the conference champs to play for title?”
Good Luck Chris ...
Teaching starts @ Lehigh University 2morrow. The New School 4 Jazz & Contemporary Music on Wed. Music Business & improvisation ensemble.
Atlanta Ga North Ga Concrete Stamping Pool Decks - Patios - Driveways - Take a look www.concretegeorgia.com Ask About Twitter Special
Current status: screen and (max-device-width:960px) and (orientation:landscape){...}
Fashion condemns us to many follies; the greatest is to make oneself its slave. - Napoleon Bonaparte
Today's Message: "When You Must Be Odd For God" (Jeremiah 13 and 19)
Grind time is prime time! #SayYes to results
Boyfriend needs to hurry home.
RT NYPD has sidewalk checkpoints requiring ID to pass down Broadway. Iranian-born co-worker said "they used to do that in Tehran."
have not been on twitter in a while, days months had been busy to me
Rest In Peace, Amy Winehouse.
Boring ass night
good morning (: !x
wait what? no honey, we did that last year, facebook timeline displays outdated stuff.
So my baby girl got a perfect report card...PERFECT!!! I must be doing something right
Mlrt please do cause im over here crying for no dam reason lol
Obstacles cannot crush me. Every obstacle yields to stern resolve. He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind. - Leonardo da Vinci
RT : RT : Self-realization is effortless. What you are trying to find is what you already are. Ramesh Balsekar
its a real treat being part of this culture of ours and a real pleasure rockin w you guys tonight at this town
wherever i go she goooooeees
#VINNYCASTRONOVOMEETRICH! <3 HES A HUGE FAN & HE HAS CANCER :'(
ya I was sharing my noobyness with the world. Geez
I, personally, love Weiner's Circle cheese. It's nice & tart & I like the consistency. What do u think?
When are you gonna call out these Philly chumps for using your song during their games?
Did you get my DM? Let me know which session you'd like tickets for and what name to leave them under at will-call!
I'm kind of addicted to Wordfoto. It's a problem
Did you ever read the articles and interviews about the women who claims she was Glenn's lover?
They introduce them to you, very proud...it's cool...
1st day of the week feeling 100%. It's a good thing I'm only in the office for half the day. :-)
GO RED!!
Thanks for stopping by. Flash your permit in-store and receive 10% off all tennis gear this season!
That double eagle at 2 was incredible and a major victory for
Riding slow bumpin that $ #le$ismore
Last chance to get your tickets for our cd release show!!! Hit us up!
you should be able to install XCode from your Mac OS install DVD without registering
Hog farm, turkey farm, horse farm, puppy mill... when is a story gonna take me to the spa or the theater?
Same here :) RT ": Talking to and last night makes me wanna go to school today. :)"
Hatch My Fall, If I Should Stumble
by missing sunday of lollapalooza im not going to see flo and the machine or kaskade and im pretty upset about it
I love that song!
Do you have two twitter acounts or is my interwebs glitching out?
RT : Ironic that Twitter's mission statement is 183 characters long. You'd think they would go for 140 just to make a point.
I'm ready for the weekend.....ARE YOU?!?! =D
Israel Radio reported that all Israeli passenger planes will be equipped with a system that can divert rockets launched at them.
Nice. Just got a copy of The Interrupters, the new movie from Steve James, the guy who made Hoop Dreams. It opens in SD on 11/11.
Check us out over on Facebook, or our website if you want to see what we are doing, getting closer to launching the demo, wish us luck.
Mondays are always happier when you're
Just booked my flight to New York!
Menchies!!! It really is the little things.
BASEBALL SEASON RIGHT AROUND DAS CORNER!!
Happy New Year! Do the world a favor in 2011, buy a Love Crunch bar to alleviate world hunger!
smh im with ya
We ask our twitter followers: What is the best gift you ever received for Christmas?
Call me maybe sounds like a Disney song, ew.
Pretty sure I have changed someones perspective on something today
If you turn down your thermostat just one degree you can save 50 dollars a year.
Keep checking in on Foursquare and and I will make it sooner than you think.
GOO FOLLOW ! I will give you a shoutouttt.
I love how ijever hates everyone who's more popular than him. Oh, and how he treats girls, what a lovley little douche bag.
Haha. It does, doesn't it?
I'm DONE with all the stupid and pointless drama.
National Alliance Meeting begins and the comments are on the great opportunity to meet withPCAA Chapters.
“: But i did see a shirt. It read "I Hv a body of a god (too bad its of Buddha)"” sounds like last Conquest
urrmm looks like a very interesting conversation you got there ❤😉
God Bless him he's a cutie pie!
dude! I'm getting the one with the spikes on the back!!!!
changed my profile picture to me and brando<3
Why do people leave the world so fast?
"The ClueTrain Manifesto" - my review of a classic … bit.ly/j7FRjy … plus info on how you can get it for free!
Drop me a note on EOL and we'll talk.
If I hear any one of Adele's overplayed songs again so help me God!!!! O_o
Thank you, , for solving my forgot-to-get-something-for-mom problem.
Thanks for following We should all be adorned with these funky butt designs
A project that's been on my to do list for 1.5 years is finally done. I thought it'd never happen! Now, vacation time!
Please believe he don't love that hoe
“: Hey Manny Pacquiao called for death to all gay people. Drop him and #MakeItCount”
Light Everlasting is TONIGHT at the Schlesinger Center in Alexandria at 8 PM. Tickets will be available at the door. See you there!
OMG where is my pants? ;) Is cold here!
If you could be a dog, what kind of dog would you be?
LMAO. man i have whiplash. did some major headbanging. ouch
Monday is gonna b CRAZY!!!
Bud Selig's group must be kicking itself in the proverbial tuchus for not retaining the Miller Park parking lots when it sold the
#Ragemode coming this May!!!
hahahahahahaha thts so cool ur so lucky!!! My parents hate him for no good reason! I think they r just jealous!!!
My 19mm tunnels need to hurry up and get here >:(
Don't we all.
Um no on the reusable TP.
I'm a tippity top model from Australia ☺
Aggies will go into the new season with a new conference and a new coach -- and same old suckiness. Good luck; you're gonna need it.
Hanging out as is my weekend ritual. Coming soon &
selling a Size 8.5 metallic blue rookie pennys for $100,...hit me if u want them
In three words I can sum up everything I have learned about life...It goes On--Robert Frost.
You're a Hobbit fan? Have you also read Runelords? They're filiming that a film too. Vote for actors
opening night is a little crazy... Sorry for the delay, it wont always be like that! Hope you had fun!
Yadier Molina received his Platinum Glove today fort the best defensive player in baseball. With his bat coming around, best catcher in MLB?
Jean Ann, do you watch the show 'Bones'? Took me a while to warm up to it but I love it now. Ryan O'Neal is on it.
DJ GROOVES going in right now with the 9 O'Clock Hit Mix! Turn us up and enjoy :)
Whos ready for tonight & what songs would you like to hear
"MSL: the monster truck of Mars" Doug McCuistion
This Big East title game is painful to watch
lol oh ... Thats weak if it come after maury...
that's a lie. Lived on a cashew farm.
Shah Jee's it is!
thanks for the follow :)
kick ass boots
nigga u wanna talk about my moms? But last time I said anything about ya moms u flashed out. U not real
Tell Her I Said Wassup Sistaaa (x
I think I could totally live with a plural marriage if we found another wife who likes to clean, go to work, & not have sex with my husband.
Rainy days and Monday's always get us in the mood for a Vacation!
Happy Anniv! Many many many more....
WTOC was a lot of fun; I miss it too. Who's been working here at RHT that you know?
Want to help families in pain? Go to Therattainment.com.
- Nice! What really got you into it? Enter any competitions?
#reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend Now that is a sickening trending topic.
finnah get this job at taco bell ( :
THE PICKLE is set to resume shooting this weekend, Saturday and Sunday. Wish us luck!
,Brees,Rodgers,Peyton,Brady,Eli,Ben,Vick,Stafford,Newton.Rivers,Cutler,Ryan,So yea i ll take all those guys before Romo
The truth? You can't handle the truth!!! Smh!
some people are just strange.
good morning! time to swim!
Quick once over of Seattle's strongest 'hood news sites reveals 1 election campaign ad. But that's 1 more than I see on Times+PI+TV sites
Good flick RT : Hubby has just switched channel to a movie called Diggstown. It's chilly in the house right now.
The Christmas card is awesome, isn't it? They did a great job with it.
One of 2011 best praise songs is to me is Brian Cortany Wilson.Watch and we wait and we anticipate.
it is daddy.... I love you and am praying for you
shooting videos..
Kinda late...but fuck it. We dont sleep anyway
Wouldn't that just make me sizzle? :-)
YEAH BUT YOU DON'T HAVE BRACES!
AMEN!!...Bless up mi bredda.
Was just on hold and forced to listen to a techno remix of "Living on a Prayer." So wrong.
Just hanging out at home with my lil love watchin his new DVDs! It's the cutest thing.
( & ) Thanks to all our new followers this week! We're so thrilled to connect with you all!!
idk..i want to
Mya Hatchette the Orlando Lawyer for Old Republic Title Insurance Company is Autism bullying me - Pensacola is half-way to Texas
Finishing up the odds and ends on this tv show raven...27 hours in..... next song
Thanks for the RT!
oh totally. I think House and Witchfinder General were his most villainous roles. Also Mask of Red Death. Can't forget that.
Turn on NBC 6 right now to get your day started! See you at 5:30 am with the last piece of evidence in a high profile murder case
Throwing back a from yesterday. Evidence of being a recent grad and working in the creative world.
One Direction meet LMFAO: "You don't know you're beautiful!" -"Actually, I'm sexy and I know it..."
where in the hell have u been. It was announced a couple of weeks ago.
headed to Morton's with tonight, m. steak
that's what I thought
Missedd them. Now everythings...almost ok again.
U NEED TO STOP..GOXGO
great article and show.
Road Quote of the Day: "The wise man travels to discover himself." - James Russell Lowell
no the correct answer is "WE ARE ACTUALLY ENGAGED TO MINISTER AT THE NEW DUMENSION DISTRICT MUSICAL" that's the right answer
Thanks for sharing this!
Fox 9 Investigators dug up important details about So. Mpls. gas line fire. Watch Fox
there may be a deep, philosophical, meaning as to now having action partrol as the first band in my itunes list. above against me.
Prep work for Biggest Fan
I think should have a bigger street team.I for one want to pass out flyers,post up posters and give stickers in my college
In the realm of ideas everything depends on enthusiasm. In the real world all rests on perseverance. – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Just saying a Quick hi, Really busy :p but wanna see how u doin :)!
hahah (: no tanks darling (:
alrighty have a good night guys :) chat soon
#BounceThatAss is trending now .i cant believe we made it!!! =D
Giving a personalized gift says, "I took the time to create something just for you!"
Keeping a pace that life demands.
Ready for Obama to be out of office. The decisions he makes are WRONG
I smile and laugh sometimes for no reason when I think about God. 😁😃😄😂
Thanks Alan for the plug.
I love the mussels but you can't go wrong.
Let's have a moment of silence for Earl...fuck silence!!
weeds at 1am!!
Why does #ediblearrangements use papyrus in their logo typeface?! It makes no sense! And it kind of makes me angry.
GM nagga have a great day
Do they make one? I've never seen one, but check the pro shop at Miller Park. They have a section just for us sausages!
Commit your work to the LORD, and your plans will be established. (Proverbs 16 : 3) Need I say more?
#nf can i get a follow back
Oh Snap I'm Harassing You On Twitter
RT the girls in the office are sporting a vibrant red lip. I have been telling you this for years!
Excited for the (Neatline) & (poster) folks headed to #dh2012 & to the going to #dhsi!
I have a video on my phone on Aurelien's goal, I'll post it soon.
You know it's a secret. Lol. I should be there on Friday!!!
“: I love the halibut tacos at Anthony's at SEA-TAC airport.”
thanks for hosting a great launch event last nite!
lol thanks thanks
The work never ends.
I need to lose some weight,,, anyone??? Any good advice about it?
I will certainly follow your feed. I've had no success finding a decent monogram shop. The mid-west could use more monograms!
... usin tap water with those little nose cleansing pots! dont use the tappy!
Thanks for mentioning us!!
Aloft (TEMPE) tonight come check out DIVA DJ's Featuring DJ DESIGN.... Hit me up for info @ (602)882-0317
I'm gonna buzz the nike swoosh in my hair you can't stop me
2 cerebral and neurotic 2 b yr manic pixie dream girl, dudes. SORRY. I feel like I'm always selling the wrong thing.
whatcu want boo boo?
mines is 2,670 I think ..
ayo Nicky, when you gonna let me keep you up til 6 in tha morning?
reading other peoples fights on twitter >
thanks for the RT today! Great stuff learned at our customer success event in
I just got a macbook pro 2weeks ago and love it. the switch from XP was much easier than I thought.
Check our #onechance apparel line and see what we are doing with apparel to change the future of the children in Kenya. brother apparel.com
u wanmt to get back wit mariah
Q3: Does your book address how can I run a profitable business with two small kids at home? My biggest challenge!
Congratulations #UConn. Great defense and great free throw shooting at 87.5% for the game.
Crazy that I am in Minneapolis at the same time as the American Association of Museum meetings and am missing them. Conference tsunami.
what happened to your steve buscemi eyes?
EXTRA CHEESE OFC
what ya mean?
welcome to twitter!
missed #ebksmt. guess I can make do with the archives
That feeling were you feel you've heard every song in the world / :
A girl on the street ~ the breath of memory ~ fills my heart
Bitch say whaa
You talk shit about someone to me and then all of the sudden your completely different in their face hmm? you must do the same to me.
T minus 31 days til the CCD calendar is released!! Better start saving up your $5 now! :-)
Nm either just im really cold >. <
why don't F&F look into who gets & who do not,, Get off the coutch &look it up, Mike
sorry wut does wuu2 x? mean :o
Huge save, that should do it
OH: I want someone to accidentally fall in love with me as a person
Do you, or anyone you know, take the water taxi to work?
guess what everyone is planning on doing next thursday
no thank you!
ive been having such a good week :)
me! well maybe i love rayray though! i just...idk man!
make sure u follow me ;)
I became strong when you set me free and I became even stronger when I let you go.
Nice shot! Mind if we share it on our Facebook page?
it's not put until Tuesday. Lol someone's illegal. ;)
RT : Pittsburgh needs a NBA. Rich niggaz let's make this happen!!!!
Don't dream your life away. Live your dreams.
23,000 every home game and UK sells out their opponents arena when UK goes on the road! Big Time Basketball!! 7 National Titles
": Seriously. Can anything be artisanal???" ONLY... If its
you should try #spreecast. it is the combo of G+ and Cover it Live. DM for me for a private demo.
Know of pets being mistreated? The American Humane Association reports that animals are abused in 88% of homes where child abuse is present.
they just burn their own city now and again. No biggie
i will kiss you soft so you know, it is love from the first time i pressed my lips against yours. thinkin' oh, is it love? <3
Houston to JFK to Syracuse to Alexandria Bay. My little Texan will be in northern New York by day's end.
“: J.Cole my favorite rapper”
Starting off the weekend with some mid-day drinking with
Imma die alone. I came into the world the same way doe
Pray tell.
The mouth is the door of evil. - Japanese Proverb
You can do better than that
I hope trade down for more picks
#welcometostatenisland where everyone hangs out at the only mall around
decent ideas behind the protest but terribly unmotivational speakers. Entertain me.
AR ? of the day: "how does AR keep up-to-date w/ city layer data if, for instance, a bldg gets bombed or implodes?"
#3WordsOfAdvice Knowledge is Power
Trying out newest collaboration with Greenbush Brewery at City Provisions! Yum
Hey Derrick would love to be on the #microconf list! Thanks for creating this.
This is life and pain is a simple compromise
You totes said that! It is starting to get a little creepy.
hello! Thanks for following back!
My CivWar class is full of great students, but for a few moments I despaired for this generation. (even older students in their 40s!).
its like a WHOLE 'nother WORLD. And you're the Queen of it! :)
Thank you so much! You rock!!
Happy is hard. Sad is easy.
WI Republican State Senator Pam Galloway from Wausau officially resigned on Saturday ending GOP majority control in the Senate chamber.
Yep, plenty of omelets and benedicts plus bloody mary's and mimosas every day of the week. Have you had a chance to try?
Then if its not that sucks for you!
Trust in the LORD and do good; dwell in the land and cultivate faithfulness. - Psalm 37:3
same here. Dramadramadrama.
lol i always leave revision and homework til last minuit.
Bumming it today :) #comfy 👍
Or whoever... U got any Dough? U gonna be around town?
Pity the man who inherits a million and isn't a millionaire. Here's what would be pitiful, if your income grew and you didn't. -Jim Rohn
Rainy day yum: RT Filling our freezer with goodness to go! Take home our signature chili and chicken sausage meatballs!
Someone bring me Poquito Mas please.
thanks for the rock n roll
Manny Ramirez agrees to a one year deal with Oakland, worth about 500k if he is added to big league roster
And in another year you can be C-SLP!
love the Wi Fi on Alaska Airlines planes!
you are the cutest guy ever ;D #mahomieforlife♥
Congratulations to all the IMM Finishers! Thank you for choosing our race. We hope you will join us next year!
bahah I'm proud
Congrats on the launch, guys! The site looks incredible!
Okay, so tweetdeck is one way to post your status to both accounts at once.
Spinning LIVE (deep, funky, soul, afro-cuban house) on www.radio4by4.com and www.danceradio.ca .Tune in!DESTINATIONS w/ Kristian Caro
Started watching fansubs again, but I'm sort of having trouble finding stuff I want to watch.
I'm just glad the winner is not a female pop artist. Sound coding is rough.
OH MY GOD. I Just Remembered Something... D:
Just trust your heart
Nick Young another former Wizard balling for another team,yall still wanna tell me the Wizards aren't cursed
I am loving that "think tank" idea and putting slavery supporters on blast. In SC, that would rattle so many!
ok good. Cuz I wanna choke others ☝
Ok its #twittamentary still cool and wonderful at SXSW
I'm not gonna get home till late tomorrow ^_^
there absolutely will be.
Did you find a place? I'm looking too.
lml im bored
yeah, i thought so. hang on a sec.
I KNOW. jesus needs to use our slang because i don't know what he's saying.
juss got the new and i love it best mag ever
in school, bored as hell, how's everyone? xx
awesome to see you and have you try - we loved the feedback, truly enjoyed the company! cc
Looking for student or freelance videographer's, willing to work for trade, interviewing Ambush artist and
I gotta take a shit
Received our first box today!
My dad is so funny! Has me crying.
can you not. :c
RT : Haha, you wish! I eat racist hate-mail Wheaties for breakfast, Son.
of course I know that lol but you shole know what to say!!!(without the quotes)
SO MANY BOYS WITH AUSTRALIAN ACCENTS JUST CRUISED MY PORCH. I AIN'T EVEN MAD.
": One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor."
#6: Dispensing alcohol without a permit (selling beer), FINE: $681
The #Honda CR-Z has amazing gas mileage when you use its awesome "econ" mode..saving #money and saving the #environment = great combo
Thanks for following, we love your work!
Oh man...she turned in her badge. Bye Olivia :(
Thanks for the RT, Lucia:)
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 55
oh well check em" again. I told you SOEMTHING!
A you-know-what is going through seven innings at Camden Yards. Get 'em Hammel!
Thank you!
#cosign RT : Happy Mother's Day xoxo to you & your mommy!!
Sometimes I can't enough of The Velvet Teen.
i will but if u follow me plzz.:-)
Are you suggesting you'd have no problem with the first 14 miles?
lol I probably won't!
#MOSDOHevent preparations are underway.
Nosey ass people kills me!
DENALI JOANNA JAMES KNOCK IT OFF BEFORE I COME OUT THERE.
Thanks for your trust & support. You rock. RT : You are awesome ! Thank you for the laughs & sharing your coins!
Yes I forgot all my makeup at home and realized it an hour before show time. Thx CVS
that song means a lot to us so we are glad you dig it!!!!!
Have to love the Madness of March
Support us, mention us.
If you let me, here's what I'll do; I'll take care of you
Finally got a twitter account...now I can communicate with birds through tweets, awsome.
you're so beautiful i want to marry you !
Pastor you do care!
Do you think Bobby Knight is saying "penetration" so much on purpose?
I know my bothers messed up ALOT and we barley talk&we practically hate each other but we would take a bullet for each other.
Birthday martini. And then DWTS.
I just got 's pic. Do u want me 2 forward it 2 u for a new fb profile pic?
I am too a huge fan of the Saranac brew. Love the Big Moose Ale.
a high five might be in order!!
listen to the morning :)
Omfg this freken ghost adventures show is going to make me shit my pants
nope. my sister was working on those I think.
"Honeymoon on the dancefloor"
You're welcome, I still have to finish watching it. Maybe after Game of Thrones
Ocean acidification linked to larval oyster failure
just announced I'm in 2nd = work biggest loser contest. first place guy drops weight like a wrestler. I have 10 more days to kick it gear!
Not just yet! We'll let you know when we are. Thanks for checking in!
walk in the freeway
yes, I'll make sure that's clearer. Despite the different param name, the list timeline should still be treated like other timelines
Thanks, Dan. I will use that line next time I get called out for looking at a woman's ass.
Delish! New OYO Cocktails! Creamsicle cocktail w OYO Honey Vanilla Bean; Stone Dude w OYO Stone Fruit // and many more!
it was like a badass novella every Tuesday ! I wish it come back.😔
I can't, I have improv...
cant wait!
It's not quite ready! But I'll let you know when we get closer :)
Girl u must luhh me..
. AC/DC music should be written into our constitution as a God-Given right!!
that's totally me!! haha ❤
#DearTaylorSwift you're beautiful!!
People choose not to believe in God and His word cause they think it's irrational. The way I see it choosing death over life is irrational.
is looking for someone and i have a crush on him. i think it's a sign (;
I know! Heading out as early as possible!
Nope, but .. It's easy to prove you "know" facts in small talk; harder to prove you are critical thinker.
where are you? lol
Interesting article on the evolution of
Driving around the New Mexico desert....
came to coffee shop to avoid distractions of home - have re-discovered the distractions of facebook, twitter, assorted blogs & google reader
Heard Ang & Brad r engaged. Do u plan 2 make an appearance through the wedding dress? I'm guessing u'll b maid of honor
Thank you my friend. It's nice to see your happy pic back.
You're cute<3
I hate when I have the feeling that I'm missing something, but can't figure out what it is! >.<
I feel like we're better off as friends:/
When you're talking with someone, are you really listening? Or are you just readjusting your agenda?
I used to be that cool.. then I found out what sleep was
I wish I could play Zombies with you, but alas! My Xbox live expired and I'm too poor/lazy to pay for it :'(
bro wasup man!
Well geographically, the Rangers are the closest to the Astros out of anyone. So go Rangers!
Thanks for the follow! YA fantasy writer! rock on!
Rush Limbaugh is talking about those militant gays again.
Don't mind if I do! Good post for Earth Day
been at this resturant all day! Miss ya too
you should open one downtown called "The Hoppah"
forget them and boosie
Plus Chris doesnt tweet you like he did for ..
For that matter, archiving the ancient web seems important for you too ;) Unfortunately, getting LANL to pay ... unlikely.
I've been working a lot but from what I seen not too great.we are sunk without mariano
They'll only appreciate what you're giving them when you're gone.
Cheering for Jayson Werth's injury. Stay classy Philly
A broken heart is like a clogged salon drain...until its clear nothing is gettin through.....
Most challenging task as a curator yet: writing text panels for a young audience.
Showers & storms tapering off. Expecting a nice break before sct. storms roll back in after 3 PM. Temperatures rise into the 70s.
Somebody that I used to know is a good song!
how about "would you like to go somewhere and just sit?"
Lmao as if it wasn't obvious that the reason why you see ( . Y . ) in your profile picture is because you want attention. Lmao.
Just got home, thanks for an awesome night!
Tbh, I think Jelena broke up.
collected $61.18 for #UMW Relay for Life today :D CANT WAIT FOR RELAY.
You need to realize sex isn't love, money isn't fame && Twitter isn't reality.
love you so much
get pair of guie #fairtrade #handmade #shoes for only $65 bucks!! guie are flats to stand out!
I'm pulling for Louisville. Gives UK some separation from Cuse!
You too.
My pleasure!
That first chill you get that fucks up your perfectly smooth legs <
Went out with a friend, we walked for ages, What are your plans? <AB
he would never even notice me.
You were my ticket outta here And I was your dream come true
My 17 mo old champ eater will only eat frozen waffles.teething gets to the best of us. Thanks for tip a long time ago
don't die before Record Store Day!!!
how would you know?
these guys never give it rest, I'm impressed....
So nice of my wonderful brother to cook dinner for me and tonight. Sorry Leslie!
time to change the profile pic?
Because sometimes people dont know your hot until we tell them...
Ladies: u want to find a man of quality!? Dress the part! In a tiny little dress at the club....what did u think ud find???
Two months until THE LEGEND OF BILLIE JEAN...The Musical....Cavern Club April 20
“Every single person I know who is successful at what they do is successful because they love doing it.” Joe Penna
kids are never satisfied! Kid gets to drive the cool car to the prom; now she's upset that she can't stay out until 1 in the morning
News of the OSFM coming out on Sunday just made my day!
Are you kidding? I loved it! :)
So will The Shack henceforth always be located in same mall as The Hut, do you think?
DJ SQUARED IN THE HOUSE
haha you are very right! Thanks! ;)
it's
....imagine the marriott... welcome to helven?
"Our main business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what lies clearly at hand." - Sir William Osler
Disney movie marathon before the new year? Yes please.
I hate Justin Bieber, but i have to admit, i like his song boyfriend. haha
lol! U crazy man I can tell you a good ole guy! Bldg's are slow!
Don't lag
Happy Friday, everyone. Let's get ready for a long day of nothing.
They are playing phenomenally!
Hope you are feeling much better and snug in bed with a hot cup of tea!
just leave her alone... She doesn't deserve anything your saying about her. You always say ur gonna leave but u never do so-
Never let ur Guard Down
worried about my travel time with Wendell on Tues. How long is too long in carrier?
I just need my name my businesses name & a cupcake logo simple but attractive
Great Hoot in the Night event on Saturday night! Your team is amazing. Cheers to more summer camp for Milw kids!
ah me too!!! Sounds so fun! Stupid may term. Haha
You gotta dream like you never seen obstacles💤
Pussy is like MP3s: For every 1 who pays for it, there's thousands more getting it for free.
Lmao! Ole! *dances around sombrero*
U gotta get thru NJ cuz they R more old school than San Antonio & Boston up in here
#oii10 : the challenges of data opportunities from specific online sites - only looking at the better-offs.
Of course.
My days about to consist of Netflix and my snuggie.
It's a new week and the last week in October. Make it a great one.
Touchdown wooohoooo GO Steelers!!!
hot as fuck outside man.
Agree. Not what she used to be RT Ashley judd lookin busted!
you know I got you Frida :)
"the philosophy of technology continues to see Heidegger’s likes and dislikes as profound thought"
I hate having allergies...They always f#%king up...
please follow me and !!! U know our friend Alessandra and her family!! Please follow us!!!!:)
Matt♥FOLLOW ME! Please Mi AMor♥
Technology taken over bed
What a great afternoon on the patio. What are you doing still working?
Just got my and I have to say they get better with each delivery - I have YET to be disappointed!
I will during the Q&A section - Steve Anderson just gave a nice mention of and MediaCommons in general
yes i am
Not looking Forward to going to school tomorrow :/
Should be today. We'll tweet a link when it's ready.
Fist bumps for RTs, thx! Have a great TGIF!!
700th tweet. How we doing so far? You still following?
anyone else feel like rice coulda been tackled on that td?
so excited!!! its going to be a great day!!!
ToDay ToDay Time Get Get Up In Go Get Dis Money...........
dealing with poison oak on my little one. It keeps popping out in various places. On my way to store for benedryl- hope it helps!:((
that is how I spell improvised after a few whiskeys
Patience is key
Please join us in thanking Jamie for his time
Tailgate BASH set up; RB Kickoff Luncheon; Ducks Pep Rally at Santa Monica Pier, then a suite at 6:30 Blazers-Clips game
Now that's girl power that lasts! She has been celebrating her victory proudly for quite some time now. Go her.
Our pup had a nasty allergic reaction to something outside, he has awful allergies. He's much better now. Summer is officially here.
i love the hair cut, but i love the shirtless factor WAY more(;
Oh had so much fun with Paul! Can't wait for you guys to see the new video!!
so yall aren't going to attempt to address the issue in any manner?
I see Cherie Johnson has opened a restaurant in Houston. I may have to go check it out.
Did you indulge in a heavy meal for Easter dinner? Drinking Pu-er tea after is said to help clean the intestines & stomach, aiding digestion
Should change alarm clock to scary sounds. LEAPED out of bed at 4 a.m. today b/c I was SURE someone was chewing in the other room
Got facial skin pain... Need sunscreen with restorative aspect... Need city that sprays mist from treetops...
I hate when movies leave an open ending, I WANT RESOLUTION!
#Royals win their season-opening series 2 games to 1 against the #Angels. Off to #Oakland now.
Hahaha i'm so sorry, i just noticed this. But my bad, i got you addicted to twitter already c; #yourewelcome ;D
is the best boyfriend ever!!! I had so much fun on my birthday :) Ty baby <33
Driving to Newport with Excited for some whale watching and dinner at :)
Heading into Boston on July 4th? Look for our CRA van! We’ll be driving around with some fun, free giveaways! You won’t want to miss us!
I miss seeing the Boyz And You on Tv! U guys were fantastic don't u ever forget tht!! 😉
RT : Shout out to Tim, Julie, Tricia and Chef Michael #N9NE.. Best Steakhouse in Chicago..
RT L.T. called Seau "a good and loyal friend...notice the words I said: good and loyal."
My kitten just broke her back leg...
Did you miss the live tweet of the show? No worries! Just click #vatzlavtulsa and relive it for yourself!
Hey Patrick, any chance we can get a coach or player to do a phoner for Channel 27's Wake Up Wisconsin?
will yu be at sweet 16.?
My dad is rushing me home so I can see the voice. I'm right around the corner from my house!!!!!!
I don't think they teach those skills. High school students should probably take econ, sociology, and statistics?
Must be a slow news week. I've seen the same story about Sheryl Sandberg's work schedule everywhere...
I have to admit, your shooting mechanics are in order. And thank you on the compliment! Haha
#IfIWonTheMeggaMillions I'd give to the deserving & not let them know where it came from,progress my business further, & cont. 2 enjoy life.
Back to MKE for the
Everyone is beautiful. I wish people (especially girls) wouldn't pick themselves apart. You are a human. You are the only you. Love urself.
finished this morning. i'd give it 6.5/10. super quick read.
I picked BAYLOR to win it all...
Stunningly these attitudes are making a phenomenal resurgence. It's astonishing ... and scary. *Reboots ex-pat fund*
#educause10 Northwestern using Vidyo for desktop video conferencing that works with their legacy h.323 video conference systems
That awkward moment when you aren't sure if you should delete it or keep it as evidence.
#YouKnowItsABlowoutWhen The announcers are talking about the weather and how OKC got to OKC.
Bobby Knight finally realized that UK might actually win the tournament. If its gonna happen anyway, he should just lay back and enjoy it.
Hard work & dedication.
Just heard #Cursive quote Scarlett O'Hara; everything comes together!
ok you can be the man too..Lol
nice, never tried that one! I'm going food shopping today/tomorrow so I'll pick one of those up to try. Joined WW last nite
Hahaha, I miss the competition.
ALL NORTHSIDE BITCHES WHERE THE SAME HAIRSTYLE
As I said, your very lucky. lol
"I LOVE THE WEEKND. HE WAS IN NYLON MAG. I SO WANT MY BOYFRIEND TO DRESS LIKE HIM"
Hey how have you been? Haven't talked to you in a while. I have a new job now. I start on the 21st!
When it's all said and done...is there really anything to forgive?
a mi me encanta
not too much, just watching Family Guy Being lazy haha hby?
“: There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle.” love this
I heard the most ratchet song ever yesterday. lol
Thanks! And, I'm a little terrifying. RT : yup! Which means: great acting skills :-)
what white wine or rose would you bring to tonight ?
good morning :)
i follow back!! yay!
thx for the follow!
Need this essential mix immediately
SECRET SERVICE thinks GSA has better party settings& more booze.GSA thinks SECRET SERVICE has hotter chicks : )
Thanks for the #FF!
Going home :]]
failure, sigh
I think I just googled your name + moth
You a bad girl and your friends bad too, oh We got the swag sauce, she drippin' swagDEW
the ultimate home run trot RT : Would it be inappropriate to time the length of Obama's walk from the podium back to his office?
follow MIRANDA COSGROVE PLEASE
I would rather die then get ready and go through a b day.
FYI that was a first half bet
Downtown with for her audition with Break a leg!
SOCCER is still under FOOTBALL ... Football> Soccer
Prayers go out to the lonely lookin white dude who just got off the Light Rail at the Westport stop.
Stay safe, TN friends! As my mom told my brother, "Hold on tight!"
we have talked to him about football...either that or superhero. :)
I remember Twitter before all of the whack jobs joined. No, I'm not a "belieber" and will not follow you.
Thank you to all the support I get from each of you. I couldnt have made it this far without you all.
you're such a hottie, please follow me.
Did you see fast five??
RT *spend : My money come fast, so thas how I spit it. Trunk sounding like it got a marching band in it. I gotta go to work.
Anyone else watch Torchwood?
Hey guys! What do you think is the next generation of books?
Guacamole and stale jellybeans for lunch.
Pray for Storm Stephens and his family.
Ugh who you
Thats it for me tonight. Thank you all my new followers in building my twitter with from scratch. Wishing everyone out there a great night!!
I hanged out with B.o.B today at the press party for MTV and Express. super great time there. !!
Oh you don't like me? That's cool
": Who you'll going for La or OKC?"I know I'm late but lakers all day baby
"I literally just stalked a bunch of cats for 20 minutes," is something srsly said. See what does for Philly!
Yes! will be at the Murat on May 12!!! Treat 'Yo Self Hoosiers!!!
I want to learn to cook from you! Do you teach wild foods cooking classes?
all i want to do is curl up in my bed and stay there..hate what emotions can do to a person
Off 2 work, Gurr I hate working the late shift:(
AYYYYYEEE RT : Put your dick , where my mouth is :)
Your only limitations is your own ignorance.
Hey you said you needed 10 more :) I got you. Thanks for the follow back!
Congratulations to !! For getting Dance Captain!! IK you would do it! Love you girl!! :D #KillIt next year!
Rupert, an honest man?
ah so he's a quick shot!
Assuming the laws of attraction are true. What negative influences are you attracting today? What's your plan to stop that?
Great easter service at church and now time to drive to connersville
Hi! Can you re-order job history by preference instead of the default chronological?
Great news, and ! We love to see our students connecting with the community in such a positive way!
Do you want to make airport parking faster? Sign up for the Go-Fast Pass today!
Yeah that was me on some random dudes shoulders all night. And no never showed my tits im classy.
Larry's got the right idea
thanks to for remembering DY
I really need to drink more water daily. A lot more. Why is this so hard?
thank you :)
Time waits for no men
trying to make my life more complicated. Any suggestions for another website? Is Hulu any good?
My leggings all of a sudden grew legs and walked away -_-
RT : I torrented an entire tv season only to realize that it was on netflix streaming.
I'm sure I will.. But I don't want to come here and be depresive...
Kardashian Korner -- coming up on news on desperate housewives finale, GCB cancelled & more deets on shows on the chopping block
We have great mommas ! RT HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
Looking through the program for #hsjsea and sad that I missed She's great!
or that ex girlfriend that never goes away!
Thanks for the follow. I hope you'll check out my book at Amazon and let me know what you think.
only have twitter instagram & tumblr now.
you're not even following me haha
Don't know how I missed your request...but I'll make it up to ya!
TY for following. We're off to London to launch a new furniture collection with Nina Campbell. Look for details next week! RT
Why would you compare your last to your current?
If you are in Houston come to hear Anne Allison speak at 1:30 at Rice's Fondren library. 3rd floor. All welcome. 9-4 Asia conf today and Sat
Right now I'm on hold with JCPenney & is playing! I LOVE it!
shutup! He didn't But it didn't send anything to him on Sunday either! I sent him a message on facebook telling him though
of course he is. Who wouldn't be a fan. Especially when we do the best karaoke version of danger high voltage ever
Emails have been sent! Who's excited? :D
ok even I must agree with your statement.lol But definitely for a good cause!
upside of being in the office Sat. morning = phone doesn't ring, email inbox is silent. Docent training talk prep, here I come!
Help us to 1800 followers on Twitter! Have your friends join us Once we get to 2000 we will be giving away special prizes!
I am so utterly sad that I have now watched every episode of FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS. Puh-LEAZE make the rumored movie continuation....
I bet Le Madeleine make good King cakes!
So GM is relying on the Volt. The Volt will sell for $40k!! Gimme a prius for half, or better yet an SUV w/3yrs of gas, FREE!
That I did RT : pers did u graduate??!
Enough Photoshop tonight. I need a rest. San Francisco bay area photographer commercial Napa wine country wedding video
tan divina Nina
Our new FB page just got set up facebook.com/notomorrowartists we need friends! Well have a stop motion movie up tomorrow!
You LOVE tax increases Please reverse all the tax increases you have subjected MD to sales tax alcohol tax and soon gas tax
Keg Wars
Another rainy night...
never stop having faith in your team but always have to be realistic. my babies wont make it out this round :/ it is so sad
You need to wale up and text me already :/
Now I hear that the Indian commandos have killed 10 terrorists and have arrested 1 of them.. So what about the remaining? Terroriss stil ...
Me + My best friend = trouble
cool, I'll be the dork in the bright yellow vest
I want to sell you FIBC's. How do I make this happen?
they really were! :')
I can't work a nine to five and you don't seem to realize what's on my resume.
#SweatStock already?! This year is flying by!
this whole thing is "sketchy"
Wish I had friends in this study hall
I'm now missing Rick Santorum and James Dobson's stop in Columbia. Oh well.
tweet-up is on fire!
A vendor addresses me as "President" in its mailings. And I'm not about to stop them.
RT : Heard the Kinks' "Lola" playing at in GV just now. Of course, in my mind, that's now "Yoda" by
its 4:20pm about to light up my blunt
Yea, she said this Mountain View place is hours awayy from here haha.
Post your tough reference questions on
Fair point, not sure I agree.
how about laying off the auto message BS and pay some respect to Junior on ALL your platforms.
Seems to me Cantor is getting a bad rap for her coverage of Michelle Obama. Does she even say anything bad about the first lady?
After weekend yoga the destroyer
he's no good
Anyone have recs for books, articles, or sites about mentoring, for the prospective mentor?
Who's your favorite rapper?
Leadership - A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.
I can't wait till the day I can actually do things with Cicily. Won't be long though!
finally peace and quiet. oh god jersey shore spinoffs ah!
so glad you're enjoying The Fourth Stall. Isn't it so fun?
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO OHIO?!?!?! #OhioMahomies are DYING to meet you!! <3
The decisions that university bureaucracies make are both fascinating and frustrating.
shit gets RURL when you talk smack bout my artist =)
Brilliant RT : might as well tailgate for spring training!
#PLA12 precon - what's difference btw symptom and problem when you have disconnect between strategic plan and output measures?
sounds like fun! Can't wait to hear your new album and the songs you guys wrote :)
#fridaylistens - still listening to Deliver us from Evil by Baldacci - need more excuses to listen - getting close to the end!
Anyone ever tell you that you look alot like Lana Del Rey? I love her face...
Not sure what you are bringing for the Thanksgiving dinner? One of our party trays would be perfect! Order yours today!
& your not a trashy tramp..
6:30AM comes & goes...No sign of
you will not be disappointed!
great meeting you at the M! Enjoy your tour of Detroit! A truly special place on the road to economic recovery!
They are doing this [negotiation] behind closed doors. In their hubris or fear, is this to shield us from the truth?
A little Lawrence Welk to pregame the Flyers game.
Favorite Movie Line "Man,Give The Lil Ni**a His Ball Back" Some Dude in Boyz In Da Hood
#fuck this weather
#workout time
As a biz owner, if your customers had a bad experience. Wouldn't you want them to let you know first? So that you could fix the issue?
It's no problem. I figured you were busy but may get back to me soon. :-)
Nothing like a wine bar blasting "one big room, full of bad bitches"
checked out my first event today. I'm excited to start acting with them later this week.
Much simpler definitely! Then I could stop using RTM for my tasks and Springpad for my notes.
I cant wait for this week:)
I just saw you in the twitter stream! Look how similar our names are? Ha!
I just finished a 0.20 mi run with a pace of 27'12"/mi and a time of 05:42 with Nike+ GPS.
You're all I need <3
Nite all, have sweet non partisan dreams.......God bless America
now that would b a blast
Thanks Bran, you rock! RT #ff analytics & social media
Can Dallas go after Tebow to atleast perform an exorcism on Jerry Jones
Did You Know? - You can make Installment Agreement payments with a credit card or debit card at www.payUSAtax.com.
Bucket Hats
Laybach Music is coming...stay tuned.
You know life is good when you're still at work at 11:30pm on a Friday night.
Grace and Truth Ministries » John_15_041812
That's some #BOSS shit
Lol.Smiley Miley stick to the bubblegum rock!Ur performance of a Nirvana song waz horrid.Stick w/ur meal ticket.Ur parents ruined ya!So sad.
My mom is calling Mr Okes tomorrow...that means she's really ticked her off. She's never called any of my teachers before.
redbull and coca cola
No more drinks for you, stay sharp, Fae!!!
feeling very sad about maurice sendak. feeling sad and human.
Even in autobio, author & subject are never "the same." MT Ask Alex Haley RT How do u write someone else's autobiography?
that Hadley ever happens... Bit when it does its beautiful :-)
Happy Thanksgiving to our friends and family! Save some turkey and stuffing for us, we're coming over!
True... Hunger Games. Lord of the Flies. And, she does have 3 dogs to help...with something...I'm sure.
El Sobrante, CA- Need females for art shoot. Nudity involved. Pay is $100. (Casting Code A1)
Parkrose teachers taking a strike vote tomorrow. District will not change its position
Dogs and wine tonight yumm!
I need a fairytale!! Hello !
seems like a lot of random people I follow on twitter are there. Stone Cold still was the best, by far!
Can't wait to see #JohnnyDepp&#MichellePfeiffer in
Thanks to our multi-tasking warrior for a great day of filming! Can't wait for you to also be our RED guy!
And the next seven Christmases, too, I hope. At home with CNN, I still stood throughout the address.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand , Liars. RT If you hate liars.
haha I still got it ;D
I never admit or deny anything it makes me more interesting
okay tbh~ tattoos are pretty cool. I actually want one haha but I guess that's different. Sigh~ stop comparing us!
aite i got ya lady
ha! i won my fight against netflix...they finally reactivated my account!!!!!
At The Cheesecake Factory, trying to pick a cheesecake.
pretty cool
Feeling defeated.. Need some motivation. Cook books are on lockdown
B-fucking-s Toledo...
all steve joneses are utterly trustworthy and non-threatening always and if you dont believe me i'll have to beat you up
so true!
What film are you watching?
And all you get is a big fat fuck you. Not a thing more.
Have a great weekend, get out and enjoy the weather or stay inside and relax all day, which ever works best for you
beauty and the beast.
It's so frustrating to hint something to someone and have them completely over look it. Ugh...
Pesto. Geez, I know you too well lol.
Seriously? The movers just dumped the furniture in a heap so it tumbles out of the open door?!? Idiots!
#InTheMorningIMustHave those extra five minutes of sleep
Mingling w/ great people at Seau's join us! cc:
RT : ask anybody over 30 - if they tell you they have more than 10 friends, you know they're counting co-workers.
Someone at Time clearly goofed, and my joke aside, intended no disrespect. But to say people *exclude* SD from SoCal? C'mon!
cause there's one 3 times the size behind it. That should be good enough. (:
congratulations man! :D
Hehe wiggle wiggle wow
Now THAT'S an acceptance speech!
hi, interesting tweets, lets follow each other :)
fantastic! I will ignore it. :)
That's whack
#DidYouKnow that over 690 million lbs of turkey will be consumed this Thanksgiving? How many pounds for those in poverty?
just one more after tonight
RT Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power. - Lao Tzu
Alright Deandre!!!!!! Loved it!!!
hey! Thanks for following. Love what you all stand for! S/o to
WHENEVS YOU WANT. I kind of want to just go to the oaks mall to look! Could you do tonight possibly?!
thought u knew.
Push beyond the border of excellence- CROM
I am so freaking excited! What was your fav thing that u did when you were there? #NYC p.s. miss your face. We must catch up!
If running a mobile campaign, don't send them to a non-mobile-optimized pg + make sure lead gen forms are even shorter than online.
just found out I was in the same dance class as my dance teacher a few years ago #wtf!
Eating Friendly has gone public! Thanks to my friend, Shibley Burnett. Thank you, Shib!
happy Easter :)
I'm about to put my nephew to sleep with his bad ass
Informative read, just what I've been studying this year. Will be interesting to see any DSM-5 changes to diagnosis next May.
Jealous! Will u live tweet? MT Very excited awaiting & re curriculum mapping
It really is fun & easy. Great tip :-)
lol for real, it's on Sunday at like 10 in the morning i think
nice interview!!
Just sat in Vermes' chair at #livestrongsportingpark. I felt like whistling and yelling!
I've been back from DR for 2 weeks now and I'M STILL SICK. Looks like it will be another sleepless night...
Long day of travel. I should sleep but #SNL shot that down.
Another #lameclaimtofame was finding a University of Chicago astronomy journal volume with Carl Sagan's name on the check-out card.
"Im so sorry for what we put you through for 100 years. 20 years ago you guys wouldnt even be allowed in here" "20 years ago was 1992" baha
Had our first volunteer event at the Chicago Food Depository during night-we packed over 34,000# for the needy!
Hope everyone has a safe and enjoyable Labor Day weekend!!
i love that song! I sing to it on the radio. We could be singing it at the same time. Who knows? :P
oh really so you live in texas I didnt realize that where at?? You should come see us in september :))
Boring night as usual. What's everyone else doing?
People come and go, but I'm not going anywhere. I'm going to be here for YOU.
so am I. But, I'm baffled how that could have happened. All is good and I'm back in the fight.
I forget who shared this tidbit of info with me... Come clean as soon as possible. Lay your cards on the table. dmp
Chavez with a single!
thanks, this was great but alittle overwhelming at first.
Throw a lemon at her girl. Lol
Children begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them. --Oscar Wilde
I think it's time for me to learn how to keep the people I love.
for the record I did not get pegged!
Crazy Horse Twitter Terminator now self-aware. Can't be bothered with judgement day, watches HBO instead
#YoMommaSoFat she sweats butter and syrup and has a full time job at Denny's wiping pancakes across her forehead
Of course, I wouldn't miss it for all the Scotch Eggs in the world.
sorry baby ... let me start a convo!
Your first mention is coming from ME. c:
Questions about the team? Tweet them at us for our podcast with the hashtag #SSPodcast to get it answered.
Happy May 4th! Today is the greatest "holiday" in the film industry
Happy Friday! Have a great weekend!
Anger is an emotion so strong it has the power to overtake rationale.Express why you are angry NOT what is wrong with the persons character.
Which film should win best picture?
Living Mice = Lost track from The Cure's Disintegration album. :)
Thinking about
“: respect for the follow”Thanks! U too!
#thingsthatneedtochange saying God then saying a cuss word right after lol #reallydude (in my Kevin Hart voice)
New excuse; I'm reading my book. It works EVERY time. No joke.
link mi when u ready. :-)
Students (and instructors) have to learn how to learn digitally.
Tell me something
I was at a wedding. The 'ima' tweet was a song by zebra Katz.
We need help in 3 key areas: planning, organizing, and fundraising. DM me if you have any suggestions.
such a good mixtape
Is it weird that when I hear people freak out about seeing a shark at the beach my eyes light up and im way excited? #Poseidonlookatme!
If only I had a bb gun and some woods right now... or a pine tree haven. ha! so many forts
Well now that football is over, what else do I have to look forward to? Star Wars Episode 1 in 3-D? Really? 2012 sucks.
That's why there's Bath & Body Works! :-D ... sometimes i like to eat an orange just to make my hands smell good.
And like a fury she dashed upon the scene
PL in MA asks for free dig. for local HS, museum, and church."I view the library as the coordinator for our community's digitization"
I gotta wait for Sam to finish school so it wouldn't be until the end of June anyway. And yes PARTY!!!!!
ILLEGAL toilet set up- NO ShutOFF valve on it-so this happened.
Daum the rest i got is coins. -_- )X
I want some cookies.
Like every week like it's
just something else for the cry baby Cards to complain about...
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a artsy response to its innate limits and challenges.
'Please stop hunting my dreams'..
We will be publishing the talks in a week or two!
Drooling over the products on the store.
#ff big shout out to our boss (#mustfollow)
best of luck!
The worst thing about #sonsofanarchy is that it doesn't last all night, why does it have to end......WHY?
The movie, Battleship, looks boss!
SAT word of the day: unctuous (adj.) smooth or greasy in texture, appearance, manner
Okay awesome! I can probably do it either tomorrow or today!(:
Who else cant wait for website?! im super excited<3 Only if she would follow me now :/
signing off for the night, its #patriots time!
Sitting at work listening to Viking metal!!! How amazing is that need one more sale to match my commit
Stressed for a week about a project and the big wigs are too busy to go over it!
I'm sure the electricians working on installing more desks are happy I'm listening to JB and Taylor Swift.
Was that saying that 21% bought then pinned? Or pinned then bought?
Today I began the drywall process in the restroom I'm renovating.
I'll take, you know, Hoch.
Thank you for the follow. CONGRATS on your success!
Thanks for the tweet! :)
I'd be happy to say Happy Birthday on Twitter..! Send me his Twitter name.
Even betta, so easy n cheesy! lol
when u start
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"....
Anyways you should keep that up. That's awesome! Direction is great if it comes to business, school or anything.
My #FridayReads is when the killing's done by T.C. Boyle. Yep...I can see why this guy's kind of a big deal ;)
I watched dance around the house this a.m. like Maury just told her she wasn't the father of a baby. Her jury duty got called off.
if you say so lol
A Look at AboutOne&#39;s Online Family Organizer - One of the Top Products from the 2012 Consumer Electronics Show
food trucks in LA! We need more here in ABQ.
Came home to the barking and fussing of my two demon dogs. Those two can be a pain in the butt.........
Love is hard to get into, but harder to get out of.
Buying a home might not be the best option. Compare all costs between the two to determine which really is the better deal.
shout out to pepperdine! thank you, library staff, for a great training day.
yeah... Go to iheartradio.com and create your profile!
Ok and a couple of crown n h2o's and a giant jager shot...
Cool. Me too! Following lots of folks.. See you soon!
really good at turning that knob
We use potato rolls on the Bistro Burger.
Another day, another immigration queue.
Hans Rosling: I love this guy! If you haven't watched "The Joy of Stats", do it: www.gapminder.org/videos/the-joy-of-stats. An hour, but fun
If you're American and use the word Mum for Mom, you need to be kicked in the fuckin' head.
YES! “: We're excited about opening the new Centre Technologies office in Nola supporting our hard working IT departments"
#IfICouldHaveABabyWith1Follower it would have to be with Not only does she have a great personality, but she looks stunning.
Beautiful evening. Boh's and O's
yes sir
You are the man! Thanks dude!
we left
i'm in lab with you
Like how this turn is partly a recovery project. GF & I both worked in health, that the body is porous is no surprise
Will you be hiring summer interns? I am graduating in June and would love to work with you!
You guys sound like a pretty fun place, we are gonna have to pop it. Have a great weekend!
Well, here goes any chance of cleaning today.
In rehearsal listening to Autumn Hurlbert belt out some serious notes.
Who's on your side?
With my Sept 10 fight for the World #Boxing Union Champ , we're hosting a weekly contest for great prizes on my #facebook page
tease. Meanie:P
can i get a shoutout from ICONic boyz plz
In a meeting this morning in which a semi-colon was mentioned. Wanted to make a Cormac McCarthy joke and realized nobody would get it.
urban outfitters has the best tanks. And they are 10% off!
wth? Really? I'm doing what? Protecting my name? Blocked btw.
NICE!! Improve your strength and biking endurance through strength intervals. You'll be
Study study study
:O WOAH ITS NATIONAL STARWARS DAAAYY! may the fourth be with you!
Really wish I would have gotten tickets to the #BrewersSMIS event! Would have been a fun and informing experience.
Fish tacos sound amazing!
But there are times you need the courage to take a great leap;you cannot cross a chasm in two small jumps
No worries. Drinks are always good there.
its barely raining lol, artists have to stay in shape
you guys should do some video of you and making sweet sweet music for the new album! it'd be awesome
Austin Rowing Club is looking forward to serving the community in the new Waller Creek Boathouse!
I feel your pain!
Don't forget your GREEN today!!
Can't get enough Joel Anthony fadeaways in the playoffs
Summer hasn't even started, just imagine the weather then. :o
: please RT? Your tweets are great:)
Can't decide if I should get a kindle or not...#firstworldproblems I like reading and collecting regular books but the kindle is so compact!
however this 2nd half play out...this is going to be one really entertaining last 45...i am pumped!!
Feel like talkin on the phone.
ok I'll go check it out, and how did you get so many foloowers so quickly?
So, your finding is that CS majors write with spreadsheets frequently? That's interesting. . .
Pimping ain't dead Man you aint saying nothing !!
hell yeah i know ima see wat i can do. but if its over with, ima just fuck with a after prom or sumtn
344: The to-do list may be long, but I'm thankful for that good feeling I get when I can cross things off of it.
This is the first full week I've worked since before Thanksgiving, is it Friday yet??
Haha. Sooner or later I will be in the same boat.
emoji 2- free. So glad they finally got around to making an AIM style sunglass'd cool guy
If you think that some day it is going to occur, some day it perhaps will occur.
Why am I awake?
Never fails. I always end up living at a place where construction occurs nearby. This one started at 7am.
holy $*#% you're amazing ♥
Thanks again to John Ellis of Portland Internet Design () for an awesome presentation! We're all fired up about SEO and keywords.
How does one "study coffee at White pine"?
It’s hard to care about #TheVoice “Live” Shows when they air on the east coast first. The internet's not secret NBC!
RT : RT : The GOP forcing the religious right's views on the country in many ways reminds me of the Taliban.
Happy Mothers Day!
Lots of LONG flyballs out there tonight...that park may even be able to contain type power!
Right now I need a drink and a blunt this guy over here is making me upset
'I will' instead of 'I wish', 'I want', 'I need to', or 'I can't.' Ask God for help in every step.
Shout out to Marquis Daniels!! Fla Boy rocking the #USF Green&Gold Sneakers
any news,,,can you tell us WHY the delay/silence/lack of news, we would ALL be so grateful, many thanks.
Holy week kickin off, really excited for what God has over the next few days!
I don't like Kepner. She's annoying. I'm sure it will. We both watched the episode and it triggered the same reaction :-)
i missed the sounds of rain
The votes are in! I'm going to dye my hair red! Thank you for your feedback! :)
Apparently my version of not leaving the house is to randomly drive to Cimarron.
ah girl you're so cute <3 thank youu!
