So great seeing you! Def reminds us to appreciate those we love
you tagged the wrong Claudia but I just laughed so hard!! Omg!! Haha
If #MiamiHeat the Boss the East coast Fans think they are, Mr. James will pull up a 3 and Overtime we go???
Hope Olson shares: Theory is active. It is the way we interpret our world and
"First career walk off hit for Alex Presley" is the single dumbest thing I've heard today. That was anything but a walk-off.
American Fluorescent rebrands itself as AFX Lighting at #lfi2012 to better represent its range of energy-efficient options.
well That is sort of true :D
RIP: New York's Legendary Gil Noble Dies at 80 Long-Running "Like It Is" Chronicled Black Experience
The amount of times you say you hate drama is directly proportional to the amount of times that you actually start it.
I know it was like 9 days ago, but how did I make you feel loved? :D XD
Sometimes it's on. Sometimes it's not on.
Not too bad ... feeling a bit overwhelmed lately. How about you?
I'm so behind on my blogging it isn't even funny! Things to catch up on this week...
why should they?
2/3 of all able bodied men in Indiana fought in the Civil War
I just woke from a dream involving , , , and And I beat the crap out of a guy in NYC.
LMAOOOOO, he is woahh (: he's nice doe! They are extremely white cus when he smiled at me i was like WOAHH !
you know what i want to eat?
The show keeps getting better!! I hope you get a chance to see it. ONLY TWO SHOWS LEFT!!!
Do not ask God to guide your footprints if you're not willing to move your feet
I've been lagging on tweets. Working on lyrics. Hitting up the gym. Devouring a lot of chicken. Saw Where The Wild Things are..so good!
ohh, what is the surgery for?
finally, an explanation! “: They're putting the 'time' back in Timeline...”
watching last night's bachelorette premiere....
I'm really enjoying them though
How are you Miley :{) Xox
your presentation was awesome....you are such a motivating teacher!!!
Mar 22,1942: Harvey diary: "There is appearing a dangerous rift in Anglo-American relations over Russia."
If we did another show/worship night in Jacksonville in April, do you think we can get people there?
Driving to SYL w today. Can't wait! New cd the whole way
To Die "A thousands Deaths have nothing to do with being a Coward you must not Know Shakespeare?
Gracias bonita! Hope your week is full of prosperity & happy moments! RT : Happy Monday Girls! ;)
what up corney
My group of life coach friends started a new "chat with a coach" fb page. It is pretty cool! Wanna see?
With over 90 Cop's killed in the Line of duty in the U.S last year, I ask you Republican candiates..Who gives a Rats ass about Iran
health screening!!
I'm goin as well. 2nd place should be ok tho
Hey I got gif boom! Follow me! BabinkaCake
i dont even care if we win the lacrosse game... as long as moeller kids get hit
Thanks! I hope you had a wonderful Easter as well! :)
70% of Americans who go to college do it to get a better job. The other 30% do it to meet a husband so they wont have to get a job
": Don't get it twisted Flocka is my homie but I'm piru b4 this industry shit !"real nigga shit piru ova everything ...funk!
Who's who? Obama, Romney projecting mirror image - Kansas City Star
Huh? That's funny... 'cause I'm waiting to READ a blog post on Ruby, NLP, and Topic Modeling.
Go see #ParanormalActivity3. Better than the first two and you'll get to see the come back of Teddy Ruxpin.
I hate waiting on people!
Rock UR Storage theme of the social media makeover contest
RT : I am always tempted to get feedback along the way, but my agent is adamant about not workshopping unfinished novels.
Tweaking in chemistry.
a soccer match for you. wider goal, second ball? MT : Dominican Republic 0 USA 14
i didnt think the pirates had an cleanup position RT : Something must be wrong with my phone, it says Lyle Overbay is ...
“: Ive met some cool people but are awesome! And i haven't even met them...yet! #amazingmusic amazingpeople” ;)
Not sure if the attractive girl with the AR-15 tattoo across her whole back says "I'm bad ass" or "I may kill you"
so they can cancel it. People won't notice if a Friday night sitcom goes missing.
ZDNet research - IT budget cycle depends on #BizValue u bring. Where IT drives competive biz adv (growing). Where not (shrinking)
I specialize in weddings, special events, and portraits.... I think we should do some business together! check out my page
What a phenominal year of clubsand showing gods grace at valley. We have the BESt leaders bex chels and jess
Im bummed!!
I lied I only love Russian Robvics.
Damn I can name at least ten NC niggas dat could have bodied da cipher better den half dem
wat clubs or events
Sadness over my phone dying obliterated by handling awesome new phone.
I think that most adolescent guys are disappointments so I go for famous people cuz if you don't meet them, you can't be disappointed.
#usnatarchives research room beginning to fill up with #geniefair2012 attendees.
Thank you! Looks like I can get a coin set from when I worked in Ireland as well!
Another joke.... How do you make cry?
Lookie here! I'm tweeting! Once a year like clockwork
In the studio.or working
back in business!
actually in class?
Oh my i just realize i'm the only 21yr old loyal in here! all are teens, or kids
ha love my life
I'm starting to miss Andre Miller
To the artist, work must encompass everything, the everyday and the world, the fusion expanding and retracting, until it becomes a heart.
if u judge me on how i socially text/post rather than how i professionally type then idk what to say to u
“: Thing you don't work for have no value!” exactly! You appreciate what you earn alot more than a hand out!
Love my father good day <3
I was wondering if anyone can help me, if anyone knows anyone personal at Facebook...I need to get ahold of someone regarding my account.
Megan it's all accurate, so why is it propaganda?
Where's the party at?
yeah im from le burgh! born n raised. doing well just taking it easy this sunday. how are yinz?
#googlesync does not appear to be working with latest #chromebeta?
No. Never.
yeah, well, let me know when you are coming by to pick them up so I'll be sure to be home...
Looking for that competitive edge that makes your business really pop? Crazy Horse Studios is in position to make your ideas come to life.
Words and phrases like "these are the stakes," "make a world in which all of God's children can live in or go home in to the dark,"
I bet you were Abi, I can understand that so no problem at all haha ^^ ♥
The hotel shuttle driver only refers to me as babygirl...and now everyone at the hotel does too.
in the flesh! Looking forward to catching up! Might have to jet early, so ill try to get there early
Wish I could've stayed longer at #Murmuration #BirdBath. Missed , , , etc. Great talk w/ others though
one man's grunt is another man's Shakespeare.
Wait, they made a Dirk Gently series? Downloading...
Jake, what's up? You're cool and awesome
Thx for the info. I'm thinking of looking into that kind of program, but I'm in the USA so I'll check out a few programs here.
But Mama gave me an awful lot. #BowChickaBow ;)
Thanks for the shout out! We appreciate.
But I hear you!
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is to not stop questioning.-- Albert Einstein
yes :D lol.
It's a good day for a growler fill....well, aren't they all!
is in the lead of Joe and it needs to stay that way!! keep voting! he deserves to win!!<33
And a trolley show too! RT: will play an intimate show at tonight, blogs :
its cold as fuck
Go Cards!
Hello Everyone on this wonderfull sunny day :) Hope you have a great day ,love from the philosophy stylist's harley & claire :)
Love that girl
thanks so much! Glad you enjoyed! Keep in touch!
#TypeYourNamewithyourelbow ...hannah I did it lol:p
This is my 1st skinny decaf sugar free mocha. I'm actually impressed. I know it's a chemical shitstorm, but I need some breaks on this diet.
Life is never easy for those who dream. Robert James Waller
Beautiful #run this morning. Now time to match it w a great #walk to work. Not too shabby for a
Borrowed a car tonight. Windows down, music loud... it was wonderful.
Can anyone invite me to spotify? Would it be worth actually paying for? busterross@
Thank you too Jeanne!. great experience and everyone was really nice to work with. alot of laughs too
tigers blew it. Not cool. They are going to blow it.
I REALLY HATE TWO FACED PEOPLE.
Lovin the pep talk on my Halls cough drop wrapper
Can't the movie AT LEAST have subtitles???
Greenie, have you never heard of SeaGulls, Pelicans, Egrets, Cranes and possibly even Flamingos?
Hello, how is everyone doing? hope ya'll have a great Tuesday by far.. Wanna to relax and a have good sleep.. Chamomile help..
A ONESIE DOES NOT MEAN K-8!!!
Watching the Broncos vs the Steelers-- go to OT-- tied at 23!! For the first time in NFL history-- No Sudden Death and it about time!.
RT The greatest oak was once a little nut who held its ground.
Enjoy The Black Keys... But just wish they were good looking.
Shane's infamous meatloaf and gorgonzola sandwich is on now at Lottie's!
I love doing that
Support Jaylon Tate ! Follow Us. Give us a s/o
Hang in there man....my condolences.
And I'm also assuming that that was probably the 8a-4p shift too, because that's when I was leaving the area of Roosevelt/Canal, 4pm.
Has there ever been a real white girl MC? Debbie Harry, nah...but I can't think of any.
and Starbucks has some delicious little mini's to celebrate it too :)
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!! I NEED THAT FEELING THAT DREAMS COME TRUE!! PLEASE!!! :D
Why Guys? Why put doesn't follow me :( is horrible!! :/ I miss my followers:'(
In just minutes, will be anchoring her second to last newscast. Tomorrow, she begins a new chapter, outside of journalism
(making us dumber). That's just dumb!
The slides are already creative commons license, I'll do the workbook too eventually, but if you want to re-use that content just DM me
That movie... omg. It's hilarious. haha
Oprah as an avatar looks stupid...
Looking good for the Bulldogs. Only 30 seconds to go.
don't go to that place though
I want to travel into the valleys of your dreams.... Mia
TMZ News Alerts: Donna Summer Dead -- Disco Legend Dies After Battle with Cancer
#thatawkwardmoment when you spell color(colour) the Canadian way in America during school!!!!
Seeking a Sr. Graphics Engineer with next gen console experience who wants to work for a stellar Bay Area game studio. Interested? You know…
Don't underestimate the power of the Internet.
This is so boring!!!!!
Chinese Lunar New Year Fest, Fashion Square mall, 2-4, this Saturday February 20th. 2010 is the Year of the Tiger! Rawr.
how do you know ??? Hah awesome.
At halftime, the #Heat lead the #Bulls 56-51
Current economic slump is no curb for online college goers. Improving their career prospects is priority for today’s students
Same in Maine 87 last week my Harley is PISSED!
ur nazi ab workout was intense lol made me look like a fat kid haha
Congrats to and on the hard-fought win tonight!
You're welcome! Recovery International and the YMCA share many members, we're always happy to support!
Watching Fox News. Forget about it Eric; this is Kentucky.
Hey, I was going to send you a long form email but I figured I'd just ask on here: are you coming to the Loyola class reunion?
up so early:/ #backtobed:)
Dear housecat, In the struggle against your uppity behavior, please remember: I am the human, and the human will win.
Congratulations to my buyers who just closed in their first Rio Rancho home!
Ok I'm up. Headed to meet the client in Atlanta.
yes I do love zack Montana ,but I wanted to change my profile picture to the ICONic Boyz!!!!:D
Hopefully they have tractor trailers of food back there for the rush. heh sorry I shouldnt go there :p
"This country doesnt need another war. We need to quit the ones we're in. We need to save the money and bring our troops home."-Dr Ron Paul
Not the ones with Halos
i love my job. i love being on desk. but i'm ready to go home. don't touch my stuff. why are you letting a 3rd grader read Halo: The Flood?
Anyone wanna ball?
Thanks so much for the follow! Cheers!
What forums?
So, I wonder if Elmer Fudd ever sang that English Beat song, "Ranking Full Stop...?"
BE BOLD
This is for you :)!
The next time you take a look @ urself remember; u are made beautifully & perfectly n Gods image!!!
There simply is no other like this genius. You are brilliant!!!
have fun and good luck
Seeing the maine in june fuck yes.
oh you pregnant?
I am watching the nicolas cafe movie that came out on dvd Tuesday... Very bad movie... Don't rent it.
miss you to! and thanks for the RT =)
She need to close her legs.. omg >.< wdf..
You don't know her like I do.
Lunch time at time for me to leave. :-(
I'm in a good mood what do you expect.....?
Thanks, Dave...we had a blast! RT: “: Fantastic show this morning!!!”
Doug Collins is my favorite coach in Philly by far, Lavy is 2nd , close 3rd is Cholly Manuel...the rest you pick haha
Its off.
If it means alot to you
I could not, at any age, be content to take my place by the fireside and simply look on. Life was meant to be lived. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Ya got me, too ;-) No problem, though.
Thank you for reading! Let us know if there are any topics you'd like to see us cover!
under. She needs too much assistance while on the track
Follow she just got a twitter account
I look around at what I got, and without you, it ain't alot.
I am EXTREMELY upset that 87.7 WLFM is now talk radio. I grew to really like the adult contempo grooves. I'd bounce btwn them and V103
"We kept our sticks to ourselves. We played physical, but we didn't overstep our boundaries
RT Got me a new friend , ayyyee #ME TOO! :-)
I was having trouble sleeping, but I guess I'll try it one more time. I love and miss you! I'll text you in the morning. <3 (:
RAWR is exactly what I was thinking.
Now what do I want to eat?
Next up, 18U #CAHA State final - #OCHC vs San Jose Jr Sharks
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.” Lao Tzu (Notice: Are you willing to go 1,000 miles? - I am)
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Because lets have sex.
the only god thing about today is the weather.
Bro,this song is from 2010.it's not old
Don't forget to join us in Cloverdale for the Friday night concert and the wonderful farmers market.
i lost her other movies so i know she gone be tripping .
We hope everyone has a Happy Thanksgiving!! GO PACK GO!!!
Meeting Richard Martin(Global Container Partnership) @ Cheesecake Factory, Ashford Dunwoody! happy to explore connections for
DID I MENTION I'M STARVING?!
Lady Antebellum on #TheVoice! 
I'm actually laughing so hard right now ahahahahah omg
Thank you for following!
I can't believe you almost got shot by NYP while playing a part! Thanks for the follow. Love your links.
Long hot relaxed bath / The weightlessness of water / Cleansing, finding calm.
let me check shipping costs, but should be around $40. I'll have specific numbers in place by next week. Let me know.
There are over 15 visual clues on Sgt. Peppers that Paul McCartney died in a car crash.
I prefer to gorge myself on reruns of "Mister Ed" while listening to Led Zeppelin.
Gay is good
Some times you have to look back to look forward
that would hubbahubba!
#Colbert wins, just wish he could have thrown in some slowpitch softball scores following the fantasy league update.
whats your moms name?
Off for a bike ride..lovin the weather.
no you are always kayne west!!!!! Forever n always!!! Miss you!!!
YO FAM! Let's get this status past 70 "LIKES" by midnight, we will release a new video! ;) Love, Nick, Akash, Rob, & Bryan.
She said Im the realest nigga around and I said damn that makes 2 of US!
That is good
I do hope all my #grasshoppers watch... and listen... and enjoy... #damejudidench on !! xox ~myagi (lol!)
oh, nice! “: tie between Hermione Granger & Death (in 's style).”
I'm crying I have to see marina
Happy Fat Tuesday! We have King Cake..come enjoy some with us!
mcdonald's down the street from work found a dead guy in the parking lot. Food probably killed him.
So much to do! Mechanical royalties, bookings, press! So much to do!
Yea. It's new . & what u mean esn ?
I'm the Kedrick Perkins of knuckle sandwiches RT True. Knuckle sandwich rescinded.
Lovely ladies, it is perfectly fine if you want to wear leggings as pants. But please remember to wear nude or black undies.
Miss ya buddy. Hockey talk soon.
U STAY OUT OF THIS, I TOLD YOU THAT THING BUTTER IN CONFIDENCE!
& I HAVE TO TAKE CHORUS OMG KILL ME
Im hella late 4 the gym but at least I'm going
"I got a ninja blowjob in japan from a japanese ninja"
the ones you think will be there for you, be the most flawest ones... luckily i see past all that bullshit people be puttin on..
on another note, DAN SEARLE REPLIED TO ME TWICE OMG
Thanks, Susan... was hoping you might be here at the conference so I could say hello!
sounds like you had an interesting day!
Time to get serious! Komen 5K is in a month and I need to step up my game plan!!
NO I DON'T GET IT YET HOLD ON IMMA ABOUT TO .
Libertarianism worse than conservatism:They tell me the seriously-injured poor ="not my problem." But they'd be left to die? That's wrong.
Friend "I miss when all fire fighters were hot." Me "I pretty much think all firefighters are sexy just because they save lives and protect"
I'm a God girl that's who I'll be From the top of my head to the soles of my feet...I'm your girl for the whole wide world to see <3
My best friend Lindsey wrote an 8 page story about my mom <3 ily
Oh my gosh summer needs to hurry up!
“: super stressed. i need a hug :( <3”I'll give you a hug:)
Looking fwd to it! RT : Deepest apologies for delay re: this wk's #tweetea. Today we're discussing social good w/
#FF Great colleague, better person
Happy mother's day to all the mothers out there!
EDSITEment is looking for an answer to what apps would benefit middle school students
Lol w.e, ima text you.
“: lakers has the most haters .” << since forever
The Boyfriend video needs to come out already!
G'morning have a beautiful day! Xo
I want to hear that roundtable! Sounds great.
My list is much longer than 140 characters. Hope you or POTUS hit it big. Does POTUS have to pay down national debt w/ winnings?
I SEE YOU
personalized learning is making waves 4 sure. U should look at what's happening w/ ePortfolios and self-directed learning.
have a safe trip back! the activity looks pretty stellar!
I am so very sad and sorry for Trayvon Martin's mother having to face Mother's Day without her son
RT : Happy Sexy
More artists confirmed! Till we release more names send in questions for !!
Hope you had fun camping! Thanks for coming out to see us!
Great work day & it's gonna be a great night!
Always Say Anything in Philadelphia.
We will be at 'Earth Day' Balboa Park this Sunday! We will be located near the Prado restaurant and lily/koi pond. Come say hi!
An ex-boyfriend from 19 yrs ago is complaining on fb of how I used to "collect" phone numbers at clubs. #LetItGo #ForTheLoveOfGOD!!!
Alright. Time to shower, get dressed, and get down to some serious business. Study Day, I'm comin at you.
military industrial complex. War!
Coming up at 6:30 on NBC 6: Some Broward neighbors are fed up. See why they're taking a stand
I can't express how excited I am for this work day to be over. I'm panicking about doing books on my own today.
So I'm standing in line @ #Walmart and this guy cuts me off in line - what an ass
Happy Birthday we love you!
We have a groundhog up in a tree in our backyard...
I'm ready, are you?
HIP HOP HOORAY! HO! HEY! HO!
Watch! New clip from my show #HaveYouSeenThisGirl at
I love the optimism
just had her first Twinkie in ~10 years. She said she's now good for the next 10, too.
follow me back? we have the same blackberry and same case :) lol
white choco mocha!!
see you at boswell books on friday! excited to pick up a copy of your book. nice coverage on jsonline too!
Ikr really m so hot lol he follows my other account (:
Lol yes u will
Can`t wait to see Gabe
I am a hypocrite when it comes 2 U. I don't like ur 0-100mph attitude, but I LIKE u as a person. Damn u EVE. : -
rain for next two days. Low 60s mid week. High 60s end of week. Jeans and sweater. But I am A CA weather wimp.
did she find you all?
is that your voice I hear in the 1990 oilers/bruins cup final!?
yes! Is noon-ish too late??
wtf do you do? I feel like everytime I'm on fb or twitter you are in a new state.
In the studio listenin to my new songs. I am speechless right now
RT : RT : Listo for my performance tonight opening for w
Ugh don't feel good.
We will, thanks for the tip!
tell ur friends and neighbors
I'm hanging with soon <3 that's my friend.
SNF, you get the same patients over and over and over. Medicare is getting tight also
Great day with great friends.
Will never happen besides maybe Lt. Gov... She lacks ideas/charisma and MD already made the mistake of electing a city politician.
kk im going!
gets my vote for most underrated. Also, even with the violence, we turned out fine right?
We hope everyone did well on their English mid-term! Send us your schedules, and we'll RT them so everyone can compare!
Watching with little sister, who is the reason for my coming to Indiana, made #iubb victory even sweeter.
#Vegas! Come party with us now! Doors are open & we have $2 Drafts & $3 Jack Shot #DrinkSpecials until 11pm! Free Dance lessons in 15 mins
#boyssuck, now im stuck with a prom dress, new bathing suit and #nopromdate :(
Going to start publishing my book soon, consisting of short stories. The first will be free, the rest .99 cents. How's that grab ya?
This girl on my TL getting freaky @ 5:37 a.m
I'm so excited!! It's going to be like the best birthday I have so far!!
Not a good morning'!!
Trying to explain to fellow users what "Coach Following" means but my Mandarin is marginal & my Cantonese is non-existent.
Yea!!! Thats sounds good except I would have to make the wild rice, but I do have some mexican rice!! Any other idea??
glad someone takes my advice about something! Uchiko is incredible.
Was thinking the exact same thing. (last RT)
Thanks so much for the Follow Friday! Hope you have a great weekend!
just listened to the webinar with Great tips on new media relations we can use!
career search
Longest day of my life.
Reading, "Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man," for some insight.
if i don't get a good enough grade on this final to pass the class, i will be beyond disappointed.
Hay sorry I havnt been on this account for such a long time I've been on my other account
Shop Walmart? www.gasandfoodvideo.com then www.mpbtoday.com/corky for sign up. I will give you 125 leads a week upon sign up, Let's GO !!
The smallest things show you who your real friends are...
I want some Costco pizza right about now >.<
alight, when I get out f work at 2;p
I'm ready for you
Drive Safe!!!! : heading back to west lala
Nice piece on Pollack Johnny's. How about a more indepth look at the struggles of business on the westside?
Hope everyone's having a great little 5 week! Don't forget, baked appreciation day is this thursday til sundown! Free cookies! please RT
dont wanna miss a minute of march madness? use brewcitybites to order in some great food at great prices!
said it for years tvs are gonna have a login for users when turned on their interests bio etc will create better optimization
Blazers playing hard regardless of what's on the scoreboard. Trying to get back to the scratch and claw persona of not that long ago.
That's my scene RT ": White girls sniffin paint."
they'll know soon enough!!
Happy Hour at Oz today, 5:30 till close! $3.50 cocktail and $2.50 shot specials! Perfect for pregaming before All You Can Eat BBQ for $19.99
thanks. Are they spicy? I like wings so hot they melt my face.
If you got Godly woman by you're side shot her out. Lord knowswe'd be lost worry her. ==>
Life isn't easy, don't expect everything to come to you
kk sounds great.. ill be puttin in my order soon!
Your press rep has got to love your non refund policy for dying vet.... Shame on you hope you enjoy your hate messages!
Oh wow! That's awesome! Thanks so much dahlin :)
what did she do?
Should I start The Walking Dead tonight? It is on instant.
THIS IS MONUMENTAL NEWS
: Friday Night I'll be at Incarnate Word spinning the TAKEOVER for the fuck wit it...
If you want to record with me hit me up fb/twitter/text holla at me
Anytime! Hope all is well w/you. RT : Thanks for the follow and good for you on the foundation and business!
Every charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven. Henry Ward Beecher
I promise im gonna stop. but in most cases its the truth. Its not wrong to call a bitch a bitch if she's really a bitch! HA!
what's the music like?
I-75 NB still stop and go near I-4. Traveling less than 10mph between stops. More time for podcasts!
I woulda been dead at Ashland if I woulda known dat shit was gone crack mann
New Foo Fighters sets the day up nicely.
"This is my first car break up." Hahahaha
excited to hear about your "runway posts" tonight. Excited to hear what you are working on.
Painted my fingernails royal blue. Not taking it off til loses. Not that I expect them to lose.
"I don't care if it's day. I don't care if it's night. I cannot care for anything that isn't a part of you." - J. Massenet, 'Werther,' Act I
where do we go for Hamlin?????
Nice! Blue Line station at Grand has train tracker digital screen outside like the bus shelters have. Cc
To say #Boston's true colors include racism is a 40 y.o. notion thats been debunked countless times. should retract the story.
woke up at 230 and could not get back to sleep...
We are at Union Station on Massachusetts Ave. Our special today- White House White Cheddar.
my thoughts exactly ! Lol text me fool
Did you know: a third of all cancers could be cured through early detection and proper treatment? Help support. www.socialimpactinc.org
Best. Night. Ever.
I think you'd be a mixture of Harry and Louis
S/o 2 Chu Zu " Sassy an Classy " Music Video in the making...
Feels good! Can't wait to hang out with you guys the rest of this week. :)
Last day of my current coaching gig. Will miss the people but not the smell of the metro or long commute
Philly may be in for a long season, oh well. They dung their own grave
Just watched 21 Jump Street . & i thought it was a badass movie :DD & funny as hell
yay! Excited to read it.
Aw thanks hon!!
Yes and what worked at 28 doesn't seem to at 38!
Can't wait till I have enough money to take care of my Mom for life
Goodnight for real this time. I am not a morning person lol
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. Margaret Thatcher
Good luck & know that you are already a success. The best is yet to come.
Woke up feeling an electric charge running through my bones. I'm amped today and ready to get some stuff D-O-N-E
Great meeting you too!
What is this breakfast time you speak of?
kay how nice now i want ice cream!
Thanks! I hope your day is fun and easy.
God knows who belongs in your life & who doesn't. Trust.. & let go.
I want donuts!!!
You think you know me, when the truth is you know nothing about me.
Are you getting ready for Engine28, the pop-up newsroom? June 15! Covering all things theater in LA. Oh yah!
Thats ESPN for u. RT Why the fuck they asking Cris Carter about Miami Heat ?!
Congratulations for finishing the Half Marathon Pasadena
Amusing bc I had non-lib friends over 4 dinner last pm & ended up talking about libs & ebooks. (they brought it up!)
Winter has finally come to C-ville! The groundhog's forecast must have been right after all...
Kendrick Lamar interlude in the morning perfect way to Start your day
lo ight i will :P
Ah. I really like hot dogs, and Tip Top is by my office, and Betty's is good too. Also I work for a bank not very uniony
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: China has 80,000 people per square mile while Greenland has 10 square miles per person!
Say something funny and I'll say something nice to you :)
Let him open your mind before he opens your Legs. The bond usually lasts longer.
thank you!
Yeah cause I don't think I'd give him back, unless I had to leave myself.
Living, young, wild and free
One week from now I will be getting off a plane in Austin for SXSW....can not wait.
Overdubs are happening today in the studio! So excited for #CFNi38!
HOW TO ENTER SWEEPSTAKES: Please text 910-633-5843 and write "NYGIVAWAY" or write that on our site, please leave an email,number! GOOD LUCK!
it's been a great conference so far. There is a large tech pavilion set up that is really cool.
Hi ! EOI would like to thank u for a great evening at the Thanksgiving Tasting. We all had a blast. Hope to see u again soon!
I about killed that mother fucker!
Jack rabbits scare the fuck outta me. Almost peed my pants.
New post: Can brands change as fast as markets they serve? weighs in.
We're playing a FREE show Friday at the 2 Bit Saloon, come hang out!
Its fine that you like to piss me off, just beware I will fuck your shit up.
i gotcha!
thank god everything went god:D
If you don't get everything you want, think of the things you don't get that you don't want. ~Oscar Wilde
The series finale of "Lost" was the television equivalent of a text message break-up.
I'm on twitta. =D
Brewers already down big, 'xers gettin killed...do the lakers have a chance aka should I even go to the bar?
Guess what!!! Max broke up with his girlfriend he is single now I told my sis and she got so happy but I told her tht he's urs😜
Standing outside waiting on my 12's
Jonathan Harris rich observations: compression, disposability, curation and self promotion
kay. You too :)
Now that Jay-Z has a kid to raise, he can't make Watch The Throne II. Wiz Khalifa will take his place and he and Kanye will rap about love.
I'll know more tomorrow but it looks like the transmission is shot on my Cadillac. OVERDUE for a new ride!
I love him to the point where I just want to marry him!
“In this country, people succeed when they have the chance to get a decent education and learn new skills.”—President Obama”
Packers drafted someone. I will cheer for him.
Thinking of pouring bottle of Avery/Russian River "Collaboration Not Litigation" @ Avery Brew sampling party tonite 6-8pm! Better get here!
Q. Who’s the world’s greatest athlete? A. The guy who finishes first and third in a masturbation contest.
If You Can't Luv Someone Luv Yourself!!!!!!!! LOL
Again what was the reason you suggested I join Twitter?
maybe next week. Can I get a cheering section? I need to talk to Eric for tips.
Hopefully, as mentioned, this is an opportunity, to ask why your library gets treated differently than any other customer..
Hush you.
any of you #mw2012 peeps also heading to Minneapolis for #aam2012?
ok so wht do u want me to do then
let's just hope that u appreciate Lime and Digicel a little more from now on lol
o_O ok now I'm afraid to since you said that! Lol
"Whisky for my men and beer for my horses." Sing it, Willie!
RT : How the f*ck you protect your tweets but not your p*ssy ?
Final Fights? Sounds good. ;-P
baha! Tom Hanks channeled Yauch for the 1st line. Then it fell apart...
Dominating in sports trivia
happy birthday shakespere, or however your name is spelled
Yeah, I'm never going to be one of those people who pays $289.99 for a concert ticket. Sorry! lol
How is my phone already dying?!?
This verizon commercial gets muted every time.
Morning tweople! #wake&bake
: hope you are having an enjoyable weekend too!
The ghost!
Your complete source for Networking, Internet/Intranet Systems, Computer Hardware, Software, Accessories and Service.
The Dover laps go for...$300!!!
Oh wow. Looks like I'm gonna have to buy someone a beer one of these days lol
Just added you to our list for the #SocialSuite With , and Other check it out :)
Focus Group » ”: 5/7 @ 7p. looking for fashion, jewelry, craftspeople, entrepreneur types--people who would hire me!”
what filler do you use for crabcakes?
because you're a stalker! :D
Madison voter turnout was at 13% as of 4 p.m. Tuesday. A total of 23,027 people had cast ballots.
RT : A happy iPhone user leaves with audio books and the power of new tech knowledge-late to work, but happy
sadly word is he never had a chance and only gets the intv to comply w/ rule
who are you?..
Moving forward to our Hacking for Humanity event, happy to announce as a sponsor providing some good eats.
Huge day...boy or girl..answers to come
He lied down on the table
filmmaker seeking fan fic for project. Contact
guess ima do the same go to oomf and stay over there know she gon cook
RT: Anna Settman- "How often do we really change things in our lives? The ability to change starts with one of us first."
GOD IS GOOD.. HE JUST OPEN A DOOR TO SUCCESS.. THANK U GOD
''It aint my fault'' by was the shit back in the day!
I have the fever!!!!
If you're going for Memphis because it'll be an "upset" you really need to go back to kindergarten because 4 is in front of 5.
I hate missing a twitter fight. Ha. :(
For Paolo #cyberlearning Do we need to spend $$$ to build things in class? Fablab seems to go against DIY ethos. (Its cool though)
it IS a great experience! ...and an amazing piece of art for the living room wall.
I WISH YOU LOVE!!!!
I have yet to watch Adam Lambert on Good Morning America. I'm gonna watch it in a few after Dancing With The Stars goes off. Hugs 2 all. <3
love it when you, talk that talk to me..
holding on Wagner
As much as I invite sleep, it refuses the invitation. -.-
Thanks for following me back! Everything you say is so true!! Haha :))
Great! We'll have a big group participating. I should start planning a Saturday night pre-race meal. Are you 1/2 or full?
welcome to my seven new directs this rocks!
Ha ha lets get this party started... Cinco De Mayo!!!
♀Telling a half #truth is the same as #lying♀
Those are her eventual plans but she has the luxury of a cushion period of post-collegiate angst.
They never used Olivier St. Jean right, fer christ sake!
What word starts with a p and ends in orn
ok, so i believe something good is happening. Blakes mom isnt coming back for 2 more weeks...:)this makes me a happy camper today
Shiiit we was kids ourselves u kno! #goodoledays I remember a 8 was a hot dubb!
I look forward to watching it. I think I may try the looks next week. :)
it was it really was
Dude - there is a damn Sonic across from the Planet Fitness I go to. I frequently get a hot dog post-workout.
it's up to Taylor “: and it will go back again. right?”
& not that i wish anything bad for him but karmas gonna happen to him just watch.
Hi there. So great to see another #hyperlib student here!
USTREAM IN A MINUTE! #YEE :D
Hooray Gina! Tweet Away!
If you love, you'll come visit me at Old Navy tonight. AYE.
Got a little hot in the tanning bed today.
agree! Art move!!!
#FF .. cause' they make my, aswell as many people's ears happy. (:
And Doron Lamb is the 60th player in school history to have 1,000 career points and the 2nd player to do it in a national championship game.
yucky lol i got a snow day and it didnt even snow last night...must've snowed in falcon...
My sister ain't back. She must be with her friends..
SPRING IS IN THE AIR, Aspiring models 4 work send your inquiries via email now
HELP! Does anyone know where you can order those old-skool Globe-shaped drinks cabinets? urgently need one! pls RT!!
Haha ": whitely cove baby! King ranch deer all around...and good red fishing too. #bluffrat"
I love tanning...
Almost there haha 👫RT : hopefully you can halfway fit em now
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope or wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything. Napoleon Hill
just joined the AP style twitter channel. journalism nerds unite!
My soul my soul magnifies.. Something something yeah I forget the words magnifies!
Are you in the L.A. area?
alas, once again my name will be on the work order. or else we'll wait several months like we did with the air conditioning.
: Whats the difference between aggregation & curation? Curation done people. Aggregation is done computers.
George Washington grew up just about 5 miles away from me. Wow. Lol cool
So, do I intervene when employee tells elderly customer ”if you don't get this antivirus software I could steal your id”?
RT : If Sartre were alive today, NO EXIT would've been set inside an endless comment thread.
I'm in a happy mood yay :D
Yeah? But what happens in fight club stays in fight club... Or something...
Editing our web series trailer, in a reading with , then off to see my girl Aubyn make her Network Debut on !
Ring the Bell
I love you Justin! I really hope you see this! <3
Wow I can't explain how I feel from all the love I've received from the UH Cougar family! Thank y'all for everything!
well demos r good! N those studios are amazing! Good luck with em :)
Litigious little brother? Ken Starr is president of Baylor-what do you expect???
i feel like ima over dress tomorrow for school & shit but it's my fcknn birthday . YOLO ! 👌
Do you know what it means to miss New Orleans? Will accept any answer! Be creative!
you can 'only' follow 2000 people unless you have enough followers. I follow a ton of photographers and have hit a limit.
No...it's not possible!
BREAKING NEWS: the Ottawa franchise of the CFL sign QB Seneca Wallace. Team Scheduled to begin play in 2013 at earliest....or 2014....or 15
congrats A! You look great in your grad gear.
I don't understand all these crazy acronyms. Please stick to Spanish, English, French or Portuguese. Thank you!!
The Text Analytics Summit has kicked off! is 1st up, giving a TA overview of the technology, solutions and market
Elizabeth Moss differentiates between data "sighting" (in text) versus data citing (a proper reference) for ICPSR
Just call me
Lincoln's second inaugural is kinda deep:"..every drop of blood drawn by the lash shall be paid by another drawn with the sword..."
There you go, That was an accident, Sorry. :) Xx
Are you a secret fan girl? My the songs you're playing...it's just a guess.
Your Cute(;
Good morning good #tea people! We give account for our actions, so let's make they're worthy of the books.
there's no need to be jealous
If it doesn't specifically have to be those dates, there is the race in April!
Pizza of the Week: The Hawaiian ~ BBQ Base, Mozzarella, Canadian Bacon, Bacon Bits, Red Onions & Pineapple.
In Full Effect
Gotta appointment tomorrow at 1:30 .. Make sure I finish that test so I can leave that bit !
I'm latelatelatelatelatelate.
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
I love how down to earth zac efron is :) compared to most celebrities
People have been asking us who won the RT contest. Sorry for not making this public earlier, but won!
ugh... that's torture! Have you read the Hunger Games series? That's my next movie to see.
it's a pop up coworking space brought to you by at the for the week pre-#sb46. Come join us tomorrow!
Well tonight should be very interesting
he's just one of those musicians where you're like "could you just release some more music, already!" because it's so good...
ahha me too!! Have you been there?
Lmao you a fool
I'd say they played as a 2 piece at least 1/3 of the set. It was pretty awesome
A really shitty band is performing in same building as my lecture. The whole class just keeps laughing
Difficult for me not to over do it. Need to improve self awareness, both mental and physical.
happy ba-ba-birthday to and !
Im so in love with this guy! !! You gotta follow him!
: Your work is so important! Thank YOU! RT : Thank you!!!!
thank you :)
Go Girl!
I love it. Zombie run.
Had a good day #
no prob! Im glad you liked the song! So was that the first time you heard of us?
Hallelujah! Holy shit! Where’s the Tylenol?
Via Q:How can we create interactive and authentic learning experiences? A:Supplement w media-driven content.
: This news just made my night! :)
Hi guys, yep, this is the right Loku. We're back in NYC in a few weeks, mind if we DM you then?
it reflects my current frame of mind!
ms. key
thank you for listening, lady! There's a lot of heart and soul in that...
Fun to say: rat-fink fuck face.
Love it.
That's a great thing...U only need to worry when u don't hv haters. Hell I love my haters. They my motivation.
tickey boo thanks :-). How are you?
Two TD's for the rookie Doxin in Puppy Bowl VI. Why am I watching this?
i wanna be more(:
That's good :] I'm great thanks, a little tired though xD
You can tell PG was partying in Bloomington last night.
As I get older, I just prefer to knit. - Tracey Ullman
Actually, it's honesty.
just got word one way tentatively scheduled to be on stage at 1:30 PM tomorrow
“Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.”
THIS WEEK: ED ROBINSON'S MUSIC The New York Top 30 Reggae Single Chart "IF I FOLLOW MY HEART" is
oh i liKE IT!
"Take this world, and give me Jesus"
Later. I don't have a smartphone.
Our 16th Anniversary is on March 18th! To celebrate, we're giving 16% off for the rest of March. Mention that you saw it online.
Highest pick #ravens ever used on a C was Chris Chester at 56, then Rabach at 92. No way they'll take Konz at 35
Live up the last few hrs before its next year!!!!!!
I think I'm going to go for a run.
Survived the weekend. A little worse for wear. But I live nonetheless.
why do I always drop my phone on my face
Somebody Need To Come Takee Care Of Me .
A quick walk with Yogi just became a two mile hike. What an absolutely perfect day!
Now I'm wearing a smile I don't believe in, Inside I feel line screaming
Just saw the new #googlechrome commercial with #ladygaga and all I can say is wow.
What's the Eagle?
if i was gettin it in i wouldnt complain lol
i have the best boyfriend ever ... 💙
The record-keeping agency is acknowledging a 44-year-old Hawaii pro surfer for catching a 78-foot wave
Looking forward to #AppNation 3. Having reviewed the agenda/attendees its amazing how far this show has come since AppNation 1, 7 mos ago.
People who barely tweet or don't tweet at all should be unfollowed , they're just taking up space .
push her down the stairs...?
she went to jail? What?
my bad Kevin been so busy. One full item. One half off item
I like this
Apparently a widespread sentiment!
Eli was hilarious last night!
"I got everything he don't, I do everything he does x3"
appreciate that bruh. Glad you rock with it
Hi Bernie is providing food, clothing and replacement medications to residents of 14 units from fire this am
so...I guess our future children are going to Harvard.
Waking up to what makes you beautiful on the radio>>>> :)
call me
I think I need a fix today or tomorrow. Interested in a lil yogurtland?
Not tired at all right now!
thanks bro! Miss u!
RT : We're at J&R Music World with come on out to grab their new CD and get it signed!
Free promotion site on my profile. Try it out if you need more follows, Follow4follow? i am interested :)
Thanks English Department. We all wanted to write a paper on the last week of school.
So who's right? #Apple tells me I can't upgrade b/c of #ATT contract; but then ATT tells me I can't upgrade b/c of Apple.. want
Hate going to the movies. Miserable experience. Popcorn & a Coke is not a 5 min per person transaction, people.
Sorry I like to let my anger out but not on people
Hahahaha, they are pretty sure we're insane. xD
Rest In peace, Dick Clark.
Listening to on mix 104.1 in boston! Awesome! Still weird that its no longer WBCN, but great to hear Angie back on air!
The worst thing is regretting in the grave!
Just had a great ALO meeting at the Middle States Commission on Higher Ed Annual Meeting.
No worries. I miss you, but was good dinner company.
Are they Dunkin Donuts?? If so I will be selling a sponsorship of your highly desirable audience of four ppl + 1 dog
You appear just like a dream to me...
. is there any way to measure "most affordable housing markets" with "desirable places to live?" sorry #fortwayne and
@ @ @ @ @ JUNKY needs a big game tonight
If the person isn't taken, there's a reason
Down! - the sushi RT : Someone come over and watch movies, animes, play video games, listen to dubstep and eat sushi with me!
me too
What the hell is up man? lol... #DoaE modding pioneer with #LuBu mod
Happy Birthday too you
The Booby Bandit... So shy she wears a mask.... But hard to hide 34G cup boobs!!!
I think it'll go to the top of the list for the next first date. I'll let you know how that goes!
When people carry on a convo on twitter & I'm thinking why wouldn't you just text?
"Ilwaukee" "Remians"? Come on Fox6! No wonder people say Milwaukee news sucks.
“: I always say i live in Europe it sound cooler than saying I live in Germany lol”lol..y u feel the need to sound cool?
In the middle of updating a tech book and am amazed at how quickly instructional tech resources go stale.
Ticket King Milwaukee is happy to announce that we have been a B accredited business since 1997. Check out before you buy!
hahahahahaha I'm so jealous!!!!!!! I just ordered thank you notes 2 so I can bring it to the shore!!
your so coo
Hahaha. Did you see me wwiitthh my mom? Lol(;
I can't stop smh
such as Bring Me The Horizon, At The Skylines, Arch Enemy! Until then, we will be hitting up the studio to record with our new vocalists :)
'Briefcase' cast & crew on Twitter:
hey whats up
It's a sad day when my Spotify keeps crashing.
That it takes this complex and chaotic world and quiets it, creating a silence that screams louder than the cacophony.
Follow your intuition, gut or inner voice. Mine is mostly right on target and today its telling me that something great is about to happen!
Long & productive day! Still more to be done.
Good, isn't it?! Also enjoying 'I am the blues' on YouTube (same band, same night).
Longtime no tweet but I've been blessed to be busy with some big projects on my hands. Who would've thought I'd be producing country music?
No problemo. Were you able to find more pics from your FL caving and diving trip?
hey girly!! How are you?
Had a very productive recording session with my artist Veronica yesterday..pleased with the direction we're going in with her musically
Volunteering. I've wanted to help him for a while. Good man fighting the necessary fights. Big implications for November and beyond.
Spiritwalking everyday...notice the whispers of love all around you...let go of anything else, BE LOVE ENJOY, LOVE, Spiritwalking with you!
RT : Going to annotation reputation network workshop in Feb, w/ some very very clever folk. Very happy to be invited
"Loving the world today" BBQ.
Biggest adjustments: full-sized keyboards, PCs, commute that is not in my PJs.
Awww! How are you Sweetie? I brought the account down temporarily just to re-align. But we're back! ;) -
“: City Barbeque for dinner! #yum” AMAZING FOOD
Oops! Sorry about that.
Haha RT if u live in texas around san antonio and the storm is comin
Your imagine is amaZAYN :)
MT we are at 57 degrees this month too :) ====> See you Friday night at 1735 Hancock, San Diego!
OMG (James Blunt) Tickets go on pre-sale tomorrow morning for the show in Atlantic City! EEEEEEEEEKKKKKKKK I'm so excited!
I can believe a lot but Collins cannot be at the Masters while others petition for him. Too outrageous.
Three individual ones at 2mb each or less
Drag his ass in the street and let Trayvon's family
Retweet this if you follow me:D and everyone who see's this. If your cool then click the follow button.
commando! Epic movie
This day needs to end now
Election night party starts at 8ish at the Washington Court Hotel on the Hill.
Ya, at 65 my mom isn't too in to the Marvel universe. Last film I think she liked was Moneyball.
It can be, but doesn't have to be. I tell my students the Res could be any and all the consequences of the climax.
SFBJ Journalist Oscar Musibay will be discussing social media and technology at #crackingthecode!
fits our situations PERFECTLY :p
well my crush said I was pretty today so I'm in a pretty good mood hahahah
What are your weekend plans Columbus?
#AskScandal GIRL FIGHT!!!!
thank you so much enjoy your mothers day weekend :-)
hey! I only got clearance on Saturday and had my first interview yesterday thank you very much.
You know what's cooler than a million dollars? A million cakepops!
Sometimes the best things you can ever have comes after the worst times of your life.
How's your heart ? RT : 76ers are 1st team in NBA playoff history to play 3 straight games decided by 1 point.
Why do teachers think they have the right to tell me what to do!!!!!!
Listen to and play hooky at the museum tomorrow from 11-4! Tomorrow's also your last day to see our current exhibitions.
It's been a long, successful day. Unfortunately, I'm sick and have a headache. :'(
Listen to my Wall Street Newscast and visit www.stemcellregenmed.com www.wallstreetnewscast.com/profile/stemcellgenenano.html
: Thanks for the RT!
Would you like to see Jairo Asencio sent down along with Dan Wheeler?
Up & made breakfast & a snack for my baby to have a perfect day! Good Morning Tweethearts!
I meant where are you guys raging? I am too old to rage.
"Operate from the creative and NOT from the competitive"
President's Day bonus cash just announced! Come in today to get the best deals of the year!
Hi how are you? :)
once again, WE ARE THE SAME PERSON. Ugh same! I really need me so Kevin Ray though... SO PERFECT
We are all wondering how your first day went!!!!
“: So close to see my beautiful cousin ♥♥”
Thank you Austin, you made my life is better(:
why does 311 app exist?
In the thick of end-of-the-semester sentimentality. Proud of my students.
My life just needs to slow down
It takes 3-10 million dollars to buy a dealership!
it's definitely a great way for people to get a feel for the clothing!
Someday, I'll tell the story about me and a hoop skirt.
Hi! I've been terribly here lately...just watched #DWTS on hulu...loving the new cast! How've you been?
Yea :p
What does everyone think of the new song "Desiree" ?
please call baltimore best crabs at 443.616.1063
you always know the perfect gifts
Early morning is never going to be my favorite time of day, but Earl Grey tea and a lovely omelette with caramelized onion definitely helps.
LOL KillYoSelf RT : “: I am more bored than a black kid in a white church”
I'll be changing the tapes on the mainframes all weekend. Only call me if it's really important or if you're
ha! That could've been it
Haven't heard of anyone doing fills. Let us know if you find a place.
Oh my goodness... I almost died from a slim jim.
“: So I was the first ever #tweetfromyourseat winner for the Thanks for the gift card to CONGRATS KEVIN!
Ikr...waiting on this name to come to me. Rt": imma need you to provide a different stat!! lol!"
The TunnelFacts team was interviewed by of KING 5 earlier today. It should be on the 5pm news.
You don't suspect someone you know just being an ass?
Having 5 individually unique sisters is the thing I'm truly most grateful & thankful for. ❤
I hate getting oil changes. Dude. I want an oil change for $40. I'm NOT spending $400 on crap. But thanks for asking.
You really not following me back yet? Like now u must be to cool for me haha. I want to catch up babe. Stop being an ass to me :(
- giving the Big12-4+2 credit 4 anything...hmm..I can't bring myself 2 do that just yet. Glad it doesn't matter anymore.
Consider applying for the Samuel Proctor Oral History Program’s fall undergraduate internship program. Applications due: April 20th.
As someone who absolutely hates American Idol, in all of its forms, I am really enjoying The Voice so far. It has a very different feel.
Gonna be on '90210' this week - Tuesday, 8pm on the CW. My scenes are with the awesomely cool Check it out!
Y do niggaz have kids but dnt take care of em sorry ass nigga
Dressed and ready
The lowest home insurance policy is not always the best investment.
hilarious avatar! You have a great sense of humor & are making a positive impact in New England one tweet at a time.
Videos also increase views on Press Releases
#Rogation Tuesday: pray for commerce and industry in our communities!
CEO Jeff Chow "the apple and android editorial teams are very aggressive about featuring apps" #xcmobile”
thanks for being a team player. Could've switched numbers!!
your booth looked great (as usual :). So glad we ran into you!
RT Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart. Not someone who plays with it.
you should tweet more. <3
Everyone thanks you for picking up all of the Vodka Sauce.
Woody wins. Has only been to the #Oscars once after the 9/11 attacks. He was personally asked to be there to support New York.
Im happy for you
Completely changed my hair ideas for this summer again. Should be cool :D
I miss you, too! We need an Entourage night, stat!
Top notch work even making picks when you have a new kid to worry about! Who's he cheering for today?
she's got you whipped and you guys wont ever date.. lmfao and im the dumbass ?
yep, great movie. It'll make you hungry tho
Okay...SO that was a fun day. How's everybody else doing today?
Same here the mouths on the kids is shocking and alot of them are talking to the parents that way.
If you love someone, tell them, because hearts are often broken by words left unspoken.
My english teacher is in love with me. Lol hmm....
haha thanks Coach! I'll hit you up tomorrow.
yeah with ur boys yeah most likely to be expected
I preach good shampoo rotation as much as the next straight guy, but these days I'm sticking with Garnier Fructis. It's a darn good 'poo.
Good luck on your filming. I'm sure you pass your assesment
Called the ginger wendys employer Wendy. She yelled at me
omg I fucking hate you.
Matter is the measurement of consciousness
Thats normal i guess ? haha (: . Where do you live ? Sorry if thats like weird like "WHERE DO YOU LIVE" ?!?!
on what grounds? Not in conference (obvi) or on schedule. Just seems spiteful. NCAA needs to regulate transfer stipulations
I love how people think that whenever women of a certain age have news to share. LOL.
Woohoo! Thanks for being a fan! What's your favorite sauce?
burned 252 calories doing 32 minutes of "Running 11-min mile with hills"
Jamie please try to have a concert in new York soon. I really want to be my first concert, you guys are amazing!
but Jess I was always yours 
It amazes me how much my life has turned around in a year..
"You pay tithes... but you have overlooked the weightier demands of the Law, justice and mercy and good faith...Blind guides!"
What the? Lmao!
Tuck's work is good. Definitely on the reading list!
I know! Unbelievable!!! #allheart “: GO KIM!!! Clijsters wins the second set after saving 4 match points... #AusOpen”
#Mumbai to #Newark flight was annoying! Loved sitting in 95 degrees for 3,5 hours b4 they'd let me in terminal. Home swt home. #USA!
I'd rather live in a Washington, Marvel universe than a Washington, D.C. universe.
Is there some magic setting/preference I can enable to stop iChat/Messages from launching on Mac B when I get an IM on Mac A? SO annoying
Do you have a URL for your presentation materials? Congrats that it went so well, so you and D. Padgett.
Happy Mother's Day To All The Wonderful Mom's!
Cris Carter. Stop.
love gene simmons!
I spent 2 hours bicycling. 1,524 calories burned.
Here we go!
Have you seen today's Google doodle yet? Touching:)
Sonya, why not come to our place next time? I have an excellent recipe for frozen pizza.
Early morning trip to #DIA, safe travels it was a fabulous weekend! Starting the day off with a little sculpting
flow tigher than a dick in the butt
No problem :D
ASDFGHJKL ME TOO. D:
Happy Easter! Take some time for reflection today and remember to count your blessings.
Called another 900 number to offer a woman with a sexy voice a podcast job, she was so excited she broke character. Very off-putting.
Yes, Shawn is twitter-less. But, we still wanted to welcome him!
What's your real tumblr? I know you have one, I just don't know what it is.
Mami will be doing stand up on Monday at Carolines @ 7pm! I hope you can make it, it is gonna be fun:-)
ugh, bitch wtf yuh looking at !
oh pattie and justin (':
now I feel all poopy. I don't think I've ever spoiled anything before except milk. :(
how true that is. say it a few days ago.. it's the best!
lol yea bro how u been
It was pretty amazing and useful for parking meters too....
That Lecrae tape really Heavy G's..'Welcome To H'Town' Needs A Video/Promo Its A Hit
I hate closin wen I don't feel good imma take meds and go straight to sleep :(
Miss Riley finally caught the chicken!!!
Thanks for visiting us ! What time are your programs? Some of our staff would love to stop by sometime soon!
Christmas day and i'm wearing shorts? #Ohmy :p
Meet author Roger DeBlanck as he discusses his historical novel, The Ramos Brothers Trust Castro and Kennedy @ 6 pm Wednesday @ Gibson Lib.
cause bitches will be bitches hahaha
Finally my bed!! woo dont i love to jump on you..
Congratulations to our friends at The Show for an incredible first year!
the fact that you can rap Nicki minaj makes me love you even more :)
Tweeting is like talking to a wall..
I love that pic!
cannot think of anyone more annoying to follow than a radio dj
brb, I'll head up there now to get it
Going to the Hollywood Farmer's Market. Gonna see what its all about. Hope I can find some interesting foods.
Looks like Zooey.
God save us.
Giving up chocolate and alcohol here in DC!
cats are annoying. at least mine is
Put the banana dessert on the menu at Woodfire, pretty please!
I already saw Raw
Thank you Mom
Thanks for the additional information and congratulations on the sale! Keep an eye out for future Sperry Van Ness deals
I love how I never do anything wrong at home but I'm always the one getting in trouble
Don't get too far behind. Work a little bit everyday and stay on top of the work. Easiest thing to fall behind, hard to catch up.
At the release of Leisure Beer, a new session craft that is brewed at the Delafield Brewhaus and will soon be in mke. (Delafield Brewhaus)
Looking LOVE! is looking for your photos of their walls, you at their walls, you in their merch & your creative us of merch
to all who have started following me because has: I am SO boring. I just retweet 'cause he's my nephew.
Over 5k activists, and 150 new volunteers, join for a conference call! We're looking good...but more work to come!
I love true tv lol
Intros were about all they did right today...yikes! Hope our Rockies fare better.
Spent 3 hours today unearthing our house from the snow ... got 18 inches here, huge drifts all over.
Are you going to be at tonight's reception? #ENT12 If so, see you there!
Best nap ever!
I got a hair cut today! :)
: why pick on the one player that has no chance to play?
Tomorrow, kicks off #RecessFridays! Don’t miss out when we give away 100 by !
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together. ;P
oh yeah, that counts for something. Glad to see Oliver is anxious to return as Duncan.
Agree!! Most folks criticize celebrities, politicians and personalities. Definitely a little jealousy there.
nothing chump what's good with u
Got to love diners! ": "Have we made culinary decisions?"-Old Man at diner for the fifth time tonight."
bitch i don't know why your skippinghave to go there and sit and actually talk to one another even tho we all hate eachother
Damnit! You're right!
lol. That's hilarious!! I never watched it as a kid either. My big brother did. I used to sing the opening song all the time!
Damn you Stoke! You have nothing to play for!
I'm hoping that brings Mingo & Itasca in little Vikings dog sweaters to the bill signing ceremony.
I cringe when I hear people say, "Web 3.0"
This #survivor is kinda boring so far. I guess I like co-ed tribes better.
MIles of DISD: I think we need to backward plan. We more ed past high school, different skills based on job openings.
conversely...he's a kid. Or was a kid. Just not exactly sure what you're hunting for.
man support me and doe new song share it Dallas ant fine never get on if we don't support each other newyungin
Art is made to disturb. Science reassures. There is only one valuable thing in art: the thing you cannot explain. -Georges Braque
If your paper's certified, you know the new fibers in it are from forests responsibly managed. #sandiego SOS Printing is FSC certified
I'm all about the #rain as long as it means a cooler
Yeah I know!
Why is it the moment you stop caring is the moment they start.
Don't you just want to tell them to STFU?
mhm keep laughing ur arm won't be the only thing u icing lol
I agree, it becomes tiring to look at all the overly sexy avatars.
Happy #FF to new #travel pals
3 hours and 15 minutes till the narwhals start baconing...
"And I could've married a fireman and had two kids." "EWE, oh no!"
We gave my mom possibly the most amazing mothers day :>
4 year old birthday parties are surprisingly brutal affairs when you stuff 33 kids into 4 bouncy houses for an hour.
dont forget states have prisons too!
@ The South Florida Wedding Show at Broken Sound Club, Boca Raton
Omg amanda and robert are so cute i cant get over it! <3
What am I going to do for summer vacation?
sounds pretty great...
RT Why Didn't the Internet Take Off In 1983?: jfruh writes "An amazing pair of videos from the AT&T archives tout a......
I forgot u so bad Right ? *Sarcastic statement lol
East coast calls bay bee!!
Listen Jims steak out has a buy one get one free promotion as of right now. Specifics are as follows :
#AAM2011 Online fever session: student suggestion: GRE should be used to sift students and assure quality.
We've got some extra boxes left -- maybe I WILL do it tomorrow.
love u too
These allergies are killing me #hatebeingsick😷
Beechwood returns opening kick for TD
That feeling that makes you want to throw up <<<
I like the tin can effect....brings me back a few dozen years...you need to get the samsung galaxy I then..
my dad just did 1000+ sf basement remodel, it was mine if I wanted. just didn't have the time. installing the faucet on the vanity.
Life is short.. Make your hugs long and say I love you every day!
I just drove from Racine to Milwaukee without brakes using my parking brake to stop....WHEW......Thank God I Made It
I'm beginning to think the first lady is a bit of a sociopath...
Top dream tags: Mom Christmas, Mistress, Cops, Tiger, Eminem, Lady Gaga, Having Sex, Hell, David Boreanaz, Zombies -
love that vid - saw it on !
Been thinking about one of those for our Charley to remedy carsickness. Let me know if it works.
And...EXHALE.
Get up a get get getdown... 9-1-1 is a joke in yo town
Has anyone been upgraded from the #NASASocial #SpaceX waitlist?
same here..
North Carolina: Where u can marry ur cousin, just not ur gay cousin
Already the worst day ever
That was pretty stunning, eh? Digging out my old 2pac & Digital Underground albums today. :)
accordions, mandolins and whiskey - who could ask for more? www.rhubarbwhiskey.com
if I got a team USA jersey, could I go to the Blue Line to get Johnson put on the back?
well shit there goes my whole day damn
Omg! No! #Parenthood is my favorite show! Why oh why! :'(
Is doing the Cupid shuffle in my kitchen with my nieces... With candles burning and the lights out.
Fit Fact: Make fruit part of your day. Buy a fruit bowl, pre- package your favorite snacks, and throw an apple into your bag for a snack.
we're excited to host 2012 Duke Zeibert Award Event tonight.
Thanks for the follow.
I forwarded the announcement to code4lib
this my only day off this week. I'm relaxing!
loved this, but it's but me. Reminds me why I do what I do.
I absolutely will ;)
... at three outlets in town. Welcome to SD! ( is great too. He's leaving soon but I bet he'll b back.)
couldn't believe webbie was on the headphones he couldn't of been older than seven.
#thought- If everyone collectively knows to shop on "Black Friday," won't that increased demand increase prices, counteracting any discount?
Shout out to my followers! Thanks for the love!
RT : is our Systems/Strategies and incredible Biz Guru!!:)
CHECK OUT OUR NEW SONG "SKY ON FIRE" ft. at www.inspireandinfect.com let us know what you think!!
Another day another dollar getting ready for work
We need to come to God just as we are!! He already knows everything about you so be real with God!
i was just watching a guy on who wants to be a millionaire and that was the million dollar question...
“When the economic outlook requires us to do so,” the central bank will employ a series of tools to tighten policy" Ben Bernanke (rates Up)
didn't take long for the room to fill with dust, and these four walls came down around us.
I wanna goo fishing..... But i can't find my rod :'/ and no one to fish with
Congrats to for your Toys R Us placement!
damn didn't expect that many. Preciate it.
I'm embarrassed by how much I laughed at that tweet.
Got advance copy of 's new disc last nite from . Seeing concerto 2morrow night.
Live. Love. Dance!
i know! and il try sir
I wish life was simpler sometimes.
Hahaha, I have perfected this : ) RT Putting polish on skin where a toenail should be. Trust me, it works.
The only thing I use my student ID for anymore is to get half off at Qdoba on Tuesdays.
16 pounds down
yea they are it's gonna be a tough series
AM headlines : Stocks up, Tournament moments away, no straight story on how bad the radiation leak is, Oklahoma could be the top NBA team
#highfashion and im wearing something just like that to the concert!
I wonder if I could save more than 15% on my car insurance if Geico wasn't paying for so many fucking commercials?
C'Ville Plugged In! A website that helps raise money for good things! Join me & the fabulous @ the talkin' table. CBS19
I like the pick.
follow us on : htownsneakersummit
Goodnight KC Soccer Fans
RT : Q1: What does your Chapter do to transition new leadership?
In its brief course lie all the Verities and Realities of your Existence
This asshole just said Boston is better than the Spurs. LMAO!!!!!!!! Fuckin idiot.
RT aye tweeps follow they need some more followers!!!!??? Retweet as well plz and thank you!!! :)
It was taking too long to pick the onions out of my salad, so I just didn't eat dinner.
Library shelf signage looks great! I especially like the images and quotes for Victorian Poetry and Chaucer :-)
I see so many of dem on jerry springer all da time hahahahahaha.
There's some charity event w/ a live band here at the Texas Spirit. Guess you can dance while you wait to get in. Or not.
If your out shopping at The Fashion Mall or Kohls stop in for breakfast or lunch!
#SinceWeBeingHonest: This #trend was clearly started by a black person. A white person would say: #SinceWeAreBeingHonest. Both annoying.
My life isn't perfect, but it has its perfect moments.
People don't notice how much you love and care for them until you stop.
Discussion on Fab Melo ineligibility breaking news. Panel was trying to advance the story and engage the audience.
You know Im sick when I refuse icecream with my bff just to go home and sleep
thanks for the follow! We're big fans of On Course.
Tantalum Chip Capacitors From AVX Now Deliver Higher CV Than X5R Dielectric Ceramic Devices
btw hunger games instead of watching final four?
Are yhu trying to make yhur #mahomies cry???? I'm balling my eyes out😭😭 !! I love yhur new song
want ta go to the game tommorow!
really when I got home I saw your text and didn't even wanna try after that I was so annoyed w/out my car .. O wells
A proposal in the FL House would reduce financing to colleges by $250 mil next year & allow universities to increase tuition by 8-to-15%
"vanessa, you ohkay? need to go to the nurse??" heres me : " #ROFLcatz " #boom 
and haha I don't Brandon don't make me tweet Matt lol jk
#LAMHarvard SChapman: let's first expose the issue of governance of aggregators... Many aggregators-- but dpla seems quite broad.
Scratching a face-itch with a pen: important to check for proper capping FIRST// GIve yourself a 'stache or just a whisker?
fina go back home , ugh!
Enjoy Vegas?!
I just met you, and this is crazy. But heres my number. Call me maybe?
Finally saw The Descendents. Good, but the Hawaiian land trustee head coming to terms with a cheating wife in a coma flick is done to death.
I need a combination of popular tools - , Mozbar, SEOBook bar and for Chrome, SEO Site Tools extension
is playing in Chattanooga Friday! @ Rhythm & Brews opening for Space Capone!
Had a great lunch with my #NCC colleagues for the last day of my internship. Thanks, everybody, it really has been a great experience.
How so? Centaur is half man/half horse, a pony boy.
you said it! that show is a guilty pleasure; it's ridiculous!
Minutes away from Newt Gingrich taking the stage for Marquette Rally.
I actually won a game of Disney scene it. I've never felt more accomplished in my life.
good how are you?
I say that all the time to my 2nd graders and they look at me like I am crazy! :)
While you were sleeping, Magic Johnson and his buddies made a $2 billion purchase. HINT: It wasn't made on Amazon.
Wow, Greg, look at you staring back at me from this morning's Recognition well deserved!
I like FF Crystal Chronicles. But its only fun multiplayer. Which reminds me... I should have done WW2PVG yesterday.
Da whole park dead
Big ups to for producing the new spring tanks. Rage with him at #CowboysThursday!
"steeler of best friend!"
I think I lost my voice....😳
iAsked God To Protect Me From My Enemies & iStarted Losiing Friends .
My man Andy petite back on the mound a beautiful site to see
If we don't step forward...we will always be in the same place. ~Nora Roberts~
it's okay :/ haha
thank you!
First snow of the winter. Tonight! Lucky Bone cd release w/ Asumaya (Madison) and Golden Coins at 9pm. $5 riverwestpublichouse.org
jammin out to drake's...november 18th......smokin a fat blunt.....
