how do you know they play sat??
you're welcome!
RT THRONE SO HARD
Some are just better at hiding it then others.
Fact of the day RT The Frisbee was invented today in 1946
if you guys played better you guys would have swept us
This mix I finished Sunday has me ready to get in full character to dance; good music does that :-)
"words will be just words 'til you bring them to life. " - ~Another World
The first track that introduces #BrighamYoung in #zanzibarIII is going to blow minds I can feel it. :)
And they say the Recession is over? "Broke homeowner grows food in pool"
Good Morning
just sayin'! I love that song! Lol
Hey ..... saw you in Somerset. That's a big puffy jacket!
RT : Free public records live webinar May 30 - Know The Players: Researching People Using Westlaw PeopleMap...
Home from a great vacation/holiday in Vancity. I miss my bed and look forward to a long sleep. Then will be ready to bring in the New years.
Currently talking with potential volunteers & interns at P2B Talent Network event!
your back in miami right ?
u seriously at the hospital
Looks like it was a wonderful #wcrva day, so sad to have missed it. Maybe next year it won't be the same day as
Life's like an hourglass glued to the table.
Did you see the Bonnaroo Line Up????
Watched the Celts lose now flying to Portland - go OKC!!!
My dick is like an accent mark, it's all about the over e's
I recommend the book Restavec by Jean-Robert Cadet. Powerful, moving, inspirational story abt Haitian child slave & his quest for normalcy.
E'ery day we jostle in our hearts!
Drinking my green tea,and looking over my plan book
I made it home in time. Why? It's time. HA-HA!
I gotta do something about these Muscle Spasms! Smh!😁😠
People change like the weather.
Did he have a stroke at halftime RT : Did Dakich just say UNC is THE BEST TEAM IN THE COUNTRY and guarding that rim? #Serious?
Rodger Dodger. Let the #HausOfDiamond get you together.
Sterling Nature Center Celebrates National Poetry Month
can every1 follow me plz if you are not already
": My middle name is not Jacob!!!"
Everyone hates me.
Most people know what to do but few people do what they know.
Can't wait forever.
Karl may be good coach, but he is a very poor looser. When he wins, it's all good. When he looses he whines abt anythin&everythin.
Got a brand new piercing brand new tat paid 95 dollars for this weave plus tax BOW
"well, it's a BLUE ball". I've watched #ChristmasStory every year for 28 years and tonight is the first time I heard that joke!
Tomorrow's HOME-BASED BUSINESS SHOW - how to Organize your business! Great tips on how to clear up the clutter! www.worldtalkradio.com
Congrats on the Heaney Papers & laughter at gentle dig at Emory (as an Emory alumn inspired by their Irish Lit collections)
Hey! It only takes a second! Follow us on twitter!
I'm going to be a dirty kid for a day one day, and see who talks to me. Lmfao proves who my true friends are. O.o
A7. Yoga pants...they're the closest thing to heaven I've found. And T-shirts. :)
so cool! Awesome.
GREYSONS GONNA PREFORM IN NYC OMG IM CRYING LAWWWDDD WHERE DO I GET TICKETS?!?!?
Anthony Lopez is a classic.
prodigy is on the top of my Christmas list
still no just tel me here?
Good publish or perish session at #alise11 #alise2011 Main advice: just do it (and don't sleep).
2012 marks 31 years since the discovery of HIV. 65 mil people infected, 30 million died from the virus that wrecked havoc on the world
That's next...RT : Sarah Phillips has taken some righteous heat. But shouldnt ESPN/whoever hired her sight unseen be skewered?”
Strip By-Chris Brown <3
kinda love those songs.. shot for me by Drake is good too :D
Man when u find the rite person take a chance no matter if they can't be real
I KNOW RIGHT?!?!?! I'm like so upset at myself!!!
Mayor Gray and Council Reach Agreement on D.C. Healthcare Alliance... will continue services provided through the D.C. Healthcare Alliance.
: same here, nice to meet you
RT : Absolutely! RT : Arent 90% of our performance problems really hiring problems anyway? < Only 90%?
I'm good you?
Awesome! MT : Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual & Transgender Community Center of Colorado raised more than $50,000 in
Glad I was able to watch. It gives the fans a perspective we never get to see. Thanks for doing the show!
My iPad just spilled off the table and hit the tile floor. My heart hurts. It now has an ugly scar. :(
American Idol is something I can't keep up with. First 4 were great. That said, there will only be 1 Kimberley Locke
We can be happy without a man you know
likewise! Thanks for stopping by!
Brad just got bitch slapped by miss piggy...wth
Looks like I have three months to watch the online backup wars shake out before I bail on
Thanks for talking me down from the edge.
“: give one or two items a try, see how you like them, come back if your happy-quality is unmatched, you will feel amazing” yay!!
BOOM goes the dynamite!! CATS CATS CATS!!
Lol at my moms excuse for not letting me go out, my liscence expired and we have no insurence its not like I havent been driving like that
If you aint freaking we aint speaking. "You think im playing? No im not!
Kid next to me just ripped ass
Da Say wat Goes UP Must comes down -wat goes around must comes back around Real Nigga shyit wooldi
#YouKnowLifeisGreatWhen... You can have a glass of scotch at the end of a long hard day.
Michael S. Smith on The Martha Steward Show this morning. Great show showcasing new book on kitchen and baths! Fabulous ideas!!
nah it's gotta be a natural cause.
yea i know.. That was scary huh?
& can't forget the non stop cough that has me awake!
Do I really need to hollar?
Thinking of things I coulda done differently, which is everything..
Digging out at work and trying to absorb everything I learned last week about digital curation...
can't wait till i film this new video (:
I've tried! Can't seem to sync up our tasting schedules.
The desire for a richer, fuller more abundant life is praisworthy.
I am so excited. Love your funny comments.
Danny uploaded it on his Facebook.
Meeting so many nice people(:
he is terrible
The Treasury will lose $1billion bc GOP House failed to authorize funding fr the FAA prior to taking their Aug vacation.
#NF follow back
but I be textin you all da time! You gotta hmm once in a while!
#cg12 was a blast. Highlight of my night was getting a hug from onstage. Democracy is successfully rebooted!
when did excel change their chart wizard to make it suck so much?
hehehehe >:D my jelly bean is cuter <3333
Fixing dinner and waiting for and everyone else to get here to talk about
take care of her today -- but u guys are good... U always take care of her! Love u guys!
probably an hour and a half. Northwest of Milwaukee
Miami, FL- need females for promo work. No nudity. Pay is 15 dollars per hour (Casting Code B3)
Thanks for coming to visit our exhibit yesterday! We appreciate the support.
jk your nerves will just freeze, die and you won't have feeling or control in your feet lmao
Your why I'm moving to florida.
Impressed with the level of commitmnt here. Twice now I assumed teams were MBAs that were actually undergrads
. read something other than that Bible. My face interests you? Not into guys tho. You'll remain a virgin.
sage advice. I tell people to work on a journal or be a research assistant for the editing experience!
lmaoo , been out here on the Low. How u been for Splack ?
Wouldn't want to have to clean that house! RT : think u got the sq ftage wrong there mr prime 20,743? thats an estate
Gates for a first 16 yard pickup
”Deep in my heart I am warrior...”---Eddie Grant
How's it going at Regionals?!
MALAYSIA PRESS-RBS to advise foreign clients on sukuk issuances-The Malaysian Reserve
Enjoying the weekend #SouthFlorida? Get a jump start on Monday & order your #uniforms, #embroidered apparel & printed tees today! 8772449913
my favorite Norah song fa sho
Don't make the same mistake twice, sir. We're watching.
yea get on my level mf lol
Drop memberships? RT : You can try, butnursing organizations are not too responsive to membership
hahaha have fun! But not too much fun ;P
Why hello there fair weather friend
Beautiful Monday morning!
Got my bf to start watching Tin Man with me! I'm a happy girl, very much in the land of #Oz as I'm also #reading #graphicnovel Ozma of Oz
Vargas keeps looking down to Wedge & co.: What do I do with a 5-run lead? No one knows.
i just took everything off my computer ... no music no pictures no anything and it moves like lightning power
#Tip: Synthetic or human hair? First time you’re buying extensions? Human hair lasts longer&looks better. Virgin human hair can be reused.
Artists, take your presentation as serious as your art. I'm at a cafe where photos are mounted on plywood.
not getting my eyebrows did till it's closer to my birthday, they grow back so fast!
but he doesn't remember or doesn't know where he was during that time!
I think it's about time for a snowy Friday the 13th walk...
Really wish I was in #Omaha could really got for some #CaliTaco right about now!
#11nb Fleet/Albemarle, I think 8:35 arrived at 8:23. Could be previous bus late though, not sure just FYI to riders
Ask them about their crime fighting.
the peeps pun was slightly intended in staying with the theme of easter... heheh!
RT : excellent job tonight. Such a powerful story! Thank you. // Those kids are amazing. Thanks for the note.
hahaha all the new thinking...love it!
Paragon Real Estate Group of San Francisco Ranked as Top Real Estate Agency by RealTrends
John Canzano is back tonight for Sports Sunday! Tweet us your sports questions and we'll answer on the air.
lol no reason to be sorry. Haven't heard from ya lately...things good?
problem is word on the street is game is at 6 PM ! And it's 9 fucking 30 AM
Witnesses report a person with a shotgun in Lockwood Library. UB Police say stay away from the building.
Knowing that my best friend Celeste comes to school crying every morning cause her parents abuse we just makes me wanna cry
that she is! That chick is da truth!! Keep pressin...you'll get what u r supposed 2 have in due time! MUCH SUCCESS TO YOU
Let's get this win today
yah that seems crazy. Hunger Games is good and all...but is better
CAKE DECORATING PIPING SCROLLS DESIGNS amp TECHNIQUESHOW TO MAKE ROYAL ICING RECIPEWEDDING CAKES - cake decorating ideas
Phew! I thought you were going to say Keith Mitchell.
Just woke from a dream in which I married Maybe it's a prophecy, guys!
Well said.
Ash Wednesday and we are gonna be slammed at work. :(
It was brewery only release, I didn't even try it this year myself.
- Now following thanks to my boy and . Keep up the good work!
Anyone in the know: does Qdoba in the Highlands have free wifi? This is vital to my life.
Forget about the people in your past... they didn't make it to your future for a reason!
ok, lots to do this weekend. Today, I'll start with (a) finishing my table of contents and (b) figuring out the correct way to cite images.
I joined the dark side. 👿
hey how are you? I am doing good I hope that you have a good day and talk to you later Sharon
"sometimes I take the bus home/just so I can touch home" Common -- early morning stroll in the space that sets my mind right
Look at the debt ceiling in your home. We have to become better managers in our home.
What would it be like to live in a country where you're not expected to live past the age of 39?
Good morning, everyone! Who's excited for the #LIW event at "The Vic" this morning?? See you soon!
I'll keep saying it... My new LP is gonna be FIRE!
That's the nicest thing I've ever heard! Thanks! “: If it rained happiness, I wish you a storm. Happy New Year!”
Wonderful presentation, thanks for sharing!
YOUR BITCH IS EVERYBODY'S BITCH
i'm aware! i've heard you sing plenty of times before.
Great hump-day, Welcome
You keep saying "Stop twisting my words" but all I hear is "Yosemite Sam needs a watermelon". /via
Don't forget: Anyone who supports #Obama2012 also thought John Edwards was a fine choice in 2004.
Let's give this twitter thing another shot. Headed to the Chicago Cultural Center in a bit to hang out with Chicago Area Archivists!
Thanks so much for following! :)
Something interesting Something interesting Something interesting Something interesting Something interesting
Half day!
Thanks for stopping in today!
Sorry I didn't get back to you 'till now. Shoot me an email if you like: ryan (at) thebashamcompany (dot) com
Canadian Embassy screenings. Just saw several fantastic films for International Warrior Night! Great tribute to those in uniform.
“: Follow me back? :D #TeamBreezy” *Followed ! :)
Ha, thanks for putting a 'face' to her name!
BC basketball. Plain and simple.
yep, they just dropped my daughter off. Those ladies rock! And you're welcome!
No thanks I'll just brag now while I can.
All 6 flavors of Brew Dr. Kombucha plus our seasonal one, Jasmine Lavender, are all guaranteed ON TAP at our Hollywood Tea Bar in PDX!
I have decided to take my talents to the JJP freshman team
omg. Who is that precious creature and when can I meet her??
What a perfect day for a #Detroit 'Jeffsin slurrpeeee run!?
Ima make you shine bright like you layin in the snowww
“: we are carrying pinkel as well, snyder if we can get proper feed...” you need the CNN via sat for the latter
put your rhymes on the altar, burn them as a sacrifice #KRS #nowplaying D&D Allstars
Rooting for the ex-Hawks on Florida, but I think we'll see a Nashville VS Philly Stanley Cup finals. #Blackhawks #
Biggest pet peeve.....guys who flirt with MY girl friends even after knowing that she's NOT single
What is tech *cock*tail without the balls? Incomplete. You complete me.
he's obviously not happy being a salesman and jealous of athletes! I guess he wasn't early enough or often enough! Haha
No. Email finally came through though
Do you think that if dogs and cats made porn there would be a category called Tail Play?
Gettin our swell on.
My ass hurts
Stand next to a "no standing" sign because you want to look like abadass
This pain in my brain, is prolly because I got slave in my vains!
ah I understand. I have a lot of fun at my job and sometimes I get flak for it :)
Would you like your Internet sales transactions to climb from 1900 to 13,400 in 1 year? Just one example of what a Flyline campaign can do.
Great meeting you at the Maya Angelou Schools event. Thanks for the Follow and the retweets. :>)
I am brand new...I think I am following RIFKA now...Right?
awww boo I'm gonna miss you too! #LoveYou :)
well I know I'm a sexy beast. I don't know about all these other guys
Happy birthday willie mays!
That sucks like burning books in the 50's
#thankful for our 1700 #followers in the last couple days:)
I can't sleep :(
#FF READ GOOD STUFF
Vevo, buffering is for dial-up, and no one has that anymore. Hurry the fuck up.
I see you @ home for the holidays I see!
you sound like my wife and how she uses folders....or doesn't.
Great cover! And you're with a very good publisher. Thanks for the follow.
A momma duck and her ducklings were stranded on a median on a busy street. Two drivers blocked traffic allowing them to cross. 1 was me!
My first tweet in a long time is about my cat.
RT: Hey and friends- anyone on Goodreads? Love to be friends! (I'm MissGinger)
Just spent time with #UC Irvine Coach Russ Turner. He has done a great job with the #Anteaters and has big things planned for the future!
Please somebody tell the Patriots the match already started... Time to play.
:/ Dont feel so great ABOUT ANYTHING!!!
sounds good. You got my number?
Christmas in 25 days!!!
Hello party ppl in Woodstock! Come check me out (upscale wine bar) I will be spinning the hottest dance tracks!
always in my prayers.
RT : Yesterday, we saw more than 600,000 signups. It took us more than *16 months* to reach the first 600,000 Twitter accounts.
Very upset when I learned that Emily Blunt was married to Jim Halpert
And absolutely STUNNING.
Death is the tyrant of the imagination.
Really nervous for tomorrow.
Thanks to the kind folks at Apple - my computer is working again and they saved me $1000 in repair costs even though out of warranty.
please help people to start following me bro, this musician won't upload a real pic of himself till he reaches 1000 followers
I hope North Carolina does the right thing today. And in this case, the right thing means the left thing.
Listening to #nashfashweek is in full swing!
Woohoo! Go Tina! Not yet. I'm a Williamson County resident, can I still vote? I'll look into it.
yes, it's very cool to spend time with relatives, especially at such a fair holiday. by the way, hi. :)
Gr8 advice. RT : Our experience indicates most successful leaders r flexible in how they influence & communicate with others.
Love conquers all things.~ Virgil
Lol! I just double checked & it turns out the chick my husband thought was was just some spunky brunette w/a fork in her hand!
There's nothing like San Antonio in the summer time! Especially if you're along the River Walk. We'd love to host you!
Anyone have a gift idea for the enthusiast in your life, hoping to get an accessory for under $250?
Wow that hurt, not to mention I was sweating like a whore in church
Riding on the excitement generated by our Chicago conference, looking forward to San Diego, June 14-15 www.artofsciencelearning.org
Smile, for everyone lacks self-confidence and more than any other one thing a smile reassures them. Andre Maurois
Pisses me off how mom comes in and tells me to clean causes shes been working all day and is to tired.when she sits all day at work.
Is he mad at me? Idk what's going on..
If you cool with being taken down or giving up your lifestyles a blow job the way of living sucks ..
sure why not?
it is not long till we see Eric
Pandora Radio is legit my life <3
:( so sad... And why r u going to bloom
Good things come to those who wait :-) Psalm 37:9
Visiting Tulsa, where's a great place to play golf?
Working on resizing format for newsletter..
#IWishTheyWouldBringBack tails to mens fashion. Who doesn't love tails? maybe canes and top hats too.. :)
RT : Too many new podcasts to listen to. are up & i heard a rumor...
Thanks! Great point: Just as folks come into the museum world from many diff. paths, a museum job can lead to other paths too.
It's a slippery slope, my friend. Don't forget to always start with "I'm sorry.."
Well, I guess you can. But don't have too much fun without me.
do you know if 07 world series win & subsequent tix & merch sales helped #RedSox recoup their posting fee for Dice-K?
and are opening a restaurant together. Um, I'd like a Braun/Rodgers sandwich please! OH!
I'm contemplating doing that... slowly. Might need to speak to you about your experiences at some point.
have any raleigh friends looked at the 10-day weather outlook? go. and be thrilled!
All the Colors of the Wind. Obviously.
My scientific hypothesis is that it's like a billion % humidity today.
ladies of ABQ we will be accepting your applications for Miss Rock the Ink at a location near you- check www. rocktheink.net for more info!
DONE! Time to get 2 hours of sleep before band camp yay im gunna be a bitch tomorrow, but thats okay is always a bitch..jk
Thanks for the shout outs!
The most beautiful woman in the world.
Ass ass ass ass ass ass
“: Gotta make it back to the city for the aids walk” !!
congrats!! Yes I will send you a FB message on nuun!
So goodnight and love you both♥
What worked? QC, interoperability, support.
----happy holidays!!!
Ayers says the DOE should be commended for their dedication to subgroup accountability
hi! Haha, no "more" cupcakes, but more treats to come throughout the week- stay posted!
we don't live in our fears but we definitely live in our hopes.
thank you! :)
So.. When is MTV gonna actually show music videos again? Get your shit together..GJ6
#GoTribe The Royals are weaker than Grady Sizemore's knees.
Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. Hannah...Hi (:
That's one way to decide!
Last chance to grab cabins on the June 5th sailing of Allure of the Seas! DM me now for more info cabins almost gone at these prices.
Members Card Indians ML +120 (15 units)
the truth? What truth? Please don't tell that he isn't really jolly!
Steve Blake is the biggest coward ever, guy never takes contact, belongs playing pop warner basketball
Random but Hot?? :) RT : Smokin Hot Aces at the Venetian. It was so random. LOL...
The tape almost done...well da songs at least thinkn bout doin one more jam
One of the surest bets in Super Bowl history is siding with the field goal/safety when it comes to what the first score of the game will be!
am not in nyc today unfortunately.
Got the book! Thanks so much!
This Friday we'll be shooting a demo video for all our upcoming shows and info! Be sure to stay tuned!
Can a man write erotica? My first synopsis came out as 'hey, she has great knockers and he likes them'. Think I stick with thriller genre.
I miss my best guy friend. :/
thanks love! <3
Cmon Rangers your holding up the Red WIngs chances to seduce Parise
It's all about houndstooth this fall! A men's topcoat and skinny pant boasting the traditional yet hip print a hit at Custo Barcelona.
#LiesBeccaTellMe ''i would never make you sleep on the floor!''
God know..LoL.:D
Another Sunny day in Minnesota gotta luv them, we only get about 30 lol
"There was a wild Carnival – spiraling, blinking, blinding and terrible at the Dawn of Being..." now available through the Underground.
such a nice sunny day in #chicago - spring is that you!?
second fire near our house in less than 30 days. House still smells of smoke. geez.
Hey, I would have selected you #1. Happy shooting.
forgot you were on FB! Error corrected.
“: Fur is cruel, but I'll make an exception for that Carfax fox.”
A law that made it illegal to lie about military medals has just been overturned. Also, my resumé just got interesting.
I Know! Haha yeah , 2012 ftw though. I can't believe its already a new year.
Just landed #Union Station. The space shuttle is over. Now is time for have a Ficelle
Lots of things need to be thought over… 30 mile walk tomorrow… This should be quite the adventure
yea ive been too busy to plan that far ahead. im gonna try to sneak a couple late brews in and see how they go;
There's nothing worse in life than the complicated as hell freeway system in Los Angeles.
how iZ my son doing
Happy Mothers day everyone with yours Mommys
we might drop a preview... Maybe :o. Don't wanna give too much away before the official release!!
did you get your answer about what a 45 is?
mention me for a #FollowBack tho ! .
Bank wheeling and dealing in WA has been in a lull. An obvious reason is that the worst of the sick banks have been put out of their misery.
Hi and how have you been?
Silly is right. Some mean well but some are just plain bothered when ppl are happy in a way they can't understand.
"Since I am a cancer, and the animal sign is a crab, does that mean I am going to get cancer and crabs? Cause that would really suck"
I don't care much for super heroes, so I'm glad there's plenty of good stuff coming.
#flannel fling should be a fun Yelp event tonight
In ATX @ Shoal Creek Saloon. Who Dat?!
hi Betty! Welcome!
Education is when you read the find print; experience is what you get when you dont. Pete Seeger
You're welcome! RT #MyHostFamilyIsAmazingBecause I cant find any families that can be like them in the world :) thanks AFS
Moomoo! There's a moomoo in the room!
Listening to "No women will represent Saudi Arabia at London 2012, Saudi Government prohibit women playing sport in public“.
Group Travel with www.thelime.biz
A big digital wave to the folks at #SMCA tonight watching the at the Cedar Park Center - Have fun!
The open sewer at the corner of Franklin & Vallejo streets is, without a doubt, one of the most filthy & disgraceful things in this city.
Game 7 again! GO CAPS!!
South Carolina first down ...almost ready to celebrate another win over Florida
Try the "Rowdy Yeats". Very tasty BBQ Brisket sandwich.
Me either . Ive been trying to keep a type of schedule through this unemployment yet my mind is too full at night
Bishop T.D. Jakes & and Codeblack Entertainment help Black and Missing Foundation thru campaign tied to nu film.
analogies. Analagies is, I believe, a made up word.
Just had a really great experience with customer service. I lost/misplaced my gift card, THEY apologized & got me a new one!
Practicing my British accent for tomorrow...
- It will never be doomed as long as there are young hot girls going out, guys will always spend and always have.
You know what!!!! Maturity is not when we start speaking BIG things, it is when we start understanding small things.
fuck miami heat...bring it home melo
I didn't mind losing my exacta watching take down Johnny V down the stretch. Exciting race.
Do you know if we are allowed to use our 10x10 tent frames to set up for the show tomorrow?
Good times with good people
We just finished up a 6 week tour. It was awesome! It was tiring but worth every hour of lost sleep!
because you like Sour Patch Children and not Sour Patch Kids. lololol
Thankfully my Mid-terms are over, and I got A's on all of them! I am thinking that I can handle the University of Washington!
He might be an oversharer w/ nothing to hide. Fuck those people, man. AmIright?
SFX links should work same as it did in classic UI. Check the Admin tool to confirm it has the right OpenURL settings?
What a bullshit call. Where do they find these refs? Get and on the court.
Lark Voorhies, YOU WERE BEAUTIFUL. What happened? D:
Wednesday night nerd hockey @ Netscape = exactly what you thought it might be. (awesome)
: it starts now if u can help people now dats how god blesses u to get to where u wanna be to do more..m
Where's that Stepson album at?!
Firehook Bakery has been awarded Modern Baking Magazine's annual leadership award for dedication to quality.
CF Tips 1/5: Scan your docs and store them on your office network. A scanned doc can be copied, emailed & backed up saving energy and money.
they way the Heat are playing, they don't deserve to win... Neither do the lakers tho khris! Lol
I'm named Roxanne after the character in Cyrano de Bergerac. Most people assume it's because of The Police song.
girl he came to the house... He know.. u gotta watch it... Season finale tonite
"The Complete Book Of Questions" is an excellent way to pass the time on a long drive
"not activity resulting in another kind of sentence"
Dear You will appreciate this. I'm at the plastic surgeon-no, I'm not getting a boob job-when a 1000 legger crawls past ..,
Hanging at Nuggets and Lakers practices this morning with Yes we talk to each other.
Come on.. I don't need the stress! Heat 63 Pacers 76.
DM Would you feel be willing to share your thoughts on how you would use Twitter as an instructional tool?
great seeing you too! We have to do dinner in Georgetown soon! :) I had fun!!
Hey! I've been laying low lately but ready to get out and about this weekend! What's up with YOU?
Watching the playoffs, Philly vs Boston. The scores are lower than my socks with no elastic.
Oh How I love thee! Let me count the ways! <3
yea we'll get ready
Slim Cessna's Auto Club - thanks for destroying the empty bottle last night!
Happy Birthday Austin!!! I Love You!<3
ALL BOOKS ARE NOVELS.
“: brings his rockin magic to Off the Hook this weekend! Do you have your tickets yet?”
what song should be in my video for austin and alex?:)
yh yup she loves those kinds of movies☺
Wish your car was better? Let us help on your insurance through
crunching through data, organizing for social network analysis #SNA hopefully getting closer to finishing analysis
"No one wants to hire someone in a tent." - client this morning on outreach
every time I watch you it makes me want to be a chef again.I'd love to show you my skills.I think you'd be very impressed
I really like him. <3
Indeed, I was just referring to the full mainline in general.
RT : Q1: First, Introduce yourself to the party and tell is which company you represent. (please RT)
how are you scruff
At the Richmond association of realtors forum on housing issues in the US Senate race. #policy maters
That's what's up Bro!
youll have some one day :)
I survived! Only slightly worse for wear.
Feels the need, as an exercise in developing and refining technique to enter a disciplined "Pre-Romantic" period/style.
Still getting use to TweetDeck. Now following.
AHH! He tweeted me :'D I'd die now :P OH AHH!
can I have a follow please? I've been trying for almost a year!
Yes, and he cursed at him incessantly the whole time.
Id really like to get to know her…
12-0? This is just weird. But Awesome.
If u follow me I will read all ur tweets and I will do with it says have to be followin me
First up at MCDC, Kevin Hart
#1waytopissmeoff talk politics when you can't back yourself up with facts.
lol...actually a few wrote to me..but theyre not as fiesty as these black girls writing to me..they are str8 up uneducated
Prince Fielder's bat is heretofore to be known as"The Wayback Machine"
I hate having a job.
Kudos to Miss Amber on the JAK to ATL flight. Great Delta stewardess with charisma. Played peekaboo with Jules and checked on her often.
THAT A GOOD THING!
Going for a jog is better in the #Rain or #Sun ?
Thanks Nicole! Let us know what you're looking forward to most at
Just completed an interview with Grant regarding the upcoming Untamed NE adventure race. Podcast will be posted shortly.
Albeit necessary, being practical sucks. Right ?
I predicted A.Smith becomes a legend via text to my brother before his 28 yard run! He did it twice! I predict a 6th bowl win!
Lind: One of the great intellectual pirates of history was Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton.
do you like waffffllee house? Cause I do.
Hi speed soul - Best song of the night! Holy shit
I <3 the #1DFamily...missed you all :)
If I can, I have a few things in the works that are gonna be big time.
There just 2 choice: Put me on the other room or I WILL LEAVE THIS SCHOOL !
woah. no plastic...
ok yay i love b-days
Learn to do twice the listening and half the talking and you'll make a excellent conversationalist.
Someone calling 9-1-1 from city hall elevator saying "please send help"
#FF Follow Nate the Great
Hot damn - I already loved Bill Clinton, but now he is talking NCAAMB & giving props to Rick Pitino. Be still my heart.
#UpgradeYourPhoneToLumia !! The Nokia Lumia 900 is a monster! Love the phone. Beautiful design, beautiful operating system. It's just great.
Well, it's 5:00 and I'm just now getting to my emails for the day.
Saw ~15 #wegmans trucks on ROC - NJ ride today. I wish that debonair man with the plate of carved meat was my uncle.
me too nigga
Just noticed the microwave in our workroom says cook time for a slice of pizza is 4 to 5 minutes. Seems like that could go very wrong.
reunion el domingo
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.
In its brief course lie all the Verities and Realities of your Existence
Who said corporate travel wasn't glamorous -- like a very, very low rent version of "Entourage" ;)
Thought it couldn't get any worse than it already is...OPS!!!
I would never go thru my man's phone without his permission, i believe in privacy
its on fag ! I'm moving so if i beat your shit and look like an asshole oh well !!
For those of you keeping track, Mary Kennedy does not count in the celebrity death trifecta.
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Find The Area Where God Is Showing Favor In Your Life;Place Your Attention In That Arena "
I will be watching! Lol "asshole people"... U sound like my best friend! He always says.things like that.
Buffs are going to have to defend the 3 better and Roberson can't get into foul trouble. Can't let #UofA go on a run before half.
ur welcome anytime
yes! I also like to sit there if I am by myself.
It's only Sunday Funday when froyo is involved.
Leaned a little to far in while paying at the self-check out at Jewel. It said, "Unexpected item in bagging area." It meant my bulge.
Mild : GRIND House Blend ! ! !
#eli2012 blended - Teachers like – best of both worlds, individualized, interaction, better use of F2F, reduced contact time
“: loves you....! Final product perfectly reflects your great collection. xoxox” thanks! it means a lot coming from you!
Who takes responsibility for learning? Peer "policing" of classroom distractions, students choose topics, readings, even pedagogy.
Happy Birthday Steve Jobs
That's how you knock out a number seed! #underdogs #districts #nextround!
Your body makes you sexy. Your smile makes you pretty. But your personality makes you beautiful(:
Even Kristen Wiig looks great. What the hell is happening? I need to sit down.
Focomx tonight folks
Nothing for Murray state to be ashamed of. Damn good game.
#EpicSunday Let's go #Giants!!!!!
September 1st, 2005 Memorial Anniversary Of “Katrina” - August 29th,
Overheard at wells on wells "I respect a good cableknit"
"For My power is made perfect in weakness...” 2 Corinthians 12:9
liz! Lol I sent it
Yeah, it's all about her, they just show you Lloyd to throw you off the scent.
Yes, nurturing the baby - and Steak 'n Shake would help. Babies like double bacon cheeseburgers and strawberry shakes.
If I was starting an NBA team--and I'm not--I would rather have Serge Ibaka than Andrew Bynum
Follow me plz, I'm going to be tweeting more great things from time to time. Keep following me for great tweets.
you are so hott.
Stand-By Alert ! ! Compliance -- Sunday
Snow, wind, frigid temperatures....what a mix for this Friday! A special edition of 10TV News...all you need to know, starting at 430am!!
The one about your friend coming home (:
For our #Chicago followers MT : Please follow the new Twitter for the AFS Greater Chicago Area Team.
laughing my ass off right now. #creeper! hahaha.
This was awesome! So smart. He is the man.
Hey guys! Please help my friend get 7 more followers!!
You only live once, don�t regret what you didn�t do � during those golden years!
Getting false information about tests. <<<<
So thankful today to have an enormous amount of people in my life that care about me. It's such a great feeling. Happy Thanksgiving!!!
you text me I'll DM my number to you
RT : no Beau Bennett? Not ready yet.
Seeing what Twitter is all about.
We couldn't choose just one! Our office loved the show. RT #CarolineOrChange is over, but what was your favorite part?
There's no point in sleeping. I should just wait for the sun to come up so my day can begin.
Attention DFW! The Home and Garden Market will me THIS WEEKEND! @ Dallas Market Hall! More info at www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
true that Gina!!
mitch anus face daniels & the johnson co idiot legal/govt/church systems KNOW i can verbally stomp them n2 hog slop face first w/open mouths
so it appears mcghee is alright.
your welcome
Hope you had a wonderful Good Friday
I NO C FRIEND REQUEST UNTIL NOW!
is there still a happy hour planned for tomorrow in DC?
o yea I'm on morning shift now!!!! 7 fuckin am lol
The grill masters haven't stopped! M the burgers sure taste good.
Already getting to work on Purposeful & Practical Testing for the 4 returners as well as developing the Off-Season Phase 1 workouts!
heck yeah i am :) i didnt realize you were! Where are you going?
:"We must continue 2 labor in the cause.It's time 4 us 2 treat all citizens equally under the law."
Joining social networking groups will provide you with a unique opportunity to show your industry expertise and experience.
Just wish that someone would come down from the high pedistill and love me for who I am like I love them
Thank you so much for your reply! I was specifically hoping to get #KidsEatFree info for the Tucson Mall location.
#WhyAmISingle becuase im waiting for my #Princeton charming to sweep me off my feet :f
Ran into Ophra Sat. night back stage at Book of Mormon in NY. Check out the photo on my FB. Quite a night.
thanks for the mention!
Welcome WM Class of 2014! RT : RT : Raucous cheering from campus community as new Freshmen walk through Wren Building!
did that make you feel better
I dont know why people have a problem with jumping on a bandwagon. If I see a wagon with a band on it, I dont see the harm in jumping on
People know either as the guy that works at old navy or the guy that play banjo... I prefer the second
Kindly words do not enter so deeply into men as a reputation for kindness. ~ Mencius
29 And he called his name Noah^, saying,
why did i wake up[ on sum1 porch on #University i dnt remember making it out of red mile
those are always fun to debug ;)
100 followers! Woot! Help me reach the next milestone of 250!
it's exercise! Eat a cookie later. ;-)
I'm not gonna make my own website look like crap haha
Carbs are the devils food.
Congratulations! You're the winner of Knitting Everyday Finery!! DM me with your address and I'll send it right along to you!
Test sets for jerk and snatch, then TRX, finished with 40kg swings per Escalating Density Training protocol. Warm and humid out.
thanks for the tweet of our article
At the Bob wettig tourney in Richmond good game in the consolation bracket Floyd Cent. Up on Alcoa( TN) 30-29 in the 3rd
Happy Birthday. :)
. talking now about idea authorship moving (back) to communal, discursive, pre printing press paradigm
Merci Jijie. <3 Glad to hear that you enjoyed the music. Blessings
FAB, the same as yours!
Me:i think I'm having a heart attack. : why? Me: cause Glee! : CALL 411 PAIN!
Going to tonight for dinner! Hooray Living Social coupon with
fuck all the haters
I must walk my dog, Coco. She is so demanding!
": you bitch lol" I'm sorry lol #teamsober (x
when i saw that...you were the first person who came to my mind....HAH
That must get rather annoying..
RT : The safest way to use the internet is to assume that EVERYTHING you post online is public knowledge. Everything.
Some teaching to do, and then I start a new writing project. Today's goal: 800.
Congratulations!! I hope we can get it in the US.
oh! Good morning btw =) have a lovely day!
Got a great dog from the humane society today. His name is Sherlock. He is a great dog.
I hate when people . Put empty boxes back in the pantry and you're all like. HELL YEAH FROOT LOO---aw :c.
Welcome aboard!
Everybody's got that one menu item that they never get tired of, no matter what. Do you have a 'usual' here with us?
Per , in order, Cowboys, Redskins, Seahawks, Giants & Chargers lead ticket sales on the site since Thursday.
When you haven't texted somone in forever, & they ask you if you hit them up cuz your bored & you say no lol .
How was the show MB?
hahaha! there are some pretty ignorant people here tho tbh...other than the idiots, you enjoying it here?
for sure man. Thanks for listening
You know she's a chola, when she wears a super big Lakers Jersey to school...
Norton has the Norton Safety Minder Mobile Edition for Android!
Scraping frost off my windows in mid may < ....
wow dere boy
we will be playing at Blue Nile tomorrow night (wed, aug 18) filling in for Khris Royal and Dark Matter! 10:30pm
Thanks for reminder that writing is a biz for some of us & should be treated as such.
Thanks for the compliment on my jacket, random dude on a bike!
Does ANYONE use text messages to communicate in a professional context? Seriously.
RT : Wonderful weekend with and ! Thanks for a great show :)
RT : Bomb sniffing dogs all over the place here at Wrigley. Is NATO coming here too?
Proud to be a Creeker today. So happy for Henryville and so proud of my friends at SC for getting involved.
and Blazer fans laugh---and laugh a lot
has spoken RT Bonnen is motivaited to win alone and not like the other races in the sprint. #mentalpower. ... it gonna happen
Goin to the park with my bff...
Getting ready to DJ tonight!! Should be and interesting event.
Hopefully it won't rain anymore today...had buckets of it in the last 24 hours. Need some sun and warm weather to make everybody happy!
no they don't they are there for you all the time in good times and bad times always be there for you.
Bishop matthew clark you are a terrible man. You closed mooney in 89 and than holy cross in 2008 and now MOS! Catholic religion is a joke!
Walking into Sanders room with a 2 foot Pixy Stick...
In the stuidio last night makin' a rock/soul hit with Now we back at it with bringin back NeoSoul
Going home now after visiting my dad for a while. He is the Officer of the Day so we had to come visit him.
Lunch at hooters. Honey Thai boneless chicken wings. #QueRicoMeng . And the chasm is even better! Lol
we bout to be thuggin on a budget this weekend lmfao
looking for a php team lead in austin for a great company with excellent benefits and work from home options
lmaoo well because the lady didnt even check/ask how fucking old i was... dumb bitch.
I saw a couple episodes of the British version, and thought it was funny. The "boss" had the tone-deaf douchebag to a "T".
I miss ALOT...... :/ I havent talked to him in soo long :c
buying my summer concert tix! a little SCORPIONS and will be awesome. JUNE 29!
Tweet more, good to hear your thoughts.
RT : Right now, someone you haven't met is out there wondering what it would be like to meet someone like you.
Hopefully bond vigilantes take early Christmas break, giving the ECB time to capitulate and print, but more likely markets tank within days.
RT : I guess this is the closest we'll ever get to having Doug Clark on Twitter. Say hello to
Melbourne highlights: Queen Victoria Botanical Gardens, Penguins @ St. Kilda, gluten free everywhere, delicious/cheap sushi, Aussie accents
Suddenly glad I didn't walk anywhere for lunch
thank you so much for the mention!
#dontyouthink should follow me? if they did ill be the happiest person alive :)
Takin down a few dabs of Trainwreck and Sour D waxes!!! Irie!!!
I'm doing good too. I was wondering, is the youth on Wednesday's and Friday's now?
Working on a script that's due at 9am.
#disappointed in myself for not riding the bike in. Oh well. Too much yellows and oranges on the radar for me.
Only 2 more days until 's Houston Press' Concert Series performance at , who's all going?
The mind can only absorb what the bottom (and bladder) can endure.
RT NOW FOLLOWING ! Why? Cause said so! *muah*
what was the name of the coach site your buddy just started?
I thought it was a few years older.
How many super musicians are we gonna lose at the age of 27?
sometimes i forget that i can get weird on the blog twitter account as well. sorry
Instrumental for this song is done! Working on lyrics...now
$5 Cello Martinis tonight at Salute! Stop in for a much-needed afterwork drink and warm up by our fireplace!
Headed to Jacksonville.
what a cutie.
I love #WillFerrellasGeorgeBush on
I've heard good things about it. Plus, Scarlett Jo and Cobie Smulders? Yes, please.
RT : "If it's not online, it doesn't exist" - been thinking about what "it" means. Description? Actual collection material?
Thinking of doing a callage of pics of me and my bestfriend and giving it to her for her bday. Yay?Nay?
I'm officially going to develop a Scentsy bar that smells like the food I gobbled up at Restaurant Week last night.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it now. - Art Costa
I WOULD!
Hope your are all having a Flawless Friday! :)
It's sunny and going to be in the 60s in DC today.
so thankful to be done with laundry. my hatred for the laundromat is unmatched.
AUSTIN IS MINE.
Ayn Rand would have punched that guy in the junk.
RT : Kipnis is the Man. Really seeing the Ball well right now. Go INDIANS!!
RT : Hey baby you look like u could use a stiff one * voice* < lol! good times
Its time to think about Tiip wat Tiip want wats convenient for Tiip n not everybody else
My body's temperature has been quite unbalanced thanks to this cold.
Yeah, I was being facetious. A big "oh, darn" for them.
The new shirts are almost ready for your consumption. Spread the Miscommunication for the Masses! Stay tuned! -The TV.
Thanks for the cool link! I'll share with my colleagues.
RT : Georgetown '11-'12 is only a few weeks away. Who's excited to be back on campus?!
Teaching an 11-year-old the concept of "Less is more." He responds, frustrated, "More is more. MORE is MORE!"
“ Never give up on a dream even if others do not encourage it you have the dream & the desire of it for a reason Follow ur heart”
The World's End Official Synopsis Revealed; Aims for 2013 Release Date
Last day to Vote! Please take 1 second to vote for our friends to help them make the top 10. Thanks so much!!
You're most welcome. And thanks for continuing to share insightful content!
Yeah, tried that earlier today. Big finish on that one, very enjoyable.
hi Joann nice to have you on with !
Mega millions self service lines busy w peeps who don't how to use, why bother I have the winning ticket & will help cure
Check out . The Alaskan Cowboy is tearing up the airwaves with "More Than Just a Farm."
quick question - any of you know any good webinar software?
“: boyfriend!!!!! #2!!!!!! Boo!”>>no distant lovers! You've been tossed off the ship!
Taking off for the Newport Beach Film Festival tomorrow! Everyone in LA on down and hang!
IF IT WASNT FOR THE ARTIST THE LABELS WOULDN'T BE NOTHING
welcome c: i hope you had a good day doll <3 <3
exactly my thought except I'm watching the hawks ;)
thanks man I appreciate it, have fun in cali
people need to stop is not the answer. We want
I'm pretty sure my dog thinks he's a horse
just wrapped up today's shoot with kiersten at absolutely stunning and a total sweetheart! amazing x
Not too shabby!!! Nick is having excellent year with the bat, but not the HR dominance at home (2 of his 7 HRs at HOME)like Grandy
I LOVE beliebers it's amazing what you guys are capable of amazing what fans can do! #gottalovebeliebers and other beliebers
On my way to vegas.
Lil Wayne...you never cease to amaze me!! #Howtolove!! Ayee!! :)
Lakers WILL NOT lose this game...or the rest of the series...mark my words.
re: he gets that a lot
RT : A compassionate attitude opens our inner door, and as a result it is much easier to communicate with others. - Dalai Lama
Aye get off Thomasville now...
Our #family is getting bigger nd I know that most be special for <3 I'm proud to be a #Belieber (:
RT : Theories of Instagram (& Twitter) abound—plentiful, varied, mutually exclusive. That's heartening. It means we're still...
Thanks so much!! I hope you had a great weekend and have a Happy Monday :-)
Thx for following its a
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams - Eleanor Roosevelt
From Rob (4:55a) A few showers this morning then some sun and highs in the 50s.
Give him a break - he's probably 38 yo RT : Clayton Kershaw (.200) has higher batting average than Albert Pujols (.194).
Well, according to IU's website, I've been accepted! The letter should come in 2 to 4 weeks.
Haven a movie nite with the wifey even doe she going to fall asleep lol
Hanging out with the girls tomorrow!!!
fun! Tons to remember -_-
I really love how is always pushing forward
Great to see you last night bud! THanks for coming by :)
Blair and Chuck, Dan and Serena, and Nate with Charlie!
When we feel love we know it. When we speak truth we rest. When we take care of ourselves, we take care of others.
Mexico City word of the day: chido, adj that means cool, groovy, street-level slang. Octavio Paz would not have said "Lorca, chido."
299 followers! Could today be the day we hit 300? Help us make it happen and we'll set up another giveaway! :-)
That and we like to drink a lot of wine at book club, which, lets be honest, is the REAL reason for the delay!
@ Austin__Lsmith hope all is good!!
Interesting webinar #TimeSci -- did you know most re-Tweets are 2pm Eastern? And...there's more!
yes i am one of those crazed fans who sits on twitter talking about and on his birthday flips a shit and tweets 5000 times.
Better fortify your house then cause I'm comin! RT : I'd be scared if a 400lb glass of Kool-Aid came bursting into my house...
Thank you! Have a great day!
So oomf is asleep n she always cheers me up and entertains me!
I think so too :)
thanks! Did you have a good mothers day? Did the kids do something special for you?
that's a fine choice! :)
I'm there with you. We need to take a STAND and DEMAND action.
Curation archive val: old info doesn't die, it reveals long-term trends.
I'm still trying to decide if I'm that gay..
Sick feelin ugghhhh u no how that is but just wana to say watz up Twitter ppl an hope u havin a Blessed day
To be honest, I’m not sure why I feel compelled to write fiction, although I fear it may be a psychological disorder.
Can't breath
what bro???
I so dope you gotta smoke me , puff puff pass that's all I see •____• - Woowoo !
cool story bro. write me a book about it.
ha ha
Heading out to meet with clients this morning. Busy day ahead.
is gunna be in Lemoore at 6PM today to sell tickets for the COME TO MY CITY show tonight ; contact 's for more !
Hope they project the twitter handles of presenters at #smwpolitics... I'm too blind to read them off the poster.
it's all good a new year is coming new things
I do t even want to stress so Imma watch a movie
Come on Rays!!!
Merry Christmas!
Scott Miller, Only Everything: I know I'm a mess and you don't have to guess or even understand You just gotta know how much she means to me
My dad: "I have the winning lottery ticket, I KNOW IT!!!!" ~ minutes later ~ Me: Did you win? My Dad: no -___- LMBO!!!
huey is the bane of my existence right now
nighty night you n ight owls! got work the next 3 days, so I'm off to sleep
Aloha.hope your thanksgiving is a Blessed one.twitter must be messed up again,cuz it says yur not followin me & vise versa
Developing multimedia for an awesome social media/broadcasting platform... Adding to my team of Creative Visionaries... ask me how!
chillin in the wonder women undies, fucks not given.
your beats are lame get ur head in the game instead of looking for moms you think are bombs. Get your head out of the gutter
Nothing that you have not given away will ever truly be yours.
"Watching Punk'd" is treading
no… getting caught up
Working out a problem with my Google Analyitics code.
Just cause you thug with a nigga don't mean the love true
Sorry for delay, presentations were engrossing. So, let's say you do a logo design class with teens...
Seeing a Random person eat (-_-) Seeing a Fat person eat (•_•)
:: I'm doing all my planting on Saturday, so some Sunday rain is okay with me, Don't they make golf umbrellas, ?
#NowWatching #MadMen... And by the way, I hate Time Warner. AT&T is so much better.
Thanks for the follow! Rough game last night!
"Happy Birthday Reject"
workshop is very stimulating so far.
of course there will be a co. who breaks the rules by offering limited travel beyond that point as part of their feature list.
Bored as hell
Im REALLY disappointed in you": Definitely missing first period :) that's AP Bio lmfaooo"
is the Mosaic gathering ongoing?
fucks with it 👌
Welcome to 2012! Everyone needs heat ... so until April 15 any service call is just $29. Yep, less than half what the other guys charge.
dress up as a pretty last and shake yourself about <3
I'm going to get a smoothie then leaving
Mitt can't find the center bc he has no core. If he had some belief in something he could focus, but he doesn't so he can't.
Hey Alex, loving your tweets. Keep them coming.
lol hell yeah JUSTIN BIEBER!
My boyfriend said we can't hang out this weekend because he doesn't exist.
I find it amazing that a backwards country, like North Korea, that can barely keep the country lit up, can launch a long range missile.
It is tomorrow! don't forget. Latino night at Salute! 46 East Superior. Starts at 6pm. Italian Margaritas at $7. Let's start the party!
oh that's what I'm doing today!
I believe we do need some squirrel time. Meaning girl time.
Where will YOU be watching the #NFLDraft #thirsythursday ?
haha sounds like a good time to me! ;p
fletcher cox!
6 helicopters overhead? Anyone know what's going on? They messin up the sound for my nba games! Lol
u'll never get a boyfriend if u don't smile, miss
information sent. Keep me posted on the options. Thanks!
Diet coke & Melatonin.. contradictory...
Happy BirthDay
Ah look at this... Coming home with dinner ready ;) look at him
& are evil for taking my phone, but we are still the 3 musketeers!
Kanye: What if you're really successful? Kobe: Then someone gets half of it. You're Welcome.
I'm in a good mood and I'm not letting nobody ruin that.
Another great day in Panama City Beach!
that tweet was after he hit a 3 to cut it to 2, dude played out of his mind without him it's a blowout
U were on my mind all day today...makes me sad Cuz all I have r memories.
Almost 100 followers, thank you
already? Fail.
Kentucky = Aids
Lift up that dress,let me see something she looking like she wanna freak somethin-Boosie
#mofones will be here soon-they are sure to make you #smile! :) Thats a good thing cause a lot of people haven't done that in a while!! :(
Quit listening to the radio then! It's the worst.
Great picture and story!
Craig Does Standup just makes me happy! Thanks for being so freakin' talented!
Let's do the restructuring dance. New boss(es) new opportunities.
I havent talked to my best friend in a long time. And after an 1 and 1/2 convo its like nothings changed
Great win for the Garrett Railroader beisbolistas!!!!!! Muchísimas felicidades, players and coaches!!!
Joe Walters is leading the Knighthawks in points this postseason w/ 10. He also leads the office in ticket sales for Saturday
Some of them. Mostly I'm a bourbon/wine gal. My David loves the beer, though.
Yes, a business donated their bulbs to my school, doubling our blooms. Now to figure out what will grow in the shade.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 28
too much to share 140 bytes at a time. Not all (or even much) data starts life as SHP. We want to reach numerous audiences
You have to get the new Grand Canyon shirt to commemorate you run.
People in #MKE - what new restaurant would you love to see come here
Somewhere in New York City right now there is a homeless person relieving himself on the subway. In other news, Hepititus C is on the rise.
Thats one of my favorites too. Love the bay!
Ive been laying here for almost an hour trying.....
my phone just called someone...but my phone is OFF
why yes it is!!!
aww thanks! this is why i love you! love you too bestie!
what up man what u doing
he said try beating tolleson :) and maryvale
It would be awesome if there was a fruit snack package of only sour apple
met her aunt from the philippines, it was her first time in america, and she was very nice :) we went to the mall
Thanks - loved your recipe for lasagna rolls! Great for holiday party! #TisTheSeason!
300 Followers!!! #SocialAchievement THANK YOU EVERYONE
Welp I missed the second round. Cotto is landing punches, though
parking requirements are farking archaic and bad urban policy.
“: Uhh the older you get the more you boobs sag :( that's gonna hurt my feelings” that's why you have to work on your posture
Even when u don't understand what's going on in your life, or why, you can trust someone else does ~ Jeremiah 29:11 Expose.Empower.Unleash.
Amazing! *Cough* I think I am sick...probably should go home from work early... RT : Absolutely beautiful morning out there.
Thanks for spreading the word!
Now that is over, we're changing our name! Find out more about our event planning firm at www.socialconstructevents.com
Thanks for the RT hope you enjoyed the piece!
who writes letters these days?
Any predictions?
Hiya Sassy asses! Regretfully, our show @ Baba Budan's on Feb. 4 has been cancelled due to booking confusion. We'll catch ya soon, though!
They say im a youg kevin hart in the making.......im so
hahaha I'm running on zero hours of sleep aka I'm ready to party now
check your dms from me please</3
Come see the Indy car this Tues, 23rd from 5:30-7:30pm along w/ the checkered flag girls & 92Q. We roll out our 2 latest hot dogs tomorrow
life is good...
I had both mango and apple! Love how fresh they taste, not dry or too sweet!
my #SPURS just beat the Clips...you're welcome :)
what color I did mine hot pink
Balance Activ Research for National BV Day Finds That One Quarter of British Women Have Misdiagnosed Themselves on the ...
Thanks for a good party. Keep up the great work!
little black dress :)
I need to figure out a way to share it. :) Until then, if you're in the Tidewater, give me a shout.
Hell fuckin yeah!
and, indeed, one of the major themes of the class (Collecting New Media) the blog is for!
follow back please : D
I have no social life because #tumblr and exist.
Hopefully you're a good note taker! RT :Thinking of being a notetaker for a class. I mean I get paid to sit in class.
#GoTribe Curt schilling "behind that d, derek lowe can have 12-14 wins at the break and get traded to a contender". Gee tha...
So thankful 4 2day & I'm ready 4 Monday 2 arrive...Boardwalk Empire here I come!!!
You dont need to know
definitely other than Fantastic Four 47-49 the entire Outer Space Men graphic novel. www.theouterspacemen.com great question
slight work
I feel so alive!!!!
good pick. Hope you enjoy!
Morning ppl, hetes to a great friday
A SquE-Z a day, helps keep the seeds away!
Good is not good enough when better can be achieved
I appreciate that. I need to really prioritize my time and get over this stupid anxiety garbage that has a hold of me.
hi! I'm great, thnx for asking! How are u lovie? Love ur flawless icon btw, xoxoxo💗
I hope you send an apology Percy Harvins way after that ish you talked yesterday
is comping vocals for #potporn&popcorn. Single to be released in January!
Today is the first day of the rest of your life
A two goal lead?? ... This is foreign territory
I wanna play Grand Theft Auto.
doing well, picking up D3 tonight!
I'm sitting at Panera killing time before work and I literally being attacked by a fly, why me fly, why me?!?!?!?!
Vegetarian hash: worth making? I fear the corned beef is what makes hash delicious.
Buahahahah!!! They should be. Heard a VERY interesting story ;D “: #earsareburning”
are we seriously watching napoleon dynamite in health right now.
Eyal spent 24 years as a student of Imi and assisted him in further developing the system
Can't wait til my mom gets here...I can't wait to see her!
That serious ninja moment when you lean too far back on your chair and jump forward insanely quick
hell yeah biatch x
hey u go to has great tips\info. Not too many local folks on here but everyone/thing else is is
We have issues concerning, education, poverty, jobs, social injustice, pay inequality. The religious right wing fanatics are distracting us.
I press all the "Try Me" buttons on the toys and then just walk away.
wants to know if anyone wants to go see a movie tonight???
PI DAY AND TOL! Come on down for some pie!
Interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist your customer service team w/ customer profiles. Follow 2 DM?
Re: design and ux of fitness apps...people need simple, clean, UX with real human examples. Very personal to the user.
The average human body is about 65% water. Im pretty sure im about 65% ice tea.
Highlight: a laughter-filled lunch with and in honor of M-, living with brain cancer 2 yrs after we were all called in for final goodbyes.
I was in such a hurry this morning I went "mombalistic". Yelled at my 3 yr old but luckily it was so crazy we laughed.
Sure, which show is that? RT Now you can tune in to my show! If you wanted...
“: What a person does while single shouldn't define who they are in a relationship” couldn't have said it better.
Join us at Dominican Joe at 7pm tonight for our first meeting.
Follow us <3
Team Building, weekend athletic event in the most demanding of enviornments (near Antelope, OR) do you want to take the challenege?
YeeHaa anothah scorcha in the Big Peach. Head down to the Cow and cool down with a Frozen Rita! Sissy is making mean drinks today!! Giddy Up
I guess you think it is a valid point.
"Easy reading is damn hard writing." (N Hawthorne) To us, #writing is a craft. We want your site visitors to read every word.
What does #solidarity look like? The #ForwardMarchingBand playing today at the WI Capitol. Shout out to the vuvuzuela honor guard.
lol. That's how things tend to happen!
Hey,,you know i love you.
RT : Who the plug or got a plug at footlocker, champs, etc?....I gotta couple plugs what u need
actually, I believe sarcasm is the delicious creme filling in the Oreo that is our friendship.
Aww such a good mama Ella! Have fun! GO CAPS!
you only hate teams that are better than you
you and tequila make me crazy
Indeed - can't beat a day of exploratory programming in front of a huge window looking out onto Appalachia.
happy Monday to u too! Hope u have a fantastic day :)
-grabs your hand- I'm right behind you
We only got 12 days left.
I am a huge fagget.
the week the movie came out telling people their number on the list I felt so bad watching the light die in their eyes
Who wants a free ?
You misspelled Journal Sentinel.
"Instead of living up to your jobs expectations of you , why not start working part time on your expectations of you"?
Scaled along, knifed back, rattled around, careened around, peeled off, stashed on back, DRIVE!
But of course :) Who wouldn't?
and now i write
Put two and two together....whats up world lol
The trick to finally finishing a writing project? Stop reading what you wrote
anybody want to recommend a Tailor in Hong Kong? I have used Sam's, but curious if anyone has any other suggestion.
Will your parents use Google+? That may be an incentive to join!
is one amazing guy (: <3
hm. . it is actually possible to only allow a value for a form field to be entered only once. .
Suffering from Compulsive Research Syndrome this week. No time to answer e-mail. Must. Go. Back. Into. Stacks. Must......
this is why it's a good thing we are writers.. . imagine if we were traders on wall street... ops!
Everyone needs a muse
As adults become busy with work,children etc,the need for someone outside the family to provide eldercare for a senior loved one is growing
I'm a little nigga bro!
take a look and listen to our memphis music!!
Mercifully, the H1 does not extend to #Maui, where I will be following #Viadoom from the lanai.
Thank you for everything! RT Thank you for organizing the #smcpbc event at
Our second new hire starts tomorrow. We've been under-resourced for months now. So. Excited.
10 windows open on the laptop right now.... All music related,
I'm thinking Bev Hills - I'll call you in a bit. Would some info be helpful?
Maybe u shd ignore tweets that waste ur time (not all folks feel the same on all points) & only read my issue tweets.
Watching at the New Frontier in tacoma tonight! Such a fun band to dance too!!
Goodnight everybody (insert inspirational love yourself quote here)
over & over again. 2 factors: Not enough Americans vote, & some only bother 2 vote 4 presidential election, not Congress
Congrats to Rocket's & on 100k 1st wk UK sales. (Do it in US & I'll get one a them + tatts.)
Ready to go see doodie open her gifts. #SoExcited to see the smile upon her face.
Tomorrow is birthday and said ' I have a show that day so cant go" And I am like what. Oh well :/
Yes, working on a new novel right now. Hope to release it next Spring!
RT : Birmingham <~ WE GOT A FEW SPINS ON YOUR STATION
Missing cat
I hate when my sister tells me I am crazy! Always! Joking she is always joking she says:"Crazy!" I say:"What!" she says:"I am joking!":-) :-
mexico or new orleans or the bronx..
yay construction documents!
I'm not a big fan of being busy.
Tell me why...
PEOPLE WE NEED TO STOP Joseph Kony #StopKony2012 #StopKony And The only way is to get his name out please help the kids of Uganda
I know exactly what you mean.
#Miami? :O
hahaahahahaha I'm weak!!! Grab a number!
He definitely lives on in my apartment, I'm playing Freak Out right now!
Who pays $12,000 for an alto #sax!? Do they even sell pro horns that actual musicians can afford?
People, just be glad that Yahoo didn't buy Instagram.
How will you help others this year?
Meow RT : my inner ear must be menstruating because it is SO SENSITIVE [to pressure changes] right meow.
Doc Rivers on playing injured Paul Pierce: "I'm afraid to take him out, period."
Homesick (acoustic) by A Day To Remember >>>>>>>>>
#TruthIs I like you alot more then you think <3
Whats up everyone. Happy Thanksgiving! Everyone drive safe and have a good weekend!
The Camry Toe!
What?? Did you see a spider?! Where??
Haha, that's because I let you win, you know. But now I won't!
There are no words 2 describe how inspiring you are. HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! Can't wait to see you when you come to Pittsburgh in BOM :)
It's amazing to me how much pandering Obama is doing to take attention off of his his horrendous and ineffective 3 years in office.
im so getting that bracelet!
And we're underway!
"A smile is a curve that sets everything straight." -- Phyllis Diller (Smile! It's Friday!)”
you looks so handsome!!
Lebron a bitch I swear I want him take last shot
Here another day.
I've signed up for it and done the first lesson; we'll see how it goes.
I don't think so...What "affair" are you refering to? What ever happened to facts? You should know better.
another addition to our awesome skyline.
you know most men think you're beautiful without it, right?
I wonder what the sound is up to. Better go check on it.
Music in the parking lot of a shopping mall is seriously the most annoying thing and stupid idea ever.
life is grand sir.
Why, did you bring a desktop? RT : I find your lack of desks disturbing.
10 care packages on their way to Pakistan!!! God is good!
We love them too!
how much longer?
That awkward moment someone asks u to hang out and catch up and they missed you...only to have them think u were someone else. :/ lol
LA KINGS
Oh that's what was going to say... Did y'all see Sweetie Pies? LOL... too much
Scotch rocks at the Belmont
Blowing kisses and blessings to proposals going out the door this week!
it's a team game and losses happen my dude! Great game tonight at a tough venue. Just make up for it in LA.
Listening to the rain and thunder :)
If you like your blackberry it could be grounds to be removed from your brokerage.
Good Night
never ever would I do that!
and your comment that it's an upscale store not for everyone is crap this is America. And he lives in the neighborhood.
The only pieces of information required in a Google Profile are name and gender. You can choose whether to publicly display it.
“I don’t fear the man who practiced 10,000 kicks one time. I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times” – Bruce Lee
What up world!?
Getting ready for some great fun to come! Great shows plus we get to give back to the community?! Get out!!
Have you seen the Carol Bass show "A Powerful Joy of Color" in the Lewis Gallery? It's up for one more week!
Awesome! I'll try to be there.
your dog likes honey?
Negativity is CHEAP! Positivity is EXPENSIVE!
About to hit with Pistol Pete at Miss Kitty's Saloon in Naperville.
rootin for u sis...after those bastards broke my rangers heart
Just wrapped up at the race for the cure #Austin - great morning with and & great cause!!
to the tea party, Pres Obama is "Gangsta". 4 more years
“: I could say where the #Spurs nation but They only got one fan Lmao” I'm just a fan of the game. Lol
I am proud to say that I am one of your
Their will be a new duet between em?!
omg. SO wish I could, but I'm with family :( any chance you feel like visiting the beautiful city of Dallas?
Ready to see Ryne take home this 3 point contest
The new trend seems to be full-bleed backgrounds on websites... Can't wait to release the new website for Jeff The Movie!
full of love how you doing though I call u I text you no response SMH lol
I won't
sounds slightly like my thing with paper and letter cutters at kino and staff..^^
The best things in life are unseen. That's why we close our eyes when we kiss, cry, and dream
Good pickup for Duke tho. They needed him.
BTW, the new red band trailer for THE FIVE YEAR ENGAGEMENT might as well be a deleted scenes featurette. 80% of that stuff is not in it.
Messages From The MotherShip: Graduation!
Any chance that you will be at #Sacrifice on Sunday?!
Why can't I live in California. Why. Why.
yeah I hear ya, were doing a few big ones now it's not an easy task. Definitely stressful. Let me know if you need any help
I'm getting a lot of vodka and a lot of female strippers for my birthday. #DoinItBig (; hahah
I wouldn't go anywhere near Morneau. Dude might be finished.
Watching Boardwalk Empire
we are the same! Bad planning on this bus, no cards!!
hello lovely S, i already sent u an e-mail, did u get it?? Love u soo much
Yay I lost 4 more lbs 10 more to go
#EarthDay this weekend, what are you doing to be more Earth Friendly?
And I'm female but I'm not in favor of law/regulation trying to dictate our lives, even if it's to my benefit.
Alright - feelin' like some shoulders, and some cardio!
#Facebook icons just got a little bigger…that doesn't mess with the cover images at all…
. Glass of bourbon: Blantons?
Lol it's alright!
Prostrate to me !!! Hahaha... ♥
Love it go #thunder but what the hell was play its gotta go to kobe but fire brown after #lakers season ends
Million Dollar Motorcars meet Military Machines at the Concours d&#39;Elegance of Texas
Today in 1986, a stamp of Sojourner Truth was issued by the U.S. Postal Service.
Steve Yuhas Show (600 AM) last Sunday nailed it when he shouted..who cares/so what--if Huckabee and Trump aren't running for Pres.
thanks so much! I'm pretty excited!
I love this age. they are so neat and curious.
Good work from Amazing students!
or tell us what you're up too... How you been girl?
thanks, that's what I was going for didn't want to be intimidatingly beautiful
Cafe food is
#OreoPinata It's a beautiful day in Dallas!
4-hour Scorsese documentry of George Harrison on HBO? On it!
How about trading the 4th pick to the bengals for two 1st rounders?? would you do it??
XMas is killing me I think I'm going to need a holiday after the holiday!
lmfaoo oww mine is black with abs and so sexy lmfao
The beard isn't in yet. It's just beginning. I'll let you be a judge then decide to attempt it or not
oh. .well, you wanna come over my place? :3 lol bring the USB, I got the Xbox and the bed :>
I know that game...
Ease is a soft sell.
Please welcome GoogleMe_Babii to the Max life
Getting ready to see Hugo! Finally!
needs to do something funny for a month straight. I used to BE funny, dangit. Maybe i'll do something funny in the pool. :D
somehow my last post didn't include your handle, fTags cool, trying to grok, I only became aware even of hashtags. flub flub
Just watched a baby koala eat his moms 💩. Thanks #planetearth I can never look at a koala the same.
RT : A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth
I like when the bookstore makes sure that sell-back price is okay with you. I should be like "actually, I'll take $200 instead of $20"
Taping Good News with at 6pm. Check your local station for air times.
- hang loose baby , check bradaa :D
"Once you tell yourself you're good enough, you won't be." Great piece of writing in Jan 2012 Running Times
please follow she is you biggest fan!51
Hey, you know I've had several users state that I unfollowed them. The truth is that I've not unfollowed anyone...
Omg I love the new twitter on my phone ;)
