just went in on much respect to Stephen A handling it like a gentleman instead of a bitter entitled athlete.
true but your so beautiful I can even imagennnnn a dude going u dirty!!
know any good clip bloggers to follow for this series
What do you do when you run out of ideas?
Surprise! Is your grandma dead?
you should write a book...oh wait. You are...just make sure my chapter is en espanol
.... so im up watchin' qet rich or die tryin'
I got you =) RT : Waiting on to hit me back.
It's funny how insecure she is I can't even post a RT without her buggin out lol well anyway still grindin it out
eat a spoonful of penutbutterr!
there its iss lets goo
Happy Father's Day to all the Dad, and thank you My heavenly Father for everything you do and thank you Dear Father for your Love and Life.
DAVE 2* Davidson
i can't wait.
Can't believe it's almost 8 -__-
The football team has to go with infrared for the opener against ky at papa johns! Place would go crazy! ....gotta
It seems I only ever go to my local Walgreens to purchase cookies.
you're cool:)
First day of high school I almost was late cuz I got lost 
I had often fantasized about running into my ex and his wife. But in those fantasies, I was running over them with a truck - Sex and the Cit
I can't agree more! Xo
Team is excited to meet & all the other gorgeous girls!
I really enjoy your blogs, You reference Soren Baker in one.I'm trying to contact him?He did a great bio work w/ us before.
Yeah.. it's the 3 Shells app.
Dont worry when im a teacher ill do it right!
Just Got Finish Eating Some CarryOut
Bard's pitch actually just disappeared
can you check out www.youtube.come/SashMarie97 please? I'm going to post more videos soon :)
He is... sort of. Not in contention to start this year, but should get some action to learn on the job as it were.
Cold AGAIN today! Not enjoying this weather turn at all!
As we strive to improve for 2012, we would love to know how you think we can improve!
Getting my Fregosi on
... you're kidding ?
HapPy MoNdAy to everybody in the universe--let's do it again!
Stu Schweigert intercepted leads the Nighthawks to the 32.
Enjoy your weekend! RT thanks for ff!
You better be coming today. :P
i tried it on my son's iphone 4, and it did the same thing
Guna go find a Midi Keyboard today
Guess what is coming to Rochester in Jan. Every Wednesday. America's BIG GUNS of team trivia. "Geeks Who Drink!" www.geekswhodrink.com
there wasn't even a mark lmao
AND my tummy hurts from to much cake.
I wanna go to LA
You don't know how i glad i am to see you say that (x how come you're so fond of new york? :o
The "paste & go" function in Firefox is a recently discovered miracle that makes my life 10000x better.
omg alicia lol !!!!!
you totally get it :)
k that's what i thought LOL it took me an hour to find that fndskjfns
Hey I just met you and your ugly, so here my roommates number call him daily
Any DJ's out there? What are you using these days? Serato, CD's, Virtual DJ, Traktor?
We ova here viben celebrating "RR" Birthday Bash.......
your wearing your bracelet i got you!!! im glad you liked it!
People on the southport side of town took crazy pills today.
contact us at our webstore or e-mail address to get a pair of guie #handmade #fairtrade #shoes! only $65!
1/2 price sushi & drinks is still available until 6pm! See you there-
URGENT! Need a room ASAP for rent in LA in the $450-550 range, no more than 30 min from Northridge.
I'm up here now man
The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets
Trying to get the real story on what happened to tiger.
August is a shitty month for art...
About to audition at
If you are in Forney take shelter right now. Tornadic activity on radar.
Just got back from 24hour fitness with mom and brothers, took the coldest shower and now getting ready to k.o. Goodnight ! (:
a true libra!
Ok I'm gonna study now. *5 hours later* Ok I'm gonna study now.
"they cant have my brand I have special eyes"..haha just came on and I thouht of u
I hear somebody made a trade in the #siriusxmfantasy hosts league involving Albert Pujols?! WHY JEFF WHY??
And we head into our THIRD 10 of 12 for "1776" at Ford's Theatre. As Congressional Custodian (Drew Eshelman) would say, "Sweet Jesus!"
read that article, too, it's a good'en
#oh alright just gonna air me on twitter? Damn cole world.
Depends on product/audience. For one client a positive spotlight on ABCWorldNews didn't yield as much sales as online promos.
MJ doesn't pay his debts!? I'm shocked someone with a hitler 'stache wouldn't be trustworthy.
Did we miss each other last week? Definitely still hope to see you in the store and say hello.
please? MT I'd love to see your pop-culture-ified version of Arya's death list, if that'd be a thing.”
Last paper of the semester has been officially submitted. WOO
AA's wife is convinced I should have stuck with american history/constitutional law & wants to speak to my mother (to agree with her)
hello, text me?
Question in paper today: 'What books would you recommend for a men's book club?' Do men & women really enjoy drastically different books?
it looks pretty awesome :) an indie film about a young couple who have a problem with ghosts. It's supposed to be super scary!
“: I will beat you mate”--> no chance mate.. USA USA USA!
Good joke by Doug Collins in his presser!
Haha I would have told Chael Sonnen to go fuck him self!
Still stuck @ DFW? Am in line at same. Might get stuck together :-) Have spare room if we do and you need
both?? And some mean green?:)
its just a hobby. That's all
Merry Christmas everybody:)
Bikini Body in 45 minutes or less. Mention this tweet and receive $15.00 off on your ultimate applicator. 713-623-0866.
Heading home from post-rowing XYZ outing, listening to Skinny Puppy on WJCU.
RT Pool is still pretty damn cold... But that's what drinks are for right? We couldn't agree more!
Listening to makes my day :-) ❤
Getting ready for our childhood cancer awareness walk in September, stay tuned for details!
3300 KFC franchises in China and one being added every day. I see the governments strategy. Heart disease and obesity and fatties in China.
At The National concert. Watching people grind on each other during ''Fake Empire''...?
Had an awesome chat with about artists who are awseome tweeters such as
eminem the rapper?
I'm yours by jason mraz is so calming. <3 it.
Oprah told Lisa Ling, "Now that you know, you can't act like you don't know." Wow!
Feel great and drink coffee !Healthy coffee for $1-$1.50 a cup! www.energyconnection.organogold.com! Check this out,you wont regret it!
its what us thugs do
Lames. Can't hang around them
I was suppose to go to the history department.. but its raining hard..
I did bitch but u need to go fuck urself and leave my sexy boys alone YOYO
My head is pounding.
following you bruh.. give ya boy J Notez a follow back
So peeved that da #Bears passed on Boling from UGA to take a safety. I know our secondary needs help, but the o line is dreadful.
Vintage Veronica book launch party was at and they carried the book (hope they'll reorder it soon!)
nope, everything is fine as far as I can tell.
Today at screamtour this girl was about to vomit and she was right next to me I was soo sacred she was gonna puke on me lol
Playing in Tampa at The Orpheum tonight. Come get loose!
new parent account features r such a disappointment, pls reconsider- student+teacher+parent communication is vital!
Long Live Gritty!!!
Secret to a good Mitt Romney impression: Start with Jack Lemmon, gradually reduce charm
I get the feeling that Machop, Machoke and Machamp would be very popular with bros.
BREAKING -- Plane crash near Longmont airport
One of the best parts of #txla12 in Houston? 50% discount at Starbucks for City of Houston employees!
Not particularly surprised -- there is so much research out there! We're doing our best to push out the great science here.
OMFG STERLING KNIGHT FRPM STARSTRUK AND SONNY WITH A CHANCE IS GONNA BE AT OUR MALL HOLY CRAP!!!!!! CNT WAIT TO GO!!!
If you've used Adobe Premiere or Sony Vegas (or their consumer versions), then you know going to iMovie is a productivity-sucking disaster
do you know how long before they reopen that exit to downtown tacoma?
I'm not calling you a liar, Just don't lie to me.
where to start?! "hey, Mickey!", anything by tears for fears or Duran Duran, "just can't enough" by depechemode...
Headed MILvNYM chez Field that Bailout built- YoGa vs. Batista- get at us et al, hope to see Greinke mow tmw too, Go Brewers yadigg
Thank you! You're too sweet.
Please excuse my french but umm...
highlight of the Red Sox season is a bunch of almost dead explayers coming back to wave and shit
working in #Bangkok, #Thailand in April! Excited! Pics of Bangkok look amazing. Hotel w sick #pool, #Thai #food everywhere... AHH.
I deff already tweeted you back.
There is a season for everything, God has a purpose today for whatever season you are in in your life, and it is to prosper you.
for sure. BBM rules the world. Push email, so quick to send and write. Mine was indestructible. Loved it.
Sweet! I convinced our image migration project team to seriously consider Islandora.
Home Depot To Correct Misleading Link Request
With my tour, I got 2 free adult passes (tour/skyfari included) good for TODAY only but I'm a member. If U want them hit me up
Loved new episode of #khloeandlamar they are too cute
New Caps Catalog going to press!
Now we sip champagne when we're thirsty.
Some people bio's sound so stupid
Poor College Students...Why are you so poor?
Dropkick Murphys are @ The Brighton Music Hall tonight. Get your tix while they last.
I was truly inspired by the MJ service today...what I already knew about his life and what I learned. Thank You MJ
": Sit down, 17! I'm trying to watch the game!" AJ Ellis has the power to turn Friends into enemies
Rick Steves is here. Rick Steves is amongst us. He is here.
And then I found two dollars but really I did...
we've got ourselves another 'Wire' convert. Let's welcome to the club.
I wanna watch #workaholics :(
talking to in biology!
on the road again! so excited to play another show.
#DemonicDerek Thanks to all my followers ill follow you back!!
ugh!!! Lol he can't even create his own shot let alone have a decent jumper....plus he's undersized for a sf
I took a Social Media break (a bit too long however) - the "noise" was just getting to be too much. I am wonderful! You?
What will 2012 bring I wonder......
Congrats to Dirk & The Mavs For Doin Work Tonight. Hoops Junkies Love to See TEAMS, Beat Stars.
not seeing my name on here. Can we revise our brackets after tonight? LOL
Opprobrium will find its suitors.
thanks for the RTs! Very much appreciated!
Help keep Drew out of jail... at least for a few more months RT: I don't want to go to jail.
oh okay
...I guess that just means its time to hit the bike & treadmill.
Happy mamma's day!!!
Trying hard to break my cabit. Which means walking in the rain sans umbrella.
When you think of your fav T-shirt, what word comes to mind?
Looking for a .NET centric SOA Architect for the South Florida area.
Donna Frisby Greenwood from funds new media to make informed + engaged communities. Funded youth media in Philly schools.
You know you are old when half the people on your ipod are dead
agreed. It can be brutal! It's same as when nice people are a-holes behind the wheel...no one can "see"
EXACTLY. Oh my fucking gosh, fashion industry interns are ABUSED to the point of horror.
"Don't stop, no matter what. Don't quit, no matter why! …and I will see you on the other side of Talented & Broke!" —DJohnson T&B
Giving up isn't an option! RT If we become cynical and hopeless , the regressive forces win. They'd like nothing better.
I never thought I'd like the gym as much as I do...they have mirrors everywhere. I'm one narcissistic fuck.
If and ever made music together. Oh my god. I could die happy.
bitches they come, they go. saturday thru sunday monday, monday thru sunday yoo.
Absolutely ludicrous that Lucic got tossed tonight. In other news...how many Montreal fans have made 911 calls in the past half hour?
Just scared off some punks trying to steal a bike by yelling "hey", made me feel tough
oh well enjoy the show!
You are: My sugar rush, my cocaine bliss, my illegal high, my perfect kiss. You're an addiction that I always fail to resist.♥
Nice! Hopefully we can sweep this double header!! Im thinking we hit up a clippers next week.. they are home most of the week
is scanning drugstore ads from 1884.
Oh. Fuck it.
Thoughts on #themeforest for #wordpress? advises it's the way to go for photography. Opinions on specific #themes? Please tell.
For sure QB 1, next pk depends on whos left..I'd go best avail RB/WR. Best of luck
hey see you at the after party?
I'm still thinking about that contest I suggested yetserday... I might have it.... hm....
“: Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.”
I'm more excited to see the cool secret service guys.
Im so hurt right now, im just gonna go for a long walk. Fuck this dance.
They're already attacking Romney's wife. So much for being "pro-woman"...
im crying right now, so proud of .<333 :")
To try is to risk failure, but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing.”
It's gorgeous outside. Join us on the sunny patio this afternoon for Happy Hour!
Coffee 1st became trendy in Arabia during the 13th century.
RT : And we are live! Http://www.igniteboulder.com/live !!!
I'm thinking that my classroom incentive system will hinge on a digital currency, likely with the borrowed name "bitcoins." Thoughts?
Yay! Glad you enjoyed it!!
and are looking and SOUNDING amazing this afternoon
Some of the best lessons we ever learn we learn from our mistakes and failures. The error of the past is the wisdom of the future
im waitin door is open!
of fathers really want to see their kids &the momma is blocking...take it to court to show how serious you are
thanks for all your support, darling! you're the best. :)
I hate when I'm on the train and my phone is being slow :(
hell yeah. Androns paying for me so hit him up
Agreed! Nothing makes me dump a site like poorly written
Well, I find myself flipping between the #redwings and #grammys. Both are hard to resist tonight.
Hey i know you love us so much you know how i can tell your crepe ;)
I hate annoying people!!!!
Sometimes it's hard to accept the fact you're not made for something.
i don't even know what that means. lol
i need some new somgs on my ipod!!!! got 543 songs but bored with all of them. any suggestions??? :)
as of today has 5,000 followers; if you're not there yet and are a trainer/teacher/learner, check out their offerings
Just a reminder if you have 6 or more people and would like a FREE bottled/table at Cream Monday Night please text/call 602.348.1722.
True. But at least it wasn't embarrassing.
Spray tans are never the answer .. I'm orange and smell .
So why are you up late working you crazy musician you?
Too true ": you are the lamest person with whom I've ever came in.contact. EVER."
Oh my god, do I love Heartbreak Ridge. Haha, Clint Eastwood's amazing. "don't give the ***** the satisfaction" "REECOOON!"
Listening to Will Allen talk about fixing the worst food in cities--in schools & hospitals.
Hey did you guys take down the pictures of the posters that had been vandalized?
still only one play
Pre-gaming with
We'll be meeting this Sunday at Fountain of Life - on the corner of Beulah Church Rd and Delightful Way :-)
I am trying to order a new i phone via ur "AT&T Upgrader" I am getting an error where it is repeatedly asking me for my #
The food drive to benefit the Rainier Valley Food bank continues for one more night - bring your cans down!
pwning me last minute
i think i am going delirious ahhaa
please pretty please follow me and add me on oovoo if you have one...
I don't get why you have to take your anger out on me -____-
Love when my body hits auto pilot...
Beautiful morning in London! Considering not returning to wales anytime soon!
Lol I'm just not really into this site yet
and Eisen...smug bastard.
Vin Scully should be the announcer for the Dodgers until he turns 150 y.o.!
yup got to live for the boys. now wish i would not have backed out of the cruise. ill b fine by then.
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithWeed "Resident Weed"
I'm gonna smile, not just because I deserve to, because I have God in my life♥ .
Had an eventful night, mad fun, have some great memories. 2morrow is a much needed half day of rest, then get back into the grind of things.
lol bro the games are played for a reason. Can't say OKC will win when no one really knows
they can get handouts, but screw people on unemployment, welfare, Medicare, pell grants etc. ...it's sickening.
not in the Midwest ... Bring the whole family!
Yes, indeed! The Aztec dancers are fierce this year.
Yeah survives The wretched Damien. #BreakoutKings Bring her back for Season 3
Hiccups for 10 mins straight D: 😖
Act Quickly on Opportunities: “To succeed, jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions.” - Benjamin Franklin
no way! Omg ;D
I just love how my softball team can make me feel better in just one practice <3
haha yeah, these were for sale. I know what ones you're talking about.
Heading to the game tonight. Let's do this!
Why'd the post office so crowded!?
Yep, I'm working the grandstands. And I have a training at 2:30 on Sunday to learn what to do
it's going to be OK. because you are awesome.
Watching the cats play!
you told me to come here to read this? Poop you!!!
yeah I got you if I'm coming I gotta see if can drive downtown cause I refuse to take cta for pizza lol
i will fight u lets do this...wait r we fighting naked? if not deals off lol
hataz gonna hate
I'll be with my cuzzo in the West Village
Ever have a to do list that makes you want to go crawl into bed & pull the covers over your head ?
hahaha o girl. i see you, i see you. i have to be at school in less than 2 hours..
Been craving coconut shrimp tacos for weeks hopefully they aren't sold out again
Andy's Jazz Jam Session: Tonite - 9pm @ 11 E Hubbard, Musicians Free, Vocalists Welcome. $10 Gen. Admission. HOpe to CU There.
AA, one of the primary gram negative anaerobic bacteria associated with gum disease, accelerates atherosclerosis through LDL Oxidation
If not, I am FREE Wednesday!!!
Con't ... It is still painfully bad. I made the mistake of sitting threw another installment and I was so sad at the end...
the haters who continue to slam the 85 yo woman for her olive garden review are heartless losers. let the woman have her opinion.
Just found out that Beyoncé's wedding ring was $5 million... Well done Jay, well done.
check your DMs from me Sabrina
it's very important
Free Fuel Friday @ 5pm codeword today: MOM ~ Steve
candide! I love it :)
"The book is realistic. It's not amatuerish, nor does it seek sympathy. " Anne Meek, Cultural Alliance of Greater Hampton Roads
did you figure it out yourself or do you have ppl?
finally about to dig in to MNWAM ... lookin forward to the experience
Sorry. The draft I watch isn't until June. And it lasts 3 days. And has 50 rounds. And I'll be announcing the picks some day.
Council hears financial and investment reports from Board Treasurer Nancy J. Vickers and Director of Finance Lawrence R. Wirth.
I get really pissed when I find hair in my food
thanks girl and lol still home aha :)
I am so sorry Kathleen. My heart goes out to you and your families.
how did word processing change author's attitudes toward writing?
#ballofsunshine that's how I feel right now knowing I've had my ticket for months now :)))
Decided to give it a test run.
Was at a dinner last week w/a vertical of La Conseillante. Awesome wine! I'll be in Bordeaux soon but the châteaux is closed for renovation
Happy Birthday Jason! (CA timezone barley 12 hehe :). ) Anways Have A Fun Day!!!
The continuous changing of UNM passwords is messing me up
It's so easy, you'll wonder why you never "fondued" before! :-)
of course.
whats he done about jobs for three years why does he care now election time he still wont do a dam thing
Thanks for retweeting my post about tomorrow's episode of "Awake." You are awesome!
hahahahah do people really ask that? isn't it actually patios? like just a dialect?
i didn't get a call!
did my presence for a few days get you into twitter and foursquare ?
Thanks Kev! When are you coming back? It's been a minute!
It is #tacotuesday, after all.
FINALLY ITS FRIDAY!!! RT/DM for any table or parties! We'll take care of you! Exciting weekend...Don't miss out! Happy Friday friends!
Cookie dough ice cream on krispy kreme doughnuts breakfast of champions
double 0 negro needs his own account! !!
Yep we all do!!
Fuck it not waisting time on the past #SingleLife (:
Adding interactive elements and transitions to our #Facebook photo game.
Money I get paid
in home for sure
Are you ok?
RT : TY for a great online web meeting today!
Someone comes up to me at Kams and asks if I know
What is the next music revolution in USA?
I was talking about the cat, but I'LL PLAY ALONG. c:
GATER'S FACE IS MY DRUG!
AUSTIN RIVERS
Ellerman on News Corp: Govt would have to argue that reporters acted to 'obtain business' when they bribed police officers for info.
my second period teacher is so annoying w/his ugly ass!
The most underrated band of all time is Silverstein, no debate
Will you be at the DAX show in Minneapolis next week to see us in &J's booth #707?
hahahahaha just a little...
Good Night
Another happy hour I got talked into celebrating the nice weather!!!
Texas Fam Law Tip of the Day: If suddenly you could no longer communicate, do your loved ones have what they need to carry out your wishes?
Mom is back home from the hospital! I think she is doing very well! :)
Thanx so much Dan for the support. You rock big time!!!
Tonight I Can't Sleep , We Living In Hell !
I am always virtually there to help! (wish I were physically there too)
Jump then fall
I agree 100 percent. The Internet boom and Enron debacle highlight why this doesn't work.
k but it's gota be a day I go an I will proudley get it haha just cuz u held me to it hahhahahahah:)
happy to hear that, trak!
Ughh I can't choose!!(:
If you eat too much comfort food, it's not comfort food anymore...
Almost 5pm here on the East! which means the weekend starts soon!
anywhere hahaha :) smiles and laughs
I'm loving these poems from Tupac's book The Rose That Grew From Concrete.
#YoMommaSoFat she had to get baptised at sea world.
Fuccckkkk your opinion
yeah......anyways, sup Emma?
hope all is well. Whit and I are glad to hear you made it Home. Sorry we couldn't make it out to the SD clubs last night!
thanks for the Jameson
Did you even go in that photo booth last night?
Thank you! You are clearly a Twitter expert!
“: Derek Jeter is 3-3 tonight and is now hitting above .400. He's also 37 years old.” that's my dude!
Wishing I was at Wrigley Field right now
come on dude, you know they were there to show off that strut she was doing.
in class  love our sub 
I sleep to wake and take my waking slow.
What to think when your gf retweets ": I know that you really want somebody but baby Im somebody that dont really need you
I still Turn to You ♥
Wtf I'm still up for like I don't got shit to do in the morning!!!!! Huh
To the Renn Faire! And fun reads
Haha he sure did! I wonder what the 2016 Draft will bring? ;)
It's gonna be in the 80s this weekend! Who's as happy as I am!
death cab for cute + magic magic orchestra= beautiful music! Feeling groovy!
company credit cards are very helpful at times like this.... Hope you can make it!
Hope you're having a great week! Thanks for sharing our posts, Paul!
Welcome back to twitter
If I told you that I Hate you, would you laugh, smile, stare, walk away? Or would you simply say. . . I Love you too.
Haha - must have zoned out :-P
Monday Madness–Today only! Get 50% off of any glass of wine with purchase of any food item (excludes happy hour)...
Still doing "Electrical" work, but this plan "B" thing.... MUSIC!!!! Just keeps POPPING even though it just fun for me :0/
WE HAVE BOYS TRUNK FIT IN NOW!!!!
STOP BEING A CREEP.
What a way to kill the conversation -_____-
money on my mind, everyday. that's all i want :)
Spoke to soon...the place is only doing bottle service now #nothanks. The search continues..wouldn't mind a house party either.
love the way life goes when your focused...u will have to sacrafice some things...but go hard NOW , in the end, everyone will be happy
Yea I'm ridin dirty I ain't referring to hygiene
I have a fever & my throat hurts
Lester and Verlander combine for 13 pitches in the first inning..Wow!
Just gave the lady at smoothie king $10 and she gave me $13 back
Exposing factory farm prctics should go mainstream. B great if we could put awful pictures on food like cigs.
Wish it never ended! RT : is the only band that I go see that I get sad after because the show is over. I love them.
i feel you.. keep it up tho, its gone pay off in tha long run
Looking for a walk off in the ninth
aight and thank you(:
and the good ones are smart enough not to want the power :)
Genius idea. All-Star Real Housewives. Take the craziest housewives from each show and put them on an island somewhere.
Life is too short not to live it to the fullest.
FACT OR MYTH? A heart rate monitor is the most accurate way of letting you know how hard your body is working.
tobacco valeurs I believe
People say im a ban wagon becausd i was with the hornets with cp3 im with cp3 any were he even when he on the bobcats lol that too far
2nd time commanded 2 write mish's or servicemen, 2nd x to record impressions and be grateful, 3rd to not hold unrighteous dominion.
non-profits will benefit a ton from this I believe!
pretty sure last night was my 2nd time getting sushi since I moved to New York in 2008.
ha! My guess; everyone gets it but T Dog - and he gets a spin off next year - a zombie variety show with musical numbers :)
or a novel!
U must have started reading 's book #CrushIt that I gave you! RT : , , guess who's back!?
Got copy of the script w/my scene with #TerryKiser in #BailOut. So excited!!! It's going to be good! You have to watch it when it comes out!
Downtown Miami is all abuzz with a million cop cars and people protesting... What could it be?!
I feel like a lobster right now -_-
Weekend is almost here....Any big plans??
Screaming Tuna SIN Mondays. 3, 4, 5$ sushi rolls. 1/2 off select cocktails & beers. Patio on the riverwalk.
for me it moves the school up in public perception.. and therefore enrollment...long term.
aw, thanks so much, Kelsey!
going 2 go to schlitterbahn today[:
I miss basketball.
I been getting sleepy early.
Just Do It ! Enjoy the ride ~
Yea man, legs to grow! You good on the bench?
So...eating a half a bag of trail mix at 3:45am and then going to bed is totally okay, right guys? Right?!
how long you going to be in Mexico City for? You should meet up with my peoples:
How do you feel about curling?
hi I am a big fan! can u please follow,RT, or reply to me but a follow would be the bst thing ever! <3 :)))
Romney doesn't like being quoted out of context as he was today about the "very poor" but that's exaxtly what he does to Obama in his ads
Which one of you homers said the Badgers were a final 8 team on Friday? Does that make UNLV a final 4 team?
happy holidays love both u schmucks-lmao!!! U better be living it up!!!
Hump day, let's get over it!
this is basically the next chapter of ......we had a line-up change and had to change the name due to possible legal trouble
It's official. Totally in love with Adam Schoenberg's music. Bravo on his world premiere!
Employee Appreciation Wk is here! Join us in Red Arrow Park for free lunch for the 1st 1,000 guests.
I'm sorry!!
Just made myself a yummy banana smoothie...!(: Yeah buuddyyy...! <3
good morning to you!
So. Damn. Close.
There's like 20-25 waitresses at this Applebee's right now and maybe only a handful of tables here. Wish I could get paid to stand around.
Im going ta tha moon# future fan
Im going to show you real physical pain for the emotions you brought up in me.
reports Church's Chicken to become the official "greazy" chicken partner of the Southwestern Athletic Conference ()
N seeing me!! When u goin!? RT : Florida is all Im lookin foward to this summer
That songs too fuckin trill
Sun is out but it's raining... Ahh the tropics..
Man I'm sayin, y its so damn foggy out here. Even wit the brights I can see ish
#Duets #TeamJennifer all the way! Gotta Love the Best!
Happy Birthday Sis I Miss You !!!!
dear foot, please agree with me. sincerely, i wanna play tonight.
it needs to be Thursday already!!!!!!!!
#pointlesscelebrities Kardashians, lol if Kim didn't fuck Ray J & make a tape nobody would even know them!
If you were back in the TV biz - how would you do it? #powertweetball RT : they still show the live lottery drawings on TV?
you brought life back into my heart. Be mine forever and ever
If I ever feel like I'm doing something I've done before, I scrap it and start over again.- Paul Newman
She's a FB all-American for sure! Love her Ali updates though. “: My mom staaayyss on fbook now...pretty impressive actually”
Thanks but at this time we are trying Flagship Merchants. We may be able to use you in the future tho.
#GWU, come to Pesto in #GWJStreet to see what Chef Uotila from Finland is cooking up today
da you do.
you deserve it all.
Dinner at Harbor House on M Onday with was splendid. Can't wait to come back
Just finished 3 days Art Modeling in Laguna Beach! Like a mini-vacation with pay!
Tryin to take away a life, is you GOD muthafucka?
you're the best. thanks! :)
My weekend is winding down. NO!!!!!!
She wanna lick the wrapper, and she can lick the rapper.(;
Ahah. You've got one life to live girlyy. Live it upp. =) We're gonna bake so muchh.
My sister is watching my 3 month old daughter and just sent me a pic infront of a tattoo shop
Looking at a very fast car. Saw what Steve Saleen can do to a Challenger! WOW. The new SMS Challenger.
Include me in your #FF? :)
Alright, you said I was the one you liked most...if that was true then why did you chose her.?
Please please please do NOT wear sandals or flip flops if ur feet aren't done or no polish. unless ur feet are just THAT cute. I hate feet
Pierre - Jagr does not play for the Pens...dumb ass.
#thelockout is over.bout time I can watch em Knicks run shit
The only thing I don't like about A days is that I barely see my best friend.
Whats some of the hottest songs out right now
Oh sure go right ahead and take off chunks of skin when you're clipping my nails, Asian. I was hoping to bleed at the salon today
Let's encourage to tweet.
it's like Doug Fister is back with the Mariners
Appreciate the shout out!
all tweets about metro and the hookah is making me jealous cause they don't have anything like that out here in pensacola,fl..smh
Drunk pasta making.. This should be interesting
I would like french fries dipped in a Frosty.
why thank you ;)
Great seeing you at #SYSoul! Way to put some shine back on Alaska! You had me cracking up with that anti-Palin comment!!!
#FridayReads Finishing HORNS by today, then starting THE WIND THROUGH THE KEYHOLE by
I quit watchin the game and the Nuggets start killing it...
i know! Our plans better work..and duhh we always ballin' (:
A4 as once said - Be professional on social media- nobody wants to hear whining/personal drama.
Fred, Vernon, and Martha
m yeah they lost 84-99
The parents are nuzzled all snug in their bed. Christmas break has now begun as has the dread.
YOOOO HE JUST GOT OFF LIKE WTF
damn how u doin anyway
cuz it's the same thing basically
& nice I saw Ryan for like 5 secs at graduation but neither of you two!
Yes, I like fudge.
um, I think I am the one that is supposed to utter terrible puns.
RT : you guys deserve it, amazingly talented..thanks for framing the beauty in Newark~~I luv what we do!
I can imagine that only being good if the L and the T were really good or also fake to match flavor
We are seeing a growing call for indigenous participation in oil producing countries -Boyo
weak, primo's it is then.
Frozen four on makes me realize how badly I miss the on espn #garythorne cc:
the beginning
Linux: The OS people choose without $200,000,000 of persuasion. ~ Mike Coleman
just found out my new phone has Myspac IM built in it!!!!
Back from shanghai ! pics will be up soon
my FRIEND was asking about you earlier....
Can not wait to see you guys in New Mexico!! LOVE the show!!!
I hope your doing ok! I had people die in my family and not to say its the same, but I know it's hard. There's no words :(
Finally found a nigga that can make me some beats im finna be on my shit now
wooohoo! Congrats Young Hollywood Showcase...fabulous evening! Thank you all who came out to support. We're back on Monday 2/13.
Chaz Williams misses the ft and the Minutemen need one more stop. #Drexel ball with 15.7 seconds to play. #UMass 72-70
: thanks so much! Next year we need more Italians :) big hug.
Happy Wednesday.
aw actually I had to make the tough decision to cancel that talk. I'm doing MuseumNext in Barcelona instead. Do hope to meet!
I'm intrigued. Is Darryl Hannah in it?
Fab call to arts for California Artists - Pan Am - Sinatra - World landmarks... "Come Fly With Me"
JESUS ..what the HELL?
Follow follow follow follow folow
Well, off to portland
Sign its going to be 2500 *at least* to get my car fixed. I have a feeling I'm gonna be walking everywhere for a while
I'd really like to be the grounds keeper at the Chicago botanic gardens
Closed Dow trade at target (7970) for 400 pts. Still long Gold and Short crude
u did so good! I enjoyed watching it live. Thanks for the great surf!!!
Bladerunner was set in 2019. At that point, the film will still be covered under copyright for 83 more years!
“: You did you said all of the right things, I did I meant all of the wrong things #Numb”
we still got another 53 minutes..(: 2012 #mahomies take over!
.: Nobody trying to find out what's true, just repeat allegs about vandalizing coffee cart, etc.
That feel when you try and do homework, but you just can't. Procrastination sucks.
is chloe follow you or chris
Heading out to check out my favorite guys in Orange and Blue this morning. The Spokane Shock have less than a week till opening night!
Do you need approval or something from us?
Niggas fuckin wit that Stars N Stripes
now I'm having girl problems- can't decide which shirt to wear!
This day in 1968: Milwaukee awarded NBA basketball franchise thanks to the efforts of the late Wesley D. Pavalon and Marvin Fishman.
Law firm profile photo with a collarless shirt: Why? Is it about your comfort, or how you want others to consider you professionally?
Where is your house? It's too far out for , but might work for other buyers w/whom I'm working?
this week? I can't hold them forever. Lol. I got two
yeah I did it yesterday. There are a couple new features which are nice. I did it at work so it was faster with their server
Perfect way to get hit by car ... Run into on coming traffic screaming
I'm looking forward to seeing #TheHobbit w/ its 48fps. Anything that will cram more information into my brain than it can handle is ok w/ me
Lots of courses next week: Excel: Intermediate, Access: Intermediate, Word: Intermediate, InDesign: Basic & more... www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
shes on the mind...
please DM your email, and I'll follow-up about sending one for review. We could overnight and get it to you by Friday
You too Pee-Wee Herman :)
Shouts out to new fam - where can we check ur beats fam??
.listen to the people. Increase tax for the rich and companies.
Hates it when people discriminate against my mom
Mankind fears an evil man but heaven does not.
I am not very good at this either just so you know,I just did something but I don't know what hahah
You never realize how much you like someone until you watch them like somebody else.
lol, as a Packers fan who also uses them in Madden I always think the same thing.
Wish the academy awards show was on earlier so that I could watch all of it.
RT : We have a new phone number! Make note: 414-301-1414
Almost fell off the elliptical not once but TWICE tonight. Tell me that mental picture is NOT hilarious.
RT : Somebody that I used to know
I'm officially DONE, we've went from jeggins 2 smiley face bikini's....RAP is Outta Control!!!
... partly because his version of a "hero" story lets his healer superpower compensate for his general shittiness. Maybe this is similar.
Does anyone still wear a hat?
well I think the only issue is tami for acting childish an Susie for feeling like she needs to report everything to tami
Made positive life decision not to Keep up with the Kardashians anymore. No bad feelings, but think we'll all be fine without each other!
I am totally fine sitting by myself or with the full timers. Or going home for lunch. Doesn't matter to me
Everybody follow my girl ! She's so awesome and follows back 100%! Follow Now & u get a solo shoutout! <3
The Nuggets deserve this series
Merry Christmas my friends!!
So damn, whatchu finna do now?? When can you record period?
Wonders if you can create a status paradox where twitter goes to facebook and back to twitter and back again and again and again...
That was me today
#TheTrialist will actually decide if there will be an #NFL season or not.
": I'm thinking about moving back to texas....."//sit yo ass down
its okay dont worry :)
Okay, seven-job week, let's do this.
oh tight! Did Bluey's set go well? He mentioned earlier on twitter not being able to soundcheck.
Be careful everyone!!! We care about you all! Be safe and very cautious on the road! Love,
drya Better stop
that is not a simple "tweetable" answer. Send me an email and I will have our Dep Superintendent answer
PLEASE CHECK YOUR DM'S!
Break a bitch heart no future
the entire outside world just disappeared into a sheet of fog.
online banks are an idea I hadn't thought of.
whats the latin homework?
how's ny??? Hope u like it :) but ur gonna love miami even more
THE #SECONDMATRIX WAS NOT A TERRIBLE FILM
We all have front row seats on history...
are you losing weight? you're looking mighty skinny lately
I wish I had the mouth of this guy.
We need to acquire New Thinking + New Habits + Long Term Viewpoint = to acquire an Extraordinary Mind to have an Extraordinary Life!
GM!!! Follow
that will heal up good by keeping cold on it and aloe, may not blister then and just heal up.
Make me that nigga.
I Can't FUCK Witchuu Like That No More.
clearly ya'll have earned it.
You are all beautiful in your own individual way so never lower your standards.
Some people think isn't funny but I find him halrious !!!😝😝😝
black on black
Just met with our social media team to discuss our plan for #USF Facebook Timeline. Can't wait to launch new features!
Playing Sunday brunch at the Grand Bohemian downtown Orlando 10:30-2:30 today
Hey! I know you don't knwo me but I would like to say that I saw your pictures and I think its really cool that your a dancer.I ..
I just knew that YOU of all people would pick up on that BS part.....:)
I will until a rematch occurs. We need to have it with your gangster neighbors on their porch.
time to eliminate those friends.
I love how my mom assumes i get up. the only person she actually wakes up is my sister. one day im just gunna stay asleep.
follow me on twitter
Just got ready to go out for dinner & my friend's 2-yr old (with whom I've been playing all day) said, "who's that?" good sign? Bad sign?
ok.:D
Enjoying thomas tweed's _america's church_ on 20th century catholics
Sitting on le toilet.
After a long evening seems like I have a recording software issue so recording comes to a halt until I can figure it out. Brain tired ;(
lolremember her today tryna get all loud 4 her roe-roe baybee
Just a shout out for all of our followers, you guys are awesome! We can't do what we do without you.
Niggaz with weak voices .. <<<
My dad is reading aloud about crows from his bird book
don't you love that pic? he looks so f'ing cool.
The Dan Snyder: Two pieces of bread with one slice of cheese. Costs $49.99
Luca by Brand New... Incredibly perfect.
Bummer. Would be good to have you! /cc
I seriously have THE best daddy in the world!
Take in some art tonight and enjoy First Friday in Indy!
New music coming soon!!! Stay tuned!!
he remembered my purple hair from Nic's wedding lol
Check out San Diego Wine & Culinary at #weddingpartybridalshow!
Topics on Pro. Women section include: Are You a Social Media Rihanna or Beyonce? + Perfect Fit of Biz Suit.
would it be pronounced wik-a-PAY-dia? Check with Ted and get back to me
I always tell the truth, even when I lie
I can't wait for you to meet and <3
Watching the pregnancy project #why?
#Oomf got a FAT ass !
Headache. Book overload. Dehydration (armory is DRY). Two days and I feel like I've seen nothing. Pirages bindings spectacular.
Normal Sunday night tasting of beers from around the world in my kitchen talking art
should be humble for you are made of earth, be noble for you are the stars
Sometimes you send out an email, and sometimes you send out 45,000 and cause the server to shit the bed.
#Now Listening to Tank Wedding song oomf put me up on it!
RT - bout to order me & kei dis new england patriots creeper set for our babies .
50 years of dancing have made Eddie Torres the King of Mambo Dance. Period. Do you want to be treated like Eddie? Get 100,000 students first
money√ kush√ cars√ my life!√
Thanks much for the RT!
Went to court for the bogus trespassing Citation and the Charges were never filed...... Thank Ya Lord!!!!
I'm down!!!! Start tonight?
What was it like being out in LA for American Idol? Miss ya' on there!
I just did! Totally worth it, this show is constantly surprising me
The Internet is saturated with Cindy Sherman.
her voice is so smooth !
#NewFangledElectrics RT : Doctors declare that the electric light will eventually destroy eyesight. MI1880
sorry Mike. We got schedules confused.
I'm in Kansas City Back Stage Preparing to inspire the Children of Kansas City Pride, Pride is not just a word its a Lifestyle, Live it!
RT : John Watson tip: cut the sexual tension w/awkward small talk.
Sorry for your loss ;) #LFC had me nervous for awhile. Glad it's over!
Functional Bed and Breakfast art www.martonart.weebly.com/restaurants-hotels-bed-and-breakfasts.html
Got hired today at Universal Orlando!! Start on May 21st!! Working at Ripsaw Falls in IOA
and gets the munchies together.
Watching raw #wwe :D
want awesome plush toys made, go see
After sitting in Boston traffic,spending 4hr on a bus, and carrying a suitcase through the subway,it's good to find my apt feels like home.
#Insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results
If Donna Lewis released a greatest hits album with 16 tracks of "I love you always forever" I'd buy it.
I do what I can. Headed to class tweet you later!
Im scared of fat hoes! ...lol
yea ok, try and cover it up. ;)
Lol I Would Dah Same I get To Meet Diggy He Is Just Fine Jacob Latimore <3 To Many Cuties lol
#1Dfact Louis jumped into the crowd in Wellington and got chased by Paul. Only Lou can pull that off! Gosh i love him!<3-Kelly
That's a sweet scene.
hoping it is some fake merch some independent seller is peddling
nahh man not right now, I want to start it up in the summer again so we'll see. there's a couple of good open mics in newark tho
So why yall dont be coming like that annymore
Do you know how much snow we would have had if it had been cold during these last two big rain storms.
A few of our Miriam's Studio artists have work in this week's issue of Pick up your copy from a vendor today!
Ah...bed. You feel good.
I don't feel anyone is trustworthy enough to hold my love. Two people have already proved it to me.
Best to you Sara!
nice seeing you yesterday at the Casino! Rosie&Rocco's looks great. We'll be neighbors! #BSpot #Rosie&Rocco's
okay no stop -.-
we're both out of luck :'(
Do u have ore than one of those tank tops cuz u wear them alot
Sweetkick has been presented with a wonderful opportunity. The big apple calls. NY bound for an events internship with amazing networking.
Oh is that all? RT : “If you want to be loved, be lovable” Ovid
Hi Ryan. The assignment is due on Dec. 1. Stay on top of stuff and you should be ok
It's like you have to be strong for everybody else, but they forget to ask if you're okay.
:) RT : One hour can make a big difference - look at DST. Put in an extra hour working toward your dreams & see what happens.
Finally got around to completing 3's single-player campaign and damn, was it worth it. Keep up the stellar work #DICE!
Design problem: create open space for people to reflect and create not just consume
BREAKING: Big Oil up with pro- ads in violation of "People's Pledge."
So tired. It was a big day. Looking forward to finishing off the Spring 2012 semester tomorrow!
I-405 northbound closed at 6th Ave for police activity. Traffic is being rerouted downtown.
lol petty ass
#FF: Thanks for the shout out!
#fridayreads (audio) Paladin of Souls by Lois McMaster Bujold
Wondering if you would need an advanced degree to be able to complete then accurately ...
stole the show tonight
RT I don't wanna see none of u niggas with them plaid picnic blanket shorts this summer, I swear ←!!!!!!!!
Lol, we were definitely on that jam for a cool minute.
HahahahaRT : The amount of times I think and say the c word these days I could easily be twin sister
The prom? You are a brave man amidst all those run-amok hormones tonight. Ha
Thanks! So are you! MT #FF the most epic they are great friends too :)
Watching "a time to kill" with
Redlight tattoo! Corner of Coors and Gun Club!
I'm still tweeking #shutterfoundry. What would you like to learn?
Trust me when I say that Barack WILL save our economy by raising taxes on EVERYBODY when he is re-elected in 2012. Government knows best!!!!
“: GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS GAS, STOP. NOW MAKE THOSE MOTHA FUCKIN PRICES DROP”
It's about to be hiring season here at Ideas and Pixels, and we would love to ask you one simple question: Have you ever lied on a resume?
nope. Hot dogs with chili, and cookies. Per game meal was gumbo and it was magnificent
Don't take it personal.
”Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit.” - Conrad Hilton
Defend ethnic studies!
MadMen looks to be ridic already!
Flyer's rights folks often don't focus on injustice of profiling people based on race/religion/etc. Thanks for sharing this!
RT : One of the photographers at this wedding is using bounce flash, outdoors.....
Social Saturday
Happy Mothers Day!! ❤❤
my background is dlmqsldmasdjasio. he is an angel
I'm City Like Them Other Folk.. But I Ain't No Average Joe.
what up baby!!!
Playoff Hockey is so intense, I'm buggin out REAL hard
Think i will study for marketing after dusk. :/
no but I love kiwi sounds yummy
and thank you!
- Thanks for the follwo, fellow #twitter friend! Have a great day.
Ready for the MLB All Star game in 4 hours!
Is #starting to #see the
maybe I can come up with something to hold people over till them :)
I googled it because I was curious. And that seems pretty accurate for you. Ahah
Bartab's making the madness last this week with FREE drink sends this Thurs from 12-5 PST. Spread the word!!
She kissed me & I flew away!
Just checking in to see if I could see the slides from your Seattle 2.0 awards presentation. :)
It wasn't me, but I'm doing the same thing...
This looks like a great cycling group for women
Caucuses and marriages, third time is a charm for Newt.
thank god.... can he go away for good?
can you tell me about #klout through twitter? Or should I #google it? #feelingoutdated on social media.
At #masjid Hamza praying with all my MusLim people
I love me some Ron Paul. But #Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson ain't exactly chopped liver! Give the governor some love. U can supp both!
Storms are rolling thru. Good day to catch up on the DVR. Hope you have sunshine where you are!
People who tweet "who is Steve Jobs" from a Iphone, ipad, or Mac <
School.. #redbull time
or... they can make the whole plane first class... that's probably the best option
Warriors sign C Kwame Brown to one-year deal
If the world doesn't end on December 21st, I have a feeling a lot of babies will be born September 2013.....
Wen I wake up in the morning I always thank my heavenly Father > Jesus :-)
2 MORE HOURS OF MY BIRTHDAY AND STILL HASN'T FOLLOWED ME! please follow me it would make my birthday the best bday ever!!!!!!!
Huntsman is the man!
Happy Easter from Elite Pro Painters!
WE THE PEOPLE Elected the Officials who Passed Laws to Lock-Up Millions of Humans -- Now Let Us Elect Officials to Unlock 10%
I've heard that its a very weak plot and that it's just beautiful visually
GLOBE &amp; MAIL: Mercer International Abandons Battle For Fibrek
This Is How We Do. But I fell in love with them when I heard Dear Maria live <3
I'll be at International Consumer Electronics Show CES Fri-Sun. Are you going? What's a must see?
WAITING FOR JUSTIN BIEBER TO COME ON THE VOICE!!!!
There's nothing like having a team. 4 minds is better then 1 !! #Kingdom work
not much just been on my music grind!
Josh Bazell should be emailing me, and I will keep everyone posted. If his second book is like first, he will do more FREE Med Work...
Haha well thank you!
No, I will eat all kinds of foods, but I loathe potatoes. They taste like cardboard and are filler food.
The lockout has provided me with a game almost every single night. Worth the wait.
Teach your ADD/ADHD child to take responsibility for his actions by being responsible for your own.
proud of you
wine pairing - nutella on toast?
keep your chin up!
why no #ESPN sports nation #Golf Q&A this week? I miss it man! PLEASE don't make me read Q&A!! It was boring at best:(
"Don't worry, be happy." Eternal words of wisdom. Make this year a happy year!
Just rented 400 computers in London to render out our final fly through animation sequences for 4:11 Gospel of Grace. Now it's getting fun.
Tonight was a great example of Fugitive gone wrong.
I upgraded my iPhone and lost all my apps
hahaha oh gosh. I so wasn't gonna go here. But since the window opened.....
The RKPR website got a makeover! What do you think?? www.rkpr.net
Funny you should say that! My mother says it all the time :-) Can't beat good ol' organic honey!
that does suck. Don't worry, I'll be sure to put your tickets to good use.
Happy that today is my Friday. :)
I bet senses was full of 18 yr olds 😂😂😂
So frustrating that my hosting company is in meltdown mode and the site is paying the price - offline for days. Makes me want to give up.
Now in the locker rooms haven't shown one credential funny how far you can get when you act like you belong.
Oh, shit! They all did die!!! Well.
Or strip club
Game changer?
#FF to our fellow Brewers!
how can i hear some of ur tracks
Nice #Seinfeld reference!
Xo RT : thanks babes, you said it right!!!!
it is! Living the blessed life!
Nights like this I hate that I have to go to bed so early. Great 1st half for the Nuggets.
Imma Lyrical Motivator
Back at Boomerjacks in Mesquite, TX editing on Dr. Mark Van Stone's interactive book for the iPad on the #2012Meme. Making progress!
ROCKING THE MIC & GETTING STUPID!!! This Wed! Apr11th! w/ & Say #BrownRiceComedy & UR in FREE!!!
Taking a break from working on the house and yard this weekend - focused on just being Daddy for a couple days. :-)
i wish all of uguys will follow me and help me 2 get more followers
The dance Justin does in the ending of Boyfriend is friggen sexy (:
Its about that time again....Goat Time that is! Come on down to 809 W. Randolph!
stay down...work it out.... until you come up
FOLLOW-UP QUOTE - "What? Me worry." Alfred E. Neuman. The epitome of "confidence."
awwee shucks... Lol...making it happen soon 8 songs deep.... You know I love YOUR music.... Yup
Work time this early!! Leggo merp!
I feel like throwing up...://
I good in bed listening to the radio.
Is this your Super Bowl? This might be my Super Bowl.
What is up with this weather? I swear it was just raining SIDEWAYS! Good thing I brought a coat today.
I made it safely to Orlando!!!!
Insurance "Exchange" intended to provide consumers with centralized, online access to health care coverage.
Looking forward to it, buddy. Have a good weekend. V/BTFU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm really bad at leaving voicemails.
Dion Dublin. Defender & Striker
I have found opportunities do not come to those who wait. They are captured by those who attack. If you would like a fast track financial fr
Woow! I chase after the dog & I get treated like this.. BITCH much!
Sleep is the cousin of death, so my eyes wide open!!! - - itsPabloTime.com people!!!
hahaha thts wht I thought u ment to say but I wasn't exactly sure
The moment I ask my car insurance company to lower my rates b/c I've had no car accidents is the moment I have a car accident.
you are so cute , please follow meh <3
What is Vision without clarity, focus, and perspective? Blindness.
$$$ My Bitch Bad lookin like a Bag of Money $$$
we're in the happy business ;)
Today's Relationships: You can touch each other, but not each others phones.
Just crank 'em up so we can all hear, wherever we are. ;D
Author of the Social Media Bible Lon Safko is live on skype in my social media course at PSU...cool!
Who are your favorite Seattle food reviewers? #bloggers #press etc?
Thank you! :) RT : Need to #volunteer try great org!
tonights interview on NIGHTWATCH has been canceled and will be rescheduled for October.
Leaving a French Purfumery and headed out to see Nice!
I Got Money On Stacks, Got Weed In Packs, Got Bottles On Racks, Who Fucking Wit Me. Mane.. Chill Out Relax Lol
Modular mussels = thanksgiving nap 3. + booze combo. Love + love + love
F.M.G we all we got
I follow you & and have never been fired from CBS, you should give me a follow
I agree. This is bogus! I wanted to throw the remote at my tv..
mailing his things back to him like tomorrow, this is going to be hard for me </3
It's great it's Friday, but it sucks it's not even noon yet.
I use it at least twice a session in first year seminars (also, the library doesn't have its own clickers)
“: if twin females marry twin males, and they each have a child, will both children look alike?? o.O Mind=Blown” hmm...
Boy I turn that thang into a rainforest
thank you for introducing me to in the rooms!
Struggling to tie a ribbon on the one gift I have to wrap myself (my wife's). "This should be simple," I think. "Pretend you're tying a...
Old movie re-run beats live footy
Helping customers stream awesome programs online
When we went to the beach today they our us on a all girls bus, like omfg They were all aggravating AF.
D-wade all the way!!!
you and me both! Too bad just gave PhiPhi hope about the "boos" -___-
S/O Untouchable Cuts for playing dat Mr.Mysta "Verbal Finesse Vol 1" in da shop!
"If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things." - Albert Einstein
I'll take ur word for it looks like u know better, I'm coming back to Indy, sitting here is still fun, u at game 3?
I want to go to a one direction concert so bad !
Rangers Game tonight
Lol oh okay
my friend told me he ran into you in Nashville, and that you gave him $20. Can you confirm/deny his story?
I don't like the word 'pedagogy'
We got 50 shot techs
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
"you're it!" "fuck you, I'm not playing anymore."”
PITTSBURGH (AP) -- Penguins captain Sidney Crosby will return Thursday night to face the New York Rangers at Madison Square Garden.
good to be back from CO. Great trip. Ready to hit the ground running now. But really, enough with the snow.
Just about ready with the webpage - stay tuned... Better pic cc
What songs should I perform on Kimmel??? I get 2!
confirmed smells terrible. was regretting not wearing a hoodie today to cover my nose. gl
Universal Studios day with Amy & Drew! Thanks Lindsey for my unlimited year pass so I can go whenever I want.
We's gonna party real son!
I believe that how you feel is very important to how you look - that healthy equals beautiful. ~Victoria Principal
sneezed and my gum flew out.
I thought went down for Jason Campbell wedding
when #ABoyfriendShouldAlways be there for you, but isn't. Dump him
Watching that black ass Wesley Snipes in US Marshalls
Camp was great:D
Whatever that means RT : No Turkeys Allowed
for including 'Dangerous Liaisons' on your Top 10 Favorite List!
change your mind yet sign me to a deal help u r. Hired...
glad you cashed have a good night Big Soccer day on Fri already have 2 locked in #Soccer=$ get on the list
You'll want to try the #Mikkeller Beer Geek Brunch and Beer Geek Breakfast - both added this week!
Isnt #Oscars night great in MKE? Well do not care much abt Oscars just happy to be back in MKE!
your cousin probably would, he is starting to use twitter more.
12 hour work day, clean apartment... Now rewarding myself with a double glass of wine!
I love this idea of making the most of Leap Day. Someone remind me in four years to take the day off.
Private party tonight. Join us tomorrow for normal service. Sorry for any inconvenience.
i really want some french toast now lol
Hey Luv lemme know when and where the next video shoot is
They keep saying the right person will come along, I seriously think mine got hit by a truck.
The #IDF are the true defenders of Israel. Not the #JIDF they're made in china or something.
Greetings Naptown...JC aka 'the Other man' in for 'The Loverman' Jerry Wade this week...time to relax starts ....now
Where's my #TwitHusband at tonight lol
This young girl, she's so cute Everytime I see her, wear a fresh pair of shoes 'Cause this young girl, she's such a killer
thanks for the RT. We really appreciate it.
that looks tempting. Too bad I can't Sunday Funday.
I got school in a few can you wish me luck please??
I just wanna go to the shore stores and buy a lot of clothes, and just look around.. I know people in jersey
La la la la La la la la Elmo's world Who remembers this cute little basterd?
If you a female over 20 and you still posting pics of your ass and titties just to get attention from niggaz KILL YOURSELF NOW!!!!!!
Haha. Ambiguous. RT : SIDE NOTE: i have a little luddite in me.
#Ifihadadragon I would kill the Dragonborn
Off to Mr. Seattle meet and greet. This should be interesting.
RT RT : house music all the way
Is it socially acceptable to deliver bad news via email?
When hot guys have the ugliest girl friends. I'm just like, WATER YOU DOING.
Hard to describe- one has to try RT : Met some friends at for some Bubble Tea. I just love that place!!!
Why are you picking on the Mayor?
AQUS on watch for a breakout/bounce, charts ready to go, strong volume eod friday.
yea he def doesn't have the support
I need to party with u next time
thanks, I'm on the east coast and forgot about the time difference
"For those about to rock, We salute you." #ACDC :)
Blake Griffin dunk wasn't exactly a rimrocker... More like a spectacular layup
Shit, I can't get a head coaching job and I'm sick of that douche bag Bielema... I'm in. “: Who the fuck should I hire?”
Excited for 's bloody adaptation of Julius Caesar with as Calpurnia. Tonight!
lol...yea & in that pic she was crying bcuz she was trying to get onto the couch from her bed, but couldn't. She stopped that(cont)
Opry mills is PACKED
#Itsawesomewhen I get a text and see its from you <3
happy birthday
Clybourne Park, the Funny-Tragic Pulitzer Winner About Race and Real Estate, Opens on Broadway
I hit it from the back cause I dont like how her face look...
re the NIN story: here we've come back full circle to the 18th century. For enough money the patron can buy anything. Is that good?
Or, you can be a 24 year old metal music sugar baby. Just a thought.
Oh man, teething
what is your work?
Ready to rock.
In the last wk, I've wrapped up a job, gone to a Mac & tried a new twitter client. New year, new adventures. Glad to be back w/ y'all, tho.
are you in L.A?
what you wearin to queen of diamonds? Im sure it will be something sexy
We fixed a small problem with the ball release on Dracula. Now it doesn't drop into multiball at the wrong time.
when's your next meet?
you say that now. wait until he wins the batting title and Felix is with the Dodgers.
Hot deals to celebrate the hot hot heat outside, www.dealshow.com
Yeah,I said "yester-year"
Gah! My phone is pissing me off.
Strike the Musical just sang it! Cant wait to see bowling pins sing more.
any rhyme or reason to who it's added?
thank you K
Dont be such a boob punch. lol
I got my #learn on this morning with and Now it's time to get to work in earnest. Email, here I come.
can't front I kinda wanna see that battleship, more cause of Rhianna tho lol.
Only God can turn a MESS into a MESSAGE, a TEST into a TESTIMONY, a TRAIL into a TRIUMPH, and a VICTIM into a VICTORY<3
I really miss you. It's been a couple weeks!!
im soo tired right now :(
I thought you were in Philly! What time is the game?
You had me at pizza :)
too much homework
:) thanks you too
Dolly Parton wrote "I will always love you" & refused to sign 1/2 rights to Elvis. It's the biggest hit ever both sung & written by a woman
Take that punk ass Grizzlies! Now for the Spurs to smash the Clippers! See ya Tuesday!
RT : Our Lyndsey Corbett braiding backstage for Those waves were fierce!
Having balls must really suck, literally.
RT : Smiles never go up in price or down in value. - Joe Moore
well well well hello you ^^
Working on your passion - the deep desires of your whole being - is what the Universe is longing for you to do.
I remember the Napster beta. 30 minutes for a single mp3 seemed amazing! Queue up 10 songs, go to class, come back. downloaded!
"Mistakes aren't things to be discouraged. On the contrary, they should be cultivated and carefully investigated."
: It sounds sexy and educational. I love stuff about animals, especially designed for kids. Thanks Love!
I'm the whore of Babylon
For example, 'Fuck it All' is a song about his emotions, deep seeded feelings of sadness and distance from his family.
come get one from me!
Christine Prois: How Opening A Fair Trade Store Brought Global Perspective To A Small Town: The premise of my store was to provide a ...
hahaha I hold back my thoughts until tomorrow. K?
It will hurt me deeply if it's Iron Lady
Got delicious strawberries from farmer's market. There's only 50 calories in 1 cup of strawberries and 149% of vitamin C of the daily value
I like to eat clean p**** but it gotta be CLEAN
beach and sunshine! :) and u???
Just lose, baby! I get a first round draft pick, right?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net Happy new years to all the sports fans out there
Calling each other candy&sweets names through text while in class :D , "how do we have friends?"
Loving the new username
“Four become eight, defending the Earth!” This is why Stan Lee should just stick with comic books…
"kooky" is one word for it :)
Im like macauly culkin in home alone setting traps against these roaches in my apartment.
Great to see you as well. The water powered elevator was crazy.
Hey, 9:30 am meeting on a SATURDAY... Go fuck yourself. Hugs!
Washington Redskins 14 St. Louis Rams 0 Halftime #redskins #rams #nfl (Via )
just because you slept with my mother doesn't make you my father.
England isnt too far a trip, is it? :) Would love to see u in Atlanta, but hey, theres always mail order if u cant make it!
Moving in my house today!
please follow me Austin. <3
Heaviest rain is over with for today. Still wet roads for AM commute. Better west than east today. 70 inland NJ, low 60s City, 50s LI/CT
Egg. Nog. Eggnog.
I figured it out. I have an ad blocker that was interacting badly with it.
The girl across the table whom I'm trying to sketch keeps on shuffling.
*WHAT* is with FB and captchas this morning? Geez!!
RT : You have to take care of your mind, body, & spirit. If one is off, it can take the others down with it.
Thank you for the kind words & the support! RT : Having a great time ..those shrimp and grits were everything !!!
Needy people <<<<<< cant stand em 😣
Couldn't agree more, although I'm very happy that he won't be missing field goals for us anymore.
Just uploaded some flame to souncloud
I know that an endless love isn't something you can teach with you there is not a star in the sky that I can't reach.
Apple Prepares Mac App Store For Launch On Jan 6 eweekeurope.co.uk/news/apple-pre… via
I didn't even get to board the plane!
we got a tough road. Pats on Sunday night then Thursday night vs Cleveland.
aaawww no I was just so tired plus I had an early morning with Marchello sorry I left you but they were pretty cool people
The first St. Patrick's Day special... Reuben Soup!
Having breakfast at sams . . . Eating samples xD
#kannaburch I am working so hard for Dancing 4 The Cure now!!
hey justin how are you doing ? Epic I hope ,you are haveing fun on tour showing the world your Swagg !! and Sweet Smile luvU
Last wknd we spoke w/ high school students on the south side of Chicago about bullying & homophobia. #Acceptance They were so positive!
Taking turf out of my leg I skidded my knees on turf then I took my track photos where I had to kneel on the floor of turf twiceD:
That was sad... Lol
It was nice to see briefly tonight at #RackOpening - the shopping was so distracting from socializing! Good to see you!
...and he just hit #4, Mets broadcasters announced.
Salud! : Arriba! Tequila gracias. Viva Cinco de Mayo! (translation: our child just fell asleep).”
Nice article, Dominique.
Gosh you have no idea how happy I was when I finally got some!
What else would you expect from the worst writer they have. No matter what, or who, he writes about it's awful.
Nothing like adversity and a deadline threat to focus the ole noggin! #grindin' #grantwritin' #bikeadvocatin'
Don't go East
I still want some red lipstick just haven't found the time to get the right shade
good work! try it with sriracha, even better
driving... is it nice
Avengers. All of my non favorite hero's in one super movie. Loved it!! Btw #mythbusters have their hands full with that flying supercarrier.
Doing a survey analysis for a client in #Chicago makes me remember how much I miss the
Miami will be taking a few steps back in football for a while. Almost no way the Dolphins don't take Tannehill.
#imagine you and Zayn are in a dark room and you can hear him whisper "tonight i'm loving you"
I'm puttin on my shades to cover up m eyes I'm jumpin in my car I'm heading out tonight
There are many new changes on the insurance horizon. #LintonandAssociates are here to help with them all. (505) 247-1530
i love cats!
i was thinkging the same thing let's go find him
Clippers won!
MY SCHOOL SUCKS ass.Srry had to get that off my chest
Holding on to memories is pain </3
thank you! I love you and will miss you too!
Never go to sleep Be up at 6 that's when I'm coming Lol
The Heart Is a Lonely Fisher-and-Trapper
8 days until I see ♥♥♥
laugh it up. I'm going to wipe my eye with a paper towel and smack you with it next time I see you!
No dude. Wait until the morning.
thats why its called my busy
of course, followed. :)
told Obama that after marrying his husband in january no heterosexuals have been harmed, and he should "remember" that
Gonna be such a long day studying
Yahoo to that! Happy Thanksgiving!
The Michael Jackson trial is complicated!!
NFL really needs to do something about this logjam...they are 3-4 picks behind
I just about wore my shirt like 's this morning.
ugh - ill be ready!
Helping a nice teen with her paper on Tibet makes it better
Any big Stories or News on the Sunday Morning Political Programs overall?
Car, dinner, class, home would be preferred. Drive safe. Love youl.
im wide a wake smokeing good and gotta work in like 3 hours (live life WASTED)
haha I can agree with that!
idk man. They might win 1. Their offense is utterly terrible besides CP3, and at times Mo
Why watch lebron news? just signed... He's here to stay
It's the same reason clothes fit in the store but the minute you get home you'd think you bought the wrong size.
Time flies.
Thank you to and for stopping in this past weekend to enjoy the spoils of the sushi bar!
nope...he's the shit
Good luck to all the individuals participating in the University Sing event at the University of Oklahoma!!
Thank you for the follow :o)
Thanks! It's team members like you who make the Caring for Kids campaign so successful!
