she's pregnant. She's happy. Y'all are haters but then again misery loves company.
R&B Music Old School R&B I listen sometime its just Good Music
G.M.N.I.: It's ok tho. Now I'm fuckin' w/ her stripper cousin, So Yung. Payback's a bitch.
I don't want perfect, I want real.
yes it does and I doubt she will be the only one
there's nothing wrong w/u
Even if they do, he's still playing with a top 5 player in Dwyane Wade. And he had to ditch a city to join him
Jury asks to review letter recovered from Love's bedroom. "Alcohol is ruining my life" #Huguely stated in it .
1 more hour left. Im gonna b alright
since we are in two diff states....what special tips do you have???? Thanks in advance.
Film shoot Thurs. Off today. So here I am, at home & on da grind, still on hunt for new film/model gigs. May have to hit up Baton Rouge!!!
Good morning/evening to everyone. Yawn.
congratulations dude! Winners always rise
starving:o i want tim hortons!
Eastbound & Down! Glad its back. Funny show.
okay thanks!
thanx...hope all is well!!
not this year. I wish. I might be moving though.
we will see how he do on the road. If he win he ain't making it out of Chicago.... Lol
Embrace the place.
I have had three great outfit days in a row. This kinda thing matters to me, ha.
who is your fav player on the devils?...Brodeur is sick
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
wat the heck did u do?
How come when u meet a chick in a club she lookin fly but her kids ain't got shit
I don't think it has anything to do with nerves. He has not pitched in over a year. It's rust. He is just not there yet, but he is close.
I was sitting outside. It took me a second to realize they were climbing the porch stairs to give me campaign lit. It was weird.
yes I will! Bex is coming and I think Pat? Not sure who else out of that collection. Are you staying on site?
moving on to legal deposit topic
Agreed! You'll be missed! RT : Second, a fond farewell to at her last MM.
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes today!
oh I thought that was Kiley
Hello students! If you know any Jesuit who you find to be fantastic, let me know so they can be in the !
Can't believe just said "blow job" in the quiet room
so pumped for the tailgate tomorow!!!
HEYY GO FOLLOW !!! NOW PLEASE:)
ULTIMATE MUSIC CHALLENGE!!!!! TONIGHT, trivia is the game, having fun is the name! Git on down here! Giddy Up -0-0
thanks for getting me through the work day today. Much love!
new name is
It turns out I love getting my car serviced! Free coffee, squishy chairs, wifi... Why was I putting this off for so long?
nahh, just comfortable enough to admit it. Hell I'm not embarrassed to admit loving Barbra Streisand, like I was in h.s. lol
lol u left me :(
with an entire lost Mayan tribe dancing on a glittery 2012 calendar of doom, Kevin James in 80's aerobics spandex including leg warmers...
Is this the end of the moment or just a beautiful unfolding
When you seek the face of GOD, you find your identity
DEVILS FANS!!!WHAT'S YOUR BUCKET?....BUD LIGHT, BUDWEISER, BUD LIME FOR $15 BUD LIGHT PLATINUM $20..MILLER LIGHT $15..
Business digest
Next talk: assessing online tools for student collaboration.
Today's just one of those days where I'm getting irritated with everyone. I need some fresh air.
I'm sick of seeing my throwbacks
From 7-8pm it’s, “Q Comedy”, hosted by New Mexico’s First Lady of Comedy, Goldie Garcia, featuring some of Albuquerque’s finest comedians.
hey what's up?
#toiletgirl because Harry styles said so.
what stories? Corey throwing salad?
follow me please i love youe3e353
Hey #jelena fans. Tweet us your favorite picture of Justin&Selena. We pick the cutest one and give the winner a huge shoutout! GO!
so bro steve is gettin white bitches to come.. and will is boo lovin on the phone.. its my lucky night smh lol
Sky around moon is clear for the moment here in S-Everett, but rolling clouds make conditions a minute-by-minute drama.
I stress about anything and everything.
DO NOT CRY, JUST SAY FUCK UP AND SMILE !! =]
As most of my fans know, I will feel much better when I get a phone that tells me about typos after my contract renews...
UPDATE: Crash on SW Kelly at Water...one lane gets by WB...backed up across the Ross Island Bridge onto Powell Blvd.
I just got it in November. I have a Droid incredible 2.
Anytime! Thank you for all of your hard work!
So tired with work and coaching football, just too tired to play poker online. At least I won my home game last night.
inbox me your number ASAP sis or call me
unlikeliest expression of the day & alarming RT Due 2 another failure of chicken-sexing, I find myself with YET ANOTHER ROOSTER
Henderson: we have the biggest largest amount of car dealerships/ per square mile in the nation down the street
OMG I LOVE IT <3333 the last one. and wow it took that long to write 2 sentences..
I see I see
let's talk turkey #xnewsquotes ..wheres on these?
gay only. You can see more of him with other str8 guys on "straightcollegemen.com
Gimme a break.
Wait, the Eleventh Doctor doesn't like bacon? This does not compute. How does anyone not like bacon? It's bacon. Bacon is awesome.
Go Bears!
City going shopping
Nope!!! Obama is Bush 2.0
will you ever follow me ???
Unified front of ppl who value civil liberties & don't have $ to buy politicians needed; MSM loves petty diffs
“ Some people say were too young for love. But i dont think so .”
For Grey Poupon, ya gotta go Amtrak.
Fear of the unknown prohibits greatness!
Hope you had a great Labor Day Weekend. It's a holiday which honors those who work hard at making our country a better place.
That's my pops! I tagged him in my Facebook post and didn't think about what that would look like on Twitter. Oops!
Experiencing joint pain after workouts? Try TriFlex-protects joints from the wear and tear of exercise. Clinical strength to last all day.
Tattoo time tomorrow with the long lost bestie !!! #SOEXCITED!!!!!!!
now of someone beside you was on google+
You Should Clean That Up... LOl
Barkley called Timmy 'The Admiral' and David Robinson 'The Big Fundamental'. Umm?
is there a reason for $5.89 a gallon?? How's your ass feel Mr. Spade? Lol
press release is coming out on the film YAY The Classified's// The Movie a thriller with JLarose from Saw3,Eva Lardani ,Gregory Albrecht.
Got some free seminars coming out on how to sell beats... that are gonna be FREE for you! So stay in touch
Is anyone shocked by Victoria Jackson's stupid gay rant? The woman made her career saying stupid things on SNL. That wasn't just a character
Stunning the Celtics would trade Rondo for Chris Paul. Not sure what Ainge is thinking. Point guard isn't Boston's problem.
Awesome video!!!! Re tweeting it right now!
its nice now but looks like its going to rain
it was super fun! But I'm @ a park in the OC. so I'm not sure about LA. I know there's a place in Fullerton. :)
Missed Mud Lovin Rednecks on tv
Happy New Year for every body, may all your dreams come true my friends !
They seem to have a business plan no matter how big a shit sandwich the Feds make them eat.
Good. How was the tour? When you start with next one?
high school harrys putting their jerseys on the loop..
TV crews are hounding woman who named newborn after fallen Peabody firefighter. Give her a break.
...and why I'll never work for an accounting firm. sad.
it's normal for siblings to fight but in the end she's family. You should love her regardless and vise-versa :) -Karen
Saying you got your phone taken away but really you just didn't feel like replying....
LOLakers can relate
At least this morning for my mom, I'M not the brunt of her crazy. Yayyyyy. Maybe today will shape up to be okay.
Damn guy doesn't even work here any more and he's still messing me up.
Santorum keeps talking about freedom. Were they slaves and no one told me about this.
Time to get out of Afghanistan. Save our billions of $$ & spend them here at home to help our own citizens especially our seniors & homeless
Watching `Legally Blonde.`
lol for you
Wish i could help you out.look like you gone have to make the best out of your situation.
i need to talk to you...
days like these #motivate me. to push so damn hard to reach my goals. if I gotta work sick I'll be makin a living doing what I <3!! $hitt ;)
Just drove out of Atlanta Georgia
hello sir, good to see you
Our trends might be different at different times :P
not talking so much shit about my Nuggets tonight huh!? Lol
All Hail Caesar!
If you didn’t make it here to experience the love last night, we’re celebrating all WEEK with dinner specials thru Sat
Just bought my ticket! 23 days until my lazy days in Los Angeles!
Where u spinnin' in Miami ?
had kumas for lunch yesterday....awesome as always!
Reading Bruce Machart's astonishing debut novel #TheWakeofForgiveness. Gritty story, startling prose. A dark diamond.
Khalyse go to sleep mommi is so tired
we are always taking good people! Just apply on our website then come in our store and introduce urself and tell them u applied
Kane! You chokeslammed the wrong guy, last night!!! You should've chokeslammed Roger Goodell for my dude
#Thatawkwardfeeling when you wake up you think you've slept all night but really it's only been a couple of hours.
1 more slipped in just under the wire! Shout out to Eryn Clark for her contribution bringing us to a total of $7,110!! Amazing.
Thank you for subbing for me at bni this morning, let me know how it goes. Have a great day
getting a lot of much needed organization done on this rainy saturday! i feel a sense of accomplishment! yay!
I just got instagram tye other day and I definitely think I'm addicted lol
Out of nowhere I click my twitter app (Iphone) and it is just a blank white page. Tried reinstalling, and same problem. What's up?
NewVox is open until 7pm today. Check out some REALLY cool art, jewelry, and handmade middle eastern carpets.
time to get married.
Joining Your State #CourtReporters Associations Carries Many Benefits
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 53
What a long drive.
can't touch the ref, no matter what
First time using It rocks.
Listening to Miley Cyrus and Taylor Swift on the way to Cortland. The joys of roadtripping with
Happy Birthday bro!!
damn you just sang my fav part☺
your mom lol
#MyPastRelationships are man where do I begin lmfao not enough on twitter
Why is it always do cold in this school 👎😡
#ENG3510 & #ENG3670 students: you can follow me but you don't have to. You do have to follow the class tweets. I'll explain in class.
what's up
looking forward to dinner with dental section
It is with true love as it is with ghosts; everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.
I Can Really Tell 😌 How Much For 18 Inches & Do You Have 20in Too.?
it's only just begun :) I'm sure I will have a wonderful "while you were sleeping" story later tater. Xoxo
RT : "The quality of your life is directly related to the amount of uncomfortable conversations you are willing to have." - Mastin
That's Why When Y'all Ask Me About 6/6 & If I'm Excited. My Excitement Is Contained Due To Preparation But I Am FIRED UP
Vegas, it never gets old!
I stepped on a Gator as a girl,when on a field trip.Scared him as much as me! #HealthyRespectToGatorsHereInFl.!
Shit that too ha
Aww that was nice
Stop by often as we are always updating our blog!
hahaha as did I. As did I. Lets findum.
me too in an odd way.
and here I thought you might be the genius behind that arrangement.
You say you believe the word of God, many do. However the interpretation of God's word varies.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet a girl who doesn't nag me
Cheers to the weekend!!
Seriously though guys I still don't know what to eat
In PA dystopia is real! Medical secrecy clause in new bill forbids drs. from naming contaminants in water when patient sick from
haha just giving you some crap, congrats bud!
what book?
How to erase itch of bug bites in #Eleuthra? Start day with cocktails @ #Tippy's end with homemade stoli dolis ala #Capital Grill.
EATING PUSSY GOOD FOR YU..MAKES YO JAWS STRONG LOL.GIVES U A BETTER SMILE
The Church has tons of activities to help you become a part of the community. Unless you're the majority of people who work at night.
sound checking. and ready to rock. Show starts at 10 pm
I've been doing consulting and working on Snack Words. Not sure where I'll end up yet.
Lookin' for a girl I ran into a guy, His name is M.C.A., I said, "Howdy" he said, "Hi"
Is loving better than being loved?
Thank you, lyrics sites on the internet. #copypasteprint I will not use a cheat sheet...I will not use a cheat sheet...I will not...
This morning consisted of , Misfits (), Funkadelic & Kanye. Just about time to record.
you can't follow ??
why aren't you on the show jamming to pauly d too? haha :D
Ready for this bell too ring !
im having THE BEST day ever.
"If there's room, I'll sit bitch" -Steven Lim
Jonah has taken to cutting out the middleman and is jamming his baked tofu directly into his diaper. Bravo for efficiency, my boy!
i just want to be happy. i want nothing else.
sounds like you had a great day!
lmao, idk yet! but well see....
#sportingkc just because they are better
and i urge u to follow these peeps as they are totes awesome / belated
ikr just thinking about it makes me wanna curl up in a ball and just cry until i run out of tears :'(( :'(( :'((
This catchy commercials that sell cake-pops utensils -____- RT if u fall for it everytime :P
My Dog and Master is signaling me that my writing is not as important as his pooping. Unfortunately, he's right.
is a fan of jim mora
great product showcased #Launch well done!
oh, live feed, you break my heart. thank goodness for
Y u no tweet me like u say u gonna?
ur welcome ;-p
Artist come get your next project with Unlevel. DM or email for rates!
"So now I come to you with open arms, hoping you'll see, what your love means to me #openarms "
yeah, it would probably be best if I never returned to Mexico.
Road trip to#OCLS2010. Picking up some coworkers along the way and meeting more there. See y'all in Cleveland.
One of the funniest SNL sketches in years. Hilarious!!!
ur database needs a life alert.
I'm Tired Af . Ugh
RIP Jim Marshall, the father of loud.
good times! ;)
Idk which song I hate more. "Loser" by Beck or "No Rain" by Blind Melon. Stop playing it radio
sittin here listenin to my musik. just realized how intelligent you have to be to speak this language encrypted in every day English.
bwahaha my #pug just fell backwards trying to jump onto the couch with her toy #FAIL!!
I wanna go bowling
Everybody loves change except for the change part. - Alan Kay
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you stay up until 3am on skype with
I can't deal with you!! Lol “ If you want your titties on my next tittie Tuesday send pics to lol serious”
I hate moshing. I think its a horrible way to 'enjoy the music'. You can enjoy the music without beating people up.
I just woke up
Whereas, if Rockets lose tonight and end up 36-30 with Mavs/Suns, Rockets would lose out.
You look like an asshole wearing Sperry's.
I hate getting my picture taken. -_-
no problem! Random updates will occur throughout the festival, but that was our only scheduled live tweet
Mrs.Puff Just Sprayed Spongebob With " A Shower In A Can ! " Lol !
Our brainstorming session included ostriches, nuts, and runway models. And, no we are not working on Zoolander 2.
My averages have pretty much stayed the same lately. 18 - 10 - 5
I want the Petz Vet game 4my nintendo (THE ANIMATED ONE) its for the game boy advance not the nintendo ds
lol that's mean. but he can do it. #SimonCowell is practically #god in the #UK :-)
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
No #fridayreads for me either Instead I'll be finishing up a conference poster. Nothing Daunted is up next for book club.
I don't think the word "game" needs to be used at all.. try "methodology" perhaps
I should have NEVER!!
yup I just need some more accessories and she is ready to roll :)
I know! heard it in the car this morning and just had to teach a combo to it today.
Just leaving the lecture now.
Camping soon? Yes :)
If the #Bulls hold the 76ers to 32 percent from the field again, clear your schedule Saturday night for Game 7 at the United Center.
your welcome
goal today: get some ground covered on android version.
Well maybe she might consider on letting you get clear braces. Cause there's only one tooth bothering you.
Another chance to win in our Apple A Day Giveaway = Tonight 7 & 7:30! Only 4 Nights Left!
I'm in the house at the tail end of a 7 year run of tenants amongst my friends. So the damage is done. Holes in the wall, etc.
Matt Kemp finished better than Kevin Durant tonight. No doubt walk off bomb. MLB > NBA
He's actually had a very solid second half of the season.
The prison Guard who took so much pleasure in killing Mad Jack opened his house door to go to work. I hope he saw the Beautiful blue sky
hah idk... it's weird ima do it to you tomorrow k! and you do it to me and can do it with us! lol to confuse everyone!!
Omg!!! You Look No Different, Same Hands Nd Everything.
Congratulations to two cool dudes on their college graduation: & - way to go, guys!!!
if you keep tellin me cool bro or dude ima straight murder yo ass. yo girl the one that look like a bro an dude
i might get a macbook :)
Talking Adult Education Career Pathways with Miami Schools ELITE Conference. Great things in Miami!
who invited Sarah Michelle Gellar? Also, who made her tie-dye dress? Ga-ross!
I gotta get my life to a point where I'm lovin it, and I don't gatta dodge the government.....
great news. I will be there. Is there any news about where WPT will be televised?
there all me?
#ATLHawks must run or suffer
you went to Pump Room without me and Mike? So disappointed...
I won't be here-_-
Going to school an hour late... Too tired to function.
Oh Melo, welcome back.
Probably a couple of nice cold beers that weekend!
Merry Christmas from the My Sinatra family!
#xenserver does rock I'm running 3 VM's on a busted old DELL D620 with 4GB of ram and 300GB hard drive and I'll be damned it works .
Damn but you gotta get that paypa! Stay grindin!
love those guitars... Thx buddy!
agreed. I'm all in on team Gamel.
Feeling a little woozy, a lot in need of coffee after getting up at 4:30 to say goodbye to my little sister and send her back to college.
Come check out the Hottest thing in the country THE EROTIC .com 50k and a modeling contract at stake
if u were here, id get u on the level
This guy just parked his big truck on two parking spaces in front of me. So egregious ... So debonair.
My boss always told us, "If you don't know the answer, ask a superior instead of being an incompetent ass." Ok, maybe not in those words.
#sourcefest Panel: AAH asks "how much do you consider local vs national artists and audiences when selecting your season?"
You aint about this life
Welcome new #literary friends plus more!
Bring a group of friends on any cruise and you sail for free ask me how!
He signed a huge contract and hasnt homered or batted over .200
That's sweet of her. I love Famous Amos cookies.
It was so busy at work I didn't even get a chance to go on tonight. :( Poopies
pumed for this jon jones fight. hope he lays evans outt
New Joan Rivers documentary is fierce! Loved her whipping out a mini Lysol can to clean a bathroom on the road. "I am such a Jewish woman."
pronto el 20
In life we drive through the ups and downs that test us in so Many ways, remember to focus on the destination.
So according to my timeline were telling people how to grieve now? Really?
Thought for the day: You never know what you can do till you try :]
Have to cut out of my office job for a bit so I can go to an audition where I pretend to be at an office job.
Photos l like on Instagram - gadgets, cars, food, my friends, scenic shots.
im Sorry I dont know what prom court is either?
Police officer just gave me the ok to kick his car for being in the crosswalk-really is the holiday season.
we plan to cut your hair on stage in Wichita. We love you that much <3
str8 DOpe bro.
Whuddup with people saying they hope someone they don't even know dies? #ForReal?
RT : St. Gregory Catholic School Spring Fling tomorrow night- we will have a photo booth set up- Come on out & help raise $$
Give it a chance
You're so hot; when I look at you I get a tan. (:
Here we go Steelers Here we go.
Shit, now I remember why I don't listen to sports radio.
I hate u...how is everything not like I really wanna listen lol but frfr how is it
Nobody loves me but my mother,And she could be jivin too. B. B. King
You too B
#rihannanavy happy to be a part of it!
Hhaha I love this show so much.
Truck in the shop so I can't even sleep smh
yes I do. I'm an actress. Still in Beantown?
And now, entering the ring, weighing in at 160 lbs, Jason "The Wild Iberian Ass" Corum! TY for my new ring name.
Seriously, fuck twilight, I seriously hate that shit. #TeamPotter bitches, always. At least Tom Felton won!
Have a great Monday!
I smell like John Travolta's testicles right now. Good gym session! Ready to shit, shower, shave, and smoke.
#LyricalLibations 5/25 > Live Sound > The Arts > Cocktails + Food by
"The #NFL has only 32 teams. The #AKC has 183 breeds. ON TV THANKSGIVING DAY, IT’S DOGS UNTIL 2 PM."- Tune in to at 12!
I want my pension back, pension back, pension back... Sorry, that Chili's commercial gets me every time!
i'm at 2050-F Chamblee Tucker Rd, just north of PDK... www.btbfitness.com
what is your number?
I'm watch youtube videos
love this! Sock buns are such a great look.
Congrats to our 60+ certified nurses--board certified in their specialty. They were recognized yesterday -- National Certified Nurses Day!
Shows Fri and Sat went great at The Oasis!!! Thanks to everyone who came out!
hahaha what a great movie
Listening to some Metallica is good for the brain
"When a man does not know what harbor he is making for, no wind is the right wind." ~Seneca... CHOOSE your destination. Sail, paddle & kick!
Everyone follow this hotty she gets BTK wet.
Evidence based Voluntary home visiting for at-risk young mothers can cut child abuse and neglect in half
what do you think of the Colts new HC.
Hahaha love dessert any time of day- or, of course, pizza for breakfast!
Go #UConnBasketball! #BeatCuse! And join us in Boston tonight at 8pm to watch (9pm game).
Monster doesn't tweet own press releases - - people don't want to read org's perspective; but others' view via
How about Blackmon? Wonder where he is at with his knee.
Kazakhstan invites more investment from Malaysia
I dropped that class.
Hopeing I get that #badassbikeframe from my Friend. Thinking about taking on Some Bmx challenges when I get all the parts for it!!!
#SummaRealEstateGroupDowntown is hosting a grand opening at 4 on Main Street in Forest Grove. Trust me, they know how to throw a party.
😒 so lazy
O do this all female show called "Girlfight," where we bring together women who play music for gigs.Think she'd be interested?
Yeah! I'll be home like June 19th or something like that for 12 days Cod!
I can't respond to your DM, but feel free to use them. That's why they're CC licensed. :)
Saw a great Improv show at the Upright Citizens Brigade last night Headed to my 10 year HS Reunion. Can't wait to see the girls!
They're called hustlers :) Sorry for the late reply!
Pumped to have won the Viking Immersion Blender recommended by from
// Thanks for being at !
thanks for the reminder. Yesterday was not my best day. Need to believe Monday will allow for redemption.
Be on the look out for our new and improved FB&Twitter pages! We'll be giving away a SONY flat screen TV to new fans & Followers soon!
4+ more followers to 100+. Anybody want to help? :)
#loex2012 Homegrown Ingredients: Creating Tools When Info Literacy Supermarket Fails....Create a Google Spreadsheet on Supreme Court Cases
TY so much!
Cheers, momma!
RT : I wish pac had a public funeral
If you want it put your name on it.
#CodyOnEllenAgain please put him on your show again. <3
Writing about #sustainability at #UNM. Adobe system doesn't recognize "sustainability" and keeps marking it as misspelled. This irks me.
more than the number of females that will acknowledge your existence before you die.
Theres also a startup named that does that!
Our deepest condolences to Kenneth Weishuhn's family. No child should have to end their life because they see no relief.
yes! I do! I'm taking this crash weekend course sat and sun. I can use all the amasian tips u have!
Hey! Help me get 1000 followers :)
I'm employed!!!! And it sounds like the best job in the world!!!
Great night and a great morning hanging out with great company. What the plans for today then big .. meeting tonight..
Laci selected for Land's End print job! They sure like the Jerkatis kids' looks...this is the 5th time...!
We're with you! Spiciness is key. It should be one of the five!
I love Tropical Smoothie! What did you have that was not so good?
#TheThingIHateMost People who try so hard to get in the way of your life Just because their not happy with their Own .
The boy with the bread...sweet baby Jesus <3.<3
I love a good diet suicide at 10 a.m.
Group of us are going to Germantown tonight for post #loex2012 hangout. Meeting in lobby at 4:30pm if anyone wants to join us.
Headphones keep everyone out of my head, but need a new chair to keep my body comfortable.
"There are tens of thousand of men and woman in this country who have been wrongfully convicted, forced into a false confession..."
In 5 hours at work I've seen gas prices going up, leveling off, & dropping. This is why I don't pay attention to gas price stories.
Bitch we the defending WORLD CHAMPIONS!!! Aint even sweatin anything yo
Dude with Kelly Clarkson's mike went out.
Don't allow pride to prevent you from realizing that you are wrong in situations. Something I'm learning to overcome.
NATO Summit time....
Where's an iTunes for Academic Journal Articles? Journals in one marketplace, pay small fee to download issues or articles, track usage.
I'm jealous! We are on trimesters, but next year we switch to semesters lol should be interesting
Our App 'The Source Deck' is available on Itunes! Download today & remember to rate it a 5 star! This helps us move up in the Itunes world!
Amanda knox is free??? This is crazy! Good for her!
Ohh #50ShadesOfGrey you are tearing me up tonight! Why do you have to be such a guilty little pleasure?!
Our summer tap water is way too warm to chill wort to pitching temp, so I daisy chain chillers (first in an ice bath).
I thought u would have gone with pantera for some reason :)
I don't want to sound like a badass but uh, I eject my USB without removing it safely :)
Want to give back through sharing photos? Download the app from our friends at
Yes. My desk is clean maybe once a year.
everything on my time line is either about whitney houston or teen hoot
your twitter background is like a 7th grade girls
Thanks for the RT! Hope the show is a success!
Its hella cold...
lol descent. U still in skool?
I am :o soo hungry right now hmm let's see a bowl of ramen noodles with hotsauce sounds good right now !!!
"Confess," the follow up to 's awesome 2010 album "Forget," due out 6/10 on First mp3 via
doing some hard core thinking. As Pooh Bear always says #thinkthinkthink :)
5K coming up soon...
People who yell at others who cut them in line at the grocery store: keep it up, I love it.
I do that all da time
Rush, Rush Rush...seems to be my motto today! Whew!
Who wants my 500th?
Playing with the kids stuff lol
Aw yea!! RT : OVER ONE MILLION FANS DEMAND PARANORMAL ACTIVITY Get ready for the fright, Nation!
food cleanse. no sugar, no carbs, minimal to no dairy unless its probiotic, lean protein and lots of veggies.
dude, you really shouldve warned me. that sucked. so vile. so unprepared.
RT : Follow up on ur promises. Keep your word. Creates credibility & feels good, too.
I can tell lol. I don't suggest getting into or watching baseball anytime soon. Especially the Seattle Mariners.
wow - what a week - I am drained drained - sweet sweet Friday
How's business today? What are you doing that is successful? What are your challenges?
yeah it did,but I'm waiting until May 15 to listen to it. I don't know why,it just kinda feels more official haha
#shitnoonesays "yeah coach, I won't drink or chew before this game"
Craigslist? ": Started selling meat online."
Seats still available for tomorrow night's program with Adam Goodheart! Call 202-829-0436 x31232 for tickets
I think I'm still in a food comma “: Pizza hangover”
Just saw the trailer for #Project X from producer Looks great. Good times to come.
Also Next Tuesday, Jan 11th, Personal Manger, JL Diamonika is looking for new clients and is one of the best managers in NYC.
Just finished editing a video for the worlds fastest standing mile, a ford gt! PerformancePowerRacing 252.97mph. Ptn in the morning...
@ FansiteSports Least intimidating #NBA-related line an announcer can utter, "And here comes Steve Blake!"
Getting a little tired of ambiguity...
Thanks for the follow man. We aim to end tollation in Miami-Dade county.
Is it just because we don't want to think about stuff during the holidays or does everything break in January?
Kornheiser just shouted out to Broneys?
CJ, sorry to hear that! Which concourse or airline were you on?
no no... Making fun of you is what makes my day :) p.s ERIC CHURCH TOMORROW!!!
whatever happened to the giant house they were going to all share?
I shall try. *sigh*
Congrats Chris Kohrs, you are our winner! Please e-mail to claim your free sauce. Thanks for participating!
I can not wait to see new video .. NEXT 2 YOU.. SO AMAZING
embarrassingly I have definitely tried to rock a few too many of those 29 trends! 18
Yhu Make Beats ?
Today's work mix is Lovely Jon's "house of sleaze" mix. A mix of psychotronic movie OSTs and other library madness.
We've come a long way, but the reality is that we have such a long way to go, says Howard Fuller,
Some people shouldnt make faces in their pictures they just make themselves look ugly or uglier!
Yo are you about this re-twist life tomorrow?
Simply put....You... Kill... Me!! The shirtless wonder will probably be attending the game tonight. Good Luck!
Yates is worrying me big time.
RT : "We must be concerned about the gulf between superfluous wealth and abject, deadening poverty"
In Social Studies, im supposed to be typing my essay on google docs. IM SOO TIRED!!!!!!
Looking for a unique gift for mom? Book her a tour of the Willamette River on a classic wooden boat!
Your words are very encouranging. Thank you.
't you mean, BECAUSE there was no Steve in the kitchen? :)
so. your hat is comfy--no?
Yeah, what up? Sorry. Had my twhirl turned off.
She loves you that's why!
Went to the Gym with my Best Friend & it was actually really fun!(:
Follow us tomorrow for live posts as the #Celtics head to the Windy City to take on the #Bulls for our Game of the Night.
nawww you want us gone remember? ;)
Hot sunny day in LA. Don't you want to go shirtless and look hot? I'm working on it!!!
Tanning with my girls and
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? Can you help????
met her once awhile back and she was kinda standoffish...not Avril Lavigne-level-standoffish, but up there!
RT : Life is really just a DJ Khaled song where we are constantly waiting for a tagless version. | brilliance.
I feel like ! The works, u guys rock but can u get rid of Rubeninthemorning. At least get rid of the fake laughtr & fake applaus
Where can you go for top-notch Baltimore-based #satire & hilarity? Why, Maryland's own Inverse Delirium!
Why is it when we talk to God we're praying, but when God talks to us, we're schizophrenic? ~ Lily Tomli
Keep calm and come Endfair with me.
I HATE WEN PPL TALK AS IF THEY THINK THEIR LIFE IS ALL TOGETHER..WEN THEIR SHIT IS WORSER THEN THE NXT PERSON.CAN U SAY
you being banned from there makes me like you even more.
I honestly don't want to talk to anyone. Only talking you if I message you first.
I was given a list of chores to do when I got home, so I feel that "thank you" should be appropriated to me lol
I am watching an alien movie! Just figured you would be interested because you were
RT Jeff Gelles: Digital divide still wide in Philadelphia
saw your video on youtube and its sad that u got cyberbuiiled:( i hate that shit!....but umm,, u not making no more videos?
You never came to the party and you ruined my life aahhhhh!
RT : Balance is way too overrated; its boring anyway. Let's strive for harmony & attunement. It's also called #FLOW. Just sayin
It's now time to play a game that I like to call: "How much free ice cream can I eat in the next 90 minutes?"
if you invent said bubble, please market it. I will purchase the first. As long as it's portable
They are killing OU
My neighbors are driving me nuts. If I had the money, I'd buy them out so they can get the hell on. >_<
I wanna go to six flags.
Everyone is in need of help. Dont be ashamed to ask for it
Gettin drunk on a weekday?....
I HATE THOSE "HE SAID/SHE SAID" ASS BITCHES!! #GTFOH!
Let's sing with the intention of healing the waters of the places where we life! Thursday 22 7PM Tidal Basin Wasington DC!!
About to change my avi.
How was school today?(:
From today's Boston Globe: "Happy accidents can only occur when there are things in your way." Brendan Dawes
CWI in same sentence with U of Idaho? Low blow to CWI!!
Lots of shoppers at the Mall of America. How is your Black Friday experience so far?
Never catch me off my square, or flustered.
trying to figure out twitter
So "New Year's Eve" opens tomorrow? They really think this movie will last three weeks?
ON MY WAY DOWNTOWN LOOKING FOR A JOB...
I did realize one thing though from my time last night.
Look for preview of "Fanfare for an Uncommon Woman," celebrating the birthday of Chicago Arts Icon Joan Harris w/Renee Fleming & more!
We don't own the world...yet
Can't stop listening to #BOYFRIEND Love it so much! <3 Its my new jam. LOVE YOU!
Even though I buy mostly digital now, it's great to spend some time in a nice bookstore.
actin out on twitter..he gone get his ass beat later tho...jus wait
Too on the nose RT : Trying to come with license plate slogan in case Palestine gets statehood. "Land of No Jews" too extreme?
B-12 makes me nuts...
Titleist AP2 Irons of great titleist golf clubs – Customer Feedback for- titleist irons
I think I see an inverted pyramid in the skyline. Or maybe a regular pyramid. -30-
Omfg i sent my tweet to my friend ugh
No! Follow me back, it said you unfollowed me so i did that.
I hope to hear some legendary stories that weekend. better be there too. I was there last week, Miami this week.
Go ahead and call me the internet wrangler. Totally got some high speed jawns without stealing, hacking, or paying for it. I'm awesome.
I have a shit load of things to do today..
Hi Girl :)
$25.08. What time will you be on campus
Wish I could be there! Have a great show!
Thanks so much! We try!
My money's on the magician.
Let the beauty we love be what we do. - Rumi
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
Tami is tha bomb dot com !
O.G. KUSH
Quick question, I'm trying to find someone from my childhood. Did you mother ever work in the Memphis area?
Spring forward will be tough on Sunday but after that I will be loving all of the long days of sunshine and productivity
awesome i just thought it was cool wen i hash tagged movieplex & searched yur has tag was there with the name of the movie...:)
Grab somebody sexy tell em aye ;)
In honor of Arbor Day, a red bud tree is being planted by at 1 pm on the ‏ grounds
Coming in 9th place out of 29 at the #stagecoach BBQ contest: When Pigs Fly Catering from Oceanside. Opening takeout joint soon. Yum haw!
i carried a watermelon.
#icantTrustYouIf you aren't an animal lover!
Jrs has the money for you guys. Only sold one DVD but don't want you to think I walked away with the money I said I'd give
Not enough wind in Oklahoma to rip the nails out of the past.
boredom strikes again
PR Tip: Focus your pitch on the problem. Turn “How to be Financially Healthy” to “How to Get Out of Credit Card Debit.” See the difference?
Old Twitter standby: the sandwich I had for lunch. Lobster BLT at Terra San Diego. Delicious.
Spring Green, WI: Friday, November 11th @ Arthur's Supper Club! 8pm. FREE show!
After you drink glass of red shake the glass out with an up & down motion, then smell you be able to tell if aged in oak or not.
Someone DM me creative ideas for Marissas 18th bday gift!!! She made me a badass scrapbook that made me cry & I gotta top it
sweet mother, i'm starving!!
Why in the Hell did my Phone not let me know you was tweeting
Surprisingly, no. A lot of sad songs about missing home/missing lovers.
Grabbing the chance to fulfill a life-long dream today.I leave for Africa for a volunteer mission with I'll keep you updated!
What's a good way to start off the first day of school? A playlist filled with and !!! :)
I just need one more day off
Weren't you employed at a grocery store in the last 15 years?!
": GUNNY HIghway was a bad mofo.."I may not be a marine but I bow to his gruffness. Attitude anda chest of medals
Whats good wit you?
Temple Owls Out, not co-hosting this time, but thanks 4 the team and for having these contests, you know you da man DD!
if you #google #bing it should bring up a picture of apple's headquarters on infinite loop
Reading Plato in bed.
All too often too often we try to push, pull, outline and control our ideas instead of letting them grow organically. (1/3)
Young said he gets pushbacks all the time while bringing in businesses; is he sure it isn't kickbacks?
Beyond angry
Christening my first visit to the lone Vashon Theatre with the Hunger Games. I don't need no stinkin' IMAX.
Loving new hair
Object, smaller than a stick of butter, used by women, not found in a bathroom, partially man made. Any ideas, anyone?
got the snack cakes!
Awesome deal!! What kind of flat iron? RT : We're giving away a FREE flatiron and $250 Roots giftcard, ask how to win!
Where is Vito now after ?
why the hell did you have to do that ... now im gonna go threw even more shit. seriously stop. i told you not to do it either.
A slack hand brings poverty, but the hand of the diligent brings wealth. 10:4
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
I would rather rebuild an engine than do brake repair!
fabulous! Look forward to hearing about it when you get back.
haha yes! U r up early as hell!
Visit the booth at #jazzfest2012 for cool cars, free wifi and super nice folks! Thanks guys!!!!
if it makes you feel better, I still get that too -- and I'm 28!
haha no way
You did??? Wow! “: I popped the question and she said hell yeah...lol”
Q3 What types of #goals should I set in the early going?
Ah, weekend! Good friends and theatre! All we need is good weather...
gettin psyched to go see our boys in rock house of blues on sat with our bro & the
When referees do not let you play the game<
Me n this nigga did sum shit in yo earlier
Expo commercials running now, did you see?
tell her i sent yuuu
Hey and , #SweetMullets... worth going to yet?
RT : No. DO NOT CALL ME TO ASK IF I HAVE A [specific] PROGRAM. Find out first. Wasting my time does not make me like you.
Just found out I'm getting two months of free membership at the gym!
“: 16.1k tweet goes to one of my fave bands ever <3” best!!!
The League of Shadows ( Aka The Bilderberg group)
what is it. wont load.
Thanx for the support, hope U r well buddy RT : thnx Joy
New Building Entirely Covered in Solar Panels - 4500 Total....
You write like a monkey. What country are you from?
Theodosia and the Serpents of Chaos by R.L. LaFevers
The California Conservative Action Group is presenting statewide district maps to the Commission.
Cant be the same person anymore
Great theme for organizing photos: "People we love"
Got your project tickets about 20 min ago over lunch :) Will reply w next steps and dates. Thank you Doc!
NEW MIXTAPE: DJ RAPID RIC + RAY C!!! COMING JUNE 2012- FREE DOWNLOAD!!!!
All it takes is 20 seconds of courage.
RT : "Success in not in your IQ, it's in your I-DO" ~ Jeff Herring
Would you like to be in my fan vid for Austin and Alex?(:
my bullies have turned into 4 and 1 almost cut my hair today
I have a Tecate in hand now so I'm ready for whatever you've got
My baby a brain surgent.
In With the New Girll ;
Welcome Free anytime you want them #cakepopsforskins!!
3RD WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 3...49ERS/VIKINGS #TAKETHEOVER (39)...BOTH TEAMS FEATURE D & RUN, BUT AP & GORE HAVE BREAKAWAY SPEED...40+ PTS
#basketballwives I mean basketball birds, so immature:( SMDH @ the stupidity! We don't have 2 boycott, they getting themselves cancelled!
Jessica Simpson named her DAUGHTER Maxwell Drew. Yeah, because THAT will end well.
Picked up my bike from the shop this evening with a freshly installed CinQo power meter integrated 155mm crankset.
haha i bet. what a douche lmao
RT : Genius is nothing but a great aptitude for patience....
Waiting at the bank to ask a silly question . . .
can't dm you bro you gotta follow lol
Just took her last final as an undergrad...
Panel question from yesterday's Grand Challenges Share Fair: If you had billions of $$ for a museum program, what would it be?
#iUsedToLikeYouBut then you just got annoying
just signed up to follow. best regards
It costs nothing, the information is priceless, and we like to think that we're pretty good speakers. Invite us to your next San Diego meet.
When you send a bill that makes sense!!
Happy Birthday
yeah right...lol
Pre-order T-Shirts now, $5 off two week special offer!!! No initial payment necessary.
Caron you been like a Godsend for the Clippers at the SF position!! Stay up, can you give me some of that tuffjuice
Are you still dead?
Any idea where in DC said friend will be living? We could try to ID someplace very local.
me too lol
okay u have my new number right
Don't let this shake you up, though "I'm All Shook Up" because next week, all week long - it's the King - ELVIS WEEK - thank ya very much
xsmall!!! If possible 😁
Enjoyed the movie 'Warrior'
I mean EVERYBODY! This nigga must be smoking that shit...
Check the worldwide trending list, buddy.
Playing at 21 Oceanfront tonight, across from Newport Beach Pier. If you're in the neighborhood stop by and say hello.
I don't believe in dieting.
Bynum wtf are you doing helping out that far from the basket
Subbing on the C-J softball team tonight. Pre-game meal at Five Guys. Yum!
I am on twitter! Now what???
yeah you're everything i've ever dreamed of having and it's everything i need just knowing you wait for me <3
i feel i wont be out in till around 7 or less i cant get out of work
: Thanks, Jerry, Happy Mother's Day to yours also
i need a job...i like music+writing, will do manual labor. i have exp. making BBQ s'wiches and recording music cville/nyc
No. If you strike me down. I'll come back. In your ears.
gonna fail this ap tomorrow
KNIGHTHAWKS WIN IT! A last second goal by Philly's Dawson makes the final score 14-13.
To be genuine, authentic, and honest - regardless of our circumstances - is a soulful endeavor.
Kill em with kindness.
Stops taking pics
I too am a ginger supremacist. THE REVOLUTION WILL BE AUBURN.
I'm sure McCain wasn't worried about losing here either! ;)
check my music-mr unknown i want to b ur hip hop juke box
You're speaking at #BizExpo? I just left there!
As you stand in your position of righteousness in Christ, you are more powerful than you could ever imagine!!!
Just jumped on the wet trampoline. It was fun
Amazing programs to engage staff + visitors , Ellis Island & others helped by
Store your garbage in areas not accessible to your pet.Heat speeds up the decomposition.The ingestion of spoiled foods can harm your pet.
Life is like successful boxing, you must learn how to roll with the punches, cuz you’re gonna get hit.
Can't send men to the grocery store smh!
Any cosplayers out there?
carlee and I have It under control
is heading to the gym.
that was way more than the last one...
Probs the top cause of why i will have gray hair in 5 years RT : It's one of those none-of-my-sources-are-calling-me-back days.
There is an art to the conversation (via SM) There is an art to conversation. #140confdm There is a ROI 4 good conversations
God see's the depths of our Hearts yet he loves us the same. Thank You 4 being faithful 2 us even when we're not.
I love you too<33
Damn you direct message. And damn you
The boy is making fun of my love for Red Lobster but understands. cc
Really don't have much
Austin will you follow me.. Today is not a good say:(
A large man with a huge heart. Great talk this morning
been awhile since I read that. Hopefully it is still as entertaining as I remember.
I know that. My grandmother died from it. Thanks for making me sound like a bad person. Hope you have a nice day. (:
Wearing sunglasses so no one can tell you're crying
I hate it when you just stop talking to each other, out of nowhere
Can you get FTSK, or EveryAvenue to folow me????!!:D
Another ELETTRO-produced contest starting SOON. This time prepare your most romantic photos!Exciting travel-package prizes...NOW THAT'S HOT.
I am electrolyted
Thanks for the like, Pointoffire Potter!!
RT Or text me(:
Slow going....all of my projects are very time consuming (books, piano recital, businesses) I need a life boost to quicken things!
RT Try not to become men of success. Rather, become men of value. -Einstein Me- I like that saying, its a Christian value.
Awesome! Which songs have you got humming around your head?
chilling on this bored day with my peopls kierra
I'll be rooting for you both ! Great accomplisment to run a 10k already!
Have a Cheery weekend!! :)
hahaha so cute!!!
As long as I ain't having sex or sucking dick on or off camera you shouldn't worry about it.
where can i hear all your work? just youtube?
March to Recall Walker on Nov. 19 Capitol Square 11 a.m. #wiunion #aclu #unions #ows Madison gets its Rally on!
I find I'm a much more effective brainstormer in the middle of the night. I always keep a notepad on my bedside table.
thanks for the link and the praise!
I can go go go in my hoveround..
RT : My boss just asked me if I wanted to do lunch at the new #MightyTaco Monday. Uh, Yes!
A pleasant surprise to see recent alum Will Hightower in one of the pre-movie ads for Phoenix ComicCon.
haha great speech...we'll put your award in the mail!
I suppose it could be, but am inclined to believe in humor of a random universe. ;)
awesome! In 2 years I'll be an adult :/
I have the best friends 😊❤
": Let's go flyers!!!!" Hour and half till the puck drops lets get game 1
if not I'll let u have some of my contacts
I received a FREE Spicy Chicken Sandwich from Chick-fil-A. Go to www.getspicychicken.com to get yours!
Sumtimes God makes u single n alone so u can get ta kno ur self!
The Queen Barbie blesses Milwaukee with her presence today!! She is the REAL Headliner & I am a Kenbarb.
plus - like ranganathan said about libraries, portfolios are a growing organism - i'll always be changing!
Thanks! Hope you had a good one!
You Have NO Flaws, Ari<3 Don't be Modest(:
Want sun now? The coast is totally clear right now! Skies clear later inland with Valley highs 70-75.
Time for our 3A champ and #1 rated team Prairie Falcons to do there thing. Can both 3A champ join our 4A champ in final n2 state champs?
I'm gunna marry the night
#Jace for the win please
Didnt even go to school today..
one more day to party time
Clay ocarinas shouldn't have a problem so much, but it depends how narrow the windway is. That will vary between makers.
What's good bros
More than 80 people at the Wing Luke Museum for
I know right!!! I'm starting to get impatient.
View from the Top
Stick it to the Mann
it's true...you guys have set the bar way too high!
Some things can only be called Ridiculous! Especially the foibles of years gone by...
Don't let others control your emotions, feelings or life! Live Life on your terms!
Just finished our Session at big orange! Thanks to Matt and for everything! Follow us for updates!
Stay tuned to for our official web site launching soon!
that's sweet. And remember, if you can't finish your beer, give me a call. I'll finish it for you
<<< I'm good. Just sore as hell and wondering what the hell I'm doing running a 5k in 4 days! Lol
Good Friday to all and to all a good day!
If your lost you can look & you will find me
congrats!! RT : we are at 20,000 good deeds so far! Thanks to all who have helped along the way. 80,000 more to go!
For academics, specialization always runs only two hubs away? Bridging gaps, so visualization doesn't make traditionals take offense.
just saw in Mission Impossible--Ghost Protocol! I say that this one is the best mission impossbile! amazing job!!
Sir Richard does do ti right!! Awesome!
yea me too. lol.
Can Johnny Miller kiss Arnies ass anymore? He acts like a nerd trying to be cool... idiot
thanks for leaving me in the dust.
Sad day for pluralist America (aka reality): RT #SBOE passes nonbinding resolution to limit Islam in TX textbooks by 7-6 vote
Life is balance. With balance comes peace. With peace comes happiness. And with happiness comes finding what you were looking for all along
Ight lets go in this kitchen and magically make something to eat
I love books because they take me on journeys and let me peer into others' minds.
Wow, Frank was right with his pick about the Giants winning by less than a touchdown!
Nice! Doesn't get much better, Daniel!
what you don't know, won't leave a scar. what you don't know, hasn't killed you so far.
hope to see you there!! #tasteofdc is gonna be SWEET!
Fans are giving more $ to kick ass playing Super Shot He just broke his personal record with 97 pts.
oh I'm currently sleeping as well Hannah hunter.
Play mini-golf! Have some fun & take your date to the local mini-golf course. Maybe even get an ice cream afterward.
I think Phoenix should become a suburb of Scottsdale.
Happy Mother's Day to all of you Mothers and Mother fuckers. I have been waiting to say that all year!
Already sucked into this new episode of
PT words cannot express how grateful I am to you. Thank you for being obedient to call on your life! Love you
I hope everyone had a good #SB11 and rep'ed IU where ever y'all went!?! Keep spreading the word about Quiquor Liquor!!!!
If you covered Halestorm's "Here's to Us" I would be your biggest fan! :)
May have an accepted offer!
That awkward moment when you find old notes in your locker from your exbestfriend....
I see civil rights as national concerns. Period.
bowling on ESPN!
What if you were hacked by Z or Bella? Haha I'm jk. That would be a little creepy
No prob fam! RT S/o to my brotha for helping me w/ doing some video edits.
LMFAO. well just make sure it is tomorrow!
Hello my dear!! Please tell your Mom I said Happy Mother's Day!
Catching up on and laughing aloud!
Wade shove was behind Collison, at least Blake knew contact was coming
Dudes should just accept fault... makes life easier..
Chillin on the recliners in sears
What a great super bowl!!!
SO U SEE THIS?
I MADE SNOWBALL STAFF :))
I miss my iPod
Might have to delete my twitter account. :( Thanks mom, for being such a bitch. (yeah,i hope you see this tweet)
#LeBron wants no parts of #CHI ..... why would he want to follow down a trail already blazed by Jordan???
you're gonna love it!!!!
Can I be your Valentine
hey lady just wanted 2 let u know, that I always like u. & I watch ur show everynite Lots of Love coming from "Detroit"....313
There's no such thing as coffee stain resistant t-shirts or no-spill coffee cups so I'm gonna go with Tide pen. Who's got one?
did you see you surprise for you on your desk? Just put it in your wallet.
Good ol' factorials.
If you have questions about our service, please call our support line at 877-77-FOLIO ext.1 or email at
i am one lucky girl.
wow ur lucky i gata wait another hour for it to come on:/ and btw somehow i knew u were gana reply back to that ha ily:)
yup, and all-in-all, #Brewers middle relief just plain stinks.
thanks good how's urs?
Im in the city for the day washing clothes and bout to hang wit my cuz and godson should be a fun and interesting day
A few installations of OvalAir but not of GeoMass, we're looking for prototype sites now.
Hi Marta, thanks for the follow!
man, Laidback Luke just started getting sick and killing it 30min into the EDC 2011 Live set.
Your stash scares the crap out of me….
We would like to thank all the Rage family(coaches,players, volunteers,fans) for everything they gave us this year.
Yeah. I am sorry. But that's good too, the employees are fun to talk to
Haven't seen E.T. in such a long time
So glad you enjoyed it! Thanks for the picture.
Friday the 16th
Slim chance of success RT : Perfect, been an mlb.tv subscriber since the beginning, i'll be following closely.
These damn lovebugs..pissin me off.
Real shit happen to real people!
He's awesome. Like you have to ask.
where are you???
thanks for the RT! Have a wonderful weekend.
Boy how big is you?
I'm impressed man haha dope
We should go head to head. Or maybe be in the same circle. You'll see what that means halfway through the book. Book club?
I want to sign up for a CSA this year! I'm actually staying put this summer :)
Oh is that right Lol... so what's good Haha
Its the city bitch. You can seriously sit there with your hazard lights on and park anywhere.
show me
Dunno maybe its psychological, but last two army guys I fucked were both 9 inches + and thick as a horse. Felt amazing though!
and you're still amazing :) please come to Edinburgh soon?!
I'm up reading all your blogs. Should be editing stories. Or, sleeping. I'm very convinced that we need an op-ed from you.
I hate how we not laying together
YES YES YES YES YES
I hate when I tell somebody I'm dying my hair and they ask what color... The same color I've been dying it for months now, idiots.
Harbaugh played some damage control with Osemele could compete for RT spot. Said all positions are open, with the obvious exceptions
lmao! And your calls are not lame!!!
81 and sunny today in #Miami. Being stuck inside and working on Facebook ads should be illegal!
Give me the good old #RedSox bullpen days of John Wasdin and Heathcliff Slocumb.
Bobby Perry cant sign in to his email because of criminals in his emai;
pushing down to the finish line .... #BeastMode wouldn't let me off... I just finished a 10.2 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Thxs sweetie! You know I love you too! My gosh, when aren't you being wild! But if I were married to you I'd do the same! :)
I know Tom Cruise is nuts, but I still love him. :)
Wow. Crash there yesterday, too. Stolen car.
Yup.. can't get away
lmao ! something wrong with you lol !
This morning i feel pretty good, hopefully i can keep this allergy thing under wrap, #52days and counting
Love this new app - start real conversations with friends-of-friends and stop Facebook stalking! Check out
Gurl what u going to cook?
all 3 of us have skin skin and skin!
Sounds like an art-filled weekend! Have fun. :)
make sure you wash your hair once every two weeks.
Online learners prefer all corrections coated in a positive tone; negativity increases a disconnect
You mean to Fayette County?
not me thats for sure… like legit read my tumblr post haha
“ Discernment without love inevitably turns into criticism.”
No? Ok goodnight anyway..
thnx for the follow!!
Trying out Beta for a new Social site for creatives only, The Filter Foundry. www.filterfoundry.com
it's in austin! Hopefully we'll have some in San Antonio soon!
just want my shit to come in the mail omg
Tom Hanks May Play Walt Disney in Mary Poppins Film ‘Saving Mr. Banks’ via
is already regretting this. God Damnit, Kayla.
iwant to go see Katy Perry Part Of Me in 3-D
Well, Kim Kardashian has weighed in on Obama's decision, and that's all we need to know.
HOLD THE PRESSES - Politicos will be on Morning Joe Wednesday Morning -
Nothin to lose
Iphone users: what do you think of the new iPhone 4S?
5 days until #NASPA, 10 days until #sxsw2012. nonstop friends and music.
Seriously, iTunes? One of your security questions is asking where I was on January 1, 2000?
The Lakers don't stand a chance. I say Thunder in five, maybe six.
can't wait to next week!
Stop saying "get on my level". You are no better than anyone else you arrogant fuck.
oh Jesus that just happened to em i about died
hi Alex, thank you for the follow up you and Simon rock!!!
~"fail is the word that people who don't try use to try to make fun of those that do" - at
mid bananas?
Excited for tomorrow!
1984 the film: just as depressing as the book, but with a surprisingly groove-worthy electronica soundtrack.
WDF is you talking about?
“: well said candy. #CELTICSNAITON” < YES
Hoes b lurking trying to see what a niggah doin wat u want a niggah
I want some Curry Shrimp!
Thanks for the promo, Robal!
I guess it's # ThirstyThursday in 314 at the Heights. 🍻🍺
#hastac2011 While I totally relate to this conversation re. #alt ac, I also wonder how those trained in I Science feel re. HUM interlopers..
Thanks for the follow.
they are [insert any other boy band name here]
you are an inspiration to #10millionbeliebers and we all love you and support you! CONGRATS!! You deserve it! :)
#FridayReads THE WIND THROUGH THE KEYHOLE by Stephen King (Dark Tower #4.5 or #8, take your pick!)
Hey there, Ali! Kenneth Gartman here from NYC. Haven't seen you since I came over and saw you in Jerry Springer. How goes?
still waiting for to respond about taking me to next year's
On 'Cuse/Wisconsin game "if you look at the score you will know who is winning the game". -Charles Barkley
haha. That's cool and creative! :]
What about Shawn Michaels, John Morrison, Randy Orton or Steve Austin?
thank you! God Bless!! :)
IM PARTYING UP AND LISTENING TO IN THE YARD!!
Thanks for retweeting! Are you interested in writing a review of FlashCards++?
heat are falling off
Thank you so much!
MACBOOK AIR STOLEN: REWARD OFFERED AND THIEF MAY LEAVE LAPTOP TO BE FOUND IN HORN AND I WONT PURSUE IT FURTHER
highlander was a documentary
follow back ?
you are not wrong.
You know what I just LOVE. When someone is clearly a huge fucking bitch to one of your friends, yet your friend keeps talking to them...?
The recipe calls for half a cup of sugar-- my bad, I meant a whole cup. Looks like I FLIP-FLOPPED!
The Video clearly shows Andrew Shaw came no where near Mike Smith's Pussy!!
I love it! Thanks for creating it.
On to the next one...
IDK BUT IT WILL BE US, AND JUST THEM<3 -dead0-
thank you, thank you!
RT if you support Justin Bieber if so send me a pic of you cause I'm makin a vid of all the supports and sending it tO Justin Bieber
Very good luck!
Nice one.
Have you heard? Tomorrow is FREE Calzone day at DP Dough, 4-8p! 1259 N High St. [pick-up only]
Not gone text anybody first today,, and see how many texts I get : X
Urban Bird Celebration running great. Live birds on display until 1PM in our gallery, activities 'til 2 PM. Arts, crafts, nature and fun.
Loving Life!
Gave my mom her presents at midnight haha excited for a fun full day tomorrow! ☺
looking forward to reading your tweets
o yes ma'am u really did
#AmITheOnlyOneThat thinks we were not born to slave away at 9-5's working for someone else?
I actually really wish I was working tomorrow cause it keeps me really busy and keeps my mind off of everything.
RT : Mobile apps require separate teams outside normal IT to be successful - Chris Kemmerer, Verizon
Great meeting you and thanks for intro. Looking forward to learning more about what you're up to
: Me too! I have a long date scheduled with my Bloglovin' list this weekend. :)
yeah, emmons isn't as bitchy
That's fantastic -- welcome to the ROC! #ur2016 RT : Officially enrolled in university of rochester's class of 2016
I was like that on the inside :(
Piano great, jazz warrior, AACM founding member and Chicagoan, Jodie Christian passed today. It was always my pleasure to work with him.
Maybe it's a good thing we have a vast shadowy foreign enemy against which to fearmonger. Without it, we'd probably just turn on ourselves
Now Manouchca wants her shift back tomorrow. Unbelievable.
I don't know why I bother asking what the drink specials are in Wrigleyville. It's always pabst or pabst with a shot.
And we'll all float on okay
*Low battery* *Low battery* *Low battery* Well apparently you have enough battery to Remind Me every 2 seconds. lol
aw! that's all it takes is one second...those babies are clever little people! Lol!
Charles De Gaulle~ Deliberation is the function of many action is the function of one.
Sushi and a movie with my favorite person!
TRAFFIC ALERT: 1 car accident US 151 SB after Hwy. 19. Use caution in area.
RT : Giraffe. So fab. RT : One of my faves for spring-summer Neimans also has Maniac pumps....
In the actual game, Tebow outplayed Moore, Palmer, Rivers, Ponder, Hanie, Sanchez, and Cassel. So he's atleast better than 7 NFL QB's
This wind is making my hair look like a mess
thx for following. edu_marketing is a feed curated by Digital Pulp, a leading agency working in the .edu industry.
I will always love and support
who's their biggest inspiration???? :) aloha <3
Are you living life like a rock-star?
Yay! I'm there and so is Missi and Anita
Seattle Public Library just opened recruitment for the first time in years. I'm very tempted!
you need to verify shes a model and will be a disney actress
I like to wear sweaters even when it's hot
moving on
I'm half-happy about this.
Its ok to buy Dawn solely on the basis that they have a duck on the bottle, right?
Good Morning! The sun is shining! Hope it is beaming down on you, too!
Good day, sad I didn't get to see the best guy ever. :/
Freeze Me,EVERYBODY LOOKING
When all else fails... Eat a cracker!!!
here for a meeting. Will you be in the arts district tomorrow at 11?
All ive been doing is hanging out and making money while doing it so I'm not complaining
Welcome! Hit the right place at the right time, plenty of costumes. :)
haha... It's a very thin pancake. Basically a crepe. Those are lingonberries on top. Good stuff. Try it!
hi! We premiered your video here at ! Any way to get a clean copy from you?
The growing cost of mailing products makes it imperative to be on the lookout for services that reduce your overall cost. AMS can help!
A Chula Vista principal says staff ignored donuts he brought in after start of new wellness program. Such a thing as collective will power?
Kinda Friend She Suppose To Be Flat Ass Hoeeeeee
We have a stack of signed first editions of Madeleine Albright's new book PRAGUE WINTER in the store now. They won't last long!
Tonight club harlo 2300 w. North ave in Melrose park Illinois....no cover all night dj fenix and dj a-m on the 1s & 2s 9pm-2m....
did she say erase state lines?
Hate brussels sprouts? Not the way I make them! www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com - very tasty gluten and dairy free cooking
I'm an RSL fan and even I felt bad. MT : Sick to my stomach watching defend. Their fan base deserve better...
Akon Birthday bash is where to be in Atlanta, VIP baby. Xtamina Energy Drink do everything big!!
Goddamn, New York... Don't be afraid to unbutton past the 2nd button
Right after all that exercise of course.
RT : Can't believe they threw out that Arizona Diamondbacks fan in Colorado for throwing back the home run ball. #MLB #Rocki ...
wow! Note to self: go easy on your breaks.
Foles fumbles again...this time CU gets it
It's not hard to make decisions when you know what your values are.—Roy Disney
Denny Hamlin is awsome! I wonder where he's gonna put another grandfather clock..
dark skin niggas burn bacon
My twitter needs to shut down after midnight....
I could hang out for a couple hours... want me to come over? I just have to be home by 4
I'm going crazy!!
All ladies are free before 11pm! 2nite #ClubDowntown $2 for any beer $4 Any mixed Drink or Shot--> And it's not well drinks! #TopShelf-->$4
Wow, that's a lot of books in one year! Congrats!
not really, just tired! :)
SHUT THE FUCK UP. YOUR ANNOYING.
I don't blame you for being you, but you can't blame me for hating it.
I'm in Jackson and we're not getting much of anything. is in Tosa so she'll have the #drearyandamp too :)
surprise visit from
it sounds as if he's having his rear forcibly violated with a 10lb dumbbell.
That will never work unless she never fucked wit a industry dude
#thatoneperson who makes you smile in spite of any circumstance (:
I don't get to see the Avengers until tomorrow, but you bet your sweet bippy I won't say anything about it online except "I loved it!"
9-11. Many meanings in a day. Thank you for remembering Gandhi, #peace #9-11 #September 11
freshly sliced orange peel...
Ok, I'm a dork. I thought it was today. See!? I'm SO dropping the ball. Friday? Maaayyybeeee :)
Happy 5th Birthday !
Did you block me, lol?
went to meijer to get groceries for cape cod. Had to poop. Now in stall nxt to guy breathing heavy n pooping. C u nxt wed
. Way to box up the T.P. bS w Carney! Nicely done!
I fuckin' hate cliche people, because they are fraudulent.
Got done early at work:)
I hate when people lie! Like just tell the truth.
RT : "Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision." — Peter Drucker |
Waitress: 'Do u have any questions about the menu?' Me: 'What kind of font is this?
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. Wayne Dyer
Older is always better...
So do I. When u think of it, LMK. How 'bout a dog day afternoon soon? Our own version of Happy Hour on 4 legs!
There's a #fire in SE #Baltimore, just heard & saw several fire trucks, raining but hazy & smoky sky. Went outside & started coughing
Looking for magento expert. Know anyone?
I'm so vain... I do Relay For Life just for the exercise.
Lupe Fiasco at the Schnitz, huh? Is that the first rapper to ever headline there?
One big positive from NC Amendment One, there is a dialoge concerning human rights that was not happening before.
Happy GREEN day!
y am i so tiered already?!
Watching the secret life
Chippy leaving Oregon looks a lot like Pete leaving USC before the sanctions struck. We will see...
Beware the ides of March, y'all!
will ask you about hydra packs soon..shoulder bladder vs hip bladder stuff!! thx for all tonight..off to bed!!
Thanks guys! Share the wealth! b.
love yaa to
I think my hair slightly resembles Beowulf today. FFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!
Thanks Eileen for hosting another great tweetchat!
I know I know. I just feel like they aren't gonna happen 😔
While you are pursuing your dream & being a performer, pls take time out to be just a person. That's how you realize it's enough.
Just arrived in Augusta
"Whoever wants to understand much must play much.” - Gottfried Benn, German physician (1886–1956)
really? You think he is interested?
Bored I can't sleep and there is nothing on tv worth watching 😔
hahahah johnny b good
Make sure you watch us tomorrow night, Live on the Johnny P. Show in Staten Island!
it's turning out to be a great game bro
everyones following right!! We need to help them get more followers! :) myspace.com/poemaofficial
5! Plus classes, babies etc. It was an inspiring but tiring week!
long & straight, with a splash of precision!
Me and Eric were hoping that walker would get him.
My father-in-law just slurred, "I never get drunk on Jack and Daniels.". Lol
can you pleassseee follow me :D? x
Can I say BS
A man in love is incomplete until he is married. Then he's finished.
If there was no resurrection, then why was there no body?
Hope everyone is having a happy holiday season.
Dear Board of Education, so are we.
that's because you're a classy mofo.
looking beautiful!
Tweet...tweet
Wow. Good (exhausting) day. pastor school, taught a workshop on #git and , and led our community group with
have you ever dislocated any jaws with that beastie in your pants? if not I officially believe in miracles.
i feel you were you trying to go text me so we could talk 1347 788 7809
Hi everyone. Nothing new to post today, but if you have something I should write about, send a DM or email to !
#glaucoma is the 2nd leading cause of blindness.Typically no early warning signs,Make an appt for your routine eye exam
Congrats on the !!!
hahahahahahahahaha...that's a good one ;)
DJCLARINET Presents a Cavalcade of Clarinet at Coffee and Friends Cafe (2/25)
thanks friend! I have too, but nobody warns you about the emotional transition of being "alone" all day. lol.
I'm six inches from cutting you.
lol you know im
Walking into a class with all the kids who don't speak english, because the school made a mistake and put you in there.
