New Week, New Beginning, New Opportunities
Get well! RT : For real keep the big man Brad Baker in mind tonight. (sound guy from the end) he's pretty sick in the hospital.
Taj is an RFA after next year, Booz will only have two years left then.
me i love u don't say that
Word on the street is that there is some sort of sporting event today. Some call it #SuperBowl ?
Can I get an early Happy Birthday wish from its tomorrow?!?! (:
OMG. Not your mom, about a year ago a homeless guy was beaten to death by cops. There's a video of it and it's fucked up.
So tired of always being the one who does all the work.
just spoke to lovely Emma at #SandovalRestaurant & we are set for #SocialChicasNYC TweetUp on 5/15! So excited!
you are welcome! And you deserve it. Things are good here. Listings sold -- need more hee hee!
Good Night <3! And Happy Birthday Prodigy :)!
or who invites themselves out only 4 their card to be declined
you get the feeling that the #Devils after being embarrassed on opening night might put a few more past #Holtby and the
I like Twitter for the instantaneous flow of info. G+ seems better for developing an in-depth rapport (albeit digitally)
follow back
It is not cheating if you don't get caught.
sounds delicious, that might be what I try next time :)
“: ": That one friend that can make anything funny just by the way they talk" #nickJ” hahaha perfect
notebook...just talked to admin today about my hardware. think i'm gonna get the hook up
#oomf is being negative & i dont like it
Having been unpopular in high school is not just cause for book publications. Fran Lebowitz
#InCaseYouDidntKnow Girls want a lot of things from one guy. Conversely, guys want one thing from a lot of girls.
I'd love it! Thursday?
DSW: if there is anything we want to share with you, don't give up on making the links in your own oral histories
A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing. I do it because I'm driven to do it. - Bob Dylan
let Phil play but make him pay
It's going to a long day
It's so fucking disgusting in general if they do it. Never trust a tweaker
Caffeine and deconstruction are natural allies
no jackin going on here, homie. It's been one of my go-to's for decades.
Ty, how's the home hunting going? What are you in the market for?
Hey, I'm not going anywhere.... ;) #myquarterlystrengthworkout ;)
All of Central Illinois is now under a Severe Thunderstorm Watch until 9:00 P.M. tonight.
Feel better soon!
thanks for the lists of mobile links, looking at them now
sheriff baca commits to closing down old side of MCJ barring spike in violent crime. no timeline. says scrutiny of jail abuse played no role
I love witty/artsy/fun art museums on Twitter, but am bummed by how serious/non-talkative physical spaces can be.
I haven't been on in like two months :/
Every WR from around the country is being drafted, including multiple from some schools. Still no Juron Criner?
Living young and wild and free :)
I find it disgusting whn sum girls go out in public w/o a bra on even celebrities does do it eyes point to selala Gomez
change yours to spermicidal_JEUBS!
Eat this! Fresh peas, fleeting bursts of flavor
did you like my hair styling I was giving you?
done with college?
4th time seeing this aids presentation ..
I'll give you one out of the side of my van, I'll meet you in a shady alley downtown.
Last minute #corrections are always better than incorrect submissions. SeanLetwat
How ever wins game three has won the series 77% of the time so many need to Man up!!
Guess what? I love you :)) your amazing.
girl, you ain't atleast have some toast or a biscuit with it? lol
#NJDEVILS WIN YES YES YES
Trivia time! How many stairs are in the Eiffel Tower? Take a guess!
They may not be sure of what they want but I think we can help them find out what they are interested in
chill out after Voodoo fest on Natchez riverboat with Dukes of Dixieland, great food and easy living
I love the family dynamics between you and your brothers!
Just found out i play the piano better when I'm drunk...i feel like lol awesome.
I think you meant to say " is used to sweeping adversity under the rug."
Attended spellbinding bookclub event last night, as speaker discussed her must-read novel, EVE. Thanks for invite, !
I knowww the dilemmas of social media.
India.Arie must be nervous! She us really waving those hands like crazy!
lol it's fine you have progressed and 5 star and NBU have faced extinction
I'll take my tennis racket...
I'm too sore to continue with my new workout routine which I only started 2 days ago. owies.
check out the new twitter background =]. official text and logo ;). thanks to "Brain" Cibelli!!!!
Life is what you make of it never give up on you're dreams have faith and everything comes true
#NoMoreEffnFlu looking forward to a fun-filled Sat
I'm about to watch Tangled with my mom for the second time in a row! Best movie ever!
when you dont have the fucking time to reply to me but you can go on fb and post another timeline. Yeah.
RT : Who's ready for a brand new episode of #MaryMary on ?!?! Tune in tonight at 9/8pm Central!
:: 81% of votes in: Scott Walker 514,817 -- "Not Walker*" 539,432 (*total of all dems and Walker's GOP opponent)
lets go
blah blah blah
staff came by to photograph us with Obv only picked the best looking Academy members to show off
Our ticket winner this week is ! Congrats! Send us a direct message with your name and we'll hold those tix for you!
There are some drunk people here.
Meredith + Juan = a full fridge and a full wine glass. The only way to start the weekend off right.
Can I find a girl that can give = ? Fuck!
Great show tonight. Thanks to everyone who came out and big thanks to The Baker Family and Beauty bar. Stay tuned for SXSW show info!
My whole body hurts
she didn't sell out!!! Anyone who goes commercial is just trying to get paid the big dollars & be represented the right way!
#JUSTINBIEBERONTHEVOICE WA AMAZING I WAS SPEECHLESS
where are you guys going to be tomorrow?
I miss u
Patrick Swayze, why did you have to die? Now I'm having an existential crisis.
not one, not two, but three guest speakers for RMI today!
A man after my heart! RT Running is free and the road is open 24 hrs. a day!
let's do coffee. I would like to hear more. You too may learn a few things that shine a different light on
There's a little kid running around and he has light up shoes lol
Had a good day today lol
I think hospice nurses that travel should have emergency lights on their cars. Black lights would work.
Greek kitty. First thought that cat was shot by Constantine Manos, but pleasantly surprised to see a new name: Carl De Keyzer
that's what it does!
You're amazing.
Gotta take this OGT
"Respond to your fans & social media contacts respectfully." #dcswa prof dev day
- oh I know. Sorry to generalize. I just find them hilarious. Even funnier that some people actually fall for them.
“: Satellite radio takes itself too Siriusly” Bo
I'm So Thankfull That Follows Me (: xx Love Her<3
officially a party in soderberg house yet or do we still think Brady worried bout J's party?
Wicked party !! I am going to feel this one for days! And to think it ended like it did...
CJ Programs for women have suffered from a lack of gender-specific evaluative research.
Wertheim: Executive used Native interests in favor of partisan interests.
William S. Gilbert~ Losers visualize the penalties of failure. Winners visualize the rewards of success.
Got home and the induction to the Beastie Boys into the Hall of Fame was on I can't stop watching and I was super tired
yum! Good choice my friend!
Wishing everyone a Blessed Easter weekend.
congrats ! You are the winner of the w/ 30 days of AT&T service!
You are right, Natalie, people who use facebook to make only money will fail for business.
Thanks to the United Airlines man for delivering my suitcase!
I hope you like a libretto that reuses a lot of the imagery from the story. I tend to be faithful like that.
Make or receive any cool mail this weekend? Share a pic with
You lie!
Birthday wishes from Brooklyn to wherever you are Eliezer McLean. R.I.P.
Brazilian Jiu Jitsu intro class tonight at 7:30pm.. This is the last free intro class we are offering, so come on out and give it a try!!
We are looking for words from the community that describe Progressions salon. What one word do you think of when you think of Progressions?
a founding warning RT : Nothing is too extravagant to expect from men who conceive they are ungratefully & unjustly dealt by
Big Cuz on in the 3rd hour. tune in, gonna be gr8t!
never easy to make the "hard call" but those calls pay off long term
Just another day doing what I do
3 days until Throwdown at the Cobalt Cafe! We need some help tearing the place down.
O'Sullivan from Butts puts up 4-2 with 2:06 to play in the first quarter.
Just set a world record for eating pie
If I die young bury me in my uniform lay me down on a cheer mat sink me in the Milkhouse at worlds send me away w/ the words of a cheer mix!
of course! You will have to be part of our event next year :)
Give yourself some extra time when driving to tonight's Meet&Greet, 7-8pm at 783 Gold Hill Pl, Woodland Park (Teller GOP HQ)
> #barackobama IS running on his record. Against romney's record of bailing out th Olympics, profiteerG, governorship.
have u heard that Danica Patrick got pole? theres nice vid somewhere out there!
So proud of my girls tonight at #FAF nailed her drama solo and my sweet Tay did awesome w/ her Human Video team!
So...no skiing to work this morning. Shoveling the driveway for an hour straight took it out of me.
Anyone else catch the #Cartier #commercial, pretty sweet art direction, I am going to find a link and post it up.
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are broccoli soup or Mushroom. Sugar free Lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
I love how Brendon gets into martial arts movies, I like to think Ip Man 2 is rated R for respect
Missing home...see you in a week !!
'I'm so sorry I'm late, my eyes just got pecked out by crows.'
Been dying to try the food at Samba Brazilian Steak House. Anyone been? What can ya tell me??
that's correct dude. We use google Apps to set up the email accounts. Whenever u wanna keep in touch email one of us
Friday nights are all about the ladies #dallasnightlife when yall leave the clubs come party some more with us
I just did Beiber. Typical stick figure but with the hair swept toward his face. Plus musical notes. Ha.
The President and First Family are watching tonight...I highly suggest you ensure wins...
So that's what it's like to be too busy for social networks. Anything exciting happen?
National Day of Prayer. I pray that the people that listen to me not only hear what I say, but understand what I mean and who I am.
"A lot of talented actors still have to pay their bills." - Mark Wahlberg
RT : S/o to the team we have been working hard!
I am hoping for a busy day! Downside of having a business that is seasonal. This place turns into a ghost town!
Gotcha! I am personally a fan of the show, but I agree that people get obsessed, about other shows/events as well..
Our buddy is on the flipping cover of USA Today!
sometimes i just wanna fly away and come back when everything is over....
A busy day here at TSG! A home inspection, photos on a new listing and various client appts! I can still squeeze you in, give me a shout!
Favorite ads= Nike Ads
Kyle Washington on the #Badgers: '“I don’t see Wisconsin falling out of my top five, so I definitely see them being heavily involved'
#Niners Game was Great.. #TimTebow and Broncos need to do the same...
no, No, NO to the Keystone XL Pipeline; no, No, NO to the Keystone XL Pipeline. Sound it out, and pass it on.
your lame ._.
I just wanna be close to you..
this is the nba.... who gets 5 second violations?!
"Ain't nothin like a 4 eyed chick!" Still laughing!
It's like 90 degrees outside, humid, raining, thundering, and I'm here dying
So pissed off at you now..
Jam Jam
good observation. However, has always been an early riser...
that's so cute hahahaha !
Please welcome VisitAyrshire to the Max life
Nope, I haven't either. And not planning on it.
I need to be fat or something. Everything I eat will not fill me up!
Loved meeting you, too, beautiful!!
lol I've actually seen quite a few ppl w/this picture..
I can get my Google Voice number to go over VOIP. Cool. Would be awesome if I could get my Sprint cell phone to go over VOIP.
Thanks! RT : Watching America's Next Top Model, would totally rock this show!
Haha! Nice job China! “: (Update) News Alert: NBC News confirms the North Korean rocket launch failed, breaking up soon after launch.”
RIP Harry Morgan
Sunshine on my way to work :)
"visual materials demand visual access" - Cal's Environmental Design slide collection now has "digital contact sheets". RAD.
my names kamalani but you can call me kama (: & you ??
Being left in the dark is not fun.
RT : Love calms the soul
you aren't dying are you?
No problem girl . ;)
Andy made tacos tonight.. He didn't drain the grease.. My stomach feels gross... I May puke
Tomorrow: Getting drunk on history (and beer). Pabst Mansion tour --> Miller Brewery tour.
Somebody just got shot
only in Vegas lol
Thanks, Bill. It was a very fun for a training run. How are you?
Two working days left this week with 5 to 7 days of work to do
It's not too late to sign up for the wedding connection!
Lol! What it do Chris? How you been bruh!? RT : Go Dez Go! Go Dez Go!
omg yesterday was so much fun. went to a family thing with josh then went home with him. goin toa fair wit him today CANT WAIT
Gardening can be extremely relaxing.
Are you camping outside your empty house for two weeks?
just jokin i wont
Go buy song on youtube its called love is and its wonderful its in itunes now!!!!
I hate that croissants exist, and I hate that I know about them.
The Los Angeles team won the AllStar Game. Enjoyed your time in Orlando, Dwight
No one ever teaches well who wants to teach, or governs well who wants to govern.
Excited to see rocks!
Some people have serious problems..and don't realize it.
India! India! You must come for the fifteen minutes next time...
Busy day at Black Duck! Motorcycle club patches, award-embroidered towels, & big logos for TV all open in my editing software. I <3 Variety!
Everyone I have talked to is stoked to get rowdy with the James Gang in the . March 17th cant come quick enough
What good is twitter if nobody talks?
any bands down for a NYE show at Beer Co? 100% of the door. :)
Who decided to renew Flo Rida's recording contract? Thanks but we do not need more Flo Rida in this world.
RIP #Dick Clark =(
You're welcome! I'm glad you felt better. I always like to make people smile and feel happy!
Can't believe I'm missing fucking Loiter Squad.
Thanks! :) Happy Weekend :)
It will make me really happy if you follow me. And don't you want to make someone happy?
cool! I actually got a hall pass for the game...
Great Groupon deal. Get online with Groupon & buy $10 worth of Safari Cup Coffee drinks or food for $1. Only 95 minutes left!!
yeah sure bahha
this reminds me of the pinky and the brain!lol
whats up with iphone app? Haven't been able to stream the station for the last two days (File could not be found)
We will go over time today maybe 90 minutes so lets keep the conversation going. Biggest question next !
I think today I am going to get a lot of shit off my mind
There was a momet of silence and my sister busted out laughing....can't wait to see that in church
thank you so much dude we will definitely be back up there !
:) not really doe ohio weather is not fun and ohio is really boring , your the one whose lucky ;)
Hanging at the Freak Happy Hour on my way back from Ramblewood. My first time. Great crowd and my kind of bar!
#thedinah #clubskirts Bite me and get it in at thedinah with Chocbite chocolate. Exclusive, watch for my tweets.
Hehe I duck. Those trucks scare me!
Yup. Good or bad depending on what your business is.
yayyy! I can't wait (: miss you!
its a shame isn't it...
"in Genesis 1:1 it doesn't say the Heavens were w/o form & void, it says the Earth was!" via // Trust God in every circumstance
Can Tech Companies Continue To Innovate With No Women At The Table?
We got our first "Middle school honor student" bumper sticker in the mail today along with an awesome report card! We are so proud of Dylan!
If you get cheated by the Better Business Bureau, who do you complain to?
SHOUT OUT AND FOLLOW ME? <3 67
football lockout could be over today. details on Good day ny.
Just got to the conclusion of my final paper. Its surreal...
any chance yr coming down to sxsw this year to spin or otherwise? would love to have you on
BRACE FACE<333
All this talk of pizza, hope you're working out afterwards!!
I will always accept that beautiful love you give me <3
go head and sleep big man ur team needs u!!
Britney said are you going to that party tonight
1ST THING UR GOING TO DO WHEN UR DONE WITH THE DENTIST? TAKE A PICTURE!!! :)
Every speech #Obama gives on the economy is nothing but fallacies and class warfare.
Another study synopsis that really tells the reader nothing. I would like to see the list of the ten
I am dropping knowledge in my tweets.
hope they get stuck
check out our site and !!!
sounds good!
Thank you , , , for making 's X-Ray Spex Tribute Album a huge success!
Watching how can someone's mom not know that she is divorced or has a 6 year old?
Looks like its gonna be me, myself, and my beats today.
Happy Independence Day!
Happy Mothers Day to all my many mom friends in the twitterverse. Enjoy your day, wherever it takes you!
#sschat #edchat 8th graders loved the QR code treasure hunt...thanks classroom tools
I had like one of the best days yesterday <33 Im just surprised to what I hear c:
its okay if you didnt i followed you tho lol how are you doin i like the pic btw john cena shirt :)
A life without spare time is like spare time without a life. So you want a bit of both.
Did you know pink,yellow and blue packets we use everyday are really Neurotoxin!s!
I don't blame them at all. Still doesn't mean I want anything to do with Facebook.
"Ann will probably bore you with stories of our sons and our grand kids" #MittRomney Funny how he can detect boring capacity of others--
I wanna know but I don't think I can handle the answer...
Still reading "Never eat Alone". You diffently need a notebook nearby. Keith gives great information to be used in any business.
Alright Friday lets hurry to 6 :)
In Dolores Park, naturally. Holler if you'd like to join us.
I wish it was tuesday cuz i hate mondays
Reacquainted myself with the road bike....and the pavement today! Always good to get the first crash under the belt!
Many attempts at communicating are nullified by saying too much. ~ Robert Greenleaf
GOLLLLLLLLLLLLLL. Yeah baby
Check out our new clothing sponsor designer M The Movement. www.mthemovement.com Also new show dates will be posted later tonight
Kettle bells? All this time I thought it was cattle bells.
“ *Reads #Spurs injury report: "None to Report" *Checks date: "April 23" *Smiles #gospursgo”
I'm thinking after SCMsS we draft a CFP?
congrats friend! That was definitely an epic day...
Go to sleep or the Easter Bunny won't bring you shit!!!
SO FUCKING EXCITED p.s. fuck you
Heart FOR SALE! Only been broken few times. Still in good condition. Maybe.
c'mon fins.
Yes, well, teatchers can be stupid. Sad but true. RT ahahah well that stupid teatcher meseed up my week
Welcome #AIMSPLP to Looking forward to sharing in your accomplishments and learning with you today!
Yo mama didn't drop you as a baby! The sidewalk did just took one look at you and jumped up & slapped you.
A plan is forming …
How many different sizes and weights do you have with the sandbags? Do they all have handles?
Feeling this storm right now.
Gavin Degraw makes my heart smile. Haha
Thanks Lisa Schlesinger & Tom Mula and the student playwrights for a great event this morning!
I like the calls from the past idea. Haven't seen the end yet.
Red Bull, give me wings so I can fly through the rest of tonight's shoot
tell her to take a shower and stop rolling in the perfume!
mind following back?
lol ok I will
Just finished playing "oh hell" wit my mom & gma & omg my sides hurt from laughing so hard...we're a lil nuts...makes it fun
They lost but it was a badass game.
Thoughts on GRPN?
maybe. I got a strained pec or something in my chest and I feel it in my back. This shit sucks
Kellin Quinn really is having a baby girl and he really is naming her Copeland dear god hold me
"E-mail reduction is not about technology. It's about psychology!" - Nathan Zeldes, E-mail Expert @ Boyercom's keynote presentation.
How did you feel when the short guy said that you were sweeter then jim jones?
It's absolutely amazing when the the LA Times Book Festival is taking place right outside your dorm.
lol its a quote out of a book I was reading
We served 118 families through our front doors today! In addition we distributed 500 Thanksgiving boxes in the past 48 hours!
Wow we really just had a wedding with Carly's squinkies!!! Lol
it's 10 bucks but Jafe says we have 5 guest list spots so it sounds like free is a possibility
The Beard was rocking it! I'm just glad he got in the game. I was a little nervous until the Castro error.
"Thor 2" MT One time Loki took the form of a mare to trick a guy & the guy's horse fucked Loki and Loki had an 8-legged horse baby.
It's literally over 100 degrees inside my house right now. I feel myself slowly melting away.
Bench starters to avoid injury risk. Play etc
I'm starting summer classes the 21 woo!
I have seen Jordan Taylor. Thanks
“Never under any circumstances take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.” ― Dave Barry
I don't know. It's like I'm torn between hatred for myself & of people.
Tech & Soc Week 6: Baily says: "Training is the systematic acquisition of skills, knowledge, and attitudes."
next time! hahah whenever that is :P
why did it take for us so long to be friends?!
roadtosturgis.net is up and running........check it out!! Only one week and no sleep and I did it! Yeah
I haven't read any Jack Campbell. I'm at least placing them on the wish list.
whats up my friend? How is your great veteran day?
Summer school should not be during Sumner! :p
Happy new year, everyone! Stay safe and bring 2012 in with a bang.
the crazy part is ppl said band wrote freebird on deck“: What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic? About halfway.”
Up way too early in the morning to workout
#Miami I love you, amazing weekend but so Happy to be home in Boston, in my own bed!
Always and never are two words you should always remember never to use.
I wanted the broad strokes, but thanks to autocorrect, I will be receiving Brad strokes. Not sure if this is better or worse.
Things you never want to hear. "Bet I can shoot u and get away with it"
Well, they have not named a winner before. At least they didn't ANNOUNCE THE WRONG FINALIST and then rescind... #somuchLiteraryDrama!
why do you have so many haters? Oh wait I know.... jealous bum bitches... yeah that's it!
Got this third season of Black Books to watch. Alright, one episode and then I need to go to bed.
But I'm sure they love when you help them stop :-) ": Hate when my friends call me crying :("
you and the boys did so good on the voice <3
I just finished a 5.30 km run with a time of 38:19 with Nike+ GPS.
LOL at stupid people .
WOOWOOWOO YOU KNOW IT!
I had a blast my bday celebrations has ended
Twitter deleted like 40 of my tweets smh
AH ON THE RADIO!! YEEE
Art is not separate from life, it is life. --Dr. Albert C. Barnes
We Build Apps, Let us make your App idea, a reality! Go PACKERS! Best! DonnO
Happy Saturday, loves! , , , , , Thank you for the follow!
Go Toronto! Right on track. Parental involvement - YES! A combined effort is needed to stop the bullying.
Lit is killing me
Twinkle twinkle little slut name a guy who u havnt fucked.
Outside of #Avengers, there isn't an easier movie to market right now than #SnowWhite and the Huntsman.
who's ready to go see project x tomorrow? >=]
do u wish from ur hart that to see every parson admire u and talk to him or to do something different with any one of them or not ??
Congrats to Lisa Silagyi, Pacific Region Art Museum Educator of the year.
Two more hours to kill before "A Wave of the Wand.." Good luck!
Fox just said it is winning Friday. Oh really? Since when???
Does anyone know a park where you can have a water slide bounce house?
This movie may as well be called "Remember That Time I Gave You an S.T.D.?"
Happiest of B-Day wishes to you!
Congrats to on your wedding man!
panicked when she saw two eyes in her chow mein ......then realized it was a peking duck
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile : send her a cute goodnight text while she's sleeping so she wakes up with a smile on her face.
Mike avg 10 yds per interception in Super Bowl V with the longest 18 yds (sorry for the typo)
An email was sent about the situation.
"I pour kerosene on everything I love & watch it burn." 🔥👍
Good Morning :) RT : Morning beautiful people..make it a beautiful day..we are
hi there :)
I'm the #coolest, I'm the #greatest, I'm so #hip. You can buy me soon!! Yay! What am I? #imamofone and let's be friends!!!
will be at Mydwelling (316 N. Milwaukee St., Suite 100) Friday at 5pm and Saturday from 11am-4pm for Gallery Night/Day!...
While I don't condone looking past any team, I'd say chances are better that LA puts out ugly soccer than RSL
That I always learn when I'm with our trainers
Grandsons turned 2 today. Happy Birthday, Ian and Owen.
my favorite part of every day is when it's time for bed. and naps. basically anything that has to do with sleeping.
Happy Thanksgiving!
": lol ok. You're the winner."<<<ooh what I get?
Twitter prevents me from getting my homework done
hope you're ready for an amazing friendship to blossom tomorrow.
I had fun w/my family today, Deidra a fool.
PROGRESS always involved RISK - U can't steal 2nd base & keep your foot on 1st !!
Tonight's Special: House Ground Lamb Burger w/ Kalamata Olive Aioli, Mixed Greens, and Tomato w/ Choice Side!!!!
Thanks!!! No game for us either... but we're all rooting for our #Brewers :)
I really wanna watch titanic right now
that's a good way to get to know her ...?
someone 20x20 tweet me :D
Chicken Song!
Need to rejuvenate? Come pick up some Dermalogica products! They cleanse your pores and remove dead skin, leaving your face soft & smooth!
It speaks well of Chicago that our Occupy events haven't seen the same violence as in other cities, from cops or demonstrators
okay yay! Let's meet up 😊
No problem! Be sure to check out also
#replacebandnameswithpancake Earth Wind and Pancake
If you're near a TV, you should be able to see the Atlanta city council meeting and Tuskegee proclamation on Chanel 26.
pretty sure you have an invitation somewhere in your inbox ;) if not, DM us ;) ^
My last retweet >>
Second day in a row my bus home has been early and I missed it. Why have a fucking schedule if you don't go by it?
Can this Knicks team cover my +15 spread
That would be so awesome.
On wed and thurs i played hardcore basketball with my friends I thought i was going to loose a couple more pounds
Hahahaha can't wait to go back out to
Pissed I don't have HBO anymore and have to wait until tomorrow to watch
hot toddy
they person Idol plays with is always the person who get eliminated; please be true this week
stop making me want you.
Pen, Lipgloss, wallet
Butt wheat terd pies for dinner :)
OH IKR!! THEN SHE WILL DUMP JUSTIN FOR ONE DIRECTION Just 2 get more fame
#ihatewhen a guy whistles at me. I'm not a dog.
I'm just gonna go and start my own band, oh wait...
I hope everyone has an amazing day!!!! (:
Seneca No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent
Excited for #Citylights tonight at Union Station! Good luck to all our clients in the running for the tech awards!
yep 30 more people thanks for the shout out!!
Ohio State fans should not be surprised with the one year ban from bowl games
SNL is actually funny tonight.
people have often relied on intermediaries (journalists, etc) to understand gov; intermediaries aren't bad per se
hangin out at and just got 4 tickets for the tonight.....anyone want them? first person to reply gets them in will call
Spending with my woman>>>spending time playing video games
I just wanna go home
I am so tired!!!
A relationship without trust is like a cellphone with no service & what do you do with a cellphone with no service? You play games.
Um... I've interviewed the likes of Blek le Rat. I'm just making a point... Saber creates controversy.
Happy Mother's Day to all the fine women in my life who have put up with my crap and crap of others like me for oh these many years.
TGIF and Chris birthday tonight
So...spring break the week after next... This week is gonna be long
it sucks right?/:
Always playing catch-up
Lottery lover finds stories in his tickets
follow back!
Recording some tracks this weekend. FINALLY!
of your journey! embrace it and love every minute of it!
but some share everything and more
Congrats to this week's #5MinuteFiction winner: Well done!
going to see the Hunger Games with my best friend :) really excited to see it!!
Music DSP and synthesis nerds… Check out FAUST - audio / synthesis language. #phillyete keynote.
Whoa, Kenyon Martin? What year is it?
thanks homie, love ya have fun in FL!!!
Thanks for the crafty love. this was so worth the work. :)
Thank you! Much love!<3 Will do...
How do I connect with you on google wave?
Five Myths Of The Enterprise Startup
For Valentine's Day, I would like a bouquet of one dozen fried chicken drumsticks, complete with ribbon and baby's breath.
the best I've heard so far, a must share.
Sitting on the bus stop, wondering if I'm wearing the wrong skirt or if I should replace eating chips with grapefruits....
YES!!!! RT : #myfavoriteartist is the QUEEN period
Im laughing... So is spongebob
and if you don't know... now you know!!
Mark's devastatingly brilliant. Re: Progressive. A man can do what he wants w/his $$. Do beneficiaries know from where it came
As for lawyers, it's more fun to play one than to be one.
#ReplaceCodySongsWithUnicorn Unicorn Your Heart Out..
I hope that every man & just learned from watching Courtney play a man like a fiddle!
hiya! thanks for fallowing! and see you after spring break! :)
thanks for blessing out ears once again #YeaDatsMe ....June 5th
donuts are good for a healthy mind.
On May 1? Bliss. Hope an exciting summer lies ahead. Can't believe it took me this long to find you on here.
IE isn't that bad.:(
4 day weekend!
Uh, where's mine? That isht looks delicious.
Oregon RT : Who won the fight?
Sex aint better that love
No. BUT, it would give you some good column fodder. Is it weird that I miss reading about Bonzi and his sycophants?
of course - standing offer. :) There isn't much I don't/won't read. Anything I can do to help - glad to!
": Davis up 61-42 with 3:19 left. Pirates are already in the four-corner offense."
We're at Click's. We go on at 10:30
you should! You'd be very popular
RT this post if you moisturize your arms and legs daily to achieve rich and glowing skin.
[] single [] taken [x] dont give a fuck cause all the guys are to short, immature, or stupid!..
Elementary School: Everyone is my friend! I love everyone! Middle School: I love my group of friends! High school: What are friends?
Jessica Lange YES!!
Omg got 80k #Yee and I just found out now cuz I was sleeping lol PLEASE FOLLOW ME??? <3 Ps. OMC I love you!! :)
Ice baths suck ass
With April showers, bring May flowers...why is it raining then..not happy.
Clutch is going full THROTTLE.... Are you ready Milwaukee!!! Be sure to tell ALL your friends to come down and check us out....
MasterC is best show on TV-access to these mentors is a GIFT! & empowering to hear stories directly from them!
WAIT I DON'T HAVE THAT ONE YOU WIN
A quick "heads up" that my site is about to go down for a big update this weekend, just in case anyone comes here when they can't access it.
You bet it's fantastic! I'm finding it amazingly helpful
I'm watching Bachelor Pad on ABC right now. And I'm dying inside a little.
washing away my sarrows, washing away my fear And washing away my heart. Four Life
Wow, MCA? Really?
Yeah, going to school tomorrow sounds about as exciting as watching grass die.
RT : New Beyonce....Pump or Dump? What's your opinion?//// did she gain weight or something?
#DFWSEM mtgs: Keywords, Campaigns, Competition, Clicks (CPC & PPC), Connectivity, Conversion, Queries, Cost, Calls, Quotes & Quality score
but neither is the passage nothing; we have norms about voting rights, clean air, higher ed etc that have grown over time
A lot going on with brands at #Chevy charged my phone. #amexaustin10 hooking it up with JayZ concert and deals.
Bout to go to sleep. Goodnight Twitfam!
omfg hahah (x ayee wanna do me a favor & follow me ? (;
The John Hughes pick makes much more sense now.
Any cools shows? Dance parties? Sweet stores? Tweet it and tag it! "#hipstervegas"
May have 2 become a member of the kennedy ctr. Wayne brady turned it out last night doing the songs of sammy davis jr & sam cooke w/the nso!
Both, in a Haley-Joel-Osment-slash-girl-from-Poltergeist way.
what the fuck are you doing stealing other peoples songs..haha do you have any of your own. YOU'RE A FLAKE
Thanks so much. Let us know if there's anything we can do for you. Stay in touch!
Thanks a million!! :)
then, why not a home and home?
pouring down rain and the sun is out, would be running around the house looking for a rainbow if she wasn't in RI *sad face*
I'm might not get wifi there but I'm going I hotta go get my little brother anyways. I'm SO mad you don't understand
is that greater or lesser than a 'buttload'?
Can't wait to hear what have to say next week on the HSMAI Webinar "How to Turn Loyal Customers into Salespeople"
But I live and I learn...
Somehow Online Shopping turned into watching Japanese Rape Porn. Why does this always happen?
GO ! :D It sucked for me cause I wear glasses. -.- and they're squared. BUT I STILL LOVED IT.
"Allegedly" working out
Good morning mothers
I ONLY WANNA STAY FOR 2WEEKS.
Its 11:11 and Im wishing even though I should be asleep!! I wish austin mahone would notice me!! Or atleast marry me!!
Why do I have to wake up to that. I wish I don't needa log on to Twitter and see shit. Not even mad, just upset.
You laugh because you think it's a joke. I laugh because you think I'm joking.
"She went birding in Morocco..." Definitely first line of a poem.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own Robert Heinlein
My dad says I drive like a "FIB"... Dear lord.
Dorm ...complete with awful roommate.
I wish :(( but we have to stay in a certian county because my moms doc office..
Your make ups more real then you.
AJ Ellis is a born leader. When he takes a day off, so does the rest of the Dodgers lineup.
. As a reminder, LIAR . is only 2 things: An enemy & seditionist. She hates US freedoms.
Make today ridiculously amazing!
you should know by now! Been like 800 days! Lol. Please let me know if u are Beth frazho with five brothers. Hope you get this!
There's so much more to love about now that is single. He most certainly
Congrats ! You've won the $100 Lands End gift certificate!!
This game is ridiculous
Thanks Luke! I really appreciate it!
Today, we're going to discuss prints! What's your favorite to wear: animal, floral, geometric? You tell us!
I love judging dance team tryouts:)
do I need to #fukaniggahup today
I hate #colitis!
Done for the day. I have 120K the average stack is 155K. There are 36 people left 20 get paid. We restart tomorrow at noon.
break a leg! god I would kill to do that show. lookslike i'll do legally blond next but who knows. I for sure will! :D
The Yankees game was great, but The Red Sox game was even better.
Paratext products are Z3950 compliant and work with most discovery services, including #Primo, #EBSCO discovery service and
Oh we would LOVE that! After our event on May 18th, let's chat!
I feel stupid the answer to my ?'s "is right in front of me"but i pretend it's not true . \='"and i wont believe "need some fresh air.
Sit down. Big news. The city housing comm is actually meeting. Its a tad painful as I and landlord atty agree in disagreeing w city atty.
Cheers to , enjoy the Birthday!!
hahaha. Tell me about it!
handles your twitter account in person? :)
Adam n eve dnt eat that fruit best believe imma eat that boo
Third class ticket on Titanic: $40 in 1912, about $900 now. Highest level of first class was $4,500 which today would be $103,000. DAMN!!
thinking of you.
miss you!
I want to go c some new movies dats out
Another lesson from "Learn Python the Hard Way": Type code in. Experiment. It takes longer but this reinforces your understanding.
Question after tonight's GOP debate is who lost more than who won. And, Frothy Santorum lost!
Eat em up Tigers, Eat em up!!
The worst is when you know you deserve it.
My first Derby party - mint juleps and betting, fun :)
#AskNathan are you excited for the new york concert on March 25th?
Pennsylvania. I haven't been to California or Flordia i guess those parts of the US are nice
Thanks for the #Ovations2011 love & support, ladies!
Tea Party support for Heck wanes
There's a knock knock knocking in my head and I think it's called a screaming baby!
That could be self-fulfilling. But my main argument is that the difficulty of writing is a major ball and chain on Chinese.
Feels SO good to be on Summer vacation!
Got water bottles when you get #Thirsty on a test too. Yo #TheStruggle over yo. My shit A1 though 👌
“: I'm Taking a chance today to make Zucchini Bread in a Laboratory for my Lover! #dumbholidays” way to bundle them :)
C a p s caps caps caps!
"A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience." - Miguel de Cervantes
ah you sneaky sneaky hahaha sugar him up and send him off
Thanks so much! Always grateful to provide AND receive inspiration. #blackedu ;)
i'm fine too thanks :B
A month and im in
God bless light skin women 😍
that airline is falling apart! I Twitter-bitched about it w/ a few months ago, too. We need better options!
Curiosity killed the cat, but mild curiosity just made it squat awkwardly while sniffing.
since when do u have sleeves?!
Is it possible to come to a majority consensus on the best song ever in the world?
You're Perfect.
lmfaoo NO! ... my stomach hurts...
I miss the beach :(
Im not an ass, just not a man whore lol #sorry u smell nasty!! Don't need to lower any standards here again #neveragain hey I was 16??
Jeremy Lin are you kidding me???
Love is the delusion that one man or woman differs from another.
Check out the Australian version of
he a pretty bitch like Lil b haha
you know most ppl really suck at keeping promises
one of my favorites!
done! Thanks.
Twittergrader is really cool! As is Timely.is! Thanks for the suggestions!
ok what's the favor
Getting ready to roll to PHX so all the "driving idiots" on I-10 please take the nearest exit and get off the freeway.
Who's at the Grand Opening of today?!
Was wondering what went with zombies; red or white wine. Then I realized what a silly question. Red of course.
Follow anyone and everything...or at least your heart
After about an hour and a half delay, we are ready to resume play. Runners on first and second with two outs for the Hokies, bottom 1.
youknow it! So what do you do exactly?
What the actual issue is, is people being WAY overdramatic and sensitive. So the kid likes to party - WHO CARES!
can you explain?
The character limit is on Twitter b/c when it 1st started they foresaw use w/ cell phone text msgs & those had character limits
Did Rondo get struckin traffic? When was the last time a player forgot to come to a playoff game?
Not sure about you guys, but /I/ woke up to my cat licking my eyelid.
lmao sure :p
what are your plans for new years eve? Follow for info about our NYE Party at Aloft Hotel Downtown
why get a badass tattoo when you can get one of a goat
I'm gonna be paranoid about earthquakes and things now. 😰 but this movie still hasn't made any sense.
I tend to read multple books at one time.
Did you know that February is American Heart Month? Take some time out to learn how you can show your heart some love!
my fortune cookie says "you have a unique personality" ...an understatement, but I'll go with it!
deputation has it's benefits I see
Time flys when you're working the raquet ball courts, it just flies really really slowly
Dear non-education friends and followers: apologies in advance for the nine million tweets from #TEDxNYED you're about to see.
Odors at the moment: saddle soap, horse sweat, leather, barn dust, hay, and manure musk
Exposing ALEC: How Conservative-Backed State Laws Are All Connected - The Atlantic
It is so hot! How about a electric bike ride along the SD Harbor? How bout getting it for 60% off? www.eDailyQuest.com
Thank goodness there is Mel Torme to clean the palate of Frank Sinatra.
morning/afternoon! How are you? Lots of love, follow me please??:'-)
Although partisan, I'm glad to see that the system still works. Congrats to the U.S. Congress for passing the #healthcare bill.
#Shoutout to ---» ! Thanks for the follow
thanks for your help with this. Nice to meet you on twitter too.
on this one I mean the wildest who may not be exactly the best but someone who is just crazy to watch.
Wow, thats dedication!
Sorry I missed your tweets re patent reform yesterday. It's going to create new problems & not fix much.
im so bored :/
*Gulp.* The WHAT? Pictures, please! #snatchel RT : And the glittery uteruses have arrived!
Hey everyone in Los Angeles, Obama's in town tonight, so you'll want to leave work three days ago. Good luck.
Prayers go out to people of Henryville, IN.
Early Intervention and collaboration is key.
#. Buying FRYE Men&#39;s Harness 12R Boot Shopping Online | Leather ...
Working on a curriculum for studying ethics in libraries for staff, pages, part-time workers, volunteers, and community members.
I've been thru this w/ tech support. It does not work. Can you not see the form that I filled out at request of vzwsupport?
that's done
I need $500 to borrow til April to get what I want so any takers?
YAY NEW PICTURE
ny the way ur realy cute
Damn who was that hot girl in Matt Kalil's party? She was sexy! Lol
awesome!! Being a PartyLite Consultant is so much fun!!
Whites in Brazil RT ": Who is more lost, Blacks in America or Blacks in DR? Hm."
Spring is upon us and it is time to think about scheculing at off site meeting! Contact your favorite McMenamins Property to find out more!
Hey peeps ask me any questions and I'll put them in my next YouTube video!!(:
Are u Going To be On Season 4..?
Coaches: All of the players are in Vegas and ready to play. Games will start at 1:30 pm Saturday, July 23rd at Impact Academy.
I love that show.
#ifidiedtommorow id go sign my body up for science and donation list for parts and transplants
I don't like green eggs and ham, I don't like them Sam I am.
When I respect the image of God in others, I protect the image of God in me.Be Blessed Beloved
ANYONE HAVE AN INSTAGRAM!? tweet me (:
that is awesome!
can u or someone else please email me passwords to BWB FB & twitter? Thx!
lmao @ this chick on maury with this bright pink hair
oh my gosh the milkshakes from chevron??
You ever wake up in the middle of the night with heartburn so bad you expect to look down and see your chest glowing like E.T.?
Wait wait wait is his account hacked or something or is he really that much of a douche, the shit he's tweeting lolwtf.
I love when it's hot outside and you can clearly tell who are the gays and who are the straights.
2 auds today, cb yesterday, avail for th-fri.That's what I was hoping for for the 1st week.Last yr, I left town & missed out on all the work
Its amazing! Wow...
#justread Enjoyed Danzy Senna's collection You Are Free.
#dareproject 20! Can you believe it? MARK YOUR CALENDARS - May 16th at Urban Stages! Revealing dares & writers this week.
Looking forward to making some dinner tonight. Operation cook what's in my freezer has officially begun.
RT : Commission considers shortening New Mexico State Fair from 17 days to 12 to save money | The Republic:...
Today Was So Much Fun At The Nokia Theater,Watched#TheMovieBully It Was So Touching&Moving&Made Me Realize Something Needs To Be Done ! <3
I need food
screw this. we're taking our reusable bowls to for <500 cal lunches & ppl watching. judgment tastes sweeter w/ low cal dressing.
"Ok. Ima just rest my eyes untill they reply back" - *next morning* - "Damnit!" so true.
The NBA is in good shape right now, but those Jordan days boy..... Must see tv
can't wait to see you tonight!
RT : #whywouldyou settle for anything less than exactly what you want? < I wouldn't
The Killing is starting to remind me of House. A new suspect every few minutes.
The Elder Scrolls MorrowindOblivionSkyrim Guitar Medley - gibson guitars
you know what you should do?? tweet me? ;D
Types of drug abuse Dental Personnel encounter include sedatives, barbiturates, and narcotics
Bonus Bachmannism: "We're the king daddy dogs when it comes to energy." - Michele Bachmann
Everytime I saw your old Twitter picture, I thought you were my ex boyfriend. Scary! Thank goodness it isn't him, but you! :)
follow me guhh
Back in Bloomington and at brunch at Atlas with
RT : Every man should know how to grill the perfect steak.
Polished and submitted an article!
#bbworld11 can post attachments w discussion board posts
I wish my moma would shut the fuck up always yelling for no reason
oh they were definitely in the red with that promo.
I freaking hate being late!!!!! UGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
A4: Best advice to a frustrated job seeker: Keep calm & carry on! Everyone gets disappointed from time2time, just gotta move on.
i was there last week!! u cheating on me?
Follow the guys of !
What's up for NYE2011? Any greek events?
nothing like a duvet and a big mug of tea when the weathers like this :)
Uh Houston, we have a problem in Cleveland.....
I am Hispanic lol
is hosting a webinar today for the APA: Successful Developer RFP Processes: The do’s and don’ts
That's great! RT : I'm telling ya, the rocks with their access for deaf and hard of hearing viewers!
Thanks for the follow
im not typin ur name on purpose..... mi hands hav a mind of their own
I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU
My go-to clothing items: or jeans, v-neck & scoop tees, my fave sweater & comfy flat shoes.
loved the bit about Kentucky in 7 seconds today...K-E-N-TUCKY!
Glad I got to see tonight! ☺
10 year deal...wow...
@ rounders tournament wahey!!
I'm glad I got a twitter. People be sayin some funny and outrageous shit lol
If The Binding of Isaac came out on the Vita, that'd be all it would take to get me to buy one.
Btw, I heard today. A company called lifelock is still a sponsor of the #RushLimbaughIsAnAsshole show
doesn't #Kevinlove look great with longer hair and a beard? He looked a little jockish before
good morning...God bless
I need some new dvds
My night is gonna suck , hopefully tmrws better.
Now that, of course, begs the questions, "So, why was climbing out the window?" Fun pic!
Three Deported Amigos!
ain't nobody got time for that.
194 i love your icon! Robert and Austin :D
#youknowyourdayisproductivewhen : you are at mailboxes etc.
if I ever go to Texas I want to meet <3
Lol yeah but if i come to dosta imma wanna stay there.
Willie so silly (:
: Thank god Its almost over lol Im so hungry
license to the footage of the silent film thief of bhagdad is available for $500 i smell a music video...
They will be different each time. THIS TIME there will be 7 questions, and 3 answers are based off my keeks & youtube!!! :-D
well..im at a party but im about to leave..and its 1am...here In seattle it always rains u have a bf??
#Prayer was the answer yesterday, today, and I have no fear that it will be the answer tomorrow.
Pretty sure I was not 100% normal even when starting puberty.
Kid who sang One Step Ahead w sing alliance , wicked voice at
how many more days till my birthday
Dakota have fought back and have cut the Jam's lead to 4.. 19-15
falling paper letters with weird light effects = l o v e
I love this show so much. And Lavon needs to be my friend now.
Agreed. MT : Why was I so completely transfixed by a 20th c topic? Franz Ferdinand and historical memory - damn. Spkr was amazing.
So the Library of Congress has approved "Sausages in Art" as a subject heading. Thank goodness.
LOVE TO HEAR THAT Kyle! Wish we could have made it to Camp Tag this year. Thanks for all you do for the #foodallergy community!!
robutts? Really? My my...
"In this new economy, it's all about taking risks and connecting the dots." - entrepreneurial advice from
Agreed! RT : I'm good man. You have been busy. Let's hope stays busy fir two more series'.
That awkward moment when you can't read your own handwriting. -,-
You're welcome! Thank you for your support, too! Keep up the great work!
Im gonna have to say Scorpian just cause he's a total badass
you need me to stomp someone for ya?;)
What if is reading this and retweeted & followed me<33 I would be SO happy(:
I haven't been paying attention; is "Starring Steven Seagal" still a thing?
I'm happy!!!!!! RT : I'd hate to be Reds ....tough to make people happy in this town
im so frustrated -.-
Yeah, I saw that too. All I know is I can't use it w/o knowing other users. C'mon Google! I want you to make FB obsolete.
don’t talk to him, he’s mine don’t look at him, he’s mine don’t smile at him, he’s mine don’t touch him, i’ll kill you :p
Vicky Christina Barcelona. I should watch something I haven't seen yet, but I can't resist my love Javier. M.
two way road! > way and < way!
"suspected" forgot that part
If you are due a refund with your former spouse, make sure it goes to a neutral party who will give you ONLY the refund you are entitled to.
long hair ladies with some free time required for us to practice different wedding hair ups. message us x
Perfectly normal my friend. :)
If you concentrate on finding whatever is good in every situation,
Love bourgeoisie pig RT : : RT : Q5 best #Organic Food?
WHAT?! I'm on the road and need to be updated!
hey what happened? hope ur doin alright. if u need to talk im here.
please contact me at; I need some help buying some tablets from China thank you
MIXTAPE COVERS, PROMO CD COVERS AND SONG ART FOR A LOW PRICE, HIT UP MY DM FOR INFO !
your amazing<3
Up watching some tv and jammin.. Still drinking hard. Fuck it right? Way to much on the grinding mind to give 2 shits right now..
Again, I apologize for the UK fans that use poor judgment, they do not speak 4 all UK fans. I wish you nothing but best of luck.
I fart better dubstep.
going to get the new Kings of Leon album today.
i'm #notafan of yours.
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on a vacation.
ITS GOING TO BE SO GREAT
I just realized how cute I am drunk.
that they wear tight pants? ;)
good day to you!!
Sees a picture and the caption is "HOLLA AT YOUR GIRL ;)" then sees some guys status "Single girls hmu" Can I just kill myself please?
Alexis Bledel is on MAD MEN??? Damn. I need to catch up.
I do. I never met someone who liked the hiccups before lol
Tweet-to-Win recipients are Thanks, !!!! You guys rock!!!!!!
It's freezing tits in this class.
Listening to The Civil Wars before going to bed makes me feel like I should be reflecting on my life or something.
We have the opportunity to actually change government and increase civic engagement -Ferriero
Our next Line Dance Class is next Friday at 7pm! Will you be there to learn all the latest moves? Your friends and family will be in awe!
for sure. Did you get to Austin yet?
I cannot wait to go see at Hershey this summer! Ejeufbeowhru I'm so excited!(:
U are welcome
Working on my latest blog post, it should be up soon.
Something along the lines of that.
Yeah, the only way to get a hard copy is to order from Unibook.com Thanks for your interest!
What is trending right now? We try and track what the cool videos are so share one!
I want to put #beyonce's #VMA performance on replay for the rest of the night! oh my God how fun!
Love it!! We absolutely do custom orders for any theme you may have! Just call us at 883.0670 and place your order!
Tomorrow we'll have Heather Graham and our buddy and editor at people Magazine Joey Bartolomaeo ..Please Go have a great Thursday!
Thank you to follow us. Are you in the US market yet? If you are looking to export your brand into the US market, we can help you.
I just dont give a fuck.
Tons of clothing inspiration from Woodstock NY!
i can protect myself. but if i really need it. i have no one.
I recommend your book to everyone I come in contact with and I haven't finished it yet. It's amazing. Thank you!
This game is much closer than I thought it would be!!
I seriously can't wait! I've missed it! (:
PR lost 12% of GNP last few years. Lost 18% of jobs. 2% of island's population has left
Hey, I just watched the sneak peak episode of The Pitch, and was ecstatic to see you on there! That was awesome! Congrats!
follow back please :)
this is that tweet where I moan about how overwhelming my ToDo list is. and yes, I know I'm not the only one.
Lol RT Antonio Cromartie out Mother's Day with torn ACL sustained while sprinting between baby momma visits 5 and 6.
I wish I could be at Coachella :'(
you have it? I'm impressed.
HoeLies #36: I didn't sleep with Tiger Woods.
great news John. I know you must be missing them.
people astound me .
what's your Facebook?
Life is turning around, if only I could get over a crush
I love water!!!! Is that weird. It tastes so good
RT this if u think Is gonna win best calab tonight!!!
If you could release some outtakes and HQ photos we would be so happy! :) This is insane and a total shocker! You guys rock!
Good luck to running the Mini this morning! And a big day for my baby brother making his First Communion this afternoon!!
hahaha. There she is.
Come visit in the fall :)
yea yea. thats more obsession than luv but whatever. i think we should go to sleep soon. its almost midnite nd we have skool tom.
#amanshouldnot try to impress me by dissing my bf. he got me without name-calling. i'd hook up with another girl if i wanted to talk shit.
Proceeds from opening day sales benefit Pembo-Cieutat Academy of Dance and the Northshore Cajun Dancers! They won the Swirly Dance-Off!
Thanks :D
yeah no sure haven't.
I downloaded your song on iTunes :D
If American history has taught us anything it's that Jefferson should follow Adams. Vote for Jefferson Smith. cc:
I read fragments of ur article regarding why the Knicks should trade I think that u are all the way insane
HEY THERESA....r u still doing group readings at that restaurant om Long Island every month....how do we sign up?
slight work, Kirstin,
I forgot the rest :( im such a loser
Thank goodness I have the day off tmrw! have slept for at least 5 hours today.
its eyes look so dead!! Freaky.
Highland park artwalkin! On york in between 51st n 50th..join us on the east side!!!
the prosciutto is outstanding!
"Enough!!!!!! I am a GOD AND I WILL NOT BE BULLIED" *proceeds to being whipped around be the Hulk like a Child's play thing
OMG that's the coolest thing ever!!! Where did you get that?!?! :D
It's crazy what makes for affinity. Christian Bale and I both have a basenji dog, so I have a crush on him too.
ugh miss you tons best friend. as soon as these finals are outta the way we need an epicly long Skype date :)
It was fucking righteous!
yo JVR can I get a RT for a huge Flyers fan living in Maine? I'm at every PHI game in Boston and go to a couple games in PHI!
Rehearsal went well. Now heading to Andretti racing for my last night as a single man. Go cubs
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Stay away from arguments if possible. Some people may get obnoxious or belligerent online.
ideally, next time, I will be more aware of such events.
I'm not gon have to
yeah - totally weird. Looked at code & not seeing a prob. Thanks regarding my work!
Looks like #KanyeWest has scored himself a pretty good beard for Summer.
lol nice haha, well can i call And tell u about the school?=/ it wasnt that bad lol
3:58 to go 1-1 #caps #bruins its getting beyond intense on the ice.
My interest in humanity and the preservation and cultivation of it should be an interest of us all for we are all human;
Finna watch the Avengers, hope this shid straight
This morning's get-ready-for-work music? The Zelda 25th anniversary medley. #nerdyenoughforyou?
People be reading twitter like everything ppl tweet is about them.. SMDH! They are just tweets ppl lol
Last time waking up for classes this semester 😃
One day the world will end. Ehat are u going to do about it?
needs to be reminded of three words of wisdom that one should never forget "Donna Martin Graduates!"
After a whirlwind tour of NYC, I'm back (though still moving a little slowly due to a trip to the 2nd Avenue deli).
How ya been? How's the job hunting goin'? :-)
Thank you! Definitely on the radar!
The NFL draft is just like ceramics class, if you want to build something special, you need Morr Clai
Happy Birthday! I hope u have a gr8 day :-)
haha I thought of you when I saw who FSU was playing :)
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow that I could care less if you liked me or not.
I have enjoyed that series it's very well done but now all I can think abt is asparagus,goatcheese ,,,beGGIN tarts
Thanks for the great presentation today. Wanted to talk further - can you DM us with your email?
come back to jacob burns...
I don't like cinammon :/
What have you done today to make someone else smile?
heard rumors that my cat destroyed another pillow. Do they make kitty-prozac?
I still can't follow no one new since sometime this week((( is there a limit of 2000 people I could only follow or something?
Y'all should make an itunes mix of good workout music.
Don't be surprise when you see me happy with someone else.
Car-culture-as-manliness is stupid, and became outdated when we figured out decent quality control for cars. Get help.
8 species of wild fish have been detected in aquaculture feed
glad you made it to the #auroratownhall. Thanks for joining in the conversation!
what city are you located in?
amen to that
Heading home to see if my dear, dear car is really truly totaled.
Who woulda thought I would be the hold out! RT : I got my Christmas present, it's a boy! We're so happy! :)
no, you don't need DirecTV.
i love your tweets please follow me if your not already!!!:) thanks
have fun! my experience, people that hate Disney hate life. And themselves. :)
what's good!
Does anybody know if #FashionStar is at ten tonight or 8:00 like last week?~
"I am the light of the world. Anyone who follow Me will never walk in darkness but will have the light of life." John 8:12
I would remiss if I didn't say that he also brought it into courtroom -- while walking past door sign that read "no drinks"
Good luck! :)
^_^ RT : So glad that I stopped worrying about this shit. My friends are glad too. It was fucking with my head. I'm good :)
OK: That's just plain funny. RT : If my bikini fit that badly, I'd return it.
Watching #House Cant believe Wilson has cancer. Love the drama!
20 percent boys of the world have brains, rest have girlfriends.
you should get a massage!
420....already blazing.....
already did
no manda, i hate u will all my heart cause ur a whoree ! Justt kidding (:
Thanks Eric, I appreciate your support for in the Lean Challenge.
IM SORRY, text mee
I had one last wknd and tried to get Trisha to remove. She was zero help.
I say that every single day.
your dog has a long weiner
My acting peeps? Follow & this woman knows the business of show business inside and out! And maybe ninjas!
love your web site :)
You fucked up.
u shut up u up here trya sing
There's one pair of flats that she actually chewed on. I think it's because they smell the worst.
race is on Sunday, and I actually WILL be tweeting while running. My bib has a chip that tweets my progress. :-)
Note to self: job stuff to references about.
was just thinking => when not using python, I miss requests. Thanks for it. You deserve all accolades!
who knew my cousin was such a blogger?! Love the blog, Tiff. :)
It's beautiful 3rd day of November! How do you feel about the election results?
But it would be better if i put it on twitter .!
RT accordion killing songs and drunken shenanigans tonight at el rio with rhubarb whiskey in SF
I'm in Santa Monica. Someone needs to come take a picture of me
Baruj Benacerraf, Venezuelan immunologist, won the 1980 Nobel Prize in Medicine for discovery of the major histocompatibility complex genes.
Lil Boosie is not the first rapper to admit killing someone in their songs...
I agree! I love reading the physical magazine. I'm sure this is to save money :(
lol yes, im leaving for prom at 5, courts party starts at 6
Your #hybridbus tweets made me laugh. I actually had good luck riding these in London -- where are you?
The moment when u wake up sober after a one night stand and the person is so ugly u would rather chew ur arm off then wake them
lol no where'd you go to get the food silly (:
I Music News Radio | Old School Rap 5 – I Music News Radio
im gunna say 3 names, you have to tweet me which one youd kiss, kill, and.... yeah lol
#SHOUTOUT :) you're on our list the call backs,you have a strong voice.
Starting the night off right 🍻
my friends in college tried so hard to get me to sign up for both of those shows! :)
The little kid Shane, yes he is.
Thank you!
I understand. Dont try that tweet again. Im amfraid you'll hurt yourself. :)
I wanted to watch it on a #Slapjack movie night!! But couldn't wait. Glad you liked it. I think I almost cried
Save money for #class #action notices--check for duplicate entries in the class list before mailing.
Marketing support. #www.bpmktg.com. Communication plans. We plan it, execute it and tell you what the ROI is. We drive down acquisitions.
also the name of a character in the X-men
Sun is out and trees are in full bloom! Time for a run!
Leadership Coaching's LCAs are in-house honing their educator skills. It is inspiring working with such dedicated faculty!
aha hell yeah james leaving and trevor worrying about what alexa says aha
thank you Marqy! :)
It went from do anything for you babe to you don't even miss me...
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, and half-shut afterwards. Benjamin Franklin
Guitar lesson, canceled this evening. It's time to take a night off, chill... or do laundry.
science only goes so far & then comes god .
u a good gurl 4 now but ima make u a freak in no time baby
#jointhefight? I've had about enough of politicians who see themselves as soldiers in a zero-sum game.
yes, and "living in poverty"? He's not some savant from the projects. But hey, i temped for years too... I could use that...
its definitely gonna b on with 2morrow!!!!!
This is wonderful! I've been a long-time user of Alt+X input in #Word. Now I can do direct Unicode input in #Scrivener. Thx!
Hassan Sharif lecture and reception tonight! Alexander Gray Gallery, Chelsea, NYC 6 PM
been listening to 's #AngelsandGentlemen mixtape all morning ♥♥
Now I'm putting on some snuggie sweats and making some macaroni and cheese. The ultimate comfort food.
for now I'm watching gaiam dvd I got at work, just wanted to see if id like it. I'm going to stick with it. What do you do?
Disappointed that didn't text me today
WHERE IS THIS BOX OF BOOKLETS
will be on flexfmradio this Saturday ! Discussing dv's new collection .
Never stop
LOL, oh Lord! Between dancer's & runner's feet, not good ha! :p RT : ... careful she may visit u & check yer toes.
HA! Nelson RT : Will do....She said she use to call you Nelson lol
New on tap: boulevard nutcracker!!
Team Boobylicious Babes!!!! Visit www.komendenver.org to join my team or make a donation!!!!! Your support is much appreciated!!!! Xoxoxoxo
aww he just cursed out my lil cousin
whoa amazing!!
Thats ok. i know that all those messages from everyone its hard to see. and it was like 1am your time:)
I was going to dick on you for this, but I agree. This is a legitimate concern.
Gotta take advantage of this nice cool weather! :) lol
pretty please put the white dress up soon so I can go to bed?
The bad news is time flys. The good news is you’re the pilot.
ARE YOU KNIFING ME!? It's been raining. A LOT.
[snarky comment about publishers wanting libraries to repurchase ebook licenses after n loans] amirite!?
Did you figure out what you needed? Message me if you need more XML help.
OMG. I'm gonna buy like 200 Believe albums now. o:
Keep faucets dripping and cabinets under sinks open. Thawing pipes and fixing leaks.Licensed plumbing service 821-2597 11degrees ad our #
I love your love I feel it even when I sleep baby! Missing you and I'm never gonna stop sending you more power and energy!!
crippled vomiting physically broken my stomach is so cold
Someone looking for some brunch options?
promo shoot today! yay!
Same goal for a better SD. GOP or not doesn't matter.
Haha either one.
There's no shortage of women who rap. There's a shortage of diversity in the types of women in rap. Not every woman is ghetto or superfreak
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Feb 8th, 10:30am "Books by Eric Carle" -'Draw Me a Star', 'Do You want to be My Friend?'.
hmu dem still around 2 stranger
Been saying this for years, its not gonna kill him!
The Devil made me do it is an old New Jersey hockey proverb. You don't believe that? Puck off!
YOU fucking get out of my life, now. do it. fuck off, I don't want you talking to me, go fuck yourself.
pretty, did you by any chance find my phone in your car?
Man I'm blazed and got da munchies!!
for dinner, the enchiladas were the bomb ..
eat a knuckle sandwich
Sure. I guess I was thinking marginal inasmuch as they were never really the A plot. Work over relationships a la The Wire.
Would love to connect! DM? Thanks !
THE BIKE (MY BABY) (MY SUMMER CAR) IS OFFICIALLY READY TO GO #thankscrankdaddys #repairscomplete :)
In my pants?
Just Landed! Its Beautiful In Cali!
On International Women's Day, let's hope they never all sync up and destroy us all in a PMS fueled international rampage.
As seen on , Globetrotters & donate funding to for 6,020 eyeglasses.
This is one of the best Chinese tables yet! Meet on Wednesday at 5pm at Dragon Express 1400 East 3rd St # A, B-Town! Free food! Soup is $1!
Make it happen
Thanks for the new 100 followers!
<3 Everyone Loves You <3 I Hope I made You Smile After You Read This :]
's tweets to danielle right now >
hello there fabulous!
lmao oh wateva...u wuld have known if I unfollowed u or blocked u it was have stated that I followed u again...u r crazy
Never think that God's delays are God's denials. Hold on, hold fast, hold out; patience is genius.
This is so great! Wonderful work! RT We get to give so many girls in need FREE prom dresses!
what are you shooting?
seems like a good day to bike downtown to grab some grub
Divide your height and
Robin Williams and balance, in the same sentence? Wut is this?
Clarence Thomas won't need to ask a single question this week. He's already made up his mind.
thank you for the heads up, I'll be uploading the new single next week, and I'll make sure you get it first!
And Jesus Montero uses the short porch in right to homer as the M's take a 2-1 lead.
Doctor says no activity for 24 hours? No problem. 👍
lololol I thought I was gonna fall down the stairs at school today
I'm back on track! Starting workouts again today. Stress tst next Thurs.
that awkward moment when your home alone but hear footsteps.
ah, the ipod cooperates today with a harmonious mix. surprise. I asked for a cd player, they gave me the ipod. It grows on me.
Middlemarch. Feeling absurdly girlish by giving this answer.
Do you have an attendee list for this? I might be able to sell it to the big guys...
is about to workshop with Melanie Burgess of John Levey Casting! (Jarhead, Southland, ER, West Wing, Third Watch, etc)
hey now! That's ny home town boy! Lol
Just became a Ticketmaster free venue!!! What has been my favorite Philly music venue for the past 20 years just got better!
Thanks. Glad you like. Tell the friends and family. Maybe they will get you one as a gift ;) Just got to drop the right hints
Maryland can learn from Baltimore's experience with open data - Baltimore Sun
That's THE question. RT : how do visitors want to interact with museum exhibits?
that's too bad! Orlando is such a fun city! Btw, I'm a huge fan of yours...could you please follow me?:)
Sounds fun! Im interested!:)
Apartment searching in San Francisco has got to the one of the most frustrating things to deal with in this city. Any tips?
Hey guys we are playing The Lutheran Church Hall July 7th its $5 all money goes to Partners in Health! Contact us for more information.
sounds great. would love to feature those tours.
With Hillary soon ! :)
#swbayMEGA who already launched websites or landing pages?!
You got the building, just the wrong side. Good job!
Half day :)
Fuck this, doing me for a while
n00b notes on oil #painting #5. SERIOUSLY block in first. Like, no part of canvass unpainted before you put in detail. Big brush first.
Only God can judge me
haha well I'm glad you like it :)
Home as luxurious sanctuary- a wise and worthy pursuit.
RT : So excited for all the new grads out there!!! It's a hard time, but exciting. Options endless, dreams are big...
omg! I was fixing to say something! You were freaking adorable! Now you're just plain sexy ;) bahaha!
I know! Thanks for the RT!
hey Andrew?
Let me know if you're selling any old ones!
Getting photography equipment ready for Fatemeh's baby shower tomorrow!
congrats. Gets you closer to cuse???
