I love the pens and canucks:) my mom my mom says im cheating on the bolts cuz i like other teams... lol
its actually me. i just wanted to point out how ridiculous im being
We promise we are still here! And the best news is that flights are not being affected by the fog.
Knee pain while running?: iliotibial band (ITB) tightness from heel strike 'shock'. Try mid / fore-foot running & foam roller.
Another equine entry. Authentic Charros showing off some roping tricks.
Thanks to the & everyone who came out to watch the premier with us. If you missed it, it airs 12/25 at 6pm on the travel...
See, it wasn't like that for me. It was more about getting to know another culture and experience the other meanings.
Why are all the BlackHakws fans I'm following now chearing for the kings...just because the season is over dosent mean you can switch teams
Prob b/c M-F had support of Dems (plural) RT : McCain-Feingold was touted by Democrats as "bipartisan" but Wyden-Ryan is not.
How do you plan to do that?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
if pizza counts as a vegetable then you can easily say crunch berries count as fruit
great seeing you guys today
Obama announces: will only tell you my VP pick after you vote for me.
S/O to her Alter Ego.
Unlikely. Pump price rarely goes down when barrel prices goes down, but the reverse is not true.
First thing each day do you do something to #focus your mind in a #positive direction? #attitude #leadership SeanLetwat
TRAFFIC: Crash - Old Sauk @ Excelsior Drive - No blockage
Not in a very good mood...
LOL RT : My momma called me to sing me happy birthday, while I was pooping. This birthday is awesome. 
slipknot is depressing music?!
yeah. I am so miserable and having a hard time w/ cooperation from kids, and can't get to the schooling.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 278
Q: In what country will you not find a vegetarian? A: Turkey.
Watching firenemmes if that's how u spell it and it's the best moive ever
I started as a total skeptic 3 years ago. I've now helped over 750 lose over 6000 lbs, and replaced my full time income.
okay cool!!! Thanks Bro!!!!
The practice of forgiveness is our most important contribution to the healing of the world
Thanks for the follow Natasha. I can't wait to read your stuff....
Nah I'm waiting on this one chick that can't get her mind straight :/
Frank Santucci's big play for tonight was the Thunder -3. Good luck to everyone who followed!
whoop whoop!
FWIW, I had the piece in the works before his death and had been trying to figure out how to run it.
Following I LOVE me some
Yes we will cover lists ;)
Bobby Abreu signs with the , continuing Los Angeles baseball teams' obsession with signing 38-year-olds.
Thanks, Juan, for including us in your Boomers Info Daily.
I didn't think this through. . .
Thinking of going to see on the 25th. Wifey works the next day so...anyone want to go with me?
Lol, I'll just go along with the flow.
They just eat the first round in the car.
I've been hearing that from everyone in the 3 months Ive been at this school so far, lol.
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out. -Anton Chekhov
nope, just me for tonight. Colin should be back sometime next week.
The Medieval poet and composer Jacopus da Todi is buried under the alter where I conducted Verdi's Requiem last summer.
Mangia quiz of the day!!! The winner get a free order of Truffle Fies When did presliced Wonderbread start to appear in American Lunchboxes?
I once had a hard time talking because of some post-dentist novacaine and someone thought I was from Boston.
Rarely eat @ IHop Today's visit on St. Pete Beach confirmed it will now be never Boys pancakes uncooked Brown lettuce Extremely dirty etc
I miss your amazing baking! :-)
lol probably do... It's like one big fam. Literally!! Ha. Right...
Quiet ride home with my hubby. It's always good when we can get away together and away from everyone else.
thanks. I know im sorry
Record breaking temps in #pdxst today and I have to work at CTU
ONLY 12 hours to #MMchat w/ SPECIAL guest : ‘The Art of Reputation Mgmt & Crisis PR’ TONIGHT 8P ET
I am very worried about Gamma Ray Bursts!
why do you have so many spam recipes?
At Voltage for #open #coffee. Who else is here, enjoying strong coffee & great breakfast?
Complimented by for flossing habits.
Could I ask for a follow & ask you a question?
The best advice we've ever gotten is to "be authentic" & it really works. People like authenticity!
Welcome to the hotel California...
Cape Coral, Florida
I love being a stupid funny idiot. <3
useful site! Love that it doesn't make me log in to use it
Happy Holidays Everyone! Today is the last day of school and then we will be on Christmas Break.
Kinda runs in the fam... All my ppl can hold they own...
Hope you can work your contract out. Us fans like having you on the #KNICKS! Enjoy your off season.
you look silly out here with no website bruh!
Hahaha ive been going to bed late a lot whateves... Its fall its halloween. Live life haha :D
todays the best day and tomorrow is FUSCO FRIDAY!!!!! YAY
Oh Canada! Really decapitating Kyoto was the only way forward?
why not make an allocation of 1,000 user accounts for free demo slots that expire in 36 hours unless upgraded?
tryna sell your watch ?
you're welcome! Save me one of those gorgeous pressed sandwiches! ;)
You know id fall apart without you
Congrats! That's so awesome, Sami!
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to The Big Bang Theory
Life is a midget so u better live it up
Way to go Adele...Sweep!!!
no not at all, I just don't want people to know! Keep the mystery alive
we are headed to Rizzos Diner today for an exciting event! stay tuned!
Spurs clinch the Western Conference 1st Seed so they will probably just play scrubs against the Suns.
some day i will see u.. :)
9 hours of shopping makes me tired. #drinkypoos please
oh yes! Houses Tweeting for the good of their communities!
is the artist using white pencils? Or prisms color pencils?
Day 1 in The Books !! It Is going To be a Long hard semester !! Smh
Looking forward to seeing in a few months !
You're welcome - thanks for the great content.
if you are taking the pere marquette it will be at gate E track 20 when u get to CHI. I'll be in the waiting area
ooh me me
- I'm good. Congrats on having your book made into a play. I'm so dang proud to be your friend.
So glad it's already Tuesday. Thursday is my Friday and I'm taking 4 days off beginning Friday! Oh I can't wait!
you should open up in jersey city NJ. #retrofitness is a real gym. i loved your East Brunswick location
Suppose you could disagree with the question wording, but not sure how you can disagree with an empirical percentage.
Smokin a blunt why all these women hate me
somepeople use 'x' some people use :) i use both 'x)'
The word Gaga in Filipino refers to a stupid and idiotic girl
Thanks for the heads up.
thank you! Love you too! :)
just shows that you really know nothing about someone just by looking at them.
I apologize for the unusual negativity. I'm just teetering close to the edge here.
RT : "Teams are built or destroyed by words and actions" "BillyCox
KODAK Keep making 35mm motion picture film stock for us film directors...
I have yet to decide if Nationwide really is "on my side."
Hey I heard you were a wild one (:
I really wonder if I could get myself to trend. I should try.
Christmas is the season when you buy this year's gifts with next year's money. ~ Anonymous
Jeez! The headphones alone should be a clear indication of "don't talk to me" lol! Fkn people 😣
Is NBC doing a special for #WhitneyHouston at 7pm Sunday?
Doctors were stunned by how many years he has lived without a personality...
Futuristic, costume-y, "epic", emotional-- I bet he thought it was fucking great.
whoa, that's pushing it
This is your brain. This is your brain after a ice skating fall. :)
Not yet. We need to convince him.
Here come the chills again.
RT“: what happen to your foot?”<- messed it up in the scrimmage
Conor, Nicole, and Miranda are ripping it up at Nationals in Winter Park this week! WOO HOO!
Actually, it's "A Sale of Two Titties."
Lolx this nigga play to much I feel sorry for her ctfuu
#COwx It stands for Colorado Weather
I know you guys can do it!! Keep your chin up! God bless you guys! Go Panthers! From Miami,Fl
Designed in the English Arts & Crafts style, it blends Victorian, Gothic and Arts & Crafts elements.
What's everyone doing on June 4th ?
LOTS lolles, mainly vibrators..but i play with prty much anything i can find ;);)
:-) what's wrong with talking fast - I like to listen fast ;-)
Id Rather be With You...
Time wrinkle did not, unfortunately, manifest.
Okay folks. It’s here. Join us tonight for our #tequilasociety kickoff!
it was so good loved it too
Earlier today I biked so crazy my pedal fell off.
LOLLLLLLOL!!! I don't read comics!! But I'm thinking I should start!!
I wish I was more creative during the day...for one I would have more lighting for my work! (pics in my lit studio are not so good at night)
SLA DGI: what do you think about SLA alignment and the proposed new name ASKPro??
Let's go bubba!
About two and a half hours left to get Raynor discount coupons!
what u been doing :)
#fightlossexcuses "I wasn't even trying to fight. He snuck me."
I'll hit u up
Friday Morning Crew. It's Cuatro de Mayo - cant wait to act like a damn Mexican for the next 72 hours! (cc: )
all the working out makes me hungry! :-)
#Imagine You and Austin growing old together.
a little Photoshop goes a long way, like Botox (also not a verb but widely overused)
Planning a family trip to ride the Elroy - Sparta trail. Anyone have suggestions or tips on where to stay, what to do?
": You can fall from the sky, you can fall from a tree but the best way to fall is in love with me. ♥"
Parade Day. #fun playin mall madness witht the cousins :)
I sure as fuck hope your as high as your tweets are currently making you sound
Let us know if you need a concierge service while you're out in Vegas!!
Hi Annie. We are aware of the issue with the crackers and are working on it. Thanks for letting us know!
That would be a 4-5 min PR for Kelly - wow!
It's true: Once you pop, you really never can stop. Pringles. Yum.
USCA, 2d Cir. rules in CT Bar Ass'n. v. U.S. case concerning cross appeals in suit challenging various provisions of the "BAPCPA 2005."
W u approach all ur wk with a smile and make no distinction between success and failure world will allow u ur pick of blessings- R. Simmons
Ask yourself this, what is your unforgiveness costing you?
“: great day here in the atl. The weather is great!” Pollen gone?
my goodness, what a WEEK! Good Shabbos to my people out there!
CM Barry is so right in what he is saying about the serious problem we have with poverty.
We invited him to the show and hope to see officer Martin there. :D
cowards come in abundance, the strong and true are few..
had a blast at the Belly Room last night and is now in 'working out some new funnies' mode.
You know what a turtle is? Same thing.
- love the idea! It is always exciting to see people connect to history through objects, family history is even better.
well then why did you retweet it? I said retwet if you agree. and you did :p
Spotted: a guy wearing a suit and bow tie walking his dog while drinking a beer. I'd like to see more of that around here.
No one likes a rock-hard cookie; Soften them by storing them with apples or soft bread in an airtight container!
dude, ask the guy next to you!!!
Did you take advantage of Cyber Monday? Check out Xona for the best deals on the web. We’re just one click away from your perfect getaway!
RT : Opportunities come more readily to those who put others first. -
You literally only tweet shit like that so girls will think you're nice and so you can get pussy.
Bargaining Note: Return Cartmenez servants I mean TAs! Ha Ha. Seriously..or fire support. TAs learn valuable skills.
Love the vlog. Thanks for the kind words. Means alot!
just 3 folks away from 1000 people thinking i might be interesting...
I'm a legendary grandmaster at massively multiplayer thumb wrestling. Beware.
I've been to Taos had a roommate that lived there, I didn't think it was that small
just ordered my subscription today--can't wait for my free gym bag!! miss you SF!!!
Start Your Monday Off By Rebalancing Your 401K. Diversification Will Help Maximize Your Return While Minimizing Risk!
Who already got there tickets !! Follow for more info !
Darn right it is! Offering any specials or deals to celebrate the occasion?
FREAKIN PUMPED ABOUT PLAYING WITH YOU GUYS AT ROCKETTOWN ON FRIDAY!
It was a team imposed suspension, not an MLB suspension.
Any tournaments coming up at Ballard? Best thing in Ballard 2011 was your arrival
and a million to the lgbtq resource center! #hoyasaxa!
Aww, it's okay!
night $50 in his pocket for free
“: Nah Kenny and Vera think they tight.... O.” PETTY!
Very funny. Your dog smells like death.
we discovered it when Jackie saw the Jackie's copy of "Crossing Over!"
DailyHookahTips#56: For all you hookah nubes out there, #narghile is the most common term for #hookah outside of the United States.
mark your calendars...
#Ihate when a girl comes to me sad talkin bout she wish she could get wit some nigga that already got a girl wtf smh
I thought he wasn't going to text me all day but I was wrong ☺
It doesn't say no ones name in it
Some of the best beats have the worst raps.
Dear ,I am desperate need of your help with a flight reservation..i am happy to DM you my info.
FYI, we have had a "presence" in Somalia since 1989, Uganda since we launched Zaire/Taylor mission in '97...
to me old school style of rap was when people could still be lyricist and get radio plays like the 90s big Pac bad era
ALL I WANT IS THE TASTE THAT YOUR LIPS ALLOW, MY MY MY MY GIVE ME LOVE
If Facebook didn't have Zynga would it be worth so many gazillions?
And thank you for a house full of people I love. Amen. ~Terri Guillemets
I'll be there Wed. 7:30 and leave before your advisory. I assume I stop @ the office to check in, then have them send me your way!
Mexico celebrates winning the Battle of Puebla, but does France celebrate when they sent a shit-ton of troops a month later & crushed them?
Back to the rat race.
Nutrition is for squares.
The workshop's agenda includes fundraising, sponsorship, event promotion, and more!
Live turbos need a 'shot clock.'
Who the hell thought Country Rose / West Virginia would be a good song over the opening credits of Whisper Of The Heart?
#1DVDcaptioncomp #1DVDforme Surfs Up! One Directions rockin' the stage! Surfs Up! Everybody's screaming their names!
my attitude is out of control
One thing a man never wants to be called...creepy.
did i direct that at you ? no so stop acting like it !
I'm happy for you!
Tasty treats @ the Better Bites of Austin section Sunday Fair. 20 Better Bites Members sampling and selling!
seems to be in an incredibly good mood when he's "sick"
Warm, soft, clear, and serene
All I know is gravity doesn't work that way
todays karaoke night o.O
is participating in a city-wide gift drive benefiting I'll e-mail you with more details!
fear was a big feature of the way he says we should be packaging the message.
Florense Chicago's Fall Sale starts TODAY!
New Rainline!!! It will blow your ear drums out. FN Rocks... all we have to say is BE READY!!!
I relate. It helps when I don't write much on the first day back. I just read what I already wrote. Gets me excited again.
returned from chorale practice and am filing incorporation papers for an LLC
Finished our live version of EWF's "Groove Tonight"-used a Banshee to sample the intro vocal and sequenced it in the Motif!!! Sounds great!
RAW COMEDY!! THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!
ask if you can. Always have the right to discharge yourself and go.
short & sweet today....off to my beloved Juki!
We're looking for a sales representative in the Denver, CO area. We are looking for someone who has experience selling marketing services o…
RT : Only thing missing is jack daniels - too early too early but just wait :) << Lynchburg Lemonade
Happiness is hearing the first thunderclap while unlocking you door after a bike ride.
thank you for the #freeCoffee 8 PM - 8 AM for #finals. I left my wallet at HOME :( This helps!
you say, you just get replies because we want you to shut the fuck up, man up, and take that loss like a champ instead of bitching like ur 4
happy mothers day
Her writing style reminded me of your blog.
i'm a major hello kitty fan! give it to me!
I need to get my rep up, atleast I dont embarrass myself on twitter #fuckitdoe .... Who does that??
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you're following me & want a follow back ( MUST be following ~ )
Oh damn...now were prolly gonna have porn sites cuz I said girl on girl!!! LOL
fingers crossed for snow!
RT - I'm gonna get a 'charge' out of this week! Why? Because
Nelson Mandela was released today (11 February) 1990 from prison in South Africa after 27 years It marked eventual eradication of Apartheid
Give it a try. You never know you could hit a bulls-eye!
Trying to finish up Snack Words. It's getting really close.
how often do you return to Rip City for a visit?
Headed to work.
I love when my dad comes home with chocolate. #m. 👍☺
LOVE MY BOYFRIEND!!! <3333
How many sexist comments warrant a person being kicked off the air. Is it 100, 30, 12, 2 or just one more than Ed has made.
keep digging! maybe you'll find a love letter or two..
Ugh I'm gonna die alone.
Inglewood was one of the most talented teams I saw all season. I dont understand them getting routed in the first.round. Smh
Actually I've got a lot of favorite shit right now.
Actually kinda loving Wozzeck...despite the insane amount of tritones and minor thirds aaaaggggh.
That was pure #Wisdom. Keep sharing!
again, I'm not crazy about the rule either, but it has helped make a difference in the NFL's hiring practices.
Just put syrup in my oatmeal.. I feel like an elf
Hi all, I'm Jess Sachs in CA, also work Looking forward to April 16th!
I've done the calculation and your chances of winning the lottery are identical whether you play or not. Fran Lebowitz
Good afternoon! Just woke up to "Somebody To Love feat. Usher" I Love that song!!!
Our Grandma is alright,but we're not.
The GT86 is a nostalgia generating machine! I can't help myself, prepare for outbursts of JDM motoring terminology.
HUH? YOU DONT WANT ME 2?
Staff meeting as a safe place for experiments, new ideas, risk taking, open up.
got guy alert HOT GUY ALERT HAMANA
what do I need to do?
Got a ps3 for Christmas so add me Langer_09 and tell me who you are!!
You have to suffer birth, we have to suffer getting you pregnant.
Woohoo! Thanks for the mention. See you soon!
Tebow live on NFL Network now.
RT New Diplomat.. 5 guys from 5 countries that know how to lay shit down! Yes, indeed, they do!
Today is doin the #THTH (Tony Hawk Twitter Hunt) . Follow him and win prizes across US and several other countries.
haha fine you are pretty :) and im not so ya :) you win
At the risk of putting myself on blast--I went out dancing and sweating last night. Today, my hair is tangled mess. Im pissed!!
My last day of high school>>>>>>
listening to Miss Money Mae's sample from SOBs, you production is crazy!! Love it!
can we post that pic to FB?
“: Safely in NC.. Time to #turnUp”be safe lil bro
Who wants to talk to me super bored with
Thanks Anton; we'll keep you in mind next time we find a need for some salvaged fir..
"Wrap Up" your Monday! Happy Hour specials until 7pm, ALL DAY SPECIALS including 2 Lager Drafts for $5, 2 Craft Ale Drafts for $8 (Bottle...
Me too !!! RT : Somebody always see me somewhere every time I go out ! I know too many people lmaoo
Great production meeting last night for new web-series I'm writing/producing w/my company Silver Shadows Productions! More details to come.
Ladies want to give your boyfriend a free gift for the holidays. Just re-tweet and like the photo that you want to be sent over on Facebook!
Learn from practitioners, parents and research about ways research impacts making decisions in a practical way that works
At least its not freezing outside. But still who gets up at 8 on a sat.
Friday March 30th Woodfish & The Nick Clemons Band will be rocking in Sea Bright. Hope to see a good crowd. Spread the word!
Unfortunately, I only allow myself to drink 5 nights a week.
We need 8 of the hottest #Boston area acts for a new showcase contact or now
retype his @ so I can follow him.
Why must my brother dickride my every move?
We are looking for a family who wants to start - or take their in-home recycling to a new level...We have the way to do it - let us know!!
Good fight #washcaps #Capitals! No shame in that! Next year!
Do tell of Daniels #Indiana greatness breaking labors back
it's going 4 ! I'm just moral support!
Got my eyebrows done :D
is your number 3965 the ending I have a new phone.
YES! Asthma lungs RT : ICYMI Thurs, Schwarzenegger said campaign 2 combat climate change could B won by talking @ health benefits
Quick Post
<3 Hints for my birthday present: Clothes / Money / Anything to do with Justin Bieber / JUSTIN BIEBER <3 / Justin Bieber tickets ;D <3
You can always receive tweets if you have texting. You can only tweet if you have an app for it.
saturday maybe
both very dirty. Hah. How's eBay?
#it'sannoyingwhen people sit there and complain; even about other peoples business.
Oh Apple, how you disappoint. I'll be waiting for the #iPhone5 or even the #iPhone5S, since Apple loves adding 'S' to things! -Jared
Follow me!
CEO of Apple Steve Jobs resigns. If Apple Management is like my old boss, then management has already spent Mr. Jobs $1 salary
Don't forget to check out #KnowHowToDance & #UhOhh on #iTunes #Pink&Purple Happy Halloween weekend everyone!!
Dear entertainment industry: i have a few years left to convincingly play prince harry in the kate middleton tv movie. Please get on this.
Thanks to everyone for the new follows!
yes lol i haven't met a gay man who hasn't cheated except me… if its official and we both say boyfriend/girlfriend. no cheating
Aha! Good point: layering content into QR codes means you have to be aware of the device used to read them. Don't layer Flash into it?
i know exactly how you feel babygirl
u coming to my city!
what's your cat called, Charles?
What's up doe?? Hmu?
I like the "two designs ago" design best, and I miss your "seasons" and Luna Recommends :-(
Thanks for the #FF!
Sounds like you are all ready to compete!
Can I haz yellow pants back today. I needz for partay
change ur password maybe u got hacked
Thank you for your thoughtful letter. Also, the sooner you seek help for your mental illness the better.
ii love you&&& i'll always be here fatty! :)
You were a big spark in game 1. Stay Ready Amigo!
Did you have any doubts that I am one classy bitch? I just saved a little Burgundy for my after-dinner cotton candy at Alexander's.
Miley Cyrus thanks fans - Gossip space
I treat you how you treat me. Period.
In the recipe business, it's all about the Cs: chicken, cookies, candy, cocktails, chocolate, comfort food...
we are getting a dishwasher, new electrical (outlets and lighting), sink, counter tops... the works in this little area.
Time is running out. Don't take to long.
Student writes his BA paper in Word (student-use) and years later decides to publish it? I wonder if that counts.
The one where I live is slow as hell.
I'm free if that helps =]
Your website is gorgeous... kudos!
Uganda be kidding me!
no shit. Especially since this guy got the benefit of the doubt.
Its nvr tht sweet my guy!.
I keep questioning Klout, but apparently (despite their saying so) I don't have enough Klout to change it.
he trolled Ryan Braun pretty hard, if you like that kinda stuff.
Internet down until Monday night. Maybe that's a good thing!!!
*girls yelling to Louis in a bar from across the block* Louis "wait is this an interview?" sweetie......
Woah they adopted a Puppy together?! This is getting too serious.
come on mang
we were on youtube but everything got deleted!
lol. Sorry. I was asking what that was. Year they were born maybe?
I just want to talk to my boyfriend and go to sleep.
Damn man, you have sources now? #bigtime haha...
yes it is. New phone swallows notifications.
From 4pm on, the day just got seemingly better
Loved the Urrea podcast! Definitely going to Powells on the 7th to hear him speak. Adored his piece in your Mysterious Issue.
This weather means our soups will reappear soon. Til then come in for a nice warm breakfast or lunch panini. C U soon
I don't disagree, but that doesn't negate my statement of intuitive...
im freaking out now thanku so much
time for bed;; waking up early to get on the road for bamboozle!
did you get my text at like 2:30am last night?
is your poker down? Extremely disgruntled using the service the moment extra.
Hi Kaytea! Back in SF now.
In the appropriate range to still be manly. Chest Bump and/or High five time has been earned.
I wonder what the people at think about my demo, ha. RT this!
why are you #upset?(:
bear! great to hear. life treating you well?
it annoys me when people make fun of how i hashtag so much on instagram.... youre SUPPOSED to do that
Probably - all sexy with it's chubbiness. It's a fat robin.
All of 70 east before 315 is shut down!
surprisingly it is an off brand. It's HEBs whitening and tarter control. I highly recommend it : )
i hope your grandparents are okay, i will keep them in my prayers tonight<3 #prayforjustinsgrandparents <3
If negative criticism is fact-based, create a mountain of search-optimized content to neutralize the situation
I'm on twitter a little to much haha
Congrats Ryan Smithson mentioned y'all are golfing next week.
If you say you're going to let me know, I'd appreciate if you actually did..
Today is a stay-in-bed-and-read day if there ever was one, huh, #CLT?
- I did. Last time I held a microphone in the middle of a hurricane, I found myself flying in space holding a power cord.
Word. Thought Cuse played great. Good luck to your boys tomoro.
Who is Lana Del Rey?? never heard of them!!
You don't say that kind of shit to your best friend.
33 years is fantastic! Again, congratulations! I have 23 now, and would like to go in the next 2 years.
Inuvo to Present at The Wall Street Analyst Forum on April 10th in New York City
NY had a better interior?! Negative. Amar'e isn't a post player. He shoots
Pujols tells media to talk to his bat.
Mercury is definitely in retrograde! LOL! I've decided to enjoy the ride!!
Scott heard from , the bigger the out you give, the less likely they will take it.
license plate says stunner # 1 superstar (:
Week of Churchill continues: Band of Brothers marathon in C4 (the room, not the explosive... #toosoon)
No my boo cut his hair :(
oops no its c(lastname)p at gmail
People never leave the past behind them and move on, that pisses me off.
hey friend!!
RT : Hard to focus on work after seeing Seriously talented musicians!
Timmy will always be one the NBA's top players. Underrated most definitely. Hopefully they don't fuck up in the 1st rd again
Come enjoy your 4th of July weekend on our new and improved patio!!!!!!
i would say cutting our vocal cords. does that make sense? prob not.
Ridley vs Jets or Benson vs Jags? Ryan vs GB or Hasselbeck vs. Pitt?
Gone pop that pussy for a dvd player
It was fun. I always have fun doing the show. Did you listen to any of it?
As long as the weather holds out,it should be a great day of music,good vibes & the best people that Richmond can bring out.
That shit ain't working with me.
Have a Fabulous Friday people!
Great to see riding the Monon Trail this morning.
LOL looks like 60s for you today. Enjoy another beautiful day.
Ik an awesome kid whose my like my bff and he dated my bff..but it ended nasty. Now everyone beli)ves everything his ex says, when he ...
Love the quote on your profile brother!
y'all tell me
Good morning folks, i hope you find yourselves in Good Health and in Gods grace.
Finally he from performing all day :)) all downtown !!
My soul is glad that I get you
I should call K104 right now to win that money for the back-to-back played songs. They just replayed "Marvin Gaye & Chardonnay"
Im sure we can find at least one person with a maingate or two! Imagine the looks on their faces when we return
na who mad? good night my fans luv u all!
They don't call him Leadfoot Andrus for nothing.
no, YOU'RE fantastic!
very sweet of of you, thanks!
At starbucks sittin outside then going back for some more swimming. Hope it doesn storm tonight
“: If a girl admits she likes you, know it took every ounce of courage she had.”
Steve Aoki tonight! 🎶🎵💊 just kidding, I wish 😭
yup out there yesterday course is in great shape greens a little slow but flat
U SHOULDNT BE SITTING ON SONG PUT EM OUT THERE LET THE STREET DECIDE
I hate when you try and make me jealous because you know I like you...
“: I love love love drinks with ” well I love love love drinks with you
#FangirlingToTheUltimateExtreme I CANNOT WAIT FOR #SaySomethin ONLY
Oh good movement but the left foot shot over the bar. Good moves though.
This Wilson-Goldings-Keltner show at Blue Whale was been super great. Hoping they do it again & record an album.
The cat is a furry and adorable, but ultimately unreliable, iPad desk.
let me know how you can help out with my website!
Yep. Graduating in december.
I hate you
I'll be back when wind and fates and chance bring me back.
POTUS comes out in support of same-sex marriage. Historic day for world's fair-minded people, LGBT, straight or a combo thereof. Yes!
hahaha it'll be on your desk tomorrow
Chez spencer dinner!
When people stare at me and i dont even like them.
WATCHING TV.
I'm just a girl, standing in front of a computer screen with my dog, wishing 's book was out. I mean, that's all.
At a roundtable discussion with community leaders and reporters from
IF WE SELL 700 COUPONS THEN I'M DRAWING FOR FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP! TELL YOUR FRIENDS, FAMILY, CO-WORKERS, NEIGHBORS, SPOUSE, BF, GF!!!!!!
thanx for mr jones & encouraging evry1 to move to L.A. could u sing about moving back to our sm towns now?
you got this!
That sucks!
Thank you for the fashion advice!
You have to be kidding?
Your like my favorite song on the radio I could listen to you all day your like a music video I could look at you all day Cody&gt;justin
#FreeMasonry.. think I'm gunna look more into it
Hanging in sunny, beautiful Boulder, CO!
Simple niggas. Simple hoes. I have no time#allicsnsayeasy!
I. Need. Coffee.
Dropbox or G+ depending on what kid of sharing you're doing
Really sad that won't be at DjangoCon. Isn't there a law or rule that says he has to come to these things?
Just tapped, Brewing Industrial XIPA (replaces Monk's Uncle Belgian Style Triple)
Someone said "You're doing great today cause your smiling" Just cause I was smiling? They have no idea. Aaaaahhhhhh
Wnt to conct w/ re: Fest's concerts, tv show, symposium et al please DM w priv contacts & I'll get at u about your imp. role M
If I took you home I'd be your home run. HEYY I heard you were a wild one
I've had the same DVD for months so my choice on the new Netflix price change is pretty clear. Hope they get more streaming to compensate.
We'll have a table in the webcomics area. We'll be there for a few hours every day (we'll announce our schedule in our blog).
From office storage to warehouse storage, our containers are sturdy and weather-resistant. Contact us today for more details!
tighten up
I'm with you on that complaint. I think they're busy cluttering up G+ after a streamlined start too.
will ur evening be filled w/ meeting ur neighbors?.... Maybe some cookies... Then trust... Then eventually a copy if ur house key?
No that I have anything against straight edge kids. I respect them honestly.
Lawson still outplayed Kobe..
I work way too hard on my design projects.
Haines would be my guess...
NO transition Laups!
Watching "Los Angeles Clippers at San Antonio Spurs" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
when u rush into relationship and hurry to get married it never works out.
French Lit is harder!
lakers thunder series
Marlena you are a DYNAMO RT All this Twitter love towards today is warming my cold, gypsy heart.
totally appropriate photo for an add selling projectors.
I use Netvibes to monitor. I love the dash board set up (plus it is free).
Pulled an and locked my keys in my car >_<
Idk what's wrong.. The Dr.s don't know... So.. But it could be worse..
Senior Week: A distant memory of sleeping in, little responsibility and lots of great memories. Enjoy it, seniors.
thank you! I appreciate that! Glad to know ppl are still reading :) I miss #Beirut :)
Holy Moly ... I'll see what I can do. I know a guy. His name is Sam Elliot.
Fuck. OK, so maybe it’s sorta *like* a plant. Sometimes. I want xylem, dammit!
Getting ready for tonights Bucks/Heat game at the BC, it's already crazy here, go Bucks!
Filner also says we need more solar power and wants to overhaul the border.
Actual LOL. Thanks for the Sunday night giggle. :) Welcome home!
We're happy to see so many members included in the Going Green issue, and more!
Just raided will north with flyers for the ep release show, GET FUCKIN PSYCHED
been there done that got the tshirts
Where one thing falls, another grows. Maybe not what was there before, but something new and wonderful all the same. –Bambi’s Mother
that was Spanish for "Eat this, Fidel"
thx for the mention, Jenn! Hope the trip is going well!
I'm sad I don't getta hang with my boyfriend today :( he's seriously my best friend. I feel lost without him.
my kind of super hero!
A tax planning accountant can advise how and when to buy inventory to make the most of deductions and changes in stock value (valuation).
totally agree.
I don't understand. Are you saying that this spending in the face of other priorities is ok?
Happy 59th and RIP to RFH. Wish you were here. I miss you.
Extra/unnecessary services or just overall price?
#home time to hit dah books:/t
Wonder if the Penn state ex couch was a different race. Would he be out of jail now
We are ordering more shirts! You guys get to pick one of the colors: Ready, go! (Only real colors pls). <3
HARRY POTTER AND THE ORDER OF PHOENIX (listening, actually). Started a few weeks ago, but finished.
RT : Yes! It has a known genetic link. Very important for anyone diagnosed to tell family to get tested.
What a beautiful drive across the Sunshine Skyway Bridge yesterday and today. Sunshine and blue water and blue skies with white clouds.
In Obama Admin, number of oil leases granted on federal lands is 40% lower than 10 yrs ago; lowest since 1984. One offshore lease in 2011.
Prom was great but now my body is swore!
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver. Tom Peters
YES! Can't wait!
when you coming back to Brooklyn? Bashmentssss
Cats in the cradle <3
Maybe you should just stick to ARMA conferences BOO
Knowing others is intelligence knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength, mastering yourself is true power.
February 10, 2012 The Natural History #Museum will launch an experience that you will #NeverForget. #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition....
::shrugs I thought you were one of the good ones:: :: adds to collection::
Dorritoes over hoes any day bro.
Work hard, play hard.
Man, students have flocked to our Learning Lab! Cheers to great campus study spots!
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand "Can you even reach the pedals?" "Oh she got jokes, yeah i can reach the pedals...i think?"
What concerts is everyone going to this summer?
awh thanks girl. They're fine. It's my mom. She has terrible migraines that sends her to the ER. :( it sucks.
“If you ever have to support a flagging conversation, introduce the topic of eating” ~ Leigh Hunt
That's awesome.
yerr i watched you on da deal hit me up i got crazy beats and rap www.myspace.com/mebruklin ....old shit hit me up for new shit!
Thanks, Nicole. It was a beautiful morning to run.
number of hot dogs I sold>amount you ate times 100
I'll definitely take a camera on the course w/me the next time I do a Rugged Maniac. The pics coming out of the mud would've been awesome.
the rally was such an incredible show of support for his family. Thank you for the kind words.
So it's Bush's fault?
we r on day 3 of the sickies; so far just the 3 year old; i suspect the 9 & 7 year olds are waiting till we leave 4 spring break
makes great point that the SM world is a perfect outlet for "shy" authors to socially engage and create relationships
digging it :) Anyway to report misclassified articles?
Did you know YouTube can transcribe videos? Not great quality, but not bad either. When edit info, click on Captions tab.
P.K.C.M coming soon
another element: how much work staff perform vs all done by consultants. Many factors in IT.
"I'm just trying to get comfortable…" oh I'm TOTALLY using that line.
Soundclick is the best site in the world to sell beats online, but using social media like Facebook and Twitter is KEY to your success
I bet it was quite relaxing. I do hope we go something similar.
Toxic algae is extremely turbided the waters with toxic wastes...my hope is to get EPA to do something soon before it is too late.
please send me another spam DM, it makes me so happy.
natural Hispanic girl catholic entrapment.
THEYRE SINGING WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL ON GLEE
Looking at while shes in Bio trying to get her attention & throwing the duces up at her ...
I might be able to drive home :)
THANKS !!!!!!!": May enjoy the happiest of days today and many more to come. Happy Birthday!"
come to Ohio?(:
I think the dude who invented peach tea and Carmel apples has done me alot me good... I guess I'm a disciplined pot head
Hang on Lakers, less than 10 seconds
Does anyone know if there is a way to sync Outlook w/ Google Calendar?
Sorry about your failed marriage, guy with the Hooters shirt and matching cap.
Don't even...
where are you guys from in TX?
At any given moment I'm at least two steps into the process of purchasing tickets to London.
checkout my beats and songs, facebook.com/PACMANG74PRODUCTIONS or soundclick.com/pacmang74productions
My printer has a mind of its own...
Justin isn't performing, he recorded the performance after the Today Show on Wednesday (11/23)
Guatemalan Proverb Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Your negativity is bringing me down Debbie
Done getting ready! Prom time!!
Jus a couple more days
RT : All is well! Getting married next march.- omg congratulations!!!
: Love the margaritas! Love the sun! Love You FACE!
Watts is OPEN until 4pm today! Last minute gifts, beautifully wrapped. Or stop in for a lovely lunch.
Donnt worry my sister annoys me too
Also, referrals +royalties! refer any customer and YOU get paid with every order!
omg im #watching #BILLIEjean its been a long time
I have groom for 2nd block & I saw it
Ranch dressing is the anti-bacon. It makes everything it touches disgusting.
M&N trending! Our fanbase gets stuff done!
Looking forward to catching up again later this month. Thanks for sending the boxing video. Big Eagles game tonight!
I could say that about a lot of movies.
yeah it was. Roger was especially hilarious.
Omw home from the studio. High lifes gud thank u god thats the only thing that come to mind
already thank u
I love your business model, I've been looking to invest in a company doing what you're doing, we must chat more.
started to but for bored with the laker game. U?
thanks, Meredith! We look forward to serving you delicious, healthy pizza soon :) Have a great weekend!
I realize that I am OCD about the physical shape of code. I hate, hate, hate the sight of a top- or bottom-heavy block.
don't be hating.
It has always killed me that a bag costs $200. A nice one, but still just a bag.
MT : We talk a lot about games in museums, but where're the museums in games?
If only i had a bald eagle in front of me...
Thank you. ! We are super excited!!!
Get it in
hahaha don't worry you will get used to it
Let me go ahead and get up
I heard if you go in the bathroom and say "Bloody Mary" three times Reggie Evans will appear.
you staying for the hole trial
and 3 they try to fit in clothes they cant because they need that lip reader to tell them they are too fat to fit
fuqqqq it I don't wanna go to court!
haha aww i doubt that! I still fan girl a little every time I meet him and he doesn't think i'm weird..at least I don't think :P
Amazing part of history, isn't it?
wimpy as well, but working back up. It takes time and balance :)
So how's everyone feel about the Academy Awards #oscar nominations? Who got snubbed?
Bucks Nets refs are calling the most bs calls right now
Ok Raven Nation is the kind of Baltimore fan we need more of. Just listen to him on the podcast. "Suggs v Uggs"
I was glad to be a part of it! Great to talk about #mobile and catch up.
Went out to eat with a couple of my cousin then to the movies
Be a part of something great! Start your degree today. Call 1-617-603-6942! Move your career forward and SHINE!
REMINDER: Deadline for submissions for upcoming "Smile, Hon, You're in Baltimore!" No. 13 is Friday, August 13, 2010!
I HATE odd Thursday's. Eugh
I AM TEMPTED TO TYPE LIKE THIS ALL DAY TO PUNISH YOU FOR REPLACING CAPSLOCK WITH NEW TAB.
Do any of you guys watch the Atlanta Real Housewives? Cuz wtf is up with Phaedra's boobs?!
I must confess.. Tavo makes the best Porn Stars I've ever tried! :)
trafficker: negates the personal sovereignty of victims Abolitionists: negates the personal sovereignty of sex workers: SAME
packing while my bf cooks breakfast then were off to catch our flight
I almost made it this upcoming week for AdTech! I'll let you know next time I am down there.
for sure man, thank you for the follow!
Today from 12-4pm come visit our tent at Whole Foods Market (Waterman St in Providence) East Side block party!!!!
but is he as imposing
Things are going really well! Just got back from an entrepreneur networking event which was a lot of fun
": No, but seriously, I'm jacked for THE AVENGERS. I think it's gonna rule the summer..."//um, one word: darkknightrises.
No, confirmed it! RT Did I miss the point when I thought "he ate a whole family pack, awesome" :) good article.
Keep an eye out for our KickStarter in the next couple days!
Awww, I liked her on the show. RT Charla Krupp, a style expert & friend of TODAY, lost her battle w/breast cancer. She was 58.
Pinebrook parent says, "Does Loudoun County not want to keep its competitive edge? What you are planning to do will backfire!"
I really hate twitter RT “: Best Players in NBA history (in order) 1. Kobe . 2. Lebron . 3. Jordan . Point . Blank . Period .”
Uh oh, are you not liking your awesome cut anymore? I've been thinking of doing something similar with mine!
In Darkest Day, In Blackest Night. No Evil Shall Escape My Sight...
we should both go to elitches this summer! :-)
You do the most adorable things without even realizing it.
Stroll in early!
uh :o
Happy 1st Mother's Day to my wife, Jennifer!
try it!!! Besides you like nasty stuff in your mouth! Hahaha jk jk
"gone in 60 seconds".
I wanna do somthing Or go somewhere -_-
Up & awake , time for school !
Hush now child, I'm off to see your father
especially not to chicago. We'll see what we have learned and can correct. Love conference play.
please follow or me mostly me and u will be followed by many plz follow me thnk u!!!!!!
Saw two little girls outside who were viciously arguing in French. It's actually cute when kids whine in another language.
Sorry! I spelled wine wrong!! oooppppsss!! Little tipsy
RT When you have to say goodbye, believe that it happens because you will say hello for someone new ~Unknown
Lets Go DBACKS
going to Melrose, Ma to see the great Paul Bearer on Saturday ! Good time coming !
Yep I just put raw eggs in my hair ... Don't judge me lol
Happiness is Chicago!
Life feel so good
Solved feb 13th NY times crossword with MY name in it this morning. Cosmic good sign for my #are4 exam today.
So cool! --->>>RT About to board the 787
hm never even heard of it. I've only been to Madison and Milwaukee and up by Green Bay
It's awesome to be in LoDo for opening day - Go rox!
Confess your lack of forgiveness to God. Today, make a list of people who have wronged you whom you need to offer grace to.
good look homie shut dis show,down n got,booked for anutha aye wat can a I say? God is good +good music=gigantic money
Whose closet is this?! Wow!
I agree that the early bird gets the worm but I need to better regulate not waking up this early when I don't need to...augh!
everything we had..everything we had is no longer there,you'll be with me everywhere I go, thru the eyes of a fly on the wall
When people text short responses when i try to carry a conversation, it hits a nerve
Happy Easter!
Taking naps when its raining>>>>
#Chiefs Rookie Camp- Wylie has some impressive speed and explosion out of his cuts. He can get separation in a hurry. Great flexibility.
Happy Anniversary!
getting treatment #5; we'll see how goes.
Yes, I'm still very much into you.
hell yeah. I'll probably go there for senior year. We'll be on the wrestling team together
I don't like how I look without my glasses ~.~
I like them! Did you do them yourself?
Crazy, Busy Morning! Finally get to relax and catch up!
has been eliminated
Wad up my brother?!
HBO Cancel's Jonathan Ames HBO show Bored to Death What's wrong with them.. I'm shattered, love that program.
I've got nothing against Monday mornings. It's the inspirational quotes that make me cranky.
Happy MLK day!
I read this morning & liked. Balanced and informative. Reforms are needed, focus on sustainable devel akin to goals of SB375 .
- already checked last week. No hits
LIFE just one big puzzle im still tryna figure out...
Its gunna be a great day. It just HAS to be.
thanks Gerald!! Hope all is well!!:)
Wow. Great day and wonderful evening. I am so happy and blessed.
The worst thing about censorship is x x x x x x x x xx x x x x x
yes! let's talk - email us at
Our EP sounds great. Can't wait to finish it and share it with all you guys.
ME TO!
I could so go for a steak right now ..
Happy Thanksgiving!
PLEASE follow ! IT IS Jaden Smith's FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! please go follow & support (clearly you love himtoo!
That's great!!
Getting excited about seeing perform with at the Spriing Into Summer Concert!
woe in the what now? :O
hey great meeting you last night Jeff.
Just casually sitting on ya know, it's all good :)
#plotTwist does clean vocals
Who's ready for tomorrow's one day sale? 9a.m. - 8p.m.!
“A mistake proves that someone at least tried.”
Thanks! It's going to be a great event. And yes would like to show in the SF Ocean Film Fest. They screen environmental Films.
Ha! Very impromptu meet up in Davis. We're at Red Bones now.
A U ROOKIES FUCKED SPENT ALL THAT MONEY ON SHIT. YALL POSE TO THAT DEAL IN RAN WIT GOFF ASS NBA
little red
Amazing morning on the Seattle #waterfront!
i wonder if i can get to 7,300 today?
Full nerd awesomeness on stage right now. I love U of C students.
"If you want to gather honey, don't kick over the beehive."
you're the only reason I ever know what day it is.
Do I detect a spherical tag cloud? Yes, I do!
Who arques on Twitter? STFU ,,And Broke? BITCH I HAVE MORE MONEY THEN YOUR LIFE INSURRANCE STOP IT LIL BITCH.
my favorite number is 69
okay !!x
ah roid rage! Sosa and McGuire! To jack asses
We're flying into LAX on June 16 to head to Venice Beach. Then on the 20th we'll drive to Anaheim. I'm flying home from Santa Ana.
“: Call me crazy but I love KUSC membership drives. i learn more about classical music than at any other times.” // You're crazy!
Once again, if you are getting random messages from me don't open them. I'm trying to get that shit fixed
Follow my alter ego (as a Senior PR Executive) on Twitter
from Missouri Botanical Garden talking about The Plant List at the 5th Global Plants Initiative Annual Meeting in Madrid, Spain
P.S. from #AllPeoples quoted Alabama's 1st black federal judge U.W. Clemon: b/c of HB56 "the Hispanic man is the new Negro."
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
Research and Markets: Java For Everyone: Compatible with Java 5, 6, and 7, 2nd Edition
Damn it. is out for the year. will have to make an immediate impact.
me, too.
thank you lovebug!!!
I love that :) RT : Quiet the mind... Drop into your heart.
Thank you for the mention! :)
Website and "Poitier" video 99%(Occupy Wallstreet Chicago) WILL PREMIERE next week....stay tuned!!!>>
Deon you are going down in FIFA!
The rain is so calming...
hello sir ! Miss your positive energy:$)
My brother actually remembers Vinny. Omfg.
Road trip complete!
I'm going to be on Coast to Coast AM tomorrow nite! To talk on my book Jesus Is No Joke
Fancy clothes on. Name tag affixed. Super smile in place. We are go for in-coming freshman open house.
Good morning world. Hope everyone is having a good day. The weekend is upon us.
Way to make everything worse
"he bending over Backwards just to see if he can Have it !' -</3
#Giovanni opening night - luckily I get to watch rather than have my head buried into the score!
Hey! Portland's light rail was just featured on Factory Made! Specifically, the Siemens factory in Sacramento that makes the cars. :)
“: new song/video is so awesome! Gonna make my white boyfriend serenade me with it haha!” me too!
Tim and Noell are back from tour! Tonight we are rehearsing songs for our gig this Saturday. Any requests?
oh my mjfox was there?
Jacob Martin/ Justin Moore April 30th. Type it in your calenders!
Maybe, but it's the funniest fucking failure of humanity eva.
Direct and to the point. I liked it
Let's hope they win tonight ... Travel Safe ...
I am stoked over the NCAA Tournament. Memphis is my team, they play tomorrow night. Lately, the team has been playing with grit and fire.
I just like those conversations. Very informative.
My Gods not dead, He is surely alive. He's living on the inside, roaring like a lion. He's roaring like a lion.
Imma need her to stop texting me -_-
You are creating your own life. If you don't like your life, you can change it - mentally, emotionally, and spiritually.
I emailed you a while back and I just wanted to thanks for responding to my email and adding me on YouTube
Good things come to those who wait...a year and a half...
when words fail..music speaks
Your so preety dont let anyone bring u dwn. I would die if u replied or retweeted
good morning man!
What movie should I go see tonight??
You are going to need to purchase a 3rd apt and try and not ruin it this time.
Send awesome weather vibes! FREE Independence Day Celebration this Saturday at 8:30pm at RiverStage in Jeff -- Riverside & Spring St
always! I just never know what she'll do next lol
Is an infographic appealing to a hiring manager for a new librarian?
Sure. Happy to help.
I also like Family Guy the episode you're speaking of is hilarious. Keep tweeting maybe we have more in common. Tweet!
Ok im up.... good morning
What's everybody doing today?
To Grady Carter the BEST photographer on this side of heaven. YOU made me look great! Thanks much.
very moving, thank you
I love you Lord, and I need your help today. Help me to walk in love all day long.
they mite try to make him play WR likee brad smith
You guys got all my votes - Knock 'em dead next week!
Finished shooting lastest subject in rental studio in NYC On 24 hrs notice able to procure location props & food You can rent ANYTHING here
I miss
I will be listening! RT : you'll hear us throughout Portland! :-)
My day gets ruined when just one person pisses me off.
i have a 3 month summer! :)
U should come to martha's vineyard to be my date @ my bday fundraiser party on Nov 20th
hey Austin i <3 u so very much & wish u and ur mom the best for the new year im sending videos to JB constantly lol hopefully he will c 1
yup!! Well be careful tonight! Have fun!
USA has great levels of teaching artistry and partnerships btn cultural orgs and schools/nonprofits - Eric Booth
Great show tonight
another day, another engagement on facebook
Big thanks to our sponsor Regular Joe Consulting ( , ), for helping to make #mwux12 possible!
trying to upload my collage of my pictures to background, maybe I better do not.It's weird HTML
Norah Jones may have written the ultimate cheating tune w Miriam.
will you boyz perform in New York City anytime soon? If you see this please follow
Well, I won't watch The Naked Prey the same way ever again.
cannot wait for AGT tomorrow. Love what you and bring to the show. Now with should be even better
No effing way was that a dirty hit. You might as well take hitting out of hockey if u call Brown's hit dirty.
Heys Everybody it's your girl Carly Go follow my bff Pretty Please with a Cherry on Top!!
: now see, that's what confused me, that the word can mean anything from Mayan calendar to nuclear war.
Sometimes I see kids trying to be thugs and I feel embarassed FOR them. Should I let them embarrass me by embarrassing themselves?
I DON'T SEE WHY IT'S SO HARD FOR A JUKEBOX TO PLAY THE SUPERTRAMP SONGS I PAID CASH MONEY FOR
How is the fight to SAVE KUSF going? You have my full support from down here in Texas! Keep fighting the good fight.
Exercise of the day: Ball Bottoms-Up Advanced - The Ball Bottoms-Up Advanced version provides even more challenge in developing your...
Come on #GRIZZ we at home
lol nope all for ME
TRAFFIC: Crash - Stoughton Rd @ Buckeye Rd - in the median, police on the way.
⌂ I never get tired of that movie.
See you both at CSA!
I'm begging y'all to follow They're doing amazing things and they deserve this! THEY WILL EVEN FOLLOW BACK. <3
Feeling MUCH better.... :)
Why must everything on hip hop radio be about sex and drugs? Try something NEW!
all of you guys are actually so amazing for following the account and the band. i know I don't tweet all the time but this is great really(:
Who the fuck tears the last pages out of a book?
Hanging with and !
Sneeze one more time!! Imma shove cotton balls up your nose and socks down your throat!!
Holy crap. Why are there high-schoolers trick or treating?
get starbury back from china
On the 12th day of Christmas the Courtyard Portland City Center gave to me, a hotel only 12.5 miles from the airport!
50k I think.
Just the way some people acted after the game.
lol man I just got like 45 spam messages I'm mad af
Alot of people seem to be having a great 2012 so far....You?
Some nights I just lay in bed and download new a bunch of new apps before I go to bed lol
I'm in the mood to go out for lunch. Who's in/near Bellevue and up for a quick jaunt and random conversation?
Our team is filming Mayor Jim Suttle today! Happy Thanksgiving from , ,
I too am running for the 18th. Registered with the GAB already. Good luck to your brother and us all.
*writes that down*
Is it dirty or what? : Lebron James mouthpiece make him look like he got missing teeth.
Cold water weighs less than hot water.
Thx, most of the stats I cite come from a spreadsheet I keep on the various scores.
Good luck (:
I don't think anyone can understand how excited I am for Jack White's new album, Blunderbuss. Can it be the 23rd now?
Finally, we got the winner for the Padres game ticket! We hope you are having fun on that day :)
Mike Miller brings me great displeasure. That is all.
can we renn faire on the 22? I want to make plans for this Sat.
follow back?
Do yourself a favor, stop whatever you're doing and call 719-26-OATES right now. Safe for work, too.
Thanks Ali!! We're definitely trying haha
Really jealous of everyone seeing the Avengers!
you was all over the tv tonight, cheesin' like a mofo! Nice catch
No point thinking about someone who doesn’t give a shit about you anymore
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely
Wow! That's pretty awesome! If they need another "bestie" I have some decent references!. :)
Women hearts beat faster than men. - Via the Funny Facts Free app
I'm sorry for your loss. Just know that now she's another angel watching over you<3
Would love it if someone offered to pay me in waffles!
Leadership is more tribal than scientific, more a weaving of relationships than an amassing of information. Max DePree
The Toney Douglas- JR Smith backcourt is scary. Plenty of forced shots to come
lmao ah its funny!!:b RT She sounds hideous!x)RT : this is Jake from Statefarm!:b
wonderful evening at the julep thanks for a true southern hospitality
nah I haven't buy think it would prob b a little scary. I wonder how it grew that large. Cld it be a butterfly/bat cross?
#IUsedToThink if I slept with my feet out the covers something would pull me under the bed and eat me
crazy. dreamed about #ghostedhouse -- and ghost -- last night...
Gonna be Jack Skellington for Halloween :D so excited! - Diana
Great presentation today at #parallels - I love data and the power it has, your presentation was empowering!
ha yes - I just figured that out. I may be guilty of overusing "wow" - time to mix it up with some, "interesting" and "amazing"
How the hell are you not the muse of an artist?
very good little bro :)
Lmfao how is that not weird...?
Barney frank on receiving the H award: " I've been wishing for it"
i followed you!
sure thing. I am very excited to see what happens to you all now that #crowdfunding has passed! Now is the time to get press!
2 songs done
you will meet him someday , your wish is going to come true ! <3
How many Milwaukee fans are doing the double-header?
Hi Jeff. No 4G in Dansville as of yet, but we're aggressively expanding. The goal is to cover our entire footprint by 2013.
watching the ustrream video you tweeted. please follow!!
Thank you for the welcome, Ms. Travers! :)
First day of school today! Middle school for oldest - little worried.
Only you can be accountable for your happiness. When you realize this it's time to start making changes.
24 weeks till
yes you will!
great post, thank you for the insight
Just finished a school author visit in Olean, NY. Now it's on to the Amish classrooms of Winesburg, Ohio.
Chop chop time...
follow me????? im ur number #1 fan. 6 years i have had a crush on u love u <3 <3
Drinking at the waterfront
BOOM and just like that its FRIDAY!!! #TGIF #PDX We have happy hour starting at 330pm! Cold libations and hot food! See ya then -LR
Steve Smith: The Beatles at the movies - Pasadena Star-News
For the people who r reading my ICONic Boy Love Story...im posting part 5 6 and maybe even 7! Look in my favs for my story
To be honest, Twitter doesn't have a point!
TRAFFIC ALERT: All lanes blocked on I-94 WB at MM 254 before HWY 73 due to a traffic incident, use alternate routes.
New social media rules do not ban Twitter & Facebook; Walcott urges "appropriate & accepted use of these powerful resources."
Hungry! No food
#FF #FollowFriday RT : "work harder to find a cure for cancer or build a car that can parallel park by itself?" - science
Some people work on projects, some people just come to hang out and drink beer. Last night we had a MAME setup.
sweet Serena! I second that...if I may lol
man I wish I knew what year. I decided not to sell it afterall. Who needs a car when you got a nighthawk?
Game Night + Wii Tennis + Alcohol = Broken TV
Do you think Splendoras would donate gift certificates for the saturday event?
Off of work finally
Sailing today in sunny sausalito. I love my job!
I WANT MY PICTURE IN THE POSTER. EVEN THOUGH I'LL NEVER HAVE IT.
that song was greatly written
Hey man, what kind of summing mixer do you use?
After Lately is on! I'm so watching it!
Feeling more social than usual today so somebody better entertain me! lol
And no, I don't feel happy and rested ;-)
m greasy solly's burger (well half a burger) was delicious
Big Bully Vandersloot: "Take that (totally true) story about me off your blog, or I'll sue you!" Rachel Maddow: "No."
Alyssa legit just gave me her 200$ Ray Bands. Oh my god.
Sharks/Red Wings, Caps/Lightning >>
TGIF, oh no, it's Monday? Well hurry Friday, get here! We have Snow Black Sunday Friday and I am too excited!
mine lasts forever! Been texting most of the day took it off the charger at 7:20, and only at 57% battery.
The #Nuggets are dictating the tempo thus far.
you ready for dilemma? That fool taking all kinds of noise about your battle. U gotta bring it
TrendSetter, You Clone Life
Wing Ding >>>
RT : AP: WI GOPer Kim Simac says "she shouldn’t be expected to know particulars about bills in the Legislature." bit.ly/qguYjI
whoooohoooo! It's all happening!!!
Thanks for the RT this morning to help share our mission today! Greatly appreciated!
hi guys, because of the code/prog. i have to delete all pics on my site n reupload, prev links wont work, sorry!
Every Kiss tweet back #candyheartmessage starting with E today!
we should still hangout on that day!
interesting but high bar to usage. points to need for tools for users to archive what they think important. see zotero commons
What is your American Dream? I always find people have it, as do I. The question I ask myself is what did I do to make it reality today?
Aww man, so I cant lie on Facebook anymore? I'm outta here
It's still TBD - we know she's coming to PDX, but we don't have an official date. I promise I'll tell you as soon as I know!
awe thanks! Im gonna dance for you know who 😘😂
it was informative discussion, would love to learn more about hesitation about Japanese pitchers
‎"Not everything that is more difficult is more meritorious." St. Thomas Aquinas
Ah, empathy is a good trait. You will go far in this world.
SUBJECT LINE I NEVER THOUGHT I WOULD WANT TO READ: "Jim -- Jack Abramoff needs you" via
Time for the second half of my bike ride for the day. If you see me come by on that GSXR throw a flag up
I have your crack, come and get it.
Blessed to be a blessing to others. God is AMAZING. Even thru the storm, I can't believe how blessed I am :)
Who agrees? is one of the best HALO players?
o New twitter background :)
Good morning has anyone heard of Green Pancakes and green beer for breakfast ? well that will be on my best friends table. yummy !
miss you!
that said we disappointed Dietz by being too faithful with Nina ;)
yepp and it totally sucks bro.
Come join us for 10 emails to automate today!
Thank You!! I thought Elena's makeup looked different (sad that I notice, I know). It was the 60's eye makeup. :)
THIS CANNOT BE. YOU WON'T BE LAUGHING AT ME, AT ALL.
Hell yes and u rocked the DP show as well!!
Having dinner with my girl @ Henry's Puffy Tacos, drinking some Pina Coladas!!
I'm a fake account.
Happy Amy Adams is a Terrible Actress Day!
Ricky Williams joins Ravens with 2-year contract.
horrible boses on HBO (y)
Haha that thing like explains it all lol
My Spanish teacher is Annoying Af!
Justin's middle name is Drew.
RT finish the thought a guys genitasl would have inflamed before it was touched
Know how ice can fall on you out of the cup? I did that today with an entire milkshake! 2 hours later, and I can still smell chocolate.
Not quite where I wanna be, but far from where I used to be...
Having a lovely day off :) gonna get some breakfast!
Finally have some time to watch #NBCdebate. Seems things have changed and other candidates have started attacking front runner, Romney.
yes, and no problem (:
Hello friends! I've been slowing down on tweets since the new format... it's not that I'm a Luddite but change is--well, change.
mac-n-cheese brodie wats good homie plug me in and share me i could use the support get ppl to follow me
im well working hard is all
Not everybody
Thegympro.com has a new look and great features. Twitter fans, type in "fit" in the promo code and hit redeem. Retweet to your followers!
Lifeson, JP, and recently Mike Orlando
Yes bitch,igot goals
All i ever wanted to be is what you need me to be......
Anyone in MKE going to the Tech Social in Madison? We're a sponsor but our attendee is too sick to go. We need a messenger for our schwag!
Happy Mothers Day but fuck work
Check out our newest blog post at crzroadtrip.blogspot.com featuring our trip to LSU!
When Asian golfers tee off, there's so much pressure for them not to be bad drivers.
and now the Rolex
Rt for a confession?
best news I've heard all week!!! cc
Spend One Night...And I Bet..It Would Be,,,The Best Night...#OfYoLife!
thank you for the follow!
#Lrt So true
Monday evening LIVE Greyhound Racing (all times ET): Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
much appreciated!
Chilly morning, no?
You, yes YOU! (you know who I'm talking about) yeah well, you deserve a HIGH-5, in the face, with a shovel....
We do guarantee to provide supplies for 7 yrs after a product is discontinued, but usually go longer. Ex: Made J740 ink till Mar '11
Yes, you heard me. If you're not there, we'll drink your share.... That wasn't intended to rhyme, Chelsa...
I LOVE SHE IS MY LIFE IM ACTUALLY IN LOVE WITH HER SHE IS AMAZING MY ICON!!!!!
Its raining here in #NC #Fayetteville and im sitting on my porch admiring the gentle breeze and the soft sound of rain drops
2nite: Duos by Malian kora player Ballake Sissoko & French cellist Vincent Segal. Plucky, warm, transformative chamber music performed LIVE.
I'm watching EVERY pick in this NFL draft
selling buying notes, debt management company, busy but week from hell
I am so stoked for in Orlando w/ ! This going to be so awesome!
Watching #RPTV "awesome"
“The life of a man consists not in seeing visions & in dreaming dreams, but in active charity &in willing service” -H. Wadsworth Longfellow
tx love
holy cow! the valdeon cheese at #jaleo is like eating milky peyote. funky, psychedelic cheese. omg
I am pretty sure you should not be cutting off Charles Barkley during halftime... c'mon TNT/ TSN
I can't wait to go to the Reds game tomorrow.
Rooting for Rick Santorum. Only candidate that can defeat Obama in the Midwest (key swing states). Also like Ron Paul. Both No BS
awesome possum!! I hope I get it
(The ABC's Of Blackness. (The Strong Collection.) – at amazon.com.)
Extra innings!!
Treating skin of color with lasers can be more difficult because laser energy can be taken up my melanin pigment-harming the skin.
"Oh you're looking delicious in that maroon polo today ;)" - me trying to flirt
Hey lady, how is Wednesday or Friday looking for you? Hope you had a fab time shopping xx
And congrats to honorable mentions & for
did you get the tweet where i tweeted my number? Lol
Spankin and rankin, slicin and dicin with General That's right, Team S&R is now taking cooking classes!
Thank you so much.
RT : sigh,i can only hope to get an *illionth* of the love he got when its my time. 09 is a banner year: We gained a pres & a king
why do I always eat such a huge lunch when I have to go out for dinner party why???????????????? ok. I am finished. photos to follow.
It's so weird seeing Will Arnett on SVU, I just can't take him seriously.
I feel like I've been retweeting way more than normal lately (the smart-ass in me wants to say, "Retweet if you agree.").
that's what's up! How your day going?
I love watching the Flyers just bc the crowd is a sea of orange. They support their team every game.
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day to my fellow 9-year-olds
Sporting. Kansas City. Game On.
There is something wrong with the radio when Taylor Swift comes on right after Stevie Wonder.
never settle
Yes, really--I heard the same thing.
Good morning, Ms. Walker. It's good I'm far from "perfect" *eyes flaring with humor* Though, I do enjoy a good beer.
THAT'S FUNNY!
very exciting! It's a great choice for your first NM Phil experience. Share your thoughts with us after the concert!
Superbowl here we come!
love it there bro
Opinions are the cheapest commodities in the world.
Thanks for letting Steph know about CCF! Appreciate the reco.
aw why
Ate way too much sugar 2day. I will be lucky if I can avoid the cavity fairy.
The struggle is real.
Not able to work at Reno Collective today? We have an IRC channel too: #renocollective on freenode, join us!
They all do!!! RT ROMNEY makes me want to THROW UP!!!!!
pleassseee follow me(:
I love that our recording studio staff draw incredible things while waiting for videos to render. Will have to post a photo sometime.
sudo bring-me "skillet seared NY Strip, baked Potato, grilled Asparagus"
You're welcome. Hope you all have a wonderful week!
yeah. And yet they could still realistically rescue it. Amazing.
medium or medium rare?
I just don't know what to do anymore
SHE SAID SHE WORKS HARD FOR HER MONEY!!
Did JK ever say who Luna ends up with? Loved her character.
You should have profile settings go on browser not the app !
haha no i didnt forget. just kept puttin off finishing cause of all this school work.
Loved the #Castle episode last night. Can't wait to see part 2!!
Rest in peace Steve Jobs. We lost a great genius, a visionary and someone who knows how to execute the ideas right. Sad news.
Also, Hunger Games honestly sounds kinda dope.
