I'd love to hear your summary of Steve's talk!
#ThingsIGottaTeachMySon Pizza: Guys just eat it, while ladies beat themselves up and consume massive quantities of guilt while eating it.
kidding, kids. :) Happy to help. Good luck with finals!
They don't. But if they are going to be published by news sites or other journalistic media sources, they need to have ethics
Wher do the uhts chill on mondays
Did you run in LA Marathon and if so what was your time and where did you finish?
I just wanna go to sleep!
stop by METRO and try our kick a$$ chili!
No you can't.
Looking for a little relaxation or maybe some extra motivation...Try our Kratom!!!
i think imma have to take a road trip to little rock ark to see you again.. Thank god i have family out there lol
QoTD: "A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake." (Confucius)
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. Maya Angelou
On the to shoot Big Roddy's verse for the video with
keep the "aha" chain going & don't film anyone in the shower while you are there :) cc:
In just over an hour, this month's Hillcrest Town Council meeting begins. Join us at 630pm -- Joyce Beers Comm. Ctr.
it's 11:11 and im making a wish for you to follow me! Please!(:
Not to mention you probably don't own a hollow needle, clamps, right jewelry, or even know how to properly clean it.
Remember the #saa11 business mtg. Vote first, eat after.
Forgot how much work moving was! Haven't moved in 9 years!
awwwee u followers r the best <3 u guys no homo
There's nothing wrong with having a conversation.
got sick during basketball practice now i feel dizzy
My idol told me not to hate, he told me how to love. Haters gonna hate, Mahomies gonna love.♥
Ok guys ChristieOhh! Will be making her "Certified Official" debut soon! Looking forward!
haha! Those small stats compared to the quantity of articles is absolutely great.
The mystery of the birdless birdfeeder is solved...............They are there alright, until, the smallest cat stalks them to flee!
oh, u gonna start a world war lmao
not much better results however , body language not great in 2nd half
If someone really loves you, they wouldn't let you slip away no matter how hard the situation is.
How are you doin? Ive been running like crazy! Hope all is well for the holidays
No idea -- we'll have to ask!
Happy Birthday Nick!!! :-) can i get a Happy Birthday?! <3
Aww..I know! Thanks for the RT:-)
the suspense is killing me!
. several Securitas Vans roaming downtown.
Taylor Gang or be Lil Waynes dentist.
you're the best. So glad we met at #socialdevcamp. Enjoy your weekend!
it's not jay wavey stew no more lol
Happy mother's day to all moms!
Raven Symone came out as a lesbian.
My Mama Funny Man She Gone Tell The Lady In Walmart BITCH Move
Happy Mother's Day <3
Very excited to interview Will Allen of this morning! Find out what he and I actually have in common, coming up on Wake Up!
That would do right by fans. We'll see what happens. I wouldn't be shocked if they held one or two for midseason either.
I'm so burnt and I'm loving it. But I can't believe we have to leave this paradise tomorrow :( fuck indy
Among all the other things as well. (:
A kind heart isn't at peace if those they love are in turmoil.
he had some weapons in Denver...how did that turn out.
needs to play
and now its raining...
Would love 2 Joe. BTW, will b sending the creative brief 2 u folks tomorrow 4 ted e bear hollow.
Regretting my two hour post Austin nap... Need to get sleepy!
#MyDreamFor2012 Thwart the "end of the world" thing, save 2013, get famous, act the fool, lose everything, become infamous.
RT - I think the Jacksonville Jaguars should create and join their own league called "Legends of the Hidden Temple"
#HowToGetRejected " you're like a brother/sister to me" -__-
Hey #NYC!! It's beautiful day in the city? How are you spending the day?
Still need a #SQL Server based #Data #Warehouse #Developer for a very exciting internet company in SF
#m&m sexy and i know it... best commercial so far...
#opengovwest participants: city planners, datahounds, public relations folks, community activists. Oregon, Washington, BC.
Good Morning!
you should listen to all our ideas and do them
-Damien, Sounding great on 'My' bro. Enjoying your show!
yeah, but they still put her in a fat suit.
Well? What say you about SYTCD performances?
wad up wit u.. :) wat u do today.
well see, the thing about that, nate jones, is that it is. adjust digital strategy accordingly.
All too often we are giving young people cut flowers when we should be teaching them to grow their own plants
how are things?
We're into the cat-belling portion of the introduce-standardized-ontologies discussion
What about that the weed tho
They look pretty darn good...
People that have no dreams do their best to ruin yours. Just keep on looking forward and you will fly on by them.
Watching Pretty In Pink and saw the Lady Gaga hair.Freaked out.<3
I find that I have nothing left to give to this day.
Tonight we are playing at the 5 Spot in support of 2 important causes. We hope you can make it out!
What type of angel investments do you make??
okay dont forget! <3 you too!
Summer we will miss you!
surprised you didn't catch Doc saying "No Semin so far"
YOU LITERALLY JUST READ MY MIND!
RT I call my mom Mother Broski!! : Happy Mother's Day!
Wow Nick's car was just stolen, and I was witnessed it! :0
our new background looks quite Laker-licious
no!! thats exactly what you need, two hyper people = ANNOYING
i can already tell this #WEEKEND is gonna be the best weekend ever!!!
Yep - on KeePass but there were like 180 logins to fix when I started
#lasttweet I was not laughing that time.
you know how much I love chipotle!
... REALLY?? the real people one?? im gonna make u watch it.
I LOVE this story!! Can't wait for more!!!:D
My teeth just shivered from imagining myself doing that. disgusting.
i gotta go now mahomies, it's too late! goodbye ♥
amen! so would Blake Lively and, of course, the equally talented Blake Matthews (aka me)
This game is KILLING ME!!!!!
Playing outdoor is so much better than indoor and my outdoor team is so much better. No Scholes in the wind but def giggsy. 2-0 win.
I'm with the Aggs.
mau, you're spamming my timeline
Sean O'Hair... it appears early on that you never had a chance Tiger misses winning.
So am I. RT : Watching Blair Underwood on
#OccupyBaltimore check out looking forward to teaching how #ows connects to the average college student's life!
People want to be like Bill Gates to be the richest person in the world. People want to be like Steve Jobs to change the world.
you are in trouble because u are polite? That seems wrong :)
looks like a horse! I have a pet deer!
a relationship involves 2 not 4 you little whore:)
Which state will bravely pave the way by banning gay Sharia law? I'd advise you to look under your bed late at night if you don't fear it
That's right, nothing
You can’t just assume that everything will always be the same because things change, especially people.
Thanks for the follow, Lindsey!
Thanks for the follow!
will there be a glide enhancement on #prototype2?
Happy to do it! Hope the stars are treating you better. (And thanks for the #FF !)
Consider that one adorable robot necklace bought :)
Heyyyyo, welcome to the Tweet world :)
Getting two 5's today! Haha yeah right, who am I kidding.
do you need a profile pic or anything like that?
Vick is inhuman
There's a plan for me
winners being announced at the pre-conf kickoff event!
WAH I should be in NY right now...
Clouds on the increase tomorrow with a slight chance of showers before 3pm. High around 70.
I'm at a Rockets game! This is so fun, I hope they get a home run.
Spent the afternoon checking out the Tim Burton exhibit at LACMA.... it was really crowded but an excellent show
I did a little weaving, a little bombing, if you will, myself. and it was good.
“: Hillary's cooch has a playoff beard. Gross.”
Good morning world. Back to sleep
forever young, i want to be <3
I have only gotten like 3 followers today.. :[
RT : Yams are packed with vitamins & minerals, they are also slowly digested so you stay feeling full longer.
integrating sound and video clips into twitter would be awesome.
one of our students will be on KGW channel 8 around 4pm today talking about her experience with Red Cross babysitting class and SEI, tune in
My boyfriend has ADHD. dont worry Adam Levine, ur girl is gettin her master's in counseling soon :)
& all our friends in the DFW area...stay safe.
So excited & expectant about this week! "I'm in Jesus' favor so I stand firm in Him. He alone is faithful to fulfill His promises for me!"
thanks for sharing some of your sunshine!
ESM client Michael Brockers has accepted an invitation to the 2012 NFL Draft in New York! Congratulations Mike!
Knocked out wherever. I don't care about anything anymore. It's exhausting when your always in da wrong
Apple fans argue that Android phones are less slick and uglier, and that they junk up the system with low-quality apps.
Go Cards!
Tonight starting at 6:30pm, we'll have live on the telephone. More music follows with at 8pm. ^LG
just did the dreaded "hit the 10 am snooze, then sleep till noon" my day is going to be funkay
: not many other situations you could say that!
and now, like so many ny loves, it is DEAD :(
#pepco needs 4 months timeline if you need power/elec work. Make realistic timelines for opening a restaurant in dc
This SBS migration is going terribly slow.
We're clearly just on the same wavelength with finding good links on the internet
Hit carpenter in the neck....already been a hit batsmen benches woulda been warned...
I've never laughed so much in my life 😂
Orlando offically done 4 game sweep
Beavis and Butt-Head rocks.
Any progress with Flacco or Rice?
Editing music video, 'Who Do YOu Think You're Foolin' with Jae Feinberg!
I know I'm super late, but thanks! I actually had a great Saturday!
cupcake breakfast and now a run. ugh- poor planning.
he is always loyal....to the team in 1st place lol
ok ok. i feel better. its brutal down there. where ya stayin, like 11 and diamond.
While you guys watch the crossfits, I do the crossfits.
Good morning.
damn first time trying to get a good grade on a final to pass...
why are social networks so addictive
You mean, the concern that you can't read the book using other e-reader?
he just called me gay ...Say what you want to but shawty was bad, lol
So with the rainey addition the steelers now have a rapist, a woman beater, and an aggravated stalker on their roster.
chillin with isaac watching blues cluess(:
Rising temperatures are melting more Arctic sea ice every summer. And warmer conditions make it harder for ice to reform in the winter.
I had that deal last year
i miss you so can i have ur number can i can i have it
that's why we are friends!!!!
Just registered for Magic Live in Las Vegas - August 11–14, 2013! Woohoo!
was lucky not to be rich;he could've been at Cranbrook prep
A2: Advertise through schools and word of mouth
Never thought that I would like someone like you!!!!
Thanks for the tweet, Adam!
wholeheartedly agree. it's despicable.
wish i could fit "Nick the Funky Homosapien" as my name. four letters short =[
It's not a bad choice, and of the various American beers I have tried, it is one of the few I can stand...
Volleyball today around 6
email me!
These trees blocking the sun will not let me be great right now
I know! I feel like I need to watch Cougar Town now. For you and for Abed.
RT : I am freaking hungry what should i eat.some soul food
And then she giggles+she's so cute! Like a Cyndi Lauper/Tori Amos hybrid manicpixiedreamgirl before there was such a thing.
never found great BBQ back home but I'm sure it exists.
ARE YOU WATCHING AMERICAN IDOL !? :O
CHOKE A BITCH c;
so am I to assume #13 will be back then?
Celebrating Easter with my family as well as my church family. Enjoy the day.
who said that?
600 followers. <3 Thank you guys :D
now this is true lol
it is!!! Im,hot af dude
Hm....not a bad idea. I might skip the artichoke though. Spinach bacon dip in a bread bowl. Maybe no bread either.
Send me like 100 words about Guetta. You got my email right?
really? You would? :D
Congrats Ryan! You are the winner of a dozen free Auntie Em cupcakes!!
The fastest reaction is indistinguishable from the slowest prediction.
NIGGA I DO WHAT I WANT
#Coffeescript presentation now up at #DevIgnition. Wonder what type of #Node.js goodness will be discussed. Maybe even #Zappa?
great game!!! ROCK CHALK!
they're so good I'm considering taking my lap band for the day to get one...lol
Father in HEAVEN please help me. THANK YOU.
Awww thank you so much!! I think you're cute too :)
Great! I will try to attend. I will be doing the Spirit Rock retreat in July with you and others..looking forward!
This is a really pointless meeting for all mt
and if I can barely run a 7 minute mile that means I can get there in, well, probably 2024.
hey. Me.
Just in case you forgot
I don't remember exactly, but I think it's sometime in June. Good luck. Hope you guys get regular season games only!
at some point you just have to let people figure things out for themselves... and be patient while they do...
"Talent is nurtured in solitude; character is formed in the stormy billows of the world." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Our editor is probably loving that Ben Francisco home run. #gophils we guess?
The new #BlueRock #website is almost ready to launch! What would you like to see on it?
So annoyed my dad never answers my calls when I need him to and any other time he is stuck up my asshole lol
Barack needs to fire Feinberg today. C shareholders have actionable grounds against him and the government NOW
We like to have a broad interpretation of "jazz." Glad you liked it!
RT We are no longer just passive readers. We have become reporters in our minds -
I am so glad to hear that your ok...keep up the progress:)
Just read tht Donald O'Connor had to be hospitalized after filming #MakeEmLaugh. Completely understandable
when you figure out that is following you >>>>>>>>>>
Laying in bed bored watching videos from #VEVO :)
HAPPY VERLANDER DAY
Love causes pain and joy; even though people keep searching for love not knowing how much pain that love brings.
Hopscotch 2013, remember? ;)
why not the Flip HD? Sharing uploads is the easiest. I love my Flip.
she's the best .
Put a little lipstick on your next project! Spice it up with DiamondKote or SoftTouch Coatings. Stop in ask for samples!
Whatever loser.
lmfaoooo I love you guys
yes Dr.. why reduction..wanting bigger here now breasts as i change more femme
Express Yourself!™ Teen Radio is the #1 most listened to program on the Voice America Network around the world. Youth Voices can be heard.
CISPA passed the house 248 freedom "lovers" vs 168 freedom "haters". Thank heavens. I think my computer has four terrorists in it right now
WHAT IS LOVE. in math, its a problem, in history, its a battle, in science, its a reaction. but in my heart, its you. -Tyga
Pop growth in Las Vegas is largely a function of Hispanic population growth
Travel with Val: Summer Caribbean getaway deals heat up
Let's not even pretend KJ isn't already in contract negotiations with E! Disaster, right ahead.
I can't sleep and I have school tomorrow! Ugh!!! Help me!
you guys are a couple. You moved to be with him
Best way to spend a snowy, winter day in Pittsburgh? At #phipps during the orchid and bonsai show.
is stoked about the Dell laptop I just got from the TRIF grant. Now I can work from home even more often...good or bad?
I am so grateful for this new direction. Thank God for His guidance
": Easy to dream a dream though it's harder to live it - Ambition"
Twitter Deal: 24oz Pineapple Juice for $3.99. Tell us you saw it on twitter!
Great news! See you there!
I bet Luther Campbell and Stuart Scott are bitter "Raise the Roof" didn't become a jock jam. I had the cassingle.
The milk & cookies I had 
Revisiting one of my fave female artists, Natasha Bedingfield. I liked her brother's songs too
I always flub up the rap in Craig David's song Eenie Meenie
Okay. You can be my boyfriend. : If I was your boyfriend I'd never let you go
Hope you're not getting sick again. I'll hold you until you fall a sleep if you like.
Happy Easter!!
So my flight 399 to SFO is now going to SJC, with a bus to SFO. I wish we could all just pay $10 more & have this never happen.
I stopped by parents to make dad breakfast in bed & told him how awesome Father's Day is #Justtofuckwithmom. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY the BEST Mom!
Baseball-Sabathia helps Yankees snap three-game losing skid - Chicago Tribune
a lot better
#downtonpbs - Life is good.
DM me with your contact info so that we can talk in more detail about what you have in mind. Looking forward to hearing from you.
i didnt forget about you!
thanks! A clip is up now. See finding hope tv on fb for the link!
nah it won't even come off as that
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset "Bad excuses"
I'm following coupon mom & some others I seen, let's save some $$$$$ & clip coupons,lol!!!!
at teleprompter class the off to another rehearsal...busy, busy, busy
This Is Samuel From FB Whats Your Skype Pic You And Stephanie Scott Or Just You Cause If You Want I Wanna Skype With You!!!
"Shall I compare thee to a summer's day?" (William Shakespeare)
Happy Birthday !!!! Live it up!!!
Happy Easter! They're beautiful!
RT : this weekend! I can't wait to meet the change agents!
So tired! Can't wait for tomorrow :)
miss your wonderful and inspiring tweets last couple of days! Be careful and safe in the burg! #Hugs!
has been HACKED by some loser who has nothing better to do with their life...so beware of her tweets
As we start to plan our cooking school, we want to know what you want! What cooking classes would you like to attend??
Welcome back! Night LC :)
Will u go out with me? a)Yes b)a c)b Please pick ur answer.
I sent you two articles today already. There were tons written before the 08 election. PUHLEEEZE!
Can we start describing wars of choice as entitlements for the political class?
The new episode is finished guys, but since i have to internet right now, ittl be some time before it goes online... sorry guys! also...
as I wait for this sun to set I think of thee whom I'll never forget I tiptoe through the darkest nights while I run the dawn will rise
my friends own the puffer fish that was in the fish tank in that house. They got it after the show was done filming.
Hello, superwoman.
Raptors sure are Griffin this game away right now.
of course, you were wearing orange, and looked fab, so it kind of gave you away. hahaaa! :))
We love to hear you've enjoyed the book. Thanks for sharing! ^staff
Well we love you guys so keep it cominnnn :]
Rihanna really got a tattoo that say "THUG LIFE" wow. Ri I love you alot but u aint no thug. Ok I guess.
You cry, I cry, ….you laugh, I laugh…you jump off a cliff i laugh even harder!!
nice to see you again tonight at Opart Thai. Thanks again for speaking w/ members.
#Loveitwhen I can buy dinner with the loose change in my wallet. Thanks Chelsea!
Happy Happy Birthday to one of the true loves of my life!!!
check out the profile pic last time we chilled at Ritz soundstage at my beat battle
Indeed, it would take some persuading to convince me that live tweeting falls under Rhetoric 101's technology use policy.
": Invite only boys showcase set for May 19, 2012 at Durango High School. Come see some of Nevada's top prospects compete"
thanks. We'll take a look at it.
get saucy while you do your chores... its what I do!
Tomato-Malt Vinegar, Ginger-Soy Mayo & Maytag Blue Cheese are just a few of the amazing sauces you can try when you eat with us.
Waiting on phish to take the stage.
John Hodges, your about to be my new best fraaand #librarylovin' 📖
G is for Goofy E is for Edgy L is for Liberal S is for Slippery O is for Optimistic N is for Neat
What is your favorite breakfast food?
Playing at the Living Room in NYC Wednesday with a few friends. Come out if you're in town! 8pm
i didnt say i was bad!!
points to your everyday delight. What do you enjoy?
IT/Software Development Candidates looking for their next full time gig- HIT ME UP! Id love to help you out! 312-616-7974 or send your r…
Sans cape, apparently...
Congrats on a beautiful restaurant. Cheers on bringing more deliciousness to downtown!
Great idea. The word "documentary" is synonymous with "boring" for many. Terminology should be similar to books.
Ian, thanks for following me. Looks like you have a ton of followers but looking forward to connecting with you.
Reduced to memetic responses by Hall and Oats at
just finished the first chapter of Nicest Kids in Town about race and Am. bandstand! Excellent work Matt!
damn that sucks... channing tatum was bout to get road head
How about some creamy n cool Tiramisu Gelato and a $1.00 Doppio to kick in to gear after lunch? M....Delizioso!
I could talk smack on TDR food but still invite you up for a bite.
I was in a wide ranging meeting today at a manufacturing client. It was fun to talk about enterprise-level issues for a change.
A R I A N A T O R S TWET #ArianaDidAmazing <3
^tl Jackie has your treat for a Queen, enjoy the Oriole JoeChino...
I just saw an ad in my timeline... Is this really happening now?
As opposed to a large creature seen from a distance that may have been a horse or cow.
its not to hard wit a lil practice
Favorite liberal arts major buzzwords, go! Mine: palimpsest, simulacra, discourse. cc/
Pretty quiet in the Park right now but all is ready for tomorrow's Colfax Marathon!
Oh, wave-jumping envy. I am overdue for a SoCal visit. Friend coming 4 surgery lives there. Wish she could bring beach w/her.
Guy: Be right back. Girl: Okay. -3 hours later- Guy: I'm back. Girl: What took you so long? Guy: Someone asked me why I love you.
Mine too!
IT WAS FUCKING GOOD SEAT FOR JUST A REGULAR TICKET SKDJFKLASD IM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW OMG
Love it! :) Thanks so much!
yo my man... Living life u know how that goes. How about you homie???
The most simple act of kindness is simply a smile. ~ A.D. Williams
Game time less then 10 minutes away can't wait
Thanks 4 the follow.
If your ever un sure about a color stick with black always classy ;*) xOx <3
We hope everyone has an amazing holiday and happy new year. 2012 here we come!
what do you think about kony 2012. do you want to stop kony
lmaaaao god send to me on tezttt
the one girl who has the awesome father
What's your favourite Mexican food?
Agreed! Although I can't take credit for the idea. Got it off of a friend's Pinterest!
happy vday beautiful
you're in denial. Also, how great is that flick? Thats right....I said flick.
it is just impossible.:)
Looking for #designers interested in #Seattle, AWESOME GIG must have #fps or 3rd person experience.
#whatmeanstheworldtoyou ? My family. 😘💛
sorry for your relative's loss. That's tragic.
On April 9th Season 8 of will remind us how Reality TV can actually kick ass.
It's official, you truly are a comedian...I'm dieing laughing at these tweets
I don't think any of my $ will ever be going to help the FB Instagram acquisition worthwhile. Instagram: I just don't get it. Gimmick.
Football is over... which means we are getting that much closer to Baseball Season Starting up again! RT if you're excited!
Brian Selznick was actually the creative genius behind Hugo. Five Academy Awards and he still has not been thanked...
So long Vern, thanks for another year of bias one-sided announcing
Cheers to Me, Cheers to You!
agreed! I jammed that last night! haha
": Teaching my mom the difference between DC and Marvel comic books #typicalfridaymorning" HAHA. Mom tweets make my day.
Do you watch Top Gear (U.K.)?
#NP The Strokes- Vision of Division
Sleep blogging again, crazy stuff! Must of looked on ebay and saw, doyle stout moss and was confused
I love her! I love her! I love her! I love her! I love her! I love her! I love her! I love her! I love her! I love U <33
Thanks for the mention!
There is no such thing a slut in 8th grade!
Raise your standards if you smoke cigarettes in yo house
Really "good" music is "felt" as well as it is "heard"!....and I,m NOT talkin about being really LOUD....OK?
Nothing to be ashamed of! Thank you for sharing the Socks & Sandals Guy love!
hey hey buddy ainsley~ good morning~ love you so much my dear buddy~ have a great day and take care <3
#lmn!! It's been too long
Yes! Sunday? Monday? Tuesday? Wednesday? Can I dress up like Thor????
Damn this set of bitches at the gym got cakes
dude. Jameson > jack
Weird Al White and Nerdy
i just ran three miles with 9 toenails. think about that for a second.
My guess is that the hospitals also do basic vet services. They just also do surgery, etc.
Was told by my husband that I smelled like a butterfly this morning!
Of course not! Where do I get my copy? Amazon, or is there a better way?
My excuse is that I'm Young :)
Is the research on whether those items will all fit into the same trash bag at the same time? :-)
thanks man! Glad you rock with the tunes.. but its been 4 years since I first started.
The world lost Etta James... GOD has someone that can please his ears for sure! We will miss that voice!
In business, people are paid salaries commensurate w/their time and value. Teaching time is considered valuless &thus paid so.
I want super bright DRL's how do I fix that??? Hahaha... Seriously.
Glad to hear it!
do you know who the ACC home teams are?
can you please wish a happy birthday?! :D PLEASE!!!<21
Other women they would seem secure, they're just as fragile as her
I want you to want me
(Napoleon Bonaparte) The greater the man, the less he is opinionated; he depends on events and circumstances.
you know me all too well:)
U & Colin r lucky 2 have flexibility 2 b with Hank b/c of ur occupations. I'm homeschooling my 16 yr old son next yr. Stay tuned :)
is now officially following He's got Luke Duke hair AND drives the General Lee.
It's going to be a long night ...
Just saw the #glee cover for I think I might shot my pants during the episode. 💩
Thanks for sharing our excitement! We are so thrilled.
she said it meant NIGGAS ENJOY FUCKIN FEMALES
Happy mothers day! What are u doing for your mom on this special day?
Ha, its okay. Uh, how old are you?
Shoutout to everyone out there with a mom to wish happy mothers day to. If it wasn't for my grandma i'd have no idea what a mom supposed 2 b
Thia rain makes it smell like spring in the
If we could increase the number of Protestant missionaries in the field from 7000 to 50,000, we could evangelize the globe in ten years.
Congrats to you and team on the SNAC Mellon funding! Fantastic!
A woman is the greatest asset or liability. She can be a builder or destroyer. And is equal in both anointings.
If I reach for your hand, will you hold it? If I hold out my arms, will you hug me?
can I have a cookie?
Installing Snow Leopard. Fingers crossed!
Volunteer in Madagascar this summer! Join on this expedition on May 16th. Apply now and get a 10% discount!...
S/O to all my new followers I will follow yall
That's it. I'm too tired (long day at work) & frustrated (#Brewers being the Brewers)! Till tomorrow everyone, goodnight & God Bless. <><
Tip o' the ol' cap to Josh Hamilton. Holy crap.
Car A/C konked out. Bella is not a happy camper...though most panting dogs look kind of happy so, I guess I can't tell.
I wants some :-$
TV is nothing but static, can't get a human on the line at any of your numbers. Can u help?
Happy National Teacher Day & thank you for making a difference!
the philosophical basis of indeterminate sentencing are that there tend to be more liberal opinions on sentencing.
Happy Birthday s/o to the man
my boobs :)
I really like this Paulino guy. We should keep him.
I'm happy I got 86 tweets last night and i'm finally getting tweets back to my phone....
What does #Heaven look like to you?
Jordy!! Can I get a RT? It would make my day! Love watching you play!
Thanks for the First Listen feature. I've purchased several albums because of being able to hear it on your site first.
haha. I hate when stupid shit like that starts "trending"
Weekend of art opening, dinner w/friends, hair cut/color, workout w/trainer, Balance Lady Design crafting, wine tasting, rest & relaxation!
Thx for the RT! We look forward to seeing you there after the virtual session wraps up. :)
Lady in the crowd told me to "calm down twitcher" in the first show. Youtube video coming this Tuesday
Yep. Also, I know that without a sketch-to-wireframe guide, it's easy for me to dawdle on details in prototypes.
Walter d was playin that old school mix. Made me wanna hop on that San Andreas game.
Yes it will. RT : That TD is going to break twitter.
Become a Freek...www.freekshowradio.com
Apparently my arch-nemesis has just sobered up long enough to start tweeting again.
2010 was tumultuous and successful. Happy New Year! I will be toasting with a bottle of Do u have a favorite champagne?
soon! then off to atl, but maybe meet in person? we did at spped reh thing at one time. it was fun great fun!
My computer just fritzed.. The technical term" for what the?"
nope. I watched it on directv
MillStBrewPubTO when is the pumkin beer coming and how do I reserve a growler!!!!!!
not much Hbu?
Talk to our butcher behind the counter, & they'll guide you in selection & how to best cook your pick.
rother what is happining i miss u
#AskPSanders what do you look for in a girl?
when is motherless son day/
#RG3ISABEAST, REAL REFRESHING TO SEE AN EDUCATED ATHLETE. REMINDS ME OF ME, or THE OLD ME.
What kind of music do ghosts like?
For those not still in a food coma, tune in to at 9:30 to see our own talking abt the best tailgating essentials!
great stuff, especially self portraits.
we don't support the ones sticking to the craft. End result: the crap that plays on the radio.
Now it's 61° F, Clear in New York City - Fahrenheit for iPhone & iPad
CANT GET YOU OUT MY HEAD
Hahaha.. oops. Hang on
Let me check and see what I can do! What dates were you interested in?
thank you for everything !
is the alternative to Slave Nigga Rap and Thug R&B! Revolutionary!!!
no suprise that you're at the end. ugh :)
At the Providence Hospital 2012 gala. Congrats to Drs. Bette Strudwick, Joseph Quash and Edward Ranking.
Facebook does nothing but gives us too much useless information about people we don't really even care about.. Lol
Stop by for the Valentine's Day Special. Free dessert and photobooth pictures with a $10 purchase.
SHOUT OUT to for being my 250th follower! <3 Keep the #FF Love going! xoxo
Cranberry juice. Mwahahahahaha.
AGAIN, you have NO idea what the play is yet you insist on insulting!! I don't get it!
#NP baby ranks ft notch -verme old song but I still luv it! <3
Got home from 14 days to Heather, a PTFC win & got accepted to Multimedia Journalism Masters Program @ University of Oregon.
When will Mindless Behavior VIP tikets be on sale? I thought it was suppose to be selling today during the presale
thanks glad you cashed after a hapless Saturday in #Soccer I knew it was a blip!
Excuse me sir, hows your day? (:
Do it! Endorphins + well-earned self-righteousness = an amazing mix. :)
Come wind down your week with Happy Hour in the bar from 4-7pm! All specialty cocktails, glasses of wine & beers are half-priced!
Just sent our very first payout to a venue! Thanks to beta testers Theatre Company for helping us build a better box office!
who/ Wendy? good!
whenever. Just let me know. Good morning to you too
www.therealchrisfaith.com
I'm drunk as fuck, but #nohomo has a huge dick!
RT : Are there Washington, DC metro area developers contributing to the #OpenStack open source project?
Fucking A he does! :)
Attending "What's the difference: Moving from Blackboard CE/Vista 8 to Blackboard Learn Release 9 and Release 9.1"
I doubt it. Sounds like a publicity stunt. (Albeit one in which we're now participating.)
Bring a knife to a fist fight, a gun to a knife fight, and a M134 to anything else
gotchu...I'm thinking of texas myself..heard good things
Damge ; Chris Brown !
good morning everyone!
Mitt Romney said the Poor have a safety net what's that a GRAVE?
Good morning everyone Happy Friday
Working on some screencast tutorials today - first up how to create PIP (Picture in Picture) video presentations with PowerPoint
Utah State is going to leave Auburn with a fat check and a W.
I don't know why we all think 3D sucks but we do.
Didn't make it to my trainer today, had a chiro appointment instead. Bummed though.
"The Lord is gracious, and full of compassion, slow to anger, and of great mercy." NIV Psalm 145:8
my mom's cioppino. Sadly, she only makes it on Christmas Eve.
Thx tebow. Love my bears w/ everything don't get me wrong, but I wanna win my fantasy league so just enough points from tebow would be good
says: & will be Friday Night for last Bop of the season!
Back to taste testing a new coffee, we have a winner!
isn't just about the best thing ever?
(Slowly raising hand to see if anyone really believes me than quickly back down) Nope
SHGAFDGASFGBSAJGSBFV I hate having a cold! :(((((
Learned alot from working with Jodie Bentley this week....personal brand done, new headshots selected and at printer, onto building my reel
so glad your on my favorite team! beast this year.
thanks for the follow.
Whered all my followers go :'O
Both shows are at Strange Matter
I think you and I are two of the few people that use plays on offense and defense. Most people I play just reach and shoot threes
I've only just begun to touch your earlobe
when will they start in Eastern Portland?
Anyone looking to improve your domain name? Contact me and I can help you out!
woo im tired!!!!
RT : I applaud the Internet community/blacked out sites for participating in our democracy & opening the debate:...
hahaha omg! haha you looked gorg and a bird pooped on me when we were taking that pic!!
We love the LoganSquaristDaily!
but he stopped 7 shots on a pk once!
#dontwifethatchickif she got a dude she call her "brother" thats not really her brother lls
No need to give me an attitude, MY BAD that I didn't know. I just thought maybe you didn't realize what day it was. It happens to all of us.
Jeannette Rankin~ You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.
Obsessing over someone really cute that you don't even know at the store
well I'm just going to have to listen close because I ain't getting out of bed!! Lol but I'm serious.
#TeamHeat #TeamHeat #Leggooo WE GOT A GREAT ONE VS DEM OLD MEN #BostonCeltics 3D LIVE ON #7CT WUT IT DO JAY SHIELDS
The way I can move my hips >
good morning everybody. not feeling so good , but I still have to go to school. :I hope y'all have a great day <3
i trust you.
Something simple and probably cheesy. Someone probably said something better. :( lol
It's pretty hard to write anything good when Lightning Crashes by Live is streaming through your head non stop.
Coworker just on MSNBC. A good day for TechAmerica.
u already kno
So excited we're watching the same game, tho I hope Tigers win it for Verlander. RT : Come on Rangers!!!!!!!! Get it done💪
All about summer $$ not team, believe it RT : Lin brought up again today he doesn't have trust in the knee.
like, w/ John Waters its EASY: Trace Extreme Position X,Y, or Z back to POST-DIVORCE CUSTODY BATTLE. #KevinMyers = trickier
Jeff () saw the chocolate on my face. He told me I had gone too far this time.
legit night.
OLD ONE? what is it? i wanna follow lol and i dont keep up with my 2nd one. but i wanna fix it tomorow or something
Get ready for a sweltering HOT car in Vegas! “:please let events back on Campus-Hard to evaluate when your in the car all day
eating some pizza rolls
We welcome two new Fellows to : Mr. Ben Lyons of Columbia Univ. & Ms. Kate Egner of the Coll. of William & Mary.
has never hated LA traffic more than I do right now.
yea..u didn't see top on da porch?? Lol
It was your ass that didn't work more than likely. Lol
Anyone know of a user-friendly front end for a library database? Something super-simple (and pretty) to search titles/authors/keywords?
Come on you guys let's make it to 75 followers!!(:
Follow & RT for a chance to win: Room & VIP table for Thursday!
X.com domain for sale. $6.5mil. 1.4mil unique views per month. Obviously, HUGE potential. Get at me for details. Pass it on.
god morning peeps(:
I will not be beat down physically or mentally.....
oops! my choc chip cookie recipe was in error! +2eggs. Too hard to fit a recipe in 140 char.
woke up early, need my coffee on this happy hump day morning!!
no problem! I know you can do it! :D
Can someone, anyone, explain to me why DCA-DFW fares are $800+ more than two weeks out?
for y'all to have all that, y'all are getting that ass mopped lmao
yeah! how are you?
Sloppy day huh? Fenders might be a nice treat. Stop on in!
training is a bitch! How many times do I have to "thumbs down" Jack Johnson and Bon Iver before it stops playing them!??
i didn't catch it...was it good??
at the gym, guy's t-shirt, sleeves removed: "I'M A CATCH" - meaning you'd like to be chased?
um yeah i freaking miss you guys so much legit its not ok
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS, TWITTER JUST NOTIFY ME IF I DO NOT HAVE MORE FOLLOWERS THEN I CAN NOT FOLLOW NO ONE :( :(
I know wants me.. she makes it so obvious. I mean, I'm single but *flips hair* not for her ;)
Poker Players Alliance is rallying today in DC to support online poker. Contact your congressmen today and lets get poker legalized.
Good morning #Philly hope everyone still has a great day in spite of the rain!
Your background photograph is so beautiful - want to visit immediately!
Welcome back Mr Edwards! RT : New show debuts Monday 2/13 at 2p on
But initiation process is weird. I graduated in Dec 2010, got a letter saying I was eligible, but never got more info.
they proud to me
My biggest issues w/ Wayne, SB400 (more importantly taking responsibility) & not supporting Megans Law (before it was Megans Law)
RT : RT : Idk You? I know everybody gonna be at endless to see twerk team
Chillin waiting on time 2 be up on my C+ vitamin masque/AHA fruit masque.Just gave myself a much needed facial.My skin been acting up lately
Bro what you on after school
oh that's just the tip o' the iceberg... but it's a start.
did you call in or were you there in person?
Happy Birthday to auto racing icon:
... mental snapshot at least, I hope!
Rudy Gay. Stoic. Calm. Silent killer
Going to a crawfish boil today! You wouldn't recognize me.
ouch! And yes, the incentives are all messed up in the U.S. healthcare system, and there's no easy fix in sight.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 85
Cereal servings LIE. They flat out LIE.
girl where u at talking about 3for1...thats too good to be true
I love that new carpet smell.
S/o to we ouchea at 1800 bar chillen
: You bet your ass I am!
we'll see... we missed a day
3-run pinch hit home run by David Murphy. Go Rangers!
after living in San Diego for 10 yrs I am convinced that SD radio sucks
Your premium brand had better be delivering something unique, or it is not going to get the business.
People Make Me A BItch Out Here Because I am Not Mad Enough To Upset Myself
Hmm, getting all of our followers tweets but had to re-follow some of them.. anyone know why??
Feel like my twitter was just stalked on that last tweet😒
Thrilled as always when you stop in. Hope you caught all the Bomb Upgrades.
they hope more than expect - I guess. It's funny tho'. :)
Would you share a link to one?
Dr Oz #greensmoothie this morning. Not bad!
amen to that
Its. 4am, I gotta be up for work in less than 4 hours.
The Amazing Race is still one of the only TV shows I bother to watch.
Germs are everywhere. Handwashing is the No. 1 way to prevent the spread of disease. Wash hands. Save lives. Repeat!
All Kentucky fans own peacocks
“:don't forget to see the Boyz k!!!, I know will not you love them 2
Ha! Loved it.
i believe nothing.
glad you enjoyed it, true it would of been nice if we won
Selling #usbeef in east troy today with will. He's up 12-0. Time 2 catch up
it's that time of year ...
RT : "Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage." - Charles Luckman
I think sumbody took her phone...smh
chilling fam what's good?
Talk to me my Twitter soldiers: who is funny that I should follow?
: Love the feed from #IPY2012. Thanks for the insightful play-by-play!
I'm planning to go to talk at 2. Maybe meet up later tonight?
full album/EP soon
Too many days off with nothing to do.
your so lucky!
On the Metro North and almost home to spend the weekend w/ my parents in NY. Been a long time since I've been back to Montrose.
Light yo front door up
When your basketball games get canceled <<
are you doing a promotiom for your bobble day, like Ax had last year?
LOL! I hope those are your pants. A new LLC? Awesome! I saw the guide you created, nice job there. Cologne? Oh no...
No, but I might ask about your post-hole experience later this summer... Sorry.
I wish but I bet she doesn't even notice me -.-
#NAEP Science -- Writing is critically important in science. Only 15% of students had complete responses on science writing task.
u sexy af
What the deal with these new rappers?..
what are you hoping to get for it?
My mom would disagree. I'm up every day @ 5 and go to bed at 1. I'm not moving from my bed until noon.
Savor the strength you gain from accomplishing those small, specific goals that are the building blocks of your dreams.
I need to pick up the Tron Legacy Soundtrack as soon as possible.
sure does!! And the Twolves, Vikings and Twins! #BAH! lol
Job-estimates are meaningless to people who have jobs, and similarly to ppl who don't. Only individual situations matter
Happy glorious Wednesday to you! Hope today went well for you.
you can if you want to but you only have to do one. It will count towards your 200 tweets though!
Some1 asked me if I thought they were good enough. I told them you ALWAYS know you are good enough when bullies show up.
Ok, forget the anathemas. Let's just forget I-I entirely. Praise the Lord for all three Star Wars films!
so ready to go to Orlando...Miami is CRAZY!!!
80 hair pins from last night
Still have a Boflex for sale if anyone is interested.
"For everyone who asks, receives. Everyone who seeks, finds. And to everyone who knocks, the door will be opened." Matthew 7:8
There are about a 100 things I'd do differently.
why do people say "grow a set of balls"?Balls are Weak And Sensitive,If u Really Wanna Get Tough!,Grow a Vagina!,those can take a Pounding!
I'm hotter then a candle
I have been a fan since the start and will be a fan till the end. Follow me!
I ain't never had someone like you this all new shit
dude, you gotta think ahead.
Can't wait for my next adventure!
In a mood and feeling confused... The times I need a magic 8-Ball!
hahaha right! And I was thinking about Rita's but idk...
so weird madison and i are eating pzza tongith! :D
Had a good day yesterday. Rounding up the celebration with pizza with my family tonight. :)
perhaps all that manipulation isn't necessary
Thank you for saying "snot" at the Grammys. You know what snotty snotty...you won that party! Congrats! You deserved it.
On my way to Awards Gala.
#RVA #AmzgRz #VCNVA Donate to Virginia Conservation Network. Double your dollars!
They got 2chainz in here !
jus made a twitter page plz help me get some followers plzz
bro is that the cover on your avi?
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never.
I keep meaning to. Maybe this will give me the push I need to finish the column!
what is the best place to stay in Galveston? ( with kids)
We have a few spots left for the Nov 18 Beer Olympics. Awesome prizes. Grab 4 friends and sign up!
lol sure jk jk....what do u watch then on cable this late? ")
Save money, and print with us.... Contact us today for more info and pricing. 4074864387
Looking for the Hotties of San Diego? Look on www.WhereTheHottiesAt.com. See if your bar or club has been rated!
Thank you as well, all the best!
Vanni Holiday is in the house!
I was born modest; not all over, but in spots.
Best feeling ever, being able to say that.. Thank you, God. So much. <3
Nothing happened to Ben's. Tim is about to become a vegetarian. But you're gonna miss the after spot hours.
Brutal hit on Spezza. Hard to measure, but just anecdotally, feel like this playoffs has been more violent than in years past
- If you don't need a cell network, the newest Asus running Win7 is amazing. If you do need cell, newest Samsung Galaxy Tab.
lol oops I got the cops on the phone now they wanna kno where to pick you up at
Oh and I watched my boy Freaky Tah keep it 100 til the grave
Excited For New Jonas Album 28
“: smoking indoors is disgusting in Vegas. gross #thirdworldcountry”
call me...
Honestly if we have plans and you told me youd text me then don't text me all day.... I'm looking for different plans
And I need to set my anger free.
It's fucked up crack day!!!!
We should trend
whoopi is a woman?
Just wanna be with you :/
Spent past two days at virtual AAM - lots of great speakers, conversation, ideas! Send me links to your favorite museum-based AR projects.
Whatever Jay. #Cards defense is just that good. They take teams out of their offense
bhahaha I get it now. That's insane!
Coffee and cigarettes are the only things keeping me sane anymore.
Long that you are comfortable w/ yourself, healthy & happy.. That's the most important thing RT
Wine should be sold in bigger bottles so there would be some leftover for lunch
As it should
This quote changes a lot if you have a condition where you read "ofs" as "ons."
60% of my projects are saving web sites that were being built by inexperienced developers, taking on more than their skillset.
didn't they at least have to give him a shot at the complete game?
Today's Get Energized tip: Avoid placing lamps or televisions near the air-conditioning thermostat.
no way
Hi Rose! Love ya!
No, I understand. A COMPLETE mess is something you can edit. Congratulations!
Shout out to the honorable Ondarwey Julian
There you go, flauntin' your *literacy* again. *sigh*
Reinstalled Spotify after a good 4-5 months. Nice to see it's gotten better than when I deleted the app.
huzzah for my theater performance in two hours
Is Kyle French related to you?
Knowledge is the distilled essence of our institutions, corroborated by experience. -Elbert Hubbard
Glad you like them
Happy Birthday Bob Marley!!!
When they say get em I'm get em.
Oh, shot! Look at the moon.
Favorite Jingle Friday! The Folgers jingle has been featured in almost every advertisement since 1984 and, in its many renditions, has...
Not used to this place. Sleeping on the floor. :(
Yea im addicted 2 a drug money n working cnt stop 2 much banz yu feel
Bring afrobeat back to Castle Clinton!!
516- your username is so nice!!!! i love demi :) and bella is sucha pretty name! ♥
Come learn about (center for the book) Sat. Whitney Rm presenting
It's probably about time for a new ipod
Jimmy Clausen has several fake IDs so he can get numerous free birthday meals at Denny's throughout the year
How is it that the entire venetian smells like a freshly cleaned bathroom except the freshly cleaned bathrooms that reeks of stale urine
It should be a good day. The sun is shining, and the Son is shining!!! :)
very nice! So we might see you tonight then.
Oh that's cool. Don't text me for months, and than when you need something you act all buddy buddy with me
when did u become such a fabulous photographer?!?!
Not loving 90′s R&B music is number three on the “Oh No-Nos” list.
All BBW do is go to dinner and gossip, stop acting like girls!
Thanks Glen! I love our team - are rock stars.
1962: Last time SD elected a sitting Councilmember to Mayor -- same year George Christopher served as the LAST Republican Mayor of SF.
2 things learned from making a library survey: how to make it better next time, be more transparent in general and with results.
1 year after death of OBL World Trade Center reclaims its place. When it comes to good vs. evil some things don't change. Thank God for that
is it a compliment when a complete stranger calls me "MAMA"? :P
Ha ha, well we had to try. We hear the A4 and the Sportage make a lovely couple.
Fellas, if you saw a fine chick as a patient in the hospital, would you holla at her? Lol
u love me right?
Viewing "We ♥ our Workplace” video contest submission - nothing like a good chair race!
Don't try, DO! :D RT : I'll try and roll through, thanks!
I think my viewers would love some tips. Bbq. Holiday.
President Obama speaking from
RT : EVERYBODY FOLLOW THE BEAUTIFUL aw #teamkerikrews are dope! xoxoxo
where u go now?
It's pretty desolate in the library, but that doesn't bother this #saturdaylibrarian, because my parents are on their way to visit!
I know:/ He is just soo so amazing <3
Le Pen mocks Sarkozy bid to woo far-right
Did they talk endlessly about 20th Century learning until about 1940? Yes, we know it is 21st century. Let's give it a rest already.
They told me to take this shit out on protools.
Sexually frustrated /:
it's because of that MTV true life show last night
Finally watched #Shift video. Nice! I ordered a copy of the book but there was a shipping snafu and now I have to wait...
We've been thinking of taking on a female sidekick. Hired.
Friday night favors! Poppin off right now! Make your way to 330 birch st. Brea,ca. Happy birthday !
good night
Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!
I hope this is not bad!! #impatient #hurry #
Now watch us turn it up
Thanks man, I appreciate your comment.....
BEAUTIFUL here in Liberty NY! Doing the morning show tomorrow on from 7 to 9am! Can't wait!
"Can we as publishers be both author-lead and customer-lead?" Victoria Barnsley
Hi Teeety! Welcome to twitter. 😳
What do you buy a guy that has everything?
when I was 9 I enjoyed aladdin so much....And at 19 I still do.
I rather be single din be in a relationship with a dumb broad
spent the last 2 hours getting my social media life together adding I am hoping that my tweets will now show up on face book
What a rough afternoon!! Feeling better now!! ;) ah yes!!
I wish people would just leave me the fuck alone today
ADELE FTW!!! I hope she wins every category she's nominated in!
thats why we are here“: I wonder if the PM peeps thought one pic would generate this much banter
haha sounds good and we will see about that
We appreciate it Kim! Thanks so much!
It's weird seeing the blonde side of my family.
also, why was I not "following" you before? (and how didn't I realize it?) WEIRD.
The ego is your self-image; it is your social mask; it is the role you are Your social mask thrives on approval. It wants control...
hey, what's up?
Y r Evansvilles local Commercials so unprofessional looking and this background music/singers ITS REALLY BAD LIKE WATCHING OLD PORN WTF
RT : CNN special this Saturday at 2:30pm ET. Music, tech, & movies...everything that makes amazing.
oo, tried to do track workout tonight (just some recovery). leg cramps, etc. taking it down a notch
- you should come - you'd love it... Tons of places to do handstands... And of course there's me :-)
I need AP Testing to get here already so I can start skipping -.-
Christopher Leigh Blues fans Jam night @ Cooley Lake Inn Ap 1st 7pm - 11pm 8635 Cooley Lk. Rd. Commerce, MI Host Band ---> Broken Arrow <---
Sometimes a girl keeps going back to a guy who treats her bad, because she's not ready to give up hope that maybe someday he'll change.
My name is Amy and I'm glad to be here! Have a nice day
Ha yeah
listening from matt's hometown, middlesboro ky. Wish i was in NOLA or Lex.my 1st title&idk how it gets better
Swim Trunks? CHECK!
Like everyone picked, Harden is Sixth Man of the Year
I just did my first QR code- hi My name is Jenny and I'm behind in the times!
Anybody think would make a good spokesperson for the anti testing and driving campaign.
RT I got rid of TV a long time ago. How many friends have you met by watching TV?<but, but, but...
There's always that one thing that ends a conversation b/c it gets too akward....that life for ya...
I've been to Helnsinki - it is extremely beautiful & surprisingly clean. (same city architects as St. Petersburg, Russia)
Thank you and ! Ya'll keep the names of important black feminists coming!
And i don't even have a boyfriend
OMG...that's my very favorite saying of all in the Bible
I just think he's incorrect about swtor
i thought seriously bout it
This Friday at #Notte we are Honoring all upcoming College Graduates w/ Free entry and Drink specials ALL NIGHT
you don't get time to use the hotel gym? I don't belong to a gym, so travel is kind of a treat.
celebrates herself tonight
- Thanks for the retweet, Bob! I appreciate it.
Thanks for the RT & the follow! Looking forward to hearing more from you. Cheers!
You know why it's hard to be happy? Because you find it hard to let go of the things that make you sad.
good thing the NCAA Tourney isnt played in Bloomington
Great inning by the #Rangers time for Feliz to finish strong!
EVERYONE PLZ FOLLOW US!!!!We will start posting videos soon.:D
RT : RT : Young Professionals Week is here. Please RT and spread the word.
Just realized I've been eating turkey bacon so long I forgot what real bacon tastes like.
So it's basically the vs. Holiday.
Def gonna buy chronicle when it comes out on dvd.so live
- doesn't bother me in the least.
agreed. It demonstrates a different kind of research, something I've tried to push in some of my courses--reading/writing streams
Holy crap
RT RT : Fdtn today; like what I'm hearing: "A high-quality educational experience is a civil right."
this is wonder girl, she's everyone's dream; but things aren't always what they seem..
Great first show over the weekend. Thanks to BuriedBeds and Joshua Marcus. Next up, LP release show, TBA.
We missed You Marcus, I am Happy Your are coming back! Luv Ya!
NEW BAND DEBUT TONIGHT 10pm
Vanessa, Becky, and Mychael are all here tonight. Come by and see us!!!
we have a coffee truck too!
After late arrowhead, CAB, and the Onalfo years, it feels really good to see the team play this well.
BOOM! RT : Scissors beats paper. Paper beats rock. Rock beats scissors...And LOVE beats Cancer ?
Especially on the iPhone, evidently.
I enjoyed it very much - nice to meet you, and good luck!
Lauren G Adams Jewelry was a huge hit this weekend! Hurry in for Charm Bracelets, Necklaces, and Earrings, all going fast!
At the #CEN Country Manager #e-invoicing Conference in #Zagreb. About to start!
There is always a soft spot in my heart for you, even when you've done wrong, even when you've let me down, even when you couldnt care less.
Cool, man. In kind, I'll offer a VERTIGO tour of San Francisco. That is, if you like VERTIGO.
“If you have no character to lose, people will have no faith in you”
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID
Watching "Contraband" this movie is giving me agita...tense.
Oct. 27 @ 702 Fearless Fearless, Save The Hero, Almost Normal, Fear The Brave, Amoride, $10
is making music history right now. 4 albums on holding down 2 spots on the
It's TEBOW TIME!! would you agree the 2nd half has been better?
talk all about this in 2nd half of ch8. the defense can bring up SD as their strategy, and prosecution can then present
#ufc 132 tonight! Come watch on one of our 30 flat screen tv's. Great drink specials all night.
basketball all weekend in Lexington....its not a true reunion without all the original members
I'm looking forward to set up today. Feels like a good day to get some stuff done.
Tucson pedestrian deaths/injuries nearly double - KOLD-TV Tucson pedestrian deaths/injuries nearly double KOLD-TV AP Entertainment News V
next year for sure though! And check out SageCoach! It's a country fest in Cali
totally didn't mean to RT that...they didn't mention what church in Marion though, did they?
Thanks for coming down, it was awesome catching up! Let's build some quadcopters!
ATSU-KCOM students in #Joplin are well and assisting in the efforts to triage at Freeman.
Why does sex sell so well?
follow me
“: hey buddy hows vegas?? Long time no see”great ill be home for Xmas
sounds good
RT if you believe teacher unions speaking out against the Castle Doctrine directly affects our Wisconsin students. #Wiunion (cc: )
": The worst: 'all men are capital B!' " Befuddled? Broken? Big-Boned?
So, so delicious. #LiveonKOMO is amazing. :)
dude you should do guest vocals on new album
shoutout to alexa?! And ask him if he gets special attention in school
I might pick up a new one soon. I know a guy who can get candies and they are fucking amazing
Every time I hear about religious organizations accepting government money, I hear General Akbar: "It's a trap!" Gov $ = gov control
there's never anyone there, it's a great hidden treasure
Don't have numbers but believe majority owned by schools. Apple never expected it when they released iPad 1...
a question I've asked of workflowy which they've just added with the pro account!
The special HTC Wildfire S accessories cases or covers, in order that they could help you to use the cell phone for a longer period.
Anyone else watch Smash last night? There was a tea drawer, tea offered and music. I could get used to this!
Glad that Gigantic Brewing opened in deep SE - spread the wealth Beervana!
can you #SAVETAY? She's still grounded and for nothing at that.
2012 NFL season schedule in an hour, cannot wait!
Just spoke at a class of about 30 students at #URI. Great moment, lost of great questions and interest.
Loving my online classes this semester. Now I can keep selling houses!
Ninja warrior is to FUN!!
Fans in the Ft Pierce area...get over to Fenn Center and join us at the Ft Pierce Chili Cook-off.
I know I bother you everyday but OMG. You and your dog are such cuties!(x Love you<3
seen THG...when is golf?
See also: Aoki RT : Ishikawa is truly awful. Just a fastball, right down the middle.
ouch! I still remember the hr+ of live C.Lo rambling on the air to you in what, 95?
We had some tech difficulties this morning but we're back online now. Thanks to everyone for bearing with us!
Sounds like a dish at Hue. lol.
#YOLO is an excuse for skanks to be skanks.
Where's the "choice?" RT : Vevo doesnt want to tell you what to do, they want to give people platform choices
Victor Cruz..amazing
Awesome. Thanks!
#STYLEGIBBERISH "YOUR STYLE HAS NO BOUNDARIES, BUT YOUR FASHION SHOULD"
Just got a bunch of updates done on the #CPCT website. Phew!
Making a manageable list for the garden store so I don't go insane there.
Lmao, but we on twitter doe, so its cool :P
I know...way too fast.
Making the choice to help others is most rewarding
damn thats where i'm headed to right now...
My note made my mom cry. :')
RIP #JimDuffy, you made Nickelodeon 90's cartoons the epitome of my childhood
RT : Happy birthday marchyyy. I heart you.
no you deserve it! :)
"The app really works great for me for practicing lines while on the go."
Hey yo where my shout out dawg
I was pregnant in my dream last night... Yeah, that's right. #wtf #wheresfreudwhenyouneedhim?!
Yeah so hey Justin, I miss those random CHUCK NORRIS MOMENTS. <3 & I just full around miss....you
hay wats up
What a great day of classes! And in just 2 days we go from arctic to tropic-like weather. Enjoy the weekend.
In year since dbw11, so much has changed yet many of the same questions remain.
Thanks. Good presentation.
RT Wednesday is wine day: ALL Washington wine 50% off at Icon
can i please get a follow back:)
Dude i wasnt that drunk , dude you were in my pool trying to find nemo .
May is the best month for sports
New restaurant: Awful Falafel Waffles.
I hope the photo of George Zimmerman that's all over the news isn't his Match profile pic. It's so unflattering.
I would give you some muffins but I can't... 😢
today is picture day.... (:
i dare you to Favorite this and to follow me<3 :)
lol. i'm so rude, it's not even funny.
keep trying, just keep clicking!
Minority pop growth accounted for 92% of US pop growth in 2000s. - Dan Lichter presidential address
I'm having major #alcide withdrawls
Obstacles are like wild animals. They are cowards but they will bluff you if they can. If they see you are afraid of them? they are liabl...
One hour until Washed Out () takes the stage at #IngenuityFest!
hudson came home in the middle of that night and said, "julie! you did it again!"
ahah I've listened to One direction and obviously JB before but never heard of reece mastin :) Thanks:)
To be fair, I'm constantly telling people "This guy cowote your favorite song, you just didn't read the liner notes."
Smooch the pooch!!! Happy Valentine's Day!!!
that's what u are suppose to Do ➡➡➡ never⬅⬅⬅ but hit me up u light skin bastard
ONE DIRECTION GAY?! PSHH. THEY ARE AS STRAIGHT AS LOUIS' FINGER WHEN HE'S HIGH.
Is anyone else experiencing really odd Twitter behavior this week?
Still this is a pretty hurtful article.
Massive cravings for crab based dips.
If I have to hear any more Skrillex before this weekend's over, I'm definitely shaving my head into a weird half-mullet.
Cutting up your own writing is highly satisfying ;)
pin:28E1C83D New BlackBerry
Trey Songz, marry me
I expected a loss tonite. Long ass game, travel & bullpen spent. Didn't expect Matusz to suck this bad or Berken either.
Working underground in the library on a warm sunny Monday, you started my day off right. Cue chair dancing...
Are you saying that I'm NOT a clever bot?
wait until we make you do the paddle crawl... fyi coach slaps the hardest
Oh that's how you feel ma, that's really how you feel.
OMG #ME3 demo is such a teaaaasseee!! I can't wait!
follow me, tryin to up followers 1 at a time :P Ill spread the word about this foundation!
I VOLUNTEER FOR VENTING
his grandma said he was pretty as a penny
On a field trip with my son's school at the 12th World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates at UIC Forum in Chicago.
Jus burned my tough
fangirl moment when you realize is following you, I love his songs! Thanks for the follow (:
We honor those who don’t have the freedom to realize their own light by refusing to live in the dark.
Live each day as if everyone loves you because self-delusion is underrated as a coping mechanism.
Looking forward to NYC wknd w/
Adventure Time ^__^
When the moon hits the sky like a big pizza pie...
That pizza looks CRAY good!
Damn my phone finna die 0_o
ok bed time fwahuipd
I've always used Personal Brain PC software which has great features, but I look forward to trying these. Thanks for link.
All I can say is thank you for the attention :)
They tryna shut my label down
The RIG Region 7 AOS Panel is now taking a five minute break.
and can Cena top himself from what he did last night for the next 6 weeks?
Thanks! It is a very complex film I made, so much underlying tension btwn those two! Ps. So much fun skyping w/you!
I can't even watch it...have yet to ever watch a complete replay.
yupp. and u should! wear ur makeup too haha u gonna look fancyy
Great show tonight--felt like getting to see an MCA touring show in a tiny space.
I want new weave
im so over this whole school thing
Of course.
Almost completely clear where I'm at. How's the weather on your end?
im a cool cat at the sober valley lodge
The same love that makes me laugh, makes me cry.
“: I have a vase filled with purple tulips to inspire me as I work. Nature is so inspiring! #ubusensations” <= Sounds nice
didnt know there was a title change. look forward to the flick meng!
Attending the chapter Exec Retreat NY
I've gotten with 2 of them..and 1 was kinda prude..the other is a whore
You think you are perfect.? Tell me more on why I should even give a flying fuck.
Sixers scored more than 100 pts. Almost time for my free Big Mac
"When you realize you've been standing in shit, you don't stomp on it to punish it, you just scrape it off and walk away."
Why do spam profiles follow me?
I suspect that my bookie is a huge fan of Brandon League.
#FF Awesome artists to follow! Have an awesome weekend!!
Are you IN? If not, go to barackobama.com right now and join!
All the turkeys done. Time to go wash the smell of 300 fried turkeys and oil off....lol
Stupid bitch! Do your fucking job instead of just flirting
I know, right? We just found out about this crazy thing called the interweb, and apparently people have been using it for years!
Everyone head on over to our facebook to check out the sick EP artwork we just posted! Let us know what you think!
I got enough money to get to la. But dont have enough for fair reserve money and deposit for place. Dammitt. Lol
LoveVoodoo is sponsoring SlutWalk DC - in our nation's capitol - tomorrow 11-4. Join us in the walk and then afterwards at our booth.
WANT A NEW FOLLOWER? Follow , they're following everyone RIGHT BACK! And tweet them if you live in Ohio!!!!
Oh! Total shoutout to the parent of a kid that knew what Malley's Chocolates was. :D
Breakfast yum ;D <3
When weeding, to make sure you remove a weed and not a valuable plant, pull on it. If it comes out of the ground, its a plant.
sixers couldn't of played worse tonight. Bad decisions down the stretch by Lou killed them
*breaks something in a store* backs away slowly like nothing happened >_>
Your mom is kinda cooler than you...
"it's important for plaxico burris to play for a team that wins. And we win. A lot." - steelers backup qb byron leftwich
Had a nice nap! :)
Actually, the one night before is because it's for Sabbath and I can't cook on the Sabbath so it all has to be done beforehand.
I have decided I want to move to Maine when i grow up!! For now i will enjoy summer vacation in Virginia though :((
Sometimes good people do bad things
So. Nurse sent me home cause of my eye. Doctor at 11
here here!
yea she's gorgeous (wink wink) but i don't think i have any ill double check..
woe is me.. man i miss that.
hey thanks so much for the s..o on #ya!flash. the premise for tick-tock sounds great! how's #diablo3?
Okay just got off the phone.... probably won't talk to her for another month or two.... but at least i figured out the schedule....
With an appointment letter in hand, I'm happy to say officially that I'll be returning to #Marist College for a fourth year.
awe ur the best
I got money in these jeans so they fit my kinda snug...
The Conservatory is open from 10am-5pm Dec 24th!
Thank you for all of the #FF <3
Agree! RT : 1hr of extra sleep tonight won't be worth the loss of daylight. Oh well. I'll get thru it......somehow.
can u follow me?
#ShockingNerlensAnnouncement Nappy boys AIN'T gonna be okay.
Fuck that new girl that you like so bad <3
Nowhere to go for a jog where we are staying and it looks like a mcDs breakfast is in my future
Happy New Year!
I don't know if you all are aware of this but MASS EFFECT 3.
well...that game sucked.
The 4th was awsome! Great BBQ awsomes fireworks in banks. What more could i have asked for?
haha gramma? I'm pretty sure I'm the youngest out of all of brandis friends
thanks so much for checking us out! We also have a 60% off merch & music sale going on right now :)
If you're cheering at the #BostonMarathon today, or any race, stick around for the slower runners. We really appreciate the crowd support!
exactly why this is just depressing
If you are tweeting from the Empowered to Connect Conference, be sure to use the #ETC11 hashtag.
“: picking wedgies during practice cause you're fearless and you honestly could care less #athleticgirlprobz”
Time to spark a blunt and have a Game of Thrones marathon with Amy and !
bahaha I would too! You totally should. Go to 2fers tomorrow and go crazy!
If anyone wants to follow us personally, follow or convince to start using Twitter.
Book two of the summer, done.
I think this is the first (and last) time I've every watched MSNBC.
but they did a few weeks ago.
Right back at ya! xo
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid ...i remember not understanding life and always thought impossible was possible ..and i still embrace that
Truly missing my bed...😞
The die has been cast. What work the tool provided actually accomplishes, we'll see.
Game birds are commonly hung out to dry!
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited, or erased. It can only be accepted.
Everything is coming together so brilliantly until I realize the timing is a little off....shit!!!!
