Congrats now I get a discount
acids were my shiz in hs
Health Perks of 8 Italian Foods At Piccolo Chef we teach kids that Italian food is GOOD FOR YOU when eaten authentically!...
strong I know it is hard, micheal no longer here and he still cant rest.
👏👏👏 At least someone understands “: Niggas these days dont treat ladies how they are supposed to.”
Join us this Saturday for a special St. Patty's Day Party W/ opening set by: Plz RT
Looking forward to seeing the results of the hackathon cc
Seriously need to get in on this walking tour business. Seattle tourists love a walking tour.
I love when I look down and see my mustache!
Cole is there till ten (called out for prom), I'm here till nine. She's closing alone.
If you are a female and listen to any kind of death metal or death core you are automatically 10x more attractive than the average girl.
Went to Culver's to eat our VTine's dinner. Such juicy good butter burgers.
but we are. Just a little further. And now when you visit, there's beach involved.
Then goin to the mall
I met chuck during a commercial shoot. He is extremely short and wears too much makeup.
Lol BT...yea they stomped him. Nice concept there but wrong artist to do it with.
what's wrong? Hope you are ok.
Shot out to. Mute. Mag an my legendary squad!
for the love of god hit a free throw
Thanks Kat! "Selling as Coaching" is like Landmark's "Enrollment" - get in their world & seeking what's impt to them
we all bunch of cacklin hens...lol we can agree 2 disagree!
they talk but don't have they ask cause they don't know but has what don't show im me why want more?
Almost time!! #Nascar :-)
Yup it is my FIFA 12! I'm about to "accidentally" drown those stupid kids!
i love you ari! I really hope you see this ! Im invisible to u :( If I see this please tweet me back ! Xoxo take care (: <3
I remember when I got my bwaces off. ;)
awe I miss Abbi! :(
Bout to go eat.
Graduation, hurry up.
Yeah, but then I don't have any nice mobile apps.
You get points for every repetition or distance achieved. Whoever has the most points at the end of your contest wins.(www.StudliestMan.com)
Dang these girls just caught a flat I tried to help but apparently my jack is just for my type cars.
About to spend the night with a #goddess. Gotta love
To the boys who lie your the reason girls are afraid of their true beauty, it all stated with a few words "I don't think your pretty"
thanks Craig for the #wine answer for preservation
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. - Jim Rohn
Last day of vacation, movies, couch <3
#ifonlyicould hurt you like how you hurt me.. But even if I got the chance, I wouldn't do it.
come put me to bed :)
- Awesome, must have been a great tour!
I hope that for everyone's sake that emotions and threats are taken out of it and the law is properly applied whatever the outcome
"Wealth is of the heart & mind not the pocket."
OMG! It's brilliant. Great to see u last night and yr daughters r lovely C u in Idy soon, glad ur excited.
Time to break out the Remetees and Limelight. Braun innocent
Part 10 will either be up tonight or right when i wake up tomorrow! thanks for the support guys! ily!
i learned the greatest relationship advise today.. never gonna forget it
Yawwnnn.. Days like these make me discombobulated
We don’t stop playing because we grow old, we grow old because we stop playing. -George Bernard Shaw (thx Kim Crumpler)
My mom is asleep on the couch, I sneeze, she wakes up and says 'Bless you,' then goes back to sleep.... Umm ok then...
Can't hold back the tears...
White Knoll is only team in losers bracket that pulled out a District Championship tonight. They beat Irmo twice 14-2 then 5-4. Congrats!
Hi Dan!!! I know it's early, but this series for the at will tell you if the contend all summer or not.
looking for a gf anyone interseted
It is nerve wracking tho, to not see sales in the beginning. But then it starts, and there is a tidal wave.
badger's 'chuck it' answer to zone will lose them the game
lol.I meant I didn't get in as in there weren't any open spots left for the class XD..i hate hw but I know im gonna get a lot
In the Queen`s den watching a movie!I,
how was your day??(: I hope that it was better then mine cud I didn't feel good
There's always Pizza Port.
Marry me?? hah yes, im coming up Friday morning
TIME TO TAKE OUR SEAT BACK AT THE TABLE
make an old acct into noah
don't know Rowan. Should I?
A hug is a great gift - one size fits all, and it's easy to exchange =))
Rock County Dispatch tells NBC 15 there has been a bus crash with injuries at South River Road and Happy Hollow Road near Janesville.
#FrenchQuarterFestival here I come!!
"half of all Americans don’t pay Federal income #taxes, but they think they do because #FICA deducts for #Medicare and #SocialSecurity."
Watching Tropical Storm Erika predictions...go away, I say...go AWAY!
That sounds unusual. Which item are you looking at? Could u email us at and we'll look into it. Thanks
thats what's up! Same to you bro!!
- You Rock girl! Hope all is well...
Free car wash day in Baltimore!
Yeah we got 8 of 85 songs recorded (:
Watched 3 times already. RT CBS Sports Network will be replaying the Louisville/Florida game at midnight.
Nigga tell me why you dont talk to anyone anymore
#WhitneyHouston Celebrating the life, and music of an icon with CNN today
It's a great place to go to college. Good luck! Let me know if you need any advice.
Anyone who is interested in doing business be warn that you will have to deal with so much that no one will understand.
Girl, I love you, but watching you freak out over a ghost is funny :)
I've done gymnastics all my life an have always had ugly hands, now tht I'm a dancer I have ugly feet too.
I think a lot of profs believe it's just for pop culture, but there are SO many resources & scholarship! Love it.
Jim Rohn~ Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Come to think of it, my favorite part of the Katrina exhibit at the was the NWS statement. Strong and direct language
Singing in the Times Square Disney Store with my other Theatre Major having friends too much fun ...
Auction item signed football just went for $400 at the auction! Yay for the animals!
The affection, that's how. Also, they smell like home to me.
hey nm! just the same work work work, u
“Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as he pleases.”
"You gotta lick it before you dip it." Bahahaha
There u go drose
Sometimes it feels good to block assholes from your party. Again, thanks for the tip.
Austin got his braces already?! wow..i'm sloww
i left deland high for the rest of this year, i miss being locker buds with you and rosey </3
We need another HR. All the cheers scared off the seagulls for a good minute
My day was going fine -_-
Why'd I have a throbbing headache running down my arm earlier & swear I was having some kind of aneurysm. Turns out my scarf was too tight.
idts, but did you finish that class work???
I'm thinking sometime this summer, we go to michigan city to the beach!
welcome back ps3 my ass!
Pretty much the most perfect day. I really needed one of those...
talks "prolonged grief disorder" or is it "grieve as deeply as you loved" (panelist quote) A rt. amount of time?
Totally see your point with once you name some, you should name all.but for me I worry people will miss the larger view
How much do you love your job on a scale of 1-10? (10 being you love it so much you wouldn't care getting paid in Trident Layers gum)
Idk why that wasn't the main event. The other matches they have even rock and cena wont even touch that
my mom better bring me a milkshake back.
i hate when people say tumbling is there life when they go 2 times a week. try going everyday. then it literally is your life!
Thank you!!! I'm still totally in shock. :D :D :D
Bunch of drunk fools watching Planet Earth. 🍻🍃💂
I love when im under estimated
Nice AB there. Even though Pedro was 0-22, many of the ABs were of quality unlike his previous hitless streaks the last couple of years.
Every one of your pics deserves to be hanging in a museum of fine art Belle! Rembrandt shouldve painted your portrait!
I just reached 20 followers(:
Ya nigga on his grind he aint got time to cheat he getting tht money fa both yall no time to creep
Please remember we don't accept plastic bags in our single stream recycling. If you have shredded paper, please put it in a paper bag.
“ “ Please cry me a river… so I can swim around and laugh in it””
Nope. Bad ankle.
Went from being "Flash" to styrofoam cream cheese...
i need to get my day started .
there are a few people i wouldnt mind throwing in a litter boxx.
The more I get to know men the more i love my dog
3AM, because going to sleep at 2AM is for nerds.
not a lot to ask but somewhere falls short lol
haha, I hope that's not true :) what industry are you in?
Forgot how good Sopranos was...Adriana's FBI vomit scene on TV.
4123... History first...
twitter is fun and all, but you guys should like us on facebook! it's easier to talk to you all :)
Midterms are creeping up on me. Didn't we just start school? So out of it.
week and a half i think
I'm in here smelling like piss and dis class isn't over until 5
Well fuck you than you dumb ratchet bitch .
three different data migrations. preparing for second in april, final migration scheduled for june. hope to go live in summer
Spanish Fly Sunday Daylife -- its a must! Who's coming to induldge in some poolside action and SHOTS!?
*Washing Car* Friend: Sup dude, you washing your car? Me: No... I'm watering it to see if it grows into a bus.
bro! Do me a biggie?!?
I'm out. Later peeps!
Go ahead, say it: "If the Mittens don't fit ..."
is partnering with #farmers , #chefs , #souschefs , #linecooks , #packagers , #shippers, #bicycledeliverymen &
So now they're traffic directors?
if mas sleeping come downstairs
Happy to you as well!!
What a gorgeous day! It's time to get back on the golf course - any followers on the range today?
oh okay. That Smirnoff probly frozen.
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive. Dalai Lama
oh boy.
I reinvent everyday its always somethin good and new and live! Living to the fullest
Why will my body not let me sleep until 4 am or later.
FLATS! we wanna do em! haha
Glad you guys are okay. And thanks for the warm welcome back to Twitter. LOL
Oh my god I just wanna go home. Or to Cane's.
I am thinking of starting an anonymous Twitter account solely to quote my mother-in-law.
Attending helpful #WOMMA webinar on proposed changes to #FTC online disclosure guidelines
Looking though family photos w/ your kids is a great way to bond; also connects them to far-away relatives & friends.
When twitter tells you that you can't follow
are you drunk? RT “: Do you believe ghosts exist?” Yes
#Warriors are jump shooting team. Wont make the playoffs but they will have a night like this.
i need to choose my friends more wisely
when i order from #amazon now i say its a gift and write AMAZON WORKERS! UNIONIZE! in the free gift message.
. I hope you are right about the Colts tickets and fans. That would be great.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. Mother Teresa
Houseboat sale leads to arrest of Mountain Home man | NWAonline
LOVE.“: When Cory Booker appears to jump in the air it is actually the earth fleeing his approach #CoryBookerStories”
NH's AG's office #InnerFire isn't half as strong as #Chadevans2 supporters. #Wronglyconvicted & in prison for over 10yrs, what #injustice!!!
Best part of rehearsals? Watching what goes on after hours with #KINFam I laughed way too damn hard
Nice, Taking notes! :) I was definitely thinking of getting the final cut - heard both good & bad about the newest version.
Ahh... Felt good to sleep in a little this morning after some very early mornings this week. Headed to Boise today. Long day of flying.
#NathanRyanNinjas al the way, bro!! :D<3
food tweet alrt: time for my 2nd hot dog in as many days. i'm giving this "mom and pop" plc in tkpk another shot at serving me real food...
long-distance hugs.
For sale in Harbor Village Pompano Beach 3500 Sq Ft Townhouse 4 bed 4 bath $ 349,000
I love my grandma's cooking :)
it's acoustic pop!! :)
RT This is great for #Entrepreneurs too.
My advice for the day: Do not buy an umbrella from a #DC street vendor. Injuries to yourself and surrounding pedestrians may occur.
thank you :) I love that I'm getting to help with shirts and banners! We need a ladies of SKC one!
from man w/Beasties as ring tone, u know this is sincere RT : So bummed re Adam Yauch (mca) from Beastie Boys passing today! RIP
#CELTICS on #Fire! #NBAPLAYOFFS are making fans emotional
and they gon ride his bandwagon again just like they did to get to this point nowadays.
Also, you're like the 3rd person in 24 hours to send that to me. What does that say about me?
Hi, SK Thx so much 4 fllwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
I'd rather be at Cipriani than in bed...
lets go get them !! :P
you can thank everyone that voted Barbra boxer back in great job
thank you! :)
I'll do ANYTHING 4 My Team!!!!!
i only get to look at it everyday haha, its not mine, I wish though haha
I agree haha! I have not had chipotle since I was a young child.Or 5 months ago...
Fina listen to DMX new tape
When me n have a convo females should listen cuz we say what ur man is to scared to say lol
thanks and congrats on new babe!
RT Iran: the biggest challenge awaiting us is the Friday's prayers with khameneyi and how we should react to it
ill teach you how to Duggy but that's it!
got my artwork placed in a store today!
NICE! GO RAMS! RT : 3 1 rams at the end of the first.
Wish you the best of luck. Love you <3
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.
I really wish one of the boyz will tweet me! I will be so happy if the ever do
Midtown is happy to welcome our new UMBC intern Nick Manuele.
ok great! that happens to me all the time. i'm not sure how to fix that!
Excited for the #NLC11 Opening Reception....coming by the booth 852..win prizes!!!!
I hope my teeth arnt sore tomorrow sense I got my wire changed.
Candidate for Secretary (Incumbent): Sara Keeth: Platform: open access to information, connectivity for grad students.
Don't feel like reading :(
Cleanliness is next to godliness in a dictionary missing some stuff.
so glad we connected and that you're on my radar!
somewhat obsessed with my google reader
We hope you enjoyed enjoyed it!
Death toll from severe cold spell in eastern Europe hits 58, many of them homeless - Washington Post
Final Cut Pro is back! Classes start May 8, so sign up today.
I hope Chris Brown wins an Award. He Deserves It....
Ah I can't even take off my cloths to take a shower, I hate being soar :(
I got more followers than tweets..smh
what's up?
Even after BO is out, we need to keep up the pressure to have Holder executed (figuratively, of course).
just pumped out another verse. im back
We're excited to have you! Good luck!
This Homework aint no Joke !
Tim Duncan is the man! Controlling this game
getting more work done at home in 4 hours than I get done between interruptions in 2 days at work
The line between "public" and "private" is blurred and makes informed consent obnoxiously difficult.
People sometimes have good intentions even when it doesn't seem so. Communication is filled with mis-communications.
The woman that carried me for nine months, the woman who worked her ass off for me, the woman i would die for and love dearly..
Here comes another storm. I feel it's approaching heavy moisture in every breath; and now I hear it thunder...
We leave for our New York City and Chicago trip in 5 days!
jackkiiiie :( you can always talk to me. <3 haha
is that good? Never seen it. I'm watching trailer park boys. Lol
he is sensible and so incredible.
Ring dings and patron
Thanks, but I perfer the 2010 episode hosted by Betty White instead.
#kcrw in the house! Chiat house, that is.
what do you think your rating will be?
Yes, our motto is We don't do "the chase", haha
Seen any good live performances lately?
You be dairy queen and I'll be burger king, treat me right and I'll do it your way ;)
i dont get my cousin doesnt wanna go to her 8th grade prom!
I took meds for allergies that dried the tissues out, but the bleed wouldn't stop for a full day. Almost went to ER. Scary.
Gotta wear a robe
have fun today! :)
Getting ready to present a session about the college process with and at the Vernon Area Library in Lincolnshire
Do this RT: : bedazzle your pug
That IS funny. I guess it was my testing of the waters. I've decided to post heavily. It's just an impulsive decision though.
Los Equipales Restaurant is proud to host the Aerospace Corp at Kirtland AFB holiday party @ Los Equipales, Dec 15. Happy Holidays to All!
damn thats the best part !
well, shoot, we love reading Where the Wild Things Are. Appreciate hearing the news but what sadness.
Wait wait WAIT. A new song!? ON MOTHERS DAY!?!? YUSSSSS
i got dolled up and everything , ready to go. walked outside saw it was raining and it changed my whole mood.
haha.. He was doing fine until Klaus came along,But it won't fully be gone from his subconscious mind,I watch to much of this
Grandma sent me a card to cheer me up, funny how family always knows when you could use something like that, love my family so much
Second band Tuneyards.
I know, right? Now I'm obligated to be all uppity and outraged like I'm actually paying attention.
Knowing is not enough.. You gotta DO. Let's DO together!!
RT : "GIVE THE DRUMMER SOME" is coming out in 29 days.
Thanky wanky! :D And no your name is a lot better than mine! ;)
HIV is the human immunodeficiency virus. It is the virus that can lead to acquired immune deficiency syndrome, or AIDS
Love or hate me, I stay hate free
We've totally restocked and reworked the STUFF store, so it'll be a new experience! TONS of new "stuff!" Lots of "Spring-themed" items.
Want to gnaw my arm off and beat myself into submissions. FML
Kudos to the #iasl12 committee, and , for a great evening.
Didn't realize I knew so many
loooool, unfortunately I have to say yes, yes that is worse
only real men watch Jessie, right? Haha ;)
The scumbag affiliate marketing ads on your "thanks for purchasing" page make you look like chumps.
Not even my type I just ain't wanna be mean tho
The most interesting relationship is when there are not friends, but still no match for .)))))
busy, sick not much else
"Static" is probably the most emotionally powerful episode of THE TWILIGHT ZONE -- full of supernatural technology, nostalgia and even love.
I'll say it again, It's time for the best to fight eachother. All the greats of the past did, thats why they are GREAT. Floyd/Manny 2012-13
thanks Les!!!
lol nice, I needa do the same thing smh
Austin now has 80mph speed limit on tollway? Cool!
hi from ur filipino fans!! :))
"The first rule of Fight Club is you don't talk about Fight Club." "Why?" "Y'know, that's a good question." This conversation has derailed.
oh ya the limp reraising one haha idiots...
yea i guess but the person who did it did not do really anything but im going to look everyday to see if it happens again
Know your place.
Watching an evening marathon of vid works from home is proving highly satisfying (VIP = View In Pajamas)
$AAPL tops $400 in light holiday trading.
Sprint Call Ctr in Rio Rancho is hosting its annual employee benefits fair. Thx for inviting us. PS: they are hiring !
that's one of many reasons I got out 8 years ago.
Are you enjoying #presconf ? So glad to have you here!
Is your profile picture supposed to be it looks like her exactly !!
i hate havin to work at 7
RT : AIR VP Mark Schneider comments: MT : For millions of #college #dropouts, 2nd chances prove difficult...
Red Sox to sign Mark Prior, per Jon Heyman
Fellow #realtors - Which lenders have you found to be the best (and worst) when dealing w #shortsales?
oops i should've looked at who you were talking about, but Fieri isn't part of the local Fantastic 5
Day 2 of the Academy Awards Festivities "Governors Ball" Food and Beverage tasting with Wolfgang Puck
and I have been performing stand-up on the boardwalk at Venice Beach for 5 mins & we've already made 25 cents!!!
Hey #authors and readers--meet new indie #scifi author He's getting ready to publish his first book this year.
Done with work. I'm tired. Good Night Guise (':
Nobody cares.
Yay! It's Friday! Hope everyone has a great day <3
class, then Greco :]wooop. cannot wait for the weekend with taylor and the babies!
Why do mexicans have to do that cowboy holler when their beaner songs come on. It's annoying as fuck!
Argh, now you have just made me want pie. And I have nothing sweet in the house at the moment.
I received some of my Stella and Dot summer samples this morning! Swoon!
Bruce is now up on the grand piano, leading the chant: I can't hear you! he lies.
I got the "gigs"
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 43
whats been up though... ill be back in MISSISSIPPI on the 25th
I could use one of those nights, ie, in Chicago.
Next person who comes in Sabbatic and says they have a "Total Bottom" will get free movie pass to Oriental tom at 7pm. and
You and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals, So let's do it like they do on the Home and Gardening Channel
Amazing session with actress Laimarie Serrano...looking forward to getting some edits posted!
I understand you were being sarcastic
Make u glad u cane
HOW FUN! (: lemme guess: the summer bash
Outta here! New York Mets owners and a trustee for Bernard Madoff's fraud victims have settled for $162 million.
Just got an external hard drive with 3 terabytes of space. TERA-bytes. Remember when megabytes sounded like SO MUCH?
When it Ended the First Time reading tomorrow night! 9pm TADA Theater!
#nahj In social media workshop, Robert Hernandez says you are a citizen, you are a journalist, you are a brand.
“: If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?”
Downsizing my shoe collection. Good bye, unworn lovelies! :(
We aren't sure of the age, but we got it from 's mother. All we had to do was pay to have it refurbished.
This week, thousands of parents, students and teachers in Indiana will celebrate National Charter Schools Week. CONGRATS to CH Academy!!
It's complicated.
I regret NOTHING of what i said to Ian Eastwood.
soo how did it go buddy ?
INSIDE THE PARK HOME RUN WOW
Today's Feature: Ham & Bacon Club w/ lettuce, tomato, cheddar & spicy Dijon aioli Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash
*virtual wound licking*
i've been doing well...i miss coming to your momma's house
maybe laptop guy is there again and willing to share his table?
get off twitter Homie! And go the library... You know that place quiet place where you can borrow books ;)
INNER BAND TURMOIL: Brock thought I "just found that public farting petition online somewhere"
9:58 and apple.com is down. Waiting for today's announcement.....
Next time ur girl or man got you feeling trapped yell in their face real loud "Give me liberty or Give me death"
Pets should always smell clean & fresh. If they have doggy odor, it means they're not getting clean food. Help their coat & skin & add oils
Google map API is so powerful and detailed that makes me mad!
INC show was April 7th. Either way, I missed it ;)
So you're colored blind? What color is this?
Such a nice day...why does there have to be wind?
Bears win again! Congratulations to the awesome home team!
teaching methods like this should be embraced and not shot down. unfortunately students these days only care about their grades
I'd give my left arm for a guarantee I'll never be an amputee.
Networking is the best way to market yourself. Meeting tomorrow morning at Ralph Lauren in New York City.
10 mins till show time. Just chilling.
rangers-caps game 7 tonight!!!
Don't be frightened. you can handle it.
How are you? Follow me on twitter =D
RT : setbacks and failures are not the same thing. adjust your view; failures are greatness being created in disguise. Go.
Richford to - 1hr! We still in the storm people a lot of cars are stocked on the road! No good tires? please stay home!
I have front row tickets to demi lovato OH MY GOD OH MY GOD AHSJBKF
Falling in love can induce a calming effect on the body and mind and raises levels of nerve growth factor for about a year
Better than the smell two day old tacos and shame, of which our van stinks of!
“: lol maybe so.” or Everyday is Valentines Day!! Lol
they're open not there open
Spin of the Week! donates $500 contribution from BP to charity and calls that her "protest" against the oil company +500 turds
Good life, poised life, incomplete and amending life, life separating at fibers but never removing completely, life excelling its matter, oh
aww give him a big huge for me ! Hope your okay! :( xx
where's that Catdog?
great thanks - just emailed you
Headed to the Breeder's Cup this weekend. Who's your bet for the classic? Uncle Mo?
I deleted files from my external hardrive - it was never backed up by Time Machine. I'm running Stellar Data recovery now.
My beautiful wife is back on Twitter. She's a huge #Yankees fan and just all around awesome so you should giver her a follow.
Honored to announce another outstanding nonprofit that also just joined us! Women Veterans of #New Mexico!
Yes! I need to try that one day before I leave the South for good!
Marion County begins testing their voting equipment at 9AM Monday, April 23 at the Election Services Center.
I'd like to see Kipnis play pissed more often. Don't think he was real happy about getting drilled.
Public mtg tonight at Mission Espada Hall (10040 Espada Rd) regarding study to connect SA Missions with Camino Real trails. See you there!
Hell yes they are!
Celtics are too old
Happy birthday fellow Pisces.
how hard is it to comprehend the difference between your & you're. Thats basic. My 5 yr old knows that
Feels good!
aka J BLOW aka mr. wear the cheese at lol
lol feel for ya i two account one just for family and another just for me
Happy mothers day to my mother.
you're welcome. Only certain books can be loaned.
Oh well we hide our jet in the underground lair ;)
Compared to your eyes, nothing shines quite as bright
i love you so much!!!!Happy Easter baby
download free- InSpotter mobile app and tap into the spirit of What Works for African-Americans
Whoever wins the #wiprimary will get my vote against walker- no question... (Still hope it's #Barrett)
New site is up & running, new Facebook page is up, so please take a moment to like us!! :)
Boo RT A spokesman for the California lottery said no CA resident held tickets with all six numbers.
Had fun exhibiting at the #nasait summit this week! Check out some pics of the exhibit and find all event coverage
no that's SIVA that has a twin
today's project: putting together my bed frame. tonight's project: sleeping through the night safely without said bed frame falling apart.
Going to bed pissed off.
This is a pretty amazing feat for google. I hope that government agencies like the IRS for instance go online 100%. Simple is always the...
In a Frank Ocean mood today
PROUDLY representing and exposing Exquisite Peruvian Cuisine at the SOBE food and Wine Festival 2011. Thank you Miami for your recognition.
Outdoor Source wants to wish everyone a safe a happy holiday! Need last minute gift ideas? Stop in and let us help you out!
Wow you are a long haired hippy.
thanks Rich! Glad you like it!
how bout dem Spurs? This is our year! I just pray we get the Lakers!
-- In #STL they don't care about legalities.
Raining on Sunday back at San Diego. What... The. Fudge.
RT : I might stimulate market w/Tweet, but have to have ducks in a row when they come to interact with my brand.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. ~Harold R. McAlindon
AAAAHHHHHH!!!! I'm going to 's concert this Sunday!! Love you selena! (Hope you PLEASE bring along with you! ;) )
I love Twitter!!! lol but im gonna go, gotta get ready to go out tonight, bye bye twitter :)
You have until May 20th to vote online. If Eric wins, he will help prepare a meal for families staying at the house. PLEASE VOTE!
I love how they made fun of Minecraft on MAD. i love that show :)
it was ok:P
can we though? Let's go to a show or play Mario Kart or something!
Great! We're doing events a bit more often now. Have one next week, then a startup drinks event the next week.
Thanks -- hope you get there soon!
all u can do is make predictions and shit thats pretty much it.
Saw TLC special #Awesome British Voice
Do you think the iPad 2 will be more sleeker, faster, and light enough to use as a frisbee?
Soon as I get my iphone I'm getting a HULK phone cover. I love that big green beast. ^_^
Feel like a cripple after 2 days in Chicago, its aged me but its been worth it
Take a deep breath, Pick yourself up, Brush yourself off, and start all over again and have a happy valentines day (:
Looking for people to provide feedback on a new app we are creating. Let me know if you are willing to help.
What sort of credits, special skills, etc. on a resume get you excited about signing someone?
Pitches are in! Can't wait to start working on our iPad issue!
Bring Back Ringer 21
I hit my 100 lb weight loss mark today! 285 to 185!
I'd wanna meet u to:]
2weeks until the May issue launches! Cant believe its been 2yrs already! Now I just have 2 figure out what 2wear for our party!
The thought of you being someone else's soon really fucks up my mind
I know it's tiring but it will all be worth it at the end 
that's very model dependent, old Nokias were great, #Windowsphones awful.
YO when someone tries to come over yo house to meet another person.... Just not cool
Got an 8 o'clock in da morning....
There is something terribly wrong with this tweet since I had one also but I did not initiate it...weird!
Wishing everyone a safe, happy, and healthy 2012 from PLI.
for sure! jeez, i have to work on this LOL RT : Lindsay smash!
is forreal the bestest boyfriend in the whole entire world, & I love him more than life. <3
Lol, I'm jealous. I'm still new to all of this. I would give anything for to follow me.
RT : Do you have a Mastermind Group? If not, get one! Supporting each others' success-nothing better!
U ride the metro EVERY SINGLE DAY
If HP is Harry Potter to you... We're not friends. IT'S HELLO PANDA.
Yes but, the sun is out m'dear in beautiful Portland and it's piddling down over there :-D!
Oh my god... You take pictures of everybody lol
New show in CA coming up soon - Stay tuned for info!
I love how students who have NO chance of passing show up for the final. << lol cuz its soo true
RT : If theres xtra Homeland Security money left over to pay aide's salaries, we didn't need the funds in the first place.
Lord, Thank you for another day of your Favor; for opening doors, not even the enemy can shut.
The most gutter people take the greyhound
figured. Still had to ask.
Omg I can't decide on what I want to wear to school!!!
Between working and taking care of children we're dammed if we do AND damned if we don't. That is what the Romney's don't understand.
A huge thanks to everyone who came out to support me last night at my reading in Brookline, MA. You're the best!
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Have fun and be safe.
two days til the Tony Awards, three days til the Gala, four days til my birthday. i'm starting to get excited!
Great! How soon will Vivint customers in Hawaii be able to live w/the peace of mind that comes w/in house #tsunami warnings?
Tomorrow isn't promised.
NFL just told SBD that 9/11-themed shoes and gloves "that have been distributed can be worn" in games on Sunday.
Nah. Shift one to the OF & trade piano-back.
Florence & the Machine... is that the same machine in Rage? Are we Welcome to the Machine? What kind of Machine is it?
Sweet!! Com' on No.3!! RT : Melo set to return vs. T-Wolves. Lawson still up in the air; says he'll test ankle in pregame.
Listen to V103 TakeOver Show Show Out ft lets go!!
worst day of my life
tell me whats next alien sex _ Kanye west
You end up feeling like you have AIDS and Chronic Fatigue Syndrome by 3pm
here comes that bearded man again. he needs a theme song similar to "wildthing" in the movie "Major League"
bet ha
life consists of making beautiful things from broken pieces
#redlineevents coming to a venue near you
Designing Women just came on after Caroline in the City. You psychic, boo. Stay tuned for my thoughts.
Good am #Seattle. We open in 15 mins. and wld luv to see you 4 your morning breakfast/ coffee or early lunch panini. 101 Stewart.
Wahhhh last night :(
Best line from a San Fran panhandler: "Why lie? I need a beer". How can you not give him some change?
I love how my cat follows me to the bathroom....
#Muppets!!!!!! congratulations to & WHOOOOHOOOO!
Listening to the pacers on wibc
Sorry,not going today.
Braces & Glasses Doesnt Automatically Make U A Nerd
By acting as you wish yourself to be, in due course you will become as you act. Norman P. Veale
Hopefully i get to see taylor tonight.
i knw :) i was just sayin thats y i cant come c yall cuz i'll b in indiana but be lookin for my sister she adores you :) lol
ppl remember my hands more than they remember my face on tinychat weird lol
same here haha I would say guilty pleasure and city is at war are high on my list haha
Alas, I've had to abandon Slack. Too much drama, and backchannel pressure brought to bear.
I know what you thought lol
Do you still remember what you were doing when the first plane hit?
GO VU CRUSADERS!!!
everythang u dunn done to me, I already dunn done to u. Lmao
It's hot as fuck out here yo!
We appreciate the shout out. Thank you!
bahahhah (: love you
All Super Bowls should be played in Miami. Indianapolis is a dump #SuperBowl #EliManning #Giants #Patriots.Weather forecast - Cold and rain
We're off to the White citadel to get crappy burgers and lousy fries! Woo!
's Birthday is in like 5 weeks.
When were u on "Punk'd"?? I feel punk'd by not having known about this.... is it me?
#FREEDOM FOR LIBYA.
I say this a lot but I'm TOO nice to people.
What is the ultimate dessert?
Stop asking for 'no drama' if you're the one causing it.
If Dicks Had Wings Your Mouth Would Be An Airport.
My gigantic Mastiff puppy "Buggers" 9 months old now, thinks its ok to eat all socks he finds, why does he do that anyway they are clean....
will veggie tower b on it? (eggwhite)
international development and conflict management.
WHY DID I WATCH THE CHEETAH GIRLS? NOW THEIR SONGS ARE GOING TO HAUNT MY DREAMS.
LOL RT Would someone please measure a piece of matzah and tell me the dimensions? Asking for a friend. Thanks.
WE ARE HERE TO SERVE YOU. "FIRST OF ALL SERVANTS OF ALL WE SHALL TRANSCEND ALL."
our pleasure - thanks for joining us and we hope you stick around
Wonder if would pose for a photoshoot?
just cause I am that awesome
that's how I fall asleep every night.. Friends is alway an easy fix!
I have zombie dust and every Sixpoint beer made for you. I'll ship it on Friday when I'm back from work trip.
": No! You keep him and his faulty groin out of Minnesota!" Yeah, nobody wants your groin Gabo, u dick!!!
Gotta love the Brew Crew!!!!! Woohoo
"my car" video#suckafree I'm down!
Impressed with Ubuntu 9.10 thus far...next up, installing NetBeans and getting my hello world on
60 views in one day, not bad bro!!!
- haha we probably ain't in the same area!!
currently using my Business skills learned at UCF to start this production company. Thanks UCF!
are you still keeping the other? Hope all is well!
Hi Liz. What camera do you use? There is a cool daytime trick for Canon using at least 580 flash and body more than rebel.
watch that first step....it's a doozie!
It was years of mediocrity that forced Carl Peterson out of the #Chiefs organization
Finally these jogging ladies came and rescued me. And i bought a new phone that same day. Omg. That was a weird dream.
“: Be good, and if you can't be good Be careful! ~ Pigmeat Markham”
New Logo. New Life.
I wonder how many people planning to vote 3rd party are old enough to have voted for Nader in 2000.
thats a realistic deal, but I think Bulls would be better off using Amnesty on Boozer. That way they can chase the right playr
congrats... I hear you have a new gig!
“: When we getting #Benihana ? ” lemme guess, you got your birthday email? Let's go whenever, your call.
Oh muh goodness.
Minivan gang.
I saw two beauty school mannequin heads on the side of the highway today. Kinda creepy at first.
#follow I think thats his name
Now it's time to get back to football
Oh look, talky mcgee who has a story for everything, is talking again
I put that on the hood I'm good! I was just bumping this song. #myjam!
not at all into wrestling, but nonetheless RIP Lou Albano
Are you guys ready for summer? Launching something awesome on March 14. Just wait............
I'm pretty excited!
I think it's illegal to follow cops!!! But I totally did!! #rebellious ;)
thanks for the RT have a great day!
4 sure will be on favstar - just getting things set up for the election year, website, fb, etc.. thanks for the note bro!
PPL who judge ppl and falsely accuse them will be judge soon
Congratulations and all the #wildcats !
me to!
Had to recharge the love supply
@ applebeez having a blast ...
since my whole mouth is numb i really want to re-pierce my lip
This weekend is gonna be full of skiing, swimming, water fights, and candy! Cant wait. Weird mix... Ikk :)
I never questioned it before I read the Slate article.
Thanks for the #FF love! Happy Friday!
Fall is in the air,please bring by your gently used coats to our warehouse for #Coats for #Colorado! 3550 S Inca St Englewood
Just wrapped up the Friday's NIght Live series in Dallas Texas, heading back to New Orleans, I'll post the episodes up as soon as I get...
The greatest feeling you can experience is when Justin Bieber notices you on twitter.
Wow...the Little Caesar Pizza Bowl was a great game. Seriously...FIU vs Toledo? That's why bowl month is so awesome.
Live Jazz tonite from The Original Second Nature Band at El Jarro on San Pedro, San Antonio! Cool drinks, fine food, and great music!
“: you should probably come to eau Claire, wi” truth
Picture of the day on Facebook: Jake Weber on location with fellow actor Juliet
RT I cannot tell you how many times I go to write "Shoot T-Shirt Gun" onto my bucket list only to realize it's already on there.
On the way to Louisville driving straight into a tornado warning... Great
VALDESPIN! ah we know my love of first major league at bat home runs.
Congrats on the new job with Twitter! How freakin' exciting.
owe, keely is my bitch :D
“: Just watched the segment on ! Awesome. Inspiring. Innovative. (I'm going to take some lessons.)”
like MacArthur! “: Not silly at all. We're hoping to be back too... ;-)”
Hey if you cut that mop, you wouldn't need to push it back every 2 seconds.
Canon 7D are a good start but it depends on your budget
Don't know if this is the most boring city council meeting ever, or if I've finally reached the point I don't care. Thinking about leaving.
switch to Janetter
the best rapper , I love #SODMG !!
Welcome JJ. Let me remind everyone, I am the president of the Coach K fan club. Called it during '10 summer league.
Im gonna be the best that i can be!
now you hookers and ho's know how I feel
UP DOIN BEATS! IM ON IT!
Ill never let my son have an ego, hell be nice to everyone where ever we go.
I'm your ice cream man, stop me when I'm passing by.
49ers D is a beast so far
Wow I'm so sorry you experienced that! It's def not the norm for us and certainly not acceptable. Were you involved at all?
I've been promising myself for weeks I'd reorganise my shelves in my office. Today I did it. The Dalek Army was dusted and moved!
yeah I would love that but I think the Heat will win the series
All About The Women
So I've had an MCRP, (radically different from an RCMP), and I'm awaiting results to discover the source of this latest bout of gut misery
okie dokie! (: thank you so much again!
1,500 Facebook fans? Incredible! Make sure you follow us on Twitter at , Paul (), and DJ ()
Help us fill some tour dates. We are looking for some dates between the 12th and 19th of this month. If you book bands hit us up.
You may be 3 beers deep but im going to be 3 shamrock shakes deep.
Not a shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious. - Brendan Gill
#MyBiggestFlaw.... I care too much, & end up getting hurt.
how do I stop this?!
you work??
“: #home” too soon to get excited about the round at ? Nope, definitely not.
": Bulls are clearly resting Rip Hamilton for the playoffs. Just like they do with Scalabrine every game."
brainwashing you since 1958
I've been called the songbird of my generation..
in bed nd I don't wanna
Who in #Seattle is doing the in Sept? Have your teams formed?
i love you so much it's unhealthy.
When you fuckin with me, just know one thing: I aim to please. 100% satisfaction guaranteed
I'm fdu.... Fresher than yu.
one thing we do know: OJ and Casey Anthony trials proved no conviction is guaranteed.
"I don't see Mommy anymore!" "That's because you kicked Mommy out." Ah, sweet toddler.
#BEARCATS putting a #bigeat hurting on
Yes that's what I meant. But, it's really hard to do a poor interview. For a good applicant, you just have to be friendly.
lol I see you heard! But yes I'm so down! :-)
My #dragrace vote is for Sharon Needles. Work it girl.
Excited for this work day to be over ...my body could use some recovery right now!
Hi there, thankyou for following
Not Reaally , I Just Know For A Fact Its Not The Best Musicc .
...no word on cause but fitchburg fire chief calls it 'suspicious'.
Good Luck!
My downstairs bathroom just flooded. And it totally showered me and soaked my onesie.
": Raiders play calling is very Xbox. Too many tricks and not enough treats. 0 for 8 this year. Lions on y'all ass
how ya doinq?
i hate when girls have manly hands 
Friday is our last day at 101 Yesler Way. 12 years, 3000 days, countless memories. C+F moving to 1425 4th Ave. Great new digs!
Actually it was just my 2G cooking class but hey thanks for helping me out
Why does Friday seem so far away?
Ugh friday
do you ever look at email? I just sent you one with some q's...
Don't be mad at me. I didn't do it
I had a bunch of beer today and most of them were from Chicago! Win.
lol that was a good job, not sure abt ideal of whole tupac hologram concert
Ugh! I was looking forward to this time alone =(
I did that 2 days ago lol
I sometimes wonder if people are aware of their B.O. ...
I literally need a reality show.
Thanks to Melissa Fossom for coming down to tape us for the new times &quot;take cover&quot; segment, look for it online next week.
RT : .: Physical book provides legibility, preservation, momentum, transformation.
FYI "trust issues" = Not ready or mature enough to be getting married
knew he was ok when he started scratching the couch at 2am. very relieved
So frustrating - not at all as advertised!!! RT : Just got announcement that there's no wifi. Well done
I'm at a loss for words. One of the best nights of my life. THANK YOU ---->Pics & Story soon.
Great job moderating the Agents panel, !
Are you prepared for digital resumes and video interviews? Because companies will soon be equipped for your digital showcase ......
take care of it bro we need you
i get my 1st beer from a GIANTS fan WTF!?!?!
Who's Gonna Be My Thousandth Follower!!!???
Like candy to the corn and yeah you're finger lickin fine
You can come to understand your purpose in life by slowing down and feeling your heart's desires. ~Marcia Wieder
i am 24/7... best believe it!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Glide Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Goin in to work bout at bust the balls!!
if thats the only food there is....hhhhmmmm....kittie beware:)
Have fun guys, sorry I can't join you!
Month long hiatus/dryspell? BUT! Have new chapter, &introduction to very important plot point. &I know where next starts.
its my 17th birthday it would mean the world if you said happy bday.
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful moms
would u like to go on a date wif me..... hahaha :D
i guess you can say... i rap a liil. (;
Surprised the chiefs lost but glad the crusaders roll on !
RT RT : You don’t need to live stressed out or worried. You can be confident today that God will take care of you.
Bitch, all of a sudden getting a squeaky voice and being "cute" in front of a guy doesn't make you cool.. it makes you a try hard.
Where are you going? Congrat's miss you out here in Chicago
The Flyers have no mojo left. They maxed it out in the Pens series.
cHECK OUT THE KIDS OF THEY HAVE SOME AWESOME AND FUN SHOW.....
Days 17, 18 & 19 of #missingmilwaukee go (of course) to the amazing #c21nonhuman conference and my home this year,
Just deleted 4630 emails.
Hope everyone has a Happy Easter!
Putnam County #Republicans vote Rick Parsons for
RIP Diva.
I don't know you .?
Ocean City Tourism- looking for people 4 commercial. Auditions today & the 28th in & @ OC. Submit photo to Paying job
|-_|!. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
haha I got my shirt at FYE and my necklacce at Claire's and my bracelet too.
“: Stevie novak is puttin it on the celtics right now”
is trying to tell me the readers of #AbsolutePunk voted #Yellowcard the most anticipated album of 2011? What time warp am I in?
"Shocking" is more of realizing people willingly eat Miracle Whip and less like discovering to kill is the most often used verb in Hebrew.
Makes sense to me! Very cool system! Thanks for the response!
#Ringer, you're so predictable. Also, not enough Misha Collins.
Help people become more motivated by guiding them to the source of their own power | Paul G. Thomas
That being said, I'm now going to watch Deathly Hallows Part 2.
The French Quarter Festival was EPIC!!! Next stop...after the show it's the after party...at The 12 Bar on Fulton...get in there!!!
I really hope so..#giants have come too far to come home empty handed.
thank u Jim! Same to Emily! “: HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!”
There r alot of people in this world that i just want to rip their heads off!
....false. my whole family does and i use them when i'm at home and that still has not convinced me otherwise.
We'll make sure you get our best cup! Looking forward to seeing you!
#Austin only two followers in the first hour of my new account on twitter? Help me Texas.
iTunes Genius is being a dick -__-
what were you thinking
#zipsters check us out tomorrow to see how to enter our BMW contest and win a free ride!!
thank you!
Getting my chicken, rice and broccoli ready
we might be leaving a day early on the bright side(:
AP: NC voters approve constitutional amendment defining marriage as union between a man and woman.
Can anyone produce a training video? Yes. Can anyone produce an effective training video? No.
But I thought we had the most stable place in the world to invest...per someone's speech last night.
You have got to be kidding me!
Everything is made of energy-Do positive things and you will give off positive energy- InSpotter app
Horrible calls by refs in beavers game... 2 calls turned back
Just shot our latest vlog with special guest, Peter Marr! You are going to like him, he's handsome & funny!
Elena will have my money for you, I had to visit a friend in the hospital.
I don't think they were happy about that news honestly...
: (had started a Fakebook in march 2009, but i actually used FB then—& keeping up 2 was a pain in the arse.)
They always try to bring you down, but my faith nd believe keeps me strong. #I'llProveYouWrong
#fizzyfamily! how is everyone? who went to see Damon at Playlist? :D
It’s hard to tell your mind to stop loving someone when your heart still does.
Get yr Mother's Day plants this wknd at Saturday between 10am and 2pm - all grown in their greenhouse!
lol you were in my dream it was so scary
Out with the #old, in with the
Not a problem. That is what we do!
Triple Digit Weather Out there Today
My brother, where do you intend to go tonight? I heard that you missed your connecting flight
love you too bella
aye this dude is super weak in hoops >>>> That's probably why he ain't hit me back up to play. Cus I ain't no joke on the court
Throw a deuce like see you later!
Very nice! Best of luck to you :)
Congrats Kim!
good luck with your music......i am following you on twitter
YA I WILL CAROLINE THANKS.
I finally decided to play the Venetian Deep Stack Extravaganza Main Event ($ 2500). Late register is open until 3:15 PM, so I'll be fine :)
I wish you had an bat signal, except it'd be undergarments, not a bat
I didn't know you had one :-( lol
Go Detroit. Beat Boston.
Oh. Hell. Yes. RT Thrilled to announce that the Broncos have agreed on a new four-year contract with cornerback Champ Bailey.
Just got to seatac.. So tired!!
new chris brown rihanna remix turn up the music remix is sick!!!!
Sitting in Thornton Center, studying it up!! Final tomorrow then Friday, Saturday to enjoy my last weekend in Tennessee for 2011!
Etiquette question: My beer is gone, husband falls asleep before finishing his. Fair game?
there so cheaply made
Thanks again :D <3
Just when I thought you couldn't hurt me again... I was wrong bro
melissa wins that one. I got nothin
glad you are cashing I am doing something nobody in the world is doing Sportsbooks will be smashed,I have info no one has
Have a sweet Tuesday!
Prime Poway Woman No. 5: Joanne Whetstine Whetstine is the owner of Social Media Marketing Consultants.
What's the point of the meeting? Just so the Chancellor can say he let us ask questions before implementing at-will?
Amazing game, great D.
real talk
TONIGHT - SNL with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!
Desinging a new Book Cover for Bishop James E. Wright Jr. - Powerful Man of God!
If I had to pick 3 first round series to go to 7 games, I wouldn't of picked any of the ones that are headed there.
I love setting training or personal goals because once they're reached I get to set new ones!
First game on tuesday.
Hope you survived the Monsoon Gras! What were your favorite floats or themes from today's parade?
Everyone is annoying today.
it's so warm out walk to my house.
that's not about spelling it wrong tho. Thats adding a whole word that doesn't even have the same meaning! Of and 've (have)
My son has been wearing his so-called "lab coat" (in fact, a brown denim jacket) very proudly. Thanks to you. :)
MOJITOS at FUSE....pick your flavor: regular, apple, pomegranage, razberry, green tea, watermelon, coconut or peach.
#TheAvengers left me wanting more of all of these characters. This bodes well for Iron Man 3, Captain America 2, and Thor 2.
I love you.
Laundry day = dorky pants time!
SHUT! YA UGLY ASS UP!! DO SOMETHIN BOUT IT NIGGA
i should be there around 11
please follow and let her know i sent yu! she opened for cody nov. 19th 2011~
Ordering 700 square feet of carpet that's destined to be destroyed by shakespeare
Do mikey got a twitter?
A coalition of 8 music publishers sued the file-sharing service LimeWire on Wednesday, accusing it of copyright infringement.
miss you 2!!!
hi every one
Dear PG Cougars, In the words of the Partridge family, "I think I love you"
Oh boy i need to get my mom a mothers day gift...
Found Shar-pie near Los Angeles (El Monte).Young adult, male, golden brown. Need good home - email me at
My nose itches.
Extraordinary swagg, with a mouth full of gold...
OMG ! is Thinking about suicide! She LOVES youu! :( Tweet her!
that awkward moment when your tumblr is fine one moment and then when you go back to your blog its blank and you can’t do anything about it
#E3onG4 Your not suppose to eat the microphone
Oh. That's what's up. Which part of new York? Cause I'm from the Bronx. But I stay in Florida tho.
Who won the In Memoriam award?
hehehe love you! #shotsonshotsonshots when I'm back ! And the beach day erry day
The news is that Derrick Jenkins is now a DOCTOR! I know he was working his butt off with that dissertation and I'm proud oh him!!!!
You got it. Next week - I'll be there.
watchin' spiderman , i love this movie .
agree! No! Thats one of the main reasons I love DVR!
Well, you survived another Monday. Reward yourself with 50 Cent Beer, 5 pm until close, Mondays
Anyone who is a serious user of Salesforce CRM and have 15 mins to chat with me at their convenience? Want to get a a non-salesperson take …
I'm starting to feel whatever it is I'm supposed to feel...
Research at Boston U. shows the P. gingivalis bacteria infection accelerates the progression of atherosclerosis plaque formation. Use CloSYS
Would someone please explain the game of Cricket to me? This shit is confusing!
3:0 at the half. Come on the Arsenal
Pittsburgh: We now proudly offer Dermalogica professional skin care treatments and products! Call 412-854-6881 to book your appointment!
Calif. "Terminator" is open to discussions about making MJ legal.
Listening to saxman Charles McPherson...Birds With Strings on 2nite's Jazz @ Lincoln Ctr show, on the radio right now on JAZZ 88
Check me out asap on YouTube, Facebook, and reverbnation
That moment you forget what u were about to tweet
Yes! How to set it up once u get it. RT : how to do a Google Adwords campaign?
the day half my catalogue is in rotation is the day i move to Tibet to train to be Batman.
your point was fine, just beyond my frame of reference.and i've always been seriously monogamous (serially so in younger days).
thanks. He is all pumped. he is having his party this weekend. He sent out 60 invites!
If I'm ever a coach, at any level, I'm hiring an orchestra to play behind me during pregame and halftime speeches
let's do Mirrors. have it reflect. have it reflect. have it reflect. reflect reflect reflect reflect reflect on all the love, beauty, pain..
When celebs show up to spin class we die times 2.
Ugh, that place gives me a migraine.
Idk how I made it to school this morning -.o
How do I get in touch about an ownership transfer request? It's been more than 30 days, no word from you.
I think thoughts you share via Twitter should be called 'Twoughts.' You know it's true.
I’ve heard more Cheap Trick since Q101’s demise than I’ve heard in the last five years. My van radio kind of sucks.
You are the best!!! -A
it can't be a bad thing to be addicted to motivation lol
Sweet im working with the BING team on some pretty cool stuff!!! Great to meet ya!!!!!
The Facebook IPO will be a big boon to CA's floundering budget.
Tomorrow is Friday! Finally this never ending week is almost over. 🍻
love you brooke! <3
big congrats on the election. Makes me even more excited to come back to Philly :)
RT : Looking through the schedule of events for , very excited to see will be speaking!
"buy-borrow-donate"
Drinkin Long Island and smokin Loud anybody wanna join me?
This referee is being PITIFUL! She is obviously not up to the level necessary
Lol! RT : I won a free gourmet cheesecake on Twitter. Suck it, you anti-Twitter people.
Good night! Guys(:
but instead im laying here cuddled up w/ niece & looking at her gorgeous/precious little face <3
Happy Mothers Day! What you do and have done does not go unnoticed!!
salty na I'm jus playing
my bad fam - i been running around - aint been on twiiter
says interactions are your brand. Have heard say collections are your brand. Two sides of coin?
seriously. I don't know what I was thinking. I don't even know who I was in that moment. not myself, that's for sure.
Is there pink eye going around or...
Enjoying another beautiful day!
The awkward moment when your sarcasm is so advanced that people actually think you're stupid.
Cold and stormy outside. Snow on Mt. Hood (hour away). Happy snowboarders and skiers. A book and hot tea in order.
East Coast via Denver bad news as expected.
I can't wait any longer...
makin a build a bear ;D
Watching #Boston Red Sox lose again made me hungry.Going to bed & then going to for a waffle in the morning. via
get me one...I still haven't gotten anything for my mom
#WeLoveYouAustin at least just say it (: even if you don't mean it just put please tweet it(:
Thanks to the Rubach sisters for being our very first costumers!
RT : Finally! Let's get it CRACKIN'!
You know who that player was? (long dramatic pause) #bestJokeOfAllTime cc
do a concert in flordiaaaaa (:
All this time i thought K'naan had a sore back... Now Playing ♪ Soobax by K'naan
Your mom rules. =)
Thunder knocking at my door, sold out yesterday at Playhouse in the Park. Cincy drummer, Art Gore plays in blues band.
Lets make #Gasman play limbo. How low can you go GasMan? LOWER!
The hard part about knowing is you know! This time it won't hurt like the last time and the time before that.
It talks a lot about Alexander's ethnic mixing and anti-racial, geographically-centric policies.
“: Get Your Ass On Up. We Got Work Today”
that ending was dumb... It like cut it off at the middle of the story
is that in the contract, or doesn't it have to be.. Not even cable company's can do that w/o a contract
Yess friend! Meet some new people in the atl
you'll have to tell me how it is!
yea, how do you know?
USC Writers Conference coming to an end. Great day in LA for writers.
thanks rachel! i love that i'm getting to do it too!
Finally, Zimmerman arrested.
thanks for the warm wishes! Greatly appreciated.
I hope so, too!
well I'm sorry I'm makin u mad... Hahahaha.. Dam ur a bitch. #ckoldhearted hah
Ima go crazy this summer lmao
Marshall Thundering Herd ‘Seal ’ Men ’s Ring Size 11 – 10KT Gold Jewelry
Hmm, there appears to be a tasting mere blocks from my workplace on Wednesday afternoon... Worth my time?
so happy you liked it. Thanks for the Tweet.
grading my last paper....I think I need to be alone
bored . com
well then thinking I should tune in over on then x lol
Selling an Above and Beyond Saturday ticket at the shrine,
Today we celebrate Bar Kochba's #Jewish spirit & his resolve 2protect freedom of Jews in r ancient homeland
Thanks for the useful site. Pics are great!
what do you mean defers all that time ? And of course is still wades team just cause there's other superstars he still the captain
I wonder if it's something I did... Or maybe it was something I DIDN'T do..
! The #kathy sofa is too damn low for anyone to be comfortable. Including us the viewer. Love you!
you just DM'ed us a suspicious link. FYI.
Who has #UFC tix to tomorrow's fight at United Center???
I have a hunch..and i hope im right..but that things will come together for Carlos Gomez this year
Jennifer Garner is so manly though....
Horrible Places You're Forced To Go To: banks, pharmacies, DMVs, & public restrooms. I'm at one of these places now fighting for my life.
Wouldn't mind going Gigantes Tour but only to see my dawg El Buki.
How did Dexter's parents NOT know about his secret Lab? That electric bill had to be higher than Wiz Khalifa!
Oh my gawd,Lucky!! :O
#21jumpstreet funniest movie I think I"ve ever see!
So done with softball.
Ok even if no one reads it I'm still gonna post a new story!! So be prepared. (=
Thx RT : “Calling local artists! is looking for large scale art to display in their restaurant. inf
GIVE IT UP FOR BEER! GIVE IT UP FOR THE VENUE! GIVE IT UP FOR THE TROOPS!!!
Right? After that tweet, we learned is bringing an even more extravagant spread.
yeah i know now
I have lost all respect for #LeBronJames; I criticized him but I respected him, but no more. This flopping is a joke.
Making Cookies
I'm about to walk the streets to see what makes me write about it...bring it Seattle I'm in a mood tonight! I've earned it. Look out
OMG! HE HAS A ZUCCHINI ON HIS NOSE! omg! Legitimately? *shows picture of guy with huge nose*
All of this has happened before, and will happen again.
It's happening now!! Or maybe Tom?
An editorial assistant position just opened up with the good people over at ! :D
Me too! I got Quindlen's 'lots of candles, plenty of cake' by mail plus three other book club novels.
Yee haw! #giddyup RT I'm co-hosting on tonight from 5-8! You should probably listen ;)
He saved your number in his "No fucks given" folder
Enjoy the Superbowl with OSO Artist, BRENT ELLIS @ Tootsie's, 7pm cst. Or listen LIVE at www.103wkdf.com or on 103 FM WDKF in Nashville.
there needs to be a lottery for the opp to watch a game with dad.
Think visually. A picture truly is worth a thousand words. If they are good enough, they’ll end up on the front page next to a long article.
Tf some jerk kept prank calling me
Yoooo my Economics teacher just hooked it up with some Power Pizza!
As of 12:00 midnight, our new executives are in charge. Good night and good luck!
AGREE RT : may be the most unlikable reality TV star ever. And I'm including Puck, Omarosa and Kim Kardashian.
Mission Hill featured in Sunday Globe Travel section. Great piece featuring City Councillor Great work brother!
Living it up at the
Good find!
My mom going to say that i need to join this basketball league, go to college and make her some money in the NBA lol.... she #Ratchet? o___O
Also I don't usually replace numbers with letters but Twitter was cutting me off.
#WDS “: Loving these alumni tweets! #IdolFamily #Idol”
Hello - thanks for hosting tonight!
but souls? Do they have souls? What does their major tend to be?
Yeah,we lost. That was like two days ago.Let's all take a deep breath & stop tweeting crap about them & the capitals
I'm on there, but I have to crawl back to Spotify to get my Arthur Russell fix.
It's #FunkFriday!!!
The NEW Thursday's here! The NEW Thursday's here! Okay, that's enough for now.
Fuck that id be in all kinds of trouble out here!
Amazing Freddy! My Man...
it's a flying dog - hoppy dog was at the lake
Happy Valentine's Day!
Good, it's not just me. RT : Just lost the G2 feed
America's favorite music…remembers America's favorite icon! #productionvault Country remembers Dick Clark in Promos!
Q1: the well-turned sentence, the coherent paragraph, and this smartphone.
Had forgotten that Betty Ford trained with Martha Graham and was a dancer. Strong women attract.
Thank you, but don't like to talk on that account! I prefer to Twitter :)
Introspective Newt is a Melancholy Newt is still an asshole.
Congrats on your Seagrams Modeling jump off! #WHOOP!!!
look at me when im talking to you
Got a fresh cut, worked out, showered, and did errands. Just on track these days, huh.
We only do 1/2 kegs at this time. The other sizes are coming in the future.
Well it looks like you know about the hack! How goes it?? xxoox, MCM
the do have a schedule up but there are a few TBD areas.
Design Tip: Use wallpaper to add pattern to rooms.
Ready for a nap...
I think this is the first time ive ever willingly watched basketball....damn.
You need a graduate degree from Zombie Hut.
Homeland, episode 7, Channel 4, review: Ed Cumming reviews the seventh episode of Homeland on Channel 4
Time to start Tebow Tippin!!! It's like cow tippin but with donkey fans that drank the "funny" Koolaid
Rules: & I will moderate, jump in when you're ready, refer to the question in your answer (is Q1, A1), tag with
details still to come but I promise we'll share more ASAP! #pho in
I don't care if you don't care
I don't tweet on Sundays because it's Gods day. Yes I'm talking about you Ryan Fitzpatrick
Just experienced an earthquake in Herndon, VA.
I love this country and every single person who serves it! GOD BLESS AMERICA!
Thank you. I'm applying for scholarships, I don't usually qualify for grants. I don't mind working two jobs, just wish I
Thanks for the follow The Layout Shop (TheLayoutShop)! :)
New logo & pics will be posted late tomorrow!
Guy in my yoga class: if I wanted to hear your weird groany sex noises for an hour, I'd just lower my standards.
so today my teacher said "i dont tweet because im a twit" it was great
The locker pod's pretty quiet atm.. Awk
#ForeverWaiting.. on my laundry to be done washing so I can dry it.
Happy Football Sunday! Go Hawks!
I got two out of my three packages from The Book Depository. Neither or them were Pandemonium.
Word of advice: Follow your passion & always do what you feel is right for you.
love can build a bridge Strohm.
Day party the 28th of this month? YES
That WAS interference!
Best finish ever & u cut away @ last 5-sec so TV viewers COMPLETELY missed finish but got gr8 shot of some Boylston St. pavement?!
Good morning, Lisa! Great to see you!
I know a whore that works here, shes my cousin- #lmao!!
It would be interesting to see how he would do, that's for sure.
Because Donte's gay ass didn't wanna deal with traffic. lol.
5 min late for spin and class was full :(
Are you looking to clean your Marble floors? Visit our web site to learn about marble cleaning, repairing and polishing your Marble floors.
Nice ass.
thank you for following it means alot and I love your daughters, they are very talented :)
Hey , we're playing Adjacent Spaces! Right now! Suggestion: grocery store. We're moving all over this store, real-time.
If you goin thru hell keep goin you might get out before tha devil knowz you there
that you are going through a rought time right now. I may know of some IT work for you. I don't know why you stopped being my friend.
You brought the sunshine! It's officially raining the weeks before and after your visit. I know that's all you!
Thanks for the retweet!!
Congrats to my uncle Reg for an excellent job at
You ok?
what up chump?
I'm just gonna lay off twitter...
Be sure to join us tomorrow for Halfway to St. Patty's Day! And of course, college football AND Ortiz vs. Mayweather... Who will take it?
I agree, I just cant see the light right now.
Been 3 days since ive worked. seems like a week though.
Watching the "new" (but not so new) news team on It's a solid news product at 7pm
When people say 'sorry 'bout it' or 'shoutout to the people who' in a sarcastic way << its annoying af.
RT : Binder: It's not what you teach it's your attitude!
omg! This is so super awesome!!!
Brewers bummer. Chris Narveson is placed on the 15-day DL with rotator cuff tear. Mike McClendon has been recalled from A Nashville.
“: Haven't eaten a thing all day #Starving” go eat lol and bring me some food :)
thank you very much! for answer my tweet! i love you so much! <3 and please follow me! im a biggets fan!
Stalked the facebook of today during economics... Made me miss her 100 times more than I already do!
gmail is down oO
I might have just dropped $50 on turkey legs at Market Square. Don't judge me.
You wish. Time to douche out that rotten ass of yours...it's becoming septic.
Concerts and art and horses...oh my! Lots of fun going down this weekend; I've got the skinny in 15 minutes!!!
I remember that day,we laughed under the spray..we shared such bliss & our 1st kiss, on the Maiden of the Mist..Over the falls in a barrel..
Bieber really needs to stop screaming in the background.
Latin Proverb~ Deliberate often--decide once.
I cant help but look peoples feet and when they look like they need a good fun scrub. I want to yell Hey those babies need a loofah Ped.pal!
Jason, it was quite tasty last night. Thank you again.
Just a few more assignments...let's do it!
It’s funny how the people who hurt you the most are the ones who promised you they never would.
Thank ya!
Damnit. There's sunny D in my vodka.
Valentine's Day Specials. Couples massages w/ champagne available here. DM for more deets.
What has #NATO done for you? Closing Chicago for 5 days. Hookers might get some new clients.
#oclc manages top level domains on purl.org. the process involves human moderation. if you want one, you apply and... wait ;)
Solution to a sucky Friday night, come see us this Friday at the Rock Shop Miami Beach. Drinks, food and lots of Brand Name Punk ;)
Always so great to have you...thanks, !
#ala truism = having nothing to do Sunday morning but 10,000 things you MUST do sunday at 1:30.
Students don't make that distinction. The flatbeds don't let them do what they want, ergo, angry face.
Yaaaaaaay, Jenna!!! Ok, here they come!
"Cross pollinate positive consumer generated content." says
We will hold the vigil for LGBTQ youth Wednesday October 20th from 7-8pm on the North steps of the #UVA Rotunda. Pls wear purple
I might take miller over DOB but that's a pretty bad list.
Very diffrent and Original yall watch out for
Still working on the new and improved DreamCoast Coffee. Whew!
sugar withdrawal headach. I will only do this once.
egotistic sent me!
Sometimes, I see an equation written on a blackboard, like half an equation, and I'll just figure it out.
Lots of women don't care about "mad men". Shit we're made "mad" by men too.
yea I'll watch everything tomorrow on youtube :P
It is just an absolute war zone on Galveston.
Someone come cuddle with me! This weather if perfect for it.
•True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about but few have seen.
some ppl will lie about anything to get other ppls sympathy..
What's that all 'aboot'?
I love everything Mexican; tequila, food, beer, and cinco de Mayo
Cant wait til basketball tryouts start @ skool 
Last day to apply for Adelbert Parris Scholarship for Los Angeles performing arts students is tomorrow!
GSP tried to play safe the whole night, he stands NO chance against Anderson Silva. Silva is much more talented and agile.
It would only be Kent if one of them also had a wad of chew in one cheek and another had his mom's minivan keys in his pocket.
#NACUA welcomes David Allen to the Annual Conference in San Francisco today -- helping #highered lawyers "get things done."
hate how some girls are overly pretty and look perfect, they make me feel like such an ugly tramp.
Let's go Lobos!! A win today gives us a winning streak!!
Had an incredible weekend. Hopeful for an equally incredible week.
"For anyone who has ever bought Playboy for the articles."
"Omg went to #tweet shoutout and #iPhone #autocorrected to syphilis" Hilarious.
Can't believe that Disney lost so much $$$ on a movie about Jimmy Carter going to Mars. Seemed a natural winner to me.
#MyDivorceSong- Ridin' Solo by Jason Derulo,~ I'm living life now that I'm free~
We're down. RT: : I <3 you guys so much! Wanna see ya supa asap.
you definitely should! It'll be awesome.
