Kenny Ozzfest 4 will now be held at Mayday Northside Dec. 3. We'll be there, so should you!
working on image selection for the future fb page for the Friendship Nine. Lot of classic pictures to choose from
Lying on the couch reading a book and waiting for a call.
Did that grl want toplay in the game. out the door she goes.
WTF 😳RT In a single year, 30% or 1.7 trillion cigarettes are consumed by Chinese smokers alone.
I wish I knew who unfollows me so I can return the favor. Hate losing people. :-(
Hey cherry
I love my #Celtics, but Sweet Basketball Jeebus, they're about to give me a heart attack here at the end of Game 3!
We must try to keep our values in proper order.
So the gas line broke at the main intersection near my work, I'm pretty much trapped here until they're done
how are you enjoying it?
Making crab stuffed Dover sole. Hit me up if you want to know how to.
A teach-in would remind the media what we're fighting for-- education that awakenings young minds.
hehe howdy partner ;)
Happy Monday! Who's planning on coming by this week??
RT Wood couldn't justify the hours it took to prepare for throwing a few pitches that night, felt like he was handcuffing team.
Hmm let's see how this torrent stuff works
always loved those Elvis Costello album covers. Great to see your other work too.
Woke up and had to kill not 1 but 2!!!! Bugs this morning. Not a great start and Spidey did not help.
another nation wide window cleaning company. They are well known lowballers.
Twitter friends and #droid #gummy lovers please nag me for backgrounds so doesn't shoot me. #realwork sucks #backgrounds coming!
I'm interested to see who will still be here or be here at all at the end of this year
If man will not work, he shall not eat. 働かざるもの食うべからず。
Shaq just not as funny as Charles. Charles is naturally a dumb ass.
I would love to go to Europe to start.
I had hoped to aim some spirited gibes at the University of Missouri, but I was overcome by lethargy as I thought of the school.
haha. Thats actually really funny. u r JUST like jenna in so many ways lol
what a game Ravens pulled it out with 8 seconds on the clock
Guess whos BACK?!
The most potent muse of all is our own inner child. --Stephen Nachmanovitch
My heart overflows with Love
Love You Keeley! :)
I'm no guru, but if you #LOVE somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don’t, they never were.
Watching rocky horror picture show. :)
How did you like my show?
MY LIFE IS YOU!
Waking up at 7am to Loud noise and it not ending. Ever. Has got to end. I've got to get out of here.
“: My work computer takes years to do anything ” hopefully you're getting paid by the hour not the number of jobs done 👍
Slammed my pinky finger in my car door and broke my nail. Worst pain ever!! What a way to start the day! &$*#%^!$@!#*
Best wishes to your emerging playwrights! It's a beautiful process.
Big things coming this year ~ HUGE!!
I love pickles #snooki #tasty as fuck
PHeW!! Made it! Thanks for being my 667!
One of these days, I'll get it right.
Friday's show with will re-air tomorrow at 9AM CST on
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
Download it whenever you need a pickup :-)
Today's tip: Seal heating & cooling ducts. Ducts that move air to & from a furnace, central AC or heat pump are often big energy wasters.
I once fell asleep chewing gum...woke up choking on it....
“: What's going on tonight?” #LakeShow! Lol!
Coming down in sheets on 125th & Greenfield.
Decided we'd start back up the right way. We go into the studio Monday to record our new single. Grab it at the big show TBA. -dg
So used car salesman agrees to arrange killing of Saudi Ambassador to US. Just shows what those guys will do to make a sale!
Infinitely Virtual Announces VMWare vCloud Director Capability, Giving IT Pros Greater Control and Flexibility in ...
Which HubSpotter's costume was your favorite?
keep it up! it's hard to get it right imo, but once you do…look out! you won't be able to stop!
Great Swamp Conservancy to host 11th annual festival - Utica Observer Dispatch
Peace loving is not enough. Peace makers are needed.
This lame tho
Yeah last nights #basketballwives was a real low for TV. That show needs to go, as well as Bad Girls club.....
sounds good. Thanks
Man I tear up at the most random parts of this movie
And how did I go this long thinking I was following and I was not?!
Come check out surrendervegas this weekend only
Archeology in Kuwait + re-thinking the origin of human development and cities
RT : lol.... awww poor #Fakers. getting run over like as
ikr that would be nice and Harrys.
RT - Lloyd is the Cleveland Indians mascot.
I may be interested as time permits. We could grab coffee?
about to watch stick it!
(Via ) ...Damn editorial mandates. -Just tie your jeans around your neck. Form a "trouser-cape" & call yourself THE DUNGA-REAPER
"faith is awakened by the message, and the message that awakens it comes through the word of Christ" Rom 10:17
pick me! I have Angel fans coming in from OC and I want them to see the #Padres beat those #Angels!
That'd be tight. RT Sometimes I wanna make and airplane with 5 cats ... and fly out to saturn and write music on a ring.
Tonight is the last night to enjoy our venue. We will be closed till Aug.
A married couple who filed jointly and collectively made $18,500 and took no deductions would pay more in taxes than Mitt Romney.
thanks for the mention. Looking forward to your tweets.
Look up Wizard People, Dear Reader on youtube, watch and laugh
im 21 now nigga, shotgun a four loko or ill
I think I have! Thank you for the recommendation!
Is there any research out there re: efficacy of Cycles vs. other approaches?
Having the best year I have ever had in my life! Awesome!
So followed quite a few monsters yesterday, wish he followed me =)
why t/f is she talkin like that in this movie on #BET lol
Umm u didn't know that's king dig a ling rt": I just followed Instagram and umm yea he's nasty smh"
Planning class on religion and TV: True Blood or Friday Night Lights? BSG or Drop Dead Diva? Suggestions for shows , episodes and articles?
You CAN NOT run into anything with a "mart" on the end before Valentine's day and this cashier is slow as HELL!!! I just needed shampoo!
the sad thing it all came from him. What did you get? :)
TrainingTube is a great video offering
#ILikeObamaCare so much I'm willing to argue with ignorant teabaggers on twitter until my phone dies.
How the hell am I supposed to concentrate with the largest hippie drum circle ever assembled pounding away for hours outside?
no! :( you can't talk about that yet
I think I'm in love...lol
Thanks! We appreciate it!
No argument here! RT : I feel like communication is the only way to make anything work!
I have so much to be thankful for... never a reason to stress the small shit. blessed in more ways than I can imagine.
The first person to message me on twitter lol :-P:-P
Thanks for the post and mention!
#inmiddleschool i got accused of beating up a handicap
Zumba kicked my butt and I'm lovin it!!!
Mourdock said that "Indiana will not stand" for France electing it's own president...yeah...he's a fucking nutjob
It's better to have loved and lost than to spend the rest of your life living with a psycho.
Not saying that he'll put up with it... But he will fight thru it. I def appreciate that.
It's March! How fast time flies...
LOL FUCK THEM. I WAS FLIPPING OUT.
Do you know which bank has a program that actually pays sellers to short sale their homes? Find out by calling 702-245-7227
Okay, just got back from my cruise. Went on the Norwegian Sky...didn't care for it too much.
My dog is pregnant
We love you! RT : whoa thanks for the #FF! Love that place!
He's not your prince charming if he doesn't make sure you know that your his princess <3
#RETWEET If You Want 50+ Followers! - (Must Be Following Me) - ♥ #TeamFollowBack ♡
Y me estoy volviendo a viciar con Cough Syrup
Technically she changed her status to "homeschool" but I see no evidence of studying and she seemed vague about how she was learning.
So if you do all of your manufacturing up in NJ, how does your material arrive? Do you use Bulk or Packaged delivery?
I wish I knew
#ACMs - That's unusual - Steve Martin playing Banjo with Rascal Flatts!
Omg.. a gay on my friend list..
please follow me♥ I love you so much! 10
One given, the logic of accumulation :: some generous definition of graceful unzippering, the body as public invention.
oh thanks x
Please follow me , if i follow you back :) xx.
I ask you: how many cups of bad coffee can I consume in 1 workday? Current count: 4, across 2 offices in 2 boroughs.
How about you just shut the fuck up!
Luther Vandross is just so amazing #NP "A House Is Not A Home"
G.M.N.I.: Long night ahead. No rest for the wicked es lo que dicen. Ya sabes.
ADELE'S DONUT BRINGS ALL THE LOGANS TO THE YARD
o-0 I'm kinda lost with this?!, I dnt know wats the hype abt twitter?! owell
I mean, like, wow.
": Ninety-nine percent of pumpkins sold in the United States are for the sole purpose of decoration." What a waste.
hypocrisy in its finest form, well played
nah b4 too long we will b out havin manis n pedis
Google Analytics Has Over 10 Million Users | Technology News
Spent the morning covering the race for the cure. Also spent the morning fighting back tears and being inspired
I keep hearing so much about Shades of Grey and all I can think of is "wow people really liked that episode!"
Missin the rise against concert sadly. ):
Glad to see all your participants tonight. Have a great chat everyone!
Well I reside solidly in the non-FBer camp. I think it has its merits if you're selling a service or a product, and yes, it can be..
It was so great seeing you!! love LOVE the blog post :) xoxo
Ooohhh yes! I swear on the FSM that I can be there!
oh please find a way to squeeze me into that crammed schedule of yours
Move here if you feel like youre at home ;D
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected. - Charles Lamb
that sounds dirty
Lmfaooo so I'm very dramatic lol buut o well. When I'm done I'm done
Im so jelly of people who live in Miami they get to meet </3
"you are one lucky bastard" needs to be someone's catchphrase. maybe a character on Downton Abbey?
#ABQ ranks 9th of 43 U.S. metro areas in "#Green Cities Index"! Save green with with #Pella #Windows and #Doors!
Duke lost? Awww who did they lose to? Oh yea a 15 seed =]
Where can I get some of those #ticketoak acorns?
Knowing Tony, I think this is just a complaint about general perceptions of humanities. Not about DH.
Thanks for the follow - Happy Valentines day!
As per Dr. Oz: 7-Keto DHEA. Boosts Metabolism!
RT : The LORD is gracious and merciful, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast #LOVE. Ps 145:8
More names of early Victor phonograph models: Radiolette, Magic Brain, Superette, Pick-me-Up, Nursery, Bi-Acoustic, Modern Blonde, Super-Six
Congratulations to you both. The bicycling community celebrates it's newest member.
Classic! Totally adding that 2 a few playlists RT : I'm listening to Dirt Off Your Shoulder by Jay-Z
guitar is better and cheaper. I know some people.
How dare he? Doesn't he know is a VIP?
OF COURSE! :D i'm so excited to meet you!
That's terrible.. You guys making fun of that poor girl!
he needs proactive in his life...
do you think #TREND in home products are to add bold, cheerful pattern and color to home goods? People ready for a lift?
Yo Chief! when the USSR sold Mig jets, a personal delivery platform for #Billionaires was conceived but we were #boozin etc
Stop it, when were you sane?
Not even gonna lie right now I'm annoyed as shit, really dont wAnt to do anything tomorrow and I really just want to be in Michigan
my apt my apt my apt!!:)
this morning's email: a fresh series of bomb threats on dorms overnight, and a corresponding slew of "I'm going home" emails from students.
Eddie Trunks the best in the biz!
Ankiel walks up to Brain Stew by Green Day
Heading to SF in March.
Has anyone ever seen an interview conducted via two people on twitter?
if you have a problem with me, please write it nicely on a piece of paper, put it in an envelope, fold it up and shove it up your ass.
I miss you!
Valiant effort by the Timbers to keep playoff shot alive. Didn't get a win, but refused to lose. Highlights coming up
With , Mom, Dad, Grandma, Grandpa, , and
Wat about U?
Taking deep breaths, trying to stay in the moment & trust myself. After doing & teaching #yoga for almost a decade it should be simple.
I want to draft Kalil's mom at #3 forget him.
Big cheers to on completing dissertation. Good lord, that's a major piece of work!! Well done.
how come you never said hi? Are you a senior too?
: whenever I get money Im gonna cop your book it seems like there is a lot Im missing out
They need to stop with the music so i can hear 's sexy voice!!! :/
Nice but, Be careful ... Some Fans can be FANATICS!!!
Sections 3.6-3.9 are pretty important, though XMPP people would consider them fairly obvious.
Doing all we can right now. With no primary, it's all about fundraising. Hope you and Mo are doing well with the kids!!
ALL OF THE RUNNING BACKS RT : Patriots make it official, announcing Joseph Addai deal
law never ends!
I wanted a crunch wrap supreme, settling for double cheeseburger
Why is the sky not happy on clear days?It has the blues
Atleast I still get a bagel cove bagel
I was very excited there for a second because I thought I had found one part of my body that wasn't sore. I was wrong.
#indesignhelp my tables keep splitting across pages when I print! HELP!
I'm thinking I should eat before going to the grocery store. I'm still trying to get rid of all those white castle burgers in my freezer.
Joey Buona's, Louise's and China Gourmet deliver.
ok. You are special enough that I may just clean out my car ;0)
Yeah show this super moon whats up RT : I think you should moon some people tonight.
Bout to knock this communication and psychology exam out. What up Hodges?
Happiness is an inside job. I don't need to "book a job" to be happy. I choose to be happy right now.
your cable back up yet?
awesome news all around! Glad u got into and liked boardwalk too. You should check out game of thrones if you like fantasy stuff
watching Hunger Hits Home
All boys need to go to for girl advice because he is good with the ladies!;)
It must always relate directly to how life is better for everyone
The stache saves game ! RT : saves the day again!!
Me to RT : 10 am and all I want to do is dance....going to be a long day.
Happy Wednesday!
RT : #WaysToImpressMe: Be ambitious, intelligent, hilarious, respectful, sincere & chivalrous.
thx. I emailed Pat directly; I'll let you know if anything comes of it.
Chicago is my motto bitch! Quote it.
Not to crazy. Give me a call.
go ahead and do what?
Hopefully they had the Krispy Kreme icing too. RT : Had 3 consecutive dreams about jelly donuts.
Like, I have a problem.
so did I! Lol Thank you so much for everything tonight :) love youu xo
what did you think?
who are ya?
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 78
yeah, I didn't want to look.
Ruby doesnt even use her twitter l0l :(
Does this count? We ordered a Passat TDI in '11 but we have to wait til March '12 to get it! RT RT if you plan to buy a VW in 2012.
Glad to be at #ASLRRA2012 with (That's Norfolk Southern, by another name.)
": Fuck you UEFA & FIFA for never giving Henry Ballon d'or or World player of the year" Make that a double Fuck you! Hear Hear
Does anyone on #Bachelorette realize Emily's Ricky was Ricky Hendricks of Hendricks motorsports? Umm she's loaded & doesn't care about $$
if I could RT 100 times I so would...
Switched to iPhone, no more bbm.
oh haha that's a good idea :D
Has anything occurred since Dec. 1, '11 in Honduras to preclude travel of U.S. Citizens beyond pre-existing concerns?
Just had awesome film audition with Randi Hiller Casting for their new James Gandolfini flick! They are all so nice there too!
I still am cool )):
Well, it's Thursday. Better wear a fedora.
we care too much about how others see us, and not enough about how we see ourselves.
LOL! love me some chris colfer but his voice sounded hideous on Big Girls Don't Cry
It's been quiet over here, but I'll have a post up tomorrow morning and a few exciting updates for tomorrow :) Stay tuned!
Must be getting early. Clocks are running late.
Thanks for the follow. I would like to put our technology in ur bar for free.
Not "new" really, just additional. So many dif beliefs within labor. Politics do or don't matter. Dif levels of activism etc
Great riding weather in New York, now that it has cooled off. Just need a bit longer warm up.
Wave of change lol yep that is some change you got there
THIS. RT “: Retweeeet. “: Basketball is the worst sport ever !!””
2* Over Kentucky dave
I agree they should be punished, and punished severely. My job is to make sure it's the right person and mitigate the
": Got my Avengers tickets. I'm all nerded up, bro" YEAH! I'm on my way to see it too!
It's nice to meet you! I'm going to be a librarian next year - I hope! :)
So sad to see Hollie go...should have been Phillip...
WTF a Tech for that
Just remove the Oxford comma MT stinky, sweaty, intimidating money
Internal Grilling Temperature Quick Guide, BBQ your chicken to an internal temp. of 165 degrees F
Yeah baby pat urself on the back for some sweet counter surveillance & proceed directly to installing back ups to the wrong partition...Doh!
never ages! Awesome Performance!
⌘-F... RT : Seriously what did people do before Ctrl+F
#STREETFIXRHODEISLAND #STREETFIXRI stay tuned in to the #THENEWWAVE the hottest dj's on the phone or net.
Thanks for having me on to talk some and some #CollegeLax -- for a jersey kid, you're not that bad
easy.....hes sorry!
RT : Pshh..I'm sure all the boys think my farmer's tan is sexy
awe okay:( nite!
We can't wait to hear more about this trip!!!
Difficulty and jargon? How can conscious difficulty become a useful tool for generating self-awareness about reading?
Can't trust these men ha
"Twitter will always be a wire service of sorts" -- at #OPrint panel.
Tues night (Jan.11) at 8, 9, and 10pm on PBS, check out 3 specials on #Haiti: Deadliest Earthquakes, Battle for Haiti, Children of Haiti.
Life is to be fortified by many friendships. To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness of existence. Sydney Smith
thx for the shout out!
What I've learned from online dating: Every guy on earth is "prepared for the zombie apocalypse". lol Seriously? Jesus...
Iranian film "A Separation" & #GoldenGolbes winner is now nominated for #Oscars by
Really enjoying this lobbying and interest groups class.
How many pens are you wanting to house?
LinkedIn Business profile page created! Search for "Virtual Persuasion". Thank you to all of our followers!
The greatest feeling in the world is to love and be loved back.
We will be there via Houstons What a perfect day, its finally here.
“:Chris Manning 2014 6'6 SF Randallstown(Team Sizzle)Long body who can really run.Compliment any team”
It's just so great. The colors. Everything is magical.
Omg I was just at school and my mom almost ran into mrs.N ..... thankk god she didn't. 👍
EXCITED FOR #SandersSunday !:D
I found Kauai more relaxing and easier to get around. Maui has a more rugged terrain with Haleakala and the road to Hana.
Mexican jockey aboard Kentucky Derby winner
I'm going to miss mine too when it dies.. It's a '99 with 140,000 miles on it.
First 3 AM SalonEquip followers to request, will gt courtesy ticket to Salon Voices’
If my power goes off one more time, I will scream.
Jealous! I would do what you do for free! Any openings in that pay bracket? ;-)
I just shit myself wow that girls jacket on the right so beautiful
Benilde just scores... 1-0 over Hill Murray. #Jabby is cheering from the stands.
Last night in 311! Lots of good memories :)
Our mission is to address the growing inequality and poverty in #LongBeach by promoting
hey how come u didnt upload ur cooldowncollab video today?
'It's a transformative experience to simply pause instead of immediately filling up the space.' -Pema Chodron
National Best Friend day(: #loveyougirl !
what are you talking about? I'm all over it?
Do some people really not have anything better to do than walk around the mall?
listening to your songs on replay♥
Where were you on 9/11/2001? How as the day impacted your life 10 years later?
Hey fuckers in Congress:
Board of Visitors what what
i think ur da onli celebrety not stuck up to reply to he's fans and to me dat says a lot keep it real bruh
Big booty bitch is bomb as fuck! Baby make that ass clap 👏
Thinking about plans for the day
TY for the RT : #FOLLOW~~> Champion of social media and Witty Entrepreneur!
you know what sucks..... when you expect alot of followers on your first day on twitter!!!! but you end up only having 2!!!
We hope you can join us for the #ReadEveryDay #FamEvent in May!
Who wants my number? ;D
#ff Our weekend crew! #patCAST Live Show Tomorrow Night! www.Pat-Cast.com
Austin is my inspiration. Those 4 words are so true. He is and he will always be. Nobody or nothing will ever change that. I promise<3
Especially after 5pm on Fridays. :D
No one even knows both sides of the story and yet they still keep judging....
Sometimes I love that my Boss is an 80's baby- He made us play 'Angry Birds' for the first 15 minutes of our Manager's Meeting today!
It would do a world a HUGE favor if you just..... you know... LEFT... THIS WORLD.... FOREVER!
thanks for following!
but of course.
Jon Koncak and Jeryl Sasser. Welcome to the rich tradition that is SMU there Larry Brown. Far cry from your other CBB jobs (UCLA & Kansas)
ya we can figure out a time later just text me
I sure hope so. I think hoodies transcend age ;-)
glad you had fun!
Lucky you--I have wanted to see them for years...Have a good time--hope it is a great show!
Fascinating... Baby aspirin, NOT recommended for babies.
Yeah i am alright what you been up to
Listening to the new Todd Snider. It's pretty good.
Boston better not let Atlanta win !
I miss my seniors already. :(
lol, thanks! It was an experiment for work. I'm learning the ropes!
All of you were in band and I'm in choir.
Ha. Sorry. I saw a license plate yesterday and thought of you... it said "Hey-Oh" :)
The Glow Salon and Spa deal will be over in less than 10 hours! Get over to www.crowdclick.com and don't be selfish- tell your friends!
Not a fan of this kit combo. We should always be trying to wear the sporting blue, especially at home
Well, you know his smartass-ism didn't just start with that last tweet! Cc
Meeting tomorrow for my trip to Rome! I'm not even mad that's is a 2.5 hour meeting because it'll be exciting to hear about!
worth a try ;-)
Daily reminder: "arguing with a stupid person is like wrestling with a pig. All you get is dirty, and the pig likes it."
I'm up but for work :p
I WILL KILL IT. PRO WASP KILLER HERE SINCE 2012.
fuck that nigga, you wanted one.
we will see you at the track!
"I think being traded to the #Mariners was my worst injury." ~Former #Brewers Jeff Cirillo
The concert was awesome!!!!
i wanna see pictures of you from prom missy!
To achieve, you need thought. You have to know what you are doing and that's real power. -Ayn Rand
#SaySomethin lets get it up to #1 TT lets do it for
baaah! i wish i had known, i would be there right now!!!
This gonna be a long drive back home
Sitting on a bench drinking a Coca-Cola at 86th and 5th. Just went to the MET and saw Egyptian stuff. Love this place
Lovely Weather we are having
luck you! Have a great trip.
when I was young my moma look at and said girl yhu gone break hearts cus yhu to cute for just one
S/O to pretty gurl representative
You are welcome. We will be in touch in next day or two re next steps.
The Band Perry to perform at Maryland State Fair
MT : Lack of wifi, 'net connex continues to be an embarrassment at Capital Newspapers Bldg. #spjmadisontraining <-I was shocked
Prepping a monologue for Hollywood Bootcamp.
Early for dinner at Palate; guess i'll get a headstart at the bar. Gin rickey time!
Please feel free to call my office to discuss your specific case. We are always working on new procedures.
yeah pretty much. Pre school, kindergarden, 1st through 8th grade, then freshman, sophomore, junior, senior, college.
Bulls win, now lets get a Heat lose.
OH MY GOD I HATE THAT SONG
ohmygoodness we have to go see the movie now. Adam and Aaron might have to suffer watching a chick flick. #sorrynotsorry lol
OH! Yeah, you'll do fine, then :) I was worried this was a serial Guinea Pig library...
playin a love game
bro I've been wanting to meet with u and since last year! Let's make it happen!
Come and jooiin me we'll ditch the sleepy heads=))!!
Locos on the Destroyers 20 yd line after a big sack and a fumble recovery
Dear Shane West, pls be in another movie like A Walk To Remember. You are so great in that.
hahaha wow i am still going to do that too
Love it!
I like it too!
Losing built in macros in Amisys 4.0 creates data entry headaches....use #Foxtrot to automate data entry in Amisys and save your budget!
can I get you ANY way??? I really want to talk to you...
I am going crazy and thinking way too much right now.
I suppose this book needs some chapters.
Thanks for the RT!
Only ONE spot remains for the Spring 2012 season of Don't miss this chance to have the time of your life.
A brandname for a company is like a reputation for someone. You earn reputation by attempting to do difficult things effectively.
in Ps: background copy, then on the rt, look for Color balance, midtones, cyan/red -100. Then desat the face as best you can.
ohh. then dogs.
1% of the way there with 100 days left to go, right on pace.
lol stop being disrespectful
how many twitters you got?
Time magazine cover, the true example of a titty baby, ehhh, I mean toddler.
almost everyone in his story is a human w a story, regardless what they do/who they are. A refreshing lack of self-righteousness.
one day you will tweet me and it will be the best day of my life
Bigger than Chubb?
go make some honey!
To all Miami Heat haters - Lebron has no problem making the big shots!!
MT : Attending multicultural hr on far we've come since 06 Time Out article "Why is Chicago Theatre so white"
Two replies - 1 said #acrl2011 and 1 said #acrl11. I'm seeing both being used. The ACRL website says #acrl2011 is the official tag.
Always happy to meet and give some advice/quote. Please call on 01636 640 321 to arrange. Thanks Simon
I say it that way too. "Jen" is kind of a Utah thing.
Aw, me too. I'm in love with his voice.
smooth travels on 81 s tonight1
Herman Cain isn't having affairs -- he's creating jobs.
Wet roads lead to gridlock on I-75; I'm glad is doing the driving!
Hm that sounds good
London book fair and Richmond park for 's Birthday!
Big day ahead for the last home game of the season. Grilling every animal we can think of and have setting up.
hey good morning again :-)
JLO is a bad bitch ! She's doing it big $$$
# True (2Chainz Voice)
And Greenbay is hushed...
Just discovered the site via Ben Heckendorn/my interest in PC/XBOX360 Mods. Glad I did! Had & used tools since elementary school.
Boo just made New Years breakfast - awesome!
For additional entries into the Ride w/ Lance Sweeps, submit Photo Flashes at www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance
I am a huge fan of that show, can't stop watching the episodes over and over again :-)
Bout to hit up ambridge with ashlee
High tunes
Alright let's talk about christmas.
try now? sorry about that!
Seeing this shop full of Thomas Kincaid paintings is bringing out my inner arsonist. #IKnowCensorshipIsWrongButCanWeMakeAnException?
My grandparents came to church matching..
Can't wait to move out this Hell House so I can get a descent couple hours of sleep !
make that two RT @[]: I might be having one of my 'i hate everything' days
Jordan says "these are difficult times." She talks about Garcia's indictment for allegedly steering a no-bid contract to a Houston woman
!! RT Eggfast burritos is so good...winning right now hahah
followed! Thank you!
#ThingsIWantTheMost: to be able to start paying all my bills by myself before I turn 18.
Hell ya!
historian lol? The LA Riots was in 92, we was all around during the Rodney King beating
At Late Night With And The Boys ! :)
They should at least be civil and not fight.. No more blood baths
The fall TV season will be starting soon! Which shows are you looking forward to seeing?
Peaceful Litigation Settlement - Can also include marital agreements such as pre and post nuptials.
Looking for more twitter followers... #FollowMe and I will follow you..Thanks!
Happy Valentines Day <3 love you guys!
In 3 days ill be in VEGAS BABY!!
I'm in the mood for some ziti
Good lord. When will news organizations remove the technology grandpa term "Cyber" from their vocabulary? I'm looking at you
Here's to the nights I won't remember with the friends ill never forget <3
I want to go see the #HungerGames tomorrow night!
I wouldn't tell Abed, he's pretty ruthless.
Getting my shower in and off the tucc. (fart sound)
The boy studies with - practice makes perfect (-:
exactly what I needed (also, I should have thought of that myself)!
contact Shametra she is on one of the committee's and should be able to help you contact someone. Hope this helps.
Thanks we deserve to be treated that way <3 just like you treat Sarah :)
110,339 Total Votes at Present For Favorite New Country Band of November.... with leading slightly. Best to all Contestants!
Learn more about becoming a 2010 Walk to Empower sponsor at our Corporate Breakfast on 11/5/09 @ 8:00 a.m. at the Daniels Fund.
stop tryna pull a fast one.
The world won't end in 2012 because my yoghurt expires in 2013.
If you can't be at tonight's town hall, follow the hash tag #wonk for tweets from us & the #AmericanU community.
after seeing that I can kinda understand where DoD is coming from. No doubt those are the guys pushing the Amero.
we are already following , but great recommendation!
Rude 20somethings wanted me to stop and answer their questions/survey on the street.
Thank you... a tough day so I needed a little inspiration.
CNN is saying that the GOP have a "media bkaming' problem. I just have a problem with CNN period.!!!!!! Go to hell MSM!!!!!!!
My new ambition will require a lot of dedication, and may cost me friends and family but its worth it
how original
A Place Pictures just shot our first commercial!
Im just sick of it
Then my best friend and the same two chicks asked me if I was a virgin. When I said yes they laughed. My freakin' best friend laughed at me.
Hey so did you see my comment on Instagram? Do you miss your hair?
Looool my condolences.
You know I am always down to hang out!
smooth and safe travels to ya!
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
delete the ap and redownload
I'm gonna creep on to wake her up.
girl ur lucky...have fun scream ALOT!!!
concert #Ollie's thanks for coming our way tonight
Oh... what a Monday.
Pastor Winans to the musicians..."you know it...ok...come on....."
Definitely have met people who don't like ketchup...never anyone that doesn't like BBQ sauce.
lol ugh im so bored
haha. Not if kobe doesn't get in the game. They might get beat by 20 lmao
i love when people talk about my relationship.
w00t! Empower yourself by fighting back! RT "If I could wave a magic wand and do one thing, I would empower women." -Condoleezza Rice
Never seen so many iPads in my life
Lmao some guys brought toy swords to play with! :o
great show in Cincinnati, Ohio last night!
Love 'em!! Maegan has the keenest eye for fashion details
The more money we make the more problems we see- Diddy
you were my 1000th follow! also my saab rules all...
What are the three words guaranteed to humiliate men everywhere? 'Hold my purse.'
Taking the scenic route back home
Thank you. To you as well. :)
I was a wasted walking baby giraffe last night.
“: here's to the kids who are sluts.”Me <3333333
He Said No .
No more history. Please. I don't care.
or should I say all grown up? HA!
so dark so early...time to gym shop
Thx! RT“: I wish I could go to #wgi this weekend to see They are amazing. Instead I'm going to drums next week.
Panksepp is one of my heros. I wrote about him in my dissertation. Good article on slate you RTed.
Off to a late Oktoberfest-style beer tasting party thrown by the gracious No better way to spend a fall evening.
Thanks for the RT!
Would you be willing to cover our RIFT red carpet premier/theatrical release to your site and do an Exclusive
"If it cannot be us, let it be our children who lead us to peace."
I suppose I have illegitimate brain babies all over town...it's impossible, in LA, to keep one's hilarity to herself.
nice! and very accurate as far as i can tell =) very, very cool
looked stunning tonight on reunion! #teamphiphi top3 and phuck the haters! Congrats Sharon Needles!
Everything in Moderation... except for coffee! :-)
did I forget to mention these are my jeans for yard work?! Oops... My bad!
you better (;
Absolutely. RT : 84 degrees in Chi-city. It would be wrong not to find somewhere to drink outside, no?
Picked a good day to stop at Dilly Cafe in Mariemont, OH - just tapped Avery Maharaja! Holy hops, Batman!
#Texas2ATL Ok time to do shows in the ATL - The Hit & The #SouthDallasSwag Dance is really on fiya here SERIOUSLY wurk time.
Tim Thomas is a douche for refusing to go to White House for Stanley Cup day. If a D did that to R Pres. they would say he hates America.
going to mira loma to look at a house
Big time #SALUTE to my lil brother for his grad frm #BenedictCollege today!! PLS RT
older would be nicer!
hey brendan what's up ? :D what's going on ?xD
Happy weekend, everyone!
Don’t expect to finance $25,000.00 with no money down for 60 months at $400.00/mo. Even at 0% interest
Also, being a writer who never wins Scrabble reminds me of being the only nerd in high school who couldn't win at chess.
why thank you, you guys are not the far, if i take a trip, i will call ahead...Cheers! Happy Friday :)
What’s your favorite dish at Big City Tavern?
Good thing Sadie is sleeping right now. She would be going crazy with all of these runners running through our alley and down the street.
RT : Grow a strong local economy. Build a healthy community. Support Local Independent Business. Keep it local.
measure behavior, not aggregation, on Facebook and Twitter. Clicking a like button is not a blood oath. get over it.
Thanks to everyone who came out to this year's parade- what a fun day!
Most depressing moment is when my dog just looks at me and I know he's in pain but I can't do a thing to help
“: ESPN is reporting that hurt his ring finger. What ring?! #Quitness”
I love showing up to the laundry room right after someone who owns a cat :|
hahaha...sorry.Hey, sorry I haven't called back this evening. Got caught up w/ shit & was exhausted. Will call tomorrow! xo
and that's a bad thing?? ;)
bahaha! Too funny
just woke up from a really weird and fucked up dream. I've been watching too many sci fi shows
got work... N goin back at 4:30... N of course I'm changing.... Cuz bitch imma boss...
Irish up by 7. Let's finish this shit
one love Scott.
So...I was just at The Grove. I saw Ariana Grande, Paris Hilton, Latoya Jackson, a star whose name I can't remember, and Matt Bennett!
Sometimes it's easier to just let go and move on.
hi, i'm awkward.
I did. For the same reason. Its a'ight. :p -CV
He'd pull it off perfectly
without braces equals an Angel <3 he got them off at 10:49 in Chicago time :)
playing the waiting game...
Thanks! I always make the most of it. Definitely look for pictures upon my return :)
Up early to go with and watch my Dad's taping of the 700 Club.
do whatever you want but never settle for less
NEW OPENING seeking Top 40 bands 4 to 6 piece that specialize in hit music from the 50s to today, all styles Must have a promotional video
Not everyone is born good or evil! Sometimes it's nurture that turns them either way. Jealous you're playing skyrim.
playing around with my résumé design at work today.
why Cleveland?
Woke up sick. This came out of nowhere. And I'm not happy about it.
iWish He'd Talk To Me /:
: That is what I said.
You are very welcome :)
Josh Hamilton--insanity!
It's gonna be a crazy week before Thanksgiving with all the cooking that's has to get done, I'm loving every minute of it.
Living as citizens of King Jesus is hard. It is not supposed to be easy, Jesus Died.
Ahaha Uu Ah Foo RT : then we ship it outta town call it safe sex ha
Thanks for including us!
After 1 plate of filipino food, i have the urge to run it off
Lord Junior year over....cant believe ima b a senior again, time is flying
Standards higher than kites.
sign up with the link provided...it will save you some cash!
#pinterest used to be fun and original, now it seems like a lot of advertising. :(
Thx for posting headlines from the mtg last night. I couldn't make it (live on the steep side, but glad for the update)
Holding an iPhone 4S, I dont understand why I've used a BlackBerry for the past 4 yrs. This really redefines "smartphone" for me.
Does anyone know if an author of an idea in a copyrighted novel retains the intellectual rights? ?
Got a state of mind right now... #grindseason #whereyourAgame?
Santorum data from Jan - before his surge. MT : Santorum behind GOP candidates in social media (Obama leads all)
Music is the soundtrack of your life. - Dick Clark. <3 RIP Dick Clark. New Years Eve Will Never Be The Same. <3
So you think you can hang with the big names on the Mic? ..but you jus can't afford quality sound recording.. Hit me up!
Omg today is where they are doing cheap tattoos but it's in Orlando ugh I wanna get me a tattoo :/
This bitch is so fuckin loud -__- it's 7:19 am
Got a code worth 20% active right now! Use code: twitter20
if you're in the Allen session, hang out afterwards to say hi!
So sleepy. Can I just nap for the rest of the last twenty minutes at my desk?
I thinks a great pick up. Another weapon
Im taking my mom out to brunch. First we have to find the right hotel. There are WAY too many Rosens on one road in Orlando :P
just back from a recording session for next record - amazing stuff on the horizon! is working some magic!
why does MLB history always have to happen against the O's. At least Cal making history was positive
Can't wait ANY longer for the game!
& we'll reply back w/ instructions. My web guy thinks ur spam folder got it, either way if u signed up you'll get tix
send me your email and ill send some samplels
No, see, that's not how it works. I take one side, you take the other one. And I took the anti-cutest dog side.
Living is naturally hell, we have to work to put a smile on
Having my own private roflolcon this weekend called "Ben prepares his presentation for AIC"
Double espresso! It's been quite a busy work week- Love it!!!!
I just bit the bullet and got a 10" Galaxy tablet lol
I am OC tonight.
I am an American citizen.
Looking for a three column wordpress theme with video capabilities in the header. Anyone???
Love you guys! Farm on!
Bobcats took some snooze juice in the locker room.damn,they were doing so good too.
I just want to acknowledge the general grooviness of and my community of tweeps. Love to you all. What else is possible?!
Any suggestions for twitter follows? Any type of class/athletics/ or people who take/teach classes will do!
saw your message today on FF and WWIM for junior academy - great place to start - next would be journal and Winning Golf.
I am in LOVE with 's song "Outlaws of Love" It is so beautiful!!!!
Well i don't mind i can be a bit of both
what your biggest fear
so how good is Cam Newton? torched us packers for 400+ yards
Bmore what'd up!
cam was right daamm jay stole lyrics from almost everyone in the game ... and pple worship jay smh blinded
Most misleading stat ever...
it's cool no worries I don't feel like complaining
nice good to hear keep doing great work and keep me posted
Kimberly Castle Attending Lingerie Football League Tryout - PR Web (press release)
If you don't go after what you want you'll never have it If you don't ask the answer is always no.
Flipboard on the iPad is my favorite late-night app.
not sure if it's sweet or lame that I'm watching your last ever JRIB at 10 on a Friday night. When does your CBS show start?
Everyone's a producer/DJ now...
Had a ball! 💜 ya back! “: love you friend! We always have so much fun when we go out”
definitely way cooler than planking! Great presentation!
you love it don't deny
Not fancy but DELICIOUS. Nothing happens fast here but if you like fresh food and "home cooked" meals, you will be happy.
Happy Teacher Appreciation Day to all the educators out there! Have you thanked a teacher today?
Finally going to earn a jetsetter badge on 4sq!!
Happy Friday! And a special happy birthday to my bro !! Love you man!!
Youngsters who show respect >
i am SO excited for next year! #finishyear is going to be so amazing! expecting great things to happen!
or the needs of kids who are on wait lists for charters....in the end its about putting the interest of kids above all else
This is one of my unending complaints that I am SURE my friends and professors are tired of hearing about. But it keeps being a problem.
For some reason seeing Bernie Lomax corpse gets me in the mood for Rocky Rococos pizza tho
yaa! Can't wait to see you - we need to get that collab on!
Just a reminder for everyone, without me, its just aweso.
Myles Kennedy doing an admirable job singing with
Reason 10 to love the BBA: Be an individual w/ our clothing boutiques, find unique pieces & discover the story behind the brand.
Truth...big problem in the Motherland. When can we go to Angola and help them? Fuck this middle east b.s.
Q: Why is air a lot like sex? A: Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
u know u looking at some new ones too.
#ReasonsYouGetStabbed You're a t-bone steak.
All Night Getting Wasted Like A Motherfucka!
Just got off work now chillin wit my babe :)
": Someone could offer me a million dollars to not pee on the seat of a moving bus and I'd lose every time.
I will refraine from droping the obligatory "He's a balla line" Damn I just did it.
Todd you're scaring us! RT : Not relishing the idea of my face being several feet tall on screen!
I shared the original convo with my bf, he astutely said you don't get to insert a smiley face for someone else
“: I don't deal with anyone I tweet.. If you see us tweeting, we are not fucking.. #FYI 😂😂😂😂 y'all gotta chill”
Ladies Entry $5 EVERY WEDNESDAY! ALL NIGHT LONG! Also, Holiday Party going on now...come eat!
Or be with
superman wears his pajamas
What a Lovely New York day... typical rainy day.
Arrived in DC this afternoon for #IAJGS 2011! Looking forward to a great conference!
I miss your touch and I miss your smile.
Apparently when you just get water & ask for lemon and sugar they know what you're doing...
This is the software craftsmanship movement
Why is it every move I make turns out to be a bad one where's my guardian angel? Need one wish I had one.
I know it is Christmas, but I am looking forward to the new year. Change is good.
whoa whoa whoa! I don't appreciate ya'll comin at me like this! I am a sweet little angel
“: You never hear the sound of the refrigerator until it stops. Appreciate things while you got them.”
#Album_Available: Now!! "My Sword My Shield" #Debut_Album Mixed & Mastered By
Shout out to our 700th follower !
Have something special planned for tomorrow's classes...
Game 6 performances: Pou Gasol 3 points. Marc Gasol has 23 points already tonight. Who could've guessed that Marc would be more valuable?
Does anyone else think #stafford is like that awkward smelly cousin that you try not to sit next to at Christmas?
although wearing purple while writing *does* make you write faster, I've done extensive tests! ;-)
At the smoke shop,DUQUE
Santorum knows how to say inevitable, but doesn't want to alienate southern voters by correctly pronouncing a four syllable word...
good for you girl!
Yay! I miss your short-lived previous blog. I need more snark in my life.
Wish I was sharing in this experience with that special someone.
At least you got it. They usually don't even bother ringing my buzzer and instead I have to go get it at the warehouse.
Fairly certain the Chancery menu was written by someone on speed. Or midway through a seizure.
If Tim Tebow has good mechanics than mine must be out of this world amazing
ahh yes don't blame you at all haha I know i'm meeting up with Wes & Manny there so even if you wanna chill, come by!
Come on C's...settle-in and get it going here...
IF YOU <3 ME <3 ME UNCONDITIONAL...
My #macbook is so old, crappy and slow, it even times out and unexpectedly quits when I restart/shut down :(
#NSMN If sports leagues don't play there will be too many ad dollars chasing too few GRPs.
haha no worries! I've been following your tweets regardless of your tardiness :)
Cute screenames. I guess I didn't think thru using their names.
#nowplaying .. Fooled Me Again
I wonder if Nevaeh is going to call and tell me HMD..she's probably still sleep tho
please! :) inspire me to finish my paper
I love Harry from It's so amazing how cute he is. It has to be the cheeks!
Sorry Clay, that tweet went out early -- the badge can be earned during the Fest!
"Church is the only organization that exists for its non-members" Evangelist John Wilkinson
What I really want is an app to make it simple and fun to do homework!
I'm glad you're hearing good stuff. Feel free to come by to check it out! cc
Lmao she knows.
hahahaha what a great class!
great words!
Daniel Willingham's book "Why Students Don't Like School" talks abt having just the right amount of challenge.
": you too!" Hi Mrs. Llorens! Thanks! Its great to hear from you. Enjoy your day Sis!
lmao I ain't even gone comment on that!
And a #SoupyTwist to you !
RT : The two best big men in the NBA are the two most immature dudes in the league.
All ready for my two day work week!
aww thanks Becca! Love ya to! :)
email me at qbsgraphics(at)gmail(dot)com... send details and image.
Not to be confused with the similar-sounding "cocoa tree", who's leaves are processed and synthesized into cocaine.
I added some reverb, so it doesn't naturally have the "echo" effect, but it sounds awesome wherever you play it!
Lol...don't you hate when you ask a question and you think you asked it first and Ari's answers someone's elses same question??! :(
Those were the days, I miss my crazy USAA stressed out binges too...
I was thinking Prohibitionist.
Starting to plan trip to Brazil in December: ten days.
We got our tickets to PA3 in the DOME on Friday at 10:45. Looking forward to hearing the crowd scream!
come over to work in the yard or pick things if you want this summer! :)
everyone i hope you know im not the official angel. this is kind of a fan twitter for her. #NoHate my real twitter is (:
i wokeup yesterday.. now i dont wanna talk about it
Well...next time you're in town, We are bad at planning. & I used to have the same prob in dallas
Dreamt about a work party in which Tina Fey asked for my card and Maya Rudolph held my purse while I looked for it. This is my life.
Last week's Friday Faculty Fest with Rev. Otis Moss I was a fantastic workshop. Thanks to all who attended!
incredible story to read of an entrepreneurial spirit such as this one. These kids today are amazing.
": Omg here these girls start with there little kid Drama" lmfaoo right like back the fuck up uglysss lmfaoo!
Since its the season of giving I think I'll give out a ass whoopin
Who's partying in south beach tonight?
Hello everyone, in just days we will have our site fully operational, goals: to win offices with Independent Thinkers, Chicagoans.
The word listen contains the same letters as the word silent. - Alfred Brendel
people who say whatev or whatevs, will never be
asking myself the same thing
Let's go Buccos!
"You think I should get a rocking chair at work? -
Who's better: #alabama or #LSU? What's anticipated for what some people are calling "one of the best games all season"? -...
u have the best twitter profile pic ever..
We always like to add to our sub list. That's where we get our teachers from. Send resumes to !
Hey , Think the debacle will turn into #Komen, round 2? Hoping yes, so they can clean house!
It looks like #Hugo and #TheArtist will be slugging it out all night long.
Can anyone recommend a good, reliable cleaning lady in Bmore, who would come up to the Mt Washington/Pikesville area?
keep on the wine and you will be the party. Just don't fall off the bar when dancing on it!
Thank you for the follow ! (-:
Oregon received a letter of inquiry. Well that narrows down my college choices a little bit.
Buying a new pony! RT : What do Soler and Co. plan on doing with large allocation money for Agudelo btw?
“: rock my world!” --> is it because I'm a geologist?!
#HurricaneIrene a Category 2 #hurricane making landfall. Power outages expected
And on that note I'll take a water
I called you a douche. I wouldn't be flattered by that. You should have spelled stupid "stoopid" I would have appreciated it.
cristal bear loves you!
no thanks
Life is FULL of ups and downs , just have to pick yourself up and be strong and be thankful for everything you have.
#arentyoutiredof not having a job? We can't help you that. Sorry.
excited for 3rd period tomorrow!
I had a weird ass dream last night
I miss ya already cutestufffffs. I love you so so very much.
vermicompetition (n) - a race to see which worms eat the most in a compost.
I also agree with that. I also am hoping for a new American star to step up soon.
Lights, camera, action! Can't find a live subject who's glamorous? Improvise. Find shots in a catalog or magazine & shoot.
Will be reunited with my best friend later!
If you like JB, check out my page Justin Bieber (To my heart) on Facebook!!!
WATCH REPAIRCRYSTALS,BAND BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 ! stop by get FREE CHARM BEAD LIKE PANDORA,CHAMILA,WHILE S LAST
We reported this on Sunday's show. Graphic said Sam Maresh, IU's Jerimy Finch and PSU's A.J Price are not returning.
I'm so glad I've never read the phrase "You Are What You Tweet" on my Twitter feed. Thanks, everyone. You're alright!
What wholesaler in Sacramento carries your product?
Lame nigga be quite
I hope that French girl comes back someday. I'll ask her to say cheeseburger.
Don't you turn my nightmares into dreams again
Sometimes You Have To make Sacrifices in Life in order to be Successful...
thanks for following Better Wine Guide, we've been following you for a while!
hahahhaha oh man am I funny or what? Goodtimes
some things just never change..
de Freitas: why games are so motivating: they map well against larger human behavior
is bitterly disappointed by her school - I do have a Phd you know!
coming! In August
:) thanks for your help, and for having great ideas.
You act as if you're perfect when you're far from it.
Heyo Enid! just back from 2 weeks in the Great North sans email or (gasp) twitter. How goes the awesomeness that is ?
RT Bourbon o'clock, y'all.
Oregon lost a double header to the Watertown Goslings....That hurt!!
FRIENDS COME AND GO, BUT MY LOVE FOR GOD and MY CHILD IS FOR EVER... XoXo
“: Egg producers fund study confirming the health benefits of eggs" AND THE WINNER OF MOST EXCITING TWEET IS.....
Know late to the game, but installed git and made first commit to a repository. Getting my #ZF #REST #API codebase together for blog post.
and all your dreams sharing with me and your secrets baring with me and the flaws, you aint even got to mention to me
I still have faith in this series. But we HAVE to start playing!
is that some kinda rodent thing?
Whoever wrote songs on Get Rich Or Die Trying album needs to come out of retirement and help a nigga out.....
will be this friday from 5-8pm signing autographs!!!
Finally learning how to retouch a persons face via Photoshop and #Gimp. Lesson one: changing lip color and eye color.
Abc family just bleeped out mr wilson saying the letters "GD" in dennis the menace. I am furious. They ruined my favorite line.
my case just hella saved my phone just now.. ay protect your smart phones people it's worth it!
That's a good question! It should, though I bet they overlooked this.
I am making this shit happen for the 13th.
Very insightful! RT : love that non-verbal cues can tell the real story! | Reading Non-Verbal Communication in UX...
I Ain't One Of Them Lol
coffee & ice cream sandwich :)
i get bored easily.!
: This is so upsetting! As a book nerd, I might be overreacting, but I thought there were a few good novels to choose from.
So looking forward to it! MT: Luckily & I are already coming in!“: 20% off all bottles of wine”
"YA THINK THESE FUCKIN COCKS WILL HOLD US???
"She reads too many novels."
Thanks for ReTweeting.
I...um...that sounds odd.
Rebounds were split at 43
Getting #Nipples pierced tomorrow holy fucking nervous omgaawwd!!
Newbury Street: Blueberry-Lemon froyo hits the machines and raspberry topping is back! Come visit and make this sunny day even sweeter!
As I type this tweet on my MacBook I think how Steve Jobs impacted my life. I counted on his vision & feel the loss of him in a personal way
it's a very informative program
Thanks for the follow! We're trying to promote the idea that views extend beyond labels!
heehee your cute.
I'm signing off for the day/night Can't believe it. He was only 46, and in great health. Why did he just suddenly die like that?
who's that?? Lol
That test was easy gladd u taugh us well
is there a icehouse chronicles tonight ?!?!
Usher is the shizzle and TWO CHAINZ is the best thing ever!!
RIP to and his homie alex vega.two good ppl gone in an instant.his words "Thumbs up Pinkies down"
R.I.P. MCA clownin funky fresh up in heaven
Seriously 0 for 2 today. Today needs to be over. Have I mentioned I still have to run 5 miles home bc Im without transportation.
welcome Emily tks for connecting, pleased ur reading our book. your book title is irresistible "Effective Immediately".
I keep it on and poppin!
97 out of 100 homes have a smoke alarm, more than 33% are unprotected bc the smoke alarms don't work. Change your battery today!
It's a beautiful day outside to watch the Knicks get eliminated.
He down mike
To say that this is the worst Congress EVER would be an understatement of epic proportions.
you are so lucky xo
Some really good writing there, man. Not easy to write about Patpong and keep it fresh, but you certainly did.
What a show! Feeling blessed to share the stage with such amazing performers. Thanks to them and to all who came to support
i love you!!!!! You dnt have to follow me but cn you rt :) <3
it is a fee hun!
Got my Ubuntu converted laptop online!! Netgear WNA1000M micro USB adapter worked straight out of the box.
Goin home to see my baby :)
Pretty much off book for my newest role in "Freedom Summer". It's a great & educational piece. Absolutely amazing. Glad to be a part of it.
But you don't wanna get burned! You wanna get tan.
"Did I just eat too much chocolate?" sounds like the perfect title to my autobio
Also so proud of the Nets tonite!!! looked so damn cold at the end
Ham. Nice throw dude.
How is everyone this evening/morning/afternoon/night?
life could be a lot more fair if we worked together for a more balanced country. Tell your 9 year not to lose hope.
Your learners want conversation more than prescription! Let's help them!
Exciting things are happening at Owneraide headquarters
Yeah! Tampa beats Caps 4-2. Thanks for that!
Amazing weekend topped off with a fantastic meal so good! Grape & goat cheese salad & corn bread perfection.
Finally seeing #hunger-games tonight. Oh yeah
Do you want to be our Valentine? :-*
UNACCEPTABLE. RT : This is Milwaukee, kids. You may not spell Bob Uecker's name wrong.
Got another customer hooked on after demo'ing it at their office yesterday. Welcome to the Cloud!
True. Outside the frame was a picture of a lady's legs with panties around the ankles. Lest we think it's a pet grooming salon.
VIP at the MGK concert
rad! thanks. also: more places should follow the lead of ... just sayin'...
After a few thoughts, I suppose some of my "disrespectful" tweets are about religion and politics.
": MBTA Red Line trains are skipping Central Square due to a suspicious package at 625 Mass Ave."
Damn near don't care what you think anymore means nothing to me never have. This isn't just out of anger
Sometimes I pretend that I don't care. But really, I care more than anyone else ever will.
Big Josh got drafted!!!
is about to beat the shit out of Finlay!
Also, Sam's being old and sitting down 😒
pictchas of your new hair??? are they up anywhere?
Just murdered another joint produced by for
yup my last year (: thank god. but i still need summer school, so im graduating in augst.
They seem to listen when you're dead. Soo....
Over 270 people attended the SIS Networking Reception last night. What a great way to wrap up SIS Career Week!
hey. Thanx for the follow. Have a great day
Interesting historical perspective, Jonathan!
hey hey hey, dont pull the mean card on me. :3
how stunning! i love moleskine journals!
What if today was just a dream ? And my dream was actually real ? O.o
#history #museum #historical Wednesday History Quote There is nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come. – Victor Hugo
Being a kind, liberal soul, I'm hoping for prison for you, Ted.
At oreganos.. Yummy
Went to Sushi-Mon on Silverado and Maryland. It's a busy place! Everyone seems to like it. $27 All you Can Eat.
Well thank you for the support. I truly appreciate it. Its an edgy read but I've only gotten good feedback so I hope you enjoy it
Did I really just hear THE GOSSIP on a DIOR commercial? The same Gossip who played The Way Out Club in '01 or so? Where have I been?
tomorrow night
Just had a sword fight with while deciding what our new interior design/office layout should be. Fun Friday?
Every day I smoke weed and look at twitter. Today it kind of feels like everyone is looking at me.
Say NO to this rainy day and come hang at Murray Hill TONIGHT!! New Smyrna Tomorrow!! with von Wolfe and Frameworks!
#LiesPeopleAlways Tell ..."sorry I stopped texting you...I fell asleep". Just say the truth-you were tired & didn't want to talk anymore!
Wish the descendants of the Mayans were profiting off #2012 the way programmers profited off
From our VO talent: If all the studios could run their ships like you do, the v.over community would bow down and kiss lilipip’s feet. Woot!
do you sell individual 1.3oz packets of sticky toffee buns @ ? I'm feeling non-commital.
one minute you like me the next you don't, gosh boy you need to make up your mind!
Consuming vegetables and fruits may reduce the risk of #Alzheimer, show studies in the United States and Japan.
The man behind the hottest beats of B.E.A.S.T. music: FOLLOW
Brb Like Anyone cares
Same for ! I wish you guys delivered!
Who is this?
Thank you for advertising the #Meisner workshop for Thursday :)
What's with all the ankle injuries I've seen today? Its like everyone played ball against me this weekend
I can help. you can email me at valerie.lopez at cision dot com
May all your troubles last as long as your New Year's resolutions. ~Joey Adams
not an old man... Just preparing for the night ahead
drink alot of water the day before or got get stinger buzz from a smoke shop
Heads up... #SpeedTrap! 7 patrol cars/bikes on Stone Way from 45th to 34th
OK up and working on Korngold songs today!!!
soo many ppl r saying just find another friend. everyones sayin that from wat they hear, shes a bad friend but shes not..
A new CQ Weekly cover story on cybersecurity by yours truly is due out Monday...
In the future, textbooks will be made obsolete by snappy infographics.
#CNNDebate Did Gingrich just say the Defense committee?
If you didn't see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears, don't invent it with your small mind and your big mouth.
Such a party!
I'm sorry. I think we've been hacked :-/
stop complain its too hot
The weather in Seattle has actually been very nice when the NPC co-chairs during site visits. :)
As much as I love Jimmy Nielsen and SKC, I'm a little ticked that some t-shirt designer jacked the Rapinoe hair shirt idea.
I agree with you.. I was underwhelmed & disappointed...but I did my good deed to support the overall concept
Wish I could be there for that lunch!
great seeing you today and its on the way.
Watching the survivors survive. They are the real heroes.
just got word of a show at a place called 2 Old Hippies for Saturday:)
S.C.H.O.O.L= Seven Crapy Hours Of Our Lifes
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/28/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Emerald City
Rumor has it You were rolling in the deep with someone else. & yeah we could've had it all. But you pist me of I set the rain on fire.
It's naivety and ignorance more than anything. If they do a quick Google search they'd find out more than they need to know
People wack and funny .
Come spend time with me in NYC! Or, can we have a Skype date and discuss what its like to live in cities other than LA?
We'd definitely be into having our music featured on your station. Let us know if you need some mp3 or wav. files
For if we have been united together in the likeness of His death, certainly we shall be in the likeness of His resurrection; Rom 6:5 EMTV
A Batchelder fireplace and a chicken coop for under $500k in Eagle Rock! House included!
World cup icon. VIVA #BRA :-)
You are a delight to have tea with! Thank you for following me on this journey! : )
cause I don't answer the phone. Kita I don't keep up with my phone during the day. I'm sorry :(
"The mere imparting of information is not education; ...the effort must result in making a man think and do for himself." Carter G. Woodson
We will find a way to get to Haiti. We just need everyone to keep the chapter in prayer. We must help out!!
Holy cow....that was bad...
hey whatsup? 3 way hangout tomorrow? Er wait what?
Mushroom tip. I just got that! haha
This My Song . . Trey Songz-Heart Attack , <3333
#RT if you love your #VEGAS fans!! :) follow back??
I feel like i've just experienced a huge loss. What a weird day.
Just fucking met Hayden!!
LADIES WE HAVE SUN DRESSES AND SANDALS!!!!
don't listen to !!! You can kill yourself (: it's okay <3
So true.
this week is gonna go by really slow
people are already calling and Austin isnt even in yet... MAHOMIES GO BIG! ... IM CALLING BUT LINES R ALL BUSY :(
Stop clicking on sites you no nothing about! To much spam!
Man the torpedoes!
RT : Big cheers for all diving into #ScriptFrenzy today! Remember to breathe, curse and ignore the delete key. You can do it!
Staring down the barrel of the working parents' nightmare: out-of-town client meeting vs. Kindergarten concert.
went in to rite aid with $300 to get my meds and cum out with $25 HIM was piss......so now who going to do my hair for $25 lol
RT : Let's play fill in the blank. Matt Cassel is <not a starting QB in the NFl. Just sayin... Glad I'm not a chiefs fan.>
Bledsoe was a class act and always played his heart out. Looking forward to him getting in the Pats HOF
to whom r they talking? The GOP has trashed this President for 4 years. Those who supported POTUS before have tuned them OUT
ah i still need graduation shoes
What can I do to work on a Rodriguez film set?
working now
#OKC got this
We are redeploying our assets is a favorite quote of money managers. Buying opportunities have been created. Really? Sell short.
Yes, 2010/2011 in social with :) There is a group of former-CMers that try to get together when we can.
Can someone explain how the #yankees let go of Alfredo Aceves, a proven pitcher, and ended up with the likes of Buddy Carlyle?
No matter how you spin it, you loss this round!! The people won!
Is hungry
Cosentino: Not the end of the world if you didn't get through the whole case. But you need to be able to summarize.
I am all about layers! Give me a nude lip pencil,peachy nude lipstick, and a high shine sheer beige gloss and im ready to ROCK!
Just how much is enough?
I'm not in the mood to do anything anymore.
My damn eyes burning
This is shaping up to be the best birthday weekend ever.
Had a #dream I couldn't sleep; woke up less than rested.
Stealing from urban outfitters is so easy it should be a crime.
81 degrees and three industry tastings to attend...I think I can handle that!
#WhyDoIAlways want to be like anyone else
So, apparently NSP was voted Best Off-Loop Theatre Company in the Chicago Reader reader's poll! #holycrap #notsurehowthathappened!
Tweets from this account are managed by
"open access is logical" synchs with mission. Not just content but process, standards, workflow.
#GoTribe You can't win them all
Wear your Red tie! RT : Good news: Got a spot on the March 21 #smbmad event! #UWSocial bad news: I think I'm waiting tables
I'm not with her.
#Makingthenexthit getting these beats together hope yall ready
A 1st ever trip to Caputos market was amazing! Beef tend for 4.99lb, incredible produce section, pasta, cheeses and everyone spke italian!
How can you improve your brand management?
Hey Craig thanks for the retweet
See us on the #web at onewayquartet.com
Unrelenting; Relentless; Carbon Copy; Proceed; Restart; Phoenix; Infinity Roulette
like humans, it's what's on the INSIDE that counts. Or something like that.
high five received! :)
Did you find someone or cancel right away? I'm on the fence. Almost want to hold out just to have a genuine love story.
Polls have closed, results should come in as fast as a twister in Fond Du Lac County
Soulmates are people who bring out the best in you. They are not perfect but they are always perfect for you. ~Unknown
you're welcome. :) xx
Thanks for the follow ! Clever bio brotha.
Judge Payne: "It's not just managing to data, it's wisely using the data to help our workers with their critical thinking"
Today is our General Manager, Todd Burek's birthday! He'll be in the pro shop this afternoon. Stop by and say Happy Birthday!
thank you
Tired as fuck.
#federator crew in rehearsal for your friday night party with legacy @ magic room in brighton, ma!
So, I heard you're ditching me tomorrow...
Hi Chitra, hope you had fun last night & hope we'll see you again next month.
": yea , got shot at a all white party back home he was only home for a few days man ..." in n.o??... or la...
Nuvolt Corporation Announces the Conclusion of a Sale Agency Agreement with ... - MarketWatch (press release)
no kidding! or even gum! that sounds like a really good initial avenue for sharing it out.
RT From Iran: "I have one vote. I gave it to Moussavi. I have one life. I will give it for Freedom."
Impromptu speeches... Yuck! Maybe I should celebrate Fat Tuesday a bit before I go to class
Yeah, we have a few here in Milwaukee. Super cool stuff.
Your trip is creeping closer and closer!
"lightbulb cartel"?! How many other products were/are controlled like the lightbulb?
Ill crack the whip up on a bitch!
Kinda wish i had BC2 for pc. Looks a bit fun
In this case if the Lakers win on Friday the series begins and ends the same night
RT Single UX: things that need to work, do. All others are unexpected delights in the current context, at least to me.
Some lessons be pretty tough. Don't worry too much about score. Make sure you're learning from feedback. Good luck!
Google+ is a place men is a place men talk about being on #Google+ says #MAMSummit :0)
Open at 10am starting today!!
lol. That seems to be how it goes. Well if you need anything, please let us know!
I hope everyone had a good Valentines Day if your one who celebrates it!
--BiTCHED THREAT WiT DAT CHiT CHATiN.!!
belated thanks! it's still an issue, but at least there is some perception of equal access. ideally we get more space soon too
Haha I'll keep that in mind. I don't really know what I'll find later on before winter starts
No in flight wi fi. Missing MNF and a great world series game. #delta fail.
yes. For real. FYI he played the murderer in the final episode of perry mason
ugh I know..
lmao you saw what he said right ?!
First day of rain in San Antonio since i been here! Actually feels pretty good!
officially " drive like an asshole day" in SF
Who doesn't love reading cozy books in bed? Best experience ever just before you doze off to sleep and dream novels.
For Honda, Next Accord Must be a Hit
Woohoo! Have a good time.
No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive.
YES YES AND YES! do you know the location of the SD drybar?
I use to feel like a little kid when I texted you; but now I don't break my neck to text BC you make me feel unwanted.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you. ~ Ralf Waldo Emerson
Late USA surge fails. Knock on. This should do it
My neighbor's having a party. two of his friends were on it with me taking about getting ”to' up” at their work christmas party. Douches.
Isn't it weird that the government is trying to pass a bill where u can lose your citizenship with the enemy expatriation act?
Rest in Peace MCA a.k.a. Adam Yauch of the
With honey bees, most of the 'intelligence' lies in the colony, not the individual; they don't live independently, and aren't meant to. lp
because that's my name for 25 years. :-)
Poetry involves the mysteries of the irrational perceived through rational words.
QUESTION ABOUT BOOKING, DM'S..
promoting #fairuse as a 1st Amendment right for educators and librarians; recounting history of DMCA exemptions
Good seasons for IU and Marquette. Man, i hope the Brewers and Marlins are good
thanks for the suggestions. will pass along.
Lol they're plying love like woe in mcdonalds
Fuck that drug test !
That is too funny Alpana! Not my typical passover libations!
Really neat social technology built-in to electronic cigarettes! Congratulations to #BluCigs CEO Jason Healy.
As a teen, left w/ a baguette a day at a hostel in Paris. As an adult, thanks to credit cards if budget plans fall through
The children had a great, hands-on learning time with farm animals that "Farmer Frank" brought in on Thursday and Friday
I'm still mad that I didn't get you in my class last year, Steph. I hope you're doing well.
in the summer!
What did the deer say after he left the gay bar? "I can't believe I just blew 50 bucks in there!"
Time for holiday shopping. Ditch big corporate companies & support small businesses
Anarcho-capitalism in one lesson: "Mr. Kool-Aid, tear down this wall."
That's so cool!!!
