Nice game ! They can't get you out!
GB is a friggen joke, getting blown out by TB a team of no talent hacks? GB f'in sucks and Rodgers is a complete chump.
You do remember where you live, right? This might be every summer run!
was awesome last night.
that's very cool! since I've been to sf only twice it's great hearing this from someone who knows the place
#stayawayfromme if i tell you im about to smack you
Deertick is reaaly rocking the Beauty Bar! Coast West Unrest and Dusty Sunshine opened magnificently, too. What a great show!
next fall #downtonabbey night at the pub. In honor- what is Lord Grantham's drink of choice?
for all though who are following me i will be sure to follow back rite now i reached a following limit don't worry i got ya..thanx.
Oh no she didn't! She's got problems.
RT RT : Business model for #journalism has changed; non-profits are filling a vital role. Can IRS keep pace?
Just spent my lunch hour down at Hollywood & Sunset for the protest rally against corporate tax dodgers. Close tax loopholes=Balanced budget
so how far are the lakers going this year? Let me hear your prediction lol
Favorite Question: Is the El Korean Nate Dog actual Dog? OH So much fun to answer!!!
glee does it better...
Attn all Poker players and fans: 26 days until the 40th annual WSOP! Follow the commish Personal friend and great guy!
Funny how I like to have a margarita when it's muggy outside.
So if you three would please pick a concept, we'll proceed with production.
come down to Gtown waterfront water st!!
Odd spring weather endangers area crops
You lie awake at night, with blue eyes that never cry.
WORKIN' ON NEW MUSIC!!
when I try 2 follow u it's says forbidden Whts up with tht
ADD ME NOW !
I swear I have lost more best friends than anyone on planet Earth.
We're talking #MeatGlue - and you may have eaten it!
did my mom just hint to me I might be getting my phone back in a couple days...? god I hope so
Behind the Scenes! Seeing a Preview of First Date tonight (tues)? Come early for wine/snacks and an inside look at the show.
usually i had twitter fights but andrew and faisals are entertaining
400 bucks today!
I'm a Hobbit friend too. They're also filiming a movie of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
glad to see you in RN74, Madeline and I really appreciate your help w/the SEOmoz Pro account, thank you so much, too generous!
Aren't they a great bunch? Love them! “: I've been watching #sisterwives marathon. Obsessed.”
One of two things is happening: 1) doppelgänger won't stop staring at me or 2) won't stop staring at me.
Lol got her
It’s not too late to get gifts for mom! has tons of #mothersday gift options.
Thanks for the shout out! Glad to follow! :)
why so hard to use free day certificate? could NOT use, in Metro NYC (where I live), no holidays, and no SUV's?
It feels like I just made this account I forgot how to use twitter
Though there were some mixed episodes, Fringe S4 is definitely and rapidly improving with each great episode. No better sci fi show on TV.
Did anyone tape the grammy's? Can I come and watch? Are they as good this year as it sounds like they are via twitter?
may need Tommy John
hi alice its bellas mom!!
If you had to be introduced to ya own kids , ya ass is
i just did!!! Hahaha
will the Redskins ever have a winning team again?! Y is Grossman still under center?!
Only 2 more hours of MERCY CORPS MONDAY. Plenty of time for dinner, a drink, or dessert. As always, 25% will go directly to Mercy Corps.
YOU SHALL NOT PASS!!!
Now that's what I'm talking about!
As a Ph.C. Teaching Assistant, I make $880 every two weeks, w/ $100 taken out by federal taxes. Is that about the same for most TAs?
Thanks for posting these photos!
Thanks It's very humbling.
That sounds a wee bit convenient to me.
Excited!! Today my Author Event at Barnes and Noble La Mesa 1-3pm Save Your Home for the holidays.
but I thought this was different !
#boxing was good this morning, although really should stop blocking with my face...all worth it if owning a boxers hook is the reward!
cute picture!
how many marketing coaches are there on the internet. At last count there were 13 trillion and counting. So who do you trust and follow?
Leadbelly as "fastidious dresser" but posed against a hay bale.
ew your voice mail is so fucking annoying
This is correct!
Yup... just got back to you (was unburying from a weekend in ATL). Hope you are well.
Both...I want to see it next week...growing some feathers in the meantime...
So done with every1.I love how every1 had plans but me. Hope u all had fun thanks for the invite...F- Jersey..
You may find that the interest rate is guaranteed for only a short period of time, or its subject to rise sharply in the future.
had an awesome time in PCB ready for next year!!!!
#ItSeemsLike I always fall in love with the wrong guys
Just because we don't talk doesn't mean I don't think about you. I'm just trying to distance myself because I know I can't have you.
anyone feel tremors???
Welp, that sucked.
Thanks so much. I have a sample of #coldcomfort on my #kindle. When I'm done judging this contest, I'm going to have a readfest
The oldest paper still in existence was made from rags about 150 AD and was discovered in a ruined tower of the Great Wall of China in 1904
Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Champaign, Logan and Union Counties extended until 5:15pm.
- yes, never happy others can commiserate, but it helps to know others understand the agony!
this romper is the most comfortable thing in the world
can you email me with specifics that you need through ? thanks .. apologies...
My 8 year old: I saw this awesome show. Can we look for it on iTunes? I think it was called Gilligan's Island?
that's because there are only about 7 awards left to be handed out.
Market your business or showcase your talent today with the KOKO Dennis Show at www.kokodennistvshow.com or email us at kokodennistvshow
RT : #epatcon the reason they want you to fit in ... Is so that they can ignore you.
finally a guy that is recommending me to I thought it was going to be all girls!
Get well soon! MT I'm not feeling well, but was able to RENEW my materials online to avoid any late fees. THIS ROCKS.
still playing Monopoly! I hate this game!
Happy Birthday to Your Mom, I hope you got her a big Bouquet of flowers
5) See yourself victorious. - Donald Trump’s rules of success. Rule #6 coming in 8 hours.
Enjoy ms Kardashian ! Blessings
This week: On Friday and Saturday, we're performing for 's Swan Lake!
Our #ff today is for putting on an amazing show of rock and roll last night.
confession: 1st meal at Commissary tonite, w Luis.
#republican "war on women" = policy based. Dem "war on women" = fiction based. Rep's
We've gotta come up cause there's no further for us to fall
we enjoyed you enjoying it!
Not everything is a
We're in love with you! :)
i swear im tired.
i'm on auto-delete.
I hope its good because usually when they continue movies, they start to get annoying or make no sense, that's my opinion!
I'm playing the ps3 demo of wanted
OMG you serious? I know it's hard, but you'll have to keep trying, cause imagine the moment you do, you'll Probs be one of
Making the final preparations for the luncheon with Danette Leighton at ASU Today.
the cow digs you.
Shorty I'm there for you anytime you need me Forreal girl, it's me in your world, believe me
aww its so cute!!!! you totally jacked my cross charm :p
It's a good thing the label on this pills reminds me to take them by MOUTH
Outside.In Sounds like the new e-Reader local replacement of Newspapers!
Excited to be keynoting for the Utah Commission on Volunteers next April!
Check out our bluebonnets while ur here, they r beautiful this time of year :)
hanson tap die sets
I know when I'm unwanted
RT : Props to and table number 9 (incl. !) - winners of #QUIZrael at
Performing FREE BOTTLE ROCK show tonight at 7 PM in Culver City. For any of you who can't make it, I will be performing the BMI Acoustic...
and what you mean by pucker up?
I think I'm done with foursquare.
Guys can you please follow me i need followers ; i follow back <3 !
that would be so awesome! Yet weird! Haha I WANNA JOIN(:
So who 'owns' the Hornets and who 'owns' the Saints? I know NFL has a rule about owning other sports franchises. See Kronke...
Anthony scioli is the biggest bitch ever. Just wait.
At the for our last public diplomacy class.
. Album Release Party - July 8 @ Club Arnetic 2826 Elm St in Deep Ellum...LADIES FREE before 11 pm & FREE FOOD..
wow well i just texted u it -anna
Happy New Year from all of us at Nash & Associates
-hm so childish, they have nothing better to do
for sure. Be well my friend. Xo
This girl in this Jacob latimore video #WhyYoShoes where they at ?? 0.0
yeah dont hate =P its a stupid thing i know
Hi Ginger, how's life???? xoxo
We do carry a few coconut waters already, but I'm not sure which brands. Feel free to send distributor info & samples.
Let me wrap you in my arms.
Indy's very own DAVE DECKER () is now part of the Air1 family! Listen to him on 90.5 Air1 this wknd from 12-4pET. Tell ur friends
Good Morning ATL
have a good flight dude and be sure to say hi to the Midwest for me.
I know. Doesn't hurt to try though. :-) RT : that ain't happening, the girl is a workaholic. :-)
“: FACT: Since Jan 2011, I've signed more than 200 bills into law; 94.97% had bipartisan support.” that's why we stand with you!!!
So tired
I love you but I'm honestly not "model gorgeous." I have so many insecurities and flaws, but I promise you you're perfect.
Think I just hurt my back dog-piling on in bed. Womp.
take me to a one direction concert, and we'll be bestfriends.
yo its Bivè up and at it
RT : Girls cheat if theres something wrong with the relationship; guys cheat if theres an opportunity...
why u to sexy for that
i hop up out the lab wit the #Bread like a #DOZEN loaves..
New pics of Lisa Gay Hamilton on Beyond Redemption Facebook page.
haha! Funny... I was in the mood for something different. How are you?
nothin much! Miss you, hope you're doing well!
I swear I see the number 123 everywhere... ._.
I'll keep it PG. Lol. Have a great night girlfriend. <3
Don't be so ambiguous
Detroit Tigers look poised to win the 2011 #MLB World Series.
more like "whoop whoop, pull over that ass is too fat" haha!!
You always have that one person you never want to lose:)
Can't let my email sit for more than a few hours. It looked like I-85 at 3:oopm on a Friday! Yikes!
Please be the cash cab...please be the cash cab...please be the cash cab...
You be folding the wash thinkin shit like "id rather be wearin this shirt than the one i got on matter fact" ...
Forcing us to have a "regular class" following a 2-hour midterm is just cruel.
I am signed up for that webinar too!
Bye bye seniors :)
I believe that's accurate.
NYC Urchin, thanks for asking. I've been skating since 1971. Besides family, it's my greatest passion. I love shaping decks.
What's a burnt pizza, frozen beer, & a pregnant girl have in common? In each scenario there was a DUMBASS who didn't take it out in time.
I saw the canal, so what else is there to do beside focus on the Big Game? Super Bowl es muy importante para Knowteria ;)
What a relief it is to rest in Him.
That feeling when the inside of your hand is lightly rubbed until you fall asleep
oh and thanks for following me
God will forgive you but I won't forgive you.
Ellen pleaze watch my brothers video on youtube!..hes a rapper from LA...Suprah Navah-Over The Hill featuring Nelly Marilu
The beautifulest of girls are never to be seen.
"You know what fame is? Sitting with the women of your dreams and forgetting what her name is."
is so hot right now
Ur avi looks like u already turned 'water into wine' for the weekend! Lol!
and Julian Bond introduce documentary Freedom Riders + FREE screening @ The Paramount! 1/25/11 5pm Reception (FREE)
you could be the dyke bouncer. lmao!
Dodgers score in the Bottom of the 3rd. 1-0
NO YOUR THE REASON FOR MY SMILES AND LAUGHS AUSTIN!:):)
Chicago! Goose Island tonight! 21+ for only $8 starting at 9:00 P.M be there! :)
Holy gray hairs emerging from my scalp! #ImOnly24 :-(
U gettin ur weed from the wrong source.... All we got is Loud over here!
More fun than...a pillow fight!
I'm looking forward to watching Tom Bergeron say, Go Ricki! Go Ricki!
yall don't listen....
As long as none of the Broadway shows are "Bye Bye Birdie" none of them will get money from me.
"Moments mean the most." -- Amanda the Great
no problem just curious!! nice to tweet u though!
I am gonna try to get famous by tweeting his music to celebrities that RT their fans
#77 very cool girl..Good tweets :)
you should have brought him to the apartment. i would have babysat him for the weekend.
ha see I know
Aye who list yall be on when yall come to ultrabar
Where's my boyfriend
When I remember how long I've been married I think about the year I graduated, add 5 years and do the math from there
i love my stalkers <3
don't know about that one
Did I mention, I just want to paint?!!!
I love the Nike Gloves but it was unique that Oregon fans put there hands together like a bunch of Bieber fans now every NFL stadium will.
#TGIF excited for the Birthday Extravaganza tonight celebrating and ! Happy Birthday!
Salvage the Bones by Jesmyn Ward this weekend
Breaks my heart RT : According to , & laid off by the
I thought I smelled gin and regrets....
I respect a man who knows what he wants out of life and has a plan to get it.
Those who hurt you don't deserve you and those who love you won't desert you.
oh my god. I know right?
Why music streaming services face the same challenge the iTunes Music Store did: t.co/c0mQZUMN
shhhh! Don't tell spring that it's here already! You'll scare it away.
Don't forget: Buy a Half Off ticket for the Best of the City party. The Groupon deal ends tonight! It's the Party of the Year!
thanks so much! We look forward to expanding to wherever we can improve life for members of the military!
may the fourth be with you
Where can you run to escape from yourself? Where ya gunna go? Where ya gunna go? Salvation is here....
says not to expect anything this year
Happy Birthday there, you're a beautiful girl you deserve it :) have a great day :) xo
i can understand that point and agree to an extent.
EWH. the girl looked like taylor lautner in twilight..
TSN set must be getting the booze Bobby V barred from Red Sox locker room
Stellers is my new boyfriend hahah
If its periactin, it works
Saul made me this cool ass drawing of an elephant.
I can always tell when my mom's home because I hear random music playing outside. #shelikeshermusicloud 🎶
if i get a First Kiss ...
when is our next video gchat session? won't be the same w/o lily reclining in the royal box, but we can still pick our noses.
I smell like Wingstop now -___-
woah way to trade up the avatar photo!
Thank you, bizarre shopping site "Mother's Day" edition email, I do think my mother would appreciate some new matches. (what?? no)
Iight(Never thought I'd get advice from someone who's a few years younger than me,lol)but thanks,I'll keep at it.
can anyone help me find a sponsor who sells #tigerblood in eco-friendly bottles? would LOVE that at our next Sandy Feet Event!! ;)
Not as much action on CCPR has I thought was going to happen! Back to the beginning...reaching for a new alert for you all!
Who did say was the queen of measurement/analytics??
happy easter weekend everybody and to my jewish friends have a great passover week
lmao u a fool
Glad I was your 100th. More comics to come.
; I love youu . . <3 your like the topp broo (; Keep it going !
guess what
First one and locked out of where are you
have you heard of boulder/denver b-cycle? really like your article on bike-sharing movement in the US
send us an wmail w/acct info and issue regardless. we'll see what can be done.
It's beautiful out!!!
today will be better today will be better today will be better today will be better
thanks for the follow. You guys have a great website too and lots of great things going on!
Jrue on Allen?
(and usually only 1 leg)
#frustrated with how expensive flights get during the summer. I just want to get to #Nebraska for a decent price!!
happy birthday from your home up in Boston! :D
Cant believe everything you told !
atlanta rainy
What @ Glockenspiel in St Paul?
Happy New Year west coast!
Bella's first words were teta and que? LOL
Smokin squares and sippin booze....let's have fun!!!
isn't that the one were going to? Haha
Why does always suggest uninstallation as a solution to problems? I'm going to document my fix and email it to Bill.
OU Oh Yeah!
Not surprised that 2011s top stock in the DOW is McDonalds. Bad economy=fast food. Hope sales of their 'healthy menu" is their top performer
Joel Anthony's hair line is ridiculous!
Head to the B on this beautiful Thursday for a juicy burger, and then to the Monument tree lighting for a delicious Puffs&Pastries treat!
Great! You?
a HOMEMADE balloon nonetheless. lmaooo poor kid.
nice work on the nasslli website. It looks good.
Xmas merch/propaganda spotted at & elsewhere BEFORE HALLOWEEN. If there's a war on Xmas, Xmas is winning!
where can I check it for my own ?
AND I KNOW IT'S TOO LATE. BUT I WANT IT THAT WAY
for me too, was obsessed with it!... not exactly a terrific social skill shall we say :)
Fight day! on Fox prelims at 2pm and Mayweather vs Cotto at 6pm!
clearly regretted that choice
RT RT ": Nothing teaches us better than our own experiences."
The Guy That Invented An Amazing Big Data Tech Says Oracle And ...
that's the same link I send in emails
To this day, the best way to find people on Twitter is to start your search in Google... or arguably
thanks for following!!
S/O to for the ride to Clifton! and I love you!! 😘😘
Had an amazing dinner w/ the roomies last night at Mercato (12th & Spruce). Highly recommend it. Best BYOB I've been to in awhile.
love it!! Let me know how it is! I'm at work..I'm DVRing it
Just asked my mom for words to describe me ... She hesitates and says TALL ! #thanks #tallgrlproblems #love&support
YOU WILL ALWAYS BE MY BABY ;-)
im worried is this the new way of writing don't understand people who reject all grammatikal conventions whatsoever starting to annoy me
At the #Entergy theatre in New Orleans. Thought the name was very Jack Donaghy.
Omfg. Can't believe I'm finally going to see RA this summer. Efffffffsoexcited.
Knowing you are making progress is 1 of the biggest psychological factors keeping you motivated & on target-re-member, you are progressing.
could be true but I hope not
Is Downtown at Reserve Lounge
Well fuck who you like and fuck who you want. ;3
I was speechless the movie is amazing and I loved you too but I loved you but I was scared as I love this incredible!!!
Counting down the hrs - only a half work day, 2 church services & 4 O Holy Nights til I go to Virginia. Can't wait! Merry Christmas to all!
yo give me a call boss
from Santa Monica, I get tips through friends
Take away any evil thought within me, Take away anything that proves to break Your heart.
hehehe "MOMMY!!! MoMmy! Mommy, mommy, mommy, mommy..." Best commercial yet.
I make goals. I pray about it. Do something about it. And achieve them. That's it. Plain n simple :)
I luv mi frends evn do we go through rough times we still luv eachother Imma giva shout out ta all mi haters:Stop hatin&start Appreciatin
I thought you were done with her
Things tend to change when you put a label on it or fully commit. Not always for the better
Oh no worries... thanks for the follow back!
how are you ??
That moment when you realize that you know ever member of one direction, only because they are constantly trending on twitter....
man im tired af
"We just met and this is crazy, but here's my number so call me maybe!" Luv that song!!!
i was super bored by most books that i've read, but HOLY SHIT did veronica stir something in my soul. enjoy
but when will that ever be?
An hour of sleep, two energy shots, and a Red Bull. My apologies if you find me passed out somewhere in the store.
Geez...Jim Gray and Bill Walton...can u have a duo that loves hearing themselves speak more??
i remember him one of my alltime favorites
Helping young patron w/file clerk resume. Alphabetizing is a skill, I say. He says, How do you spell that?
Today business taxes are due - if you did not file, make sure you have filed for an extension!
is going to drink that wine before the end of this pitch. Did you see the look in his eyes?!
LET YOURSELF BE FREE.... The possibilities are endless!!!!
it's it true you made him cry???
Time to open up the kiln and see the new millefiori! Squee! It never get old for me. :)
thanks. We are having fun with it. Family weekend in Brown County. Good times.
Chillin in Dallas fam! What's good with you?
damn is that your house?!
Oh how I love those books. Can't wait for #Blackout!
A 4 year old just told me I remind him of a mermaid :) my day has been made 😊💙☀🐬<3
Deep RT : #Concur RT : I dont get how the government expect us to starve and not sin..
u got one of the most amazing smiles like light up the room smiles
You can take the boy out the hood but ya cant take the hood from the boy $
Morning tweet peeps.
Should I drop Showtime? Only shows I like, Dexter/Homeland do not start for a while and no like application available to me.
One of my friends cannot tell a story to save his life and confuses me EVERY time I talk to him.
If it wasn't for guys like you, there wouldn't be songs like this! -_-
different guy on this side.
Sad? Sad is a child being beaten, tortured or murdered! This is plain STUPIDITY!!!
Still no luggage, but XM Radio in the rental car was left on E Street radio - so I have that going for me
Then evil would prevail, obviously. What's that quote, that all it takes for evil to win is for good people to stand back.
It's a good night for Brasa. I wonder how many other Minneapolitans think the same thing?
pick up
why whay why why why! That sucks!
We can however destroy the enviroment we need to survive. Never the less the Earth will continue to circle the sun with or without us.
political entrepreneurs are people who can't cut it in business so they use politics to get power, money, don't contribute
In spite of the fact that our cells produce acid waste body fluids maintain alkaline pH as long as we choose healthy lifestyles
how about you & I make a animal planet love making video for our campaigns!
All as the Holidays are apporaching, please find in your hearts to send a care package to the brave dogs serving our country and the...
Im up early :o
come ONE DAY IN BULGARIA JUSTIN
I say, long live the potty mouth!
Dear Tummy, sorry for all the butterflies. Dear Pillow, sorry for the tears. Dear Heart, sorry for the damage. Dear Brain, you were right.
rough rough half draft
Wait what? Seriously, let's just organize a conference. At an airport, of course.
Love me some law & order #svu!
Gaaah dayum. 8 o'clock & I'm already sleepy?! O.o
Ready to hear Michael Suarez talk about Rare Books in Digital Age
Should I be studying finance or something
having practice everyday is really starting to pay off :)
Would love to make an even money bet on one of the three American players to win the Main Event vs the other six guys.
Shining, shimmering, splendid..
Phoneless for the night
eating dinner. wbu???
Thanks! That mother's protective instinct is something else...
I completely agree, though Thompson loves youth .. Too much so
No worries! I know you stay on your grind. :)
What does everyone think of the new #Adtr video? We're so glad HL was a part of it.
True. My bad. Lol
NW#Coming To America
Summer where you at
wheres my invite?
What does the future hold? Events we can be sure of. The big picture. Really big! (RBP)More to follow.
man i hope you will be. and who needs to follow doctors rules?! lol
those who have lost loved ones are not comforted by efforts to dehumanize the dead. These deaths are a preventable tragedy.
With great weather comes cops waiting to catch you! Watch your speed...they're everywhere today!!!
Hello, Guys (:
Hi, , did you get my email about the project we were working on last year? Is it already completed, or shelved?
Thanks for giving our first Spring Seminar a shout out!
Is probability math or stats? /// YES!
just got back fro
let's "do sex."
I am sweet n soft, noting more softer then me "Emy the Sweet"
Bainbridge Island treated me very well tonight. Great time performing at the Pegasus.
I love driving home at sunset.
Love that song!!
I stand corrected. I'm going to blame Jeremy Clarkson for that mix up.
The focus must be risk based with primary efficacy end-points and serious adverse event review at the top of every monitor visit.
Cool, new Yoplait flavors! RT Today I started my new diet with pizza and a cherry turnover. I like this plan. ;)
Anybody the around Santa Monica area want to meet up for a bit today anytime between 4-7ish?
Summer can't come fast enough! Gonna be looking into music♫ schools! ☺
love it... love you. Subculture has never looked so hot. LOL
GREAT hastag! :) #Skills2PayBills Will tip off our Youth Prgm ppl! -CV
Travis has a vag
Going to the city today!! And midnight movie watching the hunger games :)
good! Do you get to sleep soon?
I'm in church lol
This! RT - #badgers Sounds as if Big Ten hockey will be going to neutral sites for its tournament.
What is this?
yeah I found that fairly alarming. sigh.
"He has traveled both sides of the road. That is why he understands your darkness and can see the light". #dexter. S6 ep6
Freddie Prinze Jr. just said "come aboard" in a very, very serious tone. This cannot be overlooked.
Are you asking people to lie? Doesn't that violate the trust framework?
nah the nba should delete all the wack people and have all the ballers in teams
she's not that far from you! Get her number and form a rhythm section
yep! but until then it's your mother's duty to get on your nerves...bahahaaa
Bahahaa hey. Its spreading through the coast tho. Its in the water
thx for the mention!
I hate waiting on people and they make you late.
my second home this week... Toka Salon!
really like how ur team got after it last night
Meh. I think that 21 point halftime lead against a winless team had more to do with it.
turn wifi on/off... also, on a mac i realized i had forgot to hit "apply" on the systems pref. frame after adding the ip
"Legally he may have been right" So Das got fired for doing his job?
wat is up my twitter fam?
missed you guys yesterday at #OpOliver. This neighborhood is great, you guys should move here. Just sayin'...
This week has been full of awesome! and rock!
Dang baby all I need is a lil bit(;
good! Haha but u still don't like it :P
oh gee thanks. poof! lol love ya!
our next challenge is going to be to post without using the word "riff" because 3 is a trend.
I am a big Neil Young fan! Dan Jablons (Hiram Katz)
wasn't taking any chances!! Holy cow a zombie master! Awesome
No way! Seriously. Way cool. don't u need an Assistant?
Thanks to all the Fayette Co. Democrats who showed up for the "Friends at Fancy Farm" event today. Great to see so many friends.
Thanks for the follow!!!
Naughty Britches!!
Good morning :) I hope you have an awesome weekend!
; You're A Stranger 😒
Actually, we've been working on our rendition for months! “: Baby Got Back?”
These days you can't mend one heart without breakin another.
can you please follow me Miss Sprint Cop thanks Bobby Howarrd :-)
RT : Pure example of rising when being written off#Torres#Drogba ! U guys r my inspiration !
Subscribe to Yung Rizzo's YouTube channel. www.youtube.com/officialyungrizzo for the latest videos and news!
140k. I coulda told her that, even with the not so accidental nip slip. #SMH But damn Adele is killin it.
hey thank you so much:)
has done it. ;) lmao.
From 3pm yesterday to 3pm today, i will have worked 18 hrs. 19 if you count lunches
I'm not even gonna get mad anymore. i'll learn to expect the lowest out of the people i thought the highest of
you're just adorable and you make me want to smile
I'll take a water
Air travel. Wheeee.
Test running in my race outfit. Important things.
damn matrix, get on with your2010 self
gaz where are you qt right by blue line? im contactn my teacher to see if she could pick u up
News media needs to stop using the word "conservative" for right wing that doesn't want to "conserve" anything at all.
Live like Spongebob and Patrick, laugh out loud all day without any reason, and annoy the mean people with your happiness
do you bookmark everything??? Hahaha I do -_-
R.I.P M-Bone
If you will excuse me... that thunder and lightning just now has made it necessary for me to change my pants.
Two Suns Massage is now located in SE portland. New clients recieve your first massage for only 40 dollars!
hahahaha that is awesome! good for the pregnant in heels people, treating every day like halloween, we all should do that
Awesome pic Big Red! Good Luck today!!
ok sure. I'm new to twitter though...so do I un-follow you or can you do that from your end?
Trying to get fame and fortune isn't always bad, it's just depends on how you act when you do get the fame and fortune..
Thanks for the mention. Come visit! The pop-up shop is at 3041 24th St. @ Treat.
Mike, how is 1 Tweet u click on, extending that tweet, a waste on ur phone, if u have to know 2 follow for more tweets 4 answer
Bernard Pollard is a Pats killer..Brady, Welker, Gronk..
C-Span
lol il probably start it in a minute then.
I fell asleep on you last nighht . but imu 2 ;
Up just 2 watch skip and Steven A this comedy
Had an awesome lunch date today :D
That was the Half Amazing part
no problem ! (:
LISA!! You are freaking me out on #CelebApprentice so different then I would have expected.
Did I see the Puff Daddy hologram shoot hologram 2Pac at #Coachella?
Aye man shout out to Mike Epps... WHEN'S THE NEXT FRIDAY COMING OUT.... JUST A THOUGHT LOL
I didn't even get to take my long ass shower.
Day one
Get it! Get it Get it!
Don't miss The Living Statues featuring Claire Kelly at 9pm tonight at the !
alright. best website/store in la to buy wooden beds for under $1100. someone help. i'm buying my first ever bed.
Social FAIL "Facebook's "People You May Know" feature exposed dual marriages" (via )
RT RT : Sept 3rd-6th, Enjoy the Cucumber Refresher Pedicure for $25. A true labor Day treat! (We agree!)
RT“ pray for mommy ♥”
Sometimes I think there's a monster who lives in my stomach and that's why I'm hungry all the time.
Which Hillary Rosen are you NOT related to? I hear there are 3 or more?
its just randomly came up in my head
No, same-sex marriage should not be a "state's issue." Civil rights should be federally protected, and never put to popular vote.
I love Peyton Manning. But Elway is such a Dick to Tebow
Looking for quiet place to write & drink tea. Voila! Dose. Coffee & Tea, Murphy Rd., Nashville. Yummy sandwich, too. So nice to meet you!
Its funny how most everybody had over a few 100 tweets and I'm only almost to 100(:
What kind of Ford Truck or SUV do you have? Why do you love it?
Everyone follow
Whose house? MT : To whom this may concern: I'm your momma's favorite rapper
Yaw Indy peeps! get out in this nice-ish winter Sat weather!
No, I did not win the gas card from
I know u are so happy about ur house closing. I'd luv to take u & Eddie 2 my old plantation that Garths' mgr is renovating.
you seem like a real prick, do you have no respect 4 people who dedicate their life to making others laugh like
It's good stuff! RT : K9 Natural Freeze-Dried Dog Food: Natural products, holistic remedies, organic food, and more for...
#BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl .Dont get with them in the first place....
follow us on Facebook as well.
lol so ii just started this twitter thing now ii need fine lookin ppl to follow....
By any means
Being money hungry gets you nowhere
thank you for following me back. Let spring begin
happy birthday :D
thanks. I kinda miss serenades man, that was like the first one
Weaver doesn't mess around, but what do you think about Shaver at W&M? Has SW VA (Hampden-Sydney) and ACC roots (UNC).
Braves won.
Bring me some? I don't have any! :(
hoped there would be more to it for Rogers than contract. Sad.
tough to DM when you're not following...
nvm, achilles issue for Ron Garretson
Lakerz tonight.. No D rose fukn Bulls .. all good Lucas 3rd got it.. bench time..
Is it pigfish to eat a whole chocolate peanut butter cupcake? Raw of course.
We sell umbrellas starting at $1.99
What're you talkin about man? I tweet all the time...
Newest question: "Can you see the writing on the iPad?" What's ahead?
Say what you want about me... but I work hard....
9am bus was a bad idea.
What part of town?
- I am at the Albuquerque Hispano Chamber of Commerce at a Social Media Marketing Workshop
Can someone tell me or give me the link to the best/most correct definition of a troll? I'm getting contrary definitions.
. just arrived at GK and 2 DeLoreans are parked outside! Come meet him and have him sign your copy of "Ready Player One". 4pm!
Oh how far he has fallen... RT : ...LHP Dontrelle Willis removed from restricted list and assigned to Class-A Aberdeen roster
Asdfghjkl! Every time I watch 's #neversaynever it never fails that I start to cry & get anxiety.
When the tailgate drops the bullshit stops.
Ah - NICE! My first car (in 1994) was 1981 Datsun hatchback. Loved that car!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that the friends you make then will be your friends through out high school
word. Heard it was suppose to be pretty
#PetPeeve People who can't spell but always typing.
What about Aaron Craft?
Love having free periodd
I hope everyone's enjoying #SWHNL and #SpamJam! Wish I could be hanging with you guys! Enjoy!!
D4 looks amazing, my friend is a Nikon guy. So far he is disappointed with D800 first thoughts. Says he is sticking with his D90
Just got a s/o on jc's blogtv. ~~popula~~
The ability to use any public restroom and not touch anything with my hands is my superpower.
pretty great!!
That is.. bizarre. I think I love you, Pilot.
All I do is shop all day for
Thanks for biking over last week. Hope they gave you the 2 wheel discount! ;)
Random questions!?
did you see your boy on #DWTS tonight? DANG! That boy can dance! Come on out to LA for the show!
is that easier for pick up stuff etc?
Starbucks playing Will Smith's "summertime"...two women in L. Vuitton waiting on their drink thinking this is a little too hardcore. Funny.
ESPN was rather enjoyable before the NBA decided to start playing again.
sarmust-gmail.com
"Let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not."~Galatians 6:9
That movie The Help, was absolutely beautiful
who sings rockstar??
Thanks for the follow! All this gratitude we're bringing into the world - just through friendly tweeting! :)
Today everyone is mexican Lol love it RT : Today I'm Mexican
Omg dude; I didn't know that! I hope the ppl there are ok. Omg.. hope you and your family is ok..
ok they are setting up a table for us now:)
I had a great time with family and friends, now it's back to LA for me :)
So... Its supposed to be the end of the world, or the start of the apocalypse tomorrow, we will see you here. Have a great weekend everyone!
My mama might make me go cause she probably wants to be an asshole..
Yes! Aren't they awesome?!
Board members including look forward to Regional Professional Leadership Mtg. today. Let's collaborate
Technology is really hating on me right now. I can't get anything to work!
More playing time for Captain Kirk when Torres comes back.
up next: men at work! charlie sheen and emilio estevez FTW!
Go Skins!
Hope becomes unstressed and unbusy because I would like to see her soon ☺
RT : This!!! RT : I am a #Scorpio and I'm a thinker.
I don't like al those negative news in the papers
Best tweet I've heard all day-->RT : Today was the final straw..Time to move on. I refuse to spend the rest of my life this unhappy.
YES! Because I like to gaze upon sad, homeless kitties that I cannot help. While drinking coffee.
Some family trees have beautiful leaves, and some have just a bunch of nuts. Remember, it is the nuts that make the tree worth shaking.
lmao oh lord! Its SUNDAY FUNDAY lol I'm good juss here n texas lol with the crazys lol wut u been up too?
I don't know, there's something to be said for a podcast that sounds like hilarious schizophrenia.
Prepping for my new Project...... Video Shoot in a min.....
Happy 16th Birthday you beautiful two!!!!!
thats the move then Sir! I might fall thru Mint n fux with ya later... Will u be the DJ?
Sorry! Umm if is around smack her....on the bum. Lol
S/O to my supporters, opposers, friends and foes!!!
How you gunna tell me what to smoke and you dont even smoke...SMH.....#BAMSQUAD get wit it or kick rocks
good stuff!
I've seen ppl almost get hit by cars and shit...
Who needs that when you have an award winning smile and personality!
Happy #FF and thanks for the RT's this week
and it's the best type of beer too... NICE
Bring it! We crush dreams.
The Valentine's Day will be transformed after you go to the gym Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
okay, be there in 5.
: No prob! You're a great org. #MKE #Philanthropy makes where we live a better place. THANKS!
I fucking hate my job.
just found out my great aunt passed away back in March of this yr...thought this person was desceased...a squandered opportunity..
Six things I know (and one I don't)
Congressman Doggett in talking at Save TX Schools conference--make this a movement and not a moment
Last full day of school. FINALLY. Summer can almost begin.
Beer, pizza and a slasher novel.
Of course, being a Book Review Editor is volunteer labor on top of everything else that I as a professor have to do. So, don't do that.
POTUS' speech was great, but he never covered the level of pervasive corruption that engulfs Afghan society. From Karzai on down.
#DIWOmediamaking with and danish donuts
Chile seeks alliances to increase fish consumption - FIS
We have doubles. You get one bobble per ticket. We don't have the ones offered today but...
Anyone else stoked on starwars 3d Coming to theaters? What's your favorite star wars character?
ok, for non-geeks, what is CDVIII???
Will release low-bandwidth version to general public? Very frustrating when at a WiFi hotspot and call is choppy or delayed.
Don't sass me woman. Turn to the food network. There's a show on there called how to boil water. Watch it. :-p
u mean green n yellow lol
Wow that list is full of so much fail. I was going to give examples, but every single point is terrible.
It's #80s Thursday! Don't forget to send us your song requests!
idk why everyone is all of a sudden jumping on Joseph Kony now, when hes been doing this since 1988...
Things got downright acrobatic this morning at ! Inner thighs will be hurting tomorrow, thanks to instructor Alona!
don't you mean "what's up with Rose Pak running negative search ads..."? Yes. Yes. Yes.
i have heard great things about Mother's Bistro!
Travel Deal: Disney resort hotels 30% off. For stays April 13 thru June 14. Book before end of March.
What's good Crystal, how good is that remix. and Juelz go IN on their verses.
After school some ish is about to go down!
You still have six hours to get your half-price Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival tickets through GROUPON!
Reminder: Twestival Flashmob is coming up! Visit www.HoustonFlashmob.com for more information!
o- exciting! Good luck at the interview!
Thanx 2 & for #goatdinner suggestions! Keep em coming! Not long until another dinner w offerings from
All signed up for that 7K run u should sign up too...free Bucket afterwards first we run then we get lucky
Is that your restaurant on today ?
OMG BLATANT call 4 attention! If u were a chick...you'd b the type with low self esteem. LOL!
u got a friend in me
: dont get going to miss :(
excellent Vespa-ing weather today.
Watching The Giants Parade on FOX looking for my hubsy!
Own a Halfcut Tee? Post up a picture of you wearing it, Use the hashtag #mirrormondayHC and the best photo will be featured on our instagram
First ever show tommorow night. !
Tastes delicious, gotto try it. No way, no additives! “: u blend that up? what does it taste like? Any additives?”
i still cant get over the fact that justin followed me and he ddnt retweet me or anything and thats the only reason i didnt notice
: and it continues haha. Had to throw out the "degree from the best U in the state" LOL Go
OH SHHNAP I GOTS TO GO WATCH IT...thats my ish right there.
gaming experience The Smart Airsoft Shopper?s Guide
New friends , good.
thanks for sharing.
PS I am a FOND member
Glad to see you land on your feet, miss the afternoon insight!
Shut up !!
Henry David Thoreau The secret of achievement is to hold a picture of a successful outcome in the mind.
#omg #DC #weather is so amazing today. Let's talk about it ad nauseum. Omg omg omg
Took all my energy to walk my bike to the shop for a tune up. A sweaty wreck I am.
I've started seeing Austin in some of the teen magazines.. there was even a poster in one of them. It's weird.
Thinking back on 2011. What are the best #photography tips you got this year?
Meeting with 3 new clients today!
i made a perfect hair bun.
I won't be watching to find out. I'm going to force myself away from it xD And from what I've heard about it so far, it's a
I will check these out. Thanks!
Happy Valentines Day !
OMG! I have had this conversation at least 500 times!!! Thanks for asking the hard questions!
Aww It's the Pisces in me! You're pretty great yourself. <3
haha wanted to beat traffic and it's better to be down here takin pictures of carf then be at my house haha
Holliday is the main man. Pujols needs to be benched. It was a terrible last inning but it's 1-1 so we got time.. "/
link not working...
I know right... I guess this is a last resort for resurrection
Got my light up shoes on
Need to do remember to do mindfulness meditation before, after, and during any to ATT customer service.
Going home to lie down
he gonna choke like usual
Thank you so much for all your efforts!
Which is totally NOT me! :P
taxes, check. done. there you go uncle sam. take my soul.
we do hire webcam models now! and invite you to join us if you want.
Them quiet ones is the one u got to worry about. Them loud ones.. I'm just go put it like this
Happy first day of spring! Take any opportunity to enjoy the beautiful weather outside with your family.
True that! RT On my way to Columbus for #transformingrace. Who else is going? Also there *must* be a better hashtag? :)
The last thing I want to do is hurt you, but it's still on the list.
As with EVERYTHING...if It's not good for you, U CAN ALWAYS TELL A FRIEND :-)))) It MIGHT BE just want they were searching for :-))))
Really enjoyed the piece in today's Post, by the way.
One in seven Americans in poverty. Working age poverty worst since 60's. All GoTEA talk about is tax cuts for rich. Disgusting.
I don't blame you. It's like when you actually go to a gym you can do better
Me and are jammin in our rooms :D
thoroughly enjoyed auditioning for two principal roles for the new Charlie's Angels pilot in Miami. The script has action and adventure!
My night is a lot better when the celtics lose by 1 and the lakers get a spanking by 33 only in the 3rd quarter
I love Sweet Home Alabama.
The biggest hamburger ever served weighed 8,266 lbs. It was cooked in 2001 at the Burger Fest in Seymour, Wisconsin.
Played in the rain for the first time in years. I should do it more often
Happy Super Bowl Sunday everybody.
Watching godzilla i am. Disturb me not
Welcome all new and returning KMC team members! Thanks for braving the weather! 2012 will rock!
do you really wanna know....? Lol it scared the crap out of me when I clicked it...
#Orlando home investments is hot! Last week has been nuts crazy!
Thanks! It's awesome to see info about our game has made it all the way to France!
what are u up too?
Just took an "I'll be back" shit.
it was super cute!
*bounces and breaks back* what it do boo! LOL RT : Love_Reign shaawwttyyy what yo name is?
my heart stopped cuz of seriously O.o
10am on Friday, realizing how much work I still have to do and how I'm not going to get a weekend :(
#8days until #boyfriend so freakin excited
Thanks again for joining in and listening. AchieveGlobal wishes you all the best luck and much future
i wish
She obv doesn't know what fashion is :)
is now following if you want to make a step in the right direction, you Follow them as well.
Cecil Baxter~ You dont get anything clean without getting something else dirty.
Im Going at Midnight tonight!!!! What Now ! Only People With Swag Do That!!
sittin at home wit chad and the girls bored as hell
I don't know. I get responses from He should have a million fans.
I just saw you on Lion King and you were truly breath taking! Pure talent. The show was the best i've ever seen!
Just ate a NYC dirty water hot dog - They taste great, but those things go thru u like a Bon Jovi cover band went thru my ex-wife's pants.
awww RIP uncle Ciaran lots of prayer to the fam!
Read every word: he lives in NJ, in TV, a Yanks fan, & born on April 6. My comment never said DS, but could have
Q10: we like to cook our veggies on our George Foreman grill
RT please if you are very thankful for all Alex does! I would hate to see this not get a lot if retweets He's awesome!!:D
Being the bigger person, understanding, and not freaking out about the situation >>>
It's a beautiful day for a Bobblehead night stadium with my #1 cutie x1231x
I wake up with WAKE UP allday love him
Tell them that. I can't do it anymore. Or lordy, don't we all.
truth. Might be idk. If not i gota website w every episode. Check hbo on demand too
THE PHIL & JOHN SHOW TONIGHT @ MOLLY BLOOMS PUB IN WATERLOO, ONTARIO
People don't change. Your expectations of them do.
I better check it out then. I haven't had a gyro in a while.
- Thx for following.
Skype just asked me to login... Three strikes your out on the Mac. Microsoft?
One hand buzz: play ghost notes on snare in a groove and experiment with one hand buzzes on toms and snare.
I've been lost but i wont lose you
If you are watching #Scandal 2nite, watch the homie on live Fri @ 3pm! She is the same IRL!
my hats aren't here yet </3
From the fish's point of view, that is.
Watching the Grizzlies finish 'em off with my girls
Thank you so much guys!! #iFollowAll #teamfollowback :D
can i retire and move to Ecuador? what a nice vacation idea send our parents
I really don't think 2 ppl should've never been yelled at in my government class get rid of those 2 boys n we'll be good!
Advice given to interviewee: Don't tell me how much u will love to work for my company; tell me what u will DO for my co. in thank u note.
RT : Watch newscasts #OnDemand Channel 411! Tune in to today at 9 a.m. for more details!
I should be able to make it, tho my cousins flying into town from HI tmr, so not certain
Tell everyone about ! Firsst 10 people to retweet this gets our single Sunshine for FREE!
lana del rey is my everything....
Count me in, esp for anything frosty-cold and delicious!
but I think his view of technology in the classroom is suspect or at best not clearly defined.
wow! just googled her; she is cute as hell!!!!! fuuuuuuuuuuuck
so can you talk now what's up.....anything new?
I have fellow wrestling-fans/awesome-people-in-general coming in from all over the country
Drake is a half Jewish....lol
i have fifty five follower ya buddy thnxs for the follow
yes my friend works as a mall cop and we do r wash here for free lol
I do too. It's like improv comedy -- I like watching other people do it, but I'd look like an ass if I had to do it myself.
A show of my Mandalas and Deities Paintings starts Sep 3, 2010 at Mendelson Gallery in Pittsburgh. Images of paintings on Facebook
he's blind katie!
Yes! RT : Q5/Q6 I also want to know if their idea of what the job is matches what they wrote in the ad. (Often, no.)
We must stop trying to shoehorn children from immigrant and singlechild families into hockey and football because of their expense & imagery
omg auntie cheryl <333 look so youngg
Poot: Do the chair know we goin' look like some punk ass bitches? String: Mothafucka I will punk yo ass for sayin' some shit. #thewire =))
Such a gorgeous day it is! Very cool and breezy. Feels fresh outside.
The pump is over for ALZM time to short!
love the profile pic. Play your ass off this year! Whatever happens, happens. Do your thing. F Pete!
oh my god you favorited my tweet I feel like I just got a celebrity shout out
#TheVow preview gets me every time can't wait to see it in theaters
SEW #IFMA has officially joined Twitter and is celebrating Communications 2.0 for their 25th Anniversary year.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: 50 cent Wings and Chicken with Wild Rice Soup
- I was a media relations intern that year... 'twas a horrible nightmare of a season! But the All-Star game was fun!
Why did you change your name to D Wenzel? Dan is in your handle. WE KNOW YOUR NAME!!
I love how there's a small blemish right next to my nose piercing. #annoyed 😒
what's that suppose to mean?
GAHHH I HATE BEING SICK! );
If you LOVE us, cast your VOTE now! Abqthemag.com best of the city! Voting ends Sept 1st
No one group/department should own social media Agree or Disagree?
Is there a link? I'd like to see/read his full comments.
Kentucky is a good place to see a race. Hopefully Bruton gets the traffic issues addressed by next one.
All registered for my final 2 MBA courses. Crazy how time flies/ how long its been since I enrolled.
Check out my friend on tonight! Woot! Go, Khemali!
officially started to import all of my music from CDs to laptop. this is going to take foreeevvverrrrrrrrrrrrrr
I'll be your date as long as you let me do the counting.
oh s***, you were sitting on the patio talking on your bb with the laptop that says "patch"! I remember seeing you too :)
if you want to call by yourself lol !!
Where is the link to the article?
Happy Halloween from Infiniti of Denver!
follow me please i love you so much <3 ;
First time I'm getting my hair done by habeshas
that's a beautiful picture! Watch out for all of the tourists! :)
I grabbed that exact model! For myself... as my wife scoffed and questioned their effectiveness... so similar stories!
no problem, I got you bro
Only Walter Mosley can use words like "susurration" & "ex-sufflations" in a mystery novel & still give nothing but pure joy to the reader.
Kobe vs Lin tonight should be interesting!
Come in and check out Pink Magic! Customers love this stuff!
Registered for the BAA 5K! Now let's just hope I get accepted. And can get back in shape to run without wheezing.
yea man...if you need a game early, we can get it....
oh of course! but these clouds are not working for me😒👎☁
thx to everyone in downtown lb who came out for the breakfast today! not gonna lie, it mighta been the best breakfast yet. :)
Brunch begins at 10:30 today. Come check it out!
I wish u were here I really miss u kid!!!!!!!!
coincidentally, biting a French conversationalist and doing a Parisian. what are the odds??
Faith, Hope, Love
Thank goodness i work Bank hours and am off today :) Going to see Mission Impossible 3 with the fam
looks like you'll have to find a new reason to hate #Xavier now.
No, I want to change things. It's just that when I look at my circumstances, I feel like an idealistic sucker being swindled.
just getting to a tv and it being half time <<<<
Tan people have more fun.
I def belong in NYC:) this I know.
<3 thank you to my favorite girl to jump people with ;) sarcasm*
I just missed you in a tiny chat?!!!!!!!
thanks you so much for your support, Donovan. You rock!
agreed! You are right, again... Now you're showing off. ;)
looking forward to see more sf games up, also, subbed!
Heading to Samuel Horne's Tavern in Folsom this Thursday! 7pm, like always :)
Hearing #oomfs voice >>>> 
DCD and Blazed Entertainment present Sinful Solstice Fest 2010 benefiting the UNM FOCUS program for at risk children.
Photobombed snow white like a champ tonightt
I want to go back & meet Jesus.
Fuck moving drums.
Thank you for the RT!
you bumping the newest mix during ur runs???
The new #Brandy album is awesome. When I say Brandy I mean #SilversunPickups. When I say #awesome I mean pretty good.
We could always come over...
Me and are singing International Harvester like a boss.(:
Pack your bags YOU ARE WATCHING 3 LIVE in New Jersey this Saturday! Congrats!
Even knowing about it makes you a hipster, hipster.
Happy Friday! Go see a new show this weekend and support original theatre!
just got glow in the dark paint. i'ma do something amazing with this.
Yes! and 80! Sadly we missed winter this year.
u know what to say! ;)
Same to you babe :) <3 hope you had a great day !! x
who ran it? Any video of it anywhere?
Follow our friends They have a mini/golf outing on April 14th in the historic third ward.
And your son is AMAZING! So funny and charismatic!
Now what? How do we move this forward? Let's create hubs of communications, let's work together
Good Morning Kurt ...your thoughts on the Steeler draft? Bro with all the change Dixie is paying you buy yourself an I phone
#time2builddaSTACK!!! Let's do this
I cannot stop watching game of thrones
not yet. im makin moves on that shit tho
THANK YOU shoutout to for helping us make a special someone's birthday extra great with those fun balloons!!!
This time last year only the people in the band knew who we were. 1,100 twitter followers later, and we can't wait for 2012!
Having rap some
umm I'd probably just flick you in the eye
No hell no (excuse my french) we should won and got it over with.. Boo!!!
I said the exact same thing to everyone I was watching with. Give the man his gun back, though it was a good thing that Carl had it.
Thanks again for your powerful remarks on yesterday and for inspiring a generation of HBCU advocates
Sounds like you're working on Bruce R. smith's soundscapes.
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck is at the Alvarado Transit Center, on the platform for National Train Day.
Does anybody else have dreams about their ex for no reason ? I seem too and its annoying
Hahahaha brew shakes.
Why am I batting at a batting cage.. When I don't actually play..?
sounds like you need some lessons from your gpa
I feel like this bishop drew the short straw.
Hoyas were managing well without Sims and Lubick, but NC State just broke off a 7-0 run. JT3 calls timeout up 25-22 with 4:03 to go
ah look whats on yo head
I'm tolerant on train but being near crowd of French parents/kids wearing animal hats, singing, shouting & taking photos is just torture!
McGill tip: narrowing down large story's "nugget." When you are close to story but not there yet, that's when to nuggetize more.
Great play by Freddie right there. How bout move your ass off the mound next time JJ
Try to make library website best Frankenstein it can be. For the forseeable future it will still be frankenstein!
I just used the conference schedule and it did exactly what I needed!
sounds great! We will enjoy having you here
Levander: Tech needs to learn humanities disciplinary knowledges, and humanists need to learn science and comp sci knowledges
Thanks! I got to get this moving! Want to laugh? I am getting magnet bumper stickers for my car today. :-0
2. Make sure window AC units fit tightly so air can't escape. This can shave up to 20% off heating and cooling costs.
Guess what we're celebrating this week - it's salty, delicious and part of a carnivore's diet...
Wow, cocoa puffs are great!
This ain’t no love song, I just felt like gettin’ my guitar on
Hey Brad, no problem. Thanks for following me! I wish to meet you someday.
Did they call you?
Happy Birthday from ! Celebrating tonight aM I ok at
I'm waiting for True Blood!
We still have 100 to enter from yesterday!
not gonna lie...you got me lol #followme? Love you!
If you haven't tried our new wings you Have to stop by! Today is the best day to stop! Wing Day at Brass Monkey, .35 wings or .60 Boneless.
you guys need to be on a sitcom together.
I always tell girls "I'm like an open book" then whisper "from public library with pages missing and a bunch shit written all over it.”
You chase me, I chase you....It's all a big ass game...Spending all your money on a Mfer who will never really appreciate you...
All kinds of newsy nuggets from Orangebloods.com's coverage of the Under Armour and U.S. Army AA Bowl practices.
Jordan Stafford will always be TheJordanator to me
I Want It BAD.
happy easter!
That was not a good inning from K-Rod.
Totally agree w/ I look like a lobster but worth it to support and
then how did you reply lol
Awww, thanks to me all the guys in my 8th period know What Makes You Beautiful and now they all sing.the song :D
Ok... jus bus a Queen Jane tune.
“: We can't wait! #MagnersNation” so excited for tonight!
Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese. - Nick Cannon
With a prick upon my thumb, something wicked this way comes......
Already Seen So MANY Kony 2012 Posters !!! :D
* alright , just let me know .
A good leader wins a war...A phenomenal leader avoids one.(via: )
The Fast, Fabulous, Allegedly Fraudulent Life of Megaupload ’s Kim Dotcom
Times like these, I wish I had my own place with big bags of weed, a guy to give me non-stop mouf, and fruit snacks. >
Ok I got to many producers on here claiming they made Tupac Back. Stop fucking lying b4 I bust dat ass out. Don't get embarassed on Twitter
"I told you to be patient, I told you to be fine. I told you to be balanced, I told you to be kind."
Ran 9 miles in 1 hour and 15 mins and felt great. marathon training 9 mile
Follow me
Excuse me is Ross Detwiler chewing on a piece of wheat while pitching? Say what?
363 days till marriage. At work hate it!!!!
you ever felt like a piece of velvet cake?
You have to be pretty happy. Game 7 Saturday!
YAY! I now have clear internet. 35$ bucks a month and I can do everything I need to do home and on the go. Whoohoo. Now I pay 15$ a month!
we r! Here we go!
Be My TweetHeart starts tomorrow! "candy heart messages" tweet back using the same letter!
Rich, just wanted to send a general thank you for the work you do on Capitol Fax. Valuable information every day. Great job.
Your loved one could already be in their FINAL resting place, like many victims of those locked up.
time for tron soundtrack + 3rd cup of coffee + book + art project. SUNDAYS FOREVER.
One in every 9000 people is an albino.
Microfilm secured; Cancer13 proceeding to egress.
yay! Ooh! Tell me how it is. Bon voyage!
LION KING ON BRO LMAO
It's a crush of shrimp, which far and away surpasses a murder of crows, particularly if you use the right condiments.
guess we need a Google+ page too.
jorge: 8:00am Houston still without power. The Heights area is a mess of uprooted trees and blocked streets.
I'm just grateful there is someone that recognizes the efforts put forth by hard working individuals. Makes me
i got some skeletons myself. but i display them on my shelf.
Yep. Unfortunate that there isn't more infrastructure!
I tried to hunt down the source. Maybe JM got it. It could be one of those "stats" that never is backed up.
Workin' like a mad man this week.
Yess I Am.
RT : RT : who should Gingrich thank first? Marianne? John King? Juan Williams? Mitt's accountant?
It's like The Austin police department hired seasonal help, they're all over the place!
India is planning a "solar atlas" to map the intensity of the sun's rays to find the best location for solar technology....
oh I got a red dress for ours, I just need one for awards day
I dare you...
We come spinning out of nothingness, scattering stars like dust. ~ Rumi
do homework -.-
follow before she commits!27
When do u leave for the navy?
keep yer eye out for the magical trolley on the tracks tomorrow
First rehearsal today. Very excited to share these voices with you!
Alright this is routine is already getting old.......
I need to eventually get them in Flickr (until someone comes up with something better).
Feel better soon!
We will make sure to re-follow you because we love Pinterest Cat and think it should be a meme!
Chicago, Union Reach Agreement on Streets and Sanitation Pay
I mind my business on things I know nothing about
having class with the guys only today was so much fun. i love spending time with my girls but the guys are so much less dramatic. #sofunny😂
bahahahah u won't ! Tell me
If happy ever after did exist .... I would still be holding you like dissss .
#ZBoMomsDayBrunch Maybe a selection of "Post" brand cereals.
Justice has been done
Cool. I want one.
I had the same problem. My word was "finite".
The older I get the percentage of people I actually like gets lower and lower
If its on his permanent record, the school is going to know. DUH.
Sorry we got spammed, disregard any of the past few tweets!!
Driving in tornado storms
I'm eating chocolate, drinking a beer and watching Sex and the City on my couch. What have I become?!
Thank you guys! Yes, we are here! Always moving up and forward! :)
For the first time in my life, I am disappointed with Bo.
Want real dirt on #CivilWar Camps? GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon Kindle. Whores in camp, morphine legal, Hooker in charge.
Omg no! was injured in a car wreck! She in the hospital fighting for her life!
"The beautiful Florissant, Missouri"
not bad all! Who should I ask for when I drop by? Any time after 2 works for me.
sorry to have missed you too! ended up cancelling anyway bc service ind people couldn't make it til after 10, went to CK
Prodigy . Yes Him all the way <3 ! (: and a fan he likes (: Please Please Please (: !
Happy Bday Young Blood
actually. i think i'm on to something...
fine im sorry ahha
I wish I was a rich bitch.
doing an interview!
I sat thru the whole thing waiting for the good part. But like said, it was "dances with wolves in space"
Greyhound racing is fun. I get tired after a few laps though, the old legs arent the things they was previously...
#90's: I remember when I had to wait for Porn on #Channel52 all night just for a Green Boob! Feel lucky Kids
I only exist as a construct. But it's a construct you can actually attend.
I wonder if it was a guy I know from Pgh Beer Meetup? During tasting @ a local brewery, he asked "Are there hops in this?" *sigh*
Jacky's gonna eat you
That presenter is Cassie Mundt Her research was on understanding the teen visitor experience
#3WordsOfAdvice Don't give up.
RT : Just left the mall. Really hoping my wife wants half a giant pretzel for Christmas.
was trying to work out how i got new followers...checked my emails and i saw you retweeted me..i was like HOW DID I MISS THIS!
Eminem is so attractive
Um.. surprise?
Annndd let the Rihanna/Chris Brown jokes begin.
WOO! NADAL IS COMING BACK!
If you're up for anything, be prepared to have to live it down
#gratefultweet: For the wonderful musicians I get to work with, and terrific instruments, and new challenges.
thank you Ms. Marley! Saw Lauren last nt! She said she's coming 2 see #SarahsWar !
Sorry about that bro - got wrapped up. When do you work this week?
Cant understand why it takes 4 days to get a technician out to fix my problem. At&t could switch my service over faster than that.
You have a special place in our heart too!
Nothing like fucking up in a shit show league and blowing the game.
Ha! I am going to have to try that approach with my two little fellas.
GG just your everyday push!
I bet you’re trying to prove what the meaning of single is
forgot how much i absolutely love
Awesome!! We actually put your "Anticipated Games" notebook in Explore, so you may be getting a few followers today! ;)
get shouted out to all my 1OO,O followers when you follow
the only reason I'm not locked out is cause my ooc bestie let me use her number e.e
Maybe I'm scared because you mean more to me than any other person. You are everything I think about, everything I want.
I am wide open most of the afternoon if you have some time.
RT : Don't know what to say or how it say it? Dance it ouuttt!
Candlelight and music... #relaxing ah
would u be interested in letting our community know about your bread at our food event on 9/23 in the Humble, TX area? :)
Emails that include "Anthropomorphisms until the pain stops." >>>
Awesome...awesome :)
": Injuries are just running rampant right now..." Damn league and their revenues.
#gooddaysunshine Take a walk, try running today, commit to something new that seemed impossible yesterday. Say yes to life :)
I miss my long hair, methinks I'm gonna grow it back.
Another great ATP TAG CIO Roundtable. 450 people and me as VOG and Red Carpet VIP Host.
Umm yes yes yes yes yes!!!! My toes need it!!!
#SportingKC welcome Back Davy we have missed you please come back and retire as a KC player
No way! I was a dance teacher for years and think that show is a disgrace!
Awesome turnout! RT : Book club = success! RT : Ready for our first book club meeting!
How's the writing going? It has been 2 hrs ! ;-)
NO. WAY. If anything I'm more loyal!
3rd Pick NFL Week 3 -- Falcons/Saints - 49 Pts. #TakeTheOver -- Brees will do his thing, spread ball around, Ryan & Gang score at will too
Hahhahahhhh I love Bill O'Reilly
Wow that high ass dribble by dirk has been a problem
I thank the God above for keeping my mother, In spite what the doctors have said we serve an awesome God!!!!!!
My owner can be a mad bitch sometimes! And she isn't even a dog ;) go follow ---->
Omg!.. #JenniferHudson tribute to #Whitney must have had that #Grammys audience in tears.
I hope so. Want him to be more of a regular regardless of who is pitching.
No you don't lol RT : I still think the #Knicks can win :D LOL
can i help?
+ Ginger Ale = Amazing. Oh and it's HenneSSy my dear. :P
Thanks for hanging out with us! RT : Thanks for that great brunch today! The white sangria was just what I needed!
How is everyone out in the twitterverse this fine evening?
about to hole myself up in a lafayette coffee shop for a couple of hours to get some work done...any recommendations?
Patron Profiles webinar for libraries beginning now. Follow at
From my time with , I feel like we need to have the state call marriage what it is: a business partnership.
I'm fearing that this is the inevitable letdown after the huge win at Leeds. Need to stay focused.
We all love the Muppets!! Bring your friends and family to the FFL Saturday at 2PM to laugh and enjoy the Muppets!!
the only place anything seems to be happening is state street, everywhere else is normal for the most part
Switched to Balvenie Double Wood for the night cap. Nothing beats a good #singlemaltscotch before bedtime!
well that's not good I hope ur fri gets better
pittsburgh represent what what
Well hello there, May. It's about time. Is it just me or did April seem to go extra long this year?
#skins really enjoy going after ex-raven linemen and overpaying, Grubbs is solid but could cost way more than his worth.
#wiunion West of #Milwaukee it's "stand walker": #WIrecall disappeared. Appears like thief&fear. No freedom of expression anywhere there.
No question...just saying knows how to help you with your resume!
I'm here for you bro. I been there before, but don't hold in that anger. Be peaceful & don't let them steal ya joy.
thanks! Hope you're doing well!
Remainder of the workday should be canceled, on account of nice weather.
An uplifting morning!
Is and praying for patience!!!
Do you have the patience to wait till your mud settles and the water is clear?can you remain unmoving till the right action arises by itself
Don't be nervous. BMA is a great organization. And from what I've seen the meetings are an excellent experience.
They will be available at the scholarship booth RT : where will we be able to get MLA '12 jerseys during
I have a fetish for eating pucci ...... But only in a relationship, cause I aint risking my life from a jumpoff even head
COME THROUGH B RT : south
no! i love u ging!hahahhaha is it all gonna be blonde?(:
Mutltitasking hurts performance but makes you feel better
I'm loving the new #Success Magazine online features for coaches! So much to explore, watch, and read!
Lol.. Dets ya excuse..# You need ah whooping..( ;
your welcome Chuck Chubs :]
That just made my day!! :D
Even if you put bacon on top -- that's the power of the Ancient Grains!
What exactly is "computer technology" in a curriculum sense? Sounds very 1970s.
Good morning :D
wow i really don't know what to say.
Fight Night!!
