Amy Rasmussen of Chicago Arts Partnerships for Education (CAPE). Recognizes the conference as a call to action
staying home this year for Thanksgiving. Looking forward to having 4 days off!
"Procrastination is the key to failure." ~Tiffini Sherai Jones
What grade are you looking for to complete the quad?
I said yes :)
That day cannot come soon enough. I miss you already!
.: Whole family loves Frog & Toad. And all the Ramona books prompted conversations about real life.
Every man needs a woman when his life is a mess, because just like in a game of chess, the queen protects the king.
Goals set, time to act
Happy Easter to everybody on twitter
Congratulations on your success,I got mad love 4 u and hope u hit Orlando,we need a Queen Bee takeover!
VISIT ME!
dang! I knew I should of changed my picture!...tomorrw I'll wear a Browns jersey. #friendsnow?
LOVE the name of the new Cerner Campus.
Merry Christmas everyone!
haha that's sick!
RT “: Work like a servant to eat like a KING!!!!”
I love you so much!
Seriously, there's green icing flowing down.
Thanks 4 your interest and support. Much needed and appreciated.
Why Good Mornin Stylistas and Stylistos!!! I went from east to now the south!!! Got some things set up out here tht sounds like a good idea
Can't sleep...
Lamb now working really hard to get over those ball screens.
Kinda loving today. You go, girl!
Is there an Avengers screening tonight? Where?
lol damn well if u do ill be ready if not its cool
When were you planning on getting St. Drunken's Day Tickets by the way? Contact and we'll hook you up.
I'm shopping for summer reading ideas. #bookaday is looming over me, and I have about 20 books ready and waiting. Suggestions?
I have a secret.....
Goodness... Glad you're ok!
didn't give u a proper good morning. MUAH! I am here if u need anything. I see #Scandal & downtime in your future sir.
Our French Fries are a must-try! They are authentic Belgian fries and made from freshly cut potatoes!
Need to catch up on yesterday's quotes.. but it's #MUSTSEEJV time for some big boy baseball!
wonderful! Be as creative as you feel necessary!
A DREAM IS NEVER OLD SO LONG AS IT WAKES UP EVERY MORNING WITH NEW LIFE.The postman came this afternoon to deliver another shoe machine
Catch me on CNN at 2:50! I'll be talking about jurors cashing in on high profile cases in 20 minutes
Yeah. I can't stand them live.
RT : Valentine's Day is NEXT WEEK and We've got a Great Gift for the Beer Lover in your life! Check it out:...
Nothing unites the shadowy forces of the penny lobby like a proposal to stop production. Prepare to meet the wrath of Big Penny.
Barca is rocking out goals today - play smart, not hard!
hey can u follow me? I like talking to u lol
my phone died damn
Tax increases? McDuffe, wilde, Hunter, Henderson no! Day yes for high income earners over $300k
Anytime! Keep the good eats coming!
Gonna root hard for #Kansas on Monday night.
I will consider all your works & meditation on all your mighty deeds. Psalm 77:11,12
A special shout out to new Head Coach Joe Tartamella! Be sure to follow for #stjwbb news / updates!
Cap: "Hulk? Smash."
C, we create custom twitter Backgrounds 4 pro athletes & we are Noles! Would love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM us if u want 1
Back in the north. Fall arrived while we were gone. Beautiful colors!
Top of the morning to all, everyone have a blessed day! Happy Friday...
I just want some loyal niggas on my team.. that are down to come with me & experience this dream #Avenue listening to an beat #ILL!
I wonder what fish smelled like before woman went swimming.
Should've went to chubbs to at least see if anybody was out there, still got time but idk
over slepted with my nap oh no :(
hasn't been able to fix our dishwasher in 4 visits. Kinda makes you worry about their nuclear power plants.
From an amazing senior seminar on commerce&culture my senior year as in undergraduate in English at RU. What years were you there?
Looking pretty fresh in that Indianapolis hat! Welcome to the team Luck!
Haha, the song is surprisingly not as provocative as the title. Thanks for the new music, boss! :)
I wanna live good I wanna live right my in securities are eating me alive
followed. And thanks! :)
& whoever said ACG's was comfortable; is a motherfuckin lie
What happened at practice?
Read 80 lines of Euripides in 1 hour today. I didn't read them well, but I still rule this an accomplishment.
could be interesting, especially if painted w/ the detail of a Dutch master, of a student w/ macbook, Starbucks,+ despair.
Reds, currently in second place, just lost and are 16-16 now.
Anyone going to ASU still need a roommate???
Get that man an orthopod stat!
Just another stat to the white folks . Still whip work to the white yolk, absolutely!
I know...I've made a few jokes about how they owe the pitching staff several rounds of drinks due to the extra work!
Im OK ID Sam and Zayn went out ;P so then they could be in iCarly evryday!!!
My balls itch
Walk! #Yankees now down 4-2.
Overcoming a sore throat. Trying to to walk 25.5 miles today to a nice hot shower. The walk is a grade up b/c wlking on Hwy 26 twrds Mt. Hd
Takeaway from ArtClix: Android dev complicated by vendor/carrier implementations. Build your own And. tools for best effect.
right! I can't wait to give someone dysentery right before they get to Cali. NO DANK BUDS FOR YOU
She is a little off - little bi polar. He had so many warnings about courtney.
no not by you its me I should ever talked about it
lol im a Stan! and i do that..haha XD
did you get to AZ?
me too, its weird! just need it to be summer so i can sleep in more lol
Had the best birthday ever :)))
Exactly! So we have to win these games!
i plan on hiding out in my room for the rest of the night, it sounds very nice. #Loner!
RT : Your body hears everything your mind says. Naomi Judd
Sorry the spammers found it but at least it was at the end!
okay, sweet!
I don't have to be in school until 10:30 and I'm up at 7:23 anyway. What is wrong with me? Ugh.
Dats Right RT : Quality over quantity
thanks! Do you recommend that for all with hashimotos?
We should get along famously, Jean...
Two new snapbacks
RT I got war money, baby... I wanna show you how I store money, baby.
Man shaving with an electric razor on the highway
i'm jealous ! D:
Please follow me<3
You got it ;)
Thanks for the follow! #go tigers
Good Morning(:
Thank you Sonic for messing up my order. I order french toast sticks and get a BLT sandwhich. #CloseEnough #FoodIsFood #Bacon <3
Former #Beavers safety Brandon Hardin kicking it with live talks about being drafted by Da
Great job tonight ! Stay aggressive and let your game speak for itself.
thinking of coming to shanghai librarians. Best way to travel from hkg? Train or fly?
Hot out today!
I am writing you a letter explaining everything I'm feeling. Yet, I only use a few words that are truly mine, how is that possible.
Ahaha Uu Stupid RT : I want a slice of you to-go
Mann I'm waiting on u today just let me kno when u coming out
I love #Paleo Mayo. Requires good patience to make it right though but so good in egg salad.
#scms12 turns to Free Culture and Gravitation as examples
I am willing to unfollow and lose your game 136-1. Goodbye.
Mayor Ed Tauer speaks at Cops Fighting Cancer event this morning.
Ours is 11.5 lbs. Usually hides behind a speaker. Sometimes hides bet coffee table and couch. Sometimes under bed.
Guards son, guards
i love the elvis.
Caught a few zs in my car at #SaveOurClincs then back up for radio interview. Rahm can extinguish a grill but not our movement.
followed you. Follow back? :)
i'm thinking tavern on the hill?
DJing Tonight!! Make sure to come out for the best Party in town, served by the best Staff in town!!!
#theawkwardmomentwhen You actually can't decide what seat to take.
Yes...great meeting indeed!
Trying to scarf down this bagel who knows when I can eat next. #dentist Goodluck who's going this morning as well!
Just be a man about it
Ok good night... well good morning :-)
❒ Taken ❒ Single ✔ Mentally dating a celebrity that has no idea you exist.
Meet Mother Jones! myperfed.com/lessons.php Free Daily Warm-Ups for #historyTeacher -
No, as a matter of fact. You'd be surprised how broad-based the ABC movement is. We're bipartisan, from all walks of life.
If there was some way to quantify social awkwardness, Econ majors would beat out all the others.
Good Morning
Life's to do list. Run a marathon and sleep on a strangers couch
thanks! Looking forward to introducing him to my musical collection. Any recommends are welcome...
She miss U 2 thats why she keeping U around positive people
GIRLS- by Lena Dunham is awesome check it out on HBO
Thank you!
We are a proud new member of Chicago Southland Chamber
Tried following the #Apple #iPad announcement on TweetDeck...but the stream was so large it crashed the program. Still can't get in..grrrrr
Anyone with an iPhone have heytell? Holler at me
on local news, man arraigned for making his dog drunk by giving it vodka to drink
Moving day yesterday, first day of classes at Tulane today. Officially beginning my next chapter!
So nice to meet you too! no offense about the germaphobe thing, wish I could've stayed but for sure next time!
Great testimony from sponsors and school leaders in support of SB 576.
#ThingsICantLiveWithout god, country music, family, friends, that special someone, my pets, music, sleep, chocolate!!!:D
hahaha fuck you cunt xD and don't worry bout it who im fuckin tonight cause it ain't you hahahaaha
Some where in the world a girl just pulled out her free boosie panties and did a twerk video. Smh
The Imaginary Band correction ~ our show at 58 Main will be August 11th! Somehow my twitter tweeted without me! Next show 4/28 at Mastrellas
She looked at me and put a frost on everyone's vodka
Invisible People only got $10 in donations for last 2 months...
Is Laura's twitter account ?
BAM! It's Friday! This week came and went before we knew it!
absolutely!!! Let's get together girl
Poor west brom being crushed by chelsea
I know I'm late but man I couldn't make it.
Tomorrow. It's going to be a day... At least vacation can then begin. Well time off work can begin.
“ Are you a product of your environment? Or is your environment a product of you?”
your tat is dope bro . . .
#LadyAntebellum is coming to the Lloyd Noble in Norman, OK on April 7th.
I just fell in love with after hearing she's collaborating with G-Dragon and of #BIGBANG!!!!!!
So, I had been working on the iMac for a couple hours when it suddenly shut down. I think it's over-heating.
Somethings I just can't take
P.S. I think we've worked together before, when you were with My maiden name: Scurlock.
Going to have to check out in Atlantic City some time, AMG does some big things!
Zesting is serious business, but it's worth it.
This celtics sixers game is getting intense.
A beautiful blend of ginger, licorice, cinnamon and mint. Perfect for pairing with your favorite Holiday jammies.
So many fun concerts this week. Are you attending any? Aug 23: Ke$ha presents the Get $leazy Tour - The Lawn at White River State Park ..
If i write a post about sleeping with married men, would you be entertained or appalled?
Guster-Amsterdam Two things that totally rock!
hahahahahahaha that episode was absolutely ridiculous so funny.
Y'all tune in to
I see artist promoting release dates but never see them on the charts. All great record label R great becuz of sales Inbox me 4 sales charts
so jealous!! Bring me any leftovers to lex tomorrow! 😉
Good call, saving that job for tomorrow. RT : gross man clean behind your ears too
On my way to the Fair!
lol that's funny
Indeed, I send my good vibes to your sick kitten, but hopefully some pungent cat nip in the near future as well.
Consensus was hot Sat going 9-2-1 in CFB and Sun so far just over 100 cappers posted and 8 consensus so far with more to come
you're welcome. Now don't go thinking I think you're good at stuff or whatever.
RT "If those with the least among us don't succeed, none of us will." - Brian Gallagher.
Your mad at me because you called me a bitch and now I won't talk to you oh you make sense
your Welcome :)
Djokovic to meet Murray Defending champion Novak Djokovic booked a showdown with Andy Murray in the Sony Ericsson Open final after defeat
OMG perfect bracket so far!
#SOCIALITES SOIREE Barber & Beauty day party 5.20 l Indoor pool l Balcony View l Canary & Cream Edition l #NEWEDITION ticket giveaway
I'm really starting.to despise the Thieves Guild. It's not horrible but it's he same jobs over and over for 4 special jobs.
lol damn why so rude haha
preach. I have not heard one person say something negative about them.
So excited for tonight! RT : Live tweet at the Capital Food Fight, use #foodfight as the hashtag.
Happy Sonday everyone! And may God richly bless you all!
lol his booty shake
I had to bite back a real LOL. NICE!
i had a great time meeting & talking & 2 u wish i got a pic w/u but ty 4 the autograph & signing my nephew's shirt <3
For every video you sent me ... when I check the statistics ... they are all popular in USA <3
haha yeah Purdue and IUPUI both had asked me!
Special-effin' Libraries Thursday (only 2 more to go!) Today, Prison Librarian guest speaker.
then come (: no cause the wheels were popped Dx haha
yeah, its a done deal
oh god I JUST found the bruise from yesterday... perhaps I was a bit too enthusiastic about the fence-leaping
I have yet to see a look I don't like. This must mean the end of the world is nigh.
that's awesome then how come I never see you
funny shirt :)
Paiche Amazone with Ramps and Fiddlehead Fern risotto welcoming Spring!
Just got tix to in DC. What!?!
Im so lazy... love u too.this is why im going to be
hangin at soccer camp
Disney Channel stars speak out against cyberbullying
I love the smell of CSS in the morning. It smells like… Absolute Positioning.
we are doing pretty good, exhausted but good. How are you?
aww love you princess :*
What can u do? Ask ques., offer to help find resources, get other friends/family involved. Don't hesitate to call 911 if life is in danger.
Happy birthday, #GirlScouts! :-)
Whenever I see people I am actually happy to see I look like a fat scrub.
Paul Molitor is the best clutch hitter, base stealer and 82 crew had best infield. He is loyal to his fans and continues to be.
Is Pedro on deck????
#Interop Webcast - 4/18 Effective cloud services today will deliver more benefits later.
Looking for bloggers on our #Royals sister site #MLB #FantasyBaseball. Send a a message if you're interested!
Thanks for the RT - hope you are well!
Excellent, as always. I admire your patience in responding to this stuff week after week.
Your schedule is worse than mine...lol Let me know when.
let's get you some tickets then!
RT Please follow - a new brother site in Christ. I would appreciate it
see you midday Sat.
i hope today goes by fast!!!!
hey what s up :D
Bestie where the hell r u??? lol
I say 2010! Is that do-able for ya?! Maybe let's see if some awesome band plays there next year or something.
Been Followin U For A Min N No Follow Back!??! SEE YA!
Damn typo - I meant Zentai!
! We could do it all at once! I'll hit you up here the day before or something.
Well, it seems to me that it would be off to bed, tweet me some time people, and I promise I will tweet back!
I still love you Timmy :(
follow back?
when you pre order the album will it arrive on the day or do you not know?
Thank god I remembered . That woulda been a huge spoiler. I would have felt terrible.
Nashville just got owned.
just came on my station and I automatically thought of you!
_: Having such a realistic dream that you're not sure if it actually happened or not.
Not as much vomit on the streets as i thought therekd be today.
Just saw my name in the acknowledgments of a book for the first time!
ooooohhh, that girl had a manly voice
It's a great night for hottubbin(:
cant wait to see what night is going to be industry night?
I love iPad?
I'm @ 9am EST hour talking #womenshealth issues, 's all-male #birthcontrol panel #wherearethewomen #nogirlsinthetreehouse?
lol exactly? Something about that quite gas to be wrong. Or my weed is weird. Can't be my weed. It's awesome.
WOW our basketball team lost tonight by 2 points in last 4 seconds...even stillI am so proud of them for the season they had...
Keshia didn't know any good stuff man.
So glad I got a job today!
Yo mamma is so fat you'll need a navigator to go around her.
actually Donnie, I didn't do shit, but click a button and now I rise and grind like the rest of yous
Beautiful vibe cooked wave with the fam
Know of any kids giving back? #KidsAreHeroes would like to feature them! Send 'em their way!
Talking to Abigail
5 more minutes till freedom & beginning my 3-day weekend!
fly safe and happy sir!!!
Looks hot. Show more! :)
: the new frontier of post publication peer-review: it will happen on pages separate from the original article
are you going to have any tickets for the home play off game?
Seriously feel so crappy. ):
Today is your birthday? Have a great one! :-D
Happy holidays to all our vendors and clients from the entire Cater2.me team! :)
Just finished a video project that's going to be on more than 100 websites. YIKES. No one told me that....
Would you rather have x-ray vision or bionic hearing?
Thanks! Woof! To you!
Well that amazing Dupree 30 for 30 ended just in time to see the #NYRangers send this into OT. #bucciovertimechallenge Gaborik Chimera
Chad Hartman discussed obesity, now John Williams is reviewing the indignity of an all-you-can-eat bufet restricting servings.
So excited for Les Miz, 1st rehearsal tonight! :)
OH. I've had those days. Only mine are dealing w/peds clients, then home to my 12 and 16 year olds, then wine. :)
I'm sick but I still have to go to school... FML
I know that feel. I need a good nap spot on campus.
Did not. I was glad to a brotha make it into the last episode.
#Brewers win was 11th in April. That means they take $11 off the price of a Terrace level ticket for Reds series. Great promotion.
Dave Scott is headed to the San Diego Zoo this morning. He'll be talking about Walk on the Wild-Side
There’s a difference between giving up, and knowing when you’ve had enough.
Oh wow! #NC RT Did not know Chuck Brown was born in Gaston, NC.
pretty involved, both SLA & MLA. not on a super high level, but committees and such. :)
I need a place to see what cupcakes & toppings are available. I've come in twice to only chocolate :( it was late tho
Getting ready for the CASCA show tomorrow!!!
Police lining up around edge of Vietnam Vets, speaker says "know that this decision is your own"
Love You Baby Have a GoodNight Mwwwaaah :p
Who gets pizza from Subway? There are so many better options... Maybe there are some things I'm just not meant to understand.
LITERALLY MY MOTTO!!! Get from around me if you complacent!!!
Had a great time, hopefully my group did too!
Little John and professor nuts soon hit the stage
: Jeans being too tight on the calves & way too loose on the waist ..
Hello Khorri, I have something you might be interested in writing a story for. When can we talk?
I just had a deep conversation about Burger King with my best friend. This is why we are best friends.
Thanks for the shout out!
Thanks Brian.
We just saw several twit pics about this book. Too funny!
I'm asking for my own house. You're welcome to do it.
So beauty as a theme for morning prayer fit with your morning already, I see.
Water features such as a #pond, #fountain or #waterfall are almost always the first thing that catches the attention of your guests
Many, many congrats. Kudos to you
Have you Try SAKIRI Vodka, The new preferred Hollywood vodka?
going to play with the "KUbrick" my smarty, look for some apps, then drift back to sleep.
TY and May God bless you and yours as well!!
need that. Any idea where I can get that
I need a SF turnover...now!
i wish you would have said hi. we could have hung out
Ah thanks!
Also: Think I'm gonna change my name.
Girl, yes he is. They call him the Cuban Brad Pitt. Brad Pitt wished he looked so good.
Loving blue shirt remix! What do you pair with your chambray?
perhaps. :) but at least I'm warm now.
: Let's bring the money & jobs from online poker to the US! Simply license online #poker by adding to the #Cybersecurity Act.
RT : Tru dat! Can "graduates" provide scenarios to you? #lrnchat <Love that idea!
just called my mom incompetent
ridiculous right?
#Jimmer won Best College Athlete ~ shocker that a white guy beat out the actual athletes in a nationwide vote.
nope u can keep that ugly 💩 color :)
take me with u
I am freaking out over the differences between GoT and the book.
Ignoring me again. That's okay. Just sleep with your eyes open tonight.
Good morning my twitter family👪
yes it was crazy
Long pass to Gathers to stop at the clippers 16 yrd line. 9 secs left!
Please join me Fri-Sat 10/15-16: "A Tribute to Lena Horne" with Diablo Ballet. See Events tab for details. I'm excited!
Going to the Apple store to get my MacBook fixed didn't give me a headache at all....
My life is plagued by road construction!!!!
Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it.Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
Who in LA wants to work next Tuesday and Wednesday? Email to learn more, a super secret promo job awaits!
Thanks dude, glad you do. Video update soon w/ a clip of new music. RT : i love your guys song "She Said" :D
so supportive of my disorder
Trying to decide if the sky just turned reddish, or greenish. The latter probably means I should be seeking shelter.
some followers come some followers go remeber that. dont get mad when people decide to unfoloow you thats they choice
where ARE you? In traffic? No cell service in this classroom, clearly :)
Just tapped, Hop Henge Experimental IPA (replaces Fish Tale Brewing Organic IPA)
Steve Prefontaine reincarnation alert.... I just finished a 3.08 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
that's mathematically impossible!
You know you work too much when you dont even have time to commute to the office...
Shit just got real. Like for realz Lakers down 4. What is going on? Seems like yesterday this series was 3-1 LA.
yeah buddy... let us know if you run into any
Great event honoring Community Scholars and the donors who make it possible.
We've been to 2 coffee shops and figuring out the third place to go. Bad Wifi, Loud Music
watching glee.
On SpringBreak and lovin it! :D
Pretty sleepy. What a day!
wait nvm kayla dont look at it im changing it again .
Few things in life are as satisfying as seeing how big an ex looks now
Not used to girls? I have daughters and no sons. I have sisters and no brothers. My life is girls.
Yes, I cringe everytime I hear my state mentioned on the news.
Because they don't watch Family Guy, or clueless about Star Trek?
I'm not scared.... Okay maybe a little...
am i alive or dead?
best. mom. ever. RT : Shoutout to my mom for getting me Monicals
I saw campers, yes. Right next to the river too. But I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong with any of them up there.
I'm in dire need of a good vacation, girl time with my girls, and a few good men.
Why Santa Claus so mu#*%f*%kn short?
Turn up the music-Chris brown
Feelin like Mr.Clark all these hoes tryin to lean in me
I'm at work till 3. But after work I wanted to see if you wanted to match and see if you could tape me up.
I think Henrik doth protest too much.
thank you!
Tonight RawRuss at Cervantes MasterPiece BallRoom <3 <3 <3 Come and ENjoY )))) ENvy Protege Designs =^-^=
writing raps
if u follow back
“ Don't make an #Aquarius mad. They'll remain friendly and calm while plotting something intricate to erase you out”
will do. Thanks! Anything you think I definitely have to see/eat before I leave?
It's all about the loonies, just like in the US.
Joakim Noah shooting his finger pistols like he just nailed a putt at the Waterbury Open never gets old!
love the new secret commercial with !
do you eat local honey? that's helped me adjust to a bunch of different spring climates
This line is to long
I let go, he didn't. You didn't want me when you had me #His loss
Tired of all this crap the waiting is what kills but no surprise he has a girlfriend
haha sorry about the confusion, hope you were still able to get on the waiting list for Great Britain!
Once again tonight, #LeBron doesn't take the last shot for the
Link to letter from the OCA?
I'm a vegetarian and have been for six years, but you've inspired me to try my hand at veganism! any tips?
Doesn't more surface area make it easier to cool? Less to heat up though.
Over 48 Hours Ago called...they want their video back
The Rangers didn't do so well this morning, let's see how the quakes do against Vancouver.
How to Present MatchRate PLUS to the Business Owner
i just want to hear it, u know i dont work there no more?
watching #neversaynever directors cut RIGHT NOW! omb! its amazing!!!!
S/O to all you 'diminutive minded broken hearted' ladies, managing to fall for another asshole & ignoring another gentleman..
Enormous confidence/ego boost when Sirius XM employees compliment my voice. Why oh why don't I have a resume on me?
Definitely not an ignorant tweet, no offense taken here, and I have the same questions as you.
Everyone is trying to run website scams to drive subscribership up for the page rankings. Its not 2002 anymore and that way wont work.
What's up w Kanye and all these bum ass outfits?!?! He and Kim don't look good together at all
he has no choice haha the creeps flock to me !
Did a 3-day and was super happy. Comp. full + flavors were great. Heard excellent things about too.
don't question it; you know in your heart what is best!
I'm watching the show on Fox 5. It is SO good. Latin American talent. Jennifer Lopez. Exciting and Excellent. Here comes second hour.
Time for a trip to the record store.
Let's go Bucs!! Luv the pink bats:)
hot dog man time flys well congratulations lil sister
Don't know what I would do w/o my sister though . She really has my best interest at heart & I love her for that . 😘❤
And now I see your point for privacy. If u don't understand the context, many times you miss the point.
Back in the land of the living.
i'am a blonde
only the babies mother is deprived of sleep
Im going to kill someone if it does
I refuse to go out of my way to speak if you don't do the same. Or you feel like u only wanna speak sometimes with yo FAKE ass.
So lonely.
We will be posting numerous tweets but following them would be highly recommended. We will only be re-tweeting extra special ones
Hi there. How was your day?
#questionsthatdontgetanswers What's going through my boyfriend's mind.
We will!!!
The "Iceman" strikes again..
I wish my parents would just buy me a new car.
Once again,
Voice over for Captain America promo today at The Refinery. Thank you Hasbro! The next voice your child hears on TV could be mine..
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards - V.S. Law
Good morning world
Spontaneous proposal during surgery :) this is why I love Greys anatomy <3
I sell ice in the winter, I sell fire in hell, I'm a hustler baby, I'll sell water to a well. I gotta take a final.
Great chatting with about The Human Mosaic Project! (). Thanks so much for your time :-).
Congratulations to Jered Weaver on throwing a no-hitter.
I don't even know why Mike Brown is still calling timeouts. Ain't nobody listening to him.
good night/good morning 
It's getting another round of work done today. ;)
nowhere yet I'm trying to get there
hahaha so u didnt sing today
Happy Monday! Without the tireless support of YST's donors and friends, we would not be able to help Tulsa's youth. Thank you!
Cooking channel : great programing for fun and easy dishes. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS alton brown
Vine has him down in the salt mines.
See u in Germany Mainz ! <3
I'm still up like I ain't hitting the gym at 6:30 in the morning. Smh...
The Schneider Group loves Hillcrest too! About to close an escrow that way!
50 Cent, what are you doing in Floyd's entourage?
Satan girl!! No Jesus! Lol
see you there!
That rocks! RT : Have been asked 3 times during #SXSW where I get my hair done. Thanks Melanie!
The new shoe policy is horrible. Why must I wait for "my" associate when he is busy and others aren't
RT : Seeing the Black Keys tonight. Give me 3 songs I need to know before concert.>> Tighten Up, Lonely Boy, Nova Baby
Knock knock, who could it be?
#18yearsofmemories I have no experience of being this age but it must feel great(: HappyBirthday JB,ain't a fan but ain't a hater either:)
Working on a #capstone and #jobhunt is a definitely a juggling act
Chatting with a shopper about and how great it is. Delicious! "A great tasting peanut-free alternative to peanut butter."
Is there any #thatcamp Cool Aid?
I snorted White Russian out of my nose after reading that. Thanks bud
I just got back from Atlanta, but I'm game to go back!!!
He needs Propofol, stat. RT“: pray #prayforjustinbieber if u love him :( he needs our prayer :( #getwellso0n i love u Bieber"
I'm not gonna keep cleaning this house anymore if the day after I clean it it gets wrecked.
it's understandable how hard it is for Joakim Noah to act like a human being, considering he looks so much like a monkey
Just jumpinn on my trampoline hahahaha . I feel like a little kid again .
What, you never heard of daybreak?
Thursday (y) last day of the week this week
We support saving St Mark's as well. Suggest 40,000 who agree to contribute 10 cents/month 2 help pay rent - let's keep them here.
Thank you Ricky!! We are headed to LA now!! :) he hopes to run into you there :))
How bout them Badger, TD pass to Russell Wilson
the man and his music is coming....loud and clear
I LOVE IT. I LOVE IT. I LOVE IT WHEN YOU EAT IT.
Apologies to our nocturnal Members! JoinSporting.com will be down for a couple hours tonight due to general mantienence.
Seriously this family guy commercial for WHeat thins is the best thing I've seen all year. Been making fun of my mom for years 4 this issue.
yes you do ! Don't lie
It happened... I downloaded
#MdCBF Shout outs pt3 Sorry if I missed U!
Well DJ laz was pimp with the limp RT : Are you pimp or limp
AH I wish I was there! My dad was at today!
sum black/royal blue/orange Jordans : )
my hubby & I just watched ur show. He said if they get divorced, I will lose faith in humanity. I agree, ur a great family.
I have Friday... Then the Sunday the everyone has off. Lol.
Oh, I do like basil.
I have learned that pleasing everyone is too hard, but pissing everyone off is a piece of cake
No I do not want a gift certificate for $20. I want what I ordered.
The feeling of being sick, but your not really sick. You're just sad, upset, unhappy. You just feel like laying in bed all day.
Mega Man, Mario 2, and Zelda 2 - influences I spotted on the #8bit episode of
One day my dream is to be an #MBA advisor. Getting paid for not answering emails or providing feedback or guidance
you back at home yet?
Doing a lot of thinking...
Sick of feeling this way. And I'm so tired of being "nice". Putting both feet down.
Diversity no longer "a problem to be solved" but something to be embraced. It's a strength not a liability
Sad. I liked icarly! Haha ohwell only the good shows die young
Follow the adamouski for updates on our current art competition. The website is not fully finished, however can be used for registration.
Shooting an event tonight in Laguna beach:-)
Looking forward to a day of fun tomorrow and then mtgs & debates start!
I'd trade the entire Minnesota Wild roster for one Claude Giroux ...
Matt is upset the Patriots lost. Follow him so he feels better!
Getting ready to launch our first video for the #ProSkidRow campaign! Get ready!
that is so gee aye why. I love it
that's our oasis! :P
Mondays used to excite me.. then the Bachelor ended.
Will do =)
Long legs = The gift and the curse!
Yes! That will now be my goal! Let the awards roll in.
I am still trying to figure out WTF?? So weird that u got cut off!!
when all else fails just add a hat ;) takes it from meh to fab!
Like the fire needs the air I won't burn unless your there ~
haha its chill, i was like y she calling me a dummy lol
Thanks, Ty! Walking is great! I've promised to post before & after pics...soon!
We won't let anyone ruin our name&stop our causes.We treat your libelous harming attempts with utmost seriousness.
In Austin TX for the #sacubo fall workshop. Dinner/dance tonight: University business officers line dancing is a scary sight
We brought the rain back with us to NYC... at least for a moment... time to kick on some ...
I'm happy to distract! And BTW my pitch is improving! My coach told me so yesterday...3 weeks and counting, ya heard??
won a free lunch through ! so looking forward to checking out next week!
Hi my friends in Iran ask me to tell you we r vey sorry 4 buying neversaynever without copyright permission there's no choice
Wonders how many Saturday night pasta dinners has had in his life.
Thank you!
RT : "Arguing with a fool proves there are two." -Doris M. Smith
you are so beautiful!
do you guys remember the party were doing for the project? Cause I sure as hell don't...
had a dream i bought a ducati :))))
Another Friday night at home because I have nothing better to do and 'cause I suck at life and because YOLO.
Good submit! I'll subscribe proper now wth my feedreader software package!
Chubb: Research hasn't ID'ed what skill set is effective for use of #edtech. Without that, hard to est. prof. development.
Just gave in... hello Twitter world
just finished another screencast tutorial on using Presio's search tab
For every year Lebron doesnt win a ring his hair line keeps going back.
Just saw the new Mission Impossible movie. Really good--everyone knew how to kick butt. Great action.
Congratulations to New Jerusalem Primitive Baptist Church, for upgrading to Divine Graphix Inc. Another Network member in Divine Order!!
Good job, #kentuckywildcats! Shooting better than 50% in the second half makes up for all those 1st half turnovers!
Dear Borders, why do you require a credit card number to download a free ebook? Hmm?
Pocketwatchers deserve to die and ima always stay fly and always stay fried
Who's excited for #MarchMadness???! This girl!!!
BORED:( plzz tweet:)*x
There is a perfectly good reason why so many #SANDIEGO staple businesses chose us for their Web Design and SEO ! Integrity
One more Rondo. ONE more reb.
who am I taking to the venue or whos gonna be there?
I think bader will try too stand early til he feels rampages power than he will try too takedown page but I don't think he can and page will
watch party in the office for
its always drama at the school i go to ! that school needs to be called Drama High !
bout to go World Peace on this asian if she doesn't turn down that chopstix music
Assume that everything you post will be found by the person you least want to find out.
your RTs only make my psychic penis harder!
Agree. There were some good ideas at “Regulatory Relief Day”, & great to eliminate unnecessary & costly burdens on small biz.
...BOOM (I can't disclose anymore than that)
Dear our game got messed up somehow. Will u start a new one with me?
it's gametime...
Wanted to get my thank you cards done today but I don't think I should lick envelopes and spread my germs across the country.
Where and what time
Well , I sure hope so because I joined AFTRA yesterday!
Huge thanks to my talented friend !!! U know what for :)
Arrived safely #jekyllisland and had a great dinner @ marshside bar and grill. #georgia wild caught #Shrimp delish
“Nine tenths of education is encouragement.”
We made it to Chattanooga, despite more van trouble. Pumped for tonight's show with and Ravello at JJ's Bohemia. Come on out!
ok man we will get our tennis on for sure!
Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions
Anyone else dressing up for Star Wars Day tmw?
you working tonight?
remember the legshakingcellulitehavingshortdresswearing fat chick? shes just informed me she is a burlesque dancer.
Just bought a washer and dryer... :-/
True. Good defense by MP, but need a 3-point threat.
#ASTD2011" Meet & Eat" - anyone sticking around and want to meet up for dinner?
I was a non-believer until my work took me to cup race in Atlanta. Gave up suite tix to sit in stands for green flag.
Pretty soon everyone will have tattoos, Eames furniture, fancy hats, and I-phones.
I'm bout to say fuck the whole situation ...lmao
The Survivors Workshop, pioneered by The Meadows trauma and addiction treatment center, is a five-day concentrated workshop that investig
Closed today, but looks like a great day for a ride. We are doing a company picnic today. Ride safe!
RT : The force is strong within you my friend, use it to transform the world in ways never before thought possible by others! :D
well yea of course I would but you would need to take about a 3 hour flight lmao
I'll keep an eye out too, I follow the author on here so hopefully she'll update on the process :)
Cause we're lame...haha
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book !!!!!!!!!
if only every day started so nicely, right? hope you have a great week!!
Let's connect via another medium where we can speak in greater depth. Feel free to email me at Melaniest DOT ours AT gmail. :-)
yes I'm a complete and total smartass. Don't like it? Oh well.
Once in awhile I get it right!
Man. Can R Kelly please get his style back! He can't even put out his music cus everybody doing him right now! I know ya pain Kelz!
It's yours for life! Tweet us your #muglclub number!
Called me a nasty, freak, hoe lol
Moving out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
home is good.
Leaving for Aruba in less than
I scroll through the "Most Popular" shows list on Hulu for too long. I'm glad Whitney exists so I know to stop scrolling once I get there.
always! Might have to change my name to idroveskj ;)
Do you have both your personal and business accounts tied into HuitSuite, or just business?
Hahaha, ok ok you NEED to watch it. , no more tweeting. Domination
These last 10 minutes on the elliptical has been extremely difficult. Maybe the distraction of a post will help.
I agree I liked Raven
Colorado is crying because I'm leaving this weekend
i think im bout 2 kall it a nite....... sad face
heading back to seattle. Hows next tue or wed?
Hey!! #jasminator mind following me back!? 
. yeah, I'm excited. And it's a packed house. Feeling very under-read though...
nothing much...we gotta get together!
Are you ready for some Football?!!
AMANDA KNOX MURDER CONVICTION OVERTURNED!!!!...Choose Faith, Family, Friends and STRENGTH.. CHOICE defines who you are.. BE CHOOSEY!!!
tummy hurts :(
I wonder if Peyton Sivas hairline is starting to get nervous yet
My boyfriend is amazinnngg as Fuck. No matter how many freak outs
Follow our pals and
(... a surprising change of plans.)
When flossing the back teeth, curve the thread around the tooth and push it underneath the gumline.
Fort Minor- High Road.
how you been :)
Valentine's Day in my school tomorrow. And the last day in school. Byea school for 2 weeks! #hellyeah It's going to be hardd bitch!
fbobiles God understands our prayers even when we can't find the words to say them.
Not sure why I all of a sudden I'm being followed by a ton of Nebraska people lately, but I'm not a realtor and I live in NV.. 0_o
Marlins RF Giancarlo Stanton went 3 for 5 and hit the game-winning grand slam against the Mets.
Road tripping with We're not even talking to each other...
I luv naps! RT : Hiya Meghan, sorry to be missin #tchat, was napping. Again! Soon, tho non of that!!
Just started your book! I'm student teaching at Davis MS in Dublin! Book is great so far!
lmao isn't it sad how addicting these things are? :-)
#ala12 Scheduler will be available in a week or so. just trying to make sure all 1400+ sessions are there
Oh, I think you'll live ;)
I wish I was playing Linebacker right now! How do you deal with your anger?
Just watched Dateline TV show on kids & cheating-Facebook, twitter, Google+ hangouts-all shown on screen & avail 4 interactions
Hey u should follow my bestie she is soo amazing an loves your music! SO PWEEZ :) JUST DO IT :)
If you haven't had a Happy Jack's Relish Dog, you haven't had a real hot dog...try Indiana's best...Happy Jack's Hot Dogs
CHICAGO BELIEBERS, WHERE YOU AT? :)
Based on your description, I'm a little concerned that Ted Williams might have auditioned for Idol!!!!!
ill just bring u breakfast in bed when u get back to it lol
what's been up with you cousin hope things are good
: HORRIBLE cust service! Switching numbers btwn phones on my plan shouldn't take hours or effect my data plan
RIP Maurice Sendak - you lit my imagination
THIS is good news! Starting my Friday off right!
Have u written anything regards 2 the right's petty desire 2 hide behind the founders + John Locke? I'm int in u'r take!
Make that "No" worries. Hehe.
It takes more than just a good looking body
The Supreme Court will side with the proponents of Obamacare. It is too serious to be struck down all at once. Big victory for Pres Obama
what did you do?!
Okay I have a more inspired tweet. Wasabi peas and beer...yum!!
Um, where is the air coming from?
Oh, thnks for 1Q84. Must be hard giving grades to ungraded ones. I have a hard enough time figuring out my own grades!
I'm down for that, lets do it!
#ChildHoodMovies the land before time
Lenovo drafted Stanford QB Luck for its party with Microsoft
Any ideas on where to look for grant/program evaluation reports? Many grants come with a match to evaluate the program.
Listening to music
you go to bed.
Soup of the Day: Beef Barley! 1/2 sandwich and soup combo now available!
because you no follow or talk to mi. hurts los feelings brah...
I've been very fortunate 2 have some of the best players in the game. ~ Sir A Furgeson
FX Has The Movies
1 definition of DISCONNECTED CULTURE-When the SAXOPHONE TEACHER can't afford the Selmer SAX that their spoiled students parents buy them.lol
What would we do without a phone in life ,or internet?? :/
Thank you for singing the National Anthem correctly!
Putting together a database of new city hires for In Feb the city hired a Head Exterminator at a max salary of $45k
It ain't no help for sum people yo
will do
thanks for the RT!
My guilty pleasure is _________.
Thank you for following Your iDeals ABQ! Happy New Year!
my man.. the columbus show..
Ready for the next session! "Content Planning for Smarties"
Start of the 3rd period #Wranglers lead 2-0 still. Let's finish strong fellas
Don't feel like driving“ Go outside then RT : I want to go outside”
Loving someone is madness ! I am HAPPY when people call me MAD.
miss my cousin and our adventures we always have a good time lol
no my Granny's in Louisiana
Dancing the night away with #DanceWorksBoston! 14 weeks until the best show in Boston hits the stage!!
#ThoughtsAtWalmart: Why is everyone wearing their pajamas?
Happy Friday
Umm could Minneapolis get any better. Walked in2 D'AMICO & they offer us 2 comp ticks 2alvin ailey dance across the street 2nite!
should i delete my twitter? :o
If it's gonna be on a movie..... Might wanna shave your vagina....
When my little brother keeps crying, I show him his birth video in reverse and tell him that's what happens if he doesn't stop.
Just kidding!
Thanks We like you too!
#Phil #Ivey is the #bumblebee (defies gravity) of poker. He defies mathematical law. Incredible!
Redneck Vocabulary: Bidness - The art of selling something for more than you paid for it.
same man. Just working side jobs.
Obama in NH: "You know we can’t just drill our way to lower gas prices. You know there aren’t any quick fixes or silver bullets."
Kind of miss you....
did you watch our promo yet or check out our new website?
if you're a Korean film fan in general, add Memories of Murder and The Chaser to that list. All mind-blowingly great flicks.
hahhaa..his hair and chestiness..its awesome..
But it sounds like it might be a similar paradigm shift that went on from Digital preservation to digital curation or digital stewardship
Twitter girls are not just pretty faces on my timeline they are also smart girls with important opinions lol jk haha
well, I'll be greased and fried!
THANK EVERYONE FOR COMING TO MY AUTOGRAPH SIGNING.COME SEE ME SATURDAY IN RICHMOND REGAL CINEMAS AT 2PM-6:45 FOR THE 6:55 PM SHOWING
you're dumb.
hey i just met you an this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe ;) , obessedddddd with that song
great photo! I'm loving the spring weather...hope it sticks around for spring break!
What is happening to JJ?
bitch please don't get too excited xD
BTW I'm out the loop what the fuck happens in #2weeks #14days and #boyfriend my daughter is trying not to give up on
Im actually back in #LA now but had a great time in #Vegas. I play keyboards & piano. How bout u?
OMG! U r didn't have any idea about my evening at all it sometimes be a nice and some very awful !! Gosh I want that end !!
In My Hurt To The Black'Peppers'z
Jim Rome post-interview after 10 minutes of soft questions: "Stand up guy right there. Straight shooter. Pure class."
I hate watching tv!!
I wish somehow Gus Johnson could commentate every sporting event. He makes it so much better.
is my role model. Her songs take me to a happy place. A place with hot boys and great alcohol. And glitter. Tons of glitter.
just asked cuz i really dont want to be in school right now
thanks for the encouragement. 5.26 miles and no rain!
Happy Hump Day !
Lol yup! RT : #YouKnowItsRealWhen ...your mother calls u by your first, middle ,and last name!!! Awww shit!!{•~•}
Craig's List should have the option to not include people kennels in search results.
Oh the nonsense!
i wish i could have see route 66.
Have you "liked" Denver Sports Top 9 Moments? If not, be sure to do so!
USA beats Australia 3-1 in a warm up game in South Africa between World Cup Teams. Australia was 13-1 in last 14 games
if I can get time off and muster the emotional fortitude to endure another stupid wedding...maybe.
More shows coming soon...
"Same buds, different taste."
A woman can look book moral and exciting ... if she also looks as if it was quite a struggle.
i want Battleship..NOW ! :/
#justbeabetterdadthanTHATguy award goes to the man who just came in the liquor store with his 2 kids and yelled "Let's get fuckin wasted!"
Definitely, and Carlo your uncle that just arrived from #Italy is one cool person!
Just saw a commercial for a psychic. I finally understand 2070716. Lmao
Day two of filming webisode- fun fun fun!
Thank you Moveable Type! Thanks (and farewell) Cellar Door Gifts & Gallery.
congrats man! keep it up!
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , , &
Looking for a job? Need more time on the computer to polish that resume? Our Laptops for Job Seekers are available Monday-Friday from 10-5.
Hmm, I have new followers. Hi new followers! I'm glad you thought I was interesting enough to follow.
so much shit to do.... so little time!!
I'm gonna guess that Chuck Long is probably not the correct answer?
wahh go online tweet. im taking a break from hw for u lol hahaha i love u just sayin lol not that u will see but #nsn and yolo
The problem is that the schools are. And most folks are scared of the violence that happens inside. Ask teachers. They'll tell
Thanks for the follow
Bury me in the bedroom where I, I can sing you to sleep everynight; <3
yeah I do. Fenn tower!
UGH MY TWITER APP KEEPS CLOSING!! WTF!!
Great! Looking forward to it!
RT "Any type of project based learning hits on competencies, relevancy & rigor, supports differentiation" lol props:
Due to high winds the Zingaro has moved to Tractor Tap Room for the rest of the day.
and i bet you were still smoking HOT!
Thank you! :) RT : buy local, buy handmade!
wind gusts increasingly extremely strong, large trees swaying, air filled with green leaves off trees; rain mostly heavy.
I thought Rick Carlisle was smarter then that
I'm going to the Haight Street fair on Sunday with We could meetup there, at Haight and Stanyan, and go for coffee.
photographed an office of engineers yesterday and a gourmet restaurant today.
word. Actually not sure that I want to be mayor of that place.
Just maxed 150 on the bench.
are you on the road this week?
Turns out I'm a Cubs fan! Who knew?": How does a GOP Super Pac guy get everybody talking about Jeremiah Wright #chicagocubs"
Happy Monday!
RT : I like To EAT OUT in The Bedroom
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Circus Clown Barbie ...complete with scary face paint and scary wig
When detoxing, toxins in your tissues release into your bloodstream, side effects include killer headaches! caffeine is the devil!
Hey if you thinkin my tweets bout you..... #Youguilty haha and please stop
There's no time like the present to prepare for the future, so get right with God before it's too late!
Coldest beer in Folsom. Enjoy
bro look up 100 Hunnit by Wale and Meek Millz. I feel a Cloud 9 mix coming soon.
Look at me gettin' all tech savvy. Twitter yesterday and today I finally set up my Blackberry's voice mail (three months after I got it).
then why rnt u in my arms:)
I feel even older: I don't know who the Beastie Boys are.
I'm finally getting the hang of the SAP Business Objects OnDemand reporting system. Not a small learning curve!
Hey Thanks for following ;)
Sneak Peak at tonight's set list with Sean Jones & Stefon Harris: Soul Eyes, Resolution, Dolphin Dance, Giant Steps, and more!
I am so into this.
Drew gets shittty when i ask him all these questions about the law lmfao
- hello Robbi. I worked many years for Pearson. Now in Omaha doing distance learning in academia. All the best
Going To Sleep Early Finna K.O Good Night Twitter ~__~
Lucas Wharton, owner of many fine leather-bound novels stealing the hearts of women everywhere.
im in my bed on my laptop
Oh indeed. (P.S. I've been vegan for 16 years, and when I read yr Todd the Vegan post, I died. THE ONSLAUGHT OF QUESTIONS.)
Theodore Roosevelt was shot at during a rally. Since he was not coughing up blood he decided to continue with his speech - for a full hour.
haha, not surprising. Been a fun but intense week.
RT : "Commander, pls leave the room so we can talk about you behind your back."
omg i was waiting for you to call me!! We were supposed to skype our shows tonight??!!???
Transporting chocolate bunnies in 94 degree heat. Tricky business
hi im doing great how about yourself
gina! I am so excited to chat it up with you :) mentoring is much needed... See you soon!
Great idea I will have to do that.
thanks for the advice Lenna loves her Fire
whit. Give this kid a follow!
lol that last time you saw me before this year was like the 5th grade so how do you know.!?
I'm looking to talk to people who have transferred from BCTC to UK about how their credits transferred. If you fit: .
what's hannah's twitter?
Not long now until the #Emmendingen Exhibition. Looking forward to meeting twinning groups from Poland, Germany and France.
Feel Good about this Weekend (Michigan vs Purdue) We're gonna do the right thing and WIN!
I didn't know that women went to spin class wearing jeans skirts...
pumped to watch u tonight on the vmas! ur gonna do great!
IM NOT HERE FOR THAT I WOULDNT BE LIVING
The Tallest Man On Earth is keeping me company in my studious state.
whoa...had to read that twice! lol
Listening to White Winter Hymnal seems appropriate. Excited for snow accumulation - finally!
In grading jail in my office. Will pay visitors for distraction with donuts...
I am in atlanta and teach esl
We're both proud and grateful to have been named a Top Place to Work in DFW by The Dallas Morning News!
Good Morning Tweople! What are you doing for your business today?
Thank you again to HROA, iTalent, Oracle and StartupAmerica! We are leaving DC this morning with a renewed sense of purpose!
welcome to L.A
Pretty sure one of our regular visitor kitties has rabies and is near the end of the cycle :-(
Buffalo wings never get confiscated;)
Things that should never be found in a camera bag: newspaper, fruit, rolling papers, crumbs, gun
Hey, Dan. Thanks for the RT have a great weekend.
the 19th. are you done?!
When I saw King's Speech, I knew Tringled would work. Middle-aged people working on a high-wire without a net. Who wouldn't watch?
i hear you.. could you imagine ruining a relattionship over twitter
Alright pacers wtf
#GURT2011 Friday afternoon panel: SK to TTYL: Sign Languages and the New Media
thanks for the heads up - hopefully I won't be here tomorrow.
I'm here now:-)
1000 tweet goes to :* you're gorgeous, we should talk more ^.^
ok time to wake up - he needs to make me breakfast out of leftover steak from last night's insane dinner :)
should've taken her for a spin hah
Tht moment when u realize u just got fuckd over.. I ain't even gona lie.. nice game
it really did ha I need that girls touch=] hah
Terrible. I couldn't have played worse. I had a blast though. I'll get 'em next time.
Bill, where are you going? : ... shifted the way I thought about/interacted with The Lib.
haha. You are so angry(:
Tired of this school
“: Yup definitely getting lottery tickets”///same here bro lol
First Friday TONIGHT @ The ARTS Gallery! Come see radical watercolor paintings by ARTS Students and professional artist-mentor, Yanina C.
hahaha of course your best friend!!:)
In Austin atSXSW sun is a great thing. Will send it your way.
It's 4 a.m. and I just got home after chasing a fugitive all day that jumped out of a second story window to getting a school locked down to
u knw wat i did to get mor followers i followed a hole bunch of random ppl and also of my tweets
Do you need help with your Social Media Marketing? We offer Twitter, Blogging, Press Releases, Facebook, Youtube and More!
I'm seeing lots of Spam messages today too :-/
Biggest debate in our cart: which ball game we listen to. Mariners or Giants?
CALL ME.
looking at my calendar, I have nothing scheduled for today. that's got to be wrong. maybe I was supposed to be off?
Time to go feel some PAIN!!
Just when i think today cant get any better, i hear Duff Fucking Mckagen will be in the Jungle today w Ah Hell YES!
Cadyn & Jayli have discovered Angry Birds! And the obsession begins!
Thanks for following us...please tell others about the APEX Museum experience.
aw I hate tests. I have one too -_-
IT WAS THE GHOST. everyone said they were sleeping at that time o.o OHMYGOD.
The mall
do it big in Indy! you'll have a great time w/
Put me in the "with" column. In fact, for Twitter, growing popularity and worth-reading tweets are not friends.
Yes of course it was, I'm going to be out of the loop for a whole week now! and thanks girl, haha he's not bad :)
Happens to me all the time! RT I get way too carried away when I start editing.... had no idea it was past 10!
no big deal.. #childish is coming up
Those who do good without knowledge of God are better saints than those who do unkind things to others and profess God.
I just flow with it!!!
John shook the feds off got mo ringtone downloads dan soulja boy shit lmao
It's a side project from the diss, which is ethnographic & ab internet access, but getting REALLY into it. Can def talk more
Agree, how fun would a Caps/Yotes Stanley Cup be?
idk but I think I might want a drink lol
See she's a freak. So who cares if I spell her name right?
I'm so happy to be in a gym Imma change my FB middle name again! This time to: GLADYS!!! **Grinning**
Want to get away? Research new destinations, resorts and hotels catering to gourmet aficionados at The Gourmet Experience!
Half On A Baby
are you driving again????
hulk hogan had the hulkamaniacs
You better start busing in your out-of-state volunteers, because we're raising tons of campaign cash in NYC and DC.
yea yea yea wateva
no. hate roller skating.
first time I've heard that claim too. thirty years of public funds, apparently.
If you hate cops...the cops u need to hate are the agressive type,if u dont thats the nice cop....so u should hate the agressive cop :)
The other day u had 102 followers but now u have 100.
And then he loses Suzuki from 1 - 2 to full count to hit. Grrr...
Sounds pretty wonderful.
Wish I was counting a million every night
well quit commenting if they're mean comments mkayy(:
I wish my dog could skateboard like me XD
love that, so true, dancing in the rain rocks
WHAT'S UP PEOPLES??? :D
in paris shooting heroin and whatever with the stars.
The deeds you do may be the only sermon some persons will hear today. - Saint Francis of Assisi
#StayAwayFromMeIf your going to take advantage of now I am.
Product Review: Japonesque 's Interchangable Makeup Brushes MIRACLE PRODUCT: Japonesque snap-on makeup brushes ($4-$12) THEY SAY: Exclusi
just tried white peperment mocha! <3 I think I'm in love! Haha but really its amazing!!!!!!!!!! :-)
OMG Rangers WIN!!! GABBY!!!
The #Cavs are just lulling the rest of the #NBA into a false sense of security.
Thanks for following :). xoxo
My target on lock and my aims to steady
At least its the LA Kings and not the Sacramento Kings this time.
RT for all you NY fans !
Shout out to all the single moms that busted there butt to give us what we need to succeed ...
or rather, removed.
Bible to forgive all those trasspass against tread there feet on sacred ground
Thank u. I was looking around and saw something BBC Red Button then I realized they were talking about DIRECT TV in England #duh!
"Access to quality healthcare should be a basic human right ." - David Loud of Jim McDermott's office.
awh. That's so sweet! ❤ you need to write a book. :) I only want to be married once, also. We've been together for a year now..
Thank you for another great chat!
thank u God for never leaving me. please keep praying for me. and thank u who called me today and sent me encouraging txts. i appreciate it
What's everyone doing this weekend? Any exciting plans?
Diplo tonight ! Hmu for guest list!
I believe they are protesting corporate greed, not for-profit enterprise in general...
awh:) have a great night sleep Walter!
My stomach is growling. 😣
confused. You coming to my St Pattys party??? You better be!
Wish #android had glyph substitution. Wikipedia looks sad when all the non-Latin/non-standard Latin characters are boxes.
OMB my pic is going to be on the poster for BELIEVE AAHHHH EXCITED
WOOT! : Warming up for an audition, I just sang a high C in chest voice. For the first time ever. Also, I think I may be a tenor.
Haven't been to in a while. Thanks for a great burger!
Summer is almost here. Love your abs??? - let Pilates help you get there!
I like the French Quarter here in New Orleans. One of the best places in the US to meet, and watch, unusual people. Also, Hurricanes.
Busy but fun day One-of-a-kind bathroom remodel including sink, tile, cabinet and paint for 100 bucks. Possible? Yes.
I've been working on a lot of new raw beats
Lexington Airport food is crazy expensive.
We grindin hard as fuk and ridin on our riches
If I got my photo taken with the Boston trophies, I’d...Make it my wedding photo. Sorry to my fiancee.
Okay, #ABDCIsTomorrow and I'm going for either Mos Wanted, RNG, or 8 flavahz. Don't know who to go for D:
- thanks for your follow and your good work. Be well. Marc
finally catching up on the last 2 epis of new girl !!!!
Super-duper last minute half price tickets available for Bruschetta for tonight! Reservations required! Use promo code THP!
Coming home with packages on your bed >>
yes but the docs cant figure out what is going on.
Thanks for the link! I'll have to add it to my listening list, too!
Give you any money that its jc(;
WHAAAATTT I can't do that !!!! If I would have went there I would have dropped out ! Fuck that everyday doing that shit!!!
Word Press.com, I think..the author's tone, demenor and info are at the very least, intriguing! Enjoy..-Stronodelarosa
Thanks for the RT!
I am supremely sorry to my friends and sponsors for missing the season opener due to unforeseen circumstances.
My fave quote of last night at #innovateboston was by :"We are making a Communication Revolution & making into a verb"
Fail!!! You replied to yourself lol 😜
RT : “If you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right, you'll probably never do much of anything.”
Yea she does! RT : thx for the follow glad you made it for Friday fun! PS your wife roooooocccckkkkssss!! :-)
Cheers to the girl who grabs you two drinks at the bar of the drink you asked for
Out Da Shower Nw It's Time Ta Gt Dressed Fa Work
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 22
it was Lisa's friend not mine.
not much
Be a wound healer instead of a wound creator. Add on to someone's life rather taking away from it.
Been there. Done that.
Are you surprised??
I consider myself as a crayon, I might not be your favorite color but one day your gonna need ME to complete YOUR picture 😏
see Denns last tweet
When is your song with Blood on the dance floor coming out ?
wonferful to see you process it all, bravo! Thanks for sharing this!
If you ever need a photographer for any of your ad campaigns I would love to work with you
Happy new year friends!
Looking for good Tuesday tweetchat, any suggestions?
Does each MLB team have their own social media person, independent from MLBAM?
#AskNathanCameron When am I gonna hear the previews to your EP?
Laundry emergency!
In the world of corporate training, while users may grumble, most actually do want to learn.
Compulsive tweeter that I am (lol) I must tweet: having a great time at a "flash tweetup" at Muldoon's in #Carmel w/ & others.
Boone Logan coming into the game after Clay Rapada exited with a viral infection.
LOL! RT : They mean it literally. Google's product will actually search out your Dropbox account and delete it.
Looking for a little Friday night #kickassfiction? Tune in to #Grimm tonight at 9pm on NBC
what phone did you get?
I was being sarcastic when I said I'd meet you. I'm just saying I already know way more in the industry than you ever would
You insult me: I can handle it. You insult my best friend: I'm going to break your face.
lets get rich im out
well I would love to! I'm 100% German and was over there a few years ago but not for music. now I need to come play! :)
Knock knock..whos there? Time to work bc im LATE!
The Harry Potter series is over. >.< Now what am I going to wait for? xD
Had a dream I was at Disneyland...
Happy Birthday have a great day!! :)
Waltrip crashes....it was his fault..love the way Darrell defends him.
We're at Netroots Nation! Follow for updates. There was a gun policy happy hour earlier which was awesome.
best way to start a tuesday: over sleeping, coffee, and getting trapped in the elevator for 15 minutes.
Making caramel again! It never gets old!
i hear ya. I haven't gotten to bed before midnight since monday. But I haven't been doing anything fun.
#FirstRead: 'In One Person' by John Irving tops Maclean's #Fiction list
hdtvedu solutions 2 USA's EDU: College students work 32 hours outside home. , Foundations - spend $$ 2 make communication efficient
all of them!! Esp the pair with the bows!
Awesome!! I love Gap jeans too. Altho I've put on too much muscle that I need to buy all new jeans :-/
my ipod is officialy.. drowned. no more playing my ipod while showering.
Played 18 holes. Hungry.
Tomorrow and Saturday, stop by for a sneak peek of the #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibit, coming Feb. 2012.
With Cougar Town I drink wine. With Revenge, it's whiskey.
Sure! I'm free most mornings. Hm, wonder what has been saying about me lol.
That will be impressive for Heckert, sad for what it says about #Browns current roster though. High hopes for G. Little.
..my brother was actually eaten by wolves one winter on the connecticut turnpike..
Amis has hidden his greatest work from the world.
I used to travel with several books. Now I have my phone and ebooks. Love the convenience.
#JM2010Az If you are a CABL member, be sure and pick up and display a purple CABL ribbon!
As a Singer/Actress & her namesake, I'm READY to play Mahalia Jackson.
Boycotting the Oscars. Coding Wordpress instead.
McAllen using trick plays to try & come back. Defense comes to life with a big sack on 3rd & 12. McAllen ball @ their own 14.
Just got done watching a clip form bbw and know im glad it's coming to the light that royce is the problem cant play both sides choose on
I swear I'm hearing stuff right now & I have myself so freaked out 😳
music never sleeps!
Brush w/greatness at Jake's Deli today. Bud Selig enjoying his lunch.
I can't wait to see it! I miss seeing on tv all the time! I loved u on GND. I think u need ur own show that would b awesome!
Thanks, Tom!
Wonder where "the Donald" is watching the #WHCD from this year.
Carmie!!! Thanks for checking on me 😊
When someone you care about is having a hard time and all you want to do is go up and hug them and tell them everything will be okay.
I dislike most spam...bit twitter DM and spam pisses me off.
omgg Meeting u would make me faint and have a heart attack an die but it would be worh it hahah lol
Business Insider reports French productivity at $25.1, USA at $24.6. BUT they note 1594 hours worked then use 1453 for calc.
#vaumc11 a woman just came into ac pushing a pink stroller with two dogs in it. We Methodists are a peculiar people!
Lol ": Hey art historians. Please explain to me why in depictions of Adam and Eve, they have belly buttons? 1st man and woman?!"
nope! They instituted the "programming" as I was switching from straight medicaid to childless. I should have had it never got notice
Never "gone" tanning (but I do get tans) and never died my hair either. Great for "never have I ever" games ;)
Oh shit, I just found out Sarah McLaughlin is a real thing.
Go on asking all them. Question
Looking forward to the trivial pursuit rematch tonight... Ready ?
I don't use validation because it's slow & they want me join.. If you want to follow me back, it's up to u.
Cheesy Chicken Enchilada is on the move so get down here before it is gone!
If you exclude critique, as you suggest it is wise to do, then the 'maybe not' acquires a certain implausibility....
I need food.
between, I'm Barbara ()
Maybe she won't, uh , but shit then again maybe she will.
And go follow and !
I see niggas snitchin about what I put on IG! Man suck my Dick from a long way! Lame ass niggas.
im really not in the mood for this shit..
“: FACT: when a couple fights too much but they're not breaking up. they're really in-love. ♥”
Like a BEAST! I love the early crowd; older folks buying drinks and kids. Douchebags come after 5. You coming out?
I got 2 homes not at the one u thinking about. Broken home Nah. Home I sleep for a hr yes.
I am back my friend...for the next two weeks.
Great Game 6! Game 7 will rock! Now it's time for the new Beavis & Butthead (I know it's stupid, but they are so stupid it's funny).
Great turnout at Fan Fest. Had fun talking with everyone. Now, drop the puck already. See you at training camp.
I am excellent thank you. Just making an effort to stay in touch with the world's good people. Cheers.
lil kim look so fucking good on ustream just now copy that hoe!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Poor Wolfgang, had to visit the vet and get his rabies and heartworm shots. He's tanking now, gonna be a quiet day for him.
Follow and check out their project! Donate ATM fees to charity! www.choosechangeatm.com
I didnt think I was following you at first. lol jw :)
I say OSU beats either fairly easily if Buford doesn't choke bad. Without they are a mediocre team at best.
Getting ready to take these youth down here to the UmojaFest P.E.A.C.E. Center, for the spring cleaning party!. #WheresMyCoffee!
I hope I start to feel better
Hi! I followed back luvies! Im on a show Samantha's Life! Please if you can find please watch!
It's a beautiful Evening. Come on OUT, get a latte to warm you up. Make sure you take advantage of our 25% OFF Moving Sale.GREAT Gift Ideas!
Good, that will get you very far in life.
omfggg u dnt even know I cried when they got rid of em no lie ask and Lolololol
Phillip Edge, VP at Connally MS, named Region 20 Assistant Principal of the Year by TX Assoc of Secondary School Principals!
Fuck you got on elbow length gloves for? This ain't no ball -_-
about to do some hair therapy and maybe a foot soak
Thanks! I could say the same about your background!
John Wall is one of my all time favorite players w the CATS, but there is no way he deserves his jersey retired. Miller and Davis do.
Looks like the cardinals are having another bad LaHair day.
Good morning...time to get up, eat some dog biscuits,,take a walk and smell some doggie butts. Gives a whole new meaning to "brown nozer"!
Are you out of the boot?
haha im BORED got nothing better to do 😰
SAT word of the day: calumny (n.) an attempt to spoil someone else’s reputation by spreading lies
Lol im not entertaining foolishness
No sleep for me from now till GDC, got two games to prep x_x
Girl Make It Shake Like A 8.2 EarthQuake
it is not offensive, only the truth.. the guy you marry will not be a millionaire... he'll have to be a billionaire to support you
So bad want chocolate on this diet! I think my sugar addiction and working & designing my things went hand in hand:)
Thanks for the RT!
Did everyone from the Society of American Mosaic Artists have a great time in Lexington?
Hiya - How can I help? My email is
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself
If you like my broadcasts it will be $1 for your [PAL] membership. If you don't, send me $2. You'll get the same kind of membership. [1945]
No record will be set today at
looking into some other blog options..any suggestions on free blogs that have a lot of traffic?
thanks drake :) miss you dude
