No worries. Australia, thats sweet! Help us spread the word N hopefully we can get R asses out there for show sometime LOL
I wish You Would Hit UP Kansas City . Missouri ! Thats Where Its Hype all day . You really need to come to KC though (:
Kevin Correia is a trashcan version of Paul Martin
11 more minutes! :)
Ghostface:Welcome home Sidney. Preview of coming events. Sidney: why don't you come for me you got the balls for that???
My Big Time Superheroes will forever be , , , and I LOVE YOU GUYS! BEST BAND EVER!!
ready to tweet tweet in 3rd, with
Women and non-rock guitarists are well represented in a way that I really appreciate. But Tom Morello is
Incredible kitchens (indoor & outdoor)!
Thank you for your son!
Make sure you follow and you will see how deep the rabbit-hole goes.
Lost Kingdom: Hawaii's Last Queen...
They must of been fairly bad if you have to get rid of then.
Congrats to Bill Carmen of Hollister. Proud owner of a new 2010 Harley-davidson Street Bob. :) Vvvvrrrooooooom!
You are probably right. Tho leaving out "Is he black/white?" question before "He looks black" statement is particularly wicked.
Just got back from the gym.. Looked at color wheel did a great job A in my book..
aww shitty :( well next time for sure. Glad u liked it
Thanks to for always bringing it on the floor!
Congrats to #ChristopherPlummer who strikes a huge blow for LgbtQ people with his incredible performance!
If you're not moving forward you're being left behind.
me too
Playing at Tipitina's tonight!!! We have burlesque dancers and Easy Company opens, 10pm!!!
THE WEEKEND IS HERE TIME FOR THE SPELLCAST TOP 10 CUTS OF THE MONTH!
Some people act like it's there first day.on earth every day.....
#Heat drop 3 in a row. Looking forward to the games tomorrow and the
"The Wolf" was Frank Norris' uncompleted final work, following wheat grown in "The Octopus" and sold in "The Pit" to a European village
Thanks for #FF, here's to a fab weekend!
Good morning sunshine!!!
Were in the FINALS! _102.1 The X Presents The Studio B Concert Series Finals @ Capital Ale House 12/22/11.. BE THERE!! #RVA #RuAgYpSy?!
#HappyMothersDay to all the wonderful moms out there...
Remember! This Friday is our DRESS DOWN DAY! $3 gets you out of uniform! Please follow the guidelines listed in your handbook.
When they said that Believe tickets were going to be out in May they should have also mention that it was going to be May 2095
Travis Porter feat Tyga - "Ayy Ladies" >>>
On my way to the Pepsi Center.
Ok, finally out of my pj's. Morning of blissful nothingness over. Let productivity commence!
that sounds delicious!
Website coming soon
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who buys like 248462734 cookies at lunch every day and still manages to be skinny..
amen re Spinelli. And no more Jackal PI film noire sequences either. Does this mean you did not buy his book?
At the omni. The W was sold out when we tried to book rooms.
APAC ASSEMBLY WEEKEND 2011 IS ONLY DAYS AWAY!!! TELL YO GIRLS! TELL YO GUYS! TELL YO MITTENS AND KITTENS!
Outside is a beautiful thing. w/ and
Cool. Fun.
I hope had a Great
❒Taken ❒Single ✔ and i hope not to be for long
followed...Follow back
Very true , we realize the stakes & takes its role very seriously
keep thinkin that
Blonde...ing.
As of today the #Mets are the #2 #WildCard :)
Why be #RichForever when I can be #RichForeva ?? Fa #Eva #Eva ?? Fa #Eva #Eva !! - #MFBP ””
thank you!
i am going to do social studies homework. #hard wish me luck for a i have a bunch!
literally wanna be at school so bad, but id prob get everyone sick so its good im not!!
Thanks to you, you're very kind! (And congrats again on getting a reply to your question for tonight! :)
Why Digital Publishing Now? International Investments, timing, unmet usage, internet usage, online is essential. + More sales!!
Did,One
It's good to be back on Twitter. 8 days without being able to use Twitter is to much
people in glass houses shouldnt throw stones. They should throw stripper parties
sounds amazing
Volunteered to work at the old job at 6a. Did not think this through ahead of time.
LOVE! RT : RT : He who must engage in a constant series of vacations may have missed his vocation. :-)
Anyone else headed to 's mixer tonight (besides & )?
Lmao that's crazy
Bill's the star!
Hash hangover
Signed up for Helium and AC but never posted there yet, I hear mixed things.
": told you bout doing the robot and the Freddie Kruger at church. Lol." Felt obligated in Black History month. Lol
if its for stuff you have to do then it's okay. I'll let him know.
yeah but then you'd have nothing to wash your underwear in
I just played Frankenstein by Edgar Winter on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
Serious ? Warm up Hoffman?
So since your grasp of Nowinski is so superior, where pray tell in his work does he conclude that concussions = suicide... ?
I can dream that it becomes permanent return, right? ;D
Appreciate that ! Hope everything's going well in prep for your Soul*Full Summit!
Follow back please :) I saw u perform in Albany at the better with you tour. You were amazing :)b
Remember when FOX showed archive footage with palm trees in the background and claimed it was in Wisconsin? #oloimega ==
need sleep
Looking forward to reading the ARC of Nancy Clancy--Fancy Nancy for our growing readers. The kids will love this!
It's hot and i'm wearing cargo pants and a black long sleeve.
Staying in Rochester, but moving in with the bf who lives in the Winton neighborhood.
Square Pusher is playing the Wonder Ballroom. Fear the figure, get lost in the loop.
You are correct, but so is bad business advice. Learning to follow your gut is the key skill for entrepreneurs to develop.
updating and reading twitter through xbox? nice!
we hope you make your flight! The school number in Santiago is 3034955963 or 22334356 once you're in Chile
over here NBC sports network over here
Sorry, I've been a bit out of the loop lately, despite not having as good a reason as working your hours.
Does Coach Knight really have a twitter?
received an email from letting me know that my donations will help fund projects in ethiopia and malawi!
KU Relay Party Tomorrow Afternoon My Apt
Oh really? That's how you feel?
Kobe the best player 30+ but D.Wade is the best in the league.
snappin' necks, cashin' checks. you know, the usual. you good?
this is the best twitter account.
Good point that it's limited by industry. Odious practice. You'd think talent acquisition folks would have more imp. things to do.
thats what best friends are for :)
i must be excited, i woke up this morning, hearing that song Carol King was famous for "Anticipation" .... 6 days till Christmas Yikkes!!
Rejection keeps me working. harder.
hahah and to think I was going to marry him. No thanks dude
haha your butt
hi, i would be really happy if you like saw this and followed me. <3 :)
Need to get my spanish up
saw the family dollar marvel figures at a dollar general last night.
Just ate a late dinner of green beans and white rice. Off to bed now. Peace I'm put of here!
is that the tear face? Is it the girls?
JB aka is coming?! That is cause for celebration! It's Micah's b-day on Friday though...maybe Saturday?
Care about the Constitution? I published a constitutional law journal article on Congress’ role to protect religious liberty.
Some people be worried about the wrong thing; be having their priorities mixed up!!! Smh Time waits for no one!!!
#imadeleter for sure
Somehow I've ended up writing a mystery. I don't write mysteries. How did this happen?
were not following each other
Trouble sleeping at night? Begin tying up loose ends in your mind. Having an estate plan set in place can help create more peace and order
oh god, imaaa get a ton of shit for what I just did, ohgeeeze
THANK GOD ERROR NUNEZ GOT SENT DOWN TO A!! Hopefully this will get his head out of his ass & comes back better
Feeling bored
I think you have been that guys the definition of "goon to a goblin"
New CD "Shells... and the Day I Found Them" Now Up on iTunes. Free Downloads on Facebook! Remember to "Like" us on Facebook and iTunes. <3
SARCASM Cus beating the shit out of people is illegal.
Did you miss your chance to audition for American Idol? We may just have an alternative for you this fall...more info soon :)
Finally caught up on #TheVoice. I enjoyed Kim, Mathai, Tony Vincent, Pip, Juliet, and Jamar.
Loved seeing Get Low last night especially with Robert Duvall there doing a Q&A afterward. A great film and an amazing actor!
absolutely!! thank who was the producer that chose that story!! :)
Send me sum beats cuzo??? i need sum heat for dc terrorizer GOON MOLLY
Gotta talk to you homegirl. You gotta get your boy a job
Every time. I listen 2 I remember hip hop. This Mofo real
lol I was going to!!
i would like to introduce you to Ruff n Smooth the swagger boys check youtube.com Ruff n Smooth-swagger.
Thank you to , and the sponsors for lunch. Also, thank you to for putting up with me.
Marion just got t'd thanks to the TIM DUNCAN rule
Klesla just put a monster hit on the boards.
It starts with the parents.
It's been a long few weeks for the twentysomething Indy team. Sorry we've been absent lately!
The low in New Orleans next week will be hotter than the high has been here this "summer" This should be "fun"
lmao , love my nigga for we haven't been around eachother for a whole day since last summer (n) I missed you kidd
Thanks for sharing!!! Hope you have a great day!
enjoyed your piece(s) on crowdfunding! very informative+insightful. btw: do u have an ETA on styl.caps availability?
you're so cool because you "dgaf" and you're a bitch to everyone mhm
Galleries are selling across the continent. Are you buying? Support your favorite artist today.
Dream date with Bucky? I'd challenge him to some sort of fun olympiad: footrace, handstand contest, dance-off, sumo wrestlin, etc
Time for session number 3. All about social signon
What better way to increase health care costs & Fatal accidents then a "No Helmet" law. typical GOP
Kinda wish I would of went to tonights game but last nights game was pretty fun..
Agreed. Totally. RT she's amazing. I loved loved loved Tiny Furniture ( )
It's 7PM on a Sunday. By which I mean I'm watching Planet Earth and drinking tea.
Being called ugly, by someone ugly >>>> LMFAO. Bitch, get real.
Well goodnight y'all.
If you haven't yet seen the new Best of Step by Step Wire Jewelry, check it out! On newsstands now! It's full of BEAUTIFUL projects.
whatever makes you feel bigger...
What night are you trying to come out? We are doing a big party this Sunday for Presidents day at Dirty Bar!
with adobe CS, I use Photoshop, acrobat pro, in design or illustrator almost everyday. And that's only half the package.
Hey, you watching?
would that be the case for most Americans. Upstanding public image but dirty laundry in the closet.
the industrialization of the wine business in many of the big growing regions, where fruit, and wood, and crush become commodities . . .
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly I think yo daddy pulled out too soon when he made you
Being nauseous and light headed all day thanks to the smell of my co-workers lotion is worse than pregnancy MS sickness.
“: I haven't showered in 2 days... maybe I should take one today... nah : )” 💩✊
RT : Communicate like a human, people.
The answer is -11. Why does everyone keep posting that equation today?
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!👉
God, I love you! You tell em!
#Iwannameet my Favourite boy ♥♥ He'd love me , I swear ;) !! ♥ :D
Yo ass could of tweeted me
We focus too much on differences in our culture instead of highlighting what we have in common as human beings.
sentimental tweet? uncalled for we still have a couple more weeks
What's an adult book? I haven't picked up one of those in years!
Yes i am finally on twitter! also congrats to for making it on espn page 2! So whats Your Next Goal? Espn 8: The Ocho?
Lafayette bound.
#thatmomentwhen you know you're going to sigh, but you do it anyway
": Ohhmygoodnesss comes in two days #exited :)" CANNOT WAIT TO SEE MY GIRL :)
Thank you for the RT and also for looking absolutely FAB in our dress! We'd definitely love another round :)
PLEASE FOLLOW ME(:
Just had to get out of the car and stand for the star spangled banner at the movies. #totowe'renotinCanadaanymore
This weekend is about to be epic
DO EET. Awesome read. Astounding story.
RT One day, one thought, one feeling and one purpose and if action is taken you will change the world!!
had some weird dream about you !!!
thank you(: yep you will
Please stop all that whining. U r starting to sound like a lil bitch!
I MISS YOU!
No, just loving mom :)
i have to go to my dr appointment holla at you later and i will send you the youtube link for precise music video "it's on me"
Sorry cam newton along with ur ego you are NOT sexy at any age
nice! I'm sure you'll be hot
Waking up to see that everything is okay. The first time in my life and it's so great.
So ready for tomorrow.
interesting. Tx!
Wondering why #MFGlobal not compared with #Bear. Two canaries in a gold mine. Volatility around Greece shaking weak players; will kill later
My daughter's dad made me a mix 100 years ago... I love how it has Paul Simon's "50 Ways to Leave Your Lover" on it :)
ohh and that good
Ima be your one guy; you'll be my number one girl, always making time for you... Girl I love, girl I love you.
Screw it I'm going on the roof!
Katie, is it for professional athletes only? Are you in it? Hope all is well with you.
Our website is down right now due to spammers...be up and running soon.
gotta love "vintaging"
#30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile send her flowers
First student has arrived. Just 23 more. I've had several calls of delayed flights so it might turn into a longer day than planned.
Shawn of the dead is one of my fav zombie movies
you bein serious?
Who needs friends with all the haters i have? Keeps me motivated ;)
RT : If u support Gay Marriage you have no MORALS WHAT SO EVER..... <<<<that's kinda harsh
I'm Happy , Positive , && Blessed Is Because Of God ! && That Fact I Never Stress OR Worry About Things I Have NO CONTROL OVER
#NABShow Takeaway (3/3) I am astounded by the ingenuity of my peers, NAB can be humbling. I need an iPad. There is more but I am hungry.
seriously made me LOL
RAW Dream Team member Nick Delpopolo will be fighting for his spot on the US Olympic Team this Sat! RT to show your support!!
The new Auto Insurance guy looks like a drifter who would have hacked to pieces in the trunk of his car.
Woke up hungry.
hahaha it was so awesome..
It used to be two but word processors now leave enough room that you only need one. I just found that out a few months ago.
They skipped etta james in the video?!
Thank you as well. My flight on #KLM was great. :) Not so much on other airlines last week.
exactly what I do!! But I still failed 2 classes and got fired because I can't wake up lol
I hate overtime so much...
what is a CL sale?!
I miss the Meatball Shop so much
Liverpool make it 2-1 Manchester City, courtesy of a ridiculous penalty decision .
It's Friday night! Bet you've got pub crawling on your mind ;)
The more experience we get the more we want what we pushing for!
Fck it we out!!
Just arrived in St. Louis....60's and sunshine! Going to bra nice long weekend with family!
We just released 4 new Rulesets on the platform to better help our customers become masters of social content curation!
: much to love in #Porgy! I value Sondheim's impassioned support of the great masterwork of American music theatre.
it's not my intention to become rich in this world but to inspire, influence, create an eternal imprint on lost souls thru fine art & media
some of the best writers out there have gotten a push here an there. It only helps them grow!
freeze your mind and your ass will follow.
Thank you! One day, when I'm traveling back and forth between the coasts, working like mad...I WILL!
Are. You. Kidding. Me.
Who is going to be here for Memorial Day Weekend?
Have a Fabulous Friday! Thanks for the mention!
Just checked the Roku and it
If twitter isn't a drug then someone please explain to me why I sneak into the bathroom at work to use it
What do you call a man who cleans out toilets ?Lou !
no problem. gotta support local beer!
You flirting w everybody... i peeped 😒
Overdosing on vitamin C.
Anyone wanna help out a race car team? Looking for sponsor partners for Rally America: Oregon Trail Rally,
RIP Elizabeth Taylor
Stop that. RT Almost Monday, just gotta get through this weekend and we can get back to work!
Those times when ur sister singing and u wanna yell stfu u suck lln
Now that I'm over you, you decide to like me again? Sorry babe, but it doesn't work that way.
not in my household it's not.
what's the best gift you've gotten?
Little Dragon station just 'gets me' this morning
Twitter is all the rage on the internet, but it's not just a cool toy
I didn't want him to die, I think he would have been a great FRIEND, friend not lover, I think it was crucial for him to die.
Last 2 of 5 photography jobs were from Silicon Valley siliconvalley
chicks that hate other chicks cuz they hoes... well I never ! if he like a hoe I clearly don't wanna fk wit him #eazy !
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works. - Steve Jobs
So how many Kardashian sex tapes is this now?
A hearty congratulations to Steve "Saz" Sazama for being named Southern Wisconsin Restaurant Association's Restauranteur of the year!
Lets hope the news out of San Diego isnt true. Too many shootings. Another NFLer dies by gun???
We will be raffling off three PSU slyder football game day additions during blue and white weekend. Stop by & sign up
Coming out to to get an autograph from #Penguin, ? Stop by C&B after and check out our new outdoor furniture!
RT : RT : you know how good the record is going to be when their press release is even awesome
In that strange part of the day where there's only just enough time left to waste.
Lucky :D what happened??
: That's what I've been waiting for.
Gassing up Barbara's Honda budgie at the UDF.
I've had a few of your varieties and I'm amazed how distinct each type of coffee bean is. It's like wine tasting! Delish
Ann Arbor I am in you!!
Grape soda is so difficult to come by in Scotland. And it costs $1.50 a can. Definitely worth it though.
join me + get a $10 credit. connect to inspiring people, #vegans, andrew zimmern, etc #bizarrefoods click here:...
Good to see you, Barry Sanders.
Love this! If you know anyone looking to be inspired into book publishing, we're looking for an intern. (But no naps allowed.)
1000 ways to die
Believes needs to help us start a group called the Backbeard Boys!
thank you for following us .
I do it in my head first.
RT Use, do not abuse; nether abstinence nor excess ever renders man happy.
I hate that!
Tnks! Can't wait 2 ck out . Sounds amazing! Love 2 cycle!!
We are giving away 10 rings but the contest doesn't end til Oct 31st!
have a great time in London. Praying God's goodness over you tonight! Blessings!
unless yr Rick Santorum - then you've turned the clock back to the 14th century
for employee or company?
don't say such things!! What's goin on??
I'm scene not emo
$2 Tapas and DOUBLE #BELLY POINTS? Why aren't you for happy hour right now?!
Ok cool man
don't forget that we have the best player in this serious! CP3 leading us! They got no real leader.
One more hr of fundraising. Join us w/your pledge @ 800-499-9246 or online It's Match Day! Your pledge will count twice as much.
I get what you're saying financially but he had a choice to stay and serve suspension. It's called accountability.
#emorydisc Price: autism-friendly conferences let attendees sit, stand, lie down as they need. Hand-waving preferred to clapping.
He's going. To much going on for him, Good thing I got to see him last night. <3
SERIOUSLY!!!??? So excited. Luna Bars here I come! :) Hope you are well!
Wonder if we'll find out he sold a bunch of shares right before the op-ed was published!
Twitter just got interesting
7am dance team practice?
Getting into a religious discussion in my english class.
I almost tweeted about my hatred towards you but then I decided not to be a mean girl.. Because I'm not one. Don't take pride in being mean.
Crawford did participate in today's shoot-around.
Will do! Stay tuned.
Substitute Teacher: "Does ur normal teacher let u do tht" Students: "YES"
Go down the Breaking Bad road!
Wow... Talk about pressure, I have one fucking shot at NYSSMA, there's no next year for me...
Either gonna be freaking excited or morbidly depressed all by one goal...
S/o for all the promo
i'm pretty sure there isnt late start
#stratconf Does one of the speakers have his laptop audio turned on because there's a terrible echo.
Might get my Monroee pierced soon :) haha
it's kinda fucked up how we're born just to die.
Catch the 9pm Indie Team Harold Night at PHIT this evening for just $5 with the password: "We named the dog Indiana!"
Wanna wish my mom n my aunt a happy birthday.love u all
Oh, it's Nice to hear you lived here!
if your referring to me, hell yea I want it
Now would be the perfect time for a hot guy to pop out of a bush and ask me to marry him #ReadyWhenYouAre 
Attorneys: Do you know where your REFERRALS are coming?
You can do eet. :)
Have a safe and HOPPY New Year Lee
Up early working on a long overdue painting.. Yep feelin artsy!!!!
Confession: The hope of leaving this place and starting new are the only things keeping me alive.
that tis the mission! ;D
what r they digging?
Is that why my recent package came back U.T.F?
I hope if nba is locked out, I hope stern makes sure that the nonsense that #6 pulled never happens again
Thanks for the birthday shout! Just came back from a conference and saw it.
Tomorrow is going to be epic for me and
I'm alllmooost done with this semester
Scrambled eggs and bacon? or just oatmeal for breakfast???
Ben Rudnick kicks off a beautiful day in the Good Kids tent at the #LIGFest. Come on down for a great day!
Just tapped PORT BREWING HOP-15 Imperial IPA!!!
Today may be the day you've been waiting for.
#Hoboken #NJ bound! Have to go where work is!
Victor Cruz's ACTING CLASS this Tuesday at Pearl Studios 500 8th Avenue (between 35th and 36th streets) 4th Floor, NYC. Class is $20.
hell yeah!
See that? Who's hands is the ball in? Kobe's. No questions asked
I listen to you show every day while taking my son to school.... So funny, I love you guys!!
ITS COOL I MADE FRIENDS WITH THE TEES ONES MANE KAYL AN THE OTHERS NAMES JOHN LMAO
God did his thing praise Christ!!!!!!!
Our May 12th show in Wichita is cancelled, bo! But on the plus side, we're working on other dates in April and May here in OKC. Yay!!!
HEW members, don't forget to Vote today - its your right, so please use it! Julio Maldonado
Charismatic Canada Geese gathering in parking lot of Calvary Baptist in South Bend. Obviously they are Northern Baptists.
I shall give him a listen then. any particular song?
Too true... RT It is at first upsetting but then strangely calming, that moment when you realize that you really are an idiot.
However lots of ways there might be of being alive, it's certain that there're widely more techniques of being dead, or instead not alive.
"Leave a message after the beep. When finished, hang up, or press #hashtag for more options."
Hi Austin!! (; how wuz ur day??? also whts ur fav part of church for u??
Ugh almost the weekend..
This is absolutely unbelievable bullshit. The owner was worried for the safety of her and his other patrons. What a dick, she seemed sweet.
collegehumor killed me Get Amir and Jake at on of your concerts to perfom with you Well actually not jake Just amir
A2: Many companies (like government) have auto replies when position was filled. Kind of nice to have the closure.
Hard to find better company than the crew, thanks!
Also, really hope I put the motor oil down the right hole. Jesus.
we had an accident the day before, so she wanted to be prepared.
Is it bad that I'm going to obnoxiously vote for Jessica Sanchez because I know how much loves her?
life is great.... the only thing I'm missing is sleep.
Yo casey holla at your brother my 21st bday coming up and im in new york i wanna meet him before he plays the jets!
Congrats to Robert Brennan, who will represent the at the annual IFA- symposium in April!
On WomenTransformation Movement Call with Dawnna St Louis and other powerful women. Dial in number 712-432-3100 conf ID 471980. Join now.
are you posted up in the bathroom yet? :)
you can re-enter if you're 21+. if not, no
Big day for #GreenBay #Packers fans! The #NFL will release its full 2012 schedule tonight at 7pm (ET), 4pm (PT). #GoPackGo!
I'll get the MD liquor lobby pays well!
good to see you yesterday!
nah bro WE gone make it
indiana's weather is so bipolar. we had 80 degrees weather in the winter & like 40s-60s in the spring :(
Same reason different day...cant believe i almost went against my moms words for u
I want a Skee-Lo hologram to perform at my birthday.... Oh I can afford the real thing??
Just realized i didnt even eat dinner yet. Lol, oh well yolo.
I also got a tour of the ITU Grand Final course in Auckland--it's going to be awesome!
Happy Mothers Day!!
I have volleyball tryouts today, wish me luck?<3
born of osiris?
I def didn't think it through... Geez
Wouldn't miss it for all the teacups in Dresden.
my night is consisting of homework. \m/
Yee with the new licensed driver
the non-tour stuff is usually on anvil, which is pretty industry-standard. :>)
DMB movie night FINALLY in action. who knew: all it took to find out a movie is on On Demand was driving around for 2 hrs searching for it.
About to make some music in NYC. I love this city.
U.S. soldier accused of killing #Afghans: from Ft Lewis, assigned to remote special ops site in Afg, working with Green Berets or Navy SEALS
Georgetown City Council member Brad Penn confirms Greg Reeves has been relieved of his duty as chief of police by Mayor Everette Varney.
Biron's thoughts on Orpik's hit: I saw it the whole way & 2b honest with you it crossed my mind to just go all the way down because it was..
verizon "welcome center" is not the right place to lodge a complaint, transferred again... (fourth time) ! This is out of control.
Great Pilates class yesterday! Good workout!
#WordsINeedToHear Paul Macca: "I'M GOING BACK TO BOLOGNA SOON"
hiding. aha
Our Individual Computer Class starts at 10am. Join our computer experts and get the computer training you need, on the subject you want!
The Deep Blue Organ Trio is back in the studio!
#ItsAmazingHow some people just come into your life so fast, and they change it forever.♥
In Franco class he tripping if he think I am bout to do this whole packet
Infinity to 1!!!!
you don't deserve any hate. i mean, you give so much support to cody!!!!! you are a really dedicated angel. :) <3
Today california governor Jerry Brown signed a new law giving financial aid to illegal immigrants for college. Are you f-ing serious?! Brow…
I pushed "airplane mode" on my phone and no peanuts nor ice cream appeared.
My job would be a hell of a lot easier if I didn't have to follow up with people 57 times for things.
hey Jory king how r u
TED seriously looks hilarious
Do all these sportswriters reporting "Wakefield to announce retirement" realize they are actually announcing his retirement for him?
Dudes that subtweets that's that shit I don't like
Another stellar event tonight! I always leave with something valuable, whether it's a new potential client or useful info.
Shallow Grave Satanic Symphony Live Tonight At The Ultra Lounge 2169 N Milwaukee Ave Chicago
Off to sleep. Goodnight.
yes!!!!! I was looking for that this morning!!!
Merry Christmas & Happy New Year to the Entire Tweet Nation!
You think the ni**as you with is with you?
When we stop chasing security, faith catches up to us and all is well.
Ever open your mouth and spend the rest of the day wishing you hadn't? Yeah... Why does that feeling persist?
Just saw the Creation Records documentary. So many great bands. Much was made of label's crazy debauchery. Felt normal to me!
How will you spread joy today?
Pretty amazing. My friend's iPad App, Paper, is the Number ONE free app at the Apple App store. He's an artistic genius from Bethel
Note to self: Never order the salmon burger. Stick with the crab cakes or reg burger.
Dette Glashauer is a performance artist coming to Atlanta. Solo show enthusiasts and folks who dig cool work, be forewarned! 12/8-18th.
how do u chang a name on here??
Need to rub my eyes, a run! In the first!
RT RT : For what it's worth, I'm sorry. And at the end I swear, I'm trying.
word, now I can call ppl lol
A demain a Old Town! French Meetup at 7h30!
Okay time to go for now
good to know! I couldn't imagine sitting through multiple takes in the boardroom. Once with all that drama is plenty! ;)
Wrapping it up for today. Another successful day editing and creating...almost time to share with the public. Briefcase, coming soon!
DC food truck inspection complete. passed with flying colors!
Too. Much. Shots.
both & will present "Web Accessibility in Large Organization's" on June 21. bit.ly/jpExM2
Fucking customer keeps calling & asking for a quote even though I keep telling him I'm not an inspirational mother fucker
Out of school already #districts 😊👟
Need more gift ideas? Gift your favorite Grove Wine (on-line or in-store), maybe you'll get lucky and they will open it with you :)
You have officially brought the ruckus re: "Girls." ♥
That exciting moment when you find your own work photo-documented by someone else!
Molly jensons music is eAsygoing fun sincere and an excellent listen with a lil punch... highly highly recommend
Just realized I look like a walking JCrew ad today.
...the best medicine, eh? Have a great day!
You are amazing Brady! and you and Jarrett are the hottest couple ever ;) -Maddy
Thanks M! Anytime
When hurting deepens? Needs to pull yourself out of the situation and recalculate and weigh whats best for you :)
leave it hol up
Never in a million years did I ever expect to be writing and tweeting about a Jeffrey Dahmer Groupon today.
RIP Levon Helm, the man who sang my favorite song.
I dunno if new york is degrading my language skills or if the sandwich i am having is just that good but i just said "this amazing."
Where did all my content go? oh yeah, i'm on the dev site. Whew.
The waiting game begins I have to stay on holy grounds for 55 mins
hey John it's Johnathan we met last night!
Woman told shes too big to fly www.tncnews.com
Its a mental for Joel..
Jaycee peed on my pops...
Whips and chains are my thing!
up late just thinking
Stormie's Grandpa opens the door & she threw the cigarette at me & it landed on my lap! Lmfao!
RT : RT Damn that's dick, no wonder girls hate guys, what she had on her phone is her own private pictures
Staying Up For A While..
We've got a rocking spot at 20th and Alberta on the south side of the street. Stoked for !
i need to be honest with myself and stop buying fresh artichokes
Really nice acting job is done by Stanley Tucci as the timeless (soon to become a Meme) Caesar Flickerman!
It was in fact the day before yesterday. LMMFAO
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.29
The yarns Obama works into his speeches are always abt such boring ppl. Why not tell stories abt guys who like to eat money and fire people?
Broke my glasses, tore my contacts. FML.
I've actually never had one :) Think I've been missing out. But I ran into a mailbox once.
still on a mission to find fat Syd!
its now or never. We at home too...
Has anyone visited google.com? the logo is a guitar and you can play it.
New! Wild Boar Bratwurst. Delicioso!
True. Although I get way more out of dinner with my husband than I get out of him watching sports center. :)
She may not look like much kid, but she'll make .5 past lightspeed...
I Followed me Math teacher on Twitter... :D
I know man. Why would you want to do it knowing it will kill you
ayy man its good! keep up the work
this way since 18 
Congrats! Those cookies are deeeeeeeeelish!
Need a #QualityDJ to host your next mixtape or event? Use who and use ==> <<== he is #TheBest!!!!!!
Hurt my fingers, destroys my #starcraft apm.
I know you have a girlfriend, but i still appreciate a public boob check.
Don't waste time being unhappy, everything happens for a reason. So just smile and be thankful for everything you have in your life..
happy Easter <3's!!! Hope ur day is full of happiness & joy!xoxo Moni
Thanks for the retweet!
PickUpLine: Do you know what'd look good on you? Me.
Likewise. I better see some space matter falling or else I'm gonna riot. Hard.
Sounds like Alexander's been doing the business a little bit?
Pretty excited for my first sunday tomorrow!
Via , Geena Davis: 'The more hours of TV a girl watches, the fewer options she thinks she has in life.' Makes sense.
good morning beautiful people!
So happy to relieve the series finale of six feet under can't wait for all the possibilities with that cord!!!
I think CLT is the new ATL.....
Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank. Give a man a bank and he can rob the world. via
I kinda wanna save this chick on the train from a bad date.
Over 50% of USA has cell phone only and most new landlines are VOIP so #Texas shuts out quite a few family members from #TDCJ prisoners
#Things2ChainzWouldSay I'm riding on empty, my J's are really filthy good thing I am riding around wit my bros J's HAND ME DOWN
RT : RT : RT : "If you want to fly, you have to give up the things that weigh you down"
- Sounds like a great day; enjoy!
Thinking of titling the New Album Ranch Hands! Who wants stock?
Everytime I hear Make Me Proud I feel like I should be eating sliced peaches with my legs crossed in a nail salon
Man, this #Cardinals team is playing they won the World Series last year or something...
I'm at the Creating Multimedia Technology in an Ever-Changing Museum Environment room 205CD
best retweet ever
Dear 4pm M34 commuters: you are all crazy. Yelling and pushing at the ticket machine, and you don't even get on the bus? One word: Xanax.
george lopez.. i seen him out on fri
Finally going on a trip abroad! Expect details soon.
lol they was doing that shit on the dictator got they ass booked lbs
Very ironic that #NFLPA and players are fighting so hard against bounties same week as Seau's suicide due to concussions/depression
Text me :) ask the number
RT In order to realize the worth of the anchor, we need to feel the stress of the storm. #Quote Corrie ten Boom
Greatest artists need people like you! Thanks for supporting independent music!
Good discussion today! we're learning more & more about graphic novels & collaboration.
Demoed to Big Blue the and Integration today. What a sales and marketing powerhouse.
Girls have unique powers: they get wet without water, bleed without injury and make boneless things hard.
He's a great guy too! (And the only reason I watched Legion)
I hate Mondays SO much.
A mom had to call the Office of Civil Rights on a school in Gloucester, VA b/c they denied her child...
My step-daughter took pics RT One thing before I go tuck in... I let my kids shave my head. They LOVED it. Totally bizarre
Can't I just stay in bed for the rest of the school year its only like 3 weeks.
"this just proves there's someone better" <3333
Never been high up on Rondo. Love the team, don't love him
Bout 2 take a lil nap.can't wait 4 raw on Monday
#askshane Have you ever hated one of your brothers girlfriends?
How much does 's player suspensions hurt the ? Anthony Hargrove gets 8 games. Mike Neal is also gone for 4 games.
Grow your hair back! It was so freakin sexy(;
Me Too RT : RT : I like girls that like girls
I bet you wont fall asleep on Sunday on the back nine
almost home! Ready to see some gold star action??
FIIINALLYYYY......THE #ROCK HAS CUM BACK TO MIAMI!!!!
have to dbl check on lw.. but yes maybe 1 loss. having a 'you know who' free weekend - exhausted now talking EW
i wish some things never happened
Time for the #bachelor. Ben, there is still time to send Courtney home!!!
people who are amused by little late things
should have started That tweet off with SPOILER ALERT...JEEEZZZZZZZ
If I get a degree in biology I feel I'd be forced to wear a pin at my job that says "ask me about the reproductive strategies of an oyster."
I agree, they have to take control of their own mind because it's much bigger than them.
My worst fears for her when diagnosis occurred. Tough RT : questions about Pat's health isn't fun ... but how do you not ask?
nothing happened. it's just that my mom lives far away , and I never really get to see her 
depressed by the thought of dropping off charles at the groomers in the a.m.-i can't sleep
All HCPL branches will be closed Friday, April 6. Stock up on books, videos, etc now!
Friday Pizza Party day!
HAPPY 32nd BIRTHDAY TO........WARREN WOLF!!!! I'm happy to see another year of my life take shape & form. Now where's the yellow cake?
where can i get a matching suit?
I think about that every time I sit in traffic. or maybe getting a motorcycle... might be a bit dangerous... ;-) thnx 4 the video
Has mls listings coming out her ears!!!
We all've seen penises we didn't want to"
Friday night and going to Toy Story 3D, yeah I'm still cool.
On my way home. Be over in a few.
Gah!!! This is frustrating… just realizing that some of my contacts just disappeared between my old and new phone… >_<
Does anyone know of any interesting underground events happening in NYC this weekend?
I haven't gone to sleep yet... so yeah still awake xD
I met your friend Carli Beall last night.
A cockroach can live for an average of several weeks with it's head cut off
#Obama knows that if you can get the gays on your side you have more $ for your campaign.
what's up?
Thanks to everyone who came to our first ever Trunk Sale on Saturday, and thanks to for the great entertainment!
I'm writing you guys a letter, Tom said I could :) haha
in fact I requested a chemical peel & they refused to give me one, they said only herbal 🍃🍂
I would have too. If that happened to me I would have avoided salad for months.
The most awesome feeling, when boys ask my friends and the ugly me if we want to dance with them
It's on Dah News
So, as I understand it, if u take enuff swigs, u feel u have more swag.? Is that right? And too much swagger = moves like Jagger?
Good morning twitter feeling to good today ya love ya!!!!!!
lol y you say that
Megan Newquist is on our 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS morning show. Welcome Megan!
I would love to, but I'm stuck here in NYC for a while. Some time in the future!
Funny Homeless Sign: Why live in a $100k home when I can live under a three million dollar bridge?
Corporate & Private Events ★ Bar/Bat Mitzvahs ★ Event Coordination ★ Event Management ★ Guerilla Marketing ★ Consulting
lol o lord....call u the drink special girl
Congrats to basketball on win and first trip to the Final Four since 1989!
A free $150 mall gift card? Apply for #ProjectStyle & Shop, Style... Win! RT
Right now life is pretty much party hard and make it happen. Thanks team for being so awesome!!
Hotel-as-office is never a good look. Just one step above Starbucks.
Great news! A great instructor from New York is joining us in May for a special 2-day workshop! Register now to train with Seth Barrish!
When your friends help you in a bad situation.. Their just your so called prince saving you from your step sisters (problems)
"Communication for development" must be a two way inclusive space with multiple methods employed (via Cicilia from )
preparing to record my new CD next month. It's been 4 1/2 years!!! This one is worth the wait, my friends.
oh the irony
Been doing lots of Halloween crafts and baking with Alex, carving our second pumpkin tonight!
I don't know ANY circle where "put him to sleep" means kill some1. In my circles it's always meant knock him out.
My article on Hypnosis and Acting a well kept secret, came out in www.thetolucantimes.com this week. I am starting new class this Tuesday.
Sarah's image just in. Adam's and qi's not too long away now
Band excursion to the beach today! If you guess right maybe you'll spot us!
Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow
Day 2 of using & actually really liking it! Props to a great #kloutperk !
Carrying a typewriter weighing 50kilos from the depths of Brooklyn all the way home at 8.30 in the morning in the rain
you are so funny.
good film. for some reason when I am craving in n out I think of the scene where swayze is trying to get a burger in Calcutta.
Best deals on food & wine
David who? If old costar they still r
lol @ last statement
#MelGibsonSays a little prayer and either God or the Devil fixes it.
Wanted to wish Carson Racing's very own - Tonya Goodbrand, a very Happy Birthday today!!! Stop by her profile and say Hi!!
Wednesday morning and the bakery smells so delicious already!!!! Pass by to see us and have a sweet cake sample!! It is a beautiful day!
I just tried to type 'party' and it autocorrected to 'orgy'. THAT WAS A CLOSE ONE
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy New Year!!!!
Just saw the commercial at the theatre, and it's brilliant! I love a good ad
Hey guys it's Amanda! I'm on tweet limit on my other account.
Thank you for the RT! :-)
I want you on my iPod right now too! ;)
congrats on your new marketing degree...
still watching lil wayne takeover and if you want to no what song it is how 2 love
And my gin count as of Fri night was 14. Give me a ride Travis, & I'll bring you a few bottles for experimenting.
lol Oh. My fault. I gotta new #
Kwame Alexander = genius, powerful! Virginia book festival
Relieved. (But yes, bittersweet, too.)
why do you drink decaf instead of the good stuff?
ouch my feet hurt :(
thank you! Stay in touch with us! :)
You Were Soo Cute ON Good Day Ny Te Amoo
That's what I like to hear, I mean, I don't know any car that possesses a flower vase, but that's impressive. #StartAGarden? :P
hm... a lovely snow storm began this date in '96.
lol we jokin of course we goin n imma look forward to the cake lol come over
Anyone did the Info Conference Call? I didn't get a chance to call in. Anything important I missed?
T'was a nice piece, huh? They are a tough breed to locate though. Hope all's well.
Why pass #crop circle nonsense along?
Thanks for the support in Oklahoma Kelli! We really appreciate it. Shine responsibly!
Enjoy the show!!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT WANTS YOU!
I had a great recital on Sunday and am proud of my students.
when you're talking to someone and they answer each 5 minute...
This weekend is going by way too fast.
i think it's getting *colder* in 204
RSVP #SXSW please and than you!
no worries. hope it is good. i have a bad feeling.
will do. Stay tuned to this page.
Drawing is a form of meditation. Take 10 minutes to meditate in the morning and watch how magical things happen in your life during the day.
... and then to turn them it into book ends
oh yea the one I Roosevelt? Yea I been tucked lol
ok I'll give you a back massage
Happy Birthday to my sister Marlena Strong! The greatest sister one could ever ask for.:))
Who is ready to party like a rock star tonight at Room 101? Doors open at 9 Tickets to One Direction concert!
Fight the pain, drift away lifes a game but a bitch dont play fare stay there rockin this shit since the days of daycare
You lame for that avi, now hop off
Keyra is a girl that I made up a rumor about her dating Austin. I regret that and im sorry.
Did you know that computer need a tune up every 6 months just like cars do. A film of dust can clog the vents, and damage the fans. As a...
“: send her a cute goodnight text while she's sleeping so she wakes up with a smile on her face.” I Want That ^-^ ❤
Taking my 103 year old great aunt out to lunch! :)
RT Up too early, #sleepy .... I feel you if don't nobody in the world feel you I do lol...
That's an interesting distinction. Would be educational to know the motivations for both.
I got married here :) My parents live down the road.
Quote of the Day Now Hiring Summer Help.....Nights & Weekends,....Stop in for an application
I bet the gringos loved this: "Mariachi Band Covering The Wall by Pink Floyd" bit.ly/oUSHqg
Yea but we never have reunions and all my family is on fb. So twitter, fb, g+ and path
Prague Fatale by P. kerr-- WWII hist mystery series, good! Like Ariana Franklin's Mistress of the Art of Death series too
Happy Birthday momma. I love and miss you.
that'll be perfect for the
As are we MT : Amber, super bummed about you having to withdrawl - hope all is well soon!
I have said bro so many times today though
From a friend - Instead of debate why not a Dancing with the Stars dance off? Cain & Newt can harass female partners. Fun for all
Everytime i see a GI Joe i yell COBRA!!
Need a 10 dollar giftcode ?? here you go: 5H319UO8830UV5V Only a onetime usage! KARMALOOPPPPPPPPP
I dont know. We'll have to pay for this sooner or later. We've got some early flowers coming up already. saving $ tho
Aren't all generalizations false?
makes sense
You do? Well if you want I could teach you spanish! Defend yoself from putas.
yes, you are! Do you any stretch marks? & illbe rite besides rivers moms house. So ill just walk over? You staying there?
Found my phone in the hood of taylors car? Haha
Why am I like thiiiss? I need someone to talk to..
The #Knicks def have a better chance of winning a fight than a game and they prob don't mind risking injury
that's an awesome n TRUE statement
alright - enough fun. come back to the homeland already...i miss you too much
that's good. How's life
thank you darling daughter. It's wonderful to be your father! Love you!
*friendly hug* to make u warm...lol
Rise and shine
Any recommendations for a Dentist in KC?
because we're the only interesting people :P
It would appear one of the better streets in my neighborhood is getting overlay. And that's it. hhmm...
Raindrops on roses and the girls in white dresses, and sleeping with the roaches.
I'm in rhody til Monday. Dinner in Brooklyn next week.
It's been a while since I've had a chocolate covered pretzel that wasn't a shot. Thanks reminding me I love them:)
i am taking matters into my own hands for once. #timetobeassmallasiusedtobe <3
Tough Monday in ...
Okay:) Beautiful area to live! TY
Thats great, hope you have a good time.
Fingers crossed.
what is iRadar?
Florida is full of lunatics!
Happy holidays! (Updates to resume tomorrow.)
The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose. Cowper, William
What a night. Still low to mid-70s right now. Ah...
Learn how to draw manga characters from three perspectives! This is a one time class for teens only at Green Valley Lib tomorrow at 4:30 pm.
Hello lovers! Relax after school.. Going shopping with my parents. It will be a very good afternoon ♥ See u soon tweeps!
oh to the yum! #bacon wrapped meatloaf :D
You know youre a nerd when you blow off your morning "wants" to watch Fanboys...
I know I'm kinda late... but everything is changing! I'm so proud and happy and sad and I don't even know how I feel. Lol
From Air to Air, a smooth migration so far!
OMG!! I thought I was gonna DIE earlier! it was thundering! Omg it was so scary! If I died all I wanted was to say goodbye to
When it hurts to look back, and you're scared to look ahead, look beside you. I'll be there forever no matter what the circumstances are.
We're officially in 23 countries - Welcome Norway, Italy, and Ireland - Thanks to Germany, Canada, and Australia for your loyalty!
C-dog, the rapper of the catchy Ravens playoff song on #TheTalk, is in the house! Ravens fans go check it out
Ok one last time before I go to sleep. TVD SEx finale. Over and out.
They are called the Cottagers. I watch them when I can because Clint Dempsey, the best American, plays for them.
Disappointing day. are so much better than that.
Raining in Copenhagen = perfect excuse to go shopping indoors at the Magasin du Nord?
I like the current ghettoness
Morning Tweeps! Hope you're up and watching ! will be on at 8:15 live to talk about the NJ Devils. Cc:
Brian Klemke wrote: I'm watching golf...that's right golf..and the only reason I am is to watch Tiger Woods fail.
With 15 mins left in the game #Pittsburgh has 4 made fgs and is shooting 14% from the field. That is absolutely #terrible and
Canada rules! Thanks for following :)
Thank you so much! Your blog post was the greatest, and so complimentary! Can't thank you enough! :)
ON THE RIGHT SIDE UNDER TRENDS THE THINGS TO FOLLOW. NONE OF IT IS WHAT I PUT THERE. HOW DO I TAKE THE THINGS OFF THE LIST
so I just slept all night long and I am still tired...I may need a nap...should be a nice lazy monday gym & cleaning thats all I need to do!
We now have the _NFL_ _NETWORK_. Browns & Steelers will be on tonight, plus the Hockey Ticket. Shall I put in an order for wings for...
Fact: I am an idiot.
Why did they remake footloose is nothing sacred?!!!
Wilson Ramos' knee just buckled badly. Doesn't look very good.
they start the series tonight against the Lakers
$2000 for a burn from a fish sandwich. What a day you are having, person next to me on light rail.
There is a small fire right now in gov't cntr station. Smells like burning rubber
Muslim jokes are so old now. I get so frustrated. I used to laugh but come on.. Grow up assholes.
Job hunting? Maintain confidence in what makes you a great candidate. Never lose site of this.
not always but late June should be better it's been a dry year so far.
Who is your favorite person to see on stage? (Tag them in your comment below)
Thanks for the shout out for our mussels! Glad they were worth the wait!
anyone up for pre-#techraking dinner or drinks in Berkeley tonight? cc
For lunch, I will be honoring National Grilled Cheese Day.
GM!!!! Mondays are the days where you question everything. Starting with why didn't I call in today? Lol jk gotta get this money!!! Smile!
I cant wait till your new Christmas album comes out know its gonna be special!! Thanks for always working so hard for ur fans!
Valentine's Day is February 14.
About a year ago, I listened to your Relationship Trust Building Webcast and I honestly believe it carried me through a really tough time
everytime i have a conversatio with kevin or george they keep tellin me that the world is mine.
I Over Slept<<<
is so sweet! ☺.
This is going to be a fun project - so many amazing peeps the hard part will be figuring out who to start with!
Great stunt! levitates over fountains on ! Catch him live daily in !
RISE AND SHINE TIME TO GET THIS LAST WORK DAY OF THE WEEK OUT THE WAY.
Thanks for the RT! Have a fabulous day!!
call me? Maybe?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! HAVE FUN TONIGHT!!!
MT : Multiple reports 3 coaches leave for Arizona: Jeff Casteel, David Lockwood,Bill Kirelawich TRIFECTA!
RT Thanks! Congrats 2 programming team on Excellence Award!
I wish I could hear more more and less less, I'm growing tired of more for less
I have learned that being together with those you love is enough
RT IF JUSTIN, CODY, OR GREYSON ARE NOT FOLLOWING YOU SO THAT I CAN DM THEM YOUR USERNAME! (must be following ) #NOJOKE!!!
Yeah, Jason learned that he needs to keep his phone charged. I'd love to come back by Madison too. To eat some squeakers!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked as a bartender: Can you tell me the price of every single drink that you have?
a final four but still kept his mouth shut like he should have because he knew who he was dealing with. I know that when I go to Lexington
Hey Ellen! Thanks for the retweet ~ you're so sweet! ;)
:-) best movie ever
first read that as "bubble gun" and was surprised that was disgusted.
nothing fucking works out for me..
i eat so much during the day... no wonder i feel that way
Listening to RHCP makes me miss my bestie so damn much! COME HOME!!!!!
Watch my ride get here before my roommate even finishes cooking -.-
11/11/11 : No phones, ipods, computers, cars or TVs...gonna make the most of it not just for me anymore.
hell yes!
cool I'll try to be there
Naming a real estate development project with "Shakespeare" as the key word to relate to. Who has a witty idea for me?
I don't need to be recruited. If it involves an IHOP run, I'm there.
thanks for the shoutout yesterday!! RT
The worst thing about this entire situation is these people go out into the world born and bread tools of stupidity <Belinda Jackson>
In 2005, Americans spent $90 billion on medical procedures, imaging studies, and medications for neck and back pain.
"Dnnt give up on someone you once made you smile when you didnt even want to laugh"!<3
Aolani if u don't stop
Frankie only follows peole he's met? He hasnt met me but he followed me...weird
just educational tweets??? Seems like a waste of a twitter account if you ask me.
I turned my phone on "Airplane mode" and threw it up into the air. Worst. Transformer. Ever.
gurl u best to back off he my man I called him first and I known him before u!! Lol I'm serious don't think I'm playing!
yes on all accounts. My offer for a cup of coffee/tea still stands. I saw you recently, but still feel the need to catch up!
YOLO. Exactly. Don't make stupid decisions.
we just got a shoutout ! :D woot woot. so how are the truebieberfans out there doing ? only a little bit more than a week til my world ! :D
What is stopping you? Seriously. You're leading me on...
haha jw he got all mad wen i told him to tlk to you haha
RT Central is closed today, so it's tough to get to , but we are still open so come on in!
Everyone loves the
While listening to "Too Big to Fail" on the way to work this morning, I wished TAIDS on at least 10 people...
getting ready to launch www.virtualvideo.info , as talent page, comedy, music, magic, Actors Audition Calls : ??
I do not at all understand the mystery of grace - only that it meets us where we are but does not leave us where it found us.
I was the invitee
What if it's just someone hiding outside your shower pushing in the curtain?
The 2012 54th GRAMMY nomination process countdown continues... :-)
We will also be giving out a limited number of copies of our #ROC rental market guide! Grab one at #ImagineRIT or #ROCLandlordExpo at #MCC!
ill never stop having fun. Its programmed in my d.n.a
No like we legit had to clean because of corporate is coming today
#THATCamp #Games / #THATCamp #Games / We’re playing Shade and taking names! Applications open now through 10/31: thatcampgames.org
lol Thanks for sharing! :)
- Thx for the mention!
Ok so far it's been an interesting art opening. A drug addict puked in my lil garbage can
Happy mothers day mom/Dawn Denise Doyle.You work very hard for me I love you and always will protect you,also she's the best mom ever 143.
Not In the mood today
So true.
Very excited that I played the guitar and for once didn't chip the polish on my right index finger. Yay! :)
DUDE! HOW ARE YU??
That kid in class who breathes like Darth Vader during a test
Band roadtrip to Camp Towanda! Today is going to be one big flashback into our childhood summers.
presently is closed. If you have a dr appnt in the Ala Moana Building ... The building is also closed.
I sent it before I saw you did it.
I said I was going to sleep but I can't stop thinking about u!
people you should follow
How could I possibly be expected to handle school on a day like this?!
In Jersey relaxing for the night...hot tub, food, and bar!
Lomhlaba Unzima, Lohmhlaba. This world is a harsh place, this world.
that would be awesome:) tyy<33
Wow what an end to the Duke/UNC game, but isn't that just par for the course
Hum. data curation - good session, good discussion. Thanks for putting this together!
came to visit me today!!! Good time!!!
*Meant Jon, of course.
and TV just got a lot better looking!
. Actually, that is just the #SocialSecurity Trust Fund. Program will still pay 78% of benefits w/o changes.
This is pretty cool. Would like to see other photographers complete camera collections.
!!!! RT : Everyone has flaws, but teeth looking like ran down section 8 housing is inexcusable.
There's heart and a point to inspiring. Charisma is inspiring without the point or heart.
Yea perfect.. Ill be here!
ok and my mom said she mighttake me tomorrow to sign up so idk would u come w us or go w ur mom or waaaaah?
Why am I the last one chosen when I could be out there showing my best.
hi Jeff! How are you?
been a long time checking but i appreciate the people keeping up with it. much love and god bless
Oh my, this story on about neighborhood pets being stolen and used for bait in dogfights is just heartbreaking.
Heck, I'm surprised he didn't bite you! That stuff's nassssssteeee! I can hardly imagine what Axe does to a dog's olfactory nerve
Hanley Ramirez 2 run homer to die center field!!!! Let's go marlins!!!!
in cali but I'm at Florida fo a vacation lol
get them in soon ! This window could be short ! I ve seen it this way before with no. Warning !
welcome to my newest ps upgrade member "combring "
What are the panelists thoughts on the recent explosive growth of Pinterest and potential for brands on that platform?
mac daddy
word on the street is its someone's birthday! Any chance I could get a follow? ;)
“: How many NASCAR races has Danica Patrick won?” the same amount as I have
Yes, we are still loyal #Steelers fans ; the # of Tebow jerseys at school yesterday was a record though
she wont let me go alone.
Hey, nice new profile pic!
watching the game
Wishing you all a happy and healthy New year
Sorry... cant. My moms got the macbook tn for "Schoolwork"
#Attitude...... is a limited edition
M&A Tip of the Day~Identifying personal expenses your business pays for are key in determining the value of your company
Who gives a shit, just win the fuckin Super Bowl!
Just installed a kit kat into my stomach.
He might make a stop in SA. I'll keep you posted!
#loveislouder I promise that the day I gain ANY influence, I will publicly fight for all those who have been tormented for being different.
After seeing my little girl with bleeding burns on her bum... I will not do that to my next little one.
i love how & are such good friends. <3 like really. There meaning of 'True Friends'
right now there's nothing that can be said to change anything but thanks anyway
We announce our 2012-2013 season #tonight! Stay tuned.
People trip me out...theres no way that you dont KNOW you stink...
oh God.
RT : Very excited to work with this year! We'll take our #pantsoff anywhere!!! (We like that about you!)
Russel Wilson top ten!
oh crap. i gotta do the woodman's shop tonight. :(
or to a cancer patient
ready for the floor me lembra a propaganda da renner
Pleased to report that today is our Friday, the office will be closed tomorrow-Sunday. Happy Thanksgiving!
Don't forget to schedule an appointment on Sun, Oct 2nd from 12-6pm! We'll be donating 100% of profits to the Wildfire Relief Effort.
Lesson of Clintonomics is invest in the future and spend less on today. It is possible to cut and spend to benefit our country.
Bitches on my dick
-- Hey thanks for the shout out! Too bad you aren't around 2 see the chocolate bars & golden tix is handing out!
My prayers are with you and your family
I actually can't listen to Tyler, The Creator without wincing anymore. Because i'm not 17 years old and angsty
I have a new, somewhat unhealthy addition to Zara...
Thank you for the RT.
that's not lunch. that's an appetizer.
79% of consumers will commit to a deeper brand relationship - after a satisfying online experience. src: IBM
we have a mystery member >:)
It's good people were supportive then!
Woke up at 5:45 to head to the gym and all treadmills were taken. Making the beat out of it and doing some weight training.
Creating a brand name with Linked In and Twitter
May come to Ireland next year (my first visit). Could we buy you lunch or dinner?
Thx for the follow!
I respect you going off on Gov Brewer's actions. We have to protect our President!
then you're one of the lucky ones.
looking forward 2 #NBA ALLSTAR WEEKEND!!!
Show at Douglas County High School was awesome!
lol we was always chillin back in those days !
- You Rock and Thank You
If you are taking pictures at Accepted Student Day - Staten Island using , make sure to use the tag #stj!
Don't hold strong opinions about things you don't understand.
Thanks... Tell Jake CONGRATS.. that is my Birthday .. it will be shortly after that I will be going. :) I will fill you in
fantastic! yes, put on your ice cream thinking cap! ha! -lisa
yeah video games are fun like an Xbox 360 or playstation 3 but not a hand held lower device.
lol! I love you! And nothing getting ready to move. Wyd?
I'm giving up and putting down the emails. :)
My puppies can be real dicks
Had an audition today where I got to talk about furries. It was brilliant!!!
RT Hoes are cuffed . good girls are single . the good die young . the ungrateful have everything ....
OMG That awkward moment when you SHUT UP!!!
Eating at CiCi's Pizza!!!!:))
Preds heading into the locker room with that dangerous two -goal lead
I sort of figured that was where u got it from
HEY IM SIGING OUT TEXT ME!!:) OKAY
what? no reliance on government?
Chiefs fired Todd Haley today. I wonder if he'd like a job as a QB coach? Wait Ive seen Palko throw, maybe not after all
It was fantastic to meet you too! Great work last night!
If the Broncos make more moves in the off season this week, I won't be able to contain my excitement.
I'm gonna go eat and then ill see if I can spend the night over at a freinds house. I will destroy him in ultimate marvel vs capcom 3
Ah, it's nice when things work the way they are supposed to.
haha heard that!
tap, tap, tap, is this thing on? It appears I am not a social media guru.
i love you! #BeliebingUntilMyHeartStopsBeating !Please Never ever forget about your #beliebers ! ♥ I,we , love you so much !
haha I can only expect meant billions, and yes, what be your name?
If I listened to what everyone else said I wouldn't be on top of the world right now.
Good luck bubba!! U can do it!! 👍🐷 Mind over matter... Lol.
Putting Cheez Its in my hoodie pocket was a bad idea.
Shut your mouth before I fuck it
myspace is dead. xD
Delicious Easter ham recipes
We know Triangle sports fans are mourning their team's defeat in the NCAA tourney. Don't get depressed, get some instead
She *is* right! I wish you could have heard the entire conversation. Awesome.
Honcho lifestyle Tip #10 - The early rising honcho always get paid first.
but that means no more childish behavior...
I bet if she met me she'd be really surprised how mild mannered I actually am. Thanks for defending my talent despite my "smut."
Aaron gave me his pick awawaw<3333
If someone wants to know my name !!!!! So !!!!!! My name is Effie Zouvelou
oh ok. thought it was correct. had brain fart. lol cool!
Hold onto ur seat during the fashion show. Remember 2 breathe!
I'm going to Woodstock this weekend. Guess that makes me a nasty libertine Democrat.
Have a great holiday weekend everyone!!!
Do yr kids luv eating white bread? Substitute w/ a light whole grain bread instead. Simple changes makes a HUGE difference. B
Thank you!
You're welcome! Glad to do it. Keep the good tweets coming.
what's good fam I'm bout to pick up Moët and some Bombay for this thirsty day RT “: Yo My G Whats Poppin”
My left leg hurts from doing backtucks today with Had fun with here thoo :3
oh gotcha! Can you follow me please? And what is something good to set my #fan apart from the others?
we deliver 15th to Mary mopac to35 r u within the area? W.austinloftydog.com/contact.html
Got the vow and think like a man on bootlegg... #WINNING.... lol
I Wish I Could See Today :(
Yours is more Scary
Shit, that's right, I forgot about that. ::gnashing teeth:: eeeyeah, unwise of her.
Almost ready to go learn some good stuff. #NAPO2012 - just have to go meet my buddies first.
Aw man! Is that the one you kept visiting? You had 2 guys at one point, right?
I want the truth from you. Give me the truth, even if it hurts me.
I followed you back. Still not doing the other thing. :)
'The Cerebral Approach to Exercise'...MindFirstFitness
notredame wins & steakums w/ peppers&onions a great combo :)
Not gonna happen though!
You can make the money back, but not the time !!
Don't even think of hiding drugs in your butt, because we'll look there. Just cooperate with us and we'll be gentle, you may even enjoy it!
Is it me or is online graphic design starting to all look the same?
hello Marilyn? ;) I don't risk shorter skirts until summertime for this reason.
#aaasmtg Cornelia Dean says science is cool--cool enough to make the #Nyt front page.
Do you have your Mother's Day brunch reservations yet? We're serving 11 - 3, with free mimosas for moms! Call to save a spot. 414.501.4510
Movie night with the wife!
are you serious!!?? haha
Happy Holidays hope you are enjoying your holidays! Happy New Year
Dang! I'll have to fix that for the 2nd edition.
he's a petulant child who was pissed about the position changes the Brewers forced on him. The well was poisoned here.
RT : From the Nuggets presser: Josh Kroenke "I want to offer a personal apology to the Billups family. He is Denver basketball"
Saw a brief shoot of you and Kevan Hall. He is my favorite designer. Have so many of his fabulous creations.
"One Shining Moment" playing in the background.
Mountain dreaming today, I need to feel the air, smell a campfire, put my feet in a mountain lake, RT if you love the same!
I know the actors. Just worried about the plot of it.
BLAP bid now stacking at .0038
i fail at spelling.
What's up felnt
My clothes are starting to fall off of me!
Honestly what's with the whole sagging pants thing?? Are you going back to jail soon to see bubba?? Is that what your trying to tell me??
why not be both? maru the cat with long hair and leather jacket
I'm so ill :'( I feel like I might die..
We're figuring out the possibility of call-ins. I'll keep you posted. Glad you enjoyed your intro to your request of the week!
First Oregon spring game I ever went to was in Keizer and attracted 4k. How times have changed...
Sorry I barely tweeted today lol. I've been really tired after getting home, idek why.
Lower Dens Share New Video, Tour Dates | HIT250
Retweet for a shout out,?
Yes! Yes? and No.
Yay! Were stoked tomarow, we are going to see tomarow! :)
This score could easily be 6-1, the puck is more just hitting Bryzgalov more than he is actually making saves. #80'stylegoaltending
Thx for the retweet! Have a wonderful #FF weekend!
Paul Mccartney looks like Angela Lansbury. Both are old british women.
RT : nice lunch bustle . Was that a turnip in the quinoa cakes? So interesting. Yes pink or Tokyo turnips
The feeling of not setting an alarm is the
RT - Watching my New England Patriots go to work!
Wisconsin's Gov. Scott Walker is proof positive why you should NEVER vote in a member of the #GOP into office!
So excited for to make dinner for tonight at our house! Thanks to & Sara for this treat!
I'm trying to write, but my mind is too cloudy right now
Do tell do tell! #qrcodes, #nfc, #mobility, and
ah my baby!!! I'm so sad I'm missing you all at the may mart!!! #havefunwithoutme 😰
- Yes it's the Ravens or Yes 4 a potential sideline pass hook-up? ;) re: Beau Brinkly workout
I have you livin life like you should said you never had it so good
#NeverShouldYouEver Bite the hand that feeds you
$4 Salads and NEW menu items available today at the Bakehouse!!! I just tried the new Jalapeno Jam burger and it was delicious!
We sure are!
The quest for safe, secure and sustainable energy poses one of the most critical challenges of our age.
favorite line: Find me that piece of paper I had in my hand yesterday morning.
Everything happens 4 a reason ": Sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory. #GirlFacts"
I'm going to the club soon :p
So sad I'm missing too! DAMN YOU, SHUTTLES THAT TAKE TOO LONG TO PICK ME UP FOR #COACHELLA!
Like a rhinestone cowboy...riding out on a horse in a star-spangled rodeo.
“: How is it that 's app understands him when we're all still trying to figure him out? #bhds12”
Are you sure you weren't speaking to my grandma? ": My grandma asked me if I gained weight"
Lmao watching my brother and his girlfriend cook!
The Blonde Names should be on
RT : Yes our President's safety is imperiled by the GOP. They need to be stopped now.
Congrats on your new Internship!
If you're a girl, listening to too much Wayne or Aubrey (especially Aubrey) probably means you have self esteem issues
Just saw two bums sharing a capri sun :(
For example - Apple is house that Jobs built, but really he wasn't responsible for each & every decision, but collective
ughh, brandi 3X. im not comparing him to hov as u often like to, im just saying he's a dope artist
Really rather play the Yankees in the ALCS. Detroit scares me. Not the team, the city.
Oh, totes. I get that a lot, too. (Mostly the "no means no.")
That was the most obvious shot clock violation ever. MSU owes #badgers 2 pts.
what you mean for?
um wait...is Ry using a MacBook?
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Potato Leek and Lentil. Sugar Free lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
129% of people exaggerate.
haha and a heart throb.
- sure! Can't wait!
This lady just pissed me off early in the morning.
I need to do this! #NeverEndingSwoon I also forgot to follow through with the ticket-buying because I'm terrible! :X
Follow ur boy hutch back ya dig?
why your house? that's so far and in the middle of no where :(
finna go watch our girls whip lexingtons ass
Guy just straight up declared his VPIP. "I'll play every hand for $10".
Tough day. Drinking a Stone Oak Aged Arrogant Bastard..to be followed by a Dogfish Head 75 Minute..AFTER I do my 5 miler to burn frustration
Apt construction necessitates becoming a “morning person" for next 2 weeks. Will either be super productive or crankiest human on earth.
Those stats are in the comments.
yep fur shurrrr bro
Welcome home <3 love you bestie!
I really miss 's "You're being ridiculous"/"What? Get out of here" look.
M.. just picked up a tall Amaretto Chai for only $2.50 at Roc River Coffee Co. Delicious. AND they have our REAL for card up :)
I Got That Bass
Well at 8 a.m. October 25, 2011 it looks like Harold Miller
Excellent session on project mgt just finished. V good, practical, & immed usable tools shared.
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
right there is my follow button ^ would you like to push it(:
Never been more thankful to come in 4th. Not the #muffdiver!!!
lmao , pinky promise , who you going with ? Jeremy
Listening to "Say Something", Such A Awesome Song:)
she like to get tipsy and she like to smoke too!
D-Wade likes chicken and waffles. Gonna make him a chicken and waffles breakfast burger.
Congrats Travis! Sounds like an awesome project.
