We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Bout 2 send u the link 2 my mixtape, got more tracks I wanna get remixed, 1 step at a time though... Let me know what u think
thanks for the RT!
Start of a new semester starts today! Gonna kill it in every way possible. #Let'sgetitstartedinhere
APRIL 28TH!! Theatrical Play "College Fund"!! The last show before we Go On Tour!! Officially Allen Iverson's Mom will play a character and
Yesterday was national peanut butter day? How fitting that I went to and had pnut butter on my black bean burger! So delish.
False. The Indians are hitting like .150 with the bases loaded this year.
how 'bout a #RedSox Nation email club, which you reply to as many fans as possible a few times a week, good hobby!
I have another recording in the works...
when your team fumbles you take a shot. When your team intercepts you give out shots of choice.
Yep. It's freaky.
kool. Got a football game to cover sat night. Sunday nada just try to chill and get some sleeps.
these days you can see it "masterfully restored" on DVD fresh from the Disney Vault lol
no prob bro ;) Hey, my cousin thinks that u're hot lol she's
Strangely enough had to solve that exact problem three days ago. Subclass Parser and provide a custom .entity dict.
Olivia is picking a fight with the President? Ooh whee, now!
love the Receivers interview you guys did. The Superman reference. Great Job. GO PACK GO...!!!
n u didn't even drunk text me lady! Boo to u lol
can you call my kid? I tell him this stuff all the time but he won't listen to mom. lol :)
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X29
I bet it's really weird when people walk up 2 u & know ur name,story, & everything about u. Story of #OneDirection's life.0_o
not an apartment. Just a house I'm thinkin about buying
I'm still here.:-)
ha yeah I know boozle is in asbury. I was talking about the after hour festivities.
RT : Bill Clinton? Pasta, meat sauce, red wine and a cigar after....who's in?? | He'd take all my women!
SAVE THE DATE! Mon 4/30 - at - 8pm - $5 cover - Live music, Art, & the all new "care-give share" table !
She's also writing similar stuff.... Just a wink to her...
hey! Thanks for following me back :)
RT : Doesnt surprise me, but people are surprised that tech users also like traditional stuff,including printed books
NWC IS KNOWN 4 1 THING !! BRING N THAT NEXT SHIT !!! CHUBBY BOOB, FULLY LACED, ROGUE STATUS 4 DA LADIES ETC.. WE KEEPAZ SEXXY !!
I just showed mom what facebook is... Sweet ;)
like 99.5% of ur 22,000 tweets are the same,but tagging different people. Dude, that is some major
your fans also want home games. My only complaint with Izzo for example is he plays the good teams at neutral or on the road
Thanks for the follow! I believe we know many of the same people, including one Mr. Ian Deming.
Lacing up the boots for the first time in a while. Someone get the oxygen ready
This weekend's movie pick -- "The Trip" with Steve Coogan -- has led me to plan a Labor Day Weekend road trip up to Bayfield.
iPhone just corrected "WWII" for "WWI"
#HouseOfLies. So freaking good
Ah, yes, you!!! I haven't been on Twitter in weeks. (Now I understand the previous conversations you & I had.)
Really don't care what people think. You've never lived my life so maybe you should just shut your face!
Steve Martin...the comedian?? How can he be better at a jazz fest than Norah Jones??
thanks my dude let me know how we can network!
Milan, Baltimore's newest dining destination "where food meets fashion," is now on Twitter!
Ooh, I love me some RDL's (pronounced "Err-Duhls" :-)
Thank u! xo
Hey Jordan, Thanks for the follow! Stay stoked friend!
Willis: little written about the role of text in cinema, though much more work on digital literature (Hayles, ELO)
Me too! Cake.
good call! Great win for my niners!
New York, I Love You x
Art of conversation is not only to say the right thing at the right place but to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment.
please follow me
I'm a free bitch, baby.
This is 's 3rd Nomination and 1st Win for Tweet of the Day
I'm somewhere in between your heart and mines <3 and I miss you to :) come back to me
alot of what??
you are in so much trouble young lady!
Bryson's cussing out a car who is driving terrible right in front of us...
Very much appreciated! : #FF The smart girls!
how U doin ?
Haven't focused this intensely on workflow optimizations since the CD-ROM days...
Wishing everyone a great weekend!
can u follow me back please? :))
RT if you're excited for new #Pinterest profiles coming out this week!
Dear Mr. President I have never been so proud to be an American (at least not for awhile)
do you play guitar or know someone in the san jose area that does? the honey wilders may need you. check out our facebook and email us :).
I work Looks like a login failure with your bank. Email & we'll walk you through fixing it
~Josh BillingsPlenty of people miss their share of happiness, not because they never found it, but because they didn't stop to enjoy it .
Fridays and Tuesdays are great for me. What about you?
Hosting Columbia Vs. NYU in a comedy competition tonight. Apparently it takes a community college grad to show them the ropes.
And you think im going to just come running back to you?
perfect! Do you have my phone number?
Earworms that make you get in the line for coffee humming "I'm down for whatever baby, let's get creative..." are just evil.
Thanks Blue Valentine for thoroughly depressing me & showing that a marriage can fail no matter how attractive the couple is
Liking the Chrome Web store.
i know..
YES HONEY THIS IS MORE THAN I CAN IMAGINE LOVING SOMEONE THIS MUCH HURTS ME TO SEE HIM IN THIS PAIN THANKS FOR KIND WORDS HUGS
Miguel Zenon 4'tet last night @ Duc des Lombards was superb. He's releasing a new album next month with tributes to Puerto Rican composers
me-"This coffee sucks! What the hell!" Joe-"This coffee would be better cold and if it was beer..just sayin" #wtf?
hey sometimes it pays to be in the country
The good news is that Animal Collective is coming back.
Keep sending those nightly emails 2 City Council. Restore the library budget & hours! www.facebook.com/savethelibrary.
when you find a song you're obsessed w/and you cant stop listening to it,and pray that you never get sick of it #boyfriend by
And Michael Fassbender is cute too. Don't count him out either.
Upcoming: The Cambrian Event Just ordered tickets and I urge all San Diego foodies to do the same!
Happy #FF to these fantastic followers! , , , , and
Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin wit no makeup on, that's when you're the prettiest I hope that you don't take it wrong
Remember, sharing is caring ... sharing can change the world
yes but where?! And is the flabongo still there?
This fucking game!!!!
I've never seen so many conflicting polls in all my life re Obama v Romney for Prez .Obama leads, others ridiculously say women favor Romney
Well the weather outside is frightful...
He was running a used car lot in Independence and was laundering the money through it and a couple other businesses.
- I think we need to make Lindsey a twitter... haha just think about it #sonicsecrets haha
Can i get followed back?.. and i luv ur hair... let the haters hate!!! :)
Definitely! DM me the time and place. Super stoked. will be there in spirit.
damn man your bulls out, your lakers bout to get they ass swept tough tough.
just messing with the two of you
sound like a shout out for pussy to me,,
Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -Dale Carnegie
sure! What kind??
:) RT : Google+ is like a great dinner party; no fun if you're not there.
Blazers BRASS better do something
I had asked you what voxer was, and you later responded that you weren't going to reply. So I googled it.
Forgot that school started at 9 and i still dont kno what im still doing up
Romania property values have fallen close to 40% from 2008. There do short sales. Problem is no debt forgiveness! It is what we do 4 u!
You're welcome! :-)
I would too! (which is not so awesome for you :P) There's a possibility though, we'll have like 3 classes in common
I agree with Gizmodo that you should have the Muppets host the Oscars.
Am I dreaming? Descendents, Hot Water Music, 7 Seconds, ALL, Weston and more, just a few days away, can't wait for
We're going to destroy the Patsies!
The words we speak have a direct effect upon our thoughts. Thoughts create words, words are the vehicles of ideals. Had to repost.
this isn't the joefarrar you're looking for! Come on, figure it out!
We will have to meet up for coffee! I do not know anyone in the area! :-)
Hey if you want some support & inspiration check out the 4 Gutsy bloggers committing to self reflection @ stratejoy.com !! :)
- lol you are right, is cooler than you Russ, j/k
S'il continue a plevoir ce soir, on se verra a l'interior du Living Room!
“RT: #Leo remembers the small things.”
what if he's blind? #wontknowthediff? :P
All dressed up for
love you!!!
#Nf just because she's an fan :)
Spelling Buzz tonight Drink To Play, Spell To Win! 1st place: $60 Bar Tab! Signup at 6:00. $6 for a PBR and a shot
Did you know that the Angels look upon us with total compassion.They understand our pains and struggles,and they are there to help us.ASK
No problems! You know I am down for the #HypeTeam!
I miss you more!! <3
those chicks were so cool!
Our spring schedule is filling up quickly so if your considering booking an event with us please call today. (317) 638-7380
Thanks for the follows
I ain't even mad doe \(.___.)/
ROLE CALL!
It would be nice if any of the places I applied at would call me!
I feel so good.
read the book lol
im doing good just taking it easy with my dogs going to have a beer in a lil while
Hitting up Delaware Park!
lol, butt crack.
I am monitoring all my electronic devices to see if I receive emergency (test) alerts.
Avoid social media campaigns as an after thought to media plan, form cross-functionally focus on basics 1st
Thanks Breechan. I appreciate it!
Sound goods lets get to work I need it to be the hottest behind the scenes video smokin
Wednesday Night! Karaoke with Aury Moore! Come sing for her!! Party starts at 9pm!
WHERE THE FUCK IS THE PIZZA IM HUNGRY LEMME TRACK THAT SHIT
all the way turnt up!
RT RT "Five differnt lawyers Lord knows I'm Stressed"
These are signs that can only be understood with the Holy Spirit and God is with Obama.
can't remember when I've seen us play so impressively....not only first half...but entire game!
Shoreline MMA! Sign up at the blog to find out
your sisters are so cute!
Nice same here. I live in Texas. :P
I've had it for a month, it's great RT : Came to SF as a advocate - I am going back to MSP a big advocate
I hate his actions but i still love him as a person
Have you checked out the new look to #wisn.com? Looks great!
Hi Tanya, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
Washed & conditioned my hair. Did my nails....now I feel better
FOR MORE INFORMATION ABOUT THE EROTIC CHALLENGE CALL 310-806-2123 OR GO TO www.theeroticchallenge.com
ahaa you want what ?
. 2012 launched today and you had better believe I will be bragging about it all week ( client, I'm not on the team)
the trailer is so sick!
Oh u still wearing wood frame cartiers....wow ....
Bye New York! The snow blizzard was fun but it's good to be back in 65degrees LA weather!
Just saw a commercial for tilapia at #goldencorral. As delicious as that sounds, it doesn't.
Thanks, Lynn! :)
Lol awkward encounter with my math and history teacher after I skipped school.
Byron introduced himself as "im a crackhead an i have three brothas" hahahaha
I'm going to have to be careful opening my mail.
breathe easy now! Gaborik got his redemption. Great work by the Richards line in OT
Individuals can use a paper filing system, which is simple to set up and low-tech. Set up files according to the area of expense.
shout out to showed yo ass at pv!!!! precaite ya fa showin b.d.s love..u good wit me bro! real talk!!!
Rays-Yankees Preview (The Associated Press)
Thanks for the Shout Out! Thanks for the follow. Hope to start tweeting regularly.
my pleasure. thank you for sharing it with us.
Home from school(:
"Just kidding" is just an excuse to not get in trouble for something that you really wanted to say all along.
your grading brotha be careful with your tournaments! God bless bro!
Hi ! How are you liking Chicago?
Well alrighty then...
Thanks! (They certainly are, anyway!)
“: loved the Doug quote post.” What was Doug's quote?
uh oh , she getting up there lol .RT Tyra graduate tomorrow at 9:30 am 😊☺😃
One time anniversary<3
feel better.
Well, another night of crawling out of an enormous self-created hole. Thanks,
When did cigars become good for you?!!
my first experience with Poutine was at a McDonalds in Canada. It was rather yummy when I was 10 years old.
I've got a birds-eye view of all the secrets you keep.
oh i enjoy long walks on the beach, a glass of wine an smooth jazz..... XDDDD ask me stuff an ill tell ya
I wish it was nicer outside so I could at least pretend to get away from everything.
Oh, probably Ethical Slut!
yay i cant sleep.
That Reflections picture turned out really really well...almost too well...Too bad the HDR didn't
Nawlins hornets game packed because brees,jenkins & gang are lowlife shitbags...BAMA smoked LSU clean 1/12 the city is a ungodly mess..
Wish I was at the pacers game..
Who's travelling there mate? Nice course!
Good questions from the #nylsday crowd about OrgPedia incl. how to verify data, how to stave off the mob
yeah u have turn it around because idk I got it upside pix xD
Thank YOU for the feedback on my publishers on Pinterest article. Does your business pin?
They say, Nov - Apr is when the action happens for #investors. So does this mean you only invest then? Thoughts?
I won the ZIBA 2009 model search and fashion show!!!
Very true. I think there's still hope for us though.
Fake eyelashes
Happy Earth Day, fellow Earthlings
in dream I visited London and you were driving me around! I was messing around and pressed an automatic driving button. It was
I think some people may be cheating on #B! The Wanted deserves to win!!
Hey "knit cap indoors" guy. It's over. Nothing needs to be said. We'll pretend it never happened.
I wanna ditch my first class so bad right now to sleep in. But that irresponsible.
thanx yeah it's too good a title to waste
Great weekend Another outstanding Tailgate!! Lot's of ZuZu food. See ya in a couple of weeks. Can't wait 2 weeks come by and eat.
Hi I'm Shannon. Thanks for following me! You're awesome! :) I liked your Facebook page and subscribed to your YouTube. <3 Shan
no I'm naht. I don't have my baby drank 2day. srry /:
So many new dishes at all the time! Just tried a new one by with a bunch of awesome seasonal ingredients.
#OWIF: Well, um. Okay. So, the teams are presently at even strength, 4 on 4. Although Maurice seems too full to dance, now.
blah blah blah talking to some boring person
Chris Brown - with you ❤
Just passed up home made pound cake. Oh the pain.
Jammz its my birthday!!!!!
Guided by
Saturday Night Party!! Come spend the night night with your favorite showgirl! Open 'til 6am!!
Yes, I thought as much. The Phd prepares for more than library admin. I wish I had done it.
I am glad winter skipped right on over us this season and spring sprung earlier. Don't trust the predictions of a ground hog.
I'm fine, just worried about some family. Thank you! Love you sweetie!
Dad slowed behind a truck so I could take photos of the "Nobama" bumper sticker. Got stares from the elderly couple inside.
Rolling Stone's Jon Stewart issue: David Letterman in a UCSB shirt circa 1983. Go Gauchos.
What's poppin twitter
Shhhh.... You'll be in trouble boy. ;)
Student science literally turned to custard
who is who in this photo?
GOP? What's that?
"…To live in the light of the resurrection - that is what Easter means." -Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Letters and Papers from Prison, 1944.
Hey! Good morning, Tom.
Happy B-Day Mama, I love you:)
I hate when girls says I only fuck with bad bitches. Wtf? Your gay!
am I invited? ;)
“: RT ": I feel like an outcast... I'm the only one without a tat. #untouched". Word”can I get I love Jon Jon on my ass?
Last night of #SXSW for Tony's Fried Chicken! Hyde Park CENTRAL from Convention Ctr, # 7-DUVAL / DOVE SPRINGS-NB to Duval & Park
Don't we all MT Peter Barnes reports that Geithner hopes Cong. will raise debt ceiling this year "without drama, pain & damage"
woohoo! Where? Do you like it?
M, funnel cake. Haven't had one in way too long! Looks like you guys had fun at the run. Congrats to Susan!
I mean wow jus think if it had bin a black dude that shot a white kid in a hoodie, know how much outrage ther wuld b??
Writing new music this week for our full length set to drop in Jan. :)
NUUUU wanna pull an all nighter ? :o
Feeling great after a morning of
Had an amazing dinner at Lake Park last night~
2012 whoever...whatever...whenever...wherever...
Hey, are you gonna be on the Stockton Friends Trivia Bee team? It's a sci-fi theme this year...
Chemistry and math are literally going to be the death of me....
can not believe it's the last week of undergrad classes forever...
The concert at the Grammy Museum last night was sold out!
good morning to you too!
If u took a pic with ur tax money ur a fuckin bum
be yourself because everyone else is already taken
RT : "Win or lose, do it fairly." - Knute Rockne >> Just because you don't have it, doesn't mean another person got it unfairly.
No way! That's awesome!!
yea we gotta get in the weight room and do sum strengthing after rehab. We gotta do it our self team. Loll
Build Day is over but some our troops stayed behind to continue building. Habitat just never stops!
awe!!! THANK YOU :D
I think that women should put pictures of missing husbands on beer cans.
Aww, thanks. Great to meet you!
european motors
Is nasty. He told me he have more pubic hair on his ___ than I have on my head. -___- Eww!!
..Niggas biting my style like grit mouth tweakers/
Conan O’Brien wins two-year extension to host ‘Conan’ on TBS through April 2014. (AP)
LOL homework, I hardly ever get that shit
Best part of my morning: bus driver pulled over to pick up a student on crutches as he struggled to get up the hill to campus.
just think about the great night were gonna have!!!
I'm never forgiving her.
another year
#JustRead RT Oh ...and D. A. Powell's _Chronic: Poems_ () and Beckian Fritz Goldberg's Reliquary Fever.
...it doesn't make you Jesus.
2012 NFL Draft: Grading Bears&#39; First Round Pick and Analyzing Round 2 Options
Thanks for the fun interview & great review! I owe you a longer email soon!
That is actually not a bad idea.. But then all of the calls would be recorded - how would you like that?
Goddamn right RT : If Sara's Mexican Food changed its name to Saraberto's I might give it a shot
later tweep's
Someone drop off sushi
So good to be with u yesterday. U r radiant!
there's another one!
Can't stop thinking about how good #TheAvengers was.. I would def go see it again!
what's wrong w owls?
can I get a follow or a retweet from the best team in baseball?
oh hush
“: Saying repulsive things so the freshman think you're a complete weirdo and stay away from you #victory”
10% off just about everything on the site. Excludes MAP items, balls, and items already on Sale. Use coupon code SPRING12 at checkout.
So wasn't expecting the ending of Grey's Anatomy. Wow. You couldn't PAY me to fly on a private plane. I'm serious.
So sad to realize how codependent one actually is... Or how I really don't know what to do with myself now. Pathetic right?
Presentation is everything, if you want people to take your music serious, you're going to need a serious mix. Get at me a sap!
I took you down!!
whts up ms.
My beard is getting annoying
Hi - thanks for following Better WIne Guide, now following you too. Cool website!
that's ppurdy.
You know the Bucks have injuries when Jon Brockman is seeing the floor in the first quarter. Or getting playing time at all.
what i tell you about that nigga word?
& : Trying to recreate your ramp tacos from last year. Refresh my memory, please?
Had an awesome shoot today!! Time for some rest and relaxation
I'm still not getting an ipad....
I just tried popchips for the first time! Sweet Potato = to die for... I can't believe they are guilt free!
Also come and see us at this years RPO Summer Concert Series every wkend in July and also @ Gay Pride July 18th. What a great summer for us.
DID YOU ORDER THE CODE RED?!? You're GD(f) right I did!!
Go ahead & add Pro fighter to the occupations I've been mistaken 4 having. Others include cop & ex-con.
so, guess who is the orientation leader matched to my freshmen tutorial?
Can you follow me back? Please♥
Yea i here :) anica ^^ blow up mentions :) .. ryan is hot are here ^^ haha
loved this. “: playing at Cinema Village near Union Sq for the next week. It's a mommy-friendly 73 mins!”
A huge "YES!" to vinyl releases. Vinyl + mp3 download is the way to go, IMHO.
this is amazing. amazing. available for sale?
On to the next one
Do we fear stretching beyond the shape of our body? Beyond the shape of our pasts and our limited perception of futures?
RT : FREE LUNCH TODAY AT OUR 2ND AVENUE LOCATION!!! COME ONE COME ALL!!!
cake cake cake cake cake !
glad you like them!!
I really hate being in Penn Station when there are guards armed with machine guns around...makes me feel like there's been a threat.
u already know I mess wit u heavy
Tom Watson - you're terrific.
Best homemade white choc mocha to date!
Supporting your friends come first.
can't wait!! Gonna be so god!!!
Today is #OutLiveYourLife Day! Join us at ChickFIlA in Avon or Greenwood from 11-1 & drop off your donations for Operation Christmas Child.
do you see any big FAs heading to GB?
remember when Cameron Hurley had to sing with jordan for tay because she was sick
A ponderous question from a Christmas dinner: "Should you donate to charity if you're deeply in debt?"
Thanks for the tip, I appreciate it!
Good morning lovelies...... Headed to the job.... Off at 5 :)
So many douchebags contact me everyday, yet the ONE man I really want to hear from is silent. It's so easy to find sex, love is so resistant
At the gym and old people are complaining that teens are excersising by them.. Aren't they the ones that complain about childhood obesity??
“: i followed back (: #tfb” thanks!
I gotta c my sis fa i leave
thanks gorgeous hv a beautiful day.;) xoxo
Turco has a vote for me, mike smith is decent too!
I’m tired of being bicoastal. Unicoastal, yes. Or is it mono coastal?
Taking a long time to import my archive pics into Devonthink. I really think (& hope) it will be worth it!
This. Is. Awesome.
If that's as bad as it gets I'll count myself lucky.
I often don't dine outside of No Park but when I do I prefer Kitchen 4140 on Morena Blvd esp Roasted chicken with preserved lemon accents
I know it sucks but If u wanna talk then I'll be happy to cheer u up
Police Week, honoring the fallen at the memorial in Washington, DC. Thinking of my grandfather who died of injuries sustained in service.
“: Have a great first night ! :)” The party is on & pa~pa popping!!!
What's your blog?
Ran out to the pet store & bought medicine for my Beta Fish-his eye is infected-poor little guy.I really care a lot about all my pets *sigh*
Hi !!! We belong to #slowfoodchicago-committed to the community and reaching out to talk sustainability with our neighbors!
I want a snowball ..
Happy fucking friday
I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb... and I also know that I'm not blonde.
Are you ready for your class part!? RT : Looking forward to this weekend!
BELIEVER, UNBELIEVER, UNDECIDED... WHICH ONE ARE YOU? CHECK IT OUT MY NEW PLAY ON MYSPACE/PULCHRITUDE2HOT
me and love cuttin up on ...... Cut throat
They should invent water taxis, to take you to meet up with the boat you just missed... Lol
Happy birthday to our dear friend Just about the best person you could ever know. Wish her well today
Is watching other people people watch meta-people watching?
I have decided this humidifier will save my life. Breath on me, fancy machine!
I didn't attend Woodstock 40 years ago but I have gone three days without showering.
RT : same thing over here! ouch! using the help of my trusty HALO gadget.
do you love your outfit?(:
Exactly RT : Not a damn thing RT FxckYouPayMe_: Tell me.... What can you really do with no money? Nothing.
The world is shocked Kobe didn't take that shot, but damn Blake was wide open
Me too. You totally should.
okee... I've only had 2 grumps but not pleasant.
who is that hot guy oh wait it's carlos
"Take it or leave it but the deal is final / when you're dope as Reggie Bush, they wanna steal ya title"
2012 film watching! #61. Cedar Rapids (Arteta, 2011). Re-watched this on blu ray, still holds up well. A solid comedy with plenty of laughs.
Working on my paper, Genderbending in Persian Dance.The more I read the more complicated it gets.#GenderInIran is no joke!
thanks for the mention Big Curt!
i was partially kidding, but i might have to take the plunge and buy it in Jan. pb&j and noodles that week!
sure! Sorry I haven't been on for a while!
Car wont start. Great start to summer
so is my wife. So glad there is 2 tv's.
Im greatful for being a belieber love you (: happy thanksgiving!
Uuuuuhhhhh Tyler! Is he about to tune up in the MADEA VOICE! LOLLLOL!
I wanna get in shape and look amazing but man a hamburger and fries sound yummy!!!!! Lol
:) I can't wait for that moment! He's gonna look so handsome. :)
#4wordsyoudontwanttohear it smells like cheese
S/O to #dopepeople FOLLOW HER
#loex2012 lightning strikes --props with cheat sheets/finding aid for librarians are important when delivering library orientation session
yes, but now #team blackberry will refuse to play you....
You can observe a lot by watching. ~Yogi Bera
There's something about a woman in the gym working out....
Also it was good to see Jenny sitting with !
The puppy we saw is so cute it looks like a toy!
Thoughts are with our fellow Texans dealing with wildfires this week.
she has a way of doing that!
really? like at home?
And radiolarian cupcakes! : Margaret Wertheim at #MarineSublime: Nature has this tremendous way of realizing mathematic ideas.
Thanks for keeping me sane when the crazies try to break me!
"Alabama Mothers Day" RT : Guy walking down the street carrying red roses, a greeting card and a 40 oz of Schlitz.
ready for Day 9 of the #Huguely trial. More defense witnesses. Judge says case will run Saturday if no verdict Friday. You good?
oh....well that's different. Can he wash dishes?
SOX: Cody Ross just smacked a sac fly to left field in B3 and the #RedSox lead 3-1 over the #Orioles in series opener from Fenway.
a shit ton. No joke.
are u up to date yet? SOA? Do u know when next season begins?
"US Congressman should have to dress like Nascar drivers and wear the logos of all the banks, insurance, real estate." Ty NY Times
Pittsburgh doing their best #titanic act.
such a great video. sending some bulls love from Milwaukee!
So finally my skool is on the closed list...so now all these fuckin ppl postin on fb can shut the fuck up already!!!
What is a noun, a verb, and is going to be at our conference?
Why So Sirius Black
It's sad that people like make money from people and put the money into the pocket.
Also try listening to 90's love songs while crying yourself to sleep. The pain will fade.
The truth is that if you have any of those beliefs, there's probably been a good reason that you developed them
Hey, , if I have a 100% empty/dry water bottle (a Bobble - purchased plastic refillable) can I keep it in my carry on?
Canfield showing he is no Masoli on his feet. Duck defense is fired up (and so is the crowd)!
I didn't get much of the spicy this year. I definitely got the roasty earthiness though.
Ah, I have chx 1-2 out of 7 meals & I'm really fished too!! Hahaha
Congrats! Your book looks super!
Everybody please follow my personal account 2
hey Good news my song Doctor was selected by John Kuhns dj radio personality base in Austin tx I'll send link tweet u when
thanks. I can't be a traitor if I've had one for 3 years. Thanks again. And lastly: garbage.
Getting ran over by an ambulance would be so convenient.
Hope your weekend is off to a grand start! Thanks for thinking of us!
Got rackspace today and all I can think of is "rack city chic"
RT : Don't seek, don't search, don't ask, don't knock, don't demand - relax. If you relax, it comes. Osho
Look forward to seeing you there!
I woke up sweaty from killing so many zombies in my dream
are you sure I know mine Votic4kScLaN isnt
If you're not excited, how can you get others excited? People will know. It's like how kids and dogs can sense when people don't like them.
awww merde, would have loved to bump into you again...perhaps next year! I'll be tweeting/posting/instagraming a ton!
you know, with my man Morse out, theres room in my heart for a new fav... & when fandom means animal hats, you know Im in ;)
Just saw yet another #HR blog that bases it's entire content on stupid crap! #humanresource professionals..please give some meat in blogs!
haha you are welcome!(: you seem like a good guy!
This weekend seems perfect for English zombies. Come down to for free 'corn and friendly cannibalism.
I can't not do anything tonight
Yes, as long as you do so by hand, right?
Breann said my ass looks huge today, and Alexa slapped it. Uhm ok...hahaha
I suspect the dead were public transit riders still it is no reason to deface the seats like that.
Its National Roast of Pork Day! Wisma’s slow-cooked Organic Becker Lane BBQ Pork is the perfect way to celebrate!
I admit I'm a bit utopian, but frankly there's enough demonizing and ostracizing going on in this world w/o me contributing to it.
lol, plans got rerouted. Will resume next Monday. :) maybe pasketti!
He shut they asx up real quick lmao
Hi There! We are looking for a Co-Host in Jax. Would you be interested?
We wish everyone an awesome Friday!
Please see the value of the home beyond the price. When u buy extremely low, the next buyer goes lower & u lose value.
worse, because he did it after it was added to the rules
Yeah I'd probably forget everything I wanted to say. Just thinking about it I get all tongue tied!
no! It's better than that! Grilled asparagus, goat cheese, tomato and dressing on amazing French bread!!
TerrI ... conditions of unspeakable humiliation
I'm giving less and less fucks the closer my ancient greece exam gets
LOVES them... Nuff said???
I like that your dogs name is Russell.
haha! Good luck! You'll find it!
Our funding roundtable has begun! Come join us in the Leavey Club Room!
Aw. It's only so good b/c it's so reciprocal and balancing. :)
I'm already loving the app! Just completed my first mission. Just launched in #Boise today. Use code ssboise to sign up!
MP art soon to be gracing the walls of a hotel in Pittsburgh!
David always bein a lil bi.
On certain busy days, hearing the right song can give ya a lift. Today it was RISE by P.I.L for me. How about YOU?
Happy Birthday !!!
i legit have to hurry up and type em on notepad in my phone before i forget
hope u aint mad at me nomore but if u are i wana tlk so we can fix it
If I had been at the game tonight would have won. Hmph. 😡
so are there going to be any Durbin moments on Wrestlemania?
Complicated situations are the makings of all that's wrong.
It was an ugly win but see ya jets
I forgot what that stands for. Remind me and the rest of twitter?
so excted to night is the night to just let go and not care about anything. so excited for Semi!
forget free entry, i'm in there before 11 for the early drink specials!
Now that I'm free from school, time to think about the more important things in life like watching THE AVENGERS multiple times.
Saw a new Beetle painted in that color-changing paint today. If it gets a parking ticket, what does the cop write for color? Rainbow?
HUGE thunder blast, wtf.
Good! Cuz if I gotta come 1526 miles somebody is gettin hurt! I'll take on a roided up hulk. I'm a bit nutty too.
: Where did the house blow up?
Guess who you have to thank for that.
Making Japanese cucumber salad n crunchy sushi roll Recipe to follow
"Perspective is worth 80 IQ points." ~ Alan Kay
Wanna watch all my Harry Potter dvds whilst studying but I'll probably end up just ditching the studying
I'm gonna scream.
ooh it's really pretty :) I like it!
Turbo Fruits show tonight with at !!!!!!!!!
RIP Helen Keller
I have several ideas. I'm trying to narrow my focus.
wishing I was sleeping on the temp tonight! #luckykid 😘
Vino & Cranium... what a great combo.
So true for you 😃👍 RT : Hey, you! Keep your head up, you're so much better than you believe, I promise.
Thinking about you - Frank Ocean ♥♥
Now that I finally won a couple games against , I'm retiring from ping pong, going out on top!
Just got "God bumps" reading your last tweet. What a witness, how great is our God?!
no problem! <3
How's it goinf? Sorry I never followed up with you a while back. Hope all's well.
i was like that at first and in the past like recently when i get on i tweet about everything and its addicting to reply(:
dinner was inspired by you & ;) #gyros ftw.
guess who cant sleep....me
At least I don't have to grade anything! ;)
I just want it all!!!...in the meantime ill settle for my 3day wknd! Come oooonnn 330 ;)
i didnt see the part with the water, did i just miss or.....
Estate Sale Companies in Denver, CO. Get It Gone Estate Sales. Call us first! 720-300-9376
Though one good thing, I am trying to utilize my G+ account a bit... instead of spending it burning through hobby things. ^_^
When making lifestyle changes focus on 1 goal at a time. And when a goal is reached dont forget to reward yourself for your accomplishments!
We all have two choices: We can make a living or we can design a life.
I got the samples but haven't had time to try them. It's been record days of 100+ here. Fortunately the kids are mostly inside.
Heaven is a kiss and a smile:)
THXS 4 FOLLOWING. I'll be following u back.Good luck in the music industry I'll be listening.Knock em dead. Take care
That's the number of people I'm following! :) I'm glad you think I'm so popular. Today is my Twitter DOB.
and lastly, WRITING FOR THE FULL LENGTH HAS BEGUN! Our new song kicks ass, no multiple asses, NO... all the asses
“: Milwaukee showcase on Monday at #SXSW --> - we'll be the ones in Packer gear” glad to have you! :)
jazz piano kind of afternon. Lafayette Gilchrist + Robert Gasper vs my work load
It's crazy how you have the ability to constantly make me feel stupid
And he is part of my
I can't believe that a week from now I will be getting flown back out to LA to be in a movie in 3D
The 3 general features of crime are actus reus (violation of law), mens rea (mental state), and concurrence of the two.
Not Smirnoff though. Either Roberto Cavalli or ZYR Vodka. Svedka or GT Vodka is great on the low end of things...
Sure whatever don't care about spelling
Cheesecake. All on my mind.
I really want to win the FreshDirect and Benefit House Parties!
This looks delightful. Thanks for the great idea!
It's cool when your teachers become your customers later in life.
I knew there was a reason Lundqvist was good.
Okay, I can leave work now.
This lady is addicted to drinking her urine
found snake and mouse in return duct yesterday. Both dead.
Great move by #Mayweather bringing #bieber along. Cross-market diversification anyone?
why is it that u will never follow me maybe one day when like the sky is falling or something u will follow me!(;
To all my followers please delete this account and follow me on this account. alik_rainey
Your past should not dictate ur future..stop looking in the rear view mirror while trying to move forward
? why not?
Give me a long shot to bet on, Mark ...
you about to sing the song on the tape he made her?
(P.S. - choked up less in sympathy for 's experience than in anticipation of my own!)
“: Kobe or Lebron ?” lebron my man
I'm tweeting right from a macbook air! hahaha
funny how a member of the losing team is talking jive. Chris and I are
what's your number? (; you should DM me?!
when i dont answer your text, dont keep texting me, theres obviously a reason
This marks. 12 years since my crash.
True. But as a UConn fan I do feel bad supporting Syracuse in the tournament.
Hans...booby...I'm your white knight!
I have seriously been asked out three times this week! Wtf???
In broadcast news, they generally don't like reporter having accents so they can appeal to a broad audience.
sorry, love. You ok?
Many retailers will show pictures of their costumes with accessories that aren't included with the costume itself
El Pastor would like to thank everyone for the Super Weekend. Also, thank you for the favorable reviews on Yelp.
your dumb :-o
Taking Bong Rips :D
Maybe it's a #slump, Jairo. But, you know they can make it sound like he's #LouGehrig if they want.
I tweeted to big jagg(:
If i was your boy i would never let you go!
snowboard goggles Masks or goggles for airsoft snipers? ;O
RT Dick Clark has died. Now we can not ring in the New Year anymore. Well played, Mayans, well played...
You're a goofball. ;p
don't need to, bought vinyl & digital download. Atlanta bound April 7. Hell yeah!
just finished my last assignment, unofficially I'm done!!!
wow, #grammys honor lifetime acheivements w/140 characters or less each
#namethegame "the alumni vacation for 6 win schools"
Haha Your very welcome (;
These allergies are kicking my ass! >.<
We're at Paychecks Lounge ready to rock #IPODetroit!
Thanks for the s/o Jalylah!
Haha nice. Thanks for eaves dropping!
Right back at ya! RT : Thanks for the follow !
I don't want to "read" all that. Lol.
I actually don't get why Broncos would dump former 1st rounder who led playoff run rather than have him back up QB with 4 neck surgeries.
be quiet lol
#That1FriendThat no matter you contact frequently or not, you are forever best friends.
I guess. If you call that living.
damn happy b day! I was at my friends and used that aussie shampoo yesterday,U make that??Enjoy east coast, it's cold here
I haven't seen the movie, but I do like Julianne Moore. Buried in my Netflix queue, no doubt ;-)
Just finished reading "The Ayatollah Begs to Differ". Awaiting my Kindle Touch to arrive in the mail today.
being human is beingg too complicated! time to becomee a U N I C O R N ! xD
And by "send" I mean tweet at us or :)
How many times does trying to stimulate the economy by lowering taxes on the wealthy have to FAIL before the dumb GOP admit it doesn't work?
I can't f*CKING wait for yall to hear this shit me and cooking up ...this dude is AMAZING !!!
#fridayreads "The Cat's Table" by Michael Ondaatje.
Life is a circle. History repeats itself
I want subway nowww.
Many agencies are looking to stand up a #VMO. The #IRS has a very successful VMO office w/lots of best practices.
can't handle the heat?
World Series attitude, champagne bottle life Nothing ever changes so tonight is like tomorrow night
Yes where are they???
Can i just sleep? :3
just listening...to cicadas and pond frogs. a nice chance of pace. and now i'm off for disc 4 of Madmen and that last beer in the fridge
Love bro good Looking Whn If I get off Im gone bring you laptop
UGH cannot believe I lost another laundry key......
I thought I would leave that up to you. With any luck I'll be needing a ticket
my neighbors are getting their septic tank emptied eww
It ain't how I leave while I'm here, it's how i live when I leave
#wiunion, I sure miss you Not being in Madison 2morrow is going to be very sad. Not being able to vote in WI b/c of this cancer - worse.
hm. Hadnt read that. Damn.
Lol I'm shopping for condo's super tired. Success is measured but how great your knowledge is, time to finish school and lay the foundation.
we are allone
Finally learning how to tweet from ! ~Jen
Thanks -- i look forward to seeing It.
Because your BF has to come in a call me dumbass at least with caps I know you'd say it without swearing
no I juss asked
On the rare occasion that I come across a gentleman, I have always turned into an awkwardly resistant ass.
Prolific? "I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." - Puff Daddy
Launched new Storyopolis Entertainment web site.
Say it to my face
Why reinvent the wheel, right? Chances are it will be totally new to your own local audience!
It definitely merited a triple barf. Stupid Twitter and its character restrictions... !
RT “: Looking forward to from at this afternoon, speaking abt college affordability.”
Happy Monday! What's on your agenda for the week?
I need to start washing my face before bed more often and going to sleep earlier.
if you says so... Whatever floats your boat my friend :)
Wait, this commercial said 'for longer and harder erections'?! Wow on daytime TV too?
Movie over. TOTAL SUCCESS!!! Never give up ;)
About to go find a turkey egg and make an omelet
That was so
I LAICH BROOKS!
After meeting so many of them for the first time at #dakotacon yesterday, I gotta say my tweeps are a freaking amazing group of people.
Thanks, Skip.
Back at ya ! International #StarWars Day. #MayTheFourthBeWithYou &
Yesterday, I was on hand with Mayor Bloomberg and Governor Cuomo for the bill signing of much needed pension reform in New York State.
Is hype that is on the game tonight love u Gabrielle
Cold night peeps... Closing around 11.30 hurry grab the last Puccias
wish i had one more week of vacation
Not for the faint of heart: GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan. Women & camp life in the #CivilWar. $2.99 Kindle Amazon Free to Prime
be less blurry
May 4th can't come soon enough. I'm ready for the Avengers!!!
Lunch. Question mark.
Cats CAts CATS!!!!
So glad super rugby is back !
Wondering where all the "severe" stuff is? Tons of rain, but no wind or hail in Cottage Grove.
okay :) what do u want?
Spent most of the night hiding under the covers due to the horrendous thunder and lightning. And yes i'm a pansy.
absolutely love .... Do you use it?
Had a good time out of the office (and the building...!!!) this week. Now for the journey home, and all the work waiting on my desk :-)
Congrats on the new season!
It's true. I get up with #Kman everyday “ he lets her sleep in every day! ”
in about 3 hours...a needle will be in my belly button. (:
RT : #Fact - Massages lead to sex
lmfaooo I've got some shirts that need pressed while you're at it...
When is laying on my chest>>>>>
RT : This just in: WILL throw the first pitch in Game 3. #postseason Cc:
Lowcountry=where they make Frogmore stew. Midlands=mustard BBQ. Upstate=white lightning.
okaay but dont erase anything ! On u camera nothing
Good Morning! Make it a great day...
hey there !
Curt, HUGE fan. Just found out someone DEAR 2 ME has ALS (MGH) - If you see this PLEASE the best direct LINK 4 my involvement?
yeah! Haha. And the one that said "Just don't answer me then." what was that about lol
Seriously, very cool close ups and synopses of artwork. The detailing on the mummy wrappings is great.
Pavement and No Age touring together may turn out to be the stuff of indie legend. Can't wait for the Columbus show
RT : I could never have an office affair, I always have coffee breath here. << Double it!
Dude, who robs Walmart?
my last RT is so true, Haha.
not for the twitter world to know
Who Up besides me....
#iUseToThink I was the best rapper ever until I started producing music, now every rapper sounds like the 21 yr old me...to me.
You are a glutton for punishment! You still doing weekly marathons?
'Making Love & Money?' Sounds a bit like hanging a red light outside your window :-)
I'm a nutritionist
Yo mama so fat she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagon!
this is true but u have a bigger hill to climb if I stop playing in bed, nonetheless
you nigga you kno its true
RT : RT : Lord, bless our week. May we live the life we have imagined
hope you get better
Find me on Facebook peeps
Word! // RT : The morning is brightest when a thesis draft is finished.
I heard that they're trying to splice the llama eyelash gene into a human's, but they're running into a "spitting" side effect.
Loved Denali National Park--wild, remote, untamed, unchanged. just one road in, so access is limited. our backpack trip was stellar!
The things love makes you do...
sersleh! if i bring a sandwich it is over by 1030 am. foods needing to be heated may survive till 11:15
whoof what a day
hope you are well Andrew!! Cheers blake
RT : Advertisers are abandoning Rush Limbaugh. Where will Summer's Eve find a spokesperson now?
Awesome, thanks again!
Yay! Virtual hugs to you on a successful day.
- what's that smell?…
Given current practice, #vandy can't use online learning tools to capture #RCR lectures and use 1/2 day for the discussions. We use full day
I only ask one time
Does anyone want me to follow back ? i need to be following more #mahomies <3
Attend Hope For Firefighters this year and support Widows Orphans & Disabled Firemen's Fund!
Most obstacles melt away when we make up our minds to walk boldly through them. --Orison Sweet Marden
And now we follow you back. Thanks for the high praise.
Jazz evolved in the late 1800s when rustic field hollers began to incorporate synth bass, DX-7s, and QuadraVerb.
Put on MLB.TV on iPad since trumbo was coming up with 2-men on and howie Kendrick hits a 3-run bomb right in front of him... What a jerk
Working the Compassion booth at the Matt Maher concert at the Grove in Anaheim
utterly disgusted by the racist tweets ignorant bruins fans tweeted. their ignorance is appalling and embarrassing to boston & its peeps.
humans as property, women as humans
Cynthia Calvillo defeats Stefanie Harrison to win the rematch and the Rocktagon MMA 135 Title!
who know #codegeass? tweet me if you know #code geass
New product going up on ebay in a few hours! 'Going Green, Volume 1' - 4 graphical glyph fonts in PNG and PSD formats! Auction starts soon!
lol go to Disneyland on June 18 cuz I'm performing there.
Good morning! Coffee.Tweets.Friends.Business. Then to Zichron Yakov to skate and help a buddy. Joinning our team is a smart move right now.
Enjoy the words of wisdom from Regina Brett www.kgpt.com/our-blog.html
I'm not a #realtor but I farmed my 1st community today = 3 refinances fully approved for HARP 2. Unreal - no wonder why top agents do this
Kids - join in the fun of games, crafts, food & more @ the American Girl Doll Festival here @ the library, Sun., Oct. 9, 6-7:30pm!
Looking forward to Columbia Heights Day this Saturday!
Derek Sherrod!!! That's a big ass man!! Lions who??
I love summer ras!
Off to run errands, pay insurance, will be back soon.
Printed out my #CES agenda.
Four Exercises to Get Your Body in Shape for Kayaking This Summer
wow. What a commitment to pictures.
On the road to an event in roanoke, wv ooooooowwww
we are doing a global sale on burgers in all of our stores for $1 each on friday...you should stop by and try them!
Would pic swap with me?
course ya did. im 2 irresistable
and so the marathon called Comps study begins...
Go-live days are always exciting. Today will be great!
#GOLDRUSH Is on and the Dakota Boys are going to take it all
nope ur lying so no talking to me
Bored at school (:
Carrie Underwood, Reba Mcentire, the Flaming Lips..Who's next? HOMAGROWN SHOWCASE TONIGHT -Presented by Stinson Entertainment & Spy Radio.
yeah, not worth it.. im so excited my monster jam though!
Its your birthday today?Mine also:]
I speak my mind. I never mind what I speak.
good morning everyone gotta get a clock without a snooze button
u cooking?
who would watch if i strealmed
Good night. Thanks for the RT
Congrats! Way to represent Chicago!
Children and speak the truth.
You don't have us all pegged correctly. Assumptions abt groups of people r called stereotypes. Not helpful in fostering compassion.
I like how your Hanoi friend sums it up :-)
the fact that you replied gave me so much hope it's not even funny.
coming soon - Greed
help us get more followers! tryin' to build the hype before we drop the demo :]
Let's talk about SEX baby with - call in at 818-691-3243 ... listen in at www.radiokolamerica.com
Holy cow... tsunami is so sad. Thinking of Japan!
To Kill A Mockingbird.. Ohh how I dread reading you. Fuck you Mrs. Mcdugle!
Adele, is a Grammy Award winning English recording artist and songwriter she stole the Grammys this year is yours welcome back
Merry Christmas everyone! Hope its a good one. Especially to all you on the naughty list ;)
3 margaritas and sliders from 308 = a good Cinco De Mayo. No need to overdo it, tomorrow's El Seis de Mayo!
I just watched a dog pull a blanket around a yard at full speed..
TITA: If my last name was: "JAH" I'd name my son: GANGE #POW :D
My parents are like, if your clothes are too big just wear them! Lol bitch no I dont like baggy clothes.
Heard 's "Thing About Us" playing in Hallmark and got supa excited. and made it quite obvious that I was a fan
Last night was too much fun ;D
I have learned so much from !
NYC Happy Birthday USA #235Celebration on Intrepid's flightdeck last night!Fire boats&helicopter flyover&hot shot jets!Abundant WOW moments!
I learned Hennessy and enemies is one hell of a mixture
Why thank you. Do I count ? Psh, of coarse I do. Lmfao.
Lately I've been tellin girls "Prometheus has landed" when i come.
man I missed the video -.-
searching for a PeopleSoft Administrator for a project in Milwaukee, WI. Please call me at 414.203.2451 or email to .
iTunesU, now for K-12 too!
I know it's annoying
After receiving a new lead Thursday, police return to Rockport where 2-year-old Caleigh Harrison went missing but found nothing
this is true :) life's always better with a little petty ;)
wow on twitter?
dont play, I'm serious about this stuff!
I get trigger happy!!!!
Hey guys ... Great day auditioning hype guys and back up dancers today also ...audition privately for xfactor so wish me Luck.
Big changes 😁
Media/tech/social/Internet folks: What #IWNY events are you planning to go to?
I've been away from home 10 day. My 2yo in her play kitchen said she was making mongo beef from pae wai for when daddy get's home. Awww.
please RT: looking for awesome curators in following cities/states for : LA, Boulder, Vancouver, Austin, Miami, Tokyo, Moscow
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, we're through.
See. You CAN do English updates! "Hey...welcome to Amerrricaaaaa".
Eating Chick-Fil-A in Indy, about to watch and , life is good.
Are you missing Mudspot as much as I am?
Congrads lakers and bulls!!.. great wins!!
Thanks for the mention!!
If you get more attention from other girls your not getting any from me and we talking aha nigga please
new profile makeover :) tell us what you think!
I think that #icloud is acting up. Having problems connecting to the mail server.
Why do some girls brag about what their men got them? I used to brag about what I bought my damn self.
that's what we do. Online videos and political coups
Thanks for a great breakfast honey!
ya......just.....marty mcsorely stick incident worrys me
Excited to work with Sisters Vintage Party & Ann Marie Itschner Photography on a fun concept shoot in the Hill Country next week!
Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight <3....just a touch of the fire burnin so bright.. <3..
Final film geek thought vomit: Jody Hill is a game-changing auteur, Harmony Korine is a hack and I want to see more from Robert E Gunnerson.
Wen I walk in the Street alone I like to put freaky faces to creep people out lolololololololol
“: #Drake needs to make a new album!” That new shit that you got is overdue
Yes I just parked horizontal across Meridian (twice...both ways) to save baby ducks trying to cross
Love it, but I love all your quotes :) RT #AriaaQuotes Excessive emoting negates miracles
Exercise should be regarded as tribute to the heart. Gene Tunney
trying to figure out how to play best thing I never had on piano .. let's see how this turns out.
HA, no. RT : If the close out the , should get a pass?
Ugh I can't play with my game boy sp cause it needs a special battery
yeah and no its not lol but my friends that is a girl is coming
heeheehee, I just called Lily to tell her... I told her its all enter the ninja... and then she said, " yes, we can do that later." I <3 her
No, but he might as well :)
Time to leave the Dupont, WA Starbucks and find a place to sleep tonight.
Loving on the ACM's tonight!
Frank McCourt just made more money by screwing up the team and forcing a panic auction then he could've through a normal sale!
Celebrate International Bacon Day with #Bacon Rub Chicken Kabobs....
Had an awesome time getting linsane with had some reprelinsible views on higher ed though.
<== Happy New Year to "the" singer, and to all you friends & Twitter followers.
Crazy selenators,whose who tweeted her hate tweets..
I miss u
You can't tell me that LaRussa wouldn't come back to defend the title if he had a gaurantee that the Cards would re-sign Pujols.
Woodland Park, CO
Too busy with #pcbw but saw Sandy last night here. Where are your events, I can pimp. I am the #mediaho, remember?
Patriots v Colts today. I am hoping for good light. I am pretty sure the game is going to be a snoozer.
should reduce Peyton's suspension to entire regular season. This makes the appeals process seem fair but still sends a message.
That sweet 16 was fun(:
The UK "boycotting" oil from #Iran now is #Ridiculist in light of the fact they stole it in '53 when they illegally ousted
Who needs a quote for a delivery today. Just give me an opportunity! You can tell me NO! #ButIKnowYourSayingYES!
Wasn't expecting double OT from the scarlet knights.
It's a digital camera?... If that's what your asking?... We are inside and just tried out side...some thing
I really miss all those white guys from yesterday's track meet :'( i have never seen so many hot white guys in one place before
- you know we will but don't rush the end of summer yet! In due time, in due time...
You really should be here!!
Goodson in for Stack, Bala in for Waechter, and Klotz in for Piniero. Good to see Kayla Bala getting minutes again. Come on Bulls!
who there?
Linda just completed the most amazing deep purple necklace and bracelet set -- you must see this. Tomorrow 11-5 PM before its gone!
Looking at this lady with a heavy backpack walk up the stairs. Cant help but be proud of her and cheer her on as I take the escalator.
Happy Bday to A late happy birthday!
Love your new album! Can't find it anywhere in stores, so I'm listening to it online? Any idea where I could find a copy?
J. Howard Marshall II is my Elvis.
If I never moved back to NY I wouldnt be mad.
Cant make it to the #MilwaukeeWave game tomorrow.. But why cant I find anyone to use these tickets? For free.. Show your support Milwaukee!
Thanks so much for the recommendation! :-)
Thank u Jesus for allowing me to find my birth- fam after 38 years & nothing but love!!! I can't wait to meet them! God is so awesome~
Wade should be suspended for one game.
NHL goes from boring/non interesting to intense and can't miss during the Stanley cup playoffs
Visible Intelligence says: Chipotle line at lunch and Taylor Swift speech at vmas.
Like peas and carrots for all of us in our twenties.
just couldn't sleep. Like to avoid late nights. Not you at all.
Big s/o to Windows for having automatic shutdowns for updates. I didn't like those final three pages anyways.
LMFAOOO. True. Same for Hobgood. But if they connect.....
Hanging in line at NBC Studios for The Tonight Show!
happy birthday(:
thank you Gaby love ya <3
That Tupac hologram is insane, would love to see Biggie on that shit, but there's also something scary about it too.
Ha Ha Ha Love the dog!
Why do I insist on drinking so much water right before bed every freaking night? I'm hopelessly slow to learn.
But it beats the hell out of dealing with Cleveland-Hopkins.
There's one in harlem that is decent RT ": The Ethiopian restaurants in Brooklyn are effing horrible. Overpriced, small servings."
. can't wait to see you tmrw. says we're very lucky.
Nice loping hike at Lost Dog Trail today in Scottsdale.
Funding for treatment for mental health issues. It is no different than any other disease. Give them a voice.
dinner is served.
never deny your roots
convince the NBA to go back on strike.
Please read the previous tweet regarding the film, it's Pittsburgh screening and fundraising efforts for Autism Speaks!! Thx.....
My sister gone be here at 10 :D
headed to for #happyhour with !
You fool, you meant to text this to Beau.
Never felt so depressed and confused.
I think I might have it down to 1-2hours:) depends how I do my hair!
Star Spotting: Nick Jonas Holding Hands With Delta Goodrem. BRB, Crying Myself To Sleep
Watching 10-year-old episode of "Cribs". Ice-T's house is full of giant CRT televisions and computer monitors. He looks like a pauper.
#WOTD: what seats? RT : "these seats are whiter than a wilco concert"
Any 3D artists out there? We've got a ton of great 2D artists applying, but no sculpture, no metal work, no installation! Submit!!
Chicago's New Headshot is now using , it's a great way to organize all of your social media!
I grabbed the $10 getting started PDF from , and it doesn't look too bad. I'll definitely post about my experiences.
Good Night :)
you have no idea!!!
Still riding $CENX. Hoping it will fill the gap at $575-735. May be a bit greedy there though!
ill try to serve more than i drink. frank and the whale are my new true loves.
BLRM C - don't miss this RT “: up next talking about developping a 3D digital heritage ecosystem #saa77”
I'll be at SPAC & A/C. Maybe we can meet up & Par-tay ;) ;) nod nod. Leaving the kids home & touring with wife.
A blessing to hear Angelique! <3 Glad you enjoyed it!
Trained Spotter in Big Flats (Adams Co) reports 2.70 inches of rain between 9 pm and 9 am.
Holy awesome! Today went so well! Drums down. Working on guitar this week. Can't wait to share...
Outcry mounts over Florida shooting
Wow!.. #CelebApprentice is off to fast start.
It's been the same, and the story is getting old
Come out to Walnut Creek next time you visit. Plenty of good beer to be bought there, too!
Yep, even if that nerd is yourself RT "Be nice to nerds. Chances are you'll end up working for one." -Bill Gates
Sabine Books warmly wishes you and yours a Merry Christmas!
"Bros before hoes." "Yeah. But she's not a hoe and if you consider her one then you're definitely not a bro."
#DuringTheSummer I don't have to worry about anything.
Booking for the summer! If you guys know of any venues or places that we could play, let us know.
you would think I'd know better by now
We are rocking out now.
with j fees right?
Only willing to make him my dashboard Jesus until I see the sequel. Then maybe we go to the next stage.
perfect day courtesy ; teacher professional development meets media, meets story, meets heart
WEST WOOD OR NUN..AND YOU CAN RUN & TELL THAT!!
I see neopolitan ice cream. I will take a scoop thanks.
"I Have a Degree in Liberal Arts -- Do You Want Fries With That?"
And they score again!!! Yay Preds!
Knicks have actually played better team ball when amare hasn't played this season
Karoke Tonight starting at 9:00. Come by and play our new instant win game. 1 in 3 will win some great prizes.
U don't wanna know": ???? wat kinda sick."
WTH cant build iOS apps using Unity3d running on windows.
We also welcome photographer Lois Greenfield this week ... she'll be lecturing at 1:30 p.m. in The Hall of Languages this Friday.
Quiet you
Is the color on my TV bad or is Louisville wearing orange?
What you do today will leave its mark on history.. Which story will you be.. The one to follow, or the one to avoid! People are watching!
like us on Facebook www.facebook.com/tiaswaterfront
RIght? :) I need to find/meet , too! I sense a game of twitter marco polo..
haha I'm trying to one up Ben 29
I am really excited for the new #business #model we are going to roll out I think some #writers out there will love it
i'll lose to kobe any day of the week. i will never lose to that bitch boy in south beach
Done! Time to sleep then rage
haha but obviously you were not any of the people being a fag about it!!!!
Holy shit. Lady Antebellum's "Wanted You More"... Could not describe the last seven months any better.
to which the ref desk said, 'wah-wah-wah-wah-wah ... you're a jerk' [i know]
#FF To all my new followers with DYNPR!! So much to come, thank you again!
I review New England beers and ales on You Tube and I have become a part of the Twitter family. Yay!
just because there is FIVE that doesn't mean anything .
Oh the life of a bouncer. Apparently I'm an asshole for catching someone trying to sneak an open bottle of beer outside at bar close...
The rain does not help me sleep.
I'm sorry that I'll never be as fun in person as I am in drunk texts.
A taco bell should open up near us
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader— John Quincy Adams
I am not playing anything in Florida. I will stay here for the Venetian DS and maybe go to Commerce after. Take care!
Fresh squeezes juice is just one of the highlights in my day
Who owns an eSkillet? My boy and I were rippin his last night at the show. That's probably why I was really fucked up actually.
#ImThatPersonWho is always there for someone in need 
Jealous the stuff I have scene looks incredible!
on a scale from 1-10 rate your obsession with Britney ! haha
1st shipment of tees should be in this week! " When are you going to have some merchandise in your online store?! :/"
do not favorite my tweet ! It's not something to be happy about ! Lol
I would love to go to bed right now but of course I have homework to finish.. Summer can't come soon enough
Just finished up my body paint shoot...it was pretty fun...but a little sticky :-)
Garcia is a truly professional pitcher. He comes in with a plan. He knows what hes doing
How's everyone doing...its hott as usual in the great state of TEXAS...be safe and stay blessed ~DCK~
RT - Sounds like a good Indians crowd tonight in Arizona. Lots of Cleveland transplants I'm guessing.
hey batter in the tree, I'm a monkey look at me - ooh ah ah -> wtf kinda baseball chant is that?!
#ICA is kicking off the new season with Clarinet Kaleidoscope concert on September 18. Carl Nielsen, Johannes Brahms & Camille Saint-Saens!
Just wrote a 2 pg paper while listening to Birdman's album. The word "fresh" appeared 36 times, and the word "shinin" 83 times, respectively
Damn, just remembering them days when $20 wouldnt even fit in your gas tank, now that will barely get me out the driveway. SMDH
Interested to speak with other users of Autonomy MediaBin at
If you are getting lazy, watch James.
new business cards :) hello
There is only one step from the sublime to the ridiculous.
what seats do u have?! :D
They Need a qb who can stay on the field lolRT they need all the help they can get
Swarming with Orange at Likeable Media! RT : I'll be interning for !
Busy work and chores today. Then I'll start shopping and cooking for our SuperBowl Party! How fun!
A member of our site needs your advice about #wheelchairs 4 kids. Posted the ? on FB! www.facebook.com/knowledgesafari #specialneeds Thx!
i always fall for your type
i love my boyfriend my bestfriend my mom my friends
Fort Lauderdale, the 'Venice of America' is a famous city for tourists in Florida.
hey, please follow back, i wanna ask u some question
tell the The naked truth strip poker
Why is one eye smaller than the other?
You misspelled here in your Twitter name description.
San Jacinto takes a 4-3 lead over Paris on a RBI single here in the bottom of the 8th
i use to hate it too but its way better than fb...i got my twitter connected to fb i post here and it post on my fb pages
Hi Susan, thanks for the follow ;-)
Y U NO LAUGH AT JOKE😡
I am loving this weather!
Either way sugar is sweet #goblue RT : Should be a good one.
#LocalLove I love San Francisco because it's so close to the redwoods, nature and camping. I'm camping as soon as possible
Cool, stable air over SW and SC WI limiting overall severe wx: Large hail main threat as more storms moving in from NE IA.
I've had the pleasure of being on your source list. I'm sure you'll be using it and will look forward to possibly helping out.
Effectively slept through the rest of he day. :-(
If I'm following you. Please follow me! It's for very good reasons. Check out my profile!
.. hey Kurt, I think/My family thinks Your THE Best QB That ever been on the Cardinals!.
NCAA commercial had the UK logo on a dollar bill. Lol
A dog in the hunt does not know it has fleas. A man in the hunt achieving his goal does not know his aches and pains and the obstacles.
I hate when my dog watches me pick up his shit, I feel like his b!tch."
#iftheyshutdowntwitter my phone battery wouldnt drain as fast
#NowPlaying Would You Go With Me - Josh Turner<3
Night and god bless all :)
Praying :) Wondering if what I'm thinking about is really from God.
I'm not going to say I love you "more". It's too competitive.
I would totally have gone there too with the Coneybeare :)
Guess I shouldn't have been riling kitty up all day... Oops #yarncasualty rewound it though, luckily it wasn't too tangled...
TWEET ME YOUR QUESTIONS & I'LL ASK THE EXPERTS DURING THIS FORUM
I'm pretty handy with a wok
Thinking of changing my twitter name...
I don't care what anybody says the Diamondbacks are fun to watch #lovebaseball but they did get the best of my cubs
RT : The attacks are part of the foreplay to the talks.
#TigerBeatLovesASW All The Way is the name :)
Happy 4th of July!
decent beats and quality lyrics. If the lyrics are subpar, then the beat has to be decent
aw so sweet
And btw I got told the other say that I sound like Jenna Marbles! Minus the Potty mouth- I think they are right!
i'll come get it after my workouts tonight
Key areas of Presentation-Lawn,walkway,entrance,front door,rugs & window treatments.The house WILL sell with the right presentation!
Thanks for the RTs and the follow!
#FF these awesome people ~ for sharing light
If you get preggers out of Christlock, you should deal with whatever consequences such as breast cancer you get. Good for #SusanKomen!!!
The creepy dude who stalks girls around town found my work email somehow. What a freak. I guess this is the usual time of year for him.
FREE Web Promotion for musicians by www.webpromotion.com
You have to be part of the inner circle. Its usually someone that has been with the person since their first exec post.
Meek mills tape is gonna go down in history, the music lives up to the hype.
making it happen and I am liking what I am seeing
They atmosphere as thrilling here, as always
Just think about this....its not even the "Dog Days" of baseball where bad teams easily go on +10 game losing streaks.
We have great animal actor talent in #ABirdoftheAir & we'd love for u to share some of ur pet’s special talents! Twitpic if you’ve got ‘em!
true that. Love that life-long red head :)
I believe someone else already has. But thanks for responding!
RT Need flyer design,logo design,card design in 24 hour turn around... dm
I hate being sad, :/
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY CAN I GET A FOLLOW YET????
RT God is life so your life's purpose is serving God
i know!
#whycantyoujust love and appreciate me the way i love and appreciate you? without you my hearts in pain.... dont want to let go
I'm serious. Own it. I 'met' you when you were completing your dissertation and was immediately impressed w your discipline.
Visualization makes things real.
Of JP Morgan loss is no big deal to Mitt, it's only a few billion dollars after all.
great how did you actually renew energetic converstions
So much for my day gettn better I need to find a new crowd
Morning shower felt so good
Paraskevidekatriaphobia awareness! There are literally DOZENS of us!
Sponsorship deals for the web series "What You Can Do"
I'm sorry to hear that. How can my Institute make it up to you?
what is the song when the walleyes score?
It's almost as though Monday's coverage didn't happen.
So my Blackberry is not getting email just like so many others. At least it still has internet access and phone is working.
all lies and jests still a man hears what he wants to hear and disregards the rest
already exists! Coffee Shop of Horrors!
The Microsoft Nook? Hell, I'm for anything that MIGHT help resurrect Barnes & Noble from the depths of mediocrity.
Love that #MeganMcCarthy was nominated for an #Oscar for her hysterical role in #Bridesmaids. Look out Meryl!
Romans 5:1 5:1 Therefore, since we have been justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus.
whoever eat skittles one at a time kill yourself
resolution #1: must get bike. have total bike envy of these westsiders, cruisin' the boardwalk. i resolve to be one of them soon!
LOL, True, true! At least he didn't go to the Chargers or the Dolphins
Do you realize that posting stuff like this makes it more likely for people to watch these movies? Spite has economic value.
hahaha I'll text you one!
Why are u tweeting this to everyone?
you just made my day!! Thanks!
A wise man should have money in his head, but not in his heart.
“: got anything going on on Friday ?” 2 show fri night 8 and 10pm
Yes indeed. Gotta have games at a games unconference!
About to see a performance piece at Whitney biennial. Can't even tell who but it involves a piano
the same one you accidentally tweeted from last week, its ok... Most of you BA hide behind mult accts with fake names/pics
i actually woke up in the middle of the night saying "roxas" x) -nice move dude
Please Detroit. Let's not become too friendly today.
Kiwi at 2012 lows at 7740
hahahahaha I was going to attempt it, but I can't even begin to try.
first crack in the Crawford armor there; tried to bare-hand Tulo's high, slow chopper despite Tulo laboring down the basepath
That commercial for Transformers 4 was good!
:x lol when we don't need our brain cells of course ;)
