Which is your favorite Milwaukee sports team?
Thanks Amy! RT hells yeah!!! You guys deserve a million followers!! Amy xx
This traffic is crazy.
My wife was too beautiful for words - but not for arguments. ~ John Barrymore
I really want 2 watch that #LSU vs #Alabama gm tonite but #TBS is showing #Fletch2 at the same time.
Come join us at 7PM, 10/24 for an evening with Rosamond Bernier at the Menil Collection.Her new autographed book will be available.
Current searches: Sales Engineer with colocation and cloud leader. Project Engineer in Smart Grid technology. Connect to learn more!
thanks for the follow
When will the TV news networks start talking about all the falsehoods being told by these politicians?!? Network, not cable. They do it.
haha yea so worth it for the price though
what Is the mistake?!?
thanks for the follow bro!
Probably should go to sleep... Long day tomorrow. Plus school.. Night!
Talk about tough is as tough as nails. Get's a shot, laughs at the nurse and says.."that all you got". That's my girl.
Thanks! And thanks for following, too. PS: great blog!
Teaching is not filling a bucket, it's lighting a fire.
"The #networkedEconomy is all about the people, process and tools. It's about better business." - Kevin Costello at
does anyone know if is a good blog site? my wife wants to start blogging about anything and everything
Yes, the RSC budget was good, but did include some of the Ryan budget's weaknesses. Rand Paul's budget is the gold standard.
Chickie's and Pete's w for some world famous crabfries!
for sure!
my pleasure, thank you for yours!
If an alum was hoping to see Wiky coaches roundabouts lunchtime, where would she go in the Embassy Suites?
You make each and every day special
#wordoftheday Fatuous (adj) silly and pointless. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
#TwSIG Karl. transformation. snarky nature of the internet culture has been going on a long time. New topic Historians work with raw data.
Oh goodness!!! No good!
Well thank youu(: it used to be Harry Potter but i got softball coming up soo i changed it(:
RT : Are you at #ArtCrawl #71? Don't for get about our photo contest! Stop by and snap a pic of Ryan firing Raku Pottery.
#NiceHorrorFilms Scream and Halloween!
I am eating at the moment so I won't be hungry for a while...
i love catching ppl in lies!!! but oh well fuck it!
Yes I love you and I am happy that you like the flowers I am happy when you are happy I miss you so much
So long, MCA.
Fucking North Carolina!! Religion ruins lives.
I'm such a fuckin geek lol
You guys are the most awesomest. Great Work!
Hi Eggs!
maybe it will be alright the chef was better about it. I could have done without Miss Peanut Gallery, though. :p
RT : It kills that high-perform #nonprofits are losing funding. Need to support orgs that can show what they do works.
Checking out the new space for May event #awesome it's not open to the public yet! sweet place!
you should spend some of it in Hollywood, homo “: Soo ready for #Summer12”
Recording, business meeting, recording, phone conference, recording, reminding you that our album is on sale for only $5 'til tomorrow, etc.
ringalingling!!! hello!! Thanks for the follow!
Hanging with the monster.
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Kenosha on Friday night at Duke's Country Saloon!
it is what it is... ppl will see what Im saying when #InVitro drops
ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT! WE GONNA LEARN TODAY! Been a huge fan since I saw your argument in 40 year old virgin!
how much is that party Saturday?
watching teen wolf... again :) best music! Best actors! Best show! Rt please :) and come to new york!
If I win tonight I am still going to stay at my job..................Yeah Right!
whoops, lost my password for a few months... back at it now :)
Just got an e-mail back from a publisher we advertise with. The message: "Your welcome." Their not inspiring confidence in they're work.
I'm from DC, but my only baseball cap an Orioles cap!
Would love to DM you some info. Can you give us a follow so we can connect? Thanks!
thanks for following us!
I agree. I got the feeling that the author had not taught in quite a while. Many assumptions and miscalculations.
Happy birthday to Lou Reed
So the little boy upstairs from my mama decides to walk in the house and ask for a pen
You mean it's legal in the rest of the states to carry weapons at the airport...? Oh... that's not what you mean?
Working Americans need a stronger voice in Washington, thank you for having the courage to stand for #labor –
Watching Harry potter :) never get tired of it
Listened to Carnegie Hall umpteenth time. Uncannily flawless, devastating performance. Judy was totally in the zone.
#hth2012 talking about twitter while my twitter feed going nuts. I need another brain or two to keep up
#CIO Quote of the Day: "Great technologists make business people believe it was their idea."
Responded to VACATE @ 144-01 Lakewood Ave, Queens, NY 11435 and helped 2 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
So nasty! Off to class. >.>
Happy Birthday M aka: Slappington Blacktooth was the lap dances, and was 5 girls and you enough??
I could not agree more on tech and women
Victoria! haha i love the 'Freak the freak out' song (: when ever i see the commercial i start dancing and singing xD
thanks Michael, I'm flattered!
my arm is killing me ... as usual. Smh
Great Q&A session: Lots of mixed messages about statins in the news, thus lots of questions from audience.
RT It looks like the cast recording for is going to happen happen! I'll keep you posted. We're so close...
RT Make a difference! Build your reader's trust and earn loyalty by writing a quality, informative article for them.
An arbitrator wants Ron Frashour reinstated at the PPB. We'll have the details and reaction at 10&11.
yeah, well fit me into those plans a couple of times please! 😁
The Institute for People with Criminal Records is looking for pending appellate cases affecting people's reentry and rehabilitation rights
On my honor, I will try to serve God and my country - to help people at all times, and to live by the Girl Scout Law. yes??
I can't believe your at Jingle Ball! Would have went if I knew u guys wld hav been there! Luv JS!
exactly and it sucks that we can't use the Internet
and I don't have conversations with words it's all pictures ahahah we are FREAKS
So proud of for working so hard this weekend.
yo you dumb fool but I'm down if is. So what up tim 352?
My dream made me want to wear my new dress c:
omg please stop! I'm getting rather hungry!
Come to my Comedy Show Tonight!! 9PM at the NY Comedy Club on 24th Street (betwn 2nd & 3rd). If you don't laugh I'll babysit your kid.
Re-energized myself with a few sets of jump rope and squat thrusts. The easiest, most effective way to charge yourself up!
Taking a lil break from the music! See y'all when I get back
Would love to make something like this happen in Detroit.
In the studios writing with my new artist, Black Josh. The combination of jazz and R and B sounds good!
#sunshine in #newyork... Finally!
There is always some specific moment when we become aware that our youth is gone; but, years after, we know it was much later
Fatal Revolutions: Natural Hist, West Indian Slavery, & the Routes of American Literature by Christopher Iannini F'08 out from
This faith project <<<<<
I want the contingency of life, the unpredictability, the unknowability, the mysteriousness... -David Shields
*Side eyes*. Or personal beliefs. Same diff.
Can anybody from Twitter help me claim ? It is being squatted. I don't want to be viewed as a spammer!
You made my bad day much better. :)
Not sure why I still follow on Twitter but it makes me hungry every time they tweet. Miss those pepper bacon cheeseburgers!
RT "Yayy!!!" Yes :D Hope you are well.
Yes. I want everyone to be aware. I am getting hundreds of the same DM's from others
back in NJ and missing #HumNets already
Watchin awkward and the moment look awkward
Becaauussee .. you gotta go to work ?
You have four more days to submit to the contest and the journal. Submissions will be closed April 2nd, so get going!
#SometimesIGetsickof FAKE TWITTER ACCOUNTS SAYING SHIT LIKE "IM JUST A SUPER PLAYFUL GIRL LOOKING FOR A DATE THIS FRIDAY.." fuck off
On time for school 2 days in a row
S/o to my DJ his bday today hottest DJ in the city
I'm actually in the process of developing a presentation by the same name for next years SXSW.
I can say enough good deeds have been done for the night
it is my friend Natalie's 30th birthday today and she would love for you to call her & say HB. can you do that? She is a HUGEfan
Your brain is hot in what sense?
Anyone else hear either an explosion or super loud thunder in Georgetown around 8:45 a.m.? Trying to figure out what happened!
Making Our myspace look sexy as shit!
I want to go to SeaWorld but I don't want to pay $73!!!! goodness!!!
Shut up both of you
Watching "tough love"
He;s here finally I missed him to much
RT I was standing in the park wondering why frisbees got bigger as they get closer. Then it hit me.
cant wait till the summer
that's bullshit and I'm sorry. I hope you find something new fast.
Toots restaurant pronounced with an oo sound, not uhts sound. Also the oo in the word are highlighted on the waitress breast
Ended up goin 2 bible study
later. *walks off*
"Art is an attempt to revert from the disintegration induced by civilization to organic modes of being." E. R. Jaensch
People are so fucking weird.
hasn't happened yet. It's tomorrow at 11:00 in the convention center. If you're at Alamo 2morrow you can follow
Yes. Lets fangirl :D
I hate how my phone keeps buzzing from #Facebook messages because its my birthday
Please refer to my response to for details.
Headin home till graduation to see the fam...and visit grandpa in the hospital
Thank you:).How are you?
Coffee is on -- lots of new items in stock -- come on up Foster to the Indy Mart -- enter on 79th between Harold & Foster -- free cookies ;O
Fondue galore- need to be wheeled out of here- time to pull it together and head to the bars
They better put this online!
RT : .....and Merry Christmas to all who don't except Christ as their personal savior!
Though the lack of bike lanes in Upper NW doesn't really help. Sharrows on Van Ness were much appreciated. Thanks again !
No problem. We love your song "Crown Jewel" especially.
If you had a million dollars what would you do? LOL
Enjoying 's discussion on #Cisco #China's social media program at #ragancisco summit
Interesting, I just read the EU is suggesting Greece go bach to the Drachma. France wishes for a simlar suggestion.
Do you know what NAPA stands for? If not don't worry, I'm getting ready to film a video about the advocacy group so stay tuned
If he wasn't, he is now...thanks!
Movie Monday. Coming right up.
is genuinely nice guy who wants the best for Wisconsin, I am proud to support him
faith, hope and charity—the fountain of all righteousness.
LOL @ YOUR EPISODE IN PUNK'D. THIS IS TOO GOOD.
"America!" --Will Ferrell
"Don't be a Gumby." Flexibility is good but be specific about what you can do for an organization.
you guys are on at 9am and 2:45pm.
ANYONE suggesting 87, 71, 58 or 29 be traded needs to spend 5 mins in box with Engelland &/or Asham. Don't be stupid. Letdowns happen.
omfg im stuck i cant think of any #imagine tweet!!! -anna
Starting to save up my money to buy a gay present for her birthday! I hate you, making me spend my cash hahaa i love you T!♥
They didn't prep her for Darfur! Thank you Jesus and Goddess!
Haha - we speak many languages. Thug, sarcasm - the list goes on and on.
plans for eve? care to join a group of us for drinks/dinner?
I didn't just sent my parents a picture text of my cat with the words "happy St catricks day."
i'd love to see figure on android as well. I'll buy it for my ipod/ipad right now, but I'll buy it again when it goes on android
um. You can ask some of the other groups from today to help with your projects. They're pros!
Bernice King - significant that dedication had to move from Dream speech anniv. Time for us to move past it too. MLK more than that speech.
Every time I read the word 'sweetie' now, I hear Alex Kingston's voice in my head. Thanks
except when you're trying to lose, then it gets you nowhere
Yes, one of the biggest differences between online/on ground: degree of clarity needed in assignments.
Senior Skip Day? I think not.. Canoe trip with the homies
watch what???
Cant wait to see Thomas and cheryl in two weeks
I cant take you seriously when you have an egg as your picture! Get in the game Lacombe!
Companies now must disclose chemicals...after the fact.
RT RT : You need to change your Ads to America's most unreliable 4g network. Please Rt if you agree.
“It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.”
I'm liking this Warriors game. Not taht the W's are close but that former PG Patty Mills has 22 pts and 9 assists thru 3Qs
Thinking today that Levon Helm had a much better life than Richard Manuel.
What a weekend! Love you all!
If your didn't get to event last night,come by Gallery tonight and see this artist's FAB art!
You're so damn creative. I miss you so much, but luckily I saw Jo Calderone instead.
All of my favorites are now off #TheVoice. Thanks a lot #TeamCeeLo. Boo. I love for life.
Johnson grew up poor and saw the danger of income inequality. He also knew how to drive congress.
i'm done
Watching Chicago White Sox at Los Angeles Dodgers with Viggle Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Check out our Easter experience online now! centralonline.tv
Texting my professor asking him about what's on the final tomorrow, no big deal.
I am far too amused by 's
glad you are enjoying yourself. Try the Sweaty Betty Blonde! Yum
No because i dont own a car. and besides you should thank POTUS for declining gas prices due to crackdown on speculation
Did you know we are renovating our Emergency Department? Even better, our door-to-doc time is <20 mins. Short wait times!
uhm pri & kana never texted me cool i c u guise ;-)
tomorrow is perang ...
Y'all ready for this mixtape, tho?
And it wasn't even on silent so it's going to be going off all day tomorrow until I get there at 3.
tarot w/ traci right now at the shop
RT : Compared to Dad's funeral, this halftime show is overproduced.
Had the Commissary this week... good! Sweet. I did not, however, slap mah mama.
In my mind, when I think of QBs, they will always wear
F' you detox...I won't give in to my hot bubbling cheese desires but the icy dinners are making me bonkers!
promises , i hope i never break them
Omg I'm freaking out! Did they seriously jut kill Claus on #vampire diaries ! I loved him =(
I hate myself noww. Why did I say that..
Spent the morning looking at new curtains for the ACM School. Went with avant garde blue. That's the real color!
how can money stolen from Americans "help" America? Not that the GOP is any less a thief than the Dems...
There is finally a verdict in the Amy Senser case... judge will read it at 3:10pm
there's no such thing as a heat fan, just a sell out
You just don't know who your real friends these days,... THAT'S BULL !
all done just let me know when you want to work
Acting is the work of the imagination.
The shit I just read that happened in Kokomo made me sick that my hometown is doing shit like that. Makes me sick!
flip in between the commercials broseph
Today's #CovertTU word: LEGEND – the faked biography of a deep-cover agent.
i think you should grow a mullet. no? just a option
Can't believe LA Tech is playing TCU in a bowl game. Maybe the world is ending next year.
Left Hand Brewing Company is bringing Milk Stout Nitro to Milwaukee Brewfest. Can't wait! Only 25 more days!
You Rock Jaered, thanks for the shout out. :)
Brunch at the Taphouse!
is curling my hair, and basically burning the shit out of my scalp. Hate you bestfriend.
WHOA! Think that martini glass is big enough? Thanks for the follow, and I love Bombay Sapphire as well. My gin of choice.
okay you better reply to
diplomaz r overrated! Duh... *wink*
Senate votes on cloture to limit debate/amendments on Small Business Bill. The #JOBSAct is not perfect, no doubt, but it's moving forward!
My month was made when I got the new in the mail today and it's all about #branding!
A win is a win. Hopefully the Hec Ed crowd brings a lot more intensity against Northwestern.
Coding a new website that will include an updated portfolio section with the latest and the greatest! Stay tuned.
Woo. Send it!
Help me get past 365 followerz!!!
Last weekend to experience! RT : Off to to speak with children on their experience with Follow the North Star.
!!! RT : We on the 3rd floor come get patriotic with us!!
Hahah, I Feel Great!! ;P
here are the rules. picture must be from today. so in the picture you must include todays date and something with in it.
When you love what you want more than you hate what you have, you'll stop complaining about what is and start creating what can be.
I don't kiss nobody's ass .
and have some good points in relations to Q3
Excuse me miss Mary J but some good boys are fun. I'm 100% anti bad boy.
it'd be worth it. Where are you actually from?
Invading someone's privacy is going a step too far. Privacy is what keeps people sane. They'll make it public when they're ready...
he is not against gay people or gay rights. He is just not in favor of same sex marriage.
when I look in the mirror you're the only thing I see :)
Did you start with corn grits or the tubed polenta?
you've got the formula down pat.. Keep it up for as long as you can..
I Wanna Know Where The Gold At??
i have to go<3 goodnight!
“: I really wanna know why laker fans talking lol. Ain't even got a win yet lol”--lmao
Having a blast at my event today in Monrovia, CA. Met Olympian Gold medal winner John Naber! I got to wear an OLYMPIC GOLD MEDAL!
Too tired to function. -_-
WOW this GBT deal was basically just a redistribution of wealth to please the masses.
to give u a lil bit of insight to what those Americans are going through....
Back to jersey
So damn good! I see you're reading The Hunger Games, I just started the second book
Ubaldo Jimenez on the show Wednesday! Big lineup next week, have a great 4th!
don't we all...enjoy the weekend.
lol maybe she didn't think she would have to get up the entire show & was caught off guard haha
Thanks for the follow, and Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Goat Empanadas!!!! They were delicious!!!
I gotta new Video Page make sure to add it to your friends: www.myspace.com/kkalvideo
I am looking for recommendations of books about China. I have read the histories by Spence and Faibanks/Goldman.
Find people
honey badgers who is my team playin sunday?
Listening to Omarion on the way to PDX lol
Best. Tweet. Ever.
We'd have scored if Scott Sealy was still here...just kidding.
At 's Rudis art show opening, DJ is killing it with favs for the 30+ crowd. Come check out the great prints.
There's money in them couches, couple ounces for the wake up.
looking for more team players to add to our staff msg me for more info
Tonight we'll be discussing music news on #21CRadio tweet chat! Join us in an hour and watch for ticket giveaways from
did someone say theatre? What is this :) ? We've been talking bout an outing for awhile now
been texting all day...
A day without seniors
We still have to go to Atlantic City though lol
Bahja (i think)
Have good weekends everyone •Palm Sunday (Sunday, April 1, 2012) •Good Friday (Friday, April 6, 2012)•Easter Sunday (Sunday, April 8, 2012)
Ready to #Win a FREE rug for your home? Simply follow and RT to enter!
My suzie is the BEST!!!! Love her
oh I'm sorry :/ it's that maybe he is sad because you are going to Texas :/
I will be the first and second buyers on Etsy for the digital print of your typographic painting. cc:
you went to WhataBurger then SubWay. What about Olive Garden? (;
I haven't been to B&BW's in ages! I so miss it. <3 True love.
Great evening in store tonight; game seven of the World Series, then going with my sweetie to see
Caught my first bass of the year! Ready to go watch this #B1G tourney victory.
:) I love dejah
Working on an order for Joseph-Beth booksellers. They are doing a buy local section at their stores&they will be carrying HaloMiner things!!
Ask him about health care.
Why is it called "menopause?" Shouldn't it be "menostop?"
Don't let me get in my zone!
Should never have gotten a doctor off the redline. I'm never getting to work
sweet! Then we highly recommend Breaking Bad, it's almost as badass as Dexter.
so are we!
Get your fancy on with a Filet Mignon, one of our dinner specials tonight as well as a Roast Prime Rib Panini and a tasty Steak Stir Fry
Good Question! RT : You live in Chicago and you're wearing a Heat jersey? How are you still alive?
I'll be sure to try that.
miss u too my bebe!!
Thank you. Great to be connected!
College Football is a straight up Fraud
Gun Man at VT campus?! WTW??? what the weet?!
we'll have to do something like that again soon.
Hi Janet :)
Amazes me gun totin' religious ideologues seem to ignore key Bible passages like this… turn your weapons into plowshares.
Remember happiness is a way of travel, not a destination.
Off to rent car for conference & sitting with cast of Hangover. 6 guys +groom on way to bachelor party. Hope not at our hotel!
Is there a schedule for when these will be installed city-wide?
H3y w$ r0ng?" ........Obviously your education.
Hope is was a good 1
ok then I'll make sure when we are on the cruise that they feed you spoiled food! Hahaha All I know is y'all better be safe
that is an april fools joke i know it!!!!!!! :p
Oh yeah, #approvedbythedean. Keep me posted for real. Also I will be in touch with in the coming weeks about a gr8 opportunity
You got madd talent. I am a fan of yours. Go far, go very far!! You have my blessing
yeah that's what I was thinking!!!
haha you're welcome:)
I Thought Crushes Were Suppose 2 Be Fun ? Not Hurtful <|3
#100thingsilove FOOD. Oh, don't get me started.
glad you're okay! Hardest hit I've seen in some time. Smart move with the hands off the wheel!
Really that's just tell me u insecure and dnt trust me
#lifestinks when you only have 2% battery and it's dark.
S/O to our Friend he's doing big things!!!
So very true! Acronyms can become maddening on occasion : ) --> RT : Writing about healthcare + technology = alphabet stew.
Happy Monday Chicks!!! Be Productive and BE CHOOSEY!!!!
As a #designer I fail to see the need in 10pt fonts on bumper stickers. I'm blind, you're a conservative religious nut. I get it, I get it.
Miss you already. : Cherry Bye to Claudia today :( and Welcome to Joe D'Amico and Daniel!Hope your time with us is memorable!
I can't believe they are still trying to teach us stuff this late into senior year.
he's a gamer... dude, 3 other kids I coached are up this year... MLB 2012 will be fun to watch!
awww. I like you too.
You should draw Optimus Prime :) haha
What's up world!!!!
hilarious!!! “: Please follow and read his Clooney/Obama dinner tweets. #Killing”
i do good work in this class and she says it's scribble scrabble, some kid in class draws a straight line and it's a master piece WTC ?! -.-
Just swam in a quarry. New thing for me.
Shout out to bc I love my mom! ;) Lol.
guided meditations are the shit.
What did you shoot out on the #golf #course today? Post your scores!
~ Cool running's.. Its our BIRTHDAY June 6! Lets chat soon..
The construction at Fenway Park is about 2 months behind schedule, but I'm sure it will be ready for April...overtime?
I wanna go home and sleep!
Going to school
That's y I try to support GOOD music or in my option I think is good music!!
If the Patriots lose I will be
Really need to start my summer reading :O
What did you pray for today?
I'm really not an asshole or a bitch it's just that people do shit that annoys me.
Yes. Drives me bananas.
TONIGHT 90.7 8pm "Pack of Lies" a #ColdWar thriller, wIll leave u asking: what R the nice people next door really up to?
Sweetie you are far from perfect so please get that snobby stick out of your ass.. thanks : )
"the things you own, own you" - Papa Roach
#USAirways sucks! 31 hours of traveling and I'm still not home because of their ineptitude. But hey, at least they were rude, too!
Bill I hope this is real. Please give more details.
Yep, looks great! Thanks for the work, you saved me the time and trouble!
I haven't received any confirmation that Samoans actually do the Humpty Hump. Until such time, I cannot include them.
Whats poppin? Need address to send. Will u b able 2 take pic & send it to our website. We want people to c & experience BMORE!
It's Fat Tuesday! Gettin in one last because Caffeine, Chips, Cookies & all BAD Cs are gone for Lent. Life is O:-)
Oh my goodness #RandallCobb, do your thing!!!
imma buy you 9 roses ..8 are real and one is fake...y 1 fake one..cuz i'll keep loving u til the fake one dies <3<3
Key word being "HITTER" or should I say the lack of being one!!
Yes ! Ahaha ; D
RT Proposal sent. Now the waiting game <whatever it is, you already know its yours!
Wrong link for South.
The very first Olympic race, held in 776 BC, was won by Corubus, a chef. #odd facts
#Avengers for the 2nd time, I just can't get enough.
Pumped that my question about maternal health was picked to be addressed at the Student Summit
#nercomp12 I'm still unclear about how connectyard is being positioned
Hows everything going at Relay so far?
I'm sorry, but I don't know what happened with WSJ. Is it about Amazon?
Smash mouth!
you know how we do ;) I love not remembering them!
Think you've been hacked, brutha.
There is nothing on TV so I know I'll be bck sleep soon
My Imperfections
Deadspin headlines for the win. LOL
Foul or Defend Celtics make it work.. is smiling
#walkingdead was crazy ... for once I'm speechless with joy
Your obsessiveness.? Yea it's getting annoying .
After watching RHOA tonight I lost all respect for Cynthia. She deserves Peter's bad attitude with her shallowness. Trashy show!
Just had a great strategy call with board of directors regarding how to help religious leaders across the country speak out...
only freshman or sophomores tho.
Can Mormons be werewolves? Should someone write a book about this? Can it include President Lincoln and Nancy Grace?
dopeness... I'll be there this coming week
oh the Mcoupe. Thought you were asking about the m3. To be honest idk I havent driven it over 115mph yet
lets see them thangs for real lmfao
And that as a result, art's relation both to politics and to itself remains opaque. Its horizon of possibilities seems infinite
how to make stuffed chicken breast
thanks so much for the mention! you rock trinity!
That moment when your best friend asks you if she can come over your house at 10:41 at night!
You know theres a new series about Sydney right? The first book is called Bloodlines I've read that too it was pretty good
yeah but i have a lil more time for my paper... dont u gots a paper to write? lol
OH of the #foodtour at just now: "I had no idea they had great food like this here!"
nah. Busy.
yes just hope it dont go out
#SLA For all the attempts of 2.0 promo, why do we still have to fax to SLA a change of Chapter form and pay 18 bucks for it? Bad form!
Too hard to tie.
I don't wanna talk about it...
And theres our first anal beads reference of the evening.
In #love, it's not about moments in time, it's about the timeless moments
Retweet mode for me this morning....such good advice on Twitter today...Mia
would love to add ours! :)
Great. You are bragging about your use of threats and intimidation against those who you disagree with.
Handing out Boh Drupal t-shirts at #drupalcampmd we'll have them tomorrow too
Just finished my last final! I'm coming home soon my beautiful San Diego people.
Went to Red Lobster last night,then went grocery shopping.Goin to Texas Soon To record with Colin Dalin.
"If you'll spend 1extra hr each day in the study of your chosen field," said Earl Nightingale, "you'll be a national expert in 5 y or less."
don't worry! Your amazingness will shine through no matter what time of the day!
lucky bastard.. lmfao
cute shoes where u get them from
MT : visit with Manning has gone well so far. He and the Broncos will continue to meet Saturday morning. It's serious folks.
Bitch please
Isn't it ironic how I Love tea now?
that kid grew up... and made Party Monster. O.o
Shit wait. IS THAT JOSH NICHOLS?
A Best Director lineup that includes Malick, Scorsese, and Woody in the same year is just fine by me.
I'm so excited for shrimp & grits!
lol no! my dad doesnt like online shopping :/
Don't forget to stick around for the exciting Pecha Kucha event featuring Lawrence Block, Gergory Maguire, Donald Crews and others!
When you understand he doesn't love you, you will want your friends back. I won't be there.
Wieters can't be run on. He just can't.
...this Trayvon Martin case may have possibly just saved many lives. operative word here is ‘possibly ‘ those in know, know, don’t we now?!
Time to dual boot this MBP w/an OS capable of dealing with audio like an adult. Hello debian, my long lost friend.
Well that simplifies the picture. Do you think they all know their vote? If so, why don't they just vote?
So tired. Why did you make me do this??? :P haha
Happy mothers day to all the moms on here. Have a great day!
Who's excited for the Grand Re-Opening and 1-Year Anniversary party tomorrow?! Food, prizes, classes, and competitions!
LaNell Turner and the Pearl of Wisdom Foundation is hosting a weekend prayer/trade show at the museum this weekend. Welcome back, Ladies.
S/O to the stock market got cashhousemusicgroup pockets looking nice Grind no Shine
Spent the last $9 in my wallet at Aldi. Basil, tomato, mozzarella and crackers...and I rode my bike there. I'm a dirtbag, but a fancy one.
Some space avail at Dobbs Tonight! Email ASAP
We can fix that! DM me your size and address.
Open Hours at #OGStudio tomorrow 830-1130am and Wed 830-1230. Come with your ideas, an open mind and willingness to #collaborate!
"Hannah and Her Sisters" is a great film by Woody Allen. Check it out.
Did an effing good job on my #TV interview today! Time to ask for a raise...
happy turkey day, tweeps!!
I still call my mom when I've had a bad haircut. #Don'tJudgeMe
Just crunched it so hard while watching tv as cady groves would say. I always say one minute more when I excercise. Makes a difference.
anytime you want brotha
Mom and Tim have landed and are off to the beach! 3 more hours until I can start my long weekend with the fam :)
Just saw HUGO in 3D. Best 3D film by far. See it on the big screen. Your eyes will thank you.
can #Xtina eliminate herself?
was rockin tonight. We had a great crowd. All the ladies worked out our new teacher Abraham.
Congrats on the home ownership. Welcome to the neighborhood.
haha yeah, well it was just there so i was like. why not read it .
lol..they told me that today and I was thinking, what an awful thing to do to you seniors...LOL
Awesome! :) RT : Am loving my revisions! Here's hoping I still think they're good tomorrow!
Love Green, but No. 2 ranking amongst WRs is taking a rather big leap of faith. 75 rec/10 TD probably ceiling in '12
Thanks to and for comments about my new book. I appreciate it!
do you like what the first season of nxt did on raw ?
My alarm clock will be going off in exactly 2 hours and 35 minutes. How can that be legal? -___-
We've lost manufacturing jobs in 10 of the last 11 years. Gin.
Email spoofing is suspected, please use "" or "" - JDG
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements can eliminate the stress of financial and other issues between spouses.
Nice! Perfect timing to get the Gatorade dump!
Welcome back riders
. no were going to process across milwaukee ave to medill where trucks collecting metal drive through at race car speeds
YAY no more cramps :) THANK YOU LORD
if you're really worried you can play vs AI on a dummy account, then restart to play pvp at lvl1 w/ the basics under your belt
mclouth don't suck for once please
Yes! Beautiful skin makes for better days!
Bazillion credits is easy till finals week
It took you, what, 5 minutes, to get sick of hearing about the death of an important writer? Classic Nathan.
It's Kathy's dad (the girl that owns the house next to ours). He's mowing her "lawn".
solo un mes!!!
I love Jake and Selena's friendship.
did you record their takeover of letterman too? it looks so amazing. so amazing
nice mate…good luck with it and stay in touch!
further proof that great design is a bargain.
The Paula Abdul of the NFL, Jon Gruden picks Jets and Giants to win division. Jaws just called him out, as a homer on a national broadcast.
: Readers , Vanessa Carlisle, Brad--I forget the 4th. I'm co-emceeing. We have no FB invite yet--yikes!
I'm 's #1 Girl b/c I strive for the best, work hard&support MB i believe thats mindless #SWRVSpaceMB swrv.tv/sweeps
for a sec I thought we were talking about Mr. Beal, I was like why didnt I get an invite to the 1am pickup game lol
All I care about is money and the city that I'm from I'ma sip it till I feel it I'ma smoke it till its done
Presidio, my old friend, we meet again...
Ah yes, excellent point. Where's Will Palmer when we need him?
Q1c #PR is the editorial side of marketing,PR helps your brand report the news and be the news
I know! Same here!
hmm- it got slammed for a while there- might have just been slammed. Please let me know! Thank you so much-
Terrible! RT : Can't believe I missed my sisters first Penn Relays race :(
that is nice 2 hear. I've done several speaking engagements talking about life to an Autism sib. I would like 2 do more.
Wow, that link had a lot of redirects! lol :) It was a nice ad though! Take care, talk soon!
You're crazy. Haha you're the gorgeous one! 😘 How is good ole' Columbia?
Season ticket holder event
On average, you'll
My family is everything to me. Fuck with them you fuck with me.
horrible team! celtics baby!!!
Welcome to Twitter!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP<
Def a great #UPS spot RT : Loved Duke/UK one I saw, though I seriously question your judgment in schools. :)
In my experience, there's no such thing as luck.
So what exactly is ?
Yusss, it is! #cheers! RT word of the day for lunch specials is....screwdriver!!!!!
Great coffee! My favorites are the Dark Chocolate Latte and the White Chocolate Latte! Tastes great! Great to see you online!
Did you hear about $1B for Instagram? :D
yes, it is.
I'm gonna laugh when you get pregnant! Like really hard, not just a giggle.
#LegendaryTheMixtape Coming Soon!!
Sign up yet to ride across the big bridge? Yep - Bike the Bay coming up August 28: 25 miler - SD, Nado, IB, CV, NC and back to SD-muy cool!
we gotta go to the club when I get back i got my nails done my hair done n some cute outfits we gotta go whine up pon sum guys!
So you had swapped fries for a salad, but now you're having dessert. I like that kind of responsible!
Consensus for Saturday has a win with Nuggets and a push if U got Jazz late or a win early with last 6 posts now 13-3-1
thanks man. Keeping at it is the hardest part. My homie has me doing this 100mi/100days challenge So I'll be back at it tomorrow!
lol i love doing that
Key Framing & Intro & Outro Text Class This Week With Final Cut Pro And The Team ..
I know Moorea is ready, are you? Its my favorite day of the week..Saturday! n getting ready!
Making donuts with the ladies... Much fun!!!!
that show is ridiculous! The episode I saw the girl had a dress about 10 wide with moving butterflies lol!
Our website is undergoing some changes, looking forward to bringing you a bigger, better site soon!
Good morning #Phoenix! What's for breakfast?
So apparently the library isn't the 8th gate of Hell... Who would have thought?
good for her!!!!!! sounds like a very wise young lady with a good head on her shoulders:)
I so need to quit too. It makes me nervous just thinking about it.
I never understood why the vampires and werewolves didn't get along. It seems like they have a lot in common.
Happy Thanksgiving from the Beauty Call Family to yours
- It was actually very interesting and very well done. It was a modern interpretation using motorcycle gangs.
#webinar on How to Captivate and Engage your #Constituents with your #Website hosted by #firespring Got to love
Nice view of the tip.
Bugaboo #Strollers on display at Sydney b. Choose from the luxurious Cameleon or the stylish Bee design. We offer #accessories too.
I don't think Coffee and Cigarettes actually "worked"
trying to drop a new track or 2 this week, sorry i've been busy! happy cinco!!
The desires of the world are fleetimg, but the promises of God are eternal, which will you seek?
It was the 40's. War. Women hit the workforce. Fashion designers dared ask 'Wouldn't it be funny if we made hats that looked like vahoohas?'
Wild Wednesday starts at 3:30. The game of choice continues to be LoL, but we have a wide variety of games if you'd prefer something else!
How did rap music go from so good to so dry?
- are you following yet?
you too!! Feel better!
“: hey cutie wanna follow 4 follow? :)” #done || now make it happen! Lol
Life has never given anyone lemons.
The Bugman was a hit during the Dormont Street Fair!! Don't forget to post your pics kids!
where u at !
U R such a lucky man!
Hungry in the middle of the night
I would of enjoyed that story better it it would of mauled him to death.
Dude...this Vikings drama is bullshit.
Okay so how did you get all of those followers? You don't have near as many tweets as I do ......
RT : RT : Friends with boats are a very valuable summer commodity.
Wow - great timing w/ j bontempo's talk - so much info - great job!
I wish I was eccentric instead of brooding & disenganged, but at the same time outgoing, energetic and willing to make a difference.
I love you! <3
Instead of McDonald's, my brother and I bought Checkers. No regrets.
Have you tried going by his shop?
I sassily say "I don't see no ring on my finger!" to myself everyday because I don't wear rings and I'm alone.
how does a blind guy do math doe :o
Anyone else feeling champagne right now?
Hm. Was this fixed? What was the problem with the computers?
Excited for baptism service Sunday at #FaithWV, just recorded last video, unless someone else wants to "jump in!" #Matthew28:19
you must first have a soul to qualify for a soulmate
canvas panels are a buck a piece and come TRIPLE PRIMED?! Why wouldnt i buy a million of these oh yeah i did
owl city (:
lol it's all ya fault
1st Tee. Fowler hits driver right down the pipe. Mahan 20yds behind. Woods hits 3Wood, fairway. Better shoot 70 or less Tiger.
Beers, man. Making weird words wrong for forever.
Everyone should have a coach, I'm off for a full day of intense training w/ mine today.
Why do everybody think that Daisy Dukes are for them!!
album 16 tracks
Thanks! Wine love!
Though I suppose Boyle's injury made that possible -- swapping one BC guy for another
... slamming? They just started rolling up.
fwm when u see me mama
We're LIVE right now with Ben Cina Trio! Http://massiverocketradio.com
"Happily ever after?" We did 2 corporate events with Fairy Tale themes this month. New trend?
Favorite restaurant in Austin so far?
fam new video going up tonight..IT looks good 2 FAM!!!
I'm ready to hit 'follow'. This thought has inspired me to put on Bee Thousand for the first time in awhile.
not gonna lie, i really love working :). feeling productive!
: PR team gave the go-ahead for the "Eat Crow Baby" banner.
what has been your best professional experience?
Why don't I believe in this flu shot?
“: y'all won y'all 2nd game?” yea we closed out... Double Ot
you jus mad im finna pass you :)
Travel Deal: AirTran--Columbus to Orlando $222, Columbus to Fort Lauderdale $228. Good thru July 4th.
i love being woken up on a sunday at 8:30. so much fun.
me to. Which team do you have? I'm working with industrial recycling
Proposals to finish, orders to pack, and events to set up #busy day #productive 😄
I would guess that the interactions portion of twitter us not currently working
J Danforth Quayle~ People that are really weird can get into sensitive positions and have a tremendous impact on history.
Downloading "Toy Story" from the iTunes store to my iPad
I think the secret to a good restaurant is this: amazing staaaafff.
My humming sewing machines blew a fuse. It feels good to give employment to others. My electrician rushed over to save the day.
I love she's the bomb...
my latest follower--I am obviously being punk'd by someone :)
Late once again (stupid busy yesterday), but one time for Dick Clark.
: What you tryin to do? Lol
I think The Handmaid's Tale is required reading for life, but the rest of her stuff is so awesomely dystopian. I love her.
Yeah that is cooler as it retains to the person instead of the car... I think I'm going to get a big ol' D sticker and T-shirt
RT : Missing Newt already. Maybe he can be Secretary of Lunar Housing & Development.
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer49
i volunteer as tribute! Lol :)
YOU ARE THAT GOOD LOOKING!!!!!
Eric dill has the hottest voice ever ! Im listning to his cd right now :)
I have no clue what to do.
Exactly RT : RT “: Ball so hard NFL want fine me $$” but first they gotta find you..
Wants it
I'm just dying for a subject change.
on a Tuesday? It's very very late. What's prompted the drinking?
follow back so i could dm u
I'm doing my job i dont care what people think about me
wow. just watched 's set at #iccasouth and if they only placed 3rd i can't imagine ' and ' sets!
Dance mom's is a ridiculous show.
The grabbing hands, grab all they can...
i wasn't complaining! :D
ha that's a good one
My dad gave me random quiz on addition right now? Okay then.....
True. I'm sure they'll try Adcock/Teaford/Mazarro first before they give in. I'd say after ASB.
Hello November!
Thanx! Might havta go see it! :) Have a great nite!
just filled with excitement to see you!
haha good idea
Bull frog is what the lifeguards on the beaches in Florida use!
I hate when you're at a friends house and all you can think about is that good ass food you got at home! 😢
Working on the new album! Can't wait for you all to hear it!
Though I otherwise love much of the East Coast, on Sunday nights I hate it. Screw you, Earth's rotation.
What if we're wrong?
I think you are all taking that tweet too seriously ;)
Praying for your Dad Jenna, and his speedy recovery :) XOXO
UNbelievable fellas
Just read your post where the kiddos broke your feelings. So sorry. Kids can be jerks. :( I for one know you work your ass off.
Blu rays releasing Feb. 21: J. Edgar, Tower Heist,
it does
Heading out to see Motley Crue/ Poison this evening VIP.
My coach is going to kill me tomorrow
fuck loyalty day!
Everyday is a chance to get it right
Aye 59 yards
my interview?
Can't sleep
Yeah it's looking slow for going to sleep tonight but watch me end up falling asleep anyway
Day two Converge21 USA message last night by Robert Morris on person of Holy Spirit. U can view live
Every time we open our mouths, people look into our minds. - Anonymous
But I'm also probably the most nonjudgmental person you will ever meet.
“ Are u actually fucking kidding me right now? #fucku, #ihateu”
Dude that was a freaking Bad Ass dunk on Portland last night. I vote for Dunk of the year!!
how are you louis?
Seeing Let's get this party started!
me up
i love meeting new people ^--^ <3
teacher sent us 111 pages to read for class. #goodone if you think anyone will read past page 2
If that doesn't work i'm gonna stuff her into a potato sack, throw it over my shoulder and run away as fast as I can.
Chalmers got 25 that gives him what 30 in the hole series lol
Marc Ecko's formula for AWEthentic connections........panel this morn.
That is strange. Facebook or Twitter automatically generates the link. I guess something broke on their end.
It looks like good weather is coming our way this weekend. Have a great one everybody.
Fuck all the damn things.
I want cereal. . But no milk! -_-
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina Sex and The Vagina.. Follow me
Determined to get this Dip-Sop draft done in the next few days. Expect some #PrimarySourceCode posts to follow.
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides. David Viscott
Drowned In the pussy so I swam to the butt.
Rachel said YES!!!!!! Love Finchel!! #glee forever! :)
It is time the government put the power and $ to what is important, teaching the children to be better than us through education & religion
Hey, cover girl! Another excellent piece. Missed you too...I was on vacation, then got sick the day after returning, ugh!
Bobby Valentine doesn't eat honey, he chews bees.
It's perfect Spring weather here in Philly! Are you able to wear a Spring-inspired ensemble where you are?
i wanna give a s/o to my nephew jayden happy bday homie(^_^)!!
Watch the Mavs choke again...
Here we go
I know right! Lord knows she's on everything else!
And, if you wanted to give your inner teenager an outing, Anna and the French Kiss by Stephanie Perkins (1)...
can't retweet you but I'm saying same thing
ok, you're on.
I feel like a jerk.
I wish I had friends.
,Good Morning my friend
Thanks a lot!
I want you to kiss me like you used to but this time.. I dont beef red you to say u love me I just need u happy
Whatever it takes...
lmao you silly.
Happy 1st Anniversary! One of my fave restraunts in town!
RFOLMAO ! ! ! ! Best tweet of the poker day
kinda like take the kids to Disneyworld and leave em in car. Foster is a
Thanx to everybody who support and follow Merciless Umbrella....... We ain't nothin without ya'll......... Much Love
why am i still working right now?!
Braun being un Braun like today. Twice RISP. First AB was a SO followed by a ground out.
Any teams interested in an E League Softball Outfielder? Put a bug in JD's ear for me. I'll take a 10 year deal...
The end of my first year at Berklee - "Can I just stay here forever?!" The end of my second year - "Can I just graduate already?!"
All men long for the day when we can send spunk via phone or text.
#boston #rainstorms #mayflowers?
There is a girl here with no pants on.
RT - NFL Jacksonville Jaguars RB Rashad Jennings (concussion) returned to practice Sunday.
When the workroom says it will be done and its not:/
#MarchMadness bracket not too shabby so far. Close one w/ 'Cuse but glad my #Elite8 pick finally got itself together... against a 16 seed
‘Abdu’l-Bahá is having dinner at the home of Alice Barney-Hemmick and her daughter, Laura Dreyfus-Barney.
I am back on Twitter again, after a long absence. I'll keep you posted with wit and wry! Many twisted my arm to do so, and they succeeded.
Still banging that #Undeniable mixtape. Shits fire.
RT : Listening to new the mixes of next album.... it's a damn #BEAST ! I can't wait!! When is it due out?
Stay up to date on all things #KUbball & #FinalFour by grabbing a print copy of Player profiles, stats, opponent info & more.
so far so good. How bout yall?
Plans for tomorrow: get up skate, eat, then go to sleep!
So cold outside
The #BlueJays infield is shifty. They played a shift on everyone but Dozier and Plouffe.
i'm looking for a good authorize.net developer - know anyone?
yep, I made the decision to this upcoming summer. I'm torn bc I want to be by the beach but studio city is where the work is.
how much will that add to the cost of our "Big Dig?"
Sunday afternoon, getting work done, and Penn Masala's album on repeat.
Ques.on the IS Draft, can we get a relative word count instead of 'three pages'? Or is there leeway on that limit?
I can't even keep my eyes open right now
No Arian Foster hopefully means mega points for Andre Johnson owners.
Had a great meeting this morning then took care of things down at the port now just at my desk at the main office updating stuff on the com…
Addicted to "Stereo Love"
Staring at the two hottest guys during lunch>>>>
No don't do that
Hi Sheila, are you online right now? I can't access my storefront and a customer wants to order from me.
much love!
Just registered with the National Multiple Sclerosis Socity Mid America Chapter - PPMS since October 2011 - had it longer
Welp Orlando. I'm here.
it's a great day to be alive oh my brothas, the sun cures the pain in me gulliver, should be fine by this after lunch
Dialogue will get you to the solution. Your customer may not even know what they need, so ask questions!
#overheard You're going down like the Titanic!
miss you wanna bang sometime?
It is Tom Morello from Rage Against The Machine.
“: Up early to go on Channel 9 in Denver with and I'm still a bit sleepy..” have fun!!! :)
This is tru. haha nice pub DoU! Hope all is well pers
Thanks for entering our contest today! Stay tuned tomorrow to find out if you won a free pair of boots!
Heading out to downtown in a few hours. I am working the Bengals game today. If you are going, keep an eye out for me. I'll take your pic!
THANKS FOR THE #FF :) Happy October!
Today is study day.
owner and PWA cofounder Justine Tal Goldberg posts an article about turning off the 'net and writing better on today's blog.
And thank you for the opportunity to see Close and McTeer shine in Albert Nobbs, too. Both #oscarnoms !
is Mouth Watering doee!!
I can't wait to get a job. I miss being pretty; gym, tan, hair, nails
I've got way too much on my mind. Anyway, I hope that I feel good enough to visit mom tmrw. Going to bed soon, so night all.
charity case.
Lesley Boone quotes:...“I tried to commit suicide by sticking my head in the oven, but there was a cake in it.”
dude have you read house of leaves? very good.
New in 25 with
lol well u talk about him 24/7 so yeah im pretty sure it is a real crush
RT : If you have a "class set" of mobile devices then you're only getting about 20% of functionality-- Travis Allen
The one's I put mi trust in the most are the one's least deserving of it!!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL MY BABY MOMMAS AND WONDERFUL MOTHER'S TODAY!!
�The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it
Arsenal desrved the victory. City clearly content to settle for 1, Arsenal wanted 3, and United couldnt be any happier
Good point.
RT : There is nothing more revolting than forced "positivity" by rappers. (Other than me Tweeting about it.)
You Deserve The Best!
SE Bmore, borders Belair Edison and Lower Herring Run. Used to be Claremont-Freedom.
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better <3 3
no Santa is gonna get it tonight!
I received your tweet about a BI project. MSBI stack is our sweet spot. Please contact me. 913-707-4251
same here. I have nothing ready to submit, which is a far cry from where I was at 5 years ago when I'd submit a first draft
Due to being pretty damn sick, I'm now day 4 with no cigarettes! Woo hoo! And my gets here tomorrow! #imaquitter!
thanks Steph, we're playing at sxsw this friday (!!!) and going on tour in April.
Good Luck(:
I'd just like to know where all the money goes. $35 per article just to read, if your organization does not subscribe?
: bol was that you saying angie ima tell Matt in the morning lol when she was bothering me
Sometimes being the bigger person means being a bigger target for whatever is coming down the road. Be the bigger person anyway.
Movie Review: The Dictator
Thank you!!! Very excited
I don't get all these people with claustrophobia...I'd love to be stuck in an enclosed space with Santa. Great opportunity to sell yourself.
learned that one from a boricua :). I love Latin refranes.
I agree Ellen prom should be for everyone.
Nicaragua is the second poorest nation in the Americas, after Haiti
found it, reposted it for you. Heads up for next drink night (gives "the look") 
he'll stay in the NHL. Russians don't really wanna play in the khl after they've played in the NHL
need to stop the
Good Mornin! On my way to work, have a good day.
So glad to be at the Parent Leaders meeting Hope to learn more from advocates around the country. cc:
I just reead the nastiest shit on my TM ..
Great! We should definitely meet while there.
Many congratulations to everyone associated with your fantastic project, & especially to Holly & Courtney.
We are looking for new promoters, e-mail your information to !
I don't get how I hurt you when actually you hurt me why was I so stupid
2 more Saturdays and then we close for the season! Hope all our Purple Peeps stop by for one last 2011 snowcone :)
Provocative 02/14 NYer piece by Gopnik: "the function of a social circle is to curb our appetites and of a [social] network to extend them"
his coaching is overlooked by how much people like him personally
I need a haircut, but im too scared. haha its cuz everytime i get it cut i never like it
ha, love it!
The booys that live next too mee, so sexy ;)
If you don't have anything mean to say… tweet about #rockchalk instead.
I'm so tired but too lazy to try and sleep.
I have never had so many scratches on my hands and legs. 🐱
M... Cake should always be trending. :] RT : Did you notice 's cake-related tweet today? Three makes a trend!
I really really really like him.....
this is some funny, yet relatable shit.
Rainy days always make youu get in your feelings
I no your countin“: Countdown to #sharktank tonight !! Take a break from March Madness and turn to the Sport of Business !”
yup . Last time I checked . Some might be available around the time of the actual show tho .
awesome!!! I was gonna ask ya onus got OT // started reading. Only gets better
Can the O's call up Bundy now? 13IP 21K 0 H. Pretty good stats.
waiting for?
Maddie's cuteness > My cuteness.
Yay! Can't wait! We will see you soon!
First day..she will be in shape in a few days...
Its just one of those times, I know Karma is coming 4 me! Man she plays so rough!
How are those windows you got last summer? Just checkin' in!
I never lose them, I just beat em up something fierce. Same exact make & model four summers in a row, now.
The Lord is near to all who call upon Him. -Psalm 145:18
I just finished a 2.02 mi run with a time of 21:00 with Nike+ GPS.
What are your plans for St. Patrick's Day in Denver? #Denver #St.Pat's
Glad we can be a part of it - having an awesome time in a great city, ready for the #grizz to rock on Sun!
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen. George Orwell Happy Friday the 13th!
Watched "Being Elmo," an awesome documentary. Key insight: "Elmo is love." (But God is love.) So, is Elmo is God?
I'm jeleous too!
Plume is by far the best twitter app.
Don't miss Backbeat's FREE night-Sunday-We The Granada-More
: (chart: thanks!) anyone researched link btwn attitudes/practices now & dominant SM form at time of 1st int access?
Mets are finally coming alive 👍
Life is set up to bring you every needed situation in its own right time.
"Texas is ok if you want to settle down & do your own thing quietly, but it's not for outrageous people..."
Love can make you do things that you never thought possible.
chillin now that im not workin on more i can focus on this music.... when your next showcase
its the best man.
RT : If you're dropping a mixtape & need dry VEO (vocal effects only) drops, get at us or txt (214) 810-2792
I still have an unanswered question D:
is it worth the $5.99 pay-per-view charge?
uhh, you're making that for me sometime
Wow, I can't believe Carroll Shelby died. A very sad day.
just watch the videos again.
Its raining here. I went outside and shouted SHAZAM! loudly. Darn didn't work! I'm just Marvel-ous as I am I guess!
Just spend 30 min talking to my professor outside hbb about life.
has been working in the #AnacostiaDC neighborhood for over 21 years! We love and believe in our community.
After that, does Pau have like 26 rebounds?
Black tea and toast at 3:30 AM: that's how I roll.
LOL! Thanks, Ms. Julie!! Seriously, though. Just nobodies walking around saying stuff. I haven't even smirked.
I manage my time so well, that nap was defintely neccessary. #WowCourtney. -_-
Up early...talkin numbers! Big numbers might I add!
I wanna move closer to my bf, cause his lame ass isn't going to west next year. :/
RT : Get ready for Heropalooza for #LiNC attendees! Catch the shuttle to Bimbos in front of the Great band, great party!
Don't forget to tune in for today's show at 3 pm PT.
not just you - some others too :(
I don't even know if it would've been legal for us to watch that movie in there!
What is Side by Side?
*SIGH* Just follow her...you'll understand. #FollowFriday (via )
My weiner has good posture.
Glad to see people are having fun and don't care! I gtg tweethearts! Bye love ya! Gonna get high tonight if I can;) idgaf anymore I'm done:)
Party at my house :D Dj and everythin outside.
Feeling feverish:/
Only 1 hour and 30 minutes left until the #DegrassiFinale and #frostival! :D My Eclare fangirl will be coming out of hiding tonight lol ;)
Yes, yes I do!
Goodnight everyone!
I just has the worst shower in my life 😁 but I'll live
oh that sucks. it's an hour drive from where I live, but my friends mom is taking us.
Damn dnt wanna do this homework..#Meet All Requirements
Sad to have missed the #newmecommunity DC Meetup. Will def be making out to the next one though.
I would shave my head or cut off a finger for some ice cream and a brownie right now. Seriously.
local NBC is interrupting AGT for election updates here in PDX. Make a call :)
Ouch!! DAMN THIS IS GOING TO HURT FOR A WHILE FUCK FUCK FUCK!!!!!
gonna be plenty warm this week, time to hit the DG courses and find some more fans! our grassroots marketing is 2LEGIT2QUIT
blergh when someone tells me they've been sick, it automatically makes me feel sick
Okay make it three someone clicked unfollow... i want war but im so sad now....:-(
Sometimes even fairy tales come true; that's the story of me & you. <3
me and tysan tryin to go to indy u down?
Justin never stops trending lol! Good Morning peeps! Its saturday! Have a nice & relaxing Day!
Starting to feel the affects of yesterday,crashing like I been in 5hr energy or something
When I have a son, I want him to be better than me..........I just set the bar pretty high there.
sometimes I wonder what's God's purpose for putting me through this... #whereareyounow?
the bleeding makes sense now.
.RT : American Dialect Society Word of the Year: "occupy"
Looks like I'm gonna need some bailey's in my coffee this morning...
I would actually want to read Tim Gunn's new book....I think.
Thanks for the speedy reply! I'm really looking forward to Much Ado and Christopher Plummer's show.
Body shots.... Omg.
The espn3 broadcast is much better quality than last year
I had to present my project today and I almost cried and got sick presenting it to my english class. XD
Break!! Break break!
nah I don't
Bummer. Hope you feel better and enjoy the marathon. :D
Final night here at SXSW. About to see Nas perform.
For real. RT Man, I miss the days when it was
Goin to Tennessee for my great grandpas funeral tomorrow.
what up Doctor Roberts?
When one door closes another door of opportunity always opens! Houston's Attractions is and always be on our Grind in the world of Promotion
I know he's fine like a ticket on the dash ;)
especially the kidsdying from improper dental care&the complications that causes like bacterial infections that cause heart disease
The things people do for some chunk change
Happy New Year
hm, too bad, maybe he could have been the level head the other night and kept them out of trouble.
I love how in your icon your socks match your shirt (:
Finally watched DRIVE - Ryan Gosling looking incredibly attractive in that white jacket, but it was too flawed script wise. Cool music too.
To the dude ahead of me in the security line carrying his girlfriends's leopard print D&G bag, get a life.
Yes, me too. And the hair! And the sometimes looking away and sometimes posing.
haha! Don't tell
We would sale more houses to people who are working with good credit if down payment was not 20% and upkeep was not so high
If U WAS MINT TO HAVE SOMETHING YOU'LL ALREADY HAD IT...BUT I WANT THE HOLE WORLD SO I GOTTA GO N GRAB IT...
#shoutoutto you got that swagger.
In case you are wondering, some amazing data analysis of between-ness centrality of jrl articles usage done by #NISO MESUR
In a world of Possibilities, should we dwell in the probabilities?
I saw THE ARTIST over the weekend. Loved it!
Ha! That's totally acceptable...that way they counteract each other.
Research shows 50% increase in CTR for paid search when consumers exposed to brand's soc media.
New data suggest we are winning the war against learning.
Anyone wanna talk? :P
: So true!
I will say this, without a doubt our fans travel well and make a showing GREAT JOB
Francis Chan now.
you may be earnest. But I'm eating eggs Benedict.
you found a loose dog??
you might have a little chump change to afford to buy two luxury cars off the lot in the same day, but you are still poor.
Pulling what she would call a full Obama.
Very Excited! 35 days until camp! Who do you #Follow ?
Shocked that Davy Jones has died. Monkees were great! He was 66.
You should obviously drive distraction free every day! But sometimes it takes small steps to create a good habit.
Yes I waited and it was the hardest thing EVER. But I'm SO GLAD I did!!!
RT : I learned something from Everyone of my ex's
lol no it's not my day lol
Good morning, Wednesday!
I will never get tired of listening to red hot chilli peppers
Missin my sister..
Cable at Internet installed, back on the grid baby!!
what company are you with?
check the dm
Chun: We vs. You - "In a network when a 'we' happens, when we have synchronous activity, you usually have a network outage."
That Just Really PRESSED My Shit!
what the hell. its 4.20 i might as well smoke a joint.
A1: Experience tends to differ between agencies and corporations but internship experience is a must!
I think they are just texting :)
Smh she crazy movies is expensive now lol the other girl was smart lol
girl dey didn't use ta be in da part of da hood I use ta be in
110 on 3rd and final physics test. C'mon finals.
#Popi tragic and comedic at the same time! A Father's love for his children and wanting a better life for them in the U.S.
i like tweeting real shit...seriously
On my way to ACHE Board meeting in Irving. TGIF
didn't get any either
Only thing that could make this traffic tolerable was Ax pulling off the W & lookin at the next car to see hes cheering with me
Acclaimed journalist Chris Hedges talks #Occupy, reporting from war zones today on
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON.. SO PRESS IT MAYBE?<3 8
Bull Durham. Everyone else a distant third.
great idea !!!
I am in Oklahoma now on my way to Albuquerque New Mexico
Something awesome is goin to happy soon .. I can feel it #waiting ((:
Delayed in ft. myers. Need to get imported to detroit son.
Grease is the word, have you heard?
Deb Malkin! Thank you so much for your love and support!!! Wishing you the best ALWAYS. A Happy New Year to you, sister!!!
Spending the day spring cleaning/organizing/painting the house. Jealous?
yea without faith we have nothing! so are you ready for a warm holiday?
i can't think of the last time i've been up this early!! i don't know what to do with myself =/ i guess i'll hit the gym early....
Canada cuts food inspectors despite recent outbreak: union
Who screened the learner team selectors?! Absolutely terrible team, Nick by far has the best team
OTA's start on Monday. Getting close to the season!!!!!!
keep telling yourself that... You'll believe it eventually
Ditto. RT : No matter what it was that did it, I'm happy to hear that!
best guitar teacher ever
Adios Madison! We lucked out with 3 days of gorgeous weather! Back to Chicago now!
Budget enough time and money to market your company; the world won't beat a path to your doorstep if they can't find you. -Rich Br
So glad you love us! Thanks for shopping at AmazonFresh.
I'm sexy
By finding different ways to approach things, we can alter our experience before it even happens. All we have to do is shift our focus.
i know right!!!
curious why you'd use both? the sdk gem was made by us and the s3 one wasn't (and hasn't been updated since april 2009)
Helping Source Theatre in DC with auditions for summer festival.
After waiting a month for a job offer to finalize, it fell through. Very debilitating. Hope to find something soon.
which typing test did you use on the iPad?
i would trade the world just to have the old you back... in a heartbeat.
He's certainly no Tiger! Wait, guess that's a compliment! Enjoy it ! Gig allows more family time? Can I sign up?
RT : We're gonna have black mass in here
'til recently we were only followed by the queens of England. We hope u dig what we do, as we are digging the KOE! Best & success
It was definitely a PR stunt. #sharktank can cause you to blow up your sales especially if ecommerce.
My weekend >>>> your weekend
Busy at work. Sorry, no #FF this week.
I will bring the Hornby books to Forum tomorrow. :)
Jim Croce's "Say I love you in a song"?
#ThingsEminemTaughtMe that Bitches gets no Love.
Is there any way the Yankees can get Humber by the all-star break ..... :l
peed on This night is rowdy.
I need a St Patrick's Day themed activity for my advanced students this week. Any suggestions??
RNG yes yes yes
u still awake? call me
How much money does one need in order to become a "philanthropist"?
At the 9/11 Remembrance Gala...
Yawn yawn LaHair goes deep again - BB
#MeanwhileBackInLA "wake up with god" (aka no alarm), enjoy a 3 hour lunch in the sun, and a nap at 4:45pm . . . or #UnemployedWeekday?
Have a great day folks
JJ is a stud!
Good afternoon all. Happy weekend!
Today is Picture Day. Post any pictures you have on me here. The one I like the best is going to get a call from me tonight :-)
Looking forward to Cars 2 in 3D with Jennifer and Will. Guess who picked the movie?
not sure yet. Usually Super Target. Suggestions?
Thanks, Richard! Have a great weekend.
Polo t-shirt and polo draws . Now come & take this polo off .
you mean Gio? So much for that expensive higher education...
know many girls say this is ugly but for me you are perfect love you :)
What can we deliver for you today?
FUCK! RT > : Actually I think it's sold out already on pre orders lol
When visiting the gas station twice a week and the cost outweighs half your months expenses, I believe reform is needed.
Answer to Monday's Interesting Health Fact of the Day: When you take a step, you are using up to 200 muscles!
Anyone using Constant Contact? They changed so you can't update a contact's e-mail without deleting & re-creating an account. Ridiculous!!
": The more I think about it, the more I realize it was my fault.. :/"
9:46 pm -- it's on! Go #Buckeyes!
A California parole board denied convicted killer Charles Manson, 77, parole for the 12th time, next hearing when he becomes 92-years-old.
um if u get i tho u won't b bored ok
Lettuce, apples, and potatoes?
Since I'm gonna be alone alot, might as well be alone in my own place.
I was looking for a way to get out of working on my taxes today. That was not the way I hoped it would come about.
Thank you for sharing our Kirkus Review and for your support of our book!
Ha! You beat me to it!
ice cream.
I feel bad when somebody texts me and I don't know who they are so I just text back like I know lol
Suddenly, everyone is an LA Kings fan. But congrats to them!
Digital review copy of #Diablo3 just hit my inbox. This day just gets better and better.
I asked Ereck if a) I could tickle him and b) he would promise never to tickle me. For some reason he didn't go for it.
: Lol gotta lot on my mind...home alone so i only got twitter ta talk 2...
i had a reason : you were annoying mee !
: Chilling with this chica .
Working on Getting enough Content for my Boy Much Respect 
: ...have for workers the better. But I'm just saying there are exceptions. I think activists who have supportive employers...
bitch tits
If you lost a wallet on #wmata, check shaw/howard metro operator booth - I just turned one in.
please follow me! I live all the way in Virginia and I can't go to your first concert! #FollowMeAustin :)
Amazon - cloudy with a chance of server crashes
haha does every insanity workout w/ me! We skipped yesterday so decided to try double workouts today. We'll see.
thanks. Standing outside now.groggy and annoyed. Yeah we get to transfer to a crowded train and be more late
OMG best night ever!!! first BOLT then later CHICKEN LITTLE. but too bad I have to go to sleep before Chicken Little even starts
Great advice from : Writing is about working through things.
RT : happy birthday! :]>>>Thanks so much, Kerri!
“: Before I die I want to lay under the stars on the beach of Australia” with
A huge thank you for all the follow friday and mentions! You guys are awesome!
Where are the handball players, Percussionist, artist in south Florida.? Okai Haiti
Wish you the best on your quiz hon. I know you will rock it. So glad you are enjoying it :D.
Hey David, thanks for the follow - try drinking more coffee for weight loss! ;-) Take care!
FollowolloF much appreciated :-))
Someone needs to create an index of things cool and digital. It is NOT Google -- Google upside down (inside out?). A Dewey Digital System?
Bad decisions, good intentions.
There's no shortage of racist and homophobic comments this evening around the bar. Sure didn't miss this about
