whatever sinks my submarine...
can I get a Phrase Hate assessment on "guitar work"
I should be banned from Instagram.
Money makes the world go-round...round..&..round
So Will MB is out again with hamstring tightness. Everyone still ready to ship Youk out of town?
I should open my own bakery. making white chocolate covered strawberries with drizzled caramel sauce. smh at myself
I'm there with a story. The only way out is through! Good luck!
Shout out going for the sweep on the road today in Charlotte
I'm fired up!!
good luck that bio test tomorrow!
Perry clarifies his anti-cancer position.
I sent you a message on FB did you see it? my phone is being crazy or I wouldn't texted you, let me know when you get it!
Mad I missed my Pacers against the Heat
We are the global gym purple cobras and we will we will rock you deh deh s...ah
Nice clear
Great! We look forward to having you.
How u have that many shots on goal Like that and not score?!
We sat on the plane for over 2 hours before deboarding, re-checking in and then being cancelled.
josh hutcherson on punk'd? yussss.
Can't sleep! I am way to anxious
Tonight I'm starting either Coral Glynn by Peter Cameron or Threats by Amelia Gray
I loved your performance. Y'all should just win already. (:
Read a short Beverly Cleary bio last night and learned she lived in Yakima the same time as my grandma. I wonder if they knew each other.
- glad to be following you and all the best
hoping jags cause kampan but really lame MNF game
getting ready to start my day it is going to be a busy one have 4 new clients today
What a fun 'yo' fest
For anyone who follows CW&IA - our cat had a bath and my daughter just yelled "Go away no one wants to touch a wet kitty." I died laughing!
Great shot! Thanks for hanging out with us.
Why am I awake right now? Ugh, I hate school.
Good morning, UMWUG! Rise and shine for the Alma Keynote :)
Dear #WilliamKaufman would love to see #JohnnyStrong in a remake of the 1986 Heat (BurtReynolds)
Aww, thanks!! I'll see you Sunday!
Taking suggestions for new hot country-western bands to play in Far western suburbs of Chicago.... send me your thoughts.
California roll topped with spicy tuna at Kabuki in Largo!
Two reasons - You're used to them, and plenty of people have bit their style.
THX new Followers...for the follow...Peace and Blessings 2 U..LOVE U old ones...U ARE ALL SEXY PEOPLE...EVERY LAST ONE !!!! Mwah xoxo
Alyssa-PLZ!!! RT :Alright followers, is back from dinner.Let's retweet ths msg & she if she notices. *evil grin*
There will be days when it feels like God is not there, but feelings do not change reality. Jesus promised he would never leave you
Nice, how'd it go?
Inexperience. That's all it is.
Cant wait for my head to stop throbbing stupid wisdom teeth..
Lion king>>>
Hooray for iPad!! I feel productive-ish
where do you get your hats from brother?
let the games begin
MY BABY TYGA #Rack City Shyt Just Got Real.
More delicious data - yum!
Come Overtrrr &&' I Said No Comments
Need Youtube views? 2500 for only $50 Facebook likes ? 1000 for $50!!! 2 days left.
I'd love to stick around and chat about PR.
45 minutes away!!!(: so excited
Come help us drink this last keg of Two Hearted. The Oberon is itching to get tapped.
When I first moved into this place I thought, "Oh, windows over the courtyard! It'll be so quiet." Then I discovered there was a Kita…
Something more-Seconhand Serenade...
It has to happen. RT Sorry bro...We're beefin' right now!! #COYS RT : Can it be Saturday already?
That mad me feel crap
RT : Atlanta 1996 was an unmitigated transport disaster. What will be the impact of #olympics2012 on your business?...
colorful I tell you! Ha.
Haven't seen an updated board yet.
Very happy to have joined the Kindle team at Amazon! Will miss everyone at and
get the word out to your #PLN: we are collecting fav poetic lines and assoc images
Did you notice that you are wearing a silly hat?
I love Ender's Game. Crazy author, couldn't get past few pages of book 2. But first was great.
Keep your lives free from the love of money and be content with what you have... (Hebrews 13:5a NIV)
Have you met yet? She always makes me smile! :)
Selena deleted her whole Instagram.Something's going on here.I'm still worried../:
#FoDS Senior Editor Allen Tullos talking about Southern Spaces and how it relates to Digital Humanities.
I'll make it better ;)
Goin to school, pharmacy is a lot easier than ppl make it. I'm tired tho, n hungry, n thirsty, and y am I going to school today again lol
Hee! Love this.
Was so happy with my glasses, but my new prescrip sunglasses I received today were too small :( Speaking with a great CS rep
wow classes Atalanta
send more pics and gifbooms please.
we won it :D and now my bed is calling my name. Hope you have a great night!
after the late inning win in game 5 would have seen the better outfield lineup is the one that does not involve hart - he sucks
Second day shooting on the film Second Impression. Funny Stuff. Today is a busy day. I shoot 4 scenes! I'll try to share a pic from set.
I do so much research about books all the time that I'm not sure I'm a good indicator.
hell yea mayne I be up there sometimes, ill give u a holla when I am
How many cricketers share names with Yank celebrities? Bill O'Reilly, James Taylor, Will Smith...
tell RonRon I said what's up. Houston is rootin for you.
Lots of useful tips about PR networking, resume-building, and job readiness from !
I can't believe I had a Knot Stock in my fridge and haven't already opened it!
Excited to play with the app at !
Wow, tapering feels really good on the body.
My Morning Jacket - Off The Record - 05:22 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
The birds on my street are up all night, but I don't mind.
so are you saying he will replace joe thomas or do you not understand how #sarcasm works?
If doesn't quit screaming through the phone, somebody is going to get hurt.
On tonight: 's Shirley Manson. #VIBRATINGWITHEXCITEMENT. I want to see these two kittens play.
beech grove
12 Days until Mark Twain letters exhibition opens. Preparations under way...
Surprising my students with dr strangelove today. Fun times.
I'm already going w/ Mama C, but we should meet up!
Cool. -- good question re: how many pirate versions out there. Gotta look.
I love my job.
Pregaming for tonight?
My grandfather wants a convertible. I told him he should go for it but my grandmother disagrees. Who thinks he should do it? :)
The Lonesome Shovel Hypothesis
olive and june? i haven't been, but the menu looks slammin'
having used both (mt) and rackspace I'd say (mt) is generally much better. this is not their fault, its an attack
great, great sign...this guy is intelligent and will be terrific for arod...perfect fit
is wondering if you are your sexual self within the confines of your relationship.
Ouch, that hurts. $150.19 diesel fill up in our truck!
My Feet Hurt So Bad N These Shoes !
But then you make someone you Really care about laugh and you're just all asdfghjkl. XD
I've kinda been MIA on social networks lately, I'm getting back into twitter and g+ and I think I'm gonna ditch Facebook :P
is he exposed to be funny
Okay Seriously, Somebody Text Me.
You can get away with not doing it for a while, as long as you have reached a certain standard of fitness
This is too awesome!
Fat Vanessa
Missing a body? Cause one just washed up on Lake Michigan shore in Kenosha.
Thanks for today's RTs and mentions!
all cakes and buns are horrible. They're so sickly! Lol
Humane Society, local co. offer free spay/neuter surgeries
Alice in Wonderland
climbing wall tomorrow...blue v1, perhaps tomorrow will be our day.
“: Im not mad. Not sad. I just wish you the best and hope you find what you need.”
taking a shower.
Entering the twitterverse!
we have new seats in math , we don't seat anywhere near each other , 0.0
Inspiration fuels breakthroughs! Connect to your inspiration daily!
since i follo u does that mean u gonna follow me
I spun records for like 7 hours at a house party on Sunday, and a few more at home tagging with Ryan on saturday nite.
Gateway Education Ctr, SUN schools part of #pdxpan = good. Incorporate East PDX Moves
#Hai. You're good looking. I want your number
Yeppers! How much are you charging?
hi James! Any friend of Michael's is a friend of mine!
I've been having some... Interesting dreams lately.
my 1st twitter verified follower. thank you very much. are u going to cannes?
Happy birthday to my favorite curly English MAN.. I love you Harry Styles!!!!!
"One of the lessons that I grew up with was...
busy from 1-3pm friday but coffee at bourbon at 10 or 10:30 could work :) //
Haven't updated in a short while, but we hope everyone is doing well. Getting into our busy season, but love to stay in touch with everyone.
Good to hear. RT : "Saying sorry is admitting liability" <- "That's a bunch of bull", says
what wassup? Where u off to?
From now on, every time I hear someone from North Carolina say "I'm about to go make that dough!" I'll assume they're talking about "inbred"
LOl ... I Guess
ew its so hot
you don't have to wait 4-6 weeks. Order today and it's in the mail!
Thanks for the positive feedback and mention.
what? Weight loss challenge? Yeah, I will beat you hands down. Let's do it.
omg,i never wanted to stay in me bed so bad lol, my mom comes every 5 minutes and im ike 5 minutes, 5 minutes...
Obama is speaking four blocks away and every bridge is closed for security. It was way more chill seeing him speak before he was president.
Sorry to hear that Leonard. Wish we could do more.
Half the building is empty - except for the movers. That won't last, but for now the parking is great!
YES! I will be tweeting from #WrestleMania. Mostly probably about the crowd's fashion choices.
damm we were posted up waiting for at bucky
user testing is essential and doesn't take too many victims -- 5-10 is plenty
A stranger basically..ugh..how do u let him split the fam apart like that...
:) cool RT : Been eating cheese all day. I just can't seem to get enough of it. What the heck?!
I would want you to be here to record that tho.
Watching true life I have a hot mom but I don't see :(
late as usual. See you soon! xoxo
IF I WANTEED THE PRESSURE I WOULD NOT B HURT OR PUT MYSELF IN HARM
You have been followed! ahaha
hello its nice to meet you
#NW franklin with these little rascals
Oh and we've had a request for Joss too, which we can totally do. PS, anyone know a really good Joss impersonator in the Portland area?
correction, I'm skipping class tonight not sure what my plan is now haha
Wishing he was home for Christmas
You just have a string on your back you keep pulling, right?
DBA this friday!
Never said anything about a thug.
Must be something in the air! My son went TWICE yesterday! Woohoo!
Same, Thank you.
Is this bar in Pittsburgh?
Hey early risers! Keep an eye out. We are getting something going for y' all. Stay tuned! Don't worry, We're not going anywhere (:
Sick. Not fun
please just marry me already.
Do it.
"Wishes never come true but I hope you do."
Puppy playdate is happening today in the garage. Generalized doggish cuteness will ensue.
the library will be open this Saturday from 9-5...
Someone check to see if Yost has money on the #Royals being no-hit tonight. WTF is up with these lineups?
RT : Live chats: 4pm Sat; 6pm Sat Sun; + slew of bloggers @ 8pm Sat
Hm today . . . . Really nice out so that means downtown/lake for me :)
“: What's SAS mean?” San Antonio Spurs? I hope.... now my mind wanders & I'm afraid to ask.
dtc?! down to cuddle ^.^
“: I am in serious need of some dupstep and rumps. Westport stat!”no lie said this to Megan last night!
Not so worried anymore.
it's the context that makes it special. And as long as I have your attention--my students loved your CSS3 book last fall.
Good tbl change. Except i get min 3b by old guy. Flop OESD and have to fold.
Pretty awesome April Fools Day joke (I hope) by 'Adblock' extension... all ads in my browser are now replaced by cats.
Anyone who angers you conquers you. - Elizabeth Kenny
Big time-->RT : was well worth the investment to attend #careertl2012!
Thanks brother, it was good to see you too. I'll be back before you know it.
The concept behind 1 Tiny Step is amazing. Love this idea.
miss you :/
but I mean... If its in the bible they should believe it... I don't think they should just be able to choose.
Thanks. Give me a location and I'll meet you guys for a drink around 7, if you're up for it.
UK's Daniel Orton just checked into the hotel - he's excited to room with teammate Jon Hood!
Any #Davy Jones fans out there in the Twin Cities? We'd love to hear you memories.
I guess I'm the only one who used to arrange my color pencils by size & color and pretend I was principal of a segregated elementary school.
SO JEALOUS!
I love it when I read stuff upside down and it looks like some different word.
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us. Without their great talents this would not be possible!
Hard to top this time of year... Tuesday afternoon college basketball AND spring training baseball.
Amusing, but too many mixed memes to be properly useful.
Mary J. Blige's 'legend' status never ceases to befuddle me.
Omfg ! The season finale of vampire diaries...was so fucking crazy. Lol i feel like a lil ass kid getting this excited about a show ...
Bernie Sanders just said "Wall street regulates congress, not congress regulates wall street" and "nobody has gone to jail yet"
Damn , bitch . Feels like I haven't talk to you in forever ! Lmfao . What's good ? : Whatss Hannin' ? Lol !
last time i have to set my alarm to wake up for high school..........sorry everyone these next couple of tweets are gonna be corny and IDC:)
I love how is on #RHONJ and #CelebrityApprentice on the same night. Congrats hunny!!!
RT #nggs11 Show how your work dovetails with agency priorities, think thru risks, gather evidence, express your idea intelligently
you're the man. period.
why is my kindle fire late with new books from u?
hey hey you guys should go on first tonight because we've been here since 11 and are now sick but want to see you guys x
I'm thinkin bout it. It would prolly be expensive though. :-/
working with on !
air drying at my computer
Hopefully I can get a good nite rest for school... so I can learn
such great days when your young, and we where not scared of others or thier judgment of us, or rejection. lets be kids again.
No one ever gets rewarded for what they receive; you get rewarded for what you give...
Looking forward to meeting the Twitter king from Daytona later this morning, We'll see if he's on here before then!
Please note that we'll be closing early this Saturday, Dec. 24th (open 10am-2pm), and we will be closed all day on Sunday, December 25th.
Have a final to take a final online today but it's not showing up for anyone in my class.Shocking!
I still gotta keep my eye on you.
Therapy is expensive, but bubble wrap is cheap
I woke up this morning feeling like I kinda have the flu :(
Nah :p
RT - If anyone took New England -4 in Week 1 you will be sitting nicely. The Patriots are now at -7 against Miami at s...
no matter what happens though. shit will work itself out. especially if its best for everybody.
haha same. i am taking quizes. but i only got 5 questions done
Thursday is coming very fast.
National Coffee Day? I know I need to drink less coffee. Just not today.
anyone want to talk about the hunger games with me? i am so late to the game but i want to discuss! only first book for now.
#ComedyAwards an awards show thats actually funny for once.
Someone just gave me chocolate billion dollar bill, and it says "In Bunnies We Trust." Good thing I didn't give up chocolate! ()
so pumped! When is Dale Jr. Jr.?
Ima be real... I cant live without SEX!
I saw that, not a real JBJ fan, but I am now!!! Classy guy!!!
See y'all there!
well then. Umm vampired diaries is on. Other than that, I got nothing. Lol
Great to connect!
for some reason you popped into my head, I hope all is well
Sold out screenings and lots of love for Detroit here at Sundance.
hi ! I'm the founder of & doing a Startup Journey panel on 6/7. Would love to have u as guest speaker to inspire next gen!
hm what do you suppose it means that I was totally incapable of seeing the word"love"?
belltown come back to belltown! Clever Bottle, Upstairs, Belltown Pub, Croc Back Bar!
Vodka Alert. Do not buy UV's "Cake" Vodka. It tastes like candle wax.
Wish I had to work tonight;
I'm about to flip the fuck out.
April 2: NACUBO, CSHEMA, & NACUA webinar: "Lab Accidents in the News: Institutional and Individual Risks, Roles and Responsibilities"
psa milwaukee its really slippery outside, wear your yaktrax, drive carefully or not at all if you have to go to work
yea, I mean oovoos ok, but personally I like Skype better, just bc oovoo doesn't work on my computer-_-
we work here at save20global hq
Very cool! Hey, it's been over a year since last had lunch...we're due!
Hope you guys have a great Easter!
Bass down. Guitar today!
Hope yall don't mind but I'm gonna post pics of me LoL :P
#books I quit reading Wilbur Smith's "Those In Peril" He wrote all Muslims as bloodthirsty psychos. He used to be one of my favorite authors
Join us this weekend: RT Art cart derby races this weekend sns.mx/7ffuy7
Thanks for passing these along, Shane. That is a big discrepancy between what the docs at GBMC were saying.
Sunny day today in NYC!
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I Told Her She Was Gonna Be A Grandma!!!
Yeah, it's not my favorite word either. Often used as a weasel word.
thanks. Just got home, turning on the game. Finally... Baseball.
“A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.” – Sir Winston Churchill
#LL my whole life
so cool! #herworld. Hope you enjoy the book.
Thank you! “: Happy birfday!!”
Pretty sure I hear an Acapella Group singing outside my window :) :) unless im hearing showtunes in my head?? Tonight is hilarious :)
best news i,ve heard all day can't wait to hear it!!!!
call me tmrw when you wake up
Wait Fonz wasn't free???!! Shit someone owes me some money!
reminding everybody, it's not about the money. Not every can be instagram. Only a few ppls make big win like that.
How would you knw without even trying!?
Dickey&#39;s Is Ready To Party With New Catering Packages
Ok, you 2 still owe us a hug! RT : grub was fantastic. We're telling our friends. Well be back!
You better, or else I will come and get you from where ever you are(:
Had a small issue with someone trying to steal this account... Sorry for the last week of missed shows!
Who want's to text
Screaming hbd to hope my nigga enjoy your birthday, ilove you fooh!!
This Byrd really think im bout 2 do dis work wat I look like???
Golden Hill never looked so good.
This morning's + @ motorola announcement is also a bonanza for lawyers and politicians . . . #ftc #fcc #doj …
Are you a celeb?
Swam 2 hours straight today doing laps
What about both at the same time? That is something to see.
also, it remains to be seen just how much we'll lose from Gonzo/Gamel with Izturis, Ish, Green.
Got an order , 200 asian jelly desserts by Saturday morning . -_-
i got my first double earlier today :), three moabs in two games. Called it a day after that
“People do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character.”Ralph Waldo Emerson
Plenty of baseball left
see it helps you learn a lot.....
I'm proud of the way the #Nuggets battled tonight. Easily could have rolled over down 19 in the 3rd. Showed a lot of heart.
Just finished the Man U game on DVR Rooney with the sick goal
That's why we've worked so well together, my brother.
what a life you lead. Nice! can i borrow 20 dollars? lol . No sun in brooklyn today
plzz come.to.northstarr your mahomies wanna see you befor you go
May 4th every year. It's a play off the line "May the force be with you" May the 4th...
There were actually a few Lost Boys at my High School although I didn't get the chance to know them.
Gonna follow some ppl back:)
Your A's fans are a tough crowd bro. Starting to think I should go over to the NL. Might be safer.
Shorty's comes to Murray Hill! They have THE best Philly Cheesesteaks!
long story short swung on a dude.. and it got broken up and then he didn't want it after that
Great orientation, ! 4 goals for the day... be safe, have fun, learn something, and be productive!
check out my latest RT... you should write an article about finding your BFF Sean D!
Had the most randomn phone interview ending with beyonce n the versatility of scarves.made an impression tho'.intersting
Haha #whenthis chick doesnt wear a bra and you can see her nipples !
Your wardrobe needs a face lift! Lmao
History Channel says Easter eggs intro to Christianity in 13th C. Research suggests not later than Pope Gregory 590-604.
My car hates me. -___-
Maybe I shouldn't have deleted my entire website before I figured out what I needed to do on the next revision.
I sent my number, but then got an error message - please let me know if you did not receive it and I will re-send! Thanks :-)
heel no"
10 new #blogs were added to LatestBlogPosts.com today. If you are a #blogger, feel free to add your blog to LatestBlogPosts.com.
Kenny Brit is reason #2903582 why I started this damn website. WTF
I hope my prom isn't like this :(
#CHIROPRACTORS if ur attending the in LV be sure 2 stop by booth 727. FREE sample kit from while they last.
More popular than My Little Pony? RT : Drive is now the most popular thing on Netflix Streaming.
Actually Do something Greater than you and #god will do something greater for you. Think about that one lol
I sacrificed homework for this!
Hope your open house went well.
he has such a perfect body for a guy uh yum c;
Summer :) I need warm
Ashamed at how much I dig the new bublé single. .... I'm ashamed.
Tight track & Video fam,
takes at least 3 days of watching DVR to get through it all
Yes! RT : haa. not in a skirtathon way but most definitely when i'm walking the red. carpet.
is mean to me
Kimya Dawson, March is thesis-writing month. Come in May instead, seel-voo-play.
Spring break flew by way too fast. Summer where you at? 
you gotta start somewhere, right?
Maybe I should've said avocado farm. Haha
RT : The final top-five in both polls: Alabama, LSU, Oklahoma State, Oregon, Arkansas.
All of the "good stuff" remains confidential. Net-net we should be proud of and what he accomplished.
Haven't been on twitter for he's revising for loads of exams urrgg Stressful 😓
C'MON greeny...I know you're a #Bulls fan at heart....I remember when you covered them in
Then you must like 80% of them so far! #brandbowl RT : put a dog in a commercial and Im pretty much guaranteed to enjoy it
If ur back home in CO...head ur ass down to my nigga Young Crackas video shoot in lakewood...Sheridan n colfax!!!
Love when my teacher says I'll fail a test and I get a
no frrom my god yes
Oops! Now you know my "dirty" secret. :)
hahaha I realized that after I posted it. It's a lyric!!! Hahaha
WOW! I don't even breath that often!
DVD Review: Singin' in the Rain - 60th Anniversary of a Glorious Feeling via
Only two more days until Monday!
just sold one like that. It was listed in December, closed Thursday. Finally had to just ask them to stop smoking in the house.
NOSOA - Sudbury need to present itself as a local city and google map will show Sudbury to the world.
WATCH BATMAN AND PIRATES!!! Only watched Shrek when I was a kid. Didn't bother with Indiana Jones. Hah
So excited! Found a place that still has Expedition Stout. Even though it's a little warm for imperial stouts I had to get em
yay you have a act too! Im not crazy hahaha
50 more days until the pool opens!
RT TAMPA/WESTCHASE UPDATE: Accident reported by on WB Linebaugh near Westchase Elem involves a bicyclist.
I just pooped! Medium amount. Sausage-shaped, but lumpy, almost rope-like. Possible constipation.
you make the show ... sing the swedish song!
What wine do you suggest with it?
The "last letter of the alphabet" key on my laptop isn't working… wonder how much thats gonna suck this weekend..
Nice. When did you look at? I was most amazed by condition of original woodwork and concrete floors mostly throughout.
Listening to "I Will Always Love You," Whitney Houston. We will miss you, Whitney. :(
I'm drunk. And back. Booya. -kemmler
Great song especially on Sunday morning but still don't get the lyrics of Levon.
very sad that i will not be goin to warped tomorrow :*( fucking back injury gonna missall the great bands especially BVB& Asking alexandria
Hope the #causemarketing info was helpful. Ask Diane on the #givingshow designed to bridge #philanthropy and
count me in!
what is a duck face?
Defeat your enemies with SUCCESS
you accept recipes, right? I came up with this white radish soup and I'm kind of on myself about it...
Today shall be a great day:)
Ok I'm back.
RT : “Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.” ~
Wow, just wow. SMH....no pictures?
Good lookin bro! Already knowin bro we in dis bitch til we drop!
aww mama u need a text buddy
if you let me,Here's what I'll do...I'll #TakeCare of you :)
Vega Communications preparing for meeting with Energy of the City
Thanks so much! Super excited to be representing SF small businesses!
#ireallywant to go to bamboozle but i live in the south :\
RT only if you promise to play House Music
Yes we have many deals for The Maldives, Any suggestions to put on Site?
I'm gonna put a curse on you and all your kids will be born completely naked. - Jimi Hendrix
you're not invited because you persecute and judge those who are not Christian. Did you really think you would be?
I'm going to print PARKER out scribble all over it, and ship it to you. Spuns good? :-)
Boycotts work wonders in a money-driven society. Hopefully this continues; pitiful that it's necessary.
Ok. We'll I'll still keep an eye out. GO SPURS GO!
I have officially submitted my very last term paper of the semester!
You're gonna be so jealous when I bust out my moves at book club!
lmfao , oh haha thats funny ;D okay dear c;
All I Want is You.! But all the songs are good!
I wouldn't worry too much since it is a matter of context; what and why we are tweeting, and to whom we are tweeting :-)
Singapore Air still wins the award for hottest stewardesses
Question 1: If I’m wearing sunscreen, I can stay in the sun as long as I want. Tweet True or False using #acsskin for a chance to win.
So, finally hitting your 40s?
I hate when people repin my pins on Pinterest and I know that they hate me. Like no. Only I can do that creepy shit.
you said cod or porn right?
I think I'm going to watch a movie.
If you don't try you'll never know
We need to REALLY come together and support each other in a way like never before. Think tanks and partnerships
So I've been listening to Where the Boys At since yesterday i love that song and I cant wait for their album
of course girl! How are things going?
"I wish I could meet I think I got the fever!" -
Thanks man!
is my new favorite.... hahahh
Whenever I decide to date again, I'm gonna make sure I'm the only one
I believe that we will win! I believe that we will win!
lol fa real i dont need u to get any blacker
how's diet/kids/wife/life?
What can I do to show you I'm sorry?
Great music to unwind and dance to!
Owls are way too cute for enslaved labor / civil servitude / the USPS. I stand by pigeons. cc.
Should prostitution be legalized in the Las Vegas area ?
I can't I have a lunch workshop. But eat something delicious for me!
Perfect. “: #your RT : Your scared of Skip, because you know he will win.”
Sure are :) Aries are always fun!
“: Shout out to #NewFollower”
please tell me it's going to be a beautiful day on Saturday in Westport, CT im getting married!
Some things never change
Thank you for the
Lol. Your video?
HE'S IN A DRAMA AND I SAW WEDDING PICS!!! THEY WERE FAKE BUT I WA LIKE OMG!!!! THAT'LL BE ME IN A FEW YEARS!!!
If anyone was having trouble tuning in to our sports broadcast, it's fixed now!
That club sounds intriguing, though. Looked up a couple of musicians I didn't recognize. cc
Good times! ": Ok so im on to the next. Gotta hit up my bff #momillsnightout"
good n you
#Oomf Always Tweeting With Action . Ex : * shrugs* *looks around* *throws*
MHTX making a little noise......
u meanking james who eyem biast with and thinks is the greatest basketball player to live ever.
Sad news today - Adam MCA Yauch
Heading to work #Bestie, talk to you in the am:-)
smooch right back atchya!
I was watching tv. A Hunger Games commercial came on. I got so excited, I jumped...and punched myself in the nose...😢
I think it depends on who is cast as Richard Burton chemistry baby chemistry
Glad to get out of Easter mass and see an #Arsenal win.
good mornin gorgeous and wat movie is that
Good morning beauts and gents! Lets give them even more reasons to talk about you today.
I want Diggy's album ~Tisha
¦I don't think I did so good on this one¦
Reading is like eating. Whenever I finish a great story, I tend to sigh and then have an urge to go for a walk.
YAY! We're so happy to hear this.
#DontDeleteICONicBoyzTwitter The Boyz are the only thing i think about and wanna go on Twitter! <3
Met with an excellent and professional agent last week, we'll see what happens.
#Schine, The Three Weissmanns of Westport. Somewhat overrated modern recasting of Sense & Sensibility, set on the Long Island Sound.
very true! thanks for the shout out :)
Beltre error is still looming. I'm still in awe that it happenned. Game was tailored made for a 2-1 win.
I get to spend time with my peeps today during the Puget Sound #VO Circle!
Always good when the boyfriend gets u a present of cute undies out of nowhere. :) love
I need tlsomething to do on friday night. Anytakers. I get in SA at 9:55 and then im going to my hotel. Someone take me out.
"who keeps tweeting their car horn!"
Big Friday night finishing up THE LOST GATE by Orson Scott Card. Great YA/Sci Fi story if you missed it.
COMING SOON: January 2012 - Be sure to follow us and be among the first to know about Nightlife events in ABQ. Thanks!
Huge fan of your work, ! Dig that you would eat Arby's and use the word hosers.
Like it =)
extra special mounting tape that wont rip the covers at all when I remove them :)
is it true brenda song is expecting a baby ?? So curious and excited for you guys if its true :):)
My "Won't Say A Word" video comes out tomorrow!
yo, where's that film finals list?
"Our governor then was Arnold Schwarzenegger --" solo whoop from the back of the hall -- "YOUR FRIEND Arnold Schwarzenegger"
Hank Jr. Told ESPN he was pulling his song from Monday Night Football. They can never use his song again.
LG Electronics plans to introduce Google TV in US
RT : Whenever I screw up at work I'm so glad I'm not a
I'm looking at your blog. That photo of the old man with the camera, leaning against a pillar. Wonderful!
yes it is!
Would "solemnify" work? Solemnize? Majestify? Aggrandize? Deepen?
were you at
“: WEST COAST! New # NCIS with Jamie Lee Curtis & as our guests starts in 3 minutes at 8!” &the dad from boy meets world
Since when did the post-2009 version of Juan Carlos Ferrero smoke forehands like that? (I'm not complaining.)
Thank you! Unknown to most, you Brits also love your food spicy, especially Indian cuisine. :D Thanks for sharing your tweets
yikes! I miss you too Russ:) haha
On my way to #dc Wilson aquatic center. I know I don't swim fast (or well) but if I can at least float I'll consider it a
Or in my bathroom. I own it. Along with "The Gas We Pass" and "What's Your Poo Telling You?". Good reading.
Don't miss the first co-op farmers market of the season ! Going on until 2pm today!
Crazy man, these mixes are making me crazy, and a little thirsty. Every one we do sounds better than the last.
It's about damn time!
EVERYONE FOLLOW if u do u win 31 followers if u follow her tweet her ''swag'' she follows back
Glad you like it, thanks for sharing!
awesome product...this'll be a lot of fun!!!
Keep your vagina . I don't get down with the flaps .
ok me: i did that for you
Cut up my roasted chicken, to romanie lettace, some cheese, zuchinni and yellow squash and creamy Orlando's dressing. Sound good?
I hate it when stores do that. It makes no sense!
Just did! (don't know why it took us so long ;))
thank you Soraya!!!
game with Miles and his Pop!
Easter recipes top Google&#39;s food-related search terms
you can't phase this.
In my next life, the role of Mary Tyler Moore will be played by Madeline Kahn.
How dare he?! Jeez RT : #Saudi blogger arrested, facing calls for execution after tweets about prophet Muhammad
Its not like Rickie can hit 70's 80's or 90's, might as well try 100's
Throwing Roz Savage in my bag this morning: 'Rowing the Atlantic'. Hopefully take my mind out of the city for a few minutes each day.
Can someone plz explain to why hash tags really matter?
Release the friggin' disco ball!
Had a Cinco De Mayo gig earlier. A guy yelled More Accordion & threw Chiclets so I guess it went well. I did find out I make a lousy Mexican
Soldiers and body parts seems to be a feature of all wars. cf. fingers and skull trophies in Vietnam and WWII
I luv er awlready :) RT : My wife is British.
Captain Cook's Journal During The First Voyage Round The World
do it tomorrow!
BlackBerry World 2012 to focus on old products
you guys were playing like shit even with amare and melo were on the floor, 30 pt loss sound familiar?
Bout to play 2k12 with my lil brother.
RT "It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are" #quote e.e. cummings
LOL! how groovy... I don't have the research paper blues any more! It's great to be in the Empire today... haha
RT : I am giving away a month of membership!! Who wants it??
I liked AVENGERS, but I miss the days when I was scared a movie's villain even had a chance. Never worried = Never cared.
Thnx for the Saturday shout out!
I WAS IN THE COMPUTER LAB AND I WAS SUPPOSED TO DO THIS PACKET BUT INSTEAD I WAS LISTENING TO #SaySomething.❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
In Tennessee. (:
writing an actual review of 'The Cheese Monkeys' for my blog & GoodReads. Started writing thinking I liked the book, but now Im not sure.
Got some killer followers in the last few days. Welcome!
thanks! too bad you missed out on the little jig that went with it.
My attitude is not gross I just hate hearing about BS that cause me to get out of my character with folks
Something fishy goin' on-- naive, kept pressin' on..
Good Luck Boys!
Okay okay I know tomarrow I will start my diet.
Bye day for my #marathon training today. Enough shoveling anyway.
Ive heard not at all only of you tryin to take 50 kids....LOL
Trying to decide on the winning comments for the contest video. THIS IS SO HARD ;_;
Nothing happens unless first a dream.
Was at Eve 6 tonight. Will be there tomorrow. ;-)
wondering if she knows how ridiculous she sounds..
I've lost track of how many people have asked me if my camera was a real tattoo. I don't mind. I know it's pretty badass.
Never be afraid to be kicked in the teeth. Let the blood and the bruises define your legacy
Who else wants to skip the rest of the workday and go outside and read in the park? (or go see Hunger Games)
Westbrook harrassed Blake tonight, good win!
Who cares if you learn how to crawl or walk before running? It's most important to be headed in the right direction to hit your goals!
Call today to schedule your bridal consultation with Aubrey. It's YOUR day to shine & our staff will make it happen. 412-854-6881.
I'm gonna do my best to come! Would love to see u in action (again)
hiding in my room from people that are at my house but I'm DYING of thirst...
You must think I'm stupid or something.
lolol I have a problem.
Thank you, Gayle!!
This is a really helpful document! Thanks for creating and sharing it.
The founders didn't mean to build a nation on the principle that anyone can say whatever s/he wants while waving a gun around.
Kevin Smith, you rule! :D
I just stepped on a cornflake. Now, I am officially a cereal killer.
Yes I'm learning this from your tweets. I laughed when I got a msg from "Jugs Malone"
How happy is your hour right now? Quervo Sweet and Sours…only 5 bucks!
If half of the people in this class were replaced with rocks the level of intelligence would increase by 50%
what did you think of the walking dead finale?
Lakers bigs came up big on that last rebound. The White Zombie (Steve Blake) not so much.
Great quote by "From an algorithms perspective, this is a great time to be alive."
#celticschat keep using those T's and soon you wont have any left..=D
Thank you for having me. I am so grateful to have met you and all the other wonderful people at the Encuentro. Fantastic!
My nigga I'm faded !!!! Ayye
hay baby
What is wrong with Tyler the Creator's head? Like really?
Good to see Bynum coming back, Lakers still need new blood!
delete it and redownload it...that's what I had to do
Jim Hubbard? Does he want all three of us to get together or just you and me?
RT : In honor of Wine Wednesday, I'll drink a glass while studying for finals
There is nothing as distracting as walking by the outdoor patio at Justins on the way from the train
I think we want girls to be strong and take care of themselves. It comes back to bite us. Mine is driving me crazy.
RT : The early bird gets the first cup of coffee. (Cc: ) / I got a whole pot!
HH Students are collecting funds to help with tornado-affected families in southern Indiana. Be sure to donate and be a helpful Hoosier!
#Np French Montana - wherever we go ft. Wale,, this song is ToUgH.
You cannot patch a soap bubble.
: "wait..what time is it in japan?" -
Killing more antivirus processes. What's the /real/ virus here?
please follow me or wish me a happy birthday today it would really mean a lot coming from u
This time next year I won't have to worry about going places cuz I will have my driver's L & my own whip! Can't wait
Tonight's's the last chance to catch The Parking Lot Movie at Vinegar Hill Theater in Charlottesville: 2 SCREENINGS LEFT!: 7pm, 8:45pm.
oh yea, lmao!
Heh. “: bin it. Technically you have fixed the problem. No phone, no problem :)”
cumbersome should be a word that's forgotten. thanks to seven mary three.
Thanks for the hugs today, Man, I love my job!
“: And w the 8th pick in the #NFLDraft the Miami Dolphins select Rudy from Notre Dame.” literally laughed out loud
Finishing "day" with coffee on State Street and tonight (7 pm) with presentation w/ UW Madison Ag Business Club to promote
Should I go see cabin in the woods??!
Its good to keep a very good peraonality than to be an asswhole.
In theater with an un-memorized monologue...I hope I don't present :S
You make me feel like a grandma..
I like what you are doing here. You just followed me. I am following you back as I should. ;)
To purchase tov Comparison consumer surveys and ratings store Russell Khobbs TOV Of pitstsa the type of merchandise TOV :-)
Wittman says using hub won't solve problems
How's the weather where you are?
Passive agressiveness is like an SBD fart.
Lisa Burns is welcoming participants now providing some opening remarks on the day.
I hope you'll like it! thanks for the followback
yeah man , this like a get away lol
|--_~| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Watching Princess Diaries 2 with Grams 😊👑❤👵
I think the only way I'd watch "Mad Men" is if they had a "Game of Thrones" crossover.
I will be surfing soon:)
It got cold on Seattle today but it still ain't no
Let's Go!
same to you
Robinson cano hits bombs
The Morning Benders- Bedroom Covers is really doing it for me at the moment.
Nothing fancy. Just checking out functionality, interfaces, etc. Call me nosy.
Tell Me about It But Tomorrow I'm On All That lol
Feed your day-drinking munchies large 1 topping pizza only $9 now until 11pm
Merry Xmas pretty girl. Didn't know they had Xmas in S. DaKoder.......
Swans at my parents hs on mv - record temps today
Do you ever find yourself filling space just to make sure you're using every one of your 140 character limit on Twitter? Hm? Well, do you?
Place departing address(home) in box A Place arrival address(BHS) in box B Click get directions
#IGoToASchool With retarded / mean ass teachers
County first responders on scene of overturned vehicle eastbound I-66 near the Great Falls Rd overpass. Expect delays until cleared.
Thanks to our attendees for staying until the bitter(sweet) end of #loex2011 to see our presentation on digital wisdom! Safe travels, all.
Indian apples!
Thanks for the kind words, Dan! Looking forward to hearing you play soon!
Dessert time!
Hey you should give a free shirt to follower #409 !!
. Limited Vinyl on-sale at Noon EST today plus Free digital version up for next 24 hours-> www.sloanmusic.com
We will be in touch.
Thanks for all the info!
BallisLife!!! Now time for the weightroom!!
Of course the elevator stops working when everyone is moving out. Should be interesting!
your dogs hair!!
Sometimes to lose balance for love is part of living balanced life.
but i've watched the entire series like, 6 times. might have to do it again thoooo. good POINT.
See you Saturday night at the double door yea?
ah nice! what do you think of the music!?
I have the Kindle 2 wifi version, love it.
#icantgoadaywithout eating a DotFit bar! I should seriously buy stock in that company.
The energy/excitement at the youth media awards is intense
you talk dirty to her. so i can only imagine what the relationship is then!
im Goin to the parade Today : ))
Sterling: you cannot give me (anyone) everything that I want,or solve all problems, so don't try #ixda11 try for the permanent beta
How is everything!? R u going to Paris? Did u hear bak from that place in austin? DM me if u want
Thanks for asking, Chris - sent you a DM.
Once im over something, then comes the I dont care anymore, then its focus up time!...#aHuniT!
Weight training is going great! Every day motivates me closer to the goal: stronger body, losing the last few pounds & greater daily focus!
. praying for ya brother
BSG thanks all Veteran's who have served in our Armed Forces! Without your sacrifice, we wouldn't be the Land of the Free!
Paddle your way to tranquility on Florida’s rivers
Workplace #safety tip: An ergonomic chair reduces the risk of lower back injury, provides lumbar support & allows for a variety of seated...
where is breakfast
Franchise News IFA Acts to Protect Small Business Against Anti-Business “Card Check” Regulatory Tactics IFA Acts to Protect Small Busin
Welcome to the new #Brill Publishing twitter feed!
Fuente Aged Selection OpusX Lighters by Prometheus in stock
maybe another Dragon sneak peek today?
Admin Assistant job in MPLS interest in working as an admin for a financial services firm with a great team: , ,
just beasted my run. chilln for the rest of the night.
#grammy album of the year. adele, 21.
I thought mr adams made that up!
I DM'd you his email address as well.
And that's the way ya do it
oh and I need this place to have a laundry facility (because I act like a Mexican with 8 kids doing laundry)
everything in life isn't meant to be planned.... some things will just happen
How about those jets
Eight tickets left for #Wicked! $40 in 254 Mudd.
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over? -John Wooden
listen www.youtube.com/sorawentv
you'd probably like being near a Target anyhow
is my favorite site cause Britney fans around the world are united & this site serves as my daily newspaper.
Just made my own targets to break in my shiny New sigsauer mosquito 22
Happy Easter!
ima go to sleep babe ill call you in the morning sweetdreams
Today in Blues History: Singer Hank Ballard born Nov 18, 1936, in Detroit, Michigan
finally out..its too nice out here if ur lookin for me il be a pulaski park hoopin
Thank you, Lovely Lady!
Sweet Tart shot kicked in on the walk home.
or 1 ferret ill call it fair
Mix the wrong feelings together, the right kind of bad with the wrong kind of good, and you'll wind up with a total breakdown.
u stole it
every girl is beautiful in her own her way:)
Lady Gaga & Little Monster. This isn't just an idol and fans, this is a family. What we have is special.
shopping spree? Lol
So strange RT “: God almighty. The REF shoved Roman”
hows it going?(:
I'm on Spring Break, Yeah! Now what do I do with my first day off?
I don't take anything you say seriously either. I hope yalll know dattttttt.
tomorrow !! Early take kevin
yes!!! Can't wait!
Dis nigga cologne smells like cooking oil!
Taking a big test tomorrow D; if I don't pass them I'm gonna flunk :( wish me luck plz? <3
I don't know if I remember how to drive lol
no worries man .... By the way u should love ur hairy legs !
GM to my twitter pplz and to the fam FWM
fools be coming outta no where.
we received our shipment of liquid goodness today! We will enjoying your wine with our family this Christmas. Merry Christmas
It's a Tuesday. Seems like compelling reason for chicken.
that should have said DUDE!.. sorry too many post hockey game beers
Let's play : Stand-by!, pt. 2
have you tried almond butter yet? I know I know.... not the same...
I forgot about Hans. Good One. How about Grand Admiral Thrawn- Star Wars Heir to the Empire.
#JamesDolan Will Do Watever To Help The Team I Kno The #Knicks Has Not Been Winners For A While But He Always Spent Tons Of Money On Team.
I want to be able to wake up on the seaside every morning
Ima be so bored in Gardena...I know no one out here
's boyfriend video....... oh dear lord. i thought it wasn't possible for him to get even more attractive... i was wrong.
great party last night!! so glad i won tickets!!
pick-up soccer in Mission. KS on Saturday (New Years Eve) morning. Need a workout?
my 7 grade one I looked fucking retarded >.<
Cool. You should talk with about our API, too :) What markets are you guys in?
I just have TurboTax running right now
thanks for the address. Will probably be in Itewon again - hope to stop by, only a couple more days in Seoul!
You can tell the people that don't get Paid til next week.. They Tweets Bitter as Hell right now! :)
wedding and softball this weekend, quince, a concert and irish fest next weekend. I'm a buzy bee bzz
we will have no quarrel with scienas boot
Fuck.. My Sims game don't work anymore :(
WTF has Disney Channel & Nickelodeon turned into ?!!?! ^.^
Patron-driven acquisitions; E- preferred books and poor metadata for them: lots of retirements RR summary
I like to throw in a Billy Madison quote any time possible =) RT : Haha well played
also need to stop worrying about being first all the time. Just get it right.
thank you :D
For I will give you words and wisdom that none of your adversaries will be able to resist or contradict. (Luke 21:15 NIV) Felt led 2 share.
You need to come to Nashville and put on a actual concert!! <21 (:
that's a VRY professional looking profile pic.
Make me one when I get back RT man all I'm missin is sum nacho cheese doritos
Irony: I had a nightmare last night about leaving babies behind. #NotAMommy?
“: Twitter managers in full effect right now.” No kidding!!
Wow. Jackhammer at 7:50am outside my window, then doorbell ring at 9:50am, and NV Energy resetting power (and alarm clock) a few mins later.
mhmm. this actually could be a good thing. (:
Going to stay at my dads for the first time in MONTHS!
"Every Mission is Possible, despite inevitable dangers. Trust your abilities, Ignore fear, be creative and complete the task!"—DJohnson T&B
When Your Absolute Best Guy Friend Makes Terrible Choices And Might As Well Disappear.
I would def. ride the phones if I am Hammond and have a free moment..
Hanzo Archives helping companies archive their web presences for both corporate history preservation and legal protection.
RT : "People take more action when you take more interest."
Here at least! Headed to bed so I can have an awesome day tomorrow!
can get the dick, the whole dick, and nothing but the dick.
NBA really pushing their "global image." Sponsor on jerseys probably a good brand play. Makes them look more "global."
1405 words written - I only need 1000 more in 9 hours
early birdie
I seen at least 5 bands on Bourbon St Friday night alone better than Fray! Wasn't feeling the Anthem!
Congratulations to Bower Shipe and Gladden for winning the Smashbox makeup giveaway! PM me for details.
Bouta be at baseball:D
happy to supply the earplugs.!
#StalkerStatus I remember running away from her.
It's on Sunday in HERMOSA. lol that's fun to say..... HERMOSA. xD
At the Ace Hotel...if I just play on my iPhone I'll fit in.
RT : is proud to drop the bass with at The Ohio State University on Saturday, May 12th for #BigFreeConcert 2012
RT $6 Trillion In Fake US Treasury Bonds Seized In Switzerland: ackthpt writes "If you're going to steal, steal big......
When Roethlisberger raped that girl, I wonder if he at least gave her a terrible towel to clean up?
RT : Fruit and Veggie salad bars are an easy way of incorporating #localfood. #Farm2School Doesn't require recipe adaptation
1. Collect details while filming. Date time location if able to do so. Noteworthy info if available or if safe
"When a theater refused to show 'I Am Curious,' Mr. Rosset bought the theater. He then sold it back after showing the movie."
so bored.
Have a great Thanksgiving everyone!!! :)
about it if I can come or not because that's the only time I am available, REPLY BACK PLEASE! I WANT TO GET THINGS SORTED OUT!
I hope you have a WONDERFUL birthday !!! May all your wishes come ture ! Happy Birthday Michele ! #LoveTheMahomies <3
Thx for the follow...following you too!
Criminal Minds is an amazing show!
i want a job over summer that pays well ! i would love to work at a camp
It's 11:11 if only could answer my question:)
I said don't worry about a thing, because every little thing is going to be alright.
Hi guys(: haha
Danny Ainge is going to hit the post-game spread hard, it appears.
you may want to follow He's more fun than Brett or I...
My pleasure! Keep it going! // RT : Thank you for sharing about our challenge to entrepreneurs!
And we Love you right back . . . And ain't nothing you can do about it. :-)
we have Adidas Dry Fit Men/Women specific shirts. We've had perfect Fall weather the past 3 yrs & hope for another good year!
Cancer cure for breakfast
This wonderful artist is here at twitter! He also just anounced an auction of one of his works, you must check it out!
Unfortunately we have no goodies. But let us know if we can be of help another way!!
Of the sweet cheeba RT Oh? ": My finger tips smell "
SNEAKY SNEAKY LITTLE MAN!!!!
": Do more than belong, participate. Do more than care, help. Do more than believe, practice. - William Arthur Ward"
Morning John! You're at it early!
It absolutely is. It's a jaw-dropping natural environment, right in the center of the City. I went there too, 30 years ago.
Today should be called Imitate Day.
My moms on a medical mystery rampage using the Internet.. Never trust the Internet.
Thanks for RTs and
I'll be interviewing Max Collins of Eve 6 today at 5pm on The Zone @ 94.1. Spread the word ReTweet this bad boy.
Had to remind muh fuggas who's court they were on
RT thanks for the follow honey
we'll get that out soon :) thanks for caring for my poor gums! lol
Now you tell me! I'm with friends! We're at Mad Mex! I'm trying to diet.
Who is your songwriting hero?
No problem!
haha don't be hatin.. Just come with it on the mixtape
You see that nigga Meech thats a scary sight
About to destroy these parmesan garlic wings
The Voice might have hooked me. Crap.
As in all grad courses, professionalization is one of the goals. Today was a great example of new forms of teaching & learning.
try bloomberg!
I need followers and supporters. First phase of filming to begin this Saturday!
#Health and #Happiness starts by slowing down to enjoy every moment of your life.
After a fun football filled Sunday, it's back to business.
mother-in-law whom she had worked with, saying, “The name of the man with whom I worked today is Boaz.” 20Naomi said to her #Torah 49/9
Good Morning and Happy Friday to All!!!!!
“ “ Dang I regret giving #oomf my number.””
There are always two sides to the story. The truth and a lie.... You choose which one you want to repeat.
I'll be at Spring on Brady today, hosting a summerfest giveaway table, be there! I'll be the guy perfusely sweating.
U were suppose to @ me slow poke...
So happy for you Faith. Truly. More soon...
Not 100% sure of availability to get together but I will be in Austin tomorrow night if anyone wants to get together.
Good morning. Coffee and a Quote: "First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do." -Epictetus
Dude next to me is severely hurting my sense of smell and head. Men need to not shower in cologne, just makes me wanna throw up on y'all..
I hate when my tweets are about love.
School is so fun !!!
Early voting begins in 2 days at 441 4th St. NW! Mark your calendar and be sure to cast your write in vote for Adrian #Fenty for
HA! I know that. It's for the resettled Somalian population in Columbus. About tracing to reconnect with lost family.
real good
We'll be live with our friends on today at 6:00 cst. Tune in and listen at www.fearlessradio.com
guess what else?
#h2sscavengerhunt next clue. Restaurant opened black Friday of 1996. Come fly your way over for 2 great gifts.
Follow me on instagram :D
=UPDATE= As USD graduates we understand studying, packing, & moving can take all day and night, so we're open the next 24+ hours.
Chopped in my zone text my line
#1 reason I choose to watch the #NFL network draft coverage over #ESPN. No Chris Berman!
Thanks doll!
Are you kidding me.. C'mon
My two very old dogs are making me feel like Henry II
looks comfy!
Lehrer: Young people need to be taught media literacy.
Congrats on getting 10 mil on UnFriend You!
So funny u were SO disgusted that was going to call the police on u now she's by ur side all "yeah that's a snitch"
So true. Being happy is the best revenge.
Info Tech: 3 hours of Facebook, Pinterest, and Twitter.
I just read a review that the Hunger Games movie is terrible... THAT CAN'T BE TRUE!!!
Using QDC symbols to drive massive traffic to your your product/service = hottest new trend
It's damn near seven and I haven't eaten anything today..
I'm sure your fam would be proud :)
A cute little boy just said hi to me. From beneath the bathroom stall door.
sorry you couldn't make it down. Stop by and see us sometime soon!
Quote of the night from as the boyfriend video played on #TheVoice "Oh, shit"
Wow it is HOT today!
watchin dancing with the stars. cant wait for #raw !!!!!!!! im not gonna c breaking dawn
Guess I'll deal with it.
Le drinking vodka and juice during math class.
Seniors warned about fraud by Better Business Bureau
Follow library tracks throughout the day for #ebksmt @ hashtags #pub, #acad &
The best leaders are the ones who develop relationships with people who are not like them
Going to bed with visions of kick off in our head! this friday
YOU! i've iss you!- i love ssaying iss and not miss-
I'm now Not much shorter of a username, but easier to remember.
Oh great! I'm sure it'll be even more awesome :) Hope you have a nice wkd too!
Thursday is the last day of the first camps of 2012. Campers...how's it going?
if it had been a disaster you would have been informed. Thanks for the concern.
I AM SO SLEEPY!!
has a lot more followers than i thought it did!
Seau's gunshot wound is near the chest & not the head. Anyone else think he left the door open to examine his brain?
where can i find the link?
Hello Bridget! Long time no talk! Very nice to see you on here! Call me because I need to talk to you.
What's your favorite part about dining at Maguire's?
lemme go on and follow you backk. (:
My advice: Enjoy college as much as possible while you're there. If you like Mifflin, go. If not, don't go. Just don't be an idiot.
Of course we're friends!
this is a joke. Funny.
Interactive news is only interactive if it's live at the time you watch it. DVR'n it won't allow you to see it in real time. Amazing huh?
RT : “It’s a funny thing, the more I practice the luckier I get.” -- Ben Hogan
yea thats probably from the comeback. niggas was playing like sissies. we had to close that gap in the 4th tho
hey! So I dont think Im gonna make it to class today. Would u mind telling me if he says anything important? Im sure he wont
will also start to shift as processes are outsourced to a provider in another country
Happy #MLKday, everyone! Are you doing anything cool in honor of this special day?
Finally threw out some old bananas because once they go black you never go back.
FREE FREE FREE Workshop TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW 7 PM!
heck yes!
And many have prospered, to the benefit of the American economy.
you rock
Have after school today
i mean... im not mad at for getting back with HAVE YOU SEEN HIS ----?!?!?!
If I was a girl I would be a millionare but I'm almost there as being a guy 300 more k and I'm there
Good luck on your chem test tomorrow babe.
Good news, they found a Mayan calendar going past 2012 so we aren't going to die this year after all. Now get back to work everyone.
We love that turkey hat (nice cap and scarf too). The IOTA Solutions staff is enjoying time with family today, then back work!
I'm not ashamed to say I miss you because I do, but that doesn't mean I'm not trying like hell not to.
A world without Wikipedia and Craigslist? NO THANKS! I oppose SOPA and PIPA. Censorship is more dangerous than theft.
and I feel like we are in a horror movie cause we are driving through a forest and listening to a song that made us feel like
food needs to be done NOW
I'll pay 20 dollars to eat 4 scotch bonnet pepper in 2 minutes ...just like your cousin did on worldstar yesterday!
When you want to #succeed as bad as you want to #breathe, then you'll be successful...
Thanks for following.
In tha classroom on tha phone while tha teacher in this bitch
board plz someone tweet me
kakaka! So one more Rihanna joke and it's #gameover !! haha
Smaller Magnetic Materials Push Boundaries of Nanotechnology
it's just such an exciting thing - filled with lots of emotions - as you've shared your life journey with all of us - I have
#YouGetPointsIf You give me food.
Super tired and hungry, but I need to work out before I relax.
i sold an image to Random House Publishing today!!!
I have something to show / tell you
I love giving people advice, but no one ever asks.
CONGRATS on the new job! They are SO lucky to have you!
"We are all looking for the underground city. Sometimes it seems the library is that city, & we at the library wander its unnamed streets. +
#LetsStayTogether It reminds me of a song called "stay here forever" from Jewel Kilcher, her songs are my style.
holy jesus yum!
I recommend using L-Carnitine pills! What supplements do you use?
You are more on top of this than we are! We'll try to get something up later today.
I have never gotten you to RT me or reply to me or follow me. Today I'm home sick. make my day and do one of those? Please? :)
I hope the #mnleg comes to it's senses and votes to keep the #Vikings in #Minnesota. Hold your #legislators responsible for their no votes
I'm sure this has been said before, Stan Van Gundy and Ron Jeremy........
#CanadianLawForum is tomorrow (9/9)! Stop by the booth #500 if you're in #Toronto #Canada :
Very punny. Try the veal
I heard that sucked...Paula doesn't wanna drive to Oviedo
Spacewalk throughout the day Wed. Is it on the education channel? Sorry, I just don't want to miss it.
We get year books tomorrow huh ?
“: I need to go to a concert.” Same.
Same time.
Our CUCINA PREFERITI offers #restwk prices w/o sacrificing quality or service. 4 course tasting menu for $30pp.
should be a regular segment.
we take old computers and make them like new to be used again. Jesus takes broken people and makes them new to serve a greater purpose.
you too!
The next best thing to being truely great is to emulate the great. -Napoleon Hill
..but we'll definitely run up, so look a little closer ;)
Kentucky Vs Kansas. Who do you have winning it all?
“: I can't wait for friday night football games.”watching me do ma thang I'm gonna point at u lol.
Doin it BIG tonight
eh yeah unfortunately one of the worst things lol
I second that! She's right ur beautiful :)
AIRLINES ARE LIKE EVERY OTHER MAJOR CORPORATION-THEY ARE TOO GREEDY FOR THEIR INCOMPETENCE!! OVERBOOKING=MONEY OVER CUSTOMER CARE
Bummed that you didn't get a ticket for tonight? There will be room for standing after all reserved seats are filled!
thanks! you guys rock : )
S/O for always looking out. Get familiar! I'm proud of ya homie!!
thank you David.
Y'all better be on the lookout for my folks pushin this KAOTIK movement
XC - frbrizing marc records as an interim step to linked data - c4l12
Off to meet the talented Craig Hazen for coffee......Easton....you are getting hip!
Remember when albums would leak and we would send them to each other over AIM?
Architectures of Possibility is now on my reading list. Thanks for sharing this interview!
She only appears when you need her the least. Insomnia's a bitch.
just reread your post & am excited for my run tonight JUST for the post-stretch! thanks for the motivation!
"True, it may seem like a stretch, but its thoughts like this that catch my troubled head when youre away when I am missing you to death."💚
I just saw a video of him and Marilyn Manson play a show together... totally got me wet. yummy!
You guys are so emo. You're gonna be the ones who quit and leave foulweathers to run the comments? Come on now.
should follow me because I look up to him, watch his videos, FOO' I even started DJing cause of you<33 so please follow back(;
did you make it to super tuesday at press club last night? Didn't see you!
Strong fathers in the home who are involved, solves the issue. More family, less greed! "Disenfranchised Dads" at lulu.com! CARE!
You could've been Brady Quinn. “: I realized i could not have picked a worse athlete to be a parody of”
you're such a true friend. I couldn't ask for more from you. I'm so sorry your going through all of this. I love you! <3
True love means two seeds grow separately until they join in Matrimony forever.
Bendd it ova
Sharpton's mother has died, yet he remains vigilant fighting for justice for Trayvon Martin, saying that is what she would want.
People sometimes mistakenly believe that factoring is just for manufacturers, but factoring is for virtually every type of business.
omg that so bad
Have a Great Day Hon!!!xoxoxoxo
Thank you to for a wonderful event this morning hosted by + Inspirational Women!
RT #congrats on #Kelloggs commercial! - Thanks hon!!!!
Not tonight. But we don't mind if every night is "pack the yard" night. We're working on something big for the next one.
Made a great dinner for us last night :) Delicious.
Where has spring break gone...? Didn't it just start?
Currently refactoring the first library module I wrote using XQuery (from 2008). Making it simpler and cleaner.
and why not? Lol.
Wow. This birds cage is truly rattled. I'm done. It's time to get back in the kitchen , clean and bake cookies
purple bling??? Love it!! We better get used to listening to that stuff.. its getting near
gun never on safety....im
Jesus took Peter, James,&John and led them up a high mountain. His appearance changed from the inside out, right before their eyes.-Mark 9:2
“: Happy about 2012. Good family, friends, animals, & vids. I know it sounds cheesy but...”I'm thankful for you too, Shane <3:')
There are secret off-menu items that are amazing
Ladder sprints on the 'mill and a one rep max of 60lb for hang clean + press makes for a solid workout.
What do you out there think? How do you think we can prevent youth violence? send questions or comments?
studying for the impossible.
Pumped to see some launches soon :)
love you jimmy
Virginia Beach is a wonderful host to NFBPA conference!
headquarters, off of GA ave shattered glass window
It's looking like it's gonna be a beautiful weekend in America's Finest City. We are lucky. Prayers go out to those in the South.
I'm just the messenger, thank Siri for her undying love for you. :)
You are welcome.
same I love those cable boxes cause we get to watch the new Shake It Up episodes at the exact same time as the east coast
Everything should be all good now? Right? I kinda think it wont. I gotta bad feeling.
Enjoy. I should probably be there as well. whoops.
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.~William James
i hope wins at the teen choice awards!!!
I guess I brought this on myself, eh Boogie Shoes?
RT : Daily reminder: Make at least one person happy today.
Geoff Norman, "Draw me a picture of the universe."
“True power is when you have every obligation to take someones life, but you choose to let them live
Pie me in the face for #LoveIsLouder because LOVE IS LOUDER THAN HATE
Is the rapture zombies coming back to earth? Rapture=Zombie Apocalypse?
dinner time(:
The Golf Enterprise Account makes $--lots of money (millions), because of Torrey Pines-other two courses lose $. Filner is under informed.
Ready to be black. 🔥☀
Getting my chest waxed. YOLO.
Please visit the Dream Farm. www.DreamFarm.US
#mcdm546 Q: Anyone see any connection between the #occupy movements and the Hoovervilles during the Great Depression?
Already crazt out + about in L.A. Universal Studios then party central, oh my!
Ah! Devin! We didn't mean to leave your name out. It was an accident. THANK YOU for following and for the RT.
no worries. I'm never offended by short jokes, it's not like I can change my height. It is what it is.
That moment when you get a cute text & stare at your phone smiling.
That's how you feel, huh? That's really how you feel
SNL alum Kevin Nealon on Twin Cities Live today....watch it today at three!
Watching Othello, performed by Flatwater Shakespeare.
Duh, sorry. Try again!
loudness wars will never end just the frequency battlegrounds will change
Our President Barry Lipsett had a blast at the WBUR Regatta last weekend. He loved the rowing lessons on the Charles River!
thats cool (: maybe i can see you another time
#1 skill to master is to pick the right people and put them in the right seats
My first Tweet: I am US Appraisal Group, Attorney Appraisal Services' new business development manager - www.usappraisalgroup.com
I'm an Ales Kotalik away from 100 followers.
Kaytal: Medicare argument is a tough sell and unlikely to be overturned.
Evelyn is the best. 💙
Ryan Adams brining me in to Charlotte!
#Icriedwhen I saw the pain you are going through.
Pumpkin spice cliff bars. Buy me a lifetime supply please.
Detroit Girls are the prettiest
partying by myself tonight. ;)
I always look forward to your tweets to me everyday. :)
Hahaha RT : plus half my tweets are x your not about that life
your peach-colored running skirt from your marathon relay - where is that from?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY FROM THE YOUR US FANS WE LOVE YOU SOO MUCH!! Hope all your dreams&wishes come true!Love you Nath
yooo! now following ya :)
None ought to govern who is not better than the governed
Exactly! RT : No Excuses. Get It Done.
morning Peter, we are talking prayer now.
Just got Tribeca Film Festival tickets to see #TheRevisionaries -- Can't wait! Good Luck to Vijay Dewan :)
RT : Humility is not thinking less of yourself but thinking of yourself less. --C.S. Lewis
thanks for introducing me to !
when we drinking on one?
You are doing great... When I can see your #Hummingbirds website
#blend11 Josh Jarrett from Gates Foundation says 150(?) of 600 NGLC preproposals were blended learning and were the strongest projects.
Looking forward to talking w/ on Sunday am. Tune in to hear about growing #VoteNo momentum!
I like all of the recent moves they've made too. run game and passing d need upgrades
Connor doesn't only make basketball courts for the #FinalFour. They make our Plyo Floors, too. Great story in !...
We will not remember what you say but yet what you do. Are you serving in some way? Find your passion and give. www.youthoutdoorsu.org
Good morning! :)
I don't wanna go to PNC Park anymore
Despite not being able to open PDFs, I was able to finish my proposal draft and article critique.
I got a rubber in my pocket and I'm talking like this....
denial. That will not be a better hangover hence better Vegas doesn't exist.
Forget auto-completing anything about Matisyahu.
Remember my name cause you'll be screaming it later (;
Thank you for the shortout. alright, now let me talk you about the issue...jk
i can 'sit and wait' for installs, packages, hell freezeover. That way you can be in more than one place at a time!
Aw, sorry I'm sick today! RT : Homework for a bit until its time to head over to NOISE to work w/the beautiful today! :)
If these niggas air ball one more shot!!
