is there a direct link?
On my way to the mall gotta buy her a mothers day gift really fast, what can i buy with $300
thats where everyone does
yess.. great interpretation of the word!
3 6 9 Productions has a website now! Come see and tell us what you think: 369productions.org
Natural gas and oil production in Texas' Eagle Ford Shale are forecast to grow more than 3x and nearly 6x, respectively, in the next decade.
ok nah she just collapsed but fuck, it'd be fucked up if she died. such a sad turn of events for her
Coffee became more commonly accepted after it was allowed as an acceptable Christian beverage by Pope Clement VI in 1600.
dear iTunes, thanks for crapping out 5min from the end of the video I was watching for class. Grrr. I was on a notetaking roll!
(the cancer, of course, not the chemo center)
a faculty member sent it out to the dept. i'll keep my eyes peeled! how's your prep for the move to IL?
and the people where the backdrop fell got a high platinum and first overall, even with biscuits, crotch tilts, and flailing arms.
Not all of us can afford to be "wined & dined" at a guy's Pro day ;)
Hm, think I'm going to try out for brunch on Sunday. Their crepes and breakfast sandwiches sound awesome!
same here just got done watching it
": #ThingsINeed to stop being such a hater/bully. #getalife #stopworryingaboutmine" bitch please my lifes awesome
Use good oil when cooking. Smell and taste it: If it doesn't taste good alone, it won't taste good in your food.�
At applebee's with my best friends
Become a sound bite machine and reporters will love you for it. The best quotes are pithy little sentences that seem to sum everything up.
Feel better!! Don't give up! We're here for you!
Thanks! So glad you enjoyed Body & Soul! :)
I love #misletoe! Soo AMAZING! LOVE YA (:
discovered & his band ohh im in love they are awesome.i love your call me maybe cover.just want you to know you can call me, baby
We are in a position to improve education, but we cannot move the needle alone, says Ward.
#WaysToMakeMeHappy Don't say things you don't mean.
his scoring is consistent. He makes things easier on LBJ & Wade. Now they'll have 2 play more mins. His perimeter D, rebounding.
Intelligence and hard work run in the family. Way to go! RT : I was inducted 2010 and my sister will be inducted this year. =)
Fitna take a nap before the games come on.... I feel a whoop comin on cuz.
She take me to mister a'swhile she dropping off mcdonalds to you saying she going on a date.
And a good morning to you too!
Pretty awkward when you and your mom are texting the same person! I'm so sorry
lmao RT : RT : Perkins headed to the locker room. This could really hurt OKC's chances of winning by 30.
Well that'll shake up some brackets!
We love you Gayle and appreciate everything you to for Tampa Bay!
I fail a being attractive.
ima try to most likely
Thank you! I try to serve - I'm glad you think that's amazing ;-) RT #FF to because he's amazing :)
Just finished writing my wedding vows. Now I just need to learn how to rap.
Performing on the trap set with tonight at Public Assembly. 8:30. See you there!!
Some nights all your teams win 😃 but still some nights they all lose 😔
This is your best performance yet!
Got my first check from google. Chester's paying my bills.
its alright, not first choice.
thats right because there is no going back
Watched Monte Carlo. I'd like a first class ticket to Paris, please.
He had a "hand, act and part" in the investigation, so like bad bankers, w/ regret he has to go
CHECK OUT ME PICS!x
Don't worry sash you'll be in a real sports town this fall : natitude doesn't exist
that's my plan
VLJ's March Divorce Seminar is tomorrow at 10:30am! If you cannot make it, RSVP for April!
Sometimes I love nature. Sometimes nature blocks my sight lines.
RT : Today in 1841, President William Henry Harrison died. 9th US Pres. & 1st to die in office.
Many thanks for the
All is fair in love and war. Words of wisdom from Gabby from a book. ^_^ #she'sgreat
RT : YOU can't hang with the Devil and expect GODLY results...<<AMEN!
Think I am gonna go n at 4. Need to clear my head think of sum else
": Lil Wayne told to cut the grass at his Louisiana mansion, which is on sale for $1.7 million..." SO-MANY-JOKES! Brain overload...
my birthday is tuesday and all I have wanted since 7th grade is 4 u to follow\RT\DM. Will it happen well #nsn!
I miss cuddling, just talking, and having someone to tell me goodnight everynight its like I cant sleep without it
When in doubt, mumble.
Lol I do the same thing
you are so beautiful girl!!!!! :)) xx
thx! How's yours?
The Comedy Awards.. GOOD OR BAD IDEA??
Very nice! I'm actually checking out the 09 Foret for starters.
Friend:*Wakes up first*"Great. I'll just sit here and wait"-Best friend:*Beats them with a pillow*"Wake the fuck up! I'm hungry!"
"if a dude at your party is wearing a floral print ascot tie and matching peach handkerchief, smack the ish out of him"
Mark Cuban just said that he has a company policy that if anyone that works for the Mavericks tries to start the wave, they are fired!
Beautiful sunshine outside right now! What are your #Indy Saturday plans?
you are welcome
What the fuck ever
WHERE DF IS THEE DXMN BUS AT ? I'M READYY TO GO DF OFF LIKE !!!
Oh lord. #4 is bitching about his cat again. "It's a person! You guys have a responsibility to take care of it when I'm out smoking pot!"
Masai Ujiri guarantees he resigns JaVale.... NICE! Now I gotta get his jersey!
OMG!! RIP Adam Yauch
I would have really like to have a full head of thick hair so that I could receive dreadlocks.... it must not have been for this life
New Costume Mens Deluxe Voltron Costume
spending my last day of spring break watching the hunger games videos... im such a fan geek..
Natalie Portman needs to learn mic control when she claps
I'm in class.....today is a good day regardless of my grammies previous irking this morning! xD
Another awesome day with my Leadership Miami friends. Really proud to be part of a group of such good-hearted, smart and passionate people.
Thx! Hopefully we can all share stories over dinner soon :)
Let's have some new cliches. Samuel Goldwyn (1882 - 1974)
I'm borednxD
Great strategy sessions in NYC. Takeaway: 2012 will be a pivotal year - a number of portfolio companies approaching inflection points
Omg! Just witnessed a wicked suv collision. Didn't even look real! Got me shook. Damn
cinnamon toast crunch and coffee. breakfast of champions :)
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art-John Lasseter
it's on my agenda for tomorrow and Onana is on board with #9/11 post...
This is the cat's way of saying, 'Look, you're not picking the Derby winner; I know it, but you're not catching on to it.'
we FUCKING had it! Damn I'm shaking! Game 6 it is
love that song<3
I'm taking a road trip just me and my baby!!!
Reading contest entries is always very interesting.
Hey Sis! Thx! I hear the Love already! :D How R U doing?! & Ur sweet family? LuvU :)
The fact that were already making summer plans >>>>>>>
“Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in a mirror. You are the eternity and the mirror.”
love they way u lie
Thought-provoking event Wed w/ Called 4 need 4 strg coalitions & broadening focus beyond fixing schools 2 serve all kids
ayy fuck you to the people that unfollowed me. you wasn't with me shootin in the gym anyways -_-
Cahill charged with fraud and conspiracy over taxpayer-funded Lottery ads that ran while he was in office.
It's true, ya jerk.
the shit micah just toll me >> ..
Oh bummer!
Happy Friday everyone. We hope your ready for a great weekend.
Dust is mostly made of dead human skin.
Eating someone L&L Hawaiian Barbecue. It's so bomb! 😍👍😁
No problem and my name is ponypiegirl
Rickywayne. Somebody named their kid Rickywayne. Huh.
it's not showing, gayblade
Thanks for the mention. Where are you, Australia?
Boo! Maybe you should look for a partner who can provide free eye screenings at your library.
": My girlfriend is leaving me cause of my obsession with Africa. Uganda be kidding me, Kenya believe it?
1 up Mr President
where u at?
plz follow me I love u so much
Today my PT asked me if I rewarded myself for running 50miles this weekend, I said "Isn't running 50miles reward enough?"
Prez , Dividing our Troops over Armed Forces Radio is wrong no matter who does it. Please #StopRush Limbaugh from doing it. tyvm
♥♥♥♥♥ RT : OK, all other bacon, Imma let you finish, but bacon lollies are the greatest bacon of all time!
Three significant elements of public safety: engagement, enforcement and prevention. Focus on gun crimes #seamayor ^ap
you're annoying :)
Jury duty :/
First tropical storm of the season has formed 650 miles SSW of Manzanillo, Mexico. #Aletta Some strengthening likely.
We are at halfway point. A lot of tough positions still out there, including 1 and 2. Best spots left 8, 12 and 13.
we'll see what we can do for sure. Don't forget the big trips too; couldn't ask for a better schedule
Alright man goodnight.
I thought my feet were big until I met !!!
I listen to A$AP Rocky
ahhaa. another joel .
Done! I wonder whether they will respond.
you're so contradicting!
Thanks, Cheryl!!!
I've been watching you for 3 years now this was uncomfortable to watch to be honest.
Best part of puppet show according to kids' reactions: squirting water and a barrage of fluttering tissue paper fish.
he got out of that wheelchair and made something of himself! And he knows the ghettos of Toronto.
"When you are made to choose between two good things, don't just think of what you'll get when you pick one, but think of what you’ll...
Everyone could use more patience.
what days u work
I am white , live in by Pat Park , sts not yet plowed. Secondary rds , side sts. come last, no matter what your color.
is jealous that I am going to phillies vs cubs thurs. Wrigley Field, baby.
Thanks for the RT! Hope to see you there!
Heads up #OKC - tonight is Whiskey Chick's owner Kevin McCracken's birthday! He's turning 21 again ;)
We've rolled back some recent changes to our API Consoles until we can resolve a minor instability. Sorry for any trouble.
3 pages in
DALN's #4c12 booth open today from 10 to 6, will also be here tomorrow and Saturday.
pleasure to meet you, to more shared tweets cheers!!
Oh Banana Bread, I can never resist you.
Thanks for the shout out!
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.
Some crazy football this weekend! #Stanford #USC game was ridiculous! Everyone better be on this #Bartab bowl!Send $1 drinks to win a party!
Agreed, we need to build intrinsic motivation, not destroy it with token economies.
I'd love to show you how we can generate the same social audience analytics on all the people sharing Forbes.com content.
Hey girl what's up!!
National Donut Day :}
Thanks!-->: Great post.”
a) nobody would want to watch it b) unfortunately no. I tried it once, not for me.
About to listen to at the !
ah priorities!
I've had it I just never used it
Sex Aint Better Than Love. Thats What Most Men FAIL To Realize & Thats Why They Can Never Find A REAL Woman!
And a "We want Davis" chant.
That was some sweet sportsmanship at the end of the play, too.
woo stick it to the man aoife!!!
Yea he's been a consistent major let down, Bring up some more young blood already!
Making Love 2 my Girlfriend, I caught a leg-cramp, but I wouldn't stop. Talking about Pain and Ecatasy.
Biting fingernails over purchasing a new car but alas, the time has come. I'm sure I'll be happy to have it soon.
I'm gonna say this again incase anyone didn't see... dont click on the email if u sent one to u, it's BS. God I hate hackers
Thank you to everyone who has visited (or will soon visit) #Beertown. We are all sold out for this year. Next time capsule opens in 2016.
Jackpot hit w/ Duck Rabbit Imperial Brown.
im sending something right now
You make my day beautiful and night wonderful
About to get up for a drive.
Mark whats the league minimum now day?
I LOVE Weeden. Oh he's in Cleveland? Nevermind
awe shucks. Still love u :)
Workin out body, mind, soul, and strength to glorify HIM
i would go back in time and assassinate 15 year old me in a heart beat
about to go in this yr. Been a bulls fan since 1997 (when I was 7). The '98 season is very vague in my mind. '12 will b vivid!
Busted pipes? This is SO not the time of year for that right? Give a call to DanielsHVACNM.com. #Albuquerque emergency #plumbers!
YEAH BEAT MESSY NACHOS BREAD!!
This kind of dance gets old fast so eventually Hulk writers realized they needed to change Banner's definition of a "cure."
You weren't there when I needed you, so why would you ever be?
And all along I believed I would find U. Time has brought UR <3 to me. I have loved U for a 1000 years. I'll love U for a 1000 more.
I picked 2012.
I don't mind Mondays....another day, another opportunity!
Thanks for sharing. I like the visual timeline of flights. Just in time to plan a summer vacation :)
Call Sen. J.D. Alexander's office to voice your concern about #USF's disproportionate cuts at: 850-487-5044.
Just relaxing outside with friends.
#808Pridenews i sent out 5email in under 3min. That had about 1000 words in them :P yeahh buddy
It's not as special, but I'll take it.(:
I think is like.. Mad at me :( I haven't got a reply on my last 3 tweets to him. <|3
The time to beat for the Lamp & Ballast Retrofit was set by Lambros Tsnaras from Monterra Apt Homes! 31.76 seconds...
Zig Ziglar~ The most important persuasion tool you have in your entire arsenal is integrity.
Oh Prodigy My Love, i hope your voice gets better soon<33 #GetBetterProd <333
i wont break ur heart:)
my brother VCR tapes taught me everything
Looking forward to supporting Meta House's Tweetup next week! Meta House does great work for women in Milwaukee, check them out.
either can we
They're using a tech mentality. Fail fast. Iterate. It's all part of a bigger plan.
If you watch #porn then you're a little #gay, I mean unless you only watch #lesbian porn then you somewhat wanna see some
Sitting in a facebook webinar, clearly these guys don't have #tigerblood in them. They don't know about
lmbo i was like shittt i dont know who it is
Smithsonian teaching about their collections and also about new media skills. Very cool.
thanks for the retweet!!!
you can watch #moviesinmypants, but
Friday!It's time to relax and have fun! Salute Wine Bar and Cafe. Open daily until 2am. 46 East Superior!
#raw10 I was n Ks City during the winter time. It was colder than a Pakistani Soldier w/ his balls in a Iron Jockey strap.
going to a wedding this summer or fall....bellafortebooks has the best custom wedding albums, honeymoon books, stationary and more.
Thank you for the follow. #Autism advocate myself and its great to see #Autism as your platform. Xo
I hate my hair nowadays 😖😞 it's too long & annoyingg.. 😡
I'm putting you right out of my mind.
Oh, right. I put all my losses in my blind spot...especially MTGO ones.
Missed on but love her - this new series / channel looks awesome!
#IReallyWant to see you smile :D
... RT : Wow. #Vikings have cut Ryan Longwell.
Welcome to Twitter
#BeliebersAreAllStupid <-- The guy that tweeted this is just jealous because he is fugly and every girl wants Justin....
Good Lord #Bridesmaids is funny.
Omar fades them all
hey you yeah you you're lovely c:
S/O to the Boyle varsity and jv softball teams on their wins tonight !
I Made Sherlock Holmes, That's My Son...
Our website is currently offline because of major updates to our shopping cart. We appreciate your patience and we will be back up shortly.
lol! Selecting the music.
Chandler Parsons is an example of every draft expert in the country failing.
Sorry for the delayed response. Thank you. Have a good day.
Enjoying great business networking at the #weexpo in Springfield
Glad I have some time until Lacrosse season
Are you paying more for cable, phone or internet than new customers? Call your provider and insist on paying the new customer price.
20 pages into my new book club book & I already despise it. Why can't *happy* things happen in literary fiction?
Admiring Eric Dolphy's phrasing. "Straight Ahead". Oliver Nelson.
Please Mr.Sandman give me a dream.
Is it CRAP? Evaluate web sources on Currency, Reliability, Authority, and Purpose.
A little unfair when neither of the other two candidates you have mentioned have ever written you, huh?
eek I've tried those, they're a mess
if i was one of the cast members,i would be luke. :)
-- congrats on your first week at , Ki Mae -- how exciting! Can't wait to see what you have in the pipeline...
get your study on with us! we're open til '10!!!
I Dont Use The House Phone So Don't Expect To Hear From Me For Like a Weak !!!
I do covers in requests of clients usually, but some are for fun, and I would definitely do them for fans such as yourself
Having your eye almost swollen shut kinda sucks
SO READY FOR MY SISTA BDAY WEEKEND!
Kirk Douglas is beyond adorable right now. I love old people!
I'm glad none of my computers accelerate past the speed of light when the cables are loose. That would be embarrassing.
happy birthday man!
So bored lol
Wow. Rondo tossed, bumped ref after T. Could be suspended.
Love being well groomed? Be sure to come into EWC Carmel for our new promo, Bare Necessities! Get a bikini wax and product AND a $3 wax!
Watching #SoLittleTime this show was my life omg
Livin on a prayer!!!!
I love that the Lakers are getting smacked around!!!!
ha, yes, you got it!
um, you have the hair color/cut i wish i could have. seriously.
3-0 #LAKings!!!!! It's strange to see the Blues breakdown...
ahahaha that's why you're my favorite. even if I do gotta keep explaining why there's female sneakers in my trunk, lol.
“: Give me that joy I can't explain.” add extra piece that'll ease my pain. I won't that love that'll never change. Give me that
Chillen at me G crib!
Word up sherome!
i didn't know summer was suppose to be this boring. SMH
omg what a great show, you'll love these pics!!
Just walked by Apostle Paul of our generation. What an honor!!
Things students say, midterm ed.: "The Black Panthers was a group led by Broker T. Washington that wanted to have seperate but equal laws."
Logging off for the night!!
DRG Rep the crew..
Work all day today but no class on monday
I'm pretty sure no one knows him. His name is James owens(runt) Group is Jivin scientists. It happened a few hours ago.
Oh yeah, I'll keep you posted!
anything you
We havent fallen off a barstool yet RT : it was bound to happen. i just fell on my way off a #cta bus. bus jolted, knee skinned.
lunch isn't the same :(
Bout rap tha night up and watch net flix.
thanks much! I am using compression gear, & cross training, I think I just ran too soon. Will give it a few more days.
Last episode of #OTH... so sad:(
Heard from a phenomenal client today - "thank you for investing yourself in us and our growth" now that's a good day.
if i was half as good-looking as him id take it lol ;)
I hate acting like I care about shit when I don't.
#librarians, what do you think? Is it good to put a QR code on your business cards?
Hey Doug, you ready for the heat? Real nice pumpkin you guys picked! Have a great Sunday, we are following back.
oh yeah thats a bet. I will be back home this weekend so we will get up then.
Irony. Left my last session. Walk into Gen X panel. Slide deck: should i stay or should i go
The table designs are so Chanelesque To die for!
Don't waste energy on things u have no control over
Family law court-where the lawyers hit below the belt and give the rest of us a bad name. R pledge: to raise the bar,not sink to their level
Well that was a fun Team meeting! Now for to get home so we can hangout!!!!!
Should i do a speech about nutella or Arizona's? Or somthing else
NO ITS THE TRUTH
finally caught up with #GoT and #LegendOfKorra......now what?
The players, coaches, and families of Tulsa and BYU had a great time tonight! Tomorrow will be jammed pack full of activities!
I USE TO BE A USE TO BUT I NEVER GOT USE TO BEING WHAT I USE TO BE
alliwantis this las vegas wind to blow out of here so I can enjoy my night of pressure washing ahead
it was alex and me
#blackmamba attack , conquer.
Saints are my 2nd favorite team(49ers #1), but Cajun food is my favorite. Ever consider a promo video? We're interested.
Wow I am speechless. RIP Whitney Houston 😥
Love you babe :) <3
free day in #Caracas. colleagues head off to the rum farm. it is ridiculously gorgeous here...
~> “: The men who learn endurance, are they who call the whole world, brother. Charles Dickens #quote”
I'VE GOT BIEBER FEVER ONCE AGAIN;; heartache is the best song ever. JB<3333
I think you should come visit kansas city. Id make u a cracking Sunday roast n even let u use the posh silverware
3 down plenty more to go between Facebook and my phone gotta love the list keeps getting longer the crew is smaller
Shark on deck! Where are you ??
- Great performance at Haze Las Vegas Tonight!
what's been good homie? You talked to Shi lately? He's got another little one on the way.
You think! MT : Boehner tells me, may not have been politically the smartest thing in the world to fight Sen payroll compromise.
Gods wisdom was provided to us to be shared, but most importantly applied, so that our lives would echo his will.
Is it a full moon? I thought that way while driving today .... ;) Hope it gets better!
• Create a dedicated sales page or Web site to promote a particular product
Wearing boat shoes, shorts, and my NorthFace jacket. What's wrong with me?? -___-
You know your fucked when you can't even answer the first question on a test.
my cat just got up walked across the desk and headbutted me I think he is hungry.
“: Thanks for the follow.....I appreciate it!” no problem man!
I passed my stats class
Aprecciate it man . Heres my email
I am VERY picky when it comes to music, so if I ever support a band or artist, then you know they are good
how far you away?
Would love to know what's behind that tweet...
#Artists Who Didnt Get Picked To #Perform For The ObviouslyYourMusic Was Not On The Appropriate Level. E'rybody Cant Win
one day in and already making an insurance claim? You guys are good!
I like seeing all the positive feedback and support for your classmates on Twitter in
thanks Roger:) hope your doing great!!
Let's go Dawgs!
me too omg and when the homework was so much easier, but yeah FUCK HIS UGLY ASS LOLOLOL
My cousin is probably the biggest bro I've ever met (:
You can react differently so that you can break down the walls; Jesus loves us differently, so must we. Pastor Mark
My baby made the perfect burgers tonight!!! My life is great!!!
Following the Diddit presentation at SFnewtech @ Mighty
Pounding rain everywhere... Not ideal for a #moving day. Adventure!
Met someone at #WISDOM2012 that uses his SL avatar "Nov Novo" for HR training. I figured would appreciate that idea!
Why do people think it's ok to poop on the train?
lol i wish i cud a nigga at work dozn off
Well so much for getting my nails done for prom. #thisalwayshappens 😒
hahah i dont blame you man might get merked on. Me you and Matt needs to get together soon.
By the by, Edwin Maysonet hitting a grand slam is why Ron Roenicke doesn't like to intentionally walk anyone.
Happy birthday !! <3
I'm sitting in the garage , eating my noodles . And the garage door is half open .. Just because I was hot inside . FTW
CitiField looks amazing with the blue walls.
I'm looking for forward to TBS's "A Christmas Story" 24hr marathon! The writer, Jean Shepard, was from our area.
RT Happy Friday! Fun fact for today: People are now sending 200 million tweets/day. This time last year? Only 65 million a day.
Hey Surfdash Fans! Today is Wild Weather Wednesday! Stay tuned for wild weather footage.... Have a great day!
why am i awake??? ugghhhh
Never sunbathe at the dog beach.
Cisco's Jeff Campbell says "pure" mobile data traffic driven by video
While folk are whooping it up at SXSW, Treyvon Martin has gone almost unnoticed by music celebs. For shame!
i have no plan wtf am i goin to do
nice to know. thanks for the tweet
Credit: it is the drug that the bankers deal to us to keep us enchained to their parasitic financial machine.
I WANT SOME PANCAKES!
what the SHIT is going down on ur page?! Checked in w you & felt like I should greased my face and take out my earrings!
There is nothing like Blast vs.Wave soccer.
Sunrise #Yoga with is now Tuesdays & Thursdays at 6:30am! Practice is better than that cup of java!
Success doesn't come to you — you go to it. —Marva Collins
The winner here may be , who successfully resisted calls for his hair before game 5. Way to fight superstition, sir.
I know! We laughed and knew we had to share it!
big prayers sent and many far away hugs!! March!!
I feel like one of my chorus teacher is going to snap at any moment...
In 1912, the Socialist Party of America nominated Eugene V. Debs for president at its convention in Indianapolis.
no problem. Email
Gatorade is the nectar of the gods for hangovers
I'm super excited to see you on Friday!!
Is it me or the whole library smells like armpit?
Just got home and my head is still pounding, this is ridiculous! I still haven't even gotten a call back from my doctor, wow...
Miami's new Jerseys are sexy.
S/O to follow him like real talk
you're welcome. Thank you for the follow, too.
works for us! Yay :)
is my gum dealer
nope. a kilt is too heavy.
uh text me back! #please :)
": I want an enchilada :) making that tomorrows mission"quesadillllllllas way better.
I should be drinking, but just don't feel like it.
wonderful dinner w/ Priest/Baelz gang at Idlewild--beautiful drive down on the Vespa too!!
#thingsblackfolksscaredof bet castin white folks on 106 (eminem & ) are an exception lol
Just 2 hours till we open the doors for in #ColumbiaCity. Tx avail at the door. #RainierValleyCulturalCenter 4515 S Alaska
Praying for you guys!! Hope you Feel better
As a graduation gift; show a valid student ID and used code RDGRAD for unlimited $50 tickets for Can you share?
Ive caved. Finally convinced I should red 50 Shades. My man should thank
lemme know when you're ready to submit...pics, that is.
John Carter was PAINFUL to watch.
Champions League Quarter Finals! APOEL vs Real Madrid and Benfica vs Chelsea
Hoping this day goes fast....
We missed you at the Old Town Ale House with Ms. Coke and Mr. Ward. Kinetic audience tonight, standing O at the end.
quoth wikipedia: "the word musket derived from the French word mousquette, which is a male sparrowhawk."
WHY RUIN THINGS FOR ME?
Hey Rushers can you help me tread that I'm not a #horribleperson please
Alana no who's going to do my hair? Where are you moving?
Never give up until you succeed.
If you're thinking about referring to yourself as a "maven" or "guru", please don't.
Never been the one to stop and think bout how society will look and judge me!....Fuck society and they standards!!!...Im doing me!
we are trying to teach him to stop peeing in the house but thats easy to learn its the bitting that sucks
On my way to Hot August Bash!!!!!!
U r ill!: I need an excuse to get outta work. Me: Use your menstrual cycle. It's gotta be good for something right?"
Happy 100th Birthday Oreo Cookies!!!
thanks, lady! <3
RT : On my way to St Lucia with and Calvin who deleted his twitter account like a dummy.//Tebowea!!
I would make some thunder with Thor. You two can have your Captain America.
Wake up? Why bother. You're dreaming if you think Raiders will be better than the Chargers.
At the doctors office with a guy sitting next to me coughing up all of his insides....hey doc...he can take my appt.
thanks Emily !
you sleep for thirteen hours and then go sit quiet in a dark room for 5 hours and see if you dont start to go insane!!
Thank you for the mentions and #FF. Have a wonderful day. Shallie - A pleasure, Shallie. Have a great day.
I'm a law abiding citizen.
Giants will take it.
Bricked day 1a so we're back at jr for day 1b of borgata 3500 ME. Bhanks across from me an kenny05 on my left.
Been reading Stubbes today and according to him you can May-pole dance your way straight to deflowering.
Going back to the HS number of 22?
I like that the #ASM conference includes worship.
Determination=Success...it is that simple sometimes!!!
show tonight in madison heights ... hope to see everyone there !!!
you're gonna say bad D n give rivers no credit. We know we know...... #ComeOnSkip the bad guy role is getting old.
Weather holds up Rangers-Orioles
Everybody got they freak side. ;)
rating 1-10 how good was the show last night? Please follow!!! xx
Is there a deadline to write to the #PFHOF?
i wonna met in personal
If im gonna sit there all night these children better buy my soda RT : Drews thirsty for people to buy his soda
We agree... It is painful. We aim to remedy this lack of scraplewareness! Please help! Eat more
im not gonna fudging forgive you. you effed up ., thats your problem not mine. kayy.
I'm not much of a cat person, which is why I love these guys so much. and are my feline heros.
Fifteen years ago, I was born this way! Happy Birthday to myself!
MBTA will lose 1.5 million from #Ad revenue once they cut BOOZE ads. The Plan: Charge MBTA riders double & give #MBTA employees a raise. :(
next to my bed.
In one hour, there will people in our house deciding if they want to buy it. Cross your fingers that they love it.
You're new to me and I'd like to know more! Thx for following...
"Our hearts are like mountains and our numbers like sand. He who desires peace with us is saved and he who desires war with us regrets it."
Superhero band-aids are for cool kids.
What cause have you voted for?
you can use computers for work or work at home and computers also help you teach your children with monitoring
Easy Breezy Friday . 👌
I bet you anything I'm gonna think you're the real Alex and tweet you. Lol it's gonna be an #epicfail xD but funny!
Just about time for round 2! The turkey is winning, so far.
On this holiest of days (National Grilled Cheese Day), I'd like to recognize as a MASTER grilled cheese maker. [applause]
Volatile 90 minutes ahead...
MOLLY.... MOLLY..... MOLLY! Sorry couldn't find her.
Finishing up the design on F's supplement, -Liner. Look for it in stands around SAIC in July!
Studio, studio, studio.
Spring training begins tonight. In the first training volunteers learn their roles and responsibilities as advocates for foster children!
Just landed! Now for the drive home. I just want to sleep, but not while I'm driving. Can't wait to cuddle in my bed.
I knew it!
gotcha. U can compare the 2 and see what works best 4 U. My friends in Luxembourg say the US site is less $, even w/ shipping
welcome to Dallas
Felt like an 8 or 9 out of 10, if you're into numbers. Last 40 minutes are nerd nirvana.
I'm American :)
Librarians in NOLA, report back on news of new ebook offerings from vendors. Comparison shopping this summer.
Lost my fucking class ring :(, nd I dnt have money to pay the deductable to get a new one :/
What a play by Green-Ellis!!
When somebody is wearing the exact same thing as you!
Pick yourself up, dust yourself off, keep on moving.
So strange! Where were you leaving from? Hope that didn't make you too late taking off!
But Before I Let You Go Away, Can I Get A Kiss Good Night???
Who is writing in Ron Paul rather than vote for Romney (I'm not, despite respecting Paul heavily)?
Need for speed today w biking and powerboating to work up appetite for Chef Scott Savoie scavenger dinner! #Torontothrills w
What a guy. Go Grandpa, go!
Awesome show last night! Big thanks to & !
yes it does. Great speaker
Thanks for sharing Morgan, hope you found some useful tools on BV.
Today God is First (TGIF) so i Thank God It's Friday (TGIF)
you have to have a first to have a second 😉 bbg.
Budweiser, official sponsor of Team USA during the 2012 Summer Olympic Games; in June, will unveil 16-ounce bottle w/ Team USA logo.
oh u got jokes noy even the case no time for females and I called u right now is ur phone out of service?
lmfao TO funny! ;)
5/21- Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Chuck Nice
Nelson twice RT : Players who redeemed themselves today Jones, Nelson but esp Bush
Observation: campaign yard signs placed on empty lots, random corners or any place OTHER than a yard look kinda sad and lonely.
I would much rather crawl back into my warm bed right now than go out in the cold for a run.
back then u was swole AF but what about now g
Lol get off my dick .
SO glad someone else caught that! Lol RT That's what I was thinking.
why I love this guy MT : NC inspired me. I'm getting ordained by Universal Life Church to only officiate same sex marriages.
Capkanis project, haven't started yet
My Sixers beat the Bulls last night!! Yea!!!!
Mayor Adams: Fence to be erected around Lownsdale and Chapman Squares, closing parks to the public.
If people who are in love together are called "Love Birds" then people who always argue together should be called "Angry Birds"
McAfee and Norton are malware. You say you don't want them, but every day they cause pop ups forcing you to subscribe to them. Assholes
- It should have been just the 2 of us under the moon and stars holding each other enjoying the music.
iThought This Was Real, Until iFound Out that everything you were telling me was all a Lie . . <//3 You Broke My Heart , u.u
I would also notify You might need a lawyer.
Square bowls and Deerhunter's Halcyon Digest: just two more things to snap my neurons.
Oh snap! Didn't know this but Bloomingdale Farmers Market has new hours! They open this Sunday, 9-1pm for rest of the season!
Paps mows down first two. One more to go.
"You dropped a hundred and fifty grand on a fuckin education you coulda got for a dollah fifty in late chahges at the public library"
There is classic Coke out there- top shelf in a silver can
I vote that popularity location indicators be determined by twitter and text activity! ...o wait...
i'll send you your mixtape in a second
( i dont know what a hollaback girls is , but for some reason.... I want her dead ) family guy rules!!!!!!
No. He needs to stop fighting. Just doesn't have it anymore. Sad, but true.
Great game last night!! Let's carry it through the playoffs!!
You pay with sacrifices
I think I might mix things up and eat lunch at a food truck. This is excitement for me, guys, I promise.
you are cool!
Lucky duck....this *fog party* is exclusive to metro Boston. ;o(
This time for Africa
: great cover:) and your guitar skills are brilliant :p
Our host is having issues today; we have had some downtime. Very sorry. We'll be looking at moving away from Heroku in the future.
Thank you for the follow #ssupport all day longg
Is where you'll find me, is where you'll find...
Lego! I'm sure knows some good ones around here in the Lou
Ah. Thank you, Sammie!
#FF THX to a bunch of great tweeters:
"Your design looks more like a speech & less like a conversation"
I dunno, your just unlucky I guess.
Like Tylenol? I need it!
i just found my first white hair. and so it begins.
Inbox 2084. Inbox 1084, I'm coming for you!
Went to #DarkShadows book signing at Dark Delicacies, featuring my friend Lara Parker and Kathryn Leigh Scott.
Next Thursday is my last day at SBD before I join in marketing + biz development. I turn this account over to SBD as I leave.
U never had it so good
So excited for the Renaissance tomorrow :)
Looking for Interactive Production Designers at Apple.
I second that. Pun intended.
I might slap someone. Beyond frustrated.
Good lord, that woman!
I feel so full i just had a milkshake and chicken nuggets
Thanks for following! Stay tuned for info about our project on the eviction of a recycling center in Golden Gate park!
Getting things done.
There r gray areas in fitness. Do what works for u. Just make sure that it makes sense. No nonsense!!
you paid 14.99 for Snakes on a Plane. You were either high or robbed?
Note to self. Don't ask if he can say bullsh*t... He might just surprise you! cc
Ready for the winner of the BIG prize pack from and all the sponsors tonight?
bra, stop bein stupid....dam!
Angels make me laugh so hard sometimes. :)
I don't miss being young, but I miss being young. If that makes any sense.
#BOYFRIENDReview I love that haters admitt it's so amazing!!
Releasing a our first women's v-neck shirt tomorrow! look for it tomorrow and order yours!
I write when I'm inspired, and I see to it that I'm inspired at nine o'clock every morning - Peter De Vries
"Opinions are like a-holes everybody has one."
HB 987, the stormwater funding bill that we've been pushing for for several years made it out of the House 90-48.
I have decided to tweet through the previews of this movie. I usually arrive 10 minutes late for everything and miss this crap
heyy thanks for following!!
Successful leaders develop other leaders not just followers.
walk in the profoundness and authority of God now! -
Excited to worship with the Rhea's Mill sttudents this weekend for their winter retreat!!!
It's definitely an early morning, but the free coffee and breakfast help. I'll be sure to forward you the next #smbmad invite.
same here. I like that u noticed it & u're not even in the movie business! it does take me out of the scene too. Editing is VIP :)
On this Friday the 13th, I'm streaming Titanic the musical on spotify.
No way a general strike works. We cannot even get most state employees to boycott businesses or take unpaid days to protest.
Trying #lrnchat live @ #devlearn. Thanks 4 making me stay @ the table.
THANK YOU to !! A new Program Participant found us today through our #GoogleAdWords!
Despite the abolition of slavery, in 2012, slave labor is still present in Brazil.
Haha.If you have time. is a really sweet guy whose just getting started and i'm trying to help him. Check him out?
hell yeah !
Hey! I have been on twitter for over a year-just not on too much! I am on facebook more!
Will you have a native German speaker there to make sure people say the "ch" sound correctly?
oh dear. Green lantern??
Just blame me. Easiest thing to do.
We have a wedding to attend to in Canada next week! I LOVE weddings :) :)
“: RT : This day sucked so bad I had to stop by the liquor store on my way to the bar.” word
Welcome to TX ! I'm in Houston, you're in Austin #itson!
": do u think west coast rappers exported the bloods and crips?" That's one for
Did everyone think was the creepy voice? I sure did and a lot of people on tumblr thought that as well. :p
"I was uncool before uncool became cool"
People are like shoes, some worth the money and others you want no part of.
Relax with a pot of Maghreb Mint tea and a cup of Tunisian Vegetable Stew with a Eggplant & Pepper Parmesan sandwich
Looking forward to 1st in new office space, a short two blocks from court
Blessed... No complaints =)
A3 I am saving all your great ideas in real time to my "Saw" board in SeeSaw #ideachats WOOT!
mt. lookout #farmersmarket is today next to Cardinal Pacelli. and #lookoutjoe has $0.25 off hot and iced caramelos!
Los Angeles Lakers Time Get that W fellaz!!!
my mom be tripin
i love finding new bands. i love music probably more than anything.
please i'll do my puppy face xx
2 days till then gettin loose with ! Be there!
and this is why i love #TeamShady (': LAWL.
I think you can upload your own songs to iCloud for free. Upgrade "matched" songs for $24.99. Umm... thanks anyway? I'm a pretty good ripper
The most awkward kiss in television history. Wesley/Cordy in Graduation Day Part II!
Knot Today is now available at Bricktown.
do you ever DM fans anymore? I have been trying forever but you never notice me :(
Can I just like not go to school today ? kthanks.
Nearly every spiritual tradition uses breathing techniques to deepen prayer, meditation, and contemplation
We’re not here to sell you insurance. We’re here to see you get the right coverage at the right price, from the nation’s top-rated companies
Aww yes some of the best words that come out of your moms mouth is "dinner is ready"
This woman next to me on the bus has to be like 45 at least, but she is so sexy tho..lmao
Neil Walker just can't keep that beard shaven
Happy Holidays Lawrence!
Thinking of designing purses and write a book!
On any given night, there are 11,377 homeless men, women and children in Metro Denver!
Uh is it Fall today? Now raindrops? Right... I was spoiled the last few days!
Vanderbilt comes back strong after half time. 27 to 36 Kentucky
dem nappy headed hoessssss.
goodness, glad i've never heard you speak then, I guess?!?!
Happy Birthday beautiful! Enjoy your day with those you love... ::KISSES::
hahaha. oh, the possibilities.
Have you tried using our Open Table (Book a Table) app here on Facebook? We would love to know what you think.
Bush's Fault.
Got a White Chocolate Cinnamon Roll Cheesecake from Junior's in Brooklyn NY in the mail from my sister for the holidays! Yum!
Twitter turned me into an egg );
Very grateful to the for expediting our iTunes Issues. New iPad recipients this holdiay will once again be able to master typing!
How come black people never make it to the end in movies? I seen a movie with all black people and none of them made it.
Great day at training. A lot happier with myself today. Didn't run out of air and got through the last maze easily! Busy in Berwyn on Sat
Haven't heard anything from the #14 over the radio...I'm concerned...bad hard hit!
thank you! Love you too<3!
Find your dream lunch here at ! Mongolian Beef for $8.50 and Orange Zest Chicken for only $8.25!
Saturday! Come to The Bakken and check out some groovy brain activities and then bring your receipt to Noodles & Co for a free entree!
Welcome. You do the same :)
We can’t believe #Easter is already approaching! If you can’t decide what #appetizers to serve, JD’s #Salsa is always a hit!
Semester: complete.
#ICA is at St James Cathedral on February 20 @ 2 PM with Morton Gould’s great musical gift, Benny’s Gig for Clarinet & Double Bass. Join us
I am right now lol
. No official certifying body, but some companies will do a check for you However, fed gov't should do its own b4 using you.
RT : Dancing tonight. at how should I wear my hair? Music is an acoustic cover of "Crazy" of Gnarls Barkley fame.
#WeirdFactAboutMe When Im Bored I Talk in A British Accent :p
Sheldon begins searching weird options when looking for a new friend, watch and see what he's doing tonight at 6:30!
Follow American East Newspaper Conference with
Big data little data, it's all data. Doesn't matter the size. Gotta store it and manage it all :)
thanks for the rts
needs to sign up for an improv class.
sending good energy your way. Wrap it up in style!
HAPPY Wednesday! What makes work go by faster for YOU?? Last week it was popcorn for me, this week (every day!) it is COFFEE :)
smile, you're amazing.
"Decide what to be and go be it." -
NextGen Leaders Council - Quarterly Dinner, Oct 27th at Fairmont Copley Hotel - speaker, cocktails & dinner, tix
To quote the great "American Dragon," Daniel Bryan... YES! YES! YES!
DM me your contact info?
We're all [[virgins]] to the joys of loving without fear 😉
Nigga you can keep your powdery ass Crunch Berries! That shit be fucking up the milk.
Went to Dinosaur BBQ for dinner. Too much Mac n Cheese
Dear student: Is that really your grade? Why, yes. Yes it is.
how do you edit your pictures? they look mad cool.
They grow up fast 😊
That sucks, it didn't happen at Insomnia did it?
thnks for helping tap into my inner science nerd today:)
Feeling like I have entered a new profession of "Website Psychology".
Crazy Triple Overtime game! Gaborik was due, everyone was crappin on him.
I love small towns and the scent of honeysuckle on the breeze.
Friday night, yo.
Ask your BUDDY about one and done for the Full Three Amigo ;-)
Word of the day: abstemious (adj) - Characterized by self denial or abstinence, as in the use of drink, food
Last minutes Christmas orders taken up until Dec 24th. we have great stocking stuffers for every taste. Try some Cucumber hand cream M
: i dont think im going . shes
u here at the Uptown Games?
where's the wind river festival?
when Martin says "woo woo woo woo" lol
clingy people.
federer's career grand slam! well deserved
Ivy Blue Carter RT : Is Beyonce actually in labor or are these just rumors? PLEASE SOMEONE CONFIRM THE ARRIVAL OF BABYONCE
Also check out New Money by Lil twist feat. Mison
M damn he know all the ways to please me...
maybe I’m an unobservant moron, but seems to be this behavior changed only in the last week or so. I will try renaming for now.
I am in fact happy to buy you a drink. and are on there own though.
hehe I don't have homework
Hi Kim, thanks for the follow, this is Tony Perez from www.thecoupondeal.com
Janet Jackson: How I Got Thin - Us Magazine
Interested in law school? Meet UM Carey Law's Direc of Student Recruiting Michele Hayes today from 2-7pm at GWU's Smith Center
Thanks for the mentions!
bored so listning to 1d <3 love being apart of the #1Dfamily and GTBY was filmes @ my my friends collage
just made my first song with garage band for ipad and finished it still might need some work
Very good!
. is probably on cloud nine today after the City win yesterday. Well played; very dramatic finish!
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go - Oscar Wilde
sure is we're getting dinner first and have to go the liquor store first. You should come!
Rose is out for the season smdh he all chicago got that was they Michael Jordan lol
its just not the same as down south Sweet Tea
I'll second that!
I'm REALLY ready to go back to being self-centered now..
Swear yo church service is soo amazing today!
Steaming on the broccoli got my eyes bloody…
Ok, playing Monopoly with Adanna & Mama J. Why does Adanna have Boardwalk & Park Place with 4 houses each. See?
I feel the same way about the internet. But I can't figure out how to get its sticky tentacles off my ankle.
its my achilles heel, gets me at least once a year. Almost better now though :)
Obviously im not the only one that 'changed'.
Yellow bags at Selfridges
i havent had chilis in foreva i live their chicken tenders lkl
Life is short and one day you're no longer going to be here; that's all the motivation you need.
I love pintrest
Thanks for the RT, Michelle!
St. Eds High school at Noon!
THIS IS BRILLIANT. Why has the internet not exploded yet?
What lies behind us & what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Up and at it getting ready for my brys first basket ball game he's so exited !
Just tortured a right wing campaign solicitor for Michelle Bachman. That's how you get off their list.
You know, you probably paid 7 dollars for that when you could get one for 79 cents at the store.
west palm
Hi Joel & thanks! It did go well and we now have fresh talent for the next emergency. Great practice for the veterans too.
What is the deal w all of these porn links that ppl keep sending me? Disgusting.... is there any way to spam Twitter?
lol i swear that customer service lady was chinese..im surprised she wasn't indian
#WhatAWomanNeeds is that Thing in a Guy's Pants! His Wallet. LoL
Have to go to school tomorrow. #boo , so i wont be able to tweet during the day :(
Somebody needs to get me out of this school.
It beats me why girls go for assholes!
really? childish bullshit.
#theonlyjetsetter Finally decided what to do. LA nxt wk. NYC the following. Doin' it up.
I don't begrudge Ross his decision; he was a pro while he was here- just not really sure he was ever very proud of the purple & gold.
why did you get detention?
HAPPY NEW YEAR, BROTHERS!
#YouKnowICareWhen I keep my make up on for a while before bed/fun time so you feel like you're with a real live prostitute.
Check in with to see why they’re excited for #Obama2012 after their recent voting rights victory. OFA.BO/xPJVds
that's the price i'm used to. but you live and you learn. smh
that's a great happy hour...m
Hi Google. If your apps can't be moved to SD card, I don't need them. Thx for forcing me to pick and choose which updates I need. Kthxbai
These pillows aren't satisfying my cuddling needs.
follow me tho, so I can dm
thanku Sammy! Glad to be you guys, great vibe and Spirit!
Check out our new website!! www.distinctivedoorsllc.com Let me know what you think....would love to hear from YOU
A: Different niche and style to ambulatory care at Bon Secours
Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist, but in the ability to start over. ~ F. Scott Fitzgerald
Well. Hello.
Thanks for a very entertaining bus ride home!
LOL I JUST SAW A FRIEND IN A COMMERCIAL THAT I HELPED WRITE IMBD MY CREDITS U CANT I WRITE SHIT THAT DOESNT GET EM YET LOL ONE DAY
: That can work. But of course, if a traditional publisher takes on your book, you don't pay a thing.
oh yeah I took it freshmen year
Asleep right...
Very nice. But don't go crazy. That means you still have 50-60% to go.
thank you so much! So glad you enjoyed our music :)
My dad told me I can't go to London until I go to every one of the 50 states. This is going to take forever.
Belated thx for the #FF , , , , Hope u have a great weekend!
cinco de mayo fireworks duh! lol
so is it gonna be June 8th? :)
Done. "Awesome" is blowing up!
starting to feel my man tits jiggle around when I'm playing a set. should probably do something about that. exercise or manssiere?
Holiday $avings @ www.patrickscatering.com Mention this "TWEET" and $ave 25% off
My first batch of Kombucha is great but lacks fizz. Oh, fizz, what did I do wrong?
I don't have time to watch that much tv anymore!!!!
Not b/c of our inherent sexiness, charm, and sweat retention?
Lure For Him Personal Lube 4oz @ www.kandizone.com
Why can't you just like me for me?
...hate when this HAPPENS..."I'M NOT INTO HIM ANYMORE"! Being RANDOM/ SPOILED sometimes gets in the way...wish I could change that about me
Lol people act like their opinion is the only one that matters
Wow!!!!! RT : Are any of my female followers 5'4, 125 lbs, Brazilian, with no kids and full coverage life insurance?
Things I've thought to myself on this Feb. 1: 1). I probably should've worn shorts and 2) I better turn on the car A/C. #winter?
NBA Playoffs today.
Yeah my nan bought my mum it as a present then I stole it..
I love to learn, but not when it is our first good sunny day in Washington state!
yep, i jus gave up
I enjoyed the use of the word "shimmied".
Like there's vomit all over my laptop thanks.
yes! Send an email to . She knows what we're looking for and can tell you.
I have a performance at school today :D
Is it just me? But after 9/11 I don't recall Firefighters being called Union Thugs. They were called "heroes"
4 hour long meeting. My buttocks hurts!!!
Oh my gosh, I just set plan for the most unique amazing hypnosis certification. I am excite to be able to tell everyone soon all about it.
A new Simon's Cat video is up ;)
#OverheardAtTheLibrary (middle schoolers are here researching today): "Why did we have to pick all of the heaviest books?"
Enjoyed the blog and photos of your trip! #London is on the top of my list of places to visit! #I♥London
just once?
“: So now a pair of Trojans will try and get to the opposing QB for the #Packers.” thats why i call then "Trojans of the Tundra"
Greed & Jesus do not mix. Prosperity theology is bogus, fraudulent faith.
Good things, happening to good people ()
k. first of all, im like crying after reading your story:,/ & fangirling because you follow me... <3
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers !!1
Hey I met you at the better with you tour in Nashville TN can you please follow me I love you
i swear fb gonna turn into a porn site
You said rubber. Also, goddess.
Boonen is a beast! Now, on to the
are there castings for ANTM cycle 18
Randy no way, wouldnt have expected that...
High expectations...took a hit last night. #Bracket = 12 of 16. Lost a #Sweet16 team too.
feeling better? Sounded like you were in a low on the emotional rollercoaster that is academia.
And I don't even need your love, but you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough
Maria is lucky she has me to convey all her thoughts
It's almost summer but it's 46 degrees out...
You'll make me forget about him?Try me:P Hhaha Oh you make me laugh;))
Haha! I like what you did there... ref:
Hey thanks for the FF mention. I appreciate the support. Stay safe!
I'm seriously thinking of closing this account.
Been trying to reach all my #UL fans/friends since the game last night but no luck. Should I be #worried? #whysoquiet lol
Jacob: Is that Six Flags right there behind those trees Me: Thats a bridge Jacob: oh O.o
British Members of Parliament call for closure of Romney's Cayman Island tax haven.
#YouWereCuteUntil the lights turned on and i was drunk... ugly.
WOW NO WAY! I'd love to get a virus from your fake link! That's my prize. YOU'RE SO KIND!
Marwencol (2010): Line b/t art and therapy & fantasy and reality are explored in this doc of an artist fighting to regain his Self. 4:5
RT Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others. - Cicero #Quote via
I thought so! Appreciate the love.
front flip?!??!? #xgames ah nutzzzzz that was AWESOME!!! :)
It's gettin' real in this Cricket Wireless parking lot. Great deals & tons of prizes is what we got. Appearance till 1p. Holla.
Count your blessings to find what you look for
Free shots and raffle prizes every time the Packers score a touchdown! You know how we like to score touchdowns!!
lol. I like your team bro, but Lakers all the way!!
Your voice is like a combination of Fergie and Jesus :)
Thanks for the #MondayMention yesterday. I appreciate it.
Have A very Swagged out Valentines Day Twitter World!!
Nike Fuel looks a lot like Jawbone UP
Check us out on groupon today, 50% off my oil change service, buy now and save. We come to you for a change
even al capone would hit on me in this new flapper dress.
Barkley backing UW style "ppl always talk, he can run and jump, so can a deer, u wouldn't put a deer in a gm, just learn how to play bball"
Email us at
is getting excited about FEBRUARY! it's so much better than january :)
Nice! Twas a great day for a parade.
#awarenessinc How do I get my older sales team members to support the use of social media as part of their day to day?
David McIntosh Joins Right-To-Life Leaders and Activists to Denounce ObamaCare’s Unconstitutionality and Pro-Abortion Policies
Hosted writing session with producer n songwriting team last night... great music is being made at !
#diet day #1. Lean cuisines for lunch and no beer for 30 days. Yikes!
This is definitely one of the best live shows I have ever been to!
Bill Laswell is a hero of mine, i can only imagine the people in and out of that studio
Our younger generations are becoming stupid... "what's cinco de mayo?" "I think that's the date in Spanish" what is wrong with you?!!!!
on my way to vegas
I won't. That's a little bit too weird. Even for me.
still seeing gold glitter! What a night! Good times
Omg. Why is this woman screaming?
Give us your opinion on the Kentucky Freshman class since you're up an all!!
Why did you unfollow me?
She's a Brick and I'm drowning slowly...
You are so welcome! Looking forward to tweeting :-) cc:
Had a wonderful theater/ Drama presentation with the students. Thanks you to all of those that had a chance to watch it.
thanks for playing our artist
I genuinely just felt like typing your first and last name out.
Thinking about XS for dinner... In the mood for sushi.
"this video is not available in your country." Where in the hell do you think I am? Narnia?
I've never been to washington haha
Yup! My old hairdresser would go to the hair shops and ask the Chinese guys at the counter why prices were going up for hair..
HATE MONDAYS? JOIN and WEEKEND WARRIORS UNITE!!!
Why anticipate the worst from our staff when we should be expecting their best
hm...I don't know why I even click on ur links anymore. :-/
was there anything interesting in the meeting?
I miss la isla! I have yet to find something as good in NYC.
Thanks for the follow - Cheers and Happy #WW!
RApTV will only send mapping email never spam if you are a member we invite you to all our sites so you have a road map of the virtual world
I do my best to stay honest. Plus it's more fun to be outspoken.
w/e :) Brooklyn
Hi... Interesting choice for your 10,000th
A real princess doesn't need a tiara. Anyways, a tennis bracelet is much more practical.
Talk about LeBron all you want but Wade is the heart and soul of the Miami Heat.
Love it! Let us know when you guys are up for a visit. We are around & would love to see you!
New socks make a day 100% better. If I had a lot of money I would wear a new pair of socks and a new pair of underwear every day.
Side note, is it me, or does it seem like is now actively trying not to make music?
Nothing screams "HELP ME!!" Like the girl in the back of my trunk...
Not this Taurus!
What's your favorite thing to do on #Mother's Day?
Thanks Amy! MT : thanks for doing all you do! Props to for some fabulous work lately!
Fun party! I wish you great success in your new endeavor of photos and social media wrapped in one great package.
Haha it really is though. Kind of awkward. lol
suspended for public indecency? for ling?
heyy good morning! (:
It is fun to watch the manimal play.
RT : HEY VISTA! It is National Cancer Awareness Week this week. Wear PINK tomorrow to support awareness for breast cancer!
"I'm real good at math. Add/subtract," said A. "I never got past algebra," said B. "What's that," asked A. "It's math," remarked B.
nappy time!
hey you, call me :D
I agree man, glad they didn't go with an Offensive player
im at my crib
Need to build time into our models, but also a way to assert continued identity so that we can actually model *change*
Starting in 5min: #KYF2 convo w/ James Barham re Regional Food Hubs, hosted by
Ban Ron Artest for the year! That needs to happen..
what up dude
Exited to see tonight and check out her new digs!!
:) PS look out for a super new Big Bang promotion coming this week
Adore Pinterest! We were invited and are thrilled!
Wow, Zeller AND Watford back? Merry Christmas.
Are you interested in joining the Donk Coach team? We are adding poker coaches. You can name your hourly. Please PM me for details. Thanks
Good morning from Fort Wayne. Trying to figure out how I'm going to get everything done before
Old lady at volleyball jokingly says "I have fallen and I can't get up hahaha" lol. Yay for sense of humour
thanks Cory, talk to you when I'm heading south.
I've almost mastered the french braid...finally :)
If there's not a bot responding to every mention of DC with gibberish, I'm going to be very disappointed in the internets.
I wonder what happened
the 23 is worth it. Otherwise, I'd go with McCallan 18 or or Oban. Kudos on the choice tho.
Mike Wallace -- he made pols and CEOs cry like little girls
thank you.. It's a picture from one of my favorite performances :))
Good night. <3
he's poor
Wow. That's some good company. Thanks!
Maybe a few more UO fans than Wisconsin, but one thing is for sure - it's damned warm right now, wow.
I agree.
Workout In. Studio time! :)
": Kinda cool: today marks our 1-year Twitterversary, and we just hit 8k followers. Happy bday to us!" Happy Birthday Guys!
I wanna pierce my belly button and my ear again
Newly launched - Kimfitonline - www.kimfitonline.com - Atlanta Personal Trainer
you have the best tweets i swear :)
I am, too. I need to figure out the logistics of meeting all of my twitter friends. :-)
"The world is run by tired people." Dwight D. Eisenhower
ok :P
U need 2 give Cindy a chance 2 sell it, the sponsorships r endless...Tylenol, Pepto Bismol, any local funeral home, hospital...
#BoyzAreBack Tonight! ! xo
did #H359 win player of the week? #obvioustweet -asks no one.
Just ate chineese food! :)
thx Tim - it's good to be back :-)
The music of Frank Sinatra just soothes my soul. You know what I mean? Incredible.
hahaha so true!! oh god I'm still scarred by that website....Dare I say this blog better than our other fave?
Now that carmello is back in the line-up for the Knicks...it's MelloYello time
Another round down! Waunakee's Parker Dietry correctly spells "spadiceous" at the National Spelling Bee.
we lost to America Jr... Fucking unacceptable
Best thursday ever!!
off to bed
I rest my case ha
how are yeh mario sir.
Getting ready to hang with my girl, The Diva....:-) Then to bed for something that's ran from me for the past 3 days....SLEEP!
I hope the lights cut out and an assassin stabs her in the face :)
The summer is almost over: Black Belt Bachelor turns its focus from #dating to professional #success and building social affluence.
RT : Wisconsin -Thank you for standing up for yourselves (and rest of us)
this is amazing Guy! Wow! Hey, when's the record hitting the streets, anyway?
thank you- you're a lifesaver!
perhaps Thera-Flu for U.
Thanks Matt
Be sure to add attend #ASAP "A SICK ALPHA PARTY" 1:20:2012 to your 2012 New Years resolution list.
I just want to see More Than This already!
Yes *LiVInG LiFE dOINg ME*
's blog is the best R for sabermetrics resource I've found. Excellent stuff.
He that would have fruit must climb the tree. -Thomas Fuller
Dear Justin, if you need an amazing girl to take part in one of your new videos, you don't have to pay anything. I can do this voluntarily.
Big S/O to #Dope Engineer !! on of the best!!.. #MuchLove to you bruh
Welcome to the St. John's family! RT : Just received my acceptance letter to St. Johns University. How exciting!
Coming to peace with myself!
im so used to staying up late that im never tired anymore.
Me and are playing a serious game of phone tag!
We loved getting to know everyone from Berea Gear Up! Be sure to stay connected with your trainers-
RT : Indianapolis, we are so sorry that you are suffering right now. We are sending all our love and good wishes. Be there soon......
Corn for dinner - fresh - wonder where these ears were grown?
Why all my family members trying to get at my ex boyfriends girl hahahahaha I feel so
Tim you are correct. The story is about the Sunshine Pantry in Beaverton. Not affiliated with us or OFB.
Oi. What a crazy two days off.
How's tricks, big guy?
Oh man. I will keep him in my prayers <3
Joe Biden he even accidentally policy.
Congrats to Octavia Spencer!! Well deserved #oscars win.
Finna go get some more workout clothes. #ShitFinnaGetReal lol
Four bars tomorrow! Regina & Joe's- 2988 N. Milwaukee Moe's Tavern-2937 N. Milwaukee Podlasie Club-2918 N. Central Park Ski's-2959 N. Hamlin
In two weeks we will be in first by 3-4 games
President Paul is Trending! People are waking up! Join the #r3VOLution !
I can agree with everyone that is talking about LEXG.This stock is moving nicely on huge huge volume,a dn the chart is very shrekky. GREEN!
When I can say YES to negative feelings I have, invite them in and welcome the experience, they moves through me quickly and dissipate.
Utah researchers say only 2.5% of people can multi-task, the rest only shift their attention rapidly between things.
Full day in the city! It's good to be back!
You should put it on, it is!
Web privacy rules turn poachers into gamekeepers BRUSSELS (Reuters) - When you 'like' something on Facebook or read an online newspaper,
yeah he should be 4-4 ;)
Yoga pants, no make up, and glasses. I don't even care.
Much thanks to our followers for your continual awesome tweets! We want more! Follow US! We follow back!!!
of course, im on it!
can i get a shoutout (:
And to you, sir. And may all your borrowed Santa hats (and other varied and sundry head toppers) be sanitary. Or Santa-ary.
You hang out with the wrong men, apparently. Yours, TwiceadayflosserwithaYchromosome
Thanks $5.00 in the swear jar already! By the end of Holy Week I should have enough money for The Cayman Islands =)
Appliance Product Photography - AppliancesConnection Discount ...
Had a great day!
emmy w/e they're all some form of award~
It's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't
No more running wild, I'm Yours for life!
Patron driven upgrades... interesting.
don't feel bad I had to be schooled too :)
A jug fills drop by drop. Buddha
God AND a fellow?! i dont deserve him, but i'm soo very thankful for him <3
Last two live day twos led to 1sts. Let's make it 3 in a row! Expenses - hotel $108, food $38.
Where is the heart in this? I don't know, I don't know.
It's hot in here
Does business ethics include living by the Golden Rule? It does in our definition.If u try to live by it as well, we'd love to hear from u!
he was telling me a little bit
Text me instead ": I'm legit about to fall asleep, I is sleepy."
Feel better soon!
EVERYONE SHOULD SERIOUSLY GO FOLLOW !! THEY'RE LEGIT! ;)
So what time exactly is beer:30?
I have listened to These Colors Dont Run repeatedly, , #DayBreaker needs to fucking get here already
I always wonder what my parents were like as teenagers.
That's what you need cincy... more drug dealers
How belong before we can expect to see an spot in Green Bay?
We already have 77 teen applicants for our #camp deejay program!
Who did Ryan butler make a music video for????
Can I get a
Thanks for the RT :-)
Looks like Chris Bosh was that important. DWade not helping the cause at all. 1-for-10 from the field. +/- is -17
Is Hot rel to American Idol online stream Follow back me
Let's see if my magic powers work for Zendayda to. Follow me......abracadabra.......hm will it work?
My 5 year goal: to get my family outta milwaukee
I want to pause here to thank all who were involved with the production of Christmas at Resurrection. Great job!
We love a well-dressed man!
I'm a teacher, no commute, house and school have wi-fi. #NewiPad w/ or w/o #4gLTE - advice? What about gigs?
. Can you tell all of your followers about ? Coming up March 2nd ! Thanks!
Told him the story that I planned my whole effin vacation around the notion & assumption Green Bay was playing in Super XLVI
All you have to do is look at the numbers. Rehabilitation costs less and gives more results in most cases than incarceration.
RT : Least it was not #bees like at the #rockies game yesterday
You are good enough. Even if they say you aren't.
Gotta write that conference paper, gotta pay that rent, busy, busy, busy. But the powers that be say, "If you see something, say something."
I've shied away from most Trayvon coverage, but the Zimmerman ish doesn't surprise me one bit.
Clark Pest Control guy kept his word. We helped him move stuff. He paid for pizza for us.
Nothing better then returning to work after a three day weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The fact that there are boys who are apart of #teamdrizzy >>>
1st of all I don't even know you.! 2th idk don't even know her 3th thats not even me you jackass i just reported you:P
I hope that means he fixed the economy :-)
Been talking about doing it at for years. took away the commute, so here we go!
Hey my phone is back to life lol!
RT : Getting ready to vote Budinger
it may happen but it'll be a salry dump type deal. Anyone that takes his contract will be able to take him.
please do!!
I'm from chicago, live in texas and moving to Tennessee who do I cheer for when football season start?
You gotta listen to dat 'Welcome To H-Twon'-- Shit Goes Slime!
Dude, that's all I know. It was confirmed by but isn't in prelim program or Scheduler
i have to share a bed with angel and nykcole(yep that's how her name is spelled) in hotel :O oh lord help me! :p
Birthright Israel trip over, headed to the West Bank tomorrow. Do I want a medal or a chest to pin it on? Actually, I want to go home.
Tweet what's happening on www.hipstervegas.com! Just tag it "#HipsterVegas" & it'll show up on our site! Wow technology! Try it out! PLZ RT
Ooooohhh, I bet you can.
glad to hear it! which agency?
Going downtown with sarah was the shit. got drunk and didnt pay for SHIT! its good to know bouncers and bartenders :)
Getting ready for tomorrow can't believe its tomorrow wish me luck
Needs beer
backseat in my own car
Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
I think they think they're playing basketball
“The wrong ones can’t hurt you. It’s the right ones.”
detention 2 days in a row lol
Congratulations to Team Solnos and Team MAP! Great presentations at the Cherokee Challenge Finale. Thanks to all the panelists for joining!
I found myself in your area, looking at everyone's face that passed, secretly hoping I'd come across yours.
I want to wander.
just everything.. I was bawling my eyes out all day today. Jack wants to kill me.
#thevoice am on!
I'm eating Starburst Crazy Beans now. 2 flavors in 1. now I want to try them on a peanut butter sandwich (as jelly substitute)
studying SO much Beethoven in the coming weeks. crazy good times.
What's happening ?
We can't just jump in a jet and fly to BB King in Times Square by 10pm to meet up with MMG. Wish they would of told us a week before
Team meeting with beers, wine & cake in Fremont, overlooking the cut, at the passing boats, straight at the tent city of the homeless.
Great BJJ session w Chris, thanks for the time!
Think we can stop at the McDonald's drive thru real quick?
Congrats to on the little one... weve always been cool peeps since high school: jake, jp, frog dog, diego, talan
“: 1+1 =3 If you don't wear a condom.” haha best tweet from you ever ! But now I think my math is broken! What's a condom?
