Damn i can't fuk w/ and the rest of the #BANDiiTFAM” gotta hit da studio... I got you next time me and the crew
Emphasis on selling #MonsterEnergy into bar/taverns!
Dont know what the move is for today
Well said. RT : If I order something from u online don't punish me w catalogs to my home. I clearly know how to reach you.
Yes, if the format is professionally done it will allow you to stand out to companies. Have to be careful on how it is done!
"I feel like I'm in The Matrix" -Classic Ditty
it does, doesn't it? “: Orange juice tastes funny without vodka.”
will be screening at the 2011 Hell's Kitchen Film Festival.
Want and to know and I watch them every morning, and our coworkers now refer to us as Hoda & Kath!
I hate my little chair my bag doesn't fit -.-
Per , the name of my autobiography will be "Scared but Intrigued".
We'll bring back "Let's Get into the News!" tonight as a tribute to our favorite listener and Hot Babe.
Event tip of the day: when you're starting the planning process for your wedding, set up a firm budget. You or a planner can make it work!
I like the term hypercoordination to describe that.
I will be curious to hear your thoughts on using it and what you think needs improvement or is amazing
Q: What is a spring fashion item you plan to splurge on?
Dale Jr. on Talladega: "I feel my confidence goes up when I come up here."
I don't wanna wait for my food to cold, it tastes better when it's hot. I wanna eat my food now!
Hundreds of independent features are produced each year. Join the WFA celebrate the sharpest most original ones. Just 27 days to go.
on the hair since its a short dress i would go with a updo or straighten it.
Nice preso on computational thinking by Peter Lee and co. Golan Levin was particularly good with his Art and Code talk. <\ #facsum >
speaking of friends, oh i am SO HAPPY for & !!! what a heavenly dream team!!!
nigga I said where yo black ass at
I dunno o3o HOW ABOUT MY FAVORITE SINGER CHRISTINA GRIMMIE?
Can't get to bed.have to play in less than 7 hours.eh,we'll see how this goes.
i should get out of the opera house around 10:30. keep me posted on your whereabouts. what a great surprise!
Can y'all stop sending me stupid links and crap! They're annoying. Thank you:)
LOL (: thank you haha sorry I didn't reply earlier it's a long story but I'm willing to tell ?(:
RT What a brilliant ad/billboard/photo - check it out!
We're back from our Clinic's & Conventions this past weekend. Everything was stupendous!...our Jazz staff especially enjoyed the JEN Conf.
Going hiking.
nope just lie to it so its there in case u wanna read it again later...
On #writing that captures imagination: "Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass." (Anton Chekhov)
I'll keep that in mind.
Its totally cool if you want to text and ride the escalator, no really it is . . just STAND TO THE RIGHT!! Thank you : )
“: Vince Vaughn is Favorite Action” masturbation?
RIP Amy Winehouse
did I read that you got into Howard?
Inspired by real life events in 1997, the release of the short film coincides with the Actor-Director’s encounter with serial killer An
I do love all you ladies smooches thanks for visiting!
where are you moving too?
I live in the center of Los Angeles, and I still can't make it to the Hunger Games anytime soon...
its the time of the semester where i literally dont have time to sleep.eat.or shower..
HELLO THERE!!! how are you?
Saturdays at SELECT LOUNGE (415 N. Paca ST.) For more info text or call 443-939-9135 for tables & DRINK SPECIALS
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 61
My freezer-vodka is missing.
its right by the gray thingy hahaha, omfg i hope they go and sing on that stage for a few songs,
Anisimov gets an EN. because he is obviously a lazy Russian and cannot score a regular goal.
Holy windy city, Batma-- *Phone is blown out of hands before tweet can be completed*
Do you matter?
New gigs coming up Aug 21st and Sept 4th. Check out our website for more info --> www.5starjazzband.com
The Links Are Up Just Register And WAtch All The Hockey Games At www.watchnhllive.com Enjoy And Dont Forget You Have To Register To Watch!!!
Wet weather ahead! Stop by for fenders and rain gear! Use your card for 10% off apparel!
that's impressive but hitting a baseball is one of tuffest things to do..hitting 4 HRs is sick
incredible! we provide assistance to the mentally disabled and i appreciate this very much
Of courssseee <3 RT : you know you're styling me for my 25th right?
welcome to twitter!
NEVER will i ever fake ! i live this shit out day by day ! ask about me !
If big foot is real and these scientists claim it is why hasn't there been any solid evidence. Just a way to make money
Thanks for RT Paige! #awesome day!
Somehow, I think I missed the end of the chat! Sorry! NITE! Love the new song! :)
it's nothing compared to the other empty feeling I have..
I got a spot that's good. I don't record much anymore. I focus on mixing to be the best.
In with the new, out with old. Check out my new site: www.calixtrostudios.com
Good morning young world.♥ Noo school for me today!.. Because I'm sick ugh.):
Loud chant of "let's go racers" going on in Yum! center. Safe to say this is a pro racer crowd.
You could never be on my bad side. You would always get a pass -- even on those double spaces after periods.
Safe travels & thanks for mention! MT : @ pdx. Enjoying best possible way to end my trip to Portland
Thank you so much
"no sir i do not have any 'spare change' for you even though i am holding this whole foods salad i spent $175 on"
I like the fact that is cratering in his time slot. He is such an egoistic smug left-wing ass.
To the basement, people! To the basement! Many surprises await you! In the basement, people! In basement!
Don't forget that Monday is State employee special day!! Taco salad, burger and fries, or chicken sandwich and fries for $6.99!!
I was. I still work there couldn't pass up this home on 6 acres
No excuses no apologies
I WAS TAGGED FIRST, WHICH MEANS HE LOVES ME THE MOST.
please follow me! I love you handsome :)
What clubs/groups have you gotten involved in? Share with your fellow DK'ers by replying and using hashtag
Tonight'd be better for me. Just looking at the list to see what looks good....
Hope no one had 2 work as hard/cover as much ground as i did 2day; 2morrow could b= or +; i pace myself, take regular breaks, re-plan; study
Nintendo Super Mario Luigi High Five Baby Doll Tee
yyyeaah, i think that's the kinda of thing i'd wear it with.
This is the most productive day for me for a while!
19and the two went on until they reached Bethlehem. When they arrived in Bethlehem, the whole city buzzed with excitement over #Torah 21/99
Someone fact check please whether is actually the "strong man" in the mayor's race. I've seen do pushups.
I'm definitely going to Just signed up now. Excited! Hope to see you there! :)
It's not even fair (to 99% of the female population) how hot you are.
RT : “You don't have to do it first, you just have to do it right.” -
what are you up to?
Merry Christmas and a very prosperous New Year to all!
Wonderful! In what ways does it remind you Reverb?
Praise God for the "Was" and thank you. It's a privilege to share music and hopefully make people happy with it.
eeeks, we might disagree on who is number 1 and 2. But I still love ya.
Checking out for the first time!
Merry Xmas!
Thank You! It really is the best!
If you have the means to get banana pudding from magnolia bakery, you must do it #ridiculous And i don't even like sweets!
haha! I'm pretty bad about it. I just start thinking about something & zone out.
That other .56 is a doozy, though. Watch out.
About ready to see what CP3 does today. I wish my boys could sit court-side @ one of his games and see how gritty he plays.
Standing against what God has declared unrighteous is not being bigoted
I cant wait to watch movies and eat food all night with
I'm obsessed with everything he makes
KGB rode me into the ground! that guy gots some steady state power. See you tomorrow at 8 bells
No words can explain how.excited I am To find out who A is.
Love shopping at Nordstroms!
it comes on after Grey's
I want to buy all the clothes from H&M
My pleasure! You guys and gals are terrific! Best in the business...
true talk
Should I go shoe shopping???
RT : i wanna go lesbian SEX! !!
I hope you said that quietly, my friend!
Oh my bad. lol
you rock my world!
Finally. I'm exhausted.
hahah you was getting it in with that finger shot.....
#immvt is there a fail cloud hanging over my head?
okay my fault
Today is our 5 year Anniversary! Happy Anniversary Tico's eatery & juice bar!
Sadly watching my friend smoke a cigarette :/
That guy does the same thing on elevators. It's even worse if he's wearing a bluetooth. Who does he think he's impressing?
Usher Climax
seriously my favorite song right now.
I cant believe this... smh
Wishing everyone a Happy and Healthy Holiday season!! Traveling for the week or so; see you next year...
I need that lol
i followed
tshirt spotting at the cards game
Nokia 3210 ftw “ Show of hands:Who had an indestructible, old school Nokia phone back in the day? Pretty sure mine is still alive&well
Not found: a single dratted playbill for Wilkie Collins plays (ca. 1855-1877) in our magnificent playbills collection. Can't win 'em all...
Decreased interest rates may pose new opportunities for you! Reduce your mortgage balance by 13-15 years! Contact Erik today!
Yay! You got this, let me know how it goes :) And yes hopefully! I have two interviews this week...
lol ok but lebron is not the only person the team
i often feel that way about crewcuts. so cute.
Wow. Best night in a while. Thankful. Z.H.....
If you didn't have the space jam sound track when you were little. you suck
31st Annual Jazz Spectacular : Jazz Octet I, II, I, and IV (4/14)
Harry Potter isnt nominated for an oscar.Well now we see what the world's comin to
Wow, Randy just said something that made sense. And might have been a little bit smart too.
Hey #ABQ Come make seed pots for Mother's Day 1-3pm today at Alamosa Books, NW corner Paseo and Ventura!
Not at all! Come join us!
It'll be Big Time November.(:
you and wendy's smh lol
Like that randle???
It's gorgeous out!!! Walk this way!!xx,B
Next Careers: Job vacancy - Systems Engineer - Stadium 2, Elmsall ...
did you like the new cans or not?
"See, we plan ahead. That way we don't do anything right now."
YES STAY INSPIRED!!!
I got some man, shoot me your number
Love Naomi C's new vacay house!
Going to Charro tonight, for some great Mexican Food/ Margs in down town Milwaukee. I've heard its delicious.
Is it just me or does #lenaheadey look like a cross between #natalieportman and #keiraknightley?
By adding direct FOLLOW links to details tab (that has PR) we are helping more than from object page (that has no PR).
missing my fam in SD!
UTD A&H Graduate Student Assoc. Spring social at Panera bread in one hour!
Let another valet guy give me attitude!
why wear a rose dress too!
It's a popular item! I believe we get Dublin deliveries on Wednesday & I asked the store manager to order extra this week
it's pretty amazing so far (5 chapters in)!
sorry I missed out on the B/T wine tasting event, heard it was great! Would love to meet you in the next few weeks before SXSW!
Thank you everyone for the likes.. Now tell everyone else about us too.. We could sure use them likes !!!!!!!
I WANT to get you one, but I also want to hit the $346 million MegaMillions jackpot. When I do, an iPhone is yours!
VOTE FOR KELLY! www.controltv.com THE VIEWERS GET TO CONTROL KELLY FOR 6 WEEKS! HE IS A HOMIE!!! HELP HIM WIN!!!! YOU CAN VOTE ALL DAY!
There's cupcakes, cake and more cupcakes on the studio's food table. This must be FOX's way of getting back at me for watching CNN at work.
Average person checks phone 150x per day
- nice clip - royalties now
shootin in a human waste site, n some valve keeps farting on my gear
I'm going to be busting out my archery skills this morning! I don't think I've done this high school gym class. Let's see how I do!
my mom told me that i should start trying out for reality t.v shows....thanks mom :))))
Fun night out with the bros
bahahaha. Oh man. That's a great joke.
I hate my stupid phone
you need to see it! It's actually adorable.
I can't believe the farmer's market is completely circumventing Apple's App Store. Is that legal?
Is it okay to use selling Girl Scout cookies for 12 years as an example of sales experience in a professional interview? I was afraid to.
yeah, were's my coffee?!
I just had an interesting experience on bart culminating in me threatening to call cops. Lucky I love you haha
Interesting day in Wisconsin politics. I think the GOP narrowly holds off the Democrats to retain power in the state Senate.
friday is here at last! =)
will do! Thanks!
would love to intro you to spreecast. you could do live, interactive video broadcasts. DM me for more info.
- yeah, I thought that, too. Apparently Al ran out of dough.
Going to go and make some buckeyes! omnomnomnonomnom
sorry to hear you go. Certainly the best and most creative show on HBO in a long while. You will be missed.
I'm just weary of the accuracy of Fuelband and how meaningful "Nike Fuel" actually is. Plus I like being able to hide my fitbit
haha I know....
“One should never trust a woman who tells one her real age. A woman who would tell one that would tell one anything.”
Still not watching the Kings Speech
Watching the Big Bang Theory. :)
🎶🎶We also provide GUEST🎶🎶 DJ's. If your looking for something fresh and new contact us!!! 🎶🎶
Old ass people that should be home taking care of there kids, shouldn't be at walgreens gossiping about how there going to go get high today
No, we just got our deck printed by a company online. Most likely with a shady website that looks like it was made in the 90s.
Happy Easter! Worked on my knit lace shawl & now getting ready for Easter lunch with my new Nebraska family. Miss my Louisville fam, tho.
ok can't wait to see it!! :)) u have a date?
Dear Lord, please let my mom win the mega millions tonight. She deserves it :)
I don't know what this means, but it's about peaches :
too bad ur not in Madison. Perfect night to mess with people on state street
I hate this mosquito bite on my foot
So impressed by the cast of #PARIAHMovie. A full black cast with such depth. Hats off the the writers and cinematography as well.
yay! Watch you not get into it ;)
Fuck all you guys !
Just shot you guys an email!
Sitting here watching jets game on this cold night
Thanks for visiting, ! Which flavor did you get?
lol I'm serious
hahahah! I lose my blouse!
Makes zero sense.
Firefox apparently lets users just _view_ .txt files - not, say, launch an editor. Resorting to annoying workaround.
see your a fan of Skin Diamond check out my new book with her on the cover follow me and click the link on my page x
Is that..Good..? xD I hope that's good. o; Omg, I almost typed god instead of good. ;D And I know it sucks! I'm scared of him!!
The knicks bout 2 go fishing...the heat bout 2 bust that ass n the 4th
Tomorrow is gonna be an avid coffee day...
anything for Zayn!
Happy Anniversary, Fenway!
I think they still work collaboratively writing and making music.
Looking forward to it!
BTW, I LOVE the game face pic! CLASSIC! You da man, D!!!
:) RT : Being back in Farragut Square makes me miss my interning days All my best to a great team!
maillist culture declines proportionally to number of users who respond recreationally to every thread
- thanks for the support!!
India is experiencing poverty,starvation&almost 200,000 suicides because of GMO's & contamination.Isn't it enough for you?
Santorum finally pulls out of America's assholes
Good thing the speaker isnt talking about texting and attending assemblys or i would be in trouble :P
Today in 1993 one-armed pitcher Jim Abbott pitched a no-hitter for the
Taylor Swift doing the backwoods country performance is a bit interesting but I still think she's hot #butnotinthat lol
Ready for the summer .
cannot believe I got no call... I just left Lincoln Park!
I love guys who respect you and call you beautiful (:
Thank you! It was fun to make.
“: 71% of Americans (age 12+) are NFL fans, 185 million ppl await end of lockout!” - dwarfing other sports in US.
Getting to the point where I'm all the way over school and just want summer already..well even though I felt the way the first day of school
Listening to the Mobile keynote reminds me of how I felt the first time I heard about blogs. So much change and opp out there.
Glad you like my website. I checked out your music! Sweet! I'll give you a mention :D
No, but that sounds amazing!! RT : Did anyone just see a shooting star in Germany that crossed the whole sky?
follow me!!
"my job is to get everyone on the Internet to want to have a beer with me" says = an amazing Community Manager at
Do not allow others to make your path for you .. Others may walk it with you, but no one can walk it for you
Congrats. Y'all killed it!!!
Minneapolis, here I am! Weather today reminds me of Los Angeles weather. Will be back soon.
Did you ever get my email address so we can talk about that video??
I cannot live without books. - Thomas Jefferson
#oomf is a real live fagg!
I have some from a #nasatweetup! RT NASA-developed low-density, light-weight aerogel inducted into Space Technology Hall of Fame
I don't approve. I don't approve at all.
Mentaly exhausted! Don't know how much more I can handle. LET'S GO #DEVILS!!!! WIN THIS FUCKING GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It is Friday!!
Awesome to hear!!!! Thanks for the great feedback and please let us know if we can be of any help in the future
Layin' here with my best friennndd :D
At LA Fitness....Go Hard or Go Home.....
haha! Nah..nothing like that! I've watched the edited video and it looks AweSome! My new video :D
I cannot stand going to school with idiots who brag about their drunken weekends 24/7. So annoying.
thank you so much for your support :) hope to see you soon !
Why is the S1 never on time? -_-
It should last an hour or so... Hope to see you here!
So sad I'm missing this RT : Packed house Newfront "headlines and humor" featuring Funny or Die, ,
yeah it's tough but we us Yankee fans of New England gotta stick together
Such a wonderful book! (Series, even!) RT A gentle romance that brings together qualities of Jane Austen and Harry Potter.
Way to go Heejun!!!!
Work work work
(keep thinking that thing over there says "trackler buzz")
I want to have a talk with him!
A GIGANTIC welcome to Terry, Brittney, Catherine, Brian and Candance! You all rock and I hope that you have a super fantastic weekend! : )
cont....LIVE PAINTING BY ARTISTS,VEZUN, DANNY ROBERTS,DASHA and MIKE BIGGS,JOESEPH WATSON,MARK T. ZEILMAN,PETER MENGERT.
we left a kick pedal last night did you find it?
Hahahah. I need a drink
Looking forward to #Talkn TEA!
Cause its been cause health problems for the consumers": somebody tell me why is YAZ the birth control trending -_-"
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing quality homes around San Antonio Texas.
he's fit.
I'm tired of looking like the villian.
Diablo i need to come to this store more often. Fine ass nugguz SHiT! Lol
TAKE ME WITH YOOOOUUU.I miss it&wanna go back so bad :c
You didn't have to. You don't think his outspoken beliefs have something to do with the publicity he gets??
I'm watching America's Funniest Home Videos right now. What a great way to wrap up the weekend.
And can we go 2 ? You know I need cupcakes RT I'll be in Dallas for Cinco de Mayo! Can't wait to go to
Nice article. I tend to think of myself as Type 2 but know a lot of Type 1 players, to whom I say "have fun with that"
T minus 10 minutes for the season premier!!
Super sleepy
Want to give you nose some TLC? Irrigate with a saline rinse or neti pot to moisturize and clear nasal passages.
Tried to rest but my mind wouldn't let me
You know what must be done
It's gonna be an upset yo! let the playoffs begin.
About to get ready to go get kay and then go to the back doctor
Prob not smiling about the Kindle Fire but maybe that will be replaced by an iPad one day lol.
u didn't even say who it was... soo don't get pissed,
Thank you for the follow, Shohkoh and Nalla
For Jesus, Grace was a way of life. We R so much better off if we let it be ours 2. Thankyou 4 putting this on my heart Lord.
I'm #LeHIGH of sum bomb KUSH
but that would involve me actually getting off the couch. Seriously, science, we need teleportation.
New Orleans Fried Pies -Apple -Lemon -Peach -Pineapple -Chocolate -Coconut -Banana www.hubigs.com
Is there a list of these hashtags you've found anywhere?
hello to our friends
Jamel Johnson looked solid. He has some good decision makers and players around him to learn from. He's in a good place.
can't remember the last time i was in bed by 9:30 😳
I hate young moms/grls having a half naked pics on f.b./twitter etc.like common you got baby don't do that be mature. That's just not right!
of course, u all rock. See you May 17 at 's CRANK UP THE CAUSE
How is #wineriot ?
says Friday and this weekend needs to hurry up and get here, I'm gettin' tired of waiting! lol
Prolly next Sunday RT : when is it
En rout to New Orleans
Is anyone else getting a barrage of emails from right now?
i have a quick question? how do u make an album? im new to this thats why im askin?(:
good morning ;)
I did it because I wanted to, because I needed to, because I had to, but mainly because you said I couldn't.
On FB - Coaching
RT : I live in Oklahoma. If you're 1/32nd, you're Native American. Case closed. Thank you for playing anyway, Scott.
Apparently, my students' pop-culture knowledge of King Arthur is they always win and Lancelot never betrays anyone.
Shane Battier sucks.. James jones needs to be in there
what if a women bring home another girl for both of u to share?
My morning started w/ a cab ride w/ a driver who sounded like Sam Elliott, looked like ZZ Top on Casual Friday & listened to Ted Nugent. Win
you can have a long, awkward convo about how the chairs are asymmetrical while i'm here studying, but you won't wipe the food off his face?
Hey, I really appreciate your advice on this. Definitely something to think about.
God!..#nickiminaj just got robbed by the #Grammys where is #kanye to break in when you need him?
I knew it involved those two. Remember when they were roomies!?? Ugly.
I really really really fucking enjoyed 's set at #SEMF2012. One of the highlights of the festival for me for sure.
If you had April 29th as the day returned to ? YOU WIN!
Stop before I get turned on. (;
lol, do not worry they really found a way to keep the beer cool and the food warm :) :)
I have no interest in it but it might be more accessible. Hmm...
the one thing Im not looking forward to this #brewers season is her. It's sad really and for fucks sake keep her off radio
Apparently forthcoming data travels in either a "flurry" or a "slew". More details as they become available.
The dude probably dont know what to write when Black people call out racism against Whites. The guy's scared.
If it makes you happy why does it hurt?
Follow my new page this one got hacked
Oh i mean its fine to just be nice...Lololol i have no friendss
You jagaloons! You're failures! Fail-ures!
What to do...
Having our 2011 board retreat today, very excited for the coming events!
"I just really want to make MY food y'know?"
The Little Boy Said ”I Havent Seen Anyone As Pretty As Youu Anywhere” #TooCute (:
he can keep up with me full sprint, at 3 months!
watching alex hahah
On the bus going to a boat cruise.
still loving ur music and loving u for being who u r without compromise. u r a true inspiration to us all...<3
oh man I love a good strawberry rhubarb pie. This is going to ruin my diet plans.
#Brewers playing tension-free since clinching on Friday. Comeback win 6-4 yesterday after shaking the hangover, now 8-1 MIL end 4th.
Crawling through week 6 of my class....4 more to go!
U silly! Hope you gig went well last night! TGIF! RT : Nevermind jerkfaces! I found it!
Amen Amen :-) Phillip Phillips is deleeeshh .
Hope that you are having a great turkey day!
yeah they talked about a vacation. And Cali did come up.
is writing, producing, directing, and editing my documentary film titled Masked Acting: Leading with the Mask. Happy Holidays!
If you come to #Carmel. I am not going anywhere near that racetrack unless I have VIP parking and access. LOL
I ask questions, :-\ to make cconversation, cause no one wants to talk!
congrats, man!
Public Culture is just the most recent...to try to bridge academic & "so-called general-public". Others are and
Just wanna be the one who u can run 2 when ur down, anything u need imma be there! ~imma pick u up when ur down~
Wowzers. Lots of new stuff coming soon for the Waldow family.
nothing really beats those textually inaccurate bathing Darcy scenes, huh? Haha! Still, that's the best adaptation!
I just remembered that I'm absent minded Wait, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it
Stay'd at the school for a lil while . Lol ppl Tweaking OMS' !
Time to head for gym:((
Let us know what you think of the sheepdogs! MT : that's our plan- The fox wants to see the sheepdogs :)
Spent a couple dollars on them...
Still avail. It's a men's Small, which is why it won't fit Kells. She wants the better-fitting women's Small.
Dental work yesterday and now mouth really hurts today. But tummy is telling me we need to eat. Ugh.
please dont be in love with someone else, please dont have somebody waiting on youu
lol get it boo!
Look at that!
Last day of high school and I'm wearing sweats lol ehh oh well (:
The guy next to me on the max is mumbling and making gun noises and shooting motions. If u never see me again it was nice knowing u.
... maybe a bit past time.
Posted! Sorry it took so long!! It's the web geek's fault! :) Well done though.
nope I'm at my mommy's with the fam.
Good luck to our good friend ELM PIZARRO today -- at the MSA audition today :) And Gluck to everyone auditioning!!
Mrs.Luis just told us chill the hell out.(x
DID YOU LOVE IT?!
Raymond Williams Keywords Culture is 1 of 2 or 3 most complicated words in English language <-2 true #politicsofwomensculture hard 2 write
sleep allows our bodies to REALLY rest and reset. When people say you canm start again tomorrow, its physical too
Why won't Obama do something about the price of Mike & Ike's at this gas station?
im really not <3
working in Union Square is making me want to shut down Occupy Wall Streets big yap. I'm the 99% and OWS is 100% fucking w/ my style. Blah
2 hours of sleep. Psha! You 8 hour a night people are suckas! What's your over/under as to when I'll fall asleep at my desk today?
I think I'd get island fever honestly. I like to peace out on a whim.
I love Punk'd
Noo noo it's @ uptown moscato life . lol , Thanks for the tweet (:
I want to thank everyone who has shared the journey with me thus far. Cheers to a quarter of a century!
drink with me in a park
on the #solarchallenge call. Lots of good info.
Watch a whole bunch of avocados be sent to Zayn in the mail now.. Hasn't he learned from Lou's mistake with the carrots?
Dear city of albuquerque. You really need curb side recycling on the east side of town... Just sayin.
haha for sure love you
I do but sadly that is not to be tonight.
Drive slow homie.
Hope you have a good morning, friend!
Who you are, who you want to be, and who you once were are 3 different people
I don't blame you chica; I would also sue Shaunie, its her show and she is an instigator on the slick!
...a big order w some of those dank, tropical varieties so they will be on very soon. I just brewed a big dank IPA yesterday
I know! Why weren't you out watching Sparty dominate? I didn't know you and ever separated.
On my way to . Should be a good time.
o well might go toma tho
On my way to see #onedirection <3
Amazed that after nearly a month, George Zimmerman hasn't been arrest yet. #Florida is so screwed up in so many ways... sad.
thinks leaving Sarah Ferguson's face paused for 45 min on my plasma might have been a bad idea lol ;-)
smile. cause my twitter name tells myself to so I'd figure I tell you to.
RT Note to journalists A market decline of <1% isn't "tanking," "plunging," or "crashing." It's what stocks do from time to time
Everybody deserves second chances, but not for the same mistakes.
Very very bad headache and sore throat if I even talk I'll cry now: i'm In so much pain my brother said I looked paralyzed
Work it on out God
Sorry Jimmy! Scheduling a Boston event in Spring is crazy tough. We're on both Sat. & Sun., so come for part of it if you can.
I haven't been to either- w/ my boys FAs, I know Disney- [both] do amazing catering to FA needs!~
Well there is supposed to be tornadoes along with this hurricane.. im sensing 2012...
why!? Ugh no!!! They can't control if u wear a toga!!!
Goodnight everyone! Sweet dreams:) -R
she take him to her private island and that is where Frances meets NaLee, she is a mermaid
Would be Garth's best move of the summer, but I think Mike will pursue head coaching gigs first.
": I hope everyone follows a dream at least once in their life time" I did last night
hey guys
It's gonna be a great week. Lots to do, lots to get done, lots of fun to have. Here goes! Also, pick up EP at tallymoore.com!
IT HAPPENED! I'M BORN AGAIN!
MT Rainwater on the Playground - Making Drainage a Play Feature
You just have to make a classier better smelling line. Still can do it.
hello bailey(:
AND SHAVE TOO!!!
party up.
It hit the back wall and bounced into some girl's hand. She made a solid catch
=^.^= Best Price Omega P36 Chrome Post 36 | Garage Storage ...
I created a really awesome tutorial system into that teaches ppl how to use it - wish more devs did this
Come home to me.
59 away from 900. Seems like a lot but i bet #mahomies can do it (;
Breaking Bad season 3, Big Love season 3, Sopranos season 2, Whisker Wars season 1.
Great win for the Bulls. Bench mob killin' it. As Bill Murray in space jam said "Lets go Bulls"
OK now I'm having too much fun. back to work
yeah, still there. Thinking about teaching preschool since elementary school job isn't looking promising.
Just realized I'm staying in a house with cable tv and I can actually watch the Baylor game instead of checking score online. Duh.
i only skimmed it bc i saw "Ryan Braun" & "HGH" in the first pgh... prob still trying to prove some point from last night... BUT
has a hit with the song she just performed. Beautiful. Loved it.
I'm Sleepy ;o
All #International #Youth #Basketball Teams...save the date and join us for our World Youth Basketball Summit June 19-24, 2012 Grades 2 - 12
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: 😉
please. I took hip hop for 3 years.
Police & virtual lockdown at the office. Alleged bank robbery and suspicious package. Bomb squad on scene. We've moved to interior...
Depend if your wearing your football pads or not!
Tacoma 6, Lower Col. 5. Tacoma DH Stephan Adams hits 2-2 pitch for solo home run in bottom of 9. Same teams in Longview for two Tuesday.
it's hit and miss, but they don't take crappy stuff. I found some good stuff there.
I'm dumb. Told everyone to share the wrong link!! www.terriblepeopleshow.com is the right one. Thanks to Amy for noticing!
Thank y'all as always!
again! You're leaving before the best part of convention even starts!
shia labeouf is on location on the GA #wine highway this week. Shooting new film "The Wettest county". Saw it w/ my own eyes.
No Kings? No Richie, Carterbum, Williams, Stevens, and Hextall?
Thanks for the follow back
Good morning twitter followers! Hope everyone has a great day!
: Mike Brown is an Assistant Coach.
Currently tracking progress across the greater United States via flightstats.com : map included!
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
What did one saggy titty say to the other saggy titty? We better get some support soon or people will start thinking we're nuts!
LOL the only h8ers out there are you and your family.. Your mentality is unique to say the least.to say the most.. you need help
your twitter is hacked
Dedication: RT : lemme know! I'll come down from central new jersey with 5 of my friends.
the classic!
Modifying "Fieldwork" code less than 30 hours before the performance.
That's awesome! I've heard all sorts of amazing stories and he's been super sweet to me each time we've spoken.
I predicted this a minute ago..So off to europe I go!
Switched from XP to Mac four weeks ago and some teenagers are calling me old-fashioned because I referred to it as a "Macintosh"
You're Welcome! I love video... i'm going to have to check out more
follow me please :D
“It is the nature of the strong heart, that like the palm tree it strives ever upwards when it is most burdened.” ~Sir Philip Sidney
All packed up, heading to Orange County for 10 days tomorrow! Any suggestions on places to go/see/eat?
lol. Same here
lmao jus say the cat for now on
Great night shooting cookie commercial
“: I don't think knows how much things we have in common.!” lol no I don't :)
When people automatically dismiss new ideas with negative criticism, it really puts a bad taste in my mouth when it comes to our "community"
Lmfao "you gotta be a good side chick to know how to be the main chick"
More Buchanan on #Blazers PG: "We have to find a leader who can carry this team on nights when maybe LA isn't playing well."
Yes, it's an automated system in the pumps that do that.
...you did great driving the 5 speed stang! As long as you can drive me to the hospital. That's the point! lol love you
fans! follow this new #mahomie page! we follow back!
Prolific? "I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." - Puff Daddy
Guilty Pleasure:
Beyond free text messaging, there are more #XfinityVoice features on the roadmap for later this year.
whatever thanks for following me !! :) so come out with a show again my ass is bored !
Nutella makes everything better.
There is nothing better than baseball.
Why are my parent so stupid? ugh
Seriously. TV just doesn't get better. Spectacular! ABC is insane if they don't renew.
God ass weekend doing everything and nothing
thanks for the RT of that!
": #DonaldDriver Let's get this trending! #GoDonaldGo" Here, here
Biggest question on SEA-MTL trade: What is Eddie Johnson's fitness? If he's been inactive, no way he's fit by CCL or start of MLS. Big risk.
I don't know wanna be a bother
I think some Hawks fans need to get over the Coyotes hate. Lol.
WHY ARE THERE SO MANY FUCKING SPEED BUMPS?
Mgk concert in June :)
I'm bad at responding to most people...
RT : We'd love to ! ExpressCache™ analyzes usage for automatic optimization.
Broken equipment almost did me in, but it was still fun none the less.
haha, there is more to life than ftp :)
Back to shity of Hollywood:(
hi twitter
Oohhh... it is FOGgy out there!
Behind every untrusting girl, is a boy who made her that way."
yeah demi is my favourite singer ever also avril and taylor
yea me too I ain't investing any $ til I know it's fosho I already dropped 3 gs with Sam n ain't shit ain't take off
i've learned my leason and not believe what everybody says. people are just haters. i love you ........ AND
To enlarge or illustrate this power and effect of love is to set a candle in the sun
Women are equal. There's nothing to discuss. I think the problem only exists because we acknowledge it.
I hate when I lose the cap to my water bottle
Three b1g teams in the #Sweet16 with #msu and purdue still to go.
If it would help, we can send you a code for a free month of service. DNS.com is an all-anycast network allowing unlimited domains.
Just got out my keyboard after throwing away 8 yrs of classical training. I am 50. I think I'm hopeless. Theory is HARD!
Judging by the amount of laughing I do in any given day, this is the best place I've worked yet.
Hey thanks for the #agchat shout out. I am sorry I missed it!
“: Thanks for the #FF with these smart, lovely ladies: !”
When is the premiere?
Shocking Level of Influence Exposed: Union Boss Trumka Talks to White House EVERY DAY and Visits a Couple Times
I quit, I quit, I quit!
Oh yay! I have been looking into this as well. Exciting!
Meh. Too many other good places to try so probably won't go back anytime soon.
advice - HTC EVO Shift 4G - good? bad? on Sprint .... #advice. US bound on Friday.
FOLLOW MY RETARDED FRIEND WHO NEEDED HELP MAKING A TWITTER (:
watching the walking dead ...
doin my happy dance! Can't wait to see ya.
Reaction to arrests? Are you heading downtown?
That's too bad. If you were in The "D," you could have watched The Detroit Tigers win their game on T.V.
You might think I'm a lair but, girls want my wiener like their names Oscar Meyer.
More Thanks for the Follow to and
LoL by then, you won't care. My thirties beat my twenties by miles. :)
Crap! , I heard is trying to own the word "backstage" and take down ! Run for the hills!
dang. forget digital humanities, that's game changing!
oh, dope! How did you hear of us?
*lifting my hands off the ropes around your ankles* You tell me, Ms. Barbara.
yeah that's a shame.
These debates should be on Comedy Central, not CNN.
Predicting the next revelation: Barack Obama made up Bob Woodward.
The snow storm hitting the country right now may have shut down some Gov. offices but we're still open for biz & getting loans approved!
im in school
How is everyone doing?
Find someone who will ruin your lipgloss, not your mascara. ♥ ;)
Still upset and hasn't taken me on my date yet :(:(:(:(:(
In Class: ✔ Talk ✔ Sleep ✔ Text ✔ Play ❒ Study
that is just so awesome...not the missing but the meeting
Share the inspiration, motivation, and humor of these lovelies.
Men are cruel, but Man is kind. ~ Rabindranath Tagore
#libday8 taking an actual break for a short while to go for a walk, I'm here late tonight and have been sitting way too long!
Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results. ~ George S Patton
#TerrificThursday have a fantastic day Grant :)
Free for All Friday on Catalyst Business Radio! Anything goes! What's on your mind? Call in... let's talk!
Senator Chris Back you ABSOLUTELY DISGUST ME
paper is done...and pretty damn good. cc
loved Contraband! Just seen it in Bangkok. Keep up the good work!
I still need to order Tina Fey's book! What is it called again? RT I <3 my kindle
had awsome dream last night going to make a movie about it. will the dream worte the movie for me just need the ending
Reading of my short this Saturday. Message me if interested. Free pizza for all who participate :)
may result in disaster, but everything happens for a reason and all that shit, right? How have you been doing?
This is the life we belong to.
it is! Lol
So today I have encountered Ferpina.....
Swimming world champ Dale Oen dies in Arizona
...it is sicking how groupes no longer think/ care for the people they are to be reprisenting ...
Am I drunk? Yes I am.
69? never bitch u gne do me and im done
Tennessee, Georgia, Florida, South Carolina, Kentucky peeps: I can get you a good deal on a new wireless security system. Message me!
Good morning, Mary. I'm talking about Repubs and others who vote party regardless of the facts.
you are so beautiful in this dress. glad it sounded it went well, will tweet again very soon x
Nothing like freedom!!!! God definitely had his hand on us today. No matter how it was perceived authentic praise is always accepted by God.
Dont get compared to a bag of anything.
"What word do you hate more; nipple or clitoris?" -my dad. #wtf??????
Keith jones is now on Twitter!!!
we love our European brothers but lets have an American push us over the 400 likes. Come on Denver
TwiDems need a day to make a big deal about regressive state taxes. Romney pays 15% and then on top of that is state tax regresivity
They got nothin' on yooooouuuu, baby. :)
Flocka can you be my baby daddy?
RT Dont b racist. B like Mario. He's an Italian plumber, Created by Japanese people, Who speaks English, & looks like a Mexican.<< KMSLLLL
If my iphone wouldn't had fallen dwn 2 flights of steps, I would've been taken care of this document, now I gotta use this "scrap" smh
Hawt. Mainly gaming focused or more generalized? I'm moving my ass over to Germany soon, so maybe we'll catch up on that drink.
Hey, um Austin? I got a question.. Serious question. I just might die if you don't answer. Well, um... will you follow me? ;)
Psych professor is talking about the Placebo Effect, I’m sitting here grinning like an idiot every time she says “Placebo”
tweeting in haiku/ harder than you’d think/ slow in the mornings
This conversation though >>>>
This a dirty world, you gotta get your hands dirty.
Seen this nigga with dandruff in his beard today at Windy City Sole Spring Summit LMFAO!
Liverpool is up by 3 and it's only the 31'... this is a
So what will you be brewing?
Summer better hurry up....
lets go #orange! We are the number 1 team! #Cuse!
Of course!! Your website looks great btw!
unconventional #cincodemayo - early bird special dinner now going to see #avengers!
Busy afternoon at the car wash. But I don't mind since the sun is shining and it's Friday!
I ain't got time for bullshit I got enough going on right now so my tolerance for bullshit is low...
I can't even get it out my mind,
The Bulls don't struggle with Rose, you idiot. Quit saying garbage for ratings, you incompetent NBA observer.
I kind of want to buy that now.
oh yeah hahahahaha i totally forgot whoops... :P
Yeah, I ain't gettin no book from the library.
Decision time. Do I go to a hot yoga class this morning or continue on as normal? Haven't done really hot yoga in years. Bit terrified.
just took my house from "pigsty" to "guest ready" in 1.5 hours.
ha! Thanks!
you guys are so rock n roll
I love It's so nice to hear rational people talk about politics for a half hour every week.
i replied so late lol :] but i'm listening to cody simpson <3
Planet Earth, please welcome to the stage my goddaughter Ava Michelle Dixon. Born May 6th, 2012 at 2:59am. Congratulations Karina and Mike!
Happy Halloween! What is the coolest costume you've ever seen (or worn yourself) for Halloween?
I am too cause this one girl just posed o pic of it but it had someone's ele name under it :/
Born and raised from Tunbridge Wells, Kent and work for Sporting KC in the front office. Love to hear about the opportunity
We keep making it easier to stay with Hilton. Now through December 31, choose from either double points a one free night after only 4...
#sicem #Big12 BSB: has a seven-game conference win streak
That should read.....Why Every Team is better than Carolina.....
Wishing everything was different. I'm so tired of it all being this way.
But people surely shouldn't be celebrating like this though. Some people are sick, this is not an excuse to get drunk
that's a 'bellissimo forno' Chef!!
Of the more than 11,000 lakes in #Minnesota, there are 201 Mud Lakes, 154 Long Lakes, and 123 Rice Lakes.
Nothing is never easy to obtain but it makes it that much better when u finally get it
Do you have your tickets yet? They are going fast!
Even the man in the moon disapears
why? He's just a black spot in your life.
Imagine a world with little sleep..
Tami your amazing. I helped planned a few events you attended in Miami, You keep it 100% real and i love that about you. YOU ROCK
Yeah Right!!!
I will do neither. I eat people that do shot like that
Watching the documentary of #EarvinJohnson announcing to the world when he had
I just left
Yup yup.
Ugh. He has made some guest appearances in other Nick shows like iCarly. Thankfully, I don't have cable anymore. :)
do I know u?? No but youre there
Don't worry, I'm sure noone notices it with your mustache and all...
If someone hates you for no reason, you give that motherf-cker a reason.
RT : Advertisers spend $60 billion a year on traditional TV and only $3 billion on online video. But that gap is closing.
Red bull mx des nations needs to get their act together. 2 hours waiting to get in so far!
Praying for traveling grace on the road back to Miami.
Have a missionary friend staying a few days, just me a $20,000,000 offering for my ministry (too bad it's Zimbabwe dollars and worthless :-)
It seems like everyone is always selling something.....
totally agree, I need solid shorts to keep the comfort factor up.
awesome a good yelp review always helps the business it would be appreciated! Thanks for coming in!
I love creative projects with friends!! I highly recommend this!!
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. ~ Leo Tolstoy
Re-watching The Wonder Years from the beginning. Still holds up.
LMAO! I look disgusted!! not very a la Julie Roberts in Pretty Woman!
Y'all didn't even give it a chance Bring Back Ringer
Happy New Year! 2011 was great. Here's to an even better
never had those :o
Come to #Museum Sun @ 1:30 for Difference of a Single Day Exhibit Opening. See photos & artifacts from Brit filmmaker's search for family.
really Jamie???
how can u hate a legend of zellda game u have no soul!!
Loving life! Hanging and slanging ;)
you are a true american!!!
- took the cowardly route. She was hired to do a job, but admitted she "couldn't". Wow... how unprofessional.
i never understood the slow speeds in school zones. is that so the pedophiles can get a better look at the school children?
We will be sending an email and stopping by real soon :)
hey queen I dont know if you remember me but my name is Born Asiatic Allah, out here in Az. Always do what you do, love you ma
Just wondering if you've had a chance to listen to The 1861 Project CD yet?
Thank you for the follow !!
Starships were meant to fly
that is way better.
you can always come back for a phd ;)
So ready for the weekend to be here already......
HIT ME UP ON FACEBOOK.COM WILLIAM COTTON
haha. I just can't seem to get my bearings
one of those lectures this morning that makes you wanna not touch anything and go home and take a bleach bath.
My concern with the county board of supervisors being allowed 2 redistrict their own areas. "putting the fox in charge of the chicken house"
What was that?
remember when a tweeter was the small speaker on your oversized stereo speaker system?
Yeah but how long have you had your Twitter? WAY longer than me and your only ahead by a few 10's.
Letterman: the only thing Chris Christie has vetoed = a salad
Kazoo's are making a comeback in Rihanna's "Where Have You Been".
good things don't happen to those who wait . . . good things happen to those who get up & get shit done .
imma miss himm..lol i wonder if he has facebook or twitter to spam his wall.lmao
bored, eating subway(:
You ROCK! RT : feeling good i saved a life at work today
Thank you!
-This song is about me, "all the girls in the club got big tits" -ah they are saying everybody in the club getting tipsy
#u2 ...amazing!
Hit us up for tickets to see us open for #Fuel with original lead singer ! tickets are going fast!
RT : Natl Media is all ovr corrupt culture of Perdue Admin but NC press is silent. Is corruption & abuse of power status quo in NC?
that's just the perfect epiphany.. thnak you! :)
Shutup Im a good cook. I would hate to go to school for it. suck it your never gonna be able make anything more than cereal
Akward moment..when it's quiet in your room! And your dog sneezes(: scared me!(:
Should iStay single or what?
Ugh, I can't stand the feeling of missing someone you like. Haha when did I fall in love???
It's just such a bummer that it's taking so long... see? I'm not a spambot after all... I follow you for realz.
STEROIDS GOOD! STEROIDS COOL!
don't forget about the Dallas Art Walk this weekend. the art walk roools!
11pm! Long-Form Parallel-Time Field Recording, Djerassi SMIP Ranch Woodside, CA Sept. 6, 2001 by Joshua Churchill
A1: Go scuba diving in Australia for sure!
I must have fooled him since I was carrying an iPhone!
Thanks for the mention!
Mercy Health
Awesome word of the day "blahblahsphere"
I sent a proposal via the woofu form. On "How to talk to a real, live user". I can do something else.
HI Louis! :) Fancy meeting you here!
What's your favorite restaurant in Milwaukee? Tweet us at
LOL! That's hilarious!
Through the love of another we discover who we are and who we can be. Love supports us to believe in ourselves. Happy Mother's Love Day.
You're awesome. -CV
Bad tasting ice? Time to change your water filter.
Can't believe it's already Nov! As Thanksgiving approaches, remember to think about donating to your local food banks.
Scott Caan quits acting for professional wrestling. With tag line 'Caan u smell what Scott Caan is cookin!?'
With the statement, and sarcasm doesn't translate well in tweet form :/ Understand his viewpoint, but two of our co-founders...
: yeah, exactly. i'm thinking high schools' fears about Vulnerable Students On The Open Internet are overblown.
When someone can convince me Google wants good things for me over ad revenue via selling me, I will trust their T&C.
William H. Brown Elementary Banks on the Playoffs with BMO Harris Bank and Chicago Bulls &quot;Adopt-A-School&quot; Program
hey , interesting discussion on the Disabled American Veterans Club now at Selectmen's mtg. Town owns the club bldg?
I will I'm there a lot usually with my best friend !!
Great batterys about to die and i dont have a car charger. Glad i have my charger so i can charge it when i get to the hospital.
Pero, y u got a iPhone 4 case on your iPhone 3?
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
I HATE A Gal That Talk Too Much Like STFU -_- . . .
Welcome to the team Nikki Boudreaux, Ross Anderson, Jeremy Wood, and Derek Rhoades!!!!!!
I'm taking Dr. Dozier's course this semester. Great teacher and advocate for the profession.
Last day of classes! Thank goodness!
What about your friends?
Just remember that weather is no excuse to take behavioral cues from Heathcliff.
I dont get how people can take their anger out on me when I have nothing to do with why you have an attitude .
Mets beat the psychological damage of Friday's game, beat Yanks 6-2
Torn. In so many directions.
Meek Milllly >>> Rawest rapper right now !!
hey i miss you(; you need to get yo ass in TC later and same with
PLEASE JOIN US on Sept 5 for our 1 year anniv! FREE GRAB BAG worth over $25 with $30 donation ALL DAY LONG! WEEDMAPS.com search bella flora
How old are your students? Most of us appreciate a well turned ankle.
Jim, like your work/site. Looking forward to seeing more
ah finally its ready! por fin esta el video!
Is it bad form to look for another part time library job (and keep the part time position I have now)?
I've heard good things about expression engine (costs $). Padrino for sinatra/ruby looks interesting for a role your own
u got a copy of ya mixtape without drop on in
ah, thanks!
Good Morning! Who's in the mood for some #Barbecue !
Tuesday at 7am - Paraguay vs. Japan. At 11:30am see Spain and Portugal clash! We will Re-Air the Spain/Portugal Match again at 6:30pm.
You in your darkest of dark moments will never be Morrissey.
well. thats what happens when i run with old running shoes. I GOT NEW ONES TODAY IN THE MAIL THOUGH.
post only links to valuable content to masses of followers. If tweets are good, you will get more dedicated follows.
My back hurts so bad. :(
Gods plan is in motion. Whitney your greatness will live in Our hearts forever.
Are you fucking kidding me?
what are you doing this week to advance your career?
Yeah, I hear you, it's a ground floor office and I got no windows. No ivory tower, no glass cylinder neither.
BURN IT
you have to put it on tho (;
heard great things.
NO idk why but it drives me crazy!!!!
#FollowMe and I'll follow you back. I remove all people that don't #FollowBack. Thanks! :)
Thanks! We're always looking for feedback, so if you have any suggestions let us know.
RT : Aries #ZodiacPeople - An Aries woman will not play games when in love, she will tell it like it is.
When people some they're "thirsty" Ew.
Link works if you remove the hyphen at the end...
Love People & Use Things Not Love Things & Use People. To Handle YourSelf Use Your Head. To Handle Others Use Your Heart
Quote of the Day: Real people do real things, if you was real you would have went and copped a real chain. -meek mill
Could you please follow me back :)
So is this retirement plan of Schweitzer's any different than what he has been doing. JK. LOL.
thank you superstar cousin!! :)
sorry just XL but it is very high quality cotton and can stretch some.
Lost all my #Hellboy, #BPRD trade papers and Library editions in Irene-fueled sewage backup. Furniture, too, but…COMICS. :(
*Vehicle Artist* - wanted for a A developer based in the UK...For more information contact .uk
The grand prize goes to Congrats! You won a #MomInspired Gift Bag with iPad! DM your email to
I need 6months vacation, twice a year..
Still need extras this Sat. for #HomeBrewed #webseries shoot. Will be loads of fun, great experience & did I mention there's #freefood ?
We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from it. William Osler (via )
Just watched your YouTube video...very cute. Makes me miss my 1st graders from last year.
OK great! Will they print in an 8x10 size OK? Won't look 2 grainy or anything?
Oh that's great news!!!!
Is arson a capital crime during times like this?
love!. im listening to zombie jumpstyle remix! it so good i cnt have ebough of that remix!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love you Ryan. ur mine for ever
": fantastic! And I are plotting a way to move here to be with and " DC would 4ever change
Great-good luck!
This Summer There's A Lott Of People Who Not Gonna Be Friends Anymore
Shakespeare says "All's well that ends well". And sometimes it just ends.
Fitch just downgraded his credibility to junk.
Wow, that was the wierdest, funniest call I've ever heard.
yes? RT : It's follow Friday so... EVERYONE FOLLOW ME! (Am I doing this right?)
#BanBeliebers heres alittle information is our idol and people like him more than YOU! HATER! JUSTIN BIEBER ForeverNdAlways<3
walk around da block get yo ass shot
it will be several months for me.
LMFAO. I THOUGHT YOU DID :O
no I don't think we're friends. I'm not dumb
Is pulling up to wait for your food a thing of the past in drive throughs? I just want my coffee
I don't want to know anything about you.
... Sir. RT : i have to slow down my brain right now
thats cool, get some sleep i'm in class anyways.
In this life you've got I stick up for yourself or else... Who will?
where did you first hear broken girl?
I need something to do... Ugh
LA! Yo, I need like a place that can reprint some headshots mad quick...only need like 30...who has some knowledge to impart?
Pick me up every season of SouthPark and I'll pay you Tuesday, I swear. (I would, actually, since I have no time to shop.)
Do you think the U.S. gov't thinks we are Citizens with God Given Unalienable Rights - or do they just consider us to be serfs now?
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 3
lmao what you said cuz, or like it can't happen to them.
yea girl love u and them :) had a blast .
Thank God for making me funny.
Microsoft to Botmasters: Abandon Your Inboxes (Brian Krebs/Krebs on Security) #m$watch
Crazy proud of what we're accomplishing on follow our analytics company for the film industry.
The Max train may stop you if your timing is bad but only for a matter of seconds.
just to let you know I'm fine dear (: just had a moment last night. thanks for always being there (:
watching true blood!
#Wight. New adventure invented here: Frankie Pickle the pirate in Russia saves the day from evil monkeys am.
I ALWAYS have buyers remorse... Taking shoes back tomorrow maybe. The jeans & shorts I won't as I need shorts for work & jeans for play. :)
lol! Well you better come this summer for sure! <3
calm down bitch lol
12 more days of school. YHEAAAAA
we will make it up to you with some new tunes this week. Hope to see you!
I need to pee and my bladder is hurting. :-(
#COMMUNITY time!
Venue change for the Xibalba/Soul Search show. It will now be at Walters. Price is still $6 and time is still at 4pm. We play first.
Usability testing works well with just 3 user tests - the boulders become clear. at around 5 tests the feedback becomes redundant
: Congrats on
oh no! Hope she is okay! Poor little girl.
heck no I need a big dog! A big cuddle buddy!
I use to love Pharell song "Frontin".
This road trip would have been so much better if I remembered to DL the new BTE album sent me :/
People in pink cars: You bug me.
So happy for all the newly engaged couples out there (including my sister)!!!!!!!! CONGRATS! And let the #weddingplanning begin!
Questions/Requests used to be 60% of consumer interaction. With self service on the web, now 47%.
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again (code 57mjm)
I don't mean to offend people ... That's not my intention
The refs really screwed us in this one. Missed two obvious penalties in final 10, give us one that results in GW.
RT : Congrats Cupcake Creations in Penfield for their triumph on -Cupcake Wars. Way to go!
No rents for me. Going to the park, hmu if you want to chill
Wish I had friends that understand what I'm going through <///3
FUCK! I was hoping I was a genius and knew you by now lol
Elle Varner-Ghosts >>
quote of the night from Kindra after a sip of king henry "I love the way it slides across my tongue and makes it way to my cheeks"
I'm your local rep -- just left you a message. Looking forward to speaking with you.
HA. Doubt it.
wow thats a lot!
Improv writers for tonight w/ BLACK ARTS w/ "BUS STOP ON SMB" CHERRIE'S NEW MAN...
I need sleep. Or caffeine. Either way gimme a bed!
RT : 2012 WILL HENCEFORTH BE KNOWN AS THE YEAR WHEN NON-WHEDON FANS SUDDENLY "GOT IT."
Guthrie sucks
Working on some #cnfdntl shit with
Can you go on a DM spree!!?!?
Embla witnesses the last days of her #culture & survives the transition.She recounts the #saga to her #descendants in a most unusual way.
Absolutely,and when you love your people you try to reach out to them even when it's a challenge and not very popular. 1LUV
really!:0i will buy u like a million boxes of them just for u !:)that's how much ily
I only do certain shit for my future success is my only option!
Thanks for the FB! Happy to tweet with you!
where I've always been lmao I'm not saying where I live on twitter!
cool,how are u dear ? <33 how was ur holidays? :)
I love it when people text or tweet drunk!! They seem so happy, Plus its funny :D
Do yourself a favor: listen to up-and-coming artist She sang beautifully and meaningfully to a packed Red Devil Lounge last night.
Freezing to death.
Hey thanks! And we're big Naked Pizza fans. Thanks for getting us through late nights in the studio!
How TF you bored and you just got up? RT“: LMAO im bored”
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 8
shoutout to the new followers &' !
good luck!
On my way to see The Avengers!
Thanks Everyone for coming to Winstons last night! We had fun! -BAC
da best tweet.I seen n you so badd
"Happy Birthday" to Shannon, 's AMAZING Asst Lab Tech. She turns 30 today but it's all good -- she still looks great!
A true friend: Cares like a mom Scolds like a dad Teases like a sister Imitates like a brother Loves more than a lover
Parents are going outta town this weekend. I should throw a #projectx type party. Hay ;)
lucky as always...air bud = gold
Can't wait to see you two!
I can’t believe I am missing at Watching House of the Devil at home by myself does not fill the void.
Off to the Denver vs. Seattle game.  Need to win this one guys.  Go Broncos!!
Sundown United will be doing an interview with us about our art endeavors! Be on the lookout for the article!
via : This is a great site and a wonderful way to keep in touch!
Zombies are better than unicorns because unicorns fart rainbows and that's just disturbing.
Blondes or brunettes?
Found boxed mac n cheese that's dairy free. First time I've seen this. Any favorite brands?
right. As kids will always get high, parents will always freak out
wow thats fuck up. Dude why don't you just hire another girl and have her beat the shit out of her. Lol
Shocked we had a good lunch in the wind... not sure why 115degrees is more comfortable than 25mph winds to Vegas folk but we accept
your confidence is leaving you on your own.
Today is my Sisters Birthday. She would have been 41. Happy Birthday Tracie! Blow out the stars on your cloud cake tonight.
Are you watching Nets from Indy? Why? Great Rangers game on NBCSN
No he doesn't, I'm not sure if Jon does either. I like the idea a lot though!
my feelings for u are way beyond this universe nd witout u idk wat i would do<33 ur the guy a girl wished she had:] MUAH!<3
LAUC'ers are a special kind of involved!
"Dear Delilah" - Grapefruit
just followed! Thanks for following! :)
Those babies can't even hold their head up.
Be our first customer review please, pretty please! ;)
Thank you for the mention!!
Busy day ahead !!! Have a wonderful hump day !!!!
Text messaging is an imprecise science.
good! Thanks!
it was Marlins highlights. Its like they didnt even mention the Bucs winning the game.
don't do it!!! I got pulled over for that last year!!
So my idea made it to the second round in #swroc but didn't get a team formed around it. Working on SkillsTrader.
great meeting you last night! Lets link up this week so we can talk about these ideas. LoL at putting Stan out there on Twitter
Vegas lights
Just contacted an acupuncturist. Absurdly excited for my first appointment.
Awesome to hear ya on WTMJ. Miss ya man!!
is that the sticker they give to NBA players?!
RT : bad bitchess like me aree hard to go find ;]
but we all have our unshared personal archives. Hence the value of #criticalcommons for another mode of collab
can it be tomorrow already.
Next time a chick ask "How big is your penis" I won't tell them. I will just say it can hold up about "15" candy canes.
I think I shall rock my MS State shirt at work today!
we'll definitely pass that along to the owners - great idea! #whodat #gamedaygear thanks:)
Yes invented beet and rose risotto out of desperation. (I don't know how to DM)
Thanks for the mention!
If u can't sleep then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying. It's the worry that gets u not the lack of sleep. ~D Carnegie
looking forward to ur album!
better than seeing you
“: #CAR #Panthers signed RB Mike Tolbert to a four-year contract.” great pick up for
Happy Thanksgiving !
Gunshot fired
Wonder wha she doing?
Tell students that they are "walking experiments" - they might begin to look at lab activities/procedures a bit differently.
Sweet god why is ESPN carrying a press conference for a backup quarterback? Why is there a press conference on the first place?!
Stay away from Willards...
They make the Foo Fighters play outside?
Loving D.C. - such an amazing city! And, really looking forward to the conference happening this week!
my pleasure -- it was wonderful.
"fuck it, if I do this half assed I'll have time to dance out my frustrations."
These niggas talk shit on facebook more than bitches do about niggas I guess they
sets an alarm for 11:30. Gotta make sure you get up in time!
if has anything to say about it, I'm going to go with "no" as the answer to your question.
A little boy asked his father, "Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?" Father replied, "I don't know son, I'm still paying."
And josh Hamilton hit one also for Texas!
best virtual brands out there? talk amongst yourselves...
My mom was like, look at my sowing bag, I look up & it's a crown royal pouch. Lol
Headed to Platform Hillhouse, better know as Hellhouse. Wish me luck, pray for a short job.
he loved me :)
alternatively, create GoogleDoc form for student comments while viewing video -> discussion starter.
Game of thrones is sick
At the rate we're going we're never getting to the airport! 3 more hotel stops??
But I am gathering story ideas. Now back to Chekhov and
Yay! RT : Defensive end Luis Castillo has re-signed with #Chargers, per his agent.
Put your hairy chest away chewbaca.
did u and your boy get the tuna loca tonight
I can't, that's just it!
Money Saving Tip #33: Switch to term life insurance.
All of these state voter id laws are really troubling. I guess it really is 1950
Adam Nougeteiri of course! Can't see the uprights.....doesn't matter. It's good.
Running on no sleep and I have to perform in two back to back shows tonight. Monster is a life saver.
till I'm done baby sitting
Food for thought: If Patsos had stayed at UMD, he would have been their head coach.
#Dodgers Matt Kemp leaves game vs. #Rockies. Could be a hamstring injury.
Y my enemies envy me got that from Pac !
Later going for a run..if I ever wakee up:O
are a laughing stock, thanks to Stephen Ross and Jeff Ireland. I envy people who don't care about sports as much as I do.
finally ikr...but I'm excited about it...miss u and love you lots :)
did you purchase your megaticket yet?
I love who u are ,I love who u aint...
“: “Oh please don't go- We'll eat you up-we love you so!” - RIP Maurice Sendak.” tx stories that connect me 2 my kids 4ever
Foraying into #EAD with a trial run in
I'm ready to get the suits I want a closet full.
Congratulations on your new head coaching assignment. They are lucky to have you. Make the best of it and have fun!
there is a bee in the studio. starting off WGTBWeek with a BZZZZZZ
it's a mad house
I feel like I'm gonna be sick.
cont. Rotational lists & how they're used will b explained in RFQs. #sdp2p cont.
That's "One" Of The Biggest Lies You've Ever Told.
I think Rios is worse the Dunn
Morgan was out at home. But we'll take it.
just finished watching snakes on the plane
I cant wait to do this Inception reenactment.
I'm not drunk tonight. Not one drink today. :)
RT : tomorrow I meet w the #LoCKSS crew in Stanford! yea for finding paths to collaboration!
my dog went to the groomer yesterday. ever since she's been walking around here like she KNOWS she's the better looking one.
Gotta love all day sale meetings that talk about things we should be doing but can't because we're in a sales meeting.
oh gof this is so funny WY IS THIS SO UFNNY
RT : A8. Once saw the entire business class section gave up their seats for soldiers being deployed
dude me too. I like that this one was more linear. I must have watched the US version like 20 times yesterday
Don't forget Finals Mania tomorrow! May 1 at 9pm. Bring your student ID for free pancakes and more!
Nothing beats just grabbing your iPad and heading out to the coffee shop unencumbered yet equipped to get real work done.
Wanna know who TonyTAt
Dead battery on the iPhone!!
I should be driving to The Lou for Arch Madness right now. Le sigh.
Nim & Nem rehearsal, vocal/guitar/tamborine tracking for Thought EP, Degeneration X tonite () - YES, day!
#OBU Stand up! Congrats ...It's just the beginning! "Faith, Focus, Finish"
I know! I used to read books on it and I swear we talked about it in class... Elementary school must be so different now.
The #SOPA protest is going to be insane! Planners include
We won our catergory at the BE2awards. www.biwtech.com for news on Best AEC Collaborative Application.
great idea
You still mean everything to me. You're just not worth the fight anymore.
RT : Don’t judge me for my choices when you don’t understand my reasons.
not a problem! Enjoyed the nice weather in #Philly this weekend -- hope you got to do the same in
omg i do! she's like santa.. she doesnt exist..
how'd you know it was gonna be so awesome? I think can tell the future ladies and gentleman.
Looking forward to your updates from
Also, my caffeine and Claritin haven't quite kicked in yet. And I have gum on the sole of my shoe. So, good morning! How are y'all?
hello from chicago!
I'm Teaching About Sexuality To A Friend, The Virgins Are So Naive! xD
Whats the coolest spell you can use?
So excited for the possibility of #interning away from home this summer; can't pull myself away from Craig's List.
Charlotte see you in a hour and a half!
I did not eat enough 2day, that includes Pussy. There's always 2morrow!
that's cute cause he came home to me :)
Bin Laden's biggest mistake: Not reading his smartphone contract thereby allowing them to track him. From now on it's payphones for me!
鸣 míng chirp of birds or insects, ring公鸡每天鸣叫/gōngjī měitiān míngjiào/The rooster crows every day. 钟鸣了三下/The clock struck three.
At LGA waiting on my plane to Minneapolis for #aam2012 Looking forward to meeting other #aamemp 's
Putting news on the web, writing news releases... I feel like a bonafide communicator today.
Let me see ur peacock! <3 Katy Perry
Thanks! Too kind. PS - Thanks for RTing same!!
I wish apon that shooting star that I could find this dog
only way to get better in my craft,
True, but Gronkowski was a rookie.
And it all comes down to this. GO BIG BLUE! GO BIG BLUE!
I want a guy to sing me "What Makes You Beautiful" by One Direction.(:
Also if you buy 'organic' in a grocery store it means little. Still subject to FDA regulations.
#SmackDown yeah he did
you know there's trouble in Beantown when the Sox fans are booing their manager ....
Listen everyone, everybody has a fucked up bracket, you still got a chance!
I think they're too cute!!
What's everyone's favorite item in the Gold Collection?
pretty good :) Yours?
haha all of them!!
Nice work Preparing for CISPA?
So, the teen pregnancy rate has never been lower; experts blaming procrastination as the leading cause.
What did you think of it? Who was the producer?
Got 20 tickets to sell gotta uh sell five b4 da week over don't know how imma sell em all but imma get it or I wont b performing !!!
I'm pretty sure, given daylight savings time and all, that the sun is over the yardarm at 11 now.
Why do dogs get so mad when you blow in their face but stick their head out of the window in the car?
#GoBuckeyes and #GoFlyers. Hockey and Football....
hahahahah thank youu babe :) <3 but I'm working on the followers thing :)
