That's the best kind of day. :)
RT ": Schools don't fail students...students fail themselves"
If Andy Samberg leaves #SNL, who will do my beloved #NicolasCage impression??
Will do! Maybe I'll come scoop you up in it. Hope all is well.
Oh...I love that idea...I'd need more orange and yellow though!
did any body watch xfactor...simon says its like a bunch of justin bieber dolls gone wrong......soooooosoooooosooooosoooo FUNNY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : Here's a strategy: be a human. Post a lot when U can. Don't when U can't. B nice. Don't just toot yr own horn. /endstrategy
Fire Sherman. 3 former Avs goalies dominating playoffs. Anderson, Elliott and Theodore. Meanwhile they gave up their 1st rounder
nothing son jas games saturday
I hate strapless bikini's/shirts simply because it looks like it suffocates your boobs.
SUPER agitated right now..
"I hate dumb ass people" #QOTD spoken by my
Boomer Travel Tip: Feb. 13th - Remember the location of your parked car at the airport by leaving a note in your phone or voice recorder.
I LIKE EM THICK, LIKE SOFIA VERGARA'S ACCENT
Zora Neale Hurston~ I want a busy life a just mind and a timely death.
Shut up big head
#PeopleJamesHardenlookslike a homeless person
Our musicians still haven't shown up. About time to bust out
I want a slice of Steve's right now!! 🍕
Bow chicka wow wow
I think it's cute ;)
I'm w/ the PTA ( & ) I'm looking to partner w/. Parents are REALLY into positive relationships w/ teachers!!
around here
I am utterly confused.
I'm mad at u lol, I'm "going to bed" again 😒
Let get it started in here. A party in here! It's Hedo days! Welcome Emily and all of
#Raw Wow R-Truth is corny now. Like, embarrassing
My good mate Adrian, who I consider a brother to me. tried to cheer me up, thanks mate ur a good brother :')
This is shaping up to be a great weekend!
I hope the Rays are ready for the Ceej. Cause they are getting NO runs today. And they're starting a rook. This should be fun.
RT : GOAL! JP Rodrigues scores for the Milwaukee Wave!
OMG no way. I'm about 99% sure that you & I left for college on the same day. 10 years? What??
Thx for coming! Merry Christmas!
What a beautiful day to have a Business Camp
ill look like a total freak =)) RT : Ur going to wear a 3baya whether u like it or not☺
Probably not gonna go to bed until midnight. Still smoking, still sitting in the kitchen. And I still have to go to school in the morning.
The good girls get hurt the most”
No, you didn't meet him but thank you for remembering. What'd you think of the fight? You watch?
Kind of excited to see what some of these players can do for the
Love - like a cat: it is still scratch you, even if you wanted to just play with it.
you are in for the slumber party this Friday, yes?
I'm glad I've learned not to think too far into things.
Miami welcomes you back!
Good goin' sport!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when i just said she is so cute and he says hes a boy 0_0
I hate when people call for bail but don't have any money.
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
I'm a reporter for KPBS and wonder if you'd be willing to talk about your reaction to bin laden's death today - 619-252-1693
yea man flamingo all day u?
Emmet Cohen was the last guy's name
Just tapped Anthem Apple Cider.
Despite Mpls traffic's attempts to stop me, I made it to & thru the galleries to David Zambrano performance w/1 min to spare.
happy Friday to my friends; , , , ,
Thanks, Maylene! enjoy the rolls!
awe that's cute<3
yes plz :) I DM my email
Its Salsa Mondays at Dance Bethesda !! The Fun starts at 8pm. See you tonight!
man dawg stop
Today was great!!
From one veteran to another, thank you for your service.
Happy birthday <3
Who's excited about on June 4th at ? Um, we are!
70 and clear skies here in Texas :)
Royal Wedding? lol what is this, the dark ages?
We have so much in common!
This day is going by so sloww
Sorry I've been gone so long!
- cool stuff and a great way to co mingle all the future smart products
Really sad I'm missing this (minus the line). Whoa the line for Missoni for Target pop up is already over a block long
Everryone else is tweeting a lot so why can't I??? :D
Thank you for following! :)
"Pro-poverty policy" woo...o..o?
What city best exemplifies the spirit of Route 66? We'd love to hear which one and why!
I am going to need all the advice I can get! Thank you! I am excited to explore.
yep, nice read. Seems like a good guy.
Ok, no quotes today ... The Family Fish Farm website should be up Wednesday, next, the 10th ... pray for us.
good morning Bailey(: ik it's like 3 in LA but its 6 in Texas. Lol hope you have a good day😘
no sorry :/ it's taking a lot longer than expected to upload haha
Mike! Any new news on the new Us album??
Soo excited!!! My leonardo (car) is finally going to be back in possession. 😍🚗
@ performance of Elijah. Am digging angry, violent old testament God.
Fun and fuckin games! Til I say other wise
Posted at tha crib bored af it's raining out here in cali
awww D Thanks!!! Love you Lil' man!!! KIT with me throughout the day and I'll keep u posted!!!
we still on for next weekend?!
The peace that passes all understanding is my song
Oh, Paris is smiling today!
So what's your favorite song by We Are Defiance?
Join us every Thursday for Thirsty Thursday’s at The Grateful Palate. Free wine tasting from 5-7 p.m . Please RT!
Word RT : “: So Ma$e is back again? *yawn* i'll pass on that” <-- he's the biggest scam artist to EVER do it. Sheesh
I am cordially inviting you to Doc It Foundations event on Thursday Sep. 22 at KAVACHNINA Contemporary at 46 NW 36 St. 33132. See you there!
The #PublicInterest #LawScholars program application will be available November 1st
want to F'n Puke!! Would've loved a shot at Pats..oh well
Can't have facial hair?
i know the feeling! I've been building my own tan back up haha
what a special day :)
Accomplishing My Goals And Making My Dreams Come True <3
Will the Resistance 3 survivor pack be available for North America?
Why does the following headline sound... inappropriate: "NFL player shows off his exotic pet "
lol #dreamjob. think we should apply together, this could be your golden ticket to the world of male modeling.
A lot of people say you should only eat food that is local and organic. Buying from markets farther away is apparently bad for the planet.
Rome wasn't built in a day
#pll A will be revealed. #psyched 💘😃
www.soundclick.com/biggcountryakabeatmonsta for inquires
I keep trying to sleep but my mind reminds me of everything going on in the world. :/
Nose stuffy , eyes puffy , dry mouth , headache , yup being sick is horibble .
The hardest part of packing for a trip is deciding which teas to bring. We're going to Japan for Christmas, do we bring any tea at all?
What time are you guys going to wait for the wristband things ?
#NewMexico has endured a lot of heat and wind this week! I'll tell you what our weather looks like through NEXT Friday tonight on KOB 4!
#KONY ...the only black guy who wants kids.
nick is hot .... just saying hes bangable =]
Absolutely! I agree with Griffey that they could (and might) bypass libraries and create a subscription service.
Happy Thanksgiving! I'm thankful for my healthy family and friends, espresso jello shots, and mashed yams.
She needs to shut up!!!! Ugh so annoying
breakfast looks yummy!
Suck my #dragonballs bitch call me
“: I love your twitter name :D” Thank you!:)
Thanks for the shout out!
Did you watch the UNC-Duke basketball game? So painful to lose like that. :(
My bullet wont help nomore smh
Branding takes time. Its something you have to work at...
I'll always support you Michael! You're a good person & a great friend. Hope your back gets better. Have a great weekend. :)
lovin my Nexus S 4g...beats my old iPhone hands down!
Thanks! I sort of dig the way one can add art, color, video, and such on G+, but it's lonely over there.
you will!! Milkshakes are the new thing :) haha you know I love you!
Obviously! That's almost the best part of the experience!
Time for bed.. Goodnight world <3
very cool! don't you love it when students begin to own their learning?
The death penalty: Killing people that kill people to show people that killing people is wrong. #BIG Contradiction
Congrats to for winning male singer and justin getting slimed was the best thing ever :)
Please Follow and subscribe to us on keek. <333 TheMahomies3
I'm a Hombre Lobo :o “ i am vampira”
I justify my own fines w/ "more new books for the pub library!" RT : I just paid $20.00 in overdue fines. I'm a bad librarian.
how goes your weekend?
Some love lasts a lifetime. True love lasts forever.
Not a problem over here. RT : Loool, sorry, got excited over books. Well, excuse me. :D
MKG on the bench RT : How is Louisville down only six?
Off to Baltimore to visit Ft. McHenry & spend time in inner harbor area. Kids asked to watch Legally Blonde 2 on bus but forgot
they should be called Gillianaires.
Humiliation, they name is
Not quite. I'm in Patisserie Valerie eating an almond tart, moments after bumping into a convicted criminal.
Sounds like a plan! Pre-show pizza!
I am thinking of making my old hometown (that I've avoided for decades) my next vacation destination.
THANK U
You need therapy....really... GET HELP
Cats be trying TOO hard to be smart...lol
yep. We spoke this morning for The New Thing Network. Jud speaks tomorrow afternoon. Can't wait to see you!!
This. Is. Great.
Destroyed 30 wings today at buds between & I. It twas a good lunch to say the least!
Top of the mornin to the rest of you twatters out there; and happy Friday ! :)
I normally am too. Hoping to pick up produce tomoorow morning
ANYONE know how to say "handstand push-ups" and "overhead lunges" in Spanish?
I expect you to be in Portland this weekend?
Conner just got home -__- im sorry its a school night
2nd cup of coffee time!
Let the snarky comments begin: RT iPad…is it as good on my heavy days as it is on my light days?
I don't give a shit what happens off the field. Id let Charlie Sheen be head coach if he was winning us bowl games.
With compliments like that you get free wax job!
Romney tends to TALK when he's lying. RT : Romney tends to laugh when he's lying. Good to know when watching the debates.
good one f*cker...antivirus software right?
It sounds like Wilpon had a few bourbons before making critical comments about his own #Mets players.
#df11 is for the Dreamforce Cloud Computing at Moscone, see tweet below to get a ticket. Last year was informative.
Connect with others! www.knowledgesafari.com Write reviews! Join us!
No abstracts.
Situational Irony: Reading "The Turn of the Screw" while trying to turn a screw.
ohhhhhkay Chump!! It ain't over til it's over! See you in Delray "bro" lol
The girl from Colombiana is bad as fuck..
what up
Do I keep following Rick Ross on Instagram now that every picture is of ugly Reebok sneakers?!
what happened to ma real niggas looked up and they was gone
can't go wrong either way - classic aviators are the 'ish.
Into VW's? FireHouse CustomZ will begin a couple old Beetle Restos!
Morris Claiborne looks nice. True?
Tebow haters stop raising the bar...at 1st they said he couldn't play at all...then he couldn't win...now it's he can't win Superbowl.
I will tweet my way to mastering complex <140 character statements.
Cooking channel : great recipes for quick and easy meals. ~~~~~ alton brown
how about you guys wear the dresses after and I are done with them.
the creepiest part about it is you found me.. haha
Someone very nice?
The way I am it's all my fault
no problem :-)
": Just rolled in with for an concert at the palladium!!" You like .??? Marry me.
THEIR LITTLE KIDS ARE SO CUTE OMG
I think its hot
Losing isn't an opinion...
Follow #NewGroutNow on twitter. See how they help Ronald McDonald House Charities w/ clean and green tile/grout/antimicrobial services.
Who loves the cow? Giving free hugs today. NYC Midtown.
Can you provide an email address for me. Ive tried contacting one of your writers about out dishcrawl event. Email was inactive.
#thingsIgottateachmy son: to respect all women, no exceptions.
no it most certainly is not
Brendan Schatski, sophomore from University of Pittsburgh, is biracial, bilingual, bicultural, having an American father and a Thai mother!
From now on, I'm only fucking with people who keep that shit 3 Hunna. Nothing less
Happy mothers day ma nigguuh!!
I've never heard you chew before c: but some people do it all ugly.
The Drums are playing tonight!
Just arrived home. Great film crew - Paul from NY, Petr from Prague, and Jonas from Amsterdam!
protagonist of MY life . . antagonist of YOUR life .
My cat thinks it's play time. I think it's #indexing time.
hey handsome hope you are well!
lol. just saw a little kid palying wit a gameboy advance !
RT : DALLARA SAYS GREEK BANKING SYSTEM WOULD COLLAPSE ON EURO EXIT. Remember this quote in 1 month
Welcome to day 12 of #drupa Visit #Xerox hall 8b if you want to focus on what matters most - we'd love to help you
STAY LAUGHING AT THESE DUCK ASS HOES!!!!!!!!!!
then send it to him!
i find it hard to explain how i do my hair, i just do it, if there is a certain way i wanna dye it or cut it then i do it, nothing to it.
Listened to the whole 1D album today in us history.... :)
Bargain Hunters Take Note: Insider Cluster-Buying At MXWL
I'm so over people. Shit is pointless. It's all pretty entertaining though. Lololol.
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man. - Lana Turner
She was chillin lookin hot in her bead smokin pot. And I kept my distance, I was the good boy.
love is in the air.... FALSE. nitrogen, oxygen, argon and carbon dioxide are in the air.
Goodnight yo? Really? Did I really just get goodnight yo?
Changing the #CTC could affect 5.5 million kids. Terrible affect on levels of poverty.
:3 RT : #Virgos like perfection, though they are not perfect . They are the closest thing that you'll get to it .
- thanks for the mention this morning!
left-overs are great lunches.
Here we go--Honduras 2012 is underway! Prayer and fundraising starts now!!
Has anyone signed up for the savings club on coupons.com? Wondering if it is worth the money.
Linux Mint 12 installed on the new cheap netbook. Let the games begin.
RT if you love Thomas Miceli c: OUR BOYZ ARE FLAWLESS.
Thanks OHCircuitRider for the global video of "Stand By Me", it was great!
Sometimes I call my dog Dugatha Christie. Is that gay?
I have been well. Thanks
Sure thing! Looking forward to it. :-)
great moods are always good! ha
phew! we're not the only ones... RT My hair is still wet from the shower I took at 8 this morning.
very cool. What book?
I hear a bad joke in there? Wear white for women's rights. Sounds like some setup for a wet time in a bar. Bad choice of color.
12 students showed up for John Brown's trial. Ah the power of extra credit!
Life is not about getting through the storms, but about dancing in the rain
told Dot Jones 2 her face. "Emmy winning performance" on Glee 2 nite @ Academy Screening. Awesome #'s & Michelle Nailed it!
all of your food pictures is making me hungry :) How much for the bike?
I'll be in Rome and Milan for the White Milano Fashion Trade Show, do you work with anyone in Milan?
Let's get this party started!!! W/ &
Aw! I like John Mangin. And I wish you were here for SXSW.
- He is getting close, He could make a huge difference it he mentions or supports the amendment to get money out of politics.
Are these the same refs that called Syracuse-Ashville?
It's called a simple pull up from 5-7 ft.
Jus got 3 packages from "The School of Law": Ohio State Moritz, CSU-Cleveland-Marshall, & U of Dayton. Not ready to open those...
How the hell Rite Aid gonna be out of #Doritos!
I'm gonna shoot a bitch
Lol funny when your ex want's you back. They actually realized what they had.
Feels like Florida already... 3 days!
Painting a ceiling tile.
Needs to go back to bed :(
God help me triumph over my enemies with large amounts of wealth and happiness
Awww, so cute!
#nisoEbook vendor and platform providers panel discussion inc reps from ebrary, EBSCO, EBL, Ingram, and Books at JSTOR
hey girl !
are you serious?
“Any man can win when things go his way, it's the man who overcomes adversity that is the true champion.” --Jock Ewing
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES c:
SPRING BREAK!!
a rooster is the perfect alarm clock except when it comes to the turning the alarm off.
Who'd going to watch wall to wall English league soccer today? Not me.
What time y'all gonna be there til? Got 6 hungry locals!
That could only be a DC quote.
Warning to the C-USA/NCAA is about to be FREE and do his thing.
I have officially rump to bring a junior next year
are you sure you can handle it? J/K
OH MY GOD WHAT MY SISTER JUST SAID IM SERIOUSLY ABOUT TO DIE OF LAUGHTER.
lol I'd rather have T.Swift and Miley though
hopefully in an hour or so bro...what's up?
Reading Calloway's "New Worlds for All" and I cannot help but wonder how a glorified lit-review made it on my quals list...
I like you too and you really need the virtue of patience that is all
Cheers, thanks for joining us! RT : Enjoying pregame meal 's in The Ritz.
yeah... frank mccourt is totally on top of it
he said i told him it would be easy
Eric Mill, #SunlightFoundation now has formal program to assist foreign governments that want to be transparent.
thanks for saying you love us we love our followers and would do anything to make them happy
Mom's on a date.. and i'm jealous.
I did go through the steps. Since I had a picture and was just unable to get the guide (920 errors), the rep stopped there.
Good thing I didn't go with you! haha
Don't forget about the meet up tomorrow at 3pm on Newbury st. at Jack Wills. Hope to see ya there! - .xx
Waiting for my sister !!! Hurry up lol
I'm so going to need coffee tomorrow morning lol :p But that's ok. It's totally worth it. We've been waiting for 9 months, so yeah. ;D
at least you're still better than Bieber. lol.
Need help splitting frequenciess :/
always the hard way.
So excited for premiere week! Can't wait to get home and watch some good TV...
I ain't settling for anything less than everything. <3
Is it not?
They look at it like a challenge": Actually never....now that I think about it. This is the first time it's ever been like
you too!
oh wow. Well that's...wow. I am surprised. Thought you were all gungho about getting a job.
Why do bachelors like smart women? Opposites attract.
I did it can u help thank u
Wah! It's it even really been winter yet!
Bye bye Bloomberg TV
No one wants advice, only corroboration. ~ John Steinbeck
GB Fumble!!! Let's capitalize ATL...
Wow, took long enough RT : Fox Sports partnering with Fuel TV will carry one live event each month.
Riding to Nap with the homie .. On
nice presentation Bruce, thanks!
awesome. demos his hack of a on #DPLA data
Great profession u have
parkgate weather for you
we should chat later. Also get some sleep :)
Seeing The Avengers in 3D because 3D was our only option. Was it shot in 3D? Hope so.
I think we're in it for the fun of singing and it makes little diff who's around to hear it. And also we can keep some of the songs.
Welcome to the Twitterverse!
#TyLawson & #JohnWall The 2 Fastest Players In The NBA Them Boys Run Like Jets 2 Young Future *ALLSTARS*
What is going on why is everyone messing with you.??
Our Dane County Board unanimously approved medicinal Marijuana - Madison Wi. Check out OnlineRehabClinic.com.
can you stop mentioning me in ur tweets? Thanks!
Just saw Cried during most of it. And couldn't help but think Zac Efron pulled some HSM moves
Thanks Brian!
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
feeling less foxy these days, twitter handle changed to something I won't feel awkward saying at a poker table.
Yeah. Anyway how are ya? It's Jenny btw XD
Thanks! We appreciate your support :)
sorry to hear.... no no wait, I'm not. HAHAHA
OK. 800 words today. That is the goal for my book. Rewriting chapter two and fleshing it out. Oh, the agony!
What word did you play to do that? Whatever it was, it should always be kept in mind!
Me and on the same page, these fools pooooo.
NICNOS TONIGHT 8-11 - rounding out our great weekend of music at Whiskey Chicks!
"You know what it's alright b/c my boo probably has fed exed me a new pair of shoes!"
love him!
you NEVER need it, yet you ALWAYS do...
Join us Tuesday at SNHU for Iron Design Event -- NHCC's signature annual design competition. Come see "how the sausage is made" as you wat…
Fckn phone was dead..
Hey! We're up early! Why not start the day together? Might I suggest our #2? Two Eggs, Roast Beef or Italian Hash, & Toast! It's de-lish!
getting close to locking in a 3% refinance after our talk/final push. remind me to fetch you guys dinner btn omegaevents.
hey you guys go like DJ IceCold Of ColumbusGA fan page for me
This is one of the best Saturday afternoons I've had in a long time
Aww quit crying
hey ur coming over tomorrow !!!!!! i cleaned my room lol
thank you for the retweet.
Marquette come out and make your Monday Gyrotastic by stopping by our cart in front of Raynor for lunch!
You're a runner too? Are you training for anything?
thanks for the mentions!
I have a weird fascination for FUNs We Are Young music video
great job today enjoyed your coverage.they are on fox this year
oh aight. you gone hoop for the army?
Goodnight to all of you!! I and Jesus loves u all!!!
Remember to keep Japan in your thoughts and prayers.
I usually tell mom to get her ass in the kitchen and make me food like shes meant to but today I'll have to make her food..
Omg there are legit tears streaming down my face! Gahhhh this movie always breaks me down dammit
you'll be waiting for a long time lmao:-)
- good one Veezy=
OH MY GOD. #KillMeNow Hahahaha awkward.....awkward...awkward. Hahahahaha
I Love Taylor swift!!!
do it! RT #parklife people surprise me! Ignore the weather/daylight savings laziness & come early! I'm on at 1:15pm
Thank you!
Thanks to DDB, Page TVI and Sasquanaut for another great show at Wong's, back to the studio we go!
watchin Florence & the Machine stream on Youtube. looks&sounds awesome! Thx for the midnight soundtrack to work to.
Wine and Special K for dinner. What?
my mom seen you on #RHOA reunion and thought u were so cute, "who is that". I had to let her down easy, tell her you were gay :)
Wow, my NATURAL gorgeous hair just hit 27.55 inches!! No weave needed here!! <3 BEING REAL!!!
Working on a preso about innovation. Question for my TB's, what traits do innovators have? Thanks!
Tons of people playin' on our comps! Need some more people for Halo Reach! Come join the fun!
i think sundaaayyy im not sure what timee
new banger drops today tweet #burghorlandoami and help us trend!
I miss my doggy :(
these plim sole shoes are slippery, plim is a funny word
its cause yolo
RT Thanks! Happy
What did just now to cheer me up >>>
did you guys hire me yet? ;-)
yeah and he's going to Miami, maybe you guys can get Tebow
I always get embarrassed for goofballs who try to rock the national anthem.
Is anyone else's power out in Derby?
As soon as I got to your site, two ads started talking at the same time. I left in a hurry.
couldn't agree more
Good Friday morning! Finally....
G: "This book I'm editing uses the word #$%& a lot." K: "Don't tweet that."
True. When is that announcement? RT : next year the games will be on CBS. Won't be a problem. #GoBlues regardless.
Thanks Nikki! I appreciate all and any support. :)
I need someone to go #hatting with, you wanna help me out with that problem??? (:
pretty bad. Do you have any good pointers?
can u send me the link to boyfriend plz?
dinosaurs still rule this world
did you hear him say that blackpower bull??!!
Dont miss the first day of Bags, Baubles & Ballgowns tommorrow at ! This event is hosted by Angel Charity & admission is $10
Something smells like umm. Pizza.
Just put my vote in my dude...Dope material...Definetly one of the best producing in the game homie.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and help them become what they are capable of being. ~ Goethe
Well said! - "We are a country of headline readers" -
I love you like a love song(;
-hugs you tight- Ey Mate!!!!! -in an aussie accent-
Ryan, LLC is currently hiring Tax Compliance professionals in Atlanta, GA and Downers Grove, IL. Please visit our website and apply today!
:-D get psyched, because I am almost finished with a cover of what's my age again. I know, different band haha.
Are your parents retarded, 'cause you sure are special.
we have too many twitter names!!
hahahaha I kno! Lol my plan is to be outta the house for as long as possible, fucking shit up
#bretbaier If you become President will be bought off/influenced by the military industrial complex?
Wouldn't it be fucked up if Steve Austin was lactose intolerant and they called him "Cold Stone" Steve Austin instead?
Check Out our Ultimate 1/2 Price Bottles of Wine and $4 Jeremiah Weed on Wednesdays!
Feel a lil better cnt wait to kick it wit sis tonite at dinner
Our publication dedicated to simple know-how marketing principles will be available as an e-book on July 19th.
Chad's first pick for the morning in the shower is "Time to Pretend." guess he needs a pep talk.
I'm so not going to get done what I need to get done tonight.
Is it because you're on Crying Baby Airlines, a Subsidiary of Bitchy Attendant Air?
Off to Lisa's for an afternoon of cleaning.
Hey im following both of y'all but no one DM'ed anyone....
I read about that on a website.. (its just a joke)
LOVED your musical piece this morning! It made my day and had me laughing on the way to work.
9:31am and I am OVER this day. How's your Wednesday?
#10FactsAboutMe 5) I surround myself with beautiful people. Not only the pretty or nice but the whole package. I decide what's beautiful.
We're not even together but I'm diggin him that much.. :-)
Love is a losing game
Bahahahahaha so true!
You, Sir, are on. Authors on twitter- great! Now if only I could get to respond to a couple of questions about his work.
oats, almonds, raisins, maple syrup, butter (earth balance), 350 for 12 min intervals until golden. can use other nuts or fruit.
Me too. And Saturday as well haha.
Haha MT : I'll be shaking hands w business people in front of a globe 2day if any stock photographers want 2 make some easy cash.
I'll be there by 9AM!
Darn it, I really meant 1 lot not 10. Maybe I shoud reduce the leverage to 10:1 ?
Ugh early day tomorrow and I was tired all day why can't I fall asleep...
man this stream sucks. freakin weather. i just want to see a clean last 5 minutes.
Cus your ah joke.
correct. It also means you're not a type A anal creep :) it means you're pretty cool. Well done!
Getting a new suit. No budget. Obviously need you.
Can we blame HABC for trying? maybe...
that's where the teen mom girl with the twin is from! haha Maybe she was there...
Why did you have to tell me that..
i want twitter s*x with u
My tape has sent. It's the first one I ever made. Hope you enjoy. Thanks:)
Always strive to get ahead but never infringe upon the rights of others.
Hey it was great to see you again.If you like Chai, we have a great Apple Spiced Chai too.See you soon
I WASTED MY MONEY YESTERDAY AND NOW I CAN'T BUY THE MAGAZINES THAT JUSTINS IN OMFG SHOOT ME.
I keep getting force closed errors on Friendcaster tablet beta. Any news on when a new build might be out or a release date?
that lil boy couldnt be baptized! the water boiled away before he could get put in it! mwahahaha!
Come visit man! RT : That's why you are loved Cubby, the door is always open. Hope you are keeping well?
RT : Tune in tomorrow at 8:30am 4 all the SAN DIEGO black Friday deals from on
Hey bros thanks for wondering if I survived last night. I did btw #freerides where can I find yall?
Ed named Coached Inc. Mag Ent of Year, "has developed an extensive rolodex of national & int'l resources to solve & accelerate businesses."
Im always looking for suggestions.
Facebook sucks cuz I have to deal with people I know smh
Happy #Easter everyone!
#MeFact I have an OBSESSION with Hello Kitty!:)-Kelly
I know right we are #TeamVIOLA. WE ROCK
I thought it was an intriguing hypothesis. ;)
Too many people see it as a business and want to cut corners with art and setup...
haha so true! I have to go so I will talk later ! tell your friends I miss them please C:
Oh yeah baby! BOB was outstanding.
God is interested not only in saving us, but also in helping us in our daily activities. What A God We Serve!
#fridayreads Sleeping Murder by Agatha Christie
You know who our hero is? - that's who.
thanks for the follow!
Hearts shooting out of my eyeballs for Once: The Musical. So glad this was my first-ever Broadway show; I'll never forget it.
Not classy. Lest ye forget the #1 rule of overindulgence: Hydration Is The Key! *face palm*
Homemade northstar Buddha bowl for dinner. M :)
we were planning on going to samurai but it was packed af ! wrong day to go to a reastaurantt
Parking ramps at #MOA really full, so is overflow. MOA suggesting light rail.
a delicious, magical animal
Guess I'm going to bed early ...
Thursday 26 August 2010 is Women's Equality Day: how will you observe it? How should anyone? www.FemaleEqualityMatters.com
Um...heck yeah!
thank you brother
I'm going to just enjoy this game 4the sake of #NBA & hope 2 teams I don't care 4 beat the shit out of each other! #GoWhoEver!! lol
I think I just juiced a guava? Is that what that was ?
Breakfast, knitting meditation and then um maybe go somewhere....
Wow, really wanna go to chruch but am very sleepy.
um, what kind of crappy bar is this? it's too bad I'm not there. i carry boom box with me everywhere i go.
granted, i don't know the context, but i can't say i'd entirely agree with that...
There is nothing more beautiful than a Welsh woman adorned with Welsh gold jewelery
Drive safe I hear there's #fugitive dust in the area!
If you have an oovoo,, keep trying to talk to this girl -> StephLovesYou97 GO! Bother heerr xD
i livee in AMERICA. You would lovee it so much its amazayn!!!!:)
Cracker Barrel: The Starbucks of the South? Discuss
LOL u guys know I'm kidding right?
thanks so much :) I'm so glad my music means something to u.
Double whammy, humor and satire! Happy birthday, #MarkTwain and #JonathanSwift!
ugghh nobody's coming this year!
I've always wanted a pet rat.
Another word that describes what I feel.. Pain.
Too bad garnett hit that three
If SC hadn't IBB Adams then Wingo's play is safe w/ no force at plate and game over..great gamble Coach Tanner!
I just arm wrestled a stranger and won.
Calling out all single people to come get your Valentines date at Toc Bar tonight...ladies free if u wear red..I'm looing for my Valentines.
Well last night was crazy
Super jealous!
your really pretty #justsayin :)
Sports is at its peak. #NHL playoffs, #NBA playoffs, #NFL draft, #MLB season. When is there time to rest?
What are we going to do today?
You're welcome. Who says there's nothing to do in ABQ? ;)
I love that her co-workers donated the time.
best album ever recorded.
yea i like the DROID 4..the screen is just too small
makrs me glad i live in portland, oregon. Out here, its so diverse we almost take it for granted sometimes.
This kid looks exactly like Oscar .... I can't get over it ....
Best game ever for a first baseman that went 0-8 with 5 k's!
Nice! Sounds like a perfect day. Have fun! :)
thank you so much!
awe thts so sweet!
Happy b day love
bored out of my mind
Cookies, Brownies, Cake pops, Carmel Corn, Cheesecake, Banana nut bread, Carmels & Peanut Butter Cups are just a few of our Yummy lineup!
And look how nicely our items fit! RT You haven't lived until you've seen negotiate a rental car
Stay With Me, Let's Just Breathe.
The best thing that happens after a day of frustration = a walk with my boys and cooking soup with George Michael dance tracks.
more birds in atlanta. just throwing it out there.
Do girls think its cute to walk like they have to take a shit or something? Idk man, makes me wanna open a bathroom for you..
Saw it. So awesome. RT : Totally RT : I am consumed by need to see Philip Seymour Hoffman in "Death of a Salesman."
#chid480f talking about 'acceptable' roles in culture, what about people who spend 'too much' time on their computers (MUDs)?
When some one takes your lyric posting literrally. SHUT. The fuck. up.
Vols hoops vs. Auburn - ESPN2 at 6 pm ET - Go Big Orange!
get your tail HEREISH
Boo there is a hippo in your ass!
Summer is here, it's time to start some real trouble.
I'm up n shxt, but I haven't moved an inch.
RT A member of the church passed away this morning. So sad :-( #RIP Lovetta. Enjoy Christ's loving embrace.
In the editing bay today.
NBA 3 Point Contest starts in minutes, dunk contest to follow. Drink specials during NBA festivities. Then we will be open til 2am.
I need to make sure checks these and we can discuss forming the Air Max Secret Society where all we ask is freshness
A strong woman wears the look of confidence on her face... but a woman of strength wears grace.
Seriously, this weekend was the best mini vacation I've had. <3 so fun and so relaxing :) its gonna be hard to top.
Is tweeting. So there.
ok sweet man
Looking forward to Friday! #HungerGames here I come
WAP women in Albany today advocating for the DVSJA Bill.
See you tonight at the Elks! 630 for FCXXI, dinner at 7, show at 8
Hmm, I'm gonna run this idea past the board! RT:Will and will make a wager on Sunday's Big Game
text me
At thd Smart CEO Volt Awards as finalists!
Terrible nose bleed; dry air up here; my bathroom looks like the Simpson crime scene. Ok....that was classless (yet hysterical).
Thanks for the follow! We love dogs + political junkies, which makes you just abou perfect!
Glad y'all had such a great time! Maybe y'all could wind down the evening in the Perch?
Hello Hello , Hello , Hello Let me get that info Show you what I mean
Anything men can do... Women can do better....ahhhhhaa
Miss Scarlet!
NYC is cool. Not as good as London though. Although stuffs cheaper.
Welcome to Kansas City! We are very excited to see you tonight!
I signed up its only 7 but 50 isn't bad
Trapped Again ... But Its Kool. Movie Night With My Cuzzos!! #TheAvengers :-)
“: nice. How'd do last night. I told him not to fuck it up.” Excellent
I go to bed good night everyone
No credit, no problem!
Top 5 Coming Soon.....( What I look for in a female). Someone asked, so I will share.
Just ran into a UW alum at the bar. I was wrong about spring break...looks like it will be a fun night.
"So alarm tones to those people who might think this is going to be used to bring people down by using alarm tones..."
that movie was Jesus!!
really!! Are you going all morning long?
WE should talk about it. know some folks who would help think it through, possibly make it happen. There are smart republicans!
babe.. I love you. Goodnight :) sweetdreams
Because she wore arm warmers, she was so warm after she swam through the shawarma swarm
or not stopping 3rd down ever. Sweet call on 4th and 2 there as well. Deep to a smurf - I am speechless. Hawks killing themselves
I hope the rock hall tells him they don't need his permission to induct anyone, including him
I'm gonna ask after practice if they are engaged. Lolol
Heart beats harder, time escapes me ~
A big thanks to for sponsoring our recent event in Tallahassee.
Tonight, an autumn plate: Flounder with cider braised delicata squash from #Sauvie Island Organics, parsnips and brown butter.
Happy mama day stay bless
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose? -Eliza Dushku
Watching Laughing Man at #lightboxdc. Get down here people! This art-fest in Anacostia is AWESOME.
SASSY EVENING BAG (SACK)
support the #coastguard cause
that's what I need... lol totally!
bandaids when stitches are needed
LetterThree provides customizable solution-based training for your coaches. Visit us online at letter-three.net.
Sports writing for leagues is about controlling the message. Now the media also wants to control the message -
“: Tampa taco bus :))))” I'm so jealous!!! That place is the best!
With entire team of 's US Programs for 1st all staff conf in 5 yrs. Proud to work with such a talented & dedicated group!
I'm here because of you... for you... #honestytime but now I'm questioning why.
lmao. Thats gon be chump change soon enough.. congrats on the job!!
how long are you in Houston for? This is more reserved for a text but I feel we have such an awesome twitter relationship
Oh! I forgot... Brewers
You may not like where you working but it's a job. Stay there till you can do better.
How could you walk down State St today and consider living anywhere else?
deal. rendezvous via '@' in the am.
Out of the $1,090. I made a hero call, got there on the turn, then he got there on the riv. Then shoved 14bb utg w 77 sb called w A10. GG me
lol! So true!!
Come to the Little Art Gallery from 2-6 today to see work from local artists Larry Favorite, Janet Harrell & Geoff Lloyd!
pssh I'll try gotta be at work at 10 and ain't been 2 sleep yet...lol
I hate when people make new friends and change completely..
Ravens Nation Stand Up!!!
thanks for playing my masterbation soundtrack. You go peter
I don't have the #newtwitter , but then again , I don't have a computer to actually get on the computer . Go figure .
Woop! officially excited
Nice! We have a Vallartas next door to our office... that can be dangerous! Enjoy!
about to start my work......
i MAY have just been lame enough to get a little choked up during the new Khloe & Lamar.....hm
Sweet! I would only need a copy if a Weight Watchers/weight loss commercial's there. Otherwise, I have what I need. Thanks!
is so great. We've got it all. The best part? Mainers are SO VERY NICE.
Planting ground covers,shrubs & lawns reduces heat reflected from the ground onto walls & windows for a cooler indoors & more energy savings
im like watching EVERYTHING. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
SAY IT WIT YA CHEST!
I keep forgetting that it's winter. Oh wait...
Just got an update that you can get a free travel kit of Azap Skincare! All you have to pay for is the $5 shipping and handling
so cute in a way to watch my newly single roomie leering at practically every female hooman we pass
the sex cannon is back!
‎40 famlies evacuted in Turner, mayor says. Town cut off by flooding. More evacuations underway.
Keep going You can do it! /cc
when you coming home? :c
Catching up on Tosh.0! Love this show!
What DID you do on your day off?! RT : my dear friend helped nurse me back to health!
Just made avacado pasta...not a good idea. If you see the link on Pinterest don't do it! #secondsupper ?
You earned a rare favorite/retweet for that one. Well done.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
18 to 9 ... so far :) Hernandez hits a grand slam in the 7th :) Lets go, Rockies!
My momma said fuck it niggah hit the streets and live.
the ghetto one? Lol
Who's gonna do it, you? You Lt. Weinberg? (last one from me .. This could go on for days)
the group can make a collective decision to elevate an individual to leadership. Thus leaders lead. This is called democracy.
Thanks Maggie for the tip.
Went to sleep last night, I heard the Lakers won, that's wsup
Really like so far. Nice to to be able to say where I'm going before checking in with
Monty Python & the Holy Grail @ Al Ringling Theater, Baraboo, Sat. p.m., Sun. matinee. Bring your own coconuts!
Just one bottle of vitaminwater provides a full day's supply of unnecessary and gullible. Also, electrolytes.
Waiting for to leave work.
the thing about the whatevs tweet I saw a while back and retweeted The baseball thing was just coming from a baseball player
Thanks for the insight...will def follow Evan
Skyped with someone for two hours last night! Still not the same, would rather see her in person
Gotta get my mojo back, my last shoot was in April. It's bout that time...
so much studying to do, yet it is so nice outside
your from west fucking omaha, not close to compton..
Shiller If you are moved by WallSt what should you do? Get into finance and FIX IT
Remember to wear your safety helmets kids. I am recovering from a nasty bike accident--concussion, stitches, contusion, ouch.
Is he related to Drew, starting pitcher for the Rockies?
Our pleasure! Hope you can attend our March 3 events!
Its crazy that I have to punish for something that happened 2 days ago because his father couldn't ...wtf
thanks markey its ok maybe next time :-)
OK the doggie video made me laugh. Can you please stop now?? I fear for your career and reputation.
Has that fuckin douche that Hannah bangs on Girls worn a shirt once?
as a dc resident which senator should I tweet for a #compromise ? Oh that's right, we don't have a senator.
I think I'm going with 1d because they are around my age... But the guy from the wanted with the white tee was cute
got a letter from the credit card company. New "penalty" APR is 30% (for balance & new purchases), if payment missed. Loan Shark?
I meant" to go back to NO ...." Mixing CD and typing tweets don't go together
Thought for the day: If the professional is not making money, then they are making no cents......
R.I.P Donna Summers...This so sad
After a 40+-year career, Greater Media/Boston Market Manager Tom Baker is retiring in the next few weeks. The industry'll miss you, Tom!
Kari Anderson, Miss Nevada International is at the office today prepping w/ to talk “Take a stand lend a hand” against bullying
as someone who is 2+ years older: it won't be fine: it will be awesome. this is the yr where it starts getting easier. really.
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!! 4
LOL. #mannfans RT : Just saw backstage at that a rabbit on his belt??
Yes lucky sob can't wait to see it
Even though we never win the actual quiz, our team name winning percentage is off the charts
thankyou for following me everyone !!!!
...I feel like everyone I follow from p-town...had a shitty night last night.
ain't that the truth.
actually really considering missing track tomorrow morning....
Welcome and I am now following!
Bad day turned good night turned shitty night.
Well if I can't watch #nationals, Yankees/Rangers isn't too bad.
Just got tipped big for smiling, didnt have to do one damn thing! hahaha
just did againn
Go to www.miracle16.com and check out the video on the site and comment!
Did you click the Request a Demo button? That's the quickest way to reserve. And where's the blog post abt us?
Triple Rondo!!!
GARMENT OF SHADOWS - Mary Russell (Laurie King) on Edelweiss!!!
Up bout to shower and see wut time wemake it to the theme park today. We forever late
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
u got to get up in 2 hours..
Feel like a fat BITCH who ain't ate all day gimme that Chicken extra spicy Wish I could go over my moms house her curry chicken be like LOVE
I don't judge.
Anytime! RT : I've been meaning to talk with you about that...
#HappyMothersDay to all of you amazing fabulous Moms! One of the toughest yet most rewarding jobs ever! Cheers to you!
Thx for mention
Great morning for the 14th & U farmers market! Can't wait to snack on my turtle bars from
thank you!
HD still doesn't make Wolf's rag arm look any better.
I like sleeping in class, it's fun.
where u at
THIS is how to end a somewhat crappy week. Great news in ALL CAPS!! RT : I HAVE FINISHED MY RECORD.
Super food at souper jenny's super secret food truck extravanganza!
Today sucks.
No worries!
Hey Coop.... I Love the relationship I see you having with your Mom. I LOVE my Mom!!!!!! Happy Super Special Moms Day!!!
I'll hit you on LinkedIn as soon as I get over my grief about Steve Jobs. I posted on Facebook about a moment of silence.
Fuck this game for real tho
jajjaja...so u r saying i should move to mexico? LOL
can you provide an example of how he has proved his competence?
We specialize in threshold residential deliveries up to White Glove installation. Call our sales department to learn more 312-997-2850
Now I crave Kielbasa and Spicy Shrimp Ramen Noodles... With ketchup!
join us tomorrow at we'll have dog gelato for the pups
i missed you today:)
: thx for the AM chat! I was a bit flat! It is the morning, after all LoL! Blessed Good Friday to you, my sister. You are pr ...
lol!!!..all I can think when I saw Silvy and the cake, was American Pie!!! Hahaha.... You're the best !!
Freedom Outreach Seattle's 1st Year B-Day!: Thanks for supporting us on our journey, and of course....---> Happy New-Year every one!
You guys are just being silly.
Thanks for the #FF shout out!
the countdown is on for 1/2way to st pats day bash we have a u2 tribute band booked!!!
I feel like one of the Billy Joe's should be playing QB in this game. (Tolliver, Hobert) Cade McNown is playing for KC today
"When a kid turns 1 years old, I believe we have the right to punch them in the throat or stomach." Long live Bernie Mac
Happy Easter from The Data Vault Hope everyone is having a Good Friday and great Easter weekend!
haha (: who were you with?
remind me....
I forgot to mention in-school book signings!! I'll talk abt it even though we're over time... it'll be in the transcript...
OMG YOU OK
Looking forward to this weekend, who's got plans?
is working on her digital history project!
": Strongly Approve: 24%. Strongly Disapprove: 41%. Approval Index: -17... Total Approval: 46%" BOTH thumbs UP
lol I am sure we can... Man I don't mind waking up in my own bed for atleast 1 week! Dammit!
hahahah rigght we mite wanna figure that out! And there 250. I say we go to the mall and sy we met through mutual friends!
crazy right?
Thank you so much for the overly generous gift. It was delicious. You are an amazing company that I will always recommend.
I was sleep-organizing last night
"Control yourself,or someone else will control YOU.."
Back at you from across the pond! RT :
dance off
Need a few ideas to plan your next great vacation? Paul preps for his next trip abroad at the Travel & Adventure Show, Sun (3/6/11) @ 6:30pm
": The #MCDM booth has been so popular that we're almost out of brochures! People want an #education in #digital!
Wait! Did you hear that? My bed, NKOTB blankie and tylonol are calling my name! Gotta run! They get mad if I don't come right away!
My love is like a star. <3
Sore as fuck from yesterday
Repubs running on tax breaks for the 1%=costly to their chances of winning. Running against contraception=priceless.
I keep dreaming you'll be with me and you'll never go. Stop breathing if I don't see you anymore.
“: !!!! “ Yo... I need you to pay off ABC and pick up #scandal we need 54 uninterrupted minutes of this show.””
...rather than "sorcerer's"...
... Robin Morgan wondered "if genuine feminism can be said to decline in direct proportion to the # of 'male feminists' around."
I would like if your dream came true in real life :)
ouch that hurt.
During an interview today, a cardinal crashed into the sliding glass door. I felt bad.
it's hot. I'm hot. We hot. It's sleek design w my sleek design will turn heads as we flash by.
can't get to the "design" section of my account settings. Just FYI :)
Got it! I'm tryna dowload now...
she is an ugly duck who is pretty as fuck . making sex lot doesn’t make her a slut
twits what it does?
You knw when u walk in a room and forget y u went in there? Thas God playin sims, he just canceled yo action.
Rich can i still use that credit? I need something done ASAP. Shoot me a call
thanks for the RT!
I got smart fast, I just stopped listening to the words that come out of your mouth
As soon as this download completes I will be the proud owner of Adobe Creative Suite 5.5. Cheers to THAT
Thanks for a great conference. Got some really useful insights!
": It's been a long time coming....a long time coming!!! (In voice)" Rap Game Money now!
Fully agree. Demeaning both to the subject and the object in a gratuitiously trivial way
: #STL is St. Loius. Anyone living there knows that.
Hoping to get a dog after the move. What are your favorite bigger (over 50lbs) breeds & why?!
so what do you think will be the hot topic tonight? LOL
: I hope to join #WHYiGIVE. What an awesome idea!
Will u plz do another cover on YouTube? You're voice is just pure perfection, I'd love to hear more of it. Love u always💗
bakin' butterbeer cupcakes for the deathly hallows midnight showing tomorrow night!
Sick in the Poconos w my boo (also sick) post #toughmudder playin charades!
she dat hard body female that im glad i got to kno
no it doesn't.
Its about the Arab Spring. Its part of an essay contest OSU is doing with a local UN org and the local Islamic center.
Teen births hit new low as pregnancy prevention programs pay off
I think should switch marketing strategies for #cis2011 to feature a 3 round fight of wit with and
Movie flaw: in Wedding Crashers, Owen Wilson and V. Vaughn are big time D.C. lawyers yet no one recognizes them at the huge D.C wedding?
Craigslist is awesome. $40 solid wood dresser, yay!
oh yeah, my bulls out but okc is looking real good for the west tho, can't sleep on the spurs either
See #uppers Daycare is communistic!! Breast-feeding is horrible. And, school breakfast marks the end of humanity.
will not be out again this weekend, I have not gotten a day off work since Easter Sunday! lol
Is this worth it
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want. ~Lao Tzu
Ive got 20 ticks 4 Cavs vs Pistons donating to CLE boys club, also doing a raffle for a Jersey, can or help make it special?
Confidence is the feeling you sometimes have before you fully understand the situation
you bring the bottle, we'll bring the PYTs
Identity Theft Reported By Households.....8.6 MILLION HOUSEHOLDS AND GROWING! This is from my personal experience and I was thinking "This …
Who would you rather face. Boston or Atlanta?
We are the SAME DAY Delivery Solution for all Businesses!!! www.lonestardeliveryonline.com 877-527-5737
what time???
It will b interesting2c O Neill w/a full squad. One of the best defensive minds in the game. Hardly ever out of a game.
Good Luck Tomorrow Beat the Cards!!!
I recognize that by drinking I am mistreating my depression. However, I'm pretty sure mental health disorder abuse is legal.
absolutely. Lost track tonight! Way to be a tweeting champion...as always.
The LHC has been making collisions, which means the universe must have been destroyed, which means we're in the Matrix. (via )
If I live next to an abandoned house, #hellyeah we're exploring throught it.
Getting ready for 5 hours of chinese this summer by watching Garena LoL matches from taiwan
I wish you speedy healing. And lots of get well snail mail & prezzies.
yeah I'm gonna hit u up. Lil sis
Watching The Muppets on blu ray. The Muppets is a funny ass film.
To give someone a piece of your heart is worth more than all the wealth in the world.
Who's up for #1k1hr in 30 minutes?
A society of sheep must in time beget a government of wolves. - Bertrand de Jouvenel
RT : NEW SUMMER SINGLE!!! (*Roll Call*) - Ft. & #TheMovement by:Zig Zag via
That is what I generally think.
kandizone.com...check it out!! :)
If there was ever a moment for to say #awksaucepants, this is it.
Thanks for asking! We're really starting to push for donations now. We hope to see donations pick up soon!
He can't just stop loving you. He either does, or never had
Thanks girl!
For sure! Where do I get tix? Go #TeamUSA!
wine country this morning- mosquitoes, baseball and humidity this afternoon...home sweet home.
Thank you Marilyn. We heartily agree. So much to learn about the battles and contributions of the USCT soldiers.
. congrats on reaching 100K followers !!! 1Million next!!! C:
that's awesome.
"You have no choice but to like me" --
Sorry, I stand corrected. There are indeed many much more important issues. Silvio Berlusconi?
blissfully at home
Bruh he keep askin. I'm trying to be polite and not block. Let Yaya be great lmao
What up to my crew: , #ChildishGambino/ is our guest this week!
_-|!_. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
What do you call an alien starship that drips water? A crying saucer!
Don't fuck wit my iPhone shit gets real..lol
Ok ok !! Now I am watching #swamppeople lol
I share your obsession, and I only started Pinning this week
I want another fish !
Bible study was off the chain. If u need the notes, let me know :)
. I cannot stand T-Mac, Wheels and Sarge toting the company line. The announcers should be like fans, not bureaucrats
aw thank you ! x
Yeah! Your telling me! I don't understand them at all.I have no LIFE! it's making me crazy!
Still in need of best practices/examples of declaring how you're going to treat survey data (this isn't going thru an IRB, hence need help)
last night i had a dream that all of sbs was pregnant. :o
lol. I'm sorry it really bothers me
Come on out
“: favortie drake line right there. #props.”same
Thursday is mah birthday! >:) finally gonna be 16
she took it too far when she called your daughter what she did
I'm mad Chris T. N nem playin around nshit outside McDonald's
I'm almost to 1600 followers. It's the SATs all over again!
RMFT : I never thought I'd be the one breaking down
not If you're Jesus.
Instead of getting bigger & more unhealthy over the holidays, get in amazing shape &look GREAT at your holiday parties! Need help, just ask!
When you were young Scared of the night Waiting for love to come along And make it right
PUMPED UP KICKS.
I'm watching #droz at the gym hah!
Inteview in 10 min. God if it is ur will lemme get this job and make bank
Friday, April 30th, Budget & Finance Meeting at City Hall. 1-5pm. Need library supporters there.
Im bout to DDT my desk in the last class of the semester.
is on a sugar high.
Thank u Chicago for being such an awesome host. Can't wait until next time. Much love and respect.
great seminar yesterday by ! engaging speaker, great ideas for how to help out in the community.
Music legends Wiz Khalifa and Snoop Dogg in DC tomorrow night at 9:30 club
My life is not based on Money but on how much I helped others!
Tolerance implies no lack of commitment to one's own beliefs. Rather it condemns the oppression or persecution of others. -John F. Kennedy
If a man does not know what port he is steering for, no wind is favorable to him. ~Seneca
ahaha, finally got my #69th follower! :D
I think 'Epic' is the perfect song to drown out the very high level of newsroom noise.
money ova bitkhes um yellin it2da grave developed at a young age go after wat pays
I WANTS ONE TO ( :
I didn't know that Theo Cosby was a locomotive engineer.
“: YALL READY FOR US TOMORROW!!!?” seriously why am I not there
I hope you got a Crif Dog after!!
*Hugs You*
All over... Paris, Rome, Florence, Milan, Venice, Amsterdam... for now. I've got to get to Jamaica! That's a sweet deal.
I take you with me in my ilusion and I give you my love forever
Treasure Box delivery tomorrow - 120 food boxes will go 2 families of troops in SD - hoo rah! Freelance reporters, are you available?
We are heading back down to Wilson, NC to continue working on our full length record on Monday! Can't wait for you guys to hear it! <3
class. work. Squirrel Hill with Greg for a while. some well deserved fun and relaxation
Fried green beans, pretty awesome at hamburger Mary's in bay view.. Sauce was more ranch like than horseradish fried pickles .. Pretty dease
You have to leave some people behind and go where success takes you
Finally seen The Notebook for the first time last night ...BEST movie ever! :')
Reminder: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features EYES.
Stressful day but my grandson did awesome @ TBall. I'm so proud of him.
sallie came up with a new drink. It's called #TheBitch. There will be one waiting for both of you when you get home.
not gonna lie -- it could get u-g-l-y
Beef chow fun isn't as fun once you've eaten all the beef. And by YOU, I obviously mean not me.
cannot believe ooh fire island is opening up in 2 weeks hell ocean beach
Discrimination has ended in the US Armed Forces. Thanks to all the Senators who voted in favor of repealing #DADT!
We all know that and are going to bring home something orange after the kca's :)
Awake :o
PokerStars Seven Times the Traffic of Nearest Competitor
ATTENTION!!! IF U R A SHAKEITUP FAN U NEED TO FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!! I WILL FOLLOW BACK PROMISE!!:)
Omg I felt the same way. I was sobbing. RT : agree Ashley. I was there and it feels DEEPer to me now than even then.
Anyone going to the Derby party at The Mission today?
Love gives light even in the darkest tunnel.
#TheArtist is incredible.I haven't read this, but isn't it partly about how talkies made foreign stars obsolete because they had an accent?
Watch parts of Sally Perkins performance in a documentary, Transformation: Old Building New Life, 9 p.m. WFYI 1, Learn more www.wfyi.org
If you have a tournament or league schedule you want added to our site, email it to staci (at) thebowlingframe.com.
Must tweet a trending topic in attempt to gain relavence. Let's see. Nothing #isfun , #onthelastdayofschool I'm going to.... OH WAIT. ;)
Yea I seeing those pix from last night and I'm so jealous I miss my Denver bitches
I'm from OK. We're bred to hate all things south of the Red River. Am a Lakers fan, though. Pro sports in OK seems wrong.
It's good wbu
So you doing anything special on your Friday off??
most definatably(???) :D
ooh nothing special, watching movies, jerkin off you know, the usual lol your home yet?
And so, Lord, where do I put my hope? My only hope is in you. Psalm 39:7
Thank you so much Bro!
Tyrn to put on a show for your friends
Q2 Or just treat them like I would want to be treated.
He missed the kick. Vikings win...nothing wrong with a little good luck now and then.
and not even to a contender. I feel bad for him
#UMass season high is 97 against Central CT and they just tied it with 2:20 to go in OT. 97-94 in double ot
what you over thier thinking rose ready for some granger action lmao
I love the #Flyers! Always have. There's always been those teams that I've liked; Flyers, Leafs, Bruins
You should give our site a try!
oh really thats how you feel???
Watching Tiger and putting Andy North on Sports Center for ESPN.
it's only wednesday? ugh.
Aw, being old might suck.
you on tour?
Anyone want my football cleats? they give me blisters :'''(
so why would you do it. I like your music so I need you around to make more
Corporate greed has run amok. Our politicians are bought & paid for and our democracy is irrevocably broken.
Made it back in one piece from Yosemite. Blog post to follow soon!
that was my bet too!! I think we may have lost though, looks like he fell behind early on... I suck at betting lol
Took some nyquil and now Im falling into a deep deep coma like sleep! Goodnight everyone!
lucky bastard
There's a fine line between arrogance & stupidity
Just updated a website, then seriously broke it, then fixed it again. Half hour of sweat time there.
I love my Xavier boys....... But come on guys really...
Great presentation for Big Brothers Big Sisters in San Diego at #SLA2012 #SLA12. Huge group here. Find a way to get involved and give.back
i work for seattle city light..pretty chill place. Itll be up bright and early tomorrow as long as sb doesnt freak out again
#DailyRebellion: Be noticed.
no we agreed to let the creative minds think 😒 lol
Making the final touches..the main structure of the site is live though! Check it out! GRE3NMNKY.com !!!
omg i go back to skool august 23
[Answr] Kass-Hout: collecting open data can help spread the information to the citizens through technology
Marlins handling business!
I absolutely love sleeping with my windows open !
WHO LIVES IN NEW JERSEY AND IS HOT AS CAN BE????? VIN-CENT CAS-TRO-NO-VO!!!!! lawl wuuuut??
i want in! On the dopest project i done heard about in a loong minute. Bruh.... Nickle bag in the park stuff... i want in!
so over the 11-8 shift
man if i hit the lotto just one time...
Yeah Baby!
Thanks for your congratulations of three days ago. It seems like ages in Twitter Time.
I've never met one who's topped 4 years at one place, and most in the 1-3 year range. Best way to get a solid raise :)
Soutout to my Homey JRich with his 4 unit winning pick on Kent State -2. The Coalition Lives. Remember 8/23/11!!!
An email from Express: "Get $25 off -- Gifts for Mom!" I don't even want to know what 60-something woman might find in Express...
Just one more hour....
hi babbyy how are you today miss you babe ;)
Seth how about some love for the Hoyas
RT "FF " omg - i am so honored i got my very own #FF mention!!!!
Nothing like #AltText Problems to start a Monday. #ItsThereWhyCantISeeIt??
Thats so cool I didnt know that! Either that or I have short term memory loss Lol! :D That video is gonna be amazing though
Sam Jackson would be perfect. Maybe Kanye if he decides to move from rapping to acting.
Were you able to login in and post? If so, how?
Keep The Paper Coming Boii..Mr.Money Maker How u Gonna Stop mY Cash Flow,#L,V,M
Rain in the valley is snow on the mountain
didn't even know...
Men if a woman does not have custody of her children, do your homework, find out why. RED FLAG, You may soon be her next victim of her abuse
So tired. Last midterm of the semester tomorrow!! Just gotta power through
Amazing story!! Do any of you know someone Autistic who benefited from a #glutenfree diet?
what to eat for late lunch????
I have come to the conclusion that everyone at my school is a vagina.
happy birthday!! Hope you have a great day and are doing well! Take care! :-D
LOL C'mere and let me ride you!
lol u tryna get some pita pit, huh?
Most people don't like their attitudes and egos.
you're a fucking low friend you know that, you're fake as a three dollar bill.
Skylar, Phillip and Colton were all great - Joshua was as well. The Top 5 is going to be really good this year on
Alrite Damn Chill One Simple Mistake Makes the Whole World Mad!
For all of u Canes fans 2010 UM mixtape debuts Oct 9 stadium
Had three people (so far) in the office say it can't be me, I'm wearing a skirt. My mother also doesn't believe me. Ha!
Open at 11 for lunch! Burgers by Flaming Patties.
Well...this just slapped me in the face! (as i'm chewing on Easter candy!)
I'd try talking to folks then, they might be able to help further.
Bosh doesn't come back this team will not win a title. Win or lose this game.
love you so much
Iv neva been to a graduation wea someone talkd like 45 min straight
It takes 10 min to change a mood/obsessive train of thought. The challenge is finding 1 thing that can hold my attention for 10 minutes
Whoa what's up with Facebook?????
Getting ready for an epic day today, first on my way to st. Patrick's day parade 🍻then heading to NYC for DJ Victor Calderone's 🎂 party🍻
How to Handle the AdWords Ad Rotation Changes
Field supporting the Denver Broncos!!! GO BRONCOS!
I bet you were an awesome prof!!
The Adjustment Bureau is pretty mind blowing
planning a fashion show on satug13th..Columbus Commons!! Dj's,food&drinks and models in cool clothes!! what more do you need???
and he's the highest paid player in the league. Lol
siblings arent all that great.
Many games are rigged against you...play your own game...
Callahan came to play baby!!!!!
Movin' on up!
:D good to know. I'll make sure that the stickiness remains within your thigh region.
I'm thinking we def need another dinner date
did I just see u near at&t or was that your twin?
Ugghggh School Tom With -__- Is Mr. Caputo There Tom ?
Playing till my fingers go numb!!!
exactly. it tasted so sweet. M... the sweet taste of shame.
There will now be 10 minutes between each task, rather than 5.
Huge wins by the #Predators and #Grizzlies last night to get back into series's!!!
I'm so nervous about this test I could vom
Damn, that's nasty
I hate newmoon and twilight btw
Just chillin just cuz I can!!
It's a roller coaster my friend. Life is good. And you?
Homeboy, you’re gonna wish one day, That you were sittin’ on a gate of a truck by the lake
Thank God My Family In Japan Are Okay. Please Be Happy For Who & What You Have. #PrayForJapan. <3
Hairstyles Nicole Scherzinger
Tweeting in bed. A first, my lady is snoring. Also good she doesn't tweet or read tweets.
#RonPaul "I call it WASTE" "Watch out for the MILITARY COMPLEX" "SPEND LESS MONEY" I'm cheering at home :D
Jealous that you got to go to Harbin in winter. I had wanted to go there while living in China, but didn't have the opportunity.
Guys!! We need to tweet to to let have his take!! Power to the masses! Come on!
Countdown until showtime! We're excited to see so many people planning to come out! THANK YOU!!
Well, thank you!
i mean, seriously. right?
Smart asses! ;)
Do you know Molly Sullivan she is from Vegas .Now the 76ers sideline reporter.
Love tweeting and sharing with friends on twitter. :)
Al natural...
Favorite text from me to : "Slash saw a ginger and fell in love." I really am going to have interesting looking kids.
The 49ers and the Saints play today!!!!!!
haha ok ill keep it on the down low haha!!! No worries! But serioisly you guys made me want to start dancing again!
Today has to be the crapiest day ever
***waits patiently for 49 cat lovers to find her page so she can celebrate!***
Got my license on my first try !
. you should surround "work" with quotation marks.
7 pm tourney has started and I am still alive in the other one.
follow back, please? :)
nude lewd &rude.
My kingdom for a term paper that doesn't begin with a page-long description, in general terms, of how the Internet has changed society.
All my friends grew up in pittsburgh so yeah they think I have an accent?! Whateves! Heehee
Today, was kinda boring day. Still bored. ;(
Eating carrots :3
love him !! Miss you
#dsoc wants to bring CES vendors to SLA conference, to broaden our infoexpo
remember that one time we were friends and u used to talk to me?! I sure do miss those days...
How exciting, I have the auction tivoed and will be watching it tonight!
Like a VARIANT of palbatross? Sympalbatross?
My job is so fun and cool!
Nice! Hope you're enjoying #Singapore !
We are looking forward to it too, Kate! Do you have anything special planned for your visit?
you still got the link to the Carson kids Youtube I sent you?
TPI to Host Third Quarter of Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call on Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 9:00 a.m. ET
i dont mind
How can we pick just one when so many were great?!?
I agree! I'll be legit sad if they don't perform it though. Regardless of their upcoming new songs, they just HAVE to sing it.
please dr.drew share
I hope not, it will be tested on her stuff first
Don't be a drag, just be a queen
ikr! I can't take the suspense! It's not good for my health! lol
two to too, they're their there. srsly dood. you make your living with words.
ok we want to see u tonight we goin in !!!!!
Fill in the blank. It takes me _________ cups of coffee to get going in the morning.
Hey walking dead writers, you guys are bad, and you should feel bad.
hah! Real word but is the brain trust who thought of the name.
TONIGHT! At 730pm CST #SugerRush will be released at Facebook.com/goodluckjane !
Just finished watching the last episode of #Greek. I no longer have a reason to live.
