2 more days of classes. Blecch.
Is It Possible To Lie Without Saying A Word?
Jalapeño makes everything better.
"A smile costs you nothing but the returns are huge" 8-)
Al-Jazeera's interviewing the Institute’s Dr. Joseph Sciorra about bocce in NYC.
can we see a pict of u in a suit?!
Back in LA today.....
Once you've settled those bets with your friends, make sure the loser knows he's OBLIGATED to buy the first $9 bucket of domestics on Sun.
I hate MATLAB, it makes me very, very, very angry
Utah bound in the morning. What did I forget to pack?
thank you so much :)
Is this a paying job? RT : What’s an important question to consider before writing a single word of copy?
Next Friday, I'll be on a flight to New York. Cannot wait.
Watching The Color Purple
Wow! is amazing! I'm loving her music!
Yay @ my ringtone. Okay I'll sleep now haha
I must be one of the only ones that cant wait for school to end. I love my maria girls but im ready to move on
GOAL! Score now tied up at
Letting my friend wear my Austin MAHONE shirt, she said she feels super special, she should feel special :) <3
But watchuuuu mean G
Well guess ill gone lay it down, gotta get up and read that book! iGotta do better, only have 3 weeks left of school!
I'm way too exhausted to play hockey tonight, but I'll try to get through - I'll just pretend I'm Dustin Penner & halfass my way through it.
Lawson is obvious answer – just curious. I wish I could make a case for Jrue.
Still on my worldwide tour. Russia & Japan your next, then comes Melbourne & Queensland!
Shout outs to
is getting excited about Twitter!
New World Order: La. has great golfers? Neaux way! But it&#39;s true
The cleanest liquid for electronic cigarettes. Like us on facebook for your free samples www.facebook.com/pages/Nicapure/187417451324712
Just got a phat A on my anthropology project
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident on the frontage road at Northbound I-35 & Stassney
Full house plus overflow at Interface for the powershell user group with Don Jones - thanks for a great response!
tweeted me. Life's complete. I can't wait to finally be in Richmond to see him. AH!
The temperature drop has us in shock! What are you in the mood for: Tomato Bisque? Midwest Corn Chowder? Minestrone? Enjoy today
No problem. Hopefully this means that I get free lessons when I'm wearing my patches!
I find it humorous he spent more time defending his inaction than it would have taken to merge the commit.
THanks for the RT!
": Devin Ebanks does know he's Devin Ebanks, right? Why's he acting like Andrew Bynum?" You outtaline for that one Mr.Rome
RT : Wisdom from -- 90% perfect and shared with the world always changes more lives than 100% perfect and stuck in...
welcome back, can't wait for Dexter
- Absolutley. Tons of potential, just wait. Mr. Harris is back and enjoying working with the #teenwolf cast.
:( guess that this isn't going to work. But if it doesn't happen naturally it wasn't meant to be.
love it!
Every Time I Lose 1 I Bounce With 2!
Feelin reunited and 4 those who don't like it can suck a d*ck
Works on macs, too.
So excited to taste some CA wines at on Saturday with
Pink bats are ridiculous. Looks like grown men got ahold of their daughters Barbie bat.
DM me more info my nig. We might just swing thru!
RT OoooOOooohlala it's the first day of summer! Yay!
my hero! thanks for subscribing :)
is excited to kick off our new partnership in 2011!
my Mighty Mouse LCSH proposal was accepted - woot!
hell yes ! lol I should be there in like 20 minutes
come on harvard
where are you guys coming from?
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
Didn't you decide when you opened the file? You can shut it off in General prefs: "Restore windows" near the bottom.
Hi Miel, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
is changing this statistic: Only 1% of entrepreneurs who received venture capital in 2010 were African-American.
Felt the earth move! All art safe, Museum staff slightly perturbed, Emory life still moving along even with
How do bankruptcy lawyers expect to be paid?
I can imagine historian Jim Loewen would be mighty surprised to find himself quoted on Zimmerman's website.
Canceled a date for tonight because I had a dream the guy turned out to be a serial killer
When something feels right & worth having in your life, the choice is clear: be relentless in the pursuit....
Thanks, and great idea! How does the 26th or 29th look for you?
We provide Internet Research Assistance! Call us at 1-866-694-8528 or email us at !
U did the dam thang at The Palace in Baton Rouge just wished u could have performed longer
Are you feeding dialogue for Bobby to say next season?
that cause you got it like that :)
Nabi: We're supposed to present a united front to have an impact on the BOV. Don't be offended if we don't pass this.
you kinda put me in the mind of "Raj".
When your #backyard is tiny it might do with a few tangible gardening
Stop into The Belmont today for some delicious and refreshing cocktails - I suggest The Belmont Cooler =)
Friday flashback jam: Miranda Sex Garden - "Gush Forth My Tears"
sure is quiet today! Hope she's smiling and having a great birthday!
Tomorrow night, is gonna get crazy! Ask somebody to come out with u and be ready for an encounter! W/Special guest -
OMG! I have never laughed this much at a damn movie lolz!!! Dinner for schmucks is hilarious!
Going today to get the kids pictures done today.
My car idk how to send a picture of it on here on my iphone
me too.
watching music soul child? I woulda died!!!!
Those top 10's are easy and quick to learn something new. Sorry to hear about the lack of donations, still love doing PR?
omg 2x4 candles?
Yes. That.
. is looking for a rad animator/motion designer in #pdx - get in touch w/them for details!
ur awesome! we needa talk sometime. im gonna message u my #
She Makes Me Happy, I Know Where I'll Be Right By Your Side Cause She Is The One ;)
Alas, the city has returned to work after its holiday break, and the days of empty trains are behind us.
Craving pizza like a fatass -____-
Ruh-roh! Looks like rain today & my whole plan depended on being able to walk around.
AND I FORGOT NICK JONAS WAS IN THIS EPISODE OF SMASH!! And Bernadette Peters!! Gahhh I love life.
This morning is consisting of coffee with whipped cream, writing goals and brainstorming.
My chapstick rolled under my car and Ryan Gosling retrieved it so I wouldn't have to get my jeans dirty.
Here's to living more and stressing less.
#nowplaying Nicole Mitchell - Awakening (on Delmark)... what a great record!
Is there cake for that #obscureholidaycelebration?
Let's get a meme going - #mycarissounreliable I only put in 5 gals of gas at a time
I am a corporate and association sales manager at a conference center.
Back from a long but great day in Pompeii with #DePauw Winter Term group. Really a great group of students to travel with.
RT : "The number of users of Khan Academy is 6 times as many students as Harvard has graduated since 1636!" Sal Khan at
"what I feel I don't even gotta write it. it's like poison in my body & there's now way to deny that my heart is a time bomb."
Super annoying indeed !
It's funny guys have to brag about what they get instead of just being!
Rare & Unreleased Recordings From the Golden Reign of the Queen of Soul is amazing. Buying it was the best thing I did for myself this week
Catching up on "The Pacific"
This century next week (:
luve you need to hit me up bout pimping out your boys page
This perfect good comes to us now easily, effortlessly, peacefully and prosperously, under God's love and grace.
I agree!
Condoms and birth control?
something about some damn valves or something some bullshit
Kinda tired today ...
so only those that can afford it have the right to higher education!?!
Sounds like a great idea lol RT : ' Just wanna cuddle and watch a movie tonight ..
Great game last night! Did you make anything special? We couldn't keep the Southwestern Chili Dip stocked!
that's what I thought?
MT : will prob never agree with Palin or conservative women. But we can disagree w/o using misogyny/sexism.
that was the best mango cheesecake yet. Mango bars? Hm? Let me think about it.
we can handle that - what night will you be?
you have people seanding you to follow them So what is the whole point you see my asking you to follow me if you do Plz follow
aww baby don't be like that. You know you are great at sex. Very limber ya know ;)
LOVELY HAIR LLC now go LIKE that on facebook
": well hello there!! Ha!!" Well Howdy !
Why is up tweeting at this hour?? LOL
Thank You Modi for the shout out!. " )
SOURCE on Monday! 5:00 - 6:30. Only two more this year!!!!!
Finally found y'all on #Twitter, let the creeping begin! But seriously, when are you guys coming back to #SF?
I didn't say it was bad I was just saying that there's definitely a cape on the red carpet.
January Newsletters have been emailed out...check out the info on our Company Showcase on January 21st at 1pm!
this one is solid , currently is keeping it current
Monday. Rain. School.
Wouldn't it be cool if we were able to reach 300 followers by the end of the week? Why yes, yes it would! PLS RT!!
Such a busy little day!! New Silverflower Jewelry Designs, Ttereve, and Infamous Items!!
cool photo, like the license plate!
Thanks, appreciate it!
for real!!
“: Welcome to Twitter !” welcome indeed!
icant stop laughing bout that
yeah I was saying how cute you look, is that talkin' shit? Lmlll .
Spring training starts today. Back to coaching. 🏈🏈🏈🏈
As ya should!RT : Il take a pretty face any day!!!!!!!
Lol it's cause everyone quitting! You should quit too! :) Join us in our plan to screw 54 over! But I miss you like crazy :(
Hi GMonay, following back, thank you. My tweets are very random. :-) ": Now following and Im already intrigued!
guess what?? I voted ;)
Getting salt everywhere
Be grateful for what you have, don't be greedy and show your love for everyone to see, love yourself - Jessica Garrett
Yep, two buddies sold their season tickets to tend bigger obligations.
Whats some god cali malaysian songs.?:)
it's mary have fun in italy!
you know you're a dork when you get excited about switching from pepsi to coke products at work......
U could never spell
Cooking channel : wonderful recipes for fun and easy meals. alton brown
Can't believe said he would bang the 75 yr old woman on the gov video, as long as she took off her glasses
Trainers, create a fun, positive & empowering culture in your gym. Be the driving force behind this "on purpose" everyday! -Zach Marcy
Even the water taste batter in MONTANA
Some people will never understand the connection between a human and a dog.
And the storms come again. Guess its time to get under the covers and find a good movie to watch.
Can't drive & try to reenact the harvard baseball team while listening to call me maybe
haha. So Ive seen that Kowalski yelled at you earlier.... :S
the pizza guy is always a total dick when you ask him to put some stank on it
Uh. Did I ask you? It's funny to me cause I actually have a husky.
Still wanting tacos.
hahaha lol happy early b-day to u!!!<3
#corruption it's still called corruption here in IL only ones who don't recognize it are the elected
Im so obsessed with a.k.a Nsn and =)♥
“: #FF my buddy - awesome #vegan, #vegan testimonials team member and cool dude!” Thx. I'm humbled and honored
I MISS MY BESTFRIEND! Chase! I am dragging your butt down to the party so you better watch out!(: Haha JAYKAY! Love ya bud!(like a brother!)
Thats a great question. It'll be fun to watch if it comes to fruition
#happyNewYear hope it brings some great times for everyone!
SMH at the NBA with these Tacky Ass Eastbay Jerseys!!! SMH
RT you treat us like royalty! #SundayFundayBrunch :)
#Louisville bound for a fun weekend at
where u at man?
"factious", as "schismatic", "divisive"; someone who turns the body of Christ against itself. titus 3:10
Ppl mad cuz I post wat I feel, and wat u gonna do
i love the classic movies, the cheesy quotes, the classic books, all them that have old sayings
Watching handfuls of fans leaving PETCO Park after a Padres win. Handfuls.
House full of sick throwin up kids!
better yet a grilled cheese baconator 10 pieces to be exact
I'll talk to Nathan. :)
I'm the author of the novel April Curran Meets the Vampire of Crimson Cove High School.
i love dead baby jokes
Josh freakin Hamilton!!
interesting campaign tactic. Tip on foursquare at Marc station said "elect bob erlich as gov if u want to straighten out Marc"
Yes! This is great.
Goin to see Laura Bell Bundy tonight at The Riverfront stage:))
#itshardwhen it's purple not pink anymore (doesn't everyone know that?!?) ;)
Jets, it might be bad to give Sanchez an extension w/ a raise if the first thought seeing the headline is, "Oh good they gave him a pay cut"
Love that expedia's hold music is cold play.
There's some rude ass customers today. Bitch keep it cute.
wait what? That sounds kinda cool
It's going to be interesting to see Romney trying to tap dance back to the center for the general. He's staked out some extreme views.
Interested in being PR director or secretary? We will be having elections 2/21 after the meeting. E-mail
Thanks for the
well I love that you tweet me! How could I not want to reply?! You're just so lovely!
The Okay Escape
Jus got my new shoes in the mail today (•ˆ⌣ˆ​​​​•) I swear in the past 4 months I've ordered about 10 pairs of shoes...I ♥ Shoes!!!
"Adam named his wife Eve, because she would become the mother of all the living." --Genesis 3:20 (NIV)
Cheryl Metoyer tells me about the various iSchool research topics including: Indigenous tribal communities in the US, (1/2)
Wake me up when they come out with a new season of family guy.
Sounds perfect!! Cannot wait :)
Great to see you there! It was a great event, and a fantastic response. Will be better for the Wine Fest! Be there!
I want some! I'll be your Seattle ambassador.
Kathy says in advanced legal writing, you also can't assume they know anything.
Got some Snickers, KitKats, & Reeses cups.! My life is complete. >>>>
Lemonade is always extremely delicious when you're burning up. Witchcraft, I tell you!
rapp videos... butts
FWIW, my Streak 4 Cash is on the Bullies.
Listen to old jazz and swing music to get the garbage out of my ears Rehab day 1
next time I need tailoring work ima go to #AaronRodgers. Kid must be a pro the way he's threading all those needles
Giants all the way!
Hehe. Yeah. My parents. xD And what song? :P
Glad you like the monument pic; the article about its history is interesting too. Great work with SaveOurFutures!
I'm still laughing at the design and color scheme. Signs are usually similar (only so many combos) but his...well...
thanks for the retweet.
“: You know your coaches got swag when they say yolo... #UDhoops”
Nothing would make me happier than an algorithm for journalism. We could turn our attention to acting on it.
HEADach so....Stop TALKING to me (df)
Crunch it shake it munch it.
A good tree cannot produce bad fruit! Be sure you aren't lookin thru a warped plank in your own eye as you view the Harvest! Love is a Fruit
I have something exciting to tweet about...wait for it........
no no, its fine. I will just have to come up with original content and stop leaching off the greatness of others!
just showed some folks from another U our digital media lab on campus. Think they may have been even more impressed by the view of the lake!
Don't let these fancy clothes fool yah , cause I shine like jacob the jeweler ..
woo rondo!!!
#smbmad #ford If you have questions for post w/ hashtag We can make sure they get answered or try...
wat to do today not sure
First batch- 5/10 Presidential candidates including today Hollande & Le Pen (20h35 local)
every one liner out of his mouth was perfect
Wonder if Big Syl and Swin Cash play today. : Preseason game 3 for the let's get this DUB ladies. BALL OUT!
All our #dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Beware of the man to whom you have done a good turn.
Dinner at Blossom So good.
I was gonna make greek yogurt pancakes, does that sound disgusting?
I hope you get hit by an ice cream truck.
when are you coming back, BTW? Give a call!
Here we go with the common sense again. Gotta love him! RT ...to serve customers brilliantly, FIRST serve employees brilliantly.
watching a horrible movie...too bored to turn it off.
be on the lookout...make sure no one takes my seat this time.
And if I always try to make you happy but you never do anything for me.. guess what? Suck. my. dick. too.
this computer smells weird.. it just has odd fumes. idk.
Amateur ref.
Check out @ the Wedding Planning Event, Sunday, Jan 17th, 1-5pm @ the Driskill Hotel!
Were the Tech Innovator Awardees been announced yet?
Great season UK. Kentucky Basketball taking the number one spot.
Thank you!!!
Now THAT's a party I'd HATE 2 clean up after... LBVS
What I fucking thought.
to each their own I guess. I need a stability show so the barefoot trend doesn't work for me.
The drugstore across from the studio knows that it needs to have plenty of toe tape in stock at all times.
..haha i thought it was funny..
“: i thought you were a robot that googles tweets then posts them every 5 min” #seriously me too…
g00d morning we've talked about this..bieber stories are no bueno...3TV still
Pop quiz: What does the "N" in Salt-N-Peppa stand for?
Per Dec. 28 tweet - Rick Majerus said when he was " Statistics indict, film convicts!"
This video so RATCHEt OMG
Had a good time playing at as usual. Keep being awesome guys, and good game!.
Hanging with my dawg
is goin to be the first one of my friends that's going to get marry
Most online videos have copyright issues. Let's not kid ourselves: They pick-and-choose-who they choose to pick on.
Everyday is Halloween,,,
Anyone use Scoop.it? Likes? Dislikes? Appreciate any feedback.
but in the big house its different, right?
I made the best Cioppino tonight! I added king crab and dungeness to the mix. My neighbors were beating down the door to get a sample!
The sun is out, birds are chirping and I can smell spring flowers... Life is good!
Reading about people worried about having to repeat the semester. Could be wrong. Classes stopped? Or just protesters not there.
32 more days I cant wait to see my husband
Nope, it's Chad!
Omg that ice bath was cold as a heck man lol
A friend posts a pic of a man with a really bad hair piece on FB and writes below it: "Your life has failed you." Funniest thing ever. EVER.
I like it
which one you working on
Getting my haircut, then off to a creative meeting!
Congrats to , , and Norm Lewis on
“: Apparently Free Zimmerman doesn't = Free Boosie...both are murderers tho...”took the words outta my mouth.
Due to work, in 2012 I will have been in LA during #Coachella and Austin during #SXSW. I'm not in the music biz nor attending either event.
's tweets right now are making me feel so gross and awkward. Oh god. I feel as if I need to shower now too omg eww. O.o
You need to make a commitment, and once you make it, then life will give you some answers. Les Brown
Thanks for the re-tweet, Leslie! We hope you can join us at the briefing! Check out , too! We're reviving that account.
What a weekend! Besides working on their careers and watching Avengers these tweeps followed us!
I wish I was the only one who knew how you really felt about everything. Everyone else can be left to guess.
This weekend: gmake, git, python, Fast and the Furious, 13th Warrior, Bullet, Employee of the Month, SuperBowl, Charlie Wilson's War.
Is it Friday yet!!
fallow back ?
back to normal finally, tore my acl again #lookinass #misterjackmedown #whosyourdaddy #show whats the goal for the night!!!!
Can you step on them by mistake when reading too? Or forget them under the couch?
Of course Pulled Pork Grilled Cheese was awesome too at yesterday's Trinity Bridge celebration too!
Good Morning ;)
There's a rumor going around that your no longer here with us if this is false please say something I have so much love 4u
now go ask an alabama fan what they though of nick saban when he was at LSU? HATE! now ask em? #STATUE !
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuiccccckkkkko I'm so tired why school why
Art labs underway with preview at Periscope Project. You have to see the drone box...
Bob Ryan always said if he had to pick 5 guys in a game to save the world, Bill Walton in his prime would be one of the 5.
Watched the Cotto vs. Margarito fight. Wish they would have let it go all the way. Cotto didn't really hurt Margarito just messed up the eye
hit me up bro , got a new phone, ain't got ya number no more
RT : Waiting for my baby to get home safely!!! Honey I am home!!!
The quiz tomorrow is focused on the future perfect quiz.
haha I'm sorry! You're just always pretty. xD
No way!
4- the Organizer - EP13 Sandra Moore, who wrote the letter to the CIW!
I can hardly watch!
RT : OneNote rocks. using it more and more for organizing/collating/sifting. the mobile sync to smartphone is nice.
Home alone, running around naked. It's the life<3
I love you Luke Kotarides #10 good job
Tweets like that make me wish Twitter had a 'like' button...
#ImSingleBecause I don't settle for nothing but the best.
Ironically I am drunk, angry and headed to a SAIC panel.
just makes my Thursday nights on Parks & Rec :)
awe thank you. I was getting ready for little brothers graduation.
good move!
Oh yeah! #facepalm and I are promoting for them at the 30th, then they are coming home with us the next day
I need a little room to sway, you hold me anyway
That's that Fat shit.
8am call time - would feel like torture if I didn't love this script so much!
car and driver. Yes!
When I watch Titanic I still have high hopes that Jack & Rose will get on a life boat together & live happily ever after! So Disillusioned!
if you don't go to UK I'm shaving your flat top while your asleep
cool...I watch every Friday at 9pm on the CW!
Whoa slow down fluff
Pleeeeeze ignore all "Godfather" invitations sent out in my name! Not me doing it and dont know how to stop them!
Back in Indy and those 80 degree rumors are true! What gorgeous weather.
YOUR AMAZING! favorite!
sorry bud!! No internet at my grandparents
If you wanna learn just study.
wow Alex.
thought I would check in :) How is everything?!
s/o to the girls posting pictures of themselves making out with their boyfriends IN THEIR UNDERWEAR on Facebook. Way to keep it classy.
K=potassium
Wish I had the funds to see it might be the first concert of hers I miss, poor college boi
lol... how could I forget?
The core competency of Google is innovation. sites their investment in alternative power as example.
It amazed me by what happened this morning. One of my friends showed me a magazine that had a lot of Victoria justice pics in it.
PANDORA ALWAYS SAVES CPOPE FROM HAVING TERRIBLE NIGHTS
I will be friends with and you can get over it. #loser #deadbeat ✌
Did you know that Paw Naturals will Price Match?
This is stupid (phrase) - I suck at this and you're winning.
Who's ready to cut out of work early and head to the nearest patio? Let's see a show of hands!
I wake with a hunger for success
member tha night before school started...
Thanks! The only way to make it better would be to have you here!
Yeah! There was this really cool coffe shop that I stumbled upon back in I think February and it was rad sauce
There is a special place in hell for people like Levi Johnson. What people will do for money is frightening. He is going to ruin his life.
It's never easy getting up early after only a couple hrs sleep but after a beautiful 3pts & some sun it makes it all worth it!
RT : In relation to the universe and space, why did God choose Earth as the world to create his children?
Aww so sweet :)
#NZP - so excited - this season, cheetahs, maned wolves & LIONS! Doesn't get much better!
WHOLEY SMOKES! This is the best thing I've ever seen! Yes!!!
I'm assuming that equates to "Second tier of non-champ players"? (Malone being in first-tier?) How about Melo v Kemp?
Luckily no hangover but definitely have no voice left. The guys are so nice, and I <3 the Fox Sports Detroit family.
It was a birthday gift to myself...1/2 day off!
that was totally me, last weekend. I've made a point to get very little sleep since then in order to restore the balance.
why do boys sleep for so long!!??
I am also here, hope you are staying dry!! Great to hear from you!!!!!!!!!! My plane leaves around 5:00 hope I can make it!
nice, I'll be waiting for this article
Compleat Female Stage Beauty audition. Fingers crossed.
Turkey Recovery? Avoiding the Mall? How about a book, movie or magazine? We're open our usual hrs this weekend: Frid 10-5, Sat 9-5, Sun 1-5
come on somebody why dont you run ..
God's Word is DIRECT. Rarely does it need your interpretation.
For Real... RT : seriously. “: Every fanbase has that handful of fans that is just OD thirsty”
A McRib and a 90-minute episode of 'Sons Of Anarchy'.
We are team OUTREAGOUS" checkout" Detroit's own Meech Dogg JUICED UP single on youtube buy JUICED UP on outreagousrecords.com or cd baby
Kate, you need a profile pic! People will think you're a spambot otherwise.
How about you think sometimes?
The Portland Trail Blazers are hosting the Houston Rockets today at the Rose Garden. Buy your game tickets by calling at: 888-493-0004
A Tribe Called Pancake?
just got a new phone it is awesome
that awkward and foreign moment of maturity when youd rather read than play videogames
n you just made me drop a Lil piece of chicken on the floor
It's in South Texas close to Corpus Christi. Told you I was an old Texas cowboy among other things right.
Really looking forward to this next series! See you at the 8pm :)
Don't mind me. Just sitting on my front porch checking social networks and waving to people. :) * <<<<<waves
trying to be of good service to a true king. What's good?
90!! Can I trade ya a 50?
you too V! I'm back in Brooklyn next week
omg he is
I'm watching America's Got Talent ADORABLE!!! What happened to your dad Howard Stern? lol
Don't forget the strip club brunches of steak and eggs. And, of course, strippers. So I hear.
Gotta love it when a guy friend sends you the link to Richard Marx's "Right Here Waiting For You" after a love-life complaint.
Every "concentration camp" during the Holocaust was a "Death Camp" - we must teach the past to change the future.
HAHA! RT : Q2: The BATHROOM of course! :) And my bedroom... gotta cover hub's smell :)
The best part about tax season is getting to violently shred every last piece of paper that didn't go to the accountant.
Correct. You must listen through the app. Just click on the iPod icon, press play and scrobble away!
Fat Tuesday Specials all day long. We'll have Jumbalaya, Gumbo, and a Shrimp Po Boy!
Planning Vegas Parties
Happy birthday!! 😉
You’re not a bad person because you made a mistake, you’re a bad person, if you don't learn from that mistake.
sportsfans: there's a reason you stay until the game is over. Anyone watching the 9th inning?
hey alex, u wanna be my 126 follower? the spots urs, just take it! ;)
Heading to ! But first, I gotta primp!
if you follow me, I'll follow him.. #deal?
we deliver sushi to Whittier!
Bonding with the little siss (y)
why did I expect you to say that?? Lol byebye :) goodluck...
no one which is why they swindle people into trying it.
having second thoughts about the complete digital shut down for the honeymoon...
Rumor has it Blew up The Shed in Maryville, TN last night....Repeat? lol
have fun man!
woww really.. asks for French fries and bread at a Chinese restaurant.. #comeonnowdavide 🎎
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you have to keep avoiding eye contact with the barber not getting any customers...not getting a cut by you bro. Lol
Yeah he definitely is my type...exactly what I been needing....
I'm on the persuit of happiness
6:00 am??? Are you sure?
Looooool RT Mr fergie , pls calm down before Mancini brakes your jaw. Pls don't fight.
Seeing a child admiring bcac's mural affirms that we focus on what's best for children when dealing w trauma and interviews.
Former Star of 'The Hills,' Lauren Conrad, Settles for 90210 - ABC News
Saw firsthand how much ground there is to cover. Please come help search for IU student Lauren! And follow
Solomon's Temple Treasure available
so nice to meet you last night!! See you again :)
Go Cats!
You can't do EVERYTHING but you can do SOMETHING.
#Letang is absolutely killing it today. Time to tie it up for the #1 seed!
Thank you!
my fingers hurt !
That awkward moment when you realize that Mist Raven bounces your opponent's stuff too.
rioting in Vancouver over a hockey game, we @ Canada!
brain life tonight. we need you.
can't get into FB, says doing maintence in case anyone is looking for me there. Hope I didn't piss them off somehow...lol
I am altering the deal, pray I do not alter it any further.
Shell factory today!
it can...and it will
Beyond motivated today. Got things to achieve!
MQFTD: Keeping score of old scores and scars, getting even and one-upping, always makes you less than you are. Forbes
ICYMI i lovee and everyone else :)
Follow Back...Pleasee
Be a mentor at our upcoming Speed Networking Event!! We need your expertise in helping fellow RPCVs. To sign up, email
Tonight: Sweatbox presents: Snapshot! w/ Googly,at Jai Jai Thai (Capitol Hill) - get your techno fix - no cover - good Thai food
Touche! Try to stay warm!
A quiet night at home.... Who am I kidding, I'll probably work on my album.
Has written most of a short essay called "Brief Encounters with Famous Musicians at the Urinal."
The flyers/pens game is much more enjoyable on mute
There we go! past 50% now! how delightful :)
watching the sun rise!
I hear that grey goose.... never mind
That moment when you're bout to kill the last person in Halo and a tank kills you.
Work is great. Being a workaholic not so much. Need to learn to pace myself. 75-80 hrs a week not good I learned.
Bethany is teaching Advanced @ 11:30 tomorrow (Friday). Tell your boss to encourage yoga. The life they save may be their own. heh
RT : Decaf works well if you pour it on your crotch.
RT Only a matter of time before we're 'ing kids at their lemonade stand
finally winter break!<3 can't wait for tonight :D
some fun favourite time :)
Is being transgendered or gay a bad thing? Isn't the term "LGBTQ Equality" not "LG Equality".....
Tomorrow! The Devil Wears Prada, We Came As Romans, Miss May I, and Decoder. RT this if you're going!
When doubt is in our heart... we are unable to access faith and see this amazing state of existence... Continued next tweet
Go Tim!
Sprewell's ghost just choked D'antoni
#McDonalds looking to drop employee health coverage, define #irony please...
Make a difference in the life of a child - be a volunteer
Great! We gave you some link love. :)
you got marine camo there. What would your Army colleagues say?
I got chemical swirls in my brain,
you not gona follow me boo.... :(
white people problems bro
USOC didn't "sign off" on choice of Max Siegel, but USATF said USOC was notified of the choice and approved of it.
please make me chai latte marshmallows. it's the least you could do after inspiring such a desire. thanks!
possible! Depends, I have a showchoir comp.
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen you almost die in temple run.
#AGT needs a drinking game....rule one, every time makes someone cry do a shot.
Follow director of "I Spit On Your Grave" & "Complacent" now on Twitter!
It's looking ominous for the ride home tonight...
I LOVE GHI..
Thanks for the Retweets, Adam! Thanks also for all you do and helping to raise awareness. Create a Great Day! :O)
gonna find you now. Follow back
TRY TO APPLY FOR A BANK TELLER OR TRY A TEMP SERViCE...
Wtf am I gonna buy this lady ?
the weather and my almost good hair day forgot to communicate this morning. come on guys.
Sunday and at work gonna be hot but i love the overtime
Hello! I'm good. My sister is doing good as well if you want, you can follow her >>> and her bday is march 28
I hate loud obnoxious bitches.
bout to listen to this Wiz Kalifa interview with and go in on him!!!
we gotcha covered RT : Beer me yesterday already. RT : Is it bad that I'm already thinking about the weekend? Beer me.
Lol? Wait, was he talking about valve's steam? Even if so.. #worstpickupline ever?
What comes around goes around :D
Seen on 23, just now: a man holding his hand over free seat beside him (seat's taken!) and a man wearing a car freshener around his neck.
#ThingsThatUsed2BeCool Not reminiscing about what used to be "cool" & just letting it be.
I could eat a small child right now.
I do enjoy hearing that guy say "Do you guys know how to post videos to Facebook?" #AT&T Commercial beats squealing pig on Geico any day!
RT "We cannot cure the world of sorrows, but we can choose to live in joy.” Love this
I want to go by Laurel......
I just waited on the man of my dreams. He's a videographer, funny, tall, handsome and married...DAMMIT.
": So who does everyone want to see in the Super Bowl?" The , who else?
sometimes i think too much
I'm just setting you up so you think you have a chance, then I will crush you.
Don't ever forget who was there for you when no one else was.
whaaaa?!? Cooper all the way.
kinda excited haha
WOW, Pete has hit a new low ...
my iphone just froze and when i restarted it all my texts had been deleted. :(
Just took a really good and insightful marketing survey by about my #outdoor activities. I'm pretty darn active! :)
"Person," comes from tha Latin, "Persona" = "Mask." Hm, what am I "masking," knowing there can be no skelton in closet?
In class teaching/taking a break but wondering Why Didn't I eat more than a handful of tortilla chips at 11am? Omgoodness I am hungry!!!
Dramatic commercial breaks in tv shows lose their effect on netflix...
you're missing nothing. Too much great music, electronic and otherwise, to worry about that nonsense
Biden at his best: "How many of you all have a Swiss bank account" asks NH crowd "He calls the president out of touch?" via
The #W in #HollywoodAtNight is happening tonight...
This is the kind of offense/defense D'Antoni wants out of his Knicks. Under/over could hit 300
When two people are meant for each other, no time is too long , no distance is too far, and no one can ever tear them apart.
Thanks for the follow Gus - love your work!
Thanks to all of our front and back of the house staff, for doing what they do best!
Still waiting for phone call. Is there anyone there that can help me?
How have you been Mr. Maguire?
LOVE IS GOLDEN....
Customers want a human, authentic and respectful engagement, be it on social or IRL
Today is the 18th. Tomorrow is the 19th.
moves like Jell-O on springs.
#followme I follow back ...Lets get to it
I've bemoaned loss of community/kinship in industrial, postindustrial society. Yet, am happy to now be home alone away from extended family.
However, it’s not so easy to claim any website whether it is selling authenticated products or not, just browsing once or twice
- Gonna be a great class. Looking forward to it!
Sexual Fear... Wendy Williams... Last woman on earth.Dayyyam!!!
I Can't Make You Love Me... you either do or you don't... but don't fuck with my feelings because you don't know or deny how you feel.
yep! we went to FL.. it was too damn hot!!! mid/upper-80's :P but it was good haha.. how was yours?
chasin after model bitches tryna get my fucks up.
Agreed! What a blast this morning! RT: “: that was awesome getting to listen to you co-host with !”
Be patient, live life, have faith.
Monica go on oovoo!
Laughing at jokes about you >
it's been a hell of a day.
New student leaders attend #commonexperience retreat this weekend. Another reason I love my job.
anything I must see or do? I already have dinner at Wink and South Congress....Never been to Austin
Happy valentines day ! today is a day of love so get that lovin on lol , with love E.R <3
I've got synced up and ready for some
it sucks
RT : Any of you doing the Pittsburgh Marathon this weekend?
80% of Twitter users have a boyfriend or girlfriend..i like food.
The National Anthem at the Indycar Race in Baltimore could possibly be the worst I have EVER heard
Gonna miss all my niggas for real
I've seen both of those and enjoyed them greatly. That Sebald movie looks like a step above and beyond.
Latin Works of John Wyclif: www.wyclif.info
All kidding aside, Kev's voice is valuable. I'm just grateful he didn't Tweet during '93 Fireworks Night.
All BS aside the Braves do have a nice club this year Tough div though.
Everyone let me know when u can buy, i wanna buy quick, but i wanna buy together
Out on a limb... literally! New page posted today at www.rocketrobinson.com
We hope everyone is safe from the recent storms! Sincerely, Aycee & Z
Yes, I need a reason for invitations stat!
My daughter just turned the big 1 last Saturday! Making me feel old at 18! :P
hahaha I will! Just for shits and gigs.
has ORLA 1.0 been out commercially for a while?
I'm sorry. :( let me know if you need me for anything.
Happy Hour begins! From 5 to 9, get 2-4-1 Taps, Rails, and Domestics with Miss Libby!
From a review: "He is a professor emeritus which means to me that he is a wise old man."
TRUE. DAT. RT : There's a guy here at #swsea that gives your beard a run for its money.
she talks too damn much!!
yeaah, you'll get into it (:
OMG~I thought I was the only one out there that paid attention to Disney TV~I know that is naive! I love the mom on there!
planning E's graduation party & need party ideas (particularly invitations)! Was thinking bunting, but is that too baby-showery these days?
What videos are you guys watching? We like to know what the cool videos are so help us out!
Never give up! :)
I can't come in to work today, my sister tripped over the dog, fell off the porch and broke her wrist. I have to take her to the hospital...
Lol I pulled down google's zipper :3
Transformers 4 I don't care if Michael Bay can blow up anything and make it look awesome. With out Megan fox's random "Ohh" face... no good
I dropped off lots o' greetings at Beans & Barley this morning! For sale very, very soon!
Sabres might get a new owner worth over 3 billion dollars...that's something i can't rant about
Boredd on my off day
thanks and TGIF
I Always Listen To You !! D:
I had a great time at IHOP with my friends!! I'm glad they came, even thou I was feelin sick...
how was your Easter sweet friend!! been thinking and praying for you! love you~
uh, maybe you should get somebody *else* to take the class!
For Real.
my mother kills me when she takes the long way everywhere we go.
You only live once, do what you want to do. Never think you have to listen to what other people say to you. Just be yourself.
Why is there fruit for dessert D:
": Being called weird is like being called Limited Edition. Meaning you're something people don't see that often. Remember that
wow, LOL ok your tweets make no sense because as far as I know did "man-up" to what she dis that's why she got help that's why...
Hurry! RT : Pricing for #UPA2012 Conference in Las Vegas goes up on Monday at midnight eastern time. Buy tickets today!
Dynamic heating and cooling have products and equipments for your HVAC systems that will make a difference.
A cashew contours to the tip as if to say 'let's do this, I'm a cashew'
next year!
thanks for the follow... We never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends or nights...24/7
of course I'm from russia I used to travel everyone before I moved to the states n it's too expensive 2 leave loo
Sweet Sticks, I am envious.
No more practices for me this season...
well then you don't have to worry about any throat punches :)
Mazel tov to our friends at on its great new site. Wonderful to see the result of all that hard work!
well aren't you cool. 😉
I read on NBC that my favorite family on TV (& my idols in biz) will be back this fall YAY
true:D
Ray is asking if we want to do DP at DHSI2013. What say you? (and did you see our class list? Holy cow!)
#drydensocial #spacetweeps Hilton is at *back* of mall behind Dillards department store. Ignore Google Maps! follow mall circle drive back
Certainly hope you will be able to make it to the event :)
are preparing for the studio and the recording of "BETTER THAN THE REST" BOO FROG--with the Great Mike Lastra at the helm.
Hey guys, did you know that New England is out to win the league? All seventeen people at the Revs game just said so.
My mom just told me i look wonderful.. im wearing athletic shorts hair up and sweat shirt.. um thanks.?
UPDATE from Bat Conservation International: If I renew today for a higher membership level, they'll send me a free pair of chopsticks!
Riddims from released numerous times each month. Look out fi dem, seen?
I'm just sitting here bored
jk we will be driving from Chgo to LA in July. You guys should show us around. Tell Codes we're coming 4 dinner.
: Hugging random women and saying "mommy I've finally found you!"...
I know!!! But I wish I could see you as soon as you get here but I guess not :(
bitch,he won 2 awards,but they didn't say it on the award show
Never feed a troll.
Much appreciation for the RT! Have a great week!!
So basic!
Bad posture is your enemy. Always remember to keep your back straight and your shoulders up. Your abdomen will appear toned if you flex.
I just wanted to say hello ;)
600 miles of the roughest weather I have ever driven through...but here I are!!!
I think this day calls for a little "Ill Communication".....("...and I got mad hits, like I was Rod Carew"...)
Ha. And you're hating on CA!
That's awesome!
Ah, I see you weren't attacked! I was accosted at gunpoint in Chicago in 2007 and it took a while to fully regroup.
Where my boo at
#That1FriendThat you've grown up with who is always there for you.
Not yet noon and I already want to flop over sideways in my chair.
AIBA members - this is your page! Come and tell our 178 followers about your biz, your specials, your promotions - this is your platform.
MUCH LOVE 2 THE HARDEST WORK MAN ALIVE SALUTE
Jason jones, son! Flynn and Winston to follow!
People don't understand that your schedules won't be finished changing until July.
hits the 3 week mark at our new office Beta testing the space has been a blast!
#HeySouljaBoy when u gone drop another album ?
I love Thursday nights specifically for The Vampire Diaries and The Secret Circle!
the second book is so good. The third one sucks though. Also read the all online
I have really lost my motivation for today.
How times have changed...I scrubbed many toilets in elementary school
Heard tonight: "why the hell would i wear a white t-shirt on half-price wine night?" word.
I could never hate you..
Justice O'Connor at the forefront of pushing for games as a useful tool for reigniting civic learning & engagement (cool!)
year hurry up and go away!!want the x factor to come around.
Going on five hours in car. The others have resorted to cannibalism. There is a lone star in the western sky.
Thank you for the RT. Cheers!
small businesses for sale
Come out to Craig Park Shelter House #2 in Greenwood tomorrow morning for the 5K run to support The Boaz missions ministry!
I wish I could cook like the people on food network!
I just finished a 7.05 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I wake up each morning ripped between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world.
fill it with beer tomorrow and see how far he gets it!
Kitchen Demo Tip of the Day: When removing old kitchen counters, pry plywood from cabinets first. Don't waste time removing tile.
The Intercollegiate Broadcasting Systems Conference will be held this Saturday ! Registration starts at 8!
Opera in Focus is scheduled to appear on Community Connection at 5:30 p.m. on Comcast channel 100 this Wednesday. Tune in. You might see me.
well do it nigga
so happy DSA was on the Daily Show last night! DSA haters can get over themselves, we are organizing and proud!
I can't do tuna to save my life. Reminds me of cat food.
#tcamp12 day 2: today's mission focus on open 211 and actualizing yesterday's ideas
that is gross
#Romney: We once built the Hoover Dam, now we can't even build a pipeline.
Yes...Mint Oreos! I forgot all about those!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow - 95% of my friends are really gullible. *cough mainly , , , & cough*
ok, now I'm on the go but as soon as I'll re-connect I will definitely check it out. Thanks again for the info!
it's early yet!
I'm at the Roxbury nightclub where (I'm assuming) my fave film A Night at the Roxbury got its name and I'm here just eating free Indian food
#What2ChainsWouldSay "In Walmart, leanin doe , my shoppin cart , I'm steering ho they ask me my favorite cere-al , I holla back , CHEERIOOS"
Just saved life! She's okay... she just chocked on water! no biggie. hahaha
it says the page I requested is not found :(
Please check out & follow for those interested in humanitarian aide volunteering travel & medical missions
Getting set to head back home. Not cut out for all this confounded driving.
Just posted a job on your website. Thank you!
": No Chad Henne? The FreakNation would like 2 be 1st to congratulate the #Dolphins on winning the AndrewLuck sweepstakes." :)
he's faker then a 3 dollar bill ..
Fuck charging my phone.
Ran in the fog of early spring. Redbuds blooming. Dogwoods nearly there. - 4 miles
I just hate that show.
No way. He will definitely sell to #ochocinco Will be fun to watch him go against Nandi and Revis ah
It was nice to meet you too! And of course the lil ones!
Yes! The Broet Laureate speaks!
Progress has little to do with speed, but much to do with direction.
I would slap the shit out my dude if he was talking bout camping out for some damn jordans!
Oh hell yea my favorite #Boondocks episode is on
“I surely know that there is no role in life more essential and more eternal than that of motherhood." - M. Russell Ballard
Comes down to Patriots offense vs. Giants defense!
that tweet series was intense, yo
RT We just initiated this weekend man. In hoc and best of luck.
im all ears dear :)
cannot wait.
Hey mama, how you been... wayd tonight
cover of I.V , nice white gold. $5 shirt very nice price. Thank u!
. He said that? I'd have punched him out if I'd known that. I only knew about the drawing. Stupid little jerk.
Excellent -- I think that bibliography site was down for a while, or else my bookmark was to an older link.
Takin my moms some good tasting west Indian food.
The wizard forgives you Im sure of it
Aw !! I literally just yelled "I LOVE TAYLOR" in the middle of the street
We're trying 2 keep u on ur toes. #speedbusters is back on 4 tonite, despite r earlier tweet. Next wk moves 2 Wednesday nights.
So is it weird I've started planing my return and I haven't even left yet?
your in Chicago? Welcome to my city!!!!!!! We'll not really mine but ya know what I mean lol
Just a week or so left for the blueberry! Don't miss out...
i know right <3 and thanks !
are u sitting court side??
Lunch time. Yummy sandwich from LaBoite & flipping through some
go get 'em!
I know... thought you were referring to the crappy yotes!
Hey! I thought you didn't do that fast food never aging shit?
is following me??? I feel like the luckiest girl :) thanks boys! You are both adorable & I love your music!
gonna over pay mane! Helzberg diamonds or whatever its called is much better priced
RT : #nhslma12 Be a cultural anthropologist. Observe how students/staff use library. Ask them their opinions, wants, needs.
please look at distribution channels to scale up the education of #QRCodes they are local and how do you distribute them as such?
i mostly just post links. as i'm sure you've noticed. ;)
Ruined mothers day by starting fights & maybe just saved it by apologizing🙏
someday... we'll walk in the rays of a beautiful sun.
Darn, forgot abt the traffic on Church...argh
I love the song I appreciate you (: your a phenomenal singer(:
You'd think laughing at it means you're not *actually* offended. You just think you should be.
Who has liked us on FB?! If we get to 250 likes, will upload another video
Do you have a door prize that you want to donate to the empty bowl? Email us here:
#Akoo is some of the best Urban wear around.
actually no I like to chat all ive said was Hi then boom blocked
They say your nightmares are your biggest fear. If my nightmares are about losing you, then losing you is my biggest fear.
I swear Peyton has the most gorgeous eyes ever. I seriously got lost in his eyes when I met him, they looked crystal clear
I Just ADORE My Lovely Friends Who Decide To Come to My House At 9:30 tonight For no Reason.Haha iloveeeyouuu Sarah Thomas&Stephanie,(:
I've been afraid of changing 'cause I've built my life around you. But time makes ya bolder, children get older and I'm getting older too.
"Be smart, be strong, be proud, live honorably and with dignity, and just hold on."
Joshua Ledet of American Idol did Runaway Baby tonight
Lmao I can't believe my moms still out at a party and in home alone still... Oh well as long as she's having fun :)
Break away from Turkey this Thursday - we'll be serving our full dinner menu from 12-6pm & our special will be Lobster Meat Enchiladas! Yum!
Twilight Zone on
Last Q of the night coming right up...
Congrats property mgr's Jeff McDonald & Michelle Pfeiffer for Community Corporate Center 2011 Energy Star Certification!
better put sunscreen on that noggin of yours lol
Except it's only for emergencies and crap I think.
Well I'd say it depends on the circumstances (is the photo of an event/accomplishment?), but no, that's ok to be bugged by.
Lets see how this Bulls game goes
don't you hate when that happens?
Yes, It can happen that easily.
what's up with bones ending in Dec., airing one episode in Jan., and then going hiatus again?
you like abandon all ships:)
T minus 3 hours to Gallbladderectomy! Let's get this thing out...and let the pain go away.
stuck in my underwear outside, with a pack of smokes and no lighter, and my laptop. I feel so stupid... and I have to go potty. GRRR!
you are so right!
I can't wait . . . not long until documentary on #HBO - greatest ever!!!
Thank you!
do you work for UPS? Because I swear I saw you checking out my package
Peanut butter toast, cottage cheese with pineapples, coffee, and Desperate Housewives. I'd like to consider this an A+ worthy morning.
kind of.... Long story!
Van Halen – A Different Kind Of Truth | Metal Obsession
Taco Taco Taco Time! Come by the Mix for Tacos and Sangria on this B-U-T-FUL Winter night or should I say summer-esque night! :)
I've been too nice, way to understanding, and let too much slide. Some are not good. I'm
Go to sleep early Elle... go to sleep early Elle... go to sleep early Elle... probably a FAIL.
Last chance to get camera training in today. Shoot your subject concentrating on changing backgrounds, in focus & out. Tomorrow: bad smile.
sweet! #wordswithfriends lasted a long time. But I hated that game. I actually like #drawsomething they need some more words thou
yes sir!
I'll talk to everyone :) and we will try our hardest to be there!
from Kaplan sharing how they send webcams to customers to gather insights
follow me back ;-)
Busy morning an afternoon tomorrow. Smh. Can't sleep. gonna try. Lol
that's awesome....looking forward to your reports
Yay! My own personal Twitter account! HELLO WORLD!
you are not lazy :( And YES, I believe in the power of RETWEET! xD
it's not like you made it up. Shits the truth.
Coming up at 8:00 AM EST Cummings goes on to talk about yesterday's #GSA hearing.
You are missing my cranberry walnut banana bread in the office today!
Lol why didn't Adam stop her???
To make it profitable, the actors would have to look good in a wife-beater
if you take it farther, Samardo (Jamaican), Dieng (united nations lol), and Behanan (Mars)...they get a lot of foreigners.
Watching Dog Whisperer with Maya 🐩
NEVER AGAIN!!! Let us all remember Yom Hashoah and make sure that we never allow the memory to fade
At home anyone that's out there reading my tweets should i ask my crush out or wait 4 him 2 make the first move??????
updated catalog of tools and services for managing and curating research data
I need me some new clothes, Furrealz!
Alright so why does it always feel so good in one workout and then like ur legs are being ripped off ur body the next?
Get home safe lady! We love ya in Detroit!
But the thing is I can't even talk to her. Cause this house isn't a home to me.
HEY!! It's Pork Chop Day!! Our 5.99 Tuesday Special. Grilled to perfection and yummy!
Big day for the #Madden13 development team. Private showing of the Oscar winning documentary
This! RT but you don't need to "know" Dewey or LC to use it find a book. The call number is just an address
count me in! holllla
no, but I can use it in a sentence. "You is dumb."
I would love to buy the peteclipse
My #fridayreads = The Emerald Atlas by John Stephens. My son and I are loving the adventure!
it's the donor....and normally, just like you, I am anti-social and fine with it. You're SURE you're not a Capricorn?
oh well she can deal wit it your awesome!
Sorry! Spelled your name wrong on that twit pic..
Alright, Pats, let's try this next time: When Torrey Smith starts running, YOU RUN WITH HIM.
3rd winning pick #NFL week 6 - Chargers/Broncos 44 -
My daughters loved her too...sad there is no such thing as a postitive influence anymore!
RT : We recently tried the turkey bacon and everyone loved it! So much better for us!
"Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants." Back to the genius of - this time with 'In Defense of Food.
same here ! This will be war !
Yeah, Indian is up there as number two or three--Chinese number one, Thai competing with Indian
Going to sleep early tonight. Another day in the books. GN
Looking forward to your tweets. Follow us too!
I thought the model for our shoot would have a "girl next door" look. Instead she was high-fashion edge. Great stuff
Irony has a shelf life. Thats why you can shave mustaches. (josh)
Pretty sure everyone has just been taking the GB shirts but sure Rob since I don't have $10 I'll go home & get it. Literally hate him. 😡
I need something time make me feel better.
Just realized I'm driving a ford :X
that is awesome.
I can't at pressed Monsters having a gut to trend RIP Madonna . Not funny at all.
Agreed. Mtg yesterday with Abbey Road Associates was eye-opening. Great stuff well worth the money.
Shabazz Muhammad is already four of four with 9 points.
With the rain we got last night, the creeks are running! Barton Pool, Sculpture Falls, Twin Falls, what's your favorite ATX swimming hole?
Amina Baraka's pain is so real when she speaks of her daughter's murder at the hands of a homophobe
I'm already sick & I can't even spend time with my boyfriend . :(
Did you see our new photos from this season? Check them out at facebook.com/theSCoopUSC!
Tomorrow night IMMORTALS plays at 6:30 and 9 for only $2! Get ready for some IMMORTAL KOMBAT
Thanks for liking my film Relative Strangers. I directed it.
gurlllll you bess not be tawkinnn to me. I'll go all ghetto on up ass
I'm amazed those windows never caught on the US. We really missed out over here.
so blessed for everyone in my life :)
Whenever I read tweets, I read it in their voice... Weird.
this show went down hill
Happy Easter!
Summertime Siding Tip: Keep sprinklers and other forms of forced water away from siding to prevent damage.
Good thing we are all stronger than really caring about what others think about us in the end
Speaking with your headphones on & not realizing how loud you are."
You still talking bout that awful game RT : personally? i'd rather wade with the rock in that last possession every time.
Sell your cleverness and purchase bewilderment. ~ Rumi
Haters gonna hate, but Bush's Razorblade Suitcase is a legitimately awesome record.
personally i think you are projecting You don like it so neither does anyone else. I'm probably doing the same
If u text me, & I tell u I'm working on something for school, LEAVE ME ALONE!!!
u think u know sombody right? u think they r ur bestfriend right? well mabey u should take another look cause they can turn out to be fake..
doesn't look like celery has support for Riak. ;)
Alexander Miller, an important figure
A: We're headed to the 'quarium to see the fishies! W: I wanna see the crabbies, Mama!
My "wakeup activity" will be washing my face.
Either way I need to go to bayshore
Harry cute ,hot i just cant help him Zayn is sweet a cute guy and he my 2nd favorite lois liam ,niall are cute in a hot way love 1D 4 ever
Dunno. Didn't like the coat, either. My problem is that while she should be glamorous ALWAYS, her clothes should be practical.
Well then again I prefer chipotle over everything
Gorgeous black men
Who knew...french brading my hair was actually possible. Haha
Local Colleges Roundup: UC San Diego's Gaito puts end to CSDH's NCAA softball run: Pitcher stifles Toros twice, and former Palos Verd...
Teachers, nurses here. Councilman Squilla reportedly here. Speeches r militant. SRC, , Gov Corbett have fight on their hands.
At the rights of readers and the threat of the kindle
If you think twitter is that old Saturday morning cartoon character you might be a digital redneck!
won't*
GO TO WWW.GOINDULGEBOSTON.COM & RECEIVE $125 WORTH OF SERVICES FOR JUST $50!!! WWW.GOINDULGEBOSTON.COM
follow back? Louis my fave too:)
If you wear sequins to a Royals game that's fine. I just reserve the right to judge you.
when I first watched the movie, the same thing happened 2 me C':
haha! You love southern girls, eh? I will certainly keep in touch! I enjoy y'all! We just have to meet! (:
not just eat them-- force feed them to make foie gras. logic= unsound.
I totally agree! Started with my now 2yo doing ABCs and 123...at about 18mos. She can recite/identify alpha, counts 1-30!
The Wiz is on and didn't tell me! For shame! RIP Ted Ross, Nipsey Russell, Richard Pryor & Michael Jackson!
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
It's going to be a great day, I can feel it in my bones.
Hanging out at the Thirsty Lion watching TORvCHI
So miss how were the famous Ravioli's?
i think our history tells us time and time again that the answer is very little. Makes me think about Derrick Bells work
Good Morning Everyone! Hope you all have a blessed Friday Feliz Dia!
NFL Draft
So this year y'all aren't going to any Halloween parties?
Welcome, Father of little beauties.
Officially game day!!!
#FF Great minds do think alike. Android / Photographers:
best of luck to him, don't worry though:he's a marine-this is what they're trained for: kickin ass, wooing copywriters, etc..
I didn't know you grew up in Viet Nam!
You should go this summer! :)
it's annoying when scrolling through facebook newsfeed and seeing THE SAME EXACT PERSON like it everytime.
If you included a picture in that, you could've broken Twitter with its awesomeness!
HA! your fvrt gal --> “: “: Happy Mother's Day, sweet lady!” right back atcha!!!!! Xoxo”
Good tip! RT : My biggest gluten tell is mouth ulcers! Dentists should look out for that too!
Why won't Entourage Stack emails like gmail does? hmpf.
I had broke up with my boyfriend and now I have no Valentine for tuesday that sucks I feel super sad I have no Valentine :(
The first sign that a business doesn't support local business, is the ADT decal in the front window. Looking for a local printer who does.
What's up w/ Money Map being down the past two days? And right when I want it, turn of the month!
Yay! RT : Here wit listening to my next project presented by - "SKOOL'S OUT!" coming this Spr ...
#englishbeat Great show Tons of YouTube vids to come!
well, they did survey 96% of WI businesses.
I love grocery shopping with my momma 😘❤
appreciate you guys coming down yesterday. You have to let me know when you come back to Pittsburgh.
#flacon2012 Learning some interesting tips for getting things done at the Leadership and Power talk.
3 months is the initial training and then 1 month combat and then school. Whoop! Excited? Soccer isn't too bad haha, a fan?
Watching bobbi brown interview
We swapped shrimp dishes w/ ! Come get their Salt & Pepper Shrimp And join us tonight for #socialmonday too!
Welcome to the realm of endless Mitt/Newt/Santorum jokes
Let me update My phone.
Scream~USHER omfg Ilovee this song!!
RT : Senators chose bipartisan "secret santas" at their policy lunchs yesterday, an idea proposed by Sens. Franken and Johanns
Mahalo for the Rat happy #cincodemayo!!
Next up, 'Fat Kid Rules the World' @ Alamo Village
we NEED another teaser -.- lol pleeeaaasssseeeeeee (:
I would so retweet that sweat pants tweet if I could.
I'm gonna be your bubblegum bitch
Great morning at the beach!
We all make old mistakes waitin for the better days.
If you didn't save it, we're not friends. ;)
Tweet us a pic you've taken at a #SFGiants spring training game this weekend and you could #win a free SF > LA shirt.
it does mean something chiefs fan..
sleep is for suckers. and people who actually wake up when their alarms go off.
where is your photo? :-)
came home just in time to root for LA
Words cannot even explain how excited I am for my birthday.
Love 5 Guys Burgers.
dont think it is possible for you to get more perfect! ^~^
Dang got a "Fire" on my computer terminal. Damn SVN up always break my code. Hopefully updating the database and loading data put it out.
that is not a problem.. I just like helping people.. U didnt waste my time at all.. Am here if you need tips...
what's up!!
DePaul students- midterms got your brain fried? Take a break and grab a bite at sandwich me in.
it was hot as the devils armpits today.how was it out there in cali.
Were a tad worried. Were here at a Kentucky Wildcats bar and they're about to turn all the TVs away from Ohio game.
7mins & I'm already bored of this hw.. Someone text me!
be safe!
hes screwed up . he pisses me off
i did not fully commit to canada day. no caesars, no poutine. was in vancouver last week & saw friends enjoy both. not for me.
I'm not from Dallas. I was there for a concert last year.
i heard that dick tastes good
Girl you got me about to pass out... I'm wondering if cupid gave you ass shots.
Money on MayWeather
well that's not what I ment ur other tweet was like nobody would go with u to prom. Well ur effing drop dead gorgeous so y
By my calculations the #Lakers should have an 80 point lead on us by the end of the game.
wow I don't ever remember this many injuries in the playoffs from star players
I know what I'm getting my mother...
are you ready for us on Friday night at Bounce Sporting Club?
thanks so much we're gonna post that today!
u should txtx me if ya like
On the clock --> 146 Days | 21 Hours | 28 minutes to #Gophers football
Do strip clubs provide the dancers with pasties?
Don't suppose her name was Sue, was it?
aha I'll see if I can. And I thought he always goes to cryar to skate?
seriously. #18for me
All work, no play :) so no losses to report
Wait, is she at an Obama rally?
Did he just call him Jordan hill?
And it certainly doesn't make YOU more interesting.
Also, re: bachelor party...Cincy surprised me with a pretty cool, unique bar scene in the Mt. Adams area. Cab situation there SUCKS though!
oh haha ill be damn'd dat happened to me lol hell naw I'd be like gimme back dat house I bought you... Tf you thought haha
Is watching CSI
awesome. Thanks!
Funny stuff. RT Only asking Joe pa football questions today would be like asking Clinton foreign policy questions in 1995.
What would Mitt appointment him: Sec. Of State?, HHS?
Off to St. Petersburg!
I just can't right now y'all with my sugar...But now I know who to turn to next time I need some ideas for some good old fashion cruelness
for sure, once the schedule is released (OFFICIALLY) then we can figure out what game would be best
Great, thank you! How is your morning going?
haha I totally did (:
Did you hear about the man who won a gold medal at the Olympics? He had it bronzed.
I think I like pixlr-o-matic better after all. Check it out and let me know what ya think.
.. "building a great organization..." Sounds like "Building a new tradition."
RT: Most of your suffering comes from the lack of understanding of yourself and others. ~Thich Nhat Hanh
#nisoEbook Paxhia survey of ebook purchasers; increasing number would wait 3 months for ebook rather than get p-book now. Almost 40% latest
where are u moving? I'm off all next week
Interested in a better life? Check out www.betterlifehomebuyers.com They may be able to enrich your life!
Like when goes on the twitters
lol If I had real children maybe I'd get breakfast in bed along with that #CLIPPERS game! (the cat won't do it, though :(
that's no fancy burrito at all.
The Undertaker has & always will scare me a little...
you know what? this is gonna keep bothering me if i don't clown this dude on Facebook real quick
we r excited to!
LOL Thanks for schooling me. I rarely ever watch tv or keep up with any celeb.
Lost followers :((((
everything cool brotha!!!
You're brilliant. Thanks so much for your performance on "Downton."
RT I just don't work productively during solar storms.
Trust me, high school ends. You graduate and get away from the people you never want to see again. It's all good.
"I Shit on Evreryone" - Charles Wheeler
can we hang out everyday this week? I'm gonna miss you.
no problem! if you ever have any questions on #veganism or #fitness, i'll try to help you out as well. good luck
so cute!!
OMG! I love you so much! I want to marry you and have your babies! Oh wait.... :) ah hell..can I get a RT anyway?
Yes! RT : Creating #jobs is only part of the puzzle. We also must do more to help job-seekers land jobs that are already open.
The similarities were subtle, and maybe I was just imagining them :)
May is Asian Pacific American Heritage Month! Did you know that all 11 API state legislators are Dems?
Thanks for the shout out Orlando Sentinel! . 6 days till the big challenge!!!
thank you joey. Just booked a room till the 8th. See you Monday
Merry Christmas.....Miss U! Chinese soon?
thanks max!
Just got starter kit, got halfway through, looking good! --Dropped the Gel Primer and bottle broke! :( :(
Unofficially together?! Bwahaha! You sound real dumb!!
Oookkaayy red robin in Monona, last chance to not suck ass. Let's go.
“: CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU TONIGHT. 'LOVE CRY' FOR DC TONIGHT PLEASE? Sorry for the caps. :p” waiting for love cry!
Haha what more when yer drunk??? That was awesome! I love Canadians!
didn't think it to be serious hence my joking response.
My kitten is such a cartoon! She was playing peekaboo with herself in the mirror earlier; now she's playing NINJA HATTACK! with my pen :)
thank you bby !
I love her so much. She's like my Kevin but in a girl form.
i am who i be who u
“: can I join you” << prepares time machine.
I have made a stop on the way to the NAPO Conference to have some fun.
Thanks , for the great professional accolades! We've been creating great marketing collateral together for many years now.
will love swift forever! sign the petiton~
Can We Pleases Change Da Dam Subject
Encore - 51st floor. So high I can kiss the moon! :)
ahahaha she ratchet
Build relationships, not sales, & you’ll have friends, mentors, customers & referrals for life. #business SeanLetwat
yesterday was too funny with zuly's uncles! follow back tho? ^-^
Nearly 1/4 of all millionaires pay a lower tax rate than millions of middle-class families. Use zaahah to connect now!
I know Haiti is trying to rebrand itself as tourism destination after the disaster but still nervous for my best friend working there.
This is not just a dream, its a wet dream of orgasmic proportions and this one just deludes everybody! #FIFA13commentaryonRolando'sfks??
Guess proving that you listen to your boyfriend when he rambles about his favorite songs for hours, puts him in a good moodd :3
1st off I'm not kim stan..dn't get me wrng her bars r fire but I really never got into her #fact she is better thn nicki though
Aim for the highest. Andrew Carnegie
sounds awful
I'm about to I fucking love
Thanks for the mention on your article. Please add Frank Cammarata, who was my scene partner (North End, Boston)
What about responsibility of drivers to maintain control of vehicle & not hit people/things?
are u watching the office and where are you!!!!???
Time for the Twins to have a fire sale!
Great pre-recording rehearsal for Across the Great Divide!
Congratulations Buck #1,000Wins Go O's! Let's shock the world #orioles #whynot? '12
Reading everything the crazy people have to say about Indy bar smoking ban.
should've asked Ron if he is getting tired of seeing Gordon Hayward plaques everywhere he goes...
On here briefly before heading off for some z's - when are you headed to Chicago?
Checking out FameSurf. Thanks for the link!
Children miss schoo because of illnessl, single mom gets fined, can't pay the fine, go to jail, where do the kids go?
HECK YES WE ARE
#Angels Trumbo with a nice 2-run job puts #halos up 2-1 on
accelerated downward spiral
I get bored..don't bore me..
a girl who had feelings
Thanks for the RT!
psh, that's old hat.
lacrosse with the landslide win. Now for some authentic Philly cheesesteaks
Why go down the same path with monographs libraries did with journals? Wind up in the same bad situation of too expensive to own or access.
when i hear heart attack comin on the radio i turn it up real loud, so the part when he say "OOOOOOHHHHHH" can b real loud lmaooo
nothin' beats a 2 day work week #Thanksgiving break or bust!
people aren't digging josh's cleans
Catapult & The List join forces today to help small agencies with 2012 planning. Message directly to find out how to win a free session.
My net worth in real dollars and Skyrim Septims are just about equal. I'm divided on whether or not this is a good thing.
did I in follow you? If I did I didn't mean to!! I love that b&w pic
Only four days until Christmas! Stop at the Westown Indoor Market to pick up some last minute holiday gifts. Going on until 3pm today!
! Going hard right now
@ AAlcondez >>> THANK YOU KINDLY...
CAPTCHAS are no more difficult than they were five years ago. It's just the crumbling education system catching up with us.
