Omg if worlds were in Daytona next year that would be the shit.
Keep an eye out for our offer code for the sale...our rates will be 20% off for the month of March
thank you veronicaaaaaaaaa :*
EE done!!!!!!! it feels like a load has been lifted! Glory to God in the highest!
Chilling with my 103 year old aunt! I hope I'm this cool when I'm her age! :D
Will be. I'm getting my pre-game celebration on. RT : your at the game??
yeah matt and I was laughing at that!
follow me bck
Amazing win? #NYG were the beneficiary of literally the worst call in the history of sports. Douche. Hang your head low.
but back to the country of the educated, where people get robbed and they celebrate it, KNAAN
Haha tell me about it. I can't use a phone as a phone anymore. It wants to play.
Too much working this week! #exhausted 
I think they mad cause they BROKE....smh
Hi. I miss you! Come see me! Okay? Hurry. p.s. you suck at updating your twitter. :) -xoxo-
Definitely got some fun stuff planned for our acoustic show with Craig Owens on December 18th. Who are we gonna see there?
that's just a short chapter in a long book with no ending yet. But you will be invited to the signing.
" Live, Love, Learn. Leave a Legacy " --Stephen R. Covey
I went to the one on 95th
Its impossible to get water from a person who's cup is empty. It's also impossible to get love from someone who has none to give.
Not all Democrats are Liberals, but we need the numbers... for now.
Had fun in s.a
Westside to Hollywood at 6pm is the real carmageddon.
This morning's panel was great; thanks to all who came! (I'm glad I didn't have to follow 's amazing ukelele blowout.)
So if pain is weakness leaving your body, then I just eliminated a crapload of weakness...
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
Thank you for your service. The school and your mentee, in particular, benefit greatly.
R.I.P. Steve Jobs. Thanks for changing our world<3
Thanks for the follow! Follow me, I follow you!!!
Audience Q: Have any of Judy Garland's family seen the show? #SUinNYCTheater cast members don't believe they have
You're happiest while you're making the greatest contribution. Robert F. Kennedy
They have quite a way with rabbit, too!
However, if D12 goes to the Lakers. I like the chances of DWill coming to Dallas in FA if the Nets can't wrangle another star.
Kings have looked great in these playoffs! RT Unbelievable! St. Louis swept by Kings...
Suddenly find I crave instrumentals while writing. Cirque du soleil #pandora working for me big time.
Accidentally took my vegetarian husband to all-you-can-eat meat buffet where even the beans were bathed in pork grease #happyanniversarypal!
Love this weather
What Happen Love
Vergne: 2012 not a Red Bull audition - Racer
Ur come on line was, u wanna sit on my face?
Is #Google the next #Microsoft? (This is NOT a good thing).
shun the nonbeliever SHHHUUUNNNNN
So easy being part of a champion.
Pedi and mani tomorrow YAY I can't wait!
Whoo I Need To Move With Ya Lol j/k!!
I was craving larosas so I made calzones, but they didn't quite live up to my expectations.
MarketsandMarkets: Global Laser Technologies, Components &amp; Applications Market ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Union Station, its Ficelle day! Spread the word & stay hungry my friends!!!
Engine Room are so tight!!! All live playing... Records don't get made like this anymore...LIVE in the studio. and I have two of them
def! Got any sketches?
Now following!
“: lol I'll give yu a piece hahaha I don't know about a whole meal 😭😂😭”Say That Then All I Want Is A Sample 😂
is drinking and broom riding illegal
And the same to you! Cheers
Ran 13 miles on the bugline this am for #mkelfmarathon training. Felt great, except that it poured on he way back.
reason 1) your a woman
I heard something about a rumor on KSR today but Matt wouldnt talk about it...no idea what the rumor is but curious.
Our 5th Annual Chili Cook-Off will be Nov 5! More details later!
Test over. Game time in 6 hours
Norfolk State was right on time for HBCUs, and maybe O’Quinn gets NBA look if he wasn’t set for 1 before. At least an invite to Portsmouth.
lmao haven't even been actin hard Change your name to lame-cris to whatever as long as you aren't besmirching name
hm men fashioned well in tights and bright colors?
Breakfast dinner with :)
Happy to be here! #GoReds ": Tonight's crowd will be the second-largest non-Opening Day crowd in #GABP history (regular season)."
That scared the fuck outta me !
don't remember, but wasn't it something about our lives sucking.
Being sick is no bueno. On top of that I think I'm losing my bestfriend.
We Gone Gang Them Okay! # MexicanStyle !
I stand with those who fight for the right to marry and pursue happiness and equality, NO MATTER one's sexual orientation.
Angels score, lead Yankees 1-0 in the middle of the 3rd inning.
If you dont follow and you need to now
Thank you, Festa friends!!
#datenight,, he wuz impressed how I lead convo bout him, tnite it's about moi entitled 20 questions. Wish me luckys
Going to tonight in Chicago. Saw them soph yr at Barrymore. Walked back to campus cuz we didn't realize how far it was
I would never pay for pussy
New year new health with preventative health care.. massage can reduce stress reduce tension release trigger points and much more!call today
what do they do with the rest of the pizza that's left over
Well shit. I forgot to do my stats homework last night. Good thing she drops our two lowest scores.
that's hilarious!
💁 girl you know 😜 RT : #Gemini's are very talented, smart people.
I think I figured out our primary connection Roland Wurt Blessings M
Today in procrastinating: finally placing a picture of me as my Twitter profile pic.
as you prepare for your birthday? do you think? rumored things but I would like you to know
i gave a chick my number today and she was wearing aeropostale.. i really need to question the direction my life is going
- she had Stephen Moore and John Bolton on back to back. Its uber right-wing AND boring.
RT #Aquarius will love one but be loved by many
thanks for mentioning our fair city of Philly! PA Hort Soc has great books for community gardening; hints whole country can use.
www.theouterspacemen.com The best new graphic novel available. You have to pick one up while supplies last.
wtf is up with this weather
Join us at Patterson Park on June 30 @ 12p for 9 home dedications! We'll be on the Baltimore St side between Luzerne Ave & Lakewood Ave.
"A good idea without action is worth nothing."
Thursday, May 5: Production of Nasal Without Ocular Signs and Symptoms in an Allergen BioCube (D883) from 11:15AM-1:00PM.
Good Morning!! Welcome back to another excited Monday.. Today is the day to make new paths that will create history.
ICONic Boyz we da crew we be coming up and saying how do ya do? Apollo theater we were there also seen at madison square (c)
#FollowWhatIsItSundayNow? Because she has the same name as me! To be fair, she probably had it first. Seems pretty neat regardless!
For sure! It'll be fun :)
Happy to be back after an awesome vacation with family and friends!
Tha Breaks will put a link to my review so you can read how great I thought the DVD was, cuz it rocked and so do u!
Granite is very resistant to scratching and etching making it a great choice for flooring and countertops.
#liesthatalwaysworked "Oh nah. We're getting a divorce. No worries."
No regrets, just take a deep breath and go for it.
really?! When do they go on sale??
New brown Ford Exp just now parked in driveway at the new Extreme Makeover home in Knoxville. Reveal is at 10:15 this morning.
So annoying
YAY! RT : WOW! We just reached the 5 MILLION mark for patrons served. Thanks as always for your fantastic & continued support!
Musicians use mobile marketing to tell their fans where they'll be playing. www.zesmo.com
welp we learned somthing new about amanda or amando i should say
"Easter spells out beauty, the rare beauty of new life." S.D. Gordon
CRASH: Cornelius Pass near US 30, overturned tractor trailer and wires down on school bus
Murda she wrote...*slow wine slow wine slow wine*
RT : Answer: tax cuts RT Question I wanted to hear: What is your grand strategy for the U.S. over the next 30 years?
"Are you happy?"
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS??? I tried to find you on my lunch break here in Chitown!!
RT : Careful, that's how my friend turned into an alcoholic.
Doing body shots with Marissa & the guys! <3 HAPPY 21ST Josh!!!!! Let's all get wasted! (:
Thank you very much for the Student Writing Contest RT
thanks so much.
oh, creepy, crappy b-movies that are secretly awesome: my kriptonite!
Great #Michigan shout out during by .
Booming thunderstorms + coffee+ warm cat in my lap + a story that's on fire = perfect #amwriting day. Let it roll.
Im sorry Slim, I tried
There is no distance as far away as yesterday-download- InSpotter mobile app
ill clean :)
Feels like a good day
RT if you have feet or legs or hands!
a pretty manicure makes a perfect first impression!
thanks so much for the follow! If I can ever help with a new mattress or some new furniture please let me know!
That's good that you realized it though. Some people don't and they say it to be cool!
We also still have senior t-shirts! $10 💙
,ur just a DUMB mother fucker ! :)
When life hands me lemons...I do shots of tequila.
#Celtics 0-18 from three point land so far over the first two games...really miss Ray Allen
At setting up and uh honors college's production of Aristophanes' The Frogs. Free tickets at the door!
well hey - I'll be in Texas next Monday thru Dec 2 - come down to Austin and have thankgiving w/ jacy and I if you want!
RT : I would have to say its better to go to school then staying home.
Stop by booth today at #DCIDUG #Adobe #CS6 event in #Washington DC today and enter our booth raffle for an Apple iPod touch.
- welcome to the space party!
make sure you don't trade some ink for an old Jersey...
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Luuv ett (:" by Cristina
Do you think Tulsa has good musicians/bands to offer? Tell us who you think they are...
Thank you so much! Our guests and clients are our top priority! We hope to host your future events for you!
I'm antsy for tomorrow...so glad its game day..
Have fun in class :)
lmaooo all my unfollowers are ugly middle school girls that like all my fb pics
Firework or On the FLoor or Grenade or Rolling in the Deep or Born this Way? ROLLING IN THE DEEP
Is it an autobiographical movie?!
That Soul commercial with hip-hop #hamsters and #robots #dancing to acid-induced #techno music scares me. I absolutely hate it.
wish washington can figure the debt ceiling & balanced budget w/out putting their constituents in the middle!
When you say "magic," you mean race-baiting and blaming the media for his adulatory, right?
RT : have tickets tomorrow am RT : ONE DIRECTION
Awww Zully hopefully tomrow in PE is as FUN as Today first time we all hung out
Good morning #VO tweeters! I feel like such a sleep pig. 10-hours! I'm embarrassed... just a little. :)
Well at 8 a.m. October 25, 2011 it looks like Harold Miller the elected President
Come by Bark! in Olney on Saturday btwn 12-4pm to try samples of Max & Ruffy's - including our 3 new grain-free flavors!
Bristol Palin She needs be quiet President Obama is doing the right thing
What you see is what you Get
If they target some more kid friendly activities, then I'm sure you're right.
It's so complicated :/!!
"Your shower has a terrible UI." -- things says to you when he crashes on your couch.
Kinda glad I didn't buy a Bonnaroo ticket this year, the schedule is all whack. Who puts The Civil Wars and Bon Iver on at the same time?
random stomach pains << 👎
LUV makeovers RT : I'm a judge on #MillionDollarMakeover on tomorrow /6c! W/you be tuning in to catch the drama?
I feel like if ur a local artist u should always be humble cus ur not makin big money u tryin too till ur known outside ur state stay humble
Your anchor holds - always. Be blessed KI.
You'll destroy my street cred. Thanks again, and no bar fights... (just something i say, not meant as other than). Truly, MM
so just thought you should know it is one hour before you hafta wake up..and i'm just now getting in bed ;)
thanks Adam! :)
I want to give a shout-out to the Toledo Mud Hens!
Social networkers will interact with an organization that provides value and entertains, informs, instructs or educates them
It's #divetime with ya
#rip Junior Seau. Wow. Forever the hometown hero.
I just want a B. you're only like a couple of points away. You can do it!
Follow all the updates for InterActivity 2011 this week in Houston, TX with hashtag
RT from Iran: Tehran is alive with the sound of people on their balcony shouting 'Allah Akbar - Ya Hossein - Mir Hossein '
Going to be doing a photo shoot soon, again. Lol What should we do? Any themes or crazy ideas? What you guys got?
While I have not walked to his door, I have this similar conversation repetitively at most doors. Talking about real issues and...
good point sir.
no snow but nice having everyone together...
Soo excited for the Brewers game on Sunday. 350 people will be rockin purple!!
I mean that in the classiest way though. Lmao
Very sorry for you.
sissy call/txt me we gotta tlk
I went to catholic school and neighborhood kids messed with us
I love how supportive my guys friends are when I'm upset.
I wanna see!!!! “: Can't find a way to secretly photo woman w cheetah coat, zebra gloves, tiger scarf. #DCisAJungle”
I am who i am, dont judge me(;
yes very true I got one
I got you bra need email
Tomorrow is going to be amazing. I just know it.
#Beautiful. Truth.
Ben Franklin said: He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money. And I will! -Trog
RT : 91% of the web will be taken over by video by 2013.
RT : Been meaning to say this: was a killing machine in Colombiana. LOVED the movie! U want action? It's no joke!
Did you know Darth Vader is a bad guy ... but he is smart?
Agreed. Here at USC, the thunderclaps were followed closely by shrieking.
Back in Jan I told a patron I wouldn't kill her for overdue items. Months later, still not here. I'm reconsidering.
Happy birthday girl! Hope it's a great one!!
Never before has it been so important to be grounded and intentional and to know what's important.
Thank you! See you all soon!
Love Wade's accent ah
#Lakerfans hahahahahahahaha (sinistervoice) lol maybe next time...good game..we gave ya'll a lil' hope and then took it back. lmbo
sadly lol for a minute there I felt like Justin Bieber
I hear too many people saying "Junior Seau NEVER missed a game with a concussion." Means little, possibly nothing.
An invigorating day of moviemaking with the women. Characters, timeline, plot structure all falling into place -- and beauty tips to boot.
Can't trust anyone anymore.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. (Abraham Lincoln)
#waystomakemehappy even if I know you don't, try to take an interest in the shit I enjoy
Woke up this morning to news Donald Duck Dunn passed. Going to pull a couple records to play this evening in remembrance. Play on, friend!
doh im a terrible joke teller im more funny when im just shooting the shit lol
That's cause u don't follow it...UFC main event tonite was 2 top 10 contenders, check numbers Monday
too bad! That is def the future!
No idea. Awesome shot though!
Just got done delivering catering to 2 different places in Greenwood that's right Scotty's Brewhouse Downtown goes EVERYWHERE! Love it!
Same with me in soccer, every Summer Olymp - oh wait... :(
My little cousin thinks that British people are mythical creatures. THERE'S a future genius.
: You helped me thru dark hours, Video Americain (Charles Village location).
yes. I always knew you were a nerd but now I can categorize and profile you as a calendar nerd
you left me for a girl who didnt even want yo ass. how dumb do you look.
Bam. Mr. Barnes
Links are up for every game tonight on the NHL go to www.watchnhllive.com register and gain full access to all your hockey games enjoy!!!!
Everything can have a positive spin. #erl12 Does positive spin include laughing at the absurdity of it all sometimes?
I'm not at all sure intentionally putting the disadvantaged on your rich former neighbors doorstep is doing any good at all.
Ah sunshine!!
Welcoming Hulu and Pandora back into my life. Almost forgot they existed
Where I need improvement: technology, assignments for students who finish early, PD, and classroom management
"Want people not to notice your ums? Be interesting." I like that. Enjoying and finishing up 's book Um...
Got her bein lowkey my bros always blessing the bitches dat is...
Love David West's passion. He was a MAN at Xavier back in the day
😳 I'm wide awake
IKR!!!!! im a super fan!! thanks 4 noticing!
what is your favorite photo of cameron boyce? Post it!
Only would tell us to trend #BOYFRIEND10DAYS at 3am in Texas lol :) #cantwait!
Lovely lunch chats at Next up is making the case for hybrids. ( still not a fan of that name, but the idea is awesome)
You can count on it. Plenty of Frog madness and Sandbar action that weekend.
Your work is truly inspiring! Thanks for following me. :)
Music soothes my soul
Life's goes on and so do you.
Next up, Kathy Vinson of Suffolk, who teaches legal writing. Talking about communication, cooperation, and collaboration.
Any of you Nashville folks going to the Downtown Art Crawl tonight?
I can't think of anything more boring than watching "How it's made". How bout watch a show about how to do something you can actually do?
Favorite non pornographic magazine to master bate to
thank you! I booked that particular show through Stella Jay Model Management :)
So bored
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven(;
I can't come to work today. My car's airbag deployed while I was driving. I think it was because I was going about 85 and abruptly hit a ...
thanks bro!
Watching Sixers-Bulls... doing a great job on the mic
Blown away by the response to pre orders. We've almost reached our goal and it's only day two. God is so faithfull. Thanks so much everyone.
The Knicks were not tough at all. And I said this. Indy has that
Watched an 8 foot alligator swim by our deck on vacation this morning. Very cool. We're not going to go wading here, though. :)
part of your world.
E-mail me at nhusain14[at]gmail, if you have more questions. I went through a LOT of pro-con lists.
None of the grannies who reviewed this state quarter folio on Amazon mentioned that it had no slot for Puerto Rico. Thanks, racist grannies.
Hey tony.. I'm Tyler i mean Tyler wtf...
Thank you!
best of luck today at demo day. Represent hard!
haha who are you married to? I know, this is a tough one :P
RT : . just had their fastest day of 2012! They're on pace 2 finish late this week& break the female speed record
Chicago Couture Fashion Show.
you need to update your status from Wonderland. LOL.
Finally in San Antonio! Now eating a late lunch!(:
Simple pleasure is having your dog look up at you from your lap.
Just arrived in Colorado Springs. It's a balmy 25 degrees outside. Not snowing today, thankfully.
There's no need to lie, just "Act" in real life! Kidding! Jeez! ;)
Custom Designed #Postcards for Your Business Only $50! Call Today!
MITB had a great element of intrigue but not near the level as this PPV
“ "We may have all come on different ships, but we’re in the same boat now." #MLK”
Same here...I am not really to sure how to use it, looks like I will have to invest some time in teaching myself!
Watching the #SOTU again... just because...everything else can wait
GUYS!! FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!! FOR THE 5TH TIME!!! FOLLOW ME BACK1!!!!!
Sorry about that.
You not all that just cause yo ass fat :/
Celebrating success stories from the past year. Our students have been accepted to: Tulane, Roanoke, Elon, ODU, Univ. of Michigan...
Haha I know. I've lose the twaddiction that I had. RT you're barely on twitter lol :)
FREE Consultation by appt only
That was fast!! Awesome!!
is getting big everyday follow yall
Erickson gets Molitor, Yount and Cooper to start this game. Doesn't happen often! No score in Minnesota.
I hope POTUS reads your posts.
oh okay you better be dont have me come spank you
If im late. Im tellin my mom bj better wake up earlier, or we're leaving him..
haha, maybe i will! Maybe I could make a windsail and wear it like a big shirt...
well thank you!
you've been down now its time to Get Up :)
Ugh go to bed, zinester. Thanks, KUNM for playing some badass music tonight! Nos da . . .Z
#DearGod thank you 4 another day to pursue my passions & fulfill my purpose. Give me the patience to deal with people & a heart of humility
#ItsAmazingHow Someone that makes more money than you can still be jealous of you!! I guess money can't buy everything!!
Hell hot weather
there will be refreshments of my finest tapenade and a creamy soufflé for dessert!
Ppl Damn ppl! YE
Bitch Please, You Went From Duck Duck Goose, To Fuck Fuck Loose. You Went From Ring Around a Rosie, To Fucking All These Homies
we could grab a coffee tomw, early afternoon? Does that work at all?
ah haha omg I haven't even done it yet -.- I think I'm not going to do the RD, just the FD lol.
I'm going to send some your way...i don't think I have you a parting gift ne ways lol
when you put it like that neither can I
It's International Women's Day so I'm cooking dinner fo' my man to celebrate.
most definitely.
come party in south beach tonight :)
Thanks for hopping right on that report! As for the other request, hm...
And it's people like me who make the NFL so wealthy.
Joey is too good for that show!!! He can do loads of other stuff instead (IMO) :-)
watching cold case
#confessionnight ... One of the reasons why I wear so many bracelets is cause i feel like I have weird wrists...
Happy Friday to you!
Taking me forever to read Mockingjay. Omg.
so glad the weekend is here..hope everyone has a great one!☺
I was born alone and....
D: hahaha that can't be true
I swear u still owe me some panera bread lol
How many years ago did that come out, like 4? Also those who are unaware, that is how much anime used to be priced. $30-$40 for 2-4 eps.
Off to the #ScienceExpeditions! Will YOU be there?
HAPPY WEDNESDAY!!!
beer bash
There would be yard work for me to do as soon as I got home
Play games and lose.
ESPN needs to clean house! The question is who do you start with, Digger or Bobby Knight?
thanks for the update Lis!
You greedy fuck.
The family is frosting Christmas cookies and I'm just watching.
starting to realise richpublican ideas don't work. About damn time!
I also can't wait to be in a bunch of ridiculous commercials!
I. Love. You. SO. Much.
Rock will probably ganna be so stupid he will write his notes on his forehead oh wait he won't he will have his assistant do it
We are too!! RT “: Looking forward to TV powered by !”
thanks bud! got one working now!
YURI, audition with me for TopCollab :DD
Testing Twitter API
No I did not fart.
RT We support u support us! I don't support the sleep on the job, be rude to customers, pay more get less #MBTA slogan :(
#nowplaying Eminem feat Rihanna-Love the way you lie
he should gain some of that back
:) Thanks 4 the support
Thanks Beenie! He should be fine with the antibiotics!
The lines were installed using eminent domain and/or government right of way.
Maverick Graphic Novel Committee always wears capes & masks @ conference. My 2nd time to don mine. I like being a superhero!
#prsawebinar Do you have any examples of social media succession plans? I think I need to move ours from my desktop to the server!!
Thanks for the feedback! We were so busy focusing on the service, it seems we forgot the obvious....lol. All updated. Thanks!
"It's legendary, we got Etta James featured on there, so it's crazy.". —Flo Rida told MTV News about the collaboration
What I meant was this guy is fantastic, not some Humber shit.
The Steve Williams chatter about Tiger begins...
Acoustic instruments are pointless.
Was in the area of Roosevelt/Canal about a couple hours ago. Didn't go there to see the trains though.
Brr its chilly out
Studio 164 is Open! Stop by and Say Hi! Lots of new stuff at great prices for October!!! See you Soon!
would love to get in touch with you and write about your commercial. Please email us at if interested
who wants to whip their hair with me? ;) reply to this if you do :D
just proves military wives/moms can do it all. Don't think my husband would attempt the drive with even 2 of our kids.
Very Soon :-) RT : I got all excited for a sec b/c I thought this tweet referred to Brandon's music! :-/
No comprendo chemistry ):
i doing it big
Masturbatory schedule is ok but shark week is off limits?!? Color me confuzzled. Apologies, m'lady. Xoxo
Ran it today. I'm tired. Thanks though!
RT : Make that special day more stress free by checking out our wedding showcase group.
its birthday today and it would mean the world to her if you followed her! :)
I hope you're not tweeting and driving.
if you thought NPR would say somehting about Juan Williams' comment, you don't know who they are.
i thought it was 2 Moro. Ok I'm there!
just did your survey ...interesting
Great convo w/ my cousin #iMiss her I guess I'll be going to #MorenoValley nxt week :)
all 3 of them were :)
You will live in Apartment. You will ride in a Red Helicopter. You will marry Jordashian and have 13 kids.
you're roommates are the best! What a gesture! Mime offer to buy me coffee in the AM sometime but that's my extent! 
i put my phone on airplane mode and threw it in the air worst transformer ever
Just got back home..was Justin on Ellen already?!!!??
So tired, thank god I'm only working 4 hours today
Let me know your graffiti picture
"#immigration was never an issue until these men made it an issue," says woman from Alabama
FOLLOWING YOU BRUH BRUH.. FOLLOW BACK :D
": (706): Screw them and thier engaged asses. I've got liquor to drink and boys I don't know to make out with."
all good points and they may point to poor mgmt, but not necessarily corruption. seems rather tame compared with SWC or SUHSD
Expeditious Process Servers in Sacramento, CA 916-509-0677
OKAY sounds good! Then Bring it to school...so I can get that on a flash drive!
Thanking God 4 blessing me with a new day. :)
Teehee! RT "Everyone wants my seal approval, instead of my walrus of condemnation."
Any fans? "Safe & Sound" from the movie soundtrack w/ & is coming up soon!
Had a gr8 time, thx for the opportunity to taste the wines, esp. the delicious cool climate Syrahs!
: Devote yourselves to PRAYER with an ALERT MIND and a THANKFUL HEART. Colossians 4:2
Thanks for the interview link tweet shout-out! :)
As it turns out, a lot of those opinions aint worth rat shit. Looks like you have a bunch of worthless opinions.
SINGING FOR THE PRESIDENT amazing BELIBER FOREVER!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 48
people please train your dogs the right way
#GiantsMobile Do Something!!!
10% OFF meal w/ drink (not valid during Home Game Weekends) at Po Boys. Only w/ a
Faith is put to the Test at the point that all seems helpless! Believe to Persevere!
- just saw you all over American Idol tonight! Amazing job! So much fun!
Its that time of the year !!
ya all of that and getting your college applications started especially your essay
Who's in your final 4? I got Ky, Uconn, KU, Pitt.
Snow coming in on Thursday. :( It's not a good winter for those who work outside. Praying that some indoor jobs come in for K.
ok good night
So proud of for winnig last night I love you <3 Biebs
if you dont follow me im telling ur mom!(:
We just spent 5mins talking Chicago mix popcorn and why the caramel is always on the bottom, its heavier than the cheesy.
lol too late for that...
#Jamboree Breakfast with Thomas MacEntee "21st Century Marketing for #Genealogy Societies.
TRAFFIC: Disabled Vehicle In Traffic - NB Stoughton Rd under the Beltline bridge
Still planning blogging/tweeting of Inaug. Some details to work out still.
Posted in vip wit
Some days I just wanna be left alone.
huh, interesting choice. america is waiting with baited breath... and watching a guy in a t-shirt text and do a sound check.
more sweet boots ?!
nun wanted u to come outside but u not home
lol...if i could really type, I would have over 1 million tweets by now for sure!
Your right man! Neighbor's are real close. Sucks big time. I'll be doing some acoustic covers soon at a friends house.
Cool, rainy day... I'll take it.
Make sure you have July 10th at the Hard Rock Nashville marked down in your calendar! Gonna be a great show :)
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Invest...Everything In Maintaining & Protecting Anything You Love."
hahahahahaha oh bless
Why thank you!
good, I love it too! Sorry it took me so long to reply, I've been doing homework nonstop haha
yeah huh!
Bachelor on The Bachelor (while stepping off of a helicopter) - "These more down to earth dates are nice!"
cool, I'll see you there
Fabulous.... But what about the "Calendar Invites" and "Meeting Makers"?
Carl Jung, via Manfred Kets de Vries: "The least of things with meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it"
the playoffs will do that to you!
Tweet about you everyday, but never does a tweet come my way,
OVER A MILLION!!!!<21
Make your optimism come true. ~Author Unknown~
split a 1.54.9 in the 800 free relay, not too bad for a breaststroker
What is the best lake in Wisconsin to spend a summer day at?
You don't sag pants for niggas too see the belt you tuck your shirt in
'Hell & Back Again' nominated for #Oscar! Congrats + thx for exposing real traumas of war, returning home.
You are terrible at singing. Hehe! JK! HAPPY APRIL FOOLS DAY!(;
I never use the rt shift button. Id much rather press the left shft with my left pointer and reach over with my rt hand
I'm Hungry
Ahh you're a sweetheart :)
well, it's on FB too, so she might see it. She was wondering why you stopped texting her as well.
Everyone says I am a happier person but for some reason I don't feel like it !! :/
CAN YOU PLEASE BE MY FIRST FOLLOWER!!!!
Weird. Mine works just fine in Chrome.
I am not mad at you I'm just jealous.
Donna and Joey are going to be working in the shop today, and if your furry mate has their ich on, we are here to help..fleas beware!! :P
by the way its #wuwednesday in honor of Ol' Dirty - Now Playing Brooklyn Zoo
Would you like to join us and learn more about playing the piano?
Strengthen your close by anticipating potential objections the audience may have and providing solutions to them.
Omg :') I wanna cry for #Adele . I don't care what anyone says, I'm her biggest fan!
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. - Nelson Mandela
New Rule: Passive aggressive behavior learned on twitter should not be used at home.
can u follow back please? Thanks!!
Congrats Big Time Rush is the number 1 TT! YES! :D
Medicine Discounts - Save up to 45% - Pathmark - AZITHROMYCIN TAB -
Put the lover of justice to shame with your compassion. - Saint Isaac of Syria
Also... we love when people say thank you! So thank you for saying thank you!
If you want to impress me, bring me cheese itz, but not the school kind they taste like dirt. (The ones from the school store are good tho)
Gotta get this day started
what link when I applied for them and I have know link:/x
thank you for following us
Well if I was in your position, I'd put down all my ammunition, I'd wondered why'd it taken me so long.
Don't U Hate When Someone Asks U To Do Something Then Complain On How U Do It? UH, BITCH I AINT HAVE TO DO SHIT 4 U IN THE FIRST PLACE, TF?!
RT #live4theholidays for a chance to win an Amex gift card. Winner selected daily Must follow to win
Amare SUCKS! Injury or no injury the man has horrible hands and cannot pass for shit
At the lake watching H town!
agrees pere is the beer that changed the way we look at GI..our fave of their belgian bottles offerings fa sho
It's nice to have a job where you're actually bummed instead of thrilled when your boss doesn't come in. Mine works harder than any staff.
#FF Runners w/ words of encouragement
Free Math Help is being offered at the Main library on March 4th and 25th at 2pm. All ages are welcome and no registration is necessary.
I rather enjoyed that. Thanks.
So excited!!!!
Cocktails is on the rooftop gardens tonight! Countdown to 5:30 begins...
last pt, he was out partying/dancing the nt after elimination. If that'd been melo he would've been crucified.hegotapass
This Annie is excited to hear about Fall 2012!
Thanks for the mention!
Things are fantastic. The Missouri sun is shining and im breathing. Things are looking good.
Sasha baron K 4 role in the richie farmer movie
more doom and gloom at De Lange: "The public perception of higher education is at a low point" (waiting for the turn in the talk)
It's Friday! TGIF! What are your weekend plans?
Seek the lofty by reading, hearing and seeing great work at some moment every day. ~ Thornton Wilder
show tonight @ the London Billiards & Club Oasis Worcester, MA with Lost In The Paradox, Bomb Pilot, Outa-my Mind, and ROOT NINE 8pm $10 18+
Congrats to Kamin Personett for winning the 2 FREE ticket contest to the Radio 104.5 5th Birthday Celebration show!!!
The US is the only place where you see obese ppl in a line for "starving people". How are the hungry, the homeless, the unfed, so fat?
No need to guess - just look at those gorgeous pics! YOWSER =D #salsa shaking sistahs!!! HA!
I NEED A DRINK!!
Don't get me wrong, UW is the best school ever, but sometimes I wish I went to a southern school...
A plan creates creditability giving courage to those who carry it out.
Of wood extracted from forests, 53% is used for energy production, 28% used by sawmills. Only 11% is used by the paper industry
wow this is crazy sometimes :'D
I wouldn't forgive you, then again I can be a bitch sometimes
Magic's group getting the for $2B! Guess they're not afraid of the MLS taking off in the US and ousting MLB
The sun is out!!
Great time on the #TakomaPark house tour this afternoon. I love the fact that TP houses are mostly shown in their natural, lived-in state.
All I want to do is golf
omg im so sorry, we can now. :) my cousins here tho, if you dont mind..
Producer/Songwriter Eric Ayers came through Silverwood tonight to work on a song for gospel legend, Dorothy Norwood's new project
"I'm never naming my child Dick" - my 13 year old sister
#ThingsICantLiveWithout chocolate my bible, & romantic movies
This is worse than the time the raccoon got in the copy machine.
Rangers vs. Capitals. 3OTs. This game feels like it might go on forever. I'd be OK with that.
Come to the One to One Rockin ' Rally tonight! SD#1 NKY, 5:00 Fun Food Fabulous Doorprizes!
Congratulations ! Hooray for real jobs!
Mention me if u love texting
Ready to lay down
Little does , he and I are going to have our very own Madonnathon.
me either
My boys our on my mind like crazy. lord plz keep them safe and I know everything happens for a reason and now I truly see the Man he is
“Whoever thought a tiny candy bar should be called fun size was a moron.” ― Glenn Beck
Why couldn't league do this when we were winning last week
I don't want him working period. Rumor has it GS5 found him dead asleep yesterday somewhere in the garden.
Thought I already had but I had not. Now I have! :) , I think you're awesome and I wish you weren't eliminated!
What section you in lovey?
Me and my dad are huge fans it's his birthday can I get a retweet
Only Nigga In First Class
A hour away from DC
Used to watch the Dick Van Dyke Show on Nick at Nite.
This is going to be a very VERY long day.
ha ha! ;) good one
E-Waste scares us over
#FF to my lovelies that make me smile every day :)
haha awhh last weeks ep of secret life was so cute <33
yes completely
I feel you because your always up on your feet hope you got your rest: ) xoxoxoxoxo
Every time!
As soon as I get the information I will try !!
I can't go either , it sucks that we are this far away from cali...
that's my favorite lunch spot and I've never seen you there once!
Happy Mother's Day and future mama's
Stuck in bed with Kelly. She's got her legs locked around me with a vice grip. Pays off to be hot when your girlfriend is cold... :-)
yeah, it should match fine!
YOU! Appalachian accent so that you can do WHAT?! This is why I love you!
If Obama likes Story of the Year i'm sure he would like us. Maybe he can fire the corrupt ohio gov't and hire us!
Once I'm yours; I'm yours forever.<3
yea that is really cool. I only watched it cuz of nick jonas haha. It was good tho, i just didnt know what was going on.
A people-pleasing personality is more of a curse than a gift in my book.
you worry bout the wrong things.. #behappy #findfaith!
Your goal should be to ask the Lord to straighten you out and remove anything that is not like Him.
Fieke, thanks for recommending me for FollowFriday. I just joined your list of followers!
Sexy all-day no makeup add only gloss you feel me ahaa still the best
But you're cooler than the guys in here!
Sunday hangover
#FF to our favorite Old Style bars, and
(Konrad Adenhauer) We all live under the same sky, but we don’t all have the same horizon.
yeah i didnt really get that part either. maybe if they could do simple math they could have prevented this?
Welcome back #pbc12! Have coffee on H&H Book Pros if your the first 5 to mention this tweet at their booth for a FREE $10 Starbucks card!
lol when is it?!
Only I could go to a bar with 3 guys and leave by myself hahaha... Such is my life lol
After we get pizza hut. I'm hungry
RT HULK WANT CAR RUN ON THORIUM LASER BUT NO THINK THOR GIVE UP HAMMER FOR FUEL. GET HAIRCUT HIPPIE!
just in Chris "birdman" Anderson was breastfed until around 3 years of age...now he's addicted to child porn, do the math America..!!
Hope you all have been appreciating your mothers these past few days actually everyday you should be! They brought you to life! Be thankful!
Osama Bin Laden is dead
I think I was drugged. WEESNAWWW.
: something is stopping me from Following you back.. I dunno what's up.
NHL 11 demo out!!
Much appreciated RT : You are welcome. I love you food !!!! Keep up the great work!!
Quick 7-0 run to start the game!
To me, this infographic just shows that we're dedicated to our craft, and the brands we work with. #NotABadThing?
#Bananas #Charlotte. Welcome #Chiquita to the Queen City. The city you can't resist.
but its good becauseyour dreams are just dreams
Congrats to and for winning #trivia! Ruth Wakefield invented the C in the 1930's on accident. Best accident ever!!!
Who's Grace?
WISH I WAS AT HOME MAKIN BEATS!
Probably could make more money braiding and kinky twisting... Just don't have the patience!
I don't mind, it's the
This wknd in FTL we've got Polka Dots & Pearls tonight & is in the house Saturday for GI Joes & Military Hoes
thanks for the follow! Look forward to working with you!
RT marketing & social media GURU ~100,000+ Friend/connections! Don't miss out, follow him!
I completely forgot about it! We found the certificate, so it's all legit there. I'll send you an email about it.
Solo lunch with Achebe's THINGS FALL APART, lovely!
that's what it seems like, but yet the rhetoric around the whole thing is "what about the farmers?"
Heading to on Sat. for a show with Happy to perform the tunes featuring from Boca's new album!
sending you a dm :)
thank you!
hello friend
Why is finding a belt SO hard??
Weather is so nice today in NY, feels like summer!!🌴
I just looked at a video on NipplesAndNuts.com and realized I need to find my vibrator--- Plz Message Me
Hahahahahaha! I made fun of Demecio for using then instead of than! *high five* Kat!!! ;) <3333333
#Iamgrateful for all of those who have chosen to connect with me on this Twitter platform.
why ultra critical?
Okay I'll Send It As Soon As I Get A Chance(:
Ice cream, a movie, then bedtime #GoodnightBeautifulPeople - XavierLT.com
Great leaders practice followership. Is whistle blowing part of great followership? Visit www.mikehensley.org for more.
#HighSchoolMemories I met my first real girlfriend of 3 years strong.
My anxiety was way too bad last night...
work then hanging
well I don't want to have a party this year. So probably just like movies dinner and then a sleep over lol Idk we'll plan it.
It's a pro race. Only major teams are invited to race. I'm just going to watch it up close and personal :)
Fact: A normal American is 23 lbs overweight and has $16,000 in credit card debt.
Do you Have A boyfriend
Forever dropping my iPhone on my face. 😒
's advice: get the google spiders to find you! feed your online brand. own your name.
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo Laugh at things that Rosie O'Donell says....she's not funny...
POKER FACE!
hey you should check out some of See Jane Rock's music on facebook, I think you'll like it!
okay, thanks for letting me know! hope your trip is okay!
“: Just bought my Drake ticket.” atta boy
- Oops, I spoke to soon. No, we aren't doing them anymore but the are only $3 on Saturday and Sunday. Sorry for the confusion.
what's the book called?
Am I the only American that understands ? Many say it's ignorant comments, but all I see is ignorant responses.
ur like a sister t me nd im protective of people I consider like family t me
When Hockey players don't make it as pros they just become professional punching bags at the local youth boxing club.
most importantly he signed frank herrmann
But hey it's whatever say what u want😏
Something cd related? #alltheway was a suggestion?
Not guna make the denver cruise, but at least I found a good church to go to.
It's time! St. Patrick's Day is here! (Marianyi beer count: 2)
Whoa. RT : I believe it! “: Google exec says ~20% of food in US is consumed in cars" Doesn't offer source
my computer is not fast enough #petpeeve and it's sunny and 85 and I'm working :(
President Obama’s Campaign For 2012 Election Begins
Asian & top, two words that should never be used together in a sentence!
-- done, voted for Sabrina....she sounds awesome and very deserving - besides being beautiful.....
Hey great choice grabbing some Franklin BBQ! Sorry for creeping, but hope you enjoy :)
I need food.
I gotta cut that drinking down some.
Thank you mother for taking me to school since I overslept.(:
I know! yesterday we had to write a product review and I just used material from my blog :P hehe
also, one is too many and a thousand are never enough. Be careful on Yahoo Answers.
is looking forward to kentucky vs kansas tonight! should be a good game! best of luck w ur brackets, friends!
YAY! BIG SHOW'S FIRED! Too bad he'll be back next week.
If Peruvian woman that Van der Sloot murdered discovered his connection to Holloway murder on his pc why can't officials do the same?
Thanks all for voting most viable winner last night! Had a great time. Tx Mike &Jenny. Some great innovation going on in ATL.
All TECH DATA customers call us! We need to ensure you get the best prices available on the market! dont throw margin away! 866-999-4936
thanks for the followback :)
very good work! :) Do you have a affair with football? Lol
again!!! good for her!
I think we're just going to set up an auto-RT on everything writes tonight.
this game is friken awesome!!!!! ~I<3 u this big
Lighting your home properly and with style will make all the difference in your living environment, contact us for a free consultation
It's mah boyfriends birthday
Today's quote of the day, "everybody loves Dick's sauce."
#BackInElementarySchool I was in student council and thought I was so cool
I just wanna break down crying right now...
Please. I laughed out loud on that one.
I am now a master at this one spin thing lol
I am sleepy, bored, and stressed... oh the joys of being a college student....
Thanks for the RT, We are excited to see lots of moms on Sunday!
swear I would've went
Two beers in 90 minutes... I think I made good decisions. :-)
nigga if you don't text me back. c;
Nicholas sparks lol but shit is deep
Thank you for promoting #literacy in #Texas! We appreciate your staff for taking the time to visit about !
Yes! :D Can't wait xD
We are starting our salad reward cards today! Buy 7 get 1 free!
Free Rondo!
“Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, Nor hell a fury like a woman scorned
ok this graduation got boring~_~,# Dissapointed
haven't slept a little tiddly-ass-wink. I need to go into business making strawberry-infused and maple-infused various foodstuffs
All set up Luxury expo in Tyson's Corner, VA! Stop by and enter our drawing for 5 free windows with insulation!
Happy Mother's day, ! Thankful for u! <3
yeah definitely try. i woke up and saw that the 11th was sold out, burst into tears and my mom got my ticket lol.
Excellence rewards excellence, not intentions.
Its wine, fruit and nutella night tonight with my cast - oh yes - seven more shows of #DonQuixote this week coming right up!
was good? working on this music bro!
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. Albert Einstein What can you change today?
was it 48 low
I can see how it seem freaky but think about how much more space we'll have in our pockets lol or in our car trunks lmao
Thanks for the recommendation! Glad you're enjoying the site. :-)
I can't wait to shop this weekendd!! ahh:)
#MBYUNO follow me
Wonder if he WROTE it or did he BUY it again or did someone else WRITE it?
this is #wade team
From 285 to 288, he fought against Germanic tribes along the Rhine frontier
RT : Local businesses support other local businesses. Supporting one supports many. Support your local economy.
#iRemeberWhen Life was easy
Got 99 problems and they all Brantley. Or maybe 98 and they're all Brantley except one is Lolla. But he's the majority of them rn
RT Thanks to ALL! #BrownRiceComedy DVD Coming soon!
can't work on the chest piece today so we are gonna finish my leg piece
It's God over Money cause theirs no such thing as Money over God
I sure have. I also have like 8 versions of it. Yingling has a limited selection down here
He's still "in action" to me! He's just got a different job 2nite to do! #GoPreds :)
KOIN Local 6 News go to Jeff Gianola to see KOIN Champagne bottle
the axe man cometh the axe man taketh..
Noah Puckerman will continue to be the BEST thing about
you pranked us. better watch out. We Beliebers will get you back .
Three: know your self and how you are seeking to grow with a man
1st dance done......still needing a shot of something.
But now I'll go sit on the floor wearing your clothes, all that I know is I don't know how to be something you miss.
I recently became obsessed with "The Supersizers Go" on Cooking Channel. Related: 1970s food looks absolutely terrible.
I am enjoying the hell out of this show.
What Friday night shenanigans is everyone up to? Let me live vicariously through you, I beg.
:) lol Thanks x
You can copy and add flare but, its the original that inspired you
sorry for all the #spam told me its due to lack of usage someone was able to hack me. ill be using it a lot more i promise
The Shit In this Life I Won't do in the Next!
that would be a level-up scenario. Home base. Sleep, infirmary, buy contraband, connections. Could be prison kingpin if u chose
Being caught in those "I'ts not what it looks like" moments.
It feels like we've had three weeks of school left for like a month...every time I look at a calendar it seems like forever till we're out.
y'all need that Locos Taco from taco bell! Dorito taco shell... FTW!
Sometimes I feel as though reading tweets is a pointless waste of time. Then I see one by and that feeling goes away.
everyone is sick
It's just one of those nights i don't wanna be around anybody.
don't be device centric -- democratizing knowledge means getting stuff to all economic classes / micro classes dlf2010
Followed!! :D
everybody has a band
So freaking tired.. 0.o All I want is to sleep
I lost my key so I had to break the window open and it was really hard to open it...never again...I need to get another key.
Glad you found the right culture fit ;)
Chilling at tweet having at great bloody and can't wait to have some great brunch
Either Chamillionaire was a one-hit wonder or he is truly a chameleon and has camouflaged himself into a british lady by the name of Adele.
The first and only, from what I can tell. I wonder how I can find out who the rat is...
We moved! To keep following EWG's food + water Twitter channel (please do!), follow us Why'd we move? Takes >140 to explain.
Easygenerator is presenting twice at next week’s Learning Solutions show in Orlando. See you there!
haha, me too (: well, your talking to me now! you shouldn't be bored! :P
Life life with ni regrets
Dude! Tjmaxx! Why don't I shop here for everything??
I have tickets now!!! :)
Thank u 2 my followers for the love please show some love to she is new 2 twitter thanks
I'd rather be a straight up bitch and stand up for myself, than be nice and walked all over
See which SF Giants players volunteer to support local kids. Paul is on-deck with the Junior Giants league, this Saturday (5/8/10) @ 5:30pm.
Now I can go to sleep 💤💤
is it?? I didn't even know. I wanna go shopping over there.
Magnetic field in radio lobes of cygnus (mainly just substition work)
If you triple text me, you are officially declared a
So very happy my #nagw2011 talk isn't the same time as
haha not actively! But it's always on during the weekend. It also happens to be Lindsay's finest film. And a fab soundtrack
Oo! Where in FL? (says the ex-Floridian-bywayof-NY)
So freakin excited about traveling with to Portland. #IBelieveThatWeWillWin tonight and Saturday :)
Struggling. SAMHSA drug court grant *says* it allows any modality of treatment, but per person costs allowed rule out residential tx.
lol i thought so, poor xavier
Happy Thanksgiving Eve to you all! I am cooking up a storm for the next 24 hours. What's on your menu? Any favorite recipes?
I am a really perfect person. There are just no flaws at all. And I think one of my best features would have to be modesty.
Teen's spontaneous reflection, upon receiving prayer card from elderly great aunt: "God is so 20th Century."
with a 7-59 coaching record this year, Paul Silas would still probably be one game short of even winning a YMCA Championship..lol
when is austin picking the winners for the iPods??
CHASING THE SUN IS THE MOST ADDICTIVE SONG I'VE EVER HEARD. It's been stuck in my head for days!
Hilarious!!! is onstage #GRAMMYs Don't lose that street cred brotha :)
Now your at one of my fav places tonight! I didn't make it this trip.
Self-entitled? She whispered, showed up a song late, and used her blackberry. Oh the horror!!!!
I have a bump on my head associated with klutziness.
the SUPER BOWL!! .. food and commercials yaa buddy :P o ya YOS is spinnin w/ BT on Friday too, but this doesnt pertain to u lol
"Jazz is an eternal mission that transcends all strategy and all intelligence." - Wayne Shorter
Hottest August on record is over! Happy September!!
My babies all have strep...aaaaaahhhhhh, hope I dont have it guess we will c wat da dok says
it wouldn't be a water balloon fight at CSU at 2 am
Today is National Feral Cat Day! Hug a kittie!
If your mate drives a lot, stock the car with his/her favorite snacks.
Bike to work month, isn't so fun when you get stuck in a torrential downpour. Even though I was on a motor bike.
You know it buddy! Me and Scott wanted to come watch but that damn thing called work got in the way
Could #thirstdc have helped?
like wise. Can't wait.
its 2:15am and I'm watching on the singing bee. She's awesome. so is country music.
yes he is and so are u. I almost piss myself everyday read ya'll stuff
$5 bucks says that we end up symposium-ing together. Face it, we all that it's just meant to be.
We only said goodbye with words . . . .
come down now!
The biggest mistake I have made was to let people stay in my life far longer than they deserved to .
need beats? any genre. email me w/details @
Ridiculously rainy and cold. Definitely not pedicabbing weather, that's for damn sure. Day-drinking weather, perhaps...
Another unproductive day
is singing tonight @ Hemmingway's Bistro hemmingwaysbistro.com with Andy Brown on guitar, 6-9pm
*Wanted* Creative Director for a A developer based in the south of the UK, For more information contact .uk
I'll follow you, encourage you.
Agreed! Can I come? RT : In need of a change of scenery. Hmm, where to go ...
Almost got wet by boo!
But that doesn't leave room for the sponsor...
April 3 make sure your registered to vote #Wisconsin and vote
is that high, low, or about what you would have predicted?
i love thomas he so cute :D him and Swagg
I can't wait to visit next weekend for the first time since graduating last May!
Ladies we are in highschool... GROW THE FCK UP!
oh, I WISH we had one of those here! If I send you my address.... j/k sorry about the house thing, hope rest of move was ok!
o~0 *drool*
“: i been told ta call me!”
definitely the cats. Cats kinda freak me out. Lol
An average of 76 people a year die playing twister, and about 23 of which are through playing the nude version!
Had a great interview w/documentary filmaker Melissa Haizlip who is putting her uncle Ellis' legacy on tap. Mr. Soul is coming...
Let's go rangers!! great win last night!
Cant go wrong with the pixies :) How is your trip?
your welcome
peanut butter on toast. sometimes yogurt with fruit.
so my sister just started getting into this tweeting business, follow her!! she's probably 10 times more interesting than me.
Nice name. :)
Busy day ahead...First Script read through for the film we are doing later in the year...and then we are filming at the Arts Centre tonight.
I would rather watch Spring Training Baseball than this terrible basketball game
Went great! Thanks for asking! How about a free 24 month upgrade to 100 Mbps? ;-)
k well atleast I'm not a whooore...
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.278
I was your 900th
Nah. I think I was at work or something that night. You heard about D'Angelo, yeah? Hopefully he comes here.
business business business
Ugly girls be quiet quiet. Pretty girls clap clap like this.
thx bro! Looking forward to you visiting Nash again soon..
you always have to stay on your toes when you're near colfax.
And i Got A Few Numbers. ^_^
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. ~ Helen Keller
me at 153 an u?
hahaha really?? i should tweet more? I thought nobody cared hahaha
Free Salsa Rueda lessons every Thursday at Hot Water!! No Cover!! Come on down and dance!
Thanks for the shout! RT : Hey MKE beer friends - check out - awesome beer fest coming up on June 2!
Do I even bother watching the bills today?
Hope everyone enjoys the festival that begins this weekend!
Can we not take notes for this video?
don't worry I try not to and you don't be one two Kay
Fresh seafood---stop on in and say you saw us on Twitter or Facebook.
I've been so busy lately that I can't even tweet.. :(
thanks for the RT :-)
Adobe Creative Suite 6 launch propels design, Web, and video apps onto center ... - Macworld (blog)
I think there is audience critique in CABIN. But not meant biting AT ALL.
Every where I go the song #BOYFRIEND is always playing! Love the song :]
how was that massage? That's why. :)
The Avengers was so awesome! I really enjoyed Rooney Mara's performance as Loki
Dear person next to me in class, PLEASE WRITE BIGGER.. Sincerely, didn't study 2 people follow me please.. (:
just an FYI, my friend. I don't have a dolphin in this fight.
It's warm AF.
:) thanks for always being there for me :)
Hawks r better than this
2 Chicken Strips, 2 Pizza Sticks, Doritos and a Breakfast Burrito for breakfast
Love right back to you, my dear!
1st thing u need to forget in playoffs is "sample size". No such thing in Best of 7's. Entirely possible for 3 PT shooting to suck a series
Build lean muscle with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Grateful for wonderful friends and family who make it all worthwhile!
Because I possess NO TASTE I don't even know what qualifies as an antique or what one would do with it / them.
thank you
OMG YAY WAS JUST RENEWED FOR A 4th SEASON!!!!!! #daymade :)
lol just scare u
woot! Thanks a bunch!
Honestly, I don't know; my emotions are running everywhere.
Yay! you have a twitter! so happy!
YOU SPELLED MY NAME WRONG!-___- and love you too!
Why did they cut salisbury out? Best part.
Children's museum of manhattan also integrates text for adults into exhibitions - what a great approach to engaging everyone
My gpa thinks he's cool because he can txt now. Larry's texts suck.
Looking forward to being a resume reviewer at #alamw12 next week! Now I just need to get the rest of my conference schedule figured out.
Thanks for the #FF!
why would you fav. my tweet bout the bi girl but 4real tho she followed me and wouldnt let any1 else dance behind me *scared*
I got myself & kids immunized 15-20 yrs ago. When my daughter got chix pox in 2nd grade it was a VERY mild case. Works well!
Check ur email and let me know what you think
Awesome guys i can't wait for the new CD ! (:
Help us finish this sentence; the Outer Banks to me is a second home.
I want a
resume has been worked on all afternoon. Gonna go watch Conan the Destroyer now. Hubby bought both on Blu-ray. lol !
was your response that he's married to brady's sister?
Friday night lights >>>
It´s on 27 of October!!! and my cousin is on 13
is it because I said it's a smart people game. P.S.
Philosophy class and bullshitting were definitely meant to be
Anyone know who cuts trees down professionally?
thanks for following me today!
Not u Princess The Evil Boy
Realized 2-yr-old nephew tweeted link to a Dinosaur Train clip on my phone. He thought you all needed a short video break.
It was! Great to see you today lady.
Don't sit in yer cubicle eating candy all day...come to Classic Slice!
it says that its not accepting new members at the moment!
There Is NO Love Greater Than The Love Of JESUS !
Wish I was on a patio right now enjoying the fantastic New Mexico weather... of course with a cocktail in hand.
See my answer on to: How do i prove retaliatory eviction and what is a reasonable amount to...
New Victorious.
Please remember to pray for the MYC team that is in Haiti!
cuz you mentioned it!
flat boots, skinny jeans, a cute sweater and a scarf
Rule number 34 to pregnancy... Try to avoid being pregnant in the summer time. It's not even may and I'm already dying... 4 more months
Obviously you believe you will retire UNDEFEATED, how many more fights do you think you will have before you RETIRE?
": She wants you to continue doing what you been doing when your first met and don't change up."
Be secure in yourself: in who you are, in what you are capable of, in what you can endure, and in what you have to offer.
Morning Dolls. Have a wonderful Wednesday. Be Greater
should I drop Marshon Brooks for Barea? Thanks!
Balance the playing field by organizing a business that changes the paradigm and spectrum of hate, occupy a piece of the American dream
RT : .'s has yet to mention #SOPA. He must not think it's that important. If we were Hollywood he'd answer
we are following you :)
Haha. I forgot about that account. I haven't had it on my phone since two phones ago (just got another one).
Nice rising over the Sandias tonight, Almost SuperMoon. Less Than SuperMoon sounds so demeaning.
I just wanna see one page, don't really care who is on it lol
RT : Looking for a WordPress dev for ongoing PT work on NYC area, BP knowledge a big plus. Contact me! (plz RT)
see your about 50% better. LOL.
Yummy Beef Shawarma Sandwich @ Jerusalem restaurant by DU, #AAJA Denver meeting. Low turnout, though....
What about them
No one in Oklahoma uses
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life. William Ellery Channing
#yeah that just made everything in the universe feel right
On an old feather bed with the fire goin' good
Just walked by #YeahhBuddyy #SouthBeach This place is dope ,sick St.Tropez vibe and lots of
Would love to talk to some reference librarians using Adobe Connect or Blackboard Collaborate for virtual reference. Are any out there?
This Friday's jazz night is dedicated to the music of the legendary Abbey Lincoln! 6pm to 9pm and the cover is only $5.
Sunday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing (year 'round ET): Palm Beach 1pm, Daytona Beach 1pm, Wheeling 1pm & Mobile 2pm.
can I have $1?
wow ... i know freebird is a longer song, but that must've been a short run :)
Real life Hoarders are not nearly as entertaining.
Thanks Chris, it is my pleasure.
Got my dress, but now Court needs one for Winter Formal. :)
Instead of complaining about the school's policies, make a move and stay informed. Last day to vote for #ASUW elections. Now is your chance.
I really like the tribute to Amy Winehouse, good job Bruno Mars... Imma miss her!!! Her voice was amazing!! ♥
Filly Rachel Alexandra first female to win preakness is over 80 years awesome race
we all need to celebrate with Starbucks !
: Am I glad he has worked thru his issues abt gay marriage? Yup. But they are his issues & won't help in the long run.
no stay with me!
Y'ALL, today my mother turns 37. That's right, 37.
tweeting wbu. Can I get a follow?
we are BYOB :)
Good! Just dealing with school! How are you?
who cares about the fight
Pres Obama will be on May 15th.. Lizbeth is so irritating!
lol Nikki! No, she just hasn't been making any new music lately, she's not dead. Lol
which is how i feel about "ask" for the most part anyway
Room smells like sex...white boy wasted last night.
Crystal lake (:
May you, and Rich and Kate and everybody else have a wonderful Thanksgiving. :D
Traffic sucks and I wish these head aches would go away.
thank you my dear I love you too!
12/17/2010 Marketing Lessons -- From the Grateful Dead? Maine Public Broadcasting Network
Every time I see open wifi, I'm tempted to log in and encrypt it for them. And not give them the password.
Voting for idol on 2 phones at the same time is not as easy as you would think it would be...just saying.
I�ve learned that things change, people change, and it doesn�t mean you forget the past or try to cover it up
RT : Some days you just can't get it going.
Happy mothers day mommy.
I got screwed...
“: at that one party” gna drop kick everyone.
miss you to! Wine night again soon!
am I picking you up?
Such admirable honesty! Trying to help out but sadly not enough space! RT There's nothing I can do for you that you can't...
By popular demand, all of our forums now support #TapATalk as well as #ForumRunner on mobile devices. Just search for them. You're welcome!
My #bulls are killing me right now!
As a Southerner, I have always liked this wisdom: "Consider the source."
Missing them Smh..#seniors its quiet..
they always have these cakes at my work with a billion layers of shit in em. Those are the kinds I like.. Or cheesecake
yeah that's not a good idea, it wasn't today /: ill tell you after
Thanks for the DM. Check out our website for Actor Headshots or PostCards www.HeadshotRepros.com or call w/questions 212-997-1800
Reading Tip: If you buy a book solely on the cover design, you do know the illustrator and writer usually don’t know each other, right?
Thank you, Ali.
You look very sexy as an egg.
School Board mtg starts in 10 min - budgets are the topic so it will be a long one. Being on SB for past 2.5 years is quite an experience.
9 Days Of High School And I'm Gone
#Bahrain's Ministry of Interior claims security forces "found an injured man [Nabeel Rajab]" in "unlicensed protest" & took him to hospital!
hahaha u gotta come to a show soon miss! Or set is pretty bomb now new songs etc.
No reply ,-_-
If we can't have a united front in our own government, how can we ask for one from the world?
Hello Twitter World
“Some people weave burlap into the fabric of our lives, & some weave gold thread.....” (cont)
Why are all the tv channels showing the same thing? What is this? Someone messed up!
Sorry! bit.ly/5g6QUy we're creating Paths on mobile app called Collection Connections based on a theme-mbl vers of link
Sweeping the apartment. Done. Now? Bedtime hell yeah
Its friday im in love.
I'll say! She missed several spots on her neck. What an amateur.
Stuck in airport. Delay is now 4 hrs. Will miss ncaa championship game.
Sittin in Jim Forbes seat!!!! lol
However, he does have beautiful opening sequences
I'm back did you guys miss me?
Check out my Photography pieces over here at
Special Congrats from US to the Warriors Football on a Record Breaking Season!!! VERY PROUD WE ARE!!!!
You're joking, right? Please tell me you're joking...
looking forward to seeing you in the RG again tonight. I'm sure you'll get a warm welcome
lol yeah. He seems mean though
You have a point. And not just the one on your head.
I just started watching Prison Break! I have watched 50 episodes in 4 days I can't stop watching it is so HOT
“: SmartOS and all of its debugging tools are FOSS. There's no vendor lock-in here.”
I think you need to meet re:
I ain't about to put my life on hold for NO ONE and definitely won't put anything before my family SORRY.
yep that's my name.
"hurricane" moving our way
Moving to Austin, idk if it's a good plan or not but don't reall have a choice.........
How the fuck do I put pictures on this shit ??? >_<
just kidding. that is the week you graduate. hahaha
If they don't want to listen to what you have to say... then they wouldn't mind watching you leave.
we straight watched that shit for like 4 hours one time. lmao
Where's Synamon tho ?? Paging Synamon pennington to the principle office....I repeat paging Synamon Pennington to the principles office !!!!
yeahh until you wake up & realize it's reality still slappn you in the face. just promise you'll call if your in trouble.
A stink bug would fly into my room while I'm stuck in bed with a fever... #ScaryShit #HELP :((((
more like Bruno better sing too!!
Trying to study for these last two stupid finals. Chemistry and geometry, my worst subjects.
ya know Dangeous...I miss all y'all and the laughs...
Now I will RT some Assyrians I find on Twitter! <3
I feel the same way sometimes!
Each time I make a breakthrough, it's really scary. I'm getting better at doing it anyway!
“: I found the secret to moisturizing your hair when it's straight. :)” stalking ur TL, waiting for the next tweet
Heading to Blackford High School for another dunk show! Come out & Enjoy!
Easter in the mountains? Alone? Just my family and Jesus and writing and those mountains? Okay.
spray whipcream all over the female body and then you slowly eat it off her while fingering her giving her pleasure.
No... I'm not the only one who sells Hearfones; but I do free shipping so cheaper than on their website
I prefer Texas barbeque instead .
My dog is a star. Go to the Morgan county humane society website. Far left <3
Watching Celb App. I think Michael is doing fine!!!!
alyssa'a party today... i can't wait!!!
Enjoying (me) time with a nice Florida breeze!
you guys are amazing! :D it was worth the waiting
emma uses lexas too!
": Find your inner peace with the Yoga Club on the Oval from 11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m.! #bestdayever "
strange sketch. my imagination thinks that both the cupcake and the unicorn look like they are in pain
YouTube! It works! Finally found a patch that works for macs. I will never have a life again. (Send me those meme-y linky links.)
Just learned to self-publish using ibook author tool. This could change the way our kids learn!
Been there, done that!RT : Nothing ruins a good friendship like telling them how you really feel.
Fania All-Star live at the Cheetah. Low End Theory. Fat Jack Cater to the DJ
you make me proud! =)
I mean is Brandon okay about it?!? I mean did that hurt him in anyway?
March 2013 cool with everyone?
As airfares cool, now's the time to take a break abroad - Times of India
Going to go bowling with my friends later!
Just chilling w/ my hoes love em! Damn today was live but drunk like a mf*
Is anyone truly surprised that Kesha glues stuff to her head?
Im not a Belieber but ..ok.. :)
Slip sliding away in the markets. Making money favors the prepared and hedging techniques. Always need to be early before bids drop.
One of my favorite memories of my wedding day: when my brother in law went to put on his tux, only to find no pants in the tux bag
Awesome, thanks! Had only found Coffee Bar. Hi ! Any suggestions for good laptop cafes in YVR very appreciated!
I love how is working with - big fan!
She smokin on that santa! Lol RT : My aunt is singing jingle bells in may... Such a FOB.
’s RAW has a new takeaway program designed for people on-the-go! Place your weekly order now!
is going movie crazy... does anyone know how to get netflix instant watch to work on a mac?
When do you think it is long enough to know someone before you say "I Love You"?
Thank you!
Just noticed you tweeted our video! Thx! So much LGBT Pride and positive energy coming from Chicago from Mark, SU Class of '11!
Freezn this morning
well then lets text silly ;P
Chris Combs. RT : Who did you hire?
Wish we were in New York!
You are very welcome! lol
I've been slow on the twitter uptake - checking out what all the buzz is about
I will check out the bookapp - might be interesting to some of our Bar/Bat Mitzvah students too. Is it appropriate for teens?
I remember!
I'll take a look at it in the morning. Have to work tonight.
"Success in life is a matter not so much of talent or opportunity as of concentration and perseverance." - C. W. Wendte
well I can't pass out cu I'm djing a party at a club but yea gonna party like a rockstar
Keith Lemons impression of cher lloyd, LOL!
