hope everyone has a productive day
You know you've had a busy weekend when you can't get to Friday night's #SharkTank until late Sunday.
#plazadepanama 2nite! May 3 / 6pm Balboa Park Committee Balboa Park Club, 2144 Pan American Road West in Balboa Park ·Santa Fe Room
I will take 2 of those please... 2 go
i blocked him, just a troll, i do my best to help myself and others, and have over come, i know the "poor mindset" = DESTRUCTION
H ello there stranger!! Happy Saturday! ; )
She's so brave!! Thanks for sharing.
I agree, I hope he kicks us out of there.
you'd be doing a disservice to the world if you didn't ostracize them.
#badass is it really?? Why illegal?
The comedy show this Sunday at The Ice House in Pasadena is going to be crazzzayyyyy!!!!! Look at the lineup on my FB.
Morning twitter world :) got alot on the agenda.text me for event status!!! ->KimBeezy<-
I wasn't tring to be rude (: lol I will edit if you want ! I didn't know you wanted me too lol!(:
I share the sentiment as I'm hoping to have a home office by the end of the summer. Sticky table for now. :)
I played him
A library patron just told me her sex life has been nonexistent for the past 30 years.
Safe on the ground at EWR. :-)
lol nahh It's my twin & my two little brothers
is an actual rave donkee now?
LA (: even though i dont live there i want to meet him <3
Took a couple days off e-mail while visting the family farm in northern WI. Now watching as 356 messages download. Ouch.
out of my ink pen I can always buy more pens. Though I use the disposalable ink pens.The Landscapes theWide wonderful skies I have longed
I'll be sharing them all, for sure! Thanks so much! I'll start on the new stuff as soon as I catch my breath!
omg. i kind of already have a mental plan in my head. :)
#digitalarchivist or #projectcoordinator I'm sure you are doing important work in the archive world.
I speak for all teams to say u r a giant, a pleasure, and a treat (& a tweet)!
oldie but a goodieeeee 😊
That was Bomb! #Freesamlesgalore Sorry I had to get early!
So yea....my boyfriend is waayy cuter than urs ;)
My friend Chuck Blake notes it'd be funny if the stupid _Battleship_ film adaptation featured impassioned, climactic yells of "E-4! F-3!"
Ok people the Oriole Bird is here!
I've been reading the blog his mom writes for a year and a half and it has seriously changed my life.
Marketing You and Your Company on the Internet - Real estate ...
We're here at the hillsboro farmers market. Help up send this rain away.
"Well done is better than well said." - Benjamin Franklin
Can't wait for to visit #Chicago! One week till the festivities begin. Cabbies beware.
Marrice lost I get to cut his Dick off LMFAO
yeah why
Wishing all my fellow twitters a Happy & Blessed Mothers Day
Its not about da fight sometimes when we trying to succeeded, its more heart and courage and knowing da best is yet to come
once again...what state do you govern? WI!!!!! Who cares about Illinois!!!!
Thank you it was a great party last night
Omgg! I Can Block You Too Cunt!
Idaho weighing options after rejection - Chicago Tribune
Yay for you! We always watch it. It used to go by my house growing up!
RT : Get your own autographed pink cowboy hat & Kylie Jean books @ the TLA bookstore for $25 starting later this afternoon....
thanks for the follow! We look forward to your tweets!
FUCK I got hacked. Ignore any tweets/ direct messages from me that don't say fuck.
Goodnight guys.
Why are ppl freaking out about tj??
Perkins is asking for trouble
hey! What's with the Raven hating?!
Hey, this exists. Harveypekar.bandcamp.com Tell your friends who are into riffs, riffs, gratuitous amplification, and riffs.
I love to smile(:
Ol dude I seen at 6 Flags the other day >>>>>>>>>
i think you should stay:)!
that's great! Will you send me your email in a DM so I can send you my resume and portfolio?
Officially done with my freshman year of college
I mean the game just started and Lebron already ve 4 free throws,this is ridiculous
1st of all is it normal for 5 year old to watch animal planet for entertainment
Maybe. Let's email about it and see what we can come up with.
we need to chill this weekend ....i seriously miss ur silly ass <3
I peed my pants in school and I came home and never did change them...and I'm still sitting in my pee pants!
A few lol : so u sayin darker not hot?
Who was your Tigers MVP of the weekend? Join in the conversation w/ and call us at 248.848.1130
When kids don't understand basic math it really hurts my heart.
So.... I've been thinking about Botox lately? What are your thoughts?
CBS 'Elementary,' 'Vegas' And More Trailers For 2012-2013: Want to know what's coming to CBS for the new 2012-2013 season?Take a look...
Having a "the bitch is back" moment.
I love when tweets about new music! Something to look forward to! <21
Thank you all friends. love love love
Just a blues musician trying to get new people to listen to my music. Who are you?
Duncan: We have to get better faster than we ever have, and what I worry about is in education, we move too slow.
JUAN WILLIAMS: Why don't politicians treat faith as more than just a hot button to get votes and money? Biden Slams Mitt Romney in Op-Ed
The most valuable places to be in the world~ are in someone's THOUGHTS, in someone's PRAYERS and in someone's HEART~
My head hurts from shaking it when reading about both sides of the NBA lockout. #SMH holding back the expletives...for now.
They know.
Our pleasure. We all want the industry to continue growing, let's do it together. Cheers to
Alona's birthday is next Wednesday. Who's excited?! WE ARE!!!! lol :)
send me anything you want me to play to . MP3 No down load links.
Happy Valentines day my twitter peeps! So, thankful for having a loving husband & beautiful little boy!
And So It Always Takes Him A Million Years To Come See Me. Aint That Something.
Is she getting butt shots?????
Plus what else would you listen to besides the best rapper you personally know
By the way, the #Mets still have not won an NL road series this season.
just a salad with cheese, croutons, olives & tomatoes :) Very yummy. Salad is comfort food for me!
#gcyale Not suggesting that they're equal, just saying that a slippery slope isn't a reason to say they're not.
Did you buy a new one yet?
Yanks three outs away from elimination. FOX executives' collective blood pressure spikes.
is up first discussing the importance of social media measurement
get better!
Can't beat winter weather in LA...
Luv this RT : RT : In the house Holla! #LEGENDARY we in these clubs
Putting on some sweats and calling it a day.
:) I'm definitely not ready for that type of job!
Yah, but you have to live in LA....
Hey , can you help us spread the word?
Successful teaming of Gloor's Condor Blog Search tool with WORDij-->does time slices of choice--> wordnets within each slice--> .net files
thanks! i love wordpress, by the way. best thing ever.
It also follows the basic printing techniques along with certain other points.
Oh. Well, I hear the weather will be beautiful here this weekend.
When a band says, "Singing's new to us," it's sure to be interesting. (To their credit, their instrumentals included hand claps.)
Off to bed got get up 6Am then. Deal with dance moms lol good night twitter c u in the am:)
Didn't sleep well last night and have a long day today. Arrrrrgh!
Please let me know if you are at VMWorld.............I have some good opportunities for you.
ugh. Are you looking in philly?
damn... Probably gonna spit in it huh? XD
Really wishing I could stop & participate in #lrnchat but have to focus and finish today. See you all in the transcripts!
#4FamousWords please and thank you
the girl's apartment and i can bring down my car to help you! :)
Wishing 2 of my fav chefs weren't head-to-head at tonight's #JBA. Both are spectacularly talented:
Indeed, that does seem somewhat foolhardy.
Check out our homepage to see Rebel David Crewe working as an Assistant Athletic Trainer to the Minnesota Timberwolves www.runningrebels.org
#UHbsb has runners on the corner as they trail #SACstate 3-0 in the top of the 6th inning
brunch for me is love hate. I love to hate it. My harveywallbanger got me thru. Thanks
Have an awesome day baby x
oh yea,ok2 sometimes i open twitter at night,yah i'm rarely opened twitter):but here me:).
love the new set
Well thanks! RT : Also, the door guys rock. Way to do your job responsibly while also encouraging...
can I come?... Wait where you headed
-i love you ! -cool i love food :)
Yay Scott is getting his iPhone 4s tomorrow
give me a min im on Oovoo
Hope everyone is having a blessed Easter day.
I miss the days of getting my money for nothing & my chicks for free
officially addicted to coke zero.
lol!! Did you get chocolate wasted;-)
lol awww I love you :D
do y'all dance tomorrow too? I know brettné does!
That and also John Elway is a badass.
I'm downloading Google chrome just for this. Looks like way too much fun.
Video essential ingredients: 1.intro 2. content 3 call-to-action
agreed! What a success! Great work CLT!
wakes up to smoke weed lmao
Not all king makers live in castles.
Dear would-be phisher: sending me an email that begins "Dear PayPal Costmuer" isn't going to get you very far.
Enjoy! And thanks for following us!
🇺🇸 RT : AND IM PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN WHERE AT LEAST I KNOW IM FREE
crazy man... Maybe that nerf training will pay off!
Happy happy birthday !
Fallout Boy
Worst way to start day:guitar center after too little sleep- people playing stairway to heaven equivalents on electronic drum sets...le sigh
that's a lot.
Can't wait for the boys to come back to ny
Want a TCStarlight t-shirt?! Just RT this and we will give one away to a lucky RT'er this afternoon!
Was really beautiful what you did to close the deal with on Week 14 of Good luck to both!
Who remembers coning?
Congrats to ALISDAIR LEE, lyricist and co-composer of MAN DATE @ Notes from a Page, Emerging Artists Theatre New Work Series! Bravo!
is she marrying someone named Scooter who is a police officer?
Senate Banking Committee, SEC and President Obama: Request to pass a crowdfunding bill proposed by the house and senate. - Help support thi…
All I've had to eat today: 3 donuts. Did I mention it's my day off?
feel any better than how I feel after the talk. Good Luck
For the life of me I cannot find a nice clip of a ridiculous cop show searching online and finding what they need instantly
Where would I be without the knowledge of Deutschland lol
Oh, water broke before we ever got to dinner. Yeah, we had a leisurely one, now driving back to Boston. :D (Thank you!)
My baby will always have some part of my heart no matter what
4gtouch much better then those two
I Love your bio(:
Wounded pride.
sister patterson should officiate my wedding y/y
Here I thought I'd get to bed before midnight, but instead I install a water filter. I need a night job.
um...wow about says it all. Gorgeous
Pierce the veil is perfect. Fuck your opinion!
Canon FD. $400? Odd, maybe I got lucky.
We lost to some geeky environmentalists. Who knew they would show up? Damn ringers.
Today $10 gets you a souvenir pint glass, 6 drink tix & a chance to win WBC tickets! Be on the brewery tour @ 5:30p to win!
Got it..I will email you soon!
can't wait!!
I know I say it every week but never fails to deliver. Such a funny show.
« i spend a lot of time giving people the benefit of the doubt.»
I have it dvring
We're all a buncha bitches, lifes a bitch, ima bitch 4lyfe !!!
so excited to start volunteering so many cute puppies and kitties!
... and I know I'm missing some more! #CASE Indiana
That song was fire!! You going in!
When writing the story of your life, don't let anyone else hold the pen.
the "Loss of Faith" typeface: no matter what letter you type it will never be the one you wanted
Alumni Association meeting on Thursday May 5, 2011 @ 7:00pm in the lecture hall. Email for more information!
“: we've definitely got that in common” lol. It's the best hands down!!
message or text me your address & we'll will mail you a gift certificate for a free Sun. brunch for two.
Cut ya girl, now yo girl needa band-aid... ;)
Highlight of my day: my boss just left and won't be back until Monday 😄
from one lapsed vegetarian to another, thanks for the follow!
I have watched those episodes. I just don't understand why you would want to drink gasoline!
pouring in park slope “: rain? the wind hasn't even picked up on the UWS yet....”
Isn't there a formal review every time a police officer discharges his firearm? Why wasn't there an immediate investigation for #trayvon?
Red Lobster with my grandma and grandpa! #yum 👍
HELL YES! Turn it up!
If they want to throw it away, I'm sure Peter will take it...
can't get up for the #nba's first round of playoff blowouts, can't contain myself for the #chopped all-stars JUDGES episode... TONIGHT!!!
Lol Ok You Know I'm Not Shy So I'm A Surely Say That
I think the amount of DISRESPECT that has been shown to PRESIDENT makes me sick to my stomach mad!
Sorry Philly Tweeps retweeted incorrect info: Event website says LET THEM EAT CAKE event was LAST Week on April 2nd
It's almost time! 3 O'Clock club offers a $50 gift card to Dinottos on North Ave for only $10!! www.3oclockclub.com/index.php what a steal!
Bouna Coundoul failed to stop a penalty kick against Real Salt Lake Saturday night.
Cheese Lover? Grab a Quarter Pounder with Cheese at McDonald's and get another FREE!
For the second time today someone has called my "young lady". CT is my new favorite state. Manners and charm!
nice! the award, not the missing it. deserved! good on you.
Man does NOT determine ur success! (God is the judge: He putteth down 1 & lifteth up another -psalm 75:7
We Love You Cody.
While you're ignoring her, someone else is begging for her attention.
gotta get back trucking later
Pilates, "work", pilates, soccer
Bus full of cops heads past protesters toward bridge. Just going home. Like me.
yes I know
Have I mentioned how amazing it feels outside?
make sure you take down some of the gems from and
While your waiting for your #SmogCheck to be completed enjoy a drink in our waiting room
Won an iPad at the soccer banquet tonight! May the lucky streak continue!
a new week to embrace! SING!
Ratchet + Northside = Ratchitty ... don't worry cuz I broke it down for her
drop everything now, meet me in the pouring rain
My buddy Matt from Atlanta sent me a record by his new band, Ghost Bikini. It's pretty good. I dig getting stuff in the mail.
Feed your mind well. It's where action starts.
I know, welcome to the team! ^SZ
People say money isn't the key to happiness but I always figured, if you have enough money, you can have a key made.
Just got my daily walk on. I feel great!
i've been listening to #SaySomethin al day<3
Its a little early but we will be doing an acoustic set at Hot Topic in Poughkeepsie September 23rd!
Trying Out WinAmp, seems pretty good
RT #lrnchat 'ers may disagree LinkedIn rated most importnt SoMe by pros> ah to be young and naive again
you are gonna be riiiichhh ❤
Students hate paying so much for textbooks they end up not reading anyway.
got an account, just don't use it right now
Thanks to all the great tweeters at #cni11f! Stay tuned for presentation slides and videos of selected sessions.
I love being questioned on why im single, by strangers.
Treat people the way you want them to do unto you. Give my husband pantyhose!
UGH! You serious? I'm so sorry...I was hoping your knees were gonna be ready for summer activities!
C-K's to women: don't hold yourselves back.
happy friday everyone
I Live 43 minutes away from Deer Brooke Mall , and 28 minutes away from Greenspoint Mall.... Damn! We live far from you):
saw your feature in W-
I didn't care then; I'm not going to start now.
Cannery x Japantown bound today
Jobs brought on the possibility of the computer and user. Now I own an iPhone, iPad, iMac, and a MacBook Pro. iAwesome.
I could listen to MGMT all day, every day and not get sick of them <3
Yes!!! Will we see you Saturday 11/19 for the recall rally?!
Almost 500 views on #TornOutPages! This makes me think I should start another blog since it's becoming popular
Listening to one of my favorite bands !!!! Have you heard of them? :) I think you'd <3 them... Go buy their tunes today!!!!
nope, someone running for TX railroad commissioner scary and NOT hilarious
IDGAF so hard right now. I'm gonna let you fail. See if we even ever HAD a friendship. Prick.
Today is a pitch day
what were yall doing in this picture sean look all sad
loll i tried it to make things white as much as i can. that work jackie??
Would love some info on your Loft!
It was so worth staying up to see 's surprise. Can't believe he is going to have his 1st single :) Please follow me Austin
these announcers are just getting ridiculous at this point....
you got that right already saying Wtf!
. you said bad weather at 6. I don't trust you radar tracking skills.
I'm sorry your stressed out. I know exactly how you feel though :( <3
Its called having dinner :D
that got to out of hand I'm sorry
still on the boat and waiting for you to come up here and claim it!
Gonna shower now ( o ) <3 d:
you follow me first. :)
Waiting to board our flight to Alaska!
I love you<3
Who the hell watches #marriedwithchildren? What is this damn #show even about? This isnt even #funny at all. What a total #waste of
Good morning everybody! Glad I stayed home this weekend. I really needed the rest. Now is time to update the blog. So many things to tell!!
Lamar Smith just voted that employers have the right to demand your Facebook password. He works for us. Let's demand his.
Four women on this road trip. Three are elementary school teachers. One is me. Guess what we are talking about.
Socks. All Socks.
Awww 😌RT : tucked her in smh... love her to death still
hey follow
guess what...?
. Don't make me ask Campbell about what Trudy is wearing, you know I hate that.
bungler bungler bungler...
RT : We work to become, not to acquire. Elbert Hubbard
Work to do, bills to pay, but at least there's food to eat! :D
dude it's birthday today you #babydick havin' mofo
Why do you day your grandfather hates you has he said this to you
For Those Of U Who Call And Text That I Didt Reply My Bad Cause This Is My Moms Weekend And Will Get Back Wit Ya Monday
60 degrees in Upstate NY on November 20th! Oh yes!
4G IS IN SOUTHWEST MICHIGAN NOW! WOO
heading home lol.
RT Did you know? Loose objects are dangerous as they can become projectiles - endangering the passengers in your car.
Baked Chicken Wings These baked chicken wings have a sweet, saucy flavor that is naturally appealing to both kids and adults. What I like
At the salon with Brittney
I.don't know when i will get home. Traffic is a mess.
I should probably remember to eat more than once during a 14 hour workday.
Someone threw an empty Hollister bag out on the side of the road in my neighborhood.
talking to friends! ^-^ wbu?(:
Bulls game tonight then a weekend of Guinness, Bagpipes and Irish boys! ✤Happy St. Patrick's Day Weeknd!!!!!!!!!!✤
I think we should all dress up and go out for lunch soon! We'll all request off if we have to!:)
Know that well! With him, I get addicted for stretches. I'm still abt five or six behind. Just glad Mises has so much for free
Please follow and let her know that i sent yu pleasee xo
Government test tomorrow?? Psh I don't give a shit
that loan forgiveness info is amazing. I teach at a state u too.
I wish I still smoked oh well
How to Make the Most of Your Compulsive Choice to Buy Rocket Italian.
": i watched-SESAME STREET too the COUNT was a Pimp I knew It! >> #Fillmoe #80sbaby."
I expect those who represent M L B to act with the kind of respect and sensitivity that the game's many cultures deserve.
I'm getting old. Not Seth Rogen old and not Wil Wheaton old, but Tom Cruise old.
Watching #blackkeys from the patio of crate&barrel! (Turning something hip into something very un-hip!)
There's always a wild side to an innocent face.
Endorphins~ Does the body good. (;
You've really hit the nail on the head!
b0wn Bugs n' Vulnerability
Thank you all so much for the many RT's, catching up on tweets and follows, hope your day was great.
How is it that you ask someone to be your mentor?
I hope you have a better day!
whole class (12 students) writes a collaborative paper using google docs
#unmedicatedhd is one of the best uns.
Betty White's Off Their Rockers ....so funny!
I'm not living right
are you excited to come back to Chicago?! cant wait to see you and t$ again!
Cool name the world needed another Rasheeda, now all we need is 3
can you give me a shout out plz
“: I love it when I buy a bag of air, and the company is nice enough to put some chips in it.”
I hope to see you compete in the octagon. Hope all is well with you.
Comedy is back people.
M donuts and Whataburger!
I used to only Imagine what would happen for me..Till I learned I only had to Believe!!!
My mac is pretty much in God's waiting room. It can't handle more than 2 hours of video play. Hang in there, Bessie!!!
if #don draper can maintain a midlevel buzz 24/7 so can I.
has accepted a job in NoVA, and will be moving to DC!
he's nuts. Lol
Happy to help out Pat! Welcome to the tribe!
Twitter does not lend it self to #pleonasm, the #trope of using more words than is necessary, in a redundant, repetitious, wordy, long-winde
I'm happy to have all these cool new people to hang out with. Go stalk them on facebook!
One Direction
Why didn't I go into the city today to see & to find
Thanks! RT : Follow help her reach 1k
The devil was once an angel.
22 #VERRADO FINISHED LOTS #SOLD -- $709 PER FF -- #DMB DEVELOPMENT SOLD LOTS ONCE OWNED BY THE NOW DEFUNCT HACIENDA BUILDERS.
As of 2010, there are more than 2.5 million breast cancer survivors in the U.S.
Me too! Let me know when you are ready or if you need a catalog. The new summer catalog comes out April 1! :o)
"This was the gelatinous, wobbly hunk of cow flesh I've been wanting all day." --guest judge on Iron Chef America
He's amazing is just so sweet I hope to meet him again:)
John Monds, the Libertarian candidate to earn the highest # of votes ever, announced he's in race for LPGA gubernatorial nomination.
AH i hate it when i caint pick my favorite song from the one Direction CD!!!!
Awesome! We'll have to watch!
How do you enjoy your time off?
who is
Looking forward to attending #Strata conference in NYC today and tomorrow. Keynote #opendata talk by this morning.
Thanks for the follow,Oscar-Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue & Langen Neubacher @ the new #Plush!
I highly doubt it. Guess I'll find out...haha.
Every single waitress in here appears to be chewing on something.
who makin moves today?
Aaargghhh. Have seven windows open. Which one is playing CRICKETS?
Hush mode lol
What a way for the fuck ass bulls to lose owell lol
A nigga say he ballin but he living off his moms or baby moms
BREAKING: President Obama becomes first ever US President to support same sex marriage...wow our President rocks
Gearing up for Pride Weekend... Pre-Pride Party at Cowtippers Friday night featuring the infamous DJ Jay McCracken! See you there!
Cone scoop me?? Lol
D3 Document Review Alert! Please contact D3 Legal today for specific details concerning our pending review project in Los Angeles.
Ball Game!!!!!!! Tribe rolls on with 6-3 win over the defending A.L. Champs
we have new specials come in and see us.
My best friend is one weird mother fucker >.< sometimes I feel like punching him 👊👊👊❕❕✨💤💤
Creating XML from PDF is like trying to recreate a melted ice sculpture from the puddle.
Just had one of those moments where I sit back and realize "Holy shit I just dodged a BULLET on that one".
Yeah that shit was goin in bro should have hit that!
Love those mornings where you just wake up in a good mood .
Hair fashion show casting coming up in Austin Tx. I hope I get the job, I love hair modeling. (Leo)
Btw thanks to my amazing cusso I was watching the fight thru webcamm ayee lol! So I didn't miss out.
is such a bitch, right ?
sidebar: i concur with your asterisk. and i think, as far as Ink is concerned, the right person w/ the right connections came.
Patients like me is an audacious experience! - Clay Shirky
Working from bed: the one thing freelance web developers and prostitutes have in common.
Had a great #HH last night with , , and the rest of the team!
OMG-Christina forgot her pants again... Who does she think she is? Elaine Stritch?
I WANNA EAT YU UP I BET YU TASTE SWEET..M
I dunno. With the sash, you could become a South American dictator or something. Especially if it's red.
Every body Support Cause he on his way
I love that is demonstrating the ease of publishing from Germany for a workshop in Boston
Thanks for taking care of my problem! Appreciate the quick response. Cc
did she say wen she would be having a concert in the bay.
Great set from Craig Finn tonight jammy country rock, Nebraska inspired acoustic tunes and Finn's wry story songs
Huge win today! Got a big one wednesday vs. Wilmington. Great crowd today, hopefully we can have more people on wednesday.
How weird we talkin?
Gym time
what???? That's where I'm at right now what's going on?
Plowing seems to continue, but which roads are now clear? Make a map. Show us. Post it. SM communication is so 90s.
Chelsia! Four more months till ya'll get new members in the BB Family. BB14!!! Can't Wait!
praying for your dad
True! Count the blessings we already have right?! Have a great day! Waving your direction from SFO
I can see that > said was the most beloved #Facebook employees
Ahh i love 3 day weekends:)...
haha! Thats awesome! My son Luke was there too!
oh and
Wake up & realize. Yesterday was a good day, tomorrow will be a greater day; meaning today is bomb day
This is so FUCKIN HARD I dont know how i can get through this. I love my Pop-pop.
my world is coming to an end...gossip girls next season is it's last and it's only going to be 11 episodes. this is such horse shit.
Today the most adorable guy turned 15 years old. Happy birthday :)
happy birthday! Enjoy! May God Bless and Keep U
Looking forward to . Showings start this Thursday at midnight! Check it. Liam Neeson never disappoints
Happy New Year BS'ers! Let's make 2012 the year of the #ubspodcast!
by himself
gotta start hydrating early. I'm at FIU walking around with 2 water bottles
Soundset should be all weekend.
I think I've met my quota! Thanks for checking. Did Eileen have fun holding the sign at the car wash?
but if price is a major issue - check out our ebook range for a good selection of bargains.
dude when have u rocked a show??? I can say u have rocked a club but a show??? does this guy think he's tiesto???
Great lunch w/ peeps, furiously writing in the Loop, now MDW →SFO for #data4good talk. Way too short, Chicago.
wow! Good work. You might also be the only one looking unless I do my twitter job before then!
Having a cup of tea. What do they call English Breakfast in England?
That's a rumor. Nobody's really tweeting.
but she do be getting on ny nerves tho..
much love to you sweetling
Ha I just dreamnt you Still worked at journeys and you had a Mohawk lmao
Did you get to see the shuttle?
only if he wants to get dusted
Robert Cunard Modeling agent is having a great day! Got a couple amazing new models and booked 3 good jobs today! Its a beautiful day in LA!
Happens to me, too. No matter how many instructions I've read on how to boil an easy-to-peel egg! :-s
you said that something was hateful? haha.
Please ring my phone on calls or let the caller leave a voice mail - I do not like carrying around a useless brick in my pocket
#ThingYouDontWannaHearYourDoctorSay You're screwed...
being human time
RT : The #StudentAffairs office wishes all students good luck on their finals!
Ready for a Republican majority in the Virginia Senate ? We will do it this
My bestfriend is the only REAL person i can trust....MY OBF(only bestfriend) since kindergarden. =) looovve you.
haha.!(: I'm such a meanie(:
Sell network for between $3 and $10 depending on scale of buy. Individual sites like have inventory as high as $21
Right? But just gimme ten minutes of national airtime and I can make a whole career out of it. LOL.
What do you get up for?
Um! Stupid! Definately not her time to go! She was my favorite! This is why I usually stop watching, because my fave leaves!
You're not a thug, you're not a gangsta, you're just J walking in front of my car and it's annoying.
“: So proud! Two Elite Sports clients had a HUGE game " Charlie's my fave he wears my number ;)
I'm in favor of states rights on matters of legalizing gay marriage and marijuana. Let the state decide.
Much obliged, :)
If i could delete you from my life, that would be amazing...
We cant thank you enough Atlanta! Thanks for followin us!
Open water swim tomorrow! and jumping off silos. oh yeah!
lol I could go for Starbucks
haha I know I saw that and instantly thought steve and miss Siemens yellin at you haha
#latism #earthday Energy Star always outreaches to the Latino community about buying energy efficient appliances.
lol they are very similar
I need to create cds for 's car. I'm thinking I will do three "era" cds just to both annoy him AND to give him more songs.
Local library supporters please show your support for Ridgefield CT library referendum Town mtg Veteran’s Park School Feb 22 at 7:30 pm
Hey #Tampa! Don't miss & the Underdawgs at 's #Heatwave TOMORROW 10p Cuban Club Bandshell on the Patio
Nice, will definitely check it out, thanks!
Mine too.
Due to scheduling challenges, we won't record this week's podcasts until tomorrow evening. You should see them in your feeds on Thurs.
You ever have to wait for a train or a bus so long that you start checking up on old high school friends and your grandmama?
Need advice: best price to list a 40D at? 2 yrs old, minimum wear. Camera only, no lens. What would you ask if u listed it for sale?
�If you think you are in control, you�re fooling yourself
Check out the VocabSushi Iphone app and let us know what you think! bit.ly/fOeuEm
Crickets chirping? RT : At #cosn12 #intlsymposium Currently repeating same themes - hope to hear solutions.
Any suggestions on how I get it to him? Can it be shipped direct from the Vintner?
How we do we work flexibility in. Who has to be more flexible? Teachers? Admins? And where is flex needed most? HS?
I'm trying to figure which #Billsmafia #Bills fan that is a girl is the cutest... Reply w your pic in Bills gear and lets have people vote
WTF? RT Chairman Becker just announced that #civilunions bill is no longer 5th up; suddenly 7 bills in front of it.
#Dylan Ratigan, Send Mr. Graham to NACA
At the arena getting ready for tonights Bucks home opener, Fear The Deer!
see ya next year i'm going to bed!
r cantayllama we will be glad to distribute the cards. please email us
why is the Haunted Mansion on at 8 im the morning? ha okay then.
Preparing to speak at the 11th District's flagship American Legion post, Wayne-Dowden Post 64.101% of membership goal.
all I want for Christmas is a t pain mic.
Bro I'm trying to chill with you next weekend.
BIG thanks to everyone who helped us raise over $9,000 yesterday through the "giveBIG" iniative with The San Diego Foundation.
RT : Opposition is just proof that you're close to a major breakthrough #keepgoing!
everyone at #SWMadison is working so hard we nearly forget to eat the food sitting 10 feet from us. but, don't worry, we'll bring tha noize
More than 1 in 3 young people have experienced cyberthreats or some form of #cyberbullying online.
How come when I go to the DMV I never hear people speaking english, not tryin to be racist I just like evesdropping
come to Fort Wayne Indiana. Stop being a pussy and let's all take one for the team
OH, NO!!!! I received some bad news: SUPPOSEDLY, Phoney O'Whore-a wins -____-
Ventriloquist performs at 11am & 2pm in the Palm House!
No, was just sayin'
How about B-to-H(uman) Marketing-because, at it's core, marketing is a human (emoting, connecting, persuading) endeavor.
Come one nuggets
Being different is a bad thing, it just means you've decided to color outside the lines
HEY! The APA! vote actually was a highlight.
The 50 Man Beer Bong will be alive at Gasparilla tomorrow Tampa, Fl....the third Biggest Parade/party in America!
How is everyone on this (as typical) hot Monday?
ok maybe not suggestion you just said I hadn't done it in a while so i did it!
cant wait to see you there! Did you want a pre sale ticket? :D
She reached her hand out with a pamphlet and I politely said "No ma'am" -
Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him. ~Albert Schweitzer
Saint Patty's Day in Cleveland!!!!!! Who's going to the parade?????
you crazy
A clean vision, supported by defined plans, gives you a wonderful feeling of confidence and personal power.
Even with headphones on people will still talk to you, shut up.
Im tired but i dont wanna go to slleep -_-
phone ringing every 15 minutes. all day.
No, it's just a rainbow donkey. He's def not filled with candy. But right on with Jenga Stonehenge.
thanks for telling people about http//www.empiresteals.com ...what services/products do you want us to feature?
Nick Deering and fishing...... of course.
Congrats & cast / crew of DON PEYOTE on wrapping production on a truly epic film. Hope my scene doesn't F things up too bad.
I am curious. Last night on preview 4 nxt wk it looked like Trump was looking in ur direction when he said fired. Say it isnt si
NOW can we talk about bringing the troops home? Now can we, at last, consider redirecting resources to healthcare, education, green jobs?
It's Free Ticket Friday!!! Win 98PXY Jingle Jam tickets. Listen for Niki Minaj Fly (ft Rhianna) between 8-9am txt "Jam" to 69822
Good to know RT It's website — one word and lowercase.
Haha. It's a rough life ;)
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” ― Albert Einstein
writers, what stops you from publishing now? given that it's dangerously easy? oh, you want the book to be your best work? sorry.
RT : Michael Hart of Project Gutenberg died Tue. Listen to 2007 NPR interview of Hart and others on future of digitization: http:/...
I love
SWRO progressions followed by 100 burpee challenge followed by field notes.
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore We don't have anything in common anymore
trying tweet deck
i put nate on that shit lmao
Just heard it thru the phone. Feelin' it!!
I don't know I feel about all this, why is life putting all these roadblocks in my way? :(
What is the best holiday for music?
Christian you can reach me at for bookings! Peace and Jpy!
Anybody got money on Cotto ?
Happy Birthday
Pickup Line: If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
Anyone wanna guess what I'm listening to?
sweet! Employee
Anyone have that new pic of A.J. Hawk?
Any MKE tweets going to Occupy MKE? I'm bringing some high school kids. Anything I need to know. We have cow bells, drums and guitar!
I love Austin's superman shirt! its so sexy!
step brothers haha
best drink ever on a plane for me is some apple juice.. hmm hmm hm. i dont even feel turbulence
your welcome :D hmu anytime too dnt be a strange because it is a danger <33333
also money. Federal courts, many state courts use electronic access as a piggybank. Lawyers then pay to play.
I blocked someone on Facebook, so how are they still sending me creepy messages?
Thanks Tracy. I just got verification on Friday that I'm #winning!
Thanksgiving Humps!! xoxo
Hey How awesome would it be if Billy Joel heard about this & covered 1 of your songs?! I vote for 'Someone to Fall Back On'!
just installed Adobe Photoshop...have been using GIMP up till now...hope it doesn't take me too long to get a handle on.
Them red balls got me .
home with cats and Cap. just set a fire in fireplace. we still have power thnk the L. Shd be fun on Monday
You are so slow do I need to come down and find the 5th spot with you :)
HELP THE MONARCH BUTTERFLY AND JOIN THE MILKWEED DISCUSSION WITH YOUR EXPERIENCES AND RECOMMENDATION
Busy day ahead of me; visting more family, Yankees-Mariners at Yankee Stadium (go Mariners) & meeting nephew later tonight...
This will probably get us into trouble, but what have non-Whites ever done for society?
not cool man, youre having a mini concert without me -_-
Today is the day! If you find yourself at your local comic shop on this rainy day be sure to pick up a copy of D.O.G.S. of Mars
Drink the koolaid RT : The vanquished are supposed to fall in line and follow the anointed lea
I feel like a comedy movie right now :)
PRO TIP: If you're conducting a webinar, don't constantly fiddle with the microphone.
It's the photo that is definitely the question in this case... a lot of attachment parents I'm hearing from don't love it.
Hope all is well
Residence Hall Resource Centers will be open throughout the break except for Sun Dec 25, Mon Dec 26 & Sun Jan 1.
and a shingle.
So sick of hearing about ONE/DONE!!! Our players are students!! They major in Basketball, it's a one year degree, and it pays millions!!
oh bondage up yours
i think straight edge people are the most attractive
its ok I'm so toasted ill probably forget who came
Congratulations and for wining Les Nubians tickets.
Clearing my head from a shit day at the office by reading The Walking Dead and enjoying a Spotted Cow
I share the same fear
We don't devote enough scientific research to finding a cure for jerks. - Bill Watterson
wudup sexy hands?
from MA? use to work up there all the time, closest to you probably Scituate.
Looks like I need to make my way to Flippin' Pizza! RT feel like pizza? New Locbit screen inside of Flippin' Pizza in Encinitas
Thankful my Crossfades travel with me, otherwise these airports would drive me crazy.
Spa Week is finally here!!
I guess mentions are full with "OMG" "DEAD" "CUTE" Is it right ? lol
New baby boy born Sept. 20th. 9 lbs 21 in. Austin Reid Steineke. Stay tuned for pics.
forsure?! because i needa catch them in LA before they leave !
Centric Consulting has open Oracle positions (functional and technical). Know any good E-Business Suite candidates?
- Still Aint Found My Male Bestfriennd Yet . . :(
isn't gonna ever follow me :(
29 more followers until 100! Tell your friends and family to follow us!
Update on the wire is that we could launch any day now!! Get ready to make some money!!
Murray - currently "libraries are massively disaggregated."
well what is it haha
Still coughing, lawd am I still coughing.
Even if different politically, every mayor could learn from about leading socially & professionally!
I'm on it.
#Best Big song Brooklyn's Finest feat. Jay Z or Who Shot U? Feat. Diddy
but nah. I jus follow people I talk to on a regular basis.
I knew there was a reason I always hated you.
Why is only following me ? Lol
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart. -- Confucius
The first sign of a true love of a young man - shy, girl - courage.
I feel like hypnotic and hennessee should be the beverage of choice for the occasion
The clothes don't make your swagg. You must have swagg in you, one with swagg can make the simplest fit look good.
Well apparently the beginning of the end of the world was supposed to start 10 minutes ago. #RECON still on?
BUT #twitter sure can be fun when I need to vent and its a slow day at the reference desk.
But then again, what is one tweet against an average of 2 hours of daily lobbying per congressman or woman, often at breakfast meetings?
Received script to short film "The Device". Looking foward to filming next weekend. Time to study 10 pages of lines :)
#BroadbandBreakfast emphasizes (1) urgency of getting seniors online and (2) measuring progress
dude, idk how you did it, but I think I've already got 6 followers. Well played, sir.
Im so bored .-.
you're welcome! Be sure to check out my videos :)
Thanks for following me, hope we have a great ride together.
Autotune is as overused as a 70s synth right now (which means it'll be shunned and make a comeback in 40 years).
when people mess with my siblings ( included)
or rather :--> not to many fours ---- out there
#JobAlert! is hiring a media planner, media coordinator and Marketing Manager. Interested? DM me.
1st softball game of the season mañana :D
we need you ASAP call now
you know you're old when your parents are out drinking you #bourbon st
New blog post : Workout at Home: Shed Inches Off of Your Waistline without Paying For Expensive Gym Memberships
New song today!
Tonight v. Santos Laguna. Let's go Sounders1
Fed's dilemma: holding firepower for potential euro trouble while US markets hungry for help; QE3 unacceptable, but symbolic "twist" likely.
Wisco kid raised right: my 10 year old, hearing of Grammy on ze radio,says "Best *new* artist, what?!"with an eyeroll.
While dealing with us in anger for our sins, hath nevertheless remembered mercy.
I swear if mrs ehrsman makes me take em off I'll kill her
Cleaning garage
sweetness RT : um, so is the best teacher. just sayin.
RT : Set Goals - Learn, Plan & Strategize - Make It Happen!
Norwegian firm plans fish farm at ex-mussel processing site
Hey message
IDK, it's just the twitter that got suspended. But either way, I'm still happy.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
the best Falalel Sandwiches
A6 pt 1: logo leaked prior to announcement, but having do the story is not a bad idea, but 6:50am is early!
You're never fully dressed without a smile.
100 points!! Wow!!
Oh, well, yes, I always forget some people have allergies. Sorry. :(
so if you love me let me go.
Every SuperStar that Came through #LakerLand Finished and I do mean Finished Games
it's pretty normal to have an earth-shatteringly painful sinus headache for 14 hrs on a flight and then sneeze out a lot of blood, right?
hey that's my word 😠
Where do I buy these beats?
Got word from Car 49, they finished SS5 & SS6...all good, headed to service.
Alice in Wonderland is absolutely gorgeous, yet completely Tim Burton. A must see in 3D and a captivating trip from end to end.
Listening to KPLU. Just got done with aquasize class and getting ready to do some gardening and rehearsing. What a gorgeous day. I love it!
Overfunded whatknows? Hopefully one day... In the meantime, wistful whatknows chic. :)
Niggas be on yo head when you don't answer the phone in morning lol
hand model high five! you in NY?
2 weeks of daily #radiation DONE!!! 4 more weeks to go. I guess its pretty obvious I can't wait to be done with these #RADS. T G I F!!!
yeah not sure if i can make Outside Lands but still hoping to catch you guys!
I have to get a hot dog from one of those random vendors on Hollywood Boulevard. The decision was made for me as soon as I started drinking.
This is bullshit
Too right. Plus CLOUD ATLAS is so huge & unusual, with so much fodder for discussion.
Everybody thinks every girl's dream is to find the perfect guy... pshhh, every girl's dream is to eat without getting fat!
I watched Icarly and it was amazing, you guys are so cute <3
Last day of school! Yeah!! But why does this excitement fade so quickly?
i no u probablywont c this bc uhave so many fans but its my birthday&if ucould wish me a happybday it would mean the WORLD2me<3
NEWS of the Night: Mitt Romney Sweeps! Big because it had to be the first time he has ever swept in his life!
NPO/NGO web designers partner ": Abt Associates is at #OSDBU Procurement Conference today, stop by booth 734!"
Happy Holidays-Boas Festas-Happy 2012- El Pastor Restaurant thanks all our friends who stopped in to see us in 2011. is awesome!
damn if I was sitting next to u I will give my pen with a trade to have my picture taken with u dumb broad
Andre Riddick getting some love during the Wildcat broadcast ... One of UK's all time greatest shot blockers!
Had a wonderful time swaggin with out world she's dope!!!
LOL I think I must really suck at explaining it. If you watch The Office on Fri instead of Thrus when it's aired, timeshiffting.
Gary Thadani~ Never Never Never Say NEVER
Hey peeps what's up
Don't know any rap, sorry. I don't know what you are talking about.
At the height of laughter, the universe is flung into a kaleidoscope of new possibilities. - Houston, Jean
thanks man
OED word of the day: "nut bar" (bar-shaped blank from which nuts are cut in a nut-making machine). How can I meet (or be) the word chooser?
Would have taken John Scott for the winner.
i Better See 's SMILING Face At Church Tonight! <3 (:
hang in there! Xoxox
cuz ill punch you in the ovaries!
Man come on Red Wings!
I saw that today and immediately thought that you'd think it was so cool. I guess I was right.
RT : ALA pillow fight in Anaheim?
Falling asleep with chris is the best ♥
ahh i see that sucks u need wanna of those mini hand fans lol
OMG HIS VOICE I CAN'T BREATH OMG OMG OMG
aw THANK U!
So start paying better wages.
clothes are overrated,,panties are debated.
RT : I am inspired by #doveinspired (these tweets are to break a world record! Please RT or tweet #doveinspired )
Just got home, now to do more graphics work....I don't think I'll be getting much sleep these next few days.
Thats terible why did she say that.
It's my kind of day! RT March 1 is both Hug a Librarian Day & International Pancake Day.
Was there confetti streamers & fire works again? Lmao
ch. 5: “the capacity for computers to wreak havok has far outpaced the rules & laws that might govern combat operations across the internet"
At least I'm losing it little by little :/
Business meeting in 2 weeks! Lets try to get 5 new members again!
Only help those that help themselves. Don't waste time on anyone who refuses to invest in themselves.
Thx 4 following and look forward to your tweets! #dogood Home- of the #2DayLatteFast!
i thought so too, i liked seeing him in a format besides himym
Okaaayy. Soo I'm craving Jamba Juice right now and I'm not in Muncie.. that's a problem.
Lets Go Gophers ... Lets Go Gophers ... Lets Go
Are you still coming out later this year?!
PeekYou only searches the public Internet (like Google). There is no private content in our search engine.
Right back atcha! What a fun session that was!
Yeah he wanted to seem like he was in control, I am tempted to read the books
We make ffun of the fat people in Dillard's when we get bored;)<3
no one has done that but you!(:
Today buying fabrics for The Wailing!
"There is no reason to have a Plan B it distracts from Plan A" says BJ the Chicago Kid!!! Love it!
Welp, that tornado warning lasted all but 40 minutes.
RIP Andrew Breitbart
via : Builders -- seriously, why is the SIM underwater?
how have you been?
#FatTributeBands Band Of Burgers
#kids Kids Club Thursday at Whole Foods Market Lakewood at Whole Foods Market, Thu, May 17 11:00a: Join us every Thursday in the Café for...
Philosophy of Social Media
"So I went to the dentist. He said "Say Ah." I said "Why?" He said "My dog's died.'"
specs are the great democratizer.
#nathanfletcher You've got my vote.
go buy #secretsdontmakefriends :)
Patricia Sampson~ Self-reliance is the only road to true freedom and being ones own person is its ultimate reward.
Had a good day today, praying and thinking about the church!
I disrespected myself because of you... Thanks.
thank you so much :) you too! :**<3
Holy tits! Overtime for my New York Rangers!
Really want taco bell rightnow
Don't y'all LOVE tax week
Thanks for the shoutout! Have a great weekend yourself!
You won't be disappointed, lol! So, so good!
smile beautiful!!!
"The greatest weakness of most humans is their hesitancy to tell others how much they love them while they're still alive." - O.A. Battista
Just followed, check out our site when its back up. Will be looking for people to expose to the world! =)
Wasn't Jenna the one in the black swan at the ball
Class! ": RT : - Just want to congratulate M. Ball no matter what happens..."
Monday New York, Weds New Jersey, Thursday Atlanta....
Same here.
that's awesome! :)
awww I sorta am because I have no idea what I'm going to do when I become an adult..
BRING IT! Well buy your first glass of wine!!
Actions speaks louder then words....and your actions telling me you dont give give a fuck!
hm maybe o.O
This game is beyond intense, Are you guys watching? This back n forth, back n forth.
Opening Day of #MLB love it! I miss going to Opening Day, it's funny how things change. Use to go with my Dad, now we don't speak. 11 yrs!
ONE-LINER: I'm not mentally ill, I just have a problem with reality.
Back to the old you? Nothing has changed
School applications are expensive and I'm a broke college girl
The time has come for some Get ready to share the love!
What is currently the most sensible car to buy? Considering upgrading from my 2001 Civic, which is still doing fine. Preferably stylish.
Any love for the Indians yet, or is it just another early season tease like last year?
Can everyone fucking fuck off today.
ily so much :)
come fly to Chicago and lkets hangout.. I'm so bored and I kinda LOVE YOU! <3
Thanks 4the feedback! We like bein nice +we don't have a line # machines. You're odering promarketing materials, not bread at a busy bakery!
i love the lord but sometimes its like i love me more. i love the peace & i love the war, i love the see & i love the shore.
cuz I miss your face
All checked in now. Should be called back soon.
"Soul Music" in a hip hop world...went to the Soul Mixer in Bristol and they turned it into an anthem, sweet!!!
love it when things come together :)
watch the game and try to get some sleep
That's not the first and only metaphor that I mixed tonight. :) And eww, wet cigars?
75% of people diagnosed with mental illness show signs of onset by the age of 25 (CDC)
everyone wishes they could fly... Not everyone is gifted with these wings. Good times mang!
thank you for following! Your site and all look amazing. We look forward to your updates.
Wise: S3 explores racial complexities
LOL @ Reggie Miller "Yep, Yep." We know what that looked like.
I hate doing layout at school. They block twitter & tumblr & facebook & i actually have to focus. Which is cool until I need a break.
I'll agree with #Nokia on how dual and quad core phones are more of a waste of battery than a boost of performance.
interesting they do that out here in Texas and I think in Alabama. They are all part of Yum brands.
Amen Omen, will I see your face again? Amen Omen..
yes!! Lol its has more caffeine than coffee!!! 0.0'
Kid today: "Mrs. Caputo it's good you like to read. Old people need hobbies." lol
Didn't even get to watch. Was visiting family and they didn't get their cable hooked up until yesterday. I felt Amish.
It was cool on the town , my city (Memphis) got some of the baddest females.
Fuck your face like its the last thing on earth ;)
Shooting a music video
jus got to the crib
Who do you think you are? I am.
call me asap
you have a rangers ticket connection ? My man !!
I can't stand Cee Lo Green. I know I'm not the only person
Gretchen Wagner: Communities need to start advocating for mass digitization
Just when u think things cant get any worse they do! Rock bottom is good solid ground and a dead end street is just a place to turn around
“: and Happy Birthday! You and your nephew (just a guess) have good times on this day ahead!” thanks Ellis. :)
here is an early heads up. My birthday is on the 22nd and a birthday tweet or video would be the best birthday gift ever.
Mac's Irish Red Ale on tap right now! Come and get your Irish up!
Thanks so much... always a pleasure. Please stay in touch!
from the clutches of her abortion dr live-in boyfriend...
i saw u in the uc.. i forgot who i was talkin to but yall know each other.. i think it was jarvis but im not sure
When a #taurus loses their temper don't try and calm them down. They find it patronising especially after you pissed them off.
RT : Is there ever a "good" reason to be cruel to people? Never. Please. STOP THE HATE
Went crazy w/ and last night.... Couldnt get any better :)
when are you going to decide? and when is your graduation?
If they win the Cup it undoes a lot of Lakers nonsense the last two years. Also, I'd cry tears of joy.
&& you love to pee:b
Very happy birthday to Wishing you many happy returns.
featuring the finest wines from China.
Any guess how DDixon will fare tomorrow against the Ravens?
Welcome to my world! RT Seriously, I love the Internet but I'm suffering from info overload!
Whoa shit! This car is in flames!
Ticket prices go up after every 25 sold, so if you buy now you can get them for $30 each.
yeah, any kind of movie breakdown of time travel is the best.
Looking for writings on the notion of the common good in Aristotle. On the Book of Faces, said I should ask you.
Bitch sent me "Heyy" with two YY's... she wants the dick ^.^
The legion of Angels answered my prayers.
You have to love what you do to want to do it everyday. - Aaliyah
Is it just me or does 695 traffic get worse by the day?
what did Gilbert Gottfried Tweet about Japan that got him fired from Aflac?
ReaLTaLk : Your NOT all that CUTE .. 😣
"Love is for children." -Black Widow (The Avengers)
Don't, don't, don't pick your scabs! Scabs are dried blood, so we treat 'em with care!
“: That awkward moment when someone walks in while you're getting dressed.” hahahaha
Now, if they can just unload that #1 pick. ;) RT : Colts trade for Drew Stanton.
I am So Super Excited Abt the new seasons of #TeenMoM!!
i hate it when is not following you.. Mahomies.. RT this so he can see we want a follow back :D
Being a fine artist is a business. #Atlanta Fine Artist
Yessir! :) God can make all things good, and new!
Doing the right thing for the wrong reason is as bad as just doing the wrong thing.
that is so awesome! thanks guys your support means a lot!
We should have a few representatives there :) How is the show going?
Sounds like has a mancrush on Brock Osweiler. Wonder if he wishes Brock was a #49ers QB & not a #Broncos pick
I think he said "open data", not "open source", right? We haven't done a lot of open source work (thought that is changing).
Lemme send you the images of them, it will be easier
All dat on the low hatin aint fina do notn but kill yu at the end of tthe day..Suck it up
Don't feel you have to do it all yourself. www.VelocitySolutionsLLC.com
I was looking for something more specific. Wikipedia had a bunch on all the books except First Among Sequels.
is the twitter princess *twitter bow*
lol, did you eat something?
haha def not. Some girl from my church
I did. I thought the movie was excellent! Still not as good as the book though!
off for lunch, but gotta go back to work soon. which sucks
I just want the world to go away.
Wth!? A blond chin hair?? What you doing on my chinni chinn chinn...
I mean, is it so hard to be nice to one another, or are we just so desperate to feel good that we need to make OTHER people feel like shit?
Thank you for the RTs and mentions!
its a possibility
PICTURE OF LIVE REMOTE @ THE PLAZA
Goin back to sweet home Chicago
Good morning world
head wound?
#TeamDueProcess See what happens when you take the blindfold off Lady Justice? Mobs, Mayhem & Lawlessness. She was blind for a reason
oh i've been here for a while:) jst lurking in the shadows. had read your post & realized i needed to follow u - great post!
Wish we could skip #ValentinesDay and go straight to Wednesday for complimentary beer at from 6-8.
Umm lord ... I know you want me to slow down but do I have to be on this here side of the road!!!
follow me please FOLLOWED
Defiantly need to face one when I leave
In Raiders of the Lost Ark there is a wall carving of R2-D2 and C-3P0 behind the ark
I want an edible arrangement
riverdale and Shelby dr
Moving back on campus 2maro. Cant wait to see my few friends and many associates.
Now on the verge of going to the 24-hour CVS down the street....
Riding the Seattle Center monorail for the first time. Super cool.
not money
Retired? I wish... Officially back at work tomorrow. Not sure about on-air though, won't be my call.
Another T-shirt to rock on my Birthday!
Haha. Aight. Still not sure I get it tho...
oh sorry I can't see some of them
Our next CNE is at OM in Harvard Square on Wed 2/8. Tell us we'll see your smiling faces there?!?
Yo snoopy used to footwork? Wit his nose up
Just had Chick fil a. Yes!
Quick! Go look at the websites for & now before our students update them. Practicum starts next week!
it look like they brought the whole damn department out here
#Kennametal wins 2nd place in the Richard Goodman Strategic Planning Award 2012 awarded by the Association of Strategic Planning
I have more than a full slate tonight, so have to bench 2 of: Camby, Kaman, Marv Will, J Johnson..
How do I find UK's best mature dating site, Young At Hearts, here on Twitter - ?
After avoiding driving in boston for 3 yrs, i finally got behind the wheel. Terrible idea.
Baby slept from 7:45 last night to 10:30 this morning. Got shots, and slept from 12-1:30. Oh, my.
Just hired my first employee
haha well thanks bud
Thank you!
": SR HIGH CARE GROUP TONIGHT!!!" // I'm bringing CFA cookies tonight
I didn't tag it or anything! Spies. lol
Time for a new hair do! So excited.
Put your hope in God, for I will yet praise him, my Savior and my God. (Psalm 42:5 NIV)
Clippers don't deserve to win this game.
Lmao. U stupid. Imy “ take like 10 more of em u might die but hey u wont have that migraine lol”
Its amazing how much prettier most girls are when they don't speak..
Having the same problem... any ideas?
Dude! I just watched TUF on my DVR from earlier tonight...and I'll just say that FRANKIE IS THE FUCKING SHIT!!!
You can call anytime! ;) Miss you lots! <3
RT : To have God in our life, doesn't mean sailing on a boat with no storms, it means having a boat that no storm can sink!
Here is the nugget.Following drug administration there exists no single relationship between blood in plasma and the observed effect.
Done with my Networking Class. Learned about the error message "Missing NTLDR".
Run errands and have fun - lunch out while running errands is fun!
Oh, thanks! I was actually working on a different site. My own site is actually static HTML + a WP blog w modified 2010 theme.
Retweet this if you love and think he is extremely talented and has crazy good looks!!!!
Bug Fair at Natural History Msm! Tarantulas galore. Crow (raven?) apparently nesting in gigantic overgrown ivy atop L.A. Colosseum
thanx o.O
Congrats to for her 300th career victory tonight!
Read the latest blog post from BEA's Librarian Blogger Miss Julie: Author Visits to Libraries.
a guy just asked me to go throw a frisbee with him. Immediately thought of your book. I don't frisbee!!
Happy Mother's day luv!!
hey um 49ers win the game 20-3 yeah big ben did not play i love ur black nails
I wanna kiss, lick, suck, tongue some hot boy nipples! M...
The quickest way for you to forget about what God thinks about you.. Is to focus on what everyone else thinks about you!
Just had a burger with a fried egg, bacon and kimchi on it. It was freaking delicious, but yours seems way more random!
Taylor Gang or let R.Kelly babysit your daughter
If missed it on MSNBC, the spot should be running on CNN fairly soon. Taking fight back against the #waronwomen to Wolf's haunts.
Can't wait to see the great actor & literacy champion at #webwise later this morning!
I really need to see this movie! Any suggestions how? Kaise dekhi jaye. Please!
i'm sticking to twitter .
Thanks for following! Happy Leap Day!
You shouldve seen the gang of showbiz reprobates who turned up at my pad after #concertforheroes ricky hatton is kipping on my sofa!
I have school the next day so I don't think I can either way -_-
RT : Science editors: There are no such things as "indigo children." The correct term is "Jedi."
Today is World Autism Awareness Day. I am blessed to have 2 sons with autism and a daughter with Aspergers. They color my life with joy!
it would mean the world if you wished me a happy birthday(: grant a sweet 16 birthday wish? <3
"I don't have a shit sucker in my bathroom" #mymomsfriend #lmfaooo people too funny.!
I clearly need some pussy
EfS is a transformative learning process equipping students w/ thinking needed to achieve healthy economic, environmental & social systems
I work downtown and I am worried about these protests yet I want to participate
We most definitely will be, gonna do some editing then BLAM! xD
This conference makes me want to optimize myself.
man got of love it
's synopsis of SHAME: "Michael Fassbender has a bunch a blurry sex to sad violin music."
redneck word of the day "TUNA" i.e. That boys not the brightest but she sure can TUNA motor .
I have my car back, but now I dont have a phone. LIFE
Actually like the new pages for Facebook. We can now see who likes us!!!!!!!!!!!!! About time Facebook did something right!!!
I'm working until 8 PM tonight
The crazy temperatures do weird things to my sinuses... not to mention my dry skin. I'm stocked on moisturizer & tissues!
Sorry for belated THANKS! RT : #FF Happy to connect with folks in my favorite place:
lovely phone call with she sounds like such a little girl awwwwwwh hehe :-)
Thanks for all your help girl!
Guessing these aren't *socially conservative* evangelicals...
you've got the second ticket! go ahead and DM me your email and I'll send it over :]
As a skinny guy who loves pizza, the "pizza racer" is my worst enemy.
the Spurs have the best accents in the NBA...especially
I'm glad they don't have a Worst Tweet of the Day trophy.
What a tragic ending to a tragic comedy. RIP Johnny.
Strangeways, Here We Come
Instead of CP3 our back-court consists of Rondo and now Keyon Dooling..
Fym ! I'm Big Daddy !
check out who made the front of today's press telegram! well, our homemade floating banner did! thx lowes, home depot & some old water skis
Crazy calvin may have money but I got bitchez
Love string cheese. Hate string cheese breath.
It is pretty good. Not all whiney like that insect movie you love.
Get right people in the room who understand your log term vision and want to help/know how to get you there.
Thanks for the RT!
why has the times sq 1,2,3 station smelled like vomit the last month and a half? I can't be the only one complaining.
he text like he talk. UN EDUCATED!!!.
Jennifer's car is next to mine......
headed to the Taste of Chicago? Cool off in our Suite Hotel!
Is Captain America the favorite? There were more Cap than Iron Man cosplayers at the midnight movie.
RT : Claiming someone else's marriage is against ur religion is like being angry at someone 4 eating a donut coz your on a diet
Romans 8 kicking my butt yet again...touché Paul, touché
GROAN! (But I love it) -- RT : Why are pirates called pirates? Because they ARRRRRRR! Happy 'speak like a pirate' day!
It's midnight and I'm still watching hockey!!!
Come back and go to Fresno so Shawntell can meet you :D
so apparently i suddenly got allergies out of no where so now one eye is bigger then the other T___T
He's the hitter on the show Leverage.
Agreed! Andy Miller still knows what's up!
I think your gorgeous but I just don't know how 2 tell ya
had a MONSTER of a homerun!
Training for my walk across America if you want to help support visit and retweet http:/www.stephanieishere.com thanks! <3
The Kentucky Derby race happens at 2pm. Come watch "the most exciting 2 minutes in sports" at the pub...and don't forget your big hat!
I wanna see Robvic's n00dz
Twitter is beyond interesting, feels like face book cause I got my face all in this shit. #Just nosey though
I just spent the last hour watching on Ustream and shes right about #TM we should be a TEAM
Mapping symposium was a great success! July 6th exhibition event opening!
You only live once that's the motto nigga yolo
nice so your staying beach ready year round? Yea it's a good gig, do u work near park meadows as well?
Goodbye #charter! No cable 2 football Saturdays in a row doesn't make hard to convince to change providers!
I don't know what to do..
wo0o0o0o0.....mom made sum bomn corn soup... got paycheck of 1 of 2 this week...!!!!
Lighting Upgrades for Volkswagen Beetles | Signature Tips to Cars
Globalization has gone wrong, as it has no rules. Multinationals are almost above the law.
There's such a thing as gelato "large enough for two"?! :-p
Merry Christmas to all!
First Thunderstorm of the season!!! So beautiful
When Netflix just stops 10 min before the movie is over <<<<<
#Chicago... (Intro)>>>I throw my kicks on and I fly away.. I do it my way, yeah... I fly away<<<< that that INTRO
favorite words heard at work, "Hey! Mom! Look at this one!"
TBS & Lucky Strike are teaming up to bring you one scientifically proven good deal! Come into Lucky Strike this week to check it out!
Okay :D I'm looking forward to it. -raises eyebrow-
Hell yeah
Don't forget to bring back some sunshine. Starting to think we live in Seattle.
SDSU Music Professor wins Global Music Award.
How u steal our swag & figure u still urself...
okay, the butterflies are coming.
What's up WorkCheese?
You girls are awesome. :)
It's hot as balls out right now, just how I like it ;)
RT : Thank you to all our followers & the schools who are assisting us get students into college! Education is so...
RT : I think we should change Hammer's name to Grave Digger. Not only would it fit his performance, it would fit his facial hair
that's insane!!!
"YOLO - You Obviously Lack Originality" this goes out too all the people using rap quotes in their everyday life.
we might could make that happen haha
Ben Fry: What is the question? Work back to data from that point.
Dear Mike, I really, in fact, do not "like" that your dog got hit by a car today. My phone was in my pocket with Facebook open.
I love ur music im going to be doing new mix of a few of ur songs next week I impersonate u n selena
Agh I can't wait til summer. im so sick of school.
#Feherty does rock...makes a very stiff TV production funny!
There are two of the smallest kitties in the world in our apartment!
Why the fuck are females allowed to fucking drive? I almost died and she woulda been sent into next week
MM..had a bit of a rough health day so postponing my summation until 2morrw eve..
Just saw WMYB on American TV. I loved how it was a little different than the original!!!
At the Climate Action Reserve conference in SF. tweeting for ' Climate Watch. CARB's Mary Nichols speaking now.
Finally watching this week's - with the puppies=cutest thing I've ever seen.
I really hope they don't wear grey..haven't heard the latest rumors. I'm not a fan of their uniforms regardless. Kinda ugly.
I agree with you!!!
“What lies before you and what lies behind you are tiny matters compared to what lies within you.”
I hate having sleep paralysis at nights.
Checking out some of the tools I learned today at #edcampCincy! So energizing!
ADTOE peaks in so many ways. Gets more visceral with each listen. It's really shocking what (all of) U have achieved...
Just listened to "The Quick and Dirty EP" and really enjoyed it. Your voice is so soulful
tell it sisters. Drink some for me!
3 more days until I'm reunited with my bestie =D
RT : #AALL12 will be my 20th consecutive meeting! And at Boston, site of my first.
you don't need no stinking luck! I wish you great play and I ward off variance.
Having a fantastic dinner with my lgw mindtrust on 14th...wonderful food!
I know. Most of them are literally too dumb to insult.
What is your perfect age? New study says it's '33' do you agree?
That awkward moment when you tweet a text .... Happens to me all the time, don't worry ;) RT : You stopped textin me
Did you receive your TLA 2012/2013 ballot in the mail recently? It's due back in a week - cast your votes & get them to us this week!
Don't wanna leave
I like that!! That's the best way to do it lol.
will definitely look it up if i visit OH
HALLELUJAH! sauce from makes me say HALLELUJAH!
TODAY BIG DAY !!
Yeah Its been pretty fun, and will do no doubt yo
: lol nobody talks to me no more :/
I agree. Very few of my friends replace the ear buds, although I really think they should...most 3rd party sound much better!
haha how crazy is that, I'm now Jones-Polk..lol too funny. :)
I go hard for Justin I deserve to meet him. UHH.
I could use a drink...
the attitude era
The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows.Aristotle Onassis
ill be back about to smash on some lemon pepper wings
JP is my only twit friend..... off to a slow start....
Wearing my Lakers jersey right now. #GoLakers!!! S/O from NorCal!
you're never going to know who's on top of the pyramid
Such tolerance! MT Thanks for the retweet you pussy-whipped retard ...
what is Turkish delight?
Just told me that her boyfriend believes in their forever. I literally almost threw up at my desk.
So it is written, so it shall be done
She's the Man never gets old
thanks for interest in my site
"Buy my bath and return me back to the cigarette"
Seeing all this Kony 2012 bullshit all over the city makes me want to murder things.
Thank you for sharing this #mindful thought. #EncouragingWords are powerful.
Finally finished all 6 seasons of Lost.. Not sure how I feel about the ending.. Can't think of another way it could've ended but still.. Hmm
thank you!
I was here to read Justin's first tweet and guess what else i will be here for his last tweet too!(: <3
I really appreciate that. I hope you find the older versions.
KComm has all of the pretzels today.
