would be news if Brooks said Andrew Bogut was the best player in basketball
Rhine Heights, Vintage Brewing, Madison: silver, German-style brown/Dusseldorf-style altbier (29)
follow me on twitter DO IT!!
You could live forever, or you could live 70 years of the most perfect life imaginable. Which would you choose?
is front row at Alicia Keys tonight! Whoot!
I know-she came in town for dentist appt so thought we would get pampered! Hope Owen comes soon so y'all can meet him!
Cleaning the house for Flips practice- then I'm off to see Eva Grubb with The Exotics at Arts' Concertina!
~Back from a day run to Edmonton for meetimgs, a couple more meetings for the evening and then its time for R&R!
From NewOrleans 2 Chicago Im on a mission full of opticals ... Im remand the same
gonna see this whore in while abt to blow some trees
Last week they couldn't identify a drum circle, so there's some hope
Thanks for following us!
been working every day for weeks now so taking a day off to regroup and just do nothing but breath
#MAYWEATHER All The Way !
Great. Glad I could join today's chat.
Hahaha, I'm trying, I'm trying! ;)
*ATTENTION* does anyone have Harry Potter glasses i could borrow for the movie tonight?! LOL
Is it bad I keep thinking people are saying "happy MILK day"? Lactose tolerant.
So the next Survivor is set in the Philippines. Do I automatically win?
Did you mean to tweet all of the didactics from the Cornell Museum of glass?
anything for our MVP!
Thing that SUCKS is that I HATE having to be quiet about it. ugh. Can't wait for the clearing to share!
Thanks for the follow! ;)
That would be a very well attended session at #
“ No power is strong enough to be lasting if it labors under the weight of fear.” --Cicero
Ok...? Just asking for clarification. No need to be persnickety.
As long as you try
Life is way too precious for nonsense. What a beautiful day.
I "Liked" your fan page on Facebook.
how you doing ya jack wills wanker x
I love your newsletter but when I click the Twitter button to forward an article it doesn't embed it in the twitter feed?
Are we playing Would You Rather?
and you should follow
Seven more weeks left
Not anymore. I wish now that I was not anytime an Egyptian after I saw what is going on with Mubarak now. SAD.
oh, I think we all know. Lmao
Look on the bright side. Staying in saves money.
and in one newscast? Good broadcast. I'd like to see this more often.
Do you go to my school? :-)
#kids Heard Summer Nature Camps Registration at Heard Natural Science Museum & Wildlife Sanctuary, Fri, May 18 9:00a: Explore the wonders...
It was THRILLING!! Watched 2 GOOD movies, actually. "It's Complicated" and "Monster In Law." Well GOOD by courtroom standards...
It's a two beers after work kind of night.
Tune into 91.7FM tonight for Voice Box. I'll be represented and playing my fav Bay Area Female Vocalists.
thats what we say about women RT I don't see how a guy could be gay, there's soo many beautiful women out there. <3
Yes agreed and the counter rotation suggest the equalization of opposites in this case inner and outer. a frequency perhaps?
congrat! Love u girls
Steve Jobs was born out of wedlock, put up for adoption at birth, dropped out of college, then changed the world. What's your excuse?
hoops today?
re: bronzer that just happened to me too! so annoying.
Lulls in the sets on #CoachellaLive are killer, makes it easer to switch feeds to another great band.
He's pretty much the hottest thing to walk the earth. It's what you would call
In LA this weekend? What are some of the art events that are happening?
Will be leaving Miami for good in two hours
Don't blow this save League
My CD goes on sell in Missouri tomorrow! Make sure you pick up a copy!
ghost adventures on travel ch?
I was the 71st person Madison followed o_O
I hate it when I plan a conversation in my head and the other person doesn't follow the script..
What? Biden couldn't keep his mouth shut about strategically sensitive information? I'm SHOCKED. Shocked I tell you.
Im too excited ... It finally happened!!!
she totally did me bogus man. Lmao head azz
Okay. The teenage girls just showed up at 12:30
I think the no arms, no legs jokes went the way of the dead baby jokes. They aren't PC. Why'd the dead baby cross the road?
We will be back in action soon .....rallying the troops add we speak
Poor just broke up with Skrillex. She's very sad. Come to Carabar and cheer her up.
Its been a great and magical weekend. I'm sad its coming to an end. Time to party!
Its hard for me not to want you all to myself. <3 :x
illiterate ass bitch
Looking for marketing associates ! Email or mention us !
So how bout that MCAS tomorrow.
Jeremy - Thanks for visiting Boombozz and sorry for any errors we made. We'll try and do better next time.
rockin that Blue yeti pro
hes like baby cute but not damn lets fuck cute
How can we expect students to know who's who in American history when teachers think every positive role model from past was American?
Just now pulling myself out of bed from that nap. Sheesh, I needed it apparently.
"I think the thing to do is enjoy the ride while you're on it." -Johnny Depp.
its amazing the waves are building to upward of 40ft faces :P
yeah! XD I love my dogs so much ^_^
Back in Los Angeles and working have not even slept at my house.
Awesome! Will check it out!
No prob with you or Just issues with a producer who only wants to pay for 6 shows & is asking for 10 shows a week.
Thanks, Rudy!
Ima be the rebellious Chicago rapper ! Ion give a fuck about pleasing Chicagoan's ! It's 49 other states and 6 other continents ! I'm good
Hate hate hate hate this.
thanks for the tips!! Excited for NYE 2012!
congrats Green thumb sista!!
lol in good morning
Meant Dake not Sake
bro text me
I will be!
We have a lot of kids who don't know what works means. They think work is a four-letter word. ~ Hillary Clinton
alabama shakes
Is it me, or is Wham's "Last Christmas" enjoying a renaissance this year?
Edgewater is such a supportive neighborhood. We're so happy to them and you for the support yesterday. :)
I Love How 3 People Thought My Last Status Was About Them., Tehehehehehehehe(:
no problem (: lols
its disrespectful to yourself to strive for the least. it success to strive for the most.
Retweeting is like "Liking" a status on fb lol
YOLO? Yeah, you only die once too
What a game!!!
It's never too late to support your local bookstore. Books make splendid gifts for the holiday, Hanukkah and Christmas.
"the zone" is when you feel the muscle growing, getting stronger every workout & knowing that there is no such thing as too big
i just LOVE when all my lessons go as planned!!!
I got a pea hehehe lol
LOGO coming soon fam
SWEET HONESTY THREE SET PIECE.....IS $9.99 BUY IT FROM ME FOR $7.50!
Thanks for joining us to memorialize the kids!
dfisadjsk . i keep procrastinating my life is good book
hey I just got home from Atlantic mall
Awesome article on our - #Coolhaus - history! tp://tinyurl.com/7wte4gx Check it out!
I'm about to say that the only wine that needs to go on living is Cabernet Sauvignon
I'm Hispanic :o I'm fluent in español. :p
I'm so tried of going tho this
You have officially directed a Tony nominee.
Of course you can!
I Wish I Was Still Sleepin
you wish Nigga :p
Who is your favorite team? and Player?
WISH ON with UNITY A JOURNEY OF HOPE, granting wishes to adults w/a life-limiting illness. Today Unity is taking a MOM to dtr's wedding wish
Join the party !! goin bonkers!
everytime I hear somebody accuse a user of laziness, I hear them not writing better docs.
can you just follow me so we can dm each other
Leaving on sunday than sitting on the beach in Florida☀
Thanks for celebrating with me. It was an awesome weekend.
NORTHERN STARS, an exhibition of Finnish art, is coming in December, but Marimekko products arrive in The Collectors' Gallery next week.
Looking forward to seeing more of your tweets and posts
Going to valley scare!
I will go on record and predict a top-eight finish for the Islanders in 2011-12!
i'll just watch big bang theory.
Have a great Sunday everyone!
We actually found one for our daughter at Kroger. That was a number of months ago, though.
Anyone have a new favorite beer?!
Even I need help focusing on and asking for what I want verses what I don't want
#TeenHoot Griffin Saunders will make an announcement about ticket sales for our July 6-7 Hoot Fest Sunday night on Ustream. :)
Hey thanks for the free T-shirt but kinda boring, huh? Last year's skyline tee was SO much cooler!
Happy Tuesday ! Thanks for following us.
Yeah, that does raise my eyebrows as well, have to say.
Thank god Language Project isn't due until Wednesday!🙏👼😂
I love when kids are dressed in suits and ties!
watching Senna next week in Seattle
you think I'm lying to you?
Why do they say your alarm goes off, shouldn't it go on?
Who's the latest #superstar island to join #iOS family? Our friends in #Mauritius! You rock!
I want all of the American people to understand that it is understandable that the American people cannot possibly understand
Thanks! I like your TV Show ;)
This time , last year was SO different .
starting to freak out about going home for the summer.... hmm....
I already watched it like 4 times, lmao. But omFG.
Tweet to all my new followers!!
I understand why they played that for Natalie Portman's entrance but wow, talk about ominous.
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. -William James
; No iDidnt , Did You ?
Justin Krol pinned Becky Sobczak to Silly Gooses on Pinterest.
Find someone and throw a random compliment their way today! Lets change the world!
Just came out of a great "crash course" on threats to fed funding for Main Street & pres projects with staff - Jessica
Listening to #Numbers album on repeat since I got it
Some guy thought he was bold today when me, , and together lol.
Tonight David Brooks spoke @ NY Public Lib. His new book's at the top of my list of reads. I'm a devotee now -- more than just a mere fan.
NYU students and staff discounts on rental car service as low as 45$ and selected apts at 90$ per night
how could a dog lover like you not see that this was wrong wont you take a stand for animals if it was your dog you would see
Ok I just want to go to Then go home and get my blanket and comic on. It sucks driving in this weather
good day for your all :*
Home and time to have a few drinks, to wash away the sight of 76 yo ball sack... Whiskey, don't fail me!
“No compulsion in the world is stronger than the urge to edit someone else’s document.” - H. G. Wells
nawl not yet I just walked in da crib I ain't forget my nigga I got u
Lucky. It's so pretty. :3
I would definitely fly on Kulula Air! They have personality!
That is the worst! :(
Yes Kaleigh, my lips are soft and taste like hotness. ;) Love you :D
Today is my anniversary of arriving LA-what a long strange trip it's been! Thanks to my friends & extended LA family!
Cancel the screen cast. Google + isn't quite ready for that. Gotta find something that will screen cast live.
RT "Debt of the many, profit for the few" is the chant filling the streets!
A bat on the shoulder yields no hits.
your brother would do it
Diablo 3 launch less than 24 hours away. Pardon me. I meant to type "Cementing my carpal tunnel tomorrow".
how are you
Movie recommendation is Paul Hogan in "Crocodile Dundee"
Hmm, pretty sure I meant 'made optimal use of space'. Stupid vodka.
Seriously, the #oscars are insufferable! Not even watching them in a room full of gay men could make it funny.
by watching some Trailer Park Boys.
5 years ago, I was surprised about Gerald Levert.
Ugh...tough call, PPR prob Mathews, stnrd I go with Hunter today
Minn. Vikings stadium stalls amid Capitol politics - KTVN
#YouShouldNot say "I love you" unless you really mean it. Say it cause you want them to know, not to hear it back.
Draft #1 of teaching philosophy is complete!
Beat the heat with a refreshing orange cooler cocktail at COA!!!!!!!!!!
Just watched Winter's Bone with my girls...Wow Jennifer Lawrence you're the #%@$
anyone ever knocking on soccer for flopping n acting after watching this LeBron performance, go play in traffic
Omfg wish I didn't watch human centipede at this time!! It was sad, disgusting, creepy, scary, and fucking weird!!!! Wanna see the 2nd one:p
RT : A new study suggests a contact lens which provides a dual focus can slow progression of myopia in children. ^dy
40 min wait tonight @ Rossi. Worth it. Love seeing a local restaurant jumping on a weds in January.
Arkansas fires Petrino
I cannot I have activites to engage in :(
u can pratice on me
So Excited for our album to come out next week, what albums are you guys excited for this summer?
Defos gonna have to learn 'the mask'
Art Pulse has bid on the closed Pacific View Elementary School in Encinitas to save the property for community use as an art center.
What!? Details, please.
With Rex"The Mouth"Ryan and now TEBOW in town..has there ever been a better chance for the JETS to be the #1 (Media) Team in NY?
Where annual elections end, there slavery begins.
There are few things I like more than sunshine, beer, and boys in Phillies shirts.
Our bodies need sufficient VitC to burn fat - oranges, red bell peppers, broccoli are great sources! The menu this week is full of these!
Really, ?! The only way I can sign up for your service is by using Facebook auth? Don't want to.
having a hard time remembering these little computer terms..... ugh, i need a study buddie!
Toni Morrison will be at the Union Sq Barnes & Noble 7pm. Whatever I had to do on campus tonight is a wrap.
I just know my legs aren't ready.
. Wall Street wants Bernanke to create yet another bubble, but Main Street does not.
AGONY COLUMN-God, Guns, & Guts music video
#Rupaulsdragrace I think that director just called Phi Phi "Pee Pee."
Gym followed by an extra special "Bachelor" night! Leslie Knope, "Galentine's Day" was the best idea you have ever had!!!!
Studio seven seattle....september 24th?
Ditto that! RT : Because deserves to announce the first game in a new
Laughing at (and secretly loving) the discovery of twitter accounts for and
You're hysterical & created a cult of Chuck Norris fans can't wait to hear you speak
Generosity is not taught in America, no matter what people tell you. Americans are raised on pride and self-reliance, not generosity.
thank you will check it out
Thank you Wanda for the return message. Keep writing!
yeah i want to! Howabout u?
I've hit my small talk and cheerful attitude quota for the week already and Knitting Club is Wednesday. Good heavens, I'd better bring wine.
Is anyone taking the BCBA/BCaBA exam in May?
yaaay!!! LAMBORGHINI MERCY your chick she's so thirsty, I'm In that two seat lambo with your girl she's trynna jerk me!!!
My 3yo nephew would tell you to add Vaseline to slide more. (That's what he did to his tub.)
Congrats! Happy friday from Chicago...
I miss you, where have you been.
congrats on the success!
yeah same! I mean they were amazing but I looved that singing group (forgot what they're called lol) :P
SSC in the Arena District is the BEST, most convenient, and best value breakfast and health food in downtown Columbus, Arnold Athletes!
YAYAYAYAY!!! it does!!! :) Check it out! I explode towards the end of the film!! so glad you're seeing it
Feel honored. Idiot is afraid of you and you know it.
All this driving is killing me
NATO-hood. Ha!! Matzoh ball soup without the schlep would be awesome.
...and our semester-end buyback has come to an end. We will be open normal hours (excluding holidays) to buy and sell. Happy Holidays!
yea I do read my tweets nigga
Weems Gallery in #ABQ had 3 sculptures stolen today. 2 bronzes by Burzillo, 1 by B. Girard. The thieves are trying to sell them now.
Sloppy drinks for sloppy bitches
The graduation quilt orders are starting to roll in! Love this time of year!!
Welcome to the 90s baby <3
Hopefully $1 #bomb night leads me to some pretty
If you have a tongue piercing I automatically think your a slut.
last time i checked i got way more guys than you .
yep, ditto here... “: God is making it rain on me today. Except he didn't get the memo to use cash.”
it says forbidden to me
I need to be better.
Some Kid Cudi #nowplaying Can I Be
hahaha deal :) umm now let me think of a good joke
I'm so jelly!
Haha females be thirsty too.. I just witnessed thee dehydration (anybody wanna get this hoe a gatorade?!]
where at ??
That's very good work you do!
#10FavoriteNickiMinajSongs right through me
Translation: "I shouldn't be accountable for saying hateful things." RT : The importance of explanation is quite overrated.
With "Which tradition?" you ask *the* key question, one that lays bare what is actually meant by appeals to the "traditional."
Heading over to with to join the fun 's Chef Rock Bands! Seeya there!
the weather is awesome in NY
I need to be more active on linkedin.
aye , Sergio Martinez???
I love you baby
That. Awkward moment when he asks you to homecoming ......
Oh, and also most girls that start with J.
not everyone...some people come home next week..
im not good at this twitter thing at all....
Oh no doubt, I think all 3 of the other teams are more talented than the Rams. The exciting thing is all 4 are very young.
Hey Bubba! You ain't one of those SOBs, are ya?
I miss you more babes...
Lakers-Heat; Bron-Kobe are NOT Bloods and Crips, Dems-Repubs, Floyd and Manny you don't have to choose!
Everyone stop talking about 1d tickets, I'm sad enough that they're not even coming any where near me :(
Another where you think it could happen, but that they won't really be gone. RIP Whitney Houston. It must be SO hard to deal w/addiction :(
Collar popped
I'm looking forward to our trip to chi-town this weekend!!!
Reminder, if you could not make it to the conference. Stay tuned to this Twitter feed to keep updated.
“: #flipboard for iPad (cool app!) #psp11” I downloaded it during his commercial!
Dusty vs Every One in sweet home GET IT IN lol
haha yeah you cute
If anyone out there has more details, fill us in. And if you have video of the incident... iPhone, mini cam, etc... definitely tweet at me.
just starting Ledoux's poster hw 
Who men think they can control any female its like what are you a whitch cause you don't have much charrm
Yup, Roger that.
Happy Biryhday from your muffins!!! Everyone follow her! She's super close to 10,000 followers :-) RT!
Poured a fifth of Jameson in my Gatorade this morning, because you know, cross training and shit.
YES PLEASE !
I didn't know that people were still into Kraftwerk. At least not on this type of level.
I did, and it was glorious.
So now that I'm pretty much totally self employed, does this mean I can speak more freely now and do rebellious things like openly swear?!
Just did a sweet hydration at the Grilled Cheese Truck parked on Santa Monica Blvd!!
outside pools? I think they open this weekend
SMILE!!!! GOOD MORNING TWEETIES!!!!
congrats, wow, amazing, holy cow.....
I'm bout to play some music and try to put together these outfits! #designer!
the ram part is why i dont....1Gb ram used partially by the video card
Creating a custom blog template will NOT defeat me! Anyone care to share some good resources? Using
and who are ur two best friends
OK, thanks!
trade up for RG3 and let's be relevant again. It's been too long
They should make a biggie hologram that shit would be so live
Looking forward to it!
Didn't Ben Franklin have something to say about that? Something about those who would give up liberty for safety?
Plan for the day: Drop bro off 4 game at 10, then go to doctors office 4 me, then go to my friends house 4 kennywood
thanks for the rt!
Doing a dental clinic them free pet pics at the shop today!!! WOOF!
Well I am a preacher...(laughing)
Just attacked the #SAA2012 program with a highlighter. Lots of talks I want to see, going to be a VERY busy trip to Memphis!
whats yo email homie? we about to email all the music for my set.
So Seau killing himself was in direct relation to past concussions ???
have done that many times. Makes for great practice. Gl
Using the words "hot and steamy" grosses me out.
Thank you!
Going on vacation in a few days, need a good beach read suggestion. Ready, go!
Dear Twitter, What do I have to do to be "Verified"? Who else would I be, but me?
If i want to watch a horse race, I'll go to Old Tavern on Second Saturday and watch last call.
Winning a superbowl
EPA Admin Jackson, Sec of Commerce Bryson, Sec of AG Vilsack, USTR Amb Kirk speat at #americanu & EPA Technology Market Summit
The new album from Ariel Pink & R. Stevie Moore titled 'Ku Klux Glam' is a giant waste of everyone's time.
you're welcome:)!
Loved the Columbia Heights Farmers Market this morning! Kudos to - best in the city!
OMG dani followed me on twitter 😍😍
Also, happy overrated historical event day!
I'm like drooling over "Some Nights" because it's PERFECTION. created a masterpiece.
LA Voice has an intern! Always spreading the SLP knowledge to those that are interested!
const. What it took 2 guys to do now it's just one
Do you have a plan for this account?
Glad you like it! It's nice when social media is actually useful for something fun...
Daylight savings time! Remember to spring forward tonight!
The $1 Million Facebook Experiment supports local an national charites. Members are asked to donate $1 per month. Join now. We need you!
Please stop daily texts
I aim to be a Peaceful Warrior
wont raise the retirement age, cites Galveston,
RT : Here is the Blackberry Vojito we will be featuring at the party Friday night! Starts
let just say its going to be a long year
Lmbo!! This scared me and made me laugh at the same time.
...anyway at all, it's an absolute embarassment. This whole thing is stupid on his part, and he's going to lose big here.
Hey are you all in Chicago?
when? I'm not far
you can finally get that Nokia you've had your eye on
Theres no need to rush, if something is meant to be it will happen. At the right time, with the right person, for the right reason.
Word! Thanks for the shout out! We owe you.
You know it! Stay on your grind, I'll be coming through soon!
"The most beautiful words of love are spoken in the silence of a look ..." ♥♥♥
honestly, I'm more excited for MIB 3 than new spidey
And your mama said?
I'm going to miss Missing after tonight. I wish it wouldn't have got cancelled.
Weed in front garden – Suspect arrested after officers ID pot in yard
you didnt have a big part in piranha 3dd
Please do a duet with Babyface. How Could Angel Break My Heart is one of all time favorite songs. I love you both!
happy birthday to your puppy.. This part of the new job has to break your heart.. I know it would mine...
RT : Gearing up now for day two keynotes at #AribaLIVE ... expect some breaking news too. Live tweets to come.
Merry Christmas from Black Belt Bachelor!
Tonight's Plat du Jour: Coq au Vin! Slow-cooked free-range chicken prepared w/ red wine, mousseline potatoes & winter vegetables ($23) Yum!
Ugh thatss nasty fa real
does this apply to charters? I'm assuming it does.
Creating an open environment for collaboration with a culture that embraces vulnerability = a great solution
Last day of conference.
Did you know that what we now call wood blinds were known as Venetian blinds?
hahaa i was watchin him on espn for the elite11 he is lmao
sentinel prime
A goal without a date is a wish
How was the first?
We have great photos of La Mesa elementary students from yesterday's "Big Bad Wolf" mock trial on campus. Pls DM if interested.
N. Wolf: It's like witnessing your favorite aunt develop Alzheimer's. Very slow, very sad, prone to saying absurd things.
Im realizin how childish that we r bein
Thanks for the #FF mention!
You really can't even play me like that and expect me to do shit about it
I haven't decided lol
Glad you like it. I was about to walk out the merchant's door if he didn't take my offer... :)
Havin' a hard time being on this planet today.
Who wants to be my co owner for my twitter account ?
oh yea.. new avi..man i'm starvn. cant wait to see my twin in a couple weeks
Got to sit here and wait for the last football game of the year! Agggggh!
thanks for the encouragement, today blows I'll have to fill you in lata
He's got a head of fiery hair and a turbo-charged backpack...
How many honest, intelligent, caring men in the world does it take to do the dishes? ~ Both of them.
that weave suits you *wink wink* ☻
I grew up in post-Colts Baltimore so I have to laugh at this! But, my alma mater, Maryland isn't much better this year.
haha. And you're the only person to mention it.. maybe too subtle.
Cock, paper, scissors.
You're never too jewish to worship jesus
I think the refrigerator light might be my totem. It's how I can tell if I'm having a nightmare, or just midnight binging.
Pastoral's Sinfully Healthy and Millennium Park Bean sandwiches will be on #Sandwichking! Don't miss it Sunday at 10 AM
Where are you planning on going to lunch? How about making it a #bartab partner and treating yourself to a $1 drink!
Music make u lose control
I just got a job at Walmart, working second shift. I wanna hang soon!
Wing night tonight! 38 cent wings! Attitude adjustment pricing until 9! Join us!
Get started in the craft of #infographics & #dataviz by (). #opengov #opendata folks need to get on this.
Next #HalfTime you should be Performing Straight-Up!! in #Superbowl 47!!
ayy thanks mate!!
Stellar Phoenix data recovery I LOVE YOU!
yes it is lol
Duff's Wings 3651 Sheridan Dr, Amherst, NY 14226 GOOD LUCK in BUFFALO!
I wonder if the paramount in austin will actually put the title of Sarah silvermans show on the building out front. This could be a problem
I miss him though
Thanks for looking out for our Zipcars! Were you able to call in and report this?
The economy is supposed to serve mankind not destroy it; humans made the issues; humans are the only ones who can solve them
no San antonio? .___. That's cool, bro.
quarter-life-crisis starts as of… now.
When summer is here, we can do that because of my pretty little patio - room for more than one LOL.
My mother is dying from #lungcancer. Not a good idea to promote smoking photos. Ever known anyone with #cancer?
hanging out at the office waiting for my mom to finish watever shes doing.
that CD slaps
I'm at the St Francis Hotel
have a good day fav<3
Hey , you see what happens when CERTAIN people like get in a movie? They start disowning people.....lol
Two quick steps from shore / Drown every inch, twice or more / Sea change to the core.
Thanks for the RT re !!
Chillin at Baptist Memorial Hospital waiting to do pre-tests. Getting surgery done in a bit. I'm anxious for the aftermath.
The world is my Fried Chicken Combo! I don't like Oysters. Ha.
: Hi Tom! I mean the community your museum serves - not the museum worker community. Outward conversations not inward.
RT : well tell her then. Lol I already did
Happy Administrative Assistants Day!
what up with the geeky rap video
It is either a win win or lose lose. I coached 2 aau "stars" but they were just decent hs players who cudnt or wudnt defend
I love watching footloose I am watching the new 1 right now
When i Saw You for the first time, Holding you the first time, Kissing You the first time, Holding your hand the first time, It Was Perfect♡
if South Panola can drop after losing to good teams (Hoover) ranked nationally and locally, then Bassfield can drop...
He's next.
please do!
Just saw the latest Nice spread! Beautiful as always! Can't wait for the Client List to start!
city council city council city council city council
K I am being followed in Walmart by a bearded man. #notcool clearly I can see you are following me.
if your having a sucker free day throw ya 2's up <2222222222
Lots of new products in the pipeline - should be a fun summer!!!!
tired of talking
Mayor: a point person with the city who will monitor all construction impacts over the next while (incl parking spaces)
Having the ventilation shut off in your office is always a good sign that it's time to leave
I like your icon! (;
just setting up for the macarena
PSI I DON'T DATE ASSHOLES ANYMORE CARRY ON
RT : Anybody can be a runner. We were meant to move. We were meant to run. -Bill Rodgers
I love a Spin class followed by a pilates/yoga class. Can be abbreviated to 30 minutes each. Easy to teach and effective.
yeah, sorry they can technically, but the way the ravens and steelers play, I don't think the browns will win enough others.
So happy my hubby is on the way! 
#DPLA and #libmade, should these 2 ideas be converging?
Admit it, you've lied to get out of hanging with someone.
I know that was terrible making Chin choose. I hope he did call someone. She cant die.
And now and I are listening to Godspell. No, really. Holler
u silly..lmao
Hey, I tweeted a potential fantasy baseball trade that was offered to me. What do you think?
Leonardo Da Vinci The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.
Omg! My brother just dropped his wallet and what fell out? Not a condom.. No. A SOUPLANTATION COUPON!!!!
These 🍃ain't cutting it
wow Serena Williams , all that hard work your father did to shape your career and you put it all to waste. ...an #epicfail by him.
We can chat all we want about Butler to the A-10, but the Dawgs had a football player sign w/ the Bengals today. Does the A-10 have BCS bid?
24 hours into being a #dad and it's pretty awesome.
Usher-Climax , <3
don't die wondering what if.
Gala Screening A Dangerous Method #NYFF exceeded expectations-bold, smart, moving.
I see Kristen! really pretty name :{) How old are you?
World's largest speedtrap at north entrance to city of Verona.
I just want to let YOU know YOU'RE gorgeous.
Hate fake profiles... DF outta here
When you're a a checkout with your mom and the only thing you have is candy, chips, and soda, you know you have problems.
Apologies for our less than frequent tweets (I'm studying abroad). From now on, Egan will be tweeting for us. She'll sign with /ef. /te
I definitely drew inspiration for that tweet from our convo the other day
Just FYI - I just bought the winning #megamillions ticket so everyone else might as well save their money.
The library needs to be available wherever students need it!
come back to milwaukee sooonnn!
you sneaky bastard! I was listening to some AT yesterday!! Likewise my man, can't wait to unite the clans... You're the jam
DANCE BREAK: Go! *boogies*
Local school has built own state-of-the-art TVStudio & Media centre! Shows broadcast on local cable station- life is all about opportunity!
So, are you out to your family and friends
Aw heat :(
went on nbc commenting on laserdude from LA claiming to treat dark circles with what looks like an erbium laser...i am not a believer!!
2nd hottest ticket in town behind the #pacers has to be this Friday at ! First to get back to me gets 2 tickets!
idk why i gotta feel like this ,
Just had to say TY for the inspiring end-of-year email. Loved the quotes from leaders, they really get it- Happy 2012
I am loving this weather <3 <3
No Justice Thomas admited to lying on his finance disclosure forms & Taxes yet Issa didn't bother to investigate
that would be appreciate greatly. I will make an effort to come in today or some time this week.
Hating my Mac today. It's doing all the wrong things.
I know what you mean my brotha
looking for a support contact in Carson City NV for a lost submissive. Email me at if you know of anything
I'm already naked
Thanks for the RT!
It is Peter Wittenburg. Apologies for misspelling
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Cannot believe its almost 1AM there and these guys are still racing. #DAYTONA500 go #17!
I didn't get it either...... Lmfao
Canon T2i is the current leader!
First Tip: Protect Your Computer- Take care of your equipment and systems before you head out into the Internet realm.
Dreams amaze me
It may sound absurd, but dont be naive. Even heroes have the right to bleed.
I love life in everybody in it <3
Wow. Def thought this was fake. RT : Oh hey, look who's on twitter finally! And yes, it's really me.
Mac miller (:
( I agree
Seriously Chicago?! 61 degrees with a chance of rain!! We really are gonna put out the Fire huh?!
Incredibly misleading title; was not expecting to read about students/cell phones. Kind of disappointed.
Uh robin I Duraheer 'd on da kitty
haha, we're getting beers asap!
Checking if my webcam is on when I do really shady shit is my grown up version of checking under my bed for monsters
I have the best twitter and facebook friends in the world! You guys Freakin Rock and have been making me a better me! Thank You !
Why can't you just be happy, why can't you just be happy...
There are attack ads against Santorum on in Knoxville and on TV commercials here. They're from some PAC.
how about we clone Messi instead...
Fighting Britney first block
I need to constantly remind myself to never read the comments of Milwaukee Journal Sentinel articles.
I love you, girl!
We're putting together our monthly newsletter next Monday. If you have a volunteer opp. you need help with, let us know!
k that's cool too
how does that make it a hump day!?! Lol
yo dude. I didn't even know I we following you!!! Crazzzzzyyyyyy
Happy mother's day to (she's on twitter and therefore better than your mom)
It seems that Cars 2 Go is the latest cancer on Portland streets. Two clowns want to park in front of my house.
It's all really fascinating. But less tweeting, more paper finishing. :)
how did you get the email from where ?
This morning was fun!
Meetings all day, than more work, & finally than pool time... Hit up my cell for stuff coming up this weekend... (602)882-0317
Jeffrey will be the wishbone this time. It was nice knowing you, Jeffrey.
how old are you ?
Killed a bottle of Bartenura tonight with peach ciroc damn damn good
Irony: the men in black are coming for rip torn
OMG 7th Guest is FREE in the AppStore. Who remembers that game?
Wear a suit - regardless of what you hear, get the job, and then cater to the office environment
We've craving lasagna tonight... Let us whisk you away to Italy from the comfort of South Beach! 305.673.1312 for reservations.
I can't believe this girl . Lmfaoo Stfu already.
Ready to start the Chicago #hotchocolate15k. Bur.
Aww gee thanks :) hahaha! #success oh and no fake shit RT : i believe in you lol...
Have to believe that you aren't the only political mind that has contemplated that scenario.
Early to bed, just to spite the neighbor dogs. Can't wake me up if I'm already awake, now can ya? Last thought goes to my birthday mother.
shoot, I was hoping for an acai berry pizza :/
GOD knows EXACTLY what he wants each of us to do - b quiet & listen
Welcome to my house party........
And I'd give up forever to touch you.
great job today at #aasocialtv! ps I'm a fellow IPG-er (UM).
I think it's going to be Common that helps me cross into a larger audience. The question now, is simply, how...
you go gurllz
Famine in #Somalia drag #Africa stocks down. Real painful seeing faces of starving children on TV. All hands on deck. Let's help!
You seem angry. Relax. It's just Twitter. I don't buy that white privilege bullcrap. Life is tough for everyone.
Tonight we bring New Scenes! New Scenes!
“I will not be threatened by a walking meat loaf!” An American Werewolf in London (1981)
can you get me the phone charger
#ITAOTC Carnival Style Feast w WORLD RENOWNED Chefs & More! Take A Bite 5.3.12
it made me smile too! 
A skillful man reads his dreams for self-knowledge, yet not the details but the quality. Ralph Waldo Emerson
On the way to Ohio for a minute
Next person to follow me I will follow back
apparently, i have no morals. how sad.
Getting into the zone with help from The Verve.
Quote of the Day: "Change your thoughts and you change the world." -- Norman Vincent Peale
Oh yeah.
The door to a balanced success opens widest on the hinges of hope and encouragement.
I will say the Lumia executed this task quite well, but of course that's no reason for me to abandon my iPhone.
Hugo count: 5 out of 10
Packing our new #ecofriendly inks for Uganda!
Don't forget it's Gold Card Week. 4 more days to cash in on great savings!
fuck. I needed osu and under for a nice pay day.
IT'S COOL THAT YOU DRIVE A DODGE STRATUS DAVE
Mell saved his team, but P won this round by a small margin! GAME ON!
Hey mama what it do? Gave me the world this song is for you, mama!
just found out what?
i wanna go for a bike ride
cant wait to lose 50$ on a horse i picked... liked the name... should be exciting tho
Why is it called the Midwest not the Mideast when it's technically more east than west?
Did that really just happen? Omg on that note taking a nice long nap
Libraries for free access and opportunity for all! L, Yes! www.savethelibrary.org
#ITSABOUTTIME you stop chasing after someone elses man or girl
LP JV football opened up a can of woop ass on Pueblo South JV football score: 32-0
Join us on #WheresWaldo and tell us about your exciting industry #event you're attending. #businesstravel We're social too!
IMY like everyday....
": you know I am down with you like four flat tires EXCEPT with your Heat LOL #LAKERNATION" A-Mand, Bishop!
Thinking bout gun shopping....
Q7: yes, that's one of the reasons i try to sleep good
Shot a new video today, now its time to go let loose at the club!!
Mandarin oranges cheese itz n cold water then off to bed with my Queen
Prime is Correct about Tony Romo. Time for the Dallas Cowboys to move forward. He will be gone at seasons end!
On one hand it's a pity Keith Olbermann is so "difficult" but on the other hand if he wasn't he wouldn't be the Keith we know and love.
aww how sweet lol. have fun ladies
I feel you Sitch..
I'll just wait til Avengers 2 comes out.
I KNOW I don't want to get hit on but that was a very wise salesman and a gourmet moose shit maker.
Man. #Caps couldn't buy a goal on that power play.
not 100% percent yet but will let u know A$AP!
thanks God bless!
It's kind of hard to have an open conversation about opening up a troubled platform on a platform (G+) that is itself closed.
So good to chat, !
hey…you need to join us at BSD.
As always, well played - well played. You never disappoint.
we have the best prices and we delivery the best mexican food in denver look us up on yahoo at picososmexicanfood.com
We love chronic pain research!
Some people don't understand the word "bestfriend" and its true meaning ... I still have my two till the end :)
call me
At least one yellow from you today, ok? Maybe to take down Donovan...? ;)
Crime Stoppers is temporarily unable to reply to DM due to the recent hack. I will respond later this evening. The account should now be OK.
Aziz Ansari talks comedy, food and his ‘Parks and Rec’ co-stars on Reddit
A bedtime challenge: Take an Ambien with two full glasses of water & see what your body deems more important: Waking up or pissing your bed.
Mitt Romney's primary headquarters was kind of dead, but Newt's is a party! That's not an endorsement. Just an observation.
Turmeric and coriander may be the stars, but don't underestimate the value of cinnamon and cloves in curry.
im not she asked me im i in cali dah
wish we could have helped with this Dodgeball event!
apples and peanut butter>>>
RT : Here go the niggas who watch games when the playoffs on... Kobe can't guard Westbrook? Yeah ok
#DWTS Who cut the front out of Brooke's dress? Looks slutty. Yeah, go ahead just call me Rush.
You want me to tell you who's beautiful ? Read the third word <3 lololol
I'm on a very restrictive diet & won't be drinking for months. But my friends will be getting tasty beers from the Bruery.
terrifying. also, your poor camera
Thanks for all the "Follow Fridays" you crazy kids!
El Cajon City Council votes to eliminate city's Commission on Aging and Disabilities...
We can add any image to your Monster Kart, Bag Toss, 360 Game Pod, and more
great, how is it gonna be?
Just realized these pants don't have front pockets.
Ha. Yes ma'am... Busy keeps me out of trouble. I appreciate the nice message. Salud!
I've heard about this place and have been meaning to check it out. Love bocce ball!
#GirlsShould learn to keep there legs closed and #guysShould learn when that bitch is a bad idea #teamfollowback ;)
Amazing show last night! Va beach tonight! Last show with so come support!!
soccer games, farmers market, yoga, walks with ezra, greek festival, beers...the perfect day.
RT : it's not dropping out until they die. Call those campaigns "in remission"
Joey V, Timmy G out to NC
Troy Aikman calling Brady, "Montana like drive" so spot on!!!!
Operation Good Reputation starts today, kids.
To win, all you need to do is get up one more time than you fall down.
If you are living out of a sense of obligation you are slave.-Wayne Dyer
Im in the studio fina put some new Hits UP for yall stay tune thanks to all my supporter's i do it for yu #Tae Cash
Wish I was at the #nsvfummit! Busy working for being an early investor!
It's ok it's ok it's ok its ok you can run and tell your friends that I'm on
The FEC survived #dcquake and so did I... Hope all are ok and be safe
traighten right up.
Lunchbox Factory in Bellevue. Recommended.
Right? Bring Tito back and Theo too & while we're at it: Tek, Papelbon, Wake, Pedro, Manny!, Mike Lowell, who else?
Work consumes my life...
The Pima County Public Library in Ajo, AZ is without power and will be closed until power is restored.
RT Want to get the most out of your workout? DO eat a balanced diet.
how much more attention do you want?
back up your itunes folder, copy it to the new itunes folder. or even leave it anywhere, every song you play gets copied to itunes
Thanks One day is for amateurs. www.screwearthday.com
thanks for the #FF! I'm a huge advocate for MD local wines!
yeah we are! & if you live out of state just practice from the videos!
": Hearing a song you really like on the radio, and trying to remember part of the lyrics so you can google it when you get home."
We all are parts of the same puzzle! Thanks YaYsmile :)
You should come!!
#whenifirstmet GeminiSharese she was three years old and wouldn't stop biting the shit out of me everytime I went to Grandma's house...
thanks to all who came out to mayor 's press conference today announcing 's Apr 15 event. 10 miles of car-free streets
Yea!! Thanks!!
I'm going to guess the Kosher Indian is the other way around. No meat, just vegetarian, keep the butter and cream.
is focused on the next step because it's always the most important!!!
I tried to watch Syndromes and a Century a few weeks ago. Felt meh at end; probably would've loved it in the theater.
watchin pawn stars. bored. cold.
i have no clue saying we should hang out and shit .hmm
Hahah - I saw it. The only thing that was missing - "WESLLEYYYYYYYYY!!!"
ready for you may 19
ADAM Y U ALWAYS TROLL US
two weeks of manicures have been those colors respectively. I love them.
So sorry to miss the event! Would love to gone, but my day started at 5:00 am and I'm sleepy. Very sleepy.
I'm in Portland. Couldn't make #NABShow this year, but hope to be there next! Nice to meet you via tweet. --
i have the day off doing school work
Madison: , Dotty's Dumpling Dowry, Wondos, Brochah, Jenna's... Many more, it's Madison after all.
spent a whole day with him <3
Sorry, I have nothing to tell you or sell you.
About to interview LL Cool J via satellite. He's hosting the Grammys Sunday night on CBS. What should I ask?
i wantchu to come over
Sorry, but my other hoes have me so busy!
Men who don't like girls with brains don't like girls. ~ Mignon McLaughlin
SNOW - Our next project is very different. Rock star, love, sorrows, music, and well...snow.
retweet this if you find it gross when people eat doritos on the el. makes me wanna barf from the smell. same potential for cheetos just fyi
haha phew! Well i only use em with someone i really really like, It just flows then :)
Don't mess with someone else's relationship just because you can't get one. #thisiswhywebrokeup<\3 someone else was jealous
is ur Gmail ur primary email? Sent something there but thought about it after the fact lmk
Thanks! It's been a fun project. Can't wait to turn it into a book to share.
"Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine." Anthony J. D'Angelo
I am honored to be showing #IWantYourMoney at #CPAC Theater - Thurgood Marshall Ballroom, Sat 02/11 Hope to see you there!
I hate this feeling
Thats shipping included?
"If you deliberately set out to be less than you are capable, you'll be unhappy for the rest of your life." - Abraham H. Maslow
for making smss12 trend... and of course for many other undisclosed reasons :) have a good one
We have a company holiday outing riding the bike tonight at 8! Come say hi when you see us out!
Amazing how your whole world can crumble with just a few words
Chili cheese fritos and A&W rootbeer are my weakness! Lol So good!
[5 - 1] The Milwaukee Brewers scored against the Houston Astros in the bottom of the 4th inning. Houston Astros 5, Milwaukee Brewers 1
; I love music too <3 expecially the kind you singg (;
Rondo looks like he's is in so much pain... I hope he's ok.
Good! : haha I will!
that last tweet of mine was meant for you
KIK me back, we have a mission >:)
The number is actually to a bridal shop in NYC. They've placed a message on their line informing callers that it's a scam.
Working on a exciting project to get images & stories on "welcoming the stranger" into houses of faith across North Carolina. More to come.
Yes i do remember, however i haven't come up with an idea yet. Its so good i want to do it just.
Ready to put my all in these finals!!! On my way to Morehouse when August comes!!! Ready for new experiences, new people, and ready 2 partay
RT : 79 days till I go to 301 in London, Oxford, Paris, and Normandy.
ByeeZ! GoinG To My Otheer Class!! LateR!
Laird will lead off the 11th with a home run and then LaRussa will take credit for having Molina get ejected.
Someone use my photo Haha thanks
So does winning a gold medal for a design presentation make me a "real" ux designer now?
Rondo = triple-double sunday
There have been, but they were tiny. Let's hope that Cascadia Subduction Zone doesn't go. ;)
drop drink over lap. Then pee. No one would notice. Febreeze
MY DOG IS EATIN HIS DOG FOOD SO FAST
Amon.... He can't even see that hes the worst kind of bender of them all. Of course all he wants is power and people to fear him.
Facebook acquired Glancee (that was quick!) - Amazing what SXSW can do for your company
Its all fun and games until somebodies' furniture starts floating down the street
But all I can do now if leave it in Gods hands and have faith that he will help us get threw this
welcome to
i got #UPALLNIGHT. :) it's amazing
hahahaha u got me holmes! I think?
No but I do on pinterest and Facebook. Jealous wife of an old friend. RT do you ever wonder if you have a twitter stalker?
Partying all Summer. :P
Evan with dreds >>>>>
"these docs don't care if you are on time. We have to wait so long, it ought to be free."
what happened?
believe in your own abilities to achieve greatness!!!!
Congrats well deserved and so glad grandma is there to share the moment
Den wanna retweet me.
Done packing up the car. Really gonna miss 229 Forest Park. This place has been good to all of us. Definitely the ideal college experience
And with that #Rangers victory, they will have the back page of the papers...even if the score holds up here at Camden Yards.
once upon a time... your a slut. the end
Andy Varejao thinks Kotchman took a dive... And gives it two thumbs up!
Babe , lets be nothing i heard it lasts forever♥ .
great suggestion! We'd love to bring it back, stay posted!
that's whats up tell spin that JUICED UP, and watch the crowd go crazy...we JUICED UP,WE TOWW uP...
yeah man. I can't stand that shit. I'm sure it's the same people who used to fuck with me about loving the team so much.
Thanks love!! RT : happy bday! Many many more centuries to come!
I already want him signed long term!
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
how u feeling?!?
She used to be the sweetest girl.
I got to start calling and texting people back, when told too. It seems like am being disrespectful and rude
Super duper bored
just got your card for christmas. Can't wait to start breaking it in!
i keep planning on reorganizing my closet. but then i realize naps sound more fun.
I still like that call.
play 5322 for the evening.
how do we make even better?! how about by adding another 20,000 square feet for YOU to get your dance on > www.BigNightDC.com
you still know my coffee habits -- ex roommate point for you.
Thank you for sharing my post
#lol #THATsJUSTwrong --->>> “: I wonder if tap dancers ever look at the floor and say to themselves, "I'd tap that"
An actor needs to get some help to make his career happen. A good agent goes a long way.
I just love you... your the best actor. love everything you have ever done. can you follow me? it would make my life!!!
Poetry readings at 's TURF today from 2-7!
Like a fucking good laugh, and love a good fucking.!")
tell the ids to check out cafe gratitude. it's vegan and truly SF, which is either great or awful depending.
Az BeerFest! How we liking TailGate?!
Not surprising to see Tiger get crushed. He hasn't played enough over the past 6 months. Somewhere Keegan Bradley is pretty bummed.
I finally realized,That I can't get you off my mind (`▽´)-σ
All those that hug and profer yellow journalism, i'll start blocking. Get yourselves a gossip-sheet site instead.
Three things a guy want to change about his girl is her last name, address and her viewpoint on men.
"I know that I'll never stand as tall as these buildings, I'll never quite reach the sky"
#eyeroll MT : Gingrich on WI ties "We own a share of GB stock so we have ties to the whole state in that sense."
Agree. blocking is a slippery slope. Better to educate, provide guidance and roles. Some framework is reasonable.
Well I certainly have not missed Norfolk's traffic + construction
I thank you all for that. With all the great things and great people in District 14, it's an easy thing to do.
One day these fake ass marks gunna realize that what they think is "Real" is as fake as they are
Going Green: windows cause heat, tint or use (white) blinds. Doors and windows for caulking. 305-232-3344 we will inspect ur building.
Motorcycle would be better :P Something like a Kawasaki Ninja 800cc
Don't worry about life, you're not going to survive it anyway.
Game Time!
No tizzy, I have no allegiance....but whenever I read through tech websites or read stuff from Apple friends..there's always
Natalie and Emma get waffles, I get cereal
Follow Please? Its Almost Her Birthday.!
wow! NICE!
Hubby just transferred 23 months of his Post 9-11 GI Bill to me! That covers the rest of my BA & at least half of my Masters. Love that man!
totally! shoot me an email, I'll get it to you ()
(what's all this about cakes?)
ha ha! No shit! You called it,
another shitty looking day for me . cool
In bed before 11...
Happy Christmas! good food, GREAT wine and warmth of family.
Thanks for the follows!
haha what time is your rehearsal over tonight?
follow me
my favorite show on Ssoo COLD BEER on the shaft of your penis...gets rid of embarrassing boners..idk that really sounds like a MANSWER
Don't put words in my mouth. And the words that do come out of my mouth don't get them twisted!
Hey, I can make a song about your teeth ' black and yellow black and yellow' and you need to hear the remix 'green and purple.
congrats.best champ since cena.great time 2 cash it in.great job last night
you're welcome bud. Gotta look out for our followers
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there
Really a Great great match! Chelsea vs. Napoli
In the words of 'YOLOin cuz YOLO' sums up my life right der
RT : Foster Care Friday Fact: Nelson Mandela, James Dean & Babe Ruth have 1 common bond - they were all #fostercare kids.
Wtf do they like about him bo
looks like if i have facts straight, '98? I think. Don't banish me if I'm wrong though!
Mud: Let dry completely, brush off. Soak fabric in 1/4 cup detergent & enough water in a bowl to cover for 1 to 2 hrs. Wash.
lucky!! I get them off in like another year and a half!! :(
Moss for 1 year, which will be his final year to prove his worth for big time $ to other teams, or Plaxico, for same reasons?
do ya want it to say n e thing?
Feeling a really real connection to Aaliyah right now
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3 4
Jurassic Park 4: Dinosaurs with Made Up Names
Brian Dietz will serve as the next interim president and CEO of St. Mary's Hospital ().
lol I did to hey can u go follow my group twitter n be a fan of use.... please
I'm becoming a ninja of writing! Kick out articles left and right.
Yep, Rice has 1 game lead over MB & Holton. 2 games over me. 6 to go...time to make my move :)
IM GOING TO TEEN HOOT IN 4days here I come , and yay I cant wait!!!!
Getting ready for bed? Nope. Being a good friend? Yep.
it's good.
is it just me or do these things want to fight back!!!?
really excited about our newly designed blog compoent. it makes blogging about art and artistic thoughts exciting www,itsartnotstuff.com
Sometimes I wish a giant would carry me around in his breast pocket and I could just relax.
So damn tired, but it was a nice coming home to a clean house! Thanks babe!
Follow back caca :) ?
#Bleu is looking for an online editorial director . If you are interested send your resume to . NY residents a plus
Jobs , jobs, jobs, that will lead us to a better real estate economy.
366 followers! Thanks!!! Keep the support up! New tunes being prepared! :) needs all the love! :) <3
RT : 1980s Tom Waits songbook sitting on top of the pile at Fate in action. Purchase made.
Having a day off gets a little boring, and you find yourself doing work anyway...sometimes.
tell your friends to follow usto get amazing discount
I hate when flights are full
Way to pretty to be inside!!
LADIES: that fake gay shit is so FUCKING CORNY!
Sometimes when life seems a little hard, my lil girl is all that is needed to up lift my soul.
Well played Indiana, well played.
Kobe a dog man he got this and you know it
Sometimes awful things have their own beauty. Maybe I'm heartless, like i just don't care.
Raffle crew getting ready to sell tickets to the Ravens folks.
I do haha!
awww you're so sweet Bingy, marry me
ok... Just keeping my options avail just incase something comes up
You are my 100th follower. Thank you and the other 99 followers! Cheers!
It *is* like opening gifts sometimes! Sadly I can't accept bribes in exchange for opening TCs but you can visit the Museum & watch!
rondo beating everyone.
thanks for following! Have a great week!
Who has good info to share about performance support tools for mobile delivery?
Not now, but I go there often. I haven't seen any other virtual or real friends check in there though.
Derrick Frost back on board with Chiodos!
Yessir is co-hosting this afternoon on the radio w/Pauly.. gettin' ready for his performance tonight at Tilt!!
Listening to Harold Varmus talk at #Berlin9 : Publications are an essential part of research, worth funders paying for!
Hey these Insiders show you have quite the extensive and diverse staff. Need in house counsel that can also do game design?
I've no doubt. Plenty of comedy gold in your mine.
LOL I'M SO GLAD I DIDN'T GO TO TRADE SCHOOL TODAY! THEY'RE ALL COMPLAINING ABOUT THE SUB! #Breakfastclubproblems! :D
I'm on a roll! 4 hours down 4 to go
Goin' out on a sartorial limb today - no black!
The other word. Hence my reaction.
no! *stomps off* lol
he did it big too, no apologies. Ken Burns' doc on him is AMAZING.
tweets to you c:
The Lord told me to tell you that the Glory has left the Lakers and it rests on the Heat!!! sheoughobo
nothing much
Judge rejects releasing bin Laden photos
Good Morning Austin!<3 How did you sleep?(:
4 sure just did
wow I thought it was just me i.e. Jenny Craig commercial! yuck.
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention... "I hate my mom." You want ur way. "I'm stressed, I need a vacation." U just got back. "We need to stop." ;-)
Col is now on Twitter, I suggest you follow.
ik me too! She's so talented 💗
yea I got it Wednesday
Didn't win the
I have no words.
Had teal nails! Red next maybe...??
Statement by Love family thanks prosecutor Dave Chapman for his "tireless efforts".
Well, that's 90 minutes I'm never getting back.
RT I support as a Community Web Producer--our voice for ATL's historic & dynamic South/SW neighborhoods!
Fried with
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there.
may have been a goat in another life, considering all the garbage I've consumed today.
- We're Glad you love the results of your Google Business Photos Shoot!
When i heard he was talking to someone else, i wanted to jump off a cliff. I HATE THIS FEELING"
Woman, you look GOOD in that dress! Definitely wear it to the prom! :)
the things we keep: weekend snaps.
one of my neighbors has a green sedan with a stormtrooper helmet with crossbones printed on the on the hood. not a good sign.
Good news! I can now open a beer bottle with a screwdriver and a house key
when a guy say i'm pretty it feels different from when my friends say that i am..
I should be sleeping..
I know. It's disgraceful.
Some of us needs advice from others 2 navigated thru life whatever happen 2 the master theory we all control our own destiny by faith.
AUSTIN I FREAKING LOVE YOU COVER OF SOMEONE LIKE YOU. So beautiful! Follow back please?(:
thinks today is spend all those gift cards day
We text 24/7, but when we meet, it's so awkward.
he didn't move yet . He's moving tommorow !
My mom is thrilled to FINALLY take off some lbs. I have not seen her this happy in too long.
#NCAAFinals Kansas looks immature right now
I hate when they show Movie Previews / Trailers on TV and dont tell you who stars in them makes me NOT want to see the movie for that reason
I know, right? I think I might just start with the last few chapters.
Any great new software finds from folks who spent time at MacWorld SF?
Hugh Crawford: Object orientation as a form of desire like other orientations.
feel better bud
Couldn't go to sleep until I prestiged again on mw3!!!!!!! With
Christmas Vacation with the Griswolds will always be my favorite holiday movie. "is your house on fire Clark?"- aunt Bethany
Taekwondo & Karate students: Check out Quest for the Way: Origins of the Martial Arts on Amazon Kindle eBooks
Just made reservations for Serendipity 3! =D
Kobe's answer about World Peace's elbow on was perfect
For my advancement friends, anyone heading to #caseindiana tomorrow downtown? Going to miss
Bywater Films looking to produce marketing videos for SF food trucks. Tweet back if interested.
that's right up there with "no this wasnt designed to be exposed to users, but it's totally user friendly!"
Happy Sweetest Day everybody.
slap him across the face and then hug him for me
Awesome. Thanks!
Text Me Im Sad:(
thanks for the @ and #happymothersday to a great mom!
lol ... you just sent the same tweet like 8 times! I <3 the spam goddess!
Thanks, Saint!
hahahahah schubie I love u. Miss ya boo ;)
❤❤ Dream as if ull live forever , live as if u would die today! ❤❤
Sorry to hear it!
I've been at my parents' house for not even 24 hours, and I think I've already gained 5 lbs.
any tix left for tonight's show? thanks.
Herman Cain = Andy Kaufman?
I have 30 minutes to write a 5 page paper. lets see how well this goes.
Yeah, just pick me up some firewood and some m&m's. Thanks for asking.
I just can't. get. enough. coffee.
Be careful. Mentioning the #RedSox when you're next to could get you thrown out of the press box.
Knowing you are on Twitter made me smile today!
“: Water would taste a lot better if it was vodka.” and Vodka would taste a lot better if it was
RT : Happy Birthday to one of my favorite WWE Superstars, my son !
Weird to say this but soaking up the sun never felt so god. Relax, don't do it! I'm gonna get dark!
Someone totally needs to put that in a movie!
how do you know this?
I like it too, but like , the paper makes me a bit nervous.
drinkin at your house???
Cool - Thanks. I will certainly add it.
Sarah stop.
again another impressive speech ! I envy you your job working for this great man as history will prove out !
The coffee is hot and donuts, scones & granola await! Come on over, friends! 125 Fleet St.
When one team dominates a series 75-37-5, is it really a "rivalry" anyway? Enjoy the SEC.
I didn't know what else to say ha
please. Follow me??♥
Oh, now that you're "in the spotlight" you think you can act big & bad?? #Please realize no one liked you then, no one likes you NOW!
Thank YOU! It was great texting with you! :)
Hey! I'm still here. Virtually. A few miles away.But close enough...
that's rough
#Don'tBeAfriad To Sing As Loud As You Want.
I know the game...analyst!
meh it got boring :P uh i have school soon :( *cries*
Last night was Crazy, Blazers tore up the lakers and the Roots came to town. Today I am heading to the Brew fest at the Rose Quarter.
"Mahone.." and then she's like "yeah him!" i was like BITCH BACK OFF HE IS MINE.
lmao. this is why i
Dont forget about me
Let's go Wildcats!
Sorry I work more than once a week, unlike you.
the real reason you care less and less about the nfl is cos ur geordies boys are 3rd in the premier league
Chelsea lately. Bye. Insomnia. Bye.
great point!
"The High Cost of Bathing" Bathing fell out of favor in the middle ages, when filth on you was considered protection against illness....
Twitter Poll: What dessert do you like best after eating a sushi meal?
are you SB's fish lovers? Yes or no? what's your favorite sea food and how do you like it prepared?
Packers hope McMillian cures safety issues - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
As my schedule gets finalized for the week, I'll email you and
thts so sweet :')
We support Red Necks 100% in our neck of the woods. Love #NitroCircus they
they have no life. Just because you hang out with her. Its your life. Why do they have that much hate on herr?
In Griffith's Born Again Bodies, she talks bodies, race & religion esp how thin equals white & "good"
Almost got arrested. So rebellious. #noiseviolation /yd
Follow us on Twitter
Oh yeah RT : RT if you’re going to see #Avengers again this weekend!
- Taco Tuesday's and Slider Wednesday's !!!
"a great team guy" "plays decent defense" "starting to hit the ball hard,just right at guys" #MarinerExcuses for
As if you needed another reason to visit the today. MT giving out candy for halloween at MGC 3rd floor School of Comm
Think "ALEX". Government efficiency left when President Eisenhower left. Burn it into your little brain.
Thanks ! Nice virtually meeting you
HAPPY NEW YEARS 2012
Which is further from downtown Detroit: Ypsilanti or Troy?
Read your favorite poem aloud for others at our Say You, Say Me poetry event. Today. 6:30PM Evelyn Meador Branch...
I like to think it's with my looks.
how's everyone doing?! we'll be releasing the winners of the contest this later this week, we're loving all the entries!
Oh U do photography too...word lets set up a Time! I cant wait
Moved my hands today for Wendy ( the girl with red hair "zip another one-stop!-grab it-up-up-up-eat it-put it down-send it on its way"...
#citytalk Agreed US Public Housing was good until we stopped maintaining it in the 50's. Please were scared to throw litter.
Lmfao @ Mean Girls "Don't have sex because you will get pregnant and die! So just don't do it now anyone want some rubbers?" xD
Tropical nurseries are filled with ferns bromeliads and orchids...such amazing plant species! I want to take them all back to NYC
this is tron by the way
I finally know what it feels like to be 16 years old! Now I can finally start writing bad rockabilly songs about driving cars!
well I am not going to listen haha 😝
No Josh. Great shot Josh
Great Brightcove get together at Marvin last night. My heads at the beach now. Headed to the Outer Banks later today.
Nice bow Prust u just bought urself a dinner date with shannaban
Played a great show after a really difficult week. This is exactly what making music should be--uplifting.
I was one of the people who stood up for Pau not being traded this year. Never again. He was pathetic last night.
Hey #bmgen folks: working w nonprofits, how do you tend to map funders, clients, partners, members... to customers, partners, resources?
Bitch you aint no barbie ; i see you work at arbys, number 2 ; super size, hurry up i'm starvin, gnarly, radical on the block i'm magical[;
Every time you don't follow your inner guidance, you feel a loss of energy, loss of power, a sense of spiritual deadness. - Shakti Gawain
I'm a ass i swear
If you feel you know any high school athletic directors that would be interested in having their games broadcast, please let us know!
Methinks it's time to survey the local employment openings. The office vibes are ripening.
Racism @ Driftwood Elem. Sch in Hollywood, FL! White stud bullied 12 y-o black, Cedric, "Nigger" Bully's dad came, choked Cedric, hosp next
The only reason I'm going to school today is to max lol
I'll have to see if that would be possible, I don't know if I can use the camera for personal use or not. Missed you at T on T!
#libchat Q4 Get the lib work experience before graduation. Pursue what you believe in!
yeah Haha I'm looking for a quick non perscription thing for my boyfriend actually
Gonna be awesome. :)
Hispanic Jobs | Bilingual Jobs | Spanish Jobs | Latino Jobs ...
Office Cube Etiquette: My favorite, "Keep your voice down." www.tinyurl.com/24fagl7
idk dude call hr n be like look im just checking on progress to see if youve made a decision yet
There's no way it's only 70 degrees in Portland right now. I'm dying.
aloha adam. can we get you on ESPN Honolulu tonight to talk some NY Knicks at 10:20 pm et?
Left Seatac many hours ago and am finally on a supershuttle trying not to look at the scary driving. Home is close.
Hahaha okay :) I won't!
what's love got to do with it IKE crazy ass lol
Thanks for following us! Have a wonderful weekend!
Don't you all L O V E that feeling on Christmas Eve!? Where you can't sleep and you can't wait for your friends + family 2 open ur presents!
The winner of the rat race is still a rat.
Ha! “: RT : Life is canceled due to today's snow storm. #Seattle #snowday #StopSopa”
We lost one of boxings true legends tonight. Smoking Joe has been called home. Our thoughts and prayers are with the Frazier family.
About to channel my inner Michael Phelps! #BringIt gonna get a great swim workout in
thinking its gonna be a good year! Let's plan some sweet videos and photos with some models!
I'm writing mine now too haha
Heading to guitar center to pick up some things then heading to redding
lol! they just recognized ..im kinda a big deal, people know me
Why must you torture me? And I have NO IDEA WHAT'S GOING ON WITH DEMI MOORE!
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. ~ Thomas Jefferson
"The Prehistory & Abiding Impact of the King James Bible" - exhibit in Thompson Library Gallery thru Aug. 28
I just reliezed how much i miss Cody ):
Regardless if you "aren't supposed to hit girls" If a ratchet ass girl comes for me , or even touches me I will hit her. IDGAF.
Now this we'd love to see! RT One word: Grubby.
#Remember #NeverForget The first call I made when I learned about the WTC attacks was to the school. They were already on lockdown.
Sorry I stalked you to death. CC:
“: So upset I can't see Brad Paisley tomorrow with my girl Em... </3 ” #wahh me too but you'll look HAWT at prom!
You just gotta get out there! Start with a profile pic, sweetie!
take yo butt back to sleep then. This time of day is for
his "apology" was absolute disrespect to the parents.
havent tweeted in a while...hows everyones mothers day? (:
Someone just be nice for once.
Hi Mario! How are you? I still love "How Do I Breathe?" My fav song. Takes me back to 2007 when I went 2 summer camp in MO!!
Any1 working on fringe show whether it B NYC, Hollywood, Toronto, or Poughkeepsie shld B reading streem at
What an exciting day I had at Riverside Arts Market. Not only did I sell a lot of prints but 2 original paintings!!To view or purchase
“: Saturday will be an all day drinking affair , cinco de mayo !”
AGREED! Order my new book and finf out what happens for real: "Disenfranchised Dads"; at lulu.com; deprived of choice!
