Hell yes ! And since Romney signed gay marriage into law in Massachusetts this should be a non-issue in the election. Right?
I want some chesse cake,sweet tooth..
Bah! Aliens > Abyss > Terminator > Avatar > Titanic > T2 > Piranha 2 > True Lies
would like to learn more. drop me an email with more details a bit closer to the event date? :) awsstartups at amazon dot com
We would love to come into a large sum of money if anyone would like to assist us with that. #ifithelpswe'renice
I think that the contenders will use all they plan to use by the time bidding starts. A team ahead of them would bid more.
I think your priorities are in order.
For the uninformed, what's your fav #EPL squad?
thanks for the follow!
*shocked = sad
LADIES: I know you've been hurt, but don't no man wanna fix another mans mistakes
I'm an east side Cleveland wild boy
Show respect to receive it...
Had trouble deciding where to take the mom for mothers day - saw that hooters is doing a free boneless wings for moms deal.
First breakfast of 2012. If this french toast and bacon is any indication of how 2012 will be, than it is going to be one delicious year!
Low End Theory on repeat
#ChristianFacts Christian loves his fans so much he once went shopping with a shirt that says"I do it for my fans only" #ChristiansGirls xox
I just got HACKED!
Haha okay ill get right on that!(:
My iPhone still doesn't know Manayunk. Its really fighting this onr
just finished rolling a blunt
Memoirs of a geisha
At Shilo's with mamaw and Britt!
shid clouds this fight and what Eva eles is crackin why was good. N I got that bag too
I think I pulled something in my back
yes. Yes it is. But enjoy the introduction video with Ed Bradley once you get there.
Struggling to get your users to do an action? Think about their ability + motivation + trigger to complete the task says
insightful, funny, honest and filled with humanity...you were particularly good. got the photo of you and the boys rafting...sweet
to clean like alcohol but less harsh. (And i mean clean ur face)
Just brought a ELLE Magazine I love Fashion Magazines :D
SERIOUSLY, I turn your station off EVERY MORNING (literally!) because Chuck Booms is absolutely UNLISTENABLE!
We know you spoiled your Mom yesterday, now why not spoil yourself at #BkSq! >>
even then he will let u hyphenate :)
Girls Who Dont Give Head Are Fools...Not Cool
Why can't buffalo wild wings actually show sports? Every time.
she won an Emmy for it. Her replacement got better. It was my mom's favorite show.
Thanks for the MT!
"Does posi mean positive!?!" Bands learning things at Overlook Studios.
I am also an HSP and found you while tracking Happy Feet; nice to follow you along with HF :)
nice...just got another job interview... should have two web programming job interviews to kick off Jan 2012
Only for my Facebook friends, though. You got the advanced preview. Today I opened it up to Twitter.
just got out! I was dying too. We are not doing anything b/c IB students are testing...this is my last week of testing
#Lohse pitched a great game. it'll be nice to see those rings once they come back to St. Louis
Don't worry about the haters Nicole you made the right choice..Marcus was better last night!!
Congrats to for scoring a 32 on the #Wonderlic. & scored 25. I had 23 a 20. All above average
We had sushi last night too! We had salmon, tuna, and Kipp made spicy tuna roll, California roll, & spicy California roll!
What's more painful? A root canal or an ex in the waiting room?
lmao I knew you would eventually tryna defame my tweets nshit smdh
i luv that movie!!!!
today i met lovely ranom people!
Farewell special to our daily package of picks. All 10 for only $10 today! We will be back to $5 Guarantees and $10 Locks tomorrow! Hop on!
So i've heard. Most people I know are skipping.
Kathy Ireland's Presentation on Decorating with Antiques at 1pm today.
Constructivism Predictions? All or nothing norms, social distinctions matter more, creation of a world state.
Some people have lives, & some people have Lady Gaga.
so sick :( but spending the day with eli doing hw ;p
Cease viewing yourself as expert, collaborate w/others to expand perspective
Done unpacking. That only took..two days -_-
my friends are in the bathroom, getting higher than the empire state.
ok, will do.
You fuckin with the most dope knuckle heads getting money fuck the feds ya that's Stevie wonder bread
You need to go out and catch a unique animal. You know how? You got to nique up on him. LoL
Why doesn't Piers Morgan go back to looking for talent somewhere? CNN has really hit bottom. This case just outed all its mess.
#StopBullying TREND IT(:
we'll be back in ten minutes! Then we'll be headed out to go hiking around 1 for the rest of the day. So now or stop by tomorrow
Don't those have cool drum programs?
M....vodka cran
#AmericanIdol Fans don't take it for granted. Regardless who's the best singer, you have to vote. Best of luck to all.
"Give my liberty, Don't give me Debt!"
Up by nine!!! #Celtics!!!
If I trust my players then no TO RT Should Anthony Grant have called TO down 1 w/8 sec ? What do you do in those situations?
storm just came, I'm in an Irish bar with all the cops
"oh I just wanna rock your gypsy soul"
Granite "ore" marble…which do you prefer?
Crazy believes I am influential in metadata, science & tech, libraries, etc, and...skateboarding? What?
are you on xbox now? i have your money(:
Fitness Tip Friday–Do #affirmations every day before you fall asleep and when you first wake up! Change your subconscious mind to BE slim!
Cars?!?!?!?! r u serious????? omg u have to see it. its the cutest movie ever!!!
Wouldn't miss it!
Feeling #Blessed beyond belief, I have a feeling it's going to be a great day! Passing this feeling on. Have a blessed Tuesday!
Ahaha #LastTimeIChecked u still a bitch
Just checked back in to hopstop.com and was surprised how many cities they now cover. Get transit & walking directions for 37 major cities!
Takes an ass kicker to know an ass kicker =D
shit you ain't lying beautiful gonna make me slide that way tomorrow!
Hi looking forward to Seattle's SkiFever Show October 28, 29, 30.
#midleved What is on your YA reading list for the summer? About time I created mine & would love Ur help! Thx!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY.......to all the mom's in twitter world!!!!
And It still hurts when I think about you.
Watching #ghostadventures after working at a
Happy Birthday my man!
Not only does the newest workout apparel make you look pretty good, it can battle blisters, wick away moisture, and keep you feeling perky.
follow back? DM me?(:
“: Mic pre's are the number 1 most overrated pieces of equipment ever made” You're crazy as hell...
where in east LA can I go trout fishing? Like which lakes did they put the trout in?
#FF roll call. who's heading to #ewa2013 next week?
Has he taken his visit to UNLV yet?
It's amazing how much more fun breweries are than regular bars. Anyone wanna commit to being a fan of IPAs like me?
Ahaha no problem! :)
It feels better to say it aloud than keep it to myself
it was man. Beat them to death! Haha
oh em gee! No no no no no no ):
You just made our day!
on my way to the half
RT : Drew Barker is now talking with South Carolina and LSU. I think we've got our top player in Kentucky for 2014.
a small fleet of ipads
bryz=overpaid now & you just lost carter's 36 goals. if you think stamkos is going to philly, you are insane.
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout the whole cafeteria gets extremely quiet.
You're missing 4000 holes (see my previous tweet) from your database.
AlrigHt YeaH, FoLlow me ThankS
Backing my bags for a week long trip to
Hi - welcome to Twitterland! Merry X-mas love!!
lol I love your tweets!
Thanks for the +K's, I'm behind in my +K's! Will be at #coffeecon this weekend doing a #wine vs coffee debate w/
whos the scariest #legend playing #fantasyfootball..think u got the guts to take down a legend at
you musn't say anything to the Minnis. Just listen. Trust me.
Maybe it won't rain all weekend..lol! Can't always rely on news weather Chanel! :)
Looking forward to it!
I love you so much Jusitn<3please tweet back and follow
When does the MLS happening in Houston start??? Start the Twitter feed when it does so we can all be there!
RT Shut ya dumb ass up talking bout is disrespectful to Philly bitches. Its freaks all over the world that's real
got up bright and early to make brownies and do laundry
haha id love to! No plans yet, but I def wanna visit. If for some crazy reason I come during the summer youl have to..
give me french kisses
Let me get on my lyrical shit!
so that means text me back or get stomped.
the shittyness of some people can be so shocking...
no way that play was cja fault
no its isnt
lol that just brightend my day
I wanted beyonce to win
Lovely shout, Trish, thank you :-)
wow are you changing locations for good? I will have to find you :)
YES. READ IT.
You know it buddy! And THANK YOU ... I'm blushing :)
Bitch just touched my food! Have she lost her marbles!?!?!? Oh that cunt bag, so disrespectful!
how was everyone's weekend?
IM STARVING ! !!
tell us what you think of our designs!
Here in the beautiful, sunny offices of helping to #codeacross (america)
I need a pedicure my feet suck
Watching the SFG/STL game..GO GIANTS!!!
#fingerscrossed “: Crossing fingers that this guy busts out a ramp and board and answers questions while skating.
Very disappointed at the last minute notice about the films being cancelled. I really wanted to see
Life's not about the people who act true to your face. It's about the people who remain true BEHIND YOUR BACK.
Mitt Romney in Washington DC (500 8th St., NW) on Wednesday to raise money for campaign
Perfection: "...to combine the seasick physicality of hardcore punk with instrumentation beyond guitars and emotion without anger."
why does it smell like somebody bathed in bacon qreese this mornin' ?
My new phone comes 2morrow.
Because you fail to see the crippling economic and environmental impacts of industrialized beef production?
Watching celebs discuss the Occupy Movement on Twitter is reminiscent of having a go at stand up on Comedy Central.
wwwwwhhhhhhhaaaaaaatttttt again!!!!!!!!! For what now?????? Y didn't I know :/
If a Zombie is Decapitated and the Brain is in tact. Does the Head Live?
Michigan had to ruin a perfect first round for the
In this rainy day nothing better to eat than a Wanto Soup!!! Hm comfort food....!!
ARe there specific orgs or columnists whose views your column is meant to refute? 2/2
Epoxy floor paints are also available in many colors for all those who require a little special attention in their floor cloor
Yup. Still sitting here waiting. Awesome.
West-side residents concerned, frightened about decapitation - KOLD-TV West-side residents concerned, frightened about decapitation KOLD-
And the would you rathers have started......
i LOVE you jasmine :D
ah shit. My reply all tweet skills suck. This is why I will never credit myself "REPLY ALL TWEET BY..."
I turn it off when Donald comes on, but I multitask and am watching the Crew too :)
trying to get a contact on you the WB card I got had a different number
Final rehearsal before tour complete. Ready to hit the road...hope you can join us!
Its soo sad ur own kid wants to move out and never talk to u again...ur a pathetic excuse of a mother
I want subway.
might be a Brazilian tho
RonRon was acting too normal for a few hours. Devin Ebanks thought he had to up the crazy. #isheforreal?
- ps tony.. my email ding is like pavlov's bell too! I ALWAYS check it!
Happy St. Patrick's Day, everyone!
When ur txt a hot girl and ur phone <<<<<<<
will you both be at Glue next month?
I'm good how bout yourself
Thanks for the RT!
hahaha, you would be ;P
Fam observations from this wknds visit home: if I lived @ home i'd weight 300lbs & pops insists on putting the toilet paper on upside down.
i would listen
HELP ALEXIS MEET JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!!!
"Be not simply good, be good for something." Henry David Thoreau, died this date 150 years ago
just listened to the entire #definition package and #theComplexExperiment package while studying. Get at em
alternative investment rates are simply too low to encourage owners to sell: the days of 5% returns are a distant memory
Beach Bound
We have a jar to put a dollar in if you're 1 min late to the daily scrum. The money is donated to charity picked by The Team.
Love it when I figure out something & help someone else learn something new too.
I actually ran into Deborah (owner PaperJam) she said art prints are her favorite!
Though it seems like we're the only ones at work today, we are here. We've got a Friday morning blog post coming right up!
the #redsox are actually winning right now, but I don't even care.
I'm glad to & have been very encouraged by all the possitive feedback too
What are you doing awake so late? :O
Yeah! We got him about 8 weeks ago :) His name is Walter!
. we miss Chris too, but Andy does mix up a pretty mean cocktail in his place
please donate 10 cents to Aurora for us! thanks!
So glad to be watching the #scandal encore. Missed it the first time. It's AWESOME!!!
the only #SXSWi tweets i'm following are 's because she's the #1 influencer on and she's super digital
Discount coupon lifetime fitness
40 minutes please hurry!!!!!
Still serving up #Ahi #Salmon and Thai tea. Come on down to South #SanJose Ca. Kaiser Santa Teresa Farmers Market! Get your lunch here!
Skyping at coffee shops is more awkward than blueteeth. #talkwithyourhandsmuch?
1913 photo of the Kew Gardens tea house after it was destroyed by militant suffragettes
As someone who works for an EHR company, I'm obligated to say yes. :) However, there's more to it than just EHRs
so excited to come down and see u salon FL!!! I won a vacay at the Xmas party!! You have to show me a good time!
man get da fck on dude u giving me a got dam ear infection plus a head ache
Hi Caitlin! You can call any time to ask for the approx. eta of your cab 773-561-4444(city) & 847-303-0303(suburbs). Have a nice weekend:)
Working on projects with colleagues? Want a shared space to track the project's progress? Check it out! www.IamINC.biz
Let us die young or let us live forever, We don’t have the power but we never say never. #foreveryoung <3
Why summer now?
My pleasure & of course! How green is the ground your way? I lived in Atlanta for several years...crazy pollen!
yall heard that Amen with drake and meek mill tho?
and then I left.
I can! First check out my work BTW flexible prices, lots of deals we can talk...www.leocortesstudios.com
#TomStoppard #RnGrDead : #RichardDreyfuss is amazing in this; Tim & Gary too, of course.
Cleaning up my computer desktop was much easier than cleaning up my real desktop.
I'm all-jacked-up on tiramisu and Starbucks!
Hey! You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me ;) <3.. BUT PLEASE IVE BEEN TRYING EVER SINCE!xo
do you have any auto items??
check out debuting May 2011 caters to hot new designers!
the responses to your tweet "Boozer didn't address the media after the game" show how Bulls fans feel about him.
come club with me.lol.
Missing my Ave... how many days now?
2012 STAR Awards: Pfizer volunteers provide essential help to Kalamazoo Loaves and Fishes
Naps should be a required item each and everyday.
Good Morning.... "Happy Sunday" == FUNDAY ====
shut up go to bed
Dropping some heat rite now.... man we coming y'all... But of course it's for the ladies first...# HeatMakers!!!!!!!!
ok I promise :)
my thoughts exactly my dude
Ultimately for some things, I think the manual is obsolete because a device should be intuitive and have instruction built in
An accredited online MBA degree will carry significant value in any organization's hiring and career advancement decisions.
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657, please follow me back. :)
If you spell out numbers, how far can you get before you use the letter "a"?
No. That didn't just happen. No...
Thank you! Looking forward to joining the conversation next week!
haha its ok im in the US :D shes a lot more popular here lol
Yes. But: Might trade societal justice if it meant having their boy back.
Real eyes realize lies.
haha at my sister saying I could probably pass with her old ID.. which is actually true and I should try it one day 😉
He's learning. RT : Finley-I could care less about the contract right now. I'm fortunate to be in the position that I’m in.
:) RT Any child or old or sick person who's dying wish is to trend on twitter prolly deserves what's coming to them.
bethanar: #sla2010 seems a zillion years ago - New Orleans itself may never quite leave me! amazing city :)
People! Tell ur people to tell there people to trend
calvin johnson?
Kristie just said, "You're turning 18 next year! ARE YOU EVEN IN SCHOOL?" omg
went through FB withdrawal for the 1st few days, but i'm cool now, lol
thanks buddy!!
GOD DAMN! people should just be themselves and not follow other peoples bad actions like seriously u should all be #trendsetting nough said
How could I not have jumped right in? You all have made me feel so welcome, thank you!
I'm gonna start collecting nail polish when I get the chance.
Great lunch with
Our middle relief fucking sucks
Tonights show is with HFB at The Twisted Cork in Bellevue, WA 9-1am
Hot-links on the grill!
Anthracite Coal Strike Commission by President Theodore Roosevelt.)
Although I may not see him as often as I like, he's still my first and last thought everyday and night... (:
Am close with Nick's boss in KC. The guy has a lot of talent. Will be interesting to hear you two.
How long are strawberry feilds?
Awww... Isn't the world so sweet
After a year of no new songs, we just put up a new song that has been sitting on the back burner for a while. I just finished recording...
Working on EOE blogging topics...
Hendo you are the freaking man!!
sure love ;D
you are a picture of awesomeness Jennifer I really appreciate the support and follow come check out
Aye soulja, Please do more stuff like Country boy. My favorite song from you. $alute and Much Love.
I support traditional marriage, but vote against amendment one
Hopefully everyone is having a great weekend, I know I am.
Its one great guest speaker after the next in 'Futures and Foresight' class. Fascinating insights tonight from
I hate to see or hear people getin bullied it hurts when I got bullied I did not eat for awhile but damn people can be mean
words cannot express how much I wish I were at #c21nonhuman attempting to tweet this amazing talk with you!
Frank Lloyd Wright's son invented Lincoln Logs.
I didn't know was on twitter!
Have to admit: intrigued by #GIRLS premiere tonight Lena Dunham is my age & already has HBO series+ award-winning indie film! Wow.
Can code a bit in PHP, python, java. Have been reading C# books for the Revit API and some JavaScript for dummies. You?
Get ready #SXSW because tonight it's on at the #FluentParty @ Maria Maria. #FluentBus is outside w/ another bar and Mobb Deep is performing
How does Virginia Tech only have 17 points? Michigan's D is terrible!
oh yes, yes it does...we here at the SweetWater love roller...and we love derby as well
yeah I hear ya. That would be nice.
Thanks for the follow, we're looking to hear about upcoming events!
In life you need one thing to survive: The ability to realize shit happens. You step in it, accept it, get over it & keep moving.
Passed #bchockey police escort on 95.
You have no idea how fast my heart races when I see you.
OMG, and now I'm in a van!
OMG missed 2 free throws and now the and one and Chandler is out the game...SMH
~~Stage freight Strategies Part 5~~ 9.Practice. Especially practice bits so you can spit out a few minutes of your program.
That's awesome! I hope my kids always like picture books.
:-X (continuing to hold in naughty comments) :)
This tweet brought to you by my tethered iPhone. And the letter E!!!! I finally made it to the future!!!!
You guys.. where should I go for lunch?
Hey beth howd your mirror brake? "Well i was driving and a trash can came outta nowhere and WAMM!"-
Are you referring to Braun's as the first or Alfonzo's as the first?
Hm...not intuitively sounding good to me. But I will have to try it.
I'm currently seeking 10 aspiring entrepreneurs who want to improve their game by working with me 1-on-1. Are you in?
they just cancelled pan-am. Boo loved it. No I mean in length to watch anythig here is longer, 100% more ads its v frustrating
They are really giving a Flagrant foul here...thats insane!!
cant it just cool off, had enoguh of summer heat
Im praying for you I just herd u had a heartattack, been praying since 094 ur full recovery im just guessing god doesnt Hear
yes. it's bad.
Grandpa says to use peat moss instead of soil to get carrots started growing quicker.
I qot money to blow! . ^^
I'm so tired, right now I'm like --> O__-
no boy
#svc lost a tight game...final score 10-9
Great race for Bodemeister, Mike Smith and Bob Baffert!!
Where can I get one?
best bang for your buck = David SunFlower Seeds !
cool as the other side of the pillow...
I'm blazed at McDolalds and my order number is 420. Wish everything in life made this much sense.
So, if you're not watching this season of Torchwood... I don't know what to tell you. Way to step it up folks.
#vermont tease al day. Taking the train in NY up and being able to see my homeland and not actually go.
Previous quote by Paul Gauguin to Emmaneul Bibesco, 1901. sorry to break up the q. but it had to be said!
Sweet.sweet success
"A single semantic web is a Victorian taxonomic nightmare." David Weinberger
Oh Hampton Inn & Suites...thank you for your lovely soft pillows!! z
Honestly, is there a reason why Mosquitos exist?
RT : There are no dangerous weapons. There are only dangerous men - Robert A. Heinlein
i get my social life back in two weeks. fucking stoked.
As soon as they offer Internet access, resume help, and story time, and make a profit, I will welcome my new overlord.
My dog Jasmine has to walk twenty-five pounds off me.
jehovah's witnesses are out in full force today...be careful
They are the best!
they were leading by a goal last game, and lost it in about 11 minutes.
TY for the follow.
According to Chief: APD detectives & uniformed personnel captured an armed bank robber. But according to us, they're still a bunch of dicks.
u damn rite lol. Naw but everyone needs a lil guidance
Temp of 104.5. Sick as a dog. Could really watch Free Willy 2: The Adventure Home but SOMEONE won't give it back. Ahem ......
I sent you a DM
feeling the same Minty!!! Were's my mr. Post?
I don't think my school should incorporate mechanical pencils- some students don't have access to them.
Harry Reid says, "It's time to act like adults"..."the economy hangs in the balance."
Thanks for the RT! See you there? Know you don't wanna miss winning big ticket prizes again. ;-)
I am goin to fail my Flash class... Awesome.
90 minutes until #Gamecocks take on Stanford! I've got a feeling that tonight's gonna be a good, good night!
With my love get'n some food then relaxing for the night .. Spring Fling Festival Tomorrow NIGHT in Long Beach, BE THERE !
Getting AMPED on caffeine and at Red's Cafe. Finals, I do not appreciate you.
big fan Scott. You and Rocillo know so much more about sports than Cowherd. Keep up the good work!
I met the sales manager of diecutstickers.com at the event I worked yesterday, so I'm gonna get a quote from him. They rule.
yes, ty for the reminder. they know abt it & told me to wait a day to see where he is. shew...kitteh illness is stressful!
Stop by for some great Mexican food while you're in Cleveland!
This rain <<
-2 prevent stigma & abuse youth need space 4 open dialogue, be empowered in relation 2 own body & learn 2 respect ppl's differences.
Brb lemme go cry off my stress
Hey guys guess what? We're 20 likes short of 200, only 20 people! Help us out =]
so i have your heart but i don't want to give it back
When you meet a person you should have sex with them and get to know them later. I thnk that's an easier way to get to know people.
Loved 2m2mm. You guys are inspirational... And sickos.
David Hockney: Photography is fine if you like to see the world from the persp of a paralyzed cyclops for split second (paraphr
that doesn't even make sense. Like... What???
Come join us on Facebook - www.facebook.com/TheConcertStage and visit us online at www.TheConcertStage.com. Photo galleries and concert blog
its not about money money money i dont need your money money money i just wanna make the world dance forget about the price tag.
ComputerWorks360.com would like to welcome into our family of Managed IT Services clients!
Staring at the world through my rearview!
This present for him >>
Sigh. Long week. I just wrote "thiefs" (not "thieves") in a headline that was on the site for an hour+. Sorry, !
Pretty good game by Young right now... Happy with him so far
what?! What?! Glad it came!
is there FCAT tomorrow?
Just got back from Dallas, sure is a lot of repair shops there
I went to bed and missed it. Santos cannot come back soon enough! Cordero's still better than Fraser tho
what type of things do you like getting in the mail from your fans??
yep I'm the creative director and stage manager. Kevin is the video/cinematographer. #TakingOverandDriven #
Today my youngest brother turns 30! 3. 0. I told him this makes him old and he said - correctly - that it makes me even older.
With Prince out of the equation lets lock up V.Guerrero on a 1 year deal to DH, and take a gamble on Yoenis Cespedes-
all these tweets on my tl about wango tango cause justin lol omg
April 1st has actually been April 2nd for the last 40 years, due to a long-running prank by a calendar.
lol you thugging with me this summer ?
Thanks for following us. Holler if you need a us to fix your computer, computer network, or build you a webpage
Oh fuuuuuuck no.
Very interesting.
y shouldnt I
Hey guys :)) I just wanna say that I'll be Offline these days..see ya soon ! :)) #MuchLove <3
When I see Ray Allen actually play I will be a believer. I hope he's in the lineup.
Cleaning the house!! So needed!
Pumps N a Bump LOL BUT BOTH CLASSIC
LSN360 SPORTS/ Basketball 45 Clippers 44 Memphis Half time from Los Angeles
Just talked with Nuggets Chris Andersen who was leaving the Pepsi Center. He said "no comment" on the allegations.
This will be my 3rd year in a row working with Mrs. Cloud in the outdoor garden for
We must do our parts to stop the violence in our cities. Let it start at home, you should have some idea what is in your house!
I never thought I'd say this, but #austinthornton sparked our 1st half turnaround and deserved big credit
Not sure really yet. Haven't done much on my blog lately because of work. And don't really know what that all entails.
please follow me!!!<3
Well at least tomorrow is Friday right?
looking for info on when #irene will hit Baltimore MD
Phenomenal day at EPC GOP Assembly. Very few of us ever get to experience a 10 out of 10 day. We had one today.
Wants a with cherry #Vodka or cherry #Rum in it! ;-)
well I guess I feel kinda silly now.
Second talk on Green school shooting, this one by Gayle Salamon.
Great memory for me:you bought copy of Apple II Software I developed at W.C.Computer Faire - I hope Apple opens SIRI to educators.
I am totally resisting the urge to DM you.
It was a great run Brandon Jacobs.
#StGeorgesDay is known as the Feast of St George by Palestinians & is celebrated in the Monastery of #StGeorge in al-Khader, near Bethlehem.
lol! Yeah, I really do! Haha Its all love tho. Ima torture you till you bday
Been in Utah for a couple days, heading back tommorow. Not looking forward too the 18 hour car drive! :(
cant wait until you come to Austin... Finally I can tell you #WHATMYNAMEIS :)
Great series! RT : Just sent my menage book (Phoenix Rising #4) to my EC editor. 117k of wings and tails and a bad boy thief.
Oh Friday! I've waited all week for you!
my bestie. Love to love u xoxoxo
A year ago today, brave Navy Seals killed Osama bin Laden.
Mark and Dan will be at the Green Turtle in columbia, MD before the game, see you at the turtle!!
anybody have a [NO JOKES PLEASE] studfinder? We gotta put cabinets up tomorrow @ the collective. also, anybody know how to put up cabinets?
Tonight from 10 to midnight listen to Steve on internet radio w and Bill Boronkay at www.unpwnradio.com
Who? Just kidding--even the fanciest have their guilty pleasures. Short answer? No. Long answer? No, sir.
wish you were here!
I didnt see anything relating to your race, but you did say "ratchet muslim" sounds a little edgy to me
Jesus: "Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will not pass away." (Matthew 24:35 ESV)
And if there's a god then I'm letting him go all for you
- Two off days in one week for the Yankees! What's up with that!? Have a good one! =)
its a hard one & I avoided it for a while because if your children aren't comfortable with them then what is the point right?
I'm good, thank you very much..
I just did 5000 miles on my Cooper S in two weeks driving from Boston to Florida and back (via Nashville, actually)
Last PTA meeting of the year is tomorrow.
South Sundays are prolly done. Thank you to all the ignorant asses.
I Guess It's Not For Everybody!! 
Difficult this one: people asked me not to be too depressing--but things are very bad. P'haps went too far?
#questionsthatdontgetanswers Will U?
I don't even feel like you care anymore
your avi is making me wetter than Hurricane Katrina.
My student is considering a (goddess) Nike tattoo after learning about Greek sculpture in my class. (Should I be flattered or disappointed?)
HEY IT'S MONK'S NEW CD CHECK IT OUT FREE!
Spent the evening out at Southpointe Casino. Crazy, creative costumes everywhere. I hope everyone had fun at the Halloween Ball
🎶Dance for you 🎶
I <3 yr acts but yr servers very heavy-handed pushing food + drink. They repeatedly ask you if you want to order dinner.
I'm sick as hell and hungry I want some pussy and I'm pose to go out later
Punting Flowchart: Is your punter Australian? Yes-Entrust the ball to him. No-Probably go for it
Shawty got a mean walk, mean shoe game...
#ibmimpact Isaacson: Have a passion for curiosity if you want to be an innovator.
#failedmcdonaldproducts In the Chicagoland-Jordan Era: The Beef Wennington.
happiest high of them all! 😄
WORLD PIECE, contribute yours. Do something in the next 15 minutes that will make the world a better place:)
Military base on Cape will be OpenCape's first big customer. OC Looking at getting grant fr pub safety grant, giving Verizon towers boost.
its mothers day everyday, shout out to all the mothers out there
Thanks for the inspiration! That would be great mediation music, love it, thanks!
Already loving Mike Napoli solely on basis of his name. #RedSox have had nice Italian name vacancy since brief fling with Tony Graffanino.
Holy thunder batman.
there's an omelette place on Victory, across from Ralph's. It's pretty awesome.
Man, I contacted about 5 liteary agencies this weekend and they all said they were only looking for Young Adult supernatural at the moment.
I sure do. In fact, I was planning a trip there later this afternoon in an attempt to find Mr. Gump.
Polo'd down
proximity & gas eliminated that here. (chainsaw or lawn mower)
Sangria Sunday
#listen! Don't compare me with her because I'm one of a kind.
I Need You Right Now. I Don't Need Us To Bump Heads.
Thanks for the Shoutout,I didnt expect that at all & my name is spelled Austin, I just have it like that for my twitter. :D
I don't just like little kids, I can tell how they feel. So I know how to make them feel awesome.
#hotelmonaco is the real deal in #Seattle. Outstanding.
Maybe the Al Qaeda rec league softball team. “: The Miami Heat is the most hated team in sports history. Is there any debate?”
ha ha I could be there new singing
not yet... are we talking about fucking or kidding???
Happy once, happy twice, happy chicken soup with rice! RIP, Mr. Sendak, and thanks for making me a reader.
nice butt :)
To our producer readers: DJ/producer is doing a live Q&A @ 4pm EST with Tag Qs for him with
I just learned that we've all been duped: Farrakhan has been one of 's characters all this time.
Paradox (noun): A student picking up his AP Summer Reading and Writing Packet is nervous over the 10th Grade ECA he must take this week.
josh hey my phone wont turn on
Before I formed you in the womb I knew you...Jeremiah 1:5
college student! Any MCAT suggestions?
to go see dylan in lake village after we made it to lake view
If you didn't know what my costume was tonight, you shouldn't have been allowed to pass the sixth grade.
u getN ready for church like a good boy should?.. lol.
Really anxious to hear what you guys think of the VGA's announcement tonight!
Social "networking" is the reason we have to listen to so much Bitching! See I am doing it right now
so many naughty girls in
I don't think the rats are responsible for our hot weather. They have more important things to do,
Fortman of : In 2008, I met with 1,000s of workers in Maine to try to explain basic #safetynet programs
Elizabeth Taylor: I love your spirit "I feel very adventurous. There are so many doors to be opened, and I'm not afraid to look behind them"
Rs are also worried that Romney is Bob Dole 2.0 w/o the Bronze Star. Two very poor options at this point.
The US will let you out, right? It's Canada that won't let you in.
Talent develops in tranquillity, character in the full current of human life. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I'm thinking Joshua will win. He seems to be pretty popular.
what makes you say that buddy? And how's that wish list coming along? LOL
Love chiddy bang's "ray charles"
Having the most incredible dessert the papaya cream w a cream de cassis floater ah
Had to cancel at Hotel Indigo tonight...too sick right now.
you might look like a huge germaphobe
Thanks for the RT and for the new follow. Happy to have you here an your Anniversary Celebration.
State public health officials plan 11 a.m. presser to discuss first case of rabies contracted by a human in Mass. in 75 years.
Went to the in clarksville, was only in the building 3:47!!!! Jimmy you're the best!
I honestly just feel like going to bed and skipping out on this whole prom thing.
I like you Twitter people because I don't actually know you & you don't talk about your kids all day.
Someone grab me a shirt!!!
Hello #ROC we're coming to town today (and we'll be around for a week.) Looking forward to seeing friends and family
‎"The fam here, the drink here, The girls here? Well, fuck, let's get it then" - Aubrey Graham ***The Oligarchs ENT***
So, you just hand up like that?
[Campus Bulletin] We thought we'd host a Welcome Back Scavenger Hunt on campus this weekend. The only item on the list is a parking space.
Not this time.
Goodnight Tweeters #sleepwell :)
Thanks for the RTs this week, !
S/O to my favorite beaner , happy birthday. I'm glad you made it to the states
Tryin to shake this hangover
Imma Hit Dayneeia Ass With That "Ya Don't Say" One Day. lol
pictures pictures
Fun is a good thingRT : ... And thanks for having gluten free pizza! This means can join in the fun! :-)
thanks for the follow :)
lol we were down 3 starters man. Joe, Horford and Marvin. Hollow victory.
I'm in. Where?
Protein shake for breakfast 😒
Met the local firemen tonight. Nice guys.
Careful, I've seen cops on that stretch. Then again, you have a good lawyer:) RT : Love ripping up 145 to 45
Looking for a Count Almaviva for Barber of Seville....
LOLOLOLOL or something man I couldn't believe that if u in atl call me …now
I scribbled MASTER BUILDER in the margin next to it. Don't know if I meant that was better or if I still had to go read it.
lolol I'm on the same boat
Got rush tickets for at the When I saw titleofshow, it changed my life and made me a fan for life
Hey wtf portland or needs a live show whut the dealio
I can clearly look back and see where I gained weight. I wasn't inherently flawed, I was traumatized and needed comfort.
M#akeUp Artist Available NOW! EyeBrows too! 1738 Telegraph #Oakland 5108321100
i wanna call KFC and ask for the colonal or however u spell it..
RT : Here are the top four reasons your business might not be ready for publicity.
we have 3 labs (1 mac, 2 dell), 3 carts of iPads (18 on each), a bunch of flips, and 2-5 computers in each classroom - we r lucky!
Safe sex wednesday(;
exactly same haha idek what to do
I need food in my life ASAP!
Hannah: the City has neglected the 9th for so long that we have the greatest need
Getting ready to forget about another 'over-hyped' NYE nite in LA.
Become our 200th follower on Twitter and win yourself a whole lot of love from AIABaltimore! :)
Go Iran for winning it's first Oscar! Hay.
what up.doe
“: Timmy wants to be closer to you, Skip!” he can do your lawn ... He can be your sexy lawn boy :-)
great tackle on teams Sunday. You r ballin like a #RAVEN Keep hunting dog.
Thanks for the mention--- we think citythatbreeds is awesome
.: “I don’t want to look too far ahead. The journey is what’s happening right now, not what’s on the finishing line” Sabirul Islam
no, one is enough thank you.
Customers want clear and concise instructions. Don't let just anyone write your product guides; ScribeModerne can help :)
hopefully it doesn't interfere with my game of thrones addiction.
Thanks for the follow! We hope you make it over sometime to check out our facility!
canada loves you :*
Up watching Martin with my love!!
34 more days until i see my future husband <33333
Not impressed by #theoffice , step it up guys! I know you guys can write much better episodes even without Carell
Impressive! Keep up the good work.
Just had two hour talk w/ James Pustejovsky on open data, #nlproc, geotagging, semantics (incl/ generative) and more. Awesome.
Focusing on touch: Buttons Are a Hack w/ Josh Clark (), author of Tapworthy: Designing Great iPhone Apps
searching for plans for my students
A smart mafucker can play dumb.... Dumb mafuckers cant play smart... Butt they said Einstein was cazy ......
I'm high off life, got me feeling right
i am so sorry! What a terrible person ! #GETAUSTINSVIDEOSBACK !
<3 i just wanted say thank you for being so amazing!:)
My-bootcamp is now in Philadelphia! Bootcamp inspired personal training.
Hasn't been any good twitter fights lately
A good pun is its own reword.
So ...... Which NBA Xmas matchup are you most looking forward to and why? To book your tickets, call now: 888-493-0004
if i am not mistaken Maduros and Tostones
You don't realize how much you've missed something until it presents itself again.
got my blackberry
Esquith: DOE is engaged in Nat'l Forum on Youth Violence Prevention.
DUDE I think you just came up with something. That could be their jingle !!
So is that new black keys cd any good? Anyone know?
Certainly not! Kids and massive amounts of caffeine are always the perfect combo!
SWEET! RT : What!? is moving to Monday at 8!? This puts my TV week off kilter...So excited they'll be back!
Im tattoo artist/rapper
producers are noticing ppl like rebecca black when they should be noticing ppl with hard core talent like you! :) best wishes
Marine bio poet dial
true true
BAD JOKES AT #SOTU THANKS MR.
me too. Let's go to panchitos in the village
Love is like drugs, it either kills you or gives you the best time of your life
You actually are funny, and all those complainers are actually dumb.
And that's the truth!
hell random ain't the word...he said KATIE??????lmao if he like it...I love it
Let the conspiracy theories begin...no review and then a missed FG.
You should watch From Prada To Nada :)
Susan Nichole GIVEAWAY! Make sure you SHARE this post to get an extra entry in a special... fb.me/VSjcIpal
Hi Laura have you been back? We'd like to buy you lunch next time!
Didn't anyone tell Taylor Swift that Bonnie & Clyde the musical closed?
most important part of TRAVEL is the life-affirming reminder that you are not english, australian, or south african
how are ya feeling today?
What is true greatness? It's the opinion you have of yourself.
makes sense. Good luck if you decide to try it!
Going to the beach today.
“: Prince Fielder just hit a ball to the Mexican Border. #ThrowItDown”
i dont think tofu wants me there, lol i wish. :/ where is there to laugh at there, everyone is all serious.
UGHH... i so dont wanna go to school tomorrow:/
FUCK YEAH!! The super hot high schooler that added me on facebook said I was super cute hehehhh c:
Got beats? Get at me. I need some more pop records. BIG records. Nothing less.
just dyed my hair lol...
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie NEVER split up
Welcome!!! It's fun! RT : Welcome to Twitter, boss.
Its frikin Monday... Blah :/ But Thank you God for another Day!!! :) *
where are my manners? Big thanks to The Sunshine Elsewhere, Tiger Clutch, This Paper Plane and St. James Place for packing the Beer Co!!
bro man when u goin to quit playing man
Eminem is the best rapper. Period. Fight us about it. Go.
just found out that 70% of all mortgages were fraudulently done! check the FBI website...i can help you own your house, foreclosed or not
We have not seen it yet. How did you find it?
Not stoked about this heat. Even tank tops are too hot to wear.
As of mid-2010 there were 26 meter-readers for the 411,000 accounts
love this!
today we are featuring the music of "Black Tape For A Blue Girl" at the office
In short poll, interesting that more than 90% are NOT using Amazon for computing or storage.
Aw man, now I'm bummed :(
Thanks for the RT! :)
QoTD: "The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes." (Horace)
uh oh spadoodios
when do you think we'll see you two docked back in #Maine again?
You just told the truth about her! RT": Oh no!! blocked me! , I think she's mad at us."
The greatest lesson my mother ever taught me was to love myself and others. She's the most loving and unselfish person I know. I give thanks
I love that song ! It is also one of my favorites:)
what do I want for lunch? Chinese?
Those were great! Especially the last one, lol. Thanks!
Sanity is a cozy lie.
Thank you all for follow me.. i follow back.. =)
haha so romantic... Lucky girl :)
In bed with meek mill on repeat!
you really want a cat. Dogs aren't good apartment livers. Cats are totally cool with it. Dogs need more space.
Blog apology time: there's some new entries in the works, but not quite yet. Thanks for the patience, if you read the thing.
Boring people need to kill they self
i saw Jersey Boys
welcome to steamy DC. Heading downtown to the show soon with your assorted blood relatives & minors in tow
This track hits your eardrum like a slug to your chest.
no its not.. I'm not doing NOTHING!!!!-___-
Yay for seeing you:) boo for how ridiculous it will be.
we wish!
The Standard&Poors announcement is more significant than last week's Moody's downgrade because it will increase borrowing costs for district
You know you're cute if you can pull off a skrunchy face.
Knowledge is free at the library. Just bring your own container. ~Unknown
About to start this government packet
Get outta my head. And fall into my arms instead. 💙
What's everyone's workout for tonight??
Hey everyone it's #MosWantedWednesday :Dso that means to vote for TONIGHT for #ABDC7 on
yeah give you a citation and make u pay. its retarded the crime they presume it to be.
Pola'n'Stuff: Polaroid of the Day - 22
is teaching in a classroom a few feet from me.
Might fall asleep in the tanning bed tonight..
Bring a bacon donut to the closing night perf.
Call me a liar i'll show you a fake
might want to come soon for the pineapple.
he does it cuz he is old n tryna keep up wit time lol
Power out. (Cell still working.) Stay safe everyone.
Ugh day after
OK, but prolly not gonna see another 2-4" here in Divide? That's what they were calling for by 6am.
Gahh. I can't wait.
Four more years.
Have fun guest-lecturing! Congratulations :-)
Pravda w/ blueberries! #Ink48 RT : Liquor and love. We're a fan of both, and so are our bartenders :0).....
Most people who are unhappy, are the ones who have the least to be unhappy about!
My bad again dude
are you still out?
Jack Frost ⛄🎄
Check out Netspeed Learning Booth 825. BEST webinars & virtual T in the business! Cynthia Clay is a gem!
wow... Again... Out coached! How bout a qb run pass option???
moms almost saw my...
Is it good stuff about me an who talks bout me an wht do they say?
Indeed. Why are you interested in it?
I'm watching Get Him to the Greek right now. P Diddy steals the show. His dialogue is hysterical.
Had a great meeting today with and just psyched to meet more and more smart people in DC
Yes easier said than done...just say it!
#wellness and #health information can be both habitual and viral
Sean from outside Detroit, learning about XML this week
Peanut butter, broccoli and meat!
Help Me - twitter.com/expert
Malinowski: saw many people wounded by "bird shot" and tear gas shot at people's heads
Nicely done, sirs.
Hadoop: big data or biggest data?
Happy Mother's Day! High-fives to ALL the mothers in the District and beyond.
Finally started the process of writing my short but THE TREE OF LIFE has gotten into me too much. Where's my Fred Neil? He shall rescue me.
I'm actually a terrible friend.
negative. wants me to format it.
Of course OSU makes the Final Four the year I'm not going
Thrilled to be working with award-winning branding agency #U2R1Media to create our amazing brand! Magic is in the making...
The power of the #BBN truly shows, when a national sports station such as ESPNU wants to air one of your PRACTICES on a Wednesday afternoon.
BACON EGG AND CHEESE......ON MY WAY TO BURGER KING!!!!!
Went to a tournament this weekend and got 2nd of 63. Another tourney this weekend for a bid and i hope we do good!!
Big Joe looking super sharp last night at the Cavs game. We need a welcome to Cleveland party for this new DOGS. Get at me
EWWWW! GET OUT OF MY FACE
Actress Lindsay Lohan has been sued for allegedly racking up a nearly $100,000 bill with a limo service and never paying.
what's up?
w/ a person on the left who isn't rational all the time, & they still won't get it. It IS the voters beliefs that carry
Interested in becoming a moderator on a specific topic? Looking to build your brand to our many members? - Check out our new Forum http: ...
That's What I Said. She seems sincere and is doing her job": Can we stop attacking Angela Corey? #trayvon"
Blind people can use the iPad by using the Voiceover option. The whole screen can be treated by a menu.
that sorting hat is bullshit! I guess now I am
I know the feeling. At this time of night, I'm doing all my social media stuff. So I guess that makes me cool... Or scary too
Too funny!
The Lord is compassionate & gracious, slow 2 anger,abounding in love.He'll not always accuse, nor will He harbor his anger 4ever. Ps103:8-9
inner city sky rise over town at night
Done. RT #GameOn RT : SIREN. Jeb Bush statement: "I am endorsing Mitt Romney for our Party’s nomination."
Oh, so the facebook app sucks on Android as well
What a hoot. Those kids are so well behaved and I think very very smart.
My wish is to have everything.
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-71
that's ok I could go for a few shots of Jack
I follow the simple phrase "share culture". I believe in making my work available to those who wish to hear it, to use it, or to sample it.
Science is magic.
RT : Colleges of Worcester chief says worry is what happens to collaboration after supercommittee cuts
A foggy Bay of Fundy Monday. Views were limited, but walking on the ocean floor @ low tide was amazing.
I know how you must feel! It's only been a few days but I miss them too!! haha!
I'm going to need McCarthy to leave an open red sharpie in the back of his hat all season ;-)
Haha keep ya busy. Aw from too much partying huh? :p Hope so! I'm out of town so I hope my fam wants to watch lol.
The MAL ad problem is resolved, w00t.
either you grew three feet overnight or that that guy you interviewed was REALLY short. Never seen you tower over someone :)
umm no maam...girl u kno i luv u so much thts outta ?...im keepin all my promises to u...
: YES. "is it true about the #pittsburghdumpling experiment? oh, and i like brooklyn brown ale best.
I was going to go see American Pilot tonight , taking a friend. #Migraine strikes again. Staying home in the dark.
Do you think Marshmellow sex is hot?
Spent my first weekend post-dissertation cleaning out my closet & cheering at the lacrosse field. Now off for my 2nd week in the media ctr
I have a really short attention spanakopita, ooh that sounds yummy!
i ner her o it be4
I made a bkfst casserole last night. But it's too early to put it in the oven. Otherwise I'll eat it all myself.
#IfDrakeWasOurTeacher "student how did you do that" Drake bitch i made it .
must be a southpole elf
#20ThingsAboutMe 2. i have trouble sleeping
Omg this cat jumped on my lap and laid down on me, while im sitting waiting for the light rail I want to take her home with me &
my darling!!! Dre boo boo!! I've been studying.. duh
"You don't come to Las Vegas and talk to a guy like Moe Green like that!". Name this movie???
It sucks when you are about to turn a corner and you see your bus go by.
You're very welcome!
Boom! We've got no fee advance tix in our possession for NYE at Hit us up, free delivery!
2 fights in one lunch
Failure is not falling down, but refusing to get up.
I have learned that I have never been bored in the presence of a cheerful person.
Live from bistro 42. On 42....eve of Armageddon... open microphone for ya
I just noticed you're going to SPACE today. #JellingCauseSundayIsSoFarAway. Have fun and take lots of pictures. :D
Sucha small town not much to do
what band did you grow up listening to? I'll RT if we like them too
they told me that too..before you
Orlando is fun, but A Writer's Diary is actually my favorite Woolf.
I don't want to hear any excuses. You lost...5 x's...in a row...
'Things could still fall apart. They've got a couple of years to work on it' #Durban climate talks #NPR Richard Harris
We love the look of pendant lamps! Thanks for the great photos and info!
I feel like I've walked more the last 2 days than my entire time with McAllen. Downtown SA, you're making me buy some cute flats.
bro, you knowww
"Always do what you are afraid to do." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him."
went riding today with friends... awesome time in the sun! =) <3 Summer time is coming finally!!!
God is calling my name as the devil trys to keep me tame
I can feel the older nannies' judgmental stares like, "she is so going to lose this kid." Thanks, , thanks a lot.
Just wrapped up my job & said goodbye to my coworkers. God is so good in allowing me to work there & do what I did. Now: onto bigga & betta!
Saw my friend go off to prom today! She looked stunning! :)
Here's my number. Call me maybe?
Tim, you're such an inspiration! Thank you for being so awesome(:
lmao u still up
Haha no man, I got a small one. Thank God..
"Hustle to change the subjects." - Heavy Hustla
Hiistorians afraid of Hooker? GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL byCathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle. Not all #Civilwar Generals were gentlemen.
We're not doing what we did yesterday ever.ever. again.
Heat want win OKC Nation ok
I really hope to see some of the hottest artist in VA on the 24th. I have done at this point all i can do 2 try 2 help make a dream come tru
Our cookies are made of butter and love @ Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!!!
says he's not drinking and since he's my ticket daddy, I pry won't make it to
You are just so stupid its comical.
Is waiting for to talk about #quinoa #Development & future campaign also about the #book of #foodsecurity that's th
Hell no.
"Firefly Lane" great read and page turner! Perfect thing for this rainy day!
we will be in Indy for a hot minute on Thursday
#TeamFollowBack I follow back! I will not unfollow you(:
NEW MIXTAPE COMING SOON "EVERYTHING IS DIFFRENT NOW"
Playing poker for the first time outside of the US and not in English. Hoping to take some l'argent from these French-Canadians.
I always get caught up in people talkin about how things used to be, even though I know its not gonna be like that again.
Triple overtime and I'm so nervous.
Apparently another Star Wars day has rolled around, I think I'll get drunk and watch The Empire Strikes Back. May the force be with you!
School let out early?! Man chiz is about to go down....
Songs we are performing for Don Waz and Mad Mike(pimp my ride) The Riddle and Crazy Love
[Campus Bulletin] On days like today, try not to think about what it would have been like to attend a college with more than 32% women.
Birds be singin'...flowers be bloomin'...
Hope is not a plan
Thanks guys! When you coming to LA?
It's good to be back in the saddle
new song sounds fresh guys, nice work!
How are all of you today?
Its funny how my fones still not fully charged nd its been plugged up since 9pm
Is A Beast ! Her Album Was Outrageously Good !
you should not have been fired. You should have been in the final 2 beautiful.
I'm in love with Washington D.C.
I suppose, I could live without having experienced this part of it though
My day is wonderful.
lmaoo omg joey! thats too funny!
So glad to hear it! Agreed, both exhibits are spectacular. Thanks for stopping by!
Please follow me!!
#OldeTownStadium will be screening #AssasinsCode at 7:30PM! Don't miss this!!
Yes mom. I know everything is my fault. Sure blame your problems on me.
There's a snowflake hurtling toward Seattle!! Everyone, run for your lives!!! (Seattle's annual snow panic is in full swing.)
I am on a low-carb diet and am taking Mega-t dietary supplements
#nowplaying Lady Luck - Jamie Woon they play good music between shows. :) hahah
what's erica issue. She one on tv grabbin boobs & downplay kim for her rise!
Just keep swimming.
learn to pick your battles Terry...
RT": Oh hey, you have a picture! "|I'm prob better off w/a cartoon...:-)
In Canada lovin my peoples
Aqua Teen Hunger Force !
there all good I've been seeing your mom and brother around the neighborhood a lot, whats going on with your producing ?
OK sex, that way both enjoy it.
They say true love is blind, That real romance is timeless <3
#FACT - Chris and his brother Crawford are part unicorn. Don't ask questions.
which dollar value? the 9.1 million? sounds like not very much...
Sappy Mother's Day cards are causing an emotional breakdown in the store for no apparent reason. Commence placing sunglasses on indoors.
Aw if only McDonald's had delivery ..
Ladies and gentlemen.... Kelly. Clarkson.
anyway, good night friends, just me and the little guy tomorrow, its gonna be 80 I wanna swim! where can I accomplish this besides d lake?
Lots of Kodak questions today and how people can protect themselves legally
Don't miss Women's Council of Realtors charity fashion show and auction, May 12 or you'll be sorry.
gorgous body u have
I'm a little bitter but a little hopeful at the same time?!?!??.
I've always self-identified as a crazy homely woman.
Kim Mulkey has the exact same blazer as you! Hope you also didn't wear it to tonight's game!
Never make someone your first choice if you're always their second.
Yea I'm annoying so wat
i just can't wait in till comes on.wondering what great talent there be this year.
Confidence is sexy.
Consolidating student loans on a Friday night. Girl knows how to PARTY!
Alright you need to end the song that reminds me of my high school boyfriend right NOW !
Ready for the #Grannies oh yea
Glad to know that you had an easy time assembling the Jogger!
Mass Ave on ramp to I-90 W?
let's get weird!
... If Coaster came at me, I would throw him up on the counter, pull my dick out, spit on it, and jam is fuckin anus.
Turns out my most comfortable item of clothing is my husband's Target/WalMart pajama bottoms.
Lolololol due to the state not being able to get our EOC scores in on time, our report cards will be delayed. Our state system is awfull.
well have fun tomorrow and have a safe trip to and from Korea
THIS! RT How demoralizing is this for Dom Dywer & Soony Saad? To see Teal play over them?
all my houston ladies make sure you come out this wednesday to the RESERVE LOUNGE. AND PARTY WITH
If #occupyburque protesters can't get beat by cops in #abq, they clearly are not doing it correctly
what time?
Nvm on the previous tweet, the podcast is tomorrow night lol.
Lml, Yupp..I Think I Loved Him A Little Too Much, &He Took It All For Granted.
Hi! Yeah, I'm down here til the end of April. We'll have to get together, grab coffee sometime!
I'm having the same problem down here!
Improve online tutorials w/ interactive feedbk to foster self-directed learners
I love heather
Hot new arrivals in LUCI ... enjoy 50% off by mentioning twitter! We are testing the results from this!
#SmackDown I'm ready
Just saw clip of #BOYFRIENDvideo! So hot! And #BELIEVE comes out June 19!
I wanna tell the world about you so that they can get jealous.
haha YES!! so TRUE!!!
Do you think this shithead regrets getting Homer Simpson tattooed on his forearm?
haha you know it.
I want to drink. But I'm just gonna end up working out
i am hilarious
Figured as much, likd Mandalay last yr, but was much cheaper too! At lst I can hang in NetVet Lounge this yr :)
I feel like a ball of pollen.
deam news travels quick
Happy #Thanksgiving !!!
layin out to get pre-Coachella tan = pretty much the same as cleaning the house before the maid comes (wow I sounded like a Romney just now)
Applying for summer internships/jobs like crazy! Hope I get one!
Jackie, A fantastic video!
Best movie I have ever seen you already know I'm about to go see it again!!
Argh. Monday am traffic
“ “ Be strong. Be fearless. Be YOU. ♥ #ohteensbook””
“: North Carolina- Vote AGAINST amendment one tomorrow. Just like camel toe it's not good for anybody.”
I love my sons so much that I bought a tower for them. Something I said I would never do.
Alan Houston still has a J
That cap comes in a few other teams too. But despite my love of caped crusader, that's an affront against all that's decent.
Broncos Win!
I love you and everything you stand for.
I don't really think you understand or know anything about me, bc if you did you wouldnt constantly disregard my feeling.
Thanks for following! I will follow back!
Prospecting and more prospecting. looking for that next satisfied client!
"We don't stop playing because we grow old, we grow old becuz we stop playing"
congrats neo what school?
I'm happy to see that! You are very welcome! :)
Top Tweet Lebron James is a coward who cant win with his own team like MJ did 6 times!
Wish we could have hung out tonight..
LOL! I love it! RT : I like my friends in my head...you know like on Tom & Jerry :)
Comparisons are easily done once you had a taste of perfection
The burning bush that Moses spoke of was actually the flames of s talented beard.
love it!
RT : review:Ms. Wells hit the nail on the head with with this book. We all have our lame excuses. LAME EXCUSES...
yeah- I had no idea how epic 0_o
The Indiana Landmarks’ Volunteer Opportunities Open House has been rescheduled for Saturday, February 5th from 10:00am to 2:00pm.
thanks for the re-tweet. I am a NYC based attorney representing investors against stock brokers.
Power of Story note 1: Get clear on your version of the story
#amigosplots down.. But enjoying coffee, tea & stuff from goody box
hashtag cute couple
I love how dedicated the #foodies are in #DC. Good luck to 's launch party
nice one and #1 congratulations!
unfollow me on this twitter and follow my new one appreciate it bruh
Can you please send me the notes for the session on Homework?
That was so pointless
smile please
Thanks Brother. Big meetings tomorrow. I will hit you up.
Pretty sure I dreamed about all my problems that are stressing me last night
RT: : of all the various way to get to the truth... #wine is my favorite
Kretovich gets 10yrs "shock" probation 6 wks in jail. He walked out of court in cuff and yelled "I love u mom!"
Thank you google. Zerg Rush easter egg was on the top 5 you've done.
I just want to get this test over with.
Happy Monday! Its another Beautiful Day in Arizona!
If watching a 30-second commercial saves a $2 ATM fee, that's the equivalent of $240 an hour. I'll take it!
I wish I was DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes
I'm trying! Fingers crossed. Looking for a day pass.
Heading to a talk w/ Dr. Peter Wood at 6PM @ the Harn Museum of Art. "Near Andersonville: Winslow Homer's Civil War"
She was a vital part of the interview.
Definitely getting some Mexican food when I get off work. It's been way too long 👍🇮🇹
no prob fam, keep up the good work!
The 72 hour sale is going on now!!! 25% off everything online! Go to www.truthsoularmor.com and type in the code CLEAR2009 in all caps.
My plan is to buy a Camaro by Sept - Oct and its definitely possible...I just gotta discipline myself
Good quarter clippers
A semi exploded. :/ i feel so bad. God i hope there was no driver in that drunk
get some
Don't like when ppl unfollowed when they've gotten followed!! Or don't follow when they say they will!! Hate that cuz it's so not cool!!
wiz is on tonight!!!
The Hobbit often makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're producing that into a film too.
#Fiji water like a boss, cuz I'm fancy like that ^_*
McReynolds just needed a few hundred feet more.... Gerhart wins his 8th Daytona race
lol oh Dallas boys... ;)
I love those people in my life that just make me so happy to see them
Empowering Jewish students to encourage their peers to examine their Jewish ID is a powerful concept. Last year 130+ students were engaged.
I'd like to see Anderson Cooper in Walmart. Pick up a New Years gift for Kathy G.
I know Mane...We Aint Fuck Around Since A-wood
disturbingly close - seems like auto ordering groceries is not working out for us quite yet
is such a fuck up lmao!:D
this coming from the mom who told her kids to do homework! talk bout cruel.
can you even see his tweets now?!
Thanksgiving, after all, is a word of action. ~W.J. Cameron
I promised Jim no filming today. (first day after VEDA) Sorry Zoe, I'll do the next one! D=
feeding our minds with music <3 thank you JP! Innamissions Radio
Tokyo fans rockin' out! Nice video, Wolfy-san!
RT : Out the house at 8 to make it to practice by 9
Aww. My grandma made me a blanket for my graduation present!!:) <3 her!
Police: Three people were involved in the initial gunfight. One is a man in a wheelchair
After a hard day of basic training, you could eat a rattlesnake. - Elvis Presley
Alexandria, I miss you so much... </3 See you when its my time babe
I like it!!
Lanes are back open on I-77 South at 99 mile marker!
Wow thanks Joel. You're a good boy :)
Journey and REO Speedwagon? Wow. Peter Konz loves him some 80s' tunes.
bout time you tweeted thought this was shut down
Tell me a bedtime story.
Ok this is the 3rd time Comcast has cut into the game feed - don't they know 95% of their customers already can't stand them?
hey, how u been? in Sydney?
loved my Escape in college (purchased b/c dealership was closest to house) but will run you over in her future G Wagon
God has gifted each of us for a ministry of compassion and influence. How many people know God because they first knew you? Acts 1:8
Oh lord I'm going to be on the Facebook page in a video wishing my mom a happy mothers day.
#schoolmemories getting into shitloads of trouble!
Awkward moment when grabs your boobs
Lake Forest. Flying along nicely. I've got my inhaler for when I get out of here. :-)
Should You Eat That Bacon??? Hell yes!
idk I never went. I checked online lol
yeah, I just got home. I'm gonna try to be productive.
Very funny. No, I don't think that would be one of the suggested questions "-)
we will see sunday
R U OBSESSED WITH TRANSFORMERS?!?!?! BRO I THINK SO THEN (:
In the Orlando airport now on my way home. Apparently Ben Stein is here somewhere!
Our CEOs/business owners grew +5.8% while average, similar D&B company declined by -9.2% (2005-2009). Learn how.
Oh oh be my baby oh oh oh be my baby. Oh oh be my baby oh oh oh and I'll look after you! <3
just saw you bobbing through the crowd... WHAT is on your head.
Oh so YOU brought the rain? ;) lol RT : it was rainy days at the end of my trip! Yeah chk it out! Hit me back!
fall down on the ground and roll around to celebrate!
Mad Men!
everything is going to be okay in the end. or at least five years from now.
watching one tree hill series finale. going to miss this show :(
Nope. It's warmer in DC then it was in Austin this morning.
Great People to connect with this 2010
Your inner genius - as opposed to being one, consider that you *have* a genius.
At least in buffalo the back channel goes until 4!
it's been non eventful really but better than school ya know. You have off this upcoming week?
IM DEFINANTLY FALLOWING THIS BEAUTIFUL WOMAN HERE! HAD TO SHOW YA SOME LOVE BABY ;)
a shirt hah
The Hubbard clean up team is on Rhode Island right now. Honk if you see us!
Yea! RT : Got my #ncaabracket filled out at , I want to win the tv :D
You are welcome Mr. Charlie! Glad to know you had another great visit!
I would do anything to talk to ,I've such a big fan of theirs for years,They seem to be my true inspiration.<3
Polish sausage, Stosh!
is that a pop tart u eatin????
that is a very nice outfit!! Thanks, sleep good
#ThoseThreeWords -- European Wax Center. We will be opening very soon in Carmel! Who's excited?!
Hipster trend: Using the word 'hipster' as shorthand negative qualifier to immediately disqualify something as inauthentic.
for one, a firewall, that goes without saying & there's WP plugins to secure it up, but in the end, I'd opt for
suddenly i feel that i should start checking into retirement homes...
hooray! best nights ever. suggestion 1: soak it up, man. bask. sugg 2: layers. sugg 3: cash 4 beers.
Solid Video... Where are you and are you performing?
RT : WakeUp #TCOT! If U're not making $400,000+ every yr, U're NOT in TOP 1%,so the #GOP has nothing2offerU. U'RE BEING DUPED!
RT : Ah a couple days left 4 the rainbow festival seriously I need 2 find some ppls over in this state to tweet lol
wow. that makes for a long night. its like watching paint dry.
I mind...lol
Glad it's resolved. Thanks for letting me know.
Does anyone remember getting a major headache when you changed your way of eating? How did you solve it?
We hear you on the Cal>Stanford shirts, will let you know as soon as they're available to buy.Good luck in the T-Shirt competition!
I hate running into people places though.
looks super pretty in her twitcon :) #RandomTweet :)
Shit crazy mf wait all day and wanna say we not going dat the last min . Pissed
Booked for a Cinco De Mayo party. That is going to be interesting.
thank u! :) I'm thinking of sending him a letter just to let him know how much I support him
--- I made a ridiculous statement 7 months ago and this is a last ditch effort to save face --article
[1997] Ashes of Star Trek creator, Gene Roddenberry are
30 years ago tonight I was graduating an praying the invocation for my graduation. Tonight my son prayed the invocation for his graduation.
Movie in the Courtyard: Transformers Dark of the Moon is THIS Thursday! Are you guys excited?
BD n his cuz came thru with some prescribed ibuprofen
New numbers: 16.1 million unique visitors in January, according to
Wanna send a shout out to the ladies of AEA for letting me represent tonight
“ “ Emotionally: I'm done. Mentally: I'm drained. Spiritually: I'm dead. Physically: I smile.””
THANK YOU TEBOW...I MEAN GOD.
Hearing that The Last Story is gonna have a limited print run in the US... Gotta pre-order it soon then!
good look bruh new shit coming soon
RT : Join us in 30min for #edchat: How do we close the gap between educators connected thru social media & those who aren't?
Are you a new or prospective member? Come out to our next New Member Orientation on Thursday, May 3rd at 7pm at GWUL.
PS happy birthday! Cosman is pretending to be sober as a gift for you.
I had my first fried pickle tonight. Thanks Great addition to the menu!!
#smcrva post pics from events & get ppl to tag themselves
good evening m'lady. I trust your Mother's Day was good?
Almost done with my portfolio due in 45min, just have to print, combine, & walk it to Merrill. Then maybe I can take a nap.exhausted!!
You still have the Mumford ticket? Could we pick up there?
And, that's not good news for the #Celtics. RT : Bass holding his knee.
Great story tonight - some local students are packing their bags and heading to Alabama to help tornado victims! Watch it at 630pm on 10TV!
Hey, me too! “: Stop the presses! I bought myself clothes!!!”
have you tried hero academy?
Good & blessed morning, Johnny. Have a gr8, productive day
bc i dont have my phone in service today and my BF hasent even checked here if i was even on here
I'm from Chicago IL
Just checked out your blog and I am LOVING it :)
would like to share how is using #mhealth technology to improve population level health outcomes.
Standing back from the situation gives you the perfect view 👀🌇
It's sad I know your game before you even spit it. Get new dialogue, buddy.
I really am tired with people asking me if I have filled out my NCAA bracket! I don't like college basketball! Leave me alone!
Facebook + Me = I Have No Life
Great Progress, luv'n it!
