This morning's dream: I woke up, drank some coffee and was making breakfast...then suddenly woke up to find I had to start over.
that's the motivation I needed thanks! Lol
What are you doing
Have a great night!!
I am fantastic as always. Thanks for asking. :) How is the comedy treating you these days? PM or text me.
We shouldd.! I'm going to the mall with Emily friday if you wanna come.
Ernie Halter song of the day is "Love In LA". Blasted it early this morning in the car. #oops!
Would like to spend some time w/my laptop (having w/drawal) but instead going to network for lunch
Coming soon! www.rayyounkins.net
you have a lovely toilet
I do not want to go to school today.
I would never even think about cheering for another team! We'll get them next time!
All water has a perfect memory and is forever trying to get back to where it was. Toni Morrison
Nina Totenberg presents Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Res Play to Mitchell Hebert, AFTER THE FALL
why aren't you in Vegas?!?!?
Follow and get more people who will follow you imidate
Half an hour! Wonder what's gonna happen tonight. Cut myself off from internet to keep me from seeing spoilers.
#ICantStandPeople who think they know my story and try to control me.
That tweet hurts so bad.
Thanks for visiting, ! What flavor did you get?
“: just watched a youtube vid of you your good :-)”Thanks
Happy moms day to all the great moms out there #dearmomma #asongformomma all day
hated Christmas! The whole Christmas season! Now, please don't ask why
One more day all on my own. One more day with him not caring. What a life I might have known. But he never saw me there.
Lol. I follow too many people...But I love them all..<3. So ... OH WELL!
Set it on fire. Watch it burn. Make tea from the ashes.
Gruden: "They've made it clear they want to win the Super Bowl" ... Really Jon? Cuz other teams aren't interested in winning the SB
RT Great fusion lunch with compliments of
thanks for adding us to your #FF tweet
I hit u n ya manager up kill dont be anti know me lol
Back in PA for a short bit. Now I'm sitting next to a Pirates fan. Poor guy.
no I can't wait for it! Do u remember the muppet xmas with sesame st?
Sometimes we expect more from others because we?d be willing to do that much for them.
heat vs magic pretty good game LBJ + Wade killer yo
I will bring you soup! Where will you be around 3:30?
When you're suppose to be doing homework, but you decide to watch all of 's keeks instead!
Awh i want to go home and get in bed but work till 7
ouch! That's happened to me before. At least you will get a good tan from it unless you're like me and don't tan at all.
Were really still laying in bed its 6
no it wouldn't -.-
more cheer practice tomorrow. NIGHT.
DaRealRosaParks na haven't heard from him in a week think were goin to beer garden and granny's though
Sonic with my Mom and sister. Let's see if I can eat some ched 'r' bites..
Please allow me to introduce myself
Loyalists only lol RT : Who would want to watch the Pirates? lol RT : So, no pirates games here this week....bummer.
dont let hate and sadness bring you it to a crash just try you best to pass that bump in the road
Is duct tape really an office supply?
I've also only ever had one dude bring me flowers. WTF?
ive become to think that me and are a match made in heaven #goal!!!!!!! (:
jenna! Yay tomorrow?
I always slack off my wardrobe at the end of the year.
I don't remember what I said
AYE I FUCKS WIT TWITTER YALL AN I FUCKS WIT YALL SO YAL GOTTA FUCK WIT THE...............FOLLOW BUTTON
RT : "I have some #fsharp stuff to blog soon." <- He sure does. #NashFP superstar!
So you holdin onto the cheese pretty good...I don't want stuff to get too cheesy out there on the field
... I think nothing is dead, not elvis nor poetry nor fame nor love. love.
if you don't have nothing nice to say then i dare you to say it. Stanky loose booty hoe.
I don't normally talk about food, but I'm at the crepe place on Queen - and the garlic aoli is so good - and Veggie!!
VERY DISAPPOINTED.
Hate when that happens! Can't wait for the weekend! Any exciting plans?
#HumboltSchool Parents & Students hoping #PPS Board decide NOT to close school
: Many thanks also and have a great day!
busy day.
love you, can you follow me, pretty pleasee
sorry Rolonda the iPad misspelled your name.
I'm just chillin, man. You never mind me.
NUTCRACKER MUSIC ALL THE TIME.
Why is it not friday yet?
It's still hard, you know? Having to accept never being able to hold you again.
From the desk of ORBUSMAX » WA GOP Raises Questions About Lt ...
Looking forward to our GRAND OPENING tomorrow night at 9:00, join us ?
Congratulations to Gabe Rivera of Jefferson HS (TX) on making College Football Hall of Fame
Thanks for the 125th like, Jo-Anne Peck!
this is an all too familiar feeling
Congrats to Natalie Portman for her role in Black Swan!
nothing makes me want to stab someone in the eye more than a fucking Kit Kat commercial.
Trivia Question for the day? God had three parts to his law system, what were they?
Nm now goin to eat sushi yea :)
I'm not afraid to speak my mind.
hi guys would you buy a hand painted t-shirt that was themed as ALLISON? and if you would how much would you buy for it? :)
“: I like almost as much as the internet” is it because its a good place to steal jokes for NBC sitcoms??
The county judge & I like to put on one of my bras in our heads and pretend were the Wrigley twins wearing matching Bonnets.
Yes. They also get a key for The Playboy Club.
RT : What similarities do they share? ---Movements eerily similar but also: control, dribbling, precise shots, wicked set pieces
in Finland? Got to be in Finland. Someday I will!
I understand how it looks, but Jon Jones isn't the first fighter the #UFC has sponsored. However, I disagree with the practice in general.
Back in St. Louis 2nd time in 3 years to visit Budweiser. Last time had my first Shock Top, wonder what this trip will bring
haha good one
yankeeincanada: LOVING my nylon bag from annualreviews.org - comes in handy as Toronto recently forced a $.05 fee for every plastic bag ...
Now watching Mission Impossible Ghost Protocal....will see
China's pole-dancing granny - Globe and Mail
oh really? Well at least u get out early:] I get out on June 22! Then vaca, then highschool:/ not excited! Were gonna be(c)
They say there is no way to fund the bill
In the end its all about the data, cpu and networking is being commoditized, application data appetite is increasing, ...
Loving this weather<3
How long would he last outside England? less than 6 months. RT Rooney:
Pity the man who inherits a million. Praise the man or woman who makes their million!
CAN I HAVE U TEE HEE HEE
Got to meet a few awesome people today
There has really got to be a better term out there than "information literacy" when talking w/ faculty & admin.
A wise woman kisses but doesn't love &'d leaves before she is left.
Do you ever look up your family/relatives on FB and read what their status updates have been over the past few days/weeks/months? Hilarious!
AT the store* Cashier: "Are you buying all these? :)" Me: "No, I'm stealing them. I just wanted to show you first."
Need Youtube Views hit up 25000 for $50
Curious to know how many Decemberists fans out there are also into/know who Al Stewart is.
ok see you there do i need to registar or will I be good for 1 game?
now we have to start reading your tweets in reverse!?!
I'm not much of a carpenter, but I have plenty of wood, and I feel like building something.
Thanks everyone for all the warm birthday wishes. Rather near or far, if you know me you know I don't take friendship for granted.
Thanks again :D !!!
ugh yes.
RT #compassion #animals #vegan #food "Animals are my friends ... and I don't eat my friends". George Bernard Shaw
When your Mom asks you who you're texting constantly. Umm..I'm texting the same person I was still texting a few minutes ago. 😒 -.- <<<<<<
Right. There are "imperfect" works of greater scope--Ulysses, Gravity's Rainbow; Apocalypse Now--that could be "better".
Attempting to figure out if this "Global Travel Shield" is just a rip-off or not?!
much longer than forever!
Cocaine and a Pitbull
ZHS Mother&#39;s Club to meet May 9
That annoying moment when you're trying to look at advertisements, but a bunch of YouTube videos keep popping up.
WOW Mary, thank! Insighful. My kid can't imitate on command, has vowel errors and inconsistent errors but no groping. Hm.
This weather almost makes us want to leave the studio.
Portico Learning Solutions wishes you the happiest New Year!
Shout out to our newest follower and former PiAthlon chair !
Phew that was a close one. But still managed to win both softball games against Cats Meow and Xtreme. 10-0! This season.
MT : "Jesus died for you, the least you could do is grow some balls and talk to the guy" sometimes I love the things I overhear
you won't role up the windows and blast the heat like old times.
She really gone.I'm Finna get hella drunk fuck it
lol fuck the science portion of the ACT
I'll be in America long before then!": I wud b coming dis dec,just wanted to remind u!
It's one thing to collect data...it's another to be able to use it to predict behavior...Baer
Follow me on my new account itz
you know me too well. I am never grumpy post-donut.
yes I'm
Thanks! needed it for my phone to catch up on some reading : )
Tomorrow: 11-1 pm Her Campus Vanderbilt will be on Rand Wall with Join us as we pass out yummy baked goods!!!
...random pics of mindlessness?
what do I get for guessing the amount of pitches Braun would see in his first at bat?
I hate giving presentations.
Love the website! Thanks for the follow back.
If u wearing BABYPHAT jeans wit da matching shirt and tennisshoes wit a wrap around purse to da club. U str8 ghetto so plz
Did the #P90X legs and back workout and capped it off with #AbRipperX. Week 9.
just doesn't 2 hrs carrying EVERYTHING up from our basement
I got slobber all over my hands on the way to car riders cuz of you licking my biNder.
thanks - it's one of my few creative outlets. He doesn't mind it so much either, as u might be able to tell
Well played.
If any of u know tell him to call me ASAP. Thanks.
thank you so much Julia! Let me and know the next time you're in town!!!! XO
My mom's friend in New England has one of those. It makes the kitchen so hot they can't cook all summer.
Big for tonight. If they lose I think most people are going to be on the "hope they lose for a draft pick" wagon.
reading paper out loud to myself. still can't look at "Natchitoches" and pronounce it "Nack-uh-desh."
make me proud ;-) RT RT I'm the new age "Ferris Bueller's" ..Really Bad ass! xoxo
just blowing up yer fb phone and Twitter
This Saturday, Amy's birthday musical celebration at The Park House, N. Side. Free entry, all welcome. 9pm
Can we get a picture of you from behind? Perve moment. Forgive me.
I think you have an addiction!
Tree squirrels do not hibernate during the winter months, but they keep all activities to a minimum to conserve energy.
so why did she get one, because everyone else had a blog
Congrats for finishing Law School! .. Just need to dominate the Bar!
Definitely an enhancement we will consider. Thanks for the input. As with anything online, it's a WIP to make things better
Beckett is in a league of his own. Between the pitching and his antics off the field and then the post game comments...
Get prices and info on All #Used Cars For #Sale In #Portland. Also Find #Carquote, #CarAdvice,
welcome to twitter. I am so happy my lil sis has found real love.
Convrats on your good news! Sweet dreams :)
EBEN. EBEN. EBEN. OMG I'M GONNA BE AT TEEN HOOT. HERE I COME!!!!<3
How do you nurture your own professional learning besides what you or your school provides?
Young enough to know i can, old enough to know i shouldnt, stupid enough to do it anyway.
oh let me know wen u get home ..
i need to get drunk
Toughen up tinker bell.
Even the best fall down sometimes, even the stars refuse to shine...
Made a anti-meth poster in my drug class & I won a prize. :D
Can you watch the game from Boston?
triple with marinara, delivered.
Debating on getting before work..... Hahaha who am I kidding we all know I can't resist :P
Hey guys voting starts may 29th for your favorite ptw artist. If we win we get to record a track with Carlos Santanna!!
Check out MiniSolos exhibition in its final weeks!
Wine dinner is tonight.. Photos to come.. Hope you were one of the ones to reserve a seat!
I Love Sunshine.
Went prom dress shopping with my date today! Found an awesome dress!!
Friday nite it's the Winter Rock Challenge finals with Highway4, InDecision, Wine & Spirit and The Hawkeyes 9p $5 at door 21+
We gotta get it in in a SHOW TOGETHER ROCKING the JOINT HARD.
i would like more info on how we can work together to fundraise towards my Church building fund
Mine too! RT Pollen is my kryptonite.
Just giddy. Actually, I lose: Tomorrow expecting a long stay at the license bureau. Happy wknd and Happy Easter, if you do that!.
haha. my bros about to kick me off the computer.
I'll bring the link balloons, you bring the kiddos!
If Pink City is in your Kitty I wouldn't mind moving in and living there !!
EAT, DRINK & BE MERRY TONIGHT | 8PM - 10PM | Acoustic Show | DEAL: $7 for a bottle of Fat Tire and a shot of Jameson |
I need the starshine of your heavenly eyes, after the day's great sun.
If you didn't clean the snow/ice block off the roof of your car, you're a jerk.
Google Translate is pretty darn helpful!
we are going to try. I'd love for Janet to meet you guys.
"Romney At Pizza Mogul's Mansion: 'Everyone Should Live Like This'" #huffpost 40 acres for every American, and a pizza in the pot!
Well it sounded like a big spill on the scanner. Guess the tank on the tractor was leaking pretty good.
Hello Muthafuckas .. Hey .. Hi .. How Ya Durin' !!.
Curtis' wedding! Maybe sooner?
won im so happy im crying much love man
We are done for the day! 3 songs mixed. 7 to go! Back in the studio Thursday. Goodnight tweeple! *
Shut up.
But first, breakfast at a pancake house. I wonder what's on their menu.
Watching lax duke is killin! The Paul Rabil commercial never gets old
Nice RT : #foodiechat I'm here from south bend, Indiana
I'm creepy?
#IfOnlyAlexKnew how much his smile makes me melt :D
Ghetto Dennys time on the company dime.
Do you have a vote-by-mail ballot on your kitchen table? Make sure the Election Board receives it before 6PM on Election Day.
They are soo good! have you tried the grapefruit one?
Mom, #stfu. Im going to College. The #apbio exam doesn't matter. Get off my back. The #USArmy will get me into college.
thank you cupcake!
Thomas! Thomas!
How important are sponsors for the Market? We had to spend $3,200 just for trailers. Say thanks to our wonderful sponsors.
Hoping my clips win
where were you, when my walls came falling down.
We are seconds away from our first Houston demo! Come see us on lovely Westheimer street!
I am hoping they have. Going from SUV to car so excited about better gas mileage.
that's awesome. Brilliant.
if you can't accept yourself for who you are why would I
Watch the ROCK THIS RESTAURANT MAKEOVER this Saturday March 5th on 2 KASA FOX at 5pm!!!
#followfriday Seth Butler - photographer for Vermont
Design Wow! Great Show! Dining by Design--terrific!
See the young man sitting at the old man's bar, waiting for his turn to die...Google Dolls.
Wanda N. Colon - www.wandancolon.com, Kelly Edwards - www.kellyedwardsinc.com, Ali Azhar- www.aliazharinc.com
Did others think it was offensive? I can't get over how disrespectful Jimmy Fallon's show was to Michele Bachmann last night
I considered IKEA, but they didn't have the narrow size or color I needed. These came from Anna's. :P
Last night performance was everything!! And the after party was even more....
#THATCamp #LAC campers: follow the 1st day of #thatcamp #CHNM by watching the #thatcamp hashtag - we'll have a joint session w/them tomorrow
#ThatAwkwardMoment when the guy you're talking to and the guy that keeps hitting on you have the same name...
You know those days where everyone just pisses you off no matter what? That's you everyday for me.
wow! thats crazy =/
How you could have a comedy fest in Chicago without would be beyond me. #benefitshow =
It's Winter Break Camp at Positive Tomorrows! We give kids a safe, stable place for enrichment and learning, even when school's out!
Futura? Awesome. Loved the constantly morphing set and the solemn beauty of the conclusion.
shout to you. =)
in general, i enjoy The Wanted more that One Direction.
haha that made me laugh! I think we're doing the exact same thing right now
Went to a bookstore today in WA. They had #womenshistory books filed under "relationships" in the self-help section.
haha o i love how u use twitter as in conversation as if it were a living thing,
congrats to those guys! hope the Spurs can do the same!
D-trix. flirt with me, not them.
So annoyed..
Happy Friday Everyone!
I really want to like Jennifer Lawrence, but...
We are now reviewing application #130187 - Aaron Steele.
TOUCHDOWN STANDS you bitch ass chargers
that place on Homestead good as hell..
Omg Im So Hungryy . O: Theres Nothing To Eat . D:
Live to fight another day!
FSU wants to leave the ACC? We won't miss ya.
Winning a #VespaUSA from = saving gas $$ bit.ly/mintvespatw
Confirmed - we'll be at NSS Sunday and Monday, 20th/21st. See you then!
Today is a good day to be on the water
This storm needs to go away by tommorrow morning.
Oh, man. It's brilliant.
Cant wait! RT : in MI last wk I had the pleasure of tasting a Cherry, pecan, craisin & brie pizza.. Share 2morrow.
Hello Janice. Honored by your follow. (I followed back :) Hope to hear from you often.
It's on the darkest nights that you see the most beautiful stars.
Being in Scotland has caused a 475% increase of my use of the word c*nt.
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
Swag your smle without braces ;)
follow RT for that good ol' follow
strong with Randy Shannon as OC
No its not going down tonight
is starting the new but wet & cloudy week at New Morning Cafe in Tiburon...
21 candy bars!
Torrey Smith is the number 1 hot trend on Google. Oh Fantasy Football, you are crippling the country.
I think you're looking for
stop being willing to try things different because you MIGHT do it wrong
Last Time I Checked I'm Grown! FOH
What a day. I think I'll need a drink...let's just call it Cinco de Mayo.
The planet will become a kind of supermarket. But strange things can happen. Sometimes history is ironic.- George Steiner
Just want you to know that the ONLY people I send bday tweets 2 are attractive, intelligent & incredibly sexy individuals
...rumble pack/dual shock, achievemetns/trophies, wiimote?/playstation move, smash bros?/ sony all stars. quite embarassing.
problem is...he's really only my husband in my mind. uh oh. i hear his sneakers runnin' for the hills...
RT via The energy here is incredible. I Love You
You guys gotta live till May 22!!!
imitation is the best form of flattery
Get up and get at it. Good Morning good people.
how are your fingertips doing?
That awkward moment when the dentist asks you a question while his hands are in your mouth
It is worthwhile to live and fight courageously for sacred ideals
#thingsicantstand, paying full price for tickets, so here it is DC half off Heart of the King A Tribute to Elvis, go to
red velvet frozen yogurt is my new fav...
1/2 off snow day at is very exciting especially on fish fry friday!
People will always try to be negative, all you can do is continue smiling and stay positive.
I'm Bi-winning, One speed, One gear, GO
alright then..... Ndjrjrnirndjdosnsbdjdkenskskfbsk.
Waking up at 12 and still not having the energy to get out of bed
I forgot to record the new show. I'd like to see it. Will it replay any time this weekend?
But not better than #NeverSayNever Justin Bieber
Happy Weekend! 20% off all purchases b/w 5pm-7pm
#honestly I still don't know why Captain Harris always had it out for Mahoney and the other police officers.
Just listened to Fugazi repeater cuz it had been a min. Forgot music could change the world. Thank you Ian.
Everything was getting better . . . & I fucked it up . I always fuck it all up .
I'm sure you'll love the books :) yes., how was your day??
So excited about the BBA general meetings this week. I hope you can make it!
ha just realised it said 'time' is a great teacher, embarrassing! I thought it said this...lol! X
lol Hell yea good ol "P" Days lol
Dear Twitter I'm Officially DEAD.....
Good Luck :)
thanks! Xoxo ERIN DIANE
very nice!!!!! LOL
Please keep Larry in your prayers. He is in the hospital due to a dangerously low white blood cell count from his Chemotherapy.
Take a minute to see our latest #eyetracking solutions at the SMI booth 25 at
Working in Austin, Texas at the Barton Creek Resort & Spa
“: Must say really like that Best Buy ad about mobile phones with the creators of all the apps, etc.” me too
“: impressive instagram” omg, that should be your instagram handle!!!
"we have the tools to create our own content now." I want to be a female Tech Gal. I loved TechTV
...turns out it's so they can be more comfortable -- Sab says NO...I'm comfortable here...sorry GTFOH...lol
at IDCC 6 in Chicago, last session of the day
we do! email us at with what you have in mind; we can do all kinds of fun things for kids :)
it's not blocked
It's almost showtime at ! and of course...US! Be there! 11pm! FREE!!!
CUSTOM POSTERS!
he's dead, jim
dont pay any attn to me man ,im old school.. like my beer and drinks full flavored and strong,
The good die young so they can get to heaven early & watch over the rest of the slums
I just wish u would see my tweets for once!:(
There's a web service for people who sign up for too many web services
Curious, but what does it mean? I've walked by that store/brand many a times and never gave it thought :)
Getting home from work and seeing my girls just reminds how lucky of a guy I really am!
S/o to for not being a pussy! 😊
Went to the Hollywood dance and boys volleyball game last night! Yet I went injured lol!
Weekend starts thursdayy!!! :)
damn. I want your boss
someone asked about you.... on every single one of his twitcams, you and Miranda are always mentioned.. aha :)
what kind of show?
The GW Patriot is temporarily unavailable due to maintenance. We will be back up soon. We apologize for the inconvenience - Patriot staff
I'll tweet a link to the online column Wednesday morning. Feature story to come down the road. Thanks!
OMG! You will see me! <3
Theresa you rock!!!
How many times have you typed, "l'm okay" while crying?
What a great weekend for the Lobos!!
Ayo SB, whats the f-cks good? We ship platinum, them b!tches are shipping wood <3 i have nicki in my head ----
I need the Sony press conference NOW!
im tierd of following ppl and not getting a follow back
Pitch FX believes that it will be short lived, but it has been fun to watch.
At arbor mall gettin my new clothes
Brad is hotter than Angela, just the truth
Is your favorite color yellow by any chance.
10 sketchy people messing with the flagpole is a way to make sure 200 people stay away from
Damn right #playoffbeards are #manly! We'll def check out your show
the #nfl is so ass backwards its a sin RT : So a punch to the face gets your a $25k fine but a tackle could get you $60k+??
PS: I'm so happy that my role model will be on the judge chair of The X Factor! Britney, your always in my heart. Wish you the best on it Xo
what does oomf mean
um, that it was interesting enough to retweet?
Already fammo you know how we do! RT : SO CLEAN WHN I WALK ALL I HEAR IS WHISTLE'S HAHAHAHA!!!
The #podcast is way more entertaining than the #WalkingDead TV show.
Good morning, Nikita! How was your dinner at Luce?
If you're wearing "juicy" pants, that ass better be.
Back hurts from recovering picnic table, chiminea, and washing machine from canal. Stupid Ike. Boat goes to boat heaven today.
thanks again for tickets! Wife and friend looking forward to the game. Go Timbers!
#Icantgoadaywithout praying to God<3 I Love Sundays!
Happy to see the #dh project I worked on for , Civil War Washington, is getting recognized by ,
And the students in the graduating class of 2011 march in to the auditorium.
lmfaoooo hell no! im not twitpicking him
I'm off w/ my Juiceman this Sunday & Monday which works out perfectly fine since he's not going to his Papa's house this week
It's 5:39 and im up..:/ why you ask.? I have a freaking science field trip..:(
The World is Ours.
★ ULTIMATE LADIES NIGHT ★ Grab the girls and come enjoy $15 bottonless bubbles tonight at Narcisse!
goodmorning to you too :-) AND to the rest of the positive twitter people!
This psych exam is going to seriously be the end of me no joke.
Chuuch RT The whole #InsideTheNBA set is speaking truth on Eric Spoelstra, LeBron and D. Wade.
Have you #cooked with quinoa? It's a great grain w/ protein & much more! featured it. I eat it for breakfast how do u eat it?
Show Show Show Show Show
Monique Show got cancelled..is anyone really surprised? All she did was preach..it was annoying but she surely went in on that audio lol!
When is Puck gonna take his test???
unless you bet on Utah
Because Joss Whedon is awesome I will bear this burden of blame.
#Caps GMGM says Dale will be with them at the draft to help them out there
how's ol Pendleton.
On top of delivering the highest quality and safest repairs, Car Crafters also makes customer convenience and comfort a top priority.
I am beautiful no matter what they say, words cant bring me down. I am beautiful in every single way...so don't you bring me down today...
Today in Financl Srvcs Cmtee I questioned Sec #Geithner on the million$ Gaddafi's family unjustly took from #Libya's people.
"I'm glad our streets are no longer menaced by super-tough doo-wop singers" Now we have criminals with badges and auto weapons
damn I didn't even think u did that
Sorry...what was your tweet referencing?
I'm didn't want to do it, because I'm really happy, and didn't have a question I needed to ask. So just asked, "What do I need to know?"
"All you owe the public is a good performance." -Humphrey Bogart A film maker and actors responsibility :)
Summer break is only a week and a half away!
Let the general campaign begin! We have a contest of the Left vs. the Right. Obama vs. Romney
Lisa, we love it! Cheers to healthy hearts RT Raising a glass of red wine to salute heart health month. Remember those Omega-3s!
yeah, Jackson, Hardesty and Hillis are out, we could have the most beat up running back core in the league
Wanna book jc to come to the uk buh ive got no money so that idea's gone out the window.
can't wait , excited for the new and old stuff. Minds will be blown away!
I don't mind losing to good teams...shit, even decent teams...but the TWINS? THE EFFIN TWINS. seriously guys
I'll be signing books with other authors at Cape Bookrack,Cape Girardeau, MO Sat. Oct. 8, 11-3 . Please join us. Drawing for free book CDs.
I love this time of year, when networks announce renewals for shows that should have canceled five years ago.
Go follow this amazing mahomie and belieber
Must visit. Z-man. Nom nom.
hey promo x30
Today's Specials: Cranberry pecan short stack; Chilli Cheese corndogs w/ fries; Tortilla Soup.
Dictators lead through fear; good coaches do not. — John Wooden
Jealous! Stuck on campus for another 1.5 hrs teaching. Hope the buses keep going until I get to go home!
Headed out to catch "The Lorax"? Stop by before or after for a tasty, healthy treat. We don't speak for the trees, but we are cool.
Hi , glad to see you via Twitter and Facebook. I applaud you for being so social during tax season. Keep up the good work!
Shared experience > Location
CAN YOU IMAGINE A SQUIRREL DOING THAT? NOT!!! T/F/S...
I'm desperate. Four tech calls, two last minute cancelations and I'm still without a microwave. Been almost six weeks.
“: #watching Drive” you wasted 2 hours of your day.
Explain what happened during the "explosive decade" of prison riots.
I never gave a damn about the whether and it never gave a damn about me.
yes they are pricey but the undisputed top dog in the gun world
when the hell did you become a hockey fan???
ya im texting him now... thanks though
I need a deluge of Biblical proportion to save my garden. Where is Noah when I need him?
Acoustic to symphony, it's clear I don't know what I want out of today.
Do I know you or do we just have Portland, Northern California and instagram in common?
will do. Thank you!
It's gonna be a long night.
ohh okay.. I thought you were not mahomies again but I was wrong
I feel that way about Facebook posts. Oh, the ways of social media...
exquisite corpse with butcher paper and oxbow students
We're proud to be a sponsor!
Atlanta, GA- need female for Rock video. No nudity. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code B3)
Whatever they're eating, it smells divine *grumbles then continues on with teasing the noble men*.
#raw10 Dated a woman who was supa Fine, like Tyra Banks. 1 prob though, 2 many corns on her toes. as if she worked 4 Orville Redenbacher
100 LIKES FOR THE LATEST RECORD "CALL ME MAYBE." LMS.
i hope everything goes good for you tommorrow! i just know that you will look even better than you do now without braces! ❤
Congrats guys, so proud of you!
What's your all-time favorite pinball game?
showing some of that Milwaukee love to the dirty south 1
omg #TeamLegna !!! thanks
just. Low.
Philly Thinker says "bring on the Okie Joe's."
weather channel?? Drew Brees !!!
Today's affirmation: I know that every day I am developing towards my fullest potential.
Microsoft store people adorably nicer than Apple store people. I know Apple's OK with that, but I think it's disappointing.
I have 2 more spots in South Jersey. Looking for #C# #ASP.Net #Oracle Developers. Did I mention they were permanent? As …http://
lol you retweeted the wrong one dude XD search my tweets and retweet the radio station one not the last one XD
They are stool available? Here you are on twitter talking about cassette tapes.
I am so sorry! I missed you too! A bit overloaded with work (((BIG BEAR HUG)))
Completely obsessed with 's Working in the Theatre on CUNYTV
Love the feedback! U do know best! RT : I like the ad but in all honesty less text would be much more effective.
How can anyone dislike the #Nationals ? They're the #OKC of the
No angle, just dangle
Have a #yelp or #foursquare app? Check In for Dinner service Friday and Saturday for a Free Mango Margarita!
I guess all this guy does is lose, too.
You are not right, boy. Respect the Nudies! cc:
wake'em up.But if you don't have a game plan to actually combat the "Illuminati" people will roll over and go back to sleep
“: I sold a head light bulb to him! Btw aren't you on your honeymoon? Congrats!!”/ yes and thank you!!!!
is an swesome tool!
In the 90s rappers wore gold, not platinum.
I fucking hate making up the bed.
Thank you! You know it! :-)
Girl you are finer than frogs hair!
Are you tired of neck and back pain? Did you know that pinched nerves could be the cause of your discomfort?
Electric daisy is coming to town. Better reserve your transportation soon. It's 45 min off the strip.
Thanks for the RT! We're super excited about hitting 13,000 courses.
uh. facebook places.
Thinking about the RED Epic...so soon.
ok, do you have an email?
RT : Also thanks for the rosé RTs of my #tastewa post. Cheers!
I will take Collins and Lamb.
if you mean the iPad app.. It's great. (might be similar)
Also accidentally lean on your horn right after parking, your neighbors will think it's hilarious
Snow moving into the Northeast & New England - here?? - we're going to the beach - - SUNNY & 70S....aahhhh - another lousy day in paradise!
How I would love to buy a female dog and name her life.
My goal was a simple 1000 word blog post on dirty living. 4000 words later, I realized I was literally writing a footnote to a footnote.
WHAT IF answered my question about paul higgins omg i would cry for 567 years
hey Cam! please follow me. I love you
Glad you are part of my PLN as well!
last 5 starts. Joe says that Stewart catching Sabathia like that is just how it happened to be. Girardi needs to get off his pedestal and
Nothing quite sets the mood for the day like listening to Ennio Morricone in the morning.
Details, details, how many details!!!
Never take counsel of your fears.
LCSH inappropriate for computer environment- too textural, too reliant on/developed for humans. Poss. prob. for collaboration in #lis?
Are you listening to the music this week?
You were not made by God to fit into this world. You were made to stand out..
No 5 in changing your life for the #NewYear - 'The Right to Change your Mind' ! Wishing each of you a blessed & warm Christmas Eve.
Okay-hands are loosing grip so it is time to stop working for the night. I can return to the studio early tomorrow & get back to work.
They are trying to hang a pastor in iran for being christian. Quickly Sign the petetion!! Call 877-989-2255 or log on acla.org
#NowWatching my Niners kick some Cardinals ass.
Is my life so lame that I have to resort to watching friends? There has ta be something else on
at first I though it was edited or something like that
Singing....Gimme di gal dem wid di wickedest slam. Di kinda gal weh know fi love up she man.
Ohh I hope you find them!
Garner state park bro. ( yes, for some reason I have wi fi)
so much judgement :~)
2.6.2 is now available! Sorry for the short time frame between releases. No need to update unless you're using user_thumbs.
cool. I look forward to hearing who the player is
Learned more about "audio described movies" #csun12. Augmented description of action on the screen, not just closed captions.
Damn last nite was dope,shit we get down haha.
Great to see former Hill Hi Spartan Colt Lyerla get his first Ducks TD. We know that kid can make a big play! 34-0 all Oregon
A little stubbornness will work out fine
Yay! I'm going to see #oomf today :D
I found that out when I got there! LOL! It's all good, I connected w some folks I met last time. It was another grt time
has decided to do all my status updates using Cream's lyrics from their time on heroin. They were a cross between Naked Lunch and Finneg ...
But when you walk into a party, you don't see somebody's brain
i fully stuffed my grill with good leftovers from my wonderful womens birthday yesterday and now i'm rockin some decent gas. i'm full though
We're playing with Jukebox the Ghost on April 11 at The Social. Come out and support great people making great music. Hit us up for presales
Hello beautiful new apartment :)
do yourself a favor and watch now. You'll learn a lot, like how to properly pine after people, etc...
time to mix it up. I'm actually starting to miss Warren Zevon.
We are in need of more family care/primary care Oregon licensed doctors. come tomorrow and see Phyllis.
I think I can relate to The Grinch, when his heart grew 5X in a matter of minutes... Ouch! It hurts!!
I love u more than Cat loves tap it and sky store together!♥
Great radio voice, Howard, & what you have to say, of course.
Meeting with the president of tomorrow. Brainstorming some good questions for him. Can't wait!
Good Luck at the Jack this weekend.
“: The Da Vinci Shins at 3/1. #grandnationalhorses”|| That race still happens?
If imagining a studio audience shout of romantic O's each time my cat sticks her butt in my face is wrong, I don't want to be right.
haha at comp sunday i was crying in the parking lot because my mom ran out of booby tape
From the book "Peripheral Vision:" "It isn't that they can't see the solution. It is that they can't see the problem." - G.K. Chesterton
ohmygod i hate you
my pillows my only friend/:
Asked to comment on the Jordan Classic and it's lack of U of L commits, Rick Pitino said "Really? On the day Piermario Morosini died?"
Hearing abt amazing work by to help create a Domestic Worker Justice Zone in Park Slope!
Titanic in my pants
stoked on your work maneo! Creative collisions.
So go on and take it, take it all with you. Don't look back at this crumbling fool. Just take it all with my love, take it all with my love.
Awesome!!! I actually met him a little over a year ago! Have you met him/seen him in concert?
my two year old and I went out for Mexican while the hubs took my oldest on a date! Lol
Word 100k: "he" - I was hoping for a more exciting milestone word, especially after word 50k was "Henry" (who is also the "he" of word 100k)
yeah. He's alive and well in the W. Lmao
it does. Many on-air personalities are not who they appear to be.
Definitely seems like the perfect fit for the Social Suite! How ya been big guy?
lol It said the same to me,lol
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you twerk in the middle of the street
2nite come out to ! 50 cent wells till 11 and $3 u call it all nite! 18+ free all night! video mixin all nite!
you all can join
Like I'm texting you now it alerts me when someone tweets me
I'm so Cold! I know it's supposed 2 b nice out, but I'm freezing!
I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble.
Papa Smurf always has blue balls :(
Blackpool will be the 20th team in the Premier League next season! They beat Cardiff City 3-2.
Hold tight to memories for comfort, lean on your friends for strength..
just saying this is why I hope you can support the prez, not perfect, but not as scary as these people.
I'm with you. I especially hate how they get the cute little ones to ask if you want to buy one.
I already miss you
Sounds like you're going to get attacked by a lot of people screaming white out today... I'd wear armor if I were you...
#69Factsaboutme 12. I always bite my nails off. I don't like them long.
A beautiful night on First Hill. Lots of folks gathered for tonight's "Save our Community Health Centers" event tonight.
well that was a productive meeting for the tournament
Kale chips taste worst than they look and that's saying a lot.
can't wait to see you guys june 2nd :) ITS MY 16 BIRTHDAY PRESENT <3
CTFU I'm truly happy
Hi Nicky, really pleased you enjoyed it! You should receive it on Monday from but let us know if you don't get it.
four legs good, two legs bad? cc/
Well... Telemarketing ISNT for me. I had to quit today :-( Now I gotta look for a job all over again... Anybody got any ideas?
Hats, caps and tams off to Mannie Pollack, all in LAS and Pavilion who do such a great job organizing commencement every year!
seriously underestimated how much I dig
how do you mix your Manhattan?
Twitter is a cesspool for hyperbole. And I love it.
let's pay some bills today
I love the Navy Seals as a metaphor.
please say hello
The park is pretty tempting right now 😏
Any day now!
The market opens at 10am today with Sing Leslie performing at noon
relationships are shifting- stronger influence from non-legal pros #LTNY Firms need to understand how they are being perceived
Imagine if every time u hit a red light going to the store u went home. Quitting & starting again burns up a lot of time.
Babies die without affection. That is why loneliness hurts so much. It is natural to fight for survival.
Long time no talk. Haven't seen this girl in minute. Now she's taking my order.
Oh I totally am! I'm just going to try to not fall in love with the idea of how my life would be with this job this time around.
Hehe! Thankfully it's a small garden.. I need to do better with it, really...
What doesn't kill you makes a great novel! Typing away today!
What would you do #IfTheyShutDownTwitter??
Ah man, almost time to go & get the junior girls ready for powder puff. Lord help me..-___-
Heard they are trying to work their way into the field hockey world too. so may argue its not an "action" sport. I beg to differ
Also the part where my mom left me a voicemail and her voice kept getting higher and higher as she got more and more excited about her news.
Watching The Blind Side. So good, but making me cry.
o! Thanks for the reminder! I was thinking of going! Even wrote it on meh calendah!
When girls don't like you for no reason<<<
hot damn im at it again
Babies. All I see are babies.
My voice sounds differentt . & my throat hurts :o oh geeeze .
yes try oatmeal with milk - forget the water. Also try maple syrup & cinnamon. Or chocolate chips
I may have been living under a stone, I never heard of #50shadesofgrey or one of the #50shades #trilogy until now … has anyone read it?
#AskBieber when is the world tour starting?(:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!! Happy birthday Madison! I hope u have a great one. Love you!
fun Saturday. but way ready for #sundayfunday and whoever else
: the budget is far less contentious now that all these other issues have been resolved
I'm so sore oh my goodness I can't move.
My pheromones smell like Bulgari Black. Summary: I am biologically blessed.
How is everyone? :)
Cee Lo's cat gets airtime on #TheVoice, but not your First Fish...making calls...
just trying to share the love
Where's Tyler Lewis?
Spring and summer is here - time to book your Family Reunion - call us @ 296-4852 to book your event.
#oomf stay falling asleep on me -___- not cute at all
hey good thing we saved that typewriter because someone just asked for one
Ha, I have 4 Google+ friends, thank you very much :)
Meet me in Phx after the game. There's about to be a rumble!!! Hahaa
": Beyonce at Revel! It's so close!!! :DD"
and so was Getzlaf but he was funny... Triple fisting vodka sodas
Now ICONiacz are starting to like ; back off & stick to your ICONic Boyz .
Polls are open in #Arlington! Take 5 minutes to vote in the special election to fill Barbara Favola's County Board seat!
- Very cool. What city/s? What's the most interesting thing you've brewed w/ so far?
Given the massive popularity of the language and size of developer base, I mean.
Follow to find out the big announcement coming today!
I have gotten this spam like ten times.
HI, JUST WONDERING IF YOU WILL TWEET ME SOMETIME? NO? OKAY ;)
If you're going to be crass, I think you should at least attempt to be provocative.
this was great. Thanks for sharing.
it takes a village to archive the Web
Well, how was your weekend?
Tom Izzo from Michigan State should be disgraced. Halftime plan has them getting outscored 25-9 as we speak. What a joke Izzo.
just got home from making my abs of steel into abs of... steel
That Feeling That U get When u Wanna cry
Make me fuck you up
Nice summary, and nice use of Storify! Thanks for sharing them.
Nuh-uh, but this canola mixed with butternut squash chunks sure isn't doing it...
I will check it out:)
Meditate, Levitate, Regulate.
No seriously, you can go fuck yourself
In the theater gonna watch the hunger games.
IFC Spirit Awards!!!
You're our special hobbit :) Love the pants btw :)
15 in a row wow that's amazing
For sure, bud! It won't be long.
This guy n I have touched hands twice already on this train pole. 1 more time n I've had my first gay experience.
DS: While Peyton Manning and Jim Irsay are crying, Andrew Luck is somewhere singing 50 Cent's "Piggy Bank" w/ a "FUCK YOU, PAY ME" shirt on.
Today's the day all the procrastination catches up with me...
Lol...I hear ya!
you don't know you're beautiful...
relative major: an uncle in the Marine Corps. relative minor: a girlfriend.
lohfh my nigga say so fat girl wearing booty short now
sent, check ya dm
Of the Saint Valentine whose feast is today, nothing is known except his name and he was buried on the Via Flaminia north of Rome on Feb 14
Just finished talkin with potential C3 candidates
wow, just make sure it sticks, ha
yeah Fam always Doc!
I only really stopped so I could eat it for lunch today. YUM!
Gym time.
 real fast
for the retweets!
i think that's when we like , too
#sushi is happiness
This headache😖<<<
at school today my friend said if there is ever another band with the word 'direction' in it she will punch them in the face.
You Tweeted about the Olympics, We talk about it. Up next on the Breakfast Show
Agree? I think we all agree you're a
Has anyone tried the Scott Naturals "roll-less" toilet paper? It took me like, 3 minutes just to get the roll onto the spool. Bo!
Know any great DPs (director of photography) in the LA area? We're looking for one on a documentary I'm co-producing.
DM Thank you for following us. It would be great to work together some day soon.
Most shocking thing during RLE set: getting two bottles of water dumped on him by two middle schoolers.
Hey love, I'm just getting on, I hope I didn't miss much!!
Lots of fireflies!
I aint n da league but i ball with da ball players every week philly bottles on my crew
Damn I swear I smoked so much last night I woke up #high this morning!
haha what! Why!
Thanks Cass...going against one of the best players in the USA today. It will be a great challenge for me.
Looking for suggestions on things to do/see in the Washington D.C. area.
& which guy that actually has respect for themselves would want a chick like that. Shit I know I wouldn't haha
Happy new years er'body. Everyone take a shot for me !!
Sure why not : u drink red wine
Our office is on pins and needles. RT : Suspense is building! “ just talked to official from MCAS Miramar and they...
SO JEALOUS THAT YOU ARE THERE!
I thought it was so cool :>) maybe replace tall with GRAND ;) haha
We are getting very EXCITED!!! Our BIGGEST sale of the year begins in just 3 days!!! TheBlindManNM.com
no such thing as too much coffee
just sum play game with my cousin
Win 63% of the weekly locks you order or receive your money back guaranteed!
their minds is floppy, mines a harddrive archive the truth no bull no jive you can call a truce..
Watch your mouth RT : Lebron is such a joke. Once again he does nothing in the 4th quarter and is not clutch.
Watch Kimbriell Kelly today at Noon
Rebellion is the source of all innovation.
WorQing really hard right now!!!
Oh ok, well let us know if you need anything else! :)
just did a motivation cover....banger!!!!! check it out on youtube.com/gregtellis314
I have the most awesome twitter family in the world. I LUV each & everyone of U SO VERY MUCH!!! U MAKE ME SMILE! Happy Hump Day Everyone<3
You know the drill...pic or it didn't happen haha
Also, I found some history papers I wrote in high school. SO BORING. I seriously needed an editor. And a smaller head.
That was our house last night--grabbed the Bradbury graphic novels for my boys. Just before dinner: "Dad, I'm on page 42!"
Home Ownership matters in Columbus, Ohio. Get your house today before they are ALL gone!!
And I ask you friend, what's a fella to do, cause her hair was black and her eyes were blue.
Happy Birthday! RT : Good morning all and a very happy birthday to Joe Hart who is celebrating his 25th today!
The Avengers was great!!! I don't require money on movie dates lol right boo ?! Lol I gotta train her!
you're welcome caleb freakin agnew for pretty much doing your film project. what would you do without me? lol
thanks for the RT!
Problems posting on the DP Facebook page this a.m... of course the same post will probably show up 10 times at some point
Out with the wife. This is bullshit. Can't. Wait.
your welcome(:
that means your company is broke and can't pay the light bill...
Fit test time!
the only reason i'm not bitching about the time switch today is that spring break gives me a week to adjust.
True. Solid beef products. Ben and I would know
Does anyone know the secret?
Human experience adds to the sacred math.
so freaking tired, but i cannot fall asleep... :(
In #DETROIT today running around but first grocery shopping, breakfast then a TRACK workout at 1pm. Then hang with Barrett Strong :) #FF xo
RT "the mission only succeeded because every member of that unit trusted each other" Gr8 metaphor 4 #famliies and us all.
is gonna be an all star within 3 years
does Jorts go out with a triple double tonight???
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in WASHINGTON,DC--->July1st -July 7th,2012!Stay tuned for more info- AESAOne
Good morning everyone!
your bartape will unravel and your beans will go stale!
Day 2: Bright Green Future: afternoon sessions begin at 1pm
Performing at a black history event ....in April lol. #blackpower #blackbrother :)
Tweeting for benefit of your fans is great. Tweeting same thing x20 via 3rd party marketing suite not great - unfollows to follow
Balls and wieners I need it to be
Had a peculiar encounter with a psycho neighbor the other day. He gave me the salute. #we're#2!
lol. He got cut by the grand wizard!!
Twitter is so entertainin.....
What are some of your favorite HH items? “: Yumm... This is making me hungry! ;]”
St. Patrick's Day on Amtrak = new opportunity to throw up on your iPad.
Ah. =[ You need help at B14U?
when i was 13 i wanted to be a back up dancer..... I was convinced it was gonna happen
I can watch little miss sunshine a thousand times 💚
wishes would follow her! :(
It was a private concert sorry
Loyalty is everything!
Nothing as fun as doing an in-class presentation to a crowd that checked out 2 presentations ago.
Markus a ol smooth lip ass nigga now
I have to say I'm disappointed in pple celebrating both holidays at once and wearing sombrero fascinators.
are you really leaving ?
happy birthday dolly! Love you!!!
Barcelona loses to the best football club in the world...at home.
What's up bro! Hope all is well.
you know when you're at a super cool conference, and you can't get anyone to tweet. yeaaahh....
Lol watching glee:p
Hello, Twitter! I've missed you! Celebrating our reunion with a Venti Caramel Macchiato :)
Day off tomorrow. Gonna go play!
Definately one of the worst birthdays I've ever had.
What an excellent day 2day. Great home cooked meal, best friend & watching & my friend on Letterman tonight.
Ha! Likewise. Just have to make it a priority!
JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL
Women should come with permanent mood rings
The Yanks are beatable
Today may be good day to work on getting onions and potatoes in the garden
When is the pre-order going to open for the US… come on Apple!!!
I'm really a big fraidy cat. I get so scared if anyone close to me says and mean thing to me.
Texting Jacob ! <333
loved it! but pitt did do good...
Saw the movie the woman in black yesterday it was scary. I wanna see it again :)
I hate when I want to comment on someone's blog post, but can't figure out how to say what I want to say. Anybody else have this happen?
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you♥ 1
Bakersfield , California! We are performing at Jerrys Pizza tonight! Come party with us and the NYTF Tour!
jusst coming frum outside i was bored so i was like let me talk to her because you are fun 2 talk 2
I was so bothered & annoyed when i found out too!! >:-( RT : I won't be hitting mega million- Floridians can't play. Total BS!
Seriously though, why is UM so annoying sometimes.
for as much trouble as the language has given me, somethings are never #lostintranslation:
Ah just got my world 2.0 in the mail with the signed picture ;D
And no one will tell Tami to chill.
Even beautiful people make mistakes: Website connects America's most eligible ... - Daily Mail
#NickJChat Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe 5
I'm eating a Wawa sandwich. I can't really judge.
Anyone celebrating a birthday in Atlanta this weekend? RSVP for a complimentary birthday section and bottle at tonight.
Looks like your rooting for the wrong team.
Bush INT in SB. Good special teamer.
Putting together workshop for new managers using age old "Read Books, Repurpose Content, Make Interactive" technique. Never fails.
OA not threat to subscr model. Will sit side-by-side. 3% of YBP and Ingram sales are patron driven.
& not visiting uwm<<
juss gt out dha shower n now im hungry n bored asz hell...!!!
Carlos is here.. which means most of my plans need to be canceled :/ I sorry
Already Got It. Sucker
ha! not exactly sure what that might constitute, but it seems you guessed correctly
Marq bball so fun to watch, another double digit comeback in progress
Can't right now...watching
Plez follow back..recommended by JayPrince
USDA Food Guide Pyramid was political not scientific doc; encouraged lots of carbs. No surprise @ overweight stats ...
what is it you say...hm...bwahahahaha..#niceone!!
i live in Indiana to (; only in Avon though -.- but I want to meet you anyways ... Love You <3
What's up if u like Justin Bieber then forget u lol jk but yea i dont like JB
Johnny rockets with the track crew
Nite! Sleep sweet!
call up rich hill and dfa justin thomas. easy. then bring up cook, try and slip albers through waivers to A, and bard to the pen.
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Desiree Rabuse and Ana Perez-Haynes!
Chillin. Join me.
I'm the new chair of a scholarship program and I rmbr us chatting about youth empowerment; would you be interested? plz message!
Awe THANKS
Summer? Is that you?
thanks for the tweet love anjali
There is an average of 3000 ft. of electrical wiring in every car.
Wasn't expecting Rushton Rd to be dirt. nevertheless ...
As my family sends me pictures of my adorable nephew I am fighting the urge to not put them all up. This isn't an easy task he's very cute!
I know man, I feel you. These new cats runnin wild out here... The OG's need to start checkin fools in asap
lucky!! D:
way to take a huge step in the wrong direction NC..
Gucci digital lol
They should call u Johnny Apple Seed.
Homecare services are becoming very popular as families are now able to get the level of service they would expect for their loved one
NF THX FOR THE FOLLOW RT FOR A S/O
The Mini Skirt in the 39Teenies39OASAP High Street Fashion Blog - tights and leggings
Offered free tickets and backstage passes to see Ronnie Milsap this weekend at BBQ fest. My response depends on whether booze is free.
not awake -well one of them might be tho -the little ones were playing lady gaga on the ipod outside his room :)
RT : Through the power of inquiry, you come to realize for yourself that you are love. There’s nothing you can do about it.
Tip #176: I have learned many things in #poker. One is #anger almost always leads to #destruction in cards. #TILT =
i personally don't care if the emma and thing's true or not, as long as harry is happy i'm happy. I love you harry forever :*
...and a shot caller. You could say that.
You do not know how hard I've worked to improve staff's photography skills!
The fool posted about it on another website. Probably under a fake name
Partying at Brennan's!
Who are you rooting for in tonight's Oscars?
Psycho (1960): Wonderful to watch this film for the first time in a movie theater. People actually screamed during the "stairs scene". :)
For our ever-lasting friendship, send sincere blessings and warm greetings to my friends whom I miss so much
are u and kiara dating?
Bro. I was in 7 different dance off with people, and I lost to a Breaker and a tutter/popper. They were DOPE.
"Mm! SEXY! Get it, Phillip Phillips!" -Me yelling at my tv I think only will understand my insanity on this.
Watch "Bling" on Netflix if you get a chance. It's cool mayne.
Imma need you to report to a tap class immediately...
Not sure what it is called, but it is in the northeast corner of the market. They are not to be missed :)
I think I like Kim now! :)
when did you become a #baller?
I'm so sore!!
im almost sure i posted when #PS3 would be getting the map packs.... sorry if i didnt
#sschat Cool moment-"Mrs. Ballard, I like this game and it gets complicated." Thanks, We are loving Do I Have a Right?
we can certainly help you out with killer deals on equipment
hi friend who you think cowboys are gonna draft tomorrow
I Put On Tupac Dear Mama And She Took The CD Out And Put On Mary J Blige It Was A Sign Of I Love You
Too lazy.. Yoga pants again
Celebrating 6 month anniversary, Valentine's Day and baby announcement with my boo
Thanks for the #ff and for the caps. You (and Jennifer too) are such a pleasure to work with!
im sorry brielle:/ love u !!<3 text me!
The wrong people always get with the right people & fuck it up for the people that was right for the right people!
I'll probably have to organize my own panel AGAIN, but I'm tired of chairing.
Update: its just lunch...: Broncos' Joe Ellis and Pat Bowlen just left Dove Valley together
Women who are making a difference in ebooks:
what about feminist/queer technology art? Let's not leave out the making #FemTechNet & feminism 2day shud include queer/trans
Have fun! See if you can sit in for the daily QC sampling with John, Jim and the rest. Good times.
I'm hiding
you know u gone have to slide me that picture you.got.on ya default
Congrats! RT : We loved the story! Many thanks!!
"Bush insisted it would be impossible to know how much would be needed, so instead of including anything in the regular budget"
BTW- I did, or am doing, both! I have to have 2 root canals tomorrow AND did hari-kari for my daughter's sake! Find out
Sachem east field hockey playoffs
Congratulations! You made the goal! Can't wait for the EP series to begin!
6 Nights Left in our Apple A Day Giveaway! Watch Big Bang Tonight @ 7 & 7:30 & you could win the new iPad, a Macbook Air, or an iPod Touch!
I puss people off...oh well I'm here so deal with it.
he's tomorrow XD
Thanks for tightening up my locs. You rock!!!
RT: : 2012 Camp Chat "Transformation" Trix Camp at the US OPEN at Walt Disney World July 11th-12th!!! Registration now open!!!...
isn't a user..
oops make that size 12 down to size 8 in 4 weeks. correction. however you want to measure that..either way, back to size 8 jeans!
thank you too for the follow and I appreciate the RT! God bless!
Anyone have a good etsy shop for hair bows? I don't want to pay $10 each, but do want some cuteness & durability. All suggestions welcome!
wait till you see the next one ;-) I'm trying to make it to NAB, but I'm meet be on a feature.
I like sending out texts before I sleep that way I can wake up to some.
Finish the sentence: "I could not live without my brand new......"
we're getting married one day.. just thought I'd let you know. .<3
no not at all
Connecting the dots as the universe gives them to me...
Romney's life as a kid is who he truly is as an adult. He still pushing and cutting his way through life.
Nope! Just came to me out of the blue! I should post to Pinterest though!
you have a point... next time I might try to endure the sight long enough to snap one
Today is my wedding day.
So true!! God is faithful to pour out is unconditional love, grace & mercy every single day. We must learn to receive it! :)
Would be fun!
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
Street closed because five people were shot...
still not sure how to use this twitter thing - thanks to everyone who is following me - am working on following you back but not there yet
#blogher11 tip: if you need to hide out, go to the men's room. I have yet to encounter anyone in there.
that definitely doesn't go for you. Focus on thinking.
thats one fucked up family stay away from the gene pool!
now that's LOVE
So you said I'm gonna read this story.
Don't like this feeling.
aww man the other ones are not funny though.. The salvation army one was though
xD true :p are you trying out for one of the major parts or a small part?
OKay my love
amazing new track great work on the new ep can't wait for the release
I finally get it #socialmedia! Cgrts on your success with #Epiosolutions. I'm in Seattle second week of June let's connect
RT “ I might just cry right now lol”
An opera dress should be arranged more for contrast with a crowd, than with reference to the individual taste. (1850)
Pull the trigger theres no pity for a coward
Wow... Grandma and i have completely different political views... Exact opposite
Thanks for the tunes Lisa. Happy new year - have a good one!
Gotta feel Brewer Fever ! RT : our magic number is now 9.
ur addicted to twitter.. its ok i am too
Going to check out the shelter near by for kitties again, in the morning. Big day! Extra excited! :-)
Thanks! P.S. We still need to grab lunch.
Pretty sure I had stopped watching by that time. Anything before about '85 I probably saw.
finally we get a diva match
oh word, haha well its still a dope flip of that verse to dindi.
People. people. That is clearly MY COSTCO.
today is going to be the worst day ever.
We sometimes forget what God said: "With God NOTHING shall be impossible"
Lets get it poppin.
Wish! 73% of CEOs don't believe marketers contribute to the bottom line
Location 3 (clue continued): go find some bread where the samples are free outside our neighborhood bakery
Nice meeting both of you as well. I'll be there! x
Waiting w/Nick for bloodwork.
Love this tweet
Keep both out and go mcgahee?
His dancing tho.SO FUCKIN SEXY.
Eliminate preventive health care or close a loophole. Hm. Which one is more beneficial? I believe all politicians are BRAIN DEAD!
ah sis do u do pop tracks to cuz i got dis banger pop/techno track dat a go crazy if u grace da hook wats da
great to see all of you in !
Goodbye buffalo, hello myrtle beach c:
oh god, haha 😁
So um..I LOVE YOU. Kbye.
25k at dinner break. Lost a stupid hand for a lot of chips
Thanks for helping us reach 700 Followers! Great end to the week.
Kind of excited to run 3 miles tonight....this training has me motivated! Thanks
Don't look for happiness. Create it!
So sleepy but I have earrings to make...gotta get this money
Does anyone know of an open source survey tool that is relatively mature? We're trying to find one to use in a tech-delivered curriculum.
If a kid is late to his Special Education class, would it be appropriate to say he's tardy?
no jenna plz dont cut I need u *hugs u tight*
If you're in San Antonio, go check out and at CLUB ANTRO. :)
text me, 7863388603 :)
I feel like im tweeting one of the boys cos you havent replied but your.sleeping so thats why.
i dont have a credit card
you definitely won't be getting any numbers during this shift!
Sorry I'm just a whiney shit.
I'va had that happen a lot.
!!! RT : Too much homework can cause stress, depression, and even lower grades.
TWAT!? Dude you forgot me!!!
You're all I cared about.
I just feel like nobody likes me anymore bc i have a bf.:( I'm glad i hav u!
hey my sexy I been missin u 
Acronym for FEAR is "false evidence appearing real". Look to Him to dispel your fears, & you'll see things exactly as they are.
I could care less if I deserve it.
Why'd I have to go and do you like that. Thought I'd moved on, then you brought me right back....then I lost you.
darn it- missed it....how was it?
your so welcome!
What's up tonight, OKC?
My Tile (my contact or ME tile) Tells me when FB notifications are pending.
Havent talked to the beautiful in a while :| no bueno.
In general, I don't like bands with numbers in their name.
yeah...that would go over really well.
great show! My fav pick of #35Denton !
White Orange and Ninja wowed the audience at The Agenda last night! If you ever get a chance to see either of them, GO!
Life is nothing but full of BULLSHIT!!!!!!!!!
hahaha I was gonna say something along those lines in my last tweet
gunna get judged like all you piece of shits do.
Dear Guys, Be careful what you say. Always remember: A girl never forgets.
Tip #113: The drinkers will almost always be more aggressive/calling stations.
No, price to high RT : Should #Broncos consider moving up to #Jaguars 7th pick for CB Stephon Gilmore?
I'm wondering who's number this is. &&&& getting ready
always go for the nap.
#IfITellYou to support #RonPaul's message today and you don't, do I get to shake my head a decade from now when you realize your mistake?
Tassels, pasties, sock garters, pigtails... IDGAF! “: If I was hoping to upset Floyd Mayweather, I'd wear pink socks too.”
My timeline is full of instagram pics ... Hope all yall following me
love it.lol
The only thing sadder than Michael Jackson's death is MTV's coverage. Make that non-coverage. Make that complete ignorance of the story.
Your so nice, your going to be a great mom.
. thinks you should nix the MJ and play Whitney Houston instead. And Willie Nelson.
um asking lol
Haha. Only if I can teach you how to dougie at the same time. RT teach me how to tweet :(
Contemplating getting a new laptop tomorrow cuz this shit ain't finna get it
The rain season is a little early here...
You dye your hair yet?
; It was in my DMs .
Which is to say that B&&C is pretty much whatever you want. Next one at Substantial is 1/18, you should come.
Thanks for following me! Tune in to The Savvy Money Show @ iTunes & Blogtalkradio.com. Affordable ad rates & show sponsorship!
Wrung out.
oh man have we been there! Love that ferry ride and it's a perfect day for it.
A really busy person never knows how much he weighs.
Glad you like it! #meowiora >.<
That feeling of laying down in your bed at night (:
When a real man fights, the real man walks away, the other man is air lifted to the ER
My Money On Mayweather
RT : Get a Kindle Fire on Black Friday? Pre-order this companion now! My Amazon Kindle Fire by Jim Cheshire...
No fucking trust
J Cole be that nigga .
#SuperBowl Not even Cee Lo can save this halftime.
Calling me fake,stupid,weak,ugly or poor won't make you real, Smart,Strong,Beautiful or rich
oh okay! Alrighty.
Beautiful day for Keeneland
I know that You will never forsake me in my weakness.
Genius idea! RT : I need a video editing tool that automatically removes the uhhhs and ummms - geez!
Considering we (humans) evolved in Africa, I propose that Africa's new slogan be "Africa: Get Erect!"
Sleeping tonight is prob out of the question.
tickets for 3/12 vs Philly. I have $91 seats for $25 each. Let me know how many you need!
those dresses are HOT!
Another awesome staff meeting!
I love Miles Austin.
Bahaha ! I love it. I do the same thing with a pile of roast beef.
I think that the residue left over from McLouth in 2009 is gone from the fan base. Blow that candle out
are you guys having problems streaming? Can't get anything to play :( just keeps bringing me back to my homepage
I try to be positive, but the pistons suck...
#AmWriting on the back deck, listening to the birds sing. Wonderful!
This descent has "narrow roads"
Zac Efron is without a doubt a babe. JUST SAYING.
Therapy was invented in the sixties, do you know what invented means? It means it doesn't exist.
What is up with all these scumbags who follow with no tweets and a link that takes you to #justhookup. Get rid of them
Thanks so much for the follow - we love your bikes -- and your STYLE!
yess! Pretty excited :-)
I like your picture...very artsy : )
I'm sorry baby :(
I want to know if sex can cure a headache.
My sisters came out so pretty, why didn't I ?! >:o
I'm weird. I'm gifted. I hate bitches. I'm actually nice. I am God-fearin
your still pretty!!.MEMBER THAT!!!
Excited to be joining Obama campaign's digital advertising team in Chicago! Guess that means time for new Twitter handle
Spring clean garage and driveway before cleaning carpets to avoid tracking of oil and tire tracks into home. vegaspressurewashing.com
So apparently I have a really weak Rotator Cuff....and if I dont get it fixed soon my shoulder is going to blow out.....GREAT.
the are horrible!!!!! and without Rodgers will only make it more difficult for them
King's Court goes wild with Ks! #Mariners /via go Mariners.
No Selenski expert, but Alward's methods seem stranger. RT : None of his were near as impressive as Hugo Selenskis' one.
Mary J. Blige, looks to good for her age.
Researching RV parks. Gotta admit: This is a new one for me. :) #Frommer's
Happy mothers day to <3 hope you have a good day!(:
That's an ironic tweet coming from someone with a Twitter avatar picture like yours. (YOU look constipated, actually, not "sexy")
I can't wait for #ToroSushi tonight. It's been way too long!
Sounds Like Flynn working deal out with Miami.
if its on twitter it aint no secret in my eyes
Organometallic Chemistry News: Metal-Catalyzed Nitrogen-Atom ...
where are you located?
I'm so goddamn tired.
oh the joys of being sick.. :P
if it smells amazing, why you put that face  
ugh , why now -__-
How come when you make #porn films you're automatically a "star"? Just a thought. LOL.
Niggas can't do what i do how i do it.
Arancini Con Ragu--Fried Risotto Cake Stuffed w Braised Veal, Italian Cheeses, Baguettes, Poached Eggs, Arugula and Porcini Mushroom Sauce.
I can't wait to get my passport. I'm spending my weekends in Canada and brushing up on my french.
From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living
Andy Russell in #app challenge - adults can drive, kids can't - gps journal, photo sharing, kid navigation
