Gonna bust a sick ass mission today!
dont worry about anything
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ONE OF OUR OWNERS MADISON!:) I LOVE YOU MADS, I'LL SEE YOU IN LIKE 4 HOURS THOUGH LOL HAPPY B DAY LOVE YA!❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤-Kelly
it's not very deep. Just people looking for someone to vent at/about. Really. Enjoy your night & weekend. I'm out. :)
John Q has always been one of my favorite movies
That was incredibly appropriate. Thank you. I looked like an ass.
Every time Jon Miller says D-Backs, I think he said "d bags"
I was just asked if I was in the military, perhaps my haircut is too short.
I'm still looking for donations and sponsors for the 10,000 mi ride. If you haven't yet go to roadtosturgis.net and donate. Thank you
you could help me do my school woork :D
Lost in fog and love and faithless fear. I've had kisses that make Judas seem sincere.
grey goose got her loose
What channel is dear john on?
. I believed her as a 16 y.o. forced to grow up fast--and not emaciated because she resourcefully feeds herself on game.
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: It's too far. What's your excuse?
good brother. I miss u homie how u?
Way to bored right now....I need someone fun to hangout with tonight
My smile is so big right now
You talked, we listened. Beginning Thursday, we will send a confirmation email to members who reserve the free tickets online.
Day 1 of Shakeology for breakfast! Filling though now I'm eating an apple b/c I'm hungry. The rest of the day should be interesting indeed!
aww, that's what grandparents do! hand those little darlings a wad of cash just because they love 'em
I'll take the "you look a lot alike" as a compliment. How's everything going at KJR these days?
A quick tip: answer as quick as you can with a date range. Promise to refine the date range later. It's enough 90% of the time.
Haha! But seriously, try to keep ur nose and your "knows" as far away from that n folks who use it. Real talk!
Every little bit, though. Btw, got the job
FOLLOW ME AND I'LL FOLLOW YOU BACK ALONG WITH A SHOUTOUT!
As a dozen+/week eggavore, I love the Incredible Egg article Apr issue. Jean-Georges perfect scramble recipe is brunch-altering
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked : " do you have a bathroom? " no bitch I shit outside -.-
Going shopping with my daughter!
'you're beautiful you're beautiful you're beautiful it's true' 😁🎶🎵
San Diego’s hot today! Cool off with an ice cold beer or chilled margarita. Then top off with $2.75 fish tacos. Happy Hour starts @ 3:30
nice 2 pac share today... What will they think of next ;)
r u saying carries good. B/c shes great!
You should wonder at the things nobody else is wondering about. If everybody’s wondering about apples, go wonder about oranges.
i hate how your trying so hard for your parents not to be mad at you, but they still do :/
Free twitter promotion on the url on my page. Works great for all networks. Try it. BTW, follow 4 follow? :)
"Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened."
thanks for your shout out for Austin!!
Got a new computer here in Redmond. I miss old tweet deck :P
RANGERS RANGERS❤⚾💚⚾💙
I aint no bitch but this bump hurt lmao
Come to think of it, this is the first New Years Eve/New Years day i've spent away from family.
I'll take Deep Thoughts for $200, Alex!
They don’t want to deal with the emotional stress, the technical nature, and the risk of dealing with the federal government, etc
1/21 will be screening before #RedState by at the Texas Brand Film Fest at the Howard theatre in Taylor TX
Hey thats pretty cool
Drunk #Cubs fans tryin to give me the business for cheerin for Veras for gettin outta that jam.
When the neighbors are away, the Porter Ricks we'll play.
we will miss u here in Charm City!
Gavin DeGraw faces a &quot;Dancing With the Stars&quot; balancing act - CBS News
I got to go on a jog with my best friend today too. I love my hubby! :)
Excited for tonight!!
Need a chuckle today? Good! Because we got one coming for you! Featuring our favorite Deli, !
Anyone have a good crock pot recipe involving chicken and Lipton onion soup mix?
Mt Vernon sq neighborhood association meeting tonight at Yale lofts 7:30 pm! All welcome, police briefing, developer showcase and more!
Just woke up!
Whitney had a angelic voice for the world to hear her sing. R.I.P. Whitney.
At #DirectionsNV2011. learning lessons on Technology Econ Dev from NV innovative neighbor to the East.
welcome to my hometown!
I fell off a scooter ! Going down a MEAN ASS HILL :'(! I'm so scared ima scar!
Fa real! That's a mess! : RT : Man,Fridays poisoned ya girl.<=That shit sent me to the hospital.
it'll go well with your skin ! (:
Watching Cowboys & Aliens and falling in love with the cinema
feel free to join us if you aren't too far away. heading in for dinner shortly, but will probably camp out by the fire later.
Poor Bologo 14 years and the guy who killed Micheal Jackson only got 4
great idea! Thanks for the suggestion!
Need more time in a day? Call us for the best shredding prices in town.
hahahahaa omg good times
Going to lunch!
Moments like this are
Are we really supposed to believe cares about what the fans want to see?
there is no topping that! ;)
By far the toughest weekend of Freshman year! Then it'll be over, and it'll be summer time!!
Live with how court is preparing for Jennifer Hudson. Trial starts today for the man accused of murdering the singer's family
Long day..
Going back to planet holly wood again to shoot the chorus of dance with me & video my other song "puppy love" :)
Really enjoying the MnPALS user group meeting today. Excellent feed back. My mind is brimming with new concepts to take home!
The illustrious Final Table is set | 13th for UK Pro Ben Vinson | The $25k High Roller continues today too |
It might be that you're looking for a "Dana"... Diana is at , but she's not as prolific a tweeter as me. -Michael
thanks! I've been looking @ it, too. Every bit will help me at this stage,I think.
what u mean!!
League of their own is on...it's gonna be a great day.
It's a sad world we live in where LMFAO has made a Super Bowl and Ed Reed hasn't...
It's a special on for tonight and tomorrow only!
We love to see old friends re-unite over Big Glasses + Small Bites at WSWB! Whatever the occasion may be, let us host your next gathering!
Pepsi and improper use of the dollar sign. Sorry, no can do. No can do.
I got the biggest headache at work man smh
I just need to pray that it'll be okay..I know the enemy set me up tonight, and I fell for it..I'm such a fool sometimes.
Another fresh pot of coffee! :)
DAMN makes me miss my cat I had when I was a kid. same color, named Beetlejuice ....RIP BABY <3 RIP
im living one hell of a life ...
& have the ideal relationship. Through thick and thin, they've stayed together.
I know he's here now lol
#np Hotel California
Don't refuse me a job, then ask me to refer employees to your business.
Signout occurs after 20 minutes of inactivity for security. It cannot be disabled.
Anyone have questions for the show toight?
I'm also sick, I have been sick for a week and a couple of days now.
That moment when you slipin and speedin around the house just to answer the phone
Me quiero morir :'C my life is a shit!
Really happy for Cortez Kennedy's NFL Hall of Fame induction! Played hard for bad Seahawks teams!
Thanks for the follow. I look forward to learning more about you.
Finally someone at the IRS did not hang up on me, I think my dad was making the previous people mad. Urrr, stupid stupid stupid
Frogs at church. Crazy!
..... I'm not answering that question.
Got the perfect graduation gift for #Oomf , he's gonna love me lol.
Nobody cares about your shitty analysis. When you are in #Chicago, show the God damn introductions.
hahah we need to hangout !
lol. is that why i'm popping up in your personal life...and dreams?!?
At BLU, luxury is our standard. Our finishes are included in your purchase price, no upgrades are needed for a beautiful home!
follow back
Six months until my twenty-first birthday #scarythought let the countdown begin ❤🎉🎁🎈
I miss those days alot to I miss everything. I still love you too<3 - Derrick
true the song is fine just not a good Friday song.
Home sweet home. Had such an amazing weekend. Shout out to for hosting me and showing me a good time in the LBC. LOVE YOU!
We are beginning the public comment portion of the SPB committee mtg on the proposed budget for next school year.
watched #veep last night, teaches ya why you don't hire just anyone for your social media
Why is it that whenever I login (about 3 times/yr) to my ancient account -- all I see in my inbox is spam/phishing
late reply sowwie
Like Says " Your Beautiful" in everyway <3
"Just bc fate doesn't give u the right cards doesn't mean u should give up. You just have to play the cards u get to their max potential."
lakers hot smashed
Life without a friend is death without a witness. - Eugene Benge
“ "Most people don't need an evangelist as much as they need a friend." - ”
Hope you got free Negra Modelo glasses!
this is amazing! Now if they could make my writing PJ's into ready-to-wear gear
the pearliest moon
cool hey I started a new hash 4 GOPers #BirtherBlather ! when a troll hits stick em in it is my idea
Oh shitt here wee go!
Grab a 3HB beer at Sticky Lips tonight and watch our boys The Moho Collective and RootsCollider tear it up. RAWK!!
Seeing things as I want them to be causes positive results that are a blessing to all.
That was basically copying my fucking idea!
In a fit of boredom, I just surveyed my followers. You're a fine bunch of people. Except that guy over there NO DON'T LOOK!
Orlando seems sharmy
have a blessed weekend
gotta love !
If at first you don't succeed, you are running about average. -M.H. Alderson.
Lips so French.
mentions microgrid as examples of public/private blends of local innovation
Why the hell do some people eat so loud? It's disgusting and annoying. You're eating pizza not trying to swallow a brick.
Memphis is all fair weather fans you can say that easily considering there was no one at the games before last year
She's missing some blisters and scabs. Did anyone lock her up for a few days?
The Flyers are imploding.
Hey guys. Everybody buy #boyfriend now!
Thank you , & for all the mentions! You all rock!
I love you!!!
Goodbye. Folks, today was a little tiring day ... I am a little sick over all right. Until tomorrow, I hope tomorrow is better
#Whenimalone i think about stuff... stuff from the past.. stuff i should of done..
I think Jenna Bush was the one who got busted, but Chuy's is indeed the place.
Williams quotes Dilbert: Change is great! You go first!. Former TN Governor Phil Bredesen refers to book title: Change or Die
Thanks for the shout out. Happy to follow your tweets!
Did you know we offer Deep Heat Therapy Relief? It’s just one of the Choices you can add to your weekly massage therapy session.
Twins are a perfect 0 and 3 to start the season. They are now eliminated from play-off contention.
Congrats on the win - now THAT deserves a #Treat!
Want to know what I'm giving up for Lent??? Believing in magic.
Somebody told me today that need #autotune. HELL. FUCKING. NO.
haha we just don't wanna grow up
I miss you too! I hope I have the opportunity to come back and see the wonderful job you will do with the club next year :)
#AAM2011 Online fever session: most GWU certificate students are pros and implement what they are learning at their site.
My uncle works at a radio station >:P
you got your ticket?
but really, someone called me from the student services main line at 3 AM...
Glad you posted that Joe. What's your opinion of Vilma's suit? I knew I meant to ask you something. LOL
2BP is getting ready to go back into the studio to record their 2nd CD. We're pumped and looking forward to bringing something really cool!
Ambition is a dream with a V8 engine. - Elvis Presley
I've had a lot of luck with query letters. Like most, I started pitching the script way before it was ready=OUCH
my 5 year old niece is making fun of me. what in the world?
With , and at #limcollege panel. Starting in 5 minutes!
for 2012 im going all out:)
What started as a difficult run with tired legs turned into a negative split masterpiece. Feeling bad is no reason not to start
#ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo go on Twitter and start dumb trends like this..
it does sound pretty good
I loved it it was long as hell though
Garza was a plus, Spencer played well and ... JWebb is awful at most important line spot. Carimi is ? Williams? Too many ??
Listenin to #MyFault, New mixtape from my boy Joints FIRE - No lighter
Anybody jamming with us at the Time Out tonight? Vacay left me rusty. Have a feeling I'll be making up some forgotten lyrics.
The goal of is not to loose weight. The goal is to make permanent changes in your diet & lifestyle. Happy is healthy!
So i shouldnt stop by?.... :( RT I haven't seen anyone besides Tauri, Allana, and Whitney this break! WORKS FOR ME!
. -no! And it's freaking me out!!
- Low blow.
Would you want to be informed of Fall guest chef opportunities at Feast of Words? You could talk about your book!
I laughed a lot played a lot didnt learn much had awkward but funny conversations today was just great
Just heard a girl, who knows little about the Braves roster, ask why Scott Proctor is on the team. Exactly.
Killingsworth post office is sold out of the new 45 cent stamps. Who the hell is on it... Abe Vigoda?
be up there n 20 mins n ya I do too but u gotta have long money lbvs
Hahahaha. I checked that out! Baby bottle goes to the hood? nice. ;D It's funny though. g'job.
Casually writing lyrics on the back of a graduation card....
Courtney: "When the knee touches the ground, the receiver's down." Wenndy: "What if the back of his knee goes down?"
Also shows the immense power of social media! That's all I read about for the past week.
Suggestions for a new RSS reader? losing sharing is annoying but their frame-crazy redesign is infuriating
Getting up for an 8 am class in college and not getting the memo that is canceled...just proves the fact that I need more sleep...
+ get a mention in our latest blog post - Making Strides: #Women in #Tech and the / Alliance
lol u neva know, I may have a relapse and come spit some shit one day
Dear , what are you doing to protect the lives of the Palestinian hunger strikers? #palhunger Do even CARE??
sorry to say it will not. only one person online per console.
Day one of opening up. Sit on a roof, check! Accomplice to breaking and entering, check! xD
Well the Packer players are all smiles after their loss - giving hugs all around. So, why should I give a shit? Must be just a job for them.
Shane Lynch once contemplated #scientology for tax reasons, but it was financially for him to marry the bint from eternal.
When will people realize that being able roll your suitcase down the aisle of an airplane without getting stuck on every seat is impossible?
Develop creative ideas by choosing a variety of senses. If right brain,try left. Visuals-try smell or sound. Change ignites originality.
Maybe I'm weird, but writing syllabi was 1 of my favorite parts of teaching. Except for the "how to behave in class" parts.
Plz give Ms.Cooper $75k & give book profits to anti-racist pro domestic worker group led by domestic workers.
As would say, your personal brand should be different but relevant. Thanks for link.
I liked the cover! Those barred chords are difficult so congrats. :)
Off to church!
Me dos. :c
In so smart, it's stupid
I always knew looking back on my tears would bring me laughter, but I never knew looking back on my laughter would make me cry.
Just one period, guys. Everyone can take their hands off the trigger -- we'll play better. Not time to trade the whole team.
NOW broadcasting @ www.getrichradio.com uest host Brian Moran! Listen now and win the $1000 CASH prize!
": I still haven't got the new dolph.. #Losing" I gt it
#FF and I thought I was the only one!
is too fine for words lol
I’m going to start calling you…
WHY NO?
Why would you make a sequel to a terrible movie like GI Joe? It's like having the shits two days in a row. Nobody wants that.
as soon as twitter lets me add people again i will add you....I think i can in a few hours....added too many last night :)
SCORE! That's some badass looking gear!
We want to thank everyone for coming out last night and supporting Totally Cool Totally Art's youth art exhibition opening!
Love waits for one thing, the right moment. Anna
#CTIAEnA Day two on wireless mobile business. Fewer people than internet connections.
no problem<33 and /:
The American Songbook Project's #NameThatTune" online auction is now open! Great items: 9 day vacation in... fb.me/Tp2tIhHa
#PicturePerfect killing it right now! Whoever produced this is beast
SI picked Reds to win division...Cards 2nd...Brewers 3rd. Just cancelled my subscription.
This bill is just what we need to be more Greek. Why not instead execute and loot those who borrowed responsibly?
Of all the times I've given people gum, they owe me like at least 200 pieces back
New contacts, orgasm for my eyes.
Yesterday, during the main conference at UMass Boston, the learning was palpable with tweets like this one abounding:
im buying myself some to smh
Internationally Acclaimed Marketing Expert Offers Updated Tips For Utilizing ... - Albany Times Union
yes :D
no one lays it down more than
Good for you, I so don't want to think about taxes right now >_<
At work! Finally got my iPhone hahaha
We are on the same page!
Lowballers: Beer money does not make a career.
You're welcome (:
RT : Spending up a storm at Women in Production in Miami Beach. Too many great made in #Haiti products to resist.
Shaun Cassidy turns 53 today. He's the younger brother of David Cassidy. His mom is Shirley Jones.
Friendship was given by nature to be an assistant to virtue, not a companion to vice. -Cicero
just gotta make sure mom doesn't need the car
Guess I won't be able to take part in the cell phone Irene dream team, but I look forward to your tweets!
"I'm just really stressed, I have a lot of homework." "Well, it builds character." Shut the fuck up shut the fuck up shut the fuck up
Uh, fabulous? We CR ladies always look amazing. No effort required!
please follow me back pleasee pleasee
I'd say someone from Bastop might be most deserving!
It still always makes me a bit nervous watching. The video was great though.
OMG the "you inspire me" motherlode. LOVE YOU LADIES!
#ff - these dudes are amazeballz. You must follow them!
double sided 1D posters should be illegal !!! >:(
Hitting the road early again today...quick stop at the Grand Canyon followed by Pit Stop #2 in Vegas!!!
Kenny Rushing coming to Baltimore July 16th??????
i know exactly how you feel!!!!!
I see lots of Heat fans online right now, and only a handful who can name even one player off of the teams from the 90s.
I was wondering abt that today. Glad you are moving ahead. RT Just ordered the big part for my boat.
Does there actually exist a good burrito in the UK?! : Counting the minutes until noon so I can go to Picante for a burrito.
don't do it unless you want an exercise in patience.
Nah. Just chilled today. U
RT “: Me, too. RT sort of shocked to hear that stella sola closed. was hoping they would turn it around.
Rush thinks basically every journalist was in the tank for Obama.
i'm now your stalker! muahahahaha
Big day for you fans, come watch the game with us and have some tacos
just risked life and limb navigating our buliding roof to get a better view of the moon
IS JUSTIN BIEBER ONLINE???!:)
Never, never, never give up!
I awoke to a call from one of my real life idols with an 'I love you'-
are you accepting press passes at the door?
#RockChalk makes no sense. It remotely rhymes with JayHawk but only desperately. What does limestone have to do with bball?
Hello there ;)
why the fuck are yu following me on twitter yet u dont EVER reply when i text fuck outta here
#mudmelt at the gallery now. Students & other folks milling about. Energy in the air!
text me && lemme know where you're going!! (:
letterman just made a bonanza reference - and i got. we're both too old .
Life is unfair...but I got a lil something to sweeten the deal and her name is
I was at the 11 am
“: Lamborghini Mercy...to chick she do thirsty” #spellcheck 😉
#Belly demands a #CincoDeMayo pre-game at ! Tonight. Beer, margarita, and Patron deals plus BELLY check in double-points!
Why do MLS teams continue to play with European teams? THEY ALWAYS LOSE! Chicago Fire - Manchest United
The #Pens were looking for Malkin 2b @ top of the scoresheet, but not in penalty minutes & giveaways. He led all skaters in both categories.
So, I have a daily checklist at work, & 1 of my coworkers added: #8. Write 1000 words. Are the people I work with awesome or what?
Flight to NY booked for early April. Who knew I'd be this excited?!
wait it's october?!?
what is it??
Thanks for the follow, I think we're neighbors! Our MN office is 1 block east of MOA :)
Have a good weekend!!
I remember we'd all pile into the car - I forget what kind it was - and drive and drive
I want to know who let #woman have their own Damn day!!! #repeal this. J/K
Common Dirk! Keep killing us with that move!
What we tell ourselves is who we are! "I Can't" you wont, "I Can" you will! Who do you want to be?
Congrats! As much as I loved 1988 for the and the it's time to bring another World Series to L.A.!
you never told us where we can score one of those sweet bowling shirts...
ah I have these too!
Idk, Maybe I need to be more patient with people
Got my middle finger up, so you bitches know whats up.
Hope everyone enjoyed their Christmas day!!
God the Chargers blow this year. Grrrrrr!
i wouldn't do that to meet her! I was #6 in teenhoot line. Haha & same here. I love new york!
Buffett plays down health concern, mulled megadeal
that moment when you can feel you & your boyfriend/girlfriend slowly fading apart >>>>>
Okay no Yuni. But someone else is needed.
"You are the music while the music lasts." T.S. Eliot
I like David Justice. He didn't break my heart at all. Stop being salty over not getting laid when you come to Cleveland
Obama's comment on Gates, endless comentary on M.Jackson's death, our priorities seem all F'---d up. Us or the news?
Small world indeed. Thanks for the follow, man. I'll have to check out your stuff in a little bit!
Oh, I'm liking the thirties so far. Just should have gone to bed sooner!
thank you so much for following! If you have time, please check out our music!
We will announce auditions for Colab soon! Who's ready to audition?
Truth. RT You can tell a lot about a person by the noises their phone makes.
anybody wanna chat I'm so fucken bored
Celtics not executing their offense the last minute or so, holding the ball too long, sets not developing in time, etc
Of course, it is easy to borrow money, but just like you and me and everybody else, when you borrow money, you have to pay it back. [1945]
I appreciate all my Tweeps, sending lots of hugs and love your way on this lovely Wednesday!
Heading out to New Orleans in the AM & I heard weather is bad -I don't like flying in bad weather - pray for me!
I just looked back in the files & somehow forgot to send me your info for my master list. So sorry! I will mail it today!
Oh so this is where you run off to after 494! ha yum!!
keep me posted!
Thanks Shawn! I will be writing a blog post about Scrapebox soon.
I hate most of the ppl this season! Kim needs to fall in the fire
seriously, why not the obvious choice? appears to be available, unless there's a chiseling squatter on it.
your welcome :) <3
Rubbing dry skin dry after bathing/showering. Not a good thing. Leaving skin slightly moist, apply moisturizer.
Have you forgotten about me? Have you cum to the states yet?
bosh should know, no coitus 9 months before playoffs. or at least unprotected coitus.
Just took the very extensive survey. There wasn't a single question about improving the Dodger Express shuttle.
Their new album #PictureShow is AMAZING! More tix Aug 4 coming up!
Hey when does the album drop dudes??? Got people asking me about it already!
Some very exciting news from our Primary School Partnership today!!
Biz Stone Co founder of Twitter please follow us!!!!! Come run our race....the Marathon/Half Marathon /5K
Thanks for the #FF! Luna wants to meet Sooki :-)
Good Morning! Doing last minute preparations for tonight's event! It's going to be so exciting! With special corn and Black Jack Hamburgers!
Holla! RT Making it happen with the captain! Holla! @ Captain Morgan Club
Gravity only limits a star for so long.
How are you twenty-something years old, a college graduate, and still can't spell? Wtf was your major?!
well the good thing was that you had fun :)
The ballot is stronger than the bullet.
A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool. William Shakespeare
Geek Trivia tonight at 8pm. Bring your knowledge of senseless things and your teammates.
Whoever discovered coffee is my patron saint!
Brand new, all-girls (ages 10-15) Equestrian Experience Workshop August 21-27, Overnight. Still time to sign up at www.rawhideranch.com
Sharp knives are sharp.
Please follow me!
Spending Halloween watching some classic horror movies with my bestfriend:)
Fowler's foul ball goes into the dugout and sends Rockies scattering. Tough to tell if anyone got hit.
I am set free.. It is for freedom that I am set free
8 hours of sleep in total this weekend. I'm going to Incredible Daves.
I'd reduce the term of copyright--70yrs or life of author, but not both.
OS upgrade: upgrade test in RAID 1. Move 1 upgraded disk to live. Rebuild RAID. Concerns; certs, mail, perl, nawk ...
ok I will How yo day goin
Happy easter to .bring yo leftover candy to studio for #Venice crew
Spanish next -__-
My brain is still laying on a pillow back at home, surprised I made it to work at all X(
is gearing up for the first weekend of prom season! Availability for several prom nights in the next six weeks, but they will go fast!
Better Web Builder - htp://mybwbsite.com/2915272/op . It's FREE!
Thanks for the #FF!
I. always. eat. cereal. at. night... 0_o
You always get this awful feeling in your stomach when you know you and a close friend are drifting from one another.
lol it's np! I see why you wanted it so bad too it was fire!
L O L at those lies.
In honor of Bike to Work Week, and I will drive separate cars the three blocks to the office.
don't use that word!
Dang, you have a stapler too!
as black as him yeah lol
she keeps on looking, from left to right
how come I can't??
Why do I never find interesting little tidbits like this? Thanks again!
join our facebook group- JPA 5K Run/Walk- Move to Stop the Cycle of Child Abuse: www.facebook.com/#!/group.php?gid=135031426513296&v=wall
Team from #TSW2012 continuing forward, possible launch at end of school year in #Triangle. - make someone happy.
deep, deep exhale
Don't sit on your laptop! u'll break it...been there, done that! Although, if it's plugged in, it'll feel nice & warm on ur toosh
I am listening to a #classic Rome take. Brawls at Chuck E Cheese!
i cant believe im doing this.....
RT : I need a double shot of sumthin
Practice in a few hours. Time to tighten up the set and write some more new tunes for you amazing fans of ours!!!
we do. I'm not catching your point though?
Well they are very similar...
charity, family,travel,have huge party w private concert w
Chillin on the porch having some beers and playing my guitar. Wish and Halestorm would magically show up and rock it with me lol
thanks baby!! :)
Duke choked in the last ten minutes against UNC tonight :(
Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.
When lock myself out of the house lol
Things change and jealousy becomes a factor bestfriend at your girl house tryna mac her <<<2pac
When you have a scratchy, irritated throat, soothe it by gargling with salt water.
First tweet! Finally ready to songwrite professionally!
The team thinks that the #TiltedKilt is one of the finest restaurants this country has to offer.
my $150+ order just arrived. No sarong in sight, although I did appreciate the gold tissue paper.
Oi Fergie, shut the hell up about another team buying anything.
pick PRINCETON :) BUT LET PRODIGY DOWN EASILY
at the venue right now, beautiful day outside
glad he's ok and hope he had insurance
but the phrase just rolls off the tongue doesn't it :o)
Happy birthday!
Seems like the Heat would be better served to put Bosh at C?
« oh, sounds fun. And im just laying down being lazy ;p» yeah it is haha (: sweet!. Must be nice.
Aloha.... from Miami, our cruise leaves at 4 ;)
Nice! I suppose you hand out sharpies so anyone can add to the design?
I'm following you now ... also just DMed u email addy
Forgot it was Sibs Weekend.
RIP Donna Summers. Another songbird flying with angels in heaven. Put them to shame with that voice. Keep Whitney company.
& I'm still the shit! Old ass pampers!
Idiot kid wants to have an ice war I say no cause then we are going to get wet Idiot kid - "it's different its ice not water genius."
#powershift #frontlines "there is no culture without agriculture!" From the color caucus
I just left No Idea to go to the game. Dang. I will try to introduce myself at the game. I'm wearing the gray backpack. OF bar?
I regret not doin all the shit I heard I did
so, how are you?
Someone lost their COKE! RT White powder found in 3 packages at ESPN's mail facility; no reports of injuries or evacuations -
I could really go for an ice cream sandwich today.
Just ordered me a brownie sundae at work
Instant mood lifter
no for real they did I was like lol k leaves room all fast
I hate Sundays.
Now the gov has decided to cut back on it, as well as take back the property they own in the hood to rebuild on it & relocate us.
Tornadoes make me nervous!Why does Texas' weather have to be so bipolar!?I love it though!
I got a iced out bart where my heart used to be, I scratch off on a bitch its nothin to me..
My ex boyfriend be Trippin on dat other shit.
Im in a good ass mood :)
The Mini is in the hospital.
CJ and I loved attending an etiquette & personal branding class Bacchus restaurant yesterday. Very, very useful!
rent or buy?
"For every minute you are angry, you lose sixty seconds of happiness." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Michael Cole really needs to shut up !!
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before.
#SHOUTOUT to follow for a follow! Follow too!
The most frightening thing is helplessness... >:)
"The Art of Receiving the Football and Picking Up the Blitz" by Larry Johnson.
Starting it up.... ROCK CHALK...
RT : RT We have room for more Qs today - please without the hashtag (or DM), and we'll add them to the list!
Someone make me breakfast >,<
Being 17.75 is the worst thing ever
kobe and gasoline are goin to join you on vaca in a few days
Who's that ugly creep in the background?
I'm Anti-Making-Hoes-Housewives.
If it's raining in #SanDiego.. rest assured the newsroom will be crazy!!Good thing and I make a killer team.
I was told I look overly pale. Poor girl doesn't know it's just part of my ethnicity...
Thanks! Its a good feeling.
#weirdfactsaboutme ; i like to eat hershey bars with dr pepper . the Hershey bar needs to be like warm so it can melt ^.^
ayyyyyuyye I still live u
Enjoying the virtual archaeology session (BLRM C). Janet Young on 3D scanning, virtual collections and repatriation - fascinating.
Ok before i get off, i just have to say, your tweets are very inspiring and i LOVE them! i was just reading them and...wow!
Award Winning Home Stager Launches Staging Services for Home Buyers Tori Toth, Owner/Lead Designer of Stylish Stagers, Inc. located in th
Simon was not happy. RT Strangely comforted by the other dog owners in #rva whose pups are also freaking out with storm tonight
Thanks! This whole project is really about magazines more than anything else. Without them as sources, we could never have done it.
Thank you sir
taking only one class next fall since that's all i need. :)
Military officials said the Taliban are now covering bombs with urine, faeces or blood, leading to an increased likelihood of amputation.
Well of course iPods are idiots, consider who they were made for, people who wouldn't come up with something original like chwsdy
THIS IS A GREAT NEW TOPIC THAT OBAMA INTRODUCED ON MARCH 30th OF THIS YEAR! GET INVOLVED!
Early flight to NYC audition audition audition..... Had fun with talented ppl in ATL
hey man, just wanted to thank u for signing my football a few years ago @ camp. It was the only one I got cuz we got dumped on
One of the best things that happened to me this year is the books I read. Many opened my eyes and gave me a paradymn shift.
consider recording audio? I thought of opening remarks as (like diss intro, but even fresher) snapshot of what u think 1/2
(not an excerpt)...are you hooked yet? Come back later! We'll continue the tweet fest every night this week.
I'm hungry af.
Chillin wit my cousins.. Happy birthday to my homie Ram. Gonna be a chill night.
very interesting
Kings of Colorado has been selected as one of 14 titles for the Spring 2011 Barnes & Noble Discover Program! What an honor - Thank You B&N!
I love the city of detroit!
We are clearly double tweeting... and tweeing too late at night b/c "mailing list" was meant to be "waiting list"
What the heck is happening to the Cardinals!? I can't take this.
I am on tonight @ Try Outs private club!!! we have several b-day parties going on.
oh, matthew. The drama.
hashtag for leadership summit is #sla2010?
good where are u from the uk or america?
Dang... just heard about your Aunt Mary... She and Mr. Wade (John) will surely be in my prayers...
Humber<Billy Chapel
Enjoyed a great weekend planned by Thanks! :)
My line been dead the pass couple of days
Way to bounce back #Ravens - helluva of a game from !
Denver Family Institute offers low fee #counseling in #Denver!
#TwSIG Twitter "is not an island"... integrate with other communications devices and media. Think Twice before clicking!!
LOL - thanks for the RT! I'm excited to see what my students find when they start analysis :) - How's Boston?
Will definitely blog and RT good suggestions. Have read Irvin; haven't read Cotlar yet.
I l o v e . I just spent 47 minutes going through his tweets..<3 thanks for furthering my procrastination of cleaning my room .
WANNA SEE A KRUNK ASS SHOW LIKE NO OTHER THIS TELLS IT LIKE IT IS IF U DON'T LIKE IT SUX MY .....!!!
"Could everyone in Public Education just quit using Internet Explorer" - Tech Entrepreneur from - #nsvfsummit PLEASE! so true.
RT : CEDA monthly meeting followed by hour long intro to git. Should we teach svn or git? [what/whose problem is being solved?]
hahaha it's a good twist when your playing live but the end went off beat :o plus the virtual pump it up is ehhh lol that you?
Tampa bound Feb 21st...
Wordpress keeps rolling back and/or not implementing changes I see in admin panel. This really has me stumped!
Great start to the day. Got some personal shit I gotta work on to become a better me. I'll get there
go look it up. They are if its not sold out
Goo bears
Hey, Code-a-thon: at the Austin Moose Lodge, come conceptualize how technology can make our lives better
Jeff: Complacency breeds contempt; keep busy!
Oh yeah, also prepped for underwater archaeo training for sunday w/ and #scubanauts... Busy busy day
Congratulations! Maybe not us, but a great achievement never the less! :)
Moto is incredible. I've been trying to figure out a way to get back. Take pictures!
Congrats to for LA #plasticbagban !
I just wanna say that 's background is so cute! (: I love it xo
good she gets to come home tomorrow
Napping with my sweet girl. She may drive me crazy some days but I thank god everyday for blessing me with her. I luv u Sophia.
I'm a real hot head I need to stop
so you change it legally.
Re: the phrase "the cat's out of the bag"-who put a cat in a bag & thought "ha! this will be my big secret!"?
My throat feels sorta weird idk if thats good or bad lol
Are you trying to graduate cum laude or thank-you laude?
I feel like they would just be so much more dramatic... Or a lot more fun. Either one.
Peeking inside of EVERY BOX in the Ramsey County Historical Society
+1 RT : ...well begins my new #NBA playoffs agenda, cheering like mad to keep the rings off LeBron's fingers!
Luvit! #realmusic RT : Yes it is! RT : is that you on the flute in the intro of the
haha I'm trying...and failing...
Absolutely. I was a player for you ladies 92-95' . Keep working hard. You ladies will get back 2 those great seasons!
sure. you want one of the MS natural ones? or something else?
yes, I think people forget that indies are not just people who can't get published traditionally. some of us don't want to
Hello Check out #edchat for awesome teachers!
i watch your videos singing the song cant stand it by nsn :) omg i love u soo muchh and your so amazing i wish i could meet u=)
: I'm there in spirit! Have a mimosa for me and have a great time! Xoxo
I'm gonna get the trinity symbol on my back on my left shoulder blade, :)
im so ready to see them on teen wolf tonight woohoo
hey paano mo
Afraid I'd behave like a freaked out chihuahua if I drank that!
haha, im sick of chillen. I'm ready for fast paced shit.
I haven't messed with a theremin in years!
why would i be jealous?
Picked up an inordinate number of times & carried him an inordinate distance yesterday. #soreback #sorearms cc
dammit, it won't let me rate anything until I get to level 2
GET THAT OUTTA HERE!
thanks bro. Send me your email and I'll send you some videos of me acting.
I get busy and forget to check twitter. I need to stop that :)
I didnt even know it was a tweet till you retweeted it lol are y'all out yet
When I turn on the CD player in my car tomorrow, her CD will play. I'm still in shock.
Tebow verse Brady ...who will win!
Not much activity. Was thinking of using it as a place to maybe sell my "best" stuff & still use Flickr for storage/community.
20 something more until 400 come one guys! <3
I Will :D♥
just saw this somehow.. I've been Mia from tweetin. I need to get myself one of these!!
Kids should be able to tell you that 9 x 4 = 36 automatically, but they should also be able to tell you that this...bit.ly/pSrpRQ
193 miles till home! This should be fun :)
Can we get a stack of napkins to 118 STAT
My answer on to: Can my landlord make me move?..I'm in a commercial buidinlg and i need help ASAP - Since you h...
same here
you didn't get a cappuccino??
Realized that Sunday morning will be the last time I see my niece and nephews for 20 months.. There will definitely be tears that morning :(
St Patty Day Mom's favorite day Was her B-day Mom i named a Ped pal after your favorite sayin when dad got mad at you Kiss my Blarney Stone
RT Always wished I could sing <---- Can you rhyme still?
you're welcome, and thank you! We're planning for a beta launch in late March. Lots of work to do still.
My mother knows exactly how to piss me off ugh.
it looks really good tonight!
RT : Only 7 years ago TODAY, Supreme Court ended the death penalty for youth. Kids are different. End
In Teaching Against the Odds
Oh, it's a parody done by a lawyer, therefore, hilarious. It uses video clips from disney films to explain copyright
No Problem Thanks for following back :)
KUS MY MAMA WAS TAKIN ME OUT TO EAT AGAIN TONITE BUT IMA SEE WATT I CAN DO WIT HYMNEXT WEEKEND KUS YOU SEINORS LEAVE NEXT
I don't care who wins tonight or the giants. Just please no injuries! Everyone stay healthy. Go
Anybody using Google Prettify in an awesome way?
Be who you want to be don't let anyone tell u other wise.
yes steelers!! :)
idk ask g money“: whats good with the track ?? #QuieroConocerte”
“: I drank too muchhe ashit!” you're even slurring your tweets! Awesome! Sign of a good time. :)
Eddie Hernandez, striker who just scored for Honduras U-23s, was in Orlando with BK Hacken. Told me he was close to #RBNY move in Nov.
looking forward to meeting as well!
Going to the pool again todayy ((:
A fly does not mind dying in coconut cream. – Swahili Proverb
Come by Seventysixes this sunday for drinks and snacks as we shoot a shop video. 9 to 4 we will be filming come get your cameo. Thx sev ...
Twitter counts!
De Graaf: Polls show that Americans are happiest on Saturdays and Sunday mornings -- despite saying they love to work.
Next Show WEDNESDAY 5/9 at 8pm! Free Show!
the boy isn't staying the night?
Everywhere is all around. comfort in the crowd, strangers face all around,laughng right outload "blaming on midnight" or the drinks?
Did you get a BAD deal from owned by #Google? Call them toll free (877) 857-8070. #NYC company selling fake deals to #Boston :(
has found better people than me to follow...it's ok Charlie, I still love you
Instructional Technology: systematic approach to designing and implementing instruction.
“: Dane County support for collective bargaining zeroing in on 70% with more Madison wards reporting now. #wivote”
Rise and grind!
Lando is so cute! How are you? Has Christina had the baby?
On #Auburn grad & NFLer leads #bike ride around #Alabama to raise $1M for #Tuscaloosa tornado victims
just tell us the story that you are passionate about.
It's not too late! I can add to the page on Monday.
Why thta sad smile :??
First morning at the new office. Things are coming together! Can't wait to go back.
Flour Bluff has bases loaded with one out in 6th, trailing 2-1. Johnny Luby coming up, he has Hornets' lone RBI today.
hah nice! Ask him if he knows of any software dev openings!
Now is the winter of our contentedness.
Been in Thornton for awhile now! Not going anywhere especially with the rain and this paper due soon!
#WhoToldYou to give up? You keep going, no matter how rough the road gets -- jonathon reid ()
Albert doesn't hustle though
Feeling incomplete at Whole Foods
Great time 's #ArtAlive last night, even tho someone was wearing the same dress I bought in Tokyo. !!
you will never now I exist, but I love you.
pleasure to meet you at the GBk AMA gift lounge. Hope Sabine is enjoying the necklace. Kerry from
We decided to go with the correctly spelled, cheesier option. Originality seemed debatable.
thanks! We appreciate your comment that #pmacraftshow craft rises to the level of art. And your post made us want to go shopping!
that can change.. you would have much more fun as a brewers fan..
If I could find a girl who acted like a dog, and didn't poop on the floor...
The "clever brain" thingyy
I'm done being the last choice so if no ones there fir you don't come to me because you leave me out
Would you follow Hennepin County Government? www.twitter.com/hennepin
:( imma cry if they lose again this year
happy (dog) mom's day! seriously though. it's like the same thing. ;)
f you're rockin a smart phone don't forget to "check-in" on your Facebook app while you're here. Thanks for the love Cbus!
i actually PASSED MIDDLE SCHOOL!!! :) im proud of myself
haha yes. now if only there was a way to communicate "get your shoes off" indirectly...
What do you recommend for the innagural drink of the weekend?
#AskRussy Will you help me get Roc to notice me ??
I love my car!!
Just drive (ride) bys today. Got to get to work early.
your welcome!
20 MINUTES TIL OUR NEW TANK TOP RELEASE!
I rowed for OSU. Hated every second on the Erg.
LOL RT“: We are taking up a collection for that corner flag that got murdered at the NYRB game today. #rip”
sorry for delay. Was at #GoldenGloves nationals. Come in Saturday at noon!
NCAA East Regional tournament at TD! Stop by for a pre/postgame meal and drink!
I think "Blackout. End of Act One." are my favorite words to type ever.
It's been a tradition since Reagan for GOP POTUS candidates to say something nasty to us or about us while campaigning.
Still learning about twitter
newer so come down
Lets do it!! And thatll give us plenty time to put it together
how much fucking cars does justin have...?////////
Why do golfers always carry two pairs of trousers with them? Just in case they get a hole in one.
thanks! Your cuff arrived safely, I'm assuming? Hope you love it!
please do a concert in NYC <3 !
Thanks for being a faithful listener!
#1 options advisory service in America. Closing out 2010 up 83.3%. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
just chillen back at da pad how u doin by da way?
follow me...if i can get up to 200 followers i will luv you forever nd ever
Afternoon twitter
Tnight on ABC5 News:30, we check back in with residents at a burned Urbandale condo, plus the latest on a woman killed by a train in Ames
u called?
Small talk, hate small talk!
yes #friends my fav!! I'm watching it too hahah
Good work, John! Nice piece.
Looking for calibration for a Samsung S27A650D.. Magictune not compatible NVIDIA GeForce GT 545 Graphics card installed
Kelly Slater... the dream crusher. #usopenofsurfing there aren't enough 'he better than thou' nicknames to go around!
People like the guy off of survivor make me dislike gay people
The second week of winter soccer camp has begun! And it's coolllddddddd...
Thanks for the link to the Republic of Pemberton! Very interesting!
I still have artwork fom #ghana I need to hang
Do ppl rlly watch Ice loves coco-.-
Nield suggesting a prize for point-to-point travel between spaceports
that will be a traffic nightmare
Big win for Hoosiers last night. Big Ten Tourney and March Madness right around the corner!
Assumption wins Northeast-10 softball title
Maine trip booked!!
Always feels good to get an introvert to speak up.
Hello, how are you?
I'm up with u. Follow back
No tears and the writer, no tears and the reader. - Robert Frost
Reviews from last night: Phoenix = A+, Passion Pit = A-, Jack's Maniquin = C-
not like 2 years ago. Thats for sure
I'll be at elementary schools shooting PSA's for the city for their new Read, Run, Recycle Campaign.
I didn't even go haha but good way to celebrate
Aww i reallyy dontt but thank u!(: and he is just perfect<3
Now I know what you were doing on Friday.
RT : i feel like screaming like a mothafucka. < I can make you scream. 😏
Today in art we talked about birds... #WereCool (:
Happy!!! Found my cellphone ! The bad thing is it's not working
You are the most genuine celebrity ever. I Love how you don't change who you are for anybody<3 #YourMyRoleModel:)
Good luck to everyone who entered the human billboard contest for kiss 98.5 x
girl...i was like WTF u serious? Smh
wishing i could head home to KC today...flights are just too expensive to change. cloudy dallas will have to do for another day :)
of course!! Needs to get out of the house anyway!
Thanks for the follow Saving my nickels and dimes for Sunday night. Hershey bar still costs 5 cents, right?
Getting your hair pulled <<<<<<<<
I had hoped the wall-hunched old man/was sketching beauty from his mind/but he was tending to a bounty of lotto tickets/art was left to me
RT lmfao "coke shaped bottle turned upside down" -
Got to call a coworker who is an asshole an asshole in the guise of a joke this morning. Felt nice.
I'm a Cornell fan. I went there for undergraduate.
I<3The Movie Super 8. You Were So Amazing(: And I Loved It So much I saw it twice and got the app on my ipod. I Love you to<3
I just e-mailed this to you/brainz. You're in my head again!
I thought #TheAvengers was really really good. Not Great, but really well done. Well worth it, I would definitely see it again.
remember your ABVs tomorrow
45 minutes until curtain here a Carnegie Mellon for Drowsy Chaperone!
Need to head back to work now. I am a tired
Dear Twitter famly and friends. As most of you are aware - I was recently diagnosised with MS -
THANKS FOR A GREAT PLAYOFF RUN CAPS!
ME AND JUST SAW OUR FIRST LIGHTNING BUG OF THE YEAR OMG GUISE
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing mothers out there!
i fucking know right? i'm gonna get it back eventually though c: just gotta steal it. i still have my key though c;
Thanks! Heading back to the east coast again. :)
Love it or hate it, #Chiefs fans, it looks like we've got a developmental draft this year. We're in position to do it, though.
Check out baby bash
Dr: Jenna get off your phone. Jenna: dr i am learning farsi on my iPhone app so that i can communicate with my pt's. Dr: oh! Ur awesome jen!
Believe In Yourself! You Can Do It.
RT : Even though a trade is unlikely, I'd say it's still worth acknowledging that this could be the last game of the Big 3 era.
put a pic up
lol @ "Internet Maniac" Twitter-bio :D Hope you're doing well.
1: "I can't tell if you love it or hate-love it." 2: "Like everything else in my life."
:( lmao, that's how I feel
Who wants to get in on a session this week?
By embracing yourself, you take ownership of your own life. Then you can start co-creating your life in a new way.
Women will find any and everything out
Kind offer to #THATCamp VA attendees! RT : I have 4x4 availability for anyone who needs a sleigh ride to BootCamp in the morning.
If you use the #engl2393 hastag, I'll have a better chance of seeing it!
Yes! How old are you my dear?
We need to Receive & should Give help. If you're a Success, someone helped you along the way. Help someone Shine brighter, I know I will!:)
Check out A1skateboards.com, they have amazing skateboards and clothing.
My flight attendant looks like Jamie Lee Curtis....I kinda wanna ask her how the Activia's working. lol.
want some watermelon?
Wait. If you're on earth who's runnin hell?
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
appreciate it bro.
Heh. That should have been an exclamation point. "Thanks for sharing!"
Wow this snow in #denver is crazy!
The punishment of the liar is not believed even when telling the truth.
Awesomely bad movie. Excellent MST3K episode.
alicia keys terry kennedy ALL ARTISTS!! SUBMIT YOUR SONGS TO DTP!! GO TO WWW.DTPENT.BLOGSPOT.COM (RETWEET THIS RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!)
#UGLY represents how this offense has looked for much of the season. Even had missed chances 2nite
“: I'm not doing my homework because I'm not doing it. so.....#dealwithit.” :D
Someone tried to use Greek words with me..."I know the words,I am an entomologist", instead of "etymologist" :) no wonder I win at Scrabble.
I wanna get fucked the fuck up.
Whatever dude. Fuck you!
Would you turn your best friend into the cops if they committed a burglary?
Thanks! Couldn't of done it without you :)
RT : Excellent! The word "spirit" itself comes from the Latin word for "breath", so its def applicable to everyone.
On my way to the 2nd Annual First Coast SURFERS FOR AUTISM event at the A Street Beach Ramp in St. Augustine!! Come hang out!
Congratulations to the Los Angeles Lakers for preventing David Stern from going into a deep Depression if they lost & Oklahoma faced Denver.
Good night and good luck.
The books seem lovely!
stand on a tall hill and watch the blurry lights on a freeway.. kinda relaxing at night. perhaps tonight ill treat myself to some peace
I feel like sleeping away this weekend. This full moon is really getting to me
Hype about concert in indy this weekend. I know it's going to be a dope show
Apa lol. And its fine. No worries
T2 #meded. I'd say my work on online professionalism was why I was promoted to assoc prof. Certainly if part of your research agenda.
U.S.A. goes too hard can't wait for
I'm way ahead of you girl, studied first then I can fangirl ;0
be careful you might break something. thats like typing "google" into Google. RT Can one gamify gamification?
that's a big one!! What did he/she taste like? In Ky we deep fry everything, makes it palatable
Happy Hanukkah and many blessings to all!!!
lol I'll just send you a pic of him and you can see If he's the one you remember
At Kings Island
Honestly dudes, it just looks like a full moon to me.
I wish Junior could have felt the amount of love for him in his community. He gave a lot.. He deserved to feel it back.
Terrific library test kitchen session on turn of 20th cent library appliances, furnishings, systems, architectures.
Just found Simply Lemonade - Coca Cola product. Thank you!
yuck! I'm gonna eat worms because ignores my calls
Unluckiest person! Of course its gonna snow in Dallas for the 2nd time as my flight is supposed to leave.
If i'm not your girlfriend or close to it, don't fucking worry about who i'm with or what i'm doing with my spare time.
Excited to see Lee Konitz play with the LaGuardia high school kids
Hello America. We're here and you WILL want to know what we are all about!
Drake is a head banger all by himself!
yeah!! U made it
LOL!!!! Surprised you guys have the twitters!
I just like Wade, feel bad for him.
Can you email me at pydanny at that whole gmail thing? I've got a request to make. :-)
"After all, beer is living proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy!"
go to sleep nigga!!
some old man just told me to marry a lawyer or dr and if i don't become one but that i should really marry for money then loue later lmao
it's impossible to say "I'm behind on email" without it seeming like a #humblebrag but srsly: I'm behind. apologies, all you lovely people
haha well u got it stuck in my head since yesterday !
I just want to Crash Fall down
Excited to see the man that God has for me, but until then.. I'm just gonna keep doin me.
are you gonna share with me
A great New Year's resolution: Commit to (i) check the next day's calendar and (ii) write a to-do list for that day everyday.
Rum , it's all about the rum this season!
For all you nannies out there: We want to know, what is the most rewarding part of your job?
Slow sports news days that also coincide with no meaningful sports to watch on tv that fall on a monday...suck bad
ha! If it did would have a score of 250.
Bout to be a long ass day
ha! I'll take that. It's just one of those movies that you can't help but love to quote. Just like Anchorman.
i dont ever want to or mean to cross lines.
Yeah, I wanted to try this since jack3d is discounted...I wish I started with C4- its great!
Shoutout to for her support!!
Happy Cinco De Mayo !!
Favorite place in the world to eat
“: Our moms are going to Greek sing together how #cutee” aw our biggest fans!
Yea, I might listen to the occasional Hootie And The Blowfish song but I'll also smoke you in a game of H.O.R.S.E.
ok, is there a good time during the day to call you?
not just training. Users aren't puppies to be "trained".
they can't win with one, Lakers are going to kill it this year again!
I really liked it...up to a point...don't think I finished all of the episodes
NIALL I NEED YOUR HELP! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
Great job on Govloop livestream, team!
Despite the minor setback, we are back on track. We fixed the issue and we are rebuilding the module. #actors #actress stay tuned!
Agreed! It is kind of nice, but I am starting to get cabin fever.
hey hey! Woah! Atleast you got a damn iphone!! ;)
"Rouge?" Is Screech Palin wearing an abundance of blush?
my stomach is bothering me.
Ugggghhh!! So upset and frustrated!
lol okay good!
Im deleting twitter. Oh well...
As a rule wearing a bigger pair of jeans looks better than squishing yourself into a pair of jeans that used to fit befor u gave up smoking
Support One Another.
my best friend and I have VIP tickets for Raleigh. Can't wait to see you guys from the 6th row! Look for us!
Pretty sure the kids at recess catch a ball better than the
Add us to the Artist Roster!
RT if music has always been there for you when people were not
Neighbor just told me he heard his neighbor screaming "help help help" before he saw him shoot pit bull who was attacking him and his dog.
Coors Light Tejano Spring Fest 2012 at St Jude Catholic Church - W Commerce & Gen McMullen! Elida Reyna & Stampede performing!
RT : "No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another." -- Charles Dickens
Internet guest pass for patron from France.
This weekend wasn't long enough.
yep, its going to at Hurleys on 48th st
me n my posse r at Frosties again!
you and your BF both know you're nicer than ever
Conditional Past Perfect Obi-Wan on Cinco de Mayo: “May the 4th have had been with you”
Anyone else think Matt Flynn looks like a cross between Matt Damon & Dexter Morgan?
*clears my throat very daintily* Well you see, Rehv, I was born with a lack of a brain filter. It's my only flaw.
New site is under development
Love never seeks riches, it makes RICH what it has.
Pollution in cities: Americans are breathing easier.
Twitter and a voluntary ice bath...ah
lol everyone gets an opinion on the internet lol
like is it a waste of time trying to have this full history of all objects on each branch - is the release version enough
Register Now for "Bailando con Verizon" Feb. 24th at Blue Martini! Call 402.706.6779
Glutathione is the body’s master antioxidant and helps to detoxify the body and neutralize free radicals while supporting the immune system.
RT : RT : My boo killed that "War Song"
I could blame myself for betting the #Bruins puck line, but instead I'll blame the Bruins for losing me $100. Bastards!
Cooking marathon awaits. Tis the women wot got us out of Egypt. Just saying.
yeah we have at least two a week & they're supposed to teach a lesson from our objective. It just puts me more & more behind :(
#AGBT Coming to a close. Farewell dinner tonight. Jaime & Mike heading back to MCW tomorrow AM. Thanks for following our adventure!
Jamming some Metallica on the way to Simi. Who's ready?
Despite rhetoric today LATimes & USAToday wrote that GOP lawmakers complained that DOE loan guarantee approval process was moving too slowly
They say Marijuana is a gateway drug. To what? The fridge?
Thanks for the RTs!
#WhyILoveSummer gettin my mexican tan on
M dirt.
Take A Pic Of It
happy mothers day Mama, it applies to u because u r like a mother to so many of your Kids ! And to our kids 1day xoxo
There's something about the MGMT sound Electric Feel that always gets me going. No matter where I hear it.
Yes, but during national champ game she tweeted that she found herself rooting for the beakers. Said her kids were mad at her.
If you want to work the rest of your life, that's YOUR Business; if you DON'T, Then that's MY Business!
As the embers rise my hands smelled like gasoline!!!!!
I never wanted anybody more than I wanted you, The only thing i ever loved.
that's impossible lol
Even if the phillies knew about madson's bum elbow, or thought something just fishy, didn't have to make papelbon so rich.
That looks right up my alley. Looking forward to the launch. Can I bet on the number of $AAPL tweets in one day?
Appreciate each day as a gift of time - a bank account of 86,400 seconds, 1,440 minutes! Invest it, don't waste it!
just said goodbye to her mom and is a fricken train wreck.
Plenty of SLH Lebron 9's left at my spot.
Ready to be king
them bitches say i'm cocky
Just watched the season finale. Brings new meaning to "wait for it..."
Going to surprise Geo :)
Keeping your vehicle in running condition becomes even more important as gas goes up. A tune up will increase your mpg. I come to you!
#CourageTheCowardlyDog One of my favorite childhood cartoons :D
A big THANK YOU to , , for sharing their insights with on the future of creativity!
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.
": Eating two dinners, one before practice and one after #YOLO"
oh, i just skipped that and went to the justin bieber documentary.
I just electrocuted myself trying to get drunk with power.
HubSpot is honored to have received a variety of accolades from the media and expert community during Q3
Really looking forward to my pre-birthday date night tonight. Their quoina burger is oh so good!
Big day, coaching my kids in the district wrestling tourne, & then racing out to #LSP to watch my kill da revs
My high school advisor's husband just died. They just celebrated 50 years together in April. So sad. How do you move on after that?
Bwahahaha RT : Went on a late night walk to buy Milk...I now realize it was actually cereal that I needed.
hey we're giving away an apple tv in our booth at #cmsNY - stop by to find out how to win!
Gives every girl a boast of confidence! RT " Red Lipstick"
Maybe u can suck his dick too.
No way just lucky this week! :)
In pure electric mode, the Lincoln MKZ Hybrid can drive with a top speed of up to 47 mph
the audience votes for GREEN
feel better ;)
Many beautiful ladies in Greensboro are available daily. References are required. Call now. 336-272-8582
Hi Lindsay, thanks for following!
cute picture. I remember those moments!
CC needs to be careful who he praises..... if he has a future in national politics!!!
niggas ain't lettin you ride no face unless you taken pipe
I'll have to google it, if it was Durbin then I'm sure it was awesome! ()
Without the young, fresh faces of our bright and pretty girls, this city's society would be naught. Allow me to extoll some local beauties:
glad to be out and about with my work hubby it's been too long!
how about 3? i need some estevan in my life.
woops. You are correct sir! All apologies. Enjoy your Wednesday as if this never happened :)
TGIF! What are your plans for this beautiful weekend?
Imma give this "boss" shit a try doin it for my boi mainly doin for my self we ll c how it goes
go to the customize settings thing again and scroll down and check off that says infinite scroll
DebRash: thrilled/inspired by most #sla2009 folk, at times just surprised by some behavior I can't see thriving in most p ...
Heading out to K-State with my dad for a Junior Day visit. First college visit ever!
Remember when Robert Kardashian was the most famous Kardashian. Oh 1994, where have you gone. O.J. created a monster bigger than himself.
I guess. :P I'm going to try to come to school tomorrow. :)
Absolutely love recruiting calls. Love to talk to young players who are hungry to make their name known in the college basketball world
Giving Robert S. Pinals Lecture on Humanism and Professionalism at UMDNJ-RWJMS next Wed.
Yes! DO IT.
damn that is amazing work tbh!!
Hey teris, I thought you said you dont have a twitter its tiera you just did not want your mom to know im telling HAHA
Time to get back to Vegas it's football season! $$ to be made!
I'm sorry, that's pronounced HYOO-muss.
follow me? :) #Believe 7
I am multi-tasking.
went to help turn 22. ended up bad.
I dont understand why wright not out there
Hey just saw the TCTV video with where she asked "What's next in Ed Tech?" You forgot to mention
“: if you can't use your tickets for The Voice finale could I have them?” no.
Psa 91:11 For HE shall give HIS angels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thy ways. - "Jesus Promised He'll Take Care of Me"
lol your a fortune teller I see
i gotta study that !
Boys wearing sports in winter
I'm still waiting for my check!
ha ha whatever
When you beat your own reminder alarms to complete tasks, I'd say you're in pretty good shape.
Lunch seems more satisfying after a good workout.
well, once we "verb" the noun "verb", then there are only verbs … and that means verbosity will increase. uh oh.
Nana hasn't been able to twitter lately because my old beat to shit 98' Macintosh ran out of ram and blew up...new bookmac on the way
I ate so much I'm full
DWade would hit the weights if he was paid.
Spent the weekend with my grandma, sister and cousin, watching old Disney movies. Good weekend? More like the best. :D <3
Look at people the way God look at them..... And... try that on yourself too!
Margaritaville - where happy hour starts at 10:30 am. God bless America.
I think needs to do serious atonement today. Granted…that's everyday, but especially today.
Pubs will be bone dry before dark. Well done City, great for the League and will make UTD stronger in the long run. Breathtaking finish.
did i say anything about being a bad ass or even imply it? #nope #loser ;)
just interviewed the CEO of Domino's. No sign of the Noid.
i sure do! right in the café :)
If Santorum becomes president, I'm moving to Africa.
which one?
u suck lol. Really sly would u do that. Lol
I love you with all my heart :)
Couldn't wait for the next episodes... had to buy The Walking Dead compendium. So good.
Going to #Usps after school.
hope the spurs play their starters tomorrow. If they start their bench we may be in for a tough game! Lol
Most of the harm in the world is done by good people, and not by accident, lapse, or omission. -Paterson
#bookaday - The One and Only Stuey Lewis: Stories from the Second Grade by Jane Schoenberg - Love this book!
on visual sociology and her work on - great example of public scholarship - at our DSS.
Your flow is straight nasty! I had to play it back three times in a row
It's been 3 months since you made that resolution... Time for a new one!! :)
that text just made my day.
will you be working on Sat am when we come? We will be bringing cupcakes!!
My eyeballs are screaming just from reading that.
Back in Nashville after a great weekend with the girls. Fresh and ready to make some moves this week. Exciting times.
Pop Quiz: What are bones made of? Hint: not bone?.
I wish she STFU wit all them damn questions
So excited for girls night tonight with and ! My heart needs this. ;)
Lol I Love My Lil Sister !!
oh yeah :D
Talking to about the real meaning of PR!
Can I get involved? Seriously. I want to help you guys stay on top of this shit, and Im awesome.
Had fun tonight hanging out with Jeff loomis and John McCarthy at the nevermore show, hangin with alexia laiho tomorrow.
"When people go to work, they shouldn't have to leave their hearts at home.” --Betty Bender
Apparently teenagers scare
Go Packers!!! Favorite time of year! Time to kick some Chicago ass (sorry Katie, Kris and Angela). We kick ass - gonna be a good one.
New Media Strategies |
Crossing my fingers I make it on the ferry. Headed to bainbridge the island of authors!
Y'all don't forget to call your moms this mornin!! :) And have a safe trip home!
#OWIF: That merchant marine still seems mad; I should probably sleep in the garbage can tonight. There's some old pizza that is nice & soft.
he'll probably follow you when he gets more followers maybe? (:
Hopefully tomorrow will be better for him!!
RT : my fault I unfollowed u by accident I try to write to you instead... Wats gud )))) I been good hun u?
NWS TORNADO WARNING REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL 345 PM PDT FOR SOUTHEASTERN GLENN AND NORTH CENTRAL COLUSA COUNTIES...
I wanna be home already:(
Something tells me you don't have too much trouble on that front. :)
And we're down again. Ah well. #dreamhost #ftl. In other news, #saints #ftw!
lol yep and my facial expressions as I'm eating it
Now you tell me.
NP! Keep up the great content!
You know you're in love when you don't want to fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams...
Check out our new twitter for draft advice and to keep up with all that is happening in the NFL and its fantasy relavence.
tbh, i act myself no matter who i'm around. i'm loud, i'm obnoxious...i'm me, & idc.
I mean, it has to be a movie that is already special enough to warrant me wanting to own, but yeah.
Tights or hold ups tonight?
Students can speak more thoughtfully about their learning than most faculty think...Inspired to include students at TLA.
#MetsAreBetterThan Hets. Mets dress way better.
All the sads that I'm not in Vegas for #BiSC this year w and all the other amazeballs bloggers!
Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open :)
please notice me!!! please 18
so my grandma comes over & eats all of my food
- amusement. "hey , how come all your strategic goals rhyme?"
I wanna go see Lockout tonight
yay! This is gonna be fun!
Get ur roof fixed or a new roof before the rain starts. 305-232-3344
. Huh? That doesn't even make sense. Poverty isn't a "someONE" it's a someTHING. The link sites a study. Did you read it?
k I followed you
heyy.. like I've missed you!(:
That's not far away at all!
I checked out "The Way You Are" and I have to say, you are amazing!!! :)
Have credit card debt? me too! check this out if you do or don't. www.icraigery.com
Looked like he buckled it in the replay..hopefully nothing bad.
Twitter can suck my ass
YES indeed - that's why we support local businesses AND of course Local Media! It stays local! :)
When I'm ignoring a phone call, the phone seems to ring far longer than usual.
On the nights I need to be up super early, I cant sleep. Oh well, it'll make tomorrow afternoon's Mommy and Mia nap that much sweeter! #Yay!
Happy Birthday!(: <3
Linear writing about a multiple-hyperlinked medium has it's specific challenges.
jet lag is kicking my ass
We have had hundreds of entries into our tournaments in recent days, will you be our next lucky winner ?
Brandon Phillips 2nd base, Troy Tulowitski ss, Ryan Zimmerman 3rd base, Adam Jones Of, Matt Kemp OF, José Batista OF, Matt Weiters C
#TheClientList on and my diet coke.
Happy Easter Family friends....Cuz We All Family n Friends!!!!
Yeehaw fans! What is your favorite memory from BonfireJam 2010?
I'm still open to that sir. :) Saran wrap and all
I dunno, that assclown with the stupid pokey hair and fucking retarded duckface. Maybe just lump them all in one category.
Join 2morrow 630-8pm EST to chat about unlucky travel and learn who won the World's Unluckiest Traveler contest!
REMINDER: Revised 2010 UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules now available (become effective August 15, 2010). See UNCITRAL website.
Just woke up. Had 2 Hours of sleep.
Say Something is just perfect.
not too much time slander in yall recent mentions huh?
Weekend will work better - maybe a Post Grass Cut celebratory brew saturday!
#CuttyDoesIt RT : I told Hanie to throw that pass. Counts for my stats.
You will have that feeling with every guy you get with. Its an amazing feeling. Just wait for the next guy. He will come soon
sounds good :-) let me know how it is.. I like indian food.
nice to see you (:
#FF is follow favorite goofy =)
I had built my neighbors computer about a couple of months ago.
it was good I can't wait to show you my phone :) how was yours?
Join us at Sky Lounge on 2nd. St, & Washington for Friday Passion Latin Night!!!. Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock & top. Drk. Spec
Gov Jan Brewer is the answer to the age old question - Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?
I have to go now I have to go to a part that I dont even want to go to in a smelly car luv u
My best friend Lesley said, "Oh she's just being Miley"...
There are trees rollign down the street and shit, y'all. This shit just got serious. IS THAT A TORNADO SIREN?! WHAT THE FUCK.
The 'paralysis of analysis' lies in over-planning and over-thinking. There comes a time to stop preparing, and start doing.
What an amazing day!!!
-My love is our love-!!
Bring me some.
Keg Liq punch, shot glasses.
A Friend is a treasure. More precious than Gold, For love shared is priceless And never grows old.
Yes, the sun will come Up tomorrow. Every other day is like that for me.
You know the first piece of Titanic to be discovered was? A Boiler! Boiler up!
I'll let Gavrich know if you need a home for them
#FF Great gift ideas for Mother’s Day
Why is it that the craziest, slowest-talking motherfucker that has something to say about everything in class?!
I just grilled up some steak, baked potatoes, and corn on the cob!
