anyone wanna be in my new story called thing happen 4 a reason
Thank you, and how have u been Mr?
watching Herbie Hancock play Gershwin compositions w/ L.A. Philharmonic...simply beautiful...
Check out WTMJ - says AP called the newsroom to admit error.
#WasHotButNowItsNot the #Lakers, the #Clippers are taking over now
MITT ROMNEY can't AIM AT TELLING THE TRUTH. How would he AIM at taken BIN LADEN OUT? BIN LADEN mentions MONEY and IT WOULD BE MAKE A DEAL.
Private $ that would be given to expand C'wealth Stadium would not be donated for other University spending.
lol he's so cool he can't even spell.dumb little kid
Backstage passes! The actors would love that. "I missed my entrance because I was signing autographs."
they not tho
That was DOPE! The No No is one of the greatest moments in sports!
Up early, headin to the airport. I'm ready to be home. Thank god its only #Friday tho.
I feel PC/Mac gaming has declined over the past decade; I think a device like OnLive could help boost it again. Agree or no?
RT RT : Google+ is like the gym. Everyone is a member, hardly anyone goes.
Hey ! Good questions this morning!
hehe oh you know it =)
it's going around. I'm in a horrible mood today because I had about 4 different nightmares last night.
Well they sexy to me :d
“: Everybody has that friend that lies about how much play they get.”
I fell asleep too early. It was nice, but now I'm just laying here. How is this even possible?
lost all my contacts smh...
That awkward moment when you’re yelling at someone and you mess up a word. -_-
Hope it tickled your taste buds! // : RT: first drink of the school year? I'm Dating Jesus :)
Alber Elbaz is so fantastic. "I was so stressed that I sketched my next collection" Love him.
Negativity breeds more negativity. When you focus only on the negative, obviously that’s all you will see.
Just another Friday throughout town. Excited for the weekend? Heck yes!
Mar 30, Polo Mongolia...
Well that was good timing.
go after or before! c:
TutorTrac seems pretty good. Why isn't everyone using it?
you liked us?? yay!
no luck :/
Apple pie & ice cream
"The whole world needs to be DVRed!" - John Racette (just now, on Facebook)
Hi Hans how are you?
Oops is what I meant. They traced his family tree back 8 generations in India!
‘Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.’ ~Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
You're wrong, but even if you believe this ...
look forward to being in SF next week
Sick in bed with catarrh AND #Instagram is down? Cruel world
Heartbreaking! #SanDiego in mourning RT Junior Seau's dad visited the growing memorial outside his son's home in Oceanside
But im bored :(
thank you, porn bot, for showing me some girl's tits. I appreciate the sentiment, but I have my own. And they're nicer.
How can you tell when a salesperson is lying? His lips are moving.
Nascar great meeting with Really excited to work together.
Congrats to of and on completing the with a time of 04:02:30. Way to represent Colorado
hey !! i listen your cover and they are #AMAZING #SWAG #AWESOME Grettings from
<-------- she's so effing HOTT its ridiculous lol
Go fight Cotta, more punches, less dancing. Punch Kid, give it everything
Full Moon #FF check out these arts orgs!
Insert fart sound here. RT ": Good luck, Theo. Thanks for the 2 titles."
I like your hair....
YOU were awesome! Pleasure meeting you! You will be seeing us soon!
if you're at work it must be it's a different Whitter. ;)
#LRT Money or a nut ?
yeahh..kinda figured
Mom i love you but this trailers got to go GQ
Limit it just only a word me made up.. Don't put anything in between your self!
lol, you can sing that again! It Was HOT finally :) Wooya Much Linda :)
now everything has changed!!!! and I dont know if im ready
Starting drum tryouts this week!! Stoked.
Your welcome. :]
I'll see what I can do. Just checked out their video. Very cool song.
Hah, probably right!
I want it all back
Good start boys! Let's keep it going...
Hey! Thanks for following me. I really hope you enjoy my artwork! :)
In Government & Interested In Cloud Identity Management? Attend 's Cloud Identity Summit Next Week In NOVA....
I just don't understand why I can't purchase an iPad2. The only chance is to get in line at 6:45am each morning. They stay sold out!!
Stop at #villageinn before heading out to
": “Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass...It's about learning to dance in the rain.”"
I need a nap! Where is my #underdeskbed?
Happy Valentines Day. Love you lots <3
couldn't agree more!
hEY WORLD! Steven is awesome!
Why did you have to do that
No Twitter-bots on my list
I sorda wanna hangout with holly at lunch because I miss her.
has his READING glasses on today.
:) and birthday too!:)
Another day of PT down!
AW dangit, you're at #MW2012 too, ? Wish I was there...
great chat! , wishing you lovely tomorrows
Today is about engaging with the DS Community for me. Laser focused. “: Keep pushing!”
Don't forget to sent a DM and say why you should win the autograph. Contest ends July 27th
"It's not what is wrong and how to fix it, but rather what is possible"
He would have killed Brett Lawrie, are you kidding RT : Was Davidson the Lawrie ump?
Waking up at 4 in the morning and not being able to sleep anymore....that's so nice...
just 3? Still to far, Should've just stayed and played basketball!
First time I've got nothing on the books for Saturday. What am I gonna do?
It's sad that it's come to the point where they have shows for 16 year old whores that have kids Fuck it they might as well get on tv for it
is the writing portion of our childrens book due tomorrow?
#toshme what an eclectic menagerie of people here at radio city. Yay tosh.o
And you will!! Just stay focused :) You have all my support cuzzo! <3 you!!!
I think a hero is an ordinary individual who finds strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Writing is the simplest form of content creation. Write, write, write, write! It all adds up over time!
wont miss it!
Hard to believe that the Blazers really did rush Oden back given how his rehabs always seemed to take longer than expected
Who's stoked for our headlining show this Friday???
are you talking about Garden State? because I hear it is a huge chick flick
40 years. Pretty long run in this business. Keep an eye out for what our staff will be doing in May...
Rain finally stopped. But no relief from the heat. Sun is pretty on green leaves though.
so it was claimed last year. I'm still waiting :/
Can someone come in here and help me with this geometry ch. Test./
Roadtrip! Headed to Philly to visit Thompson Institute, , campuses. Excited to see PSCUs in action!
I don't like when people waste my time.
Can someone please take me to NY this weekend?
thank you babe!
sleep because you're talking to that one special person. ♥
Secretary of Commerce John Bryson at !
Open your mind and she'll open her legs.
"There will come a time when you believe everything is finished... That will be the beginning." - Louis L'Amour
I'm disappointed he doesn't still rock his knee pads he had a PU RT : Brian Cardinal hasn't aged since college...
I haven't slept more than 16 hours in the last four days and all I remember eating is shells on Saturday.
Now that was a wrkout
How are you love?!:-D
Nw Hip Hop POV
Voting YES on the #sagaftra merger? Post a pic of you and your ballot & tell the world #icheckedyes!
Rereading "Song of Solomon" for the 1st time in 10 years is like getting to know my younger self. I missed so much, but loved it utterly.
Get your Puccia in this beautiful morning .... Noon lunch time
I'm on twitter way too much.
they only knew each other for a couple days. They probably would have broken up eventually if given the chance to date.
What a great photo op!
I looked at that answer but it didn't make any sense to me. I may have to send a screenshot so that you can see the problem.
I need a long nap
m Monday
RT is hosting a #Special #App #Event starting tomorrow for 10 days. RaffleCopters r set up to promote apps.
#NowBumpin "Oldie" by Odd Future
worked Pint Night and now get to stay up all night studying....again. Get me to 11:30 tomorrow please.
damn!!! fucking #bulls lost
I'll eat you
FAST-FIX JEWELRY AND WATCH REPAIRS store is now open at the Westfield Valley Fair Shopping Mall in Santa Clara, CA.
Going RAPING with and - watch out, Los Angeles!
I feel like changing my twitter name again...give me names peeps
Basket full of single-use toothbrushes in the break room this morning right by the coffee machine. A (not so) subtle hint from...
The link I got back was for the 5 tricks to double your gains.
Hey Dear, miss you much...:)
Its All Up To Him We Discussed It And He Sounded Interested But Im Tryna Get A Confirmation
im exhausted
of course! You guys are gorgeous:)
yes you are! And you'll see my hair too!
Yes, I have the same problem, that's why I identify with the quote!
I just tuned in, but they showed 2 live performances from their archives, so that is kind of cool.
Two new bruises on my butt.. One from the game tonight and the other from slipping on beer after the UK game on Monday = 1 successful week
THIS--->RT : At the end of the day I can always say I handle my business and nobody can challenge that
Dear people, it's not "could of," it's "could have." Now please use it correctly. Thanks.
follow me again
Thanks you're too kind!
I just woke up from the best nap of my life to the reality that its only Wednesday :(
Will, what is your personality archetype?
Needs a change.
But I'm gonna be the bigger person and not get mad.
Old guy in airport security line pulls his ID from his Wonder Woman wallet & shows to TSA. Wonder what gate his invisible jet was at!
literally going to die alone.
miss you babe! I hope you're having tons of fun!
it says im following you? X
I will be teaching a hypnotherapy certification WITH Marshall Sylver for a small group of people at his Palace in Las Vegas, end of April.
Too much food. Grateful for being able to afford occasional gluttony.
rt Ya'll are such a cute couple.
Ugh! Food coma after 5 guys's bacon cheeseburger!
S/O our newest follower & definitely fashion with a edge!
#AHA2012-bound! The Marine Air Terminal at LGA is art deco/WPA bliss.
2 years already... RIP Lukas! Love ya boy #3/11 missing you always
Craving key lime tart...Could just put it between my cheek and gum...savor the flavor...
Get excited for 1/2 price #pizza on this gorgeous day. Password: BEAR BEAR PRO
All drama is foreplay. Screwing is the end.
TRAFFIC - Crash Wb Belt @ Todd Dr
Until 4PM today in Women’s Active- Meet Lissette Marquez from & get outfitted by a pro in their last swimwear for Summer!
Mailed novel to #agent by USPS after spending an hour to print. Postage was $8 and ink brought total up to $10. It's a form of gambling.
The musty, wheatpaste bookstores of Buenos Aires are akin to crack.Today, I emptied my wallet of every dime.As well, my arms are strained.
Will you marry me? Jerry can come along too. :)
I Just Listened To #TurnToYou .... I Cried My Eyes Out :c Your Amazing #ImSoProudOfYouJustin ❤ I Love You❤
No matter how bad things get, I try to keep perspective. Do you know there are pensionless teachers in Africa?
Thank your for your support.
I'm about to be in tears because it's over!
Learn Chinese for the day: 棕色 [zōngsè] brown
#Pray4SeanKingston praying for a full recovery! <3
I will NEVER EVER fall in LOVE,why do fools fall in LOVE????
Sometimes listening to the people who truly love you can help you a lot in life
Thank you so much!
ipod seems to be worked [for now]
Jackets fan? I'm from DC!
Nothin' beats Pancakes in morning. Yum(:
do you have any gumball head??
Michael Mina at the Bellagio, very nice so far
join instagram! Then you can 'like' the photos!
you're welcome! Enjoy! :)
THE 5 STEPS TO BECOMING THE BIGGEST BAND IN TOWN BOOK RELEASE TUESDAY APRIL 3rd,2012!!
Friday RT : When we gonna fuck, Ms. Parker?
Are you suggesting that beignets are a seasonal dessert?
#15peopleilove: the next 15 people who follow
ah holes in on! old school shia labeouf
i happen to have what you are looking for!!! :-)
I am cursed. will never follow me.:(
Nah, "Last Cause" & "Brick In The Wall"
Linton and Associates is now working with Flyline Search Marketing to boost our Brand Awareness.
I got you fam
**Hey Soul Sister**
Having a sarcastic conversation with yourself when people are ignoring you.
All is marvy! :O) Hope all is well with you, as well. Have a great weekend!
I'm having the best day!! I'm probably going to die tomorrow!
Please visit our website, www.nfocusfilms.com, for more information or samples of previous projects
Nice stuff man!
Thx for sharing the ultimate apps for photogs. Much Appreciated,
Attitudes are contagious. Make yours worth catching.
President Rick perry? Thanks but no thanks
I think I am gonna go back in the fridge now, starting to warm up and don't want that...I do wanna taste good for ya!!!
Slowest week of my life..
RT : Meet #Abq's newest radio station: Kid Safe, Family Friendly: SHINE 97.7 FM!!! Follow & "Like" them on Facebook!
Guys. I stretched up. Again. lol
Just finished reading book on Tiger. Great read. Pure unadulterated view. No pretense or agenda observed Hghly recmmnd.
$26!! Why would anyone pay that when a six pack is $10.
We have a new Ellicott City location coming on May 1st. Where do you have in mind?
I'm working with a fantastic design intern who used to be in production. It's been fun showing him the *other* side of spreadsheets.
Thank you, Taiasha! Peace and Pearls!
my friend said i look like a person who would cut their tongue down the middle and pierce both sides.
night babygirl. i love you :)
can u reply to me please just to show my friend that u do
I'll sign
You are great. Thanks for the mention of Sports Tackles Cancer.
I'll concede that point
All I want is sleep. Just sleep. Is it so hard to get some sleep. D:
And it begins again
Hi Twitter its big dream I'm going to be at Broadway comedy club ny on Nov 18th please cum support me
Yes I got a b in painting
It's a lovely night for some painting and wine! Come down and see us...bar is open till 9!
Giving one of our cats his first bath. Wish me luck!
Fitting gifts into a stocking can be challenging. Make life easier and slide a bottle of wine in there. Christmas = done.
better be
on the grind like i should be-mito
Never change teams!!! Success is a struggle
no problem(:
silencio for favor
Good morning Brett! What an awesome night I had last night w/ the Tigers at their foundation event. Laird made me do shots!
***AVATAR Exclusive *** Creative Director – A Developer *UK BASED* - for more information contact .uk
oh, okay. I just thought you were saying something like mojito, 'cause I hate mojitos too. And moquitos, I guess
listening to music while getting ready
Clairton High School wassup #SCRSCReamTeam is the building lets get LIVE!!!
Game of Thrones. Shaking in my boots.
Fajita Pizza Recipe You don't need to go to a fancy gourmet pizza place to get great unique pizza. You can easily make it at home with re
Looks & Feels like Spring!!! I'll take it :-)
After school naps >>>
Nani coming on for Young. Lets go Nani!!!!
Looking forward to the #AMPConcert at 2pm this afternoon!
I bet Newcastle are really missing Andy Carroll right about now.
They swear up & down the world is ending this year, & these MFs can't even get the weather right, smh
Hahaha you are not kidding. And I wouldn't be able to appeal smh lol
I can't believe I'm getting emotional over a required class book 😱😰
What's going down at Y-Not II? Y'all are there. (Did I use "y'all" correctly?)
Good Night Love You :)
Yeah, I can't really get into this webinar since the word "architected" appeared.
Reward super-fans. Engage them by mentioning them in comments, "Matt, weren't you just talking about this last week?"
Today has been one year since we put you down, but it seems like yesterday we just picked you up from the airport. I miss you casper.<3
Headed to in Tyson's for lunch. Always a food allergy friendly experience.
I got u..I'm feeling a cross between 'Dre Miller and Rip “: I know! Tht's my weakness! Help me out bro”
About to show up to half hollow hills High school (long island) east 20 year reunion. Should be intersting. will be there!
Merry Christmas To All My Tweets!
I guess my first business dinner was a good excuse to miss the #MetBall livestream. Must catch up!
I think Romney's pretty much secured his spot as GOP candidate. but he's better than Santorum, Palin, and Bachmann combined so...
from things I've read about things I like, not that smart!
There's snow! Definitely didn't think that would happen with how the weather was last week
Night jus got ruined by someone that calls me their brother oh the fuckery is on point........
I just coughed so hard that I think I blew out my gooch.
my throat hurts :( ugh
$52 to fill up my gas tank tonight. Another reason why I love walking everywhere.
#success is a great place to start!
slow egg is making me hungry!
I will be sure to check out Thanks for the tip!
Create a landing page to capture leads You'll want a landing page to capture your leads
Hahahaha love you boo:)
I'm about to throw a dictionary at your face ! #Wtf ?
no worries :-). I forgot you mentioned you were going out there
I was like ahh fuck no... Then he spoke and I was like All the Awards Mr. Wesley flawless
Good morning New York!
Ben Sliker is a genius. Spent yesterday working on the blocking for ROM the feature. The set he's created in his own apartment is insane.
you'll see ;)
nah ah your just horrible at guessing!!:) lol
Thank you much to all on my panel- it was truly fascinating stuff. Keep in touch!
I need that new cartel in my email!!!
Lol! I love it!
Do you have Merrell Barefoot shoes? I'm thinking of getting them and maybe start barefoot running. Any knowledge?
Mr True. I knew you from another time and place.
is this trending, #quinning ?
Facebook friends interested in higher education topics: follow me
RT if your bored!
I'm just a holy fool, and baby he's so cruel, but i'm still in love with , baby.
Some tough calls went against the Mavs. They deserved a split, OKC got lucky.
Me no like boys that ain't jumbo.
do you really?? can we meetup tomorrow?
I hope so too
Watching say yes to the dress. Too bad I won't ever have experiences like this. -.-
I feel so loved. I think I'm approaching 400 as well o.0
nice decision on the IDA thing.
is it Finn
still might be more productive than Turiaf Wade n Pittman
Been there done that, lol twice within two days count yourself lucky ha
Goodmorning :) Gonna start getting ready for playlist soon!!!!
that's good and a Blessing! Good morning
Like some clap on lights in this bitch, Ima be clapping all night in this bitch!
just come, their really nice especially Kristel. She's cool. :)
(And you an trust me. I'm an editor.)
You know it - let's probe!!
so excited about your project! Looking forward to RTing you about it. :)
What helps you get your mind into the dancing zone?
Spoke with police reps and they said increased presence b/c of juveniles, no arrests so far.
good day? Here? You must have been on meth.
celebrity spouses launched its public side. www.celebrityspouses.net
#GirlsWithNoAss usually have bigger boobs ! just saying
"Stone in a Sling-A Soldier's Journey," is now available at the Faith Assembly book store. -SaM
thanks for the encouragement! inspiring is what I shoot for...better than just having catchy songs! :)
about to search for something fresh for the new album i'm working on
That tweet would be much, much funnier if I were not seeing that general sentiment on my feed as we speak.
Kyle Korver is going crazy! is Bulls a better team without Derrick Rose??
Photo Enforcement on Oracle btw Wetmore & Prince. Watch your speeds out there! Whose ready for Halloween? Call 520-798-1111 for a ride home!
Where the fuck is my parents!!!!!!!
yup, if somebody'd get their butt back to Nashville they coulda joined me!
Don't seek what you don't need
Some of my favorite peeps
It's a morning.
International business week. Worl it!
lets try friday?
lol he did it to himself
~ I can even help you make money with coffee. www.millionsdrinkcoffee.com
If I could split myself into two people so everyone could be happy I would.
damn you're like two blocks from me. i just got home and am in bed already.
he guaranteed 8 titles. Has nothing to do with his rings.
Audio guy putting the last few touches on Rosehaven's new movie 'Fair Play'. It's looking good folks!!! Stay tuned for the release date
That's too sketch
Happy Birthday Sean #Toosh!
I'm teaching #Kyrgyzstan as my "ethnic violence" case study in class next week. May have to change the readings. Again.
thank you! She knows it... Lol
So...lemme get this straight #PhilMushnick. It's all Jay-Z's fault that you wrote that ignorant column today. Is that what you're saying?
By the way, went to a screening of my latest short film, The Skull Cup, recently. Turned out great. Will have new clips on my reel soon.
On a HOT webinar on how to step up social media a notch! On with Michelle Corteggiano, great info!!
Its been a while and a LOT has been going on. New blog soon to update you all. Thank you for your continued support!! <3
Love takes patience and faith, but it's worth the time. Definitely, worth every moment👌
A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of. -Jane Austen
Indeed. you have the power of superman and the form of a hot college girl. Also.. 9 days left! :)
You only popular cause you get around.
RememberMe! will help you #KeepInTouch with your #friends !!!
I sure am Buttercup !
im at swining door barhoppin with there is your roomate here but no you
Hi Robb! How can I apply to your castings? =)
April 2nd is the first day of the Golden Hill Farmers Market!
Would you drink 5 redbulls in one day?
u missed a bangin dinner dude.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.Winston Churchill
Danny Green has 13 points, Kawhi Leonard has 12. The Jazz shot 23.4 percent. The Spurs lead 53-28 at halftime.
If you still carry her bags, open the door for her, tell her shes beauitful and show her respect. You're a real man.
Got a headache
Thanks for the follow! Rachel, check out our website at TKGHeroes.com, we give 25% of our commission back to teachers!
cool! I love that dish!
His sorry ass wouldn't have made it, either. He needs to shut up.
the bowtie is large and in charge
On it! the tea plantation was gorgeous. Learned a lot about tea. Not organic though.
Happy Birthday lovely! :)
You're welcome...
Lebron FreeGuns for 80$ ? Don't mind if I do.
Yes! RT : everybody check out the homie live on air right now!!!! ---&gt;
Everyones felt alone at one point. But some more than others
We're glad to be your swanky office. Thanks for being here.
All I can do is be me, whoever that is!!!!
Also sidetracked by Karen Carpenter Wikipedia page.
I'm in shape ... round's a shape, isn't it?'
suck my pen.
Could this day get better....nope
Want the most #healthy #bread ever? Then check out our site (it needs work, we know)
"Death Comes to Pemberley"
Check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com, we have toys and games for every age!
Was that a flop by Marchand?
There is a new oportunity for the GIS developers to sell their ideas
#gymgrind then getting into character
same here just saying what's up girl
when I'm in Boston . I'm in Neponset lets put it that way. Don't act like you were looking for me. Lol
gross gross gross!!! i had getting hit on by drunk creepy red necks! and there obviously underage brother!
A new back to music sweeper is occupying #productionvault now
s/o to my new follower
I would be happy to help.
Walking to Lose Weight - Natural and Effective Weight Loss Method
aww, that looks fun! i miss that park.
Dying the blond out of underneath of my hair tonight.
Really feeling even if the feeling is sadness.For to really feel, is what life is about. And to share what it is that you feel,that is love.
Congratulations!! Always a good moment. :)
i love you lots
Sometimes I really miss Portland. Then when it's cloudy here for more than 10 minutes, I realize I really don't.
WOW!!! Congrats lady!
I am so ready for TGP
and I laughed our butts off, espcially at the Dowton Abbey references. Can't wait to see you in an old timey car!
Why do people always wanna have class outside? You get all sweaty and papers blow away.
stay #clean!
Haha I will do my best to make that dream come true...
Maybe so but EVERYONE deserves the opportunity to better themselves thru higher education. Not just the rich.
Bring your own mug or tumbler to Starbucks or Caribou Coffee this Sunday (Earth Day) & get free coffee. No coupon needed. via
Dude barely Wednesday? Can this week go by any slower /:
“: You disrespectful son of a bitch. You are done. Ghetto piece of shit” 😱😱😱
No. It won't. The rejections do pile up and you run out of space in your home eventually. But it's all good.
my bad,
i was planning on doing hw tonight... oops
Forum this morning plain dealer talking about strong CLE mktg & ad firms
apparently i shouldnt be aloud to walk drunk. i really do feel bad about the table. Im pumped noone saw it go down except mike
That sounds great. Will do!
See Harden be pullin that ole #Tricky get under ya skin type stuff.
“: was just seen at the #Grammys.” LOL:)
So uncomfortably HOT
Lot on the mind
I'm trying bro
How do I apply for grants for my non-profit 501 C 3 community group to promote culture, heritage, etc.?
my moms been asleep all day, cool beans(:
Watching Keeping Up With The Kardashian's ;)
Gunna sleep mad god
exactly. just think what our society would look like if more people actually read. could be almost sane and pleasant!
We used to tuck our arms into our shirt and put our knees in a big pair of shoes and do the Macarena looking like midgets.
thanks for RT!
Feel pretty good about that call back
Yep. And yeah… as soon as we know you will know!
#imthekindofperson who's very easy to get along with n liked by many just don't push the wrong buttons...**aww snap he pushed the button!**
Work work work!
C'mon Senator Barbra Boxer(D)...your election is coming up and its time to see if you have the backing to get re-elected...I THINK NOT!!
I am unsure if Britain loves Pavement or not from a late-night sing-along of Cut Your Hair, but here's to hoping.
I still miss the station! I need to start streaming the WFIU feed from afar, obviously. :)
Everybody lies
Just heard from a buddy got a ticket for the cubs/sox series! Woo hoo! Like a kid in a candy store!
Agree RT : Pet peeve: bar stools where there's no foot rest attached to the counter
Are you a recent graduate looking to start your post-college career? TRAK Records and Library is looking for a motivated, teamwork-orient…
I don't either but anything is possible with Lisette
On Stage at Trumpets, Trumpeter Ted Curson, guitarist Paul Abler. & singer Yashmin Charet.
wouldn't it be nice if...it was #summer already!!
almost to my 5,000 tweet ^-^
Google Cultural Institute to help museums of all sizes digitize collections for public access online nyti.ms/vSBH3t
Bowen: 3 keys vs. Pats Eagletarian: Les Bowen of the Daily News talks about three keys for the Eagles to follow in order to beat the Patr
Do you think expansion will water down ACC hockey? Pitt and Syracuse were both undefeated this year, so probably not.
You make me happy when skies are grey.
Hi! :) Plz excuse delay in~responding!~Hv been slammed!|#Co2/#AGW Is~a~hoax~not founded on real science.|PlzSeeNextTweetAVideo
Oregon Gov. John Kitzhaber waltzes through the first 16 months in office but the hard part is ahead
Excited for PHAME Music Director show tonight, 8 pm at Tony Starlight's, NE 38th and Sandy Blvd, hope to see you there!
thanks so much!
I will be there in about 3 months. Gotta wrap up stuff here. I can't wait I miss Georgia something awful. Have a great day:))))
Wake up wake up! Let's go!
these days we booked & we busy.
All I care bot rt nw is how annoying u r
#Quote for today: “There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met.” ~William Butler Yeats
agreed! Hv to fight urge to over explain
haha okay, well we can go then! I'll let you know when we're on the way over
I don't see how ppl can have big ass dogs especially more than 1
I am SO sad that I have to miss the concert tonight!! :(
OMG!! LLW VIDEO!! Some austin jones guy is promoting HIS song,"take my hand" It's nick priest all over again!!
Man this day is flying..
BREAD TIP: U can put ur bread in the fridge to make it last longer vs. spoiling! Can even put bread in the freezer! (:
SAT word of the day: ephemeral (adj.) short-lived, fleeting
Run on banks and if done unexpectedly, Greece could find itself unable to do x-border transactions
he does have great hair!
Thanks for the shout out and inspiration today. Hope the tacos did your tummy well.
...My hashtagging is awful. However... I think #TalkTwitterToMe needs to trend!
Tebow's a rolling...time for the to pull big ben for Charlie Batch?
I'm here ... on my personal account -- not the Focus acct.
Successful yard sale! In that we had no stuff left afterwards... because we took it all directly to a donation center.
Great meeting you last night!
r there any FM stations in Louisville that carry UK games?
Flex seal Is liquid redneck lol
Damn we lost that one #moneyball #oscars I think these guys are high off something
you guys have come to far i'm soo proud of you guys follow?
“: I want to drive to brookly to see right now!!!!” do it!!!!!
Neil Patrick Harris is in Starship Troopers? Holy hell. Low point in his career.
God made u special and he loves u very much
I miss you and all the other SMPS peeps too! Sounds like a good conference. Break a leg tomorrow!
couple days off then the women's final four at #pepsicenter on sunday and tuesday with
Ate their in summer. Awesome. RT : Just had my first sandwich at Rich flavor, juicy meat, awesome ingredients
Awww, I always wanted to be a mom.:,D but ima be a strict as mean mom though. >___>
#EI2011 Disposition is more important than position. Emotional Intelligence for Successful Schools
If you followed or RT my life will be more than complete! (: I love you!
I was wondering the same thing... Lol
anyone have suggestions on how to fall asleep fast?
hahahahhaahhahaha. Signs of a good night when your voice is gone.....goin in!
Dear , try to get in sync with your viewers' calendar (NYE was 5 months ago)
is making things happen.
Attack of the show(:
ice cream!
First day of recording went swimmingly. Four tracks done, moving on shortly
....chill out you two
Lets flood it. RT BREAKING: Punxsutawney Phil had better be hiding pretty deep in that hole of his.
Looking forward to April 29th!
Thank you, Terry! Your Camp Ladybug For Women sounds like a wonderful organization.
The Reunion Tour is on!
when are you going to dance back in Wisconsin again???
Almost just took out a biker while opening my car door...
I love being one of the five kids that came to school
Post a picture on our Facebook of YOUR favorite t shirt and you could be selected to win a $50 Gift Certificate to our site!
When you get a tan line on your feet from your Toms&legs from your soccer socks
so what you're really saying is that you need another iPad2 ... :D
Colts Appreciation day in NFLX! Get $5 off if wear your Colts Jersey. 118,000 ppl in NFLX so far!
Just starting Amartya Sen's Development As Freedom
Going to fung shui my room now! Let's see what happens.
WARNING! Do NOT pay more for: Flight, Hotel, Cruise, Car-Rental, Vacation...then You have to. Go to: www.FreeXpedia.com & get it for LESS!
my dad is the bargain hunter in my house. I've experienced tesco value toilet paper.
great idea! Bagels perhaps?
Today's SalesTouch install: Carillon Southlake outside Dallas; gorgeous info center looking to engage visitors to this masterplan community!
Relationships that are meant to be will. And the ones that aren't I won't try to hold on to anymore...
U niggas trip me out lmao
Happy and tired hehe RT "Exercise gives you endorphins. Endorphins make you Happy." ;D
Do not get on 205 south. I repeat. Save your sanity and do not take 205 south.
yo man hook me up with yhur sister
I don't mind the number, but requiring an upper case character in a password is awful.
Rise & Grind! Make it a great and healthy day.
Attorneys are unfortunately often too overwhelmed with tasks that have looming deadlines.
Did someone ask you if you were a lesbian? I heard some things.
Craving for some Chinese food.
you listen to country?
Im not neccessarily Ugly but im not Pretty either like idk how do Describe it.
sorry I had to miss your shindig last night!! Work sucks. But you're still in the city...?
Making a new song to fit the meaniing party haha
It's gonna be on like Donkey Kong this sunday!
I'm gonna ask for you, lol wait!
Finally, help arrives!--new page update today
When titanic 3D comes out ima go see it alone xp
Hehe I have 41 followers thanks so much <3
DJ 12 Tribe spinning Hip Hop, Top 40,Reggae and RnB Tonight at One Up Elevated Lounge
yes, the Adress is 1650 Schrader Blvd and the entrance is in the back through the Wilcox Parking lot.
Fat girls should be waitresses not strippers, it's more up their ally.
i just wanna ride in my ride with the top down
The work we do takes a lot out of me as it is demanding & intense. I am often very tired. Please help us by informing others of our work.
Finals week= my national championship game
way to not say it back </3
"Platforms.. feet pedicured with no corns....you got that butterlove
Lights out for any BAY AREA competition! Still pending: : Waiting on a trophy frm both this year!
": Prop bet: $200 that I CAN'T stand on one leg for 1/2 hour.... BOOKED! Wish me luck" Did you make it?
Lunch is my favorite time of day!
Setting up March Madness brackets via requests already....three weeks away!
yeah, but what's the round trip cost?
Oh Really? Well he is doing a great job acting the part.
Rodin: city dwellers are happier, healthier and better for environment than sub/exurbanites who churn carbon into the atmosphere
I got to get that song as my alarm clock hahaaaa
that's what I'm talking about.
Crisp walks, new blooms, playmates at dog parks, tougher stomach = being a dog walker & Zoo Kpr Aide - I see variety & plethora of poop:-p
“Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul and sings the tune without the words and never stops at all.” Emily Dickinson
Happy Sunday, twitterpeeps! Catching up on Meet the Press, shall we see what dumb bs the renutlicans come up with today?
Looking for 1000 strong entrepreneurs to Beta my #statup for startups! www.bizcocoon.com
bartender is giving me free drinks so clearly you should have come out. I'm just gonna antagonize you about this. Deal with it
Dang...i got a lot of following back to do...Dont worry my followers i got yall!..lol
Stalking librarians.
Just watched a #DC cop herd a bunch of pedestrians to the sidewalk to ticket for jaywalking. Hm.
make out and dry hump session
dude bring me some of those, They look legit
Spain drops Saudi prince rape case
How many of you voted today?
Richest Nation Status: that w/ the best weather, most plentiful & delicious food, most beautiful women
God loves turning our "why" into "why not". He knows all things.Trust him.
Unlocked my knee brace!
Whose still up?
Seeing yourself as you want to be is the key to personal growth. -Unknown Author
Nobody wants him! #Suckers Trade Bosh
Lazy day
Pop show tonight!!!!!
i dont see any thing from u in direct messages?
what's poppin??
please share the directions. Those sound AmaZing!
Spent some time at the Pedal Pgh event, got to chat with Scott from , learned more about the plans for a more bike-friendly city.
Fabolous got off on the House Party remix tho
Heading Back Into the Studio Now After Rockin' all Weekend.
this health paper = waste of time
I don't think Marchand's clip is worthy of game misconduct when Salo gets injured in post-game handshakes
S/O to on a amazing coaching career !
First crisis of the morning averted. I *do* have half and half.
did these lawyers actually pass the bar?
Yes! Golden Age #GeekTrivia win! DM me a new question.
yall are hilarious, told u, u wld be addicted
Only 3 days left to get in on the action at www.PortlandBoatTours.com otherwise you'll have to wait until the official launch.
Happy Birthday! :0)
That awkward moment when it's Monday but you still smell like booze and hooker sex
My favorite part of that Tweet is the Minnesotan who responded.
Big momentum alert RARS is in play
can't find my dance shoes or yoga pants....
just seen bad teacher funny as hell didnt think it would be so funny. go watch it
It's a new day! Make it a good one!
Wishing the & had a game at #CoorsField today...can't wait for #SundayAfternoonBaseball!
Philly folks, look in the sky, there is a helicopter just chillin in the sky. how is that possible?
If I had a #KeurigVue Brewer I would name it: King Keurig, Ruler of Caffeine!
how about today
Slacker til my phone cut off
living the dream right there
Our artist lineup is growing be sure to check in on the new artists that are working with Poised Creation.
What a perfect week to move to the UES MT I'll be at Barnes & Noble on the Upper East Side tonight talking with !
“: I will dream of owning a club” And I will dream of going to your club,
#FF to our new design allies!
Hey i love you so much! <33 Would you be my first folower? :$
Life is about showing people you are born to be somebody.. Life : no one promised life would be easy they just promised it be worth it.
Getting paid to ride the escalator.
i miss you!! Hope college is goin god I'll come visit ya in ruby tuesdays sometime
WAIT!! CAN YOU PLEASE WISH A HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEFORE YOU GO TO SLEEP?! PLEASE!!<3
Ran into 's mama after his show on ACL stage. She'd been crying. Adorable. #proudmama #boiserepresent!
is anti-imflammatoryand antiseptic, pat a dot of clay mask or raw honey acts like( an antibacterial) onto the blemish to help it heal .
no no I see how it is. was the competition ALL along lol you can have him :p eat your strawberry ice cream :p
horrible. RT BREAKING NEWS: Reports: Body found in reservoir is that of missing BC student Franco Garcia, his family says
Most manufacturers change their promotions frequently
Pepperoni no doubt.
guess we'll see what happens next week (in cville we got both on Sunday)
I haven't seen any. I just found about that via a closed FB group for women tech people.
Can't wait for it to open.
So you just now following me huh smh. I thought we were better than that man lol
I call everybody Love. No i am not flirting with you...
don't do it. They're never quite right. I had one that never really warmed up to people. Then she started spraying - had to go
#FF our 5 newest followers: 1 more = 500th - who will it be?!?
play hooky today!!
no way chuck and blair forever <3
Only 8 something and I'm exhausted. Better rest up before I go out.
That's a bold offer.
i effin love you
But WAIT, there's MORE.... Billy Mays dead at age 50! Who's next? It's really strange he was on that US Air flight w/ hard landing Saturday
From Bad News by Edward St. Aubyn:"How could he think his way out of the problem when the problem was the way he thought."
Just bc u meet a guys parents it doesnt necessarily meAn hes serious about you.
saw you live in columbus man..need to talk some business with you
Not gonna see some of the seniors ever again, for most of them that's a good thing, for few of them it's very sad! Don't go
ESPN Classic is showing Game 163 on TV right now. I'm going to cry.
nose :s
Two library-related questions today from Facebook friends in other states. Can I add these to our reference stats?
Feeling all nostalgic and watching the Season 2 finale of #Buffy! Love Joss Whedon!!!!
did u get #COD #MW2 early when it released last year??
It's me joshmeatsix This was a bad idea Altpress...i'm English and feeling cheeky. Lets sta by saying Happy Valentines Day, fake holiday
We have so many greater issues than women choosing to use birth control. Why not promote education and be proactive. Just ban things.
Wait until Charlie Sheen gets his tiger blood boiling
Thanks for following! Love to talk more to you about your ministry..
Mee Too,but i was ova gramma house last nite but you was ova yo gramma house so i stayed at home
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit. -Napoleon Hill
you may have to tweet your talk
Line Please v1.0.1 is on its way to the app store with some iOS 5 fixes :)
ice cream sandwich yet?
I only take Friday evening meetings if they are with good people over good beers. Thanks for satisfying both criteria tonight.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger stand a little taller
Fingerprints like an album! "Every record that you do man, is so different in every way." - Jerry Cantrell
: and I think that the June tweetup should be on careers/interviewing... And happy to help! :)
Squashy or Squish.....yea thats his new name!!!!
Thankyou for running the #HoleInTheDesert news! We will keep you up to date.
i would be wrong if hacked their Twitter...but i didn't. just doesn't use Twitter. not my fault
This has gotten depressing RT #Nuggets trying to win two games in a row for the first time since 4-game streak Feb 29 - Mar 5
Only when used in a declaratory way. Used as a descriptor of ones feeling, the word takes on a deeper meaning of personal desire
I  Cheese. And math homework. -_-
holy fuck, I can't wait x)
had a great time at #uxcampdc on Saturday - great chatting with other #ux enthusiasts and sharing the magic of axure! cc:
Heck yeah we said 'woot'! Why, should we not have? Has it become internet passe?
the way men have wives
To everyone who I talk to this week who says we can deal with it in the new year; I am working next week so we can deal with it right away.
B/c you are every night at 3am. And hopefully I just woke you up with my SANGIN. RT : Why am I awake
Golden girls 24 hour marathon on hallmark!!! Ka-Ching!!!
FORGET MAGGIE. Lol we're gonna go. (:
June 2nd = SUMMER KICKOFF JAM. Who wants to help?
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?^.^ please???1
Statist literally just blew out the bass. Or else he's punking us for an epic drop.
3 day weekend YAY! Going to spend most of it prepping for my move next weekend. Looking forward to moving, not to the act of moving itself.
Tours tours tours!!!
cant wait either I love you!!
Holy freaking crap I'm so tired ;____; working is HARD!
I feel that way about clumpable kitty litter. Pure genius.
Info session for the Documentary Experience in London this summer-Wednesday @ 5pm in UCC 3100. Don't miss this hands-on film experience!
i'm sure we will find a way to incorporate a bromance. Don't hate
Chip craving? Kick it to the curb w/ air-popped popcorn- 100 cal/3 cups! Don't you feel better?
Im inna "black power" type mood today... I just might watch roots and listen to watch the throne
Saying u got a man? What u telling me for? Its just dat certain ish dat u gotta be on. Im so Player
Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren't included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
Thanks for giving us a shot! :)
more donkeys kill people than plane crashes. Some bad asses there.
awww. That was very nice of you to say. Not sure what I did to deserve your complement.
graduation is taking forever lol...but family time is always good
Hang On Sloopy! New Orleans
You almost feel ashamed, that someone can be that important.. That without them you feel like nothing..
While in Chicago, I tried scouting the Man of Steel set. No luck.
Lets Go Clippers!!!
You're very welcome... :)
Wants to see you again so bad it's her first time coming to the United states and it would make her day if she could see you
When is our next pick?
Sometimes I wish I were a woman so I could look at pictures of women in bikinis without being totally mortified. But not often.
we appreciate your donation
If I had someone to rant to I would, sorry twitter.
RT : We give our highest volunteer service award to San Antonio native Gus Cardenas, head of Texas' & former AARP TX pres.
Bloop I'm a dork:)
Plans! Plans! Plans! #SoMuchToDo!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow i believe in the boys mind Florida does not need a signing :(
Lil sis goes hard RT : Happy St. Patrick's Day!! Rochester for the day...then let the beer consumption begin!!
Had THAT kind of day.....goodnight friends.
Go on in 30 min go 2 radioschool .com Arlington location finna kill it baby
that for a near 75$ an hour!
#SkilledInEveryPosition ;P -NIKE
Teacher say "wat are you gone do if you dnt pass highschool I said get a 8 ball & A Heat
What can we unlearn from the past?
Ok, Twitter, I need ideas on where I can get a custom coloring book printed. Thoughts?
MT : A4: Branding/connecting with ethnic identity ie Little Italy or Chinatown still seems very powerful promo
Same here RT Twitter for iPhone replies #fail - anyone else?
#KnowThySelf RT : Sometimes, “I’m single” means “I’m drama free, less stressed, and I refuse to settle for less”
No tears no shade is my motto
Dude same here. That's why i hate b days:/
Egging on Twitter for the first time. Delightful!
lls something slight bro
It may just be the last day of classes, but semester is far from over.
Hey lush, have fun, its the weekend
Come on Fuck no! What will happen to the wwe with an idiot for a general manager! Eve had to get in the way! bitch!Sorry I'm pissed off now
KTD is delighted to announce a new client: Paulist Evangelization Ministries. KTD has been awarded sixteen unique projects.
Truth. Congratulations. RT : Never thought I'd derive so much pleasure from watching somebody else eat and sleep.
sad sad day
True. :P
Hi Venetta! Hows the new job? Hope all is well. Miss ya! :-)
Hey Hey hey..how are you ....and hi to everyone else in
how cool is that? One of our event objectives was to reach a Hasselhoff level of awesomeness. Thrilled you're coming.
I'm going to Scottsdale. The Le cordon bleu college of culinary arts.
It was Obama, he did it! “: Guess somebody stole my sleep. I can't find it”
Healthy breakfast and two full glasses of water! How is your morning?
We love all things Mexican, too! :)
soy de San Antonio
Hi Todd-I'd like to add your blog to my RSS but can't find a a button for that on your site? Is that an option? Thx!
it makes for a more pleasant environment when irc channels disallow cursing.. but where else am i supposed to vent?
RT : #FF Great chatting this week!
I know , right? suspenseful, and you don't know what to expect
All this #KU gear and talk is making me nauseas!
ASKALEX, wanna follow your best friend's bed? ;)
I'm saying of my experience it was a choice for me...but its like I know its wrong but still I didn't wuna believe it
We've got a girl headed to Spain! Are there any craft beers she should be on the lookout for or should she stick to wine?!
Great job this morning , Hope to see on tv more often. :)
Either my wife just had a successful "pain management injection" her spine/neck or she's an Invader from Mars. Possibly both.
love u too boo
it is
I'm madly in anger with you....
Everytime you don't come to the El Cid in LA this wednesday, 8/10 for my CD release party, a lil' kitten cries. Fact. Info at johnbobek.com.
Joe Suarez of tells students about ua brand strategy. About performance and training personality.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.
It's 101 degrees in Vegas, & I'm packing for Syracuse where there is snow on the ground.
Nobody was saying that last year when Memphis swept them.
; I say instead of the "Football Finals" t-shirt, we wear the State Basketball champs shirt. It'll be better.
my email is ONEVSMANY -at- GMAIL -dot- COM
Seriously craving mac and cheese, out of nowhere. At least now I know what we're having for dinner.
At private colleges, tuition rose 4.4 percent; when will it stop ?
No one dies a virgin, Life screws us all.
and thank you!
Thanks for your RT We had a great lunch. I also want to say that you have a fabulous kid's menu.
Peanut Butter Jelly Sandwich <3
do you work with an organization in baltimore where young people lead/mentor other young people if so let me know?
I'm going to load Minutes 3 right now. Did you see the first 2?
Just finished holding the Open Call today for a feature horror film. Thanks to all who came for the auditions!
Money can buy a cross, but not forgiveness.,
Companies in the aerospace and defense industry are in the perfect position for a M&A boom,according to Deloitte report....
Just a few more days until I can dive back into fabric...I'm thinking of low-rider inspired swimsuits, summer dresses, and pin up jumpers
Thanks. I guess I'll have to wait a bit to check it out.
lmao girls is to funny hope have fun wit that page nisha : ))))
get shot?!? really gabby? :)
Cool #Samsung commercial. Liked the song incorporation best though
Your so vain, you probably think this tweet is about you.
Trying to tease out one cool feature of CSS3 for a work-related blog post. So many choices…
why n the hell do u say all i do is complain when you in someone elses house yellin,cussin,complainin bitch STFU dont fuckin do me HEFFA
- meetings would be more fun if the notes were interspersed with tweckling.
Reminder, your leads to the police are essential, but be sure it's not a wild rumor, and that it's based on accurate information. -Steve
Good night work in the am
Current weather in Orlando 73°F · (°C) Wind: 10 mph SSW Humidity: 88% High chance of Rain DONT FORGET YOUR UMBRELLA!
Excited to announce our latest new client Marvin Wealth Management -- we'll be building the firm's messaging, PR strategy and web site.
In my head with my heart
I think I only only count two Stefans that i'm close to. But I have like five close Damon friends O_o
She so special
Off to go teach some women parkour!
I love bad hygiene
I hate being gay.
i'll see it 1 min
RT : Read and eat well interesting food book revised edition now available
those eggs are commin ou pretty gud! Mine come out pretty crappy:):)
hope you enjoy your visit to Chicago! Wish I could hear you speak but will just have to wait for
a) Go to an estate sale: look up Patterson in Nashville. b) flea market is this weekend! Check it out at the fairgrounds.
Focus Group, Manhattan, Monday April 9th. Looking for cellphone owners, males & females: 18- 30. $85 for 1 ½ hours
Did you guys toil over whether or not to support unit stacks and heroes? I miss Master of Magic... bugs and all.
#ThingsStalkersDo sit outside your house, watching your door.....
“: S/o to for throwin a no hitter #ace”. Yeah, kid! Proud!
RT : Amazing but true fact: Mo Rivera came off DL 9 yrs ago today, he's never gone back on. Durability central to genius.
I'm with & my cousin Carlishaw where u at
I don't know how you people go so many days. #SXSW 2012, I'm out.
Id love that! I'm @ Flappers Comedy club on the 20th opening for RT lol I want to come see U perform! Where do U be at?
escorted to stage last year at the 3pm mark. #timeforanupdate?
#AGirlDeserves a dude who can trust
Comes in battle ship grey, no ribs (girls are smooth), EPIC accessories work on it.
Thank you for the RT (and the compliment)! :-)
...or to be heard
Everything is temporary.
Kim Jongin is flawless. And his dancing is attractive as fuck. Fuuuck. Seriously.
Fill in the blank: I ______________ on a sunny day in
at a bat mitzvah and they joked jb was there and everyine turned to luck except me...i eas hoping for
She ratchet.
Lower back: lower back pain when bowing face down
#FollowReader I spent last weekend in Baltimore with (doing a book club) and can't wait to hang @ Club Read!
The fish, now that was a night!! Is Adam on here? Is Adam even alive still?
Today 1970: Bud Selig-led ownership group acquires the Seattle Pilots franchise and moves it to Milwaukee in time for opening day on April 7
Believe it bro RT : I still can't believe how good Danny Green is.
Why are there interstates in Hawaii?
amen to that.
I hate the c word lmao i just think it sounds so disgusting when people say it...
Doing some first aid training. Fun stuff...
Slowly shoving the plunger down in the French press is oddly satisfying.
proton pack sporting ghostbuster here too. Several transformers, 1 Thor, 1 Cap America. None of spiderman!
The top desk is a prototype ($9 shelf from Menards). Thinking I can make it a small filing cabinet + inbox to move aside when sitting.
can't wait to hear the disc!!
With Cleveland out of the NBA playoffs, the media can (and will) now focus on trying to convince Lebron James to sign with the Knicks.
I thought it sounded familiar... couldn't place it.
Dear teenager, if u skip school u don't get to come & hang out @ the library, chilling on FB. I don't care where u go but u can't stay here.
HUGE SHOUTOUT TO !!!! I LOVE HIM HE IS AMAZING! PLEASE FOLLOW HIM!!!! I LOVE YOU BABE, YOU HAVE 1,000% SWAG!!!! YOUR MY LOVE
Oh another for #Peyton Manning #peytonpitch two words plus ball travel bettrt in thin air
Just driving then a flock of turkeys trots across the road. Can't beat being home.
I hope so it all starts tonight. I think stars step it up
My grandma is back in town now
ha. And why is that?
RT RT : Finally the snow came for the SENIORS!
Describe the limitations of youtube 5 years ago. Now tell us what it will look like in 2016?
2 more rooms to clean..and then some laundry.
No problem and thank you. I'll be applying myself.
eat dinner then pussy. Because that's how we roll.
Watch Dr. Lori Mosca tonight (Monday) on the NBC Nightly News, discussing inflammation's role & disease w/ Dr. Nancy Snyderman. Get CloSYS.
well yea cause you gotta look good, duh! :P
Amazon Marketplace buyer received the DVD on Friday and wants to return it on Monday. Really? Really? Do I look like a free Netflix?
The best no Comparrison,
looks delicious. tell Dea I said "happy birthday."
When is it appropriate to use "Tom Cruise" as a verb?
You should be treating your volunteers like prospective major donors -
You're welcome & SALUTE!!! :)
Honestly I have to say I've never seen hate to ANY of the boys girlfriends or "rumored" girlfriends …i guess i follow nice people !
SB 576 featured in Charters and Choice blog.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. Ralph Waldo Emerson
i didnt mean to ry- HERE IT IS! (:
excitement to sing That Boy is Mine with Monica was epic.
Beautiful clear sunny day in Seattle.
So full uhg
Glad Tip is out of jail but damn homie could you stay out of prison so i can hear some real music!!!! you're needed!!!
so happy for you Trenard!!!
:( uh why? Are you calling me a perv? Lollollol
NO. I'm still doinn it.
...only once you've seen it.
: Excellent job on the last night! Thanks for supporting #equality for all #people & speaking up about #bullying!
I've heard, that your dreams came true.
There you are! haha. After a while, it's hard to find my friends on my followers list. Hey, we have the same twitter names:)
Good start to #c4l10 in Asheville with brews and library geek conversation at Jack of the Wood with David B, Tod O, and Scott G.
let me know when you find out, I would like to do that too!
You ever get the sneaking suspicion that everybody wants to have sex with u?
Attendance (or retention) is a pretty low bar. Quality of the learning experience should be focus.
Kenan always ruin my fun tho ):
I am trying to contact you regarding your entry to Startup America. Please call Renee Williams/Amber Ross at Develop Indy 3178083232
Thanks so much for the love on iTunes.
Thanks for your tweet Hussein!
"We can’t solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them." - Albert Einstein
IM BORED AND I DIDNT GO TEW SCHOOL BTW
First penalty of the game against Fabhino results in a power play with 5:19 remaining in the half
← Joe Craft Center new facility! And More like wine and dine, plus a celebration!
Agreed, but disturbing.
drake was on 1 that night, so was everyone else
Thank you for the follow. I am now following U. Tweet me N E time. Tweeting Tweeters is AWESOME! God Bless U!
There's one person in the world who have helped me in my darkest hours thank you one day I can help with yours.
Also, when are you coming out here again, my friend?
Another great has left us too soon. RIP #MCA Adam Yauch You will be dearly missed.
Meech Dogg have a small amount of views on youtube HELP!!! us gain Meech more fans tell someone about Meech Dogg single JUICED UP...
It's always because of television. Way too late for us on the east coast (NYC), but in the UK kickoff must be 4am?
WRONG! The Backstreet Boys are the ULTIMATE boyband!
wait you guys go to SC LOL
thanks for following We tweet en espanol sometimes
Would rather play #WordsWithFriends than watch #golf. Does that make me a bad sports fan or just sane?
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. - Aristotle
I love that tweets his locations! I hope 1 day to bump into him in an airport or Outback. It'd be a dream come true!
GOD had a purpose before he ever had a person _Bishop Winans
This had to have been the best weekend of the year <3
i wish i would lose my appetite rather than have an infinite appetite when i stress out.
Hon I wish I could......FSW is not on the dish system here........darn
When making pozole with canned hominy, do I need to prep w/ slaked lime?
NC booking complete. Back to the grind!
Spurs look ready mane.. cmon clippers pull it together Cp3 only got 6pts
BS really don't assume me anymore u get so tired of hearing it I am like
FRIDAY 6-7 Don't miss Director #FredSayeg "The Encore of Tony Duran" "Indie Filmmaker" show Jasper Cole
Love should give one strength, not weakness.
Yes, she has not endorsed for another San Diego City Council race.
i guess.
TPS just helped a food safety training co. place an article in a food & drink pub on how often to train.
When I did come back though I took alot of sexist comments. Why? I don't know but people are just asses :)
Hahaha!!!! Its not you I am worried about, Ju!!! Lol
I'm blunt because I rolled myself this way.
Tired mission impossible
breaking news: mayor dave appears to have banged his knee on his desk, my thoughts are with him, but he seems to be taking it in stride
Forget about anything important going on in life, cuz it's time to start getting ready for Jets v Pats Round 2
Who could I talk to about catering?
Sumbody text my phone...Im bored as shit....
yep the guy who almost cut my hair it is his 2nd time coming after me w/ sissors 4 my har
Heading to Allentown, PA to speak at the NIKE Coach Of The Year Clinic tomorrow morning. Always great to talk football w fellow coaches.
follow me....i have tried SO hard to get you to notice me....plz!!!!
oh no hajahah I need to hear this voicemail
sounds about right. I'm Sam and Mike Richards is my bitch 🐺👊
You dont hafta have a gift for anything that you wanna do in life.If you focus an put yur mind to it you'll have it down b4 you even know it
That's pretty badass.
I'm up making a big breakfast! About to eat and go night night. This shooting schedule is killing me!!!!! Have a good day folks!
So can anyone explain to me the Kool & the Gang/Van Halen connection? It's an odd pairing
Yay! We're on the air for the first time right now! The Janita Poe Show, 1-855-POE-SHOW, 1-855-763-7469.
it is when u get an email saying that they got ur order and give u a series of numbers if a problem goes wrong with shippin
Why Wash. Heights is great: saw flyby of Space Shuttle piggybacked on 747 with military escort right past my window going to Intrepid
Have a GREAT day and remember: "Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict." ~ William…
RT #iqnite holistic sw escrow as use case for
Why is he holed up in an apartment. That's where I'm confused. Drugs? Gangs? A real bad case of the Mondays?
She is an entire world ... rich with insights, dreams, hopes, concerns, talents, visions, smiles, & laughter ... awaiting.
i was weak
-hits you-
I am very impressed!!!!
His nose is weird! I love Damon b/c he has that whole sexy bad boy thing but deep down he's a softie <3
At atomic with chicken fistin!
YAY for band practice.
Ohh shnapps. Just seen Napoleon Dynamite look alike haha
Spring Awakening ended a year ago today...and tomorrow I get to revisit it for the first time since tour. Couldn't be happier.
GREAT NEWS!! RT Don’t travel far for food. Visit FoodTruck! 1-3p Courtyard Marriott / 4-8p Google Lot
BREAKING NEWS I won a music contest and won a 10 song music album deal!!!!!
for bloggers reaching more people = more feedback or ad revenue. for people running networking groups- get more ppl involved?
My window is open and someone is smoking a blunt near.
that's how even small towns do it. Why can't a large city figure it out?
Hey, I have no regrets. Were the 999 lines! Were #omla!
I am beyond excited bout the new Zoom Waterproof Mascara at Mac Cosmetics!
She is so pretty
if anyone could do it, it would be you!
Person: Have the ICONic Boyz ever done anything to piss you off? Me: They wear clothes. -.- <3
I get to paint again today!!! Probably popping out some more FAST, Hard-Edged city-scapes... I LOVED painting the last ones!
Idk what else to do *shrugs*
Booted and suited this AM for - Tune into at 7:40
MPD-1D listserv says 12th/D NE robbery was "theft of a basketball involving juveniles" cc:
I'm going to do some MAL then we'll make that happen
good point
yes I'm new to the Twitter world! :D still getting acclimated..
“Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without” (Confucious)
why can't you?
I remember following Kayla back in 2010 when she was a Bieber account, lol.
I am writing a short story. Do you think it is possible to design a robotic nano factory that could build anything?
great time at the 2011 10k Rum Run benefiting Children's Cancer Association this weekend!
Thanks to however pulled the fire alarm during this thunderstorm.
Thanks, Dave!
Enjoying my day!
dont feel bad my husband lost me to a video game lmao :)
The sky is blue here, but I'm hearing rain. It's going to have to be a quick run.
finally the weather got better!!
Are you planning a ladies night this FRI/SAT or anytime soon? RT/Direct Message and we'll comp you a bottle of champagne :)
GUYS MY HAIR IS SO SOFT!
It's sad to think that you still hold me to who I was 2 years ago learn to let go. I've grown & maybe you should realize that!
Headed to CBS to finalize everything
Shout out to all my sexy ladies following ...
A few minutes before first pitch here at John Adams Middle School ... JM vs Century baseball updates coming up.
Deuteronomy 24:17 "Do not deprive the alien or the fatherless of justice, or take the cloak of the widow as a pledge."
Remember Tiger, the more you run from the truth, the more the media will chase you. If you made a mistake admit it. If not, this drags on
Thank you for your follows! Check us out on Facebook @ Wild West Veterinary Conference! TGIF
About time we solidified that D.
Haha annie called the popo on your asses!xD
You cute doe, You cute. c:
k, time to trim the rosebushes. this is the most winter we're going to get, and they're already sprouting new growth.
I'm the same way. In my spot too
I miss blogging and writing. I will soon get back to it, I made that promise to myself.
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
#poker quote of the night: Once you start thinking you have nothing left to learn, you have everything to learn. -- Steve Badget
Thanks 4 this
why do I get the feeling Cookie Monster rode the short bus to school with Animal...
Why didn't Hawes dunk that
I think it's rude when people choose karaoke songs that have an 8 minute guitar or drum solo in them. I get pissed just thinking about it.
You should always go with The wrath of God has nothing on the wrath of Dav.
"We often hide our true desire and call it maturity." -John Eldredge. Whoa. That is powerful, right there.
Are you excited to get your braces off Austin?!?! (:
I'm not even sure relationships exist anymore 😔
10% of snorers have sleep apnea; stop breathing up to 300 times a night; significantly increases the risk of suffering a heart attack
Happy Birthday! :)
Way to run a play Wisconsin.
fallin asleep on the phne with my love so gnite
Some people spend almost all of their money on drugs, alcohol, & cigarettes. They are addicted to all of that,& they are often troublesome.
Besides being broke, #unemployment is
Wish Carolina had taken a DT or CB but love making sure o line stays solid.
Greetings everyone.. I hope we all treat our guests from Illinois with respect this weekend
Cutting out 400 deer heads today. What was I thinking when I designed this card?
Brewing, Bottling, and watching the #Pens. It's a good day.
The weather is beautiful, it's my Friday and I just found out there will be food and a bar at this afternoon's event. Good work everyone.
Some guy waved his hands in the air like he just didn't care. So, I kicked him in the balls because I hate assholes.
Hi everyone and good morning :) I need lots of coffee. Hope you all have a good day xo
Modeling at Sony Online Entertainment (Playstation) today!
Thank you again for your advices and for following us back. Keep in touch.
I still feel all kind of out of wack.
It's good, you know, when you got a woman who is a friend of your mind
lol they are way over 140 characters
i want a tattoo so bad
I really live staring at your avi So adorable <3
i'm from Houston
I won't be caught testifying against a killer... If they want my word I need that Arab Money before and after and Five gas stations lol
Rock-climbing sounds like loads of fun!!
It isn't even fathomable how annoying you are.
Not only does CLT have the "fanciest" bathrooms around, but they also have a Pinkberry in Terminal D. Both reminded me of you. :)
I told them "this is one of the many reasons I didn't vote for the merge" I could tell she agreed with me. My bill is $450!
Up and grinding time to make the doughnutts......Fuego out
Pacers and Thunder going to be in the final
Who goes from Em & RiRi to the Piano Man on their iPod? This guy!
now I can't sleep bc of this headache...
Just had the brilliant idea of using jelly to flavor my oatmeal. I AM UNSTOPPABLE!
Love some during school <3
"#Mom I think NATO was started in fear. And when people are scared, things go downhill" says a 9yo HamSter.
Got a big job interview coming up? Need better interview skills? Come to SMGW's Employment Workshop today at 11 am at our NW Office!
i found it!!!
I miss the beaches there, the sunsets are magnificent!!!
I heard What Makes You Beautiful in Body Central yesterday!! People were looking at me because I was singing along lol
It's like 90degrees out here n this dude wearing to thick Ass black jackets pants!
Hey and Is it as one sided there as espns announcing?
So much to do... Can't even think about it... Just GO!
Tonight on #CraftInAmerica, woven textiles and story quilts by artists are explored. Featureing Wis. artist Terese Agnew. At 8PM on MPTV 10.
Hi ho, hi ho! Off to class I go!
Are your learners rewarded when they complete a course? (Next. Next. Done. Yay!) or are rewards based upon understanding?
Great my car battery died and I'm just now getting home from work it took almost an hour and a half to jump start it...
Well put the work in, then!
RIP Don Cornelius 😞
What up tho
Went to Starbucks and wanted to order then they said sorry we have no more ice . My heart literaally dropped ! ;(
