0mg can someone tweet me
I have no idea but, I love turtles too.
$8M guaranteed for Cotto, based on pay-per-view sales projections, prob closer to $10M.
Can you check to see if my follow button is broken? All you have to do is click on it(":
plus the other 3
Bout to beast it up on some mw3. Hmu
Hey! It's International Fanny Pack Day! Let's rock this!!!
M i think my ex thinks i still give a fuck about anything he has to say. I promise i don't mf.
(-) If you do, you will a) Have 2 projects instead of 1 to show for your work, and b) You will unburden your digital project.
Drew Brees is unnaturally cool. What a touch!
you could have fixed my tweet before you rt it
#InCollege Rapist wear Frat T-Shirts
RT : Sport drinks have nothin’ on green veggies. Spinach = vitamins A & C & iron. Kale = potassium. Broccoli = fiber. Green it up!
no, I've done 1 para and wrote a few lines in the 2nd, how much have you done? X
Released on Hoob label, which has some excellent albums lately. Also, free PopMotion track on AllAboutJazz, courtesy of Berg.
Trying to remember the last time I was as inebriated as I am and not home. Pretty sure I wasn't supposed to drive.
yes!! It's easy and fast to make and it's delicious!!!
I appreciated it before. I ate my words.
burts bees fluoridefree natural whitening toothpaste
Boy I gotta watch my back, cause I'm just not anybody
Yes. Telling Lies. You can find it on Amazon, paperback or ebook.
Im in the studio cooking so my team can be on the half time show. Was good
Mexico gets header on net, but straight at the keeper...
is almost done hanging his art ! We are very excited and you should be, too! Come by and check it out!
Courageous move by the Saints pays off after half.
#Giro 41.4‑41.0 Some nice aerial views of the compact little town of Montecchio
and last pro rant, I swear. I feel like I can't even watch #okcthunder games anymore cause I hate derek fisher. Like since 2001.
$405 and 2 days later and I have my laptop back. What do they do to folks who start these viruses? It's not enough!
speak the truth but don't leave out the toothfairy and true love
She came <3
I was more interested in the Windows notification in the picture ;-)
Nice! I've def had weekends like that. Enjoy!
haha of course it is. I get that a lot.
i really like this picture idk.
what if I'm moving to NYC this weekend? Should I practice my tandem umbrella/box holding now?
just pisses me off sometimes
Any donkey is a piñata if you like donkey meat enough.
Echo RT : Hey Not a bad week young fella! Looking forward to watching you in a couple of weeks in New York.
#livemusic Watching our friends My Other Friend at the Knitting Factory in Williamsburg. Art rock. Amazing.
Congrats to for finding a new home with Original Cleveland music Sunday and Wednesday nights.
you know #15 would say is going to hell!
PK sisterhood! :) And I have a feeling they will. She wants to be a Bubbe too badly. ;)
I'm out cub scouts.. i'll be in the studio writing g-rated rap songs if anyone needs me..
It's real aggravating to me when he acts this way, i think its really stupid actually.
AWESOME!! :) Still waiting for the snow to come. Did you have a good Xmas and NYs?
Put a smile on yo face cause it's a beautiful day!! Btw just had a fantastic workout!!
Fuck my life, my hair is so short now -.-
Knowing me as the person i truly am, is the fist step in becoming my fam
Seriously. What was his last even remotely passable film? TRAUMA... in '93? Even if you argue STENDHAL (which was tepid), that was '96.
Ironic that you tweeted 8s before me....
thank you so much for your help
u post your session notes anywhere?
Lost All My Contacts . Again -.-
WHO WANTS TO HERE SOME MUSIC? (;
Thanks again to everyone that came down to the Food Truck Smashup!!
is now on hiatus. Please follow for the latest in EG's mayoral campaign and volunteer opportunities.
“: Homebound today. What a blessing to be able to watch your message online! #centralkingman”
I think my multivitamin is missing irony.
I just finished a 2.24 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Yup. I did copy paste so I guess it's the same
surprised to hear a Jerry Harrison cover on #HeartofDixie and happy to see the song getting some love.
I've been lucky, only had to visit the doctor once since 2006. I should probably have a physical once I have real insurance.
Americans prefer Paris to London, unless they remain sufficiently long there to get over the fogs, which are stumbling-blocks to them.(1855)
Funny RT : Remember my role / in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off"? / That wasn't acting.
Thanks for the follow--how's GR?
all bad smh
really? A.hug!
Yo Mac your the best white Raper I know! Good shit with all those freestyles
Happy Pepero Day!!!
Rumor has it may be headed to your crib Sat nite. U gonna be around? Am I allowed to punch anyone wearing red & blue?
And drinking to excess with and
I like 's authentic, humorous voice, asking me to talk back & being a hardcore nerd.
Read 's full tweet. Labor Day + Obama backer Jay-Z + Philly = not about the music.
1st basketball game today:)
I tried to think of a tweet, but I was to busy thinking about food!
That's good. How's exposure going.? & I'm doing good I got a modeling gig sometime this month. :)
You good? RT : OH MY. I need to cool the fuck off right now.
Headed up north with my pops
let me get out first!
Partner David Cutshaw has recently shared several recent cases involving medical malpractice. Check out these hot topics...
I am very confident And excited, I hope to get a portfolio out soon. #yeeeee I got
RT : you must ain't see them Alexander McQueen joints they $315<---add some change I'm getting some pradas
If it wasn't obvious before, it's official now: #Coldplay has NO imagination for rhythm.
#dilemma! RT : fuck my lube at???
Thanks for RT!
DO WORK SON!
School tomorrow:/
That look like some Brooklyn chicks!! Lol
15 yrs, 32 weeks & 5 days ago I was rolling bagels at Bab's next to a very cute boy. 9 yrs ago today I married him. Today I am still smitten
Want to know more about aviation in ABQ? Come to our Departures Salon Series on 4/27 @ 5pm! Drinks, music and fun!
Opened my #WI property tax bill today. 10% increase. All the more reason to collect #recall signatures.
I love being a creative director but disdain being chief administrator. As CD I can partake more in business development. But, I'm blessed.
#GCB is definitely getting better. It's smart and funny. I should have never doubted the creators of Sex and the City. Shame on me.
Great! Will you have your presentations on Slideshare? Good luck 2morrow.
why is your bands name called Extreme Unicorns¿? Lol jw :]
look in sections 110, 126, 212, 225. In the craft beer kiosks! Cheers and enjoy the game!
Forbes Earnings Preview: Comcast - Forbes
Okay, where did Buck That come from and why have I never even heard of them before? This show is so good!
Sponsored by RT : Congrats to one of our players, Justin Chandler on making the TABC All-State basketball team!
I'm in need of some new friends!
Check us out at Facebook
LL Cool J looks absolutely sexy speaking different languages!!
great burger! It was as good a way to spend my dinner stipend as possible, for under $20.
I am over this.
If comes to MKE one more time and we dnt kick it... I swear I'm gonna bootleg his music.
Reply lol well fuck! I'm new :)
I love Talking to him(:
Thank you for adding me to your Klout list - nice to be part of your tribe! Have a great Easter!
Thank you!
Its 7 o'clock and I'm at my son's school
listening to "Who u pose to be" by lol u wildn on this one J!!
hey lil red
UCLA made it past the first round last night and co-director Nikos can't wait for the showdown with Villanova. Tonight we will see if Th ...
Hey Jeremy, thanks for following!
Watching Cow & Chicken.
hmm, my sister did a commercial with him for Peter Piper Pizza. BEFORE I was born, like a long time ago.
What is a good beginning resource to introduce online professional development communities?
Yea I can :D
u can't be something u already are lol
Just not considering now. Maybe a new superintendent would RT flat "no"...? i assume they think will get a better TV deal?
I hate the shit you do.. * voice*
You be surprised how many dark skin brothers and sisters who hate themselves and take it out on you. I know two of them, pathetic humans.
so lucky I wanna see again so bad
by Justin Bieber xD
#holyfuck I just realized what I want to do !
My mom said 12:45! And yooooo, tell the boys so we can go tmrw!!!!!! Lmao
you will always be the us champ :)
aw thanks! have you "liked" us on fbook yet?!
Today's the day that you are going to come in and try a new flavor, we can feel it!
Jennifer Garner's mouth bothers me
Jumping in the shower getting ready for work
it's exactly what i wanted! how did she knowww??
Flying Premier on Wed. First time with 180° flat beds :)
Better for you??????? RT : No, you call her! Better for me :p RT : Ohp. Nevermind :p
#Failedtwitcon --------> fake ass verified account lmaoooo!!!!
Put the bumpers down P! RT 125 first game. 102 second. I gotta pick that up !!
same im sick affff.
Pea green pesto = a reminder of spring on a chilly fall night.
shower, los loros, cubby...it's gonna be a night
GSHL 2A softball: Mark Morris 12, Hockinson 3. Amber Gilbert twirled a five-hitter and struck out four.
Starting to have a headache and feeling pretty sleepy. shall be glad when this commute is over with..
With 's first appearance this week, the next tweets are a list of first appearances on the
M, Zaxby's Wings, Rt if you know wats ^up^ !
Have you heard about ? Cool shop. RT I'm thankful for my bike.
The Bachelorette tonight. To watch or not to watch. That is the question.
Dominated my thermo test last week. 29 out of 30!
u already know!!!! gotta stay bobby fresh
Yes I'm in L.A. most of the time, sometimes I'm in Idyllwild.
birthday weekend<3
A good list, but very City-heavy, and just Rooney for Utd, who are the likely champions.
#dodgers need to bring in their outfield like the #Mets #morehomers for
“: up working on this crack! i will return like never b4”-- Blue Friday da shit....
her whole career is one, big, body touch
Getting prepared for in NYC September 22 - 23! Great to talk with
Good times with new people :)
You're unrecognizable, my friend! You wear the 'stache well!
At the house or at the office?! Didn't see any lightening in our neck of the woods.
If u Need Someone To Help I'll help u ,, If You Are Sad I'll Make u HaPPY ,, If u Are Boring I'll Make u Crazy ,,
Jus wakin up, bout to get ready for work. Still feel like crap
yeah lol :P
Who? Your Doctor?
Thank you so much Wendy!
I see, I think you accomodate both basic and power users though. Why not select if clicked, but active if using arrows?
great seeing you to.
Good morning (:
get ya game up assassin! Ya better than regular!! #extra-ordinary lol
Yeah, is he happy and all?
You guys sure know how to make a library feel good on a Monday.
I knew it...but I can't see into your in box. Hollaback a go!
are there gonna be any celebertys ?
I found my beach! and and #Corona... nice spot, guys! 👏
RT : GOOD MORNING! Can't wait for tryouts tonight @ Rollercade! Who's brave enough to come out? C'mon, it'll be fun! 7PM!
I didn't know they had one; done and done! Also done.
Katy Perry, here we come!
Are the 2012 cards in retail yet ? If not when will they be for sale ?
I'm officaly up for today, good morning world!
Having a busy but fun day off with my sweet hubbie!
oh i will enjoy the show. thank you SO much!
yup we have a Russian at work now(:
Who the fuck stole my hat
just hope she's ok. They r STILL there, just talked to the ron
Afternoon fun | 1 - Open Google Maps (directions), 2 - Type China as starting point 3 - Type Taiwan as destination, 4 - Read step 48
you are totally going to bring me an issue of when you visit, right?
cool, ty sir. which do you plan on buying
You too 😘 RT : Goodnight loves stay cute
I don't wanna spread a rumour.. but maybe a good friend? like I don't think they are dating.. but on the verge..? yah know?
when everybody said i'd never be any good again, it just made me push on (evonne goolagong)
With the weather changing, I'm not sure how many days I have left to ride my bike to work, but today was spectacular!
You're beautiful -Tyler (:
Schools can be dangerous places in that certain intelligences are promulgated and others are neglected. In my experience the whole person
i dont comprehend your tweet
yes, voluntary agreements between a buyer and seller. i'm saying right to work is reaction to previous, intrusive legislation.
Happy Birthday:)!
stupid people in my life
Do you think the holodeck (like in star trek) is a realistic possibility??
We have a natural right to make use of our pens as of our tongue, at our peril, risk and hazard. Voltaire
That moment you become the model during the shoot you were hired as MUA for ..
April sun really helps.
You are so beautiful!! I wish I was as pretty as you!(: Please don't ever change. #StayClassy 
CAN I JOIN IN THIS CONVO?! Hows the recording going!xx
Lol!!! That's hilarious!!!
"be the master of your field"
Subway for Dinner! #yee :D
OMG. sounds amazing :)
seeing it in person is such a tease.
I hope y'all got pics!
so a sugarless birthday cake on Tuesday? Yuck.
What does do when she's been banned from e-mail? Produces twice the Twitter output
rent! Not even thinking about buying right now.
That was a tough puck to block. That series made history and was crazy! There's always next season.
Are the leftovers calling your name? RT : Well the pizza in the fridge might make me go get it
Pour some sugar on it. It'll hide the tang.
At Opening night of Clybourne Park on Broadway! Freaking amazing!!!
If they could only purge the trolls too. RT : New York State Attorney General Announces Purge of Sex Offenders From Online...
Been letting my cauliflower plant mature this winter. Ive never grown this plant for seed before. Its now almost 1 year old!
#Np ☞☞ Pandora ...bout to fall asleep!
you hittin up any Soulive shows this week?
Morning though! 💋
I haven't listened to #Zappa for years. I like in Joe's Garage that the actual song they are playing is a kind of audio cartoon.
HAPPY EASTER AND HAPPY PASSOVER!!!
Pat Casey on NW Sports Tonight talking about his 2012 squad
I don't get it. First Vlad now this? These are overpriced vets past their prime. Where's Lou Brown?
Almost finished up comping vocals. Nashville to Atlanta again...paying the bills to pay the bills.
so happy you're out there being fabulous!!! can't wait to hear all about it!!
Don't you know that coconut oil is like a Pacman for cancer?
Bert Fischer: "You're like one of those clipper ship captains. You're married to the sea."
Why don't you have an Avatar? get a logo on your Twitter, son!
@ the Monte Carlo Buffet
#CodyIs my future husband ;)
#niallwhipshispenis back and forth! just whip! i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it! :)
I think the Columbine baseball score shocked Neil. RT : Yo: Holy you-know-what!!!!!!!
Time to see if I can dodge the raindrops. Back later.
"Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward." - Victor Kiam.
4wheelin for the first time
Tell me!
Follow this list to see all the latest happenings of all teams and the league /echl
Agreed. I want the people to vote on divorce laws now, too.
I have a potential new member for the Clan & MW3 he's getting ready to go to premium status and is truly awful LOL
What do you think the punishment should be? Anything less than 10, wout pay, isn't enough IMO.
Q4 What mobile marketing trends are the most exciting to you?
Ah Urlacher! how I love you! Looking like it could be a good effin game!
Please, no one tell us what day it is today or tomorrow. Not even what day comes afterwards.
Twins' hitters OPS in May: .346.
Flatbread Feature: Blackened Chicken, caramelized onion, grape tomato & provel Soups: Creamy Tomato & Basil or Watermelon Gazpacho
Hi there, I just checked and don't see that email. Perhaps it was filtered as spam. So sorry. Could you resend?
I can feel that bruh
No holds barred. I'll make sure to come back and clown with you guys.
#SteelerNation praying for complete recovery of Steelers RB Coach Kirby Wilson after a house fire. Join us in prayer!
Breakfast, workout then work..... Bawse
Gotta run to the store after work
Watching extremely loud And incredibly close---- this was nominated for best picture ??!!!???? Wtf
Well, clarinets and flutes...but I hate flutes...so annoying lol
ive never talked to you and you hate me? HAHA OKAY.
Hope Solo. Siiiiiiiiiiiiii.
cannot link my other rewards accounts to my AE rewards account...pls help. TY
My biggest takeaway from 2nite: Would I use it? Have I used it? interview
waz good bro
I'll take Richardson vs SEC run defenses over Blackmon vs BIG12 secondaries. Plus WR steeper learning curve.
Birds flying high u know how I feel!
I have Bieber Fever! Do you? ;)
Hi, Stacy, A buddy of mine has a media analytics startup in Detroit-ish area. Any tips on attracting local angel investors ?
are you serious?! I would have taken him !
Oh, and shout 2 all the promoters, producers, so-called record labels, managers, agents & others who get over on artists, DJs & producers.
It's Friday on the East Coast so #FF It's twitter gold!
i hope you learned the first time and wont do it again .
Oh God, that's horrible.
. Here's an example: THE ONE AND ONLY IVAN just showed up as a quiz yesterday. WONDER is not available.
What a beautiful day in VancouverUSA! What sports will you be participating in today?
*buss back in* nigga you don't run nothing!! *exits*
#bitchin Northern Honey Brown Lager is now available at Target Field! (via Northern Beer)
. Sunday she's all ribbons & curls
Wondering what it is about Det. Madsen that Neill wants? Will we get some hints?
I poke my head in every once in a while recently. By "every once in a while recently" I mean about twice in the past month.
Started reading / listening to 'What the dog saw'. If you like Malcolm, you got to listen to him narrate. It's riveting.
Making final preparations to go live with the site, our adventure begins in the morning!!
Marry me?
please follow, i'd love u forever if u did! x..
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake. Napoleon Bonaparte
how can i service you with my hip-hop recording artist precise latest joint "shot's fired" and his bio/publicity photo.
I am missing and the kids. I'm going to clean the house as I am really bored without them.
Really an earthquake? I thought I was dreaming!
lol Sure but I'd never have a chance with Madison!
Dear Twitter: Why do you include people who haven't tweeted in a year in my "who to follow" box?
love you too
You said goodbye to your penny? It has been proposed here but without success. It would seem strange. TeresaY
Thanks San Marcos for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
RT : Kobe probably thinking like "damn, these niggas really bustin our ass!?"
Also, needed your language skills in France. I was only able to ask how old someone was and whether they liked grapefruit.
If the family were a fruit, it would be an orange, a circle of sections, held together but separable - each segment distinct.
#scms12 Mark Sample up on JFK Reloaded
T.G.I.F BITCHZ
teaching accounting at a religious college is not an expression of faith! Not protected by 1st amendment free exercise clause
You laugh because im different, i laugh because your all the same.
I may be a Republican Candidate but I stand for everyone. Take an idea from each and every perception combine them and result is America
That day when I can say I don't wanna go to work but still make money!!
Last show of 's #BeautifulFreaksTour tonite! Congrats guys! Be sure to follow & ! :)
Uh oh. RT : St. Louis Athletica of WPS women's soccer league shuts down in mid-season. 2nd WPS team to fold this year.
Horse racing is more exciting when is around.1
Happy 167th Birthday Fritz!
call me when Netflix adds Captain Simian and the Space Monkeys.
thanks for the RT... GO NUGGS
hey you, did you get my past two tweets? If not I here until Sunday morning.
any live stream for the #spurs game?
#AJFEVER! #retweet ~> : I know this kid that has a new video coming out soon (: #Woot Woot !! #iknowhimTOO!:D
Harry Potter Samples and Drops are new this week, and more! Up now on #productionvault!
I'm not home right now, but this evening
Consider following Butler University senior
I'd take that.
View more than forty works by Vincent van Gogh—never before seen together—during Van Gogh Up Close at the Philadelphia Museum of Art
Writing pooky stuff or otherwise, we hope you're inspired somehow!
Gingrich watch 2012: Newt is speaking at #FIU. Follow for live tweets.
Who do you think were the doers of the past ?
#FollowMeAlexConstancio never hurts to try.. right??
Congrats to - she's pregnant!
Not free ones through the membership program, no. <Will there be member tix available for the Chivas game?>
Make sure you do it legally! Panthers don't abide your torrent ways.
Nice Golden Globes call back Bridesmaids!
yes and it bothers so lol
Just launched our 4 courses for $40 for 40 days to celebrate the opening of Highway! Come downtown and enjoy a great deal at Mike Shannon's.
“: It seems like when you're a big man at Notre Dame, they ration you two buzz cuts per season.” harangody effect
everything that happens is only because it is meant to...
RT Killed this mix with singin' his heart out:)! I love it!!! <--- You guys killed it as well!!!
I'm so going to call you Thaddeus from now on..
Beautiful day to get out! Proud media partner of The San Diego Latino Film Festival which opens tonight.
I bet it smells like sex in there.
Hey 1ce again thanks 4 making 2day such a great day 4 me | Over all 2day was absolutely one hundred percent great #Loveya :) !*)
No, it was on TV and I was just reminded of all that was wrong.
How are things with you?! We would still like to continue to have Emeri's ad in Boss Lady,
If you are looking at getting an RSS feeder for your iPad, look no further than Feeddler. It's a great addition. Find it in the App store.
You'll see why soon. Mwahaha.
NYCC 2010 during the M. Night Shyamalan panel Q&A. Not a press conference but it's same idea of spin and control.
how was Teen Choice!!!
Movie night with and
Gahh that Raven Test started to make my head hurt after the like 25th question.
My favorite line? "She's not some crazy conservative." Guess her brother had to say that b/c she really SOUNDS like one.
How lucky am I that I get to see THIS week?
Leadership and accountability at every level is key, not just for teachers. Via Wendy Kopp
We r about 1/2 way 2 next random follower winners Only need abt 25 more followers & we will give away more free ice cream. RT & help us out!
you going to see dryque while you are there?
RT Blades could try an try he like he can't hear I ain leffin my fuckin house to go an stan up listen to music an get kill b...
I will say that while Laker Trolls were bad it was NOTHING compared to the Rocket fans when we were battling for
Welcome to One of the greatest Country Bands ever!!!
Mugs funny as hell
RT Just introduced Mukta Bahl of Genentech..speaking about Secure Data Management in the Cloud. #EDW12 ---> what a great topic!
What's going on in Buffalo?
Same reason I don't listen every day like I used to.
hahaha, damn straight that's how you research art hum
Looking good!
I think I've just invented something...and it's pre-drinking yoga.
It's very rapidly becoming more trouble than it's worth.
#someonehelp i had my piss test and as soon as i pull up my pants i have to salute the flag i wish there was a picture
We had to do notes for 25 damn minutes, fuck that!!
We think fast food is equivalent to pornography, nutritionally speaking.
hahahahahahahahahaha love you both
What's Love got 2 do w/ it? #Everything damn it Jenolo 4life baby
yup. Just a lot of screaming along with CDs in the car hahaha.
what am i doing tonight? actually eating at home for once in 2 weeks.
Anyone else think it's funny that they photoshopped muscles on Renner's arm in the Hawkeye banner?
Mayor Richards to cut funding for public art in 2012-13 budget - second straight year w/o allocation
lucky them!
get a locked photo album app!!!
A poem is an incantation with bite.
Just a few more days until the Future of Reading Conference. Prepping & Planning. Can't wait!
have you seen Tiny Furniture?
THANKS for the RTs! Appreciate it tons!
something is better than nada
Anything that builds awareness has to be good 4 them!..doubt they would have made Price is Right otherwise.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. -Gandhi
This class is really boring .
Friendly live receptionists, prime office locations, and guess what? Now with reduced conference rates in New York. Call for details.
HAVE FUN DUDES! SEE YOU WEDNESDAY!
baby James is too funny :p haha.
no i wanna make my own money and by it myself
": Why's he so scared all the time!??" Because he's not a closer hes a choker
Helps me with my impatience at online browsing for clothing for sure: www.shopittome.com/
I'm all for having a picnic at the park & playing your music but why would u blast a song with only word are "bounce that pu**y"???
If this medicine could kick in NOW, that'd be great.
I beez in the trap bee beez in the trap!
whoop whoop
How fucked up I am right now >>
Just saw a guy in a Prius try to show off to a guy in a Ferrari... I hope that guy went home and shot himself
WISH YOU WERE HERE by INCUBUS
I am the intention version of Older Stewie!
Thanks! :D
I can forgive but I can't forget
A smart idea! RT Memo to Apple & GM: Collaborate on building the iVolt from the ground up. You can thank me later.
Might be the best Marvel yet.
Yeah im livin right dese niggas dead wrong, she suck my d*** while im on a call now i jus call dat head phone - Big Sean
Must be cause I'm showin up to school there today!
Why is there traffic on 495 at 10:30?
At least once a day.
Salute! follow back fam
Are you wondering if the newly announced HARP program (Home Affordable Refinance Program) will benefit you? Many lenders will be announcing
Hawks are winning=]
vegan nachos at Busboys are legit!
"It seems like every time you come up something happens to bring you back down."
4 hours of sleep - going to try to work through the day then Lair of the Minotaur and Pack of Wolves tonight at Red 7!
witnessed near riot in Little Italy around 1:30 am last night. Only 2 police officers, crowd came out of a club.
Mob rule is not the way. Gandi and MLK got it right. It frustrates uber rich is you are peaceful in protesting.
top twitter tips: follow more, tweet often, be generous, pay attention & be consistent
like always, you are dead right, Bradley will be all defensive team throughout his career, he'll show his potential in this series
Have you visited our Facebook page? Like us :)
Emotional moment in Phoenix as the fans chant for Nash to return. Really feels like this could be the end of a fantastic era.
What a shit show, amateur night
:) just let me know when.
Zack Greinke with a home start tonight - do I even need to tune in?
“: Having sex 3 times a week for 1 year = running 75 miles.” imagine how many miles you run 😳
I can't wait to get away for awhile&just be able to think
Whos a fan of
There is no posting limit on Twitter. I think Tumblr needs to adopt that trait.
just watch the video. 30min of your life.. That's all.
LOL WOW! Ok, I'll stop complaining now :) Hugs to you dear! xoxo
and does it make ya poop like crazy? Lol
Audience says they have board and long-time donor resistance to new #musetech. Buy in comes from being mission driven with tech.
Finally dealing with the disaster that is my closet!
"I can cope with the despair – it's the hope that's killing me."
Just got to work. Good thing I work in an office I'm off at noon : )
I love talking to you, but i hate when you're sad. brighten your day girl, i love you!<3
just had a nice conversation with my sister c:
yeah I say go for it! It's good to be proactive in meeting user needs and showing the library is supportive
Took a listing and sold it in one day....who is next??
& We can't wait either (& can't believe it's almost here already! x 2!)
Stand up show right now... So not hyperventilating.
have you been their before? I went twice, I love it! It's no NYC though.
Ben Bruce is sexy. Yes I would write that all over the white board. & idgaf
Offer something you genuinely believe is worthwhile even if it's not the Grand Canyon.
Can't wait to see it!
awww, your welcome...thanks for the follow back(:
God I don't have to see you, I know that you're there :)
Act like a woman think like a man
LOVE it-ELIminated Ha HA HA Did Giselle see it?
I really don't like expressing myself.
. And these employees are the most powerless - non-unionized women (housekeepers in hotels, jeez)
That sad moment when dosent love you anymore....
TOP 10 TOXIC FOOD INGREDIENTS According to Jillian Michaels, many ingredients in refined & processed foods are hazardous to your health & …
Wtf are you wearing ☝👎
We got the 7 we needed. Three and out please and thanks
Amen sister. Denver all the way!!
... and PowerPoint crashes for the 6th time today.
Bitch you ain't Barbie I seen you work at Arby's.
really if a guy ever sang Lovebug- Jonas Brothers to me i'd die.
I wish they sold gas at the dollar store.
NEW MUSIC WILL BE UP THIS WEEKEND.
dear lord!
Also interesting to have a cap on loan repayments if income stays low over time. Clearly #HE didn't pay off for those students.
thanks man, I'll put down the phone and try that. Catch ya!
so if your a red head, a blond, a brunette! Just take my advice and you might just get! the only better than hairspray, is me
oh I , I swear, the world better prepare, for when I'm a billionaire!! <3
THX for the follow! 15% off medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/30. Share with your followers!
It's my birthday! Sweet 16! Haha... Tune-in and hang out with me on my Bday, live on HOT 1035!
ticket acquired. Should be an interesting St. Patrick’s day...
Let me know if we can set you up with witnesses supporting Planned Parenthood for interviews today.
I have successfully found 10,000 ways that will not work
. LOL I suppose most #Griz fans own HUNTING gear.. but FISHING works, too!
Hey V! Happy New Year to you, too! oh, just sitting here ADDing - hence, the "focus" water better kick-in, soon. SCBWI?
I hope everything goes as plan on friday, >_> I'm really trying to skate with ahemahem.
taking the summer of school and just working now lol
Were glad you dig it! Personal favorite song so far? Keep on the look out for new music, we're writing our new EP as we speak
Heap 60+ yd td week 12 knocked me out of the play off's - brutal!
i NEED TO GO SEE Mi GRANNY...💛
Back to DFW on 885 - looking forward to two weeks at home
I'm hungry as shit
'Customer' turns robber, holds up dry cleaners - Pleasanton Weekly
thought I missed out on an opportunity to find info abt my 2nd Grt Gpa. Well talked to my deceased Grt Aunt's daughter today...jackpot!
yo kast name is styles to?
Let's go racing! At NASCAR K&N Pro Series and SRL. Mini cups among the mix tonight. Go 27.
RT : I know it! She needs a spanking! // do I need to let u use the paddle my dad used on me growing up?
No we really dont hv 2 leav O.O bout 2 order another cute lil coconut drink wit da umbrella n it u want 1
may the 4th be with you
I had a great idea, though-maybe the Waltrips need to lose a little weight!
Sports in Vancouver just keep getting better. Check out the new Paradise Point Disc Golf Course in La Center.
we looked that up. Thanks!!
Just remembered I have a research paper due in a week. Ah.
“There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.” ~ Maya Angelou
We don't speak enough you and I...
Just interviewed by local Hicksville paper!
Beliebers and Directioners is trending? Okay.
RT this if you absolutely positively most sincerely love your fans!!!<3
I know he won't, but if follows me RT this it would make my LIFE <333
Is it just me or is Full Throttle really vile? I know the energy drink bar is low, but still...
Your a beast!! I'm a huge fan! Keep it up.
my sister was looking at your twitter picture & didn't know who you were. Then she asked who you were standing with & I....
I hate staying up all night just waiting for a text from that person...
I'll be on the 8:30 am public bus if you need me. First stop. Club. To collect my tips from wagon wheel duets w munn.
Im doing good chica. Still teaching and running around with my daughter. You? I havent seen you in forever!
It's all here and my heart's pleading, "Let me be your star!" ... Loved the #SMASH finale. Who in NYC can't relate?! One day... :)
#NYC can't wait to see Luisa my love !!
Tomorrow we'll be hitting Lemoyne, PA w/ @ The Champ. Who's coming out?! RT THIS SHIT!
That's a great attitude to have! You go girl! RT Late nights, early mornings. Making every moment count!
thanks for thinking I'm weird because I laugh out loud at my phone!
RT : 8th Cir--adverse employment action taken under affirm action plan may be direct evidence of unlawful discrimination ...
The game set the stage for many other comic
omg yes , let's do it ! I really need to start going more -.-
Best band in the world, The Black Eyed Keys
About to eat some organic oranges and clementines with in COM 3300.
I didn't change I grew up, you should try sometime.
Don't let the rain keep you away.. Come in for Tia's Fish Fry and Chowder special.... $12.95 served until 6pm!
naw, I just think this guy probably doesn't get it
Give yourself permission to succeed. -Kim Kiyosaki
Exactly! : surprised the JOLIE-PITTS went for DIAMONDS. just saying.
yes he is my case gona get dismissed 2day, we need him n raleigh
is it going down tomorrow?!
I WISH.
Feel free to come by! We'll be here!
Yeah, I should probably do some work but it's spring break and I don't wanna!
thanks, just got to our hotel & its a good wifi connection so I'll take a look
It's been a long week yall. If I don't win the Mega Millions, I'm gonna need a few glasses of wine to wind down
True. But this whole "Being Responsible" thing? I don't know if I like it. Lol
Thanks to all who have fought for & served our great country! We owe endless thanks 4 what they've done & continue to do 4 us!
Rehearsal time.....
thanks for the feedback
Best #broadway autocorrects of 2011 RT : My phone just autocorrected "he's" to "h2s" ....wow.
My boy caught his girl slippin...dumb chick dropped her hotel key in they house
I just texted ya back ;)
I can't c my Bd to day
Hey everyone; please follow ! ONE MORE PERSON, PLEASE(:
<3 <3 Looking forward to the next few days of adult time. Let the hot plans begin . . . tomorrow night. HeHe. What to do, what to do. <3 <3
Massage soothes the muscles and calms the soul.
RIP Mitchell Guist
Off for the next 17 days
I did not know about the miscellany site. Thanks.
NENE! WUDD UPP WOMAN I AHVNT TALKED TO U ON HERE IN A MIN!
I did a talk last night on Accelerate, and since it's so boring, I started it off by playing Wat. Best video I've ever seen. :)
Who can't wait until Saturday!?
she's beautiful!!
thank you I appreciate that
Yo, , all but one of my "Recent images" just disappeared. What gives?
: Are you back? Hope all's well!
Hey MCDMers - Remember to make time for an alumni (or soon to be) discussion on Sunday 3/20 in Com 126. 1:00pm - 3:00pm
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
we hope you like it mizz Famous!
Sarah is reading tonight with ' Martha Rhodes. 7:30 Be there, Louisville!
your music is amazing! <3
of IndyStar thinks of Twitter as "capillaries" that feed traffic to the content on the website. Calls it "invaluable."
- great article.
Will you be out with us tomorrow? By the way, nice profile pic. Love those little ladies!
My staff meeting postponed until 10 and my boss is a motherfucking asshole.
I just pretend I'm skiing. Works every time.
Me & Obama gonna shoot some hoops one day
Dense Fog common for Long Island & NJ. Burns off by mid to late AM. HIGH: 71. Record warmth on the way Thu. & possibly Fri. HIGHS: 75-80.
you welcome
no way, i have no idea who that is, but it sounds
My phone is trippin
RT : What happened today to Roadrunner is one of the biggest reasons I never sold to a major
Where are my wings!?
marching band?
had so much fun at my first ever game!! Will have to go again soon :)
Suggestion –Seventh, ask them how they are doing and put your hand to your ear so that they will respond verbally.
lol it coo
man I remember that whole night lol
Cant wait to hit the studio 2mor with
Muhammad Ali To Attend Frazier's Funeral
BTW, Milwaukee opted to not show the kickoff to the 3:15 #Packers / #Bears game. I think that's telling of the 35 yd line rule.
Gm loves! Its a new day and Im blessed to be wise and mature enough to let irrelevance go. Back to the paperflow....
ABSOLUTELY !! Would vote for him in a HEARTBEAT !! Allen West is a NO-NONSENSE, brilliant fighter !
how are you??
Just cut my hair a tad bit shorter
Yes! Phillip Phillips singing ! Nice rendition.
i just eanted to tell u that ur an amazing beautiful woman and I wish u nothing but the best
Preeti! You're too kind. I'm alright, I promise! Just a rough start to the day. You're such a good friend.
#Crew96 stream died
we are just behind the bathrooms at the picnic tables. Hooray for #coworkingday!
Agree! Gr8t site for gov't agencies. #custserv RT : This is a great resource. Thanks for posting it.
HappY Birthday! I love u, have a gr8 day :-)
Life is Wonderful!!!!!
hahaha! Nicee(: & I would do the same :P lolol (:
Looking forward to the YWC at Brentwood School --- great job everyone!
Eat this and sniff this rag
cool. I'm from Philippines, a very far country. :D
Just found an old cheer leading picture in my old coach's class room...
How to know you care about #twitter too much: when losing followers makes you very angry.
YUP but when you mention those black men who aren't into black pussy they want to jump down your throat. Damn Shame! Speak on IT!
The more you praise and celebrate you life, the more there is in life to celebrate. ~ Oprah Winfrey
That's it!! A&M scores on 5th kick. A&M wins the game!
thanks man !
RT OCCUPY THE PUMPKIN PATCH, CHARLIE BROWN
Half off Mojo just for saying 'resolution'...even though this breaks my healthy eating promise!
Thank you for including me in the
austin who knows where he's gone Mahon is k
yup. You didnt see my mentions last night
Today has been a good day!
Is there always red tape when trying to get reimbursed thousands of dollars from Anthem Blue Cross vs. $100? I've been trying for 10 months
Weird because Ryan Pickett doesn't know the first thing about saving candy.
you bet!
!!!im not facebook im not hur for u to like!.com
I want an Arduino lilypad based sensor gauntlet now
Got a #national #commercial #callback!!!!! WOO
I'm about to just do it myseld
Thanks a million, Tye!! :)
I'm not your second choice nor your backup plan. So don't text me when you're bored.
"We have only won due to our wickedness" -- German soldier writing home after the defeat of France, but methinks a good description of war.
I watched you change, now watch me.
Today is going to be a long and stressful day..
Iced caramel latte from Dunkin Donuts ❤
What I don't get is how can someone call someone else ugly? Everyone is beautiful in their own way, inside and out.
Only Fuck With Real Gz No Fake Ones Cuz When You Getting Money That's Where All The Hate Comes
naw y are they cutting people?
I be trying to lay the knowledge to em easy. Lol
Stay out my mustard if u can't ketchup! Looking at end of May 4 Jenolo launch #winning #bulls #heat game lets go
lol so he didnt pretige at all? Omg i had a frend like that lol but i prestiged n was like STOP BEING LAZY! work ur way up
RT Becoming unstuck - balancing continuous learning versus specialization. Managing up session
just trying to stay culturally literate. Don't worry about me slipping into teen mode.
RT : #428 You'll never live happily if you always care about what others think about you.
In Fitchburg City Council District 2 Seat 4 race, Patrick Stern and Darren Stucker advance.
Note to #OutrageousBiz applicants who are filming with us in Warren Hall tomorrow (5-6pm): feel free to bring props, costumes, signs, etc!
2k for your services seem way to cheap ;)
Jackie Pata of on says tribal governments can't prosecute non-Native rapists & the Feds won't do it.
Thanks nephew I think you just gave it to me...lol
Not sure how that relates to violence in the UK as Wilders is a Dutch MP, not a UK MP, and also not sure that is true about him
#20ThingsAboutMe I don't curse that much!
Whole Foods TriBeCa SWARMING with men who've clearly just come off vigorous jogs. It literally smells of sweat.
Got my hair done, moma says its burgundy but its red. Then went to Belk and bought a pink sundress and a Lily Bloom purse. 😃😚💇👜👗
hm lets do em both!
Had to look. You're tip said crab cakes and that was all I needed to know. Lol. Too bad though.
the burger is loved by both me and baby! How's that? :)
who ya bby
if they know u at the clinic by ur nickname
they need to just say NO
Great episode last night. One of the best ever actually. Say it aint so!-- No more Robert?
My bad... Hahahaha! (I was there for three nights in a row and I think I still have mud in my ears from that weekend!)
the 9:30 club thing, wow looks great!
no problem anytime!!!! U just enjoy!!!
Terrible roughing the QB calls against Packers and Saints. Tackler head down and tackles QB as passing, terrible!
we play it in the gym once in awhile, people are like "wtf are we listening to?!"...but it makes everyone work hard!
have fun in Dallas
of course I'm sure hahaha
I bet... At least you have insurance, right?
9/11 Never forget...May God bless us all
If I don't sponsor a compassion kid I missed God's call for my life...really? That's weak & cheapens the whole thing.
Lohan To Play Liz Taylor In TV Movie - MyFox Phoenix
My mommy may drive me insane but u couldn't ask for a better mother her love is unconditional! Happy mothers day mommy :).
Willie Nelson gets behind Occupy Wall Street movem
Good Morning morning! Anyone doing anything fun with their pets this week?
#bmorefail was a #bmoresuccess. Added at least three books to my reading list.
"True Born Records"
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell I'll show you a good time. Last time I listen to a clown driving a rickety van
#INCS Looking forward to the second full day of the conference! Yesterday was great.
layin in bed with my gorgeous puppy(: phone died &im to lazy to go look for my charger.c: skype?
Open for Brunch at 8:30
no.. I have to go back down... That's what I was trying to avoid.. But it's coolio! I get to feel the rain again :)
Questions about #transdermal compounds created in compressed field magnetic reactors? Microbial Antagonists?? Biodefense??
Crony capitalism provided by the U.S. Congress.
Meant them :)
Left the mall with nothing. Just called my mom and said "yo what do you want!!?!, don worry about the price"
where have you been I havnt seen your tweets anymore!!!!
exagerrated princess version
Free tours today at 4pm and don't forget about our 6pm tour!!
In case anyone wonders, that last tweet was assuredly NOT about Amendment One. Very sad to see that pass, but not surprised.
Dear teachers, emailing my parents does not do anything. Sincerely, were not five.
I really hope Frankie wants to play the trumpet.
Oh that is quite tempting....
Based on what virtually all of my friends say, I think I will love it. xox
Being a working daddy means changing diapers while cramming lines. Boy you sure don't want to mix the two though.
Getting up in four hours <<< having one week of high school left
at my Grandma's listening to <3 //
It's nice to know what the big kids are doing, but small businesses have different challenges than large companies
Exhausted! Just want tomorrow to be over!
Her and her sister will both OD in a gutter something before they're 25
I just recently went through the same thing. It was devastating. I'm really sorry about that, Cody. <3
HOW CAN YOU SMELL ME THROUGH THE COMPUTER?!
Pet peeve: why don't people pay for apps & mobile games? Ticket to Ride entertained me for hours past MW3, and one was $7, one $40
WHOA. science test today.
Night Miss Kristen! Sweet dreams :)
I'm so proud of you, Frankie. The way you've come back from this car accident is amazing. Don't ever forget it. ;) x
You may not see God's hand at work today..but when you look back you'll see his finger prints everywhere!!!
i can never sleep :/
When people dress up all out for concerts. I'm just like lol I go to concerts like its mt freakin job not some special ballroom gala
Wondering if there are any free career coaches out there.
feels good! Thanks for asking.
what happened to #Austream? are we geeting the 6pm one?
I have to go now. Good night America and Canada! Love you all guys!
and Wayne Hill still owes us dinner for our phenomenal special teams Play. Lol.
Welcome back, Number 46!
great party all day and night yesterday! Thanks so much!
For what???
First 100 pg's of book "Defending Gary" is amazing. Must read for true crime fans.
Just got my official New Look code name: Planeteer. What do you think?
Bachman's revoking her Swiss citizenship b/c she doesn't want to answer #TeaBagger questions about free healthcare in Stockholm
Powerful message today...its still resonating!
thanks for the RT! sorry I've been so out of the loop! lots going on, almost all positive stuff - hope you are well!
Trying to get my son to study for math is like asking cows to fly. Any suggestions?
what's the longest text you ever sent ?
miss you dudes come back and hang yes?
I hate to say this but jail is just a room.
I thought about going outside and doing something today but my Wi-Fi really doesn't reach very far
Thank you for the #FF!
I really admire Tumblr for taking a stand on this Internet censorship bill. Anybody else find their stint awesome?
Surely God meant to get a Backstreet Boy instead. Well said :
Happy Cinco de Mayo from all of us at Girls on the Go! Remember to balance out festivities with some fitness over the weekend.
Where is she...
Cleveland Park. Have you been to Guapos? I think we're going to try that.
HA! Yes. Reminds me of
havnt talked to you in a while!
Online auction/listing company that Rewards shoppers! LUCKeSHOPPER Reward yourself for shopping
Impressed, awed, and excessively humbled by fellow #Dewey award nominees at
So what does BF3Nation.com have to do to get some info out of you? :)
Am I the only one a tad uncomfortable watching the Commish hugging it out with each draft pick he may later punish?
LeBron clutching it up for the mothers
from the league...well gee whiz....I feel better already...total propagandized b.s.
I should be at the gym or doing may day stuff, but I'm in the backyard drinking.
Thanks! I will likely need celebratory pastries if all goes well :)
v. We're looking for a restaurant food sponsor for our 4/10 Social Media & Travel forum at you help out?
1945: German troops in Italy surrender to the Allies, while Berlin surrenders to Russia's Zhukov. (World War II)
I love fantasy baseball, but I was ecstatic to see my fantasy football league renewal e-mail in my inbox this morning.
"I still live at the crib, sorry I had to make that cool"
nice at bat by aj
Why do 90% of people fail to achieve their goals in life? Do you want to be in the 90% or the 10%? www.IamINC.biz
Practice perpetual beta. Kip Voytek.
about to call jordyn so got to get off sorry everyone!!!!!:)(:
Thanks Vicente "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
The Renault-Nissan And Avtovaz Strategic Partnership Takes A New Step With The ... - Autochannel (press release)
What's your favorite email newsletter?
5 ppl in a king size bed
I stand corrected. Ahead of schedule! In-tunnel service by then too or just remaining stations?
#HappyBirthdayJoshPorter .:))) love you! EVERYBODY TREND IT!
Will definitely be asking for licenses to start with definitions in the future. Good idea!
bitch please
An article with additional details and the form to send are available on our website @ www.wawild.org
1st off, a coach isn't worried about any criticisms. It comes with the job.
Levi Benton has great hair
I can not go on twitter anymore in the morning cause u am late to school.
Thank u :) ur the only One who said happy birthday to me on twitter how sad is that :(
This Leine's Summer Shandy tastes AMAZING after sitting in the sun for 2 innings at #MillerPark! Let's Go
It just opened. 6822 W North Ave, across from Rosebud Cinema. Worth the trip. :)
thanks for the retweet!
oh really, not sure then. Still have couple more days. Hope Tareq gets to see them. Good luck!
. you can kiss my pale white nutsack! Fuck outta here... seriously! No one steps to the Commish!
love the youtube video! it'll be on repeat until next season!!!!
I'm sleepy ass sht tryin too stay up until she get home :) it's hard
And yet it's been in Jump since like 2004? Sometimes the rankings can be quite baffling.
Not a day goes by without you on my mind.
"I love You completely - Each morning You greet me with the sunrise on my face." ::evan wickham::nobody else::
Funny RT : If they ever give African Americans $ 4 #reparations 4 #slavery wud mixed people get half the money or the full amount?
guys maybe if we all tweet she can work out some sort of free event while she'll be here in NY!
I have to constantly remind myself to have patience - 冰冻三尺，非一日之寒 - 3 yards thick ice did not form after just one cold day.
y.a.k sis yah book is my first pic .. and i want everybody to experience the realness and power of your book .. i got yah back
Yes! That sort of reminds me of Mother Teresa saying: "We serve life not because it is broken but because it is Holy."
New album made for a perfect morning listen, start to finish
I asked the same thing the other day. Thanks Drake. Thanks for nothing.
I am going to see Project X. I fear I may regret this. Or wish I was a teenager partying.
u funny
Travel week coming up again. Racking up the airmiles this year.
no the bread??
To forgive someone does not mean you trust them.
Let us know what you think! Remeber if you have any problems or if issues arise please contact ! Enjoy!
how about a Facebook? :o
Taylor gone be my YN, since everybody at mhs hate lightskinns
hope your golf games are in shape. Wasn't a pretty round 2day 4 me.
My sister Dolly is a retired educator who taught developmentally challenged kids, paving the way for their bright futures. #ThankATeacher BA
This doctor taking forever!!!!!!
everyday i try to make you my girl cause i be missing you.
Do it at ! RT : coders! come up w/a cool app & submit to #appsforenergy - here's a quick list.....
Tomorrow is our first photo shoot! Can't wait for some super creative shots! Stay tuned!
glad to hear that : )
did i tell you that i just found our i had to go to a work meeting at 8am on sunday? gonna be rough to say the least!!
Thank God 4 I'm so excited that there wil be a 2nd Season of #scandal Congratulations I love you
Every scene is going to be about horse rave, FYI.
Paul Duguid: If we need a lawyer or engineer, how do we know if they're any good? If we know we don't need them. We use brands.
nice to know my typos havent changed 1 bit
I've been so busy lately. But I'll get you in The morning! Lol
are u neighbor? Come chat!
Good. I'm going to re-record my vocals tomorrow and work on the mix. what have you been up to?
Don't ever take weight loss advice from people who are fatter than you.
Oh yeah. Of course. I get in late Tuesday night.
What the hell just happened? :(
Worst. Call ever!!!
I'm always well my dear :) How you doin??
Currently listening to: Swallow The Dawg - The Plan on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
President #George W Bush says "I'm for Romney" enuf said.
It was at a gas station near our apt on Slaughter Lane. SO GROSS. :-)
Guess what I'm going to watch at 9!?
I was trying to engage Bot Lebowski and Apocalypse Bot in a duel to the death. Looks like Twitter beat me to it
they close early cause of the rain!
aw next time one of these days our timing will be right.. :-) We should call to come out too!
I trained at the Fight House when it was on West 27th Street.
Luv this frm abt ppl who jump n2 wine w/$400 btls: “If u helicopter to the base of Everest, u miss a lot of the climb.”
It's Called Prostate Cancer, Charlie Brown!
appreciate your perspective!
new icon.what you think?(:
I'm heartbroken over this. I need a hug. :(
YOU GOT IT!! Lol
don't go into a maze, cedric diggory died in a maze!
... thinking about how perfect everything would be, if i were to date seriously Austin, move to England now. :(
Anyone else leave the theater feeling really bad about erections after seeing The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo?
It's Chevy Truck Month. To celebrate, I will accept any and all trucks that you might want to give me. New or used. No neon colors please.
love you too dear. Thanks for the date!
It irks me when people assume I have an attitude while we textin We're TEXTIN you have no idea what mood I'm in you not here with me lol
thanks so much for the promos! :)
Tyler Marz: "I've added about 45 pounds and feel more explosive than ever."
I have learned not to worry about love
just now seeing this post lol shows how much I've been on Twitter lately
super jealous of your amazing adventures ;) greetings from cold NYC :(
FOLLOW BACK PLEASE.
Im lookin for a new weed man. 1.must have own car 2. Good shit and a scale 3. open 24 hrs a day 4. And on time
Hey Will, how about helping to build 8 new Hospitals over in the Philippines?, any chance?..thought I would ask..take care Lee
Trying to decide what to watch now that bsg is over...
Special thanks to the fans who came down to dance after the show tonight.
watch who u puffin after
True Blood season finale, you're not helping me concentrate on these two quizzes tomorrow.
I love how many people support IDA that arent even on the team <3 thanks guys!
Thanks for the #FF shoutout. Hope you're doing well : )
Are you voting in the #Missouri GOP primary today, ??
Got accepted into the Oxford program! Might not be able to go, but it was nice to be accepted :)
Holler if you're ready for some Summer nights :)
Hey I'm a reporter in Seattle - looking to talk to Koreans. Want to talk to me before you go?
Hehehe. songs play in my life constantly :D
Oh how we need that hour of sleep back! Good news though, more daylight! = More patio time.
Reading your tweets is sure inspiring. How do you stay in such great shape?
If Mitt Romney were to tell a lie in the woods would the "liberal" #msm news report it? No, they never do!
Alright, time to... "Get it done and make it happen!!"
In "Drive" Ryan Gosling reinvents the Man With No Name. It is a hip modern update on the Spaghetti Western, made for the drag McQueen set.
Rick Santorum calling it quits. Good thing he dropped out before he embarrassed himself and stayed in too long!
Good job! Next step is the half! RT : Just ran the 5k under your name... Don't worry you had a strong finishing time of 44mins!
usually because they are so drenched in sweat and what not, that when you score you just want it off!
Just hit the Chi. Catch me at the station
Dear school. Feel free to close whenever you want.
That's true - I was able to come up with something last time. Just don't have anything currently in progress that'd work.
Excellent Leg Workout today in the Hollywood Hills! You and have fun tonight!
Nothing. Baby sitting the cutest baby cousin ever. ;) #You?
i understand, we dont know how life started, only thing that can be credible is the Big Bang aside from religion
heading upstate right now :/
Following you now :)
Thanks for informing me of his passing.
Not as long as my kids still like it RT : Star Wars came out 35 years ago today. Gentlemen, start your midlife crises.
It's superb. Had a great series of screenings of it
I miss that show Making the Video!
Well Now Carlos Zambrano can Win this game if he continues to pitch great #GoMarlins
nothing, waiting on Alec. What about you?
i love brianna she so diffrent from these othaa girls she want real love
Its FRIDAY! Party at the Pier Tonight!
The farther we go, the more the ultimate explanation recedes from us, and all we have left is faith. --Vaclav Hlavaty
“: bumpin to a little Shania Twain with and !! what you know about that!!”
Yo Big Homie we keep saying it but we need to put it in motion, lets get that Collabo homie
Jus realized my mom never called me back smh lol
I want some 
Que rico el airecito afuera! Let's hope this weather lasts a while.
HE'S SO STINKIN CUTE.
Hey buddy! How's it going? :)
Oh and btw ur really cute(:
Didn't i let you borrow that?....
" hold me, whatever lies beyond this morning. just a little later on. regardless of warnings, the future doesnt scare me at all. nothing's..
Barbie, according to my 4th grade writing club girls, has an arsenal of weapons. A handbag, earrings, necklace - to whap, pierce or choke.
"A procession of gaudy marionettes, w/ the relentless horror of Frankenstein in thedetached mechanical unawareness." -THE HAIRY APE
Depends where you're going. Or is it just me that likes to tailor reading to destination?
I just learned Maxwell will be at the Staples center in July... Now that's a show I would like to attend. Who wants to buy my ticket?
stop stalking me....
The things i see my tl...RT : To be honest, if I ever go to a 1D concert and sit front row, I'm going to flash the boys my boobs.
Austin's move is gonna be hard for Alex...But I KNOW he will understand.........
It's "loaded question hour!"
come on. You love that song!
can I #GiveObamaCreditfor... killing it tonight?
“JosephPrince: Involve Jesus in everything & allow His provision of favor, wisdom & power to multiply & grow the little things in your hands
thanks Steve!
Sounds like the perfect day. RT Used and today. Who needs their own car?
TGIF! Celebrate the weekend with your friends, some Vitamin D and Dundee's Spring Variety Pack.
are you in Pit? I wanna see your stuff
The only way I'll be up is if I STAY up lol RT take yo ass to bed! u gotta be up at 730 am to watch serena play azarenka
Edgar isn't the brightest crayon in the box so just leave it Sadie
So true. Is there a rift at all between Elway and Bowlen on the Tebow issue? This success could create polarizing sides in org
like always
she can love you good but i can love you better.
everybody's like he's no item plz don't like him he don't wife em he one nights em!
This is so good.
Ever think of coming back and visiting?
I'm sure not, but what does that have to do with what I said?
What movie is it?
Can we do that?? Like I wouldn't be against it...
you must be so proud
RT : Join and us this Sunday for the Young Writers Reading Sunday!
if I was a good singer my life would be complete....
Right on cue rickie!
After all the things we've been through..
Its cuddle weather :-) And all business is taken care of, so guess what I'm fina do today
40 yrs since the greatest Saga, cinematic master piece released. THE GODFATHER! Anyone knws me, I prefer Mobster movies over gangster movies
you think alshon is regretting going pro at the moment?
hey buying ads to let me know you are cleaning up the gulf and redirect that $$ towards restoration efforts
The Top Three Metropolitan Areas Within Florida For Commercial Real Estate Investments
Part of me is missinq youu part of me wnt.
How long does it take to score a placement test? Geez...I'm almost as anxious as I was while waiting for my acceptance letter...
Hello, Happy Tuesday.
Heading to tonight to get down with the Trio with 8pm tonight its gonna be sweet! 5303 Lankersham Blvd.
dreading the dentist's drill
Because they want little things to play with, just like their dolly children.
Steady which is good. It's a roller coaster though:)).
i that i meant guy we got i realize that after i sent the message . chatting with 2many ppl hahaha
Exactly bro. Sad ass Friday right now LOL
Drama is pointless.
- Would you kindly slap Sir Charles in his albeit smaller bald head for dissing #BeMilwaukee ! Feel better
New friends for you:
you need to join We are having a fantasic convo on state politics.
Now serving between 6th and Kitlwood.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Autauga, Dallas & Lowndes Counties until 07:15 PM
Forecast for Today: Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s. North winds 10 to 15 mph.
Bullied and now sad. The only thing that will probably make me happy if talks to me about it.
#ifihadanickelforeverytime i saw a girl as beautiful as you id have one nickel(;
The black swan is the best book on epistemology you'll ever read. If you're sane, it will be the only one you ever read.
#BlacklightPartyOct22 NaPalm comes to Dallas for a concert party, be sure to get your tickets before they're sold out
Anyone wake up even more brilliant today after last night's sage advice? :)
Chillin watching Boondocks
once upon a time there was a boy and a girl who thought they knew everything about this world!
Goodnight everyone!
Our Fresh Face KAELA has her first booking. Brigitte Magazine Germany. Lovely!
I AGREE
Good morning.
California VIP Cards are the best gift for a 21st Birthday. Surprise them today and call 619.226.1121 to receive it.
How was everyone's weekend?
Haha that's so cool :)
Would you spend it on things that won’t last?
it means the recipent of the text is not on iPhone, or has iMessage turned off..
I think Grace was asking when she can take it for a drive. :)
that's REAL music!(:
I LOVE WILLIAM LEVY he is so hot =)
we have a roadmap...and working on a budget. Getting there!
": Places fo1st show tonight in Chicago. Victor Garber and Harold Ramis in the house!" Let me know when Harold Baines is there.
NAME GAME. GIMME THAT NAME! WHAT WHAT??
The lady I just delivered to was nice as Hell ^.^
Shooting and play in this #grizzlies #clippers game might as we be Arlington vs Germantown
Just arrived in Philly for
Busy busy day. Ready to pass out!
I like the dress, and I like the sweater too :-)!
Money Is Da Root Of All Evil... So Im Sum Like A GodFather
Scratch that even if you have an exam
Can't wait!!!! Just did a webinar with Lujure...vey helpful!
Bringing my own sunshine!
Your ass :)
...a call of "ball" on night he recieved 'Mr. Enthusiasm Award'. IN THE TOP OF THE FIRST. "YOUR'E OUTO HERE"
wanted2do1nice thing4my mom bake her a cake for her bday&clean the house my cake fell apart&i didnt have time2clean I cant do anything right
#CantSleep but I have to get up early!!-.- fuck!!
Finally got my password back. (:
#Remix Neon Hitch- Fuck U Betta (Chuckie Club Remix)
Every #business needs a Virtual Administrative Assistant! Check out our #rates and #retain one today!
"Never let success get to your head, and failure get to your heart.."
Yep, those aren't reviews from , and I. They're from the corporate guys. Shame.
Of course there's a #bloomsday hashtag!!! Love it!
Print1Media is having a Spooky Sale, take 35% off our Graphic Design pricing when you print with us!! Contact us today-Offer ends 10-27-10
While NYers have to deal with a sidelined Jeremy Lin, alas, we can celebrate a year of no state sales tax on shoes and clothing under $110
Love that. Needing some inspiration. Thanks.
Another GREAT win by the CLIPPERS over Denver tonight. On to Phoenix tomorrow night. Way to go guys.
Kelly Clarkson, Happy Birthday. 💗
Well okay then...
follow my friend lol its how u shout people out to your followers every friday so they get more followers
I admit it, I am Monochromous.
100 kids from the Hollywood Boys and Girls Club have been invited for FREE ADMISSION to the Hollywood Jammers game on Tuesday 4-28-09
Hunh? How often do you listen to a new album 40 times in 8 days? from beginning to end? And be moved each time.
oh, refresh my memory - which one are you writing right now?
If u <3 the sun,try mixing spf's on ur face 2 give dimension! Higher spf around the eyes will let u keep a natural highlight and young skin!
I definitely thought your response to your mother's hair color change was "#justkillme"
Most enangered listing continues, Ashland Theater,
I kno it's bathing suit time too :(... When u free
It's clearly too late for you to be studying lol. I hope you do well on your finals though!
also, we dont use myspace too much anymore. add us on facebook! we always got it updated! www.facebook.com/wearesocontagious
A slight station battle in the #Valpak office today - it's been bouncing between and Q95 all afternoon!
I still can't tell when to stop reading and start writing.
that's a good question with no logical answer. It needs to be legalized and Congress is finally starting to see why.
If you left your coat here tonight, we have it! Just stop by tomorrow between 10:30am and 6:30pm and tell us what it looks like.
there's a stadium a half a mile from me, and I'm sure there is an afternoon game. Let's go day drink in the sun ;)
Finally sleep
Another great presentation from ! Thanks !
My absolute favorite ": Take a shot for me."
Saw the Beastie Boys a few years back w/ Opened w/ 'Body Movin' closed w/'Sabotage', truly an experience.
it is a really awesome cul de sac you should check it out!
She In Love With What I Say Cause I Really Live The Life You Speak Bout!
Loving it A++++++++ Your dancing in the woods at the beginning is too cute.
Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete
we're always happy to take on new challenges for some friendly competition
Just heard a Message & I know today will be a BLESSED DAY!! #Liberated#
Substitute amendment to senate Voter ID bill tabled. Debate continues in Madison. Details tonight at 10 on 12 News.
Balotelli!!! Crazy ass Italian! Only way that would have been more fitting is if he found Tevez instead
Best line of the day compliments of AU brand presentation: wonk the wonk.
Dust off those disco duds! Disco Night coming Oct; 14 -- '70s music & prizes for best outfit!
Met Kyle of Nardo Naturals last night. Loved hearing their story. We'd love to help your businesses grow here in Tampa Bay.
RT : RIP Bobby Probert....Prayers go out to the biggest tough guy the NHL has ever seen....
good morning everyone. have a great day today!
Do you have any idea if the team Ford Escape also transferred with Bravo to Cruz Azul?
Why Do Some People Tweet Like This?
"Look you fuck, I gotta get laid!"
I can't wait for the next few months.
Let me show you, at the expenseof a slight going aside
I will have to repack much that was in DiningRoom as it is wet. Insurance Called.Claim Filed.
Goodnight Twitter.
LOL I put pics on fb with no description and I get like 3 likes
I said it last weekend buddy
did I really just put spoonfulls of sugar into my cheerios at midnight !? 😳😜
just the stands
we'll be at the LA street food festival tomorrow, come join us and buy some tshirts!
watching movies that have including Cheaper by the dozen 2 and Shark boy & Lava girl.
It's swell!
I just want to skip tomorrow 3-|
Random guy gave me a thumbs down on the freeway today. It took everything in me not to ram my car into his.
yes she said she will give me a app on Monday for u
I know we're stacked at forward, but I sure miss Bravo lurking about...
Does walking by the bookcase in my office count as doing a book tour?
I just sent an e-mail to a make-up artist in which I used the word "juggalo." A lot.
Pay Arian Foster. This guy is from another planet.
your cupcake was amazing I must say ! :)
Dennis Traecy, Smithfield VP says supply chain is true food regulator today - superseding USDA and EPA. Are you cool with that?
ya it's really stupid :P
that was a great show. Thanks for the pic afterwords. You and the crew are some humble funny ass dudes. Great night.
White and Black blazers just in!!!!!!!
RT : I am getting excited to see if the can win first place ! The summer of fundraising is about to begin!!
