gosh darn sarcasm font. Never registers. Although you did defend artest after his elbow.
Thanks, I loved the article too! =)
#DailyQuote: "Love the animals: God has given them the rudiments of thought and joy untroubled." - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Let me find out, let me, let me find out...
you think you can send me that verse tomorrow?
Sales & construction join the tablet revolution: SalesBuilder Mobile, FieldConnect Mobile, SalesTouch Mobile - iOS and Android!
Thanks! (Will you be there this year?)
Feeling grateful to for finding us a lovely new home in the UK. Blue Sky Resumes is going global!
Only for you. Que paso
i've never seen it!
cant get to sleep or choose not to sleep?
People have been calling me "Ran" or "Ran Ran"...who is that?! I guess it's cute lol!!
those eyes melt me! so darn cute! totally reminds me of tyson. when are you guys getting a pup? 🐶
*Cyber High Fives Back* MOON POWAH!
I'll be there later. Save me one!
RT : When people compare 87 and 71 -- long term -- factor in that 87 very rarely has these WAY DOWN games like 71 having.
NBC and The CW are bringing back too many low-rated series next season
"you were born an original; don't die a copy." ^one of my favorite quotes. <3
NBC Sports' #KentuckyDerby coverage would make a great boyfriend. It takes a two minute event and stretches it out for hours.
Spring is here early and so are the flowers. Stroll through Garfield Park to see all the beautiful tulips and flowering trees!
So rented us a car that was missing a battery cap. Guess I'll have to start checking that on rental cars from now on.
Hang out on a rooftop and enjoy the weather. #skejidea Any suggestions for Happy Hour?
SO excited that is hosting X-Factor USA.
Today is all about fireballs. :-)
Nice move by , along with and Jon McGlocklin, for interviewing the kid who just won $10,000 at the game.
that sounds about right. We've gone totally sodistic on a half dozen shows now.
Then I'm on to the next 'cause one is not enough, no one is not enough. But if she gon' bring a friend I know it's finna' get rough.
Happy to announce the and partnership today! Inspiration sharing between interiors and automotive!
Stoked for SEA RT A LOT of energy pre NYC premiere
With Terrell Suggs probably out for next season, Courtney Upshaw's learning curve just got a bit steeper.
Orlando Florida! : )
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
And now its settling in....
Will you be there for a few minutes? Would love to say hello and show you a project I'm working on.
i aint got nothing to do with these niggas
Hi patch
smh and Friday
Someone got her mojo back in class,Neuro ZUMBA, NEURO Electric slide, 90 and with cane.
#TwSIG Americans love Twitter. Even if they don't use it, they see reports in the news. Some there is awareness.
what does that even mean?
Thanks!! It's Wordpress, actually. Nothing as complicated as Drupal!
That girl's alarm is always going off at 9!
Are you an Independent looking to increase your fanbase? Musicalstop.com
Big EVERYTHING, . Who you think you're talkin' to? ;-)
off to the studio WITHOUT cody... ugh, i miss him ):
That Carmel game still eats at me smh
that picture of you is hot like omg!!!!:):):)
Heading back to the cracked.com humor panel. Hope I didn't miss much!
RIP Michael Jackson
Reed Exhibitions Greater China will focus on talent development as a key strategy in 2012 to continue the company’s growth in China.
Yo request me at a friend on myspace and I will check you out fam
congrats! nice piano BTW. Teaching is like selling, Enthusiasm is key, especially in your first year! & we can tell you have it!
#ThingsYouShouldNotSay I'll call you back.....but yo punk ass never had intentions on calling...
But it's more 4 people like my mom who write private stuff on public fb walls, etc
I wanna go to the Pacers game tomorrow.... :p
I love convos with someone and you can talk about anything. Lol Great way to end this day! #Latenight Convos <3
Often critics reveal more about themselves & their fundamental ignorance than presenting a sound, indisputable analysis!
d Jayuya,, Puerto Rico y tu
Thank you, sweet lady working at VS, for depressing me by asking if I'm going to be a bride soon. Appreciate it.
Fake Louis bag..
im not doing anything until ive had a tuna fish sandwich
----Shout out! Great!
S/O to for always getting me in trouble 8th grade w- Carter's weird ass
I think most news seems that way. And often the teasers are longer than the pieces they're promoting.
Great pick! Phenomenal performance!
Blossoming Lotus shout out to the entire PDX Vegan Community~Here is to a rocking 2011 together~Filled with Fun, Surprises and NEW Creations
Me too! It would be so much fun!!
Lol hell yea.
Smoking <<< grow up.
do you ever write about non-UK related NBA stories or do you just do negative UK stuff to piss us all off and hate on Cal?
i hate him so much. he's a bad writer with nothing interesting to say, ever.
oh yeah!! haha! love him..
sleepy eyes. I've given in. goodnite T. be good to each other. <333
a river? I thought it looked like a road :)
everythings always the guys fault
Imma see if i can still go tomorrow :o
what you know about dat
Was too scared to take a shower because of the picc line, so washed my hair. He really is the best.
Thankfully I'm not your father.
because a friend had no one else to go with an I am a good time. Better than the gym and grocery store!
Finished up in Detroit now on to san Diego !
Thank god for my wonderful husband who's taking care of our 1/2 acre grassy sprawl! I enjoy our beautiful yard, but it's too much work!
it was up Lizzie and ravens vagina
Anita Hill still looking to make a difference
Great job! Keep it up and thanks for sharing....we love when fans post songs!
DO NOT FORGET TO VOTE! VOTE! this Tuesday! Do your research, understand what they stand for and VOTE! Many judges are up for re-election!
I'll give you a shot out in the blog.
People gonna talk weather your doin bad or good
Sleep. Who needs it?
RT : Study Finds Early Childhood Educators Can Effectively Screen Students For Autism In Underserved Communities -...
#NP - Come on a Cone by This song is ON POINT!!!!!!
if you got eyes look at me now bitch.
Hahaha -- so sorry. Of course, I can laugh NOW! I have three daughters to envision this scenario.
Don't 4get 2 talk about the total lack of respect Rs currently show the POTUS; publicly rooting 4 his failure.
:D how are you??
Great week Bonamour! Congrats to Dakota Rea's team in Dallas, 24 appointments set with new team prospects, nice work!
Give credit where the credit is due ... Hats off 2 your parents ;)
omg id be ballheaded! hum maybe two-toned!
“: 3 of 4 winning teams at #pdxsw were run by women.”
New NFL attire by Nike >
"Obstacals are those frightful things u see when u take ur eyes off ur goals" so stay focus!!
Thanks for the follow <3!
It's a beautiful drive but it is very long!
The older I get, the faster it seemed candles burn.
aw you guys can join our fam! C: there's plenty of room
i believe this. i see this with women in my family. so sad. they sell out for money like "real housewives" shows gals
You are so kind David, thank you! <3
I admit to disagreeing with your viewpoint on many things, but this is an excellent post. Thx for sharing your thoughts!
No sticks no seeds.
We are working on a new album!!! Shows coming up soon!
send your fans some pics
If you are looking for good deals on digitizing, email: $15 for all Left Chest and Cap logos with in 5inches width
I'm living like there's no tomorrow, because there isn't one.
Part of teaching tech is allowing time to play with tech.
Sniffle nose, mouth breather, finger snapper sitting directly behind me in the library
I like him he's a physical corner
My youngest sister is graduating... I feel like an old man.
Ever notice Mother's Day Cards are WAY more expensive than other holiday cards and Father's Day Cards are buy one get one free?
After unpacking from a move with Baby N attached to me the whole time, my back and neck are killing me. I need an carrier STAT!!!!
well thanks but shout it out...tell ALL of Decatur to listen to it...tell the teacher to play it in class
I can confirm that rubs a mean pig and puts seakittens in their place (on the grill).
Listening to Parachute - got me hooked.
Haha, it is;)
Currently reviewing the #Zammuto album.
Write them down. You may want them later.
I did 'Absolutego' the other day. Just building up my stamina for an all-day marathon, switching tween that and 'Leng T'che'.
We added some new stores yesterday: Esprit (up to 9% cash back), SkinStore (up to 6% cash back), and SmileMakers (up to 6% cash back)!
Portland based Forkfly seeking an experienced iPhone developer. Pref full time. Send resume: joe.lepis(at)forkfly.com Plz RT
thanks for the dirty talk library i now have new text msg tones youre awesome
Budgets shaping libraries and libraries shaping budgets. Demands for accountability growing
shit on roosevelt and western you?
Moving into our new offices downtown... excitement abounds!!
bunk beds
oh my I hate when that happens.
Did you know: Apples are more effective at waking you up than coffee...
oh, my. the new Decemberists album.
You will be happy to know that has successfully procured a date for the show tonight.
#acm best song of the year is the house that built me miranda lambert
Can't wait for a Mike & Mike bullpen with and
Wow - a play change at the line and than an actual down field read.
to be honest I thought u were Khlia my bad. I didn't know u liked them guess u don't want to know what I think of them
I'm fat and I'm on my way to #fridaycoffeeclub!
You? Think how I feel!
poor sport? poor sport? for exercising my #Freedoms in #America? you
think the ladies put this one away! Great game LaDyCuSe!
Nice! Gotta do whatcha gotta do. #makingdreamshappen :)
Off to watch more #gameofthrones. Who will die, who will get laid, and who will be added to my "that character must die!" list tonight?
if vinny isn't on my tv screen wednesday night with the boyz ima cry. 
some guy on the internt told me to stop taking lsd dzhlsagsgggshs
Bout to start putting the story board together for our next video shoot!! Yeah buddy!!
Hey Ari!!! This is soo weird I feel like I'm talking to myself
#miriEisen is awesome! I want to be on the N.Dade board!
Sat sept 24.. My bday party going down inside the place call club 241..4637 white plains rd.,bx n.y. music by dj Frass Vybes and dj Coby. ..
I Love Y'all Man !! Y'all make ma world complete ! keep doing your thing and i'll always be here to love & Support :D #1<3
oh lord so much spanish vocab to learn :O
Thanks for this grt tip. One cup of blueberry juice daily can reduce blood sugar by 10 percent in just three weeks.
- must not be watching same TV channels, reading same mags, etc. But I admit, I have about 2 hours to spare due to LM...
thoughts on CU uniforms?
Britney Spears? WTF? Adam..... For real, boo?
I don't understand how the Jurassic Park ride is your favorite
Ambien gives some ppl hallucinations.
lol love how I call you and you're with freaking girls. i want to give up on you so bad.
freak my shit
what happened?
down to the last two... don't think i didn't catch your reverse jinx vote !
life changes people. Some for the better, others for the worse. So thats all good
back to school tomorrow :/ :(
It's nice to see the season ticket fan base get rewarded for their support of this team. Proud to have made a small difference.
Um hello? Island? Shoes?
LaHinas in PB, The Black Pearl in PB, Beachwoods in PB is way to pricey and has shitty service
HELLO, FROM MASSACHUSETTS!
Heisenberg needed a new language to discuss quantum mechanics. Art became an impt part of that language
Thank you.
Do society a favor and act like you've been to a fast food restaurant before.
RT “ Need to get a girl and leave these chicks alone.”
I concur. RT Joking would be a lot easier if everyone had exactly the same frame of reference as I do!
got my ears pierced..again. my ears are hot. literally.
Yes Sir, my mans drop the new single Head AZZ on radio last nite... Thanks bro
hello this is my poor attempt to get you to notice lil oll mee. And maybe reply back. REPLY BACK MOTHER FUCKER. please. :)
Thanks for the RT about #WineRiot! Will we be seeing you there this wknd?
hahahaha oh goodness ...
I love long talks with Even if it is 2:15. I am so grateful.
Protestors attacked in Boston & now Seattle! #Occupyburque #Occupyboston #Occupyseattle This is NOT democracy!
Shopping With My Dad Is The Best💚 #SpoiledBrat ✌
Buyers Need Negotiation Believe it or not, even in a roller coaster economy and buyer’s market, buyers still expect you to negotiate when
This class is such a joke
Go Ireland! Score is 24 to 8 right now! Kicking England's butt! These Irish lads can run!
Cody Johnson is a beast. That is all.
We Walked To Glemont Knowing Its Already Hot.
Just had a throwdown with a tangelo. The tangelo won.
So... Just started 1st weekend viewing of #titanic ...
I agree. I would def want to be there physically the whole time. video doesnt replace human affection.
Oh, man! Take care.
got that order Mel
I am creating a new blog, planning a tweetup and staring outside at the sunshine, wishing I was out playing in it! Come visit!
is grateful and looking forward to the future!
At Colorado Academy-Heritage boys lacrosse. First round of the playoffs.
Home from a great workshop with CD Eric Soliere. Nice to be in a room full of strong actors demonstrating their craft.
what's the deal with the 4 wheelers flying in and out of traffic on N Broad #keepingphillyfromrising kind of like Mad Max!
Late Night Happy Hour Tonight from 11pm-2am...stop by tonight!
you lucky ducky! I'm so jealous right now...grrr... :)
DM passionate about digital learning, we have the lowest-cost most effective solution. To help in your state who do we talk to?
National championship game! Let's go Kentucky
Good morning! I'm donating blood today. I want coffee!!!!!
I would've JUST cleaned out my water dragon's water dish & BAM, poos in it 1 min later. Without fail!
Finals week... blech
i just saw a hobo.
me too but been wishing I was at the gym or something haha.
Just went for a run & I don't think there's any feeling like the one after a good cardio session.
That is most fortunate, Hillary
Andy makes a nice manhattan.
I'd say Bacon, but I think anything Chinese is more likely
Parents, tell your children to study communicative disorders and sciences in college! #SLPeeps Speech Language Pathologists are in need!!
Glad to be back, too!
Happy Birthday Mang! I hope you are giving him his necessary spankings tonight!
I wanna see that too
Kevin,tell me why I just left your ass at the Movies,come home turn the t.v on & there u r again on BOUNCE T.V
So you like dating athletes and making sex tapes
We've come to the point where either I shave my head or try bangs again. Both could be minor disasters.
Fingers crossed for Portland! RT : portland or albacrackie are the west locations.
Liam liked Danielle since the day he saw her, but didn't say anything because he was scared she didn't like him
Headed out to see the tonight? Pop into the team store - It's Friends of Trees month! Watch your donation grow!!!
I spell success the same way as everyone else...one letter at a time.
Experience is by industry achieved And perfected by the swift course of time. - William Shakespeare
Sure! Nice tips!
Uncensored and no fucks given
oh thats right, so ive lost all my help....unless i bring the tv in the kitchen haha
"The #Titanic (1912-2012): Remembering the Era, the Music, and the Musicians" today at 2:30pm, performed by members of the MET Opera...
I think I'd actually be extra super impressed if it WAS a metal fork.
RIGHT?!?! Their stories make you want to slowly kill yourself, like Stfu and be happy! #dumbbitches!!
Listening To #Pandora And Have My Favorite Station, And My Favorite Song #DontCryYourHeartOut Comes On. I Start Singing+Dancing!
What are the chances of yer crush who just happened to be n improv show this eve sittin across yer table
Just added our other two songs on Reverbnation!! Sorry for the crap quality but we had to convert because the file size was way too big!...
Still looking for Outlook trainer? might be interested. Need more info!
Children living with single parents may be at higher risk of experiencing physical and sexual abuse and neglect that two parent families
Welcome to the Titans!
not laughing at all - it sounds a bit heartbreaking
You still have time to get tickets for tomorrow for The Great match in #nyc. Enjoy the best #spanish wine and #tapas: www.greatmatch.org
The MET&#39;s sprawling &#39;Pride and Prejudice&#39; held together by strong performances
lolololol so true
This afternoon's #tea of choice is the wonderfully-named 'White Monkey'.
or comparing
10% of #winesisterhood are misters. :D
Tobe - You can't motivate anyone - Everyone is motivated for their reasons, not yours
I'm so sorry that I missed out on the rest of this convo. I must admit, I am both silly and voracious.
. Thanks for all the RTs!
Hey girl, I want you to plant your tulips on my organ.
RT : Especially in this series vs. Roy Hibbert, Heat's most irreplaceable player is Chris Bosh. Awaiting word on status.
I was sick yesterday I wet home early.
#happymothersday to the most awesome wife and mother ever i ❤u
Frosted Flakes!
Rawktoberfest 2011. Tonight at Café Bourbon Street see you there.
if u got dreads take care of em...cuz dis nigga hair smell like gym class wtf sahn
SAY MY DAWG U GOT ANY TRAKS FOR ME I GOT U ON SUM SHIT LET ME KNOW HIT ME UP
It is nice to know I've developed reflexes + a louder voice in NYC. Thanks for listening + your good wishes/concern.
. my dad is having heart surgery this week so i might not be around for a few days but ill tyre to make most classes
Effing great Q&A at CU with As usual, I managed to ask meandering "question" for about 120 seconds. Yr welcome, academia.
can't wait for San Diego!!! 24 hours!
We will! RT : Tomorrow is the with in #Miami at Tropical Park! Who will be there?
I went there before!! OMG :o I feel cool :)
What type of retail would U like to see downtown? Remember, our recruiter doesn't scout nationals or chains.
Rockin out to the oldies on the way to Syracuse for the concert tomorrow with and their dad
hahahaa. just did :P but how do u know?
My 6yo just explained a playground game where kids go from Baby to Vegetable or Ketchup to Master based on achievements. Recess Gamified!
Bad bad bad night
A decision has been made. Nothing tastes good the day after burning your mouth with hot coffee.
Well there's safety in numbers, right?
Good morning Andy, I hope you have a wonderful and safe day. :)
I know, right?
#NeverShouldYouEver talk shxt to someone who fixes your food at a fast food place !!!!
I change my hair color a lot...but all my photos are me...you can even ask or ...I am real.
Writing new and faster music for you all! Get stoked!
Translation comes to my Facebook! Not only can I read my wall again, I can keep up with my Swedish/Hyper Island/non-english posting friends!
RT Check out 's booth at the Dairy State Beer & Cheese Festival! - very exited to be there!
Agreed! The book certainly didn't sugar coat his personality.
I wish more soccer games were like this one...very entertaining
I frigin hate this!!..
Full season maybe Schneids, but one big game, gotta have Muse RT : as a BC fan, no chance u take muse over schneider?
oh nvm. Send me his fb link lol cause they tell me I look like Uriel from the soccer team?
Groovy teachers - you can set achievable goals for your students and monitor their progress. Get engaged using I am INC! www.IamINC.biz
Dr. Suess predicted the K!!!
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 38
Portia! Love the polish and thanks for being such a class act during your visit. Mpls loves you! Safe travels.
something wrong with fez one not working, barcode one already redeemed :[
I hope most men said undershirt. When you see the outline of a man's nipples...that is not sexy.
I'm not in the mood for anything right now. I'm not mad or anything, i just really don't want to do anything.
They only have child sized 3D glasses left. There's no way my manly jowls will let this be comfortable.
Great meeting you ! Enjoying seeing how you're using social media in your practice.
Watching #OnceUponATime on ABC. I love how these fairy tales are getting interwoven into a single "universe".
i think cubby just crawled into my recliner. with me in it!
how can I get that first job at She's the First? I WOULD LOVE IT!
Holiday trains are totally gross. People still work today!!
it can't be that wrong... if there is a part of you that think it's right...
if followed me I would do the douggie and call everyone on my contact list even old ppl
Today's special at S.S is the Dockworker! A burger with piled on fries, coleslaw, and melty provolone for $8.75!
happy birthday!
All week long thru Sat, May 12th, you can workout for FREE! It's "Bring a Friend Week" at Wild Workouts! Call for class times! 414-364-0181!
I tripped over my dads cat and hurt my ankle and back.
so much fun to watch - what a great group of athletes
you tryna grab a blast?
Angry much?
Who thinks I'm weird!?
Riches won't help on the day of judgement, but right living can save you from death. Proverbs 11:4
Eric Dolphy once said of #kennygjazzfacts, "once it's over, it's gone in the air. You can never capture it again. Time to shed 'Songbird.'"
Another interview :) wish me luck!!
I gave my heart to rock n roll
VERY frustrated this morning. ALL of my sites w are unaccessible to anyone w - somebody better get their shit together.
no problem :)
New Twitter Name !
Do I actually get to take tomorrow off? My first day away from the theatre in a while. Rehearsals went great. Actors are well cast.
*awful? You've been watching too many Revlon commercials or believing the lies about looking better from Cosmo!
'Tis better to be followed and unfollowed than never to be followed at all.
For Big-50, hubs got me 6" heel 4" platform thigh-hi Stripper Boots. EVERYONE should have a pair!
To Justin timber lake had he beat night. He with Jessica biel and he gave Kobe hi five
RT : Interesting few days travelling through Ethiopia with Bob Geldof. Results on News at Ten this week
House is rocking so hard bottles of fell off the shelves!
“: After hearing all the stories im really embarrassed for myself :/”You and me both :/
thanks to everyone for the kind retweets of my contents =) You are all amazing!
Shmoozing like a champ!
How was your Mother's Day?
today... a B-. Filled needs but seemed to reached a lot. Best to grade drafts a few years down the line I know.
umm dont think the govt should be spending tax $ on *frivolous* commodities for the irrational masses.
is it really necessary to go through this again? just because I tweet something, it doesn't mean it's about you...
School is lame.People suck.I need boiled water for my lunch.Yhep it's a Monday.Love my boy.Get to juggle. Yhep it's a Monday.
FULLMETAL WAS DOPE NOW DURARARA!! IS ON #OTAKU TUNE IN
The Seattle Seahawks just picked OLB Bruce Irvin out of West Virginia with the 15th overall selection in the NFL Draft.
I wanna play the New Zelda : /
i agree.. if SM outcomes were measurable, someone would be making a lot more $$ right now
the match. It'll be interesting to see how it comes off on DVD.
No I did not just fall asleep after drinking a cup off coffee and wake up confused.
I want a pet Polar Bear
Wow, John Avalon's got his politics RIGHT ON! Independents are the future of America, and it's time we TAKE OVER THE BROKEN SHOW!
Thanks for joining my Diva Movement... im following back...you up for some networkin???
I miss you like a retard misses the pointt
I try to come up with the best things to say to and for them to follow but it never works
T1 - It's so hard to predict these things, but I think the endorsement by the AHA is encouraging.
I've been a sub lately; haven't had a successful fake rule sold to me yet; some aren't so smart, but others are savvy
RT : To be a champion, you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will. - Sugar Ray Robinson -
Geez hurry up!!!
Yup. Passed up to wade on the penultimate shot. Then last play was drawn up for Chalmers to take a 3 for the tie. BOSH!!!
My aunt gave me all these books to read and they've got a fair amount of like sex scenes in and I feel pretty awkward reading them now
Serz! NC is so backwards! RT : NC gays move to Iowa where you are full citizens. Casting Real Housewives of Dubuque now...
Justin Biebereaking Benjamin
I dont have any Toms but I have glitter converse but Ima wear nice shoes lol
Jimmy Shoes messed with the wrong guy. And girl.
Hi, Lana. I'm sending out invites for the next meetup. If interested, please send your email address!
Please help. Do I start a hot Damian Williams over DeSean Jackson?
Let's tcob tonight bucks. No more sloppiness.
Let's do it!
Truer words have never been spoken RT Loving Hall & Oates means never having to say you're sorry.
Showing my friend Mitch my #cheerlights and we want them red
#RejectedMittRomneySlogans My wife Ann has bigger balls than I do
Enjoy your 420!
RT if you've been a fan of since the beginning. :)
Just started my blog at trainerd.blogspot.com. Check it out. Still a work in progress.
Monday has been good to me, with a new Mac Book Pro. I am getting it all dialed in.
At 2011 regional US Forum Microsoft. Looking forward to keynote
Doctor's appointment at 9 a.m tomorrow. SO NOT looking forward to it. :(
I don't know whether to congratulate you or sympathize.
Still in the gym !
SO... Sweet sixteen party for Poppet this weekend. No creepy creations this weekend either, it seems. My head will burst w all the ideas!!!
Happy birthday to #edchat, a Tuesday Twitter tradition that is two years old this week! If you're new to #edchat, start here:...
LamLam is the best he a real bad ass man :) where you at Lam :) ?
Thank you, Matt.
Best I ever had <3
The Christmas Blessing airs tonight at 6 EST on Lifetime. A man struggles with his purpose & finds the answer through a little boy.
the real question is, who will use them first? haha
I just really love dogs okay
Blackhawks just gave me a reason to stay up later.
Hearing on the radio makes me happy :)))
Police escort to stadium. Pretty cool!
does playtone have a director in mind for AMERICAN TABLOID?
1,434,540 total records so far in the American Archive Inventory Project. Here comes 1.5 million!
Don't forget my answer- Paul Ryan 4 his budget, bravery 4 taking on entitlements; & standing strong wen hit by fellow Rs like Newt
A hybrid is a perfect car to do a drive by in haha
IT'S TUESDAY! TIME TO GRAB LUNCH @ THE SMILING MOOSE!(11am-3pm) As usual... AWESOME FOOD & DRINK SPECIALS AWAIT YOU!
great mission and execution on #squirrels4good. super-bravo.
get to see la familia later today :) happy 2nd bday to my little cusin Guero !
December Special: Buy a Galaxy Ballast + a SunSystems Reflector (min $100) & we'll give u $75 towards a new Lamp! In-store only.
Don't feed me scraps that's not cool-I want to go to doggie school!
I like what ya doing bro. Tasha let me check ya out. It's like we both embracing the old school. Keep it up
OK, we're back... lots of great #SOT info this morning so here we go...
Yes! It was a blast.
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 6
Woohoooo !! we shall be the only Mexicans there! cant wait:)
#ThingsPGKidsSay swag man Joe? That nigga wit the nubby fingers that looks like master splinter?
policy sounds familiar vaguely. Still I have sat thru many hour plus comment period so 12 doesnt seem like many
I HAD TACO BELL EARLIER TOO!! :D
Not surprised but had no idea.
Shirt turnin translucent. Work on puttin up the AC Potus
What's your favorite kind of taco?
Say the GD letter not the damn numerial answer
I've been doing alot of thinking.....
Looking for followers #followback allways follow back all the time
text me then (:
Chicooo what yo cool a$$ up to?
There is a point in time when your friends stop being your friends and become family.. Im so blessed to have a bunch of brothers & sisters!
RT : At birth, a baby’s stomach can digest about 1-2 teaspoons of breastmilk. In the first week, it grows to hold about 2 ounces
YAY! CONGRATS Beasts of the Southern Wild! Can't wait to see the film. Big up
Sorry P. accident
Reading Love for No Reason - amazing book.
everbody in the USA needs to push obama to legalize cannabis just need 100,000 people.
Jobs said it best... you have 10 of those already while waiving his hands... :-)
Hi, thanks for the RT!
BTW I still need to make up for our last interview too
The best I've found is concentrated and pure and priced right. I take at least 4000 mg/day www.5StarFishOil.com
Ha, update of the old Wings/Beatles thing.
dang it victor!!.! That's bad for you!!!!
thanks for the follow...we never charge extra for emergencies, weekends, holidays or nights...24/7
Prince Ama will be on the "Break That Single show!" to talk about indie reggea,world beat, and the music industry 11am-1pm PST
isn't coming near your city on the mini-tour
Naw after the 2013 year cause y'all class booty
Why you cryin'?: I am NOT the Acosta in the Acosta v. Huppenthal suit. No llores!
told you. So I showed the movie you made me in class today and they loved it. :)
Attention everyone! Let's get "Rock Steady" tonight at Wall St. in Murfreesboro w/ Show starts at 10! Whose coming?
Going to keep blogging, but won't be every calendar day. (Unless of course...there is just that much going on.) :-)
Packing for New York!!
I hope you know your making me cry right now.
hey will you please give a shout out to ? It would mean the world to her
SPEs can get ~half hour warning. Not enough for orbital flight, but enough warning to ground a suborbital flight!
I appreciate you caring & all, though~ hah
Can we help? RT : Dogtastrophe last night! The cutest puppy in the world has fleas! A 1 am bath will be followed by a shearing....
damn.... alright, after lunch im dropping out
sorry!! Cant just wait and jointhe movement! Or at least do it for me haha
i love when we cake it up :))
Don't cry because it ended. Smile because it happened:)
Look out Mr Romney! The Liberal Media are out in full force to tear you down! They'll seize every opportunity!
Hawaii's national park visitors pumped $252M into economy
Since we are delayed, does anyone have any tips on interviewing people for magazine articles?
Dam I guess I am gonna get that Picture First ! (: and girl i wouldve snuck on they bus forget keisha !
You are welcome :)
Thinking I need to get it together for summer
Woo its FRIDAY!!! Very excited for this wonderful day!
So I found a video on my moms computer of Royce from high school singing to me :-) them days >>>>>> ;)
Jazz greats Hank, Thad, and Elvin Jones!
Edge Spears His Way Into the Hall
Today you can decide to be the person you always thought you would be
Is it the job I think it is??
Police: suicide note was written on the side of a vehicle on the #Montrose homicide-suicide scene
If u could ask God one question , What would it be???
washing my car storm clouds coming ..always
Find Your inner #BEASTMODE and get shit done!
finally warm days in nyc!! time to go dance some salsa at la cubana at 8pm and then off to new spot foundation....good times!
My birthday is in 3 days! wooooohooooooooooo (:
loll thanks I needs change mine soon D:
Good morning all. Wishing you an amazing day.
On my laptop. :3 It's been a long... long time. xD
I don't think we ever got his name. slender/lanky a bit older, glasses, energetic? Would love his name to incl in blog post
I believe and deserve a S/O for throwing a legit ass rager lastnight. It's too bad the cops cut it short!
Great minds ...
great to see you and your brother again at the AMA gift lounge. You guys made my day :) Kerry from
is killin it at PLAY already. Get here now!
Schoolyard is #MarchMadness headquarters, We’ve got 19 plasma TVs and great game day camaraderie. Come watch with us.
what kind did you get?
Another long day filming the activity week. Scripts are written ready for tomorrow's green screen filming!
ok. That was relatively entertaining.
wit da dreads?
where can I read it?
U is killin it :-)
Watching The Golden Girls with my breakfast. :)
Life's more amusing than we thought. ~ Andrew Lang
Cain talked with Abel his brother: it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him.
Great morning visiting Buford Middle School. Another awesome school!
WWW.HUBIGS.COM
7:30 PM :)“: Today, FREE reading by Robert Boswell, Eleanor Wilner & Mat Johnson. Carson Ballroom in Old Main.
lucky, mine started two weeks ago:(
Watching Rince Nia Academy of Irish Dance warm up. Join us at 11:30 to see these dancers take the stage.
Snow E. Mann Independent Snow Management ConsultantNorth Pole | Entertainment --who said #LinkedIn didn't have a sense of humor?
what do you get for $2 grand nowadays at the Verizon Center? Two fifths of vodka?
#Dipity! Pls load content faster, make phases of digital time lining printable for assessment, and get sharing features to actually work!
You're not still Jenny from the block. Not in that high chignon.
Just picked up my books at and so excited to share them with my community!
Gotta get fielder now
People is crazy these days
RT : learned more about drupal today than in the last 2yrs of intermittent fiddling. and going to learn even more tomorrow!...
Join CRA's efforts to help those in Haiti. We are supporting PIH. To learn more or to donate visit www.standwithhaiti.org.
RT : We all know a douchebag named Mike. ||
1) don't ever take a pic in the mirror, unless you're in jersey. 2) I think that is against corp rules to wear those off duty
WILSON HOT TAMALES
it's morphed into bloody Mary's on my back porch
When are you leaving? Will you still be in town for the auction at Christie's on May 15th?
Today's gift card winner is COURTNEY PIERCE. Congratulations!
nope. We will have beers from Flying Dog, New Belgium, DuClaw, Blue Moon and Leinenkugel. Over 15 different beers
Happy halloween my tweets! Get dressed, get drunk, and live for the moment!!!!!
Agree. Did u know Pages has special gestures akin to arrow keys? Would be a nice system-wide optional feature.
Just disabled sharing on facebook. While it was fun, I really just want to listen to Justin Bieber all day.
So does this mean wealthy developers will no longer require sweeping property tax breaks to build in #Baltimore?
thanks so much and same to you!
Does twitter benefit you in anyway, shape or form?
We're told no-sugar-added Wild Strawberry swirls phenomenally w/Dreamy Dark Chocolate; we don't know, we're still inhaling Banana Pudding.
Minnesota GOP Chair Shortridge, re: landlord dispute - "We believe we're on track to settle this matter without further legal action"
How's it going? I was at boot camp when you called.
I never skipped class until i went to Wilkinsburg,,, that shit use to fun,,,
"Let's face it: databases weren't made for non-information professionals." Diane Fulkerson #infolit session at
Went to doctor today to have the wax drained from my ears. Woah, I was living the last few months on mute!
oh good I still can remember things. Thanks.
hell yea lol we balled out doe playa
Good morning every one..i am back.....
I really want white miss me shorts :(
Hm... Very little wine selling tonight... Must be #craftbeer week!
homeonwer homecoming a succuss this weekend!
STRONGER RT : KELLY CLARKSON!!!!!!!!
Time keeps passing, and yet, not one single word?...
Umm you rock
We're giving away #UWM mobile tshirts at the Union right now!
did I say anything bout drafting him first round. No. He's still a dominant player. He's RANDY MOSS!!!
who said it was okay to be perfect? And who said it was okay to go off killing teenage girls with your grinding skills? -.-
hey Harrison want to wager on that series call?
yes!! me too!:D
Looking for the perfect art ? Let me paint it for you ! www.pbjcreations.com
I might just take you up on the offer - thanks! I'd love some insight into the process. Address it to anyone in particular?
Soup of the week?! Now we're talkin'!
Believe in yourself.
I haven't forgotten about you Emily and Peyton couldn't forget you even if he wanted to.
Have gunny sacks become so commonplace that NO ONE wants any, for free?
- nature as demonstrated in life is evidence in favor of the existence of God.
Slowly getting ready for work lol, its so cold :(
Get your vote on! SGA Elections end tomorrow!
This was a good fight.
A boat is a boat. But the mystery box could be anything. It could even be a boat.
But at least I can say I don't lie to or mislead my customers, and each photo that is (badly!) taken in my shop is mine.
how is J.Lo endorsing everything??
Just saw an event flyer with 6 different fonts. Somewhere a graphic design instructor is weeping openly.
Rep Koch is taking copious notes re possible amendment
Hahaha!! : Me: "Ever heard of botulism?!" : "Yeah, but I don't tend to study other religions."”
Recipe contest again.The best recipe won a free 3 months installation of eMenu or a free meal. Mail your recipe at
We wish you were here too! #iabcseattle event - excellent speakers and content on #storytelling!
98 percent of government websites are pathetic
We're playing all night long Friday with all proceeds going to benefit Show starts at 10pm. C'mon down and dance!
can you help spread the word that we'd want you on our show? Your welcome anytime!!!
#ImSoBold I bathe in Wheat Thins
Tell me a name of a perfume or cologne that you can't find anywhere
Research and Markets: Real Analysis: a Historical Approach, 2nd Edition is an Ideal Book for Courses on Real Analysis ...
I'm at Broad Ripple!
cause we indie baby!!!
Yo we need to hit up ab the #blessthesebeats project we talked ab
Friday Follow is had. Time for Monday Follow. #MF Cig Cinemas #webseries crew.
will do and after i send that information for her whats the next step ?
go yanks
Leg massage
Today's my Dad's Birthday! <3
Take this life and let it shine.. Your will, your way. Always.
"The world's best speedboat captain isn't able to pilot an oiltanker". - Andrew Cirne #StartpUpstart #CEOtransition /cc:
Maybe it's time to go to sleep now
not what I expected. But overall not a bad pick.
29 tho? smh....Guess ima have to get my lie in order
it'd be cool if the radio stopped playing pumped up kicks period never again
I'm still at work :( so I can't lol
RIP Earl Scruggs
oh they are all good and equally dangerous!
That and Horses Hoe.
stuck at the lib dealing with the power outage. F
Yea it's hard to top the Eliminator album by ZZ Top. However, had a strong showing in the 80's with Back in Black
I'm just trying to keep the recliner warm today.
S/o too muahz*xO
I dont ever get excited for anything. But knowing he always waits for me&walks me to class gets me aliddle excited to see him when i do ^_^
The last 24 hrs have been a little rough...REALLY glad comes home tomorrow! Can't get here soon enough!
is there any way to hear the good word out on long island?
Ok, need to be prosperous today - I'm on it! Thanks phriend!
Woohoo! Glad you loved it! #TheAvengers is TOO frakkin' #AWESOME!!!
Spending time with my dog. It's awesome.
thanks for dropping by our prez this morning!
Interested in how history shapes the law? Follow and check out his book on The Great Commoner, WJB.
It's great to hear my uncle play guitar again. He's still my biggest musical hero.
oh, I missed your caps haha! & I'm actually doing very great bootifuel, wbu?! & OH MY GOSH, DID YOU SEE IT?! *ovaries gone*
TornadoTitans thanks for following me on Twitter!
Hispanic Heritage Celebration today 12 - 2 pm in the SU Galaxy rooms.
#LR3 final tally: 5825 photos taken and imported into #Lightroom. The 2012 Catalog opens tomorrow. Need a new hard drive.
Are there good clothing out there these day?. Are you spending $ on garments made quickly that comes apart in the wash? What to do?
Great! Awesome to have you in the book!
#SyracuseOrangemen defamation suit IS DROPPED
I still like you.
#GrandpaFred I guess we decided to pick up and take it off hey Llanda? Yes they's..probably..with the..hold it would you?
I was told mid September. I'm hoping for a free copy of the book for attendees!
okay bitch
Thank you - you guys rock! RT : Thanks, Led! Always a pleasure to hear from you.
What do you spend more time on: Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin, Pinterest?
better than last test?
Ohio is LITERALLY gonna be down to like 10 voters who will make the difference. Smh.
The script<333
Definitely the weather for it, good choice! - RT : Its just one of those bbq days.. Today is a good day!
": Jesus christ!!! Your pride, your indecisiveness, your stubbornness <<< #JustStop" that's every women.
A fav teacher and rolemodel really liked that thought RT : Assess yourself as the unexamined life is not worth living. Socrates
Shoot an email to to learn more. Love what you're doing! Keep it up!
Still going on: RT : THC DUI bill up in House State Affairs now. Sounds like testimony will be limited to 30 minutes per side.
hahah.. In my fat stomack!!:) how are u bro? When we play diece? In couple weeks my new song be out! I am stoked
Sounds like we need to exchange playlists
All these upsets are making me nervous!!
Wish you were here.
It's gonna be crazy!
So I didn't have to wait after all thank goodness
I Shoudlve Gone To The Mint Yesterday After Citadel Lol Just Noticed Billy Was Gonna Go! shouldve bought those tix!
At shack in the wood's gettin ripped!! Henny, Corona's and laptop on deck!! Find me if u can !!
Can't wait to get dressed up tonight
Schindler: Now less of a difference between for-profit & not-for-profit orgs
Young men or Daddy's?
Tell him grill does not have to = meat. I vote for a cheap >$80 grill so he can grill veggies this summer. Veggie kabobs! :)
Dad's love gadgets, new iPhones are PVC free, Bromine/Mercury free, Arsenic free, and packaging made from recycled material
yup yup you gonna be the photo lady tomorrow? :)
I meant two.
Gosh girl we haven't talked in forever on herr!!!
Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest?
#reenvisioningnagel All of this pbl takes even more skills beyond academic skills. how do we teach these skills AND all of academic ones?
My hair is being such a dick today.
Original Star Spangled Banner is a sight to see. Every American should visit.
I changed all my passwords to ‘incorrect’. So my computer just tells me when I forget.
Nope! And I was so impressed with myself for getting to class 5 mins early this morning
King James
So is Eli now considered the better Manning?
OH: There's a whole separate thunder section
Rhads has some super tough shoes to fill!!! Still have "Ballgame!" as a part of my ringtone. Miss ya Josh!
thanks dude! because it we didn't get one, we would've burned the place down.
: and others preserved plenty via quoteURL, blog, etc.
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER❤ HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! FOLLOW HIM! #_ILOVEYOUDUDU <3
Someone should create a fake "Good Jose Veras" account. You'd only have to tweet once a month
awwh n.n
:) RT : Honestly don't think I'd sleep if I didn't have to. SO excited about this life. Thank you everyone!
gimme some!!!
Gumbo from is super yum!
I'm watching #community just for you! can't wait to discuss!
Summer of 2010 Christina P. 23 year old café waitress who'd been a unsigned songwriter went from obscurity to the upper reaches in 2 weeks!
This is why I love the NBA finals....
There is nothing wrong with change, if it is in the right direction!
' Girl did Amber tell yu about last nite?
one of our recruits will be on campus today. She'll be under the guidence of next yr.. The perfect person to learn from..
Well if we are talking about the cracker he was probably in the box.
Goodmorning everyone :) it's FRIDAY!!!!! oh yeah 8)
I. Freaking. Want. Sushi. 😪
ordered a ukelele! yes.
Seattle Wine Awards Deadline April 1.
you are too cute.
GO ANDRE, IT'S YO BIRTHDAY! #DODGERS FTW!
Patron needed library card number. Is it so hard to be polite? Please and thank you? I'm not a machine.
simply o, simply o, simply o.. hot new webshow just for you..
No Pulitzer for fiction? I didn't agree with the finalists but there were some gorgeous works out there. Anyone else stymied?
Teachers should lose their tenure for lecturing on syllabus day
what a cop out, chasing it!!! What???
Tebow's career in Denver.
I'm dirty I'm dirty I'm dirty as hell. I'm dirty I'm dirty I'm Timmy x3.
I love that. :) I hope she had a lovely birthday!
Would like a cookie cake for my birthday!
Take a look at some of our amazing $1.01 deals! Haircuts, manicures, Pizza, smog checks, socks, belts, FOR $1.01!
but not as cool as standing with a cardboard cut out...
Ahh getting away from papercovers OK. Now I'm pretty much looking forward to my trip to Estes Park Colorado for my cousin's-
Top 10 Questions Businesses Asked Us About Facebook Marketing
fuck yeah we love you!
My mentions are dead.
is clear, present, and dangerous.
mine is Eli but I want Bob Papa saying the Giants won the Super Bowl
why you dont like my team babygirl its all about the
YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS... POSSIBLE PLATFORM ITEM 2012.. LOWER DRINKING AGE? VOTE ON IT FIGHT FOR MY COUNTRY BUT CAN'T DRINK A BEER!
Farm porterhouse steaks, haricots verts, and mashed potatoes with Chilean carmenere red wine rocked the home dinner tonight. Sweet.
35,000 feet above ground. In flight wi-fi is undoubtedly my number one priority when flying.
it IS me! Are you going to the conference?
Make this a Magnificent Monday, friends! I'm off and running... 
Motivation! I am not haha, I'm packing up my stuff to get it out the way. Don't really take anything... How's your week?
She Saw Something In Me That, Til This Day I Don't Know If I Could Be That. But I'ma Die Trying.
Walter Trout rules. Too bad he is not a household name in music. Shows how far we have regressed. He is a guitar and blues beast.
I need relief
I thought it would be Macha throwing to 'the prince of darkness'
up early with the benefit of john's loud-ass alarm. on the bright side: now i don't have to hear mine.
I keep gettin offers for Mahogany...i do wanna sell her but at the sametime I dont, its my 1st car, my baby an parting ways gone b hard!!!
Changed tense (present to past) and focused POV (single person) on one complete chapter.
thanks for the #FF!
The Price household in #mansfieldpark, with nine children and far too much "bustle," is a literary advertisement for
Ty! In case any of you imagined that all of....
Happy Easter!
It's confusing because you're 200 pages in and the bird still hasn't died....
Hannah just isn't as good as the other dancers, face it Debbie.
Thank you! Looking forward to keeping up with your tweets!
King&#39;s Bay Gold Corporation commences its spring work program on the Menary Gold Project as located in the Rainy River ...
haha those would be some sexy kids(:
And, we thank you for building such awesomeness! :-) ^jom
Lmfao. Someone took the diamond out of my moms wedding ring and she is P.O.'d. Wayy too funny.
We're always hiring for various things so keep your eyes peeled. :-)
Cranky Tax Help. IRS Pub525, Pg31, Other Income: BRIBES. If you receive a bribe, include it in your income.
Wilhelm Tell Pageant is this weekend in New Glarus. Can't decide whether to go? Our story last year on the abridged version...
Testing out the system with some here in ABQ
is delicious! : Happy National Grilled Cheese Day! What place in #Bethesda serves your favorite #grilledcheese?
thank you!!! Vet thinks she's german shepherd-husky, or wolf. Not sure!! She's a goofball!
Osama Bin Laden is Dead, Any thoughts on this?
Join Lotties Lounge, Seattle's best neighborhood bar, on New Year's Eve for our action-packed party!!
Baby got backnea<<<<
yeah,my brother graduated and we went to a buffet,the people were just awful. Now we're at a bakery...same thing. Shoving...
John and I spoke this afternoon. I think we were able to help as well.
DATE NIGHT: When your "hot date" doesn't begin until your kiddos are asleep, sometimes you just NEED to put them to bed EARLY!
#np kid cudi, make her say.
its a snowglobe out there! we are open for classes and lessons today - if anything changes, we will update you immediately
Hey! Why not check out our EP? It's free and you might like it... www.keycommittee.com. Shows around town coming soon...
*flicks u off*
RT I got 5 comrades in Ohio...ya'll 2...plus <Ohio takeover, what u THOUGHT?
Insert High Kicks!
He just replied :) RT": and just now you remember to tweet about it ☺? Sudany much =))"
: RT: New baby cousin. Absolutely precious!
I'd predict who the #Packers are going to select, but the NFL Draft doesn't come with brackets.
Just ate at #sullivanssteakhouse in king of prussia PA. Naturally met a Clemson grad.
When making a info aggro site/app don't have my profile on the homepage taking up 1/4 of the screen!
At rebooting democracy, looks like people sleeping in this morning, but Erica is waking us up now!
Great question. Not sure. Wonder if it's a static # captured when measuring overall grad/college-going rates.
Hey Chinatown, it's actually the year of the chupacabra, we will be by chinese ruby Tuesday's across from the chinese bed bath and beyond!!
Wonder what that big lotto winner is thinking today ....
Thank for the RT my man! Have a great start to the week
All my friends from high school know about my life because of Facebook. I don't know if this is a good or a bad thing.
My friends probably wish I'd wear a bell. I always sneak up on 'em. xD
nope cause I get to read YOUR tweets(;
Was I ever a teenager?
Gotta learn to put on clothes before producing new track!! I got no shame!! Cochino!!
Its summer, if u own a pool, your my new best friend!!! :)
It is the birthday of Victorian poet Robert Browning, who wrote, "Grow old along with me!/ The best is yet to be."
Wishing all of you a very Happy Easter!
.5t vanilla, .3c powdered sugar, 2t milk, whisk and drizzle over warm cinnamon rolls.
very interesting to meet the folks . talked about some radical ways to represent places, journeys, imagined journeys.
Danielle I'm scared now. Don't hurt me! :)
Cool note from wishing all filmmakers good luck in the forthcoming festival notifications...guess 2012 is upon us :)
Love the Chris Farley type loose tie & coat look! Did he just come from a "Van down by the river"?
In ramona with and
hurrah! two more days and it's birthday!
proud of you, sounded awesome! sorry i didnt stay, i know its going to be amazing, cant wait to hear the album,your fan John
haha you know me too well! Send 'em my cheese resume, please :)
D.C. here I come
North bound. Spontaneous road trip w/ & to watch the Pack play at Lambeau. Go pack go
Always have bud, never have a bitch to smoke with
How did know what I wanted for my birthday? Yes I'd love to go to your store and swap your busted modem.
Kiss me beneath the milky twilight. Lead me along the moonlight floor.
Time off, which means time to look up hair cutting videos! Yayyyy!
haha you can be when you need to be! Lol and I haven't heard from you in awhile!
Whole Foods intimidates me.
Big rain in Atlanta today. Lots of thunder and lightning.
hi there loved your "fiverr" story :). Maybe that beat box guy can do a cool birth announcement LOL! Miss u
My goal is 2 lose 60 pounds by da end of the winter & i will do whatever it takes 2 lose it all starting by running 4 an hour twice everyday
- like.. Learn how to Skype?
works for us! How far do you deliver? We can get you up for takeout or menu listing atleast!
Wow. Tru RT 2 Chainz is charging 100k for a verse now cause he's G.O.O.D!!!!!!
Bummer that this signature event is supposed to represent the diversity of San Diego artists but it's described in those terms.
we also live in a system that would rather destroy the peopleless homes rather than allow the homeless occupy them.
Thanks for following! cb
warm out o' the oven bread sounding pretty good
yay for real friends!
#MyBiggestFearIs wearing the same thing as someone else to a party. Always have to be #original!
and those without twitter...all I can say, is good luck.
Just tuned in, my favorite show on ! Hoping for lots of stuff on my Celtics today!
yayy ! do you like it ?
you are my hero!
Practice tonight! Free Show at The Foundry on Friday at 9!
This is the best episode of , and one of the best pieces of travel/food journalism, I've seen.
Sick of turkey samiches in ziplocks
Trying to figure out how to use as my twit host
In wwe magazine, instead of alex riley getting the best entrance music award, should have gone to Cody Rhodes.
Bad weather on the horizon. Montgomery, Alabama, my current location is under a severe tornado warning.
“Why is patience so important?" "Because it makes us pay attention.” ― Paulo Coelho
Community was renewed! Big old smiles over here.
"alumni" is the plural form of the word "alumnus" (or "alumna" for the ladies).
lmfaooooo for a second i thought this was jonghyun....then i saw it was you lmao
Shall we call it a move of desperation?
So tonight's choices so far are the daughter of Harry Cox or a Tennessee hillbilly w/ a Dad that doesn't drink? Bring on Courtney!
: HR 2366, Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act, reduces #deficit and increases liberty. PLZ support in Senate!
Seriously... i miss surprise chocolates in my drawer, Pei Wei lunches, and happy faces on my car.
santa monica, did you take your profile pic at club My House in hollywood
I probably should.. You coming to see Seussical this weekend?
Chick I work with is married to a woman, but she say she aint gay... So what are you then??? Lol
When you die, let's remember the good that you did, if only for a day. R.I.P. Joe Paterno
Think I KILL GIANTS by made me cry. So I lent it 2 a friend. She'd better cry!
where can one find out about your affiliate program?
She won't be lonely long. (:
continues to #wow #speaking #conference + #event #audiences w her #amazing #keynote #lectures abt #food #security +
Come to the howlin wolf northshore!!!
We can meet the needs of pharmaceutical distributors from Retail to Radio, from single item deliveries to custom route service. 877-527-5737
that's exactly what yours did to mine <3 aww yayyy :) i'll hug you when we'll finally meet one day :3
number game for rate?
Dear - today is #Earth Day. Sending 3 unnecesary paper notices, in 3 separate envelopes, is not helping SAVE THE EARTH!
thanks for the mentions! We love you guys. See you at happy hour tonight! 330-6pm!! Cheers
San Diego #Chargers agree on a 4-year contract with former New Orleans Saints wide receiver Robert Meachem
Allen Gregory still not funny.
Well my mom totally bailed on me..great
it's time to get WEIRD
What does he need? We have snacks.RT : Rep. Kriesel holds up sign to TV cameras during prolonged #Vikings stadium debate: "HELP"
I hear that! I need some suya right now.
it is really nice for venting with
I'm a general co-chair & preparing registration & other logistics. I'll DM you so we can get the panel on the full program
Thank you for the mention!
Completely uncomfortable, an obstructed view of everything because it's close to a wall outlet for your charger. That.
Social Media & Human Resources underway upstairs!
Awww, shucks. Thank you!
woot!!! MT : #Caps score at 4:20 of the 3rd period. John Carlson with his 2nd goal of the playoffs on the PP. #Caps lead 2-1.
It's Wisconsin- people get olives in their Manhattans.
improvement needs to be recognized
That wasn't just any cheese either... That was good Whole Foods cheese! Shredding cheese is the only kitchen thing I can do.
Elite Hoops wants to know who do you have tonight: Kentucky or Kansas?
THXS 4 retweet jackson.Hope u had a good day today.
Up to my eyeballs in stylesheets and HTML.
Yep that's what I typed into Bing translate RT “: I'm gonna take a stab at that one ...top of the morning to you?”
Eva said in her crib "Hello nana, hello mommy. what doin. Are you pooping?"
sunday kinda love
b/c
Good that you can rely on the Lord's strength during those times. I don't know how people get through without Him.
you love gas stations?
yes! They're like popin out it sucks haha :(
Oh no worries I agree he is a stellar horse!
I'm enjoying an honors program lecture by my colleague Jake Howland, on "Plato's Republic and the Politics of Convalescence."
Whose up
Hope it can compete with the Klass remix :)
you are wild
Be in the Office Without Being in the Office
12 "Marketing Super Powers" - #2 The Power of Showing Up - You can't expect to get more business or referrals if you don't show you care
Yay new followers! Thanks FindMyHost, , , , , , , and !
california is calling my name
Our road trip home mascot, Woody.
This heat... is for the birds!!!
she's great. she and nugget are really hitting it off.
My mom told me no more facial piercings. I'm pissed. I want my double nose piercing. I'm just gonna stretch
I wish all the folks complaining that there haven't been enough zombies in #WallkingDead get devoured by actual zombies. Tons of them.
It's like the world was covered in a giant sheet of white paper and backlit.
Already have an exam tomorrow in my summer class. Didn't I just have a final last friday? Damn you UK
he's one lucky dude
": I like being on my back wit my legs up and a big mac in my mouth" bahahaha, with the soda on the side,
Hmn I wanna meet a female guru lol is there such Thang:p?
The Sauk County straw poll results are in and Tommy won with 80%.
Got a thank you from - one of the funniest, most down to earth food guys on tv.
Salsa Saturday's at Wherehouse!!!! Don't forget to get your iSalsa Tshirts while ur on the floor with us tonight... YEAH BUDDY!!!
Can't f stand Lazy ass people that micromanaged you when they're milking the system!!!!! -Need to do something about it!
yea at times
BET is doing a tribute to Whitney right now- playing her videos.
Oh, and Happy Mother's Day to all you mamas out there!
My guess YES. From my interp. of #history, brutality occurs when no one stands against it. Witness Africa.
where at on your phone?
RT : Last night was the best steak I'd had in a long timeAbsolutely amazing
When you feel like you're swimming upstream, flip and float.
have the best day ever!
no problem! whens your next cover coming up? make sure you tweet me the link(:
Bite your tongue sir.
woah dont touch that square shell get mad.dont call her a square either, shell rip your hair out.(cayzzzz) ♥
i'm having my site built in wordpress right now, and i want some cool widgets, specifically a calendar widget
Today we celebrate Saint Patrick’s Day! Did you know that green was a color considered unlucky in Ireland?
I'm going on a road trip to Nashville this summer...who wants to go with me.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to Japan, Hawaii and anyone else who has been affected by this earthquake/tsunami.
no longer seeking UX designers for our contract position, thanks for all those that reached out.
you are my inspiration and true gay icon! #tear i love and respect you mother monster! one day i hope to meet you! xoxo
Y can't I get u off my mind😔
Yard sale went good, could've been better though. Now back to the nightlife I concentrate.
learnings.org is hilarious stuff... sad but true.
get me a way there and a place to live and i will 100% do it! :)
RT : Even simpler: Rondo, Bradley, Pierce and Bass are 1-for-17.
I am not an advocate for retention at any grade, as a former hs ppal age becomes a factor in students and their desire to dropout
Lol Wow Ethan! Nice job! Haha :P
can you unfollow me please? your annoying.
Almost done with formatting everything!
RT : "If you have to choose between a great lipstick and a great pair of shoes-Choose Both." style wisdom from 85 year old Lucy
When picking a cooking oil you don't want the flavor to be too strong, b/c as it heats the more the flavors come out.
#YouKnowHerCoochieStink if her name is Renata.. Something about that name says Stank!
That was the first bath he's had in over a month that didn't involve a meltdown or screaming match. Woot!
TXCV would like to wish & thank all of our veterans a happy veterans day!
Marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right and the other person is the wife.
I still have a place in my heart for band boys.. They look so sexy when they are singing.
Thanks for the shout out! Follow us and the author
Tonigt its going down at idle hour lounge 21+ to enter no cover all night 8601 w. Grand... don't miss out!!! Spread the word!
hahah we no hang out doe :(
yes you do, so we need to make legit plans soon!
I want to watch the video of the giant centipede fighting the snake, but I don't want to enter the Socialcam universe.
just saw Hands on a Hardbody!! Awesome!
We #Pens fans just went through same thing after game 3. Ridiculous what some people say. It's the 21st century. Grow up.
Can't wait for #SherlockPBS tonight - so much to do before then though.....
He put a nasty note on my car two weeks ago & tonight he came home late stoned & decided to make scene
it's 5 o clock in the morning ;D
Tokyo has been amazing.. The food, the people, the culture. Thanks for everyone who came down to the gigs. Tonight - Bangkok!
Release date for the new "Testimony 2-Live in Los Angeles" is set for November 8th, 2011. Pre-order dates coming soon!
Odenkirk = King Midas of comedy. Looks like your something of a renaissance man these days?
Tell Her About It by Billy Joel was the #1 song on this day in 1983. Billy is my man.
So right you were! I was well prepared for the event 2 DAYS EARLIER!
I did...and still am
i hate lax... one of my least favorite airports. why are the domestic and international gates so far apart. i wanna know.
#SMHHH when people get mad & don't tell you why -.-
What have you done that is #healthy for your temple (your body) in the past 30 days???
Birthday Tomorrowww(: #EXCITED :D
hahahaha that is seriously truth hahaha
You're welcome! is one of my favorite things on twitter!
np. Are you posting pics anywhere?
MT : An oligarch, like Pete Petersen convenes a meeting of Washington elite 2 discuss #socialsecurity. Who represents us?
Alcohol, cussing, fan ejections, security...oh yeah, Lakers fans are in town. I'm gonna make a calendar of fan photos!
JADE! HAVE YOUR BROTHER FOLLOW ME!
The hunt is back on... stay tuned and check back tomorrow to find out how you can win tickets to the WBC!
People made of many parts-does them a disservice to only look at them as being only one part
What a pleasure to have David in & thanks for an amazing write up! We hope to see him again in soon :)
Gotta love native editing capabilities. Makes this easy.
I called over Spring Break, they haven't gotten back to me. Should I call? I want to go back!
haha why not?!
- we should be good, Chillar so versatile safety should be smooth conversion.
Dear , How about creating a lower-tier conference registration for non-CEO types? Non-"curated" thought drivers are everywhere! :)
A good owner is one who can manage the business well!
happy birthday bruh , vibin to dat rack city for u
Laura Palmer would kick Rosie Larsen's ass
oh, wow. Look at that, you do have a mohawk!
Being sick sucks chicken cock...
Everything works when you're high.
. Re: DM-No worries, you grow a thick skin in the PR biz, but seriously, your insight is valuable & will help make #PR better
GOtta get back hustling
starting at 7am!
hey. Thanks for the invite. I am gonna watch the game at green turtle in ballston.
I'm do offended you're not following me
It was hard, particularly when one of them got mad at a bagger for not having "the Trader Joe's spirit". I wanted to murder.
Join us for the magical experience of a lifetime at FDI Youngevity Convention!
Chances are good that David and I will be able to swing a trip to St. Petersburg this summer.
In Leavenworth, WA and just heard a German pop version of the A-Team theme...so disturbing!
idk I kinda just woke up.
follow me your so talented and so beautiful :)
Stop worrying about a nigga that Dnt give 2fucks about your
saw one of those at the zoo this weekend. It was one of the only animals out in the sun.
Be the purpose that you are within your Soul.
If by "interesting" you mean "horrible."
reports that Egypt's Supreme Council of Antiquities has new Secretary General: Dr. Mustafa Amin Mustafa
#/RihannaNavyHatesBeliebers ? thank you,love you too mwah<3
I miss you!!!
That moment when you wake up and all your shit is scattered and there's syrupp on your face.
Here's my number call me maybe..
The feeling when you know you have left it too long!
Working w/ East India Co.'s Chef Pradeep finalizing an upcoming Indian wedding,eating lftvr Indian food & watching in Goa...
WHHAAATTT? >>> Seriously? RT : shouts to Swing Phi Swing in Albany for stealing ZLIST steps... Cool story bro -_-
Thank you! Xoxo
I've never been this happy in my life in a relationship
Nothing ruins your Friday like finding out its a Wednesday
Congratulations to all of our Spring 2012 Graduates!
LOVE ME LOVE ME SAAYYYY THAT YOU LOVE ME ;))
annoyed by hyperbolic statements... stick to reality. our country is stronger than any one man or party. confidence should replace fear.
OH My! Didier Drogba - wow. What a goal. Chelsea 1 Spurs 0. Almost halftime. Wow what a strike.
sweet ink! where did you get it done?
damn! Thats cause you ass wont out there!
Thanks, Zoey! Still digesting all the learning from this past week...
Alright that's how it is today?
My favorite color white you know I'm cocained down from head to toe.
You know you focused on the game when you yelling "HOLD THE BALL" at the tv
If a major label doesn't sign you guys soon, they're friggin' idiots!
It's been none stop for 3 hrs... :(
is very gewd deal
Happy Holidays! Celebrate and Enjoy!
one of the best if you ask me :)
doing big things in Atlanta with their 1st Annual Inner-City Youth Baseball Opening Day. Encourage you 2 check out their work.
it must suck to suck.
Video conferencing meeting provides face-to-face communication but several most advanced equipments are used for d communication and meeting
That is gorgeous!
its stuffed with cinnamon sugar butter/cream cheese lol
Grading "Special Teams" | Gilreath's punt return touchdown | Brings them up to "D" |
RT ": Miss her" <----interesting
Well that's certainly something to look forward to.
To all my fellow Celtics are running a clinic tonight at the Madison Square Garden. Come one come all. Families welcome.
Time to produce..wiped off the dust of an old script that has bad ass horror twists..celebs already reading it..Kanyon's End will be born!
Uhm no. I will run you over one day when you are pushing carts.
today im so thankful 4 the Lords Grace,his luving heart.4 allowing me 2 b with family b4 they part,and for my sons health.
Connect with and learn from anyone doing things you find worthwhile: in tech, business, life
i need new text buddys ladies whats up C
So many drunk people in silly hats
discovered a band today and they are great <3
Three owls of different species are seen together in the rocky ridge on the left side of the Mona Lisa's landscape.
He'll soon see the risks of romance with a neighbor & go back to Peggy for it. Death by elev shaft post-late-night tryst at SCDP.
sadly no. I guess I'll have to replace it ASAP because I'm not going to hold it up to my ear at this point!
worst customer service. bought a MK watch yesterday, found something else, and today can only get in-store credit. no thanks.
wow that drawing was terrible.
“: do you love cmpunk” I like him :)
Thanks, James. Enjoyed your recent vids!
Huntsman: Cites Teddy Roosevelt in 1912 as parallel to current political landscape
Where is Bluesfest? I would love to see The Hold Steady!
How do you convince a toddler that the toilet is not, in fact, a happy aquatic play place to swish ones hands around?
Here are some of our top picks for the best quotes of all time on anger:
this is the 2nd time he almost cut it and 2 girlin one class woulld not let me get my bag
I had Ochipinti SP68 white wine with lamb, chickpeas and mint yesterday, and it worked!
Boston is a physical team so PP for one or both makes more sense
voice is so deep haha xD
Tweet your questions for tonight with the
just one of many...
Do you think people would buy crucifix dildoes?
Talkers as in those auto feed bots shotting out 30 tweets in a row.
Awkward? RT : White House originally planned to have Pres in NC today, state where they are voting on same sex marriage ban
or portraits or the other one.
It means that the internet has damaged your capacity for conversation.
If you want a follow back, just tweet me! :D
Hey, thanks, Ron. Nice to meet you Tammy.
Caring way to much for people who don't give a shit <
We can help RT : . tried to use a sports reference with me in Draw Something. He won't make that mistake again.
I figured that haha and nothing bored listening to music talking to you
do you do promoting by any chance? Like over the social media networks and stuff? If so, I could use the help if you don't mind.
so don't leave ;___; RT Guardiola: "When will I return? I haven't even left yet and you already ask me abour returning"
Wassup! RT Good morning Good people
yeah, brother. Good luck, from one job hunter to another.
Watching Saturday Night Live. Funny stuff. Need to laugh sometimes because I work too much. Trying to stay in the moment
Everyone should check out a new band Rocky Loves Emily they're fantastic!!
i hav a a pink nd purple polka dot bikini wit a bow in the bak, nd a pair of football cleats
Okay shuffle... Switching it up I see.... Lolol
My trusty kitty always gets me through the tough spots __,,,^. .^_,,,_
gahhhh what is this social media stuff good for!???
I think UNC's Roy Williams would have had more catches than the Bears Roy Williams if he played this year.
HEY :) Thank you for the follow!!! :)
She's probably not spending the weekend & I'm gonna have no friends whatsoever over for my birthday now. At least I might see Chad tomorrow
I need go to see Dr. Molina here in Dallas, may have an injury!
#ireallywant someone to retweet this tweet
If you miss me let me know, if not then
Best point guard in the NBA is Rajon Rondo. The best!
I like how barely post any original content on my Twitter stream
I'll never buy another #alesis product. Third DOA product out of four. Customer service: "there's nothing we can do." Thx.
Gallery5 and rvamag 7 years. What a journey. Here is to more of awesome.
I'd love to chat about your 3D article, "2012 will find 'Nemo,' other film classics in 3-D" and connect you w/ other experts!
wish i could go it looks so nice !
East Hampton Cottage by Essie is my go-to nude! You could also try the free OPI app that lets you "try-on" all their shades.
