I'm tired. I need a well needed nap!
goodnight, Cole! Sweet dreams!! <3
RT : Im in the Army I can't smoke weed. Or I would -- amen
Have you checked out the game for autism? Check it out at www.D3xsoft.com let us know what you think!
Master class at La Roche College in Pittsburgh, today!
It isn't raining and the sun is out and it is warm outside. It must be a dream, this can't be seattle.
RT "Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent...
Falling asleep during christmas specials just isnt the same without
Going to go to northpark to see what they offer!
Thank U for the follow! Have a great day! Looking forward to your tweets!
Neighbors in Golden Valley react to the release of high-risk sex offender Clarence Opheim. Listen to my report at 4:03 on WCCO Radio 830 AM.
wow. actually talked about marching band to me... FIRST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! dear lord. sign of the apocalypse. no lie
lolz! Im not fat. Im plumped.
Jamie to Landon: You're my Angel! :') A Walk to Remember
Looks like we'll be able to screen Colfax @ Denver Comic Con & Q&A!
ha.... soo... school tomorrow?
RT : Id say it illustrates the importance of the patient in the process. The bottleneck is most important.
thanks, right back at ya!
Honestly, I'm too much of a nice guy to do that to Kunis. I'd prob. just keep them to myself. (I said nice, not stupid)
I liked the last game where my blood pressure and stress level was not off the chart
The secret to happiness is to do what you love, with the people you love... Lary Daley, Night at the museum: Battle of the Smithsonian
Stay away from the bad things there are so many great things out there to get into”
Calvin Klein opening Sports Apparel Stores in USA and China. Should be a winning project!!
One expert said the district is "taking a dangerous position" that could expose them to lawsuits if activists so chose to do so.
how old is that?
"Your boy probably isn't playing well cause hes occupied by someone on his mind......RIAN." sorry wildcats!
In Paris this week I met Kamel El Harachi, son of Dahman El Harachi the famous Algerian musician. Gave me his CD. Hoping we stay in touch.
sounds like a great guy to work with and/or for. Just sayin'
Thx. I have family in Gypsum and Salina. So scared for eveyone. Keep me posted if you can. Stay safe
I hate waking up!!!
Just received beautiful scarves from Marquette University - thank you Dean Richards-Wilson. They are being mailed to Poland this week.
I make art from fish food. Really it's more of me overfeeding him until he explodes, but on a lighter note I think I discovered a new color.
Happy World Sight Day everyone!!
HAHAHAHAHAHA KYLE LICKS EGGS!!!! AH
very charming(:
the kid's name is Falcon Heene. enough said. the balloon touched down, btw. he's not in it. poor falcon heene.
RT : "You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club." -Jack London via
This nigga took words right out my mouth..
yes that was my bro
Driving across the country promoting and looking for the most erotic girl in the USA. Is she you??????
#NowPlaying Paul Van Dyk / Live @ Mayday 2004 | Great for building out another View Environment.
only when i do forehead kisses are they cute
That could be a long discussion.
To all our Clients/friends on the E Coast: Be safe and Be well.
I would like to welcome each and every new member to the Colonials Family!
Let’s see. Some folks didn’t want the president talking to their kids yet a lot of those folks take their kids to “R” rated movies,
Doesn't getting arrested in an "Occupy" event ruin your resume? Just wondering....
hey there,
Can you please Follow and ;)
i havent seen the news, but judging from the trending topics... it looks like president obama announced his support for greg oden.
Hip Hop is back... X Factor's Astro signs deal with Jigga with Roc Nation!
A Few Ideas Regarding Presenting Gifts To A Golfer error
Hating Mondays? 90% of people, who hate Mondays, slacked on Friday. 1/7 of your life, is a lot to waste. We work extra hard on Fridays.
Plz let me have smth nice for dinner. Been eating good food on cruise & I'm pretty much used to it. Kkz nap time now~.
Motivos founder will be a guest on tomorrow morning's Ahora Sí! #radio show on 6-7 AM! Call in at 215-634-6342.
#ff follow this amazing guy! :D
I like your way of thinking on this. Glad other girls think that!!!
Yes! It was conveniently located. Overwhelming, but a good time!
not cool
is now
Sweet! RT : b leaving in a few hours. Can't wait who hooooo
This just in - Gainesville Tonight. hope to see you there, tell a friend to tell a friend
laying down listing to great music
PUSH--P(pray) U(until) S(something) H(happens)!!!!
The Iron Lady is a jocular live action "what if" cartoon fantasy about Meryl Streep serving as British Prime Minister. Dreadful.
lucky! I'm jealous I don't know if you still have my number but its 4127798323 !
I'm cheating on Diet Coke because I have just discovered a little bit of heaven known as Diet Dr. Pepper. I can't get enough!
bout what?
OMG William Levy in white pants shaking his butt on #DWTS!
Great game SAINTS! We luv you in ABQ NM
Now that is a very real worry!!! :) (one 1 my wife would readily accuse me of)
correct, unless you live in the Towers.
are you driving?
Ugh my sister is still made at me and won't come out of the room&I miss her&I miss hanging out with her but I'm scared to tell her I'm sorry
You too
CIAA is causing all kinds of havoc today! I love being
Guitar solo!!
#star is alica crying again
I'll be working on a post for for this week on marriage--sure to make some unnerved
threw away to coffees this morning. got 2 milkshakes
:( not again for a while, i don't think. nyc is exhausting!
Just leaving the Graves County Democratic breakfast. Now headed to the Mayfield Chamber of Commerce. Fancy Farm is just a few hours away.
When your uterine lining looks like the elevator from The Shining!
actually twitter is the by-product of drugs :)
google The Mulligan Project, sexy and dark and groovy ;)
follow me me and I will follow u even though I am
If she isn't fired , she will quit. She was apparently boo-ed out of a fayetteville bar over the weekend.
Definitely!! So glad to hear from you!!! We must get together ASAP!!!
Mountain dew should be called chemical dew
and we'll all float on, okay.
Heart-shaped pizza and sushi on the menu for Vday dinner.
Lucky guy! I don't follow just anybody.
I boiled them for a minute first, then sauteed for 5 min. Should be ok :-)
didn't even know they had those
The US House of Representatives sent me a 2012 calendar. So glad they spent time and money (my money) on something I'm going to throw out.
Sounds good to me too (:
Lol. I Was Dressed And Everything . But Then iWas Like Ugh I'll Just Go On The Last Saturday . :)
Waiting for lunch to cook-salmon & asparagus-then a short break before getting back to the grind. Ugh...
I have been overly stressed out and will continue to be that way until May 18th at 5:31pm.
Follow along with for update from game two of the #WCHA Playoffs first round action as takes on Mankato
Imagine what the WSU B-ball team would be like if Clay and DeAngelo had stayed? Wow.
What's the biggest relationship deal breaker?
I'll have my velour track suit ready!
Wat up u kno I got ur boy in trouble rite
Michelle Pfeiffer just made that cigarette look so good..
POP COLLAR
Seattle what are some good community calendars where I can post our upcoming June 4th benefit sale?
And all these midterms.....crazy!
I just finished one that you might like: Tribute by Lisa Henry.
she looks delicious.
#improudtosay that i am bisexual
no did you see my other tweets I said I wanna go home
on the KNPR you're doing it big time! I love seeing it. Keep it up
so it want be all babyish
Beautiful animated image of Silver Falls, Oregon today on bing. Been there many times. Gorgeous. Check it out @ bing.com.
ha roberts girl was playing with my colorfull balls in the dark
Getting ready to speak at Rep. Crenshaw's 13th annual Democratic fish fry. Tailgating UK-UL game next, followed by the big game itself.
Jeff White at Venture Forum . . . mobile is the next big wave.
you talking about those #Hoosiers? They shined for a couple nights. Not so much now. They are money at home though.
warm up in here.
worship was awsom this morning I have really missed leading worship & is glad 2 B doing it again :) blessings :)
lol, great video. Common problem among young athletes!
Is anyone else just getting spammed like crazy on twitter lately?
Thank you for the RT! You are an incredible advocate in so many ways!
k thanks
Curious George with the #walkoff!!!
“They’re not women’s clothes. They’re my clothes. I bought them.” - Eddie Izzard
Ampheta Man? Or a female Amphetamina?
It's hard having a conversation with the person you love when they seem like they don't wanna talk.
Soon. Let's do a story for my site!
Congrats to the Mavs!! Keep crying Bosh! LOL
Don't give up on the members of your team that initially push back; they have the best potential to get on the bus. SeanLetwat
Well goodnight thoughts in my head, pains in my heart, may you please be gone tomorrow
Ginny&#39;s Friends: Post-menopausal hell for horses
Colored pens to doodle with, the highlight of 2 days of training: money well spent.
RT : Who is going to go see that movie Battleship with Rhianna in it?
let me down smh
Isn't that wonderful?
Murder by Pancakes
I would probably faint... It would be AMAZING!
exceptional gyro at manny's cafe. too bad the spanikopita did not follow suit.
The Cubs owner is a RWNJ? Cheap owner, all about profit, tax-payer industry, etc....another example of Greed & Hypocrisy.
Home Sweet Project.
you need to get yourself a cute little wig, and have your stylist cut and style it.
aye u back home
Dr. Alan Lechusza Aquallo's new compositions present traditional Bird Songs to a contemporary audience at Mingei International on Saturday.
i mean using most was inappropriate .... tired
Thanks so much for the tweet about Scrubly Diego! Would love any additional feedback you have.
aye, i tweeted yewww from mah other account but follow?(:
I need to make some crazy money before the weekend so my storage full of #art doesn't get auctioned off next week.
my bad I been working and shit sorry wassup
If you think you have no reason to live, take a look around at your friends and family and you'll see the reason
Double D consistently underscored, but Packer Nation came through.
omg totally. To bad we weren't closer to take a break together lol
She said I act like I don't give a shit I told her its ckuse I don't give a shit lol
I know but damn though... Lol
You get in really good shape :)
About to sneak in LA Fitness
Always remember if you have a ? about where to bet or about a game, email at and we will do our best to answer fast
Thanks for the love, much appreciated.....
Thank you! I appreciate the love and support!!
the moon!
i need a new desk chair...my back is killing me!
I have no idea whom you mean by KJ7!
I follow you !
good morning MKE - you can still get MEglio's Triple Baked Pies for 56% off at www.crowdclick.com!
If you need HVAC installation in your home, business or enterprise we are proud to offer you the best service on this area.
Ranking the 50 Best NFL Head Coaches of All Time - Bleacher Report
Your winning Red Sox run lies on first ladies and gentleman...
Off to bed, goodnight :)
Blah, as soon as I switch to uverse.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 88
nice to nearly meet you before you got kicked out of your seat!
The website is coming out real nice! Coming out next week we promise!
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill. -Buddha
Thank you for following us Grannies, ! We look forward to following you.
Saw U in Ka'ramuu Kush's short film @ PAFF. Nice surprise - the camera loves you - get in front of it some more! :)
Guys. I'm going to spam until she answers. K?
Where's the Greenbay #PACKERs game? It was advertised to be shown at 4:15 today and now it's an infomercial? Disappointed all FANs
you guys coming for the voice?!
Opting out is becoming more difficult - subjective (social obligation) or is the challenge in the design of the interface?
If it's for a cause or something good natured, that's fine. No problem. But when it's some jackass begging for attention, it annoys me.
He switched lanes in the Lowry Hill tunnel.
In the world of ebooks, kindles and ipads...the easiest thing is to work the h3ll out of the Internet. Start there.
'the kids are disco dancing.'
thanks for following!
my dad wanted me to pass on that ur sister had a really good game
I have a knot in my back the size of china 😳😣
Great thing 'bout God is He puts you exactly where in the Universe you need to be... like on a southern tree-lined pool patio with the boys.
im not wastin my time im bloking u
great an u
I think your seagulls have been conspiring with my 7am crows!
looks like we'll have to check them out! Thanks!
you entering right?
I would rent it, but I don't have a PS3 nor am I going to fork out another subscription fee to play a game online :)
Damn, no #ME3 for me :/
#manningmarable - gone too soon. We learned so much from you. RIP.
Montberte you're the best, that was a great question!
Shit I hate to think lowe is out of gas
my wifi is too slow tonight to stream my shows...
GOOD MORNING HANDSOME!(: <3
Email bro!
Oh mumford and sons. Why do you guys rock so much.
Some people are naturally violent and some others become violent after they have kids. Where's the receipt? I have a return!!
this sounds like real progress. be well.
Just saying that would be excellent replacement for on Two and a Half Men. much better than Rob Lowe
pretty good! Thanks for asking. Hope this finds you and yours doing good! Have a great weekend! 
It's happening
For Gmail sorting not easy. What is the tool folks are using?
OH: that tuna dog licked me in my teeth!
Whatever happened to #Martika? Woah -- Blast from the past #80's hits on #Spotify!
yeah he texted me to look it up. couldnt believe it
haha its On Demand, gonna invest some time when Zac's not home so I don't have to torture him with GIRLZ.
I feel like I been at the nail salon all damn day, but I had fun by my damn self..
The men of action are, after all, only the unconscious instruments of the men of thought.
thx for follow!
I've got a few people going to kings island on Sunday. You're welcome to come
I just stumbled upon "Old Mythologies" -simply amazing! About to dig into the album for 1st time. Great stuff!
Steps to Networking - Visibility leads to Credibility which then leads to Profitability
I am dying at this Britney "Blue Jeans" video. I'm ready to be cremated rn.
Oh crap, just got a one round "sit out in detention" penalty for accendently exposing carfs
Who knew that working on a couple's wedding ceremony was the cure for the common cold! Still sick, but doing a mitzvah certainly helps!
When we switched to food, he didn't even want what I cooked fresh . . preferred an organic brand (not that one). & I can cook!
shut up. ;p
Doesn't it just suck?
combined, of course, w/ the demands of always shopping (a 6thgrade grad dress, a new place to rent near her new school)
aw I hate when I do that. . . Did that last weekend :/
What part of the writing process involves screaming, punching walls, and self-loathing? Because it seems to be the bulk of it.
You up for a breakfast meeting in the morning?
getting ready for 's sweet 16!!! i can't wait!
Obama is at the kentucky/miss basketball game....and a baby was thrown at him. "Please kiss my baby on the forehead!"
stoked to be a part of it!
*reading 's tweets* hmm.. *goes and grabs popcorn* hehe this is gonna be fun :)
I'm DMing you the deets
The tech support at my credit union is idiotic. "Make sure your computer settings are set at Medium or Lower." I was asking about a 404.
Do you all have facebooks? What is your FB username ? I will add you.
Pumped about in Chicago! I plan to attend a few events, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't most excited 4
Sunday Jazz Tomorrow 43 - 1043 E 43rd - Chi-Town; 7:30 Show & $10 Admin - There's NO Work on MONDAY- Hope 2CU!
one bullet, TWO SHOTS
its taurus season <3
Thank you to whoever stole my head phones and jamed my gym locker causing my to have to CUT my favorite vira purse. Have fun scumbag.
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
i dont like to share with sammy. :P Anyone wanna Cupcake?
There shouldnt be commercials during intervention i get all worked up..tears and all..then boom a tampon commercial.
your right hommie I have to remain humble and positive
Why only iOS? Serious question.
I love looking at the Hollywood sign, there is something so magical about it. Its represents so much history and a beacon of hope to all.
My pleasure.
hey idk if i did anything to make you mad but if I did I'm sorry
cool okay.
don't get mad when I get home and best yo ass then :)
Much love for Anglotopia. We are anglophile's as well!
Redskins' pick is in. Drumroll please. Could it be... Matt Kalil?
not excited about having to wake up early tomorrow for graduation rehearsal.
But of course...
The DREAM Act has been part of the legislative agenda for over a decade
good times.
I have class in about 45 mins or else I would! But I'm going to be here tonight!
you and look great in your profile pic....
IT'S ABOUT TIME SOMEONE DIES IN THIS MOVIE !!
There's probably irony in my using Steve Keene's rock&roll paintings to muffle 's (great) drumming through our floor vents.
I'm eating oatmeal to get my health on.. because, you know, it's january, and everyone does it. I forgot how gross oatmeal can be.
Wht bout the whole thing for 15
Might need to get me some NEW TEXTING BUDDIES
There a few minutes early so we have time to tape them on the outside first. :)
We're back on the map people. Show at Finn's inn, Marion April 14.New dead tunes which I realize is a bit of an oxymoron
course basura! We got you! “: hit me up if yall do something after”
me too. lol
Happy Birthday Ashlee!!! <3 hope you had an amazing day fulfilled with many wishes <3
Terrible gas leak or something at Lenfante Plaza. Everyone sick, coughing, and tearing.
HAHAHAHAHA THATS HILARIOUS..ps that would be soo weird to see yourself on a poster just walkin down the street..
Yes I wondered about the visible code! TY
good to hear... But my interest is sports waned a bit on my trip, gotta get on that horse
my next song a freestyle called atom bombs
Thanks there was much talk of this CMS wizardry that needed some explaining. Haha
have always mixed the whole thing and filled two 64 oz glass bottles.
“: By far Baylor ahead for "Ugliest Tournament Uniforms"” have you not seen UL's InfraRed?
give thanks for this, my sister. 1love
from like um 830 but he test startd @ 9am to around 12pm
Yay: composing my book's photo shoot itinerary! Looking forward to working w/ & !"
No Justin Bieber at Party In The Park? BO!
Wondering why OOMF ain't texting me!
Good luck on that one Tosh!
Good Morning ❤
Finally got on a bus. Was like lord of the flies.
have u asked when the #Brewers are going to put the powder blue uniforms on for friday night away games?
No idea what to do for my birthday...probably cause it's on a Monday -_____-
Aha... it didn't take you long to notice! That's one of the "functionality" changes they made. I want my old back, plz!
Gray is a crown of splendor: it is attained by a righteous life.
DO IT!
Happy mother day:)
Just saw a commercial for Prometheus. That looks pretty good. Why isn't the internet talking more about it?
Encouraging everyone to get registered to vote. Rouse the conservatives to attention! Get them out to vote!
You telling me that common sense aint so common?
Choices you make have a good or bad outcome
. correctly points out that the Terps' won their NCAA title on April 1, 2002. It's the 10th anniversary of it running in print.
my mum makes me so angry.
So glad you had fun! And glad you liked Scott as well, of course. Great pic!
yaaay :D haha I just have my blond moments... My mom calls me a "dingbat" and an "Airhead" lol
hellz yea...congrats man!
Every year I publish the 10 Reef Commandments. Remember them? The things to do to be a good ocean steward and marine conscious human being.
yes thanks!
Feelings don't die easily cause we keep feeding them with memories. That's exactly the reason why it's so hard to move on.
Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud. Sophocles
In the office before u can say cat n a hat!
has cool hair but very short! I like it!
Comment from a CEO after meeting his new VACEOs Roundtable yesterday "Went really well … it will take my game to a whole new level."
Sad because Will never follow me :(
Huge thx to all the people who came out the show in #Huntsville last night to see Piranah, Destined, & L.I.E. Great crowd & you all
Glad I am wearing a suit today ;)
You ever yawn so big your eyes tear up?
Started to formulate new #Drupal workflow today, develop locally, push to github & then pull down to remote server. No more nasty FTP.
I'm taking all your memories off the shelf, cause I don't need you and anybody else.
RIP Heavy D.
I want to see more of those shots from Tower Tavern!
RT : Life is full of ups and downs.The trick is to enjoy the ups and have courage during the downs.
You look great! It's called downtown chic!
No. We need to harness their energy. We do not have to push. They will follow. The #NWord & its use is relevant to them.
My bitch bad looking like a bag of money
Why yes, I am trying to get back on nachos and jalapenos for breakfast thank you for asking.
is never out of it with their outside shooting skills. 73-69. 25 seconds. needs to hit free throws to seal it
I am toast. Long days....
hahahaha so glad he is out of my city..enjoy!!!!
let the day drinking begin!
nah, nah, nah...seriously how many championships will the state of Pa win by end of the decade? You guys know I'm just being stupid
did someone try to hide it? :-P
Spring cleaning.
RT The way we communicate with others & with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives~T. Robbins
" When someone you love becomes a memory, the memory becomes a treasure. "~Author Unknown
Damn.... I Suck at Dancing To Gurage music...... I Should just stop it right now..
being awesome
just came back to NYC, only 2 hours and a half left until my concert at the BG Consulate tonight: 121 E 62nd www.bceny.org
"you didn't have to cut me out!!!" tonight thats all I will yell at you
Off to Mexico I go! Let's hope I return alive ;p
Come out with new music!!!!!! Its been too long!!!!
did you see producer admitted to shots of tequila before show!
I don't think my boss has seen me on facebook once. I've lost count how many times he's seen me with a picture of a bike up though.
It was a beautiful experience. I highly recommend it.
Crazed economy! LOL!!!!!!!
you're back only twitches if you're sexy DUH mine does it all the time ;)
Maybe it'sme: can stay off forever! I love seeing Rob and Sunny together.The chemistry is so much better. Otherwise>CBS
RT Jesper Hugh I'm inspired by Tim Ferriss and i'm working on getting the 4-Hour Lifestyle
I'm really not getting all the accolades for his performance but I guess he set the bar pretty low.
you have my vote of confidence.
I CANNOT WAIT FOR #SaySomething <3
RT : A6: Advice to newlyweds; Keep G-d first, watch sabotaging people; laugh and pray without ceasing!
The fact that guys younger than me are playing in the MLB is insane
#unintentionaldickensreference MT I just had the best interview ever. Revisiting my proposal.
Set your Tivo to watch me in "Festival In Cannes" on the movie channel at 7:30 am Eastern Time tomorrow....
sigh I know ...I've been trippin..
Come on Kick Bayerns ass!!!
Hey douchebag I haven't seen you in so long, I forgot what you look like...expect that your bald. That I'll never forget.
The amazing thing about meeting my wife on Match.com is being able to read and re-live our first conversations.
I was singing Gin & Juice earlier while walking to class and the guy in front of me turned around and finished the lyrics :)
“: Sitting at this table with Yup, that's it. Nothing else to say about that.” thanks
Angie, thank you for the follow as well! Looking forward to your tweets.
oh dear
BTW, no hard feelings but I never respond to that True Twit thing. I understand if that's a deal breaker for some tweeps.
Maybe there was too much anticipation, but the episode bored me to death.
Off to Brooklyn in a couple hours. Good night! :-)
Here I am!
I need to team with somebody in fantasy baseball who's ace w batting while I focus on pitching. Always have a stable of aces & no bats.
Sorry to hear that Hillman Curtis has passed. His videos continue to deliver great inspiration. Love this: "Be prepared to go out on a limb"
marketingdomination.blogspot.com i need a lawyer, so i can put u on the 1st page of Google in ur local area for ur most searched terms
great paper by dave clarke on an enormous delaware project!
Thanks for the S/O!
Also read that McCoy worked with Sam Bradford in the offseason to learn Shurmer's system as much as he could. Coach's son!
Thanks for making me want to bang my head up against a wall, Shutter Island. What. The. Heck.
I swear, I'm sick of all this spam!
thanks! We're always excited about sharing our collection in a new place.
Low 80's this weekend Whoa!!!
just got an email from twitter saying it missed us, but it didn't ask where we were playing next. not sure that was sincere
OR Do 1st step & get spiral wefts. If in hurry, add clips & clip in every other row in y/hair so urhair adds to the texture!
While watching videos on YouTube related vid "when will time end" popped up...let us in on the secret guys
Guys make girls upset all the time she doesn't let it get to her, girl does one thing to make him upset, it's the end of the world.
LOL at social life
ha! It's cold on her cucumber :)
I dont think this is gonna work out... IDK WHAT TO DO. Uahhhgg
When performance exceeds ambition, the overlap is called success. Cullen Hightower
stayin up late. havent slept good u?
Children's Miracle Network raised $6.4 million in 2011 through Spanish-language radio telethons (65% increase over 2010)
Sunburn ah
beats. bears. battlestar galactica.
The Members First slate is the only one w/candidates and supporters who have physically assisted IBT organizers for a win this decade. VOTE.
Where does one go to get healing soup when you're a burrito of illness?
// agreed! He earns points in my book.
Be sure to follow tweet the message today
Hi Mollie!!! Hollie is the one that's leaving later on tonight in my opinion. I would be really stunned if she's in top 3.
Best day ever:) im with the people i meed and im good
all 11 msu d's did too
There are 8 typescripts here. The one I'm looking at has comments in Reed's hand, but no editor's marks.
Handheld Librarian conference about to get underway. I hope to come away with some cool new ideas!
Dont let me get in my zone.
"oh no, the river won't let us leave!" WHY are you surprised?? WE'RE not surprised!!!
Good luck to all #BostonMarathon runners today! In today's heat, run a smart race. Don't worry about your time - finishing is winning.
Congrats to the 2012 Idaho queens: Mrs ID Int'l - Shantay Taylor, Miss ID Int'l - Cassidy Bronson & Miss Teen ID Int'l - Bailee Barton!
#POYi is "i" for amerIca or international? So many images with US flags and US stories.
ITS GOING DOWN THIS SUNDAY!!! 4TH ANNUAL MISS BLACK AND GOLD PAGEANT!! COME WITNESS AN ELEGANT EVENT!
So is that stupid moon out there again tonight? (take 2)
#Celiac #disease can show up #late In life like a 70 year old #woman with delayed #diagnosis htpp://on.thec-l.com/ICdlIp via
“: in what field ? for ACE Certification ” exercise, but that's NCSA
RT : Every1 has a social media strategy... ignoring social media is just a decision to not engage.
Pitt in top 3 among publics, top 5 among all universities in federally financed R & D expenditures.
I call the 7" version the paperback iPad. :-)
Our mission is to be the repair shop of choice for customers, insurance companies, and employees.
Two more months Puerto rico
I like him. :x ": Eww he's fucking ugly are you serious!!"
can't make it tomorrow? Were gettin a little crazy and even throwin anyone who comes in the door a 10% discount on ANYTHING they buy today!
I will call you in a min.Looking for my charger lol <3
Band Concert Sunday May 15, 1:30. See and hear great students perform. 20 seniors will be graduating. Where are they going next?
thanks 4 following!
Virgin mobile will donate a million dollars if Melanie Oudin win's the US Open this yr.
sidenote: I really should be getting a github account. apparently it isn't that expensive
Yeah we park the truck when things get hot
- thanx for following Yes, growing #artistic careers is what we do too! We will follow back!
nah. Clarence.
It's #MusicMonday #MM & I want to give a Shoutout ==>
Going to check out Gravity Marketing space tomorrow. Looking forward to a great event next Wednesday!
would be better if I knew what all the icons meant! I'm finalcutpro illiterate. Sheesh!
happy birthday champ
Following you ;)
NICK STAHL COME HOME
"Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want."
hello, #SNOW!
are you coming to Drexel University for homecoming?!?! I really hope so!!!! YOU ARE THE BEST!!!!! :) :) :)
had an AMAZING time in #Chicago sunday with Pat, can't wait to go upnorth & to Madison in a couple weeks!
these days RESPECT x LOYALTY is askin alot
LOL! So what are you looking for?
Ah!!! I hav 1,056 followers I haven't been on twitter in so long so this jus so awesome and surprising thnx #muchlove <33333
: RT : thanks for following me. =)
did you make it to the BPRS mtg in Newark on 4/3. I just found out about it & want to know how it went. I saw your tumblr on NY
Whether life’s got you up or down, I’ll always be here for you to walk on while the waves lap against your feet.
nothing wrong with that! see you then!
I only bat my eye lashes at guys when I want a drink and I'm on a plane.
Therapy Dogs will be visiting the campus libraries on May 7 and 10th. More info to come!
If I was yaya for a day I would be amazing
Time to retire. For the eve...
i RARELY tweet when drinking! #NotSafe RT Drink every time tweets tonight. Not that I dont like them
Thanks to all my fans today! So great to stay in touch. Much love
do you hold a prejudice against medical cannabis?
Office depute— Q: When did Doritos Cooler Ranch change back to just Cool Ranch? A: 1994-1998 it was termed Cooler Ranch, then changed back
for sure!
Nm just came back from the city now relaxing and you?
RT Tom wrote a blurb about Governor Ritter's proposed budget balancing. Catch up here: www.metrodenver.org/blog.
All out of hot cocoa. #whatamigoingtodo ?
Someone protected her tweets. Not gonna name names, but if u wanna get paid 2 get fit, u won't find her on Twitter.
i'm coming to understand that blooming (and reblooming) can happen anytime..when we stop blooming, we stop living
#bucks game.. suite tickets!
just watched Nitro Circus Live for the first time ever.. You are certainly one bad ass mofo. Would love to check it out live
Eyelash applications have become very popular...get the look of thick, long lashes you've always wanted 901-794-0553
very interesting story!
I never wanna lose this feeling 12/10/11 
Nothing but love for everything right now! Our apartment is wonderful. :-)!
No sir , he going to University St Francis in the Fall!!! Sending again DM check it out!!!
Jeanie, don't be upset with me. You have your health, be thankful.
Oh boy that guy is good.
Gah I can't wait to watch it! RT : no way.. #greys .. ridiculous ending
Scientists concluded that the gene linked to weight gain only increases your risk of obesity if you also lead a sedentary lifestyle
Wish I could convince NASA to open a center in Austin. I would be there in a flash.
It's a one song performance, from the end of the film. Let me know what you think...
RT : I love being in Schnitzelburg on the campaign trail.
How just ended an email to me "Probably going to get some cookies for lunch, but probably not." Discuss amongst yourselves.
what is that even in relevance to
I am always here if you get hungry too!!!
Neve Campbell turns 38 today. She was in Wild Things which is one of my favorite movies.
Yes. Fear the mother of the bride - if you look ANYTHING like her daughter she will kick your a$$.
alrighty then, enough of this internet stuff! Time to get busy in the studio, I have a painting deadline to meet!
The Avocado from La Mie!
Have fun at the beach! If you're not bikini-ready yet, give us a call!
whoa. You are like superman.
hahahah so true! Now they are finally on the same page with us!!
WELCOME TO THE 13 TIME WORLD CHAMPS! LET'S GO GET #14!!!
Hell yes!
Hey now. Let's not just limit this to the senior class. I fucking hate the whole school.
Happy birthday, Mr. Shakespeare! Almost 450 years and still going strong. :)
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration. - Ansel Adams
im driving with my friend blazting you, i was thinking bout calling u! haha like everybody can hear you! :p
Let's go Spurs
Ugh this bitch
I'm behind. Last I saw was Jane...?
The Pitchfork Music Festival will take place July 16-18 at Chicago's Union Park. The sets will be streamed live via its website!
Drove all the way to Harrah's to see my family and the fucking Incubus concert filled up all the parking. Fucking waste of my time and gas.
Hair appointment
:( you can't resist this!
Everyone's a genius...but if you judge a fish on its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.- A.E.
Of course! But then can we wait til then.......
"cant drink pints cause im under age" aw Niall <3
thankfully cameras retain most of their value. What kind of camera do you have?
Show me love and like my page www.facebook.com/agloenterprise thank you my tweeters! lots of blessings your way!
hope u fill betta
PG's are so damn important.
You would have a leg up on his last wife me thinks.
- You've had a busy few weeks, but have now earned the esteemed title "Slide Master." All the presos are looking great.
Reason 26 to love the BBA: We are always trying new things to support the neighborhood and one another.
Marquette is playing as hard as any team I've seen this season.
Tickets for what shows? Saving up for Lolla I hope! I'm gonna try and jump on the early birds this year.
lol big feet?
“: Subway hit the spot! 👍 yum” where's mine
Dramatic turns of events continue 2 unfold in China; following #ChenGuangcheng latest on Twitter; & spoke to him
Favorite time of the yr continues today w/ championship on espn2, twitter updates on #A10 semis + miaa doubleheader in lowell
The cast of Lombardi wishes all their NFL friends the best as #NFLDraft gets rollin. "Vince" is in the house for 6th rd pick Sat!
i gotta admit, it was pretty damn funny!
Why is it so many young girls to lookin up to n listen to NIKKI if a male rapper came out and say he is gay would we be ok
Perfect time to live tweet RT : Will be *very* interested to hear what Dick Murphy has to say at my Rotary Club meeting tomorrow
thanks for the @
Chris Davis strikes out. End of 2, 1-1
Waddaya MEAN I can't re-bind a fucking copy-n-pasted recursive section?!?!
UConn's Kemba Walker gets the pub, but Notre Dame's Ben Hansbrough has proven all year he's the best player in the Big East. Total player.
-Betrayal so deep you can feel it coursing through your veins
so if youre filming anything this week let me know! Im in the area :)
Did You Know: John Astin (or Gomez Addams on the Addams Family) is a current JHU professor. "He's also a JHU alum!!"
& I would love to celebrate 's birthday with you and but I have a phonebank. Have fun!
Thanks and I'm moving to the Upper East Side.
"No one could actually say that you deserve better. Because the best thing that you deserve, will always be your choice."
Hello Hello Darling! Mwah*
Thanks for the follow!
Do anybody know what is the age for chrome tonight
Thanks to everyone who came out last night for the Big Band show! We packed Rachael's Cafe!! Can't wait for the next one!
mb y you no
When we hear from teams about players it is generally AFTER media has reported that buzz is building for player, not the other way around.
Happy Passover and Easter to all ARTS families, friends, and supporters!
I shouldn't comment on FV number's, or Disneyland for that matter. Neither of which are my happiest places on earth.
In touch with the ground, I'm on the hunt I'm after you.
Glad you had a good time and hope you found something useful!
": We had such a blast last time! Thanks for inviting us again!" --> We can't wait!
I can vouch for someone that can do 50k for u by latest jan1. I'll email him now
I think Kim Kardashian is Beautiful
it's not that he's black. It's because he's a democrat!
all i could think about was you you you
I once wrote some ad copy for a Realtor(R).
My appetite is too big for my bank account...
Dagum jingle is stuck in my head...now i really wanta fanta!!!
What are gaffes?
It is time for wrap up at #book2, followed by the free wine. How time flies!
A tour featuring the music of Michael Jackson and the big-top performance art of Cirque du Soleil will be hitting Detroit in 2011.
hey guy! Now following you! :)
How's The Kitty Doing? (:
I read the book and thought the movie was really true to the book. Did you read it?
Doubt reaction is due to love of Kim Kardashian. Most NBA fans don't watch. Due to participation in sham PR stunt wedding
Good morning sunshine! It's so good to see you!
Hooray! I graduated Upright Citizens Brigade Level 401 Improv!!!
When I judge people at Planet Fitness, I imagine I'm feeling the same rebellious spirit Washington felt while gunning down Red Coats.
My seder was literally an episode of curb your enthusiasm
You don't know where and you don't know when but you still got your words and you got your friends.
Newt concedes on April 30th, not May 1st.
They are, as is wage slavery. I hope you'd abolish that as well?
awesome night! Loved talking to u! Got through two times, it must be my lucky night. I better go get some raffle tickets:)
Good Luck on Taks or Staars tomorrow!! I know I'm gonna fail :(
Book your appointment for this week!!! Tommorows special touch up tuesday $35 root touch up, color, dreads, perms CALL ASAP 3042663
RIP Mark, Milwaukee's music will never be the same.
rut roh - I can't remember if I just boiled 1 cup or 2 cups of noodles.
there are two absolutes in life. friends and vodka. amazing memories usually involve both.
Toys at the best prices can be found at www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have really good specails going on rightn now!
I will both lie down and sleep in peace; for you alone, O Lord, make me lie down in safety
Turn off, brain. You can't remedy anything at 1AM except your yawns.
": Trump on Fox's pregame show: "Your picks are worse than the ones Andy Dalton threw last week.""
Focalink Plastic Soprano C!
RT : It's key that the Knicks keep the crowd out of it once the crowd gets there.
Good morning! So nice to meet you :) have a fabulous day and wonderful wknd! Xoxo
I'm outta NUTELLA...FML..Dear GOD...pray for me
I know:)
GWG! Way to go Derrick.
": I need some medicine to help me get inside of you" that's what he said-
Glad we have multiplatform stalking down.
thanks for the RT!
Let's just save some time and create a cable channel that runs nothing but tornado footage 24/7.
ain't it funny how everything changes in one day, one day you love the next you act like you never even did. just give up on me
Aye cuzzo they playin that song we did frm the turf on the radio in LA and virginia
Saw a license plate on an interstate over the weekend that read "Gay Dar"
Carlito's Way on deck
I just earned the Statesman badge on #Yelp!
Calling all #patriots and #giants fans: in #indy next week? Want to meet the cool and hip? Stop by #hubwork !
Street fighter bitches
lmaoo we'll see how i did
Have you noticed that you pay more attention to how people act now that you know something about the 7 persuasion triggers?
...future action beyond making $$. Maybe what makes Pepperdine #redundant, how to live Pepperdine after grad?
always fighting temptation, never will i surrender though.
Love me for who i am not for what you want me to be.
no, it was my first time eating there and I will not be going back for the food (or the margs for that matter)
Personally, I would go Hot Dougs but the line is too long for a certain Prime Minister.
Good morning Labou fans! 4 the next 15 days, to participate in the Trivia Q's, please reply w/the correct answers, followed by name & email
happy valentine's day! we had an old-school celebration at work with brown bags, notes, & candy. how are you showing your co-workers...
Happy birthday to my cousin in rockport happy birthday to who ever else!!!!!
givin up on your tigers?
I would think campaigning is better done in person than on Twitter.
"Only Angels Have Wings" might not be the greatest film of all time, but it just might be my favorite.
Me too. Of course, it doesn't compare to the 50 GB I got on Box when I installed the #android client a few weeks ago. ;)
RAMS GOT FISHER
Those pictures though haha
It pains me, but Tim Hortons > Bruggers.
Had a great meeting with H/H Superintendent today. ADLandHeARTs for Autism may bring in after school programs for spec. ed. students & sibs!
no campus politic I support!
Do you have a pedal MOPED you ride or you want to? Check out sandiegoswarm.com for upcoming rides and events in San Diego.
good cab ride.
Jimmy Buffet is a god to all those 45 and older.
Not a chance. They had the new team stand up and receive accolades from the mayor during the meeting.
So its weird today is the 20th anniversary of the davidian massacre, I just did a research paper on it like weeks ago...
“Remember that there is no such thing as ugly... just unique and different, but beautiful in its own way.” how life should been seen
it isn't on DirectTV, but you can listen to the radio broadcast on 1620 The Zone
Chuck Brown... God rest his talented soul!!
shit fina get crazy down in the 504
The Downton Abbey theme song = A fancy rendition of the X-Files theme song. Discuss.
Why doesn't know how good of a term "lollapalosers" is? Why why why.
you back?
"baseball is fun" moment of day: Edwin Maysonet in full uniform 3 hrs before 1st pitch. He's played in 47 career games.
Real Life will Start in 4 Day.!
I'm camping out. : " advance tix soldout w/n 1min. but don't fret, we'll be selling half the tix at the door!"
working on it
Let the learning begin! Looking forward to session on Vivo: semantic web network enabling collab amongst scientists.
free consultations for your investigative needs. www.mwishartpi.com
Have you ever heard of a mullet? People are not interested in all business all the time—they want to get to the party in the back.
lol.. I got you
weirdest dreams ever.
RT : Life means taking the responsibility to fulfill the tasks we need to face
Lucky night for the customers. The wine flowed like... well, wine, really... thanks to all the followers who showed up!
RT I believe ehhts real, I dont believe in ehht (: i believe in the New World Order
If issues in a particular dept., send them issues reports a day in advance of reporting to exec. team so dept. can be prepared.
At the UT commencement ceremony. I was committed to go here and changed my mind to go to Strange to think of how diff it would be
I really kind of admire people who've given up.
I opted for #thekilling tonight. I'll catch up on #madmen and #thegoodwife tomorrow. Can't wait.
Interesting site, nice read. Thanks for the follow!
o.O o rly
God will take you through hell just to get you to heaven.
Destiny is not a matter of chance; it is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved
For the great citizens of #BBN living outside of Lexington, its a picture perfect day in the Horse Capital of the World.
Group is now discussing what informal learning means to you.
Wack ass dj get out of Miami lame
Love is like a butterfly for if u could tell your fave from the #top4 to sing any song in the finale, what wld it B?
what's the#4?
like this ORANGE / auburn looking color
Unless you're pessimistic yourself. Then you're just supporting your cause.
Crying myself to sleep tonight . :/
Eggs, bacon, and biscuits covered in gravy... Doesn't get any better :)
is weather is playing gotcha with us?
Thanks to everyone who came to tge museum and made this the most successful fiesta season we've ever had!
showing some love :)
Come get a taste of the classics with our Strawberry flavor at Porter Square, we are also sporting Pumpkin Pie flavor until Turkey Day!
Shut up, nobody likes you tysmmm
I was a bit stuck with the old writing. Have one piece due back to editors this week. Two others I want/need to get out asap.+
Today I understand why ppl love LA weather. It's so beautiful outside.
Kennedy Smith we have 10x the amt of retail space for our pop. Amen.
hahaha and then you, "pretend like you didn't hear him and keep asking him" it's so funny how you come up with things randomly!
RT : State of Black Women's Health @ Barbara Jordan Conference Center, The Kaiser Family Foundation.
to do what? Let me guess
"Game's at noon so go ugly early." Some guy in decrepit bar across the St from Generations Hall yesterday
DON'T WHINE BUT SHINE DON'T FROWN BUT SMILE DON'T PUT OTHERS DOWN DON'T HATE CONGRATULATE DON'T BE MEAN DON'T BE CRUEL DON'T B NOBODY'S FOOL
Hey, if someone sees the President today, please give him a big, rainbow-filled hug for me for what he said about gay marriage.
I think it's the Pisces in us. I'm a Pisces too. I want a Tattoo that says hopeless romantic.
Show me where to go...
Have you followed yet? His project, the Southern Discomfort tour is about to take off, but we need your help!
Confidence is the evidence of faith in one's beliefs.
Been trying to get my human to go out and pick me up a 40oz. But he doesn't understand my signals. Or he is just being lazy.
Happy New Years to you as well..and your family
You never cease to amaze me. Well done ghostdog.
The principal at the school I was at was rocking Chucks with his suit. Love it!
Hope you had fun at Obama! I was lucky enough to see him twice! *sorry to make it about me
Maybe Glory Foods can work with their ad agency to find a way to promote their product and not the mammy stereotype.
C'mon guys: is that #SW3 promo real! lol REDIC but I can't wait
There are times when it's appropriate to get an erection when someone's face is close to your penis. This is not one of those times.
when restarted baby 3 TIMES in pittsburgh because he had a laugh attack. #MYWorldMemories <3
I get all tingly inside when I talk to Kevin. :3 hehe. x3
that sound like bad sex...
A little info treat adam richman like you would anyone else my old saying the only stars are in the sky
JUST STOP WHINING! :)
Yeah! Love the Basic Minimum Tax!
Past midnight. Still in newsroom finishing production. Long night, but w/ some quality designs and stories.
Lol I mean it... :-) RT : Don't say it if u don't mean it Brandon! Lol.
*on my head
If you like ice cream and are in SF, try Tara's Organic ice cream in Berkeley.
Watching Bridesmaids and I freakin love 's character!! Hilarious 
Not upset getting a free coffee everytime I go to starbucks.
Tonight, Monday, Pilates at The Chatham Village Clubhouse, 6 - 7 pm.
How am I doing on my predictions?
I'm at ur set hope to meet you or see you there!
that's not nice
Happy 94th B-day to Will Eisner! He lives on in Spirit!
I bet that when a DVD drive is purchased the OS just handles it.Oh wait they only have 1 SKU for the OS
RT : Enter our Stroll into Summer #giveaway today! You can win a sunshade to keep your little one protected from UV rays!...
Thanks, mom.
Nope. Uh uh. Won't do it.
Text me back!
“Every man regards his own life as the New Year's Eve of time. ”~Jean Paul Richter
Riding around bumping FUTURE! That makes me Ahead of my Time
RT : 6. They're very into causes 7. They're always wired 8. They're public 9. They're entrepreneurial
Preparing for our state library conf this week & travel to one of the few places on earth that takes me farther north.
Thank God its #Saturday ;)
I don't care for your opinions thats why I don't ask
It sucks that left... She is so sweet but big things are ahead in her future
I'm liking what Ron Paul has to say
Happy birthday - enjoy the last year of your 20's. Arthritis kicks in full bore at 30.
Ha shorty was bad
I have heard... Maybe you and K can plan a trip to CO. Brian would love a biking partner ;)
U were a JERK 2night on ur show 2 #MicheleBachman!! Little advice:if u don't like #TEA Party or our reps-don't ask them on ur show!
Amen brother. RT : #SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Your Hand In Mine-Explosions In The Sky
oh. Lol good luck!
Wow I was falling asleep but I was having a bad dream so I woke up:/ now i cant sleep cause i dont wanna have a nightmare!!
What you doin girl wit alladat??? *Project Pat voice*
is speaking at the Chicago Area Public Affairs Group luncheon today
RT : Our official #CBLaunchParty2012 photos have finally arrived! Please check out the epic recap of the evening here //...
There's some nice cleavage behind Dave Tippett's head. Take note NBC.
where did you get that? I need one!
Hehe. I'm probably going to a few shows. NBD (:
": Designing a custom face for someone's Maschine this weekend. I love my job." Thank you sir!! Gonna be nasty!!
has endorsed Scott Peters. Show your support by following us and spreading the word
hey!! Follow back?
Can't wait to get home and get my package :)
Hi there. Thanks for tweeting so much during my talk! Nice to meet you today!
I had to look that up but I'm glad I did. So beautiful. Thank you.
that was a great fight and floyd money mayweather is still my favorite boxer!#protectyourselfatalltimes!
You gotta watch on "Check it Out!!" Probably the best show on tv
el abuso a la pobreza. F
i gotta send out a BIG ASS congrats to mi hermana on her graduation last night. very proud lil sis!!!!!
My Musician buddy offerred to help me with my Music for free now those are friends. Some have all the resources and wont help u with nothing
Hey, #CollegeRepublicans, you gotta be lovin' that #GOP #filibuster that will raise student loan rates, right?
Proceeds from our "Would You Rather" holiday game goes to & ! Help us decide how to divvy the donation!
Pacers up by 9 fucking yes.
Ducks vs. Luck? Gonna be good. My pick? Ducks RT : ... Your pick in the Stanford/Oregon game? Do ducks quack?
A lot of people are pissed/disgusted/annoyed about that. The very kind of guy who bullies nerds, at a convention.
Thank you so much everyone for the lovely
You sure?
Tried to make some time for Friday coffee, but just can't do it. How is next week looking?
John Disque is scary but he's a great writer and a great photographer and he obviously loves what he does.
Gotta love when you run into old friends.
Shaun White? He'd helicopter in here, bang your mom and your girlfriend, and then set your board on fire.
[LIVE TWEET] Skeptical Frame: Earth is resilient.
Should I go to class tonight?
Sometimes I wonder who else you could be texting while you're texting me.
I'm going to say one word and hope that 400 of that word gets delivered to my office.
Wait What The Fuck? When Was This? I Never Just Say Ok!
Right? I was sitting here sure it was gray and then looked away for a minute, looked back and only saw blue.
yea totally! lol! So how have you been? :)
followed ya :))
Making smart decisions about your home's HVAC system can have a big effect on your utility bill! Contact us and start saving!
Amen. RT : . this small donor is undeterred from continuing to support the President. Don't be a purist.
The best part about today? Seeing my gf for the first time in a week. The worst part about today? Finding carrots on my burger at Outback.
Pre gaming before my show at hotel cafe..i play at 11 hope to see you there!
I feel so special
It would indeed b cool 4 2 give her #edt6060 final pres via Google Hangout. Let's make it happen!
No doubt that I'm napping when I get home today
The trade to acquire Randy really depleted our farm though. I REALLY wish we could've kept Carlos Guillen!
I like the smell of rain.
Look for my behind the scenes blog on my recent #photoshoot with Samantha Gise tonight at www.brandonphotos.com
We JUST transitioned them to being inside - they've been outdoor much of their lives. They are mostly safe from cars in VA...
long day of travel..just about to crash
got a little tour of today and didn't want to leave!
Summer enrollment contest has ended. All winners are posted. Official launch party is scheduled for October 1st. Great job TFT!
Mello hoopin though I feel him !
#Podhbcu 'Lead from where ever you sit or stand. Lead through strategic silence. Lead with subtle persistence.' great stuff!
Now we just have to figure out how to incorporate that Jesus SKC fan into an Easter celebration!
Oh my, is that why your little icon is so sad? Isn't she usually smiling? Puppy parade sounds wonderful.
undoubtedly he would be both. But we have no evidence that it would be OK with kins, or that he is any good at 1b
yeah, right? I think this is my last year, too big, spread out, hard to connect with people.
"reunited and it feels so god.." bahahahhahaha
*fist in the air* darn you twitter!! Lol
Blake's been clutch in the quarter. Love Kobe giving him some love.
I need to set a reminder to post Chapter 2 because if I don't I will totally forget.
Great to see you in SF today to talk content, causes and online social good. See you at #ONA12!
He did not just say hip hop fairy tale lol
Eric and I had lunch and are heading to Preston HS.
I no but been dealing with it since I was Lil kid nothing new but when I come up oh fuck u I swear lol
Hm...Seems like a tough stat to prove. Kinda like 65% of all stats are made up :-) RT 75% of communication is gossip.
It was so great to meet you both today! Let's be sure to work towards that twitter chat.
Good Night
S/o to follow her
Just got into our cab...driver is bumping MURDER WAS THE CASE THAT THEY GAVE ME.... yikes
Thanks :) She's our little peanut!
and term limits! Two is the max!
I'll tweet you the link if you haven't seen it yet.
Thanks for the recommendation! Looking it up now...
SENIOR PROJECT! Awaiting the madness to pick up and get going.
Ready for this day to be over.
cloudsecurityalliance.org provides security and stds guidance for cloud computing.
#truth and thank you!
Just had dinner with the family
whoa he does look like you a bit!
thank you! See you soon! Xo
were u work now???
new picture lol
Dear all college athletes, if you can't get a 2.6 as an undergrad, you should be remembering to breathe while walking, not more minutes.
oh gotcha.(:
Some of 'em wifey, other ones is triflin' . Better watch out .
Every touch a customer has with your employees, no matter how small, is...the...brand.
Holy crap. Only 2 more months until I finally graduate!!
I'm starting to feel decidedly unwelcome at #Pottermore. Why no welcome email yet?
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
Going goth today! What would a spring goth look like?
Rock? Meet hard place Since NPR helped fund the UH takeover of KTRU I have no sympathy for their funding plight
Girl! 8 of those tickets are bullshit!!! And Im freezing right now :((
Going enjoy myself at home for a week before I come back and start to really worry about unemployment :)
On some men - yeah, they're okay.
;) do you know how wrong that sounds to ppl that have mo idea wat we're talkin bout
I remember college & hitting up Vegas for Spring Break & nobody was there. Just wait 'til Disney comes in
Sitting on the back porch with a smoothie and me doggie. Kale, spinach, grapefruit, ginger, apple, and cucumber. Yummers!
o scary! But still kinda beautiful!
Woohoo, first jazz dance class of the year! Now need to keep it up..
G'nite Kathy....have a wonderful week!
Hot hair and fashion show in Orlando, Fl Sunday Sept 18th at 6pm! Industry professionals will be in the house!
"What if you cd make an experience a tangible item? What if you could design for that?" (what if you could #measure it?)
Almost half way through 's Marketing In The Round. Excellent read so far.
you're so cool because you put me down. 
High stepping , trying to avoid the bullshit%&$#@
Still have't sent computer in. Transferring stuff from hard drive today and THEN I'll send it in. Miss it. Miss my guy too.
cannot what to have you in chef
My address on Etsy is www.auntcarriescottage.etsy.com
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 4
And wtf is happening w Dwight Howard!? Watched too many soundless Sportscenter segments in airport bars in past 10 hrs
Hawks def need a win against the Coyotes tonight.
Local professional sports teams support youth athletics creating a lifetime audience. How can the music industry do the same?
freaster... easter with friends.... successful....
are you a boy or girl though?
yes my birthday landed in May now!
It's $3 Microbrew Pint Day at the Echo! RT if you think that this should be a weekly National holiday!
Vancouver going to start rioting again?! Congrats LA
First person to go home is British, yay go USA!!
Close, but no. Guess again!
OH : "There are a lot of clandestine wood shops all over campus"
Studying lots of #anatomy. A #nakedgirl shows up on #tumblr and all I'm looking at are the #insertionpoints of her
I am sending a letter in the post to you. with 2 photo's. Hope the letter isn't boring
Overly hype right now
You are imperfect. Everyone is imperfect. But just because you're not perfect doesn't mean you're not worthy.
: behold the power of social media to instill shame!
hopefully Rask can
Bart looks devastated.
Umm kinda hurt but i will get through it……i hope?!
5 days. 2 bottles of aloe. That's normal, right?
im in DC right now so maybe people are just jealous that they dont get to hang out with Obama, idk
Rather ironic that Christl spearheads the Packers Heritage Trail after he took issue with some info in book "Green Bay: A city & it's team"
Happy Record Store Day! My 2 yr/o: "Mommy, what's a record store?"
My dogs are trippin. Poor babies.
I can actually get a sense of the history and the story, and the spirit of it all.
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
hey thanks for the follow mention me and ill do the same for u
he really does though, he's a good hitter but so bad at fielding
And with you!
finaly went to go see the avengers with :)
There's no point in fighting with guys unless it AT LEAST leads to an angry hookup session with moderate biting.
If you want to avoid and address issues regarding health ins, then this is the book Mitzi McCartha RN, MSN, Author www.theprofittrap.com
Ah hurry and get here already before i fall asleep! \(._.)/
“: May God Bless all of our firefighters, paramedics, police officers, soldiers...”yes! 9-11
These people are a hot mess in Kroger smh
The day? RT : A6 Tool of the week? What boards should we have?
Yay! Not only did I pick Ferretti but I had the pleasure of photocopying alongside him while interning at Scorsese's prod office in the 90s
send me a pic then lol
I've been a good iSheep for awhile but I'm going to have to pass on this iPad I
I need to go bed for that -___-
Sorry, my mistake. Closeted Greek homosexual, 900p. I know, what are the odds!
It was good :) the only bad thing was there was no Grater's ......other than that it was perfect :)
Shameful just Shameful
when I'm monitoring the cameras
HDMI Extender - Enjoy High-Definition Video in Multiple Locations ...
Holy shit. I'm about to stuff plugs up my dads nose if he doesn't stop snoring! Idk if that even works. I just want him to stop.
What is happening
Eating Pizza , Wings & Cinnamon Bread Sticks W. Blue Cheese ! M ;) I'm Fat Lmao
Wondering if #F1 could build cars that are any uglier.
awesome background. what is your best marathon time?
can't wait to hear what you guys do with that track
I love this beard. RT : Whether the glass is half full or half empty depends on who you’re selling it to.
Done with work for the day! Treating myself to Chipotle. Hadn't been to one in years, but felt like going today. Then, haircut!
Its only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.
Thx. Looking forward to meeting u in NYC. RT : 's dry shampoo comes in 3 shades so u don't have to worry about grey...
Nice post! What a great tip about now being the time people donate work-out gear they bought for the new yr and never used!
I know! I'm part exhausted toddler, part Veruca Salt, part faucet-eyed Spongebob. It's a dangerous mix!
<3 absoutly perfect <3 I would lie w/ him and just forget the world <3 ;-)
“: Heading to SJ for the night, hope to see everyone at The Refuge show! support tonight is his night!” <333
Awwwwwwwwwwh said he missed <3 i bet he does
Now following the lovely FB!!?!?!?
You can't put nothing pass nobody. Real Sh-t.
Lizzy&#39;s Page - Living with Spinal Muscular Atrophy: A Dying Babies ...
Hey - you catch the winner of the #NASCAR race? You must have spread some magic on that helmet!!
Hey, thanks for the follow. Looking forward to connecting.
. That (expletive) gopher better not have gotten the assist.
Two days of rain has ruined my "play in the garden" plans. Luckily weather is match for "wine with the girls"..
o-o you just told everyone :(
“: Never believe that a few caring people can't change the world. For, indeed, that's all whoever have. -Margaret Mead”
and I are remotely Joining your house warming party. Have fun!
this is terrible. Arrested? write them tix and send em home. RT Raw video: Role-playing couple pleads guilty in court -
Great advice from : keep the contact throw away the content.
I second that. RT : "All right! Gluten-free bread!"
Media giving Tim Wakefield a Standing Ovation. Priceless. #redsox Wake!!!!!!!
hey amalie its me mary, please follow me back. =)
EFG Creative is seeking an intern for a graphic design position. If you are that person or know someone, please email:
haha I'm just saying...I want this damn machine and she been there for an hr now
oh..well then yeah...that guy probably hated his job. Lol
give me away..Lol
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'll get some on monday...wow I'm busy! all the hard work will pay off though! :)
Done for the night. Check out vicad.com for more stories.
but you have to come to so cal I'll buy 2
Thanks for posting the cover. We'll have it up on the rest of the internet soon.
It was love from the first time we touched
im tryin to see wat dat video look like
A girl in my zoology class was looking at a diagram of a human vagina and claimed "It looks like a little person"
We have to model these politics. Live out the politics that we are articulating.
Sorry For Your Lose, She's In A Better Place Now :) Stay GRAND/ICONic <3
hit em long and hit em straight. I'm taking my Burner 2.0s and R-11 driver out for a ride tomorrow...
What a day
who else is bored as fuck
I just wish you could take a walk in my shoes. You'd understand.
of coursee .. how much tixx n is it a meet n greet
haha el no c:
Doing my reading assignments for the night just as my sister decides it's time for trumpet practice. Concentration gone.
A person is a "who" not a "which." "John Smith, which is our VP," is not correct.
HEY!!! wat r u doin at 8EST today? oh you haven't heard? www.stickam.com/swingthecoast the cool place 2 B :D
Good Times! This should be a fun couple of weeks, always stand by the one you love, even with a swollen eye and all :)))
do I feel like I'm as food as MJ?? Lol
Go fuck yourself
If God brings you to it�He will bring you through it!
Eat more, earn more. You can increase your earning rate by dining regularly on the program. Work your way up to 15% back!
RT : Since nobody else seems to be updating on it, the #Brewers split squad is up 5-0 against the Royals in the 4th.
I don't want your damn lemons.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Child Protective Services NEVER reveals the identity of a person who calls the child protection hotline.
Sat had Domino's,Sun.had Rudy's .Just had Schlotsky's.
I'm 48 . . .with life chill, it feels like 58!
I Hate my Face is trending? Well, I do hate my fucking pizza face, but its whatevz
Do YOU know of a great story of success? Paste the link below!
It's not that big of a deal, I don't care about proof...
Ugh. It's been a frustrating season so far. Hope they can get things turned around!
Ok u no its bad when u have more text from ur grandma bout your tattoo than your rents
Thanks, Nick!
What's the reason that i hold on.. when it's tearing me apart? :(
Got to hand it to that #Gronk guy. That was one heckuva catch.
I accept that- and think they should both be in. How about Rolen and Edmonds?
Yeah Carmelo!!!!!!! Let's go Knicks lets win this
About 50 are in attendance at Greenfield School Board meeting far cry than the 130 that were at last month's meeting.
and the Barbie out front , according to Misela, is my sister in law, she calls her Aunt Becky.
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Goodbye Yellow Brick Road '73 Sir Elton John
devise new endeavors, i'm as live as a hive full of predators.
Getting up from my desk for the first time today. This is not healthy.
I had guacamole and lemonade for dinner tonite. It was either that or PB&J. I win!
EVERYONE UNFOLLOW !!!! HE'S A FAKE STEALING A BOY INSTAGRAM PICTURES!!!! UNFOLLOW!' RT !!!!
It does. I like that includes the Expo/Gold/Orange line extensions currently under construction.
fooollloooww? pretty please
Caught up with tonight before she heads off on the NY Media Tour. Finally watched the state pageant with & Jordan!
Nobody really "hates" u.they just dont love themselves and for that GOD is the healer..Pray for those who cant love themselves.
What a fun night. Thanks everyone at motr!
what do want me to do ?
": what it dew my ninja we bout to hit this highway" Bet fam hmu when yall hit tha D
Would love to hear sing "Fragile". Talk about a perfect pairing. Dark on Dark , with a touch of light.
Skeetones in Athens tonight with our good friends Pharaoh Loosey and DJ Sean C. 'tis going to be a rager!!
thanks beth! I'm here till Sat. Hope to see you.
The girl sitting in front of me has major back acne.. gross.
Wow many new followers since I last logged in! Lots of stuff going on, including
CONGRATS for winning male artist, villian, twit, and teen choice hottie <3 #beliebersgohard!
The lunch lady at my school doesn't accept t-$. #smh HOAR.
Q: trade w East, discovery of Americas, role of “new” plants; A: these were curiosities for botanical garden, not the kitchen garden.
technically he is, but he doesn't actually use it.
Yeah. Signs was decent. Everything after is just horrifying.
Just keep your drink, and give me the money
I have a problem. I'm completely addicted to Frasier. Seriously, guys.
Doesn't to see more
I said kinda! Came to the horrifying realization last night that Spurs are my least hated team left in the west.
What's this for?
THANK YOU FOR THE DONATION DOLL! I just got back from a 24 mile ride (part on the )
#Gophers kill the penalty
Looking for extras for a TV spot shooting in Madison, WI on Tuesday, April 10th from noon until 6pm. Get back to me if you're interested.
Thanks for the retweet! So glad they publish that info!
hey!! Long time! I'm studying for finals. You?
because he's still lying about his age. Lol.
SO TRUE!!!
Moody Bible Institute has sent more missionaries overseas than any other school in the world.
The only thing that gets me threw a Monday.... New music duh
awesome. Looks like Grande Place?
On set after working 12 hours & with no sleep . Thank God for trucker speed!
Lmao kid yelling at grandma and grandma shouts at kid WHY THE HELL YOU YELLING.
Taliat Tarsinov will be at CCB this weekend. Call the studio now to book your lessons as he's filling up fast! (202) 363-8344
omg yes please?!
please leave that spectacular mustache though
": im chilling for NOW" Good SHIT!! Keep it dat way! Lol
ah...i love fridays, RT this if you also love fridays.
Piers, ask them if they are willing to put themselves and their staff LAST in line to get paid if US defaults. It's only right.
Interested - How does your "no prior auth policy" work? What happens when they come up?
Parents always want their kids to have it better than they did. That's why I send my children to public #Montessori school.
RT : Bawling. Just Bawling. We love you and we're so proud of you!
I don't claim it's 100% useful-but I bet given our testing culture it'll happen soon as there's consensus on an "effective" way
They're basically the same. Boils down to which service has the albums you're interested in or people you're interested in following
If Minneapolis, MN is so COLD...
#mubb RT : I changed my number for next season lets see who can guess it first.....
Me too!! xo
I got them all for the low @ my websites I'LL GIVE YOU A DEAL HERE FROM www.NikeAirYeezys.Us www.AirYeezy.Info
Welcome Elliott Baliban of Hartwick College, heading to DC for a summer internship working in the non-profit sector! Congrats!
is facebook the new santa claus? Will decreased privacy keep us more honest and accountable? Take an objective look at your online presence
because stupid people still buy them
come to milwaukee and bring your brewer contact
I predict many more in my future. Do you have any?
Blondes, ugh. Just posted a photo #instagram & forgot caption ;/ just had to get cucumber vodka :drool: it's hot out & it's Friday!
i am zone to Clements!?! but i also wanna go to Elkins which one should i go to?
Trying to avoid being heard by my mom
#SometimesIWonder why people treat others with such discust
Wearing a red panda kigurumi and doing the cooking dance to stand up look sharp
Wearing my retainers for the first time in weeks.
What's up Vegas? Who's a filmmaker, photographer or iOS developer in da house?
I whooped that ass n Dominoes and pool o.o
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Dell Streak 7, Android Tablet, T-Cell 4G
Oh I love that it gave you a bit of joy. I love you even more now.
When is it this year? I should go.
. In this sandwich the bread on each side is delicious or at least showing potential.
I would love to end Boston's run... Maybe even make a "the Garden is closed for the season" comment.
yeah, I like those. I hate that dude on Sarah's team, though.
the amount that i haven't drank in the past few days really upsets me
If u like sumbody then show them
