Dear : After an amazing start to the year for Indy, please don't embarrass us by vetoing the Marion County smoking ban.
If you are interested in working with Portland’s flagship food & drink festival, head to www.feastportland.com
for the first time ever #wmata track work makes my life easier! LOVE the shuttle service along the #Arlington orange line corridor!
: "Conspiracy is easier to understand than complexity." Amen.
hi smart man! Thanks for responding!!
Who?! What movie?
Chillin my nigga......working hard everyday....how bout u how did u this year
OMG I totally just saw that happening LMAO. Must be a "product of the 90's" thing lol
not sure, got a text from larry, though everything looks okay? maybe it was my old building?
Thank you! We're honored to be selected and looking forward to
The #1 movie this day in 1991 was Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare. Was it final?
me too! RT : Yay! Happy I found you tonight, style doppelganger!! Thanks to for bring us together ;)
6-1!!! Someone get Cuba their sleeping blanket.
“ #Libras know what say to make you smile, laugh, hurt, cry, etc. a #Libra knows how to draw you out of your comfort zone.”
It’s #Superbowl Sunday! Are you rooting for the #Giants or the #Patriots? Share photos of your pets in their #NFL jerseys on Facebook!
Oh the curse of my embarrassment-by-proxy. is making us watch someone do Ciara covers outside the grocery store
I eat my cake with a ladle.
No, thank Jesus no. It's usually some kind of stew...
Its cute how my nephew comes out of his bath, he lays there waiting fer his diaper & he starts PISSING on me. And then he laughs after. Aha
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint. Mark Twain
nice afternoon in Eola Amity Hills
This is gonna be embarrassing if we lose to these guys, rees better start throwing some completions. under 50% comp. % is awful.
why do teachers think its a great idea to give us homework with like a week left..yeah idk about anyone else but my care level went down..
How big is your bed? :o
what kind?! Send a pic!!
right they made some adjustments since u been gone its much better now
#hoodjesusmiracles credit card not getting declined at the register
But think: if the most well-funded campaign in history can't... : 1 word I (thankfully) haven't heard on this call yet - "Houdini"
Thank You Rebel E Publishers for the email your very welcome and thank you
Thanks for your help! #WeLoveEntrepreneurs! #BizDen2012 :)
What is that hum I hear? Do my neighbors really have their AC on already?! I was kind of looking forward to a lower PGW and PECO bill.
don't be a prude
girls are really born to be complicated.And the funny thing about it is that, boys are born to love complications.
Nicely written. Totally agree.
when does season 3 air bro? Missin the laughs. You guys are a great inspiration for me
would offer stay here, but our roof leaks in 4 spots, maybe I will just float to NY then wont have to worry about transport
Let me guess, you just saw that commercial with the stereo ? RT : Jennifer Lopez is beautiful
I'm so happy that you r going 2 be on TV again!! RT IF U CAN'T WAIT RO SEE ICONic Boyz!!!!!!!!
I'm jealous too!
Need something to do tonight....
yes. Haha. Ops.
what's up in Woodson?
straight up the only thing i dont like is the bottom
that's how you got so many so fast! You had help! teehee ;) Rematch! lolz
Fa Sho Bra I Need Beatz
The rest of my life starts in 2 weeks!!! #KILLEDtheinterview #whoop !!!!!
Just went ABOVE and BEYOND on this English project! A+ i think!
AP Testing tomorrow.. ahh.
ya definitely! It was great meeting u. It was fun...see u thurs at the show
RT Today in #Herstory: In 1967: Joan Baez arrested as part of massive anti-war protests in America.
Is Bill Hall playing for anyone today?
Alright! It's the end of the day, and it's time to announce a winner for and 's $150 gift card contest!
We feel loved. Thx for following!
Re-entering reality.....soon. soon.
Yes, need to put a little work into making luck happen!
M... #DoritosLocosTacos #Contest Everyone should retweet this because I'm pretty sure everyone in Avon loves Taco Bell, and Doritos too.
Fans $20 buckets of Miller LIght B4 & After the Game! Upstairs in the PENALTY BOX! $4 shots! SEE YOU TONIGHT!
Teddy Downy from TJStrategies: #PellGrants will see modest cuts. But future depends on next presidential election.
Are they expensive? Some are almost $5 apiece! Sheesh
CHEERS :D
The walls are singing hallelujah, amen.
Glad to hear a vigil is coming together. I hope it goes well!
Watching "The Neverending Story." Wow. Statues with giant titties and big gay "luck dragons." WHY did my parents let me watch this?
models interested in booking their photo shoots & call: 347-445-7275 or email: www.43studios.com
So apparently taking a stall door is vandalism.
brothe rhi hi hi hi whats up talk to me
Sources say DOES #evolvealready on #MarriageEquality - thank you to all of those who continue to pressure for what is right!
The rain has cleared up in Downtown Pittsburgh and the sun is out and shining again! Views are beautiful from the 14th floor of Arrott!
Great, my mom is into conspiracy theories again.
": Just doin' the damn thing! Let's get lunch soon!"< Definitely. It'd be nice to catch up.
Staring at a guy with a tattooed face @ OHare, then as he came closer, staring back at me, I saw he was a burn victim. No one worse than me.
I'll be right there RT : 85 right now in #Vegas... just sayin' RT : DOHHHHHH!!!! It's SNOWING.....
Just added: Friday, June 8th at the Route 66 Roadhouse with Killer Ghandie and Eyes Made Ready. Let's blow the roof off that place!
“: The past can't be changed, edited, erased or forgotten. It can only be accepted.” so true :)
turtles are sexy. okay.
Still looking for people who buy industrial PET sheet who can tell me their version of "The shortage is/isn't over."
Hey hey hey! #GlutenFree foodies unite! No upcharge on any gluten-free menu items all day to day, and 2-4-1 New Grist Beer!
*note to self: when beheading an enemy make sure your sword is sharp*
Game IS on TV. I don't know the answers to the other questions.
suggests NSF, NEH, LOC, exploring working for gov't while in school
I did indeed. Born and raised in Berkeley, but I've lived on the East Coast for the past decade. I miss the redwoods!
Half of women in 2011 said they regularly influence friends and family to buy or not buy a particular product or service.
hey!!! How's life? I may be heading to Nashville soon actually.
At 2am, the iPad is just a really expensive night light.
It is almost time, and I have yet to see JCS. Unacceptable.
looks like a great #bonein when I go big I win 80 percent of the time cheers. Great April
Thanks for the follow!
Congratulations to Chuck Hayes of Bothell! Chuck won a new I-Pad II from our Boat Show drawing.
I believe, ratchet, is the adjectice best associated in the determining of deez hoes.
"How delicious is the winning of a kiss at love's beginning."
Sir Mikol Mode: musical lust Watch out D Bar... ;-)
Computer programming professor has worn different Hawaiian shirt to every lecture thus far
yeah going to get wasted this weekend :-)
Your welcome. We are the nations only operator of a Portable Cruse Museum Scanner. Msg us for More details...
if I do it I'm touchin everywhere lol
Does anyone remember #Reboot??
RT : Artists and geeks mixing it up today at www.createbaltimore.org
Beware of the horrid stomach flu.
agree RT crowdfunding is really interesting. good argument can be made for progressive effects. not just a GOP issue
please follow me ;]? i believe in your music and you. you are truly amazing <3 :) 4ever & always, Kimberly <3
Thats what you think until you get lonely from him going on 6-12 month deployments.
i like Restaurant
"Dogs the size of horses." Pug Calvary opportunity?
Thanks Beth for the RT. Did you get yours?
:p I'm sorry for blowing up ur notifications I just like talking to you :)
Thank God for this warmup, I'm so ready for springtime I can't wait to start going to the park for bball.
The only thing that's always on my mind is you ! And you will always be ! 25/7
Can I go to. Though I wouldn't really blend in.....
Stop retweeting pro-anorexia accounts! :( You don't want to be associated with that.
Yes sir.
Quote of the Day: Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see. -Schopenhauer
The front porch is the most important room in my house. Enjoying my pups, porch, neighborhood sounds and awesome weather.
this new Kindle Touch (not the Fire, which is an entertainment device) just might be the thing I need to read and annotate PDFs. I hope
thinks that if you post your own dirty laundry on facebook, you have no reason to bitch that people are nosey...
Thank you so much for answering. have a wonderful day : )
Love you Fox!
know anyone who sells telecoms products.. please re tweet or get them to give us a call 0844 880 2010. Fantastic Channel Partner opportunity
I was gonna get a burger tonight until I read your rant!
Dealing with an unruly 10-month old puppy... working on a speech outline... and getting ready for bed.
as did I. And, I also sighed a bit. And then thought about Upton Sinclair, and then forgot everything, promptly.
he got no reaction. Thats the best part
I'm loving twitter.
Follow me is a Sexy account related to Watch porn ;)
Nielsen Spirits Data: Slight Slowdown in January from the spirits scanner data for the 4-week period ended 2/4: momentum slowed by 0.8%
RT #Aries people always are the first ones to start - as well to finish - what - every they set out to do
that's great. You can do it. Do you want to go to school in Colorado? I went to Georgia State University majored in Business Admin.
Took the best nap ever
I know! And I usually just feel like a dork because I missed out on whatever a story was based on. But not this time!
.... Or in my bed in San Diego?! Haha idk that's a tough one ;)
#hth2012 frank giving good news / bad news. good news lots of data. bad news don't use or care for data
have the games been good over there? havent played much cash over there really. gl
Ex-Friends.... U really making that happen. And to think, i thought I knew you.
yeah!!! Good luck man, i'm sure you'll do awesome.
RIP Chief Jay Strongbow
Holy Dolly Parton's face!
omg... Isnt Angel ur dog?! :( im so sorry Austin!
#UniversityMontana or #MontanaState? Seems like #skibum factor may be biggest difference so far
Beautiful goal....er...goals devils!!! 2 goals in 20 seconds.
Devouring Alison Bechdel's Are You My Mother?
Stop over at Grandma's house on the way to Ohio and Kenyon!!!!!
To all the people that are complaining about having to leave the beach... At least you got to go.
TONIGHT...the B-A-H are headed to Irvin Mayfield's for the Midnight Brass Jam...come get it in with the Brass-a-Holics!!
Ha! Thank you for the guess!
Does Joakim Noah have a bun on the top of his head??!
#NowListeningTo; "Lose Yourself" By #Eminem c:
Got home from Nap at about midnight and I'm the only one awake at work.
maybe you should call the Coach store and ask for their recommendation
2 classes to go
Very close second.
DOSA brown bag: "An Update on Assessment at #Northwestern" with Assoc. Provost Jake Julia - Weds, 10/5 @ noon, Norris Big Ten Room
"Don't dwell on what you lack; dwell on what you have and use it to the fullest with gratitude. Don't dwell on your failures-learn from...
Chicken Shack! Chicken Shack! 414.799.1917. Fry it up!
This year should be special.for The New Youk Jets Management they need to be congratulated on Tim Tebow. Super Bowl on the horizon .
Absolutely, please contact me, Nadia 314/369-7639 thank you & look forward to talking to you.
With my aunt. She got in from Panama.
hey there and how are you?????
Interesting... IMOH depends on industry. Also posts w/o prices on pinterest more likely repinned
It has been predicted that today's children will be the first generation that will not live as long as the generation before them
DONT TALK TO ME LIKE THAT OR I WONT
Emily! Thank you so much for the kind words. Really.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable...like a coma.
Welcome & kinda
been real since '92..think about it
ill come visit you someday :p
It's a "bottle of Veuve to the head while in my underwear" kinda day
forgot his lunch yesterday. remembered it today. now they're buying pizza for everyone in the office. my life is so hard.
you're welcome.
In or around the Binghamton NY area? We have a great disaster recovery event coming your way next month. Stay tuned for more details soon!!
but im not a rapper
Mad shout out to bacause that wash funny and true
well have at it ;-)
Glad for full captioning for the #SuperBowl, , but where was the #ASL performance of the Star Spangled Banner? Disappointing.
I have thought the same thing for a long time now.
you off Friday?
Be honest. Which are you more likely to read: An unknown's inspiring up-from-adversity story, or a tell-all celebrity crash-and-burn story?
I've been hacked. How do I change my password
What Tan, White and Blue all over? Your sad house! Let us make it happy!
These bitches ain't Irish lol
Thank Father for ALL my blessings!!! Make it an Awesome day!!
Traffic at 3:15pm? Another reason to love the train! I could have been reading.
chat went way too fast, will there be another?
"Take the golden An in the Tan Van, you give it Dan who takes it to Fran" - Everything in the plan rhymes w/ An. <3 Sesame St!
We are on Yelp! If you've been by the store please go by and leave a review. Let us know what you thought!
but you're one of the good ppl! I know! I've blocked crazy. Gmorning Jill :)
Too bad all the people who know how to run this country are busy running taxicabs or cutting hair.
#ImThatPersonWho You Call Wen Its Time 2 B A Freak😝😉
Thanks! Getting ready to cheer for your Broncos now. :)
That moment when he tells you , he loves you ...
Yaaaaaay! And you are so not a loser...especilly compared to me lol, howve you been?
Nice! Send pic please.
But someone should tell this girl nit to be so judgemental. Well not everyone was born with the ability to dress themselves properly. Lol
Red Sox updates are just so chipper ... until the tweet with the final score.
I act like it doesnt face me but it hits me hard
lol right! That does sound like the cleveland area
Hey have you seen the pilgrim Herman Cain? Or the Porsche driver Jane mcgarry??
I can't blame you.
Ouch! That looked like it hurt Mr. Rose.
G.O.O.D is good.
I see no point in excessive drinking either for those where are of age.
#Gym flow
hahaha that's awesome!
Play me..? Naaa...! You got another thing coming
there is a bunny that lives/hangs out outside my house. i have named him clarence. if you understand you can go ahead and marry me...
hell tea ;D
have a wonder break my brother...
Does anyone own an inkjet printer that I can use tonight?
CAREER: The faculty has created a website: umwcobcareernetwork.ning.com
As a child I always enjoyed following series, and as an adult I do too. I'd rather have a series that I can spend more time with.
Thou shall not babysit a burner
Who wants to go to the park later it's nice outside!
has to abolish records of guys who cheated taken steriods and hgh and not have them on the ballot at all period.
likewise, Kenny. I'm wishing you a lot of #DoubleBass action!
no im not looking for someone else imma tell u tht once n only once
Who's been in Heartbreak Hotel? </3
worf is a little bitch.
Greg Biffle sucks. I can drive 2 laps and stop jr from passing me and then my teammate. No effort to win. Weak. Bitchmade.
"and forgive us our sins, as we have forgiven those who sin against us" -Matthew 6:12
Celine Dion's "It's All Coming Back to me Now" just came on my itunes shuffle. Obviously a good sign for the night.
I dont think a real man can ever measure up! Ha
Is Harlem safe?
VIrginia Tech on lockdown. Reports of man with handgun. The last thing this campus needs to experience again.
Just successfully played Chinese red light.
Here we go! #Samoa v #Newzealand in the Finals! Should be an incredible match!
Yeah, the est list looked killeR! So awesome. How was weekend1?
Better days are gonna find you once again and every piece will find it's place.
Time. To. Edit.
What just said to me. I don't know if it was funny or not. It was baby funny I guess.
I am 4 Prince truly his music take u places in ur heart mind & soul like no other I have all his albums & I treasure them
Seriously so thankful for being an athlete on day like these
Why thank you!
thanks lil bro
/dies from excitement.
watching #neversaynever3D directors cut right now! its so good!
In addition to puns I am also now compulsively thinking of overly ridiculous feminist poetry titles. What is motherhood doing to my brain?
No one used the term "stalking." :P (and I was referencing an officer in another state).
Jenny! Whats up girl? How is everything? Just looking at your site. Its growing :) good for you! You coming to AZ soon?
Snowing in Louisville. Kinda nice... except for the cold.
#SkiforSunshine day 3/2! 8 items of non-perishable food will get you a free all-day lift ticket! Benefiting SunnyD!
just talking about he wants to see what they're about. Do they truly believe what they or just spitting for the cameras?
hate you.
has had an amazing day! Worked out at the gym this morning. Had an introduction call with a new business partner. Spent some time...
SO AM I!!! yeah when she started talking I was like OMG MARGUERITEE!!
After the Rays cut the lead to one, Mark Teixeira responds with an RBI double to right field and brings home A-Rod. #Yankees lead 5-3.
hilarious!RT : Says 6 year old, frowning hard: "I've never seen a skateboarder run over by a car." I know. Totally sucks. :(
You would think we would reealize we are too pretty for them and then leave but we stay and get hurt all over and over again
Can't stop listening to #GOBLIN. Its not for everyone & maybe thats why i love it so much! Still waiting on #WOLF oddfuture.com
you are the sound that makes me want to punch and infants.
Excited to celebrate #ColoradoSprings! & will benefit from #GrandOpening. Giving back tastes good!
I only enter names and numbers into my contacts so I can see who I'm ignoring when they call
ohh okay wish u was close
lol my bad
Dr. Murray found guilty!!
TY for including me!
Vigilance, indeed!
Ima go with because he pays in advance.
Thanks for following!
WHO WANTS TO MAKE SOME FUCKING MUSIC. GOOD FUCKING MUSIC. HIT ME UP 414-429-3973
$ trumps bod cuz bod can paid for : Tip 3. hot body and high salary can be mutually exclusive ideals
awww..I'm gonna come up to the shop real quick..
oh no! Sadness
Check out my newly completed digital resume and portfolio, www.kaitlynparsons.com!
two years? I cant deal with Mesa. I wouldn't another year with her. I'd die lol
The IT guys at this place are amazing ... I feel like they have regular conversations in JavaScript
Having a great time watching football spring practice in Rochester.
Davis Cup in ATX
Can everyone in the collective please stop injury themselves? Looking at you and
Reliving my late 90s obsession with Ace of Base. Love
One photography goal for the year: learn about, and create, HDR (high dynamic range) photos.
what up bro! I met you at Midnight Records this year in LA.
Yeah it was odd. Both guns were solid, it's just that the Glock seemed more intuitive. I shot it better with less "effort."
This corkscrew is stressing me out
sick ass album man good shit
Is Ryan Gosling actually Batman? I'm pretty convinced.
Imagine reaching in to a stocking and finding one of Aux Anysetiers du Roy chocolate fondues! Stop by for more #stockingstuffer ideas!
(C) the best body.. now that I actually have a boyfriend and friends? You really want to switch me to a school that has beautiful girls (c)
RT RT If you can't wait 12 more days!
Startup Advisers Who Tweet
Lol even 1D's old bus driver Allen has fans!
OMG looks so cute in this movie and so does
Getting a good night sleep or seeing my bf when he gets off work
"Always read something that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it." P. J. O'Rourke
Nap time!
right here for u love
Hi there!!! I'm well!
I'll be there. I'm going to the Thursday game. Don't have any real logistics planned outside of that.
so is Opa going to be eligible? Or do you have any knowledge of the situation at all?
august 22-24. get there if you can, it's gonna be sick!
Or the actually sad inverse...fans of the band turning against them (heh) because of Gobel's announcement.
its just a novel idea
Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit is where it's at..
an yes, came yesterday
MT checked out 's Bury Me Deep? On my list! :)
For you drummers out there that do covers simply type in drumlees tracks in the youtube search. You'll find tons of songs without drums.
Dropped off 500 sample packs for Bark! to put in goodie bags for the Walk for Paws event to benefit the Animal Advocates of Howard county
Hookah aint got me this light headed in a minute, GOT DAMN
he was awesome. Your twin creeped me out though.
Portland Oregon, do yourself a favor
Kansas City must be purged with nuclear fire.
With a quality press and die, zero make-ready & waste is possible. Viable for sheet quantities of 100 pieces or more
Just need to know what that pussy like so one time is fine with me
Poor attempt from to try to hack my twitter. Better luck next time.
Yes, i love subway.
Is your favorite musician as a kid still one of your favorites today?
Listening to some Rap - Radio. actually not bad to listen to BOYS rapping.
I'm really starting to think every man I attract is a UK hater. SMH.
I did, so follow?
Lol did you buy anything good? RT : now I can go enjoy some retail therapy
They were making fun of her calling her 'ugly,fat,whore,fat ass' and more.. I couldn't stand it. So I took up for her<3.
Congrats to Prince William, I hope your marriage doesn't hit a wall like your mom did.
how discouraging!
I'm Mafiuh (;
I've packed my family photos already, just in case.
y'all eating with the salad fork again?
Anybody who hasn't had the chance to check out our EP needs to do so! It's 100% free and hopefully some good tunes.
The Hawks just collapsed so that you could go to bed.
Obamas Job Plan. Thoughts?
American Ethnography/s Martin Høyem has no fewer than five research blogs at work for us: 2 China, 2 Brazil, 1 USA. They sure work great.
Kinda wanna get my blog goin again. Update weekly. Less emphasis on stats, more just havin fun with it.
ugh I'm so not excited!!! I hate it so much!!! And I don't no wat to pack cause we have to be suuupppeeerrrrr modest!!!!
Could be, but its anal sacs in this case, which tend to be super fermentative, maybe chemical + bacteria.
Just finished the last chapter of my new Bond book; can't wait to continue the journey in a revision next year with Skyfall.
What is power dress fo a women vs man and young vs mature? 1st ans. More powerful to dress down. Seems it depends on your industry.
I'll just change it when I get home :)
to you as well!
Whatever he touches turns to shit RT : So here is the real question..does Obama pick UK when he fills out bracket on Sunday?
Hahahahaha! I love PD!!! I need to watch tonight's episode!
i really needed to know that
Radio_pirate nicee! I am gonna try to go to the Chicago date but idk. I really wanna go see them!
screw you biotch
58 Sunny today. Near 60 Friday & Saturday sunny skies. Mid 60s Easter Sunday. BIG change next week to cooler & wetter weather.
Y'all are missing some really good music.
Lakers need to etch a sketch tonight's game
please follow, i'd love you forever if you did!
looking for the perfect song for my short film, any suggestions?
Hairs. There are going to be fewer of them.
Glad you got to be there for the opening!
Special TODAY ONLY....all nail services after 12PM today are 25% off!! Call now for your reservation!!
Always smile ~ for no man or obstacle can take this away ~ by Stacey Chatman
not an issue. ESPN has a contract with SEC. Win/win for both. Increased exposure for SEC. Big10 could do same with BTN
that's what she said!
Just got caught up on episodes I missed. Seriously...I am completely blown away by this season!! Can't wait for Monday!
Kurt Vonnegut~ New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with the richer we become.
She is my dancer when she dance i throw her dollars she work hard for the money so so hard
#wordoftheday appurtenances from my building code - n. 1. Something added to another, more important thing; an appendage."
Ray Rice could be the #GAMECHANGER for the Packers think about it TT.
Snagajob uses breakout spaces instead of offices
TODAY IS MY B-DAY YAY I AM 18 !!! :D
Good value in BOS -135. I think they should be at least -165
hey, just bringing those mentions back to life x
Sorry, I didn't check earlier been busy. Hope it wasnt too thick. driving should have been ok after 10am.
You tell me not to walk away, well your the one who taught me how.
The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been
After this loss by the Knicks and now Rivera with a torn ACL this night has only gone from bad to worse.
oh nice! tell him to vote for Murk! haha
And it's guaranteed to work or your money back. : )
Ha! I JUST bought some linen napkins at Goodwill. I was hoping to add some fancy to the everyday (and reduce paper waste).
Cheers! gift giving to oneself is an awesome thing!
I will check it out. Thx.
wow nice
Banging this nigga go hard def in my top 3 n the city think he need a home wit & D-Block
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. ~ Scott Adams (via )
Sam & Dean look into the case of a ballerina found dead from dancing herself to death. NEW #Supernatural tonight @ 9 on CW20!
hahahah! that's a little awkward. (: I love your mother!
Somthing is about to go down i can feel it loll.(;
He who has great power should use it lightly.
Hey Brian, yes - we can do both indoor and outdoor maps in Flock. Send us an email for more details -
“: #ThoughtsWhileRunning THIS IS WHY I SWIM.” I think this everyday.
9/24-Burlington-Lucky Mojos-DJ Reno's Soul-FUNK
Agreed! RT : Traveling in frigid weather? No matter how dorky you think you look, keep your head and neck warm!
Western Sky #Golf #Club -- 18 hole, 6400 yard #GC @ Val Vista & Warner -- sold to #CRE Unit of #Chinese company C-Bons for $3.38m.
However, in some cases, #BV can increase a woman's susceptibility to other #STIs such as #HIV, #Herpes, #Chlamydia, and
It's more sweet than sad - promise! RT : I couldn't watch. I cried with the headline!
calm down ur the first thing I saw ion hear remember this my other account.
Brewers are all kinds of blah right now. Frustrating.
You're right. I won't give up.
BUT I WILL! JUST WATCH.
Felix Hernandez just got rocked. Cleveland style.
I do it's just hard to find a God fearing Men
OMG I will never forget that episode because of the scene with Emily & Maya in the movie theatre! lol
meet up?
As stone business evolves, Spicewood company changes with it - Austin American-Statesman
Ok its confirmed Viola Davis is my best dressed!!! She looks amazing and she's rocking her natural hair!!
me too. She also got to hang out with delicious
Does anybody really know what time it is?
#YouCuteAndAllBut you're not Nick...<3
I think is a great platform, especially for reluctant / fearful educators. Nice & safe
Florence and the Machine on MTV unplugged
Yes, as a Panthers fan, I'm hoping to get Cam Newton tonight.....Is that wrong?!?
Barry almost scored! Crackin game. You watchin?
ain't never won a race;thinking UR may need a pilot.
Oh you're too kind. Thank you.
lol would if they change the logo to the MB glove!? Pretty intense
Bubbly teenage girl excitedly to her friends: There's an app!…
RT : Today on the Ed Schultz Show: , CFTC Commissioner Bart Chilton, and
Ready for the 1st NY #snow storm of the season. Shovels are out of the shed and ready for the morning!
If you're interested in natural, constant, no crash energy, DM me now! I'll get you set up with Vitality ASAP! It's amazing.
what it do?? yeah been on tour...😉
Ngl im excited to become an aunt ^.^
Love is the white light of emotion. Diane Ackerman
That's the 1 out of 10 times Kobe will miss that shot
I won't eat deformed M&Ms. They've already been through enough.
30 -130 Character headlines are ideal
7th week of school! Time is flying by!
Truism: "Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel." - Jimi Hendrix
Thanks to for saving my ass (and grade) in #EMAC 4325!
Wishing as much peace as is attainable to Levon Helm's loved ones. Rest well, sir.
way to go. Good luck
I hope you feel better soon! What I discovered after my recent hospital stay: SLEEP IS A WONDERFUL THING!
I'm in Illinois for the navy
Going to be a wacky Wednesday for me! Lol. Just wanted to drop by and say, "hello!" My Twitter pals are high priority on my daily #goals !;)
Happy First Monday of 2012! Any fun #resolutions?
okay! Text me when you find out!! :)
bus checker app is probably the best thing a londoner can have in his mobile arsenal.
#waystogetoffthephone omg Ella just peed the floor. Sorry gotta go!
That means PGA/NBC is losing as a viewer this weekend! :) We need the ratings! Never should have left Butch!
Singing along to One Direction with my my 3 year old niece was monumental
so what's the deal, you doing a project?!
Need a nutrition plan? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Been working but now it's time for a break
Yes, but getting ready to tweet about the rest....
done and high fived the singer!
Whoa. Did the Tanna really take his ball and go home?
Im so tired of school. Of work. Of stupid teachers. Of annoying ppl. Of ppl who take their sweet ass time walkin in the hall. Im tired of it
haha ok I will hand make u one
Very informative :-) Thank you for sharing!
I am thinking maybe Wade Phillips can apply for the Colorado FB job.
It was a fantastic experience !! So many young ppl showing their love 4 #Israel!! Thanks!!
I don't even have sandels either. Omfg
with a bunch of others just trying to get home! So glad my trip was yesterday instead of today!
hahaha oh yeah, you know, all part of my plan ;) just like our play yesterday
If the Wall of Sound doesn't consume him, nothing will.
"I love you" is a very powerful phrase, be careful how you use it and please never abuse it.
Omaha in one word: COLD
I'm getting tired of all this rumors
thanks to for putting up flyers in their frnt window for events Freedom is doing. Go check em out and get a bite to eat!
Happy Thanksgiving! We look forward to seeing you!
let the #packernation know the belt is here!
#ShoutOut to my New Follower :)
Soo excited to go to the drake concert with june 1st :)))
I #cant wait for this weekend
it's exotic, no? I'm also in the South today.
I find more new music from commercials than I do on
It feels like a Starbucks day. The new blend is fabulous.
How is it that you both have the exact same bios?Are you robots?Artificial inteligence is fascinating to me.
Open my eyes , that I may see wondrous things from Your law.-Psalm 119:18
Taylor got some town houses with up stairs down stairs and 3 bedrooms for 650 a month
One direction <3
Thanks! RT : Amazing jewelry! Great work :) RT : Love your work!!! Check my work out!
Can't donate time? Donate food/drink in Madison for GOTV. bit.ly/gotvfooddonation.
sweating my fuckin ass off. mom please turn on the AC
very interested!
Why would the FBI get Communists high?
and , you guys are stupid.
Dear John is on.. <3 I'm a sucker for cheesy movies n.n
who was the op research college kid on tonights show???
yeah the first version was messed up. it's fixed now.
We miss you
A day of dancing and eating with !!
I HOPE TO FUCK I GET A CHARM BRACELET FROM K JEWELER THIS YEAR WITH A GOD DAMN BEAR HOLDING A HEART! VALENTINES DAY CHARMS BITCHES! BLAMMO!
could not agree more! Can't wait for next week!!
So glad was safe on #fashionstar tonight! Love her style & designs. So NYC chic!
Ready to kick off Spring with a great tan?Our new organic formula delivers flawless,natural results call today to set up your appt! 857-8278
The frontiers are not east or west, north or south, but wherever a man fronts a fact.
#31 Listen Bro, God first, spouse 2nd, children 3rd, church/ministry 4th, there is no other order that it will work!
Merry christmas to everyone!
I have had a long ass day !
On the phone with us right now: Kenny Wormold...the new Kevin Bacon in the Footloose remake...which is actually getting great reviews!
Relax there dino
i hate when people lie.
Thanks for that RT - been wanting to use that line for a while! :)
An older woman, talking through her smiling baby, said I looked "smart and cute." That baby's a good wingman.
Thanks for the follow, Pastor Lilley! Do you know Pastor from Fairhaven Church near Dayton?
Our next info meeting is Tuesday, May 31 at the Federation building at 7:00 pm. Applications are online www.caje-miami.org/mol
Looks like I may get to the dept reception today after all. Maybe around 6 pm.
this game is becoming absolutely ridicules.
Sex aint better than Love until u get ur heart broken. Then sex alleviates that tension.
Giving my xbox 360 away
Let's face it: I suck at writing research papers at this point in college. Woo!!
Ah 515 It's shaping up to be a great morning.
Why can't I find a great contemporary house for my buyers when there are so many houses for sale?!?!
Hope you get well soon! #transmediaholluwood3 today is just great!!
Finally drug myself over to Facebook tonight. Had never found any real use for it. Now got me self all hooked up right dandy like!
Thanks for the tweet!
yeah man i sensed that shit was going to suck once Z left lol im happy with where i am now so its chillen
Reading Pitchfork does not make you a music critic...
amen! Don't play nothing but Chaka on my Chaka station!!! Period...that's like hearing Usher on my Al Green Station..:)
Can you follow us Back please .
Im putting this hair dye on and it looks like cum lol
jb hater one min, jb lover the next? :)
I was about to call you fool! RT:
WE R HONORED! RT : #FF indie films
Sheriff&#39;s log
I'm thinking about everyone who lost someone on 9/11. My prayers and thoughts go out to them. The ceremony at ground zero is so moving.
Hey I have not been on in a while what is cracking? I have been working really hard to keep up with everyone but people are still mad at me.
I'm only human... I make mistakes... I love you Cassi...
S/O We need our shiot in rotation
hey i was once #big myself so i am putting myself down as well,
working, working, working......
I have the money to buy all the property, but I only land on spaces I already own.
Many,many sessions of prayer and petition :)
NEW SONG BY THE END OF THE WEEK FOR CHARITY...POSSIBLY A SECOND BELIEVE ALBUM IN THE WORKS..CAN IT GET ANY BETTER?! A;LKSDJFA;SL
RT: - band of the day to follow:
awesome stuff!!! FINALLY ;-)
Triple accuser in Philadelphia clergy-abuse case testifies to priest abuse ... - Washington Post
you should know both teams will get questionable calls. Smh
your mother would had us driving together.
the link goes to a 404 page :(
Your belief determines your action and your action determines your results, but first you have to believe. by Mark Victor Hansen
I refuse to stop being amazed by the fact that my new external HD for backups is 50,000 times larger than the 1st HD I ever bought.
#sca 2012 Getty's home-grown digital workbench. Almost no $$$. Scrounging computers etc. from staff. And really getting somewhere ...
who do you think you are trying to tell me what to do? you aren't my fucking dad. quit acting like it
Nothing like having a horrible headache on a friday night... Its my favorite!
This looks great Andrew...
You ever wonder why ppl text you? They say hey then 5 seconds later they say bye
and the New York Giants did it.. Do i see another parade coming this year?
just heard the ice cream truck #summerscoming <333
Getting ready for our trip to #Atlanta tomorrow morning to meet with caring individuals that want to
I don't think Ed Helms was a fan of the joke they wrote for him. Neither was I.
Celtics win series over Hawks Go Boston Go!
Is VERY SORRY about the crazy spam tweets earlier. Psycho hacked my account and it took forever to fix.
Remember GRIND will be closed on April 8th--EASTER
i definitely want chick fil a now. haha thanks!
Idgaf. I Love My Mommy<3 She shouldn't be treated this way :'/ Fck him! We don't need you
Taiwan until August 8 but will be in NYC for Labor Day.
hopefully #efc will spend some $ and add a player or 2. We have a chance 2 to do euro at least
Today gonna be a good day!
Just finished having bean soup..it was so fucken delicious....
"Beigneted". I like this as a verb. I also like the image of you tackling Wendell Pierce in the airport.
and i am the manager for chi-town hip-hop recording artist precise i just forwarded you his latest joint "shot's fired"
Remember, QPR needs to win and Bolton/Team playing Villa need to score +15 goals. Send Villa down!
home woman where else lmao :p
because he's always drunk! But nobody writes about that...wait...
New #knitty is up and it has a new look. ooh.
The saltiest soup of them all is ramen.
Headphones + Drum and Bass + Observing a group of jungalist pigeons
Have your Twitter followers check out BlackBeltBachelor.com to cook up an exceptional date in D.C., instead.
Had a blast last night @ #intersectionsDC with , malik and samera. Thanks for making it happen!
Did you know I'm not normally chinky for an Asian person ? O.o Filipinos !
P.E.M.D.A.S please excuse my dope ass swag.
New dresses just printed; www.johnwilliamjesse.com
It was Penkov
you think twitter should come with an instruction manual huh?
When your boxers are to small for something to hold....
put a ring on it
just came back from the heat game :D heat won like a boss!
Swimming pool is no place to give a woman the "look". Believe me, U aren't safe in your Speedo Briefs!
David Justvig puts in goal number 5 of the day. On man up goal. Spartans pick up the tempo. Score 10-7 5:26 left
Man... i just got a nice little idea....
I whips pussy
Grateful for the right words of wisdom @ just the right time!
Meet AU grads who have launched rewarding careers w/ literature degrees @ Literature Career Night: Tonight, 6-8pm, Battelle-Tompkins Atrium
And Lights.. obviously.
"Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture" ~ via Lydia M Child
y are u asking
no problem :D
Happy birthday, ! Hope you had a great day!
Why can't I RT pic links?! Ugh.
Waiting to start work. Working 1-730.
Congratulations on ruining your show. Karen is not Marilyn. You just lost a viewer.
I wanna speak arabic
Another season of LP treasury :) GO RANGERS!
My dog ate my book -_- great
fa sho! bless
so who comin
has a new alert coming this morning.. this is one you definitely dont wanna miss
Have a great day of riding Jake!
Richard Fish: "Helping others is never more rewarding than when it's in your own self interest."
I know, right. Ughh
Choose a dog trainer carefully, one who will help you learn to coach your dog using positive reinforcement. Avoid all forceful methods.
I would do anything to meet you<3
Hahaha Puez pa la next time then
Gen y exposed to more diversity than any other generation. Also is most diverse generation
A definitive purpose or "dominant aspiration" will always win out over a goal. Goals are over used and under done words.
"...an outdoor space with a whiff of Marxism in the air."
hey thanks for the follow :)
RT : RT : Protecting your core strength might kill you instead: the case of Dell, RIM & Yahoo! - Forbes...
Today is the last day to take advantage of the early registration fee for Doggie Dash! If you haven't registered yet, do it now!...
Thank you for the kind words!
that is, hands down,the most heartwarming msg anyone has ever posted on here
A who going n on a room wit me tommrrow
I think I'm going to get " white lightning" on the back of my squad car, It explains the way I drive....
Picadillo vs Picadillo Jam you make the call. Listen WKCR.org on now.
RT : Darkness can't drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate can't drive out hate: only love can do that. M Luther King Jr
Young America Speaks College Campus Tour Stop? Let us Know we would be more then happy to add you to the tour.
I just met coach Will today. He's more cheerful and cool outside of school on the weekends, than the school days
Metro North
just following her loses you a couple points in my imaginary cool points book.
I was... *sticks out tongue* lol
do you have a color picture of you?
Sometimes it's hard to read the writing on the wall, thank you Hines for seeing clearly
So went out in #Dallas last night. The Nightlife needs some serious resuscitation. Methinks some
lol!!! Yeah but i gotta keep watchingg!!
Have had great OA planning meetings & thanks for iced coffee & helping
First "real" interviews today
I told everyone she is dating austin
I will! And ya know, a Stanley Cup trip could be a possibility for us: PHX or LA... :)
I need to get my hands on more Jimmy Eat World. I only have that one cd
Thanks for following! and myself hope you have a wonderful wknd!
Who's hungover today?
USA's Nese Malifa having a hard time hanging on to the ball. Rain becoming a big factor here
Don't forget this Saturday 8/13 PRD vs Montreal Double Header!!!! Doors at 4pm
Congratulations TONI BRAXTON for becoming the Global Autism Ambassador
Love the new TV Commercial that just ran on
I prefer 75/25, but you can't have it all, I suppose :)
follow and gain more. Followers.!!!
Was in process of editing when I spotted it!
... LMAO at watched the fuck out of it. Yea, should have known. altho you didn't show it to me, so I figured I'd
Red Tails #redtails ..let's make it a number one trending topic
#OTGTIPS UNDERESTIMATE NO ONE, IF YOU DONT KNOW THEM, YOU DONT KNOW WHAT THEY ARE CAPABLE OF
Men are slower to recognize blessings than misfortunes.
yea we out dere
Waking up to cute messages from my boo >>> <3
If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner. - Tallulah Bankhead
Wasn't a fan of the musical, but it was good otherwise.Mad yesterday was a repeat!
When my future kids grows up, I can't wait to tell him, "You were on purpose."
aw thats not cool
Let's quit this game before you start losing
ya I haven't heard from him in a month
Ima be pissed if I get on tomorrow and your like lvl 40 sum #MW3!
I feel it .
“Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.”
Knock KnockWho's there !Caesar !Caesar who ?Caesar quickly before she gets away !
#top10Lies It's in the mail.
Lucky guy!! Congrats!
see i wouldn't change my life, my life's #justfine (:
i honestly listen to "What Makes You Beautiful" 1000000 times each day
You too. Namaste. To all our followers, have a wonderful weekend.
goodbye to the 2 people who unfollowed me
Girl i so agree with you and did you notice hw Rocky waited to say what he did after John Cena walked ?
I need a bonnet! Yes, I'm all puppy in!
country to me is lowercase, a pickup truck and some country music! (:
u will decide when u meet and then u can talk to me in person.
I'm scared of what you might think of me, so sometimes I feel like I'm the only one safe to tell it all to.
that was a 2nd degree burn right there.
I'm sure your stomach lining is wishing it's "food" wasn't human.
Emptiness and misery, someone smash my foot with a sledgehammer.
Mexican fans booing Honduran keeper while he's laying on the ground...
Avoiding #DesperateHoueswives right now... But I will cry
Uh Im guessing tube socks are back in now
Brown rice. Eggs ovr easy and avocado. Hearty breakfast
Flat bike tire less than a mile from home. Hoofin' it and will change where it's warm. A perfect end to #viadoom!
...what an amazing day...
Another chance to get burned and start all over Im gonna start all over
yeah yelawolf goes hard and bustas part
Totally agree. RT move "likes" app down from fb biz page it's useless. Save space for other apps only three avail!
I was really bummed w/ the short-sighted blindside by your team. I hope you get another opportunity in a future Survivor.
There are speeches today. But u only go if you signed up for this week. There's 2 weeks of speeches.
your ex might come ..
Raining in Las Vegas!!! Awesome, we need it. At least it will get rid of some static electricity #las Vegas
Back from Mexico, Brought me back some good ol' swine flu! Anyone wants? :D
When you gonna be up in Green Bay?
Follow back??
I feel, the feeling of a step child...😡
It takes guts to *LOVE* your life. What are you doing to fall in love with your every day?
Matt Flynn, career rushing touchdown numbah one.
It is Thursday! Gather your friends, co-workers, significant others, and come to Smashing Tomato for #Wine Night! Half off bottles of Wine!
Me too... and I'm just down the street.
Whats Thomas thinking running the ball to the end zone. The ball is dead after a muffed punt. KNOW THE RULES!
.. Can't wait until next Monday at 6! :D
Hope you all are making it a stellar week!
I hope you sign that tag soon. No headaches needed going into this season.
absolutely nothing! I wish more ppl would open their eyes
Another sweep for my Lakers off to the next round!!!!
US oil production highest in 8 years& last year, we relied less on foreign oil than in any of the past 16? without drill baby drill?
hm what too talk about nice picture gym
----->> As an #Aries you have strong SURVIVAL instincts and it will help you through some very stressful times in your life. :)
It's important you understand how the industry function. There's a lot going on behind scenes. Have a stabilized Plan A.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL!!! #rip to the god Dilla
Come spend the morning in Wicker Park with us! Family Fun Run 9am, September 17th
Apr 15,1932: Churchill was actively supporting the Indian Empire Society.
I don't feel bad for you when you're a straight up bitch to everyone that you come in contact with..
Agreed! MT : You've got to find balance of what youre going to spend time on. a challenge for sure.
good night den
Yard sales! Haha well actually playing with kynslee! 💜💜
Obama was always respectful as he campaigned?
Xtra comb bonus!
After last night's L (3-0 to Brewers) the #Dodgers have been involved in a #MLB-leading 26 shutouts, 12 which they've lost.
THE TWINS!!!
Me too! I have loved my apt. I only need a bit more space. Isn't it funny how the wish list changes.
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close >>>>>> ♥♥
Sorry for the mass posting! Our blog just spit out all of our posts as Twitter updates. *oops*
He makes me smile. :)
When in the course of human events it becomes necessary for a people to tell their government to go fuck itself....
If you work in #sportsbiz, donate today at www.sportstacklescancer.com - 100% to American Cancer Society. View donor list of sports execs!
have you found your next home yet?
add me on ovoo tunitphonzee everybody
I want to make mom breakfast, but I don't know if she's awake or not.
I see boxes what were they fore -_-
Maybe if I started sleeping I would quit being so mean
THE JENNIFER love HEWITT is SEXY....
That was a terrible national anthem
I respect that so much. I'm a Louisville fan & I won't be too popular around here in Jax the next few days. Gators run this town.
That would be great! Thanks!
Not sure why, but I'm suddenly missing several months worth of emails from my gmail account. :( I really needed some those, too.
Well, you'll always be younger than Perry!
#ala11 Listening to excellent presentation by Download This! How One Library Embraced Its Downloadable Future
Sick seats fourth row behind the goal for the stats game with
no fave im not calling him that shit. his name is ron fuckin artest. lol
Isnt it funny how an aquarium a "Animal friendly" place always sells SEAFOOD?!
I try
She said she never fell in love with a superman, christian, muslim, protestant, lutheran.
WHAT A COCKTEASE OF A FINALE
Thanks for the RT. BTW, our research shows Productivity n Innovation as top strategies to achieve revenue growth.
RT : "We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing" - George Bernard Shaw
Good luck to all of our vendors and klients who will be attending the #NRAShow in Chicago this weekend.
RT your mom
im listening to for you by keith urban
When did you get like this, the least you coulda did was gone and give me a warning...
*snap*“ And I understand this is light skinned. But 'French' ? Allow me to hate”
out to eat with my mom, brooke, and
#thingsthatpissmeoff when people talk to me when my favorite songs on...ughh!
Stepping out on faith works wonders
Last night I read 5 chapters of 's book. A must read on your spiritual journey!
I'm always way too early. Like, more than 15min early.
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 17
Woke up from a nap...feeling like a champ!
What is the title of the move you'll be directing?
off to make ice cream for a bunch of crazy people who enjoy ruining other people's days with their cranky dispositions.
got me so messed up it dont get no betta than me
RIP Donna Summer
That reminds me, I need to get my arm in shape, and get some bp in.
AT&T customers can also text 'Vote' to 3405
(-c-) #colab with other #artists :) so excited for his comeback tho and he's got a bunch of auditions :)
That looks like a prom picture.
Heluw okay.Nice sleep (:
I have reached! 152 likes! :)
I found him
Miss a performance at Stella Boyle? Have no fear: concert recordings are cataloged within 48 hours and are available at our desk.
RT : GUYS U MUST FOLLOW KUZ SHEZ NOTHING ONLY THE HOTTEST BUT ALSO THE KOOLEST YOUNG LADY TO KNOW!!
Little darling, stir it up!
on their head.
What's the most important attribute for a soccer player?
On the Waterfront!
you know it :D
I'm wearing green b*tch don't touch me
Success in almost any field depends more on energy and drive than it does on intelligence
I'm at school gunna take a huge test! Wish me luck? xo
Why did my body decide to wake up right now?
So I just bought your new single. I'm loving it! Keep the music coming
Session timed out while skimming #macappstore ToS. Can it be more obvious we're not actually meant to read what we're agreeing to?
Congratulations Lindsay. I like how your still photography style is so smoothly integrated into motion.
Started new job today at San Antonio Area Foundation.
Arizona has a great class. To bad Jimmy Kimmel can't coach
Back to reality..
Surprised that at Apple Genius Bar they even blame software issues (not being able to enter phone settings) on your phone company.
Women r just as bad as men, caught a chick starin at my jeans yesterday. I felt like a piece of meat, but I liked it. I WAS CTFU!!!!!!!!!
congrats on graduating!!!
Checking out In the Next Room tomorrow night - can't wait!!
Right on! I have been thinking about you, and happy to hear this news. Keep on keepin' on!
Love is so confusing - you tell a girl she looks great and what's the first thing you do? Turn out the lights!
Hey ;D
who won that game?
Now I know why I never eat at burger king. Not sure what I was thinking eating that toxic waste. In n out I will never pass u up again.
WOO! That's exciting. :3
random question! When is urs and madisons prom going to be??
Who pays for email addresses? RT : need a professional email address? for as little as $79/year!
More than most journals do in a year... RT So, PLoS ONE, did you really mean to publish 172 papers in one day?
S/O to Good luck in the mayoral race..
Hmm, next week is kinda packed already. Wanna shoot for the week after?
#Ryanbraun see you on opening day!
what's that on the ground by her head? Chicken skin?
Having a blast at #andnowfestival. Happy to see old friends & make new ones. #johngranger :)
is this an Internet porn reference!? I hope it is.
ack. meant to say famous gear...hope yr well!
Sounds like a class I might not skip ;-) RT Watching Ferris Bueller's Day Off in ceramics!
Your story is one in a million. there is a pledge. Check it out & let me know if you have any reason not to sign, or sign.
say what?? It ain't even storming and the power goes out..how odd. Lol.
For real !
If there's anything left after they destroy it! RT watching #JerseyShore So jealous, I want to go to Italy!
Love the music humor :-) RT #LessAmbitiousMovies Mr. Holland's Etudes
LLS I try to keep it simple keep it funky as I walk on the moon❕❕❕
welcome to the "Twitterverse!" It will be a better place with you here.
If you get a chance to speak with Hip, ask him to call me.
Woobies is the best... dont get mad hater :p
Awesome, appreciate the support! (:
greetings, how are you doing tonight!!
Perhaps the best episode of #MadMen this season? I think so. So slyly self-aware
"Trust me, I understand... The underwater levels are always the hardest." Nicely put Flash
Ugghh I wanna go back to sleep-_- driving into the city today 😱 just gonna go to sleep in the truck
RHP Brian Sanches had his contract selected from Lehigh Valley. He fills the roster spot of RHP David Herndon. Todd Zolecki ()
Why yes, today IS going to amazing. : )
thanks Austin.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.21
Can't wait for #BGC9 !! Hopefully it's not a "jump a hoe" season!
We look forward to being part of the future. We invite you to take this journey with us. Every great company starts with an idea.
GHAPFM wants to help you with your Dreams!! Scholarship available now in Two Countries! Submission deadlines March 11 for Canada and...
it was nice seeing you last night! Hope you all had a good time
aww I hope you feel better soon :) Directioners need you and your trends!
Up WAY past my bed time. What's the point anyways, you don't listen to my local tweets! Bad national tweet peeps!! Bad! Bad! Yes you!!
great minds think alike.
We going make i movie !! Get your acting on#
it was JR I'm not sure what agency he is with...but is good people! Did you want an intro?
My teacher seriously offended me.. Making fun of pacifists...
This nail lady is pushing it. First a lazy massage then she coughs on my toes?!? Prepare for a face full of foot woman!
Every man can learn something from Ron Swanson
“: #Obama2012!” hopefully have my citizenship by then so I can add my vote :)
Texting 5 people & telling 4 of them you're going to bed, just so you can spend the rest of the night texting the one person that you like.
RT : Mike Korton of the FBI says agents "respect" Mark Felt, theWatergate "deep throat" leaker at
Drink up cuz
Haha! That is indeed good advice!!
“: Dear Football Santa: All I want for Christmas in April is RGIII in Cleveland. Thanks in advance.” amen
we met a performer in our birthing classes a couple of years ago. They had the kid in SD while the show was here.
Start your night on our patio and move in once the #Caps start at 7:30. We'll have sound upstairs and downstairs.
What do you call a 100 year old ant ?An antique !
I think I started drooling while listening to Elvis sing. Good thing I wasn't around when he was alive, he'd be a goner!
Kb just texted me>>>Oh oh oh oh oh "oh oh" Somebody in trouble (Boosie voice) so im thinkin what I do now?! Besides be pregnant!
oh yes. perception is reality
#filming today
Who r u to judge my life? I know im not perfect & I dnt intnd to b..but b4 u point fingers, make sure ur hands r clean. -B.M.
Looking for something to do on #MLK Jr. Day? Why not stop by and take a tour?
Been in my own shit since I was 18...had my first loft at 23
eww...cannot do sour cream at all, ha!
thanks! You guys are pretty #fancy!
Yeah i still hate the dude
very true! i'll have to do that but it'll be in criminal justice field in area of abused kids/drug/alcohol treatment.
Moe just took a nigga to da chicken joint I snacthed up a 6 piece
sorry to read you had catering issues! Let us know if we can ever help in the future!
Damn Kendall! I always miss when you tweet:'( this breaks my heart more!!
I have a big heart, not a sign that says "wipe feet here" .. don't mistake the two
Dick Durbin (Ill) on debt ceiling vote "Conscience makes cowards of us all."
the correct answer is obviously "Tool Time"
LMFAO thats crazy and what about me have you asked for?
Follow new follower,
thanks for the note. do you do online coaching? i am in need of some direction right now.
you watch it? im not saying it was you. lol
then give it up haha
"Fine by Me" - Andy Grammer
Not Your usual rapper
So mammoth is cold..
"We need a more compelling convo than just number and facts. Start talking to the right side of the brain" - Mitch Anthony
working on my Rare Book School talk for Monday: "Are Digital Editions for Real? and Are Printed Books History?"
It's the dawning of a new era.
Wednesday. Enhancing my brand through social media.
don't hate son...
school; 1 day down.. 179 more to go. i can do this.
I hate being lied to..why can't you just tell me straight up. :\
Just picked up the MLK Day of Service 2012 t-shirts! They look great!
Miley Cyrus in punkd
Happy Halloween! ~ Makes me wish i grew up a little bit slower
haha no none none at all
YOU CANT RESPOND WITH A BLANK TWITTER TWEET!
I haven't been here 1/2 hr and already I wish I were dead.
The final edits and background vocals on my band's new song have been delayed another week. I was hoping it would be finished by now.
congrats bro see you when you get back in town
Sometimes my ignorance puts 2 cents in. Bitch if u wasnt on Twitter telling the world u havnt had dick maybe I wouldnt have wanted to fuck!
Whenever I play 2k my player mode. It make want to go ball and do everything my "my player" character does...
thank you :) your really nice!
SoDak represent! “: South Dakota State () get No. 14 seed, will play No. 3 Baylor in 1st round of NCAA tournament."
I love you like a love song baby♥
no. no no no no no.
COUGH COUGH ! ASTHMA IS STILL FLARING UP CHEST HURTS MORE BREATHING TREATMENTS...sigh
Jesus was fuckin these hoes too RT : is really cucttin' up w/these church tweets. God gone get you !
getting ready to work on Christmas designs.
SO LOVE THE NEW "BITTY BOXERS" FROM CHOOSEY CHICKS BY BOXERCRAFT. Unbelievably cute for spring. BE CHOOSEY!
Thanks for helping get the word out about The Global Theatre Project and their call for Rap artists!
Congrats! It's so exciting that #Sundance is expanding. London, India, wonderful.
Is that a short joke, sir? Because if it is, I am for you, sir.
What's going on tonight Abq? I'm bored at work so you should come get pierced or something
I seem to curse way more during school than during summer. It's a problem lol
have fun!! Let us know how it is! :)
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show??????????? ;)
Now bxtch you know she TAKEN ; why you keep trying
Last race of Day 1 of the Texas Rowing Championships has crossed the finish line. Masters and more junior racing tomorrow!
I'm jealous.
had tons of fun last night with and
Thanks. We hope so too! ": Congrats to on the win at ! Hopefully many more this year."
this is hot! Thx
Crystal Sea? Thanks Andre :)
if we haven't said thank you for all the #ff love and retweets, THANK YOU!
How is everyonne :l
Marcelo M. Suárez-Orozco appointed Dean of the UCLA Graduate School of Education and Information Studies, effective September 1, 2012.
Come to Loca Luna and visit me and :)
My two favorite things about sundays: reading sunday secrets and watching C
Eco-Friendly Camping Tips for Summer
Thanks, but where you celebrating Mothers's Day?? Amsterdam? Lol!
: You faggot, you wish you could be here with all of us!
Sunshine! Sunday! Winning!!!
I like my pinterest better for entertainment at slow times, LOL... It's just not very local or "social" LOL
AMEN. *high five*
I have a streak of word nerd in me. So I twiddle betwixt the tweets, and hope I get away with it. ;)
thanks what did doc say today?
Hey, buisnesses I sent applications too: hire me
ICONic Boyz (: && Yeahh ! I Sent Them Fan Mail && They Sent Me Back <3
where did you get that privileged information?
bear grylls killed an alligator, what a man
hahaha...have u guys seen the stapler?
bike comes thursday!
nothing much jux been Solo lately wbu stranger #2 ?
why are you always dividing by zero, #graphite, when my pie chart has not enough data in range? sigh :(
Become a Groupatic and follow ! #Groupatic to get ur tweets blasted out on our new site! #Teamfollowback.. God night!
I just got a gay vibe from Matt..
Its halfprice wednesday at Salon Prodigys you can checkout our price list at salonprodigys.com
no wonder you looked darker today.. It's a literal sunburn!
Thx! RT : Check out to look for renting in #ROC area. Has maps of areas and all that check out the site!
thanks for the #followfriday...note to all-if you like chocolate, follow
Sammy please stop giving D x-pills
Mexican pizza. Best of both worlds!
I'm just gonna try my best not to annoy about whats going on at the venue right now. lol
Sexy crazed freak,but only 4 my man...
is on now go watch ;)
His shit look like a lace front tho
surprisingly, I am not pulling it out. And that makes most people nervous, lol. Some hair has fallen out, but that's genes.
Much appreciated homie!
Pizza, margaritas, and "Blade Runner" with and
Me: Hola, como estas? Spanish guy: Talks really fast. Me: Shhh calm down, Dora didn't teach me that yet.
lol ok I'm done now. I'm not gonna doubt pastor Wiley lol
a functionality stand point but not to a huge degree.
My neighbors would kindly like you to box out so I quit yelling at you to box out.
Word up
- Thank you. But I need all the help I can get.
Just kall me e doobie kause i smoke to the doobie lol i do it
hope everybody is enjoying the freakin' freedom that is fall....
Of course you can hit a girl in the face. They have faces don't they.
Tippy and I are down for the count too!
O it was soo good!!!
Splash #splash splash keep it up..
congratulations and good luck in the upcoming season
is Big Omaha turning into the Big Shakedown?
RT : Our #SoupsoftheDay are Cuban Pork Chili (gluten-free) and Cumin Corn Chowder. Enjoy your day!
Exploring new #toy #art for the #gallery any suggestions?
The truth is, I had alot of good intentions. But I wasted them on people who didnt deserve them.
I don't know... depression has a way of making everything feel hopeless and blanketing everything... you know?
I agree, the interesting piece will be at whose expense. I'm guessing RIM and Android.
In the future, perhaps I should swear more.
I want some coney
THAT'S WHO I BE.
Music fill me, touch me, let's do it
Oh for real? I'd kill myself too.
I have an obsession with accents
thanks, good seeing you again!
Happy Halloween:)
Well tomorrow night is a back to the 80's retro party at the club can't wait hit me up to get on the guest list
What Mikael said! MT Thank YOU! & I had a fantastic time. This festival is by far my favorite.
actually crying... This was my life
I'll take CARE of you! <3
Mine to. even though it's a dress, it's very warm inside of it(:
Yep, it's time for a change. ALL SYSTEMS GO!!!!
Yup! There's nothing better than the big apple! It's the city of hopes & dreams! Just got to love it! XD
If we put these checks together we could buy a bag of #Skittles!
what hashtag would you have suggested for #BurberryWestphal ?
"Tonight" is a song about a drunk man who's friends are taking him home. #ironically it is also the theme song for Nisan car commercials.
keep up hard work and being inspirational
Saying the right things at the right time: Priceless.
thanks to everyone who voted for the video to air on channel 13- they won!!
Just heard/am unsure about go go cover of 'til the world ends'
Listen to Cherish the day - sade this mornin to mellow u out and get u thru this friday
Nice blog post, Swin. Storm fans will miss seeing you in a Seattle uniform next season.
Did you miss the #2012cw150 Signature Conference at VMI? No worries - the conference will be aired on C-SPAN. Stay tuned for the times!
i took a month off twitter did anyone miss me?
So they took away the 3? Great.
“I never trust a man unless I've got his duck in my pocket.” --Lyndon Johnson
damn bro. Well at least your out of town being productive
My mother is mean.
LOL We're just trying to make new friends in the community. :-)
Hello to my new tweeps ! Thanks for the follow!
#BGC8 I wish I culdve.watch it damn tv package we got .
Spinning a 5 and a half foot pole...So much lighter than a 6' >.<
Romo vivid reminds me of B Favre in early 90's choking against Cowboys in playoffs. Always threw critical int's.
Trade shows ...what do U need? Just done - huge embroidered blanket test for Ad agency.going to roll out - ck R testimonials - linkedin & w…
Like Roy Tarpley or Ralph Sampson . . . or more recently Brandon Roy
Just arrived at the Bridal Bizarre...should be fun!!
Showing condos and found a hacksaw in the bathroom sink. Problem?? Lol
Which I was really bummed about, because I had more people of various sizes wanting to donate.
Thank you so much Naja! Obrigado!
Death is a challenge. It tells us not to waste time . . . It tells us to tell each other right now that we love each other.s
Please visit www.cisaustin.org for ways to get involved with CIS
My Little Cousin Loves You.!:)
u just made up tweet or what lol
getting ready for SIGraDi 2009 in Sao Paulo on the role of architecture in virtual worlds - a lecture in Rio and Campinas too
im really happy :)
Um, are you drunk driving?
Need our help?
almost 300 tweets!
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
I know I don't want nobody else but you...
Oh Sister, You are indeed chosen! Soak it up. Lay down in his lap and receive it. He's crazy wild about you!!!! Big hugs.
Such a long day:/
RT : Take a look at this spot my Mister and I did. Hope you like...and sorry if I hurt your feelings. Just too confident...
The best tranquilizer is a clear conscience.
Car alarms going off. Get it together
Wish this weather would make up it's mind
Ready to to travel and see the world. #Adventurous !!!
Just got tickets for an April show. Best natural high ever.
yeah, no prblem
RETWEET if you want a video greeting from KathNiel [First 50 to RT this will get a followback, must be following
Lucky YOU!!!! Have a Great weekend!
I am a terrible Foursquare user. I never remember to check in until I am on my way out.
Keep up the good work!
Signed into for the first time since 2009. Amazing what you forget over the course of 2 years. Who the fuck were these clients?
Woman aggressively screamed: SHALOM at me - whats wrong with DC
Can't sleep.. Can't stop smiling cos of
RT Once you figure out who you are and what you love about yourself, I think it all kind of falls into place. Jennifer Aniston
that's awesome! Lol
Took the boy out to dinner, I wanted to unpack but can't find the energy. Will I ever start to unpack?
I will check on soy milk for you non dairy drinkers :)
": Swag is for boys, class is for men."
Bummed that the Pats lost- but a GREAT Super Bowl. Final seconds, close game & a hail Mary pass. (Madonna was pretty good too)
I can vouch that they have not been soiled by Erik Bedard.
thx! RT : Your best monthly specials yet. The burger, totchos and shake are all AMAZING!
Barry from Storage Wars must a Multi-Millionaire! He always pays way to much!
