A friend of mine seems to have gotten a panel accepted as a thematic session of a US-national level disciplinary meeting. So exciting!!!
Are their any GIDDIMS' with Pups available with UKC Registration Papers? Let Me know ASAP !!
EVERYBODY ATTEND GLASS MENAGERIE TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ya upper right. Can't see me cause I used to be small.
Mom's singing Barney and telling stories about a drunk moose stuck in a tree
Thanks Maria! To you too!
Ever notice how fast Windows runs? Neither did I.
Feels more like summer season than fall! Will be perfect for the Brewsky's patio though!
Let's go Giants
been in this boardroom for about four hours and we're not leaving until we get some serious examples, people! (ps i secretly love this)
I would never sign with Golden Records. They are shit.
+1 Report and block. RT: : I used to be more tolerant of DM spam. Not anymore.
THANOS CAME OUT AFTER THE CREDITS<3333 i am such a comic book nerd
I saw the truck on campus. The oven is fired up and they're prepping some pies for my #MKTG118 class tonight.
Hahaha!(: now that I'm a MAHOMIE everywhere I go in San Antonio I creep to see if Austin and alex are where I am!(: l
Taste the highlights of lunch menu @ Thursday's taste and tweet. New menu, great lakeside location, and impressive wine list
night yenny *cuddles next t u*
Twit? No twat? No..Imma go with twit(: ..
I know this great guy, Harvard dropout though. His name is , awesome dude, totally honest and trustworthy
Thanks for following back ! :)
Mubarak speech appears to have ignited renewed protests...Gasoline may have been thrown on a fire
Optimist Club of Vienna elected new officers for 2012-13. Congratulations to Vienna Town Council Member Laurie Cole, our new president!
Oh cool gig! You could probably get back stage with that lol. Investment banking its fun but takes up much time! x
Life is short; eternity isn't. So decide where you want to spend it!
You should try being more active.
just stick to a 5 man rotation without AJ!!
We have some contacts over there, I'll DM more information.
It is now official. We are homeowners again!!
Quit telling me the things I want to hear.
About to watch Teen Choice Awards! :P eating a granola bar! Peace out peeps!!!! :) Oobi will always love u!
i could follow u to the beginning & just relive the start & maybe then we'll remember to slow down to all r favorite parts
Thanks for hosting!
You can all have your opinions & I can have mine, but when it comes down to it, RG3 would look more professional without the sloppy dreads.
You're quite welcome. Thank you for your kind words and for your great Twitter page! Keep up the good work!
where are the poster sessions at?
My first name is Celtic and my last name is Greek. Corey=willow, Alexander=protector of mankind.
why I buy silver. 2 hedge against up coming inflation.
OMG I love Big Time Rush!!! I love the singing, dancing the acting and of course the Big Time Hotties James, Kendall, Carlos, and Logan!! <3
N im nt even drunk lol
haha typo on your name, Nate van ginke
I love breathe Carolina...and you...why the hell don't I live near there? Haha
no, I wish.
Anything I can pry loose is not nailed down
RT Conspicuous in Harvard Library's new batch of staff head appointments is lack of anything for
it keeps you awake?
Amateur Contest Registration begins NOW!!! $500 in cash prizes up for grabs!
Personally, I prefer the eco-hobbit hole but I have that kind of Tolkein nostalgia...
So proud of our Bees on their first bout! Boston 161 Bees 147. What a fight!
This venue is rather small. Gonna kill it anyway since we're here.
": I need Lemon Pepper Wings, Animal Fries, a Luther Burger & a Monster" Let's hit the Wing Stop My Boy lol
that weak ass name
#WhenItWasCoolTo say U.G.L.Y you ain't got no alibi..you ugly LOL
#occupypierstonight unfortunately some of the occupy events have been co-opted by anarchists (like ours in Denver) who dont share the ideals
I bet other than nuns pretty much 99% of catholic women won't follow the rule. Catholic church is forcing religion thru gov by its actions
It's a good thing I was born a girl, otherwise I'd be a drag queen. - Dolly Parton
It stands for the band Black Veil Brides
God bless the men and women who risk their lives to protect us. Ty too all them my husband who came back safe in december of 2011. God Bless
Life is truly a bitter bitch
RT : Nick Perry was asked what comes to mind when he hears "Green Bay." He responded, "Super Bowls."
#LiamGoOnAFollowSpree please Liam!!
Tee hee! Eric Borremans got the photos to upload! Thank you honey!
I felt really cramped on the train. Turns out my jeans are just really tight.
I want to live in Antiques On Second.
So, I guess we all gotta stop and acknowledge whatever the hell this achievement is?
ah how exciting! i still have a couple weeks. i wish i was back now though
NBA ALL STAR FASHION SHOW! LOOKING FOR DESIGNERS AND HAIRSTYLIST! SAT. FEB 25TH!!!! PLS CALL: 407-953-6056 FOR ALL INFO!!!
rather your number then mouth hugs lol
#earthday _ Isn't "Time" part of the environment we live in? Time also suffers pollution. Time pollution harms our intellectual environment.
#solidarity In action: MoveOn.org members have sent 260,000+ statements of support to
You said it... “ Trash. Garbage. Terrible.”
Gotta love having to move the van at 7am.....
Good few days in Charlotte catching up with #1 and #24, a few days home, now off to NYC... in the rain.
Yeah! After the Hillary Network gets famous, we'll have to start a Charles Network & a Dave Network & so on!
u should change your name to airtweeter
I just had McDonald & yeah b*tch i'm lovin it.
feeling like a twit for not tweeting.
:( is there alot of pics and stuffs on it? thats slows it down...
Absolutely! Should be opening May 12th, weather permitting! See you soon.
Saying, "Haha" after a text so it wont sound to serious.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Your beats are too fresh!
Thanks for the RT...=)
Now following
Aye, I know y'all missed me lol,been a long week, shout out to all my new followers
man I would love to see you in UK blue. Go Cats!!
i agree w/ Phil, the 18th at ATL A.C is a stupid finishing hole for a Major. 205 from fairway bunker, carry over water?
Thanks so much man hope to see u soon dude!!!
I was fuckin with that jager yesterday tough af
prayers go out to Chardon High School GOD BLESS ~lil ke
OMAHA MALL, OMAHA MALL, YOU KNOW THAT WE BALL AT THE OMAHA MALL!:D
We can make it us... RT : So who is the official home of San Diego State football? :P
i told to get on
i know we'll develop a new and justas awesome Sat routine!
sounds good! :)
Laying on a blanket with a stanky stench all around me, a slight beer buzz & a small urge to punch the group of girls next to me
Three regional commercials and an internet ad running. Now need that elusive national ...
woot! woot! RT : Cheers! let's do it again soon!
READY TO GET TORE UP? Check out our Rippin' Sale! 40% OFF SUPPLEMENTS!
All hype this season!
ice cubes in the water dish and it's fun to watch them try and grab the cubes! lol
Stop tweeting about IndyCar and start getting ready for bball. said you're going. Outlaws 4v5 nightmares.
amen to that!! Your the best man!
The founders of Portland's Produce Row were mostly Italian settlers selling their produce.
Have no fear , I have ordered us a #sederinabox thanks to the lovely
hm “: She gon need reconstructive surgery on her jaws if she try & deepthroat me =\”
jennifer lawrence is making me nervous
how was the 1/2 marathon yesterday?
i'm trying to get muscles so babes will dig me! -eugene
first time I heard of 5 guys it conjured up thoughts of something other than burgers
'bout to hop on my Vespa and cruise downtown! I love Chicago!
What is everyone doing right now? Enjoy you're #humpday with a $1 #bartab drink! Great time to relax after a long day of work!
TONITE AT BABES CABARET...R&B HIP HOP ALL NIGHT ! COME JOIN !! IT WILL BE OFF DA CHAIN
My friend Ramiro told me that Feliz Dia de Mama is celebrated on May 10th each year in Mexico.
Looking for Snow Removal services in Greeley/Loveland call Martina at 303-210-7752.Great reliable service & Great prices!
But seriously, , seriously?
make that money dont let it make you.
I really want to but I don't think I will be able to take off work.
Let's Go #Heat first game on the road this series let's get this dub!! #TeamHeat I'm @ work hot imma miss the game smh
Have a great day
on your show i am requesting that the should be featured on there and thay are very inpirational~ follo
Only you could set me free <3
why on earth do they call it a wooly bear?!? Haha kiddin :)
How about one of the a.m. shows interview that fab lady that yelled "Mitt Romney you're a racist!" Would love to hear from her :-)
A committed Heart doesn't wait for conditions 2B exactly right; they never are. Indecision limits the miracles in ur life - A. Andrews
There's always going to be that guy that never really leaves your mind. & <3 <21
Thanks, friend! And welcome to the strange world of 140-character communications. :)
Looks like a not so great facelift!
forgetting Sarah Marshall!
Never have I lived through a fall so lovely.
Hi, Ari, please give me shoutout
It's not recommended b/c you can build immunity to the #HCG RT can I do the hcg injections for greater than 43 days?
I PERFORM LIVE AT THE GYPSY FEST MAY 19TH AT 5PM.
Get some class bout yoself!!
After hearing Britney Griner's voice, she might be a man
"Ninjas in Paris" -
#whereimfrom "y'all" and giving hugs are like breathing - part of life.
hahaha i have no idea! i haven't talked to any canadians in forever actually...that's kind of sad...
your welcome ;)
Does a real estate company get a realtor if their office is for sale?
“: #bicycling fans where is your #legendaryride? Reply and include and #legendaryride”
I do
Get it, sahn!
CHEATING is NOT an accident .. Falling off a bike is an accident ! You don't trip & fall into pussy.
signed up for a kickboxing class yay! :)
Stay tuned, I was just sketching up this idea a few days ago. RT : I really want ORD on a t-shirt.
Does Romney actually believe in anything other than wanting to be president? Walks back comments on gay adoption from way back on Thursday.
Adding, I think that the 95% of "planning to vote" figure in said poll speaks for itself
CaptSwagAlot be the GAMERTAG..FWM and get smashed on any game!
parade starting!! :D
First time making Deviled Eggs, This is so exciting!!! (in my guy from pineapple express voice.)
Demarco Murrey is a first round pick. imho All reports are good so far....
it will b ready for you :)
RT: Always got a taste for a milkshake..... ALWAYS!
Plus even if I could get a job as a scientist, scientists in the US make less money then high school drop outs!
LOL we are deff winning. i will not accept defeat. and its a good thing you're with the nyc-ers because you've been a huge help
Haha, I see.
you have no swaag! :)
that sound like a long time from now
Carl Luna and Tom Shepard on restoring civility to politics and civic discourse
It's Beer (cold Guinness) o' Clock!
i'm honestly helping you if you think about it... People see what you do at school and obviously it got back to Cruz.
Awesome! Love copyright celebrities. ^_^
I'll be singing with the Jazz Crush Combo on Saturday, April 14th in downtown Yakima, WA at Kana Winery from 6-9 PM. No cover!
we look forward to seeing you in June, thanks for the excellent recommendation !
#GroomGift Seattle Wedding Show Give YOUR Groom what he loves most YOU as an OldSchoolPinUp! Save BIG at the Show on PINUPCalendars&Books!
Many non-traditional partners that can be beneficial in National #Movement for America's Children
Nah, I work 60 hours a week, plus I canceled Stubs awhile ago.
Hope to see everyone from & at the Arab American National Museum tomorrow night night Detroit #11!
CAN YOU TRADE ME AN ARCEUS?! I DON'T HAVE DIAMOND, PEARL, OR PLATINUM >:o
miss you too... i'll check now & then to see if any improvements... right now music selection is pretty bleak
- Thats a cool surprise. Send my love and enjoy fam.
light a couple candles.... Set the mod.
“: "All three of their wives, and all three of mine would be great first ladies" -Not Newt Gingrich #CNNdebate”
#2011icf Great toolkit coming out of NASA session - thanks!
what sort of things are you looking for? I do a lot of MODx, have worked with modules, design, etc. Let me know!
...post the videos to the class website, I imagine. Awesome awesome.
How many times you going to ask Fantasy Daddy and Matthew Berry for advice?
so Raha, does the Quran allow u to eat bacon or is that a sin?
what is the name of that museum you were talking about the other day? I talked my family into going.
RT: Google Analytics is a great software for measuring traffic to your website.Check it out if you havent already!
Thanks for the share!
This week is going by so slow.
Note to self: make collages again.
Omg more crying Bynum the man and lady lived!!!!!!!! So happy!!!!!???
I need to go to an art store and walmart today
I'm sorry, but my sensors indicate that you are indeed a weenie.
that's cool. there were so many ppl. :-)
i like ALL those cities very much! curious: what non-english speaking cities are biggest?
I want to go line dancing soo bad!!
please follow me thanks :D
how long you in LA for?
The next person that abruptly stops in front of me will get a nice kick to the back of the knee
Cal will NEVER do home-home w/ #SMC. Monty on record for that. Cal has no reason to. RT : home-home makes sense
Sorry... Cannot see a thing behind mine!!
It must be terrible to be an ugly/out of shape female in San Diego. Step up your life
Your going to gt mad at me because I can't make it.
We've got sunrise
Hang in there!
go to bed
Paging Reverend Lovejoy
There's like three other people in this world named Emily Notaro. That's so weird.
we need more just like him
My niece is putting me up on 'Good Luck Charlie'...its a pretty funny show
Can't wait to see what God has in store for Grace Family Church in Crawfordsville, IN! Pray for me ALWC!
: The Bob Baker "It's So Nice to Be Nice" Photo Raman!
It was an honor to be part of Seau's Legends Party in March. He was a great man.
One of the answers on Jeopardy tonight was Ron Swanson!
i know there some issues for librarians with Overdrive & Kindle lending, but can I say as a patron I love it!
Fans Can Make You Famous, A Contract Can Make You Rich, The Press Can Make You A Superstar, But Only Luv Can Make You A Player -Madonna
I'm limited edition 1 of 1 Please be careful when your handling me, Thank you
girl only SHE knows lmmfao #wack ass
In California, not missing new york
Our artist lineup is growing be sure to check in on the new artists that are working with Poised Creation.
Who the fuck is knocking
when are we getting our tattoos? im getting amped about it!
My new itouch cases make my itouch feel so slim
Not heading there until #Laborday weekend but I'll save your number, thanks!
do you know which panelist was speaking about this. i want to read more on this Re new possibilities for consciousness raising
i hate when i'm the only person trying to keep a conversation alive.
Really enjoyed filming Michael Smith today.
are you and Brit running the NYC marathon. ha.
This storm is OD crazy right now
definition of the flipped classroom
thanks for the shout-out RT, man.
I hope you're still taking notes
"Montour, you would eat him alive."
Dan knows the way to my heart: a fridge full of exciting yogurts and charcuterie.
While Weeks is out, at least.
impressive growth of : 61 diplomatic missions, 29 domestic offices, & 11 commissions participating = 121 projects
Listening to <3
Hannahan with a 2run bomb to right field brings in Jerad Head giving the Tribe a 6-1 lead over the A's
Is the ice rink open today?
Nothing more frustrating as a pitcher then painting the corner and not getting the call
I shot a video earlier with Donald Stone #401k Advisor Leadership Award winner here at the event. Will tweet link when online
I need a house with a pool
not my org, but one I'm paying attention to! Do you know of them? They did the Beard & Stache Fest
thank u :)
And lo was I cut down in my prime by an army of Brooklyn Heights strollerpushers, their berth wide and knowing no mercy
“: I vote it to be beer 0'clock in #chicago right now...” I second that! #beer:thirty
Yay it's basically the weekend :)
Living in fear that fibroids will start growing again and I will have another episode.
We're just like dominoes. I fall for you, and you fall for someone else.
>>that's all???lol
Time for sleep! Preparing for Boot Camp has kept me up too late tonight! See you bright & early at 6am for Friday Morning Boot Camp!
Most theater artists trying to engage on twitter are members of a small group, with no paid manager.
yeah :( but its a cute little place to live and i like it cuz my friends live in the neighborhood too :)
This is how stories of curses become a thing. The Sox have been absolutely killed by weird stuff like this since September 1. Over and over.
No!!! Get a Nook! Barnes and Noble loves libraries, Amazon kills kindergartners with bags full of kittens
Thank you Mark! To you as well. Looking forward to seeing both of these films on the west coast soon!
sure thing. Look forward to connecting.
Thanks good brother! I appreciate your support! 06!
This greasy spoon restaurant was so bad on the menu there were even flies in the pictures.
Don't be a hater
I haven't been doing my homework lately...
Watching on You Now while he is talking to and Robert(: Follow me please? Love you guys!
It's a CMA writers show @ my job tonight.. It's sad.. I don't know a single country song.. Like nothing even sounds familiar lol
perfect. Hope the rain stays away
HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA!!! We consolidate ours into a lump sum. #wa96a ;3
Congradulations to Alaine Allen for receiving NSBE Golden Torch Award for Minority Engineering Program Director of the Year!!
"I Want Some GoodMorning Mentions, Can I Get Some Good Morning Mentions. TL ?
RT Sorry to hear Donna Summer has died
thanks so much for sharing the event, we hope to see you guys at the event! When will you be doing your next event?
John Cena is going to pop soon...why don't ppl like him anymore!?
Another angel earned his wings today. Grandpa you will always be missed but I know we will be watched over everyday. I love you.
YOUR BLOWING ME UP! IS THIS YOUR WAY OF PAYBACK!?
Art building bathrooms are always the most interesting
now I see you,with him & it was nothing like I thought it would be And now I see you,with him And it was nothing like I thought it would be.
Big loss for today as takes his considerable talents to Wish I were around to see you off, Ted
Yep, you're still in meh territory with ep 7. By the end of s1 you will know if show is for u or not, tho it gets real good in s2.
you'd get fumigated if you were Jewish.
what it do???
Gettin ready to record a new song tomorrow, recording it live, will be updating pics thru the day. Stay tuned!
i #VotedForRyan i love you ryan!!
Thank god for the history channel. Although, now it's more about aliens and monsters rather than history
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous
Idaho Natural Resources Corp. Announces Change in Management
You're so beautiful..
I hate you.
RT : RT The first of the month only means one thing.... I will be spending my Friday night downtown
Hate to tweet about the cometish but..... sorry Facebook, you do NOT know me better than I know myself.
I <3 the ladder! It has transformed my workaday life. I like writing again!
ended up going to Mi Tierra's after all but yea I've haven't been to the mix since last time we met up!!
With my best friend watching cliche love movies
I'm ALWAYS on a chocolate rush :) <3
Just finished wrapping up valentines day gift! Can't wait til he opens it :) <3
Great Seats Available for Gladiators Cage Fighting TONITE-WI STATE FAIR MAIN STAGE 7 PM. $25 Res/$10 GA. Call (414) 266-7100 or at gate.
its not trendy here? wow, i've been looking like an idiot for a while now.
Why do girls go back out with guys who were jerk offs to them?
My son's favorite gift from Santa was his football cards! Loudest scream of the morning! Merry Christmas!
flattened squirrels are road rugs.
Getting back at somebody << Giving up on somebody.
Ready for a day off. Resting for a couple hours then lots of things to do around the house.
Lift your head high with smiles and laughter. Positive power. Happy Saturday.
"Just Cooling'" by LeVert ft. Heavy D ": What song do you want to hear tonight?"
No one ever gets tired of loving, but everyone gets tired of waiting, assuming, hearing lies, saying sorry & hurting
I am here to attest that this is not true, sir.
u go hard with the beatz my dude
Who is coming to Wintergreen on Thursday? www.usgbcmd.org
HEY i just wanted to say you sing so great u gave me chills when i herd you and i really love your singing RT this post ty
Bummer about your SXSW hotel - at least days are packed so you really won't have to be there except to sleep
Good. Night.
Sometimes life has a way of putting us on our backs to force us to look up. - Charles L. Allen
PSU defense? RT : Josh Tinch. He's my parents neighbor and i like the guy. Yeah, he messed up...but it's personal with my family.
Miller hits a three for Miami, they need his shooting...from last year
Emails labeled Urgent!, with poor grammar and ALL CAPS makes me want to help you oh so quickly...
If you hate your job, you're gonna look elsewhere
Good Morning x) bahaha.
I don't use drugs, my dreams are frightening enough
thanks so much for the RT!!
Great songwriter night, uncle lee on next.
The kid feels [busted].
but everybody poops
Vague, I know, but do you remember what that clothing website was that you sent me a long time ago? hah
what line!?
almost missed a practice due to a traffic stop. our drummer looked like marijuana. here are some tips for.........
hey you.. thanks for droppin by our youtube. you're AMAZING. Checked out your channel. If you wanna join forces, that'd be RAD!
Power out in So. Harpswell Potts Point. Tree down or car hit pole?
Hello Ms. Wagner. How are You? Wish You a Very Happy New Year! I recently got the season 1 DVDS of The Bionic Women! :)
here comes the BIG weather
“ Take a moment to thank the veterans of our many Storage Wars.” yuup!
A perfect day in SF, why be anywhere else? If you don't believe me, just come check out the view at One Union!
But I wanted to do it next year too and how am I gonna compete with the best pit reporter there ever was?! Lol
"Intelligence is the wife, imagination is the mistress, memory is the servant."
What's Some Good Workouts Dude. I Hit The Gym Today But I Feel Like My Muscles R Use To What I Do Uk?
it's crazy right now but should quieten down soon. would love to catch up!
The best ever amazing team play!
what's with the gutsy calls?!
Thanks for the update, guys - we'll pass it along!
Still plenty of fun to be captured RT: : I wish I met when I was 13. My life could be a pretty entertaining movie
you inspire me.
i know i miss you MORE :)
.: Many journos just swoop in & out, not trying to find out what's really happening.
jack off jill
If Only I Could. Make A Deal With God. And Get Him To Swap Our Place. -Placebo-
Spinning live on danceradio.ca and radio4by4.com tune in
yay! Miki smiling is the best! :D
Asians, Hispanics/Latinos, Pacific Islanders, and Native Americans than among Caucasians.
If i was a guy i would date you in an instant. too bad im not.
Why is ja rule a TRENDING topic on yahoo?
#newyearsiscoming! Exciting plans or low key?
You gotta throw a few 'bows to get what ya want sometimes. There's always next year.
haha - I already did earlier this week!
comin 2 u right now. That work with you time wise?
thanks sweetie :D
#ThingsIReallyCantStand people that disrespect their parents"
Community currency - a possible solution?
oh yeah??
: Can I request your Buffalo consultation services?
So I'm looking at going to Paris and Amsterdam this November. Any tips or suggestions?
Been missing our friend Where are those waves hiding?
the girls that get killed first are always the hot ones :(
Leo Howard is so cute
Congrats, welcome to the team!
hi, I saw your page. I have a family member with stage 4 duodenal cancer (spread to liver). Are there any herbs you recommend?
In Dallas to give a needy house some Paul-spective-48 hrs, go!
check your DM
RT : Come for the crafts, stay for the museum, or vice versa! craft show, today through 4/22 in the Great...
Have you read today's #Body & Soul pullout of #The Sunday Mail? Check out the interview I did about my experience with Pilates
To be fair to the pols, for wall street q isn't leverage or not, just how much (will the law allow).
“The journey between who you once were, and who you are now becoming, is where the dance of life really takes place.” ~Barbara De Angelis~
if i was you, id follow me too
just got an instagram, , follow !
You're name should be ,
didn't wait for the body to get cold before he spoke ill of the dead. Stay classy matt. I hope you get cancer.
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Most jobs are marginally better than daytime TV.
Blu-ray advertisements always have the most epic music.
omfg my dad is acting so weird.
text me
Thanks for all the responses on the podcasts guys! I'm still looking and I'll narrow it down to a good co-host. Working on a CDN shortly.
On air now: Nick Pro until 6!
NYRB eliminated from CCL. 3 MLS teams and 1 USL team for a total of 4 from US based leagues is up from last year
I love that, no matter how great an artist you are on , your handwriting still sucks…
Wow, that pic looks amazing!!! Well done.
Live music in 15 minutes
WOW - For every 100 recommendations an advocate shares, 70 inbound clicks
Who's a brainiac?
"I'm laughing at clouds so dark up above - The sun's in my heart, and I'm ready for love." ::gene kelly::singin' in the rain
Guest DJ at La Fogata tonight - DJ Javi!!!!
Warm yourself up tonight with a grassfed beef burger!
Bout to rock rite now @ Jazz Standards, 2 sets, 730 and 930pm...see u there
Major case of the Mondays!
quick question. What's the difference between the IMessage and Text Message on the new IPhone software??
Damn it's hot in Vegas
TEACHER: “Why did you bring your cat to school today?” KID: “My dad said to my mom he's going to eat that pussy when the kids leave :'(“
How can I get off the CARE emails and phone calls. I don't quality, but you insist on constantly asking me to sign up.
Just learned that #hunger and hunger related diseases kill more people than #AIDS and #TB combined. We need to do more.
RT : good show with !
love the game. It's just such a cock tease with the server issues though.
Im one of them. I put it in a cup and gave it to this homeless lady outside. I told her it was that NEW yogurt.
time to kick some prospect ass
You're right. My formal apology to the international Styrofoam peanut community is coming in brief press conference at noon.
if he can point me to places with more flexible hrly requirements. For credit my school only requires a 16hr week so thts 2 days
$2 chicken or beef #tacos till we close! Come get some grub... and some
SO MUCH PRIDE LIKE A LEO IAM A LION 'YEAH ...AND I ANT LIEIN!*!
If only there were some half-empty malls around here where we could offer this...
Listening to Country Hits on Pandora <3
Jose "Todd Jones" Valverde put the lead off man on in the 9th. Then he steals second. No outs.
Got a B- from Cool Raoul.
Yum. Thank you for posting.
It's official...36 today...I'm now over the mid 30's hump...starting the slide towards 40....yahoo!
I think a few folks from Veterans for Peace and Occupy Faith still in park, waiting to be arrested
you, too? I thought I was the only one....
Valence Health Heals Growing Pains with High-Performance Analytics from SAS, HP - Yahoo Finance Chicago-based Valence Health is addressin
Seeing new work inspires me
Elephant Man eh?
Can Shepard Smith not see the rest of Fox News, or can the rest of Fox News not see Shepard Smith?
Pudding and I were destined to be friends
how about you fucken check your voxer i left you a wonderful message
Loving it too but probably for different reasons then you:)
Thanks for the shout-out! Looking forward to a virtual Zack Attack
No, I haven't. I've been wanting to visit Fall Creek Falls.
II. She said don't try to touch my heart. I can't trust men.
the times they are a-changin'
#Scorpio will work relentlessly to get to the root of a matter, even forsaking food, rest and sleep. Their instinct for truth is uncanny
SQUEEEE!! This will be interesting. I've never seen him with his alternate band.
Like Windhorst just tweeted, relocation is a downside. Your $14.5 million salary this year ... oh, I'd say upside.
I drove through Columbia to visit my younger daughter when she was in college at St Andrews (Laurenburg).
Minnesota #Gopher #Hockey roars back into the Final Five with a 7-3 win! Congrats boys!
I keep away from a-runaround sue.
I agree. It's more like a chat room. Think ADD. Some ppl love it.
thanks for the love and the kiss hunny 💋
That was a risky bet RT : Just won a eazy hunid$$
Goodnight yall, stay favorite
One more hour!!! Hurry up to
"With every rising of the sun, think of your life as just begun." ~Unknown Get Out! Get Active!
I found these on ebay, but the Iron Fist website has some more that are really cool too!
Awww I miss my bff maria from the beginning of the year
ah I see. Very funny
Omg no niggaaa. thats hurtful just cause i got no man right now dont mean ima be single forever :/
Good morning Guys (Brazil is Morning). Now I'm have a breakfast with my cousin, because I sleep in my grandma house.
# 62. "You will see when we get home motherfucker!" ??? Lol
not sure agreeing to come in an hour to work on mondays was my best decision... exhausted after a crazy nyc weekend.
Yep. RT : Amazing how one task you don't want to do can slow down that whole to-do list.
new to twitter. You're a good rapper.
Yellow pants Tuesday!
It's amazing how one person can come into your life, totally by chance and make such a positive difference.
Time to do that homework -.-
Eggfast will be at the ComFest Community Awareness Benefit - April 9 at Woodlands Tavern. Waffle bar and much more!! www.comfest.com www.egg
Love it
Sup twitter peeps?!?!
We will be grilling our jerk chicken out in front today. Join us and The 86 Club out on the street!
last nite i was at a restaurant and they kept playing kpop
Thank you and congrats to all of the 2011 Bell Ringer Award Winners last night
no joke.
Tax time approaches! A Web2Print system allows print buyers to print a hard copy of an order for their records. Let'm know!
Nate Dogg. A true classic. Whoa...
Do you have develop websites and/or mobile apps? Got a website I can check out?
Looking forward to seeing what you do in your gig-library gig!
I'm going to the Salon tired of tweeting....P.S I love You► U▼ You▲ an U◄ so follow
hey! hahaha im 's BFF! :D
good luck! ...not like you need it 😉
Just had blood taken ...
I know!!! So excited and all shopped-out lol Hurry up already (:
haha I can't remember!
Hell it ain't even the first time this month. Complete strangers treat me better than so called friends.
Oh, Fred Armisen! You crack me up!
Rangers have continuously played like Goons all game...that goal was bullshit
I can really understand Amy Whinehouse... Love lost Or love ridden can take you there with no reprieve...
How can you rebuild a military when we have no money? Ron Paul is talking sense tonight! Not a sure thing for Newt
i strongly dislike you right now.
Started to pack for #B2R100K but I am not going to game plan the race--different approach for me, but also a 5-minute penalty for planning.
Thanks to PC followers! You make the world go round!
support the Revolution.. support Egypt.
HAHA, yeah right, but thanks. PS Come visit.
MLA/MOUG fantastic as always. So glad to be with my people! Can't wait to have ALL y'all in BIG D!
Shoutout to my new follower>>>>> go follow his fine ass... Follow & gain...
Thank you RT “: is killin it right now on #FridayNightMix!!!”
Joke time! A man walks into a bar......... His alcoholism is destroying his family.
Whoa...last night...is still going. Do Epic Shit Repeat.
how are things going?
those are the solid, numerical facts. Perception is great -- facts are better.
"Remember when we were kids and we were in such a rush to grow up and become adults? Boy, was that stupid."
Sad to hear about the unfortunate job loss. As we get older, these so-called "Corporations" are like #GOP they lie to your face!
I'm tired of the heartbreaks and the head ache im sick to my stomach I just want to be happy.
DIY Magnolia Bakery&#39;s Banana Pudding « Mimsy&#39;s Blog
Did you know... Acid/Alkaline balance, or pH, is one of the most essential elements determining our overall health.
why did i pull an all-nighter.....
you shouldn't root for Tiger. Come hang out on the bandwagon with me & the rest of the cool kids.
“: It must be the crossfit #rungood” <-- It's DEF the #crossfit!! :-D
THE TRIANGLE!!!!! RT: i challenge you to find an instrument no one has filmed a super mario brothers theme on
#fortherecord I think 1-armed hugs are cheap.
You tell her to mind her damn bidness before I come down there an beat her ass
Getting my cheek piercings tomorrow <3
their dreams
Join President & CEO, David Fleming for a chat on organ, eye & tissue donation, using #ABCDrBchat on May 1st from 1-2pm ET!
That moment when u have yo pee really bad but u dont feel like getting up and go to the bathroom
My sis can't say version it comes out virgin lol. Lol lol
Did you try the multiplayer? It's a nice change from the typical FPS junk we've been inundated with
Above & beyond at Lavolv tonight! I love all night Tuesdays!
I went up a size on the #EXPRESS skinnies and still felt like a stuffed sausage; they're designed with plastic models in mind :(
LeBron with the deer and the head lights look
I have a tattoo that says it. In a circle around the fire dancer. I have another that just says DMB
hey Mr president how about a shout and a follow
Putting my naked body on the Internet=cool Having dear ole dad hear about it=prieless
lets go kevin and the 29 teams lets get the car in victory lane or take a top 5 i want jeff burton and paul menard to have good run too!
That's not to say, of course, that I don't (very!) frequently quote my Papaw: "Mary Mary full of grace, help me win this stock-car race."
Moving my last stuff out of BTown tomorrow.
: Take 1 to release promo ad tomorrow. It's a movie. #DJsforObama || ALWAYS A MOVIE WITH
Come out for first Change Who Waits rally at 10:00 on May 5 at Grove Avenue Baptist Church in Richmond, VA!
thanks for the follow! Please keep us in mind for catering for your next big event!
no, you have too much time on your hands 😳
Goin to Vegas in 2 days!!
not really -___- I'm good tho... Gimme a couple months...
The change up was a surprisingly funny movie! :)
A squirrel in the spotlight - you don't want to miss a special segment at 6am - plus today's headlines and weather all coming up in minutes.
good morning to you": Gmorning :)), hope everybody have a great day :))"
#dhtrial atmosphere in the court is odd. Bloggers reporters talking amongst themselves.
Thanks to and , the human element is being elevated above statistics and consumerism. Great tweets guys.
UK 67 UK 59 for the NCAA Basketball Championship. Congrats to the SEC. #1 in Football ALA now basketball.
Disco legend Donna Summer dead at 63, according to reports.
Dear Darla, I hate your stinking guts. You make me vomit. Fuck you, bitch.
Check out our new track "Sweet Sleep" Featuring Mellysa Marie.. on sale online THIS Thursday!
Kloppenburg: independent investigation needs to happen in Waukesha County and the clerk there.
the usual lol
Wee are so excited to be part of 's Mutts and Martinis event next Wednesday 11/9 at the Domain Austin!
I always liked Hughes. His nose to toes curve at 71 mph +94mph FB are outstanding. When he adds in his change up he's tough
Cool, thanks.
Allez Cuisine! RT : It's been a long and mostly productive day so I think I've earned a couple episodes of Iron Chef.
Special for tomorrow with Sean for new clients: Buy 3 products from the Thickening, Mending, or Quenching lines and get a free Blowdry!
I'm sick of giving myself advice. I can't ever talk to other people about my problems. Blehh
Don't hate on my word usage! I know we all need to chill! I miss your craziness. Hows the new place.
Yup, there's homework afoot... Unfortunately, #idgaf, not a single one
I'm there
will be open for #CicLAVia!
you are not true #BBN. Idiot.
I have not, worth checking out?
idk i love them all its to hard to pick
Yup whenever your at Citi Field or if you go to another Cyclones game.
I'm bored.
Allegro Dance Co will be performing Sat Aug 20 Noon at WV Northern Community College Campus for Arts Fest. Join US!!
Yes she is!
RT "hilarious things that you don't do ... like wrestling in cherry jello?"
Skiing this time of year :)
Wow! It feels like something big is going to happen with my art career, can't wait to see what it is. Thanks for the kind nod.
not me..gotta stay out of that ..gotta go to work on Monday
how long did THAT take? Monopoly lasts forever.
Thanks for the tip, guess I'll be not-working a little Friday morning.
jus copped a loud pac/its louder than its ever been/and i got that ellen sniff so cum and get degeneres
hahah the song is so addicting!!
Miss you tons!!!
OOPS... mwant to say VERA Bradley
I was gonna suggest you find some new restaurants this time, but then I clicked the link. Interesting.
You are greater than you can even imagine yourself to be. With the right team of people around you everything is possible.
ohh the tea party and their nonsense
all ready to watch at 8am here in the usa :D go KIMI!
Seriously, what the fuck are flirty cupcakes on wheels?
Sunday cleaning and studying
My phone has been dead since I woke up. Still don't have my charger..
great thanks for sending!
thank u I hate when a thanks he got a girl nd tells his boyz that's my girl...
Thanks Laurel! I like to change it up ;)
My parents are getting after me about summer jobs, I am working on it jeezz
Those kind of individuals don't exist in our world lol
Ask Style: How to Rock Clip-In Bangs? I want to try clip in bangs like celebs wear. Do you have any tips about the best brands and how to
The new Fiona Apple song reminds me a lot of Florence + the Machine. This is a good thing.
OBOC is a great way to engage your students so I nominated 1 of our RP sites yesterday! Hope the event went well last night!
those suck no follow all of the people from oregon i have tons they all have reasonable stuff to say
S/O to my new followers!!! Lets Get it!!!
Disturbing insight from today's John Gambling Show: would sue to block paid sick leave for working families? Unconscionable.
We eat that every week. Even the children, who are rather picky otherwise.
wonderful tweet! Thank you!
community chiropractic works miracles
show at the Emerson on Friday and I can't remember Saturday right now. You?
let's throw one instead! Project X style lol
I came out tonight hoping for drunk horny depressed chicks
I'm doing he right now? Daa fuck?
Show coming up NOV 19th In Orlando Please come out show some love at Club Taste show starts at 8pm
Also, will definitely be in SB in early August!!!
Popular means I don't get much done of what I need to get done, but I get a free dinner. :-)
All these Damn commercial are letting Lakers rest.. Damn NBA what's the big market team to win for more money Damnit illuminati
n u been usin 22 many bitch words slow dat shxt up
I love seeing Christmas through the kids' eyes... It's quite the flashback experience.♥
RT I am so very p90xsore today. Why didn't someone remind me that writing>exercise
#DearTaylorSwift, Stop stalking my life & writing songs about. Thanks.
Hello to my newest followers. I'm a lifelong Clevelander running for Cuyahoga County Prosecutor. I invite your review of my qualifications.
Wade has 0 points.....ZERO
bc a ballcarrier has the ability to get into a position to protect himself. Cannot do that when attempting a catch.
But their shrieking is delicious to my ears, like the sound of bacon sizzling.
thanks boo!
epic 3hr set boss. F*** tha haters. Your an amazing dj. Keep up the love!
I can't believe I almost stayed home last night. I'm having way too much fun. Ask my liver.
I'm gone!
I need to stop.
#whole #trys not your day huh? Hahah
RT if you love your HAWAII DIRECTIONERS :) we LOVE YOU <3 ALOHA
sometimes I forget I have a twitter.. other days its all that exists
I tried to tell him to put it in the show, but Tim said it wasn't good tv.
hahahahaha, i think if they are similar in a way that is not noticable is perfectly fine. but i so agree. c:
yeah :l
The LUNATIC-LEFT MEDIA will go back 50 YEARS to hurt Romney, but BLAMES Repubs for going back 4 years
just jumped off my loft #accomplishment ...but i landed on my dogs tail #comebackpuppy :(
Met my goal.
Thanks! Will try to make it “: Congrats! Name on list for #openbar 8-11 @ #FlipFlops”
Petition has been sent to NBC. Email to Executives will be posted on our site tomorrow. petition will remain up- Keep Signing! Please RT
Wild play in Red Sox-M's game. Umpires meet, reverse a call at the plate. Got it right, but nobody has seen that before. Francona tossed
next codes will be next week.. for our jump into fall contest.. thanks for playing, over 5000 entry's so far!
it was amazing!
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
So mad at me cause I passed gas lmao get over it
did you get one?
hey stu was great meeting you last night, killer set really liked it! shoot me your info:-)
Are you guilty of people watching when you’re on the treadmill at the gym?
I heard that!
The sun is shining down at Tia's come in for lunch... Lobster special $ 14.95 all day and night!!
there are many people who has same name as yours. What picture u got?
Who's your daddy? New Father's Day themed Sound Design, up now on #productionvault! Check it out!
I'd love to mock Macaulay Culkin, but he dated Mila Kunis, plus a ton of other hot girls we don't know about. Must be doing something right.
Twitter and Facebook will never go out of stock. Everytime you turn around someone will always be online.
Happy Easter to all enjoy
Can't find the report or Reuters story on the blog. Don't know what 2 make of Charlie Norwood's claims about what Massey says
day of jazz was awesome.
I'm told 2004 was the last time UW made the NCAA Tourney in softball.
“: Some dudes deserve the ski mask and duck tape treatment! The only way they will learn how to respect life!!”
i have also decided along with buddha the pug and my current bella the pug: i need a pug named hippo.
. Is a flat tax acceptable to members of either party?
out with friends... Tryna go home though... Cuz I'm tried...what you doing up?
Happy Hour All Day!!!
Im feeling so antisocial today..
When he finished I swear dat pussy said thank the
Boston Bound my loves!!!
hey beautiful I'm just checking on u,someone in this world thinks u are truly amazing. I appreciate u
Was able to buy your print today! I am super excited, keep up good work!
We need your voice at the Transportation Committee hearing TODAY. Meet at #CampCharlie, State House steps, 9:30 am.
Just got my permit to drive a class c truck. Look out Chicago!
Thanks for the follow Syarif "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
We should hang out and stare at our phones.
Happy eruption anniversary, Mt. St. Helens! Not even Michael Bay can beat a real mountain exploding.
Sorry for your lost doll. My condolences to you and your family.
LOL no comment
Fixing transcriptions of photo descriptions. Favorite today: Morgout (Margaret). Look out y'all, Morgan's about to have a Morgout!
,beauty may get the attention...but personality captures the heart<3
hypocrisy isnt so baad if u admit it,....isnt it?
you're pretty!!!
Congrats to Mom’s Christian Daycare for winning a Staples gift card by participating in the latest Pinwheels for Prevention Initiative!
On top of life...i have to take the commuter rail home tonight....at 11. I hope i get murdered.
thanks ma
Using online games to teach about science but also to create a social space/ Why can't we do this in our physical spaces??
PD should be process, not event. Themes should emerge and ideas built upon them. No more 'covering' topics.
At previous job it was English and Theater students.
super HD
« « If they weren't there for you during your hardest times...then they don't deserve to be there at all.»»
I will do that!
Check out the new single (All on me)By Promise& C-4
i think we can all agree that dark side of the moon is 1 of the greatest albums recorded
Three! Three separate accidents making me late for class today.
We have some exciting things happening. Stay tune for details.
why u been a stranger ? Wtf
RT : RT : The gas station owner down the street from #Chase Shareholder meeting is underwater w/ his home & cheering...
North Carolina . . . no soup for you.
Come on
Relationships are like glass. Sometimes it's better to leave them broken then try to hurt yourself putting it back together.
I'm pretty sure would love to get as much press as you want to give us. :D
no I can't haha
Just found out the grammys are today--my day became exponentially better.
Are you seriously still awake?
harder in the MLB bro
D-Wade... The definition of clutch
no worries. good luck on the move.
im a flippin genius!
jc can you please follow me!(:
do u have anything to do with ACTING
love you new shows your baby is so beautiful.huge fan
hmm. She's very skeptical and wary of goofballs like you. May I be honest? I hate the laugh track. It's mean. But...
love what is doing with the #whyad2 campaign. If you're under 32 and work in Reno advertising, you should join!
Good Morning. Hope your not a bullseye today for the birds.
5 triple-doubles? Rondo's the best PG in the league. Hands down.
hey! Where was your camera for our profile picture?
Less then 24 hours till gets his braces off !
TY for the kind words! And so do you ~ : We like: - visually inspiring beautiful things!
Bootleg... Bootleg... Bootleg...
Am I going crazy or is it snowing on my youtube videos?
how have you been?
my mother always said I was "Special!"
You're back!
So, Obama came out. How's this affect reelection odds?
we're just a couple of tired, hungry and silly big kids!
A bill to move up MN fishing season wins approval in the house and now goes before the senate. Info at 7:10 on
right doe you din forgot all about me :(
I love you zack morris RT : It's alright because I'm saved by the bell.
Yes. It's good to be iReady. " : Is it ok that I own over 20 iPhone USB cables?"
I'm already following you (:
haha Im glad I only have one, hopefully mine will be gone soon. are you hurting?
haha gotta love Ezra Klein's likening of Newt Gingrich's campaign to Monty Python Holy Grail "its just a flesh wound" scene- well done, sir!
I took 2 semesters and can't speak it either! :/ We need a Paris immersion trip!! ;)
I know, right?!
why ? I went on both tho and they wasn't alluhhhh dat.
Yeah... It's down. Not sure whst's up with Linode. Will follow up asap. Thanks.
#Rake the leaves on your #lawn and discard them, as they can lead to problems down the road with fungus
Hey #Followers . . . There's something incredibly #sexy about sand and sweat
I can't wait
Like the Beckham story, makes sense. Still you can get somewhere faster in car than you can in a horse n buggy. Balance right?
are looking good so far
Since 1982 LSU has beaten Bama 15 to 14 w/ one tie. Been a long time for this alledged "order" to be out of whack Barret Jones. Geaux Tigers
Good morning!
HEALTHCARE:Home-Family-Job-Assets-Health Ins. Which one can take the others away from you? Buy your book! (TheProfitTrap) www.amazon.com
The most time we spent all just came to an end so abruptly
You make me sick!!!.
who was that girl the jerry Lawler married and quit WWE after she got fired? Miss Kitty or somethign? What an embarrasment
Jesus. Follow from AND in the same day?! Is this real life...
I wish I had all my slim-fit shirts up at school I hate loose dress shirts.
Perfection does not equal beauty. The attempt to attain perfection, is however, quite beautiful in and of itself.
The best way to see a person is not to look at him/her
If you're going to #BASHH tonight, be sure to let know how much you appreciate all her hard work giving it to us!
Need more ink!
Dang the police out again clockin RACKING UP ON TICKETS (what's really going on in the streets)
The Complete New English Hymnal series on Spotify = happy Josh.
Our pleasure.
That's actually a serious question. I still can't figure out why/how I got this block and how to fix it.
oh yeah baby don't make me bend u over and spank u lol xD
Things worth having are worth waiting for.
Y'all? I'm not on the squad bruh. And they'll beat anyone.
This nigga in church with some Lil Wayne jeans on
Lol I'm watching a college football spring game. What a great way to start a Sunday.
Happy Happy Birthday ! Wish you much happiness and success through all the years to come. XO
Supershopper.com is a great free classified site to advertise.
well said, teenagers everywhere
Driving in Africa is a just big game of chicken pedestrians included,& whoever has the biggest vehicle has the right of way.
Tell'em primo lol RT : forget these rumors. We all appreciate your professionalism throughout all this craziness
Poor victim. RT : RT you hold America hostage with your godawful "football" writing ... And yet---
sittin here and jsut had to tweet, Whats good world
Christ the Savior was born! AMEN!
Grrr “: Some days just don't work out as you planned. I just hope I'm awake at 8pm CST for #shehechat of will not be happy.”
- i like your avatar
"Belief creates the actual fact." --William James
Some of the upcoming drummers are Avon HS students.
even if its permanent paint? Like for terra cotta pots. it was left over from a painting party.
We hope you had a great weekend facebook fans. Any fun riding plans for August?
Hate bipolar females who dont think they bipolar...
So... Does that mean there is going to be an open spot where the Lion King once resided? lol
Running up a sack
well about to go to sleep even though its only 8:00 GOOD NITE Internet and see you tomorrow ....NOT !!!!!!! Lol
I just walked in to jury duty and I'm bored to death.
Thank you from for presenting at today! I enjoyed hearing about your perspective of the PR field
#FF Follow and RT these wonderful peeps
Play the cards your dealt without folding
finals week ah!
i already know.
I'm so glad you are falling in love with my songs! My fans rock<3!
so honestly, if I were to keep up on it a LOT, I'd spend 45 min a week on it & probably $200/year in chems
u might have to uninstall one and reinstall it to correct it
The NBA Playoffs get me so stressed, I swear."!
: : Alice died this morning while she was retweeting
hate that stupid view
oh man, good thing I love this sh
Alderman Rd is finally open to traffic again! Hurrah
My plans for you just got demolished.
COSMIC TONIGHT!!!
Syrian regime 'Doomed'. Invitable it will collapse, says Dennis Ross. via Bernard Gwertzman of Council on Foreign Relations
i'm planning on a trip in March.
the cover is a play on the fact he's been fined for hits. The cover recreates the videogame cover for hitman.
we'll see you soon!
“: Tina Fey actually coached "Kevin Gnapoor" on how to rap for the talent show scene in the movie Mean Girls.”
Birthday on Friday! So excited! :)
congrats guys
Attempting to pan fry tofu. *fingers crossed*
Loeffler-- watersheds should be governed from within and by the people, as common areas
how are u?
Oh you unfollowed me? You're cool. Atleast lemme know so I can unfollow your ass back.
#Supermoon in Scorpio! Peaks tonight, the biggest and brightest moon!
And i.promiss who ever helps me now I will help them with their project when im a bestselling Author u have my word on that
Another terrific Recruiting Weekend. There's a lot of excitement around Hopkins Football.
MisEducation coming soon!!!
This morning was like a real-life round of Settlers of Catan (minus the competition). We traded w/friends: bricks for composted goat poop.
THIS WEATHER IS KILLING ME... UGH IT'S SO BIPOLAR!!
Magritte reference: HOT RT On draw something got option for pipe, drew a pipe & wrote "this is not a..." wonder if they'll get it
Salon internet marketing is the way forward in 2011! If your salon doesn't have a strong internet marketing strategy you should change that!
new rider on the green line. Your buses and your schedule are not matching. Second time today the bus is +10min late.
if I dont go I dont graduete high school nd its a required test fr freshmen
What's your Pizzicato recommendation?
w/Lethem sorted last night a series of Pink Floyd/Kubrick correspondences: Dark Side = 2001, obviously. The Wall = A Clockwork Orange...
any captions yet?
Mary Lou Jepson (Pixel Qi) is up now at #bib11...fascinating breakdowns on e-reading and display technology challenges & realities.
Today lost one of his favorite girls today. R.I.P Angel<333 May God Bless You<33
Prom is right around the corner.......make sure you reserve your prom hair and makeup with us!
How do I buy 10 tickets and not hit ONE GODDAMN NUMBER!?!?
happy moms day!
Student essay argues Althusser's notion of interpellation was meant to preemptively elide any responsibility he had for murdering his wife
I wanna go 2 a Prince concert.
they're all in fucking Boston.
Jessica Sanchez better win American Idol. She's got true talent & soul. She deserves this!
I've only seen a few and mildly interested in two more but in no mood to watch any more of these oscar.go.com/nominees
Aquaponics: a New Technology to Recycle Water and Feed a Rapidly Growing Population
Lionel Messi 4 Arsenal 1. He's like, really really good. Bring on Inter. Vamos Barca.
Creepier than an a arsonist = "sexy" pics of any family member in the living room.
Thanks for the follow your Big Fat Lies Women Tell Themselves was life changing!
it was crackin. Had Hella fun. Pics up on my Facebook
Thanks. And even though I ride a bicycle, not a motorcycle, I really like some of the stuff from Vavavroom!
Not only will we not disappoint, but the universe will swerve into another dimension.
Our website is www.stardesignsa.com . Let's see what we can do for you! RT i need a graphic designer!!!
WELL:) lol ill c wut i can do:) ok i need my 309 followers 2 listen 2 me hahah:)
Game ended in a 1-1 tie!
Alright for the most part how's ya fam
Hello there. Where are you located? Follow me so we can DM.
the best part is that I looked at literally only one book. And it was that one. Some great pictures.
Big ten also slow with clock management, not only on field ": I can't believe Bollman had Russell Wilson clock the ball there."
This lady was sucking my dong, stopped, pulled out a butterfinger and ate it.
Happy Anniversary! You two are SO adorable. Have a cupcake while you're there!
THAT'S MY SHIT
Who will be at the GeekWire Seattle 2.0 Awards tonight?
My English teacher probably thinks im a pot head cause we have to write a paper on a controversial topic and I chose legalization of weed
How I adore the KILLERS
Can you take a picture of the Updike reissues using the camera on your computer?
RT I haven't gained weight. I'm just retaining cookies.
it reminds me of the Soundtoys Decapitator but with a bunch more options...adds great analog distortion and harmonics
take a look at they can teach you everything about doing your own car maintenance :)
I like being a Northern half Mexican at a Southern school.
Enough about the Asian Shrimp invading the US ... Let's get the frying pan out and have a shrimp festival and be done
esp since CHK doesn't make enough on drill & selling gas & they screw over their drill prtnrs on royalties
hey you
Anyone play any good pranks for April Fools?
watching back to the future!
You are not ugly.. you are sexy
Didnt quit in practice today #practicesquad.....still making moves
I am in LA so I can't direct you to any specific teachers, but I would love to go to Australia someday! (:
Mite do pills video shoot tomorrow idk yet depends on how much he giving me!!
you ready?
Takin a SHOWER!!! Its gunna b warm.
Cannot believe that school is finally getting an abstinence program.
A good plug is so hard to find...
No track today so happy
ANYONE LOOKING FOR OPENING ACTS GET AT ME SMILEZ DAGR8 IS READY
So were part of the Bicycling test team? Care to share your votes on best race and plush bike?
How do I get the hot personal trainer at the gym to ask me out?
Just finished two sets of SL bald man hair: Classic Bald and the Skullet-->flowing motion included
I slept in late and I feel no shame.
GOD BLESS YOU ALL!! FOLLOW BACK
HAPPY HOUR until 7pm... 1/2 off pub menu, $1 off DRAFTS & $5 Long Islands!! THIRSY THURSDAY IS ON!
haha nah i dont think so.i was there last week i wouldve bought them if i saw them ha. idk man, its hardchoosing 4 you>.<
s/o to my girls Smart N Sexy they represent #Team2Sexy!! U must Follow!!!
Whatever happened to Linsanity?
I was hoping to beam in Don't see him? Did you scatter his atoms?
"75% of dentists keep asking you questions while their hands are in your mouth." - Hopefully ask questions with yes / no answers
#didyouknow RAW Heat & Ice don't contain fillers.Other leading topical gels r clumping/runny because they contain fillers like water/alcohol
hahaha it's too manly for u
When NOBODY wants to hangout with you #loser <<<<<<
lol well twitters cool i guess
Happy #sunday fellow #ukmma folks! What are we all doing with our weekend?
Ben:"Courtney, would U like to go to the Fantasy Suite?" Courtney:U do know who UR talking to, right?
About to start rehearsal for a great play to be performed as part of a benefit event autism in NY
Sushi Happy Hour Noon-6pm - 1/2 price sushi!
Gonna try and curl my hair :) hopefully it works and its long enough to look good
Episode 66 uploading now. We're working off a new server with this one, so please let us know if you run into any issues.
You're shitting spiders all over the place.
I love her so much!!!
Good night, Brenda! Hope you find out the actor in the porn you nieghbor is watching!
Looking forward to reading your tweets :-)
CONGRATS to The Theatre Bizarre for getting DVD of the month in mag #314 !!!
RT Keep dem squares up out ya circle.!
do you get many get many opportunities 4 actors w/ disabilities
This bitch...
There's ALWAYS a silver lining...sometimes you just have to keep your eyes open to see it. ~ Me
that was funny as hell.
Just shrink your head and you'll be golden...LOL!!!! JK!!! Beetlejuice might be able to help you out....pahahahaha!!! JK!!! :)
esp from behind
I watched the first season of Downton Abbey and loved it on Netflix.
Oh alright just checking if you was straight before I bust heads with someone messing with you
#MexicanMomSayings WHEN YOU TURN 21 GET ME PAPERS!
At times like these I'm extremely glad I work It's really is one big family.
I'm short 5k steps for today so walking them now. Nice and cool outside & so many neighbors out walking dogs, watering lawns etc
SANDWICHES RT : ink sack now open Monday's starting today! come start your week with a few sandwiches!!!
Yes. Yes that is my dream.
Thanks Nakia for reminding me about the #sparkandhustle chat!
Finishing up LIES OF LOCKE LAMORA for #fridaylistens. Now I can see why people like it so much.
trying to find any real acting compaines people twitter if you know of any please and thank you
Cheers to an awesome weekend! RT:
Yes sir;) #NewbieCheckin RT : one dollar for a burrito??? hell yes.
damn! What happened?
Gotta love ! RT We're getting into farmer's market season. What are the best markets to hit up?
I am. And I agree, busy!
thanks 4 the love shorty keep it #3hunna baby cuz I keep real
Love is a disease of the heart...in the end, there is no treatment curable and it might just kill you...
Jae n jaz in the kitchen makin brownies yummy cnt wait to eat sum
i had the same problem. I was told to eat a banana b4 bed
hell ya media center
i'll send ya clearer pics in the morning
MPX continues Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Sherburne, Stearns, Wright till 5:15 PM. Headed to Clearwater and Becker.
Thanks for the RT Very much appreciated
there's gotta be an app for that
my favorite bird call this spring is the song sparrow, last year it was the cardinal, & the year before was the robin
Thanks and for airing Ohio Means Business. We appreicate it!
Just read the back of a can of Almonds... It had a warning that the product contains... Wait for it... Almonds!
hey auntie!! i wanted to let yuh noe tht i miss christian(: lmao
lol what community service?
Mathew Timmons: a glamorous and especially virtuous activity.
Valentines dayy 😍. To bad I'm single! Who. #foreveralone lolololololololololololol swag
Hard rock casino always a party
Biz are built on referrals. Use your existing network 2 build your customer base by providing value & building relationships.
thx. I actually have another questions 2. I alrdy have a good 2 go pass 4 the Narrows Bridge will that work for 520 as well?
Thank you for creating my profile guys!
Looks like there is a lot of work to do! Go Kitchell!
you were? Wow. Why didn't you? Oh wait. Never mind. Cause you met him, right?
Great first meeting! Big thanks to for helping out us at
Yeaahhh... I'm excited for the new Spider-Man.
thats true. You might think this is funny but Haha you are your own bestfriend
Must get through this one class then off to millers to watch the game!
it's monday!! time for another rousing round of weekend brags- whatcha got??? turn yourself on with your brags...
hahaha. it's okay just don't let it happen again! :) haha
Hey there! Good morning to you
Can't till after class. Watching I know what you did last summer and Disturbia with a few friends.
i went to school outside of buffalo its an underrated place. #WNY has a lot to offer.
I am NATO round this weekend in Chicago. I'll be protesting with a beer and brat in Wisconsin if you need me.
I love being in the car and all the sudden the song what makes you beautiful comes on ah I love one direction :)
Oh FUN & I have news, I'm the reigning Ms Santa Monica USA come April. Princess of dark comedy to beauty queen w/sash & tiara!
Sometimes you wish you could change the past.....but sometimes the past changes you
I need to start wrapping gifts....Grace found one of the boxes with her presents in it and she's trying to get them out.
great! Just preparing for three awesome shows this weekend!
Just finished two cover images for #facebook #timeline. Have you made the switch yet? Remember, a picture's worth a thousand words!
Huge fan & supporter of director extraordinaire Guillermo Del Toro!!!!
Weird - rain in San Jose in Sept. Just freaky weather or early el niño? Either way, need new windshield wipers!
I cant sleep
Feeling defeated. There are some things I will never be ok with. And that's ok, because these are MY feelings and beliefs.
All it takes is for you to let her rub candle glitter on ur face becuz she's cute!
Watchin' CELEBRITY APPRENTICE.
I feel like that could be a metaphor for life. Tho I'm not sure what #12 would be. The sun? :)
Do you spray your pants with windex? Because I can seem myself in them!
Finally got around to installing hangers for our coffee cups -- and they are too close together!
Literally haven't done quiche the last 2 periods
"When you lose, don't lose the lesson". - Dalai Lama
Hugs and Mawh to all 3 of ya xxooxxoo !!!
... Happy Birthday!
More like #syraluse. get it? Go
went today, good food but very very very slow service. a quick lunch took 80 minutes.
good meeting mike. I like your idea - requires more research.
Now following you :-) Watch out....
catch some nice fish down there
Hey students, have a safe and wonderful Labor Day weekend! What are your plans?
Childhood is ruined. Go YouTube "Guy hung himself in Wizard of Oz" and there is a guy in the background hanging
the shop do it :) im gunna need your number girrl!
Thanks for joining us today! How did you like the webinar?
A sweet article, indeed… but "American Mozart"?
I keep sneezing for some unknown reason. I think I'm allergic to stress!
Sipping a tart-n-tangy Emerson this evening: 2 Old Tom gin, 1.5 sweet vermouth, 1 lime juice, 1/2 maraschino liqueur, shaken and served up!
Rose Out with a Torn ACL
1st solo road trip w/ babes - just us, Elmo & the open road & 94 snacks. All survived my driving on the highway, thank you God!
That would be good. I goofed up on posting tonight, but may have figured out what went wrong.
Today, if you hear His voice, do not harden your heart...
Ready to lose the weight for good? Now's a great time to save on the F7 Fold Away Gym- Learn About Our Special Offer!
Can u write. I'm thinking about holding a private seminar on putting together a book from start to finish. Email rshamar if ur int ...
I tan at work now..so I know I have tanning #problems #notgooood haa
hey haha he could have had Mrs. Quick
??? Pump the brakes man
idk I didn't get any messages back until two hours ago. So I didn't go.
awe that's depressing for your first day back :( but on the bright side did you get to see Justin at much?:D
We hope everyone had a great Weekend!
NYC ed struggles: Special education has been gutted.
late night song writing sessions >>> ...just me and music!
What did you find?
have you ever wanted to punch a computer in the face? i have.
Hello Teddy, Yesterday was good and today will be the same even though it short work days. :)
And His Rug Carpet Hair
It depends on the wx station. Some report to us every 2.5 seconds others report as slowly as every hour. The time is in the API
Well then I must have settled for very little, cuz I'm being stretched so thin. Ouch. Mercy!
thanks, you're the best motivator :) i want to hear all about Foxhollow tomorrow, that is so sweet!!!
What film did you end up seeing at ? The screening room is great!
#oomfNeedsTo realize how annoyed i am.
Truck Month is going strong!!! Please stop by and see all we have in store for you! #MelloyDodge 9621 Coors Blvd. Albuquerque, NM.
How are you feeling?
Ben Rothlisberger: Who Tim Tebow should play like on-the-field; Tim Tebow: Who Rothlisberger should play like off-the-field.
like I said , its hard xD
my ex liked to wake up to that. It was a short lived relationship.
You know you're on vacation when people are arguing over what day of the week it is.
Haha :) Okay okay I'm sorry my iPod is going so slow!!! :(
Thanks for the Weds Shout Out!!
We found love in a hopeless place...
its a dif between havin no choice an makin it yur choice#game face
Does anyone know if there'll be a CD of the #CMA #ChristmasSpecial? The songs were fantastic, love 2 know if they'll be available somewhere.
lol cheese? Only would say that
#10HoursWithMikeMurdock "The Quality of Your Life Is Completley Controlled By The People Around You."
I will be eager to hear more!
We're almost to the end of the #callingallwomen campaign! This is your chance to make an impact on women & girls by texting WOMEN to 50555
you should get autograph.
is it too late to plant some lilies of the valley?
i miss you <3 remember when we tweeted and Dmed everyday ? yeah i miss that more than you think <3
I just looked it up for you and HMV does have it for 7.99! XD
If I hear somebody else blame lack of promotion/relegation for our Olympic failure, I will throw up in my mouth.
Top Executive Recruiters Agree There Are Only Three True Job Interview Questions - Forbes
Ferguson "Arab spring may prove to be as potent in its consequences as French revolution, American revolution"
I just finished a 3.02 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
aww I miss you too! I was thinking about you the other day! Csnf ;) ha
Funny League of their own comes up cuz when we see that movie we say "it was hilarious when Lovitz was onscreen". Why not mor
Players only love you when they're playing. RT : Thunder only happens when its raining
Daddy is drinking alone and needs a victim. I see you
I am cheering for #Badgers over #Cuse on
RT : Every woman should try this self defense class out. And, for the kiddos - karate classes ..just $10 each!...
I broke up with tht player :( </3 like on sunday
Who did Macha not stick with?
Too late I grabbed the key's first.
[sarcasm] Andrew Luck went to Indy?! I had no idea he would be drafted first. I'm shocked. [/sarcasm]
Oh yes. I read one chapter of that once, but not the whole thing. On the list!
Ran Rock N Roll Half Marathon in New Orleans in 2:10!#BRINGTHEHEAT!!
I had the same problem. Now this damn little blue bird is all up in my iPhone's business.
they really do.
It's so hot
has the floor right now... seems like a fun app
Bad memories man..
When people prank call you <<<
Tell him the truth lol RT I love how u have nothing better to do and u still won't answer my calls
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 51
following you now buddy;-)
