Make-up tests and cleaning on the set of #Rising tonight. -JO
"Stop being so naive." -- What I wish I had said more often to adults when I was 6 years old.
Yes i hate you so much! You are on my V.I.P most Hated List. April Fools(;
finished THE FAULT IN OUR STARS by I would definitely recommend this book to anyone. It's not what you think. It's better
thanks girl you too!
RT : Whatsoever the mind has ordained for itself, it has achieved. Seneca
me too! I was over 2/3 done. So pissed. You think Gibbens will be ok with it?
I had to take the day off 2day, exhausted. No sense in pushing, save my energy to resist the temptation to blow up the irs building (a joke)
... a hello goodbye type
flush draw on flop last hand that bricked too obv
I NEED out of this house. I'm seriously going to blow a fuse.
Hanging out @ busboys & poets on 14th and U checking out a discussion about Ellis Haizlip and Mr. Soul. History, legacy.
Fantasy Baseball engaged. I will never be bored for the next 6 months.
This island is still an island for families. Why not think about joining us for Thanksgiving?
Been really productive today! But TGIF !
mines do I hate talkin n I cn barely eat
hey all
Just as I was typing my last tweet, an actual little bird alit on the fence post by my window and started actually tweeting at me.
Help fight for a cure!
GORA: "Bill is a seasoned leader and a skilled communicator."
Finn has no concept of "wait your turn"
This weekend is so needed
God is good! The apartments we wanted 2 look @ were full the lady said she might have somethin open up @ the end of the yr.....
Going to go get pizza for dinner n Birthday party tommorow
I'm sorry hun. Hope you got a little rest. At least there's chocolate......
I'm recording them cause I'm watching the all star stuff on tnt lol you?
Before bed last night my son said unless we had a ton of snow he preferred to go to school so summer break wouldn't be too short.
#FF still my best friend after 20 years.
YES THUNDERSTORMS YES YES YES
my sources tell me, if anybody cares about my sources, that he's staying.
Welcome to the office! We're happy to have you.
lol that's better! Thank you!
's mobile strategy - 1. Integrate mobile into everything we do -
Happy birthday from the usa, sexy(: ahaha. hope you had fun partying it up!
always a great way to start the day!
If u want to keep a secret u don't need any help!
It's a good word, and sadly too often ignored, even by academic economists.
You know what’s crazy? When you go to Ralphs and you find out that you’re at Vons.
"Excuse me while I kiss the sky." Jimi Hendrix. I love my birthday!
MY BROTHER JUST MOVE IN TOWN I GOT TO PUT HIM ON I GOT YOU BIG BRA!!!!!!!!
Just got home from NYC.
Shout out to #teamoffbalance getting ready to rock the 200 mile #RTBRelay - , follow and join the fun!
No I in threesome
“: lol...u stay too far” love has no boundaries baby lmao
Elle woods is my alter ego...
1 MORE DAY TILL YOU CAN PURCHASE #PutItDown ON ITUNES!!
At a conference at American U. Wearing a tie. Etc.
Monday = $1 tacos so get your gnom gnom and margarita on!
Beach Boys you're so old and cute and OLD
I've seen one episode of "Fringe." It freaked me out, so I suppose that's a good thing?
They're playing some kind of basketball themed game on Price is Right. I've never seen so many contestants on stage.
why am i so impatient ?
I don't think I've been to Thai Vegan. How does their Thai compare to the meat-bearing Thai places? I love lad nah and curry...
The 50 Best cars
The hunger games has to be the best movie.! I recommend you to go see.!
Wow what do you do when a 17yr old kid tals shit to you becasue he likes your 12yr old daughter
Just ordered 12 YO RedBreast Cask Strength Irish Whiskey and Rittenhouse Very Rare Straight Rye.Will be a good wkend if I get it before then
Black Friday is here! Avoid the crowds & purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at www.amazon.com or www.Clear2O.com!
sorry selling drugs && rappin' isn't for everyone
#SDSummit 'a no cost RFP' mentioned by did you govies hear that, and know you can do no cost rfps?
Finally the actress is here!!! Lets make a movie!
Around 98% of adults have reported that they have masturbated sometimes , and none of them have ever had hair on their palms.
So this morning clowned me at the golf course on live TV. I need redemption. What should be our next competition?
10 minutes stuck in phone tree that loops to finally trick it into giving me live person. They said "our system is down please call back.
Just saw a meteor fall around 280 in broad daylight! Incredible!
Today can suck it! I just wanna go play video games in my underwear...
Celebrating 4th of July with the family and remembering all those who sacrificed to give us a life of freedom
Smoova One Day Away..#"Foundation" Alleyway2Broadway. 1Moneyball......on the way..January 25th...
It's NFL Draft Day! We'll take a look at which Wisconsin players hope to hear their names, coming up at 5:40 a.m. on
Dear out of towners: Thank you for bringing the cold and rain with you! No, seriously. - Austin
that chick fill a hit the spot!
These hiccups are a fucking bitch.
#ColoradoRockies Todd Helton, now that's some good #facialhair!
Perhaps news insiders would know the answer of why the police kept the DART rail shooters name secret for so long.
Does anyone want to help me find Superman fortress of solidarity?
If eating were a sport, i'd be a 16-year world champion
Read the Bill of Rights and then arrange each right according to your own order of importance.
you will pay for putting that song into my head ;)
Just woke up. They delivered right to us from the nursery. This kid is such a shmoop.
Getting everything situated for Full Sail right now.
Yes. He has a little girl.
Hey Simon thanks for follow
Definitely. Just because Roy lives in Oregon doesn't mean he needs or drives a big truck! Lol.
Relisted some great items at www.TheArtPlant.com that were sold but will never "sell out"!
save the laces 4 last. they put up a good fight while yer shaking the life outta the shoe.
Awesome! RT : Getting things done for #techfair :) Can't wait to have come to
School's out!!!
Happy New Year! The Monster Mania Monster Truck show will be at the Lazy E Arena on Jan. 7&8! Lazye.com for more info! Pls RT!
And they lost to the worst team in the league
Incredible! Thank you.
Enjoying a Bloody Mary in a glass on the track at Daytona: #Schneidalicious!
So excited for tonight! Just wish I had a piece to wear... guess I'll wear my Gypsy05 "inspired" tie-dye scarf.
Looking forward to our #TEA - WEETS!
Ideally, the opt-in form is positioned above the fold. This means your visitor won't have to scroll the page to see the form.
That's how we feel every morning. Wouldn't start my day off any other way!
haha omg I freakin love coffee. Keeps me going :P an it taste so good :)
If you're not Alan Rickman or Gary Oldman you probably suck at playing villains.
April Game, ED of Art Pulse will be taping an interview for Jazz88 this afternoon
energy drink can be dangerous as drugs. Its increases ur heart rate, & if not cautious can have bad effects.
Just went on a re-tweeting rampage.
do not go to miflin.
or baggies full of coke
#Congress: “Please support #afterschool programs. I rely on quality, convenient, affordable #childcare.” –Jennifer E.
RT“: The Redskins just traded three #1 picks to move up to draft Anthony Davis.”
Hugely excited to see Angela Davis speak at !
Well, hopefully you might become friends with the McClains too
The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say �I
I was just thinking about how happy I was that this was our last monday....then I realized that wentzville sucks #yay #lastfullweekthough :)
i love u yr the best
oh yes ! Im counting down the days
Thanks for signing it please tell other's about this made by ME :D
When do you feel the most successful and alive? These times are characterized by your best and highest personal performance.
#vaforum12 illustrates the clever dating of the creation of Jefferson's book lists using purchase records & subsequent interlineations
A project just came up where I have to purposely create tacky, awful design - the worse, the better. This is going to be fun!
Never seen a S/A on a Homicide scene. Rare for a Police Chief to be on a Homicide scene. I was angry before. I am livid now.
Forget about the World Cup. Off to play in the Georgetown alumni soccer game against Notre Dame. :-)
Chris Mayer, people exiting #market despite spreads.
didn't get to lookup beer places for you. Go to a store and buy Southern Tier, esp the dark stuff
If you're Brad Friedel, do you trade 10 years of "Mr. Consistent" label for 3 years of "Best GK in World"? His bank acct likely takes former
it's 4:30 am in Minneapolis. UK and Aussie friends I understand, but why are so many of you US people awake? Do you ever sleep?
Ugh come on
man you guys need to shut the fuck up and let Coach Cal make that decision...
BURNINATE THE PEASANTS!
According to Twitter, Julianne Gamel isn't in the Brewers lineup tonight.
So in Game 1 #NJD scored 3 unanswered early, and held on to win 3-2...
If you aren't dating a softball player, you REALLY need to higher your standards.
Lmao... Too funny bt sry MONAE follows behind no one:-) #DEAD AS SERIOUS TWEET:-*
Welcome to all of my new fans!! Thanks for the follow! XOXO!!
Freaking out.
Ah -- It's 8:06 and I still need to get ready for work
I'm officially domestic...I just had my first garage sale.
Straight up! #KushCampers2012 RT : imma make smoke to all of songs lmao
Take the emotion out of action. Just start. It really is that simple.
TNG in the NYC! Details to come! Gonna be a busy summer!
Perkins needs to stay and run wind-sprints. Ugly. RT ": Thunder were 18-18 at line Perkins misses pair with :43 left.”
Join the Marines and at American Home on the corner of Menaul & Carlisle for the Toys for Tots drive. They've got doughnuts!
Just spilled my whole glass of wine in my bed...glad its white and not red
Hoping they never end up on the same job site!
don't go then!! Lol
Jimmy check out my website. I know your a music lover spread the word www.iBand.me
it happens
Just noticed that I now get 4G on my phone
Can't it's my "late" day but if you're in cc let me know and I'll stop by at lunch.
We are flashing the phoenix jones symbol... Where is he?
I swear she loves him I just wish he wasnt so stupid and childish though..
The classic way: my parents. Must be a lost tradition now... RT : How did you first learn how to cook?
I'm interested. Please dm me.
Last Exam and then summer begins!
follow back love
GOOD LUCK! Im sure you will do GREAT! I will be atending in spirit! Btw loved the dress & HEELS! :)
": Go NUGGETS!! Beat them Flakers! P.s Kiss DENVER'S ASS Kobe #go Nuggets" Not Tonight My Friend
Just bought my ticket for - Looks like a great line-up!
#ufprchat target is cleaner. It's my winner publicly. But secretly, I shop at WM since it's so cheap!! LOL
im doing the same
couldn't even find you before I left lmao
Whose on ? I'm a total addict and I admit it! Time wasting at it's best
Dogs in the thicket
Count me some bread made some paper cost of fabrics minks and gators bitch I'm ballin
FuckedYoGirlLastNight!! It only took a weak!!!
No Problem Bro
Lol get gone
So THAT'S why writers have so many cats -- we are gluttons for rejection.
Grandpa just made out a check to the ACLU. Whats next, gay marriage?
I don't think so lmao cuz everyone was all, "That guy never does his homework but passes all his tests!"
3 different guys play Hans in the 3 different mighty ducks movies. One of the world's great injustices
Go on a shoppin spree then try to fit everything in compact car.
Russell is not lying to u..its nat/lydia/kevin made up the lies to twist jeffs head..get it girl..
lol yea... Was just watching "when keeping it real goes wrong" wu-tang!
Thanks for the RT. Much appreciated
Hey Guess what Santa brought us ?
I love crepes! :)
#StopTheLinsanity...yeah, that's better
I'm looking foward to this update :)
PBI will be there. Are you going? Great attendance in the past few years.
Fuck you I've now watched the Redband TED trailer like 10 times.
It smells like bananas in here.
No! Say it aint so! RT : Latest model suggests that the system for Tue/Wed has the potential to be a Major Winter Storm for MN.
great show, have some pics for you.
Can I say how much I love your ongoing convo about stuffed browns? Are you scarfing them down this morning?
oh I see awesome!!!!
Ok let's try it again. Just remember what God has for 1426 it's for 1426. There are great things in the works. Love you mean it!
no comment
RT : any word on that CP126 yet? // No word. Our guess is we probably aren't going to see any more of them.
This weekend only Buy one Get one free for Two Trains Running at Penumbra Theatre in MN
And she's watching porn in front of me. Ladies and gentlemen get ready for live tweeting straight from SOC2001
Riding in Muses! Float 19, Driver side, 1st rider...look for me!!
Checked out my soon-to-be new hood and discovered I'm living near a 7-Eleven!
Watch depressing foreign film for class, or Shaun the Sheep eps? Shaun the Sheep. See earlier tweet about maturity.
I THREW YOUR SHIT INTO A BAG AND PUSHED IT DOWN THE STAIRS
Large crowd at BCLT's Orphan Works Symposium in Berkeley, commencing right now
New classes tomorrow morning starting @ 5:45 am Come join me!
Morning World...Thank the Lord, Keep It Real, & Get Money (In That Exact Order)
Taxpayer excludes 52% of the adult population too if we are speaking about income rather than sales taxes that kids pay too.
Did you watch it?
Lmao right! RT : let him know! I damn sure don't want no light skin nigga
Awesome, Monica! Hope you enjoyed them all! :)
I don't know. But chewing with your mouth open is rude. Being a dog is no excuse.
i rly cant wait for the olympics ok
Thank you for the retweet love for the show at Linneman's in
yo this grillmaster steve the truck wont be out today but you can allways stop by pops on decatur and alta to get that great cheesesteak
About to start Committee on Education meeting. Tweet us your suggestions.
Everyone doesn't deserve a front row seat in ur
We have lost a family member my nephew Eric Mark Stovall. (Spade)Team Assassin... R.I.P. Spade. I love and miss u always..My heart is b ...
well looks like someone forgot to call me
The Governor and other key stadium players hold press conf two and a half hours from now. Will he throw on the jersey again? Horns?
super ridiculous
ravens get ready bc tom brady will be smokin dat purpp al day
Please tell me is the slutty bartender tonight!
Huge win for Gingrich in South Carolina. Romney 2nd. Santorum and Paul battling for 3rd.
first it'z facebook thugg'n now it'z twitter jack'n Lmao yall trip me out
Are you feeling better these days?
"I don't need jail to be behind bars" our culture in one statement Wow...
got daddy's lambo :-)
check out the Miles Davis stamp at the United Stated Post Office. it is simple awesome!
I'm just trying to stay calm and prep for my gig tonight, but every time I think about I just get pissed.
Where the fuck has been?!?! D:
do you see a man who love you here?! Waiting you here?! Huh?! Do you see him?!
we're just starting right now. We will have a website up soon with all the merch.
lol i got that too
At American Meteorological Conference in New Orleans. Listening to all different professionals in the weather field talk on their research.
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking – “Second, Pretend you are just chatting with a group of friends.”
Its getting close to #MLB post-season time, read about all your fav. MLB teams here- USSportspages.com
oh please haha a dollar won't kill you! And if I'm on register I can just get you a drink
Hey, thanks for the porn star joke RT. I don't think anyone got it.
Double header...
Attn all runners, stop by the Diversey Harbor water stop tmrw morning btwn 6-10am to learn more about the JPA 5k and to grab a cool drink!
Why is everything scaring me tonight. So not cool.
Sandra's new nickname is casp. Short for casper. Due to her having whiter legs than that guy in the movie powder
Thanks for the RT!
I didn't know that "Breaking Bad" was a landscape choice.
your welcome
Working on a cover of Only Hope by Switchfoot
I think that is a FANTASTIC idea sir. Hope to see you soon.
Touche! But I'm still waiting for them to sign a free agent QB. It's inevitable.
On second thought, maybe it would be better if you could send me an image of the layout of the card itself.
yes! We're good. Thanks.
I can't believe you're cheating on Target like that....
that sounds amazing!
What ever happen to r& b..... Like new jack swing... GUY.... That was a group
is there another addy that's better?
oh man!!
Since Romney is so concerned about debt and spending, will he forego his salary and benefits if elected?
On live with the amazing writer Etgar Keret - www.radiokolamerica.com
Freedom to be exploited? The race to the bottom continues...
Famous Case is playing at the Whisky with Dr. Acula on Feb 14, 2012! Tickets at $10! Join us!
Omg freaking whores need to stop following me cause I'm definitely not going to follow a whore back
he wrong af for that dude
Me n dariuses conversations .:-) funny ass hell
Chiptune music is the best!! :D
I can't believe that after my last tweet, so many of you actually sent me random questions to answer.
Love you love
Cool I think I always did Mario. (:
put the team on his back tho!
girls want a lot of things from one guy, while guys want one thing from alot of girls.
WHAT no way. Omg we have perfect conditions even when its snowing outside!!!oneoneone
Rough start to the season but much better lately.
yo, tighten up; I said I RARELY give insults, not never!
STFU BITCHASS. and tell mama desantis to stop calling me a pedo and go to the gym.
well like I need to cut like a whole minute or so out of a track video someone took on my phone bc they started early lol..
Thanks for all the assistance on scene tonight on I-85. Tough one.
See you there? Who all is going?
Gorgeous day today in Mia! Juggling meetings and play dates..
is praying for peace and justice for the family of #TrayvonMartin - violation against one, is a violation against all.
# Shout Out To You.
Don't tell me that you love me then gone ahead & leave me.
Sandwich of the week sounds so amazing, I'm inspired to get dinner there tonight. Need Shrimp Po Boy in my life (and belly).
group says OK to openly share very rough start at a data citation lifecycle from group V at
has a tendency to stutter his 'm's', so it will be a challenge as he's congratulating me on being a m-m-m-m-millionaire.
I followed too many int'l policy wonks and now I can't understand a damn thing anyone's saying on my twitter feed.
Love doesn't make the world go 'round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile. Franklin P. Jones
Man, zinc lozenges make everything taste nah-stee.
we believe they are the best sneakers to ever be released in the history of life so we fein for em
i was picturing duck hunting in the library - row of ducks like at the carnival.
“: Dave is right tho, cheens are very appreciative...” swear bro
ONE MORE MINUET!!
His phone calls > your phone calls.
I sent my brother a 124 word text. One word at a time. Cause he has to pay for each text, and he owes me money. Assholish runs in the family
That video behind Pitbull looks like a WWE wrestler entrance video
Belichick's 4th down gamble, gutsy or nutsy? I'm going w/ gutsy, I thought showed confidence in offense to get 2 yds and defense to hold.
me neither...just saying 💃
Relationships are like peeing in the pool. It feels good while your doing it but do you really want to stay in it?
At the semi conductor conference... Wow. This stuff is way over my head.
Two finals today, but I'm up with a lot on my mind.
Every time I get a hair cut, it gets an inch or so shorter. There is NO way anyone at my school thinks I'm straight. .-.
Oh no way! That's awesome! What will it be?
Thanks for the retweet. Neat chart, huh? No, I'm not thinking of buying a Kindle ;-)
Bout to make some coffee, read these sales books, and study this script!!
A male radical feminist, eh. You're awesome in my book, ! Love, , aka :)
nice...you are winning!
Looking forward to #NCIS night!!!
"why are you up so early?" "because I have children." overheard at il caffe latte in Harlem. Gotta love that energy
This is a great point. I was being nice. Nice doesn't work a lot of the time. q:
RT : "Story is geologically unstable. May shift at any moment." > Love this. :)
Spot trending now in West Hollywood, CA: Yogurt Stop - Dessert (live updates)
They will fake it til they make it. U kno lie to kick it...
:3 I love you too baby<33(:
You're most welcome. Thanks, I hope you're having a great one!
Thanks For the
I NEED to post a damn video on youtube. what the hell is wrong with me.
Getting excited about summer weekends up the Hudson River valley. Vacation-planning: distraction or motivator?
- Actions Speak Louder Than Words ...
On my way to King of Pressia Mall in PA...Coming home today.
Its funny i was at school for three hours today and i wasnt even in trouble!!!
YAY!!! RT : Just finished 's glorious LAURA LAMONT'S LIFE IN PICTURES. What a wonderful treat of a book.
aww! im so happy for you =) i wanna hear more about this boy
's Sagna just had the nicest cross I've seen in a while... not a bad finish either.
I'd purchase a "Scott Aukerman's Living Room Furniture is a Fucking Piece of Shit World Tour 2011" shirt.
4g kills the battery, switching to 3g for now haha
Nice quick run, hopefully that'll be one of many.
please follow us we have a music day camp starting in June for children 8-12
FUCK Oak lawn! If I Ever See Those Kids Again Their In For Some Shit!
Karma is kickin me all up :/
#shitfangirlssay "I am not a whore.. "
Ima work out on the daily, starting tonight (;
Your the reason we fell off tho .
I'll definitely look for it.
If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge
Yeah, if you like industrial noise with zero headnod factor
he should build a photo sharing app and sell it to Facebook.
through the school system
lebrick James will get the ball
Will find the Higgs before we do? We'll find out today...
Told my students today to not depend on their teachers ... to depend on themselves, long term.
PickUpLine: Hey, kitten. How about spending one of your nine lives with me?
So very jealous of and wish I was joining him for the game tomorrow... It's gonna be so sweet!!!
1/2 price bottle wine EVERY wednesday at Fuse!
hey Bo - sitting at SFFS, just now, saw your name on the screen & said that name is really familiar.. Long time since ft pt!
You have undeniable heart!
Just now this occurs to you? I've been acting on this basis for years. Best not to have them in the first place.
As much as I try to keep tradition, the band breaks it. Bulls up? How do you lift a bull above your head? Play your instruments and shut up
i wish i can come and give you a big directioner hug to make you feel better!! <3
oh no!! (that must've been hilarious though)
It would be easier if you drew eyes on your tits...LOL
NO MY BABY!!!! (aka my ipod)
I want to be a child again when we only loved candy, cried because of wounded knee and wished for another toy.
Cleaning in sports bra and yoga pants >
Just travel safely. :-)
Just bought two pair of shoes.....combined price $800....am I losing my sanity???
movie was dull & didn't really address the philosophy IMO.
Happy Birthday!!
But we suspect they visit websites more on iPads than Kindle. Does Nook split the UI difference?
Villaraigosa grumping about applause dragging out the meeting. Good thing it didn't start 23 minutes late...oh, wait...
Show us your independent artists!
If ur carrying a big cardboard cutout of sam adams around a beer fest.. i hate to say douchebag... but if the shoe fits..
you are very good trent
I try to keep things rocking' here in my own corner of #dayofdh land ...
Every time someone Non-Mexican says Happy Cynco De Mayo a Taco Belle worker dies!
Updating everything!
so excited! Class w Ariane Price Thursday morning and show that night! Amazing
I heard Blue Springs South students sing it at the football state championship
Call your detox order in for a nice deep discount! This is good through the end of February!
Some diabetes, cholesterol or blood pressure meds may deplete you of Coenzyme Q-10, causing fatigue, pain & risk of heart disease.
Remember, you can earn more money, but when time is spent it is gone forever.— ZIG ZIGLAR
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime.
“: Oh how i LOVE she speaks the truth.”
omg that would be cool if they draw one for u, are you gonna take a pic I'm gonna ask them to draw a smiley on my Belly
that tweet is a little... odd.
hey there Jenn. Thanks for the follow. Check us out if you'd like :-)
nobody cares
Another beautiful day in Sunny south Florida. Make sure to follow us on Facebook participate in our Summer Sweepstake.
FINALLY! a sack....uhuuhu huu he said, sack...
I've never changed my twitter name
1- im tell you the rest after you tell me ;D
Man I'm addicted to this game ,life is crime on my phone
Flynn to Seattle, Peyton to Denver and Garrard to Miami. One of this just does not fit.
Go Ducks!!!! And while you're at it: let's hit that over as well
@ The Movie Tavern with baby trying to enjoy the night about to watch Colombiana hope its good she really looking forward to seeing it
Your film looks really interesting. I'm glad you were able to get the interview with her! Will be sure to spread the word!
Don't wait to get started
4 more sleeps until wooohooooo horses and sundresses and hats and mimosas, oh my w/
El Anatsui, "I think my work has principally been about change."
Bluey Robinson- #ComingBack! Hope u lot are well! :)
I'd say Peyton has to be in a pretty complicated psych state right now. Little bro surpasses him, as he stares at retirement...
Forever 21, I really love you <3
Look at the future not the past.
I saw that. Thanks. Email is out
Good Vin! Sorry, wasnt sure if that tweet was for me. Been on DL for a while havin kids. You guys back in Dallas after EUR?
I done said enough that was on my mind for the night, finna hit the tub nd talk to him til i fall asleep !
I feel like I would like doing parkour if I didn't like maintaining the structural integrity of my body so much.
Something satisfying about seeing the team punished for illegal behavior ruining the season of the team that wasn't punished
Ugh, work. Am I right?
DM us with your issue and contact info. Thanks!
what disgrace! I haven't followed you back yet. I'm a horrible friend! Done!
U kno u had a good workout when ur whole body hurts 2 days later
Terrie, this time he tweeted darkened by shadows
Got some new things coming in this next week <3 <3 Stay tuned ;)
Briggs J rules in Pirtek (UK) v. Joinplace case concerning validity of restrictive covenant in a franchise agreement: [2010] EWHC 1641 (Ch).
Check out Google's homepage if you haven't already, it's awesome!
I don't know how I would get out there.
GMGM on Hunter: "Family comes first."
The big day could be as soon as tomorrow! Are you ready?
Werkkk! Come visit and buy stuff from me ^_^
Gonna be training out Germantown tonight.
I really can't wait for school to be over already ugh
just finished an entry for the Cannes Lions young directors competition we can't release it yet but trust me - it's good stuff!
I saw #Babygirl. Very good movie. Solid acting, interesting premise/story, good production values. I'd reccomend!
Damn everyone in OKC must be at that game
I hear ya
friend : GURL I GET TWITTER FOLLOWERS LIKE I GET MONEY! me: so you only get 1 follower a day? u said u get followers like u get money
We appreciate your support!
you sounded so convincing though.:P
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 21
all that matters is: does it get the quinoa clean?
hahahah..yeah, they have the buffalo roaming around right next to the place too..LOL...i hear they taste good too
My money straighter than a mufuxkin perm bitch !
First green screen test done yesterday... now lets see what we have in post.
Shooting a music vid for Eva Simons.. I wish I could take pictures...
RT : The Oregonian Newspaper is very boring bc the editor fails to report all the neg news on Obama, they are losing rea ...
yo go follow my girl
well you should.
ok. I already have two guys in mind so my pick will come in rather quickly
Thank YOU to all who've been stopping in and calling in response to our #freezerfund per my FB post! I love you! Feel like Jimmy Stewart! :)
can I get the tee's nd the VIP...me nd my friens our big fans of OFWGKTA
If you would like to place an ad in the Father's Day Celebration program book, email us a
My Story
Dear bed, I know that I left you this morning, but I love you. Take me back?
Call & get it renewed?
Well, that's different. Just learned about Dick Clark's death via Pinterest.
That thing where you are thinking about something all day long but not ready to share.
Good morning and Happy New Year! Any hares out there today?
Abt to go home in a min...
o must be really prettyy
Amazing Spring Sale in my shop! Miniature Tile Earrings are $3 off! Http://ShrunkenCatHeads.ETSY.com
IDK what day yet they will have to tell me & then I will tell U :)
Lady Antebellum! At last.
NBA Lovers - The Orlando Magic is hosting the Chicago Bulls today at the Amway Center. Call us now to buy your tickets: 888-493-0004
let us know if you find a good one!
i never go haha and same here...i have flash cards made for all of them but i havent memorized many...and i have half my essay
Good job at Sac. Ty that was a good easy game. I bet your happy that Gallo and Kofus are gonna be with you once again.
Worst gpa of my life last semester...I'm an idiot.
Good work!
I'm still laughing at Five Guys
Thanks! So far I am demolishing a bunch of job-related busywork - then on to the desk/inbox organization!
Start to verify
haha what was it
It would seem if one schedules a 3 hour meeting called "plan of the day" that the day has already been mostly planned.
Thanks for the inclusion!
Lots of YUM (including beer ice cream!) Will be on website in next 24hrs. No Pallookaville - Nothing wheeled allowed in Park.
omg Belz marry me
yeah. Jose or w/e didn't know what the hell to do. "I'm not American and what is this?"
fun day out of the office!
RT : Good things come to those who pray.
The loudest thing I can hear is the silence and it's killing me inside.
Returning from the Apple Genius Bar. Looks like my iBook may need to be replaced.
Falsetto - the dream ❤
I'm one of the baddest muthafuckas of all time
Absolutely. Pass on that info! Thanks!
The fact I can't see u like others makes me ant to cry the fact u ont look at me like that girl u love kills me ...
what time?
i love your picture:)
It makes me so incredibly angry to have paid for an e-subscription only to be confronted with a Mensa puzzle to activate it. I want $ back!
if you guys back loaded, you could eat all the shit you wanted and lose weight AND gain mass.
Night. Work tomorrow! Eek!
DUKE going down!!!!
My princess just came in the living room and started shuffling. Lol She's so silly.
Consistency and Perservance!! .. Thats my talent!
i swear I do stop playin wit me
I have no people that I'm good enough friends with to sit at lunch with
When I started listening to One Direction, my grades also went One Direction and it wasn't up.
Well that was disappointing. #survivor hope sophie wins cse tho none of 3 remaining deserve it
>>>MLM News! SereniGy( New Company Listing )
I respectfully disagree.
I'm Gone 414 Damage Mode GFB It's Problems Hoe
Congratulations again, have fun and good luck!
:o where is that??
but to be clear, long term, sustainable engagement requires meaningful rewards (which is subjective)
Teen choice awards soon!
I have invented a new shot, I'm calling it a skulldragon. Fireball Cinnamon Whiskey, Southern Comfort Pepper, and Absolut Peppar Vodka.
Perhaps your 53 followers can throw you a raucous pity party.
omfg! I don't even want to see it! :L <3
your nose looks so beautiful and natural!!!! My dad did an amazing job! hope all is well gorgeous!! xo
And that reaction would be different if the other side won? The games of politics makes me sad.
thanks for the RT. Cheers!
There was that scene where she was leaning over Klaus in the coffin (who was still Klaus at the time). I believe then.
I'm watching the women's world cup! Berlin looks like they have done an amazing job.
but hopefully will pick up other great CDs from your store. Still waiting on Adam Lamberts next CD to come out
If u not on it - it will get on u
sorry guys meant #28. Still let's go Ryan you can do this.
Now that my eyes are drooping and my head is aching... Time to go read more "A Feast For Crows"!
RT : Happy I got to meet & & Kate Quinn today. Had so much fun at Sex, Lies, History talk!
no im from los angeles
If someone will give me a dollar or 50 cents, make my day.
thats wasdup. Nothing much laying down about to go to sleep
Looking forward to my monthly #First #Writes meeting today, with my fellow #authors and #writers in
#NP Ready-Frank Ocean I love this song
"Hey, Trotsky, you're in advertising" Peggy shakes down Roger
What goes better with tortilla chips: queso or salsa? Settle the argument today on Tortilla Chip Day with a bag of 7-Select Tortilla Chips!
or it could be like i never existed, thats cool too.
UHM I'M SEEING THE MAINE TOMORROW
Man it's super dope though...And you turned it around in like an hour?
When you read a tweet that wasn't ment for you, & you fel like you walked in on people arguing.
only 6.5 more hours! Two sick openers tonight!
yep couple of times
Cant believe its been 2 years since i saw MWK in Tulsa! Such an awesome show and memories!
On a budget? Call us 877-879-1809 and see what we can do for you.
I'll join you :)
Ah, In N Out i envy you! xD
You all ready know bro! RT : America got a thing for this gangsta shit
Tech Writer and Internal Communication job, Sapient - Job Lagao
. demo day this afternoon in SF. We'll see what one of the top incubators in the US is hatching cc
I don't see sleep in my future
axel foley... And to hear Eddie Murphy tell some funny ass jokes.
#22ndTaughtMe all about the "Walk of Shame" Walk of shame ? Elaborate
I pretty much have to cross my eyes to get it right.
Dropped at work and gettin ready for my shift- it's rough bc I miss him- So, I'll just be lookin forward to tonight!
plone.api is being born. the best part is I don't have to help because they already know how they want to write Plone code. /me is so proud!
There is this kid that looks exactly like justin bieber but with different color eyes hellp me! He is so... Cute! ;D
I really don't think I misuse English!
Amen (Feat. Drake & Jeremih) | Meek Mill #DreamChasers2 >>>
Presentation. Cable issues.
Savoring this glorious, long-awaited heat at last. Resting up for big week ahead, NYC trip x2.
"Dukes of Hazzard" Party featuring Kelbe as Daisy Duke! Complimentary hot dogs, corndogs and coleslaw and free Cherry Moonshine shooters
Thanks RT: ihelpnonprofits: Thanks, same to you. Looking forward to your #nonprofit & #fundraising tweets.
Donut friday on my last day at #chiat/day? Awww, you shouldn't have...
Luv ur site and ur quotes! Absolutely motivating! Hope had Awesome Christmas! Hav a Fantastic New Year!
no, when I follwed it thinkin it was u it dm'd me saying : tell ur follwers to follow my acc.
Happy bday to my fav smoke a pound...
Thanks for following! , , ,
listening to Telephone! Great band!
ENKG... STOCK OF THE YEAR
We are fighting a hacker. Have been down for 4 hours or so on some of our apps. Working to block the hacker. Thank you for your patience.
Today its' Bird Rock Coffee Shop in LaJolla CA. If you see me I will buy you a cup of Coffee.
Our pleasure and thank you for following back!
My friend told me about C.P.K Butter Cake.. Its unreal..
We got it good Kim!!
pj! are you back in la?
Time to get creative at SheaMoí Naturelle!
Yeah I don't buy that either, unless he starts to like coming off the bench. CHI seems more likely to me than any other place
Not lukin forward 4 my 6 to 9 class.. It feels 2 long evn when I'm wide awake smh. It's gonna b a long day
The security here in movies 10 is crazy!!!
live episode tonight! cool!
#86 | Because it's time to show the world what art is really about and how creative we can be when not controlled by the ...
#Blues' #Barret #Jackman activated
thank you!
My Mondays not complete without #castle come on September
#UConn vs #ND A lot of back door plays. Is it good passing or bad defense?
Ashlee Simpson is my favorite Simpson. :)
« When things don't turn out the way you planned it, don't stress over it, remind yourself that that's how they should be.»
it's never increasing!! We keep playing 99 and 100! Lame!
Great lunch sponsored by
Dear Mom and Dad, I'm still not a fan of turducken. Let's ham it up next year por favor.
jonanamary Good LORD that's good
“: I can't believe my Spanish teacher, who can't speak Spanish, gave me a B" It's bc she Be Jealous 😝 you deserve an A!!!
Getting ready for maxim kentucky derby event
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 8
": I'm smoking the loud the loud the loud in my voice" VIDEO SHOOT FOR THAT SONG TONIGHT AT
Coming soon: Good news for people who can't be by their radios (or internet streams) on Saturday nights! More info coming soon!
Sup tweeps! will have his day in court 2morrow at 9 a.m. charged w/trespassing for wearing his hat to the back!
Getting sentenced on Monday. This should be fun.
haha, wearing some green ;-) Besides if they do pinch, I'll slap'em lol
RT : Today in Jewish History (1808) Bdate Sir Francis Goldsmid, Britain's 1st Jewish barrister (& Jewish civil rights champion)
RT if u think and are HOT (I EXPECT EVERYONE TO RT THIS lmao)
Rather than enjoying a day in the park I am post carding. Maybe I'll take a break at the batting cage and work off some frustration.
Ultimate Frisbee tonight was so perfect. Makes me feel a little better about the new cleats I just ordered.
Tonight the moon is 14% bigger and 30% brighter. Will people act 14-30% crazier?
u just ate 5 donuts know u want chicken and waffles
Winners take time to relish their work, knowing that scaling the mountain is what makes the view from the top so exhilarating - Denis Waitle
it was a clean albeit rough hit. and he didn't get injured - just knocked the wind out.
Going to do some shopping
Follow us for update on The Adamouski international art competition begginning at the end of February! theadamouski.blogspot.com
humility is the foundation of all virtues
thanks, all!
I'm so tired #ahh need sleep
Muscle man of technology is in the house - talking hi-tech horses for Del Mar!! He's on at 7:40 this morning!
Follow to help him get to 200,000 followers so that he'll release a never before heard song!! Please?
singing Sexting out loud to the school! :D
oh they've got those too!
RT Chandrasekhar (HR Head, IBM) says the biggest trend for leadership and developing leaders is how to use org social networks
GA!!!!! Back to where this all began!
Like I said unnecessary!!!!.
haha oh my gosh! Okay Aimee
And straight teeth :3
Time flies. It seems like not long ago we were on spring break together, now your own kids are at school...
How is everyone enjoying the Spring Semester? Let us know what you are learning about social media!
I applaud for taking a stand for marriage equality today! Thank you!!
(IMHO, Greece should have left eurozone last Summer).
thanks! You're going to LOVE the new version of the stats page that we're building up. Actionable analytics is our thing.
Tired of working on the same old game? Put VonChurch to work for you.
gl mike hang in there,,,,
Am I first to tweet about your red carpet encounter with the dictator?
's Jonathan Carson reveals great data/insights on changing app landscape, top apps, time spent on top apps.
R.I.P. Whitney Houston!! Such a shame... She had so much talent!!!!
So interesting how you get to know a person in a class and then they're TOTALLY different in a social setting.
RT : First Date If you've ever been on a first date- see it. If you've never been on a first date- it'll prepare you
its all about my boy !!! #teambringit, even tho were sittin next to the lord come Wrestlemania lol
WHATS UP PEOPLE?
Found a picked-over flower arrangement at my local Jewels. Win!
another thought on lanyards, we decided everyone probably has 4-5 lying around, so we're trying lanyard reuse policy
With a BOW AND ARROW. I said BOW AND ARROW! Just because your mind is in the gutter...
Can't believe the LA show sold out so quickly! Will be there with !
I know this is obviously(?!) a coincidence but FIFA president Sepp Blatter has bought a $125 million villa in Italy today!!
No, whoever wins the Colorado/Arizona games gets an automatic bid. It appears that team would take UW's spot.
For every action, there's a reaction.
Our family has grown! We welcome new agents to AR Jamie, Kennedy, Jasmine, Evelina, Robert and Gina.
hahaha Jesus. He wasn't throwin any back with us?
uggg i just woke up in the wrong side of the bed im very cranky ugggg
we totally see why the anubis photo brought that to mind!
This alone time feels so good. I should do this more often
woah, congrats! Want to hear about the new gig. And DC is a worthy trip my friend!
i know. how embarrassing. lol.
Co-Main Event just announced for Feb. 11 at the Patriot Center - Michael "No Joke" Stewart vs. Joe Wyatt for the WBU welterweight title.
June 6th back to back episodes until then I just read his tweets
In with the old and in with the old.
just got dis track listened... stressed and tired....workin don stop 24/7 is how I do it... wake up do it all over again
Seeing a poster for Carmen Sandiego reminds me of a constant question from my childhood. Who was her fence?
I swear I be actin like a old lady
Back by popular demand, Reggae-Ritas (sponsored by ) will be available all weekend long for $5 and u can keep the glass!
New Year=New Me. Who am I kiddin? Im still gonna be loving the same guy who doesn't love me back. im no longer that girl!! :)
<<<<<now following
Congratulations to George, all of the musicians in the orchestra, the composers, and soloists tonight. What a fantastic concert.
Ok I'm dun #TeamHeat jack!! We see whoever in the #Finals bring that shit
I luv it when Tuesdays go by fast.
I was singing Strip today and my teacher comes up from behind me and shouts "WHAT!?" I think she heard the whole thing... x3
You must fear and respect the elbows of the Senegalese Slayer.
Just came back in from a nice walk with my son and mother. It's so beautiful outside today. Spring is here and it time to whip out bbq grill
RT : Oh, goodie, is staying on for a few extra minutes to talk new film which shows murdering...
The nigga Harden still got your favorite Granddad's mouth doe
Welcome to all our new followers & thank you to everyone who gave to the #vaumc conference offering. As of Tues dinner, $108,500 collected.
On the grind! Let us know if you need a print quote.
Meeeeeh seen an absolutely perfect dress for like £150, reduced from £500 for prom and my mom won't buy me it. Karen, IT'S A FUCKING BARGAIN
Overslept this morning. Let me take my ass to work! Lol. Luckily for me I don't work for petty mf's ;)
Anyone ever use a respiratory endurance trainer, like a spirotiger or similar? Thoughts? cc , ,
I have the house to myself this weekend. Lots of #WPDev to be done.
Baseball: Lake Oswego takes 4-0 lead behind Reid Penney's two-run double, Max Gabriel's RBI single in 2nd inning over Canby
Are you going to be tweeting #SOTU?
It's not totally populated yet. Marilyn (spouse) isn't in it yet.
NOMMM. That makes me want to go to Walgreens and buy all their leftover Easter candy.
wait "baby moon" is that like a honey moon? Did you have the baby?!
It's hard to open up to someone, when they can't open up to you
haha...that is so gross, but so funny
I lOVE ladybugs! They eat pests in my garden. 🌻
My fruit gives me some major chills
Saw a 3' snake just off the sidewalk on my lunchtime walk. Definitely discourages me from such activity.
Seems fair to me!!
one week till living directly on South St. Looking forward to it!
not so fast medical emergency right now with 1.6 to go in ot lakeland ball when we resume.
I will find humor in my everyday life by looking for people I can laugh at.
it is fine that you are mad at the people hating on you, but the word retard is offensive to say.
Paired black leggings with a Paris chic graphic tee and cozy knit camel sweater to walk to the coffee shop
Don't rush things... You might miss something good...<3
if i was a boy and you were a girl i'd love you so damn hard it'd make your hair curl.
Love, love, love lilacs. I need to plant my own!!!
Who went to see the vs Justin Vernon Show over the weekend? Reviews please!!
Woo! Getting followed Mr. Bunnell is a geek honor. I mean that in a completely honest and non-pejorative way :)
#IthinkMrsFryis Elvis Presley
Tony Bennett followed by Ella Fitzgerald. Got hippified w/ Dave Matthews Band then will bring SexyBack w/ JT.
Replaced the motor. Replaced the exhaust. Replaced the brakes. Starter exploded. Tranny next? Is it time to replace the whole darn thing.
Yes, that's it. I have an old Little League batting helmet for you. Double flaps, kiddo. I think you need them.
And this stuffy sniffly nose came from where exactly...? No. Not acceptable
shut up ..
Those 9 plus a traditional season finale type episode that transitions into the movie would be amazing.
My 6 year old put a 10 year old to sleep via RNC. Was I wrong to jump up and give a fist pump ???? Kids dad next to me thought so ...hahaha
Weekend WWE Schedule – Five Live Events, Next Week&#39;s TVs ...
GET OFF THE ROAD. just kidding. I love you girl :)
Work ethic know no limits!
Excited to share my Richmond slave cemetery project w Law & Humanities Wkshp , Mon. 4/16 at noon. Lunch provided :) Lmk if interested
Follow me this sexy Saturday@ lockland bar grill 713 Wyoming. We goin in that 1 way. Exotic entertainment all nite
Aw thanks :) you do know that you also make me really happy when ever you say that you love me and you show it !*)
I really like that I got up at nine today just to shower and go read outside for hours. Summer makes me happy.
I think the teachers who have changed my life deserve a good salary
I hope you feel better :)
RT Getting humanities into social data. Where is the DIY of Big Data happening?
I made you my everything and I was your nothing..
I want to wish all the moms out there a Happy Mother's Day! Especially to the one who put up with me. Love you Martha Jimenez.
Success is 99% attitude and 1% aptitude.
Looking forward to the Chili Cook Off! Great way to spend a Saturday!!!
GET ME OUT OF THIS CAR
I would like to come an break it down in your town!!
Damn I'm ripping Lexi so bad.
Got nerdy excited at seeing a test run of the metro expo line tonight at Jefferson and Fig
Love life. Love the people in your life. Live how you want. Never give up on your dreams, they are all you got.
This AC is finna put me under!
I Feel Like Working Out.
auto tune that shit
I spent the entire day politicking today. More people should endeavour in that field. It can be a very selfless act.
Tell anthony to shut the fuck up. Also. Go dl the screwed and chopped remix of the whole album Nd listen not sober. So tight.
As a former handler, from 1-10, rate how upset you get when Ralphie gets referred to as "HE."
I've decided. I want a Range Rover.
"People like to talk about themselves." Well, from my standpoint, it's the topic I know the most about.
hell yes!
Did your big poster get there yet?
that sucks I will yell twice as loud, doubt it will make up for your not being there but I will try
Happy Tuesday!! Say hello to someone new today!!
Passing thru Elkhart, IN. Shocked and saddened to see the RV Hall of Fame boarded up. So much for our anniversary plans...
Life's a bitch, so die for her.
Can someone tell me why #Soyuz is not trending? ? :)
uhh i dunooo. What about tomorrow afternoon/night?
I hope takes this as a compliment when people say he is having a Piers Morgan personality.
man liq goes perfectly with a cigar. May have to cop me one on the way home. Lol
That tupac hologram video is insane. It's crazy how technology can do that.
: ”what? No Story of Self? Who does he think he is?”
Great location for sign Now on to my torta!
The Wolves take on the Kings TONIGHT at the Target Center - and we've got great seats! Check 'em out!
I invented a new golf ball that will automatically go in the hole if it comes within 4in of it. DO NOT carry it in your back pocket!
I love putting them on after and look forward to it so much.
it wouldnt have to be that long cuz you're short
back, triceps and abs....bring on the summertime bikini!!
yo can u reserve some seats at the talented show from Knotorized Ent/Big Play Ent and some A&R's
United airlines continues to be the worst airline EVER. Nothing but trouble when i fly it.
You gotta do it like this....YUCK!
ok i think i have a pic
If only you saw what I could see...
Out here in Dallas for bar fights, it's packed!
is everybody ready!??
Well....no GON for me this year, oh well theres always next year :)
Welcome to the fold...
Have "they" uttered all kinds of evil against you falsely? Don't despair: you are the ones the world needs!
Thx RT : Happy for it to be friday! #FF ,
Knock Out Time Since…
Hi sweetie! So happy to see you here on Twitter. <3
it's different, but it's awesome! And the German people are just awesome! :)
5 RT's i will tell some stuff about my self.
Well alrighty then... Nice!
Dear gangster, if you pulled your pants up a little bit, you could probably run from the cops faster.
any graphic designers want to help me by creating a logo for me? I have no $$ due to unemployment, but can knit you something in trade. Thx
Make foreplay an all day thing. Kiss your partner throughout the day. Touch, hug, caress, etc.
“: when we gonna kick it loser” Idk , I'm grounded right now /:
Surprise night put with and
ewww. I don't want to know what that means...
she was like what? Are you serious? And I was like yupp ;)
Jenn Wasner and Erika Wennerstrom should collaborate. That way my mind can explode.
The main guy (dentist)'s story's also good lesson for all trying to get in showbiz -- find a skill outside of the industry!
i should be a marrige...counsler .they make lots of money and hell ive been threw it all.
bra get the fck on dude dnt even tweet bck man u kno da deal wit me if it aint bout yo daughter u can go tu hell if i care
"Austin has no fans." RT if you are a Mahomie.
TOO FUCKING DANDY.
Social media strategy is really only the tip of the iceberg. Success is all about executing and operationalizing.
Wow, those are nice. I bet we could sneak them into Neatline without too much trouble...
thanks Jo! Happy Friday!
NYE date night with the hubby at Ruth's Chris, if we're not having a baby tonight we're at least going to eat well! HNY everyone!!
Maybe I'm just illiterate or something, though. I need to see the second issue. There's such talent there! GAHHH! remorse!!
Def not going extinct. RT : So, what are you kids getting into this weekend? Let us know!
can Superstar+Reliable Sidekick+Role Players win it all in the NBA or does it have to be Superstar+Major Star+Role Players?
I forgot why this is happening?
They should have an #alwayssunny episode themed around #storagewars and them buying lockers, etc. That would very funny!
"The highest reward for a man's toil is not what he gets for it, but what he becomes by it."
We help our students become actors! What kind of acting are you interested in?
Just sent an email...hope we can get something resolved.
“: Putting on a im-thinking-real-hard face when the teacher is looking at me.” lmfao
Cole Camplese presenting on Community Enagagement: How Disruptive Tech Enabled New Social Learning. Starting now!
Most Business Plans suck because the revenue model is weak. We must know market size, transaction size, how much of the market we need
hahaha not only does this make me laugh but you would do that to me! Ahahh I love you and miss you!! :(
see imma learn my lesson about engaging basic people
I'm really good. Just studying for my world history test. How about you?
#SimpsonizersOwnTwitter trend it..(:
#Rizzles fans Sasha said she is shooting til September and currently is not locked into appearing at conventions.
No fun apps eh?
The only way to live is to accept each minute as an unrepeatable miracle - M. Jameson
SIT THE FUCK DOWN!!!
"In the shadow of death may we not look back to the past, but seek in utter darkness the dawn of God" -Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
I will try not to steal your lunch money. #undergrad :-)
you are a beast! #Patriots #nflplayoffs Go Patriots
ya be there on Saturday to root y'all on!!
it's officially winter in Cleveland! #snow couldn't hold back any longer!
. Patron is garbage "designer" tequila. Created by a hair dresser. Almost any tequila is better. Can't wait to try
that's a lot of green!!!
Josh Johnson is into the 7th with 2-1 lead. Great development for
Don't go that extra mile for someone who isn't even worth the run.
RT - Cleveland Indians bullpen ERA of 2.99 leads the American League
RT : CSI : Miami dont even come on tonight . . BLAH !
#20ThingsAboutMe 4. i don't get out much. :(
What is your favorite #DSLR camera for video?
Yes we did now back home chillaxin. What r u doin tomorrow
Morning! Can't wait to meet you at #BEEC2012!
u know u are old when u see Bo Derek at the wiz game and ur younger coworkers have no idea who she is
I keep meaning to break down and buy one. Maybe today I finally do it. I can't take another week of blechhh.
"why do you have a diary?" "to keep secrets from my computer"
blah, I wish I did so,bad
Yeah, no you won't!
oh yes you do
i keep asking wth am i doing to myself?!? looks like muscle confusion is in full swing. another day in the books.
literally am so obsessed with the movie and the book!
not over till it's over.
"See What Had Happened Was"
finally got me a new twitter couldn remember the old password lol
“: They say you are what you eat but i still aint pussy.” lmao
go the www.theeroticchallenge.com and check out the new hottie becca with pics shes super HOT
Thanks for all the retweets last week! It's great to have your support.
Girl Your just like a storm rainning on me your So Wet
lakers gone lose tonight watch!!!
1 of our faves! MT Really enjoyed dinner I'm not one for salads but spicy ahi tuna poke was a pleasant surprise
Ill do my best bro, Hope i can get you in Chicago! Also, i know you mix for FV but do you make beats? I wanna buy one from u guys.
The dox of doxes may be coming. Question is, will anyone care?
Every Monday through Friday 4pm - 7pm
Personally, Me and my Mom think Dawn should break up with Stiles and go back to Ty or date ignacio.
*starts shouting* YOU NEED TO CALM DOWN!!!
Okay! Im ready for summer! Lol!
Sketchfest is going to be PHENOMENAL! But don't wait til then to come visit us!
Hi there! Our full snapshot reports are one-time purchases, so you'd need to buy another later if you want more data.
Nothing as nice as a successful milestone delivery! On to UAT WOO! Break is over, back on your heads.
When you look into the ocean you can't see whats right in front of you, all you can see is what you have right now.
Arrived at event. Then off to route
Back to throwing up. If they don't fix him soon I'm losing it
oh, and the drum isn't off beat as thinks.. it's in 3/4 time
#latin for the day - Consuetudinis magna vis est. - The force of habit is great.
haha The Real L Word was itself a shit show!!
The guitar is a small orchestra.. It is polyphonic... Every string is a different color & a different voice.
If you believe you deserve the best, and I believe I deserve the best. Then why is it that we don't believe in each other?
Seniors don't leave!!!!
If you can't balance your campaign budget, how do you expect to balance the fed budget?
I have a big crush on
The movie 2012: someone says "you've got to see this," Cusack escapes a natural disaster, an old man says goodbye to their kid, repeat.
#Milan versus #Barcelona!!!
Be sure to tune in tomorrow at 3 pm to see Atlanta Dog Spa featured on the Cooper show!
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience--well, that comes from poor judgment.
Im glad to see NJ Senator Menendez stands with Dems for Healthcare Reform
I really appreciate that. Thanks!
HELLO ALL
“: And he always wears the red plaid shirt.... But it doesn't matter. #WineClub” NO IT DOES NOT <3
especially when ur wasted “: don't knock rotary phones, it gave you time to think why you were calling in the first place.”
You're welcome Bill - thank you for being in touch!
These talks are in the Empire room which is in the basement, so I have no phone service. Also, the conference is not providing free WiFi.
994... so close. suggest to friends please.
The Hometown Buffet downtown scares me silly. I have seen customers do really unsanitary things and the staff does nothing about it.
great seeing you today. The helmet looks great on my desk. Thanks.
This time they tweeted old, absurd, and meaningless
How are the resolutions going? Give yourself a long term goal to stay fit for all of 2011 and sign up for the Monumental Marathon
Is winter break supposed to remind you that being busy is actually a blessing? It's working.
my spirit animal is Rebecca Black
Headed to pick up some Hookah supplies for 2nite!!!!!!
its ok.. Ill help you think... Still the same as yesterday?
Thought of the day: Twitter account called just tweets COUGH COUGH WHEEZE
aye whats good?? if u wanna c my rappin vid message me !
It's a cascade thing!
oh dear god, I'm glad you weren't lol
mine too.
Brewers should probably sign this Pujols, he's a better fielder than Fielder
MSJ Alumni are having a blast at the pre-game party and cannot wait for the game to start. Look for us on the big screen
the only place in the world where long sleeves and pants are a staple in July! I miss Seattle, but not the lack of summer.
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
its nothing like that i been really busy that's all lol
I just need somebody to love, I don't need too much just, somebody to love 🎶🎧
How is everyone's weekend going?
Glad porridge is not alone in hitting class snobbery, have often wondered about my beloved grits hitting US West Coast...
Nothing makes me feel sexier than having cherry red nails ;)
He always manages to surprise me somehow
I'm just not even going to reply. I have no words for him...or any of them. No words.
“: Watching keeping it 100 on ”
The women in my family are absolutely hilarious, family gatherings are the best 😜💜😂
Was just thinking I'd find a patio somewhere... Guess I'll stay in and watch the storm instead.
so excited to see u guys tonight!!!
to ensure he doesnt get verbal diarrhea of stupid in public like you MT Why does always rely on teleprompters?
We just broke up.
#OverheadBinSpaceWars... lol. If you have carry-ons, board ASAP
Registration for the 2011 Competitive Basketball League has been extended! If your team hasn't signed up, let us know - we still have room!
dont forget to follow my account ;)
yah, give it a go, it's not for everyone though...it is a vampire soap opera after all.
Don't beat yourself up. And, most of all, don't RT the haters.
Cant plan for shit
I love the show #DeadliestCatch I've done nothing but hard labor my whole life have delt with just about any an everything! Please
the cute little thing about a smile :)
education and learning is a journey to find the truth; we all have a stake in the truth and therefore a right to know what it is
BTW, and I had made a gentlemen's agreement regarding my involvement in prep soccer coverage about a year ago.
Nigga naw , you betta tell ms.Whatever her name is to drop bout 40 dollars in yo pocket ! AHA(:
You know what's funny? I already loved , & now learn she like REALLY makes hats (& I love hats!) www.chapeauxbysimone.com
me 2 it's a hurdle each day but by 7 + a latte all is good
will do will be working their 4 10 days in Jan.
Another exciting week at Haverford: Arthur Russell doc, Wild Combination, tonight (real film not dvd!); Tim Lawrence talk tomorrow!
RT : ": No guy wants a chick that every guy knows. Seriously.... It's not a good look."Kim k I love hoes like that
Heading home now, but the stream may be a few minutes late. Only traffic will tell.
i'm a huge fan of live music, and have consulted some in the music biz on web stuff, so i'm interested. i'll look for your email
something like that, yeah. It was used in reference to a lady spy (on Fringe)
No, I got a new number. But it's a boost mobile phone. It actually goes hard bro.
In theory, sure. Why not WebGL, though? Just need developer resources.
True love isn't Romeo and Juliet who died together, it's grandma and grandpa who grew old together.
Phillip Phillips <3 omg
do u have facebook?!?!<33
Oh my goodness, did it ever. A highlight of my year. I owe you one.
Rehab" The Photo Shoot Next Saturday!! Outfits are coming in slowly, purple lipstick, spiky hair, slits shaved on the side, curls on top.
There are peaks and valleys in life. Both are temporary.
I mean, I'm glad I get to see everyone and I know we'll have a good time. I'm just a little frazzled over the entire thing.
same to you love.. Enjoying Macon?
Ding ding RT : it's a money grab by trying to load with tournament teams and tv deals it looks like to me
Artists: don't just leave your cards and flyers laying on tables in venues... The only place they end up is in the trash...
Valentines day....that's about all I can say about that..
Love your computer desktop calendars! I always look forward to the beginning of each month so I can get a new one!
that's the spirit! TY! RT :
I wish life could be simplee.
Awww I want a new bieber blanket
VOTE on dancing with the stars. has made a huge difference in my life now lets try to make a difference in hers.
I'm good, how are you? I agree, yay Twitter!
Thanks for the heads up! Definitely interested in covering that.
Welcome back Gemini School! 1st day of class in Cedar Park,TX. Soggy,muggy& wet but lotsa creative juices flowing! www.geminischool.com
sure! Entire sites r abt knocking off brands.had 2 accept situation long time ago--tried 2copyright Eco-Chic Weddings (2004)
We will be having a mini work morning at Marion St Garden today 9:30-12 - you should stop by and say hello!
You light up myy world like no bodddyyyyyyy else
luv your tweets :)! be safe :)
You wrote on your eyelids just to watch the movie, didn't you?
Thanks for the mention!
Last minute Xmas shopping, looking for a sold out item.... Stressful!!
is killing on the drums and my brother romel on bass:-)
lmao omg I love your family :')
I'm sure I'm well enough to know WHO ? lol
Sounds good. Can you follow us? Won't seem to let me dm. Thanks!
yea i know i got my phone now he hit me up
I can think of about 100 adjectives to describe that M's game, but uneventful pretty much sums it up. For me at least.
Off to Chapel Hill. Doing the college dance again, this time with Mike. Like they say about childbirth, good thing we forget the details.
My mom: "why are these yoga pants in your hamper? I never saw you wear them?" Me: "hahah......well..."
Thanks to team for an exciting and productive #CoSN12!
Another reason to hate the Thursday night start. Loved the Saturday start for day drinking and corresponding drinking games.
You should move to DC. I haven't seen that many bowties and Sperrys since that one time I hid in your closet. You were asleep.
i miss yewww!!!
Hey Amanda - did anyone get back you? I can put you in touch with Molly & Esther so you can chat. =)
i met someone who has never seen seinfeld or friends!!! How is that possible?
How old is the concept of sustainability? Kesh looks to pre-industrial Persian texts
FOLLOW ME OH YEEAAA!! 🎶.. Ooh wait.. those aren't lyrics... 😜
Jesus said Matthew 5:17 he did not come to destroy God's Law but but to Fulfill it!, God's Said Leviticus 20:13 Gay is Abomination!
That looks like Alex is 60 years..
Ditto! RT : Holidays ... created to catch up on marking I suspect. Hoping to get a bunch of reading done as well.
a good word. patience with yourself. YOu're getting there :-) Proud of you.
- USA Today's FRONT PAGE "Is Syracuse the new Penn State?" ..... another tweet coming on PSU- breaking news in the last two hr
Thanks for the tweet yesterday, Elizabeth!
Sorry. It's really cool tho!
Omg, you say Omg? Omg, that's so cute. Omg.
MAVS fans wish you a speedy recovery, Lam!
John Mayer, you might be asleep, but your music is staying up with me.
Twitter search for "skokie library"
You made just as much noise when you were their age. That's just how kids be!
So I might have mites.
It is what it is what it is ..
Go follow for a free unicorn!
How many days do you have to spend on set with someone before they decide they want to follow you on Twitter? I'm cool !! :)
The new is pretty cool, really nice job on the UI. Also seems faster with better search. I use search constantly now in email.
I miss you grandad </3
or keep sending P off to work and be a "home making" as my bank calls me
Well, I mean, if would have written that, sure. Who is Ryan, though?
Promise someday i Will ;) Don't you have a minimum idea of how i look ? :S
My man Frank thanks for the #ff!
whats ur deal.. making indiscriminate comments on twitter gets ur point accross.. if u got a problem talk to me..
Great working with you too It is a challenge indeed to stand on the shoulders of writers like you, John Bealle, and Buell Cobb!
there is one good thing though....I definitely lost weight. Thank you, nasty sickness!
RT : it's because of BASHH that i met and they have saved my life this march and i owe it to BASHH
You are a Fab student, but I cannot honor your request. :)
Showtime literally has all the best tv series. Weeds, Shameless, United States of Tara, etc.
Studying medical terminology📖 bo. But chances are I'll get a 100 on my quiz. Woohoo!!
#BWELA schedule begins tonight with a trip to The Bazaar, Jose Andres food heaven
Watching kids play and build castles with blocks. How did life become so rushed and complicated by the time 30s runs around?
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's out there. :)
let's draw... ychelsearay
is it with pepper jack cheese?
Yes :) Even I will skip and sing when you come for visit :) Please do!!
Still cooler than an Otterpop
Can someone give me a WOOF?
Happy Easter<3
Yay for the current chaos in your workplace. :)
I missed the moon.
I wouldn't allow one of my people to let a customer leave angry over such a small amt, it does far more damage than is worth...
excellent read. Valid points, though not new. I understand the message of "one race". race v ethnicity: semantics?
It'll get better
Thanks! Wouldn't miss Mad Men for anything, starting the week with a little Roger Sterling philosophy, brilliant! Lol!
5th-wheeling of somewhat of a double date...
Design number 1 coming up shortly! Help us decide which design we should use for our upcoming #oneforone campaign!
i thought #krazyglue was supposed to solve almost everything
the best trash talk comes from mutual respect
you've been where with who
Daniel Rolnik interviews Mat Gleason on the genesis of Coagula for our blog, Argot + Ochre. It's a podcast too. Oh co.
perhaps I'll let u know thx dude
Glenn loves hot rods! Looking forward to the Atlanta International Auto Show March 14-18. We've got a special rate of $179 - 1-800-228-9290.
RT : Great time at LifeQuest today with Awesome worship and surrender to God's authority!!!
I'm so sorry babe! Praying hard for you & your family. You know I'm here for you...anything you need. <3 XOXO
Teriyaki House on Boylston. I miss it so much. Great (and cheap) food-perfect for a college student!
I'm doing my readings for information sources and services class
I want to learn a rap and then be able to do it like a boss
Amazing Easter w/ my amazing Aaron! ;-)
Filner starts by correcting: he's not against expansion of Convention Center.
Of Mice and Men > your life
I do it because I can, I can because I want to, I want to because you said I couldn't.
Bradley sees Mayweather as vulnerable; wants him ... - Boxing News
"wounds are hard to heel. You just have to move forward and be patient. Good or bad things will all work out."
any rumored dates for the buckethead bash?
u def used that 1 on me dick !!!hahah
yes, Bunko..I believe it is the way suburbia moms get together for fun in the Midwesheard about it long ago & have avoided it!
Theyll be battles, theyll be scars, but they cant shatter a love like ours.<3
Yeah, almost. Babe look at my bio x)
nada really , just gone chill
Happy hour all day today! Want even more good news? Come in and use the password "cummerbund" for half off your first drink!
Request "Old School" to start off your day!
yikes... doesn't sound fun. in better news, mubb game tonight! will you be there?
lame niggas be quiet, you in a real nigga presence !
I have the craziest most realistic dreams when I fall asleep on my couch. I beg myself to wake up in hopes that they are only dreams. Smh
In Qualls defense for staying away from Ankiel, Ankiel has a really good arm
She said she's single for the night
No teacher in 113C !!!
trying to write a new weather blog but new website software is not agreeing. Maybe can help me out!
You scared me.. I felt so bad, I thought your birthday was today and I didn't wish you a happy birthday! I almost cried!
I'm bringing it up to invalidate your point. For every tit at ucla UK has a tat. Only difference is it's still happening at UK.
#Madison #WI donated 70+ heads of #Hydroponically grown #Lettuce to - Now its time to rock some #Basil!
cut ALL the whores!
i feel ya! 26k+ (i dont delete as much as i should, but im good at ignoring) i <3 archive
Can I change the default auto-generated image resize of the HD theme? I'd like to have 'resize_2400x1280'
that's what I got, too! it all looked a little on the ikea side if you ask me.
I would have stopped by if u were at anywhere other then LW
Lots of spammers tweeting me suddenly. What's the deal? Report as spam all you spamming bitches!
Sometimes all a girl needs is peace and quiet to feel better...
“: If they make a #LosRockies jersey, I'm getting one.” dude order me a cargo !!!
Treat guests~Treat yourself~Melt in your mouth beef+BEST MARTINI MENU IN TOWN+smooth Jazz Duo 7:30-9:30pm=Holiday Revelry !
congrats to you all!!! Xoxo
one of these days me and my bitches gon take a trip to new york!!!
Digging the new design of your website!
I may dance like a sober white boy, but I'm perfectly good at it.
