": #RulesInARelationship U Can't Blame Them For Being Who They Are, U Can Only Blame Yourself For Thinking They Were Different"
Wow. So, will us #Blazers season ticket holders be getting any sort of a refund for the what will pass as the rest of the season?
lol sry for the delay. I took a nap :) but the fitness consultant needed appointments for tomorrow so I gave him 8 names
Code for "Oh, hi! There won't be many people here tonight! Enjoy the bad acoustics and amateur reinforcement!"
we are heading north right now! Watch out is coming to Coopersmiths at 6pm! Join us!
Love you girl!
so glad u liked the meeting notes we've not yet determined the start time for CD101 day we'll let u know closer to the show
TWO extra days for that!
is gonna get his ass beat!
Tf everybody playing dictionary on fb ???
Yeah, I'm still awake.
The #Coyotes are filling me with ennui.
Thank u love..welcome . RT :
awww that must be why you hate yourself so much - you're not compatible with anyone you like.
moron Blocked
Oh man it's going to be so awesome! Let's plan BKLYN hangout on Saturday for sure?
Good Morning! Happy Wednesday! The work week will be over before we know it! Have a very productive day!
DAMN! your fine!
I am sure they have addressed those issues. Safe travels!
"The only mistakes you can learn from are the ones you survive" Paranoid Neurotic Freaks
If I quit smoking, when would I ever get to check twitter? Reason #17 not to be a quitter!
Someone gonna get lucky 2nite lol
are they? I have to see it
I already want a new one but I wanna dye my hair first
Some1 PLEASE ask #ReggieMiller the difference b/t #Flopping & #Acting! Please!
#beardawarenessweek is over tomorrow
She swagged up from head to toe lip ring her own ego yea they call her a king ND YES BITCH IM THE QUEEN!
Same old shit just a different day!
If I told him to lie about lying, then I'd have to suspend myself. "Roger" that!
Congrats to Senator #JohnKerry on becoming a grandfather.
havent been on in forever /:
Listening to Big Whiskey and the GrooGrux King
RT if you love Pittsburgh Today Live!!!
Marcellino Ristorante- at the Waterfront, next to Barrio Queen. They only have 2 beers, this and an amber. Good choice!
#Instagram has opened up a whole new world of phoneography 4 me, now I want 2 take pics of everything & stick a filter on it!
When should elderly drivers give up the keys? - Granite Bay
LOVE YOUR MUSIC CUZ.. I CAN'T WAIT TOSEE YOU PERFORM OVER HERE IN THE BAY AREA!!
Who needs a boy when you have a sister.
Your the King of Tweeter...
awh thank you
Yeee Its Gucci (:
Slow down sis: it's a marathon. LittleFit ain't even 1 yet! Make sure you've got the energy to party when we hit town next week
You ever just want to punch someone straight in the face? I'm not violent at all, but push me & you just might get clocked.
Damn u a sexy freak
and even if 10 were sucessfull does not mean it will work for you truth is u will b hard pressed to find the magic 10 anyways
The difference between the Metrodome and a porcupine is that a porcupine has a lot of pricks on the outside.
A gossip is someone with a great sense of rumour
uh oh boi is you flamin?
thanks for spreading the love!
you did the wrong Niall 😨
dinner soon! Im heading to Louisville for the weekend. Ahaha, your guess is as good as mine :p
Worldwide coverage
The rain has officially returned
Nicks Voice Killed me .
yes. I look forward to being there and meeting other retailers!
listen to my music.
Did you read 4 & 5 too?
lol I love that coffee shop!
Look out for the Lakers!
Heating, Ventilation, A/C Services 617-792-3350 Serving Boston, Suburbs
My poor Yankee body can't handle this humidity
Opal, yet again he blogged meddling and muddling
Teen Wolf is coming on soon! If someone dies... I swear... -__-
I am very bummed out that 's Northlanders has come to an end. Such a great book with so many good stories.
lol when someone fats calls you anorexic and you're just like err...
Calling charlie batch...
let's go! RT : The Wicked Hop has 1/2 off drinks, shots, beers, and Red Bull bombs starting at 10! 345 N Broadway
saw Jenny didnt see u though would have said whatup!
I AM a 'hollaback' girl.
Now that the marathon is over! I would like to thank all of my donors for supporting me & !! Time for my finish line photo!
"Fashions fade, style is eternal" -Yves Saint-Laurent. RT if you love embracing your unique style!
Out and about :)
Onslow is following me! Daisy, are you jealous? (jk)
The airport sucks when you're on no sleep.
anyone still need a Google+ invite? DM me your email :)
I'm outtie, headed to #BuffaloWildWings for shits and giggles.
ma bad :P me too. I didn't study really hard for this exam.
Nice use of SPORKS!!!! Well done.
Truth! RT : THEY SHOULD CALL TWITTER FANTASYLAND
when ready to be ordered by libraries, tweet loudly!!
I break for #cats !
Are we rubbing it in?
Looking for a #Conflicts #Intake #Coordinator for a law firm client in either #Boston or #NYC, candidates must have 5+ years of conflicts e…
I think your really groovy in a happening far out way
Hardware hackers (?) that turn used electronic children's toys into musical instruments
Struggling with today.
Beat off or procrasterbate
What's your fantasy?
Good morning all. Course it's almost noon here. dang I'm a late sleeper when I got nothing going on lol!
Wow...that's a dream team. RT The deal that QB Vince Young signed with the Bills is a one-year deal.
Nike not radically altering look of NFL uniforms
no problem baby doll
what happened with you and Silverstone?
I'm considering AF too , & no it wasn't really hard . All they grade is the math & english parts . You need a 50 or more
Geography= easiest stuff on the planet
i'd so go, especially since it's a field trip to getting wristbands to meet 1D! But thats just me
Yeah buddy! What dates you here? Hopefully it's not the dates in there!
#Ravens do so well in late rounds, big value here “: Ravens draft Miami WR Tommy Streeter, 6-5, 219 with 4.40 speed”
no but you are
CLICK GANG!!
I Love Ella's frozen yogurt! :)
#TheThingsIHateMost Musicians. Especially lead singers of pop bands. Total pricks.
Photos posted from the 19th Annual 9 Mile Music Festival!
So.....Mr. Delivery Guy...you thought you would get a tip after delivering my food 15mins late lmao..NOPE!!!
The lazy feeling when you get out of a shower and lay in bed in a towel instead of getting dressed.
Whether it's your house or your office, moving is a lot of work! Big office move is tomorrow.
How big is your WHY? What are you willing to sacrifice to achieve your goals?
I am in Los Angeles... still basking in the afterglow. Full of gratitude in so many directions.
Anyone traveling anywhere cool for Christmas with the fam? :)
wow that is awesome!!! :)
Definitely just ordered with my iPad....whats up!!
thanks so much for the follow! We're grateful for your support of PHAME + we love having the amazing Kate in the PHAME family!
Check out cee lo's teeth! Is he a pharaoh or a transformer?
spanier canceled it, the piece of shit.
I'm proud of my Lil Brother, he has a very good record. He's an #MMA Fighter. Love u
this guy at the bus stop is doing an interview for sports radio on his cell. or maybe he's just crazy. i never realized the similarities
In the midwest we sit on porches and watch the rain
I am spending 21st BDAY on Wednesday driving 8 hours to see u vs. Bucks in Milwaukee! Possible to meet u? Wld be best present!
Hey love the new pic. Looks great! However, lets be honest when dont you look good a pic.
picturing your facial expression > 😂❤❤
um if this is true I wanna follow him MUST..HAVE...USERNAME
YAY! I got mail today! What was it? It was the things that I ordered from and his store!! FINALLY<3
sure thing babe! (: Would you follow me back though?
bought a new planner cuz my old one was cheap as fck.
Im doin my best Brother! I hope you & the fam are well! Cant Wait for Season # 2 of
Right we need to get together this weekend
Not gonna lie, I could use the "food tape" idea
we exist.
Studio tomorrow.
Very excited about the new little guy that will be joining us tomorrow. Devastated Mom will never meet him.
Bubba Watson is cool and all, but webb Simpson is still my fucking bro
If it smells like tuna and tastes like chicken then keep on lickin'.
Looking to get run over by a bicycle & pedestrian loving peacenik? Either of the Cambridge Trader Joe’s parking lots could be the place.
Congrats ladies! Enjoy the experience, it flies by!
whatever u want :-)
you know it!!!
I can't believe I have wasted all my time try to be with you.. But now I relize what a jerk you are.. It's time for me to move on...
He's like 24 or 25 & he was one of my Chambelanes why couldn't my homeboy who was 21 be one???
I love you in a pixie!
Just because my eyes don't tear, doesn't mean my heart won't cry. Just because I come off as strong, doesn't mean there is nothing wrong.
Paolini just referred to a dark-skinned character as "sooty". Good grief. The already bad writing has turned racist.
Bill Jensen live on the line now ready to answer your questions!
like soon I plan to go to the Musee de Cluny and just faint on pieces of medieval stonework
"We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid, so are regrets."
Happy Birthday!
I love Super Bowl Sunday! Of course my Steelers aren't in it but excited anyway! Pulling for the Giants!
Truth RT : Google's 'the web is what you make of it' tv ads are the new Hallmark ads. I'm always tearing up.
I don't think you'll be disappointed!
1 hour warning!!! almost time do win this thing!
My God, this day is never going to end. Mama needs happy hour.
Thank you for the follow ! Love you, miss you, and the next time I'm in Vegas, we are hanging out! :)
I'm hungry
Police say they found deer hides hanging in basement of home overtaken by squatters. Officers also found decapitated bunny rabbit in freezer
Bad part about #spd landing on a weekend: drinking starts early & people are already drunk by 10am.
I found out I'm going to Honduras on August for two weeks! Can't wait to see my amazing family <3
to quote Arnold, "I'll Be Back" it was great and I am at the stage of discovery where #DMBistro really helped me!
Happy Veterans Day. Thank you to all the men and women who have served.
Nothing like feeling sore
I'm no virgin babe ;) God gave me permission for making it through college a virgin!
Hello Twitterville. Hope everyone is having a good evening!
Why do they say a flight is a nonstop when it has a lay over? My 1 lay over flight just turned into a 2 lay over!
appreciate the follow - thanks!
I am proud of the #courage! Whose rush hour? OUR rush hour! RAH!
Someone tell me: how long can a car alarm go off before the battery dies? #infernal f-ing noise
more like the Real GAY Stat! ahaha
Firefly! If only because it was taken from this world before it's time...Buffy went on 2 seasons too long, from what I hear.
Anyone who thinks old age is golden must not have had a very exciting youth
lol what I do?!?
One more day in Nashville aka Peyton Place :)
any chance we'll see you in Milwaukee or Iowa tracks this year?
NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN ! FREE LAYAWAY! VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SUN MENTION TWITTER! WSLAST
Our own Ramon has a new treat for you! Come in for his BAJA CHICKEN PIZZA! Every Tuesday he has an amazing new dish! Like this one!
This is decision time, #Dodgers. Nail 'em Kenley!
Think I'm suppose to blow you up everyday? Negative the phone works both ways you don't call, I don't call
Almost party time -- we'll also be closed the next 4 days for the holiday -- nice way to commune before we part :|
Really enjoyed you in ! Mom & I had a Great time...Thanks!
Please RT & follow these amazing people: , , , ,
Twellow.com yellow pages for twitter
watch the USBC Queens on espn2 on tuesday at 7pm eastern
pretty sure the nicest iPad will serve as our conch in our new plane society. & the alcohol has already been hoarded.
Thanks to for the presentation on social media in lawyering. Video of the presentation will be available soon.
That is highly inappropriate.. Im gonna need you to act more mature sir...
bravo. a comedic masterpiece
What a wonderful day this has been can't wait to sit outside and watch some baseball later with then maybe drinks?
we're taking a diff route in recording new music...one of the first things is teaching ourselves how to record...maybe demos
good lucky bro
*blush* RT : If you're on Fetlife (and a woman), go check out 's pics.
Hay ! said that he has black in his family! So y'all might be related :P
God is faithful !
Still no way I had the double Bacon from and that was huge, so 5 patties you're crazy LOL
one of my favorite quotes of all time.
FourSkin -- "You would check-in when you're watching porn." -- Yooni
Happy birthday to my dude I'll be seeing you next week!
its hard to buy xmas gifts for people who have an attitude problem.
The future of existence pulls us- we weave in and against its currents. Taut.
chillax bro.
Do any of you offer free Photoshop actions? I'm collecting. :P
Not just games. That's good person-centered design - healthcare needs more of it everywhere!
RT : Locating templates is much easier in Office 2010. No more randomly searching the Web.
Ugh hangovers :(
I love when the local news tells you what's "in"
I loveyou please notice &follow me(been trying for 2yrs),&very excited about #BOYFRIEND aaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber #4DAYS :-D 9
i fucks with him too . i love "Keep It Rollin"
?4: did u ever pay sum one to date u
Let me know if you need any help!
I had a son before...but he died...so i just thank God for the girls...now I can spoil somebody else's son...lol
RT : Particularly enjoyed dinner: talking about media theory old and new with , and various insights from Larry diamond.
“: Happy st.patty day 🍀 and happy birthdayy to !!! 🎉 love you! Have fun tonight and go crazy!” thank you:) Ly!
really good! Just trying to contact everyone who is new to following us! :)
Awww, never. You know I love you :-)
: RVA restaurant suggestion(s) for dinner for 20 members of Nantucket garden club in mid-April?
This Wed. in ATX. The Black Keys, Bon Iver and Aziz Ansari. Shame on you if you're not going to one.
But mostly I hate the way I don’t hate you, not even close, not even a little bit… Not even at all.
CPR class this morning at work-glad I'm doing this now since I'll have my baby in a few weeks.
Time for 1st Amendment funeral Park. Come join #Occupyburque now! We march @ 11am! Wear black.
Yeah! Type design workshop at
I was a little restless too those hills were tough but what a great race!
I was looking for someone with lines on his face. I've always had a massive crush on #Sam Shepard
So much to do... not enough time to do it. Trying to get it all done before the weekend
Yes..city reports Forney HS hit by tornado.
MT :Big thanks to everyone who supports kids access to care thru improved #Medicaid payments for pediatric drs.
TOOCH DAT BOOTY DIRK. UNF. UGGUU. Please make this into an actual song.
Heading down to #fitcto day 2! I'm talking #creativeJS typography things at 2:15 in the lounge. It's going to be fun! :)
#northcarolina y'all don't know know grammar rules and shit. Y'all just legalized gay marriage.
gigwalk not working?
Enjoying the presentation on SeaWorlds Animal Ambassador! The lemurs are so cute!
u gotta a point that dude plays super soft! U never know what mite happen tho
get back here...Cali love ya!
And my birthday is not even until tomorrow! But so many of my friends are in China! And its Dec 8th today in China!
We're giving one away tomorrow :)
Little girl pushing doll in stroller around the library - so cute!
shower shower shower ~
Getting ready to go work in my fitness!..
dude where's my car? get ready to see a crapload of car commercials.
So very glad you enjoyed yourself last night! We had a ball - and we're very excited for what summer will bring!
Pretty interesting stuff! :)
Was hoping to talk to the boss about e-publishing topics post-Tools of Change. Didn't happen. Sigh.
is no longer unemployed...I got the call today offering me a salaried job with paid benefits...YES! GOD IS GOOD, ALL THE TIME!!!
Haven't seen a #Texans game all season. #Arian Foster is a fluid runner. Upright and strong.
thank you. Glad you like it.
there's a rumor saying #DUDLEYBOYZ and your hot artist got one of the hottest tracks on Squad Life Radio
I loved her food analogies! So when are we going to Publick House, and I'll have you taste some beers you'll like for sure.
Wanna hear your valentine scream? Stop in- lovely #bouquets, delicious #chocolates or #bling! We have it all and just one stop!
No? More » Post from: TheGloss
King George the 9th with the walk-off for the !
They both suck!!!
If you think of the Gibbs as pure disco, "Odessa" will boggle you...a baroque, heavily orchestrated and harmonized collection of melodies.
im on it!
Currently listenin to 's "Back to Black" album (in its entirety). Such a well composed/arranged/concept yet original album. YAS
Amazing lunch today with the always fabulous at The Curios Palate. So much fun and great food.
At work less than 2 hours & I already owe the curse jar about $8.15. Mofo POS ILS.
^tl Is it Monday already, WOW where did the weekend go, well it time for that Morning Blueberry Waffle & Cup of Banana/Fosters Latte...
Have a great night friends, time to get some offline work done!
The best part about waking up for airport 1:31 after going to bed? Grateful Dead radio. I'm guessing 1970-73 'eyes'
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Potato Leek and Carrot Ginger. Sugar-free lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
We're ready for #CommLab2012! Will we be seeing you there tomorrow?
RT : is waiving the initiation fee for TexHealth members. Check them out to see how you can benefit....
she just nasty<<<<<<
good to see you. Hopefully you will perform next year
Palo Alto next-gen firewall stacks up well
First on our 5th old school friday mix is Scenario by A Tribe Called Quest. These kids have taste!
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on."
I have a story to tell, but I think God wants me to film it and tell it as a movie;)
Beautifully cooked Lake Superior Whitefish. Crisp skin, chili flake, and fragrant olive oil.
really good! shooting a music video soon n wanted to ask u something. check ur Facebook inbox
that's just how we roll at ! Limo life for and !
T-bone my sis lives in Edinburgh now.
#NowPlaying Phone Call by
Watching Bruce Almighty
the Mark Buehrle web gem was pretty sweet!!
Thanks! RT : #ff my #news and weather sources.
Our Fat-bike corral is nice & painted & loaded up with fatties to rent!
I just wolfed down a peanut butter cookie like a boss. That cookie didn't stand a chance.
Thanks! Hope all is well in CO, although a sad thing for CO (for the ladies) is that my bro-in-law just moved to Seattle.
if you do you owe me a big huh and a kiss anyways so.....
I'm actually learning a few choice phrases, whether I want to or not.
Fuck it yall have really fucked up shit with the fans who help pay ur salary that shit is fucked up
How do you get pre-sale passwords for #TicketMaster?
So happy to see tweets from again :)
Getting my list of summer must-dos together. What's on your list?
Go for it.. demand your privacy.
Trains is fun a little.
Time for me to go to 💤
Rooting for the Bills. Let's see. I watched them when I was little. They have been next to terrible since.
Never fails.
Haha the album art is actually the twitter profile picture/background on my profile :)
im in Arizona
I'm SO there!
There is no better medium for up-to-the-nanosecond news then Twitter
I found Tony Lucca's B
perfect can't wait lady it will be amazing how old you gonna be?
After the Drake concert Thursday is the after party at #FetishHouston BYOB ! RT
asley bought me CD Clockwork Orange, I think it's married.
yeah but my chapter 14&15 are combined into one!
IM Playing at the fire tonight, on girard - nice place~`! open mic
Oh lol I never stopped. I won't stop until June 20th. But I've been sending them on schedule like u wanted lol. :)
Baby Mama :p .
Brad and Carries song is on right now #OurSong (well one of them)
matt&nat are here!!
Yeah me and my producer did a mixtape Im really proud of it. After we release that joint I got another one #Darknite mixtape
It happened TWICE. Now I'm mad at all the popcorn. :/
There will be a candlelight vigil for Trayvon Martin @ 6:30 all are encouraged to bring candles!!!!!!
Amen to you Danny...Amen!
#fake1Dquotes I'm not hungry- Niall Horan :)
Thanks for your environmental justice work!
PPSS is closed today, see all you Purple Peeps tomorrow! :)
I LOVE UR Show!! U Always make me hungry! Hi 2 UR Sis. Love U
".., when they post, it'll show a nearby park." #dcswa prof dev day
Yeah, I knew there were a lot! Just curious, attempting to wait patiently ;) Good luck deciding, I know it'll be hard!
It's just Instagram w text & skeuomorphic repro of postcards. Now, ability to send REAL postcards of my photos..that'd be cool!
btw krissy, long story but 's dad n ur dad r friends! 😂
dam I thought he would appreciate it we showing him love now we might have to get at him
you said he was 2nd biggest a few days ago (Stephen A., Skip, Jalen)
Only bad thing about watching bball with my mom.. She tries to make all the calls. 😒 shhh
I lacks no confidence! I make this look good!
Your cool
Watching Preseason football: NYG vs CAR.
If you're not following , DO SO(;
Same to you! Enjoy the weekend!
Good thing I put that scarf on, right? LOL! So nice to meet you - and really glad it was my fault. :)
just realized it was friday. :o
This IPO will change everything like the day the music died.
and I don't have the skills, but I have a great idea for a #KONY2012 remix. Any advice?
Lol! I have no clue. I don't really count calories tho. I just make sure I don't get carbs late and count daily protein.
well I have nothing to say👄❌
Come to Dallas, we'll show the LOVE
Thank a #teacher this week! “I like a teacher who gives you something to take home to think about besides homework.” ~Lily Tomlin
How are the devils/islanders doin?
Going to and 's grandpa's house for some good food tonight!
FINALLY LIAM! <3 hahaha liam and silver ;)
RT : #MomInspired Twitter Party prize winners will be announced by , so make sure you're following us both!
If you fear, you lose.
Give your trees a drink! Whenever the snow melts and temperatures rise above freezing for a few days, water just as you would in summer.
Indianapolis Indians Baseball Featured on Cover of 2011 AT&T Real Yellow Pages ... - Indianapolis Star
is right. making public content easily shareable is good way to engage
It's good to have someone to talk to who knows what your going threw 👍
What are you tonight's plan? Will you share this wonderful night with your family, lover or friends?
thanks! Looks like a great group of women. :)
A new study proves dogs are smarter than cats. So there.
Anyone on here know the key difference between an Interaction and Mention on the new Twitter? Seem to be very similar...
And that is what I call a "god day"!
Just got bus tix & gift card balances to IHOP and Pike Brewery to a client downtown. That felt good to do that for someone less fortunate.
how have i not talked to you about this stuff yet? I'll send you my paper.
Per Wilson (to Gruden) NC States coach told him they wanted to go into a different direction
I miss the unabashed tweets of : "Asian mothers scream when their child practices and plays wrong note. It is just natural."
I refuse to give up my integrity in the name of money.
The weeknd- outside
I know someone that might as well be J cole....
Chose Farinas last night #pizza #abq. Olive oil, mozzarella, salami, kale, grape tomatoes, onions, garlic, shaved goat cheese on top.
but there won't be any other party if you are leaving.
Rest in Peace to
Off to cheer camp. Thirty two girls at Miami University for four days:)
do not ignore me.
4 minutes until takes the stage... better here for a night than at #JLA. Go
when are you in LA next?
I love those days when Justin is scheduled to work all evening, but then ends up getting off early. :)
So handsome! Happy Easter to you and your family.
This suite only has soda.
bcuz of the(lack of) info,the show it was in,or cuz of the story
If Ke$ha goes on tour in the UK, does she become Ke£ha?
it's a great window to the subliminal mind
Which way is right, which way is wrong, How do I say that I need to move on, You know we're headed separate ways
Made my spot in the rap game with "I don't like"...time to start dissing the niggas that I don't like
anyone else having issues playing tonight? Trying to catch up on Once Upon A Time but it keeps freezing! Thx for help :)
Lets get it! where we going?!
Granger is a pussy
Michael Buble blaring on the UNR campus. Here for social session. Good sign!
If I know you, I think you can do it! Hope you find some great ones.
so I guess you're feeling better?
The introvert seeker renounces the mundane world and pursues the Self within. Attains spiritual Enlightenment.
no problem!
hahaha...not sure I want to know.
LAW of ATTRACTION 101: Hold yourself accountable for your outcomes, for you are creating them with your thoughts.
Crushing other peoples dreams is what makes our dreams possible!
You lose inches like you gained them, one at a time.
Metro north Sundays
Blood Drive tomorrow...
Have had it for 9 yrs now! Can't live w/o in TX. RT JerseyAlGBP I broke down this year too. RT : A tech is installing DirectTV
that was a bad idea.. veyr bad idae hagahah
the people shall be high fiving my ass up and down westpalm
COMMUNITY comes back tonight! Do not Britta this opportunity, people.
Congratulations to all our followers who participated in the #pittsburghmarathon today! See you at
hello you can you tell your followers to follow me?
Still have a few tickets left of Faith & Family Night at the WV Miner's game tonight. $6 each. Message me if you are interested.
“: I #CantSayNo to margaritas.” Summer is almost here, roomies! 💗👍🍻🍸
Just cause your back is to the wall dont back down now bitch...
busy day today filled with several interviews and a magazine red carpet tonight. wwheeeeew!
Maybe I'll do a lap around the bar instead. Just for you.
Emceeing Scorpions Fashion Show w/ Vanessa Macias 2nite @ Coco Lounge 6-10pm
Watch USA Hockey on USA right now!
do you need stuff for info lit for culinary arts? Talk to me. I've taught a few for those types of classes.
Thanks for listening!
she got 10 and I have your 30
sue says you would be proud if her for so diligently sorting the punctuation.
It's official, I'm a Caps fan.
I was havin issues too..half the time i cant get to the admin options. It happens.
Breakfast in America is a pretty good album too.
lol I suppose so...I'd have to be a superhero that kicks ass in heels #savingtheworldinstyle haha
anytime! RT : Thx for the SO/RT You guys are great
<3 you both!
debbie friedman @ central synagogue...so beautiful. both the synagogue & music
they suck . ! Cx
Get out of here !! You needa check you self fool !
that... That is a tragedy.
Glad you're doing well :) and thanks so much! Things are going alright.
ok #NHL heads & - what is going on here? #Blackhawks run is over before it started with #Hossa injury, right?
Thank you so much for sharing! :)
show her some real psych, one after another just walk out it'd really be priceless to see a psych professor lose their mind.
are we best friends yet?
": Well, according to some of my followers, somebody is saying really bad things about me again. " who? Not me of course
Just Came Back From The Movies , Best Day Yet,,Happy Birthday Once Again Rocio'(:.
What is the best performing #kmeans clustering algorithm for high dimensions? I found #kmeans++ to be lackluster on a low number of clusters
House-Senate conference committee on stadium determined starting meeting after midnight wouldn't work, so it's on for Wed 9-ish a.m.
dang... Well hopefully you'll be able to soon :)
Not sure, appears u need 2 fast 4 16 hrs 2 override body's natural sleep pattern & eat in destination country not on flight :)
TOUCHE ! :) #wellplayed "I tweet dead people"
If You Love Me i would know
Thanks Aron for the #FF mention.
Cruz was 2 time All-Star son Jose Cruz Jr. played in the bigs as well. More importantly he rocked the glorious 80's Astros uniform.
a special thanks to all the clients who attended the launch party last night. it was so good seeing all of you.
alright brow, good luck , and when possible send me informations about the times on practice ! =)
bases loaded no outss ;)
"Am I supposed to swallow this pill that says chewable? Because I swallowed it and now it's stuck."
It's mostly to provide camouflage--wherever we go, we'll never be seen as the rednecks of the group.
Our newest beer on tap is Sam Adams Noble Pils...Come and get it!
we care! turn that goodbye into a hello hello
Bad start to a bad day.
I became a notary and now I have to go get my notary notarized
A new app called the “Love Calculator” allows you to calculate your chances for love. I have a better idea ......called “a breathalyzer"
while I am sometimes put off by those titles; I do believe God does still give out those spiritual gifts.
Jameson's? Well, yes, it's a lovely smooth whiskey. Oh, for me? Are you sure? Well, if you ARE sure... Thank you.
I'm having a rough morning. I hope your day goes well and it's filled with sunshine, laughter and love.
i know right, thats what im waiting on ....
Im starting to hate facebook... It's wak
oh. It happens sometimes. I agree though, that can get annoying really quickly. Haha.
Hey Lady it could always be worse. Have a great day
#libmade barriers to innovation/funding - Look to local businesses
The terra cotta is falling! The terra cotta is falling!
Sunday fun-day in Brew City, no Pack today but great games and great food and drinks at Karma.
Did Anyone Watch iCarly Last Night? It Was Hilarious!!! (: xx
Austin I Love Olive Garden, So you should follow me for that(:
yawn...i miss casey anthony.
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
&#9743; Order iPod Dock With Built in DVR Protect yourself
I just ran into my real estate agent who sold me my 1st home in '99 at LaBaguette, I saw her yesterday at Tuesday Morning in Bartlett
of course you are thai!
we should prank austin! i feel like doing it hehe
Authors do NOT have a responsibility "to be more explicit when introducing non-white characters in their books."
He is a freak, sure would be nice to get some big fast targets for whoever our QB is next year.
ggivee me a shoutout on air! is the name! go florida st!
Hahaha it gets better when youbxan hang with people
the best ever
JTrek now available on Apple App Store and Android Market!
I remember you. It reminds me of the great love that I have in my wife
JOHN MADDEN ON REPEAT...SOSA BHABEE.... "I AM NOT B <3 SIC!
not sure how MI works, but CA...just put a dollar in the machine & press quick pick. I don't know about picking your own numbers
I live in Florida and wish I lived in the right district to vote for this guy!
Would you like to have your photos featured during APA National Photo Month? Be discovered! Email us at .
Playing in leimert park at 4 with Sharon Kline.
i wanna be jerry meg can be Steve y'all can punch on her not me lol
- gosh, my heart goes out to you, is there anything we can do, I am so sad, I want to cry...<3<3<3
Carter had no chance against . Sit down rookie.
My first time watching #impracticaljokers. So funny!
nada ♥♥♥ thanks for asking though babe
“: Feeling too grown up walking around this Homeowners Show getting ideas for the house.” the one at WI state fair?
I believe Wood is part of the #Loriporn collection.
The Twilight Zone!
YES, what do viewers have to aspire to now that the essence & regal persona of Bond has become mainstream?
I think you might have also rubbed off the #rctid keys.
Damn! I hate being in awkward situations!
Musiq Soul Child >>>> his music puts me in a trace.
Econdido bomb maker George Jakubec faces 30 yrs in fed prison. Gardener injured in blast has medical bills of $116,000
*dead* seems like the #InventionHunters hurt the product more than help
i hate it when someone compliments you and you can’t stop smiling like an idiot..
Austin made me smile, laugh and cry. But most importantly he made me proud to be a Mahomie.♥
ALRIGHT!!! 101 -- way to help me bust into the triple digits!!
It's a official HATES ME
2nd Grade Teacher: "This is one of the most exciting, engaging & motivating programs for children that I've had the pleasure of hosting."
I hate you. RT : yep after my shower
Finishing up the last of the 2011 wedding edits and getting the ski and snowsports calendar finalized.
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a time of 22:30 with Nike+ GPS.
Interesting concept: lean forward v. lean back computing.
No, I might be. Thanks!
All checked in!! Let the drinking begin
Oh how I wish I could join you in the leftrightleftright-ness of my favorite sing-a-long dance
#Don'tYouHateWhen Facebook is treated like Twitter
I feel tall, yes i do, but what goes up must come down, so till i fall i enjoy this view
"We love our children. Don't you love our children? What is going to help our children? Tell me how," said audience member.
Thx for coming by for our event and supporting entrepreneurs/students. Best of luck! #WeLoveEntrepreneurs :)
I think it's always a beginning.
even in purple rain?
yes, she def is annoying....and , you're pretty funny, and not annoying soo far lol....but we'll see......lol
wish u were here too!
Weird, Laura Dern and Laura Linney are two different people
Let's stop our 100 yr old superstitious dance with a "default" name and partner up with a new one!
this house needs beer
DeSean Jackson says he was at 60% on that long TD run, now that's scary
My workday is over at 6:30, YAY! BBL peeps, I'm off to enjoy a glass of wine with the girls. #peace, #love & #yoda ;)
Surprising how easy it is to say "no," to people and situations when you finally look at the situation unbiasedly.
Breakfast - Egg Beaters, tomato and bell pepper. Snack - Sugar Free Jello 2nd Snack - Turkey and Wassa Cracker. Yes I am hungry today!
Just froze again for the 5th time today. This is getting old!
I'm still wondering what the countess might have said...
": many thanks for your support Ivy!! Looking forward to meeting you at tomorrow's #Pose4Change. #LookGoodDoGood Same here!
perfect! Thanks so much! The small hot pants came in the mail yesterday. Giving then a try today. Is there a smaller size? Lol!
Have a reason to celebrate this weekend? Do it right w/ VIP Bottle Service ! Call our VIP hostess SHELBY 707.567.1580 to book now.
there is no s on repair in the address...
ENOUGH WITH THE HELICOPTER.
word they are the greatest things ever!
I would take a tax free shopping trip down to Portland, OR
NBC Nightly News used WikiLeaks as a source on Gadhafi last night. Should WL be used as a source? Seems to legitimize an illegal enterprise.
LET'S GO GLOBAL
Hanging with my bruvvers and ...talking about everything under the sun! Missed those cats!
Abortion as an act of violence and to repealing Roe v. Wade overnight? It's a scary future the country could usher in with the '12 elections
And shouts and dap to and reppin at the conference too
I still have and love my iPad, we talk all the time. My iPhone was feeling a little dated tho. Love this galaxy nexus!
I'll let you know in the morning.
I cannot stand these boring as hell, Dodger announcers!!! I miss K&K!!!
Zimmerman's bond is a joke -_-
aw yay! say hi to your fam and the Geebs for me :)
you sold me on the blofeld. being a softsynth fanatic, I've been waiting for a piece of hardware like this for a while. thanks!
-- another bloodbath courtesy of weak kneed politicians with NRA blessings
Client review Friday night, then a break for a week (except evidence review from last weekends case).
#np Daylight - Matt & Kim
I know! That's why I was confused...
"Big Things Poppin" T.I.
I thought it was b/c it is easier to make you pay for it that way.
#countdown 4 days till Jenolo launch ...t shirts looking #great #dope #fly all the above
Today I am voting on issues ranging from Greyhound Racing to Criminal Justice. Watch me debate at myfloridahouse.gov!
:D What's The T Rara .?
Was this a PEER REVIEWED STUDY that these assertions are based upon? www.swop-colorado.com
Moose, Muskies, and more in discussions! RT : you guys have some cool shirts. How bout a Minnesota Moose shirt!?!
I got that sushi I was talking about.Plus there's a sad part that just happened I was practicing my cheer kicks and I cut my toe!Boohoo
i retweeted didnt do nothing . FORGET YOU
My fam's here and life is good :)
So...is the Marlins Park grass just painted dirt?
Make sure to fill in your address in the 'My Rewards" section of your Blastoff Network Site in order to receive your check.
People change their tune when you put on the pressure. Time to get the album mastered and pressed.
Agree. Doing what we can to support advertising education with scholarships. Let us know how we can change this stat.
As in dingleberry?
thank you for volunteering!
Insanity, day 4. I'm starting to think I'm insane for doing this.
Thanks & for inviting me into SA Incubator today! Wish I could curl up like a fuzzy chick in a real incubator all day.
Follow Me Peyton!!
I should never be left unsupervised with a computer and a credit card.
Guys that lead girls on <
whatever happens, happens.
Evelyn is #overrated sit T'F down
Thank you ☺ RT : Happy birthday to !!! Enjoy!!😉
fa reeaal. I'd judge you if you did ;)
happy birthday Alex. Have a wonderful day. May all your hopes and dreams come true.
“: Just read that Vanessa indicated he averaged 10 a month. #impressive” avg a double double!
“ “ Life is the art of drawing without an eraser””
shoulda been there sunday
I hate when my phone sends me the same messages twice
good luck tonight chris<3 i know you'll do great(:
I start to want you & then I start to want what I deserve & I realize I can't want two complete opposites at the exact same time.
follow and
Nebraska Real Estate started following me. Great, now I'll really have to watch what I say...
#postseason home run to center
TRAK Records and Library has partnered with a #NC law school to identify an Associate Director to manage their law library. The Associate D…
Gypsy performances, Great food, drinks and people. We give you something to remember, talk about and enjoy on Thursdays.
For ride info please email for a quote:
Oscar Mayer wienermobile sighting just now at the 5 fwy on-ramp by Ross Island Bridge. Too speedy for me to snap a pic, dad gum!
- Brees for MVP. He just makes his team better, GB has more weapons than Saints. Also, Brees just because I'm a Bears fan....
What's up, everyone?
I have a few critiques on it but it's more than I expected! Great job!
NO ONE PERSON CAN TRUELY BE WISE THAT TO RAISE A CHILD W/O THE AID OF THE TRIBE AND EVEN THEN ITS MOM'S FAULT IF ANYTHING GOES WRONG...
can the do a media conference for Stephen McGee?
Thanks for sharing!
We aprreciate the follow
Think of yourself as a toy train. All toy trains de-rail now and then. Pick yourself up, dust yourself off and get back on track.
Blazers, indeed.
Galileo High school's marching band keeps playing Grieg's "In the Hall of the Mountain King" and it's starting to piss me off!
"Zopittybop-bop-bop arrested near Wisconsin Capitol" ... what's going on up there? :)
Billy the exterminator? What?? This is real?
did I really just witness the Pens scoring 10 goals
With that said I partnered with to bring a eye openning event with HipHopDX to on 5/24 , who will partake???
Okay this has honestly been SUCH an amazing day
Did you know that we carry the latest and greatest designs by ? Its true! Let us help you choose your next piece!
suppose that means DeLoss' checks have cleared the bank.
wrote it at 5am
I have somehow taught my cat to play fetch...
The only attractive part about me is my sense of humor.
Ohh and text me i gotta tell u something!
Z.92 had a discussion today about SpongeBob and Patrick being a gay couple. They're not gay, its a kids show. Idiots.
Congrats to you -- so you are going to be working with Leila Walsh? Great person.
I use the twisosphere 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad.
Good Morning World. It's good to see another day. We are so blessed. Cheers to health and strength.
May the road rise up to meet you, may the wind be ever at your back. ~ Irish Blessing
This is my first real vacation and it has been a blast! but it is coming to an end and so I just want to say to all of my friends THANK YOU!
It's off the coast of Mexico, heading west -_____- idiot
Recording bass & guitar tutorials on Ustream.tv
Looking forward to so much :)
#WeLoveTreasa <3 She's been through so much. She deserves better. She's such a strong girl.
When a Friend Tells You He or She Has HIV or AIDS
#5ThingsICantStand nails on chalkboard
Can you send me your mixtape? Are you interested in collaborations?
I want to see the avengers.
We loved having a group here! RT Welcome home Summer II Dialogue Students!!! Hope you had a great experience :)
Denard Robinson 47 Yd TD run! U of M leads lowly Bowling Green 14-0 in the 1st quarter, keep pouring it on, Big 10 starts next week!
boyfriend playing cod <<<
So there's this whole #1hour hashtag trending... it's all about a new Justin Bieber music video -- glad I had no idea why it was trending ;)
Glad you're OK, sounds kind of dangerous.
i can be sometimes.
read it quite some time ago, it's a nice history on how the MBA has morphed from being a steward to its current function
Throw "online website" into the ring with "ATM machine" and "PIN number."
how much do you miss me? enough to not pay no attention
Hotel 23 coming soon
thanks so much man!!
he'd use all your hair gel.
We have a show next Friday in Nashville at The Rutledge! 9pm! $7 18+
We all hold some form of knowledge that could benefit others. Why not share it & save someone an experience. Each one teach one
This is one Film Maker you don't want to fall a alseep on! "Believe That!"
I won't believe you until you actually do it haha
Had a great time listening to entrepreneurs practice their "pitch" at 's class tonight-so inspiring!!
I want all my #followers to believe in ther self n to have a bless day. ;-)
I swear computer manufacturers put extra screws in laptops just so it still works when you forget 2 or 3 putting it back together.
Ok , So here's the deal, I need u to stop going to school because I fear your growing too intelligent with ur big words. & thanks
Attention Pageant Directors & Agents: Join Kyle Ean Haggerty for "Coffee with Kyle" at Email
Lightning outside looks like magic... Look out a window like we did as children as it pierces the landscape while thunder roars
welcome to twitter world!
BLOW JOB
RT : Congrats to & from all of us for making the #inc500 | 5000 list 7x!
back on my twitter
I could complete a 2 mile ride in 40 minutes RT : I just completed a 40.34 mi bike ride in 2:37:07 using
Happy *early* Birthday! :)
thanks! I'm moving to Switzerland in June for a 6-month science writing internship at CERN
misses also!
Devoured Gabrielle Hamilton's Blood, Bones & Butter: The Inadvertent Education of a Reluctant Chef. Best in genre! + new essay idea sparked.
can u let me no what-did Kobe say to Lebron at N of Allstar Game? Was it-why u didn't take shot! Kobe was mad!! At Lebron?
I'm always reading. There's always a way to make time to learn new things.
'Say It' monologue about Korean 'comfort women' is a lot more powerful than when I saw it in college.
hey brandon
Who is at the #LAMarathonExpo ? Visit us at the Hirshberg Foundation Booth#716! Free massages, goodies, & great info & people!
Finally had to see how iCloud works when I needed a new phone. Very impressed. So easy to use.
vs. tomarow night
Tonight is the third time this week I have seen your namesake Michael Bowden pitch.
I actually really like the song Turn To You by Justin Bieber. It's really powerful.
Shine on you crazy diamond. - Pink Floyd
I gonna cry!! :( I know how it feel to move and leave ur friends! Has happen to me 3 time! </3
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset When we close to having sex and you decide not to do it again.
So many amazing and artful floral designs at #artinbloom! Gorgeous work, , , and more!
Meeting with my accountant today. Super extreme excitement!
follow me? :)
It sounds like it's going to be a hot weekend here in Wisconsin! Have any exciting activities planned to beat the heat?
root 100 in a bar bathroom...after all these year I still know how to keep it classy
Encourage your exhibit staffers that have Twitter accounts, to retweet posts from your corporate Twitter account to their personal accounts.
Much thanks! I live about an hour away, and the store overall is great like most Nordstrom stores. Will visit again soon!
I'm working on that one! I am interested in technology & community events... I have friends in politics, but that's not for me
In this world of harshness and politics it is nice to come home to love
#BOOM yu better *sings* get cho life! RT Drinking w/ & :)
Philly loves you brother. You are playing some great ball.
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Hope you're wearing green so you don't get pinched
Thanks Jeff..good to hear! what do you swim?
Brian and Ian are flying over Portland right now. Anyone in Portland, look up and wave!!!
Can you guys follow me please!! :(
"Well I'm as cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce/ You've got the rhyme and reason but no cause" RIP #MCA, u represent! us well, Peace
are you happy that beef is fading out of hip hop especially on NY side? and don't ever go @ each other no more
I think I'm the only mom that has a son following them!
When my grandson asked me how old I was, I teasingly replied, I'm not sure
what's the matter?:/
Recommend using Priceline/Hotwire in Chicago- you specify neighborhood & rating. We've got great hotels (4 stars) under $100.
yay! I'm a speaker so be sure to check out my session!
No longer #lost thank god
thanks for the blog post Dave, we appreciate the kind words!
I love you
lol r u ok ?so u were still alive?
Someday a bad hair day is a choice. Snooze button or good hair? right & If you've seen me 2day u know my answer.
"Gagging Order" from the Com Lag EP.
Geez dont walk into a tree on the Golf course,you might hurt the tree:).
so while you busy trynna fit in, i'mma stand out
Come down to the #MKEairshow & visit the tent & say hi! While your at it, snap a pic of the famous !
so i got class in 20 min and dont feel like im going to get up already
RT : "I BELIEVE IN LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT"... I'VE BEEN LOVING MY MOTHER SINCE I OPENED MY EYES.. HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!
Mike Brown the Phil Jackson no standing during the game not working. Get up and work the refs.
Archie comics have done gay weddings and multicultural marriage. Audience show of hands showed more Veronica fans than Betty.
And AT&T's HSPA+ is plenty speedy for my all my mobile data needs. And until their are true UNL data plans there's no need 4 faster
for what?!
Please tell me I'm not the only one awake at this hour... ? ? ? Anyone? Lol
Thank you for making us "The leader in the lifestyle." Don't hesitate if you are new in the swinger lifestyle to contact us with questions!
Be sure to like us on
Going to bed. Basketball in the morning
you post old pictures of you basically
Olympia is so cool.
Now will apologize 2 keep his job & #Marlins will encourage this to save ticket sales at their new park. But it's all politics
Kansas, Nebraska, & Oklahoma are getting hammered by Large tornados right now!
The rain fkn sucks
Thanks! So glad you like it!
Having fun at the festival with <3
first motorcycle ride.. hair = rats nest
Phil Katz recognizes the "epistemologies of the creators" ... rewiring our own brains, our students, and technologies?
I appreciate the invite! I had a great time - see you next weekend! :)
Working on librarycopyright.net.
I am going to just redo you guys' tweets in Emoji
Just got approval for NYC in May.... now what of these petit gateaux's I see you go on and on about?
No Frog Legs today Lil Homie!
I see faces in the trees on this teary Trail, but they know we are here, and they are glad to see us.
I like the idea. I think it would help bring an identity to the bears that they have been missing for some time.
All great books should be consumed with such abandon.
Breakfast with Santa & Story Time with Santa booking FAST!!! Phones have been ringing all day. Call today to secure your spot! 410-752-2490
Your name is Nancy, Negative Nancy.
tehehe... One poor girl went #2 at a party in her pants and was forever known as "shit-brick" for 4 years :(
feeling a little HUNGARY today...Budapest you're on the menu!
Student email: "Oh Mr.Pratt i have to tell you something...what was it? oh yeah HAPPY HUNGER GAMES!!! MAY THE ODDS BE EVER IN YOUR FAVOR!!!"
Lousiest foul call I've ever seen refs!!
I liked Thor, actually. It was funnier than I expected. And Captain America was pretty okay. :D
Dam I be smoking foos on the freeway with my lil Honda, their not down to bust moves like me, imma die one of these days lol
Art In Practice tonight @ 6:30pm with Mark Allen of Machine Project!
GO BIG BLUE
Cheerleading today I'm tired....
We are booked and ready to go for National Association of School Psychologists annual convention in Philadelphia!
Chupacabra tacos... and soup is good food... Come get some at union station today! N capital at mass!
Hey Carole! Thanks for the station RT and the smile! Glad we could make things better!
Stay tuned for our FaceBook and Twitter exclusive deals coming very soon.....(like tomorrow)
Thanks for the RT! Hopefully we'll see you there!
nice one!
Shandy: Miller Lite with a splash of lemonade. My new summer drink. Rooftop deck at Tavern Downtown, good company and cool drink = heaven
No denying that. :). Was just saying some aren't s influenced as others. Slaves invented the banjo also
Just passed into North Carolina!
. I'm one of your constituents, and I'm urging you to pass the American Jobs Act now to strengthen our economy.
last year. And they just returned back to ABDC
#games Heavy Pawnage
90% of all researchers that ever lived are alive today. Talking about abundance of information at
no ma'am.. i took off for graduation, but i'm not going anymore.
Huge thanks to ! And amazing & board/team
The general rule is: the greater the value of your content, the greater the return on your investment
#hipdc Excellent health informatics panel moderated by Carol Torgan, PhD - We tend to self track w/ numbers but not visually. Let's start.
I just finished watching "coach fucks a runner" so hot(;
got 20 people buying tickets tomorrow for the march race in Vegas 2013 can we get good deals at south point ?
engaging != dictating, so, yeah.
All this time and I still think #You'veGotMail is one of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen!! Tom and Meg are such a great duo!
Thank god your doing better I've been praying for you ever day
wait, is pregnant?
ha I remember that. Awesome. “: Did sports once when guy didn't make it to set, another time when live shot went down."
Off to #school now.
Me too! I'm in love with Nick
The book was better. Not that the movie was bad (AT ALL!) but some details got lost in translation. To be expected I guess...
#erl12 penny earned is a penny saved starting now!
FB? as in facebook? damn 49-13 is pretty ridiculous. kinda like how the chargers owned the chiefs today. oh yea
"Being academically rich and socially responsible is one of the greatest things you can accomplish." Christel DeHaan, June 15, 2007.
2moro maybe lol I been doing hair allday I'm sleepy af man
yea that's the last one I'll tell u about today later..... I gotta shower(: brb
hell yea go Noles!
Good news: I'm on vacation Friday. Bad news: I don't have tickets to the #Brewers home opener.
There's something about sunshine and good music that makes you forget about everything else.
*txt* Party at my house!
Sullinger is such a baby and a whiner that he makes look like a man.
What exactly is #bizforum?
Lmao!! RT : After the Fairley selection, Jay Cutler faked 4 injuries to his lower body.
My first memory was 9 months before I was born. I went to this crazy party with dad and left with mom. ;)
Spent the morn refusing my dads repeated offers to buy me a car, by the time I arrived to his house in Palmdale, he had bought HIMSELF a car
Ready to start. leads it off with What customers want
follow!! Please
Good thing Mazzaro is still in A. Wait.......
i was sleep all day -__-
Bay for sure!! His contract was double Wade's. Bay biggest sports bust contract of the last 5yrs. Albert Haynesworth as well.
The 2nd Annual Maryland Traditions Folklife Festival has been announced! Save the date: Saturday, June 16, 2012 at
Quite fitting Kompany scores the winner. Zabaleta was absolutely terrific! Nasri 24 mill quid, just fucking shoot.
"When you look at your life, the greatest happinesses are family happinesses." -Joyce Brothers.. Home with the fam
So I was one the phone with & I didnt even realize it o.o oh yes.
Yes! A huge bottle from the northwest.
thanks man
Spending the day at home watching sport, hanging with the family, BBQing and catching up on work
I'm a realist.
thanks for spreading the love xoxo
Being on teal and soony for... Well anyone at this point...
Hanging out with one of my fav people in the world, my manager! :)
Working on sharing all colors of music & people in my K-5 music classroom. Played Stevie's "Black Man" for them. He says it well.
PLZ don't tell Garnet Coleman what is happening in El Paso or that I lost 7 endorsements to Aaron Barraza they call "PRINCE"!
nice yeah not much here either did my second #INSANITY fit test this morning and week three starts tomorrow
Why don't we put more emphasis on applied discussions. Rather than esoteric ideas, we'll focus on actual actions.
add me on facebook! <3
Ongoing discussions about better ways to render tile maps and make them beautiful #TileMill #WeoGeo not #ESRI not
I'm not reminding you of the time change. Be late! It ain't my job to keep you on time. Besides, you been told a million times.
#Glee + #Whitney = happy fag
2 of those movies suck ballsack!
BOO! Did i scare you? ;D
Great meeting you guys tonight, keep up the great work at the NBA....Go Bears!
does anyone want to play transformice with me?
Last minute Xmas gifts? Lift your spirits with Lottie's Lounge t-shirts for $15.
Bit of a log jam purchasing tickets for today's game.
I'm half swedish, but I think could easily make me lose my lunch :~(
no no no
you studying tonight? Have the stats exam yet?
Not at all sure about today...
Wait! Send him my way!
Welp it appears the cough medicine I took does not work. Oh joy.
Shout out to my new follower
Love being in Kansas City, but problem I'm having is too many BBQ choices, not enough time. is priority 1. LC's for dinner?
you can have a cute but grouchy baby sidekick
I would forget the pie. Fml
just so disgusting!
ass ass ass
Fundraising party for 's forthcoming Soul Cinema, 2031 Adam C Powell Blvd. Friday from 9p-1a! Let's MOVE!
yea I can do it when I get back
What was your topic(s)?
Alaina(: I love you very much :D <333 Twix and pussy, member that?(; Love you dearly(: LYLAS, Jay(:
Well this is a shitty Friday night
: I am at the #ccid2012 conference in NOLA and just heard about you from Diane W Brown
hehe, oh well. Ps, just saw her driving in front of our hoods... might wanna stay inside tonight.
Respect to for having , "The Wire's" Bunk Moreland narrate their piece on . Quite appropriate.
my mouth hurts so bad :/ gonna try to go to sleep goodnight <3
Everything is better with smooth transitions.
MORNING BABE!
Been drinking since 9 this morning & pushing my way through rehearsals.
My school is so damn ghetto i swear there are so many pregnant girls up n here its unbelievable :O
Haha, this war between the "Archies" and the Hustlers is so amusing. Tumblr has blown up with the fanbases bashing each other.
My bby stomach hurt :(
Broadcasting MSG VARSITY HOCKEY battle tonight between Delbarton and Morristown Beard!!! Looking forward to it!!!
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts; therefore guard accordingly. Marcus Aurelius
Maguire U outing this weekend in Deerfield Beach, FL.
If one watched your show, over and over again, nonstop, is it considered "obsessive" ?
Eating blueberry treats after the trail run at Pike Lake. Feels great !
Mac Mini Lion Server 10.7 Install today at New Haven, CT law firm. VPN & File Sharing
LMFAOOOOOO RT : Lmaooooo. Look at his cantaloupe head RT : Damn that nigga is actually ugly b.
RT Success demands singleness of purpose. -Vince Lombardi
CO Senate gives preliminary approve to HB1345, 2012-13 school funding bill.
OMG I just found out something that will BLOW YOUR MIND!! I was born ON MY BIRTHDAY!!
#SmartAssQuestions: In USA we buy made in China. What do they buy in China? Made in USA?
I don't right now! You coming?! Check w/ us closer to date?
We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
#imagine Austin: Where are your lips? You: On my face? Austin: Wrong, on mine. *kisses you* ;D
I want to see my reall grandma before she dies and I have uncles that I don't no and cousins I dont no my dad has her number he saw her when
it's the order of the suits: Spade, Heart, diamond clubs.
Alright, time for the Beastie Boys marathon begin! Licensed to Ill until Hot Sauce Committee, all the way.
Daylight savings and Selection Sunday make me a pretty happy girl!
Oh hey, they're based in Austin. I live there! Looks like they met their goal. Good for them.
too bad the person that tweet was directed to prob didn't even see it 😜
So tired et energetic at the same time.
He's like what, 13?! I only turn 16 in August... pft 🔫
We're still without power after this morning's storm. Please be sure to try calling us first before stopping by! 847-467-2338
#Vote for Ken Leonczyk. Lets restore the American Dream!
I'm pretty sure you can't get AIDS from kissing. You can get cooties...but I'm pretty sure you can't get AIDS.
For updates on #TheRedRider, like Fury Films on Facebook.
So far.... Spring Break been live AF ;). Tomorrow im going back to work to make some money$. Night Tweeties ;*
I am also helping you if you are helping me so follow and get followed
having the whole bed to yourself >>
We all have that one friend that is good at giving relationship advice, but is still single.
That was a rare sighting, because we don't go to movies very often any more! Not much out there.
Wishing our alumni & friends a very happy, safe, and ORANGE New Year! Thank you for loving your alma mater! Go Vols!
Sorry everyone! Dad was tweeting with OUR phone! We keep telling him to stop but he doesn't listen to anyone!!
I keep having crazy dreams I'm in the Hunger Games! The arena is Wal Mart and contestants are from American Idol! Haha! :)
I do love my mum
Getting my hair done
chrome will you please send me your request line number,precise wants to call into your show.
stop it.. I went to their concert last summer & i know they new album will n out soon so HA
some1 help me with mine
Process change is more important than matter mgmt software. Ownership by the practice group is key.
can you start using instagram again ugh miss your pics
Nonios has been scratched from the Derby Trial. They never were able to saddle him.
Tweeting from my new iPad. My life just improved at least 65%.
didn't know about it... who to contact?
- love ya! Hope to have you back sometime this summer- yes we will have pre-sale tickets, and NO I will rely on NO ONE -
Great wine and mac 'v cheese at Sip in Issaquah last night, I'm jonesing for more.
Changed it back to my original handle, but I WANT him. Hahah
We have #Karaoke from 10-2 tonight! If you sing a song you get a FREE SHOT! Happy Saturday #Madison!
"This Is It"
Yo Narwhals & Unicorns is the shit. :-)
Musée enjoyed the AIPAD Show & ran into Peter Zerva.He is a huge fan of our publication.Cheers to the AIPAD Show & Thanku Peter!
I have friends that use "me" for that.
RT RT : Tonight! Give Me the Banjo on #pbsarts. 9pm ET. We'll be watching AND recording. Can't wait!
Crown & Coke is a real mans drink lol
Did you know that you can refinance even if you owe more than your house is worth? We can help, call us today!
scheduling makes my brain hurt : ( but sleep is for suckers : )
I'm from Ohio originally. Cleveland, in fact. Plenty of awfulness there. But WI has the dubious distinction of being worse now.
#WordPress #Tools 360Voice Bits Plugin – Connects with 360Voice.com to post the latest info on your 360 standings.
Lindsay Lohan is a really good parole model.
screening this evening @ 8:45pm. Go check it out!
Kobe kobe kobe!!!!!!
Stay tuned...new release in minutes!!
i miss you too haha silly time zones!
#FF #learning experts helping others grow
you are SO welcome! Fingers crossed Fiesta is found SOON!
Now my white girl looks like a latina...i'm ok w that :)
#FollowFriday Just because she is the best (via )
no doubt in my mind that hooked on a feeling will be the only song ever to be successful with hunga chocka hunga hunga in it
Followed, thanks for following ;)
ok boss. i was going to say i like how u reason until that last line. it sounded like a mad black woman line.
Can't find an etch-a -sketch anywhere... all sold out! :)
This place is ridiculous! But $2 shots of Jameson were beginning to persuade me otherwise...
Cool, I'll keep an eye out for more good stuff.
enjoy the game!
true but still fantastic.
Let's go with #RiDe or #ride for today.
All is right with the world now that you're back on TV.:)
will pay someone to write my paper for me. k thanks.
#kony2012 spread the word. Light up the darkness. Together we can make a big change for the better of this world.
Homophobia is EXTREMELY #unattractive. Are you afraid of other men treating you the way you treat women?
I wish my flight home was today! But at least I get to go to watch party Monday, and chew on straws, lol @ realtuffjuice
great concert tonight!!! Wish you were coming to ! Wondering why I'm a "pretender" on my photo badge though..
Did you read the article that went with that cover? Just as clueless. Cheers to you for flagging it.
Interesting, matching how? There's already a list of citations at the bottom of the articles.
How good is Hulu plus? I ordered a pc to hook to the tv and we are going the same way you are.
Me && mii ride or die had a nice talk !
that's cool.
my bad, but in my defense there was lots of testosterone in there!
I remember after I saw the show and was trying to get back to the office to write the story that I tear-gassed. Fun times!
RT : Playing at Dicks Den tonight with Colin "cattle matriarch" Martins Quintet. 10-2.
C'est si bon! RT A new combo- tequila, , lime and rhubarb purée!
I love you , I really hope your dreams come true.
Reckless in this city of hot days n cold nights...
shew biology homework over the cell cycle, why you have to be so hard.. #annoyed!
sometimes remixes are better then the actual song
thanks for helping me smile even if i shouldnt
Hahaha Im like seriously?! and ikr x)
It's Friday in Vegas ! Remember your a few actions from the first step of living your dream! Hope you dream big!
Gemini~ What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?~ Love me :)
Next week looks to be busy! If you are planning a school pizza party for next week please call soon so we can plan out our week.
exciting things happening in Wichita Falls...Texas.....
A wet snow on UNM Campus. Come on big snow....
GAME ON!! 10K Followers x 10 $100 Gift Cards
Only problem with vinyl: no scrobbling.
RT ur P's & Q's" comes from England as bartenders tell rowdy guests 2 "mind their own Pints & Quarts" & settle down!
Paid tomorrow = Newbury for shopping Saturday
At the half - it's the woodwork 2, Arsenal 0, Chelsea 0...
I love me some hootsuite reports and google analytics, for measuring SM stuff.
TIMES GOES FAST WHEN U HAVING FUN LOL
I hate it when people try to get sassy with me! Hush yo mouth.
Did I mention that today was Fiesta Friday!
wat do u mean?
The classic pedicure is only $45 and is perfectly paired with our classic manicure ($20)!
BN, Powells, Book Depository, Indiebound reviewers - your time has come.
#FF to college friend - nice to reconnect with you on fb!
Good morning. What race are you running tomorrow?
Hurts more when you realize he was the right guy to the Blackhawks.
Does that include pink slime?
video conversion struggle day... oh maine
#GossipGirl you blew my mind this week.
We've heard how bad bullying can be, but what about if teachers just let it happen? My exclusive interview with Kristin Meise tomorrow.
you got to respect Chuck. As dumb as people try to make him out to be he always makes a valid point.
WTF. One of my students totally plagiarized her final paper.
haha. Ditto! Thanks for following. :)
Maybe we should make a movie about a guy obsessed with his brackets. What do you think?
Just saw representing on ESPN!
T's are getting crossed and i's dotted. Decadence trip winner to be announced soon!
"he loves you, you saw what he did?, ...yeaah, he loves you!"
I fucking love bumping music <3
Get to visit with a friend who own a recording studio! Gonna make some tunes ;)
Massage can relieve migraine pain
is the most consistent artist ever. Listen to #tmmlp, shit is ridiculous!
My hubby and I are out drinking a Fat Gary and a Big Hop. East End rules.
Ugghh... Why am I so nauseated??
nice work! Guess im gonna be a horny goat beer promo girl as of nov. 1st! Super pumped!
Spent entire day on funding report and reappointment docs. At least the latter can be digital this year! -- woohoo! -- progress!
like what? :o
I'd write stories of my drunken escapades... But that would require time and well effort out side my normal job...
ahh is it nice there? :)
<<< Follow because you're not a hipster!!!! Shit hipsters say dot com < is that a real site?
Student is pretty game, but mostly talking about convenience of e-books. Libraries aren't defined as keepers of print books
W-burg VA, not Brooklyn :)
Working now. Thank you. About to buy a scansnap. Doing my training.
Already sent the highlight to UK, his team went 8-3 lost in the first Rd of playoffs. He's a navy brat, trying to get him looked at!
ok it's official, i got it :)
Guys... my brother is having a cookout and drinking with his friends right now..: It's okay. That'll be us tomorrow
Hello Keri. Hope all is well!
Interviewed former Minnesota Gov Tim Pawlenty and asked him about the new Sarah Palin movie "Game Change". He said he hadn't seen it yet.
Two words. Paper plates. :)
Happy Hour tonight - see you after work @ Brave Horse Tavern for some free food!
who said we don't help? we already helped a lot of beliebers who didn't have the MWT on their country.. +
i really want to watch sailor moon right now
Gotta love the STAR WARS VISUAL DICTIONARY. (boys)
she's back tomorrow.
First women subtract from their age, then they divide it, and then they extract its square root.
I do finally
im following so can i please get a shoutout !
: re Xmas gifts. Why not say you don't want anything? Or ask your family to donate money to a non-profit in your name.
Classes start May 1st!!! Don't wait too long for a better career change.
Studio mate just adjusted the dimer switch by jamming a car key in the light socket. In related news, he's still alive.
i'm more of a fan of the 1st couple mags albums, but i agree with your statement. plus, premeditated is a killer opening track!
Weather Genie 2.0 submitted exactly 1 month, 2 hours from 1st version to Apple JIT b4 they close for the holidays... excited
followed, and omg thanks for the likes
yes she is Beautiful I glady told her she could touch my cheeks she does my vagina usound also
Arthur just had the sickest argyle sweater on
Sausage and beer - nice. I think I too would like Gamla Vasa.
Which is worse: walking to work behind a smoker or walking into a bathroom after a smoker? Toss-up, I'd say.
Great and successful #greenscreen #musicvideo shoot on Sunday at the
You're welcome and thank you :-)
shouts out to the the fine people of : & check 'em out at www.industrypr.com
thanks :) & followed .
You seem like the type, to love em and leave em. and disapear right after the song.
And you can order one in the bottom of the ninth with two outs. I did
Bar? That's much better, I assume.
o aight !! 👍👏🎉✈we have to do something when you get back than
Cutting down strawberry hearts w ! Such great tips on slicing & marinating fruits. Vegan cooking class!
#MoJo still missing and now I've got a headache... can this day be over...
OH: Who do you think you are, Sanju K Bansal?
Oh good! I saw some of your tweets today. Glad it's helpful! I love our community and the policies created.
ahaha are you serious?
Whats your favorite Jam?
Looks like an awesome class - thanks for the link!
What's Good G!
Meet & Mingle Event TOMORROW July 1st @ 4pm Free Food & discount on Salon Services 6320 Winchester Road #Memphis 901-794-0553
Never a dull moment in NYC! If you can make it here ... eek... you can make it anywhere? lol Hope we make it!
The Weekend
THANK YOU everyone this is
You will! Hang in there!
I know Im kinda late on the reply but... I want wings too!! Im down
U kno its cold when ur girl opens her legs and the heater kicks on...
I love my city..even the dead nightlife..
It's actually scary to think about what will happen after high school, you forget about people you spent so many years of your life with...
