Thanks for the follow! Have a great weekend
Budlight commercial shoot this AM, in NY. Work, work, work :)
yeah definitely...im obviously rooting for the clippers but the spurs are just machines right now.
Several groups of students in the Museum today: studying, drawing, chatting, and playing UNO in the lounge. This is why
Our new Plan Book Magazine is coming along well. We are excited to unleash some of our new plans. (Coming this October)
My family loved Face Off. We're sad RJ didn't win, but Rayce deserved it just as much. Hopefully it will be back for another season.
“ BREAKING: Charles Manson was denied parole, effectively ending his bid for the Republican pres nom. There's always VP.
Hello, Athens!
Dear Twitter, glad you're having a quiet 6th Birthday.
It's gonna be a week, folks...
RHUBARD CUSTARD PIE
Gov cuomo says he will issue an executive order to set up health exchange this week. Repubs in senate did not want to pass as part of budge
all i want to do is watch tv in the bath tub. is that too much to ask?
I'll take it!
Upon marriage, I tried to trash all of T's Grateful Dead tapes.Now here I am writing a report to "Box of Rain" and assorted Dead covers.
i bought someone a priceless neckeles
just now getting into bed...long night full of bird squawks and Nicholas Cage with and more
Hi #libchat! I'm Nicole, and I work in a special library in Indianapolis.
Ima smack you every now and then....
Will be keeping you and your family in my thoughts!
Don't know much about this Jonny Steele type. But that was a golazo by him to tie it. Special for Great goals in this game.
Just finished a shoot out in Malibu great day kind of cold but we did it
At an all-time low. This is a sign I need more fun in my life...
Plan to be spontaneous tomorrow.
I don't trust these bitches, I want to go home and eat.
Glad I get my geometry.
Only 5 pts, but love how aggressive Berggren plays against Leonard.
LOL They did! Only a fan would notice
I would love too
I'm not saying UCLA isn't relevant, I am saying its strange how its all at once.
Wondering whats wrong?..
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: 'Tis the season to spread warmth and love - do you know of someone who could use some extra love today?
Facts are what evidence modestly shows, truth is what everyone honestly knows_ Joe Carnage
I like 'Otis' the way one begrudgingly appreciates a very expensive car. Also Kanye's not going to hell 'cause of 'Jesus Walks'.
Today is going to be So Fetch.
I finally got the book :) We had to go to Books-A-Million for it
omg, cannot wait for the GOOD music album.
the battery will no longer charge. What do you suggest?
Will Zack #Greinke be part of the #brewers by season's end? says no. SportsRadio
and this is why we cant have nice things
Just a public note that Quarter Life has always been two words. Capitalized. Thanks.
Really hope the #allstarskills is a better broadcast then the #allstardraft was. #tsn that was awful.
9:00 Friday night and I'm already bored. Maybe I should leave the house tomorrow.
Just cycled, girls are atill sleeping like nuzzling kittens curled into each other in bed. Coffee time and my nook!
This apple cinnamon coffee is a delicious success. Cracker Barrel, you do me right every time.
It's your call.
Way to go Top Pup Media team! We delivered our 14th and final video to Nokia last night at 2am. Now, time for some coffee!
Super Soul Sunday celebration! Party tonight in the Youth Worship Center!
Welcome to Cleveland!!!
I don't need to say "fuck you", because, well... Fuck you!
Happy Holidays! Thank you for the support this year!
The world is watching as we engage in self destruction the same people that voted for 8yrs of Bush is screaming foul . How sick is that ?
they were cool. But because u only get one spout. U can taste the syrups of the other flavors.
Reason is knowing you're wrong to avoid false (dangerous) beliefs. Certainty is fear and insecurity based on an illusion of permanence.
MarchMadnessMentality: When the underdog becomes the ctr of attn, the haters spend more time hoping U fail than planning their own success.
You guys are always welcome; thanks for the nice pic!
There are some really good people in this world (:
I love you:) and I would love you even MORE if you retweeted me! Yep you know you want to:D <33
Thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy the tweets! Therese'
i hope
Me! Going great. Eatin' eggs bacon w/ espresso now RT : Who else is on day 16 of #Whole30 How's it going?! ...
I hate brand whores.
Rooting for the Panthers...COME ON EX-HAWKS YOU GOT THIS!
serving over 2000 kids creative writing needs | channeling their stories, giving them a voice
What are you wearing to it? Have fun!
Using trial version of SEOmaz. Great so far. Free version can only research 5 keywords at a time. Anyone have a free resource not Google?
“Acting should be bigger than life. Scripts should be bigger than life. It should all be bigger than life.” - Bette Davis
SFist Memoirs: Pat Montandon, San Francisco's Golden Girl - SFist
Challenge accepted! Who's paying? RT : I assume can find us an undiscovered gem of a restaurant in Chesterfield
FUCK it I won't lie I miss you and no matter what you always come up in my head I told myself I wouldn't talk to you but it's hard
someone talk to meh
rip junior seau
Aww ma dude I Love you Till Ma Heart Stops but I think u know dis. LOL!!
": Two types of Capricorns, one stays tied to a post, the other jumps freely from mountain to mountain"
#runDisney is addictive. Join us! We got jackets! :-)
She's gonna think i plagiarized this. Sometimes, I just get really inspired and write really well. idk :o
I think of this often.
watching 16 candles thinking DAYUM what happened to Molly Ringwald??? Queen of 80s teen flicks...
The Chicago weather inspired an old fashioned show down, Best Brown vs Ellie's Brown vs Who's your winner?
Best way to creep out a girl is to call her 10 times in a row from inside her closet.
waiting for it will only make it sweeter
I'm glad there are people out there WHO share my pain. Stay stong!
this weather giving my hair to much life
Of course you should. You are Joshua. You enjoy such things.
take my life & let it be, all for you & for your glory. take my life & let it be yours. <3
see? see? Haha
I ment to say I found and behind greenwood
more contests & free #drivnapparel teeshirt/hoodie giveaways to follow -- so keep it here blah, blah blah.... and all that shit
are you okay? D:
Green and yellow!!! Time for foot ball!
Bring Kids to Stop Shootin's Holiday Toy Drive and Festival. 1,000 Toys for children in need. The Barat Foundation 765 Broad Street, NWK, NJ
“: I refuse to believe I will marry anyone except a football or baseball player #athleticgirlprobz”
Many insects can carry 50 times their own body weight
Reports surface of rampant prescription medicine abuse by former #NFL players
Todays MBA movie is Radio. Never seen it, but I will soon be writing about the conventional level of moral development portrayed.
I&#39;m Blowing This Pedestal Stand - Pundit Kitchen: Lol News and Lol ...
Good luck with whatever you come up with! : Trying to conger up a good excuse. Any suggestions?
#Vote for Ken Leonczyk if you want a congressman who believes in small government, freedom of religion and
Rev Brown don't need 2 kno all yo biz.
sounds like "2 broke girls" but please tell me it was a little better?
Also a lot of Radcliffe's glasses didn't have the actual lenses in them. He just wore the frames for fear of breaking the lens.
This character is of course "Humpty Dumpty," and he of course was an EGG!
do you actually pay your bills or just flake out on people that do things for you?????
worried about the student who cited a free paper from 123helpme.com as a source for his research paper
If you were for real and a good person you can be powerful w/o money misjudgment makes a person think only money brings power
Make sure you have all the power your company needs for those construction projects where the snow has cleared! www.SolisEnergy.com
excited for it to I am a carytown worker myself and am always excited to see new things coming our way
Your the best I'm a singer check out my web www.popgoesthegio.com
i have no idea...my sis friend id having a party...bt its def older and intellectual..idc u know i wanna puff lol
Just read: Circuit City closing 155 stores. Happy Holidays?
meek mill is really that shit where the fuck i been.... #life Y.o.l.o.
He is some type of lab/retriever mix. Things seems to be going fine so far... Just a completely different routine.
She wants my lemonade 🙆
Faded 7 outs on turn to double. 265 BB pot. Got 103k
LMFAO. Nah, I'm gonna join it and talk to him :')
Consider This: Your Feedback
hey BTW. You need to be my agent now. I need some top level corpo sponsors for my SBX races this winter. Set that shizit up.
i think you guys care more about #JakeFricksTribalAnkleTat than
The year of two penises
yes it's all ages. :) we friends on Facebook?
I'm writing a paper on the Shit People Say vids and just saw Shit White Girls Say to Arab Girls. SO GOOD.
Cool! Thanks:) !
How is 10 still making those God awful sexist commercials?! Like, seriously, why would you make another one?!
Waiting for reservations @ La Rochelle SHIBUYA Japan
hahaha!! no... i don't get it.
My heart wont stop beating ..come on spurs don't do this to me smh
Seeing and July 1st at the taste of Joliet. Can't wait<3
The Alzheimer's Association Of Greater Indiana is asking for your help. Read below and follow the link for more details. Because of...
Wanted to test drive the CR-Z but they only had manuals...and I don't know how to drive manuals. Boo!
I've been applying all over the place. Banks, hotels, fast food chains, etc. Nothing coming.
right on
Nothing Darlin, I'm just off being a mischievous little runt today. The last few sneak-ups weren't calm. Those poor followers lol.
early bird gets da worm:)
Romney says the President doesn't understand that every business doesn't succeed.
The only place you can tickle yourself, is the top of your mouth.
Just seeing "Dave Hatch" makes me sad. That poor man. And his poor liver. I *do* hope I did him one proud, finally. Cheers, Dave!
Big Ten tourney starts today against Iowa 1:30 on ESPN2...Go Blue! A win puts us against OSU!
Hands, durability, blocking, production RT : can somebody tell me what attributes Chris Polk has that separate him from Turbin?
New Album and film coming soon from Levi Chen! Look for good news on the Chinese New Year (January 23)!!!
I know :-( it needs help.
they are not. Don't blame them
Rebeca Tomas is at Theater 80 on St. Mark's and it is an incredible flamenco performance featuring music and dance. Last show tonite
i d k Josh just im fucking lost right now i dont know what to do.!!
Uh said i snore loud he hasnt even esdgjjgwgu
Sometimes (like now) I wish I had the skill of inception.
Health insurance brokers are FREE & the best people to use if u r interested in a plan to suit your budget & needs:...
Some girls look like they're storing babies in their boobs.
im not sitting myself or janelle so idk who youre referring to #fullofyourselfmuch?
I'm from Wisconsin. I don't think you know what you're getting yourself into. It will end poorly for you. FACT.
this would be great for
UH-OH!!! RT : Does your business do business with Bank of America? Our advise is to place your funds somewhere safer.
We're at the Asian Festival today and tomorrow. Stop by and see us friends!
Yard work I do not have a green thumb, glad the grass is bermuda.
Currently in the middle of the first day of winter soccer camps!
No good. Too many people know the combination.
Thursday Night Football starts tonight..
My book, 1-800 Awesome, will teach you how to position yourself to increase your personal hourly rate by being a healthier,
god morning
Geometry is so easy!
big Kelly clarkson fan arentcha?
is currently searching for good dead squirrel pics. -lauren
Ever thought about the economics of perfume? The rich literally do smell different than the poor. That's so Discovery Channel!
Thanks! Sounds delicious. :)
Diligence is the mother of good fortune
Thank you for your message, we are so glad that you are enjoying our content. Please let us know if you have any questions.
Oh yeah lavender-scented deodorant! So my armpits will finally get the sleep they need.
BANGKOK DUB NETWORK : PURƎEVILRECORDS
There's an apartment complex on Park Ave near George Flagg Pkwy. They take pets. Good Luck! :-)
lol. I'm just playing. Calm down ha.
I work this weekend night. Panama 12's. Next week is my short week
pedo lookalikes with Asian wives part 1.
i have to change the channel every time they come on, especially if im eating
At Pucketts downtown in Nashville then shopping:))
Grow up.
": Haters are pathetic" What is it you're doing again...?
: You too!
Thank you to all fans who came out to support MURFC. The A-side improved to 1-1 on the season with the 17-5 victory over Northern Michigan
guys if you're good at making t shirt designs- GO FOR IT. And send them to me and if I like them, I'll use them for my concert merch.
I don't think we've spoken before. What's up? I'm gonna do "Judas" tonight at karaoke :)
Preparing for another full day of shooting tomorrow.
I had to laugh out loud because it's the truth for me too sometimes! Here's to smoking hot bodies this summer & beyond.
The Sleep Diet. We love it!
Absolutely loving the comparison of music composition to brand identity composition using Beethoven and M83.
OSHA Thai delivers now, hell yes
After Effects skill or Photoshop skills? : I'm looking for a FCP editor with major gfx skills for a full time/long term gig (t ...
Call me buddy one more time, you dumbass, insolent redneck. 😡
I slept for like fifteen hours straight, but no amount of sleep will ever be good enough to make me awake aghhh
the three stouges looks funny as hell.
Had so much fun in Atlanta over the last week... Back in Florida now and ready to catch up with my besties & get some beach time in :)
Thanks muchly. (or is that mulchly? ;-) )
“: Lakers definitely took that one in the ass tonight.”
Done! Good morning!
ima get soo drunk today i might beat up a russian kid lol
How often you like to read blogs updates? Daily? Weekly? Monthly? Your answers will help me a great deal.:)
Theres only one person I want 2 talk 2 n I cant cuz Ive been a complete bitch for the past couple months tho I dont think they noticed
I wish I was actually old enough to date at least half of the guys that I actually like...
"If it wasn't for you i would never be who i am" This lyric means so much to me, honestly.
August 2nd is my birthday. (: You are so cute and talented! (:
Watching Braveheart right now. It really makes you think about how so many people take freedom for granted these days.
I encountered that earlier. Switch to reading mode. Problem solved.
Listeninn to Music.! !
You should fix that.
Working my Butt Off everyday of the week right now... I don't have time to tweet much these days. :(
S/o the homie !! keep doing what u do my nig! Tell a hater choke on a sick one!
Nor did I. I have higher hopes for Dictator, but will still probably wait for it on cable. I'm not a movie person
Forecast for Thursday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Local visibility...
sounds good, let's talk soon to schedule both
I am still awake & have to be up in 5 hrs.I do my best thinking when I am trying to fall asleep.The dogs are snoring & now I am hungry! :(
PRINT, PURCHASE & SAVE! Rebates available on Artograph products Extended to December 20, 2009. VISIT www.artograph.com/rebate for details.
It corrected just now... ...double purr.
lets pray..he's healthy!
Know your wedding gown fabric in case of a spill. Stains are more easily removed from synthetic fibers than natural fibers.
Im just letting everyone know.. I am not the one to fuck with!! Ill drop hell ontop of your stupid little fuckin head in 1.5 seconds! IDGAF.
Got family/friends in town? Bring them to ! We're OPEN regular hours today, 12/24. (But we're closed tomorrow!)
Ron artest is dumb fot changing his name
Burlington is the stuff. Great accessories!
I have no idea where my boss goes during the day
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees. -J. Willard Marriott
Happy Pi Day!! A Number that never ends....3.1415926535…What's your favorite kind of pie??
One expects Jimmy and Herc to feel disrespected. Both got washed out when they thought they weren't done. Herc was right.
tyga montana is pretty good too
Cleaning for my mom and surprising her at the hospital was a success! there were happy tears. :) But I'm so exhausted it's ridiculous.. 
good job last night!! Can't wait to see ya next week!!! See you soon at work!
yeaah I guess it's so weird.
I LOVE THAT KEY SWAGG BOY
We fight, get jealous & sometimes get mad at other Mahomies. But in the end, we still stick together. Mahomies are a family<3
random fact.... beer is good
Get Money & Have Fun Spendin It!!!
I love using phone to tweet but what good is phone when stranded son can't reach parents bc #sprint down for receiving texts/calls 5+hrs
we luv penis
thanks for saying goodbye after our special night ....jerk
Goodnight #Smarties ! Go watch Nathan's video!<3
still interesting ...
Let's go #Tigers, verlander as an underdog is something you don't see often
If you don't mind Sarah tagging along, consider them taken!
All my life I've wanted to be noticed, like on TV or the Internet, but how can I do that is I am terrified of people?Wait til I'm famous! :)
2011 Production Projected to Fall Depending on who you ask, next year's residential originations could vary by $400 billion.
get well "chosen"we need u healthy moma, luv u
well I also carpooled and took the bus some.
plus I have a big trip coming up in 2 weeks so a lot going on right now....sorry but I need a wee breather once in a while
Looking at my workout for today and I'm doing legs today.
Give Pat my thanks for her hospitality today. Lauren enjoyed the site visit @ the Matilda Joslyn #Gage home tremendously.
I kno the feelin RT : I want to be done....... Done completely with him.....
No Bernadette Peters ???
RT : The #LuckyStrike givewaway rocks! Definitely crossing fingers on that one! << Yes it does!
Can someone explain NASCAR to me?
So did Adam and Eve have belly buttons??? They weren't born like we were ...
so it was Shaun Daniels?
": Everything's crashing down."
Jordyn is so cute "Ashawee I miss you"
It is, isn't it? I love the high-intensity. Zach also teaches at Fit. Love them both.
im playing call of duty!!! CUZ ALL I SEE ARE GRENADES!! ;')
do you ever work? RT : So excited to climb the Grand Teton next week with
going out with some friends yeah baby :D
Dude! I was dying!
I jus play wit my check u kno i been had cake
congratulations and welcome to the family!
Being under pressure is highly inevitable in my habitat but I'm never under pressure cause I keep the pressure under me.
40 days all be changed .. Beleedat!
your gunna do AMAZING tonight on the #AMAS !
P.S. Lemme know when you wanna collect the phone.
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can. - Danny Kaye.
A nigga always ready ..
This is The Story is Here
ALL YOU FUCKING HAVE TO DO IS TEXT ME.
Let each other talk without censoring, making wrong or getting defensive
Mr Fuller you haft to chalk it up!
Poised Creation is on the look out for great videographers! If u can cut a deal, hollar at us!
RT I'm very not into engaging strangers at all. I like to pretend I am in a steel vault in public.
nothing like two great rides to chase the blues away <3 my horses
A rescue?
hell yeah!
Widmer Brothers Hefeweizen is slightly tart, with fresh malt & good bitterness. Refreshing!
Of course - and I knew that! What can I say - foiled by a typo.
Hackers are still spamming me and telling me people are saying bad things about me.......
thanks for the RT
And my day is getting worse and worse.
Hey Hey long time no talk but always keeping up with u !!! Let's catch up soon.......
most girls right now would be "everything i said to him was lie anyway"..yeah,not me. i dont take back anything i said.
how close was Peyton in becoming the Packers coach? Thank God!!!
Time to pass out. Not sure I can even manage to squeeze reading in first. So tired, and long couple days ahead....
I hate it when my teacher is being a total dick... Specially after Such an awesome weekend :3.
I loved 10 Inch Hero, Jensen was amazing! I will have it at work today, in case you stop by :)
Omg I'm having an amazing night hahaaha
ik she came out of her cave we went shoppin today together
Ok from my last tweet I didn't get his name right. All I know is that I feel like a school girl when I talk about him. Lol
Hughes pitched better tonight. But he still hasn't gone that deep into any games. Not even 6 innings tonight. We need more
Just realized i tweet the boys at the most random times possible..like they arent even on what is this bullshizzle
Separated at birth! RT : I feel honored that and I tweeted two of the same articles. Or he stole my tweets ;-)
Lottery fever is sweeping what is normally a staid and rational office at the press...
What sayeth the DSM IV about that?
#Thankyou all for following me!!
CONGRATULATIONS !!!!!!! That's amazing! <3
Musicians must be able to identify their product lineup and give their fans a way to receive that artwork!
Just want this work day to be over. Grrrr
Mommy dearest found the wire hanger!
Braun should get the night off more often.
I love that! When u know you know!
I just watched it last night! She was amazing, I love her best in the devil wears Prada though
shoot i can't lay down all day... That's why its taking me so long to get better...
That always thrills me and my wallet, too!
And the three rules for presentations are... come to the talk and find out!
Got a few older ones that shud b looked sum AAU ppl, but I'll keep them plenty busy this summer either way I assure u!!!
thanks so much! :)
I am too she put a beeper on the fridge so it goes off when you open it and I'm not allowed in it. yes I am 3 years old.
people around you can't comprehend why you do the things you do,or why you fight so hard for something that seems to cause you so much pain
Watching Impact Wrestling....with the mute button on cause it's way WAY better lol.
FSP White FlexFit hats are now ON SALE! Visit the "Shop Now" section in Facebook!
Talk that talk bby!!!!!
Hopefully meeting & the rest of one week before my 19th birthday #Novemberhurryupplease!! :D
I want in on all three of those bike rides! It's almost your birthday, lady! Crabby cancers...;)
Would it be inappropriate to call s presentation friggin' pimp? Yes? No?
.. for recapping what a great wk I had & thinking "How can I make it better nxt wk?" RT : You tell me: Fridays are _______________!
That's so exciting! :)
Voted #3 on the Best Places to Work in Albuquerque, join Bank of Albuquerque for an Open House (informational session) on Thursday, January…
A3. To start have a firm strategy. Social targeting is a great marketing method if you can get your target response.
Thanks for listening and singing after I gave the testimony. Have a good week.
last slide "I willz hack fer tuna"
Went and looked around the TTU campus in Cookville.
Is my MLB app going crazy or has 's voice dropped an octave? Still sounds great.
If you're an FIU Panthers fan, you should definitely follow Cool Panther gear!
God. What malleable dillweeds you are.
you ain't kidding!
29 to win. Theoretically, a chasable total even with 1 wicket in hand, if PAK just stop batting the way they've been batting this over.
try Camille Armstrong she should know of something.
They say love is the key ... Somebody changed the lock . <\3
WHATS THE WORD BRO IM OUTCHEA!!!
All your life you hear people say it doesnt matter if you win or lose as long as you did ur best etc.. Feels Damn good when u win 1 though.
If the articles linking him to United are accurate appraisals of his ability, he should be scoring overhead goals every game. Haha
“: Im going to call you Classy Cody(; #PureClass” good I idea(; i like it(: -Soph
Duplications of my new music will be done today, so i can send to radio stations. exciting stuff for sure
cuz he locked up
alright, I'm outta here. catch u kids later. xo
I know u r a librarian and all, but you would be the best Indy bookstore proprietor. I would go broke buying books from you.
No more live stream... Sorry!
Hugs are good! RT : They don't hate you, they just need a hug. 's Jason Duty on negative online commenters.
I think im going to bed. Night
GREEKS FREE TONIGHT @ #INFERNO!!! COME HELP THE AKAs CELEBRATE THE GRAND FINALE!!!!!!!!
Sorry if that story was misleading to say that people would have to pay interest while still in school.
Perfect! I'll see you at SBUX next Wednesday! Yeah, finally!!
f BrazilLovesAustinMahone f
Don't know what I want but I know it's not you Keep pushing and pulling me down to you,When I know in my heart it's not you
is right. Our side had better start fighting back, and hard. America can't afford to lose this war.
All that lol
Hope you enjoy it!
#FF David Garland () - the #1 non-boring business show! I LOVE his show.
new Jamiroquai and new Eve6!? what is this the early 00s?!
the Justin beiber freak out was probably the best thing I've seen on the jumbotron all season. Too funny!
surabaya,lo pi?
To work in Hollywood, an actor needs to be on purpose & "be on fire." The trick is to keep going through the rejections and no agent help.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught. :) :)
sorry but the site is down due to project overload. DM me and I'll link you to my personal site
We’ve got pizza. What you got?
My mom treats me like I'm a criminal when I'm on the computer all day. At least I'm not like most teenagers getting high right now.
@ BROOK DA STREETZ MUSIC GROUP LOVE YOU FOR THAT MENTION SO WITH ALL RESPECT SHOT OUTS TO YOU
Am I the only one that likes goosebumps..?
Part of me doesn't wanna go to sleep yet
HE GOT 2 CHAINZ... I GOT 2 EARRINGZ... WHICH MEANS I'M STILL IN THE GAME... ;-0
Love your photography! Nice to see what you've been up to since Hercules. Hug to U.
our CEO is also trapeze adept...
Day #1 of our 1st camp of the summer (out of 145) in the books. Felt great being on the court
you are neither an alley nor a shrimp!
FREE PHOTO SHOOT to the person who refers my 500th follower...just tell people to follow me...so easy! (Thank you for the support)!
Our pleasure -- thank you!
Novak seriously needs to chill with the discount double check
within reasonable time, and the question also grammatically implies "new" (thank that little "-er" on the end of "stronger")
What's your favorite way to spend the weekend?
Thank you Anne Holliday and WESB-AM in Buffalo, NY - great interview!! Love your show!
- will be organizing another ArtsTechSF for March! Perhaps you could make March your once a year (-:
I wear baseball caps a lot. Especially when the top is down on the car or I'm playing golf.
Pima County's redistricting committee nothing but a dog and pony show
I have no idea (X and random but can you put any earing in your cartelige or is there a specific cartelige ring????
Kudos for plugging
Thought I was a master of collective nouns, but didn't know the crash of rhinoceri. Dance of deadlines, though: just right. Thx.
JVR and SIMMONDS are Horrible. The Flyers havent been the same since JVR came back.
my lover, my life.
Take a shot 4 me
"Learn what works and what doesn't..." has got to be the laziest marketing copy of all time. Right up there with "now more than ever..."
Actually there is a #WineChat that started on Sundays but I think it is on Mondays now during other chats.
wait what? Hahaha
thanks for the follow. Do you know what's the latest on the Aqib Talib trial? It starts soon...?
I would officially like to welcome to the Twitterverse. #2Tall2Fall!
Senator Marty: when old people have been up too long.
Puppies are so freaking cute!!!!
ooh... you're up against Harvey. Maybe if I stand in the right place I can hear you both.
Well, I'm glad you're feeling a little better anyway. :)
I watched it too.. kinda... the volume wasn't on... I probably would've cried if it was on though..... you know how I am...
yes they are.
Thanks! We can't wait either. Shouldn't be long...
Patchy frost around town. More likely west of downtown. Lows in upper 30's. Sunny once again tomorrow with temperatures reaching low 70's
Second cup of coffee for the day #addicted &
Helping kids is what we do! We would love to have ya make it happen with us. Check us out!
ah...you better tweet some more..
I'm soo hungry!
he'll be back for the finals we good
My show Dino Dan coming this fall on Nick Jr :) *giggles*
That played out pretty much exactly as I had feared it would. Still, nice, and unexpected, run
windin' down from the long weekend... work tomorrow.
us three are no longer friends
Paul George throwing it down
The fact that Nerlens is announcing in the coolest way possible makes me want him at UK even more.
How ya been?
City just said it plans to introduce police reports showing the area is unsafe, and 7 witnesses
OMG, I have never worked with a worse carrier - can't answer an iphone question - three different opinions.
I'm sure it will and we can't wait
Have a drink. -clink- Found the Bud Light.
I wish I cared more, but I guess it just doesn't mean much to me. I'd have trouble naming the last five winners
Thanks to all of our friends for your support yesterday! We are so fortunate to have this opportunity and amazing people to share it with.
Boyfriend dump me for my enime why some guys have to be jerks☹
Join us tomorrow night for Cafe Bohemia's "Wetback" by Elaine Romero directed by Samantha Wyer in the intimate setting of The Temple Lounge!
Common sentences I hear. "who's Carlos?" he's my phone. He has his own name. And a cradle in my car
Where have u been?
Being a social entrepreneur these days isn't just GREAT! I haven't paid 4 a lunch in 2 months. People invite me 2 share ideas & eat 4 free!
I'm digging through the crates!
The rain has cleared and there's a lovely breeze here at Club50! Join us tonight for #HappyHour!
Still love Ferris B...cute..wish Cameron would have been along for ride in the Honda
if i text you back even once you should feel honored because im an awful texter
I was a skeptic until she found me a convenient repair shop when my bike chain snapped on my ride home yesterday.
#RiseNGrind First stop Starbucks so I can make it through the day!
Something bout' a truck..
It's all good except it misses ! Hows B.Wood? x
4 more to get to 800 followers, anyone fancy giving me a hand?
Thanks for the follow !
RT : . regents just voted to help fund Austin med school. Huge step toward modern health care system....
jdibi 2alla yekhdak... apple is ahead of who wle? samsung is the world's biggest smartphone manufacturer.
Can't even get on right now!!! The site is that jammed!!! Headed to Rupp in a few hours!!!
<<<<the abuse has taken on twitter this morning, welcome to the real world
smh looks like ur orlando magic gon have a short playoff run my boy
My cousin's husband broke his three-year silence with me. Asked me if his mother-in-law's margaritas were made with a mix.
"The difference between you and God is that God doesn’t think He’s you." - Anne Lamott (via joycegarcia). RT
Kenny King and Rhett Titus are backstage. They express their disappointment that they have to wait even longer for their title shot.
Girls need to start looking for guys who have goals, ambitions, & an education, because 10yrs from now "swag" isn't going to pay the bills.
Sometimes u just get tired of certain people...just fed up with the constant bs.
Corey! Love me the long ball!
Why is the tornado alarm going off....?
u know Jack u and sweety make a gorgeous couple lol she's on my profile page right now lol
Friday night. Fallout: New Vegas. Heaven.
Slow down
'if you want to really do a good job at urban affairs coverage, love it.' 'you can learn what you don't know.'
Horny as hell! Need to get fucked...
Ben Sheets patrolling center field for the #Brewers today.
Coldplay. For those of you who are hating go ahead and see them live. Life. Changing.
Now Look At What You've Done!
just got it!
i will watch the view for you
Oddly enough, starting class w/one of Matt Groening's School is Hell comic strips turns students into a happy, almost heavenly group.
I was not cooking no reason.
So true! Just shopped at the Indian School store with my wife tonight. Love the staff there
The next seasonal beer styles I will anticipate are hefeweizens, wheat ales and dunkelweizens which are summer beers. Skip the spring!
At least you have me. :) #theatremajor ()
i really think if i died right now no one would care
It's Friday, Friday...but what is even better is reminiscing about 90210's musical guests back in the day at the Peach Pit.
where are those JJ&R t-shirts online to buy (and WHITE visors and yoga pants) we heard about? Dang...!
NOTHING'S FINE, I'M TORN.
3 hours left to come buy some !!! Come through and show some LOVE!
AWESOME. Some really really good things in it.
My sister just brought me sushi from Bonsai <3
Can't ever go wrong with Dolce and Gabbana and Louboutins.
Why can't you buy a Kindle Fire?
I did read online the critics calling out the metaphor, not that you are a critic ... gah.
I don't stalk people on Facebook I just want to no what they r doing all the time.
kianna said go home!
RT : First day of exams and a bitter-cold day on the Hilltop. Perfect day to stay warm and study -- good luck everyone!
I would have presented at #FLACon2012 this year, but they denied my application for "Librarians & Pantsuits: a Match Made in the Stacks"
“: I like chocolate cakes. I like that. And so on. So we didn’t have any illusions about communism.” Quite obviously.
Proposal to shorten election day voting hours shot down ... again
It's no way I'd be a street hustler today because they dont make any $. You'd come out better working @ McDonalds.
James Bond <3
I think a titanic account followed me just cuz Leo DiCaprio is my bg...
Wow - small world sometimes isn't it? Thanks for the RT. Have a great week!
Dam im tired as shit that black ops be havin a nigga up all night
hey im down to link up. Dm me your number. And wer can i check out ya musik
GOSY hit a high of 120% Hats off to the editor another triple digit winner
HOW U BEEN
I hope someday to get a mom of my own and experience this "counting"
omg cute.
Especially proud of our partially-hometown hero Mark Ruffalo, who seriously mastered Bruce Banner/Hulk, balancing terror & comedy perfectly.
Goodnight Dashawn <3'----- :'( I couldn't even talk too you. '-sad moment -' :(
Read at RADAR tonight at 6pm at the library? I'll pay you $100!
Yes, the hound was strange, but not as strange as Irene Adler
I hate these lonely nights...
Driving out of the school parking lot blasting Getting weird looks.
Its hot as hell outside today
A4 #FutrChat Get comfier with food in the spaces! I'm not talking messy bbq (or am I?)
Thanks for the #FF!
Today I am truly thankful. Thank you family.
RT : My favorite quote happens to be from Ted Turner, "Early to bed. Early to rise. Work like hell and advertise."
Looks like you got hacked!
more followers everyday good looking yall
My bestfriend be laughing at everything i fckin say (YoyoBan!)
ha! smartass holiday greetings
TWITTER CONTEST! We are giving away 3 fabulous prizes. A Brazilian Blowout (1st), a 1 hour Swedish Massage (2nd), and a Classic Mani (3rd)!
Oh yeah, my car thermometer is reading 11°, CrAzY! ♥
Thank you friends, fam, contributors, #Affiliates. +#WomenBuild~^~2012 doing #SocialGood globally and in the clouds.
im not ignoring u shut up
Happy birthday to the amazing, phenomenal !
White Bear PR will be heading to SXSW next month! March 11-14. Please let us know if you'll be there.
lakers forever baby!!!!
Meh my life is ok....boring lately i wish i could take some salsa and pour it on my life to spice it up :D
In MKY, hanging with Patrick O'Rourke in the LA, good times!
I'm related to the de la Pole family. Edmund de la Pole, Countess of Salisbury & Henry Pole were relatives who were killed. Boo!
we will take all the thoughts and prayers we can get!! I'll pass them along! Thanks!
Food trucks are so cool the lines are at least 30 Mins long.
awh thanks girl love and miss you.(:
where do you put all the sausage?
Lightning and Prince Digo @ Hongs HQ today. Atom 1 presides over day1 of guitar overdubs. work on PetScans continues...
I'm bringing a stack of logs to burn under my desk tomorrow.
cool where dis u get it done?
blah.so.BORED>>>>>>>.tweetme =D lol
Portillos is going to get ransacked by my mouth.
So glad about Theodore and Garrison back tonight! Awesome news :)
DON'T SLEEP "DINGBATT" IS COMMIN SOON....
Grandmas are the BEST
holy hell. Where oh where can I still buy Fresca?
I am so tired man. I'm seriously sitting here, drinking coffee and laughing to myself about how tired I am.
you have gorgeous eyes sweetie.
yay!!!! “: Only 44 days until the 2012 Summer Camp Music Festival!”
THERE SHOWING A MOVIE ON MTV AM I ON THE RIGHT CHANNEL?! WUT
Nope #idowhatiwant and don't forget the fuzzy house slippers. I gotta walk her, I'm doing it my way.
Love to see u, all thing beautiful in Brooklyn visit their event info Soho -guess who will be there next weekend?
He would be a penniless hack. Once a hack, always a hack.
Why are the numbers on a calculator and a phone reversed?
“: Don't ever change yourself for someone, if they don't appreciate the way you are, find someone who will.”
Please let me know if we can bring you anything tomorrow. I'm going in late (at 9), so could stop by in the AM.
Can't wait for Sunday! We'll be giving $1000 Off room rentals at at booth #304. Please Share!!
We would love to talk with you about doing an episode on what we are doing in the neighborhood of Oliver in Baltimore City.
Cats take out Texas :p
Government taking you backwards...sounds standard?
Lovely shutout, Lundqvist!
I feel like it would be insulting to Mother Nature not to enjoy some wine on this glorious day.
Good Morning all. Hope everyone is having a good morning! Have questions about your upcoming event? Need ideas? Give us a call!
Hello Metroplex !!Black Friday today !! everybody has been since midnight buying C U 2NIGHT @ Mambocafé Dallas !!
2012 Music Goals Part II: 1- Tour 2- Perform 3- Drop 2 more dope videos 4- Clothing/Shoe/Cosmetic deal 5- Find new management
Kind of mesmerized by 's perfectly texturized hair. Going to request messy twists for my next blowout-sick of my loose waves!
When u can tell who farted in class< lol
Enjoying the #wbagala in Madison! Bunch of radio & TV people in WI all dressed up. Wait, TV peeps always look good
Boring ass Friday.
I was surprised! She's too sweet
Learning about file formats and bit rot/corruption issues... we went from policies to practice in record time.
So you live on SI doing the same old shit with the same old people, you're dirty as fuck, and you wanna act cocky?
Tech field day starting with Kaminario
Cabby strikes out the side!
still need your help getting MLK day off
thank you! Love all ya'll! XOXO
Hope everyone is getting ready for classes, and what better way than to join us for an afternoon of Chinese coffee and treats! 8/17 @ 3:00
Those are fun...
Nailed it!!!!
I woke up this morning and said: "Today is going to be a good day" :)
#TwitterCrushes are LOVE THEM they are all so talented and very sweet :)
He Hit His Head. But Soon As I Pulled Out That Icecream Sandwich He Shut Up -_-
At The Focus in Huntington, WV with ICRIS, Gorilla's of Gospel and Dizz...hip hop in da WV!!!!!
my last day is on Thursday and I get out at 3:30...I'm home now though ha I got a ride ....
Donald Driver is one I my all-time favorite #packers . Very happy for that guy.
just liked your fb page and followed you on tumblr! xx.
we don't like to brag, but you can! thanks!
Dan's My Turn, Lakefront Brewing, Milwaukee: bronze in Baltic porter (28)
It took something no one wanted in order for something to happen that everyone needed. Powerful word from
Watching the Grammys and doing my taxes.
Why would someone describe themselves as a cereal entrepreneur? Are Toasty-Ohs that profitable? What? Oh, "serial". Okay.
let's make a fort!
def ate and drank too much but trip was so fun. Downtown is awesome.
Can somebody tell me what is doing in Miami? lol cuz obviously hes not going to answer me . sadly.
Agreed, NBA is over ratted! : “: F the NBA. College ball is so much more worthwhile anyway.”
The wise saying...changes lives...
Just unfollowed someone for saying "who the heck is Bon Iver?"
i wish we didnt have to! I miss the way he always pinched my face when he said nice to see you. Such a wonderful soul
Welcome to our favorite spot in Texas
That's not why I'm asking. Just remembered I had wanted to read it.
!...You se attack the block? So pumped for the ripper dog!!!!
damn that insulating foam! once the straw breaks, its worthless. ugh.
Failure. Spectacular failure. Also shame related to failure.
Will be having another (smaller) informational meeting today at noon for people looking to get involved! #servemarketing RT!
but they did eventually take your money, I'll bet.
Cool, just let me know
I hate the way grass smells when it gets cut...
Crossing off summer TODO lists. I've trained my eyes to scan for ink density, and ignore beyond a threshold
so sickly. :(
JESSE MCCARTNEY IS MAKING NEW MUSIC. #ehmagawdtimes3 !!
Vans book signing tonight was AWESOME with Van Doren, Alva and Cab. Got new Vans as a gift from Van Doren. Pics tomorrow :)
thanks for the #ff... How u doin
I don't know how to process that
RT if you are a Mahomie and you are online? <3
Remake love. RT Love doesn't just sit there like a stone; it has to be made, like bread, remade all the time, made new.
Greetings everyone!
I miss you buddy
do you tweet all your articles? I want my life to be interrupted when you post something.
Workout. Check. Cup o joe. Check. Breakfast. Check. Feeling great. Check. #Winning........always :)
Sounds like Madison is a bit too north but I'll keep my eyes/ears open for anything that might fit!
Sunday is time! Tune in for laughs (and some serious stuff too) w/Dan and Casey. See www.nursetalksite.com for details.
oh you will be the first to know!
Probably in reference to his 3-iron.
your supposed to be there for me right now but your just not going to talk to me.
nope, no one. How about you?
Paterno doesn't "coach"...he watches the game from the sidelines.
ah I love someone like you! It would be amazing if we could play IM5s song! :D
KING $HIT
enjoying this heat and humidity. Anytime to grab a beer around town
Mother's Day in the Cromartie household must have been a nightmare.
lololool you stupid!
MySpace Updated!!! Stay tuned for News Block events and song releases!
im great, how are u
the 1st round's on me!
Write without pay until someone offers to pay - Mark Twain
And 49% of apps are found by a search on the app store; 34% from a personal referral.
OKAY CUZ I WAS FINNA TAKE OFF! U GOTTA SPEAK UP! LOL
I think I'm going to have to hire some more people to the #Photochyck crew. It's getting harder to do it all by myself.
don't remember the exact syntax for the ln command but that should dump all Chrome's cache files into oblivion. :-)
Yeah, but we'd know you'd been REALLY good if it had been for free \m/TACOS\m/
Now on Netflix Instant: Office Space (you're welcome)
<3 the new belgian white cider from thanks
Catch me smoking weed where the wild things are!
yea I know, I worked there for 15 hours last Wednesday lol. How do you like it?
thanks for the follow
I never had this bad of a traffic issue with greyhound, must be a newer driver
yeah :-/ i never developed a lump or anything though, lol.
Day 2 of #MLW12 just about to start. Adm. Mike Mullen to keynote.
Doing a shoot at Confluence with team Overweight to Endurance Athletes
look on MARC scheds, generally only board passengers N of Baltimore though
So this is what Cat Scratch Fever looks like ...Pure Hate and Ted Nuggent now has it.... NRA may catch it GOP has it.
RT : Any fans of the movie Morning Glory ..... i thought it was pretty good!
SO I HAVE TO REALLY SIT THRU THIS GAME -_-
If you see an onion ring - answer it!
Check out and at the Pepsi Lounge.
Hyperventilating is awesome.
Connor are you pumped for your prom that drew is going to?
TONIGHT: Naked Third Thursdays at !! Great lineup: + more !! It's going 2 be #CrayCray !!
Do you have a peanut-free night this year?
My room smells like nothing but sharpie.
can't sleep because all of these damn bitches. ugh I feel so sorry and I hate them all
You and me both, sister.
The New Hit Single "Break Me Down"Featuring Timothy Haze will finally be leaked to the public Tomorrow @ 2pm I hope everyone enjoys it!
Sorry - meant to include !
if that were actually true why no, you know jobs?
PickUpLine: Do you like short love affairs? I hate them. I've got all weekend.
Being healthy to us means being active in our community's future through volunteering.
This year's tight job market is likely to be a small blip on Gen Y's otherwise positive life trajectory. - HBR
may I have the country of origin? And could you use it in a sentence?
The whole thing makes me laugh. Every sentence is a joke.
happy birthday!
Last chance to shop for Mother's day! Come get her something she'll love at Bath & Body Bistro! We've got what you need!
sorry to be a bummer on such a beautiful day, but your site's down.
Is it passive aggressive to tweet about not sending passive aggressive tweets?
tell all ur followers to follow me i will follow them back pplllllzzz <3
I'm looking at #RNC on #seesaw. That's all you need. Hashtags on the big screen. SOLD :)
GAMEDAY!!! opens a huge series at Stetson at 630pm! Listen on
Good grief, if Walker applied the same math skills at Marquette as he did on WI's job numbers, how did he ever graduate college?
My next goal is to play all the Pokemon games and beat them all.
haha guess so!
I agree and was thinking it has to come to NYC soon too. If that gets announced, I definitely plan to partake in festivities!
Thanks! Hope we can construct one of these this spring in Charlottetown
We're submitting your pics, blog posts, new project plans, etc. from #THATCamp Games to the THATCamp proceedings this weekend; please share!
Now that song is stuck in my head .
not the same. Facebook 1 twitter 0
are you ever gonna Skype again?
#outnumbered is hilarious! "The romantic poets were a bunch of emos"
trust me, no u don't! It's terrible!
take a shot for me
hey.! I saw your human billboard today at kiss 98.5.! It looked really good(: I was there too haha
4 more days till my birthday!!😊🎉🎂
4th Annual Miss Black and Gold Scholarship Pageant is this Sunday!!! Come support these girls!
We need to not forget He is the fulfillment of the Law
Receive new opportunities!
10 Tablas Creek Antithesis #Chardonnay. Classic CA Chard. Butterscotch, creme brûlée nose. Continues on palate. Buttery velvet 94 pts
Hey, I salute you for that. I can't even watch ASPCA commercials--I start tearing up once "I will remember you" starts up.
i dontt have any :(
Just Happy!! uhhuuuuuu!!
How do ads impact price? As much as you would hope. Strong emotional connection = permission to charge premium.
I'm on the way
Planning a Party??? ---> www.patrickscatering.com
My phone hates me :/
I pray I have tomorrow off
“: they didn't fall! But wasn't it amazing! :) #BoomBoomHey “: "Creep" - don't fall!" -- Absolutely!
hell nah I hopped out the car and ran!
So Customers being extra nice today... talking bout they love my name..guna name they kids after me n stuff lol o__0
Me too! I sing the praises of the morning people. But I'm an afternoon/evening crossfitter.
#lrnchat are we back to sage on the stage Vs guide on the side Vs no guide and a very sketchy map?
plugged the lamp above my desk into the outlet attached to the lamp and then wondered why it wouldn't turn on....
.... Standing next to the most gorgeous Guy. :)
RT Whoever organised a fun run in the park opposite our house that started blasting music a 7 but was finished by 9 isn'...
lime myself?
I guess I should go look at the new Google+ everyone is talking about.
I believe he was out at a bar with family back in Mullingar.....I think he met her there.
has a rough workout ahead tonight... definitely taking it easy until then.
Young yes. I saw him and he is Top 10. Staubach I didn't see but imagine he's somewhere on the fringe of Top 10.
Happy birthday Ahman! I miss seeing you in a Green Bay jersey, but that's life, have a good one man.
Congratulations everyone! While we're getting rid of legislative evils starting with a "D," how about nixing DOMA and the DMCA?
Downloaded a random Travis porter song.... It's the sing I've been looking for like 3 weeks. AYYYY LADIES!!!!
its great I miss the really young cody ;)
Look at his stat line in 1956
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?
Whenever I hear someone on KUT talk about "this donor wall…" I hear "the stoner wall…"
you hear the mixtape bro ?
RT The Simpsons have iPhone :O
Some people amaze me. Really..
Thanks for the #FF :D
one of my favorites too
sadly ive seen worse
ran out of soy milk today, so i had to use cream YUK! tasted like vomit!!
Thanks for the interesting information. Do you know if Texas and Virginia are among the 12?
There can be no such thing as writer's block in the next 48 hours
Structuring your business around a firm set of ethics is key. Make it an expression of your path!
watching Lekan figure skate as the princess on the wii was priceless! That winter olympics game is fun!
Tread me like a joke & I'll leave you like it's funny.
lol, not sure the urban dictionary is the definition I go by!
Only 3 more days until #VMworld !!!! Join for the exciting release of the groundbreaking technology of #SkySAN booth # 1248
I've seen 3 such emails so far RT MoveOn sends out fundraising email for Obama pivoting off marriage equality shift
Thanks DJ MissBehave!
Even if doesnt notice me i'll always be his fan and i will always love how hes such a great inspiration for everyone I <3 U:)
We are still hoping that and Brew Master Jeremy will be pouring at the Art of Beer. Only time will tell though!
11:11 use it wisely. I know what I'm wishing for.
tell your brother to text me back! i miss him :(
duck my sick 5 times then... Make my day!
lunch fail
perfect! Thank you so much. There are so many cool jobs that use a creative philosophy or touch on it.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. Mark Twain
What a good day:)
Perhaps an expectation, but also a potentially useful point of brand distinction, i.e. HBO above the all-you-can stream fray.
hey to u too (:
Pulling out the #meh card when you don't know how to fight back in an arguement.
yeah... happy valentines day to you too....
Someone text or call me since nobody else has time for me *couqh couqh*
thank you!!! Cheers for the friendship too!
Later today I'm going to share links to my favorite software that doesn't get much press- open-source stuff & things not from the majors. :)
“: ' doing his superman thing again. #HateThatGuy” Thanks! And sorry?
ohh the other one i had, i deleted that one i believe.
DISCLAIMER: the views expressed by and his "quintonisms" r solely his. although if you knew quintin, u would share his view too
Beach = success
2012 is my year... time for a comeback!
What's wrong with that woman?! :-)
I'll try to represent the bottom bracket against
tell your laptop it isn't them..its you :-)
uh oh
happy birthday Callie
Everything has been figured out, except how to live
Preparing to speak at Stout Field for the INARNG's State Chaplains Conference about The American Legion's TFA, EAF, & CEW's EFAP
When I go to concerts I always like taking odd items to have the band/artist sign them.. To see the reaction is the best! What is ur item?
Do you remember your favorite concert?
I think he would love it! :)
Having an iPhone means you spend a year and a half terrified of breaking it & another 6 months kind of hoping you do.
I'm not a philosopher, so I don't concern myself with questions like "How many Oreos is too many?"
lol...every time Oregon kicks off the ball, I expect to hear "she's a maniac" in the background.
Paid $15 / 24 hrs to use the wifi on my laptop in my room at the hyatt. If I also want to connect w/my ipad, I have to pay another $15.
I hate this class can school be over
thanks Dean!!
- thanks for posting!
Going to be dancing at the Hollywood Music in Media awards tomorrow night at the Highlands Nightclub at the Kodak Theater!
if u go on eBay I have this picture. Item ID
Happy Easter everyone! Looking forward to our morning of celebration at Solana Beach Presbyterian.
Good choice for a song with Clay Walker!
Are you and gonna follow this year's draft, or are you done watching?
I ♥ Gavin Degraw for a long time. Thanks for giving him good air time #DWTS!
I don't run away from problems, but I would rather kill them than solve em
Corporatism is not Capitalism
yes sir!
not that i didn't know it was coming, but seeing that #bent got canceled still makes me sad
tuesday morning i was bit by a (large) dog on my forearm. why do my shoulder muscles hurt so much, too?! ugh.
did you know...that.. I love you :-)
I agree. At this late stage yes. 2 months ago it would have had more impact.
Spent 12 hours leading an intensive f2f class this weekend, envisioning how much better it could have been online.
That is pretty cool! Not sure I would do that with my collection but it is pretty amazing.
Want to go see the next game? use www.TooUtravel.com to book cheap travel!
Even two glasses don't have much effect on me, but I tell you what does ... student achievement.
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.” ― Mahatma Gandhi
Playing universal Blues Brothers show today ......let the show began ......
wow! i've never heard of 'mowhere'. is that a division 3 school?
we could've probably gotten a lineman/receiver and gotten Weeden at 37. the guy is 29 years old.
Catch Curator Ben Thompson Saturday morning on in the 7am hour. He will be discussing the new exhibition ReFocus: Art of the 1970s.
. oh! Please please! I can't wait :D
- been there before bro.
Testone will win
Just got yelled at for not picking up the phone, after I told my wife I was going to the movies
Im still trying to figure out twitter...then again I hate my cell phone time for an upgrade!
told ya haha
It doesn't matter how good anyone looked last night. It's how much fun you had. & if you didn't have fun, you may as well have worn a bag.
Gahh Florence is coming to Merriweather in Sept?! Must get tix!
If you want to learn how they work, watch TSM_TheOddOne's Twitch TV channel. He's a top player and the best at explaining.
Where's all my sunshine ladies
shit i don't know how to make a work cited page!!!
Dear Face Wash Commercials, nobody actually splashes their face with water like that. Sincerely, my whole damn bathroom floor is wet.
Why does it always take a break up to get me to man up and get a new tattoo or piercing?
RT : On line audition coaching sessions available soon! Email: for more information.
pic? love it...looks great!!
Sitting at the gate at the airport and my regular 5am alarm went off.
agreed that the omissions here are striking.
awww i miss you too “: I miss #oomf”
You too! RT : Be well and enjoy the weekend!
Happy Birthday! What a great way to celebrate....seeing BA! #bestbirthdayever ;)
Which blog posting platform do you find most useful for image-based academic blogs? Scholarly bloggers, please weigh in!
Do you have me coming on tomorrow's show. If so what time? I'm good whenever
Its a damn shame you starting off the summer like this. Haha but hey, I'm used to it.
Hey we're from Portland! And that's a great review. Congrats to Ben!
The W Hollywood poppin off tonight Where you @?
Tempted to install the OS X Mountain Lion Developer Preview for the AirPlay Mirroring feature. Can't wait for this...
nothing it aint my fault im hot stuff ;) haha i miss you we need to hangout
Thanks, Nancy!
This Saturday I was suited up and had a Ted Mosbey moment. Back to the scene of the crime...next Saturday
Shouldn't have done that. I bother you too much. I'm sorry.
and u would think correct
you had me going on the Rapid City job, i have to admit -- i was like oh that's cool, there's gold in them Black Hills
I'm in such a good mood for my birthday the rain isn't even bothing me right now
Haters gonna hate- keep killin em money
love the hash tag #itsagame -- nice work
I know!
Yes, a Frenchie named Norman. There are some pictures on our profile if you want to see the mascot in action!
Blah Blah Blah Im Just Haven Funn
<\3 I'm done I'm through I really really hate you !
Wow. “: In the 12 hours since Bubba Watson won the Masters, he has picked up 1 Twitter follower every 2.6 seconds.”
U /go play Champagne & Chickenheadz!
Even if there was rain, at least I could test my Viva Glam Gaga... <3 For me, it was waterproof. I love you !!! <3
let me guess? O'Hare??? You're a world traveler!!
Sounds great! Email me at and we'll set up an interview! :) Thanks so much!
ODP soccer, Congrats :) My niece in Maryland is on an ODP team, (sorry to jump in your talk, but ODP caught me)
Spring break is a thing of the past... :(
I hate when people think bc theyre thin that theyre healthy. Just bc you play xbox all day, eat like shit and weigh 110 doesnt mean your fit
Thank you, muchly.
done and done. You--i mean, that guy--have ur first follower
Studio tomorrow, time to start recording for the full length :) check out the EP here! www.soundcloud.com/Iamforyou
I've already forgotten. What was it really?
I will forever be able to vibe to Lights Please.
thanks for the love, dude! hope you're doing well!
Did you have a chance to see the King Tut exhibition on your trip to The Children's Museum of Indy?
happy birthday hun c:
Another Florida team bites the dust! So happy Florida Gators r heading to Sweet 16.
Just woke up from the best dream ever, & I were hanging out!! (:
Back in office , in business mode... LOL i think blah i tried
<3 <3 thank you sweet sweta. when are we seeing each other??
The funnist thing to see on the bus Is a fat bitch with a big burger king bag
I've never had a BoyFriend! Never had a first kiss! Nothing like that! Don't even have a friend that is a Boy! 💔 -Maria
Raining again two days in a row...finally! Hope it rains enough to help put out the damn fires *fingers crossed*
Keep Voting!
Made a really delish chicken noodle soup tonite... W/ grilled cheese sammys on sour dough... M Soup!
I read this tweet in my sleep and thought it was too good to be true. I want in on the next brainstorm sesh.
"Bucks fans, Are you not going to the Bucks games because of their record, the building, or OTHER?" << Other = SJax
larry david i've missed you...excited about #curbyourenthusiasm and duh
Ellie Goulging's Starry Eyed is getting popular... even though it's old ahaha
Watching Brides Maids
going to school singing say somethin'
I love you all :)
I'm not living if you're not by my side. 💔
To what do I owe the distinct honor or your twitter follow Ms. Cairns?
And we were joined by the TWU Local One Hundred
I love that feeling when someone tells me ive been loosing weight. Im so proud of myself and feel so accomplished. :')
you know it. They really weren't ready
Cant win a race
Mad as shit that my 2k game broke
I know my audience
R.i.P Knicks
Justin who?
FUTURE HATER IS HOT NERD GLASSES ARE HOT JOGGING SUITS ARE SICK. LOVE YOURSELF BABY,
& it's not even my birthday 😏
Plus it's been a min since I last got tatted
tx for RT Chas - obviously a cause and Post near and dear to my heart!
that sucks :( mine came here from Turkey for passover & they're leaving in two days (just 3 days before my bday) :(
About to knock out.
Up and at it early....good friends kid has first communion and then a party.....church on Saturday and I'll be drinking early.
I really like...if it becomes a series, let me know!
will be the millennial generation panelist at the next Chamber Business Growth meeting. Time to get that suit pressed.
The former, *please*. Out-of-date Tweetdeck (before it was bought by Twitter) seems to be best. And that's ridiculous.
Up this speech tomorrow..
Does Google Docs no longer let you print out 3 slides per page with notes?
tyler perry's why did i get high?
#Brewers players taking BP here at Miller Park, sight for sore eyes.
Like we say, Its for when your real life needs a real wake up!
From Shoot Us Down
91 left of ~687 entrants at Jax WPT Event 1 -- I have 55k just about average. 70 make the $$$ and Jax more than doubled the guarantee !!!
Have you ever wondered how to get lower credit card interest rates? Visit www.CreditCardNegotiations.com
Shake it shake it like your supposed to, if you know your getting over...tell'em copy copy over! #CopyPaste #DIGGY ;)
Only.... If I can have some whip on it.
I always want to warn them to turn back now because it's not too late for them.... :)
why was orabrush video so successful? good length, funny, fast moving, educational, call to action.
My goal for the day: fix the economy and legalize marijuana
Not happy with my performance today. Record is now 5-2. Mainland & University better be ready.
taking any interesting classes?
Spent the entire day watching reruns of my favorite Asian TV drama. Those were the "Meteor Garden" & "Full House" days.
Gettin lifted as
Israeli officer reassigned after striking activist - Jewish Telegraphic Agency
bottom of the 11th! LETS UP GO CARDS!
so u don't care keeping me around...ok fine
Agreed. Also nice that you didn't block out the media or arrest reporters.
Oh My! another week is soon to pass! what memory can make this week last? Big questions for the small mind.
Are you following 2 of our awesome shows? and You should so you can be awesome too!
when you got tired of being invisible
I always fall for your type.
im a girl
Being faithful to your boyfriend or girlfriend should be common sense.
WE BUY GOLD & SILVER ! WE PAY MOST IN KENDAL !
is preparing latkes for 400. Need A LOT of POTATOES.
RT : This day will happen whether you participate or not! #face it #embrace it
Yeah, "parallel lines on a slow decline" is incredibly sad. One of his best lyrics.
I promise I'll stick to my time limit this year (fingers crossed)
#blessed , I say that humbly, I am nothing without God. #GNight&GodBless
Wisconsin, you are such a tease. Bring back the warm weather please. (I promise to stop rhyming if you do).
Awesome! Thx Mathias. Let us know if u need more product.
im guessing the power in town went out? lol its all over FB!!
We are at having our 1st DC Fundraiser helping to raiseoney for our Fashion First Program taking DC students to NYC!!!
What the eff? We just had an earthquake!!
i gotta be on twitter more , ctfu , smh
MANS WORSE ENEMIES ASSUMPTION AND PERCEPTION WE AS HUMANS ALWAYS ASSUMING AND PERCEIVING THINGS WRONG OR DIFFERENT THEN THEY REALLY R.
ha! convergence...
Suggestion: take a nap. Two possible causes tonight of sleeping during game: offense, lateness.
"He who has health has hope, and he who has hope, has everything."
Who's there? A faster-than-light neutrino. Knock knock.
#FF the fab #TEDxAdMo team in charge of Change!
Drew takes Care.of my lightwork
Tired of being tired
Welcome to Nashville! Hope you and your fam are more than wonderful!
Family pictures today(: if it stops raining!!!!:/
Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions. - Pablo Picasso
had a wonderful night! :) dancing away<3
And happy Grand Floral Parade Day to You Too! :)
Just saw , absolutely hilarious!!!! #MaineIsLame ;)
wat it dew
easily the best sock every... and the reason why Giovanni is hands down the best gift giver!
Proudly serving Rishi Tea! MT : Glad to be partnering w/ ! Have a cup of tea w/ dinner at any of their restaurants
i can verify this. i was there.
i forget lol i think its looking good idk remember
dude I just texted you. Yearly # change is too much.
No one is home and I'm starving to death waaahhhhh ):
last class before finals! still can't believe it's over. going to miss everyone so much!
"Like" this post if you are sore from Monday's workout. OUCH!
Back after 2 week break, only took 3 days for "too much going on" meltdown. Recommendation for overall project mgr software or system?
are you serious?!!
Thanks, that's good to hear, all is well and I've missed you also and look forward to seeing you again, soon...
Rivera's the greatest to ever play his position, so you gotta go to Mo'
last night visiting in maryland, cap it off with some luxury cable television.
sadly, I don't believe that she does
"Don't make excuses"
Thank you Jayhawks for a peaceful night of sleep
Enjoying my son daughter in law and granddaughter. will graduate from Drew seminary on saturday
Yeah bro, great heart...": yo... Way to bring it tonight kid"
Happy Star Wars Day folks!
she so pretty , ill love to keep her .
I'm tryna go through some odd numbers of 'Ace Of Spades' this summer .. Only did 2 last summer ..
Catch us next time. Best ever Chocolate Cherry Martinis! WOWZERS!
#Trayvon God takes folks we love, to honor them, to raise them up, and to teach us how little we appreciated what we had when we had it.
haha thats because they're awesome :)
We're excited, too! RT : Excited to meet #schoolhealth partners: , , , ,...
Your jersey says your last name but your mine son! #iBeInTheGameOn4th&Inches
Oh snap Christmas is this week already!!! Hope ya'll r ready.
Hmm....what do they miss about Ireland's (g)olden times exactly?
Having your sex tape end up on "America's Funniest Home Videos" would probably be worse.
Happy Friday!
Since Death Cab For Cutie is in Seattle the same day you are, it's only natural that you play "So Much Closer" together, right?
Lesbian voice?
I love it too but my god the lows are intense haha.
the sneaky gallstone thanks you :)
I've got two boys cooking for me right now. Not a bad turn of events for the night.
LOL stupid groupie!!!
Hilarious! I have some bad ones myself. If I find one, I'll post it. I have no problem humiliating myself if it gets a laugh!
Four hours is possible. You know you want to go. ;)
Another interview, another chance for Nugent to be a disgusting human being.
I need a haircut. Or a need head. Either one.
sadly many analysts would say otherwise
Lovin my new phone
"God Morning Vieetnaaaam"
Additionally, “Use It, Or Lose It” or “Idle lease” legislative scheme that hurts our industry was recently introduced in Congress.
Thank you!
Oh gosh, me too. I am trying to slow down a little so I can savor it. Plus my work buddies haven't started reading it yet.
nun much just chillin... wat about u
early black friday sale at beertap-tees.com: buy 3 shirts & get 1 free...hurry over to take advantage
#Apple employee loses #iPhone 5 wapo.st/nQ50OR Don't they have an app for that? "Where's my iPhone" Geez.
“Stick to the basics, hold on to your family and friends - they will never go out of fashion.” ~Niki Taylor
I've been at work for 20 minutes. I set off the alarm and now the police are coming for me! I sure to love working.
New storefront art display coming to downtown cville soon! Keep your eyes peeled...
Metallic Gold Adidas Tear-aways RT: : What is your most risque fashion moment?
tonight is going to be fucked up! #ccbshows stay golden fool!
you set me u for failure by not beating my eggs properly. At least I didn't punch you this time?
Q6 quinoa, legumes, barley, soy... all delicious!
Go, Mo! RT "I'm coming back. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going out like this." - Mariano Rivera to reporters today
Standing behind some chickenheads at GSide.
nice to meet you Ms. Gould!
Tourism Officials Update Stakeholders and Outline How to Participate: It was also named one of the “Top 12 Spots that should be on yo...
I know Kemba Walker has two fouls, but #UConn needs to get him back into the game. They need that go-to scoring punch.
wow! Uve influenced me to be myself and not others how can i thank u? Will u follow me? And what can I do o help stop bullying?
Having trouble remembering where your classes are located? check out the pinpoint map of your classes on campus in the My UW Portal
My Yogi® Teabag today: "There is a beauty in your presence." Which is like saying, "Well, he's really NICE…but…."
i thought i saw a pitbull outside the stadium with a mike vick jersey on
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657 on youtube. It would be awesome if you followed me back. Love your videos. :-)
aah, the naiveté of youth. There is little about getting older to look forward to. Not even retirement nowadays.
In the sense of academics doing at least some of their work in public, rather than ceding the whole narrative about what we do +
“: Well SOMEONE had some extra sugar in THEIR bitch-flakes this morning.”
um okay?
watching something exciting may increase the heart rate so its like your doing cardio lol
listening to a little Woe, Is Me....He has the voice of an angel *sigh* rehearsal tonight! -J
At LAX getting ready to head home - great trip, powerful ministry
hey , would u follow ME. PALEASE
Everyone needs a mental and emotional check up from time to time...
“: Fun FACT! The author or Hunger Games wrote on Clarissa Explains it ALL... THAT EXPLAINS SO MUCH TO ME> lol”
Wave your Terrible Towel! #HinesWard on
thank you Dave- have a fantastic week
In successful relationships, no one wears the pants...
Anybody want my 8800th Tweet?
Yeah!!! So happy for you make money RT : Couple more hurdles to jump then the new Anthony Robert Salon will be open for business
Wow there is nothing worse than back pain. Hope you get better soon!!
is probably the most patient person alive
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live. - Anatole France
#off I RT'd that because my favorite musician just promoted and i's website!!!!!
Let's quit school together?
wait and see
Its actually a good friday the 13th
